===== 0002601_18930909_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
Itlql THOMAS FRA-IN, T and DEBT COLLECTOR:House, Estate, and b Deneml Commission Agent, GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. ott t;th ACCOUNTS regularly collected intonor 444,„,,,R5TS PURCHASED. References d Terms ri• Commnnications promptly istetenadned to. A I\Erts' LANE COAL WHARF, 4.11 u „, WARRINGTON. 'URSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY, LIMITED, UALL COLLIERIES, NEAR WIGAN' °CAL M keAll ANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS. 40t toe M ' Rouse Coal Nuts Burgy, and Engine Fuel Pron,''t, Wagons sent to an}, Railway Station, Mouse attended to. received also at 19s, Sankey-st. P S ' s

e 0 0 .... 0 A

===== 0002601_18930909_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
; ,o,0"

===== 0002601_18930909_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTE.-WI:

GRADY'S

WORTHINGTON'S BURTON ALES AND STOUTS. FINDLATER'S DUBLIN INVALID AND OTHER STOUTS. GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT IN CASK OR BOTTLE. FINDLATER'S STOUTS may now be had in 41 gallon casks. WHICA.TLEY'S HOP BITTERS in bottles only. J. M. BEACON.

SCOUREE,

METAL POLISH.

QUICK, BRILLIANT, LASTING.

BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLES, 14. ST. AMRS-ST., WARRINGTON.

Wholesale fi om J. L. DUG CID and Co

al.. 4d.,2d., and Id. Tins. Of all Grocers and Chandlers.

28; CHAPEL-STREET, LIVERPOOL

E 31 I GRA TI ON. TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD. Intending emigrants to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, San Francisco, Canada, China, Japan, Australia, or New Zealand, should take tickets (lowest rates) atthe "Examiner" Office. Warrington, by GUION. AMERICAN, AUSTRA- LIAN, ORIENTAL, and other lines. JOHN WALKER, AGENT, "EXAMINER" OFFICE BRWSEY-ST., WABUINE TUN.

LEATHER BELTING. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. or

kJEMENTED ONLY. DONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street. Liverpool, Also at 35. Market Street, Manchester. London, Cardiff, Newport, and Dublin, LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

PETER LEIGH, 4ORSHMARKIIT STURM. WARRINGTON.

H OMR MADE MARMALADE.

A DELICACY IN EVERY HOUSIDIOLD. COLLINGE'S SEVILLE ORANGE MARMALADE

BOLD BY ALL GROCERS.-WOES BARLBSTOWN.

4 r „ : , „:„

===== 0002601_18930909_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
GRATEFUL

COMPORTING.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
BREAKFAST OR SUPPER

BOILING WATER OR MILK

===== 0002601_18930909_art0006.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4,3

===== 0002601_18930909_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
r‘, • r .

Tiol0:1•".

===== 0002601_18930909_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
IE'LF,ASANT PARAGRAPHS.

A WOMAN sometimes forgets that she has a soul; but she never forgets that she has a complexion. " Tun only way to prevent what's past," said Mrs. Muldoon, "is to pat a stop to is before lb happens." "DEAREST love. I have swallowed the postage stamp which was on your letter, because knew your lips had touched it." TEACII s.a :-4‘ Give a sentence which shall include the words 'measures not men.'" Bright Pupils "A dressmaker measures not men." POET'S wife: "The wolf is at the door." Poet: "Bring him in, and I'll read him what I've just written. He won't trouble us any more." "I SAW a capital thing in your pamphlet the other day," said a cynic. "Indeed," said the delighted author. " what ?" "A pound of butter." _ _

A MAN in Bengal asserts: Tiger hunting is a very fine amusement, so long as you hunt the tiger, but its rather awkward when a tiger takes it in his head to hunt you." A DIFFERENT DlAGNOSlS.—"Something dreadful Is going to happen, John. I foci it in my bones." "Nonsense. That isn't anything dreadful. It's only rheumatism." 'WAYSIDE BEGDAT.--" Beg your pardon, sir, but —" Brusque Citizen—" :Sorry I can't accommo- date you. had you asked for a shilling, should have Lein glad to oblige you; but the fact is I'm all out of pardon."

" DATUANG," said the young man, "your eyes are like diamonds, your lips like rubies, your teeth like pearls, your hair like jet--" George," she interrupted, "remember that you woik in a jewellery- warehouse. Don't talk shop."

"I LIKE that young Hicks," said Ethel's father. "He's the kind of man that doesn't know more than I do." "Yes," returned Ethers mother. "But do you think a young man who knows u little as that will get on in the world?"

"I'LL tell you -why I've come by the South. Eastern," said the released convict to the guard on the way up from Maidstone." "Why so ?' "My Lair will be a reasonable length by the time we reach Cannon Street," returned the es-convict. AN UNWARRANTED ASSUMPTION. - Editor (to humorist): "Do you expect pay for this joke ?' Humorist: "Certainly. You didn't think I was in the funny business for fun, did you!"

SENTIMENT IN THE SHIRES.—" Betroot to me 1" sighed the gardener's daughter to her farmer swain. "If I don't," was the suitor's apt retort, " may I straightway fall into my mowing•machine and be mangold 1" "BITTEN by an alleged mad dog," is the way the papers put it. Doubtless this is to avoid the dog's feelings being hurt. In thess days, when dogs are served with writs and so forth, whenever they act, they have to be reckoned with, and if one says too much they'll bring a libel action as likely as not. FIVE YEAR OLD boy (only child) : "Mamma, I wish you'd get me a little sister, I'm so lonesome." Same boy (at a subsequent period, sitting upright in his bed at 11.30 p.m., and shaking his fist at his sweet little sister in the next room)—" If I'd known what a howler you was pin' to be you can bet -cher life I would never have ordered you."

===== 0002601_18930909_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
IN spite of the ill-founded contempt Dr. John- son professed to entertain for actors, he persuaded himself to treat Mrs. Siddons with great politeness ; and said, when she called on him at Bolt Court, and Frank, his servant, could not immediately provi le her with a chair, "You see, Madam, wherever you go there are no seats to be got." " Ort, for the Wings of a Dove I'" Helen— " Just listen to that soprano ! What good would the ' wings of a dove' do her? She must weigh two hundred pounds." Jack—" Probably she titants them to trim a hat with." MRS. WOMAN'S RIG LITER "If they refuse to pass the measure I desire, I'll adjourn the meet- ing." Her friend : " How can you do that? You are not chairman." Mrs. %Woman's Righter: "I have a mouse io this box, and, if they don't do as I want them, I'll set it loose." "You see that man over there," said one amateur Sportsman to another at Brighton. "That's a man who can put us on to a good thing. He makes Loates' boots and Captain Machell's. His tip is good goods." "G' won," retorted the other. "L ,ates and Machell ain't such bally fools aa to carry their brains in their boots." TUN. EICIIIT HOURS' QuESTlON.—Unskilled work- man : I hears as our friends the railway porters has struck. Second Ditto: What has they struck fer ? U. W. : For shorter hours, of course. S. D. : Well, I allus did think sixty minutes too long fer one hour's work! By Jove! YAAS. Mr. Chatterton: -deciied to go into business, Miss Weatherbee." Miss Weatherbee : "I'm very glad to hear it, Mr. Chatterton." Mr. Chatterton : " Yaas, I've made up my mind to become a fa-mer. Think how jolly it must be to go out, of a mawning and see the butterflies making butter, and the grasshoppers making grass—and—all diat sawt of thing, you know.'

As an eminent physician remarked, when a stump-orator was describing the condition of two geraniums, one of which was watered in the ordinary way, and advertised its virtuous prin- ciples by an exuberant freshness of blossom and leaf, while the second became an involuntary toper, having been dosed with alcohol into premature decay. " Y es, if I were a geranium, I should pre- fer water; but then I am not a geranium." A SMART MAN.—Managing Editor (to pro- prietor) : "Flyer, our up-town man, ought to have a desk. He's the best reporter we've got." Proprietor: "How's that? I thought he was a regular stick." Managing Editor: "Stick? Why, he's a genius ! He found that broken rail that caused that accident on the Zig Zag Central, and sat on a stone eight hours waiting for the acoldent to occur, so he could get the story in to-night's paper,"

IRISII INFORMATION.-11`Turk (anxious to catch the seven o'clock boat) "Good morning, Mrs. Murphy. Could yez tell me the iggsact toime ?" Mrs. Murphy (promptly) : "I could that. It's tin minutes to sivin." M`furk (uneasily) : "Is it that much ?" Mrs. Murphy : " Ur-r-r, I should say twinty minutes to niviu. M`Turk (relieved) : 4' Oh :" Mrs. Murphy (on reflection) : " Och, phwat am I talking about ? Twinty minutes pall eivin, I mane.' M'Turk (in consternation) 1‘ What !" Mrs. Murphy (reassuringly) : " Well, it's aithet twenty minutes to sivin or twenty minutes pasht sivin, I don't know which—for me clock's not goin'."

TilE Rev. Doctor --, a prominent cletgymetn, relates with much gusto the following story about hiinself. His present wife, by the way, is not the wife of his youth, nor yet of his early manhood, but the lady of his third choice, and, Lis a conse- quence, the doctor's set of olive branches spring from diverse maternal ancestry. "Such a condi- tion of affairs," said the doctor, "might at times become embarrasiug except for the thorough ami- ability of all concerned. I confess, however, to a slightly disconcerted feeling when, shortly before my third marriage, I was approached by one of my daughters—a girl of nine, and one who called my second wife mother—with the question ' Papa, will you let me go to see 3,,u married? I have never been at any of your weddings.'"

When George the Second was once told by some ef his confidential friends that everything was complained of, and that the people were extremely dissatisfied at the tardiness of making the public payments, he in great wrath sent, for the Duke of Newcastle, his prime minister, and told him he would no longer suffer such infamous delays, .and was determined to inspect and regulate the accounts himself; and for this purpose he commanded that the proper papers should he immediately sent to St. Jame,fs. "They shai Ibe sent to your Majesty to-morrow," replied the Duke. When the King rose in the morning, and looked out of his window, he saw two wagon.loads of papers, each tied with red tape, unloading in the area. Inquiring what they were, he was told they came from the Duke of Newcastle,. to whom he sent to know what it nicant. " They are the papers for examination," said the Duke; "twelve sieve waggon-loads for your Majesty a inspection will be sent in the course of the clay." "Fur toy inspection 1" replied the enraged monarch ; for my inspection I The devil's chief clerk may in.peet them, but I would as soon walk baref ; I.„Tertisalem."

===== 0002601_18930909_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
MEDICAL.

A nARD REVEREND JOSEPH HOLMES' improved Mexican Prescription, as discov-red In the hot, table- lands of Old Mexico, is a guaranteed cure to all those svh) nlffer from the errors an t towserettons of youth. netvous weakness, phyvical exhau r on, and early (teeny. To intro- duce it into England, the Mexican Prescription will be sent free of eharg-. upon ree °tot • f a self addressed stamped ivelo; e. Only address : JOSPPH flotatEs* Remedy Co. B n,l4.ery Mansions, Blom:tansy-square. Laudon. W.f.; Idit. n this paper.

But the New York Liie " was more sarcastic towards the South in general and Chicago in parti- cular than towards Mr. Besant's unlucky compari- son of himself to so great a man as " Jeames.” (This paper, by the way, is far wittier than our “Pi,nch," for which, indeed, it cultivates a lofty disdain.) It quieted Mr. Besant's forebodings by assuring him that there is now less champagne in the South than there was before the war, or at least that it flows less lavishly for men of letters, and more for rail- road presidents and prospecting millionaires, than it did when Thackeray paid his visit.

A Spaniard of Irish extraction—curious pedigree —Couist, or more correctly Conde Morphy, holds with the Queen Regent of Spain exactly the same position as that of Sir henry ronsonby or Sir Fleetwood Edwards with our own Sovereign Queen Christina, during the present troublous times, has soley missed her private secretary, who is devoting a well-earned holiday to his pet hobby, musical composition. Conde Morphy is the naturalised de- scendant of one of the many Irish soldiers of for- tune who in the last century sold their swords and their services to the Catholic power of Spain.

Curiously enough beioie the present Spanish Ministry was iu office, the Queen, when at San Sebastian had as minister in attendance another Spaniard of Hibernian descent in the Duque de Tetuan, Don Carlos 0 Donnell, nephew and heir of the Marshal O'Donnell who some :30 years and more since subdued the rebellious Moors. The Al arshal's grandfather was the original exile from his native land, from which he was driven not only on account of his faith but also for his adherence to the Stuart cause. His grandson became a Spanish general,and at the close of the African campaign Queen Isabella created him Duke of Tetuan. On his death his title passed to the distinguished Foreign Secretary of the late Adminstration of Senor Canovas, a post which he attained after having passed through the diplomatic mill as Spanish Ambassador at Brussels and Vienna. The Duke is a grandee of Spain, and it goes without saying that he looks the part to perfection.

One of the busiest lady writen of the day is Mrs. L. T. Meade (Mrs. 11. Toulmin Smith). A native of Bandon, co. Cork, she came to London 17 years ago, and has since written between 50 and 60 books. Besides fulfilling her editorial duties as conductor of " Atalanta," Mrs. Meade writes on an average from three to four long stories a year. Unlike most authors, she did not experience much difficulty in making her way in the literary world of London, for her novels were readily accepted from the first.

Mrs. Meade married in 1879, tut continued to write under the name by which she was best known Iler earliest stories were written to all the cause of the suffering poor in the East-end, the most success- ful being " Scamp and I " and " Water Gypsis." That Mrs. Meade is a busy writer may be judged from the fact that., in addition to dictating her stories to a shorthand writer, she keeps two secre- taries constantly employed. Mrs. Meade is above the middle height, with dark hair, a pleasant face, brigbt. complexion, and a kindly and winning manner.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
"CAPITA.L-" CHAT.

Mr. Gladstone,. as is well known, does not confine his attention to metropolitan second-bang booksellers, and last week he made a selection- from the catalogue of a Teddington dealer. Amongst the purchases were four rare books on Ireland, one of them a novel describing the state of the country a hundred years ago.

From to-day (Monday) the eyes of armed Europe will turn with interest to the little village of Coate, which Sir Evelyn Wood has selected for his head- quarters during the -manceavres. Thus associated with the throbbing of the drum and the rattle of musketry, the one great claim of the village to fame—that it was there that Richard.refferies lived and wrote—may be easily overlooKed. The cottage he lived in still stands, although the taint of modernness has destroyed much of its picturesque- ness. Even until to-day the favourite walk of the busy Swindenian is across .the fields that skirt the lake in the Manor House Park, which night and morning Jefferies walked when he fol- lowed the humbrum life ol reporter in alocal news- paper office, and the good village folk still talk of him without seeing the particular virtue of blades- cribing fields and hedgerows that anyone can see for the mere trouble of going so far.

The whole neighbourhood teams with interest, both historical and modern. Swindon itself is one of the most phenomenally developed towns in Eng- land, while hard by there is the great forest of Savernake, and the troops in Berkshire will be under the shadow of the birthplace at Wantage of Alfred the Great. In theintime the peaceful hills and vales of Wiltshire have seen actual war in its worst form, for round Devizes Clornivell's legions did some of their heaviest fighting, and a statue of the Madonna is still pointed out Were as having been hurled down by the Parliamentarians, but replaced by Divine hands during the night. Asa military manceuvring ground the whole district is unequalled

The announcement on Tuesday morning of the appointment of Sir Henry Norman as Viceroy of India, in succession to Lord Lansdowne, whose term of office expires in December, will cause general surprise. The post has so long been as- sociated with thoss.who have either distinguished themselves in civil administration or in the politi- cal arena that the policy of handing over this position, so fraught with heavy responsibilities, to one whose connection with civil administration only dates from 1883 (when he became Governor of Jamaica, and subsequently Queensland) will arouse much comment. From a military point or view, there are few men liiing, better fitted for the post, for Sir Henry's name has been prominent in mili- tary administration in India for the last half cen- tury. In 1844 his name appears as an ensign in the Bengal army, and during the troubles in the Pun- jaub that commenced four years later, and extended over a lengthy period, he so greatly distinguished himself that he was entrusted with the command of a detachment in the Sonthal campaign.

During the Mutiny he rendered honourable ser- vice and was frequently mentioned in despatches, and at its close he retired from the field, but con- tinued to serve in the military administration. In 1860 he was appointed Assistant Military Secre- tary at the House Guards; from 1862 to 1870 he was Secretary to the Government of India in the Mili- tary department, and he was afterwards for seven years Military Member of the Viceroy's Council lie then came home, and served from 1878 to 1883 at the India Office as Military Member in the Coun- cil of the Secretary of State. Since his career in civil administration Sir Henry has been fortunate in having his lot cast on peaceful times, but, never- theless, he has given proof of a delicate finesse in dealing with the ever-recurrent knotty problems cropping up in the colonies.

The American Press have been chaffing Mr. Wal- ter Besant. He was invited to make a tour of the Southern States, but declined because he could not forget that Thackeray never recovered from the champagne which he drank during a similar jour- ney. Whereupon one Yankee paper cruelly re- minded Mr. Besant that he, was not Thackeray.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
A COSTLY DONKEY.

An amusing story comes from the Antipodes regarding Sir Robert Duff. On the occasion of the new Govenor visiting the Sydney Zoological Gardens his attention was directed to a donkey imported from the Soudan. One of the officials connected with the garden informed the Governor that the donkey in question was the moat ex- pensive animal in the Zoo, having cost somewhere about £370,000. On Sir RQbert inquiring how it came about that such a large sum was lavished on one animal, it was explained to him that the donkey was the only tangible thing the colony possessed to represent the sum spent on the Soudan expedition. It is added that Sir Eleory Parkes, who was one of the party, observed that the colony possessed other donkeys which had cost her even more than the Soudan one.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
cicie7eatiHY,OW&lg.

GIVE EASE & COMFORT DURING TEETHING. Pleant, Cooling Aperient for Children of all Ages. Try them and prove their value for yourselves. Sold everywhere in packet.), 1.. 10. and 2s. 9d., or post free 14 or 54 stamps. J. PRITCHARD. CIISMIST, CHFAVLB, MANCHESTER (lattChorlton Road).

An outdoor bodice of rough red serge, with the revers and double capes edged with a very broad black braid, and a tight-fitting bodice, fastening over on one side with a belt of braid looks well. The braid also hems the plain skirt. Serge really threatens to be an immortal material; lb rules the womanhood of Britannia with an apparently Immutable sovereignty. Nothing very novel In autumn wraps has as yet put in an appearance. The moderately long coat, with close-fitting back and straight fronts fasten- ing with a double row of big pearl or horn buttons, is still much worn, and for travelling or country wear substantial-looking capes of reversible cloth, long enough to reach well below the hips, and having high collars, are fashionable. The new mackintoshes are exceeding smart, however; some have almost tight backs and double-breasted loose fronts, somewhat resembling a gentleman'. driving coat, with a deep cape lined with fancy cloth, while others are of striped silk (maokintoeh, of course) with a triple cape lined with check silk.

A new and stylish toilette is made of plain beige cloth, trimmed with cord gimp, for which fancy or plain silk may be substituted. The gored skirt is trimmed with four flounces, each gathered with a heading at the top and placed twoinches apart. The bodice is fastened invisibly with hooks in the centre of the front, which is trimmed with gimp from the shoulder scam to just below the bust. The overfronts are in handkerchief style, joined Into the shoulder and first underarm seam. The right side crosses over the left and passes round to the centre of the back, where it is fastened under a ribbon bow. The high collar is trimmed with gimp. The sleeves are ornamented at the wrist with gimp, and the deep puff is gathered at the arm- hole and again just above the elbow. Yours lovingly, JENNIE

The Duchess ef Fife is an enthusiastic angler. The Queen's Scotch journeys cost her about £5,000 a year for travelling expenses alone. Sir Wilfrid Lawson considers that women should entsr the Church of England ministry. The Grey Ladies is the name under which a band of philanthropic women are working in the poorest parts of London.

The Queen has never yet allowed a lady to smoke a cigarette in her presence. She has the greatest horror of a woman smoker. Fraulein Helene Lange, of Berlin, the well-known champion of women's rights, NNW edit a new monthly under the title of Die Frau.

John H. Morrison, of Lancaster, Pa., by advertising for a wife, found, not a new one, but the one he had been divorced from 21 years earlier. _ .

Princess Maud of Wales, the youngest child of her parents, is of a very vivacious and lively disposition. She is called Harry in the family circle. The Queen is so fond of Primreses thatrplants are reared specially for her, arid a dish of the yellow flower

A corresdondent of the " Daily Chronicle," who has recently paid a visit to Miss Sprules, whose family for over a century has been engaged in the industry of lav- ender distillation at Mitcham, writes :—The process of distillation is a very interesting and somewhat primitive affair. The lavender is deftly cut by men with small saw-like scythes, then made up into sheaves, and finally rolled into " mats" into which they are secured by skewers. These mats or sacks of lavender are then brought along to the distillery, which consists of a lower floor, in which are the receiving cans for the oil and the , furnaces for heating the stills above, and an upper floor which is a raised platform of wood with a thatched roof supported by beams, in which are the stills and vats. The big iron coppers or stills are filled with the pretty delicate looking bloom by men naked to their waist,who press it down and stamp upon it till the still is tightly packed. Water is then added, thA head of the still is firmly fixed on by means of a crane, and the whole made air tight (to prevent the escape of any steam) by layers of whitening. The men then light the fires below and the vapour, passing through a pipe technically known as the" worm "is caught in a huge vat nearly full of cold water, where it gets condensed,and flows into a receiving can below as oil and water. The essential oil is thus retained, whilst the water. which is useless trickles away. In the distillation of peppermint the water is collected, as it is regarded by the poorer people of the district as a potent remedy against certain minor ailments. A large portion of the lavender oil is sent up , by Miss Sprules to the druggists for medicinal purposes, the remainder being retained for the preparation of their famous lavender water, the details of which are her own secret. During the autumn and winter, the bott- ling of the lavender water, lavender essence, and the aromatic lavender salts, is carried on in the farm par- lour. The stranger should not leave this attractive place without a stroll through the fields where the lavender and mint grow. A huge field of lavender lies a little to the east of the town, skirted on one side by a plain of yellow waving oats and on the other by a field of mauve tinted mint. Near by is a field of camomile, the white blossom of which is dried and used in the composition of various drugs.

The Royal Laundresses say Critchley's "STARCH GLOSS is unequalled for imparting a beautiful finish to starched linen, &c., either Cold or boilieg water starch. Mr. —, Corn- wall, says :—" My wife will not finish our linen without your "Starch Gloss:" From Mrs. —, Bradford I— "Dear sh .- 1 am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold at Id.. 3d., and 84., by most starch sellers. If not in stock will procure it. T. CRITCHLEY, BlACkburn. P.anarietor.—Ad7t.

Then, without being missed, they passed into the great conservatory. "I have something to say to you„ Lord Chilton," said Miss Norreys, as they passed down the flower. bordered, fragrant aisles to tho group of luxuriant palm trees that reared their plumed crests to the very top of the central dome. "I have a project on hand, and I desire your assistance and co- operation." "You have but to command me, madam," said the young viscount. "Does your project concern Miss Winter ?"

The lady sighed heavily. "No," she acknowledged wearily, "I wish to speak to you about Lord liollarkwood." Lord Chilton smiled significantly. "You wish to announce your engagement to marry him?" " No. I shall not marry him. I shall never marry," cried Miss Norreys, with passionate em- phasis. "But Lord Darkwood lia.s done a wrong which I desire to right. Listen." She told him rapidly of Mr. Barsby's mission and its result, of her belief that Cord Darkwood lived a prisoner in his own dungeons and she added— "I have planned to search these dungeons to- night secretly. Mr Sutton will take charge of the expedition. I shall go, of course. Will you accompany us ?" The viscount was amazed at her revelation, and horror-stricken at her suspicious of the present holder of the inarquisate. But lie could not refuse to join the expedition she had planned, little as a burglarious entrance to any man's premises as to his taste.

"I will go," he said gravely. "If this thing be true if Edward Lord Darkwood lives, he will owe his freedom to you, Miss Norreys. But for you he might have perished, his fate unsuspected. As for me, I beiieve him dead. Captain Tollish would not have allowed him to live, if the captain is the vil- lian you think him. May I ask the reason of your strange interest in. the marquis who has been be- lieved dead? Why have you searched out his fate with all this care and painstaking? Is it that you doubted this man who desires to marry your'

The heiress turned sharply towards him, and he saw that her mouth was strangely drawn, and a tortured expression gleamed in her eyes. "Lord Chilton," she exclaimed in a low, passion- ate voice, "these two men, cousins, both in their turn Marquises of "Darkwood since then, once cruelly and foully wronged an innocent girl. They killed her. Between them they killed her. And I, knowing her fate, swore to avenge her. Captain Tollish was the more guilty of the two. Upon his head must fall my bitterest revenge. That revenge must be the deprivation a rank, wealth, honours, luxuries. He shall be transferred into plain Captain Tollish again, with' debts and all, and my revenge upon him shall be complete." A strange light irradiated that pale olive face, and glowed in the velvety-brown eyes like fire. "My-revenue upon the other will be his release from imprisonment—his restoration to life, liberty, And all that he bolds dear. Did he but know tä whom he would owe all these, you would see that my revenge would be coals of fire upon his head." "You ..hate them both ?" asked the viscount, wonderingly. "Hate them I" How her face shone; how hard and cold it grew, like.marble. And then how suddenly her features quivered with a quick agony, and the hardness melted like snow in the sun, and a strange tender- ness and anguish mingled in her expression, only to yield to the returning coldness. "Yes, I hate them both ! They killed her— killed her I But I will avenge her." "My dear Miss Norreys— " "Pardon me, Lord Chilton, I cannot bear remon- strance. lam what I am, and nothing can change me. Ido not know why I have said so much to you. I shall complete my revenge to-night," she said, wearily. "And to-morrow I shall go away. My guests will leave to-morrow, and I shall go to London with them. I shall not return to Beech- moat. I shall offer the place for sale. When my revenge shall be accomplished my life will virtually be ended. I will assist you to find Miss Winter. I should like to witness your marriage to her, and then I shall leave England or join a sisterhood, I do not yet know which. All this in confidence, my lord. Now let us return to our friends. Remember that we must leave Beechmont upon our expedition at eleven o'clock."

They returned to the drawing-room, MissNorreys with recovered composure. They had scarcely joined the nearest group when a servant entered sad anuotuaood that a 110:01011 hauled Craft dasize4

CEIAPTEIt LXIV. NOT TILE WOMAN. Mr. Inspector Craft was standing in the morn- ing4oom in a waiting attitude When Lord Chilton entered. The detective officer was a small, sandy- haired man, with eyes keen as a ferret's, yet .of a I. peculiarly quiet and unobtrusive mien. The young viscount had never seen him, and lie was conscious of a sense of disappointment. Was this the famed detective who had unearthed a dozen celebrated mysteries, who had disentangled certain enigmas which had puzzled all England, and discovered and hunted down, despite all his precautions and dis- . guises, the principal in the noted Prior murder 'case? The inspector smiled faintly. He read the via. count's thoughts. - , "1 am Lord Chilton," said our hero, quietly. "Are you come to tell me, Mr. Inspector, that the task I have set you is toe hard? lam well aware of all the difficulties in the way. .So many years I having elapsed, it must be well-nigh impossible to discover the identity of that ill-fated woman." " I have harder tasks, my-lord," said the inspec- tor, "though I do not deny that the lapse of years made this difficult. I have completed my work. have discovered the name Of the woman who Is buried in Penistone churchyard, and I am provided with proofs of her identity." . Lord Chilton's heart seemed almost to stand still. An indefinable dread came upon him. Who was she—this mother of Gwen—the poor young creature who had perished so miserably on the Yorkshire wastes so many years ago? He was conscious of a wish that he had made no effort to discover her name. "At the coroner's inquest at the time her body was discovered," said Mr. Craft, "a complete description of her person and apparent age were recorded in the coroner's register. Also a descrip- tion of her clothing, such -as it was. I copied these descriptions at the outset. One or two 'personal peculiarities of the deceased woman greatly simplified my task. It was recorded that one joint of the first finger of her ?eft hand was absent. Also that two incisor, teeth in her upper jaw were missing. Also that her collar-bone had once been broken, and that, probably through lack of care at the period of its fracture,. there remained and was seen upon her person a protuberance as of the end of a broken bone. With this data I set to work." "Every person has some personal peculiarity. Nearly every person has lost teeth: The marks appear to have been too trifling to assist in identifi- cation." " Nothing is too trifling for the consideration of men in my line of business, my lord. A straw is sufficient to show which way the wind blows.. It is not necessary that I should describe to you my mode of operation. I have, of course' many re- sources and aids known only to myself. You desire to know the result of my work, not the manner in which the work was accomplished," said the detec- tive officer. "I will say, however, that I adver- tised freely throughout the kingdom. I searched the files of old newspapers, old police records— everything that could possibly aseist me. And it was through an old newspaper that I obtained a clue to the mystery." ' " How so "In an old Manchester newspaper, bearing date February 3rd, 1857,1 found an advertisement; but here is the newspaper. Read the notice for your- self, my lord." . The detective handed to Lord Chilton itn ancient newspaper, yellowed by time, and slightly defaced with use. A notice in an advertising column, outlined by pencil marks, had been folded in plain view. Lord Chilton took the paper and read as fol- lows : "ilO REWAR.D.—For information leading to the discovery of Mary Graham' ' wife of Adelbert Gra- ham of Manchester, who left her home January 27th. Is supposed to have set out on foot for Don- caster, where she had relatives. Was suffering from aberration of mind. Said Mary Graham was eighteen years of age, tall, slim, with black hair and eyes, flighty in her manner, violent in her temper. Wore an old silk gown, Paisley shawl, and straw hat trimmed with black velvet. Had lost two front teeth in upper jaw, and lisped in her speech. liad lost one joint to first finger of left hand. Any information leading to her recovery will be gratefully received and paid for by her afflicted litaand, No. 9, Dovewell-street, Man- chester." The young viscount was startled at the coinci- dence of this description with that of the woman who had been found 'upon the Lone Moor. "After, finding that advertisement, I made a search • for Adelbert Graham," said the inspector. "I found him still in Manchester, a baker by trade, .married to a buxom woman, and father to several children. He had believed his first wife to be dead, and had married again ten years ago; but still he was haunted by the fear that the first wife might still be living, and that she might turn up some day and ruin his happiness for ever, lie is devoted to his present family, and that fear of his first wife was like a constant nightmare to him. When I told him my errand, he welcomed me as a brother. I left him in a perfect transport of delight, the happiest man in England !" He believed that woman, thew, to be his wife ?" "1 proved her to be such," replied the detective. "This Adelbert Graham was born and brought up in Manchester. In visiting Doncaster on business he saW and fell in love with a pretty young girl, whom he soon after married. The girl had long been subject to fits. After her marriage she became moody, suspicious, and violent. Her mind" became utterly deranged. In a fit of anger against her husband, she left her home, and he never saw her again. He searched almshouses and hospitals, he went to Doncaster, but he found no trace of her. After a few years he made up his mind that she was dead, and contracted his second marriage; but afterwards, when the children began to come, he grew terrified lest the first wife should be still living, and should come to claim her rights. I took his sworn statement in regard to Mary Graham. I went to Dnneaster, found her relatives, and took their sworn statement; and to be brief, my lord, I have fully proved the occupant of that grave marked ' Magdalen ' in Peuistone churchyard to be the wife of Adelbert Graham." Lord Chilton sat silent, his face very grave. Had he discovered Gwen's origin at last. Her mother had been subjects' to. fits, and her father was a baker in Manchester with a large family ! But sud- denly his face brightened. "You are mistaken, inspector ?" he exclaimed. "This Mary Graham left her home in Jane:lcy, 1857. The woman who perished on the moor came to Lonemoor in November, 1856, and then left Lonemoor just one month later. You see that you are mistaken I" "Not so, my lord?" "But the woman gave birth to a child in Lone. moor in November !" "Not this woman, my lord. There were two women," said the inspector. "One woman come to Lonemoor, gave birth to a child as you say, and disappeared a month later; but she was not the woman whose body was found on the moor." "Not the same woman !" " By no means, my lord !" "Then where is she 1" "That you did not employ me to search out," said Mr. Craft. "I don't know what became to her. But _one thing I do know—she got away safely in spite of the storm, the cold, and her weakness. That woman may be living yet, my lord I" The viscount aarted. The idea had never occurred to him before. "The devil takes care of his own, my lord," said the inspector. "He took carp of that girl that night; he's probably takieg care of her still. She was either a bad lot, or crazy, or both. She is probably in some almshouse or asylum. Would you wish me to find her ?" "No—no !" said Lord Chilton with a shudder. "Not at present, at least." "The body of this woman has been taken up," said Mr. 'Craft redectively. "Her husband and relatives identified the bones by the marks I have mentioned, and Mr. Graham had them removed to Manchoster only yesterday. He will pat up a suitable tablet with her real name upon it. He intends to make the fact of her death apparent to everyone beyond all doubt." The viscount was still sile-it. He had much to think of. Doubt, perplexity assailed him. "Mr. Graham and I drov'e ore: to the house at Lonemoor yesterday morning," continued Mr. Craft. " Sgaire Markham had just left home the night previous for London' on his way to the Con- ;.inCrit. £èL'VAL SLiSL Nu saw tholdkausse

THREE FORTTItTATE WOMEN.

We will introduce you to the oldest one first. Her ' name is Mrs. Jessie Russell, and shelives near the City of New York, in America. She was born in London in 178? and is therefore 105 years old. She remembers many incidents of her childhood, and still has traces of former beauty. Her eyes are bright, and become animated when she talks. She retains her mental faculties com- pletely. She descends two flights of stairs tl every mea/t• and returns without assistance. Up to three years ago she was a regula; attendant at the Greenwood Baptist Church. Her sight is excellent, and she reads the news- papers every day and takes great interest in the news from England. She has never had any severe illness in her life, and her appetite and digestion are almost as good as they were fifty years ago. The second woman says : " Ever since I was a child 1 have suffered from illness. Thirteen years ago a tired,. languid, and heavy feeling came over me. The whites of my eyes became tinged with yellow, my skin was sallow, and my hands and feet were cold and clammy. My mouth tasted badly, especially in the morning, and I was often sick, vomiting a sour, frothy fluid. I had a pain in the chest and bides, heartburn, and flatulency. For four years I suffered like this, and I shall be glad to recommend the medicine that finally cured me.". (Signed) (Mrs.) FaatacKs EMILY SMITH, 49e, Wocdhouse- street, Leeds, Jauuary 25th, 1892.

The third woman says : " I have been delicate all Day life. For the past six years I have always felt tired, languid, and weak. I had a poor appetite, a blci taste In the mouth, and pain after every morsel I ate. I waa dizzy, and otten felt as if I was going to fall. I always felt sick, and would retch and strain, but could bring nothing up. There was a dull pain at the right side and a dreacful pain between the shoulders. I never knew what it was to be well. After being on my feet for a time my legs would swell very much. No doctor was able to help me, nor any medicine; that is, up to the time I took the one which gave me my health back. / never felt so well ia my life as I do now." (Signed) (Mrs.) SARAH SHARMAN, Glinton, near Market Deeping• February 19th, 1892.

Why do we put these three women in a group—the one venerable woman in America and the two others here in England? They are perfect strangera to one another and always will be. We do it to show how long and happily a woman may live if she only happens to escape the malady that everywhere threatens her sex ; and also to show that those who have been burdened and cursed with it may be cured and once ,more taste the joys of health.

Mrs. Smith concludes her letter in these wordS "After taking three bottles of Mother Seigel's Curatiiee Syrup all pain and sickness left me, and I knew nomore of the ailment that had troubled me so long, indigestion and d 3 spepeia. I know others who have been benefited by the Syrup. AU sufferers should use it. Mrs. Sharman adds that after she had doctored and doctored and taken everything almost without getting any good from it. Mr. Webstes, a grocer of Minton, said," Why don't you use Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup ?" She acted on his suggestion, and health wasn't long in coming. "I cannot speak too highly of Seigel's Syrup," she says. We sheuld agree with her in that opinion, for a remedy that will in a few weeks put an end to a case of chronic indigestion and dyspepsia is certainly worth a good Iv( ra or two.

Now here you have these three Englishwomen—oce so fortunate as to have lived more than a century with- out an illness ; the others (still more foetu)zate) have known the sadness of suffering and the pleasure of re-- covery. Oh, my ! oh my, how hard it is to tell who is best of in this queer world,

. TFPH thc trne,l) at eirLici.l( tooth-wash,

- mda‘Z-0:110-10s:Ndi /Test the progre, lecay,harden thep,r, and Impart a dehghl fragrance to Cie brea!4

)11 ..,7 • - . 4., • 7.,.. . .... ... 1,. -c I .. - 110 / •„bt., i....;;" g . It . ,\., • , 1. NI .

"<' * kkVI / t i h. 1\ , , \ \ 1. /r -11 l k 1,.N or /14)3 iiS / lillit \ 'l7 ilr're'riyi ' \l't , ,

ER' CARTER'S LITTLE Vol LIVER PCS. -1Z3,41 'S Small Pill rah.. BEAUTIFUL Small 4,„ ensored by tt D • 11112 use of that OSO .% pi (I aromatic tooth ,nd Small in 4,1-Igpyll oh, Price - Q n ai Forty in a ial Sugar Coated which ts Purely Vegetable arrest • Cure Torpid Liver deaa Without Fail ' nd Cherwsta lid.

'4=l‘

. ICCto t,c .k:I4C/aiSt.s

4 41 ', if : ,te

===== 0002601_18930909_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER

lay DEAREST NELLIE,

It would appear that large hats are to be super- seded by small ones, and that the toque and the tiny bonnet are to share the favour of the modish multitude. Such a pretty little toque did I Bee recently. It was a square shape made of chip straw, across the front was a huge bow with a choux of pale rose pink in the centre and two jet pins and an osprey, and at the baok was a group of black roses. Some pretty Inidesmaids' hats had black lace brims edged with a silver and light blue trimming, the crowns being made entirely of this trimming and decked with a wreath of yellow roses brought beneath the brim to rest on the hair at one side. Another pretty hat was of white chip, plateau shape, trimmed with pink audyellow roses and a large bow of green ribbon.

A "fled Riding Hood" costume for a mite of two to tour years is in scarleta faced cloth and is prepared for autumn wear. The shape is exceedingly simple, and is cut almost in "smock" pattern, the trimming consisting of bands of black watered silk ribbon brought from the shoulder seams and fastened over the chest in a rosette. Two bands of the same ribbon orna- ment either sleeve, and the costume is completed with a bonnet of the same cloth, trimmed and tied with the watered silk. This mantle would copy well in holland.

In making washing dresses, especially those of lawn or gingham, that shrink so badly in the first and second washings, allow for a tuck in the skirt, and when it is finished put an inch and a half tuck on the wrong aide of the hem. Cut the waist to allow for seams one inch larger than usual on shoulder and under the arm. Do not stitch these seams, but sew securely by hand to give the proper fit; then machine-stitch them half an inch nearer the edge of the seam. Make the sleeves one inch longer than usual. Sew on the facing and turn the sleeve up the extra length, turning the facing under correspondingly. Make the belt one inch longer, turning in half the extra length at each end. In putting in the sleeve, lay a half-inch plait where it joins the under-arm seam, and have the gathers quite full on top. When ready for the wash, take out the temporary tucks and after- wards it will be found to be in proper proportion, and no one will be the wiser for the letting-out process. If the skirt is finished with one or more ruffles, take the tuck on the wrong side just above the ruffle, so that the heading will hide the seam.

. • ',,-.' 1 1 , V.-, 'Via I:Th -,1 /4/ • ,cc -2, '

===== 0002601_18930909_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1893. DARKWOOD.

Is always a prominent deature of her private apartments. .

At least two-thirds of the women of position who are bitten with the betting craze put the money on, it is said through the meal= of certain fashionable West-end hairdressers.

Princess .Victoria of Schleswig-Holstein has become president of.theGuild of the Good Samaritan, a society whose members make and collect useful garments for the children of the poor. Patti has been so pestered by the begging letter writer that she no longer opens the envelopes directed to,her unless the writing by a friendly familiar one, the work is relegated to her maid. Sliss Ellen Terry takes copious explanatory notes for her parts, especially when- they.are in any way histori- cal characters. When studying Cortfelia in" King Lear" she read over 300 books on the subject. Carmen Sylva, the Queentlf Roumania, was staying, when a girl, in Berlin, and coming downstairs hastily. fell into the arms of Prince Charles of Hohenzellernt This was her first meeting with her future husband. bliss Lucille Rodney is famous for her marvellous pedestrian feats. She Inas just completed the journey from Galveston to Chicago on foot for a wage of £I,OOO. an average she did 23 miles a day, gnd used up eight pairs of boots. ni he lady who has the honour to be Count TolstoPs wi e and secretary cannot find life a particularly rosy a ir. He writes on scraps of paper, which she has to col ect and arrange. His handwriting is an almost u ecipherable scrawl. He is in too much of a hurry to complete his words and sentences. It is her pleasing task to complete them for him. Apropos of the generosity of the ex-Empress Eugenie, Itlid following story is told :—One morning at breakfast a general related to the Emperor the misfortunes of a 1 brother officer, who, " because he had not 15,000 f., must be dishonoured." The Empress flew to her room, and, returning with a package of bank-notes, said, " Take them, general, and never tell me his name." Even now she does not know the name of the man she befriended.

Children, especially in America, have taken out a num- ber of profitable patents. The youngest inventor on record is Donald Murray Murphy, of St. John, Canado, who at six years of age obtained from the United State; exclusive right in a sounding toy. Mabel Howard of Washington, at eleven yearsinvented an ingenious game for her invalid brother, and got a patent for it. Arthur G. Smith, of Illinois, at twelve years, patented a rowing apparatus

===== 0002601_18930909_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
To Clean Old Bed Ticks.

Wash the bed-tick, previously shaking well free of Huff and small feathersokc. Rinse in plenty cf cold water, in which a teaspoonful of permangante of potash has been dissolved. If there are any stains take them out with a weak solution of chloride of lime and water, or powdered starch and water made intoa thin paste and laid on the stains, and brushed off when dry. When the bed-tick is thoroughly dry and aired, wax the Inside by rubbing well with a piece of beeswax to prevent the feathers working through.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
Sweet .Ripe Tomatoes Pickles.

Choose for this small pear yellow tomatoes, or small, round, smooth red tomatoes. Do not peel, but prick the skins all over with a line needle. To 7lbs. of the toma- toes take 3lbs. vf white sugar, one quart of vinegar, one teaspoonful of salt, one teaspoonful of allspice, one tablespoonful of ginger, one tablespoonful of cloves, one of mace one of cassia buds, and two of mustard seed, and liall a dozen pepper-corns Put the vinegar and sugar together over the fire, boil and skim thoroughly, then put in the fruit. Put the spices, which should be all unground„ into a muslin bag, and put them on the top of the tomatoes. Simmer all very slowly until the tomatoes are .quite soft, then take from the fire, and cool and put away. It has been my custom for years to cook all toinatoe pickles in stone jars and set them in the preserve closet in those same jars.

Light FlakV Pastry. There is an art in making light pastry, as in every- thing else. Some people are what is called " heavy- headed," and can never make goad pastry, while to others the gift seems a natural one. Still, much can be done by practice. The following is a special method : Take a pound of the best flour, rub it through a sieve, place it a little distance from the fire for a short time to get thoroughly dry ; then rub in the half of three- quarters of a pound of butter and the juice of half a lemon, mix it lightly up together with a little water. Roll it out as thin as a crown piece, put a layer of butter all over it, double it is four, and roll it out again ; do this twice, by which time all the butter Will be in. Then fold it up and put it down on a plate on the stones of the larder to gct cool. After this roll it out three times and it is fit for use.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SURREY LAVENDER FIELDS.

Ibojoga , TEiN Cs

TEAS,

OUR SPECIAL BLENDS AT 1/7 AND 2/- PER LB.

Delivered Free by our own Vans In Warrington, Widnea, Leigh, Atherton, Tyldealey, and

Districts.

Write for Samples and partieu!ars to

THOMAS JONES AND CO.,

LIMITED.

9, PARKER STREET,

• (--' lf)o•jor)es /se * Aea . A- `:•-•,-.--,,,,,, r.m 1. ‘v..-5, f.,...i• .•.Nls: 1Tti...7,411,,,,':: \k" ".L: I-44T, ..yi. 10. tt, 1 a • ~,,.,.....,.t,;115.---- . % uprivWl44

===== 0002601_18930909_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
A TALE OF LONEUOOR.

BY AIRE. HARRIET LEWIS. Author .of ."Her _Double_ " Old Lifel

Shadows," "Lady Kildare," etc.

CIIAPTER Lx,an. REVENGE.

By the time Mr. Barsby returned, and was shown up to Miss Norreys's bboudoir, the lady of Beech- mont had completely won over the lawyer to her .opinion, and they had fully settled upon a plan of action even to its smallest details. The bailiff was required to repeat „his story. Mr. 'Sutton cross-examined him upon every point, and a conviction that Lord Darkwood was entombed, either living or.dead, in the .dungeons beneath the castle ruins, took fall and firm possession of the lawyer. Yet, for the reasons already given, Mr. Sutton adhered to his desire that the investigation should be conducted secretly. Miss Norreys disliked the publicity of legal proceedings, and it was thought that the search could be conducted without excit- ing sensation or even notice. 'I will undertake to secure the co-operation of Lord Chilton," said Miss Norreys. " And you, Mr. Sutton, must secure the aid of the butler. I, With my friends will be at tho park entrance of the ruins as the clock strikes the hour of midnight. That is all, _I _ _

It was all. Mr. Sutton took his leave, and slowly .retterned to Dunhohn Castle, his face stern yet calm, his mind fixed in the resolve to probe this matter to some conclusion. His heart thrilled with a longing to behold again the master he had believed dead. He was full of agitation and unrest under that outward calmness, full of eagerness and_ex- citement. It seemed to him that he could never wait until midnight to know the truth, and yet a heavy gloom bung over his spirit. . "If Captain Tallish met him and did him any wrong, he surely killed him !" he thought. " Cap- tain Tollish —I cannot call him Lord Darkwood in my own mind now—is not a man to do anything in a half-way manner. If he desired to rid himself of his cousin, he would have done so decisively and effectually—by murder I If we find any trace ot our dear lord down there, it will be his grave I" He was very silent and very gloomy throughout the dinner. Lord Darkwood was still elated, how- ever, and did not notice his moodiness. His lord- ship drank more wine than usual, told more Stories, and, when the butler had departed, talked. confi- dentially over the walnuts and the wine of -Miss Norreys, her family, her fortune, and her wonder- ful beauty, declaring his love for her, and asserted that the day that made him her husband would see him the happiest man in England. Alter dinner Mr. Sutton withdrew to the library, and meditated . some plan by which he could approach the pompous old butler upon the subject in hand.

Fortune favoured his design. Lord Darkwood chanced to have.an engagement at Shrewsbury with one of the agents whom he had secretly employed to search for Gwen, and whom he did not wish seen .at the eastie, and he ordered a carriage and went upon his errand. • During his Absence Mr. Sutton went to the but- ler's pantry, found that functionary, and obtained a private interview. with him. We need not record its details, nor describe the horror and amazement 'of the old servant. ft is enough to say that he entered into the scheme with heart and soul, and undertook to obtain the keys of the ruins from their repository in the library. Meanwhile, Miss Norreys was the life of her own pleasant circle. She had never been gayer than to-night. She uttered brilliant witticisms and bon mots, she was thoughtful of. otLers, so that her lightest words could not wound: She had never seemed more radiant, yet all the while she was racked with anxieties and tortured with a profound and horrible despair. After dinner the party adjourned to the draw- ing room. .Miss Kenright took up her woollen embroidery, and Colonel 'Warburton proffered his services in holding her skeins. Sir William Ensor and Miss Mifly Kenright retreated to the grand piano. Mrs. Kenright lolled in a great chair, and began the rehearsal to Miss Ensor of some episode of her youth, in which the baronet's sister seemed greatly interested. Lord Chilton seemed left by common consent to the care of his hostess, and she took his arm and walked slowly the length of the great room several titnes. _ _

to speak with Lord Chilton. The person named Craft had been shown into the morning-room.

This was the detective officer whom Lord Chilton had commissioned .to search out the history and mystery of Gwen's parentage. He had finished his task and come with his report to his.employer. The Niscount hastened to the morning room.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
keeper who bad idtintilied Mrs. Graham's body as that of the vagrant whom she bad nursed, and we proved to her beyond all shadow of doubt that she had been mistaken. Such a scene as followed! The old woman went into a fit, and a doctor was sent for in hot haste. The butler showed symptoms of going into a fit also. He laughed and"cried like a woman, and we left him in a state of mind bor- dering on imbecility. There was some mystery in the case of that 'vagrant," concluded Mr. Craft, meditatively:. "If • I could spare the time, I'd bunt out the matter for my own satisfaction." "I :may set you the task a little later," said Lord Chilton. " At present I have other Work for you. The child who was born at Lonotoor seven years ago has grown to lovely girlhood, is known as Miss Myner, and • has been for some months employed as governesito the Lady Geor- gina Charteris, Lord Darkwood's daughter. Misr Myner has recently disappeared. I believe thai she has gone to some remote place under another name. I want to find her."

He told the whole story briefly, showed Gwen's unsigned letter, and answered the interrogatories of the inspector, who looked grave and thoughtful. " "Before engaging upon this new affair," said the. viscount, "let us settle existing amounts. You. have done your work well, Mr. Inspector. Let us hope you will succeed equally well with the new problem. • Lorcl Chilton proceeded to a writing-table, took a blank cheque from his notebook, and filled it in for an amount so generous that Mr. Inspector Craft, whose • boast it was that nothing ever astonished himi stared in actual surprise, and muttered his thanks in a bewildered sort of way. The viscount presently dismissed him, and the detective sauntered away to his quarters at the Darkwood Arms in Dunhohn village. The evening wore away slowly. Coffee was • brought in at ten o'clock. At eleven the bedroom candles were ordered, and the guests departed to their rooms—all but Lord Chilton.

Miss Norreys went to her dressing-room, and returned a few minutes later with a long black silk circular cloak round her, her dress looped up to - walking length, a hat on her head, and, oddly enough, a thick veil thrown over her hat, and so arranged that at a touch it would fall over her • face.

No cme had seen her return to the drawing-room, the hall porter having been temporarily absent from his post. _ _

"We will go out at one of these windows, my lord," said the heiress. "Myra will admit us- into the honks by a private •entrance upon our return."

'She apProachea one of the long French win4ows, opened it, and passed out upon the terrace. Lord Chilton followed her.

The night was dark, but not unpleasant. In the gloom objects could be distinctly traced at a dis- tance of several feeL

"No one knows, except Naya and Aga, that we are out," said Miss Norreys, pausing by a tall gar- den vase. "The Servants jll close the house , directly. Ali! here is Aga !" she exclaimed, as, a dark little figure approached them from the direc- tion Of the park. "1 will take him with us." "Where is Mr. I3arsby ?" "Near the small park entrance, to which I have the key. I could not take a carriage at this hour without exciting gossip in my household, and the distance to the castle—three miles—is too long to walk. Mr. Barsby has' a two-seated waggonette which he will have in waiting for us. He is' probably waiting now." Miss Norreys and Lord Chilton walked rapidly, down the wide avenue followed by Aga. They crossed' a corner of the park and passed out at the entrance the lady had designated. Mr. Barsby was in wait- ing, as expected. They entered his waggonette and drove through Dunholm village, halting in the highway at a point nearest Dunholm Castle. Here they alighted, obtained entrance into' the castle grounds through a small gate which the castle butler had left open for their use, and then slowly threaded' the park in the direction of the ruins. "Does your courage fail, Miss Norreysl" asked` the viscount. ',

She turned her pale olive face towards him, and. he saw her eyes glow through the darkness. "No V' she answered. A thousand times no I could not turn back if I would 1 My lord, if knew that death waited for me there among those grim old ruins, I would still goon! It seems as if I were driven on by some power beyond and greater than: myself. lam going to my revenge 1"

(To be continued).

===== 0002601_18930909_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
PAIN KILL

Oct a bottle to-day, PERRY DAVIS' PAIN KILLER. i.ets directly on the Seat of Pain Cures Colds,Coughs, Head sobs, ler amp and Pain in the Stomach, Colic, Diarrheas, Cholera, ezo. Bold by all Chemists &Li/110.nd 28. Avoid all Imitations under misleading names. PAIN KILLER'

===== 0002601_18930909_art0022.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
gthtl( the h; that

===== 0002601_18930909_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
cc DapE tbi, tetie disti brok lay I k 4 teN trat aop ; tleto

===== 0002601_18930909_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
r , .. t 4. t ' , .. Ii i ......, , - , , , -.1 , . . ~ . II.: f, -

===== 0002601_18930909_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
INTERESTING SOUVENIR.

"Here is somf-thine. that will interest you," sail a 'gvO.U..t.lernan as he placed a lump of slaty-looking stone in that rSilveell;dtter. " A friend of mine showed me oth. this morning with as grand an air as if he were inner service. No doubt he thought lbdai d'sg oat; Du,. as great value." It was not a mad stone, nor a Ilcky stone. These are the facts as stated go Mr. Pf-ter Challis, 12 Glwthorpe Road, Waridswoith tereadd, Larnlrth, L ,rnion :—" Far seven years I suf. gravel. I was treated at St. Peter's and t'Y s ° Hospitals, and by many specialists, but obtained ::::eol.peellrefa • The doctors said my only hope was to have r„I _stone cut out from my Kidney, but they were afraid. te on me as I was in such a low state. I was ~x'ca frightful condition, enduring untold agonies, and Warillciating pain, As a last resort I began taking _totter's Safe Cure. My stomach was stronger, and I ireelTeaced to retain food from the initial use. Ira two I was able to get up for a short time every day. I, tlry had despaired of ever leaving my bed again. Now, 11!_ak God, I am as well as any man could wish to beA. h'sve resumed my work as fireman on the L. &S.W. ./c(e. ,The stone has passed out of my kidneys, and I 15 it as a souvenir."

WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL.

--- tbaHnonthly meeting of this Council was held at kit Town Hall on Tuesday evening. Alderman 1( " in the abaence of the Mayor and Deputy- (;o4.Y") took the chair, and there were also present b. ancillors J. Shaw-Green, IL T. Fairclough, ton 13, ,1114 ~ iumpton, Garner, Muir, Greening, Ashton, te W, Wilkinson, Dixon, H. Roberts, Hutchinson, Isvasteen, Bonnell, !I di, Dixon, Tinsley; Messrs. J. kW° Whittle (town clerk); T. Longdin (borough T.Vri'3.°l.); and Fairhurst (borough treasurer). --"'E THEATRE ROYAL.—THE LICENSE AGAIN Th REFUSED. °Watch Committee recommended that a license be fos3e°l to Messrs. William Johnson and Joseph Potter 803t1 e Performance of stage plays in the Theatre Royal, TOrld-road, for 12 months, from the Bth June. Caraimalai in moving the confirmation of the aohns'es, said that he had it. letter, signed by Messrs. tech °° and Potter, as follows:—"Dear Sir,—ln con- the otpla with our application for a dramatic license for tsau'eratre Royal, we may say that we have no inter-1- )14,110r (since our first fortnight's experience there) lice,? We ever had the intention of applying for an excise arkisse during the ensuing twelve months. This decision MeaaceMe to in conjunction with our partners, the the 11. Milton, long before we heard of the opposition of doge teroPerance partv.—Yours faithfully, Walden cee°N, JOSEPH POTTER." ! 141,elites. OBeiller fleaaoN seconded the passing of the nneillor ROBERTS said he was perfectly satisfied ie"4l the letter from Messrs. Johnson and Potter so far teeoisnt, out he thought it was a great pity that the gtkra.l".,`o2l did not state specifically that the license was rara j."%with that reservation attached to it. With re- eotie nimself he might say that the absence of the sa beeation had caused him to trsvel 200 miles that day ao aPsesent at that meeting. He didn't wish to move , 'that'",etidrnent if the committee would undertake that lagaterthpuld be done, so that the matter would be put in lass '°llll. If that promise was given lie would not The 4,11 Y amendment. %Ili ses`-'llatasaaat said the letter was read at the meeting Dose sr.ea also read at the meeting of the General Pur- tefaass's°mtnittee last Monday. The applicants positively `oatian,o attach any condition in writing to their appli- aria: mr the license, but at the same time they gave raai: °ranee that they would not, and never intended,to raja:sally application for an excise license. The coin- Were satisfied with it, and thought it answered all fors;:111, requirements and all the objections brought letter s_r". He thought, they might, perhaps, attach the couso the license. !hoes PeillOr ROBERTS said that would not be worth the thi, "t was written on. He wanted them to be put in a‘position—that the Council should be in a position aae'enever these people came, or anyone else, for a dist-Wal of such license, that they should be able to say areiltectly, " We will not grant it, because you have lisessee faith with us before." Therefore, why should hnso tay,rBa Jon and Potter dictate to that Council luld 'Ye will not do this or that" ? They were asking had rat the hands of the Council, which the Council teseabsolute power to refuse, or, if it did not wish to gra:et:to modify, He objected to being put, as the aata s'O'l of a favor,u in the position which Messrs. J(thn- tlet,;;Rt Potter wished to r ut them in, and it would be eearfitait°rY to the dignity of the council to agree to the Were clsl of thinas suggested by the letter. The licensees aphlow,illing to send a letter -giving a promise not to thiPb an excise license, but they, acting 9r? behalf of !le lie, had a might to say that the condition should !tSeit-"OoPart and parcel of the granting of the license It tre Ile did not wish to move an amendment, and if the Was Inade a part of the condition of the granting of TOense, lie had not another word to say. V,,,„e CRAIRMAN did not see haw they could do that. did •'tleillOr ROBERTS : You have done it before. You We last year, and it has been done within the last few obta-e M Burnley, •And the sanction of the Rome Office Tillried to the procedufe. laths!. TOWN CLERK said Councillor Robert's remarks suggest that his advice tendered to the `aouncil on the last occasion was not correct. He reason to change the opinion he formerly tiOn-`33ed• It was strictly illegal to attach any condi- - to th . . - t,„_ . e license. . ttrzsi;:iseueellolirceSntlsAeW. GREEN : It is not illegal for us to Co TOWN CLERK : Certainly not. thiltt, ItOillOr SHAW-GREEN : Then if we grant we can It tas j',..ith any condition we please. If they don't keep atott,' nave a broken faith, and we shall not renew on Theer occasion. Irass 1."14 CLERK : You cannot refuse to renew the , Ili_ atic license on the ground that a person has ap- "el for " Cou an excise license. Rhethacillor Susw-GREEN : We have the right to say ' Con,ser We think faith has been kept or not. liti ,;;."e!lior RE (TON did not see why the Council should - tlia t;"„or Its way to make laws that were not legal. He - I:ltays;," Bee why the members of the Council should en- olaalt —aot with people that have a lawful application to squeeze them between their fingers and thumb. no party t beputting that restriction on the Cen,e.o ". Iteeell.ncillor MUIR said that if Messrs. Johnson and Potter did sill order in giving them the assurance that they • thiwit:l°,t, intend to take out an excise license, he did not 59 could go further in the matter. 1 ,a tanee.ialh`lfiltlwrtoml'l ai the Council that if the applicants did not tore ,0 IlAve . °Q, cßsion to say" We don't believe anything you : e0;411, and we shall refuse the license altogether.', P:krt tesilion ROBERTS : Do you refuse to have it made Parcel of the condition of the granting of the : The f‘rlll ' ',The 'I,AIRMAN : I don't see how we can. es-,;°n7N CLERK : It is quite beyond the power of t, tile ra".'t.ncil to attach such a condition to the license in of the fact that the applicants refused to ac- alter a license with a condition attached to it. The only the hnsative is that tho Council must altogether refuse c --ense. til4ncillor ROBERTS said he should move an amendment the 3,.alle.minutes pass with the exception of the one of 1 ' • the 4 ',gust' relating to the Theatre Royal. Ile paid : aktratest respect to the opinion of the Town Clerk, . ,Leight s might appeal to his career in that Council for .. O, 4(I a Years in support of that statement. The Council ' .4 8,7°11e, Under the advice of the late Town Clerk, what . tha -ggesteu should be dore then. Further than that, t keeti Sty Point had been r:ise I in Burnley since the last `What r:.g of the Town Council, and lie happened to know ,there 294 been going on there. He believed the advice li;. „qatl ailven was exactly the same as the Town Clerk tiadj'een there that night, but the committee which .IPpftie matter in hand refused to accept the advice and --,1e,(1, to the Home Office, and the Home Office had ' totikttl",Y stated that the Watch. Committee of 13urcalsy ' Sstri grant a theatrical license with a condition a tta , he d, ' tilat it''s seservath)n of an excise license. And acting on oath rintruction a theatrical license had been granted 4latrikn legal f reservation. That was the highest egal , trleot-Z of the country outside the Courts. His amend- ' Ilepto,:vas not with the object of refusing the license for the Doixotztih'lt.saca:iocn f e oifstage plays, but in order that they might , thei -=triselves legally right, and in a position to defend anything arose afterwards. He had 1 1ayei„,..._4(1 informs tion from other places. The justices of who still grant these theatrical licenses—the fti --ell havin. 'relegated back to the justices the power o. pre.._ ~, ... Etailte...,''enee to utilizing it themselves—had recently i roe,. u theatrical licenses with the same reservation. I.l(!tilif:rei 11)ling, that the condition could be set at naught While he was quite satisfied with the Town 'atifo- "elders of the license if it were obtained, he was kipt lied that if any licensee acted in such a foolish man- `eat :PIN be the last time he would get a license from Cstio"rem any other Council. 40t illor GaavNixo was sorry the chairman could legality of affixing the letter to the agree- Personally was opposed strongly to the grant- ,..ossau 'lle license as it stood on the minutes, simply aeitns.,e they had power to apply for an excise license. s'eatr-sW Pomething of the people who went to the ,omriaiti'' and he should do all he could to prevent a Komi, hg license being given. Ile did not see why olvishee• Johnson and Potter could not conform to the voon'snflGt onlv of the Watch Committee but of the /thate," of War;ington. Surely they had a right to say Coo-as beat. He seconded the amendment. thsoliteillor R. T.FAIRCIOIOGII suggested that they allow 'Whaeltter to go on for twelve months 'and in the mean- cou...et. them have the question settled. !Ito opuellior BEAnt.teT said that two years ago they had ;either three theatrical licenses in the town, and at D„'ace was liquor sold ; hut no sooner did they ~,014.,,'• license to Messrs. Johnson and Potter to the liesaL' Theatre than they took full advantage of the ~t,lle ra„4) get the excise license. Flo contended that in watt --e or their decision at a previous Council meeting, Dart naNlication loo' .c scl to him a little bit cheeky on the \ eettait'iMessts. Johnson and Potter. He should, most --Y, after what wasi said of the character of the

place at the last meeting, and the entertainment pro- vided in Scotland-road, oppose not only the excise license, but the theatrical license. Councillor SIIAW said, as the mover of the amendment at the last Council meeting, with regard to this license for the Scotland-road theatre, he felt it his bounden ' duty to support Councillor Roberts' amendment. (Hear, hear.) He had heard the Chairman read the letter from Messrs. Johnson and Potter. Surely if they had the audacity to send the Council a letter saying that they would not sell these drinks on the premises,, why should 1 they not enter into an engagement, and say they would accept one without the other. The amendment was then read as follows :—"That the minutes be confirmed with the exception of the re- solution of the 3rd August which refers to the granting lif a license to Messrs. Johnson and Potter for the per- formance of stage plays at the Theatre Royal in Scot- land-road." The voting was as follows : For the amendment— Against the amendment— Councillor Tinsley Alderman Sutton „ Greening Councillor liutchinson. ft Roberts I ~ Fairclough. 5 t Plumpton, tf Hilt Garner If Ashton, f f Wilkinson 1 ~. Heaton f f Green ft Beaman Itonnell „ Flood I 9 t Shaw 9 V Dixon The C2FAIRILAN.—TweIve for the amendment and !six against it. The amendment is carried. The minutes were then put and agreed to, with the exception named.

FINANCE COMMITTEE.. This Committee recommended the adoption, of the tender of Chatwood's Patent Safe and Lock Company Ltd., for a safe for the office of the rate collectors,. at £35. The confirmation of the minutes was moved by Councillor Slum GREEN, seconded by Councillor TitisLEY. Councillor SHAW before the minutes were passed,referred • to the resolution that in future the auditors be paid accord- ing to statute. He thought it rather strange being proposed by the vice-chairman of the Finance Committee, who some time ago was in the field for the position of audi- tor for the borough. He felt sure that this resolution could not have been brought forward and sent to the Council that night to be passed unless there had been some feeling other than pleasant in the mind of Mr. Shaw Green ("nonsense.") He did not see why they should alter the position of the auditors until the time arrived when a public auditor should be appointed. He would more an amendment that the minutes of the Finance Committee be passed with the exception of the resolution in question. Councillor DixoN seconded the amendment.. Councillor SHAW GREEN in answer to Councillor Srakw said the Cou.ncil some months ago passed a resolution that the auditors be pail a certain amount. The amount had been paid to them in pretty even sums, though he regretted to say that he read something of Councillor Muir saying that he had had no part. Councillor Mum I said nothing of the sort. I Was— The CHAIRMAN : Councillor Shaw Green is speaking. Councillor Mum t I thought he had finished. Councillor SHAW' GREEN (continuing) The sum ar- ranged to be paid to the elective auditors was £75. The sum could not be legally made up in the way in which it was introduced, and no member of the Committee wi,hed to be surcharged for making an illegal pay- ment. Councillor Muse did not know whether it was with any vindictive spirit that Councillor Shaw Green turned round and grinned at him. (Laughter.) He had only to tell Councillor Shaw Green that he had also no feel- ing in the matter. He was rather pleased that the Finance Committee had come to such a wise conclu- sion. . . .

The CHAIRMAN thought that the wording of the reso- lution should recommend it. As long as the auditors were paid according to statute, they could not get wrong. Councillor SHAW eventually withdrew his amendment and the minutes of the Committee were passed unani- mously.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0026.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
as

===== 0002601_18930909_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18930909_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
STREET IMPROVEMENT COMMITTEE.

The CHAIRMAN proposed the adoption of this Commit- tee's minutes, which were published in last week's "Examiner."—Councillor Mum seconded.—Councillor DIXON drew attention to the fact that there was no light on one side of the Post Office. Near the Post Office at night, it was so darlrthat people could scarcely see. The minutes as amended were passed unanimously.

HEALTH COMMITTEE. This Committee contained the following resolution, " that Ralph Norman, John Church, and James Powell be respectively appointed Inspectors of Provisions under and for the purposes of the Town's Improvement Clauses Arts and the Warrington Improvement and Market Act, 1854. The CHAIRMAN in proposing the adoption of the minutes of this committee gave a report of his visit to the recent congress on health and sanitary matters, held at Edinburgh. He also drew attention to the valuable information contained in the annual report for 1891-2, of the medical officer of health. Be said that they had now got entirely rid of the smallpox. They had not a single cafe in the hospital and to their knowledge there was not a single case in the borough. During the past week the Union Jack had been flying on the Hope Hospital in celebration of the welcome departure ot the enemy. May they have seen the last of it !—(hear, hear)—and have no further acquaintance. They had every reason to congratulate themselves at so quickly getting rid of the disease, because whatever might be said to the contrary, and great deal had been said, there could be no doubt that, considering that they were totally unprepared for the outbreak, it was entirely owing to the efforts of the Health Committee, the medical officer of health and his son, and the other medical men of the town, that the disease had been con- quered in the space of about 13 months from the time it made its appearance. He would now give an example of the inconsistency of some people. Notwithstanding the outbreak of smallpox, and scarlet fever, the death rate in the borough in the year ending December 31, 1892, was only 221 per thousand, which was a very satisfactory average. Although the public got se excited with regard to the smallpox, that was the condition last year. What was the present condition of the borough. During the present quarter, extending so far fora period of nine weeks, the death rate had been equal to 35 per thousand, and 18 per thousand of that had resulted from diarrhcea. Durine, these nine weeks there had been 167 deaths from diarrhosa,and yet there had not been a single complaint from anybody. He was glad to say that diarrhoea was abating. All the nurses had been discharged from the Hope Hospital, and there was now only the caretaker and his wife left. With regard to keeping it on, no definite decision had been arrived at, but it would be better to maintain it to provide for any further cases which might breakout or were likely to be imported frosts some other town. Councillor FLOOD seconded the adoption of the minutes. Councillor PLIMPTON called the attention of the Com- mittee to the great nuisance of Sankey Brook. Since the last extension of the borough, the boundary includes a portion of the brook. There was a great amount of building near the brook in Wellfield-street, and for the past few weeks, the stench from it had been simply unbearable. He had experienced it in his own house. He hoped that the Committee would pay some attention to the matter. Councillor BEAMAN referring to the recent congress said that he had learned something by attending it. He then gave a detailed and exhaustive account of the various contrivances for sewerage and distinctions. He was glad that the Hope Hospital was free, but they had now the alarming news from the East coast that cholera had invaded the shores of England, and it behoved the sanitary authorities of this town to take all measures to keep that foul enemy from our midst. Councillor HILL said that they had had an elaborate report of the visitation to the congress, but what about the expense? He would like to know the cost of the deputation. He f-und that there were a number of houses marked on the minutes as unfit for habitation. He thought that the medical officer or some one ought to , tell the people who owned these houses, what was re- ' quired to be done so that they could be put into a sanitary condition. The owners ought not Co be under persecution. 'The CHAIRMAN said that every information necessary was given to property owners. Councillor ROBERTS would like to contradict most emphatically the idea of any persecu-i tion to any owners of property. There were many members who themselves were property owners, and they were determined that there should never be any persecution. The Committee would be very glad indeed to save any owner any unnecessary I expense. There wete cases in the list some of great hardship. One case was that of some property which belongs to a widow with only a life interest, and it was a: matter of extreme difficulty to know how to act in an equitable spirit. They weredesirious of acting in the most generous possible spirit, but they had also to look after the people who lived in the houses. The remarks of sCuogugneesitlelodr Bi ne a mh ls an,n ICiOnndeetrhnei n gq u theest ivo ni s tasat wofh ethcholerae ri t would be wise to employ some of the men at present un- employed through causes with which they had nothing to do, the men being out of work indirectly through the coal stoppage. It might be wise to employ some of them to clean out the back passages and areas which might be the means of preventing any outbreak of cholera in Warrington. Any expenditure just now in extra cleansing would be money well spent. Councillor SHAW drew attention to a number of the houses which it was said were unfit for human habitation particularly to Aikin-street, Back Aikin-street, Stam- ford-street, and Baxter's Yard. Ile would like to know whether cases were brought under the notice of the medical officer of health, or did he report them himself. The Chairman said that it wee the duty of the medical officer to report any dwelling which in his opinion was unfit for human habitation. Dr. Gornall was acting , according to instructions he had received from the Com- mittee. There was no desire on the part of the Commit- tee to injure the owners of property at all.—Councillor Slaraw wished to be informed whether Dr. Gornall visited , the property himself, or got a report brought to him by the person whom he had employed that the Corporation

===== 0002601_18930909_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
111 E EXAI%I INEP,, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 9. 1893. A LANCASHIRE MIRACLE.

should not know anything about. The man he referred to was Mr. Merefield. With regard to the property in Aikin-street, he thought Dr. tiornall was entirely wrong. It was not fair that they should take notice of More- field before the nuisance inspector,

COUTICiI•)T ROBERTS said that Mr. Morefield was appointed by the Committee at the time of the outbreak of smallpox to assist in obtaining information as to the outbreak. He had nothing to do with the report. He might say that in the case mentioned by Councillor Shaw, the Committee .had no wish to inflict any hardship that could be avoided. The landlady could appear before the committee. He would invite all property owners to come before the commit- tee if they considered themselves aggrieved. Councillor Straw again arose but the chairman said he I must stop this discussion. He could not allow it. The TOWN CLERK in answer to Councillor Plumpton's question with regard to Sankeybreok,said that in a recent bill of St. Helens corporation a clause had been inserted by which the sewage was to be destroyed and he hoped that by this means, Sankey Brook would be in a a better. condition shortly. After further discussion, the minutes of the committee were passed unanimously. SANITARY COMMITTEE. . The minutes of this Committee, which recommended that the following tenders be accepted : G:. Venn and Sons, for 38 pairs of leggings at Os. 6d. each; John Chor- leyefor 60 gross of nuts and bolts, 20 gallons of nests- foot oil, at 3s. 7d. per gallon ; Win. Coates for 38: blue woollen slops at 7s. 10d each, were passed without com- ment on the motion of Councillor Beaman, seconded by Councillor Greening. PAYING AND SEWERAGE COMMITTEE. COG/MINOT HEATON moved and Councillor Hutchinson seconded the adoption of this Committee's minutes, which contained the following tenders of Mr. Richard Abel for the supply of 500 tons of breakers for macadam at 53. 7d. per ton, delivered at Bank Quay, and the ten- der of the Warrington Slate Company, Limited, for 500 tons of breakers delivered in the Howley Yard, at ffs. 10ii per ton ; that the tenders for the forming and paving of the following streets be accepted William Heaton, for Hamilton-st. at £213.; F. J. Bennie, for Earnest-st., at £2lB 18s. In answer to Councillor &Law, Councillor HEATON said that Cockliedge-lane would be paved as soon as possible. The minutes were passed. SCHOOL ATTENDANCE COMMITTEE.—PREVALENCS OF TRUANTING. The adoption of these minutes were proposed by Councillor Shaw Green. He said there was a large amount of truanting in the town,, and it seemed to him that the boys of the present day were less amenable to the discipline of their parents than when he was a boy.— Faeents were brought before the Committee who say " that they could not send their children to school. The Committee felt very strongly how important it would be to have a truant school, where the boys could be sent two or three months, and then return home. They had 24 boys in St. Anne's School,. Liverpool, which were costing the borough between £lBO and £2OO a year. There were 34 on the " Clio," who cost less than £5O. This showed how careful they had to be to keep down the cost, and showed the need of a truant school in connec- tion with other towns in this neighbourhood. They were very near the time when there would not be room for the boys and girls in the day schools now existing. There was an average attendance of 9,000,aud there was school accommodation for 11,800 children. Very soon more voluntary accommodation must be provided, or else they wonld be compelled to apply for a school board. Except for the cost he would rather like the latter, but he would not like the town to be at the expense • of building a board school. councillor PLUMFTON seconded the adoption of the minutes. He gave details of the visit of the deputation to the " Clio." He did not think the expense was thrown away. He thought that the subscription to it should be increased, as Father Nugent's school cost so much. Councillor GuesNiNetalso thought the subscription to the "Clio" should be increased. Councillor FLOOD said that the blame for the truant. ing was to a great extent due to the school managers. He knew of one school in particular where they fre- quently sent back the children because they had no school money. (Councillor Greening : "Name.") He thought that something should be doneby the Committee to enable children to attend school free until such times that pros- perity came to enable them to pay. Councillor GREENING. as a manager of a school ob- jected to the statement being made that children were sent back, unless-Abe name was also given. Councillor R. T: FAIRCLOUGLI thought that the magis- trates were not strict enough with the parents- when they came before them. Councillor HHA.TON ntxt spoke of the good appearance and character of the Warrington boys on the " COUBCiIIOT ROBERTS thought that the comparison between the cost of the children at Liverpool and at the "Clio" was hardly fair without a little explanation. The managers of the school at Liverpool made a charge per head of about 33.0 r 4s. per week, including maintenance, education, and clothing. If the managers of the "Clio" were not sufficiently business men to make a proper charge, he did not see why the committee should do it. With regard to Councillor Fairclough's complaint about the magistrates, Councillor Roberts saidithat unfortu- nately legislation would not allow the lads to be thrashed, and they got scot free. It was, out of the power of the magistrates to order their, chastisement, and the only course was to punish the parents. It went I very much against his desire to take out of the miser- able earnings of these people fines of 2s. 6d. and ss. They ought to Americanise the schools. They would have less trouble. Councillor SEAMAN was of opinion that the managers of schools were responsible for a good deal of the truant- ing. The CHAIRMAN said that the remarks of Councillor Faireough were hardly made out by the report of the In- spector, in which seven cases had been brought before the magistrates, fines being inflicted in six cases and one sent to the "Clio." He vevy much sympathised with Councillor Roberts. It wear very much against the grain to inflict any penalty upon the destitute people. Councillor SHAW GREEN said ehe committee did their best to persuade the children not to play truant, and help their parents. There was one school which had continually reported to them the names of children sent home because they had not got the fees. The committee did their best to look after the attendance, but there were only three officers. There were 9,000 on an aver- age, and to look properly alter this number they would at least have to double their officers. If they were to prevent the truanting they must have more power to deal with the children. If they had a truant sch.ool this would kill the insubordination of the children. If they could have compulsory free places in the sckools they would get out of the difficulty. The minutes were passed unanimously. MUSEUM, LIBRARY, ARTS, AND TECHNICAL INSTIMICTION

sos, seconded by Councillor HEATON.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
COMMITTEE.

hege minutes were moved by Councillor Roberts and seconded by Councillor Greening.—Councillor R. T. Fairelough expressed his thanks to the Committee for including music in the subjects for the technical classes. —The minutes were passed.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
-TETE CEMETERY.

From the report of the registrar to the Cemetery Com- mittee, it appeared that the interments for the past five weeks were—adults, 39 ; minors, 109; stillborn and premature, 10. Corresponding period last year—adult., 37; minors, 57 : stillborn and premature, 17. The receipts for the past five weeks were £lO6 6s. ; corres- ponding period last year, £74 18s. The adoption of these minutes was proposed by Councillor Ashton seconded by Councillor Bonnell. Councillor GREENING czAled attention to the dusty condition of the dissenting chapel in the cemetery. He hoped it would be kept in a better order in the future.— The minutes were passed. THE BATHS. The Bathkeeper reports to the Baths Committee that the income from the baths for the past four weeks was £BB 14s. 11d., and for the correspondinz perioil last year £3l 10s. 6d. Town Hall, Park, and Baths Committee recommended the tenders of Mr. John Hedgcock for the painting outs;de the baths, at £3 103., of Mr. Henry Hoult to repair the spouts, &c. at the baths, at £9, of Mr. F. J. Dell to paint &c,,the band stand, at £4 15s. 3d. of Mr. F. J. Dell for the painting and whitewashing of the Market Hall and Sheds at £234 15.. The minutes were adopted on the motion of Alderman Sutton seconded by Councillor Muir. MARKETS COMMITTEE. The Markets Committee report that the total income from all sources for the past four weeks was £431 Bs. 11d. : corresponding period last year, £439 18s. 9d. ; decrease, £8 9s. 101. Councillor flurcrtiNsoN proposed and Councillor HILL seconded the adoption of these minutes which were passed. COUNCILLOR DIXON AND TEE NEW STEAM BOILER AT THE

GAS WORKS. Councillor FAIRCLOIOII, in answer to a question of which Councillor Dixon had given notice said that the steam boiler named in the last Council summons was one of the two new boilers purchasod from Messrs. Galloway and Son, Limited, Manchester, a few days ago. He could not give instructions that all scales,rivets, and plates be preserved for the inspection of Councillor Dixon or by an expert on the action of a certain acis on the plates etc., as it was not now in the hands of the repairer.

OAS COMMITTEE. This Committee recommended the following tenders- Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Company, Limited 2,000 tons of Arley Slack ; Abram Coal Company, Lim- ited, 1,000 tons of Wigan or Arley Slack; the White- cross Company, Limited, 1,500 tons of Cannel ; and also reported that the average illuminating power of the gas for the past five weeks was equal to 18.83 candle at both work. The minutes were passed on the motion of Councillor R. T. Fairclough seconded by Councillor Heaton.

RIVERS. The minutes of this Committee which were published in last week's "Examiner" were-hdopted on the motion of Councillor R. T. FAIRCLOURII, seconded by Councillor ROBERTS.

FIRE ENOINE. This Committee's minutes of the usual routine charac- ter were adopted on the motion of Councillor HETCHIN,

===== 0002601_18930909_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
A BURY MAN'S EXPERIENCES.

(Bury "Guardian," July 29, 1893.)

Mr. Henry Filbey (as was ascertained by independent enquiry in the towri„ is a native of London, but came to reside in Bury about twenty-five years ago. He then enjoyed robust, radiant, physical health. Tall in stature and of fine physique, he enjoyed the blessings of a vig- orous constitution, until two years ago, when he com- menced to be troubled with excruciating pains in his head,, and an agonising sore throat. His appetite diminished bean alarming extent. Indeed, his throat got so bad that he almost choked at times, and it was consequently. impossible for him to take the little nourishment he did without considerable difficulty. For two months three ounces of food per day was all of which he partook. In the course of two years he lost considerably in weight,. and grew so weak that it was with the greatest difficulty he managed to get about at all. In fact, he was described as being " hardly able to orawl." If he proceeded the shert distance of about fifty yards he would use the use of his right leg and would have to stand for a time before any vitality would apparently return to it. Mr. Filbev is a well-known man in Elton, having lived at one address for the long period of a quarter of a century, and his numerous friends: noticed the terrible change which the insidious malady from which he was suffering had wrought in him. A\ doctor was called in, and he did what be could for the unferturrate man, who, however, obtained little or no relief, and hie, medical attendant said he could not do anything.more for him, but advised him to go to the Manchester Infirmary. Mr. Filbey got there after a great effort, and was carefully and thoroughly exam- ined by the doctor,who informed him that he could not do anything for him asan out-patient, nor could any other doctor,. It was during the interval elapsing between a first and second visit to the institution that Mr.Filbey had the good fortune to read in a Manchester evening paper of a remarkable cure effected by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. Mr. Fahey decided to try these pills, and the result was like magic, so beneficial were they. Within three days he found relief. Renewed hopes now took the place of despair, and he continued to take this marvellous remedy with increasing benefit. He is-now an entirely different man, and in his own forcible man- ner he describes these pills as a" grand medicine." Having .learned these facts independently, our repor— ter with a view to verification, called personally upon Mr. Henry Filbey, who resides at 39, Baker-st., Elton. , That gentleman himself opened the door and gave our representative a cheery greeting. Mr. Filbey was so. enthusiastic in his praise of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills that it was almost unnecessary to ask a single question, and we give his statement as he himself gave it to us. "It is," be said, "two years since I, was first taken. illeand I was at home last year for five months,. and I have been at home again since the 3rd March of this year. The pains in my head were shocking, and I have been very nearly out of my mind. Indeed, I was so ill I was not expected to live. My throat was very bad,. and I have been almost choking. My doctor said there Was something in my throat, and the best thing I could do was to go to the Manchester Infirmary. I was vary ill and weak at the time, and I had a job to get there'. I, however, managed to do so, and the doctor examined me thoroughly. He agreed with my own medical ad- viser and said there was something in my throat, bathe could not possibly, he said, give maanything to do me any good, nor could any doctor that he knew of. That was, be could not do me any good as an out-patient. Ile told me I had better make up my mind to go inside, and he would find a bed for me. I was to go the following Wednesday. In the interval I picked up a newspaper, and saw a paragraph about a man who had met with an accident and had been in a hespital for some time. At last somebody recommended to him Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, which he took, and he experienced a wonderful change in his health for the better. I said to my wife, 'I will try these pills,' and I accordingly sent to London for a hax, I took the pills and in three days felt better. The day before I was to go to the institution again, I said to my wile, 'I feel better and I think, L shall get well, but I will go and see what they say at the Infirmary.' So I went, but they had not a bed ready for me, and I eamaaway and told my wife I should keep on with the pills and would not go into the hospital. I continued to take Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, and I took the contents- of four boxes and kept on improving. In fact, I came on won- derfully well. I had heceme so weak that I could not walk fifty yards without resting. The use went out of one of my legs, and 1.) had to wait five minutes before the use returned and I could go on again. I used to weigh thirteen stone two years ago, but I lost three stone weight. I arn now gaining ground gradieelly,and am a different man altogether to what I was a short time ago. Oh !.bless you; yes. If you had seen me a couple of months. ago you would not have given three halfpence for my life, and I don't think there is any- thing but Dr. Williams' Pink Pills that has set me to rights so far. I have recommended them to several people. It is a wonderful medicine ! I feel better now than I have done for a long time. 2 can now walk a mile without feeling the effect, and the pains have left my throat and I can eat very well again." Mr. Filbey's friends also testify to the trying illness he has endured. With a desire to learn the fullest particu- lars and rezeive confirmatory testimony our reporter visited a xeighbour who had known Mr. Filbey and his family for a great number of years. It was Mrs. Parker a lady residing at 11,Baker.st.,Elton, Bury, whose state- ment speaks for itself. She said "Mr. Filbey was very ill, and I thought lie would never do any good again. lie could hardly crawl up this street, as he went along with his hands on his head. I was very sorry, and used to think many a time he would break down. I thought he would never get better. He was quite deaf' but there is a wonderful change in him. The evidence of this marvellous cure is indisputable, and however tardy the public might be in accepting statements of popular medicines, there is no getting be- hind the fact that a wonderful cure has been effected in this case, which is another tribute to the efficacy of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. 'They enjoy—and deservedly so— a fame extending to all parts of the world, and with the greatest confidence we recommend them to the public generally. After the foregoing there can be no reasonable doubt that Dr.Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People are a positive and unfailing cure for all diseases arising from an urn. poverished state of the blood, such as Anaemia, Pale and Sallow Complexion, Green Sickrrss, General Muscular Weakness,Depression of Spirits, Loss of Appetit,e,Palpita- tion of the Heart, Shortness of Breath, Pain in the Back Nervous Headache, Dizziners, Loss of Memory, Early Decay, all forms of Female Weakness, Hysteria, Paraly- sis, Locomotor Ataxy, Rheumatism and Sciatica ; also of all diseases arising from Vitiated Humours in the Blood, which cause Scrofula,Riekets.Hip-joint Diseases,Chronic Erysipelas, Consumption of the Bowels and Lungs, and that they invigorate the Blood and System when broken down by overwork, worry, diseases, excesses and indiscretion of living. These Pills are not a Purgative Medicine. They contain nothing that could injury the most delicate system. They aot directly on the blood, supplying to the latter its life-giving qualities, by assisting it to absorb oxygen, that great supporter of all organic life. In this ways the blood becoming" built up," and being supplied with its lacking constituents, becomes rich and red, nourishes the various organs, stimulating them to activity in the performance of their functions, and thus eliminating diseases from the system.

These Pills are manufactured by the Dr. William's Medicine Company, of 46, Holborn Viaduct, London, England (and of Brockville, Ontario, Canada, and Schenectady, New York), and are sold onty in boxes bearing the firm's trade mark and wrappers at 2s. 9d. a box, or six boxes for 13s. 9d. Pamphlet free by post on application. Bear in mind that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Dale People are never sold in bulk, or by the dozen or hundred, and any dealer v.4so offers substitutes in this form is trying to defraud you, and should be avoided.

Dr. Williams' Pink Pills may be had of all chemists, or direct by post from Dr, Williams' Medicine Company from the above address, The price at which these pals are sold makes a Gourse of treatment comparatively inexpensive as ee.mpared with other remedies el medioal ' treatment.

THE COAL TRADE CRISIS.

EFFECT ON THE L AND N.,W. COMPANY.

The London and North-Western Railway Company, who are suffering most severely not only from want of coal, but from diminished traffic have issued an order stating that goods inspectors, bralestnen and shanters in the running department will from Mbnday be put on short time. In certain districts the company are reduc- ing the number of their employes and curtailing by nearly one half the working hours of the remainder.

MEETING OF MINERS AT ST:. HELENS. THE BALLOT REFUSED..

• A meeting of miners was held in the Circus, North- road, Et. Helens, on Tuesday marning,the business being to consider the request of the Executive Committee of the Miners' Federation that a ballot should be taken on the questions of accepting the 2.sper, cent. reduction or some part thereof, of agreeing to arbitration, or of going to work where the masters are willing to withdraw their notice. Only bonafule employ& in collieries over eighteen years of age were admitted. About r,ogo persons were present. The men seemed in cheerful spirits, and laughed and joked good humouredly while waiting for the commencement of the prooeedings.—Mr. George Wilkinson was voted to the chairl and In opening the meeting said he hoped the battle would be fought as quietly, orderly and peaceably asit had been in the past five weeks. (Cheers.) Another thing ;,while they were in the battle, let them fight to the bitter end_ (Loud cheers.) —Mr. Thomas Glover then explained the wish of the Federation, and said the decision to take a ballot was on account of statements having been made that the leaders . of the men would not allow them. to arrange any terms with the masters. They, therefore, wished for the opinion of the men.—(A‘ voice :: "They have got it already.")—The men were unanimous in negativing the request to ballot on accepting the 25 per cent. or any reduction,.and as regarded the question of allowing any. one to go to work even at the old rate of wages only about a.doxen voted for it; and a resolution not to ballot on it was carried with cheers. A.resolution condemning the action of the guardians in refusing relief to miners and their families was unanimously carried, and it was ' decided to go in a body to the guardians' meeting on Thursday and ask how it was the guardians were not carrying out the !swathe oountry and relieving distress. Mr. Glover said he mist have a pledge that they would be orderly at the workhouse, and this was given. A letter had been received from the solicitors to the Cotham trustees stating that no meeting of miners must in future be held on Hardshaw Fields, unless permission was-dbtained from Mr. Campbell,,of Wigan. Mr. Glover said if the men were prepared to meet there on Thursday at twelve o'Clock he was also prepared,whether they were locked up or not. It was also agreed to meet the sug- gestion also made that miners, in pit garb, should join the trades demonstration at Liverpool on the 16th inst.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
WATER.

This Committee's minutes were also of a routine character, and were passed on the motion of Councillor SHAW GREEN, seconded by Councillor BEAMAN.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL PURPOSES. COMMITTEE.-THE OAS ANNUITIES.

At a meeting on the 28th August it was resolved that application be made to the Local Government Board for a provisional order to alter and amend the Warrington Corporation Gas Act. 1877, the Corporation Lighting and Improvement Act, 1879, and the Warrington Extension and Water Act, lam, so as to enable the Corporation to redeem the Warrington gas annuities by compulsory purchase at market price. The minutes were confirmed on the motion of the CHAIRMAN, seconded by Councillor SIIANT GREEN. The latter, referring to the question of securities, said they had no power to make the holders sell them. Practicallyl the debt remained the same after 15 years, and after having spent £24,000. It was time that they dealt with the minutes and put themselves in a position to compel the holders to sell them. 'Phe market price at present was 29 and 291. This concluded the business.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
WESLEYAN METHODISM AT WARRINGTON.

RECEPTION hi ERTL:CO:

Last Sunday was the beginning of the Wesleyan Methodistic year, and more than 600 ministers dur- ing the past week have changed their spheres of labour from one circuit to another. There was a dt:uble change in Warrington, the• Rev. A. Freeman leaving Warrington for likely, and the Rev. T. Rosa for Queen-at. circuit, Hull. In their places, have come the Rev. Owen• Watkins, lately returned missionary from Africa, and the Rev. CIJ D. Mason,.l from Gloucester. On Sunday the pulpits of the 80ld-I st.,and Penketh Chapels were occupied by the Revs. o.Wakins and G.D.Mason respectively,and they had very good congregations at each place. On Monday night a reception meeting to the two new ministers was held in the Rold-st.,,sohoolroom..Previous to the meeting,. the ministers were introduced to the various members of the congregatian,and punctually at seven o'clock the meeting began. The chair was occu. pied by Mr. W. Silcock, senior circuit steward, who was, supported on the platform by the Revs. J, Kirtlan,.J, Watkins,.and G. D. Mason, and Messrs. E. Richardson It. Garnett, J.P., W. Bannett, E. Brown, J.: Summersgth and J. Taylor. The CHAIRMAN having very briefly opened the proceed- ings, the Rev. J. Kirtlan addressed the meeting. He said that it gave him great pleasure to be there that night. He was sure that the gathering would greatly stimulate the new ministers' and he hoped that they would have such a blessing that they would look back during the year with great thankfulness,. remembering that that night was the starting,point of a year of con- tinued success,and of triumphs allalong the line. Twelve months ago, he was in a similar- position as the new ministers, but he was glad to say that he felt very much more comfortable that night than he did then,, though he did not forget the great kindness wit h•whioh he was received when he came into that citcult. He should . . . .

like to say how glad he was to be • associated with the brethren who had come amongst them, brethren who had won their honours, and done the work in other spheres before they came to Warrington. He thought that two or three things could be improved in Warring- ton circuit, and as they had representatives present from almost all the societies in. the circuit,, he would take the opportunity of mentioning them. Their ser- vices would be very greatly improved in tone, if some of the members of the congregation would remember the time the services began. (Applause.) They could also improve considerably in their singing. lie thought I that the trustees of the chapel did not give sufficient , care and attention to the choirs, and he hoped that the members of the choirs would improve the regularity of ' their attendanoe: He also hoped that a little more at- i tention would be paid to strangers who came into the j chapels. A great deal was already done in this respect, but still there could be a little improvement. The 1 leaders of the classes should also endeavour to get more ' members in their classes. 110 mentioned theaepoints as i this was their first meeting of the whole circuit during ; the present year. The Rev. J. Gennexte, was the next speaker. He said that during the months of August, the demerits of the I three years system were made plain. He thought that I all present would have voted for an extension for an inde- finate period of .the services of the Rev. A. Freeman and j the Rev.T.Ross. During the present month, however,the merits of the three years system were manifested. But for this system they might never have had the two minis- 1 ters who nad taken their hearts by storm, and from j whom they expected very great things. He felt slue that their expectations-would not be disappointed. He did not hold a brief for the three years system, as he ' was more favourable to an extension of the term. ([Tear f hear),—and he thought they would have that before long. The Wesleyan Methodist had many peculiarities , but none more striking, especially to outsiders, tisan the marked rapidity and ease with which they extended their affections and confidence from one minister to ' another. This was a great mystery to the other churches They thought that relations between Methodists and their ministers was not of that strong, enduring charac- ter which makes the relationship between pastors and the people of other churches. Dr. Mackennal, ex- chairman of the Congregational Union, said that the relationship between the minister and the people in Methodism, was official not personal. He did not mean to des any injustice to Methodists, it would he far from his mind and intentions, but he did so nevertheless. He (Mr. Gunnell) maintained that there was no people more truly attached to their pastors as the Methodist people. (Applause.) Coming to the new 'ministers in Mr. Watkins, there would be something stimulating and instructive, and he thought that idlers, gamblers, and late comers would have a very bad time of it. If they had a specimen of the bulk of Mr. Mason, at Penketh on the previous „day,, he might always be sure of a hearty welcome whenever he appeared in the Penketh pulpit. In conclusion, he thought that the circuit had a good year before it.. They had a good and energetic superintendent free from all jealously and always ready to do his share of the work. The new minister would always be sure of the co-operation of the laymen, and they would find appreciative hearers wherever they went. The majority of the congregation he was glad Co say were young. This was a very good sign. He gave the two new ministers and their wives and families a very hearty welcome to Warrington, and he hoped that their time in the circuit would be a very prosperous one. The CHAD:MAN said that he would now call upon Mr. Watkins to address the meeting. Ile had laboured for more than 1 years in the Dark Continent. Mr. Wat- kins was not invited to the circuit, and ho could not be offended at the fight they made to get Mr. Carnson to Warrington. They had never doubted his capabilities as a preacher and platform speaker, and they were only afraid that by his pepularitv he would have so many calls that like John Wesley he would have the world as his parish. Mr. Watkins had however determined that during the three years he was in Warrington, he would work for and help to build up the circuit. In the name of the circuit he accorded Mr. Watkin3 a most hearty welcome. Mr. WATKINS, whose rising was the signal for loud and continued applause, in reply said that if this was the welcome they gave to the man they did not want, what- ever kind of a reception would they give if they had eat the man they did want? (Loud laughter.) He might tell them however, that if they had not fought for Mr. Carnson, he would not have thought very much of them, as they ought to stand by the man they had invited. He was glad to be in Warrington, as he liked hearty folks, and when people shook him properly by the hand he felt three parts at home if they opened their mouths. (Laughter.) He greatly enjoyed preaching the previous day in the grand old sanctuary at Bold-st., and also greatly enjoyed the singing. If they would succeed, they must have good Methodist singing. They must net have that high class, scientific singing in which the con- gregation could net join. They ought to pay more attention to congregational singing, as the Methodist revival was in a very great measure a revival of song. He had the heartiest sympathy with the remarks of the superintendent with respect to the choir. Ile did not believe in the Wesleyan ministers going on to political platforms, but there were subjects on which they should speak out such as the temperance question and other social subjects. The rev, gentleman finished a splendid speech by a magnificent peroration in which he urged upon everyone present to help on the work of God in the town. Mr. E. EnowNre then spoke representing Lymm, and Mr. R. Garnett spoke for Penketh. Miss BESSIE BUTTON hopod that the people would do everything to help the ministers in their work and not hinder them by neglect. She also welcomed the wives of the ministers. Mr. W. BENNETT having spoken for the Padgate Westeyans, the Rev. G. D. Meson was called upon. He expressed his appreciation of the hearty welcome which was accorded to him. He thoroughly endorsed Mr. Gunnell's remarks with respect to the extension of affec- tion from one minister to another by the Methodist people. He had been through the circuit and had ob- tained an insight into its working, and he hoped soon to know the people personally. 110 believed that the church should grapple with social problems, and he was glad that there was a vigorous temperance organisation in the town. Be hoped to take a part in the work before very long. He would also do his best to help on the musical part of the services. He hoped that the workers of the circuit would work together with the minister, and that they would have a very successful year to come. After a short address from Mr. J. Sunsmersgill from Sankey Bridges, the meeting came to an end with the singing of the Doxology and the benediction.—The pro- ceedings were interspered with a musical programme as follows: Pianoforte solo, Miss Pigot ; song "Anchored," ' Mr. Wallington ; song, Miss Gornall ; instrumental quar- tette, Miss Pigot, Miss Winni Pigot, Miss Bennett and Mr. Pigot ; anthem, "Seek ye the Lord," by the choir; violin solo, Mr. Boothroyd ; and song "Flight of ages," Miss Brown. There was an interval of half an hour, , during which refre3buints were provide,

===== 0002601_18930909_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
ST: HELENS TRADE PARALYSED.

It is-said that the banks in St. Helens are turning over about £30,000 a week less than in ordinary times, and as the bulk of this would be paid out for wages a sure index to the state of trade is given. A tradesman on Wednesday morning remarked that there was " no- thing:doing," and he was- £2.01k worse off than he was a month ago. He was "giving," and had practically nothing coming in. This is the experience of many local tradesinen.

ST. HELENS RELIEF FUNDS. Councilkm Y. A. Chadwick on Wednesday gave 500 dinners to poor families at the Baptist Schools, Park- road,a committee of six persons having investigated the circumstances of the applicants. Mr. Win. Houghton, Liverpool-road, gave 1001 loaves to poor people. Mr. I. Nickson, fish dealer, diktributed another four tons of cod fish,and the Dixon-Fletcher Carriage Company gave soup to 500 persons. Dr. Jackson. of Church-st., has subscribed £2 2s. to the Central Relief Fund. WARNING AT HAYDOCK.

At Haydock, in censeqpence of complaints, the _ have posted a notice warning persons that endeavouring to obtain alms by fraudulent pretences is punishable by three months' imprisonment, and that obtaining money and goods by menace is felony, punishable by pens!. servitude. A number of extra police, who are billeted in Messrs.Evans's buildings, were indulging in games oa Wednesday morning, when one constable was acciden, tally struck on the head and so severely injured that him Hayward was called in.

pol.ice .1

===== 0002601_18930909_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
WHOLESALE TRAIN REDUCTIONS.

The Midland Railway Company have felt themselves conipolled, in consequence ot the state of the coal market, to economise, and besides having partially closed their extensive works at Derby,by which about 7,000 men lieve been effected,they have now decided to shorten their train service, and commencing on Monday next some thirty passenger trains will be discontinued. Still greatewpre- _cautions may become necessary unless the outlook im- proves.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
A STRANGE RUMOUR.

On Wednesday a rumour was pre{ alent in Day dock that the strike is to terminate at the end of next week, and the colliers there regard the news as autkantk. It is stated that certain Wigan coalowners told the men that they could prepare for work next week. It is alleged that the masters made a compact to, keep the pits closed for six weeks on pain of fine, .after which work could be resumed. DISTURBANCE IN WALES AND YORTZMIRE.

There was again a considerable amount of rioting at the colliery centres of Sentla Yorkshire and North Staffordshire on Wednesday. At one or two pits the re- maining stacks of coal were set on fire,„n,rui at the Wath Main Colliery, near Barnsley,damago.toAhe extent of several thousand pounds was done. At several collier- ies the police came into conflict with the.rolners, but the presence of the military In the principal areas of dis- turbance had the effect of reducing the violence of the rioters. As a result of meetings held :crt.. Wednesday, the strike in South Wales is reported tc be practically at an end. At Llanelly, where there weroserious disturb- ances on Monday and Tuesday, the presence of the mil- itary and an elan, force of police apiylearis to have re- stored order. Owing to the treatment they have received at the hands of the Welsh miners, many of the Scotch and Durham" blacklegs" have left the district.

_ WARNING FROM MR. SAD.L WOODS, M.P. The following letter to the Press.hafebeen published : —Sir,—Complaints have been made to. me respecting a number of men working at the Wood. Pit, Haydock,and that their coal is being wound up in the night time to the extent of five or six waggon loads per day. lam not surprised, but Jam disgusted the conduct of these colliery officials using such tactics. tam surprised that men can be found who will, thus become tools in the hands of their employers, and work under police pro- tection, in the face of the dicislena of the miners of the country, and against the interest of all. On behalf of the miners who have been advising peaceable behaviour- in the present lock-out, Lam to say that any evils result- , ing from such unworthy conduct must rest with those ' who encourage it.—Yours. SAM WOODS. Bryon, Wigan, Sept. Si 103; THE PRESCOT GUARDIANS AND THE MINERS.. On Thursday, about 590.Whiston and Prescot miner. assembled at the VVhiston Workhouse to welcome an expected demonstration from St. Helens. Some d. appointment was felt owing to the fact that the demon- stration did not torn up. Superintendent Baxendale and Inspector Peters of Wa.vertree, and about 40 ofscers were present. Mr. Glover and one or two miners, at- tended a meeting•of the Guardians, and Mr. Man'. (the clerk) informed t Mr. Glover and the deputation that the guardians had not refused relief to miners.—lc, reply to a question put by Mr. Glover as to what feu.n the relief to miners would take, Mr. Mann said it. would depend entirely upon the circumstances of the appli- cant.—The Chairmawa said they could not traat them in a wholesale waiy.. Each case would be ir4,lestigated individually on its merits.—Mr. Glover repd that it would be for the- roard to find a means of caping with the great number of people who would apply.—Mr. M'Kinley, on leaving, said :—This wont WCll. I have seen some thousands of people who are nsily starving. I saw children eating raw potato peelings tiar other day. The sooner something is done, the sooriczyq-u will stop this rioting..—The interview then terminated, and the state of things remains the same as Wore, 'Me miners it is stated*threaten wholesale application, for admission to the Workhouse. SOLDIEIitS FIhE ON THE CRCIW)i—SEVEIIAL MEN SHOT,

The most serious rioting in to disturbed colliery districts occurred on Thursday at tbe pits owned by Lord Masham at /laden Hall, nei‘r Pontefract. A small, detachment of soldiers was psese.n4 but could take W. action in the absence of a magistrare to read the Riot. Act, Great stacks of timboa were fired, corves rjd other things hurled down tlai.pit sbaft, and damags. to theextent of thousands of pcundswas done. Eventuatty a magistrate was brought ta,ths.caiery and he rea4 the Riot Act. The mob of miaAra waa then driven out of the colliery yard at the point,ofi the bayonet, but they re- turned and began stonirg,everybotly about dm. p!itee. Tbe soldiers fired sevesal, Wands of ball emits- age into the crowd, and five miser were shot. The dislitutances in the other colliery d.:,abricks were an a very much re- duced scale as compared with those of tt-a.prnceding day or two. THE PROPOSED MARCH ON wwftroN WORKIIOI.I6E.

Fully 2,000 text assembled on rtssasclay afternoon about Hardshavz-fields, St. Helens, in accordance with a resolution pass:d at Tuesday's me4ing to march in 4 body to Whiston Workhouse, and sks'd the guardians why they had deoided not to give relief, to miners and tk,eir families. The men bad evidentty. come fully preplei for the eight miles walk. Wisen Mr. Glover, IP. mounted a mineral water catt, which happened to bei passing and which halted for his convenience, there was complete silence. Ho said he had kept his plecto to meet , them, but since TuesiUy'S tweeting he had had tome conversation with the guardians for St. Itelens, who told him that the board were bound to submit to the csrders of the Looal Government Hoard, and could only give relief to the class of persons mentioned in the consolidated orders, When he (Mr. spoke at Tueiday's menUng illover) .e Was under the Impression that dm guardian had passed a resolution that they Weir own rumlbuity, wed not give

Mm. S., A. ALLEN&

WORLD'S

HAI. Rc E S•T 0 R R

The natural colonr re- stored and preserved.

IT IS- NOT A. DTE.

An absolnlely perfect Hair Restorer and Dressing.

relief to miners families, but he found that wasilot the case, but that the Local Government,Board's ordere were,— imperative upon the guardians. He did not, therefore, see the necessity for the miners to go in a bcdy to the workhouse, but to show their protest against the orders he proposed that a deputation should wait upon the guardians at two o'clock, and ascertain to what extent they could relieve the miners and their destitute families He was satisfied a large number of the guardh ris were in sympathy with the miners, ,and would give all they possibly could. He reminded the miners that to get relief from,thoguardians pauperised theta, and they lost their rights as citizpns at elections, and were struck off the lists of voters ; that was a cursed law. A‘resolution to abandon the march was carried unanimously, and Mr. Glover, Mr, ?ter M•Kinley, and Mr. George Wilkinson were appointed a deputation.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
COLLINS' GREEN..

As a result of the disturbances which took pace at Bold Colliery and Collins Green last week, .when a num- ber of day.wagemen were prevented from descending the pitsfa meeting of colliers was held at Burtonwood, on Friday afternoon, when Mr. T. Glover, J.P.', Miners agent, addressed the men. After going into the question a resolution was adopted to the effect" That no men le (snowed to•work, with the exception of furnace men, and men ta look alter the water." Several rumours were about that further disturbances were likely to take place at Bold Colliery, but so far, everything is peacc— able.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPORTANT DECLARATION BY DE2BYSIIIIIE',. COAL OWNE.M3:.

The Derbyshire colliery owners are seriously feeling the continuation of the strike, as it affects their ability to keeptle mines from being drowned out. On Thurs— day one. of the leading owners declared that unless he can get slack for the pumps from some other district he cannot continue the Icckout for more than another week Strenuous efforts are being madeto get fuel from else- where,. but at present without success. If the water once over-powers the pumps the. colliery would never be started, and £lOO,OOO damages would be sustainc,i; TIIE I'OSITION AT EARLESTOWN.

Apparently there is no eliange to record in the serious condition of affairs in..this district, except thatthe distress which was bad enough last week is evidently on the increase. The closing of the Sankey Sugar Works has greatly iutensißtd, mat- tens, and relief has now not only to be adminisw tened to the families of colliers, but to those who a consequence of the strike are unable- to per- form their daily task. The outlook cannot be said to be anything but mos.L. serious, and every day rather aggravates the matter than otherwise. The stock of coal at the Waggen Works is dailygrowing less', and unless there is an early settlement of the dispute in the coal trade, there will be no- alterna- tive but to close the works, thus throwing out of employment something like 1,000 hands. The 1. majority of the men are already only working four days per week,and from Friday the men in one o the shops will be further reduced by.only working three days a week. Ev,ery effort is being put forth to relieve the prevailing distress, and a committee has been elected to deal with the question, called the Earlestown anti- District Central. Relief Com- mittee. It represents all denominations, and the Rev. T. R. Matthewe has been appointed chairman, Mr. T., Martindale secretary, and Mr. E. Hulme, treasurer, and it coastnenced active operations in the distribution of relief-on Thursday limning at the Mission Hall. Not only are the residents of Earlestown relieved, but families from (Mins Green and Haydock are the recipients of the charity. Mrs. Haadyside has with. great generosity uadertaken to provide 1,50 women and children IA ith their tea at the Missionliall every day for a week, and it is hoped her exampleswiit be readily fol- lowed by others. A strong committee of lay helpers in connection with the Central .Iteliei Ilind has been got together, and armed with the necessary Qxedentials they are energeticanq 4vorking thetowa,in,clistricts br sub- scriptions, the* efforts being under the circumstances generously responded to. The ReliefeCommittee, which has its headquarters at the Conservative Club. is doing sterling work,_ and numerous deserving eases are re- ceiving attention. On Sunday 3;,ls,ichildren were sup-- plied with a substantial hot pot dinner in the skittle alley of the club,and after they had ,been filled 90 adults. were supplied with the remainder. The committee re- ceived considerable help frorrea amnaber of ladies and. gentlemen le attending to the warites of the youngsters.. On Monday. 235 'people received-1 relief, and 201 two ounce packets of tea, 200 loaves .and 50 gallons of soup. were distributed. On Tuesda 7,25405 a yes and 85 gallona. of soup ; Wednesday 248 loaves and 86 gallons of soup e; and Thiroiday about the same quantity were given out... Mr. Matthew Vi'instauley, who has also done some good work in this direction, supplied leD persons with their- dinner on Sunday, and on Monday he distributed all loaves .s.ad 60 gallons of sauss,. Tuesday 100 loaves andt 60 gallons of soup, and en Wednesday the distribution was undertaken by Mr. J.; Lythgoe, who gave away bread, cheese, and beer. Onl'hursdayafternoon.a,cricket match for the wr- pose of raising funds towards. the relief, was played on the gpound of the Earleatown.Cricket Club. The :asters was.dubbed, White Ves:a.,vi Tall Hats, and was esseep- tioaally well patronised. The players were drawn. from the tradespeople and publicans of the town, and, their geteup, and the ludieniasantics they displayed theough- Ice:4 the game, caused inaemes amusement, but the-result !.expected to be moat gratifying financially. At night a concert with.the same object was gAren in 'die Mission Hall, Leghwt.., the Rev. T. It. Matthews pre- aiding, and there was.a.vary fair attendance. ater Mr. Matthews had explainecltbe object of the gathering the musical portion of, the. besiness was proceeded with, aeveral pianoforte-soles,. songs, and glees were, given by Mr. G. Weeks, Musa. It.. Mayhew, Matthews,_ Conway, Barcroft, and liehests,, Messrs. P. Corless, ,emes and Master A. Bantemend St. John's Church choir. The same nightda.specially called meetinvf the mem- bers of the Eahestovan Co-operative. Society, was held in the hall, to consider what steps, anT„ the Society should take ituregarsl to the prevailing distress.—Mr. J. Moss presided-ond there was a good atteadance of impel- berg. The chairinaa explained the object;et the meeting„ and said thee,-..oninsittee had taken the .reepensibility of subscribing to thaEarlestnwn and dists4M4distress fund, 25 leaves 14r,- day, and this the members agreed with. After discesaingthe question of further aid, it was Un- animously agneed to subscribe £lO par week to the dis- tress fume.' inlithrlestown, Neyvton,,eaa.ydock, Ashton, Collins Geeten.and Golborne,thissubr..c. riptlon to continue It was also decided. that any member ifnordfiisvtereweesg havingin their pos.ac,s--iosi checks to the value of, Ztor more, should rece.vaac once the !um Or 2s for civil). t 1 of checks brough.ya,. and to receive the balance o 5 the dividend at the ans„Luf the quarter. ThO.Utilestown and district central relief committee. commenced operations on Thursday. morning at the Misss sion,fialt, when 400 persons rt acived 250 loaves, 401ba.. of tars 1.7.4 6 loads of potatoes.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
THE IN.SEQ3:' WORLD.

It is believed that there.areave times as many kmects .as there are species °Salk other living things put toge- ther. The oak alorti•supports 450 species of inseuts.and 2.00 kinds make their hempla the pine. Forty yOars ago Humboldt estimated. that the number of species pre- served in collectisns vras.between 150,000 aria 170,000 7, but scientific trisronw, sal that there must bu sore than. 750,000, withost taking iinto account the rarasite crea- tures. Of the 35-,ooQ,4pecies in Europe, however, not I more thln 3,100 are twious or destructiya. There are more than 1,00,00 Q) kinds of beetles. S4tch being an enunriation of the different forms, wt an array or figures would be retvired for tabulating a census of inclividushinsectsoach a distinct li v'..ng thing! Some single sr:Nies include an incredible nt'zxber of specimens. The locusts on ths coast of the Mediterranean, for in- stance, sometimes cover the groud inches thick for mile, while a fwit years ago 14,(3.1) bushels of locust eggs were colloated in a single season in three Alzerian PWvinceS. single house fly 11,ys from 150 to 200 eggs. which in two weeks become equally fertile flies, and trisects gen,arally have astonishing powers of multiplica- tion.

Mr. Budson Kearley, the member for nevonport, is one of the kings of ttni tea trade. While his entire capital a tew years ago was under £lOO, he paid last year as duty no less a surn than £40,000. t TOUR ATTENTION*, PLISASB Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago. Plies, Pains in the Back, Dropsy. Wind and Water Complaints. Diseases of Kidneys, Bladder, Urinary Organs, Stone, Meet, Stria ture, Sciatica, Rheumatism. and Gout, will end a positive cure In 110c1royd's Gravel pillS. Try a small Lax, and tine satisfied your money will he returned. Price Is 10. Of all onemnsts, or post ire, for 12 stamps irons Bowl- Ittlyei Medical Clecitheaten, Yorks. Don't •he put I oft It yens oann,,t get them write to tO I:tranketex auk. boa will be ant Next post.—Adcf,

===== 0002601_18930909_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
-

I

I

I

I

MROite

r .." _

- 1

~, •

• .

WlERONEftFglkgWrilO

===== 0002601_18930909_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
the " Craminer" &tries:

el "...scams], AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS Comprises THE Warrington and Hid-Cheskire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE Eariestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Hekns Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Saturday morning ; and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday morning.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. Ooming under the following beads are inserted in ALL the above-mentioned Papers for ONE CHARGE, as per scale given 'below. SITTJATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BR LET. SITTIATIoNS VACANT, PARTLIERSRIP9 WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED, MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE _ BY PRIVATE CONTRACT,

................. ........--- - _ ____ MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Sin 1 Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 38 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT Only. No Adver- tisen ent inserted on credit under 28. per insertion.

firefessOtonal.

MA.LB and FEMALB NURSES INSTITUTION, 70, Hope-et., Liverpool. Estab. 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical. and Monthly Nurses. Massage, apply or telegraph. " Nurses." Liverpool. I elephone. 51.

Moine6tir OtrbantO, Su.

ItyORKING-HOIJSIMCBSTER W anted.—Address Mr. Done, 84, Edward-atrest,.;,Oldham. - WAATTID a good GRNBRAL SICRVANT for small family no children.—Address or apply 33, Park-road, South- port.

,GIRL. s' rong, Wanted, for housework .—Apply Mrs. 0 ITYMER. 154, Ridgway-street, Butler-street, 3fanchester.

WAN ['ED good GENERAL SERVANT. ablotocookand maid in waiting.—Apply SHAKESPEARE HOTEL, Barnsley.

WANTED, General `4ERVANT, about 17 ; comfortable VI- home;' 3s. ;AT week.—Addresal3, Green-st., Ardwick 'Green. Manche, ter.

GOOD GENERAL SERVANT WANTED for Hereford. Clergyman's Fma 1 family ; boy for boots and knives.— Mrs. HAND. Her ford.

WANTED, SERVANT, are 18 to 20 years, mugt have good refereuees.—Apply Mrs. B. AWDERTON, Spinners Arms, Patrieraft.

WANTRD. at once. a Rtrong, active GIRL from the country ; age about 16; a good home.—Applylo,Lord- st.. Southport.

Clot. MARTON wishes to recommend a ynung man as V COACHMAN ;6i years' eharacter.-8. 8., Caperneray Hal!, Caro fnrt h.

1111HYL.—Wan'ed immediately, TWO HOUSE3&AIDB, for itt, a Ladies Echool.—State wages and enclose references to lif.„ Illencathra, Rhyl.

(7-10ACIIMAN seeks SITUATION, age 26. P Ingle ; ride drive well , sing' e or pair ; excellent references,—W. ROBIN- SON, Miley, Luton, Beds.

QERVANT GIRL WANTED. age not A bove 21 years; wages from 12s. per month; four in family.-47, Boun- dary Place. Liverpool.

GIRL (young) WANTED, 16 or 17 ; smsll family ; Liver' pool ; 10s per month.—Address M., 41, Bryanston- road, St. Michael's, 1 leer! 001.

WORKING DOUSEEPER WANTED, naiddle-age. have a knowlsdge of milk and butler.—Address Box 35, Examiner Office, Warrington. WANTED. clean respectable GIRL as general. about 14, small family. no children.—Address 4, Park View. Chorlton-roa./. Manchester.

NVANTRI) SITUATION as GARDENSR (Head Working). can be well r,commended. 11. LIMON, 43, Trinity- road, East Finchley. London. N.

irtOOK geoel. plain WANTED ; also HOUSBMAID•WAIT- V EFEE. Late dinner:—Address, stating age, :rages, Mr,. MAY, l'restbury. Macclesfield.

NVANTYD. lay experienced Cook. Scotch Protestant, SITUATION in gentleman's family, town or country. —Apply 44, Klngsby-road, Liverpool.

T_T 0U S RR PRR or General; Situation Wanted in a I 1 homely place; tram fares to be paid.—Address 4. Wain- wright-fit.. Itrdwick, Manchester.

VrANTIID SITUATION, as GARDIINBR, head, expert- ,' enced in all branches •36 • excellent character.— _ . -.;

MIITHEW ALDVIVION, Durghw-a1.11;, Doncaster:

GENERAL PE ItVANT WANTIM. thoroughly experien zed. two in family. reter.,nces required. good w.iges.—Mrs. PAnxrcsoN. 26, Wellington-street, Blackburn,

IV ft SITUATION as Gardener; understands all Its branches, married. no family, excellent character. —Atttreas F. C.. Sugar-la- e. Timperley, Cheah re.

WATERLO O .—SERVANTS requiring first-class situations 8 hOlll.l ppi y at once to Mrs. Caawroun, first-class servants agency, 32. Lyra-road. Waterloo, Liverpool.

NVIM ANTED, a GT to assist in housework. aged 11, must be clean and honest. wages 13.—Address JOHN B. THOMAgON. Grocer, Mark, t-et., Dray laden. Manchester.

WANTED. a second lIOUSRMAID, must have been out before; also two good GRNERAL4.—AppIy stating wages, &e.. to HOUSEKEEPER, WillgeTWOrth H.ll, Chester- field.

BIZIDGNORTII: "CASTLE" AGENCY has fire class SITUATIONS for good Generals. Cooks. and Maw- rnalds.—A pnly ar, once. Supellor Nurses and Good Sewing Maid disengaged. Stamp for reply.

DOMYSTICS WANTED.—Comfortable home for clean. tidy girl. about 17. used to housework. sad willing to male herself useful. and assist. washing.—Mrs. MARTIN. 56, Pliatcm-road. llirmaton. near Manchester.

IDELL'A ORIGINAL REGISTER OFFICE has only one address.—Mrs MARIA BELL, SCOUR House, Ifighfleld- et., Leicester. Good servants always wanted. Catholic Cook, HOUSEITIRJCI. and Parlourmaid, wanted at once

WANTED SITUATION as Co.ehman thoroughly, ex- per,enreci with Hunter* and Harness horses. good rider an,, driver well up in leathers, married. age 31 one child.--J.STIITN6ER. &ref,Orl Post Office. Dorton-on-Trent.

IA7 ANTIM SITUATION ns Porter Drayman. Groom, V V Gardener, Park Kt eper. or any Posit! YU of Trust, by remeetable Man from country, are 43; steady, civil and obliging.—Address Mr. T. BOILER, 12, Regent-street, War- rington.

ENRRAL SERVANT WANTED ; respectable and corn- ‘.7f petent person al out 20 er 25 yeßre of age. able to under- take wAshing for small family, comfortable borne for Suitable persen.—Apply Mrs. DICA, 9. Wellington-fields, Warertree, Liverpool.

T ADY HRLP (21), Requires Situation ; thoroughly do- -11 mest'ett,ed good cook, fond of children, would wait 'km invalid, or any position f trust excellent references from lest situation. £17.-1117.11E, Waters Upton, Welling: ton, Salop.

QITUATION, WANTED. as Lady's maid to one Lady, or sec.ing maid, willing to be useful. Age 22. Catholic, 18 months good character. good plain dressmaker and hair- dresser. Please state wage4.—lns. WHITING, Biampton Station. near Wangford, euffolk.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
Manta.

A GENTS WANTED to push first class Machinery Oils. J 1 Liberal Cernmission.—Box 22. Post Office, Liverpool.

A GENTS WANTED, whole or *Dere time; Commission /1. and Gonus..—IRETON and CO. Molted, 92, Graceehurch- street. London.

AGOOD STASI), SHOP WANTSD. in High-street or Ghuroh-street. Beisseorn. preterved.--Applv 9. Croxteth -Grove. Liverpool.

WANTED PUPTIA to learn Shorthand through the post and coalify fo, situations. ProSpectus post free.--9. BRITCHELL. Itornehunelt, Essex.

LIBERAL COW/18310N paid to all persons who can Influence the sale of Arid-class Machinery Oi acc Address "011 a c.o. W. IL SMITH and SONS, Advertising Agents, Manthester.

WANTED a First-class and Energetic AGENT for the sa—le of the "New Nothwell'' Knitting Machine for War- rington District. To anyone ablo to influence business, most liberal terms will be offered.—Apply W. RUMMELL & Co., Urn., Albert Werke, Bridgman-street, Bolton.

riIOBACCONISTS commencing. Illustrlted Hale (post 1. free.) How to eortimenee.—T(MACCONlSTS' Oirrrrrr- Imo Co.. 186. Euston-road, London. Manager, MERRY MYERS, Eat. 1866.

TOBACCONISTS and thoee commencing should call or send for our Price List. Competition deled.--GoLionsafire, zusdhee-it.. Liverpool. Established 1850.

-r EFT OFF CLOTHES bought, beet price for parcels tor- -1.4 warded, if nct approved, goods returned.—TAME 6 GOB- Xalf, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326, 328, and 346, Deansgate, Manchester.

SECOND-HAND DRESS SUITS, Military, Theatrical,Band Uniforms for sale or lalre.—Jaacts GORMAN, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326, 328, and 346, Deanagate, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits perfectly new at a third cost price.

ZSTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL CLASSES OF WORK

PEON AN

===== 0002601_18930909_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
ADDRESS CARD T.) A 31AMMOTIT PLACARD

4EXA3IINEN " STEAM PRINTING WORKS EMMY STREET, WARRINGTON.

gipartmtntt, fitnitettb 3Elouag, Br 2

iOuTRPORT.—Mrs. THOS. SUTCLIFFE, 41, Sefton-It., APARTMENTS, we., and piano.

SCAHBOROUGH.—SWIFT'S Private Hotel and Boarding- House.—Jona B. Swim Proprietor.

LACK rOOL.—Palk House, Claremont Park, facing the Sea. Baths. billiards. Tariff on application.

DBNOVSLLO BOARDING HOUSB, Rattle Parade, 1.11, Buxton, moderate terms, pleasantly situated.—HlSS JONES. , -----------

• QOUTHPORT.—APARTMENTS, beantifully furnished kJ central and moderate charges, comfortable home, bath, w.c.-8, Derby Road.

MORECAMBE.—Mrs. STEELE, 25. •Sea 'View Parade, West end-road, APARTMENT'S, (putilo or private)

ba—

- 00111 P /RT.—Clarence Villa. 42. Princess-street, comfort- -10 able APARTMENTS, Sunty Side, near Markets and Winter Gardens; terms moderate.

yORIICAMBE.--APARTNIENTS TO LET ; excellent ma _L front ; send damp for terms.-31ra. GEO. SNOWDON, Lovellview, Sandylande, Morecambe.

QCARBOROUGH. GIBSON'S BOARDING HOUSR ; situated on the North Cliff, facing the sea ;magnificent view of the bay. Prkvate rooms if required.

I OF MAN. Good accommodation for visitors with or 1 without board.—Mr. LINGIRD (late ot Warrington), York House, Castle Drive, Douglas (near the palace).

TALE OF LLANGOI LEN.—Fir Tree, Maesmawr.— V APARTMENTS in a charming situation, a little above and ten minutes walk from Llangollen ; terms moderate.— Apply Mrs. EDIVAFIDS.

BOUSFIBLD HOUSE, Loch Promenade, Douglas, Isle of Man. The House is rep'ete with every modern con- venience. Finest views of Douglas Bay. Two minutes' walk from the Landing Pier.—Proprletress, Mrs. KELS•LI..

===== 0002601_18930909_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
1/ottlg.

ft/arntiso, 30ar5e5, eartl, Boqs, Scr

THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER,

GENERAL PRINTING DEPARTMENT

Has an established reputation for giving Careful

Prompt AttentloA to the want* of all Customers; and its facilities for the production of Good Work of every kind—from the smallest typographic trifle to the biggest mural " Mammoth "—are available to the public. at prices which are strictly moderate.

Care-

less, inartistic, and slovenly printing is the bane of business men. They find it doesn't pay to have it— evea at " the lowest tender."

THB

THE " EXAMINER " WORKS, BEWBEY-STRXET.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 9. 1893.

&alts bp Vribate Ereatp.

Alarbuitrp, Bcr., on 'alt.

EIG 11T-llollBd Vertical BOILER, three cross tubes, and Six-tiorse Vertical Engine. £25, JAMES lilTeliEN, Ileswall, Cheshire.

MONEY LAETNAT FEI),3:v oPuRitIsyNAOTTEICB GENTLEMAN UPON NOTE OF HAND ALONE. Without Bank or Loan Office Routine.—From £lO to £5,030. To LADIES, and GENTLEMEN, HOUSEHOLDERS, and to PERSONS in receipt of a regular income or gala, y, without sureties. UPON NOTE OP HAND ALONE. and to assist persons into business ; also upon the security of Reversions, Life Annuities, Life Interests, Life Policies,plantstock,shares, in town or country. without removal, also on deeds and life policies at 5 percent. from one to 15years. No public inquiries whatever, only a few hours' notice required to carry on. all advances.—Apply personally.or write to the actual lender. W. STE WART. Esq. 2. Cooper-street, Manchester. ALL COMMUNICATIONS STRICTLY PRIVATE, and CONFIDENTIAL. Principal can remain at interest. No securities required. No genuine application refused. Having a large surplus capital at command, all advances are granted cheaper than any other establi al ment in Lancashire. , n.1),--STRICT SECRECY 0134BEVED.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
SPalts bp pribatt Ertatv.

£3 ss.

A N excellent cure for drunkenness, marvellous in its 11 effects. 3s. 6d. per post.—CARPENTER, Chemist, Burn- ham, Somerset.

()N SALE, MANURE WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshlre.—Apply to J. HOMING, 16, Fenwiek-Street. Liverpool.

ECEEMA, Erysipelas, Psoriasis and Bad Legs cured. Ad- vice free. Cures p oved genuine by those cured.— CARPENTER, Burnham. Somerset.

rro PRRSONS who have weak and falling HAIR I will 1 send a valuable prescription for Is ; certain cure.- 3I ARCH, 138. Brunswick-road. Sheffield.

QPLENDID SERGHS. Vicunas, Tweeds, any length cut; Li suit lengths 10s. 1.215.; pattetns free.—A. L. LITTLE- woo, Pdan.facturer, Henley. Huddersfield.

THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
gtitsiral Enstruments.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL PRINTING W ORKS

BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

GENERAL PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.

MAMMOTH POSTERS: A SPECIALITY.

AUCTIONEERS' CATALOGUES, PLACARDS, &c.

LAW FORMS AND SOLICITORS' GENERAL PRINTING With Neatness, Accuracy, and Despatch.

CONCERT PROGRAMMES,

TICKETS, BOOKS OF WORDS, POSTERS, 4:c.

A CHOICE ASSORTMENT OF MODERN TYPE, ORNAMENTS, ac.

TRADESMEN'S RILLIIHADS. MEMOS. CIRCULARS, Aid all kinds of Commercial Work at Reasonable Prices

4 -ri2CA3IINER." STEAM PRINTING WORKS 14, DEWEY STREET,

===== 0002601_18930909_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
PADEREWSKI says: "Play only on an Erard wherever obtsinable.

ERARD.

Makers to the Queen, 18, Great Marlbnrough-st.,ltegent-at.

lADEREWSKI says : " Play only on an Erard wherever obtainable.

IRARD.

New Parisian Models now being exhibited

PADEREWSKI says: "Play only on an Erard wherever obtsinable.

E4ARD.

The remainder of the Eng- lish Mcde!sat Great Reductions.

eburatton.

THE

4EXAI INER" STEAM PRINTING WORKS

BEWBET STREET, WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_18930909_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
F"0 LET, HOUSES in Mercer-it., Newton-le-Willov‘a, in excellent condltion.—Apply to Joux ADAMS, Park- road, Newton-le,Wlllows. TO

LET, PREMISES, in centre of Warrington, suitable for small workshops.—Apply ASHTON and Wcrons. SolicitorQ, 65, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

rilO LET, House, Eagle Mount, Stockton Heath, Rent £lB. .1 Three bedrooms, parlour, sitting-room, kitchen.and other convenitnees.—Apply W. Dos Tom, builder, Wilders?ool.

SOUTIIPORT.—TO LET, modern lions'. two sitting-rooms, four bedrooms, bath. &e.. five minutes walk from station; rent £27.—Apply 112, Kensington-road. Southport.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1893.

THE House of Lords are treating The Bill in the the Home Rule Bill with much Lords.

more respect than they were one time advised to do by the least discreet of their supporters. That advice was, however, given when it was fondly hoped in some quarters that the mere revelation of the terms of the Bill, or at all events the discussion that ensued upon the re- velation, would result in discrediting the Govern- ment and in disintegrating their supporters in Parliament. But much has happened since then. The Bill has been revealed in all its details; it has been debated with the utmost keenness, not to say bitterness, and at an unprecedented length, yet there have been no upheavals of popular in- dignation in the country, and the solid ranks of the supporters of the Government have shown no signs of that disintegration which was so confi- dently talked about. The Ministers have through- out the prolonged fight against a watchful and, at times, a not over-scrupulous Opposition, been backed up by majorities,which,though fluctuating from night to night as must always be the case in Parliamentary warfare, have displayed practically no indication of permanent diminution. With such a respectable endorsement upon it the Bill was, at the end of last week, consigned to the tender mercies of the Lords. Under the circum- stances, there could be no suggestion of giving it that contumelious treatment which was at one time hinted at, and even openly threatened. As the Bill had weathered the storm so successfully in the House of Commons, it would not have been judicious on the part of their Lordships to "throw it out" without even discussing it. It was, therefore, read a first time en Friday night, immediately after passing the third reading in the Commons, and on Tuesday evening a "full-dress" debate was opened upon it in the Gilded Chamber. That it would be rejected was,of course,beyond dis- pute, but it is, in its way, some little satisfaction to know that the Peers have felt called upon to offer an elaborate defence of the action they are taking. Had they been as certain as they profess to be that the country is on their side, the Bill would have received a short shrift indeed. The distinction of moving the rejection of the Bill was conferred on the Duke of DEVONSHIRE. The Duke, as everyone admits, is the possessor of many solid qualities, but among his acquirements is not that of lively oratory. It has been said that when, as Marquis of Hartington, he made his first speech in the House of Commons he attracted much attention by stopping to yawn in the middle of a sentence. It may be surmised, therefore, that at that time, though he did figure as a Liberal politican, he was not animated by any of the vehemence of the popular reformer. Nor has he been at any period of his career since then. Probably no political proposal of recent times has so ruffled the equanimity of his temper as that of Hoine Buie, yet it is reported by one eye-witness of the historic scene in the House of Lords on Tuesday evening, that at some points in the Duke's speech "the most pressing question in the minds of onlookers was whether the Duke would fall asleep first or whether precedence would be taken by the audience." What was wanted in fire and force in the indictment of Home Rule by the Doke of DEVONSHIRE, was, however, on the fol- lowing evening amply supplied by that of the Duke of ARGYLL. This descendant of Highland chieftains was particularly fierce in his denuncia- tions of Mr. GLADSTONE. The Prime Minister is, he tells us, a "fanatic," and the Bill he has con-;

ceived "an imposture." The Duke of Attaya i 5 clearly of the same opinion as another eminent Scotchman, that the inhabitants of these islar'ds are mostly fools. For the Duke cannot denoun°

the Premier without at the same time denouneini the people amongst whom he lives. Mr. GOP' STONE 13 supported by more than half the flotO of Commons, and by more than half of the peolb who elect the House of Commons. It was a great° man than the Duke of ARGYLL who said," You call int indict a nation."

THE Trades Union Con,gress--er The Labour Parliament. the Parliament of Labour as it hsl. been aptly termed—is this Wet in session at Belfast. The debates and decisions c" the three hundred and eighty delegates who are' present are of greater significanco than the pr°- ceedings in the House cf Lords. These delegate. iirectly repressnt close upon a million working men, while indirectly they speak on behalf of rusgi: more. The hereditary legislators,. represer" nobody but themselves.. While the Lords are as. reactionary as ever, the Trades Union Congress iS more and more outspoken every year in dealia with social questions. On Wednesday, Mr. 131: TILLETT moved a resolution in favour of indepeou' ent labour representation, and—as a necessari corollary—of the formation of a fund to meet 011 the incidental expenses. This in itself went littlfr if any, further than proposals which had beg favourably received at previous Congresses, but remarkable addition was made to it in the course of the debate. A London delegate moved en, resolution to the effect that " Candidates receivir) financial assistance must pledge themselves t°3 support the principle of collective ownership ag,, control of all the moans of production and distr) bution, and the labour programme as agreed uP°lii from time to time by the Congress." This, course, as was quickly pointed out, is rs!). Socialism. A State in which there is a " collet ownership and control of all the means c production" is, beyond question, a Socialisli State. As was remarked by a Durhsg) delegate when a proposal of this kind was put he' fore them it was necessary for the Congress to de- fine its position—whether it was to be "T 1 Unionist," or whether it was to be manipulated !Y Socialistic tendencies. The answer to this aPPeI was emphatic and decisive—so far as the preseotogr, Congress is concerned at all events. On g being taken the Socialistic proposal of the Leo :• - delegate was carried by the large majority hundred and fifty,to fifty-two votes. It is questl,eeil able, however, whether the Congress quite resits t the full meaning of the resolution it had passed; immediately after, it rejected a proposal of- ▪ „ KEIR HARDIE, M.P., that Labour members of t" House of Commons should always sit on the or position benches until they were numerous en'grlg.o to form a Labour Cabinet. Yet a party whose rse,lo plank is the collective ownership and control oft"_A means of production can scarcely be iderltl?: with either of the existing parties. Allowl.; however, for all deductions the resolutle seems to indicate a wide departure from to Traci policy of what is known as the "old ". Unionism.

How to deal with the 1113'.;1 The Unemployed. ployed is likely to be a creel' question during the coming Iglu; ter. It seems to be a general opinion that, eveli after the colliers have resumed work, there still be in all parts of the country an abnorrae',n) large number of men who will find it impossible v; '-obtain work for their willing hands to do. rrhije being so, great responsibilities will fall upon ptib'o, bodies, and particularly upon Boards of Guardiseo As a rule Guardians are difficult to move fe°.r their usual red-tape routine, and indeed the„if power of initiating new methods is not ve's ample. It seems, however, that London Guardie at all events, have become alive to the fact that t. .oftt, new departure in their ways of dealing "hot the unemployed is now necessary. It is pia t.:14 several of the metropolitan Boards are considerloo schemes for getting the unemployed upee land, either by establishing farm colonies some - some other ways. This seems to be a move lof right direction. English land is going eev eo cultivation in many districts, yet it hes proved by many striking examples that soil wmt'ile is starved and de-fertilised, so to speak, under, tbs restrictions and impediments in the waY el' be ordinary cultivator, can, under other auspicos? made to produce highly profitable cropo. ot unemployed should, under judicious manage be able to at least produce a subsistence Wage' ------ COLLIERS ENTERTAINED. lare Soup, meat, ham, bread, were given to Bawl. number of colliers at the Joiners' Arras. General Elliott Hotel, Croft, and other Pla'-or Monday and Tuesday. Upwards of 400 were plied on Monday at the General Elliott &tel.! LIVERPOOL DIOCESAN C.E.T.S. Sunday last was Temperance Sunday at St.olo. Church, Great San Key. The sermons in aidbY the, funds of the society were as usual preached secretary, the Rev. J. Hirst. The amount coliejteY was £7, the largest sum ever contributed at Sa.,,°oflC for the funds of the society. The excellent "ad Misstireot „ in Warrington has probably increased the being done by the Society's Police Court in its operations. ,0 WARRINGTON COUNTY COURT.—LAST WORK. Pc During the year 1892 there were in the lish and Welsh County Court circuits plaints entered, the aggregate sums ' amounting to £3,167,529, on account of " £1,629,264 was received and paid to suitors.,,,oort fees amounted to £454,786. In Warrington ~73ted: the business done was RF follows ;—Plaitits efl;ocl • ef Not exceeding £2O, 4,481; above £2O £5O, 35; above £5O, 3. Actions defended ; " cO' jury, 1; without a jury, 2,890. Judgments,., fot plaintiff, 1,400; for plaintiff by consent, 03,17 iee plaintiff by default, 105; non-suits, 4; for ants, 21. Judgment bummon.es: Issued, ;'&11i. heard, 961. Warrants of committal: Isetle'oodB. debtors imprisoned, 23. Execution against g0,g34: 1,352; sales made, 8. Amounts claimed: amount for which judgments were obtained, e fee, si ve of tees and costs, £5,081; costs excludiog £403; fees, £1,728. ,wrlt UMBTIRLLA9 RE-COVERED.—J. andW. DUTTON, ,3- Wanington,—Acirt. HORTICULTURAL EXHIBITION. ;on On Saturday, the ninth annual exhibit'ectioi; limits, flowers, fruit and vegetables 19C°05 ne bell"

plants, flots ~ Tt with the lloughton Horticultural Society' in Myddleton Hall Park (kindly lent Comber), bY -ireo for he the weather being all that could be des 400 occasion. There were upwards °flare exhittle s, which were tastefully arranged in tt„ter• marquee erected by Mr. Eastwood, of :klaneu%"riot The show was an excellent one, and much to last year. The fruit and vegetable 0155518,tea very good. The judges of the best ellIt;;,-ble cottage garden, plants, fruit, flowers end vege„-d iv,i were Messrs. E. Green, of Warrin ton,rt:et: Johnson, gardener to the Rev. CanongrellrhYll' rill 3 tor the farmers' class Messrs. S. Thomason, Coftosire' G. March, Newton. Mr. G. Comber, J•P.,ciosinr.,,itito, sident, Mr. G. Mather, chairman of the Mr. G. Darbyshire, treasurer, and Mr. 30" ,tillafter secretary. Thera was a large attendance, MIS uonitorg a short speech from Canon Penrhyn, distributed the prizes to the successful coreP,etifroo about six o'clock. Mr. TIJOMpBOII'S band 'II arrington played for dancing until du,sl' tile W Winwick Schools annual sports were held -WO "ame time and place, and at the conclul3 flon M •Tulel argaret Comber distributed the prizes, vibic been given by Mrs. Comber.

ii:

C.YeLi ‘-' Pi;

.+..-,,_ _...

Itv. Sunc Of the / etal „When awn",

The 4be collect; aospi 'ocers

The Plead )40Rda ilttend des E 11‘.1 Th cent c teens large .IvE

On with tijld t t`ull

atte—tit Vem y take

Cla Ttik

tit ts,

h

I

------•••"

IaYLL eminent

sions who' ho t- elegatel wol'

Is are gresS

,oved ?ceivia

)1 veil lip all!

or " lb i Lb° itin°3 ovia,

he )nough e rvai°

na Crigi°s

Lineni, i OCia i Wirr 9 et eVe I .11 OP !Mall/ ble t°

LOCAL NEWS.

This )üblie fro? thelc ' ver9 Jia9°' with hat thiA eri4

BtE6 6 oil gur

if) el° icor r or res"

'the SHIP CANAL MISSION, RUNCORN. • s annual harvest thanksgiving services were held Of ay, and were conducted by Miss M. C. Hodgson e Lake district The Volunteer band rendered sev- ral selections. I%m • in want of a CHASTE and ELEGANT WEDDING or AT PRESENT go to PRITCHARD'S, 51, High-st.—Advt. ST. PAUL'S WESLEYAN CHAPEL, RUNCORN. on Sunday by Mr. Moses Atkinson, of Leeds. • annual sermons in aid of the choir fund were Lt3.l;ec.hloeidr h rendered several anthems effectively. The t'ons realised EV. 11/....1"n PRITCHARD, 51, High-street, Runcorn, keeps --,Lct.za to suit all sights, from a shilling a alr.—Advt 811111 i CROSS PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHAPEL. 11 e annual harvest festival was held on Sunday. The w.oeacher was the Rev. D. Rogers, of Manchester. On aday at a tend " fruit banquet" was held. There was a good ancek' • TEPa Parrcusan, Watchmaker and jeweller, 51; High The It Vfitaves WESLEYAN CIRCUIT. dentV. J. Wilcox, the newly appointed Superinten- tbo the Widnes circuit, preached two eloquent ser- lona in V ctoria-road Chapel on Sunday. There were 0" eon: rs?ations. 11.;', to, PRITCHARD'S, 51. High-street, Runcorn; for the best tvluxca. WATCH a workingman can have.—ddat. SALE OP SHIP CANAL PLANT AT RUNCORN. .wlYthntik:londay the sale of the plant used in connection he constructbqs of the Ship Csnsl at Runcorn was pu,• s; bY auction by Mr. Horsey (of the firm of Messrs. er, Horsey, and Cassell, London). There was a good „fndoauce of engineers and contractors, and fair prices btamed for the machinery. tallleY•eu want your WATCH REPAIRED by skilled workmen 't to PRITCHARD'S.—Advt WIDNES WESLEYAN CIRCUIT. I,3llThursday evening:Eibout WO sat down to an excel- tea at Lacey-st. Schoolroom, on the occasion of the tba• °Yllng of the two ministers recently appointed to and CC .It, viz., Rev. J. Wile )3r, superintendent, Art„ the Rev. C. J. Preston, assistant minister. , , aide-ci `ea a public meeting was held in the chapel, pre- over by Mr. Councillor G. Davies who waPOrtd s by the Revs. J. W. ISilcock, J. C. Preston ; sea. is. Hunan, Robinson. S. Jackson, and William- ,

O SllOOllll6 SUICIDE AT RUNCORN. Thuraday night, Samuel Richard White, a tanner, Girty-eight, living at 56, Hatton-road, Runcorn, 17nitted suicide by hanging himself in a shed at the "1t,r,,°9114 premises. It seems that he asked his wife on Tri:,sndY evening to attend the harvest festival at ."'tY Church and she went. On her return about shed .- Q. nine:she found her husband hanging in the b, • An alarm was raised, and White was cut down t,la neighbour, but life was extinct. Deceased had f;::. nue end of the rope to two rafters in the shed, and -niened the other end twice around hie neck. He had 130:1 been discharged from the asylum three or four rjs, and in this institution he had been confined some °lltbe- An inquest will be held. On MARRIAGE OF A RUNCORN FOOTBALLER. Monday afternoon, at Bethesda Congregational Sh irlt Runcorn, the marriage of Mr. S. Abrams, of astnan-street, to Miss M. L. Peers, daughter of Mr. D'hnnas Peers' of 1.1, Union-street, was celebrated in the ~,-esence of a large congregation. The ceremony was t..esornied by the Rev. J. S. Simpson, pastor. The Dridegroom for many years has been a member of the ,?enecorn Football Club, and has had the distinction of 55'g the the Cheshire jersey for the past two or three Fiis many admirers join in wishing him and prosperity and happiness in their wedded life. happy couple were the recipients of many Presents. ciptaplteßAßß's have now stood the teat for fifty yeara, and ,4tYand tint-class work maned') are etlll guaranteed.— DISTRESS AT WIDNES. There is nothing new to report in regard to the labour ' ' s at Widnes, but should the strike of collie's con- e,' ne More works will be stopped next week end. The crTor (Alderman Gossage) has started a renef fund, and IPatinus have been promised to the amount of £64 Subscriptions are also promised to the amount *;92 159, per week. An efficient committee has been 41,ted, and about 800 tickets are distributed daily, I :4:3 ueing provided for nearly 3,000 persons, soup and , ',stew is the food provided. Councillor G. I. Neil In" outing the week fed about a thousand people, and 4113 have also been provided by Messrs. Jos. Kiddie, p Foater (Central Hotel), J. Mitchell, J. White, T. L. Herriman and Tam Laws (Commercial Hotel). united Alkali Co. besides paying £l,OOO per week in for work not immediately necessary are subscrib- 'B £3O per week towards the relief fund. The RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUB. opening match of the season will take place on the n_well-lane ground this Saturday afternoon, when the p 7: covered stand is to be opened by the President, Mr., 404°Peakman, J.P., C.C. Two strong teams are an- foitotleo, CO that a splendid game may be expected. The • ga Yving are the names of the players of the two or- monizations :—Runcorn: S. Houghton, full-back ; E. J. baeri,risi J. H. Crompton, T. Warder, three-quarter S. Abrams, J. Faulkner, half-backs ; W. le,—,,s`nee, J. Davies, H. Williams. H. Farmer, J. Lang- f:alizi..lll'ece' A. Taylor, W. Jordan, and J. J. Stubbs, Pn.7.ards. Halifax : J. Nash, full back ;A. S. Toothill, rtl W. H. Keepings, W. Jackson, three-quarter Arnold and A. Rigz, half backs ; 0. Fletcher, •8. • , Wilakcill A. Wilson, 13. Mellor, T. Brown, J. W. - - -

_ 4* &Knowles, and A. Roberts, forwards. 0 FUNERAL OF A RUNCORN SCHOOL TEACHER. Monday afternoon the remains of Mr. William Phreys Richards, aged 16 years. son at Mr. W. H. it:l;7' 11s Beacon Rill View, Weston Point, were interred a "."e Rui,corn Cemetery by the Rev. Thomas Wilkes, esleYan by Mr. B. Crosby, headmaster of the Brunswick y. Boys' School. The deceased for the past three ..ara 'iao been engaged as teacher at the above school, , Bad shown promise of a very successful career. He ago hOWever, seized with a serious illness a few days '974 irlich terminated fatally on Thursday. The funeral .of sltended by the teachers as well as a large number "!elars belonging to Brunswick School. Several izsutiful wreaths were placed Fr),,forwarded by the teachers and scholars as a token respect to his memory. At the grave-side the taXre, a gave an effective rendering of the hymm -"enig " Jesu, lover of my soul." A 81% JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, RUNCORN. ' 4%1.'3 advertieed in our columns, the friends of the above itTlreh have succeeded in securing the services of the ea„v• Puleston Jones for their Sunday School anniver- .`Y Meetings. As thiewill be the first visit to the town hold th e above celebrated preacher, whose name is a house- in Wales, it may not be out of place to so- 41e Int the public with some of the many remark- , av,e etharae teristi es of the man they may ;nl privilege of heating on Sunday. Mr. pesto he n Jon nephew of who is a nephe of Sir John ciellleaton, late M.P. for Carnarvonshire Boroughs, was istilerrived early in life of the natural eyesight, which min- -8 80 much to the enjoyment of earth's treasures. atOgh losing the means considered so essential to the lia,s"a,einient of knewledge,he has nevertheless had a bril- z-en6 cideholoasnti.e cuper. He received his early a...?cation in the school for the blind, and afterwards e: the tuition of the Rev. Lewis BallYar" D. D., Bala, from whence he entered honioi College. Oxford, where he graduated with tor„°4", being the prizeman of his. year in his- ' 4,,c-:• As a preacher Mr. Jones is, in his own original otn've, unequalled, having, as the Rev. John McNeil in )34 °I the conferences described, " a more than ordi- insight into the realms of the spiritual." Last APecs,this divine had the honour of being the first , unian to preach in the French chapel of Canter- ...s' Cathedral. 2s. To s M4B„. -'• IN TIIE OFF, on all rash orders at It. W. av fullel3. Furn are iture Whouse Bridge-Foot, Warrington. r advt. page 4. —Advt: , u -OANG ACCIDENT ON THE Sea, CANAL. Shr reg'legZoaday evening a man named Samuel Coleman, at Latchford, and who is empioyel oil the P CA. I as engine driver's assistant,was stepping "Lippe° and fell, which was in motion, when lie • d fell, the wheels of the tender ps.ssing uver b at 0„...18 feet and crushing them severely. He was tie 40 conveyed to the Latchford Hospital, where dltes Wae attended to by the bouie-surgeon,

iS IslandS noune )unoing GLAD- BOO peOple greater ion cart' ress—Or ,s it ll° WOOJI , Of ara Pr°. ,gates olciog maul >rose° as dealing' Ir. BSI 10100' )cosaiLl, lest t little, been but uirft to luLl (I UP°ll, 110, °I s ,11COtI ;OS )ilrharli ptlt be" s to de- Trilde" Lted bY aPPea; orosev" a vote Jorldc43 of o°9 estiolr ealised sed,for of W' of tbe

===== 0002601_18930909_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
1111

WARRINGTON CRUELTY CAsE. At the Wigan Borough Police Court, on Thursday, Thomas Pilkington, of Bewsev`road. Warrington, was charged with cruelty to a horse by driving it in an unlit condition. The defendant having ap- peared befo,re :on a shailar charge was fined 40s. and costs. TRAVELLING TRUNKS.—J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-at., Warrington. , A CYCLIST COMES TO tirRIEF. On Sunday evening, a cyclist, named Thomas Johnson, residing at Houghton Green, was riding down Pudgate-lane, on ' his bicyele, when be sud- denly came to grief, owing to the centre bar of the bicycle breaking. He was thrown to the ground, but escaped with a severe shaking. _ ' LAWN TENNIS.—GARLIND, Ironmonger, Warrington and narlestown. TEE MAYOR OF WARRINGTON. The Mayor (Alderman Greenall) wno is at present with the Mayoress at Harrogate has considerably improved in health. In the absence of his Worship and also the deputy Mayor, Alderman Francomb, the chair, at Tuesday's meeting of the Town Coun- cil was occupied by Alderman Sutton. GARDEN SEAM—GARLAND, Manufacturing Ironmonger, Warrington. _

HARVEST THANKSGIVING AT PADGATE. On Thursday evening, the annual harvest festival was held at Christ Church, Padgate. There was n good congregation, and the church was tastefully decorated with flowers, vegetables, corn, and other farm produce, which gave the church a pretty appearance. The preacher was the Right Rev. Bishop Royston, D.D., assistant bishop of the diocese, whose sermon was suitable to the occasion. ALL HOUSEHOLD LINEN, hemmed and marked. free of charge.—J. and W. Durros. Sankev-st.—Advt.

- FARM FIRE. Information reached Warrington early on Afon- day morning, that the farm premises of Mr. Isaac Warburton, Woolston, were on fire. On the arrival lof the fire brigade it was found that the barn and tiiippons were completely destroyed as the fire had continued for a considerable time before it was dis- covered. However, all the live stock were safely rescued. The firemen directed their efforts to pre- venting the spread of the flames, and in this they were successful, although the supply of water was some distance away. The damages, which are covered by insurance, amount to .£3OO. The origin of the fire is attributed to the carelessness of a tramp. ALL HOUSEHOLD -LINEN, hemmed and marked, free of charm.. —3. and W. DUTTON, Sankey et.—Advt. AN AT'TEMPT TO BREAK The RECORD. Fletcher, the well-known cyclist, who hopes to break Mill's record in the journey from Land's End toJohn O'Groat's, arrived in Warrington on Wed- nesday morning at 9.18. He looked remarkably fresh and well. He was accompanied by Siddall and Adams. His appearance at this early hour was altogether unexpected, and he passed through the town almost unnoticed. He partook of refresh- ments at the Norton Arms Hotel, but only is seven minutes. Up to the present he s a lew minutes within Mill's record, but he has the greater part of the journey yet to perform. ALL HOUSEHOLD LINEN, hemmed and marked, free of charge.—L and W. Durrox, Saakey-st.—Adt.t.

ANNUAL TREAT. The annual treat of the scholars of the Croft Board School was held in splendid weather on Saturday afternoon. At, one o'clock the children assembled at the Board School, and at two a pro- cession was formed, and headed by the Firs-lane brass band they paraded the village and afterwards returned to the school for tea, to which about 250 persons sat down. Nuts and sweets were distri- buted, and the children proceeded to a field on Heath Farm (kindly lent by Mr. E. W. Sankey, one of the members of the School Board), where a variety of games and sports took place, and the band played for dancing until dusk. Dancing afterwards took place in the school until eleven o'clock. _ . .

----- UMBRELLAS RE-COVERED.—J. and W.DUTTON. Sankey-st., Warrington.— Adv. SHOCKING SUICIDE. A shocking suicide took place on Thursday at Warringoon. A labourer at Messrs. Crosfield's Soap Works, named James Unsworth, residing at 17, Bostock-staeet, had been rather de- pressed in spirits for some time, but followed his employment until Monday. He went to Dr. Jack on Tuesday and was supplied with some medicine. He was very nervous and appeared to think that some on was after him to do him some harm. Early on Thursday morning he went a walk with a friend named William Princep. They returned at about 8.30 a.m., and Princep left deceased at his own house. At about 11.15 deceased was in the kitchen when without any warning he picked up a razor and cut his throat and died soon afterwards.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON DEBATING SOCIETY.

A preliminary meeting of the above named Society was held in St. Austin's Chambers on Thurs- day evening. The business of the meetitig was to elect officers and prepare the syllabus for the ensu- ing session. There was a good attendance and a good number of members were enrolled. The chair was occapied by Mr. Hulse. Mr. Robert Pierpoint, M.P., was re-elected president and all the vice- presidents were re-elected. Mr. John Gandy was appointed chairmen of the committee, and Messrs. Kent, Hulse, Sdcock, and Longland were elected vice-chairman. The committee is to consist of the I following members :—Messrs. Horton, W. Cromp- ton, Elijah Ford, J. J. Neild, E. Lyon, and [Jarring- ton. Mr. Dutton was appointed treasurer, and Messrs. Arthur Bennett, and E. J. Hall, lion secre- taries. It was unanimously decided to hold the meetings in St. Austin's Chambers every Tuesday evening. At the first meeting to be held on the second Tuesday in October, Mr. Dutton was re- quested to open a debate on the " Action of the Ilouse of Lords with respect to Home Rule." Mr. A. H. Crosfield has kindly consented to take the chair. It was also decided to have a concert the first Thursday in October, the arrangement being left in the hands of Mr. Kent. A numberof papers were promised and the session promises to be one of the most successful the society has had. A vote of thanks to Mr. Hulse for presiding concluded the proceedings. NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED, if made at once at Msnmes Furniture Warehouse, Bridge Foot, Warrington, --See fuller Adv., page 4.—Adrt. SAD DROWNING .CASE. _ _

- --- An inquest was held at the Black Bear Inn,Latch- ford, on Wednesday afternoon, by Mr. F. A. Jones, deputy county coroner, touching the death of John Smith, a Ship Canal labourer, residing at Warrington View,Canal Bank,Latchford. The deceased was found drowned in the Old Quay Canal. near Black Bear Bridge, on Monday night. Mr. K. Smith, brother of the deceased, was the first witness called, and said deceased was 31 years of age. He last saw him alive on Saturday aPernoon, when he was leav- ing the " mail " about 2.30. Deceased was a very steady man and regular in his habits. -Richard Pilkington, of 571, Knutsford-road, said he was in company with the deceased on Satuiday night. He joined him about 9.30 in Walker's Vaults, Bridge- st.,and temained there with him until eleven o'clock when they returned home in comrany with another man named James Allen. They arrived at Black Bridge at 11.30 when they separated, the deceased going home along the canal bank. Ile considered deceased quite capable of walking home, though not perfectly sober. Constable Evans said from in- formation he received, he commenced dragging in the canal at 6-30 on Monday evening, and re- covered the body at 7.40. It was about 80 yards from the bridge and about 200 yards from deceased's home. The water was about 6ft. deep there. There seemed no signs of a struggle having taken place. The jury returned a verdict of "Found drowned." Mr. Patterson, a juryman, suggested a rider being added, as to the unprotected path, but it was found !hit the road was a private one,

===== 0002601_18930909_art0056.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
C.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE EXAMINER, SATITDAY, SITTEMBER 9, 1893.

RUNCORN IMPRON EMEN T bIONEIS

The monthly meeting of tl.is Board was held on Wednesday morning, at the. Town Hall, Runcorn. There were present —Messrs.S. Taylor (chairman), F. 111,4wa11, W. Fisher, 11. J. Chloe R. Abel. W. Ilaudley, J. W. Lightburn, James Dobson. W. Han- kinson, D. Bisbrown, T. Lea, %V. Leach, and E. 'Wynne-Iluraphreys ; F. A. Lake (law clerk), E. Marshall (secretary), M. Barker (surveyor), and Dr. McDougall (medical officer of health).

{useful member, and the ratepayets a representative who had been a valuable servant to them for a long period. Mr. Bisbrown added a word of appreciation to the ser- vices rendered by Mr. Fisher.—The Chairman stated that he had worked with Mr. Fisher for a number of years on that Board and in committee, and from experi- ence he could say that ho had been of great use and advantage to the ratepayers of Runcorn. (Hear, hear). —Mr. Fisher expressed his sincere thanks for the kind expressions made regarding his services. He had per- formed his little duties amongst them to the best of hia ability, and did not expect to find the manner in which he had done so to be estimated so highly. Though he was leaving the Board he could amaze them that he would not cease to take an intert in the affars of the town. It might be that at some future time he would again offer his services to the ratepayers.—The minutes were confirmed. RE-APPOINTMENT OF NUISANCE INSPECTOR. - - .

- - The Local Government Board in sanctioning the re- appointment of Mr. Percival, as sanitary inspector, at a salary of £125 a year, expressed their satisfaction at being informed that the Runcorn Urban Sanita7 Autho- rity were making arrangement whereby the inspector of nuisances for the district would be relieved of the duty connected with the sale of nightsoil.

DISTRESS IN WARRINUTO.

OPENING OF A SOUP KITCHEN.

As was to be expected the prolongation of the coal strike and its couse quent serious effect upon local industries has caused great distress .in Warring- ton. The ironworkers have been the most seriously effected by the strike, and fel some weeks a large number of them have not dono a " stroke of work." This has told sadly upon their wives and families, who have felt the pinch of hunger. Fortunately, however, the weather has not been cold and the distress not so -marked as it otherwise would have been. On Saturday afternoon at a meeting of working-men, held on the' Fairground, when,the question as to the best means of relieving the distress in the town caused by loss of employment by the coal strike, was considered, a resolution was passed calling the attention of the authorities and clergy of the town to the distress, and asking for something to be done to relieve it. At the conclusion of the usual business at thc Police Court, on Monday, Mr. Diggle came for ward and handed a copy of the resolution passed on Satarday to the magistrates. Mr. niggle was followed by some representative working-men of the town. The result of a conversatiob with the magistrates was the formation of a distress committee, of which the magistrates pre- sent formed part, to receive subscriptions and open a soup kitchen. A meeting of the committee was held in the Drill Hall at 1 30, to take into consideration the best means of getting to work at once. Mr. F. Monks, J.P., presided, and there: were also present Mr. ,T. W. Hay- ward, J.P., Mr. S. Wright, J.P., Mr. Lyon Whittle (town clerk), Mr. S. Wilson (deputy clerk), and the de- putation who attended the police court. A telegram in reply to one sent by the Town Clerk was received from the Mayor (Mr.E. Greenall), in reference to the utibr, tion of the balance of .£lO from last year's distress fund. The telegram read : "Yes certainly, by all means." With the offer of food fr-un Mr. Diggle ani subscriptions promised, the CM eittee at once set to work in provid- ing soup and 1re...1. At seven o'clock the Drill Hall pre- sented an unusual appearance. Men, women, and chil- dren Ir:eta to be seen flocking to the hall with cans, eartiaenware jars of every description, and even buckei for the ga atuitous food. A long single file were waiting their turn, and for some time the committee were kept busy ladling the soup out and distributing the half loaves of bread. -

The kitehen WAR acain ripened on Tuesday, and was continued each day until yesterday, when a nouce was ; posted on the entrance doers, intimatiog that no more ' food would be distributed after that day until Monday. The tickets for reljefluave been in the hands of the Com- mittee, and about 1,500 people have received food each day, costing on the average about £7 104. per day. Toe fond consisted of soap, bread and pitatoes. Etch da.y 500 loaves have been given away, and about 20 loads of potatoes have been distributed; One hundred pounds of mmt has been used,in the soup each day. The relief funds received up to yesterday have almost been ex- hausted, and after Monday the supply will be discon- tinued unless the funds receive a substantial addition. An appeal for help has been §ent to the clergy in the town by Mr. Wilson, hon. secretary, and it may be mentioned that half the collections realised in Wycliffe Church to- morrow will be devoted to the distress fund. A football match is to be played on the Wilderspool enclosure to- day (Saturday) when married footballers will meet the single. The proceeds will be given to the distress fund. To relieve some of the out-of-works the Corporation have engaged about forty or fifty men in cleansing yards, courts, passages, tv.., in different parts of the town. After an examination of their circumstances by Alderman Wright, J.P. and Mr. John Price, one of the members of the Workingmen's General Relief Committee, they engaged those most needing pecuniary assistance. A number of children are to be regaled with coffee and buns, to-morrow (Sunday) morning, but the expenses are not being defrayed by the general relief committee. A committee has been formed at Dallam and Bewsey forges to relieve workmen, some of whom have been very reluctant to apply at the Drill Hall. • MEETING OF WORKINGMEN.

The meeting held on Saturday afternoon in the Fair- ground was convened by Mr. Diggle. Several addresses were given by forgemen and others. The speeches, which were short, were delivered from a lorry which had. been drawn up near the wall at the further end of the ground. There was a very small attendance of the pub- lic.—Mr. Diggle said he had convened the meeting to raise funds for those men who had been thrown out of employment owing to the colliers' strike. Be had found by mixing with people that a large number of them were starving. He was anxious for a soup and bread kitchen to be opened. It was well-known that the great bulk of the shopkeepers could give nothing, and he wished, therefore, to appeal to the higher classes. A workingman said he had done five " turns " in five weeks. Recently he went to work, but was so weak, owing to the want of find, that after he had been em- ployed two hours he had to return home. He had a wife and five children to kesp. He received about 63. for a day's work. Another man said he had "done nothing" for three weeks. He had a family of six to look after. He had nothing coming in. He had been round "cadg- ing," and by this means obtained some potatoes, butter- milk, and bread and cheese. He had to pay 4s. a week for rent. Another man out of employment said he was the father of nine children, two of whom were at work, but their united wages did not amount to 6s. a week. Another working-man said he knew of several families in Bewsey-road who did not know where their next meal would come from. People could not ray their rent if they were out of work. Several other men spoke; one lof whom said he had only done five weeks' work in 22 weeks. His family numbered five. Now and again the neighbours had given him a crust of bread. Another said he had not wanted for bread yet, but the state of affairs at his house was bad. He had done little work during the past five weeks. An ironworker said there were men present who were "hard up" and in want of food, but people were "a little bit proud and dia not ike others to know they were poor." Fhey would "sooner suffer unto death rather than do it." After an address from Mr. Diggle upon the origin of the colliers' strike, it was resolved that that gentleman be asked to wait upon the Mayor to ask for his assistance on behalf of those men out of emvloyment in Warrington. It was further re- solved, "That we, ratepayers and others, do pledge our- selves to do .11 that lies in our power to call the attention of the authorities and clergy of the town to the great distress that is in our midst through the colliers' strike, and that something should be done to relieve the suffer- ing of the people at once."

===== 0002601_18930909_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
TH HEALTII• OF THE TOWN.

De: McDougall, in his report, stated that the number of deaths regi-tered during the past month amounted to 44. Of these four were inquest cases,and of the reitain- ing 40, nine were due to diarrhata, two to throat affec- tion, seven tu mesenteric disease, two to pneumonia, three to broi,chitis, three t 3 premature :birth. two to natural decay, and one each to whooping cough, denti- tion,' parturition, apoplexy,fistula, skin disease,ptithisis, gastric catarrh, ulceration, hemorrhage, erysipelas, and softening of the brain. The 44 deaths showed an aver- ac rate of 2+3 4, and exclusive of the inquest cases of. 24 per thousand of the estimated population. Of them 21 were infants und4r ,ne year of age, and three were infants over one and under two years of age.—Mr. Bark, r ctated that the number of deaths during the .a me period last year was 311.—Mr. Ilisbrown stated there was an idea in the town that there was a large number of cases of typhoid and slow fever, and he would like some authoritative statement as to whether there was any need for an uneasy feeling.—Dr. McDou- gall remarked that there was always fever prevalent at the present time of the year.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGHWAYS AND BUILDINGS COMMITTEE.

_ It was recommended by the above committee that the tender of the Croft Granite and Concrete Company to deliver and lay ttieir two-inch adamant flags on the canal side of High-street, from Waterloo Bridge to the Ship Canal Company's warehouse, at 4s. 10d. per square yard, te accepted; that the amended plan submitted by the surveyor of a shed for the steam roller, and making provision for the housing of a steam fire engine be adopted, and that the tender of Mr. J. Sefton to build such shed for the sum of £9O 10s. be accepted, also that a flue for a smithy be constructed, the cost of the works to be defrayed out of loan account ; and that the plan of Mr. D. Watkin for the erection of sevea cottages in Cooper-street be approved.—Mr. Handley asked how many tenders were received respecting the erection of the new shed in question. He thought the amounts should be published, so that the members could not be charged with doing anything with wLich the ratepayers were not made acquainted. He moved a resolution that this information should be supplied.—Mr. Leach seconded.—Several members pointed out the inconveni- ence that might arise from such a proceeding, and toe proposition was lost by nine votes to three.—The minutes were adopted on the motion of Mr. %swell, seconded by Mr. Grice. - - -

PORT SANITARY AUTHORITY FOR RUNCORN. The Health Committee reported the Minutes would be submitted relating to the drafts ot orders which the local Government proposed issuing, permanently constituting a port sanitary authority for the customs port of of Run- corn' and providing for the performance by the Liver- pool Pott Sanitary Authority of certain duties which would otherwise devolve npon the Runcorn Port Sanit- ary Authority.—Mr. Lightburn,in moving the confirma- tion of the minutes, stated that although cholera was making towards England, there was nothing to cause alarm in their district. The Port of Runcorn commenced I little above Ince and went as far as Warrington on the Cheshire side, and from Dungeon to Warrington on the Lancashire side. The upper reaches of the Mersey touched upon four riparian authorities. These were the Runcorn Sanitary Authority, the Runcorn Urban Authority, the Corporation of Widnes, and the Corpora- tion of Warrington. The Runcorn Commissioners took the precaution throe years ago to make an arrange- ment with Liverpool to deal with every cholera-stricken ship as if they belonged to Liverpool,and to charge them with the cost. So far they had no cases, and thereforei it had uot cost Runcorn one penny. Although they were geeerally termed a slow authority.they were the only one which had made such an arrangement,and theywere three years in advance of their neighbours. Upon their agree- ment, the Local Government Board had based their in- structions. An inquiry had been held, and the result was the reception of two documents, one constituting a joint Board and the second a new cholera regulation. The Port Sanitary Authority of Runcorn was to become' of a permanent character, and was intended to deal with all infectious diseases. It was proposed to consist of 13 members amid the representation was based chiefly on the amount of tonnage of vessels dealt with at the several ports. Runcorn Union was to have five members, Runcorn Commissioners four members, Widnes three, and Warrington one. The 13,,ard would have a medi- cal officer and a clerk as permanent staff. The members were elected frem the Corporations named on that Board, and any vacancy through death or otherwise would be filled by the authority which the member represented. The costs of any question arising between the riparian authorities would be settled by the arbitra- tion clauses of the Public Health Act, 1875 ; and any question as to finance by the Local Government Board. Any vessel coming to Runcorn with disease fa board would be intercepted at Liverpool, and dealtwitti as though it were a Liverpool ship, and the costs incurred would be chargeable upon the Joint Board. In dealing with that matter he had three resolutions to propose. One had respect to their representation. This was based upon the tonnage dealt with at their docks. In doing so, credit had been given to them for 77,000 tons per year. That was based on half a year's work. The docks had been closed for twelve months, and taking the two pre- vious half years, the average was 85,000 tons, or some 170,000 tons for the year. This being so they asked that their representation be increased. The order constituted three as a quorum. That was insufficient, and 'seeing that joint interests were involved, they asked that an alteration be made to five. The other proposition was that it should be made clear that they could recover from the owner of a ship any costs that might,be incurred in dealing with it at Liverpool. One weakness in their agreement with Liverpool was supposing that cholera was in embryo in Liverpool, and the ship passed inspec- tion, and got into Ruucorn docks, then they had no power to force the captain back to the mooring station at the Sloyne. That was pointed out, and the Local Government Board and they had inserted a clause to meet the case. The only increased cost would be the permanent staff. He thought that ought to be an impe- rial charge, because it was for the universal good of the people, who ought to pay for it. He begged to propose the resolution named for the reasons stated.— Mr. Humphreys seconded the proposal—Mr. Wiswall supported the proposal. Fortunately that Board had the wisdom three years ago to come to 'a n agreement whereby Liverpool dealt with cholera-stricken ships, and it was rather surprising that after all the information given to the inspectors who conducted the inquiry, they had failed to grasp the situation fully, and consequently they had not got a proper representation. The Runcorn dock was the entrance to the whole district. fle thought the Imperial Exchequer ought to pay the permanent ex- penses.—The motion was unanimously carried.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
CLOCKS.

It was recommended by the General Purposes Commit- tee that the tender of Mr. Joseph Pritchard for the wind- ing, cleaning, and regulating of the clocks at the Board room and Market Hall, for a term of three years, com- mencing let October next, for the sum of £4 103. per annum, be accepted—Approved, on the motion of Mr. Hankinson, seconded by Mr. Bisbrown. TEN HAWKING OF GOODS.

Mr. Lea asked to what extent the market collector ob- tained toll from those persons who came into the town and hawked vegetables,&c.,from door to door.—Mr.Han- kinson feared that rash statements had been made on the subject. Their present officer was a good one, aud ful- filled his duties very well.—Mr. Humphreys stated that the Board made a charge upon every hamper that came into the town, equivalent to what would be made in the market. Since the appoint:nent of Mr. Garrett they had received a larger revenue from the source in ques- tion than in any previous period.—Mr.Lightburn wished to warn the public against making purchases of salt or edibles from rag carts. The proximity of food to old 1 rags was a source of developing disease. WORK FOR THE R.S.P C.A. _ _ _

Mr. Wiswall .wished to know if the Board could do anything in matters like that which a day or two ago came under his observation. lie saw two cases of live geese which had come from Ireland, addressed to a Runcorn tradesman. The cases measured about seven feet long., and four to five feet broard, and were only six inches In depth. Some of the geese were dead, and : others only just alive. It was possible that the birds which were dead might be sold in the town. There ought to be some supervision over tbinns of that descrip- tion. There was not room for the geese to move, and some of them were suffocated.—Mr. Leach wished to know if there was any supervision over the animals brought to be killed at the slaughter houses. He had heard of instances in which the animals had been kept without food for several days before being killed. fie had thought of calling the attention of the offiers of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals to the matter.

WATERWORKS. The Finance Committee recommended that Mr. J. R. Frith be appointed to value the stock, furniture, &c., of the Runcorn, Balton and Weston Waterworks Company on behalf of this Board, and that the seal of this Boar,' be affixed to such appointment ; that articles be pur- chased from the Overseers of the poor for the sum of £2O; and that the expenses of the chairman of the com- mittee and secretary waiting on various financial firms in connection with the loan of £69,000, amounting to £3 103., be paid.—Mr. Fisher, in moving the adoption of the minutes, stated that in connection with the water- works it wal understood that the Board would take over their remnant stock. The company had appointed Mr. Walter Timmins as their valuer, and they ROW wished the Board to appoint Mr. Frith as theirs. In engaging the waterworks officials it had been necessary to increase the office accommodation; hence they bad approached the overseers, and had mutually agreed to take their furniture, &c., at the sum stated.

FAREWELL TO AIR. FISHER. Mr. Lightburn seconded the proposition. He regretted that the Board were about to lose in Mr. Fisher euch a

===== 0002601_18930909_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPOSED DIVISION OF THE TOWN INTO WARDS.

Mr. Handley gave notice that at the next meeting he would move that the Board make application to the County Council to take what steps might be neceAsary for dividing the urban cistrict of Runcorn into wards. He had prepared a scheme.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SHOOTING CLUB.

SEVENTH GOLD MEDAL CONIPETMON.

The seventh competitini for 1893 took place at Run- corn Heath, on toturday, under the usual Risley condi- tions as to targets and scoring;, and unfortunately, as far as this season is concerned,- under the usual unfa- vourable conditions as to light and wind—the Litter blowing fist from right and then from left, and anon straight up the range; and as to the former, thanks to the dense volumes of smoke that emanated from an adjoining chimney, it was at tithes almost impossible to distinguish the target with the aid of field glossas. The following are the scores made:— _

200 500 600 Ps. To-

yds. yds. yds. Alwd. tal Colour-Sergeant J. Mort 27 30 .27 .84 Sergeant W 11. Harvey Private S. Johnson 26 28 .24 —.. 73 Sergeant') Edwards 29 .29 .20 .78 Bu.: er J. Edwards 23 21 30 . 74 Sergeant J. A. Rushton Sergeant W. Coopet Priva e 3. ilmsghton . 26 .2 1 . 17 7 . 70 Sergeant G. Johnson Serge tnt J. W. WoodLtnd Private S. Thompson Private H. Foulkes 24 .10 9 35 68 —. . . . . . . _

_ ... The eighth and final competition for the gold medal wilt take place on Saturday in connection with the Aetichnoent competition of the annual prize meeting. At'this competition the absolute ownership of the medal which has now been shot for seven years, will be decided and the committee of the club would be pleased to receive ait offer nf a cup, medal, or other article to be competed for in the future. The club has been very useful in bringing forward a number of its members whn previous to joining its r4nks were very indifferent marksmen, but who, thanks to the instruction received from the old hands, are now able to put on very creditable scores.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL SANITARY AUTHORITY.

The fortnightly meeting of this Authority was held on Tuesday afternoon, at the Workhouse, Dutton, when there were present—Mr. J.Mclntyre (chairman), the Revs. J. W. N. Tanner. and J. Hanby, Messrs.. J. Knowles, J. Brandretb, E. Aaron, E. Heywood, J. M. Milian's, J. Parkinson, S. Woodward, C. Whitby, C. W. Davenport, W. Whitlow, T. Lewis, T. Baxter, C. C., A. Broom, J. Ford ad Joseph Baguley ; Mr. J. Ashton (clerk), Mr. G. Ashton (deputy clerk), Mr. Farrington (nuisance inspector), and Dr. Adams (medical officer of health).

===== 0002601_18930909_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
APPLETON PAROCHIAL coaimmx.

The minutes of the committee meeting held on Friday evening were read. They Allowed that the tender of Messrs. Prescott and Jones for the extension and altera- tion of the Stockton Heath and Wilderspool sewerage works was accepted. A plan of the new streets proposed to lao laid out by Mr. 11. W. Francornb, of Wilderspool, Was submitted, and subjeq to slight alterations was adopted. Permission was granted to Mr. John Pember- ton, Stafford-road, Wilderspool, to commence erecting eight new houses at Stockton Heath on condition that he submit plans of the same as soon as possible. . . _

The minutes were confirmed on the motion of Mr. Knowles, seconded by Mr. Davenport.

THE FRODSHAM WATEa SUPPLY.

The minutes of the creetings IA the Frodsharh Parochial Committee, held on the 25th and 31st August, showed that correspondence was submitted from the Local Gov- ernment Board respecting the supply of water to the township. After some discussion it was resolved that the question as to whether the Frodaham Gas and Water Company were able and willing to supply the township with water proper and sufficient for all reasonable pur- poses for which it was required by the Authority be set- tled by arbitration, and that Mr. Charles Linaker, surveyor and estate agent, be appointed the arbitrator on behalf of the Authority.—The minutes were adopted.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
BALTON PAROCIIIAL COMMITTEE.

This committee held a meeting on Monday evening, when it was resolved that the Rev.J.ffanby be appointed chairman for the year. A letter was submitted from the Local Government Board with regard to the estab- lishment of offensive trades, and it was resolved that the clerk write to the Local Government Board pointing out that in view of the almost certain development of the district by the opening of the Manchester Ship Canal the trades mentioned in the sections would in all proba- bility be or sought to be established, and unless proper precautions were taken, would result in creating serious nuisances, and that the authority ought to have conferred upon them such powers as would enable them to effectu- ally deal with them. It was decided that the Rev. J. Hanby, Messrs. J. Baguley, T. Wright, and Joseph Stokes, be a sub-committee to settle the bylaws for Halton. It was resolved that the future meetings be held in the Wesleyan Schools, and that £1 18 per annum be paid for the use thereof.—The minutes were adopted. INFECTIOUS DISEASES HOSPITAL. Mr. Brandreth reported that the Infectious Diseases Hospital Committee had resolved that a permanent hospital vas necessary, -and should be provided. The question had been before the Authority a long time, but the recent smallpox epidemic had brought it prominently before them. It had been decided to ask Mr. Dansey, the Local Government board inspector, to attend an early meeting to enable them to fix upon the bait site for the institution.—The minutes were confirmed, on the prepositioa of Mr. Brandreth, seconded by Mr. Aaron.

THE NUISANCE INSPECTOR. Mr. Aaron gave notice that he would move the re-appointment of Mr. Farrington, as nuisance inspecter, and that his salary be increased £lO per annum. THE HEALTH OF THE DISTRICT. Dr. Adams reported a caie of typhoid fever at Barting- ton, where the disease was attributed to defective and polluted water supply, which should be analysed. Two more cases of scarlet fever had occurred at Kingsley, add two at Batton, and the infection in the lattet town- ship was attributed to school.

STRETTON SCHOOLS. The Inspector reported that in conformity with in- structions given at the last meeting, he with Mr. C. T• Whitley (the representative of the township) had made , an inspection of the above schools and the premises ad- joining. and found that the drainage and closets were capable of being improved. They had received a promise from the Rev. Canon Dodd that he was per- fectly willing to carry out any reasonable suggestion that might be given for their improvement'. The members considered that if the public schools had a little more sanitary supervision it would have a good effect. This concluded the business.

WAR RINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIA.NS. The fortnightly meeting of this Board was held in the Boardroom of the Workhouse on Wednesday. There were present Mr. G. Ratcliffe (chairman), Messrs. R. Heaton, E. Aukland, J. Hill, A. J. Jolley, W. Shaw, W. Houghton, G. Pilling, A. Jolley, J.Tur- ton, J. Muir, J. Houghton, W. Fairclough, T. Mat- her, S. Davies, W. Gill, W. Balharry, J. Chrke, Hibbert, R. Owen,jun.,J. C.Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (deputy clerk), C. H. Ward (master), and H. M. Mines (superintendent).

SCHOOLS COMMITTEE. The Doctor reported that the children were generally healthy. Forty mattresses were recommended to be ordered from the Longford Wire Works.—Mr.lV.tioucin- TON sa:d that wire mattresses had acted very well since they were introduced into the schools.—The.CLEax re- ported that the Local Government Board Inspector, Dr. Evans,had visited the Padgate schools and made a care- ful examination, and found that every child in the school had been vaceinated.—A bundle of Strand Mazazines had hoe n presented by Mrs. Wood, 43, Win- w t.—The minutes were passed.

APPOINTMENT OF TAILOR. The CLERK reported that the appointment of Wm. Woodhouse as tailor for the Warrington Union at £29 per annum, and also of his having rations had been con- firmed by the Local Government Board. Mr. A. J. jOLLEY asked if formal sanction had been given by the Local Government Board for the erection of industrial homes in Padgate.—The CLIME replied that sanction had been granted. This concluded the business.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
DEPUTATION TO THE MAGISTRATES.

Mr. Diggle presented the following resolation passed at the meeting on Saturday, to the magis- trates at the Borough Court, on Monday :—" That we, ratepayers and others, do pledge ourselves to do all that lies in our power to call the attention of the autho- rities and clergy of the town to the great distress that is in our midst through the colliers' strike, and that something should be done to relieve the suffering of the people at once.—Alderman Harrison : Do you propose , anything P—Mr. Diggle : I think the Mayor should call a town's meeting to consider the matter.—The deputa- tion,a large one,was then introduced to the Bench.—The Chairman (Mr.F.Monks) : This is not a matter in which the magistrates have any voice, or can do anything. You are just as well able to call the attention of the clergy to the 'condition of .c.hings as we are. Other people are suffering. I know that manufacturers are suffering just as you are. It seems to me that the sooner the struggle comes to an end, the better it will be for all ; and in- stead of calling upon the clergy to relieve the distress, which is likely to be indefinite, you should call upon colliers to do something, either to submit the case to arbitration or to do something else. The whole matter rests with them.—Mr. Diggle: That is what we intend to do.—Alderman Harrison : Your practical course is to apply to the Mayor.—Mr. Diggle : We expected him to be here to-day.—Alderman Harrison : He is not well, and he is not at home. It may be a week or two before he returns. He is the authority to approach.—Mr. John Price: We come to ask him to call a town's meeting to relieve the poor people who are actually starving. Some- thing must be done at once.—Mr. Monks : Who are suffering except ironworkers ?—Mr. l'rice : The distress at Town's-end is something terrible. Some men have been out of work five weeks. One ironworker told me that he had sold his furniture to buy food for his wife and children, that he could hold out another week, and that then he must have food if he had to steal it.—Mr. Diggle: At the Florence Mills 250 people have been en- gaged. About three-fourths of them are females, many of them are single women, ad it is feared that some- thing that is not desirable will take place unless assis- tance is forthcoming. They have been out of work a month, and it is not intended to start them again until the strike is over.—Alderman Harrison : It is a very sad , state of things.—Mr. Price thought the Mayor should ' open a subscription list and a, soup kitchen.—Alderman Harrison: There are so many people affected that many ' cannot afford to subscribe.—Mr. Diggle : It is the higher classes we want to get at.—Mr. Monks : So far as we (Messrs. Monks, Hall, and Co.) are concerned, we have met the difficulty by giving soup and bread to our own people.—Mr. Wright : We don't find all employers so generous.—Mr. Monks : Don't you think the wisest course to pursue is to give your attention to shortening the strike ?—Mr.Malkin : We are powerless in that way. —Mr. Monks: It is an injustice inflicted by one set of workmen upon, another set. There are men who have no regard to the affliction and poverty they bring on other people by means of an organisation—Mr.Price We have no power to interfere with what they are doing. What we have to do is to deal with the distress under our eyes. We -don't inter- fere with trades unionism at all at the present time.— Alderman Harrison: The Mayor is the legalized authority to call the town's meeting.—The Town Clerk : hi the absence of the Mayor the Deputy-Mayor is the proper person to approach.—Mr, Haley: Would it be possible to have the matter brought forward prominently at the meeting of the Town Council ?-7.111r. Monks : It is not a matter that affects the Town Council.—Alderman Harrison: The Town Council have nothing to do with it. —Mr. Diggle: People don't want to be pauperized. They don't want to go individually to apply for relief. I am afraid that if they do go they will go in a body to the relieving officer.—Mr. Price said Mr. Diggle would on the following day distribute a quantity of potatoes

amongst the poor.—The Dawn Clerk: We have a small .sum in hand from last year's distress fund, and I am sure the Mayor will hand it over to the committee. I will telegraph to him for permission:—Mr. Burch: I don't think there has been such dietress in Warrington for 20 years. and if it is not mot I would not like to be held responsible for the peace of the town.—Mr. Malkin said they would like to have some official names added to the committee to give it weight. They (the working- men) were willing to do the work if they could get gentlemen on the committee with influence.—Mr. Monks: If I can be of any use I shall be glad to help you. (Hear, hear.)—Mr. Diggle : I am so satisfied that distress exists that I have provided 50 loaves and ten loads of potatoes. —Mr. Monks: Se far as we (the firm) are concerned we are quite willing to merge what we are Wing into what you- are doing. I think if you arrange with the Town Clerk for the balance he has named you can get to work at once. There are, I know, all the appliances you require at the Drill Hall:—The Town Clerk: I think I can promise the use of the Drill Hall. I think there is about £lO in hand from the last fusid.—Mr. Monks: 1 should advise the committee to get to work with the funds itlihand, and with the appliances which will be at yourbrisposal. There is no reason why you should not begin work to-day.—Mr. Malkin (to the Bench) : We are very pleased with your assistance and you co-operation. We libpe we shall be able to meet the poverty that is in our midst. We thank you very much.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0067.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_ , -1 --- 't

===== 0002601_18930909_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
' • ' ... AT. • ••. • . , • .

===== 0002601_18930909_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
_MEETING AT TUE DRILL HALL.

......... A meeting was held in the Drill Hall on Monday after- noon to miake arrangements for alleviating the distress. The Mayor was appointed !min treasurer, and Mr. Stan- ley Wilson hon. secretary, to the genrral relief commit- tee, which will consist of the following workingmen and others :—Mr. Monks, J.P., Alderman Harrison,.P.,Mr. J. W. Hayward, J.P., Mr. S. Wright, J.P., and Messrs. William Diggle, J. price, T. Malkin. W. Burton, W. Eg- eintori, T. McGuinness, Joseph Bunch, T. Cox, W. Thoinpson, J. Houghton, A. Hartley, T. Hughes, W. Yoden, Joseph Trinnan, Joseph Garrisx, J. Wareing, John ilayley, Henry l'aylor (Police Court missionary), Jo-epli Poole, T. Wareham. W. Hewitt. Joseph Oakes, Thomas Waterford, Thomas Dale, and B. Homer. Mr. NIONIES thought each firm Should be asked to open an independent soup kitchen, but the suggestion was not generally approved.—Mr. W. Ilunror: stated what was being done at the works with which lie was connected (mord:s,lla and CO, to alleviate the distress which existed by the 111011 having been thrown out of erriploy- ment. He remarked that he was very pleased to know that the ironworkers as a body ba.,l the discretion to know that the sliding scale was the best scale to pay wages by. If colliers would only consent to have their wages governed by the sliding scale it would be much better for them and the country. Everyone who had been in an ironworks for a number of years Jtnew that it was morally impossible to force wages up or even to retain them in a declining trade. It had been tried years ago, and had proved to be a failure. They had adopted the sliding scale now, and they had no trouble with their men. Mr. 13Lietnn concluded by observing that he was very sorry for the ironworkers, who had gone through hard times. Since the American Tariff Bill passed, two-thirds of the inen had nothing to do.—Mr. PRICE announced that the surplus from last year's distress fund, £9 les., had been given by the Mayor to the present fund. That spoke well for the Mayor. The town Clerk has also contributed a guinea, without being asked to do so, and that showed his sym- pathy with the poor. Ten shillings and sixpence had been received from the proprietors of the" Echo." (Ap- plause.) He concluded by proposing a vote of,thanks to the Adjutant of the Volunteers for allowing the use of the room and to the magistrates for their assistance in the present crisis.—Mr. MALKIN seconded the motion, which was carried. He also proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman and to Mr. Wilson for acting as hen. secretary to the Relief Committee.—This was seconded by Mr. Ilgisny Tame (P.C.M.), who said the Relief Committee had undertaken a very onerous and ardanus task. No one could' assist them better than the working- men now present. It was a fact that there were men who did not care about work. There was some impusi- tima practised at the previous soup kitchen held at Christmas, and he hoped, therefore, that the working- men present would help the committee in this respect, and thus make their task lighter. (Hear, hear.)—The motion was heartily agreed to, and Mr. Burton having expressed a hope that the strike would not last long,the committee dispersed. SPECIAL MEETING OF THE RELIEF COMMITTEE.

A special meeting of this Committee was held in the Council Chamber of the Town Hall on Thursday after- noon. when the Rev. John Yonge, who with Mr. S. B. Stringer was elected on the committee, occupied the chair. Mr. Stanley Wilson, hon. sec., said that he had received no subscriptions since Monday. The cash in hand was £l3 193. 10cl., and during the tour days of the week £23 14s. 2d. had been spent. There was sufficient cash in hand to carry on until the end of the present week. The total amount promised was £4O Is. 10d. This was made up as follows : balance from last year £9 163. 81, Mr. J. Lyon Whittle £1 Is., Mr. E. J. Guest Li, Mr. William Bolton Li, Mr. Roberts collected £7 113.81," Echo" proprietors per Mr.C.Lyon, 10s.8d.,Mr. T. Morris, £lO, Warrington Slate Company, per Mr. H. Roberts £5, Mr. W. Roberta collected £4 is. 6d. The Chairman asked if there had been any regular collectors. Mr. Malkin replied that there were not, but the meeting could appoint collectors.—Mr. Dale said that it would be much better if works such as Whitecross and Dalian) would do something like Messrs. Monks, Ball and Co. were doing.—Mr. Malkin said that he waited upon Mr. Morris and mentioned that to him, but he did not seem to fall in with tlio idea. He said it was a selfish idea as it only took in the people who worked at the works, but as the distress was general the funds should be general, and every one should benefit by it. There was a statement abroad with regard to Mr. Morris, that while the deputation prevailed upon him to give £lO to the fund, they had some diffi- culty in the matter, but he (Mr. Malkin) could say that Mr. Morris gave the money without any soliciting and also promised a further donation.—The Chairman was of opinion that Mr. Morris was quite right.—Mr. Burton said that Monks, Hall and Co. had had a soup kitchen nearly a week previous to Monday last. Considering that a large part of their men were out of the borough in Sankey Bridges, it would be bAter for them to be separate from the general fund and to have a soup kitchen of their own. They had distributed about 72 four lb. loaves that day. Considerieg all things it would be unfortunate if they Joined the general soup kitchen. He was sorry that Mr. Morris had said it was a selfish action on their part. He thought it was the reverse.— Mr. Malkin said that Mr. Morris did not refer to Monks, Hall and Co. Ile (Mr. Malkin) thought, however, that the employes of Messrs. Monks, Hall and Co. had a double advantage in receiving relief from the firm and being able also to come to the central soup kitchen as well.—Mr. Burton hoped that if any of his men were found getting soup they would be sent away.—Mr. Diggle complained that he had had no tickets for distri- bution,and that some people in Howley had not had any. Be was so bothered with people that he gave 72 loaves away on his own account in Howley.—Mr. Taylor said that tickets were supplied by Mr. Price who gave them to workmen to distribute in the works, and there were persons appointed to distribute them among those not connected with the larger works.—Mr. Bunch said that Mr. Diggle had no right in the room. (Mr. Diggle: How's that ?) He was not straightforward, and it be- came the duty of the committee to turn him off alto- gether. Mr. Diggle here interrupted, but Mr. Bunch told him that he would have to say something unplea- sant about bins if he did not keep quiet.—Mr. Wilson said that the question for the meeting was what steps should be taken as the fusds were rather low,and some- thing should be done to raise them.—The Chairman asked whether the funds were being distributed among the chronic poor. fie understood that they were for those thrown nut of work by the colliers' strike only.— Mr. Taylor said that it was a difficult thing to distin- guish them, but lie had refused several of the class Mr. Yonge named, when they applied. A number of the poor had had to be turned away that afternoon, as the soup, &c., was all given, but those persons could come next day.—Mr. Wilson suggested a town's meeting as the best way of getting over the difficulty, and a motion to bold one at 7.30 p.m.on Tuesday was carried on the mo- tion of Mr. Taylor,seconded by Mr.Dale.—lt was also de- cided that Mr. Wilson should write to the different minis- ters in the town, asking them to hold collections in their places of worship as soon as possible.—Mr. Wilson an- nounced that on Monday 760 persons hail been fed, on Tuesday 2.104, and on Wednesday 2.600.—Mr. Price said that on Sunday morning a breakfast of coffee and buns would be given to children. The meeting closed with the usual votes of thanks.

SANKEY BRIDGES. The distress at Sankey Bridges and the district round Mill-lane has been very acute. The inhabitants in these parts of Warrington are, for the greater part,ironworkers employed by Monks, Hall and Co., which for a fortnight has been almost completely closed. Messrs Monks, Hall and Co. have done good work by distributing soup, but still this has been scarcely sufficient to cope with the distress. The mem 'Dere of the Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Chapel, deeming that it was 'part of their duty to help to relieve the distress about them, formed a committee on Sunday to collect subscriptions, and to di•tribute tickets for free teas during the coming week. They were so far successful that on Monday they were able to give a tea to over No children. On the following day, another tea was given to the men who were out of employment, at which 200 sat down. After the tea, a miscellaneous entertainment was given, Mr. Summersgill occupying the chair. The procee3ings were evidently enjeyed, to judge from the frequent demonstrations of applause. On Wednesday, a tea was given to the wives of the unemployed. The scene was a very animated one as the majority of the women had a child in arms. They sat down to a substantial tea after which an entertainment was given, Mr. Summersgill auain taking the chair. On the platform were Messrs. W. Brough. J. L. George and R. liighley, Miss Bessie Dutton and Mrs. Cartwright, of Moore, and Mrs. Watkins. After opening with singing and prayer, the Chairman expressed his pleasure at being at the meeting and seeing those present enjoy their tea. The people belonging to the place of worship had been full of sympathy for the distress in Sankey Bridge and he believed that this was only the beginning of what ' was to follow in trying to lift up the condition of those around. He did not say that they desired to have the

tables always provided. This cloud would pass away. They wanted to improve the social conditions of the people, and bring them more in Ouch with the gospel of Christ. —A song was now excellently given entitled " Ehren on the Rhine," by Miss Cannon, the audience joining in the - chorus.-7 Miss Bessie Dutton was next called upon and it was some time before she could make hen& heard owing to the continued applause with which she was received. She expressed her hearty sympathy with the poor people at the present time, and said hew glad she was that a Christian Church had taken this work inhand. She urged the women to take their troubles to the right source. She finished her address by I recitation entitled tt Which shall it be ?" which she gave in a very effective i marines—Mr. R. Eetwistle followed with a song " Over the bounding wave," in which the audience joined in the, cliorus.—Mr. Roylance, of Moore, gave an enthusiastic address and was followed by Mr. D. Griffith, one of the audience, who sang two songs in a very vigorous style and was heartily applauded. Mies Bessie Dutton next gave a reading "Mr. J. Cole," after which Mr. B. Mar- tin rendered a song and Miss Hotter a recitation.—The Rev. G. D. Mason said he was deeply concerned over the distress which he found in coming to Warrington. Be was of opinion that the church should not only look after the moral conditions of the people, but also their material conditions. When in Gloucester, at a meeting which Ben Tillett, Tom Mann, and other Labour leaders were present, he proposed a resolution which depre- cated -strikes. It was a thousand pities that strikes had to be resorted to when disputes occurred between mas- ters and men, and he wished some other method could be discovered by which they could be dispensed with, and thus not entail so much suffering. He was very glad that it had been put into the hearts of Christian men and women of that conaregation to try to dc some- thing to help their neighbours. It would not be enough simply to preach to them, they must do something for their bodies as well as their souls. There were no doubt a great many present who had never been in that room before, but they would all have a welcome whenever they came —Mr. Brough said that the Committee had had a great deal of work to do, as besides providing tea they had to get the money to provide it. He was glad to say that in almost every case when he had solicited subscriptions they had been helped willingly. After the hard work of that and the past few days it was advis- able to have a little rest so that at the close of the meet- ing each mother would have some food for the Thursday snd Friday given to her. The expense of these teas had been amply made out, and they had still some money in hand. It was therefore resolved to have another tea for men on Saturday, sod an entertainment to Follow. (Ap- plause.) lie would conclude by proposing a vote of thanks to Mr. Summersgill and Miss Dutton for their presence that evening. Mr. Martin seconded and the motion was enthusiastically carried.—The motion was suitably responded to, and the meeting closed with the benediction. After the meeting, a loaf and some tea and sugar was given to each woman. It is very satis- factory to know that the subscriptions have been ample to cover the expenses of to-day (Saturday). -•- -

- • DALLAM AND BEWSEY FORGES. We are informed that assistance is being given to many of those connected with Dallam and Bewsev forges by a committee consisting of Mr. T. Marris, Mr. Griffiths and Mr. Bunch. Much of this assistance is given to sufferers from the cessation of work who are known by the gentleman named to be much in need of help but who are very reluctant to apply at the soup kitchen. It may be added that the donation of £lO from Mr. Mar- tie, which was referred to at the committee meeting in the Town Hall on Thursday afternoon, was for the general relief fund and not merely for the bhnefit of the employes at Bewsev and Dallam. A COMPLAINT FROM HOWLEY. . •

Last evening, Mr. W. Diggle headed a deputation to the " Examiner" Office. The deputation consisted of persons formerly employed at the Florence Mills,Flowleq but who have Leen out of work since the stoppage of those mills four or five weeks ago, and their object was to complain that they were not receiving a fair share of the relief that is being given.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SITUATION AT THE WORKS.

There is no improvement to record in the position of the large works in the town effected by the coal strike. Each day the colliers remain on strike makes the outlook more serious, and should the struggle be continued much. longer, the distress which at present prevails will be con- siderably aggravated. 'Portions of the works at Dallam and Bewsey forges have been working during the week, but it is probable the whole of the works will again be closed neat week, or at the most one or two mills will be working. The whole of the works of Messrs. Monks, Hall and Co., with the exception of one mill have been closed during the week. A soup kitchen has been opened by the employers for the benefit of their workmen and families, which has kept them from starvation. At Whitecross works the mills have been working during the week. At Cockhedge Mills the coal which was stocked has been used up, and the supplies now obtained are, needless to say, costing the firm a considerable amount of extra expense. The firm are making this sacrifice to keep their employees at work, but it cannot be continued longer than a fortnight, when, should the zolliers be still out, the mills will be entirely closed. This will effect about 1,000 workpeople. Messrs. Rylands, Bros. Works are as yet unaffected by the strike and the same state of affairs exists at the Corporation Gas Works, their stock being sufficient for some time. At Messrs. Houghton's Sankey Wire Mills, work was partially stopped all last week, but on Monday they comincinced in full swing again. This has, however, only been brought about by the purchase of coal ab enormously enhanced prices, and the firm only hope to hold out a few weeks. As long as orders come in they' intend to keep the works going. Notices are posted upon the Cheshire Lines stations that after September 12, upwards of 20 trains will be stopped until further notice.

RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS. On Tuesday afternoon, the fortnightly meeting of this Board was held at the Workhouse, Dutton,when there were present—Mr. J. Mclntyre (chairman),the Revs. J. W.N. Tanner and J. Hanby ; Messrs. S. Tay- lor, T. Lea, J. D. Jones, T. Handley, S. Yarwood, J. Knowles, J. Brandreth; E. Aaron, 11. E. Heywood, J. M. Williams, J. Parkinson, S. Woodward, C. T. Whitley, C. W. Davenport, W. Whitlow, T. Lewis. T. Baxter, C.C., A. Broom, J. Ford, Joseph Baguley, J. Ashton (clerk), and G. Ashton (deputy clerk.)

VISIT TO THE ASYLUM.

The Rev. J. W. N. Tanner moved the appointment of a committee to visit the pauper lunati.is in the Chester Asylum chargeable to the Union, to consist of Messrs. Heywood and Parkinson, the Rev. J. W. N. Tanner,and the Clerk.—The proposal was seconded and carried.

THE H-ALF-YEARLY ESTIMATE.

Mr. Brandreili-sa-initted a report and estimate of the probable balance in favour of or against each township in the Runcorn Poor Law Union, at the end of the current half-year ending Michaelmas, 1693, and amount of con- tributions required from the overseers of the respective townships,to meet the expenditure of the half year ending Lady-day, 1894. This stated that the total capital for the current half-year amounted to £9,996, and the net prob.- able expend iiure was estimated at £7.200, which showed a balance at Michaelmas of £2,796. The probable expenditure during the enming half-year ending Lady Day, 1894, as set out in the detailed estimates, was— separate charges. £52; common charges, £2,000; county rate, £3,403; and balance and contingency fund, £3,732, total, £9,187. After deducting the probable balance in favour Of the townships at Michaelmas, 1893, the amount required by contribution orders from the overseers was £6,391. The rateable value of the Union, as per valua- tion lists in force, was £223,944, a decrease of £1,518 compared with the corresponding period of last year. A rate of 73. in the £ will produce £6,532, and it was recommended that a call of £6,391 be made upon the overseers, which was the same as for the corresponding period of last year. In proposing the adoption of the report, Mr. Brandreth stated that with regard to the county rate he saw some Guardians had been sign- ing a petition that the County Council should collect their sum direct from the overseers, for their present system made the poor rate to look such a large item. They only required £2,053, whereas the county received £3,403. He thought it would he a good thing for their Board to support the proposal.—Mr. Baxter asked what was the cause of the assessments being reduced.—The Clerk thought it was to a certain extent attributable to the Ship Canal as- sessments at Frodsham having been reduced.— Mr. Lewis I stated that landlords had reduced the rents, and the overseers had to follow.—The Clerk said the Liverpool water mains were formerly assessed at their full value' but the amount had been greatly reduced.—Mr. Lea seconded the motion, which was carried. RESIGNATION OF THE NURSE. ' " .

A letter was read from Elizabeth Williams, the nurse at the Workhouse, resigning her position. In accordance with the recommendation of the House Committee, the resignation was accepted, and it was decided that it take immediate effect. It was resolved that the master tem- porarily engage a trained nurse.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHIP CANAL.

-- ANOTHER ARBITRITION : UMPIRE'S AWARD. The umpire (Mr. Fenwick, C.E, of Leeds), whir recently sat in Manchester to assess ihecornpensation to he paid by the Manchester Ship Canal Company to the Midland and Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway companies as owners of land requird tor the purposes of the Canal, has issued his reward. The land in question comprised about 41 acres, and is situate in Manchester between the Bridgewa,ter Canal and the river Irwell. The witnesses for the railway companies valued the lands at sums varying from £38,000 to £40,000, whilst tlie estimate placed upon it by the wit- nesses for the Cana! Company was just over £16,000. The umpire has awarded £22,773.

Mr. Bret flute was many things before he enriched literature by his vivid stories of Californian life. He was succ,asf lily a miner, schoolmaster, express mes- senger, rrintn., and newspaper editor. His humorous poem, 'The Heathen Climee," first brought him fame.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0072.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4

===== 0002601_18930909_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
IF, IF, IF, IF, IF, IF, IF,

IF your occupation is an unhealthy one, or if you work on let circe.mstances unfa gourable to health —use GWILTM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. IF you work in the sultry mine underground—use GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. IF you breathe the noxious vapours of the chemical works—use Gwitym EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. IF you inhale the fluff of wool or cotton in the manu- factory—use GWILYM EVANS' QUININII BITTERS. IF you work in the pottery—use Gwayst EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. IF you bend over your work to the injury of your chest—use GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BirrEus. IF you are exposed to the weather—use GwiLvm Drab& QUININE BITTERS. IF you are to stand for long hours, in the o:Tice or shop, or elsewhere—use GWILYE EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. IF you have been studying hard—use GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. IF you have been overworked—use GWILYM EVANS QUININE Birraes. IF your health is in any way undermintd— IF your constitution is in any way weakened— IF you are from any cause not up to the mark—use GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. THEY GIVE STRENGTH TO THE WEAK, HEALTH TO THE SICK, AND ENJOYMENT IN LIFE TO ALL. "THE BEST REMEDY OF THE AGE." At this season of the year no one should be without GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. A course taken NOW Will be available in giving tone to the system, Gew life to the blood, and in bracing the nerves. CAUTION.—Ask plainly for GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS, and see that the name GWILTN Evaxs is on label, stamp and bottle. Sold by all chemists, in is. id., 2s. 9d., and 4e. 6d. bottles, or direct from the proprietors, carriage free by parcels post for the above piices. QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING CO. (LIMITED). LLANELLY, SOUTH WALES. American Depot—Mß. R. D. WILLIAMS, Pharmacist, Plymouth, Pens.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

ALLEGED EMBEZZLEMENT. Bernard Purcell was charged bet ire the Warrington I magistrates on Saturday with feloniously stealing two cashmere pieces valued 205., on July 7th.—Mr. Browne who prosecuted on behalf of George Isaace said that his client carried on business at St. James'-st., Latchford. The prisoner was employed by him. The charge against prisoner was embezzling the money fir the pieces of cloth. A considerable amount of money and clothing were also missing.—George Isaacs who was called said that he had looked through prisoner's books, and did not find the pieces booked. There was also £2I less pri- soner's wages wrong, and three sets of clothes.— Catherine Logan, 29 New-road, at whose house the pri- soner lodged gave evidence to seeing the missing articles, after which Mr. Browne applied for a remand until Friday which was granted.—Mr. Jenkins applied for bail which however was disallowed. Purcell was again brought before the magistratesl yesterday, when in addition to the charge against him I en Saturday he was further charged wish embezzling I and stealing three suits of clothes on June 29th, ss. on ! August Ist, and al. on August 9th, also the property of George Isaac.—Mr. Browne repeated his statement of last Saturday, and also said that his client missed two flock beds which he had sent to the defendant, and came to Warrington to ask defendant where he had sold them. Defendant took him to a cottage in Latchford, and Mrs. Marchment, who resided there, said that she had paid 73. in sums of 2s. and ss. to the defendant,and produced the bill, on which was Purcell's own name. Purcell also admitted having the money. A suit of clothes was also missing which had been sent to him. In looking through the books several sums were missing, the total deficiencies coming to £24.—The complainant George Isaac was then put into the witness box, hut it was almost an utter impossibility to understand what he said. Be would start off at a tremendous rate, and keep at it until he was pulled up by Mr. Browne or the magistrates. What was unclerstecd, was confirmatory of Mr. Browne's statement. In cross- examination he denied that he entered part- nership with defendant. He received £5 from defendant as security but not to enter partnership with him. He paid 15s. per week and is. per Li commission. —Mrs. F'oggan gave evidence to seeing the cashmere cloth and the suit of clothes coming to her house in St. James-at., at which the business was carried en. In answer to Mr. Jenkins she said that there was no con- cealment in his actions.—Robert Foggan and Mrs.March- mont were also called for the prosecution.—Mr.Jenkins for the defence, maintained that his client was a part- ner with Isaac. There was no evidence of criminality, and if his client were brought up at the County Court far the goods,they had a complete answer to the charge. —Make. Nicholson (one of the magistrates) said there was no evidence of criminality in defendant's conduct. He did not think that the two parties had beer part- ners, and did net think there was any intentional steal- ing. It was a very common thing for travellers to deal in their own names. He thought that as defendant went apparently willingly to Mrs. Marchment's house that disposed of the question of criminality. As to the cashmere dress and suits of clothes, he might have held them for the security. There were some very loose trans- actions bet seen this class of men.—Peter Green and Thomas Morris were called by Mr. Jenkins, and each Swore that they had been present when the complainant and defenc'ant entered into partnership.—The Bench dis- missed the case. A DUCKING PREFERRED TO BEING ARRESTED. At the Warrington Borough Court on Saturday, Edward Scott appeared to answer a charge of being drunk and disorderly in Mersey-st. at 8.30 the previous night. This prisoner was evidently determined on weeping capture on the previous night. He was rather the worse for drink and had called at a shop to beg some bread and on being refused snatched up half a loaf and made off. P.C. Roper was informed of the circum- stances and went after him. When prisoner saw the officer coming he ran to the river bank, and jumped into the river saying that he would drown himself. He was a capital swimmer however and kept in the river three- quarters of an hour. A large crowd of people assembled to see this unusual occurrence. After he had been in the river for the above mentiQned time he came near the side and P.C. Marsh who had come upon the scene, caught hold of him. Prisoner did his best to pull the constable into the river, but he was eventually pulled -out and marched to the police station. When he was brought before the magistrates the next morning, he was attired in a number of flannels, as his clothes were hanging before the fire and were still too wet to be put on. —The magistrates as a reward for his swimming, exhi- bition decided to find him lodgings at H. M.'s expanse for 14 days.

AN EXPENSIVE ABSCONDER. . At th Warrington Borough Police Court on Monday, Alfred Wood was charged with absconding on the 14th March, 1889, and leaving his children chargeable to the Warrington Union. Mr. Shearer, relieving officer, said he was called to a house in Orford-street on the date named, and found two children, aged six and four, absolutely destitute. He sent them to to the workhouse. A warrant was issued for the prisoner's arrest, but nothing was heard of him until Sunday,when he was ap- prehended in Glasgow. The children had been maintained 44 years, and had cost £lO4 for maintenance, and it had cost £5 18s. to bring the prisoner to Warrington. The prisoner had had nobody to maintain since he absconded. Be was sent to gaol for three months' hard labour. IMPORTANT TO SHOPKEEPERS.

At the Wallington Borough Court, on Monday,William Cook, hawker. Crossley-street, was charged with having between the Ist and 30th Juno, unlawfully sold unjust scales. Mr. J. Lyon Whittle (town clerk) prosecuted. Mr. Whittle said from time to time scales had been sent to the Weights and Measures Office with balances made of soft material, to be stamped. Mr. Place rejected them and returned them to the owners and told them to buy new ones as they did not comply with the Act of Parliament. It was found that these condemnod scales bad come jot) use again. The defendant bad been to shopkeepers and bought their old scales and re-sold them. Mr. Place, market inspector, said en the 24th of August be found two pairs of scales in the possession of Mr. John Sampson, School Brow, which were unstamped and had been condemn d. They were seized. Sampson pur- chased the scales from the defendant, Cook. He (Mr. Place) went to the defendant and asked him where he got them from. It was ascertained that he had bought them from a shopkeeper named Mrs. Davies, whose scales had been previously condemned. Mrs. Davies told the defendant when be bought them that they were condemned. The defendant had been to other shop- keepers purchasing their condemned scales. He gave Mrs. Davies two shillings for her scales, if they had been correct they would cost 15s. Martha Davies, shopkeeper deposed to selling the scales to the defendant. Mr. Whittle said the seller of the scales was liable to prosecution. John SampSon, 23, School Brow, said he bought two pairs of scales of the defendant for three shillings, but he bought them as unstamped scales. Mr. Place said the law was at fault in not giving the authorities power to destroy condemned scales. Defendant was }lned 20s. and costs. —Samuel Dodd, 11, Park Place, was charged with caus- ing te be sold unjust scales. Mr. Place said a pair of scales were brought to the sffice to be stamped on the 7th August by Mrs. Clough, Heath Side. As they had previously been rejected, from inquiries he found that the defendant had sold them to her. The woman went to the defendant and asked for her money back which he.gavalyr,.., He afterwards put them in a sale in the market,' whim they were bought by Mrs. Tomkins. 150 endalt was fined 5.5. and costs, 183. GI in all.—John

Sampson, 2.3, School Brow was charged with being in possession of two unjust scales. As the defend int had given evidence for the prosecution in one of the cases, he was dismissed on payment of coats. AN EXPLOSIV MAGAZINE FOR RIXTON. At the Warrington County Petty Sessions, on Wednes- day, Mr. W. 11. J. Jenkins appeared on behalf of the Carbonite Syndicate Limited, 39, Ampthill Square, Regents Park, London, for the magistrates permission k to erect a magazine for the sale of explosives at Rixton. An objection had been sent in by a resident named Bradbury, of Farm Cottage, Glaz-brook. The objection contended that the proposed magazine weuld be too near his property, and too near the Salvation Temple. Mr. Jenkins said the object of placing the magazine there, was for the sale of explosives for the completion of the Ship Canal, and for mining purposes. By the erection of a mound, the magazine would he within the area speci- fied by Act of Parliament. They had got permission from the Home Secretary and now asked the magistrates' consent. Evidence was given by Mr. R. Lonie, mining agent and Inspector Kelly as to the distances from buildings in the vicinity. The application was granted on condition the mound was constructed accordiao to plans submitted. • •

===== 0002601_18930909_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT.

SATURDAX.—Before Alderma?.chandley (chairman), and

L. Voisey..

. _ DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—Patnek Ward and Mary Quinn were each dealt with for this offence. MONDAY.—BeforeMr. F. Monks (chairman), Alderman Harrison, Messrs. J. W. Hayward, and S. Wright. DRUNK AND DISORDFIRLY.—The following persons were dealt with for this offence : Martin Shannon, labourer, Scotland-road ; John Kelly, no settled abode; Peter Einmess, carter, 12, Leonard's-yard ; Mary Matthews, from Manchester ; Isaac Sherratt, lab mrer, 6, Winw ick- road ; James Hayes, Bank-street ; James Clare,labourer, 44, Warburton-street. ItEresixo TO QUIT.—John Fleming, carter, 8, Dial Court, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Buttermarket-st., on Saturday night, and also with re- fusing to quit the premises of the Lower Angel Inn. From the evidence,it appeared that owing to the barman refusing to serve the prisoner, he commenced to create a disturbance. The prisoner tore the barman's waistcoat and tie, and struck him. The landlord came to the assistance of the barman, and in the scuffle had his shirt sleeves torn. The police were called in and the prisoner was locked up. The magistrates sent prisoner to gaol for one month hard labour. THEFT FROM A LODGIniI-HOUSE.—Williarn Coyne, labourer, 13, Pinner's Brow, was charged with stealing from the Model Lodging-house, Old-road, on Tuesday, the 24th Angust, a man's jacket, the property of Patrick Dooley, and a pair of clogs the property of Edwin 1 Dooley. It was stated by Mr. Hunt (chief constable), that on the 24th ult., the defendant lodeed at the Model Lodging-house. The following morning it was found that the coat and clogs were missing, as was also the de- fendant, who had left his old coat and clogs in exchange. A man named John Smith, of Warrington, met the pri- soner in Bedford Leigh some time, afterwards, and pri- soner asked him to take the coat back to the lodging. house, which was done. On Saturday the prisoner was apprehended in Warrington and pleaded guilty to the charge. He was sent to gaol for one month hard labour. SUSPICIOVS CHARACTERS.—WiIIiam Davies, John Smith and Joseph Smith. strangers in the town, were charged with being found in a railway carriage at Arp- ley Station, with intent to commit a felony. A railway employe deposed to findiog them asleep in a third class compartment. The company had suffered considerable damage to compartments lately. The prisoners con- tended they were unable to find lodgings. Inspector Cox said the lodging-houses were very full at present,owing to the navvies coming to Warrington in search of em- ployment on the Ship Canal. Four or five times more came than were wanted. The prisoners were dis- charged. Frourtso.—John•Whittaker and John Edward Whit- taker, were both charged with being drunk and dis- orderly in Golden Grove-street, on Sunday afternoon and fighting. They were fined ss. and costs each.— John Bibby, labourer, 2, Heath Side, and Richard Cla n- cey, 7, Silver Square, were charged with c Ornmittina a breach of the peace by fighting on the 26th ult., in Win- wick-road. They were bound over to keep the peace for six months in sureties of £5 each.

TIIESDAY.—Before Mr. It. Garnett (in the chair), and

Mr. E. J. Guest.

CHARGE OF DESFRTION.—WiIIiaM O'Brien, last from Manchester, was charged with being a deserter from the Royal Artillery. Inspector Spinks said the prisoner was on his way to Liverpool. A ticket found upon him showed that he was on furlough from the 18th August to 18th Sqptember, 1893, but the prisoner was not wear- ing his uniform, and when a soldier was not wearing his uniform, he was considered a deserter when over three miles from his depot, unless it was stated differently on the furlough ticket. P.C. Jones gave evidence as to ap- prehending the prisoner. He was remanded to Strange- way's Gaol to await an escort. The prisoner protested and said there was no occasion for it. DRUNK ANs DISORDERLY.—For this offence, John Kelly was fined ss. and costs, and Annie Quinn for the same offence, was sent to gaol for one mr.,,th hard labour. . .

&Hoot ATTENDANCE CASES.—Mr. G. Riley, school at- tendance officer, prosecuted in the following school at- tendance cases : William Baines, carter, Portland-st., 15th appearance, boy sent to ship " Clio ;" Thomas Atherton, forgeman, Winwick-r0ad,25.6d.; Robert Boyle, Ellesmere-5t.,25.6d.; Patrick Burns, labourer,Orchard-st., Richard Deakin, 25.6 d. ; Brackley-street, for his stepson, Frederick Maddlicot,23.6d ; Peter Dolly,labourer,Turner- st.,23 6d. ; Thomas Moody, forgeman, Bewsey-road, 55. ; and Michael Verdin, forgaman Bewsey-road, 2s. 63. WEDNEsDAY.--:-.Before Mr JohnGeddes (chairman), . .

Alderman Wright, and Mr. John Pairclough. ASSAULTS.—Thos. Mannerly was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Bridge-st.,and also with assault- ing William Tomkinson. The evidence showed that the complainant Tomkinson was in the Higher Seven Stars Inn, Bridge-st., when the prisoner, who waidrunk, struck him from the back, and broke a glass without any provocation. Mannerly was fined 103. and costs, or 14 days' imprisonment.—George Reed, a navvy, was charged with assaulting a painter named James Wel- bourne, last from Blackburne,in Bridge-st., the previous night. P.C. Newsy said lie saw the defendant came out of the Higher Seven Stars Inn, and afterwards strike a man named Welbourne, who was standing on the footpath. He saw the defendant knock the com- plainant to the ground several times. The magistrates bound the defendant over to keep the peace for six months in a surety of £5, and pay 2s. fid. Costs. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—Mary Ann Fudge was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Butter- market-st. P.C.'s Wheatley and Connolly proved the case. She was fined 53. and costs, or seven days' un prisonment. FRlDAY.—Before Alderman Harrison (chairman), Alder- man Wright, Major Nicholson Mr. W. Dierpoint, Dr. Gornall and Councillor H. Roberts. - _ -

DRUNK AND DISORDEELY.—Martin Casey was fined ss. and costa or seven days for this offence. Scstoor. CASES.—The following were summoned for neglecting to send their children regularly to school : Joseph Smith, fined 53.; John Norris, 2s. 61.; Samuel Jones, and James Thornley adjourned for a month. All the cases were from Sankey Bridges, Mr. B. Shearer prosecuted. ASSAULT Csers.—Mary Hardy.Orford-lane, was ordered to pay costs for assaulting Ann Ball, Longford-st., on the Ist inst.—Mary Walsh and Mary McCone,of Friars Green, were charged with assaulting Annie Burns also ot Friars Green, on the sth inst. ['here was also a cross summons against Annie Burns for assaulting Mary Walsh. The case was adjourned until Monday. —Aaron Lomax, 10, Stamford-street, was dismissed on the charge of , assaulting Elizabeth Hart, 6, Stamford-street.

WARRINGTON COUNTY PETTY SESSIONS.

WEDNESDAY..--Before Mr, T. Comber (chairman), Major

Pickmere, and Mr. John Crsosfield.

Drinstx AND DISORDERLY.—George Mather, was fined sq. and costa for this offence on the 19th ult., in Dale- et., Sankey Bridges, Elizibeth Heath and Selina llsnds, were fined ss. each for a similar offence in Howard-st., Sankey Bridges, on the same date. TRESRAIISE CM PRO4ECUTED.—JaDICS Corbett, Mark McGann, John Connelly, and Herbert Openshaw, em- ployed at Messrs. Monks, Hall. and Co.'s works, were charged with trespassing on the London and North-Wes- tern Railway, on the 17th June. Mr. W. J. Bland, solicitor, Liverpool prosecuted on behalf of the railway company. Detective Ede, said on the date named he saw the four defendants crossing the low level line. There was a footbridge for these men to cross the line, but to save a few minutes walk, they went along the line, and climbed over a sleeper fence. Each defendant was fined 2s. 6. and costs. AN UNRATPY R R lAGE.—Edward HuglieF, was charged with beating his wife, Mary Hughes, on the 20th ult., at Sankey. Mr. A. Browne represented the defendant. The complainant stated that her husband brutally assaulted her and called her foul names, but admitted striking her husband with a rolling pin in self defence. Mrs. Beddard, Maria Jordan, and Mrs. Kay, were called by the complainant. Mr. Browne spoke of the complainant's conduct to the defendant in pawning his clothes and going to neighbours' house, and Con- tended that complainant struck his client first with a rolling pin. Sarah Hughes, sister of the defendant, corroborated. The magistrates bound the defendant over to keep the peace in a surety of £5. UNJUST SCALES AND MEASURES.—Peter Horridge, grocer, Poulton, was charged with having a pair of scales which were unjust. Inspector Spencer said he visited the defendant's shop on the 28th ult, and found in use a pair of scales which were six drams against the purchaser. Defendant was dismissed on payment of costs.—Thomas Foster Nevins, licensee of the Dog and Partridge Inn,.Poulton, was charged with having in his possession eiglat pint measures which were unjust, and also 20 half-pin; measures unstamped, and 13 half-pint glasses unstapied. Inspector Spencer said he found in the bar eightiffEt jugs which were one fluid ounce short. He also found the other measures named unstamped. He had warned the owner twelve months ago. Defend- ant was lined 103. and costs, and the articles were forfeited.

TIIE ALLEGED Tnxv-r OF MOvEY.—Eilen Higgins was brought lip on remand charged with stealing from the person of Bainuel Ball, residing at the Huts, Rixton, on the 21st, £l9a. From the evidence of the complainant it appeared he was walking along Manchester-road when he was met by two women who asked for a coprer. He refused to give them one, but gave each of them a drink of whiskey. He had not left them long when he missed his money £1 9s. He went after the women and gave them into custody. P.C. Little said he received the prisoner in company, but only 23. Bd. was found upon her. The magistrates discharged the prisoner. THEFT OF CLOTHING.—Thomas and Henry Wyche were charged with stealing a shirt and vest value 10s.,the pro- perty of Michael Ball,and various a rticles of clothing value 1 30s. .the property of John Ball, on the 16th ult.at Rixton. , Prisoners pleaded guilty. P.C. Bell deposed to arresting Thomas Wyche in Warrington, and upon searching him at the police station found seven pawn tickets upon him. In answer to the charge ho replied. "my brother broke the box open, we did take them and pledge them." P.C. Head said the two prisoners had worked for Mr. Heaton farmer. Rixten, with two other men. They had been employed about a week when they left suddenly and the articles were missed from a box. Prisoners were com- mitted to jail for one month in each case, the month to run concurrently.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1893.

FOOTBAL t.

*** Secretaries of Posibill Cinlis are requested to note that reports of matches played on Saturday must he sent to the head office, Bewsey-street. Warrington, not later than ter o'clock on Wednesday morning.

GEORGE G. BUSBY and Co. are loading makers of Footballs, Hockey, Golf, and requisites for Sports GAM es, and Gymnasia. Catalogue may bl had on application to the Sports Manufactory, Peckham, London, S.B. DESf +USA BILLND.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
A WILTSHIRE LABOURER'S BILL OF

FARE.

The "Red Van" of the Land Restoration League has been visiting the villages and hamlets in Wiltshire dur- ing the past few weeks, and the lecturers have lent a helping hand to the Wilts General and Agricultural Workers' Union. This week the van has been in West Wilts. Sneaking at a meeting at Kingston Deverill the other evening, the lecturer, Mr. Riley. said a labourer's wife in East Wilts had supplied him with details cf how she managed to keep the family on Ils, a week. Her husband was a cowman, receiving that sum as wages, and their family numbered seven—five children, whose ages raged from three to twelve. This is how she spent the 119. :—Six gallons of brEad at 93. a gallon, 43. 6i. ; half-gallon of flour for puddings, qd.; flti. tea, 10d. ; lilb. bacon, Is. ; 11b. butter and cheese, 2s. Id.; 31b. sugar, Md. ; oil, 3d. ; half-hundredweight of coal, 6d. ; soda, id. ; soap. 3d. ; tobacco, 3d. ; total, 103. 10i4d. Nothing was allowed for clothing or shoes, and the woman told him that when they wanted those necessaries they had to reduce their food supply, or go in debt and get out as best they could. Except at Whitsuntide they never had any fresh meat. The position of that family was that of hundreds in the county of Wilts, and many had not more than 108. a week.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
HOBBS THE CONVICT AND BILFOUIt THE EXILE.

James W. Hobbs, of Liberator fame, who is now un- dergoing twelve years' penal servitude in her Majesty's prison at Wormwood Scrubbs, is no longer a magistrate for the borough of Croydon, his name having been re- moved from the Commission of the Peace by the Lord Chancellor. The building in which the magisterial business is now transacted at Croydon was purchased from Newman, one of the Liberator convicts by J. S. Balfour, at the time when Jabez was contesting the borough against Mr. (now Sir William) Grantham, and for some years did duty as the head-quarters of the local Liberal Association, Lord Herscheli being president. When Balfour disappeared the Corporation were actually in treaty with him fnr the purchase of the building, and had he stayed in England a few days longer he would undoubtedly have received a cheque for a substantial um which, instead, went te the ofliial receiver.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
IT TOUCHES THE SPOT

Aye, that is what " Flomocea " does. And does it quickly, too—whether it's a toothache or neuralgia with all their shooting pains, or eczema with its painful and distressing irritation—or piles that make thousands of lives wretched. Rheumatism in the joints or muscles Las been cured even of years' standing—while for cuts, burns and bruises, its far, very far, ahead of any oint- ment that has ewer been put belore the public.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
HO'3IOCE& vansus RINGWORM CURED.

August 10, 1893. Dear Sirs,—l want to thank you for that wonderful preparation—Homocea, which we use for about every- thing; but lately my little girl had a had ringworm on the head, and my doctor said her hair would have to lot cut close. But I preferred using the Homocea, and in four days it wai quite well, and the doctor said I ought to give you a testimonial, and I think so too, and send you this, hoping it may aid you in making Homocea better known.—Yours truly, M. ALDRED.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
HOMOCEA VERSUS PILES.

The Rectory, Kilcullen, Newbridge, 25th July, 1893. Gentlemen,—Kindly send me a box of Homocea Oint- ment. I find the box you sent me has almost cured me of bleeding piles, for which I am grateful to you and thankful tv God for such a discovery.—Yours, &c., W. H. HARRISON.

HOMOCEA VERSUS RHEUMATISM.

Glendalough, Rathdrum, County Wicklow. August, 2, 1893. _ . _

, . Gentlernen,—l enclose Is. stamps. Please send me one box of tiomocea, I have never got anything to give relief for rheumatism until I tried Homneea. Mrs. ESTHER DOLAN. HEADACftE, TOOTHACHE, BRUISES, &c. 143, Queen's-road, Liverpool, August Bth 1893. -

Dear Sirs,—l am very glad to be able to testify to the great value of Homocea in very severe headaches and for toothache, also for bruises and cuts—in fact it is such a wonderful medicine one can hardly say what it is not good far. I recommend it wherever I go. I should add it has cured a friend of piles. I wish you all success in a remedy that benefits all.—Yours respectfully, Captain Ilorvan. Barge Belts.

nomocea is sold by most chemists at ls. lid. and 2. 91. per box, or will be sent post free on receipt of stamps to 21, HAMILTON SQ., BIRKENHEAD. 2

" TOBACCONISTS commencing "Illustrated guide (post free) TOBACC4NISTS' OUTFITTING CO.-186. Huston road, Loudon, Est. 1866.—Advt.

Mr. Herbert Gladstone is a good all-round sportsman, excelling in cricket and devoted to all pastimes.

PU RUC NOTICE.—Not one hut HUNDREDS of people of both sexes with wrecked and debilitated constitutions are yearly restored to sound and robust health again by Messrs. Wilkinson, 3 and 4, Pitzallan Square, Sheffield. Write to them for adylcefree when suffering from weakness, loss of flesh, appetite, disturbed rest, pimples, blotches. indiges- tion, pallid skin, nervousness. and general debility. Posi- tive cure for all Blood and Skin Diseases, acquired or consti- tutional. Sixty years' experienco. One address 'Zits above) foe over 30 years. The" A 1 Mixture." 4s. 9d. the case. The Magic Mirror its envelope, four stamps. Sufferers d'snp pointed with Rlsctrie Belts should write to us at one.e.—A4r

Appointed by

Special

Royal Warrant

===== 0002601_18930909_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY.

WARRINGTON V. MOSSLEL—This match was played at Mossley. The Warringtonians were unfortunate in hav- ing to make the journey minus the services of one of their three-quarters, Barnes failing to join his companions at the Central Station. This necessitated a reconstruc- tion of the team and Jolley was drafted from the forwards, and J. Lawless filled the breach in the front rank. The Mossley team was as selected, and punctual- ity, was observed in this the first match. Walker kick- ing off up the incline. Fair Turner's reply reached half way, and then a succession of scrimmages found the homesters on the aggressive. Their stay at the Warrington quarters was of brief duration, for clever footwork by Berry, Donohue, and Frank Turner assisted, by passing en the part of the two Bates and HPPSOM, resulted in Mossley falling back on their lines, a position they occupied almost throughout the match. A too close attention on the part of Gidlow towards John Bats penalized the homesters, but Pickford slightly relieved, and Dakin,Donollue, and Handles were conepicious in the saving department. The game was lacking in brilliancy and it was not until the first half was over that anything like proper form was shown by the visitors. The Bates initiated several pretty bits of work, whilst Evans and Heesom were only just stopped on the verge of scoring. Boscow was called upon to respond to a long kick, and had the better of the deal, whilst the wide pass from Fair Turner travelled to Jolley, and Nietd was compelled to kick dead. Lorrimer was prominent with a couple of kicks and passed the half way flag, and stimulated by this success the Mossley men pressed still, and eventu• ally reached the Warrington line. The danger was speedily cleared by John Bate, and from a long throw out Heesom got possession, and passing by the same player and Evans took the oval to the Mossley line once more. Fair Turner tried a shot at goal with no success, whilst a similar fate attended a pretty bit of passing by the Bates, Jolley and Evans, the first half-hour ending with no score. On resuming the homesters early showed signs ot distress, and the visitors allowed them no quar- ter. From the kick off the Warringtonians were on the attack, and James Bate was almost in the first minute. Evans was hampered by the close attention of Pickford, and though the latter got in a good kick to limner, the Warringtanian's safe return was instrumental in giving his side a better position. Berry led the forwards ably, whilst in one scrimmage Warrington screwed prettily, I but unfortunately lost possession and the visitors' line was eventually reached. It was left te Evans to change the venue, and a run three-parts the length of the field was followed by a pass to Heesom, which was not accepted. Jolley upset a movement of the homesters, whilst the Bates -11OVI asserted their superiority with no little reitult. The visitors continued to .force matters, and success came at last, for a determined rush by the I whole body of forwards pushed the Moseley set aside and I berry scored in a positioe which Fair Turner found too I difficult to convert from. Only a few minutes were now I required to complete the game, and during this time Mossley made a lest effort, and though a free kick looked dangerous James Bate met it in true style, and a grand run, feigning to pass during his progress' took play once more to the home quarter, where it rested when "no side" was called, Warrington winning by a try (three points). Teams :—Warrington : Boscow, back; Jones-, Evans and Beeson, three-quarters ; John Bate (captain) and James Bate, half backs; Fair Turner, F. Turner, Handles, Berry, Donohue. Iligham, Dakin, Lawless, and Thorniley, forwards. Mossley : Nield, back ; Pickford, F. Lorrimer and Wrigley, three-quarters ; J. Lorrimer and Gidlow, half backs ; Newby, Marian& Dawson. P. Walker, P. Hibbs, Woods, Corseadden, Coxand Marshall forwards. Referee, Mr. H. Eagles, Salford.

WARRINGTON A. V. MOSSLRY Betow FIRST TECADI.—. This match was played at Warrington, on Saturday. The homesters made a vigorous attack upon the vial- tore' lines, which culminated in Ashurst taking an op- ponent's pass and flopping over the line for Potts to place a capital goal. A splendid bit of combined work between Nevins, Potts, and Lawless ensued, the last named obtaining a fine try. Some grand passing be- tween Lally, Houghton, and Ashurst quite baill ol their opponents, Lawless scorine. easily behind the posts. Nevins kicking a goal. Bale' now scored for Moseley. No sooner had the game teen restarted than a splendid bit of play fairly roused th 3 spectators. Westall fol- lowed up a kick at top speed, succeeded in out-pacing his pursuers, and securing a grand try. Wilcox again scored for Warrington, and half time arrived soon after- wards. After the Borough Band had played their selec- tion of music the battle was resumed, Potts making a grand run right through his opponents, and passed to Bailey, who rushed over the line, and Weltall again galloped-in behind the posts, which Nevins converted. Teare and Lawless again scored, and the final was— Warrington, 5-4-2 ; Moseley, 0-1-0. , WARRINGTON Sr. MART'S V. REDFORD S. JOSRPIeS.—• Played at Warrington, on Saturday. Sanders started the ball for St. Mary's against a strong wind. The Bedford forwards, being rather too heavy for their op- ponents, took the ball to the home line,and Sale getting possession scored, the point not being improved. On restarting the visitors had the best of the game, and Shaughnessy dashed over and scored, the kick at goal failing. Half time arrived'vrith Bedford two tries, St. Mary's nil. On turning round Bedford held their own, ' but nothing being scored in the second- half,Bedford won by two tries to nil RUNCORN V. TIIIIRROOIC.—The preliminary canter in connection with the Runcorn Club took place on Satur- day, when they met Tuebrook on the Ir well-lane enclosure. The weather was beautifully fine, and if any- thing somewhat too warmespecially for the players. From a spectator's point of view it was agreeable and pleasant and to show their interest in the winter pastime a very large crowd surrounded the enclosure when the following teams took up their positions—Runcorn—S. Houghton, back; J. Crompton and Warder, three-quarter backs ; Rob neon and j. Faulkner, half backs ; Farmer, Davies, A. Tarler, Jordan, Keece, Shaw, Gayter, S. Taylor, Langley, forwards. Tuebrook—Jolley, back ; Lenton, E. Pearson, Meek, three-quarters; Green and Thompson, half backs ; Roberts, Holloway, C. Bayley, Holme,J. Pearson, H. Peirsin, It. Pearson, Steel and Green, fffr- wards. It was close upon 4.30 when Runcorn started the ball with the sun in their eyes. The visitors played up strongly at the start, and invading the home-quarters the ball was kicked dead across the Runcorn lines. This trifling success encouraged the Brookites, who scrim- maned vigorously and well, and for a time held a good position in midfield. At length Houghton broke away, an effort which W. Faulkner improved upon, and now a nice passing movement set in, which was eventually spoiled by an erratic pass. The home side, however, held their position, Warder and Houghton being con- spicuous in turn. At tenth Tuebrook regained mid- field, the harks displaying more smartness than had been expected. Each side enjoyed a free kick, but neither derived material advantage therefrom until Crompton dashed away and scored behind the posts with a

resulting goal from the same player's foot. On restart- ing Farmer headed a movement which let the Runcorn- tans within the visitors' 25. Crompton now dropped the tall over the bar, but unfottanately for the player the whistle had just previously been blown, and as a matter of course the point was not allowed. Warder also had a sideshot at goal from a free kick, which was within an ace of taking effect. A moment later J. Faulk- ner cameaway from a scrimmage, and ROW for a length of time the Brookites were heavily pressed. A moment later Crompton again scored, but failed to increase the value of the point. Desultory ptly ensued, after which Crompton from a pass by Warder, crossed the visitors' line for the third time, with a resulting goal. Nice pas- sing by the Runcornians was spoiled by the ball being thrown back. The scare at half time was—Runcorn, two goals, one try ; Tuebrook, one minor. The visitors having restarted, a good return by Faulkner enabled the home side to execute an aggrnsive movement which found the green jersies within the " Brook " 25, and although temporary relief was effected, Warder ran through a mass of players and scored, no goal accruing. The play still ruled in favour of Runcorn, and a mo- ment later Faulkner scored a further try, Crompton kicking his third goal. Subsequently, the visitors were rarely in the vicinity of the halfway line, and further tries were secured by Farmer (2), Crotnpton, Davies, Langley, and Warder, and as three of the points were improved upon by Crompton, Runcorn won by the large score of six goals and five tries to nothing. WIDNES V. RADCLIIME.—The opening of the football season was looked forward to with more than ordinary interest by Widnesians, and on Saturday afternoon about 2,000 spectators gathered on the Lowerhouse-lane ground to witness the contest between the local champions and Radcliffe Widnes started the game, with the sun shin- ing strongly in their faces. The visitors returned, and followed up, when the home men were awarded a free kick for off-side play. Alforde here made himself con- spicuous by a smart run, which slightly improved the home position. Brennan picked up, and after a splendid run passed to Clarke, who made a clear path along three-quarter the length of the field, and landed home safely amidst tremendous cheers. Play had only been restarted a few minutes when the ball was rushed up near the Radcliffe post, and Wynm3 placed the leather over. Half time Widnes 8 points; Radcliffe nil. In the last half Widnes had all the play and the final result WAS Widnes, four goals (one dropped), five tries, or 34 points; Radcliffe, nit. The teams were :—Widnes Full back, Brenann ; three-quarter backs, Barber, Alforde, Clarke; half backs, Drummond, and Wright; forwards, Whelan, Ridgway, Hogan, Fraser, Johnson, Derbyshire, Wynne, and Kenyon. laadcliffe : Back, Lowes ; three-quarter backs, Kent, Buseton, and Clegg ; half-backs, Barlow and Holt ; forwards, Nightingale, Bentley, Openshaw, Stewart, Rigby, Wardle, Jordan, Brown, and Olive.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

GRAPPENHALL V. ARLEY PARK.—TbiE match was I played at Grappenhall, on Saturdai. Score: Grap- penhall, 51 ; Arlhy Park, 54. WARRINGTON V. BIRKENHEAD 2ND. Score :-- • I WARRINGTON. BIRKENHEAD. Connor it Pierce b Old- Major b Connor l2 meadow lO Oldmeadow c Adamson b Smith c and b Oldmeadow 8 Ashton l4 Frond b Oldmeadow .... ..... 7 Spencer c Adamson b Jolley b Duggan Adam son b Duggan ' 5 Fenton e Unsworth b Brown c Oldmeadow b . Connor Duggan Unsworth c Spencer b P erce b Ashton Duggan Francomb 0 Kirkby b Kirkby c Francomb b Duggan 0 Ashton 5 Ilatnpson c Spencer b Duggan not out Fenton • 14 • Jeans o Major b Duggan 3 Ashton not..ont 6 '

Extras 9 Extras ..

Total

Total...

WARRINGTON V. BIRICENHEAD Pany.—This return match was played at Birkenhead Park, on Saturday, before a large attendance. Winning the toss, Warring- ton batted, and Messrs. W. Mortimer and R. Smith com- menced against the deliveries of Smith and rown. The former opened with a maiden. but Town was eventually punished for two flours by Smith, but the bowler bad his revenge the neat ball,getting the Warrington captain taken in the long field. With E. M. Griffin as Mortimer's partner, the initial batsman hit merrily, and runs came at a fair pace from both bowlers. Steen was given a trial at 37, and although he was. despatched to the boundary, the change eventually worked, and Mortimer was bowled at 45. At this total disaster followed disas- ter, and four wickets quickly fell. G. Clarke stayed the rot which had set in, Nit Town continued the bowl with marked success, and backed up by good fielding, the venture closed for 86, Bell beins caught at mid-eff lafter making a dozen. On B4Prihead going in, Holden and Wilson raised the score t 01.24 when Wilson was out lbw. The final score was :

WIRRIEcTOE. DIME:MELD PAM. W Mortimer b Town R Smith o Clover b Town 16 Crostield 9l B M_Griffin o Chapman A B Wilson lbw b Hemp-

b Steen - 29 J J Crosfleld b Steen 0 R Ould et Duckworth h

W H Podmore o Grayson Crosfield 9 b Tovrn G Clarke o Wilson b Town 12 Hampson .4 L A Volsey o Ould b H M Ore son o Hampson Steen _

Ti Bell c Fish b Town l2 11 J Fish b Ceosileld Ti Woods c Steen I) Town 8 J F Clover c Woods b

liampma b Town Duck worth not out 4 C 1 Steen lbw b Hampson 5 Smith not out 4 Town c Mortimer b Croe- field 0 Chapman b Hampton 9 Extras 0 Extras

Total B6 Toktl 153 Bowling Analysis. IVARRINGTO27. . DIRICUNIIEAD PARK 0. M. R. W. 0. M. R. W. It Smith l4 6 21 0 J J Cro,field .... 19 3 17 6 Town _ _

C E Steen It Bell_ 4.1 6 0 _— •

G Clarke 2 V 18 0 WU Pocimere, 2 0 15 0 CAIRO-ST., UNITY (WARRINGTON) V. SANKEY WIRE MILLS. Score :

ITNITY. WiRF: MILLS. Hewitt lbw b Hobson 0 Johnson b Shaw 7 Kenwright run out 4 Barlow b Shaw 0 Eden b Hobson 0 Hobson h Lightfoot 1 Buckley b Hobson Shaw c Johnson b Hob- Marshall c & b Lightfoot son 2 Siddall St Cook b Lightfoot 0 Monks b Mar hall Cook b Hobson_ 0 Forster b Shaw Lightfoot lbw E Hobson... 15 Burton not out Rhodes b Hobson 0 High tin b Llghtfoir, Gibson b 1-1,:b.0n Plinston not out 4 Monks 3 Extras 1 Extras 7

Total 27

Total 3B

ItUPTURB CURED.—S. J. -81-IlitiMAN, Hernia Specialist, 64, Chancery-lane London. mends his hook on rupture post free. Branch Chombe.s, 26, Ring-st., illanchester.—.Advt. The Medical Annual advisea Practitioners to remember that when recommending CoCOAS as food and beverage for i alirta, the name CADBURY on any packet of Cocoa is a guarantce of poritv.—Advt.

BOWLING.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE.

BANE QCIAY V. CEMETERY.—The last-named team sus- tained an unexpected reverse in their return engagement on Saturday, being defeated by the large majority of 89 points. In the first match the Cemefery team won in decisive fashion. Scores;

BANK QUAY. CEMETERY. W (Heave JHutchin.on Epleave 7 J. Allison __ _ _ 15

W Dutton T Forster l5 It Sewell 9 T Ashton l5 A Jones 8 D Foeg W Bellian J Massey T Ellison 3 Helsby J Glesve l5 S Ashton

Total 172

Total lO3

LEGEI CHALLENGE CUP. The following matches were played in the above com- petition on Saturday. NEWTON NURSERY v. Gormonmt. Scores At Newton.

NtiRSERT. GOLBORNE. D Rylanee ' 17 MOMS., SII2W J J Renelall R J Turner __ __

G Rylance 2l Hy Dootson l9 J Chapman 3 MacDonald 2l P Cook Thos. Gee J Aitken 2l .7 Wakefield 164 119

At Golbornee

xintsEaT. SOLBORNE. IV Kent - - -

J Cameron lO J Tither 11 Hoicroft ll J Gainty 2l M Kelly 8 J Jackson J Sham G Smith lO It Hemborough 2l F Fumy 21 J Meadows J Braddock

- 286

Majority for Grahame 35 VIADUCT II•ISTITIITE V. HAYDOCK. INSTITUTE. DAYBOOK. S Thompson W Marrow NV Hemmings

A Gee — 19 3 WilliaMs 21

J Mottram 2l J Jackson l6 Mottram l7 H Pennington 2l J Allam _ _

It Sherlock 2l T PUUng

153 At Havdock. _ .

J Gee lO Rimmer 21 J. Me kttee 2l W Smith W Pilling W Grimehaw ll B Twist 2l J Edwards l4 J Harrison - -

James Lowe J Savage ll T Eaton 2l G Jones

Majority for Haydock 49

===== 0002601_18930909_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

MONDAY.

In the House of Commons on Monday, in reply to a question respeoting our trade with Siam, Sir E. Grey said that under the treaty of 1855 British subjects were allowed equal participation in any privileges granted by the Siamese Government to the Goverament of any other nation.

Mr. A. MORLEY, questioned with reference to the tele- phone agreement, said the main object of it was the purchase of the trunk lines and the consequent with- drawal of the right of the Company to erect and work them.

Mr. GLADSTONE, in moving his resolution giving priority to Government business, said that after Supply and the Appropriation Bill had been disposed of they proposed to adjourn till November 2 for the autumn sitting. When the House met again it was their inten- tion to deal with the Parish Councils Bill and the Employers' Liability Bill, and he thought the time up to the Christmas holidays would be amply sufficient to dispose of these measures. Mr. BArFoun eonsidered an autumn sitting both unnecessary and inexpedient. A long discussion in which Mr. Chamberlain, Sir W. Har- court, and Mr. John Morley toak part, followed. Reference was made to the chances of the Eight Hours Bill for Miners and the Evicted Tenants Bill. The Chief Secretary said the latter bill could scarcely be discussed in a Saturday sitting. It was a matter that could only ,be dealt with by the . Government, and next year he hoped to place proposals before the House which would settle the question. An amendment moved by AIr.T.W. RUSSELL that the Saturday sittings should be limited to the sittings before the adjournment for the holidays was rejected by a majority of 40. Finally the closure was put, and Mr. Gladstone's resolution carried by a majority of 67. Tbe House then went into Committee of Supply.

In the House of Lords the Bishop of CHESTER moved that an address should be presented to the Queen asking her to withhold her assent to a part of the Cardiganshire intermediate education scheme, on the ground that it did great injustice, with regard to the scholarships, to the Voluntary schools affiliated to St. David's College, Lampter. The Earl of KIMIIERLEY said the scheme was not unjust. The only difference was this—Llandovery, one of the schools at which scholarships might ha held, was endowed ; Lampeter was not endowed. If Lampeter became an endowed school there was no reason why the matter stould not be reconsidered. The House divided, and the motion was carried by 33 votes against 23. The Bishop of CHESTER moved a similar address against a portion of the Merionethshire scheme, which, he said, introduced the undenominational system of teaching into the boarding-house. The Earl of Kimberley and the Lord Chancellor considered the scheme a fair com- promise. Lord SALISBURY spoke strongly against it. The motion was carried on a division by 39 votes to 23. Lord HOSEISERY, replying to a question, said Lord Dufferin had returned to Paris with the most ample in- structions to protect British rights in Siam.

TUESDAY. In the House of Lords on Tuesday, Eirl SPENCER moved the second reading of the Home Rule Bill. Coercion, he said, would never cure discontent, and he was afraid the measures that had been passed for the benefit of Ireland had been introduced without due regard to the sentiments of the Irish people. Among that people there was a passion for self-government, and after his experience in administering law in Ireland on the old methods he had faith in the new colicy. The financial arrangements in the Home Rule Bill were

===== 0002601_18930909_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANTNESS.

If home is to be the very dearest spot on earth, it can only be such if the mother

or wife brightens it with the sunlight of her cheerful smile.

This radiance must

be natural,

and the genuine fruit of peace,

kindness,

and serenity.

When

things go right in the kitchen, the laundry, and the bath, the good housewife's

face

is lit up with a loving smiling calm.

This brightness always follows the

use of

===== 0002601_18930909_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
•SUNI „,„4. „, le•

Soap Makers

to Her

Majesty the Queen.

:-..• - - -'I • '',4-1,,,-'!.• ',-,±." ..--;,.(113,11:4 2 ' 40; .:4-ct, """ A Mc...4-4,1, . - ~.,,,I. •L - ; _...i 111,‘e'-• , iq„,.:-,. . • ss ‘ ) ~ ..:t...4'41,. i 4,.:-,,:t. Ar P.AX - A., ...4 :'' N: ito

===== 0002601_18930909_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
V. • 91? ;et' .• .A

THE FULL VALUE OF EVERY' LEGITIMATE _MEDICINAL PROPERTY IS

EMBODIED IN

===== 0002601_18930909_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
St JACOBS OIL

IT CURES

Rheumatism. ITS INTRINSIC VALUE IS ATTESTED Br MILLIONS OF PEOPLE Price, I/lf& 2/8.

satisfactory. and the retention of the Irish members, he felt confident, would prove rather an advantage thao otherwise. Separation under the bill would be imp( tbitl,,,e the measure would bring zontentment, and there little likelihood sof the Protestants being ground enderi the heel of the Roman Catholic kierachy. Ulster Ii nothing to fear, and he hoped to see her assisting to ro4ew the country. He implored their lordships to Pad, before they rejected the measure. They had " opportunity to make a great c.4neession freely, and het, trusted they would not dash the hopes of the I- people to the ground. The Duke of DevoNsuirts 10 lowed, and denied that the decision of their lordshl involved any great responsibility. The bill had emanate 4 from the brain of one man, and had not been accepte':, by the majority of the people. The Earl of &defog Lord Brassey, the Duke of Norfolk, and E krl Cow Pei also spoke. The debate was adjourned, and their Lu. ships rose at twenty-five minutes to twelve o'clock.

In the House of Commons Mr.Acts.bir.sald the addl adopted the previous night in the House of Lord 4 voL regard to the Cardigan scheme swept away the wilaw of the powers for carrying scholars from the (tlementol to the intermediate schools aod university coleires,!'" also for giving bursaries to poor scholars. The provision provisions swept away by the Peers had met with tWa full assent of everybody concerned in the scheme. h, Mr. JOHN MonLicy said there was a feeling among t" 11311 Nationalist mernbers that the Irish Sunday Closing should be left to the Irish Parliament. Sir WILLIArs ElencouriT, in reply to questions what would become of the Post-ilaffiCe in Ireland on O. adoption of Home Rule, twitted Opposition membe° with ignorance of the bill that had just passed througb the Commons.

WEDNESDAY. In the House of Lords en Wednesday the debate or the Home Rule Bill was resumed by the Duke of A,10,1" who said the measure was one effecting revolutions', changes and had never really been before the countrl• The English people expected and demanded the rejects?! of the bill. He looked upon Mr. Gladstone as ba ul on one,of the dervishes, as a pure fanatic. In ir the Prime Minister said he was goittg to deal with so; Irish question in the spirit ot an old Parliamentary ban aid h 3 had fulfilled his promise well. He knew of ll° Government which had been so corrupt as the Govern: merit of Mr. Gladstone. There was nothing that had lar" been put to auction—for votes. He ridiculed false belief " of the Premier that they must, with MVP" to Home Rule, submit to the inevitable. He had .10 respect for men who made things inevitable. Nothlog like this bill was inevitable ; and he believed they were,. winning in a great campaign. Lord PLAYFAIrt said tht_r rejection of the bill by their lordships wuld n )t end tlw. demand of the Irish for Home Rule. Unless the IP" chise were taken away from the people, there would Ise. all increasing demand that Home Rule should be 00 ceded. The debate was continued by Lord Asmsona!ost who said the bill trusted the Irish with everythal except the till, and that the fate of the loyal Protestan minority would be worse than death. Lord CastletevT; the Earl of Donoughmore, the Earl of Mayo, and 1? !"'„ Londonderry, also spoke, and the Marquis of Itsls° replied for the Government.

At their sitting the House of Commons went int! Committee of Supply. On the vote for the Home 00% there was considerable discussion, chiefly with regard', the collection of. tithes in Wales, and the appointreet of assistant inspectors to prevent sweating in the vier' shops of our great cities. An amendment for the red....,Lic" tion of the vote as defeated. Progress was reporn and the House adjourned at ten minutes past o'clock.

THURSDAY. The Home Rule debate in the House of Lords was rit; sumed on Thursday by the Earl of SELBORNE. He fia. the measure created a new parliament, and left notbil of the Union except shreds and tatters to cloak tb_ wrong the provisions of the bill would do. The retentiop of the Irish members at Westminster would be a defirr tism and tyranny in favour of British minorities OV British majorities.—Lord Rossnertx, who was lane cheered, followed in a brilliant speech he showed how °' . Home Rule Bill had been treated in the House of Corn mons and by the Peers like a bull at a Spanish bullfight, how the toreadors had assailed it, and how it was to if killed with Lord Salisbury as the matador. Be said any alternative plan had been introduced by their orr ponents it would have been gladly welcomed, but 004 only object had been to slay the bill. Coercion ha,. failed, and to give Home Rule was the best course toPti• ' sue in a critical and complex difficulty. It was a tion of policy, and he believed it was the best 0,1%,. " The dismemberment of the Empire" was a meam'Yj less phrase, for by giving self-government to lice they weld obtain a friend instead of making a I.g:. There were three courses open to them. They could vo franchise Ireland and make her a Crown colony- 11/elts could return to a coercion policy; or they could gra', Home Rule. Whether they plastered Ireland with risons or with gold, the end would be some form of fio , Rule. The bill introduced by the Premier was an exPef me nt;but it was a just and generous experiment, a, they claimed that it was not " a leap in the dark.". was a leap towards the light.

to In the House of Commons Mr. 11. Fowler, repy., ig questions with respect to the cholera, said the Inv por 0 tion of filthy and infected rags to this count/ .V absolutely prohitited, but he had not prohibit icluan, importation of what were known as " rags of ir Oct' 01 disc," because such a course would put a stop G Seireot important industries and throw a number of r eo9l° of work. nd The Employers' Liability Bill was referree Ito, reply to Mr. T. P. O'Connor, who drew the 13'40. Secretary's attention to the Trade Unions Cr ,ngress,reu-se lotion urging the Government to stand t ,y the c 0 preventing contractimg out of the Act, Mr. AsQuilljtne there had never been any intention on t he part ox Government to depart from the clause as t stood. iø ' Mention was made of the disturbance sin the nlitisit districts and the need for the Arbil' , atioh Bill. ; William !Uremia gave a list of the r ion •cont r er,;o3 bills that would be dealt with durir rr t hr! sitting, ig these included the Post-office Saving! ,in and the tols Bills. recl Sir G. 'IRE VELYAN said the Govert iinent had Ferci3hot a Local Government Bill for Scotia nd, but he couLotoe say that it would be introduced thi session. The P. then went into Committee of Supp' y.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
FORBIDDING TY dE BANNS.

-- ----•- _ iliac° : The" Birmingham Post," ss ys :—Holy Tinity Bordesley, was the scene of. n unusual occurrennn of i Sunday, an objection being made to the publicatiehir, marriage banns. At the ur uai period the n'f• sOf ' Seeley, who officiated, proof marriage. The names of ;eded to publish the ban°ol C tahoge t several couples were out, and amongst those re ad for the first time were , tpcl of Edward Taylor and I dice Higgins. No 5000e:00 the clergyman read thee ) than an elderly man, vi._" retl,,, in company with his vi stood up ' ire in the middle of the and exclaimer 1, e".`sige. " I object to that mato sot. He was at once directs dby the vicar (the Rev. 11,.%f 08 ton) to attend hi thr . vestry at the conclusion -cord' service and state the nature of his objection. Ae wse! ingly, when the con gregation was dismissed, nivar3 into the vestry, an? i stated that his name villa •"1/ierr. Taylor, and that b e was the father of the per 503,000 tioned in the bans is to which he took exception. ~•.; 900 as to the ground sof his objection. he replied tkat ",1 Abe was under age, . being only eighteen, and that in Inan‘s,rt ' father's) opini• on, he had not sufficient means to subef himself and a wife. At the vicar's request the wrote and Si vied his objection in the banns-1001"ov' ' the names! ,ere struck out Isy the vicar. A hug% 045 gregation • Nagtnteresti; present, and the incident, which 'from the rarity of its occurrence, °,1..,08 . me considers hie excitement and curiosity as to the ti' of the or ,jection to be raised. . " (,i tmitniT'S COCO/ has, in a remarkable degre-'ende'' natur ~l elements of sustenance which give the systern. oit i LIMO and hardihood, with a steady action that renoe m s' i, acceptable and reliable beverage."—Heaith. , Isf. Zola, in addition to his 20 volumes of the V. icquart series of novels, has published nil Itolumes of fiction, one volume of plays, 30. seri°. -' 1 volumes of criticism. The Bougon-Marquar. othe ;‘ alone have realised the sum of £200,000. The , nine volumes of fiction have also had a large sale. three North of England miners live on an average Tee : years longer than Englishmen taken, as a whole. ,esrs - live eight years longer than the Cornish, and niaeoiesor, , longer than the South Welsh miners. This is 11,edi, al Thillipson's statement, made before the British 0. A •sociation lately. ml" • Captain Buisson, of the French cavalry, ls t",. infole'ne • tor of what he calls a " hippotneter," an insbru The ` for measuring the distance covered by a hors_ebe sta. ] instrument resembles a watch, and it works bY' t• . ping of the animal. e Dor : a Sir Arthur Sullivan has a new accomplishme ,et. ..t. s.- ing his stay at Weybridge he has become a biec,u c'ls'iotie , accomplishes great journeys with the eat" earnestness of a neophite. with , The BEST NIGIITCAP.—Iraya your sheets -- .43,. Hudson's Soap, and they will always he sweet a) ro'.,e,e.i_ A da SCA breezes. There will be none of tlll 411 P . =moll, so objectionable in other soaps.—A PI" Dr fine powder,—/Irtrti (2).

===== 0002601_18930909_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
11A ILAN

1 Aczrington-5 440dA18 8 43, 6 0 7011 Bridga— Sauctsys 1( B.lintree 7 *). :it() • f r 1414 ea • , Ana Hill "41,71 9 40, 2 5, :4,_mw-2 43 240, 3, 2 ts!rlien!..ce(l-7 I .I,.irallilgluira (1 11 35 4-.. s Birun i 55 aßbarci iR 76:21117:4:,.. :,9814‘18 .471"y1:07,538"1.:ur.813nr186-16-55u81116311.1dn,2,d4:11 E 1844 n eil k 115eit0n.....5 45, , taaarriter__s 45 Y 4 8 4S, 6 4 aC2hester-7 naYo. .511.4 4,7 iv, Green- ' 53, 10 20. 1 s)ewn 57, h__. aMoncin3 —srecbury-7 4klaYs 8 4 7 —erb 4' - Bab. .ada tarteatavin!)-. 44 8' 2 40. 33( Ys 7 40 8 43 , .0 lOrs—a4 45, • ISund 130 in ags burgh-2 *Saturdit 4111eliddlet's Peri clitysBl2 22.4 30, 115 rel't")k (Chi 11itci -o'. 4 O. s' 8, 55 2gun 6 .pted. . (14„ • 2 00. gcnv—Z 41 Uolbn la --rtle-5 4 4,010 15, sal 4 0, 5'1211 Green 222 22.6 10, 6 ktei. 9IL all( trit,„°4 tiattir& db. I.llBCa ' 8 6 10 • 14 5 t„, 17 • ' 10 o—“,ord_.:9‘ 10.10 54, 12 1.4,7'4'1143's E 12 7 .rrPeol (L 22,0 20, 2 40, 66, 60 E erena , e4a,1148.12 T!I 6 8,24 II er9erpon,„ (el 12 1495, g ',115, 150 4'13 60 7 . 0, 10 is 430 5 , teuci,-; 63. a .50 (L.& 1111'4„58, 51, • I.:geoPteci. 4104-44 (31.1 ,4 515. a se,:ta. 111-6 20 mu 15, 5 15, 81.2 digs oni 104,reheeeer 10 2,02 14,1] • 8 °Tay „unday, I le 'rata t 3541411 ester t. 11 40. 8 ‘44lch 55 -ester 65. io 6 ss 7 0, k. 1,17. a E 1-lev,, eksl- .0 18 1p .10 4012 . 10 go„ Oul wallud 2VM41l 45:3 48,6 29, 4 0. --corn 40 48 44 945 ' Tb • a 2 eiwsll-5 • 3 8 50 ' 'lB 4 11111544 n; aS' Bstnrclau. ' 258 4 t 4,9, 4 0, W •Q. 1181,,esn-....g 4 ‘O5. 341 , a 43, 3

===== 0002601_18930909_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
DILe

-----". -.-..,..,...•...v1

•ERY ERTY"

ril• ;TED BY il & 2/8. _

Li mwm

members, he antage tinte e imp( ad there ay." round uncle; Ulster isting to rule ps to Pause sy had the and .ht of the Ins'r OMR IRE tfth' lir tordsloPe id emanated in accepted of Zetland. an Co their Lora' o'clock.

the addres, Lordi with y the whhh/ elernentaff cAlegegt and e provisioai et with Oh among' th°, :Nosing Bi"

stions se and on taw )n member?. ied throug'

e debate 09 :e of Are'. volution he count he rejectiee, e as he die c. In 1". al with the ntary hand tnew of ne he Govern- hat had net culed the with regard He had .130 Nothleg I they were la said the I end the the fran" la would De uld be CO ,siinOt7fq4, everything Prei'estant 3astletowe: ), and Vl.° of HiP°ll

went into 'ome Oct' h regard t? ,pointinefiw the War,r the red2l,'. ; reporc7,; past S''

Is wag rie; He .ft nothing cl,ak t.he le retentlon 3 a desr: rities ore' as lou.dilre ed hoc', `'"

;Of Conr bullfight, was to le, He said theirg;

is a est Polic'. meining; to IreDIM a foe. ng -5_ could do They ay. 'old gr with m of a

nent, - dark.".

I. 110 port*s tint, ibit ecl erei- t, sever3t F eort° °ll

and i° Ito, „rope the re- mgre3s use y thecla• cal' sclulTo trje part c" itood• them )n Bill' n tr oirera'ol sitting, Fie and the fed ad pregoot IC noe,,- uge The 0°

nityChnrol ;currePee of blieatlor:/r, Rev. 7of he blngited were C 8 .*0 , vverotli,;;;l • ,5no:loy.•40 03p, the ehurel"' sate • ..o_l',„f CCoo. • hl't, 3 oleo, erSo,' „)e on. 74 9O br (.be till h'B„s9rt to euP'ther t the fs,nri cva, elle" ‘,49c1 re 0". 16 the OW

tho'e gree enao' ',Vier, o'4

odOir E 0 r tier nine °Peri and o art er The °"

Ile. ee thr rag° TheY )le. iine I or Frof69sAl gedi‘

hP ot istrurn,ihe Bter y the

Dor' nt; ge velow.to

eq.(' 'IT os„„

I that) '.; 1 1, t r , , r I 0 , I , I I °I 1 z , 1

an" gar toril 3 Pei 3:1 al -3_

===== 0002601_18930909_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
ItAILWAY TIME TABLE

SEPTEMBER.

PROM WARRINGTON TO 6 Accrington-545, 835, 955, 1223, 2 35, 348, 629, 8.47. -4;d4rB 843, 6 O. 7a,.set*4 B'd 710735828 10 45 1 50, 2 35, 5 15, 5 35, 7. n ga- , „ , , ~ Sunday, 10 15. I 15,alre - 712., 16.a38, a 9 10. Sundays 940, 25, 04a Stops if required. 514c9aritand 111 llbouse-7 12, all 15.16. a 3 8, a 4 04(6 33. Sun- sjlarrow°-' 2250, 352 45, 1.140, 130 ' assthplrrequltea, 11.440's 240. 335 843. co 3 48, 6 29, 84. B..!ricen'aead-7 ' , 55, 12 15. 1 60. 3 17..2 50. 53511, 64, 742. 5 50 la 3150 3 58, lagumngliana (1., & N -W.) a 3 23, 735. -9 -" ' Woa- d 11 35• Sundays 2 57, 10 15, 4 40, 11 35. a -43's °inv. Biro, 155 'lgnara (U.S.& L.)-6 11, 9 59, 11 55, 12 55, 59. Sunda'. 5 15 p.m. 6 gaekbura-*2 40:5 20 545.6 29, 8 35,9 55,11 40, 12 23, 348 . nj 8,43. Sundays 843. 6 0. *Saturdays Excepted. -845.835,955,105,1140,1223,235,348,629, - a 40. 8 /5,1, undays 2 40, 843 • 525 "m-545, 7Rh 825, 919. 1015, 1040, 118, 240, 348. t,,i 5 18. Sundays 8 43, 50. 60: ta rnley-5 45, 8 0Y 35.9 55, 1223, 2 32, 3 43. 6 29, 8 40. Sun- -131j.,slia-2 35, 3 30. 5 35, 9 55. 11 40, 1 30, 2 40. 5 2 , oh, Saturday nights. Sundays 2 40 a.m., 335 PIP,' 27 3 17 42,2 eater-7 40. 95, 1023, 12 7. 12 15, 1 40, 20. x ._ , _ n. 511, 6 4,7 42, 10 23,11 32. Sundayd 844, 1026, 7 45, 11 az. I roltas Green,-7 10, 820 1035, 127, 240, 348, 440, 610. d; 00,10 20. Sundays 43. 43 6 0 ya . • 15),an-a2 57 b 323, 7 10, 7 35, 8 28, 950, 10 45, 123. 1_ 4_B_, 1135.'05, 3 SB,'s 15, 728, 1135. Sundays 2 57, 10 15, 4 '4, bare pulrondays excepted, 501ondays only. 845,1 su y-7 40, 95. 12 15, 227. 3 17, 5 11, 64, 7 42, 10 28. b,rays 8 44, 7 45. Seca 4-- 96, 959 11 55, 1258. 50, p.""4,Ya 5 15 p.m. ' 5 55, 11 63. 1 -724„,"(k)wn -5 45, 710, 825, 835, 105, 10 40, 12 7, 1223, 3 30, 348 535, 6 25. 78, 858, 1020. Sun- 3, 10 a-72"--a4 45, 5 45. 7 10,10 40, 115, 3 18, 4 21, 440. 5 40, 7 17, 111_ Sundays 8 43, 5 0.60,7 47. 6910'adaYe 'malair' “bargti-2 40, 6 20, *lOl2, 11 40, 130, 2 35. 3 • Sundays "Saturdays And Monday:, only. ,itsi2ddler's Perry $ Penludh -7 38, 825, 9 45, 11 48, 1 29. 30' '617 8 0' •98 Sundays ti 48,2 40, 7 50. aSatur- -8 only, 1 231:14), n (Cheshire Line)-7 12, 766, 90, 95, 1040, 120. 0,5 29, 6 10' 67 0 dB 0, c 9 30, dlO 15, 1139. Sun- -11 25 2 32, 75. 9 18, 10 10. dSaturdays %Re-cc-tans 5 miaar,s lat.r on Saturdays. cSatucdays ex- la 7 a°. B2ow-2 40, 620, 955, 11 40, 1 30. 2 35.3 48. ' Sundays 0 ,401130, , 45. 7 10, 835, 1040, 1223, 1 18, 3 48, 5 35, 7 17. 843.60. ' Green-7 12.7 56,9 0, 95, a 9 30. 10 40. 120,115,25, 2 eau 29, 6 10, 6 33. 670, 80, c 9 10, alo 15. Sundays 90. 11 , kter 6 19. aMondays and Saturdays only. &Runs 5 minutes 4,311 Saturdays. cSaturdays excepted. ds,.:4!fl and Cadishead-'6 58, 7 55, 8 21, 2 25, 70, 9 15. Bun- f a a 56, 10 17. 3 17. 5 15.9 31- 10%a_tel,ford -Prom Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22. 80,9 0, q s_B_, 2 e. 4. 10 54, 12 38, 1 15, 238, 350, 4 15,8 18, 61,3. 78, (17 40, LivAndays 8 50. 38. 8 18. asaturday• only. 157 710, so, 2 a 35. 105. 11) 30. p, 2 40, 4 40, 6 10. 78, 10 20. Sundays 5 20, 7M. 9 43, 38, 60, 5 45, From High Level Platform. 4419,218,eirtr81 (Prom Low Level Platform)-7'38, 8 25, 9 45. 848 1 29, al 52, 320, 430, 5 12, 6 17, 80, 98. Sun- , 2 40, 7 50. aSattardays only. ~ 950 e,„i'Pool (Cheshir Li-es)-a429, 5 30, 56 25, 7 12. 7 56,838, 12 5:ra,95, 950,1 u Vie, 103510401050,11 50, 12 0,12 35,12 bO, 4 51g '1„15. 1 50, 2 b, 2 sq , 3' 32, 3' 50. 40, 450, 5 29. 5 50, 610, 750, 80, 850, 95, 918, 1010. 1048, 1139. -1010 1,,s 430, 5 30. 90, 9 55, 11 25, 220. 232. 75, 8 30, 918: Lotle 13- aExcept Monday's. 531ondays only. . 150 . 3c,°11 (L. & 51,-W' )-a2 57' b 3 23.7 35. 9 50. 10 45, 12 3, 148, 443's ' 5 15,11 35. Sundays 2 57,10 15, 4 20, 11 35. aMon- ,Lo -A,,e,,eStad• balondays only. .(11idland)-(11, , 9-6, 989.• 12 55, 5 0. 555. 11 53. 50 31,, 41-.6 20 722,80, 90, 958, 1049, 10 54. 12 38, 1 16, 2 p. 18. V 3, 78, a 745, 98. Sundays 8 50, 38'8 "' ALI ."'ll only. From Arut-y Station. 10,10 . lithe-44er (L. & N.-W.)-2 45, a 4 45, 5 45, 7 10, 8 25. 919, 10 a 0.12 ia. I is, 2 0, 320, 4 21.4 40, 5 35, 6 2. 7 17,8 11, 9 16. (48y. SUl:lclayti 2 45,7 40, 8 43, 50,6 0, 7 47, 8 58. aMondays „ 1,1 ",„ cP,rom High Level Platim. t 55 ~",eater ( oiProm Low Level Ratform)-7 20, 7 55, 857, 015:31:35, 3 45, 6 10, 75,95, 11 40. Sundays 8 46,3 5. kt 1 40. itl, 555, nleolleest,er (Cheshire Llnes)-6 58. 755. 8 21, 5 65 90, 11.25, 11 55, 12 55 158, 225, 258. 355, 455. 55 812, 8'55, 9' 15, 9 55, 11 48. Sundays 856 . i: kid-cil 17! 3'5, 31.7,5 15, 7 15,, 855, 9 17, 9 31, 10 0' i kocreewlch-7 35, 1045. 2 35. 5 35. 7 28. .1,,,8eart,_7 35, '. 50, 2 35, 5 35, 7 28. guri ' lug 155:10 I 40.e-il'aniq,,iv.2s- 2 45, 4 4 Ba 2 405'3 48, 835, 6 '25, 7 17, 9 18, 111010 185.35, 919, 4110 19 20. 6 unda23, 21415 ' 740., 843, 335, 50, 60, 945. Pa,i_414,4 only. Y 3 ' I 15244,,,ate-6 58, 7 55, 8 21, 8 56 10 173 505 15 1027, 12 27, 2 25, 527, 70, 830, ! P "ada 9 31. 35'.45h14-23480. 5 20, 5 45,, 8 35, 955. ,105 11 40, 12 23, 1 18. 7 17, 8 40, 10 15. Sundays 2 40, 8 43„ 335 6 0,, 825, 1028, 11 43, 1 29, 32.0, 5 12, 617. 1 6t it , g',C., aTBS 25, 7 10, 8 20, 8 35, 10 5, 10 35, 12 7, 1 20, -''' 94a ' 4 40, 610, 78, 8 65, 1020. Sundays 735 , 8 43, Th ,"• 20,7 22 8 0, 9 0, 9 58, 10 49, 10 54, 12 38, 1_ 16, 1.,15: ' 5 18days 8 59, al 10 28, 11 48, 1 29, riior • aSaturdays only. From Arpley Station. 62 a m N,..w.)-1 38, 8 25, 9 45, I Sai 2°, 430 512 617 80,9 8. Sundays 8 43, 240, 750. a 1/1 u'daYa only. ' ' r' 1..5, 2d,4,,e* (Cheshire Lines)-7 56, 95, 100, 1040, 12 0, 1 15, i 4 az ", 41. • 0. 5 29• 610, 70,9 10• a 930. suudays 90, 940, ...•9 18, s a aturdays excepted. Ala k•,Va---2 40 1 5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 9 55, 10 40, 11 40, 1223, 4' , 5 80, 29 7 843, 60. 9 17. 840, 9 18, 10 15. Sundays 3 3-5. 45 , .

, ' ics TO WARRINGTON FROM 725.-cington-7 45, 9 43, 1 48, 7 2. Sundays 10 40, 4 15, : 1 t'oll Dridge- 639 • 745, 852 11 40, 38, 4 36, 6 44, 8 45, • 8, • 4,14,_ undays 6 53, 4 32. 134 alt,Ze-9 29. 1 30, 7 28, 10 4. Sundays 9 35, 2 41, 831. 4 ~l' and Hillhouse -9 14, 1 16, 7 18, 949, Sundays 6 26. ' Illri,:w---7 0, 8 55. 10, 5 40, 90, Sundays 445 7 45_,...43,. 725. Sundays 11 15, 3 10, 8 45, 12 15, 70. h 4. 7 heed, -6 15. 7 30, 10 15, 1 15, 1 55, 5 10, 6 20, 49_ r_ il a 09 A-..„lrlklusrii, (1,. & N...W.)-11 15.3 10. 6 0,7 30, 90, 9 . 1,-49.211311e10 (a.s. & L.)-6 5,8 50. 11 35, 123, 235. 545. 1119, Sundays 430, a.m., 40, 11 19. blixoept 62.11„tY:. .1141:021 4300: 8 50, 10 48, 12 40, 2 10, 6 30, 7 55, 10 15. t Talbot Road)-- 55 107, 2 20, 2 45, 8 12.. 8 'O, 5 15, 8.50. 114,145:010. a 36, io o. Sunday. 7 25. 2 (Central) -8 0, 8 27, 855, 955. 10 2 1 20, a 8016, ' 6 55, 81.5 ' Sundays 7 JO 1 20, 4 55, 850.8' . 6 545-8, ~ ~,.45, 80 845, 9 5. 1039, 1235, 1 20,2 45, 4 20. 830. Sundays 8 20, 6 10, 920.935, 10 26, 1 31, 6 40. Sundays 12 52. 840, 9 30, 140, 422, 538, 8 41. Sundays 1210, p.m. ~ 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12, 11 5. 11 40, 6 125, 210,__, 530, 635, 735, 835. Sundays 20, 30.6 50 . q(llkas ici 028 g f,ttert--6 2 39, 716, 8 42, 109, 12 38, 143, 2 10, 3 30, -1•c(44 - 40. 7 47. 918 1046. Sundays 8 10,7 15. 42, 60,, 640, 813 9 20. 11 5, 11 10, _2_o, 2P' 912,4°. 65. 8 15, 930. Sundays 23, 442, 610, 2 35. ara,,b i'' 1. 7 4741• Y-8 16, 10 17, 11 43, 2 47, 522, 8 14,15 •• 1 4414 3'--•8 15, 10 20, 1 10. 35 3 50, 4 45. 99. Sundays 218,11neht„,,___7 30, 6 18, 6 50, 3 30: aExcept 7,40,,,n82,.41:2 6•„'",„11-"n•,--,-6, 59 7 20' 8 42, 9 29. 10 18. 11 29. 12_50, • 414,_•"*3' 44 ,`•• '5, 335, 4 40, 5 53, 630, 838. 912, 414 V. 0. 724 aSaturdaYs only. . 7 8,812..9 47, 3 7, 5.23, 5 40, 7 26,9132. Sundays 20 2 r . 0, 60. Sund_ay,s_6.o..., 941001,, 2 17, 3 21, • ~ (i:_4, 6 5,c, ej,t, Penketh-7 12, g_.uBl. J. 4 'i 1Z C.7t0..11 ~,? 01 , Sunday's 8 32. 7 4.4 .l. 1 2 Deithire Lines)-5 54, 627, 7 60, 90, 9 20. 1048, _ll. 3 5, 4 52, 5 15, 5 56, 6 57, 7 26, 8 57, 11 2L Sun- -10, 2 40, 3 17, 4 42 651, 8 54. 9 40. 6 i•tolar,7---1010, 20, 550. 9'S, Sundays 850.95. ,„ 0 on, . 41042. eo---8 44, 8 26. 1022, 1228, 241, 426, ° ''J, °av i olhelndays 9 40' 7 5 ;b •6 7el' -640,93,825,910,10 '•4lt, 1.'4 JO 5," Cadishe d-7 38, 9 56, 1 13, 5 4, 8 52, 1120.. Sun- 7,911. Sundays 8 37. 9 20, 331.4 55, 9 10. 26114(0%6 50. 8 4g'. 9 55. z 4-22, bts-ti--88 13. 840.932 10 6, 11 17, 1 20, al 4,5 , 2_ 13,sa_2 42: 14.1,7 •33. a•-• 67, 6 49,7 49, 91, 956, 1127. Sun.olay SSJ -tE,?urtays only. bSaan-5day61107808. , 20, 11 60, a , ii... BVtiTio-5, .110. Sundays 7 30, 9 20. ~ a.asendays only, *Saturdays only. 42, ..4-6 25. 820, 95,: 105 21 3100, 27 2,040, 5 •_,l,'*b, 1'15.. n• 6 2°.5, 81, 1045. 6 utila,l3si3 172 4450: , , 2 k,,-"' 9 E2'.l Mentral)-5 8 45 6 10,7 30. 9 30, .1120, 11 1 'o' 8 30, 8 40, 8 43, 11 55' 12 30, 12 40, 1 30,1 50 .20. , 40 '55 530, 536, 630, 6 35. 7 30. 8.1),, 30. 010 45 1140 1130.. Sundays 80,90. 2. Y• .s' 3°. 8 30, 833, 930. alloudays and. Saturdaee ya 4 acl)(20.1.1 1 '6 38 0(Ln• 4 N - )- 12 0 515, 7 15, 10 30, 210, -21(jteol;. -• SunciaNVys. 100,120,100.50. I: 81.4,r ldland)-5 15, 90, 105, 12 10, 20, 40, 50, a 9 15. 2 Q•ll4,___,7* 3 15, 120. a except Mondays 32, 923, 958. 10.12, 11 9, 1 11. at 37,25. a2a384, .559, 641, 741, 853, 948, 1119.. Suau y tjz;PIQI4,,,S. aSaturdays only. 6Saturdays excepted. "t 14 1 5:3c.,,,(L. & N.-W.)-o6 0, 70. 80. 90, 940,_ LI• 9: V43'S a ' ''). 30, 3 45, 4 25, 510,60, 7 5.9 40, 10 40,111 °*l Otlch 6' 8 30. 9 o 60, io ao 7 qi, a.eltro (London:m. -7 15..7 50. 925. From Exchange. 2 .35 10 35,11 5. 1 , s 94•4,:',40. Bqn t'S 5, 5 20, 65,7 5, 8 20, 9 10, 1045. Sunday s a... urdays only. bSaturdays exceppecia._ _ (Cheshire Lines)---.66 0, 6 48, y 20, 8 30, 9 b a i. a 30. 10 30. 10 45. 11 30 12 30. 12 45. 1 30, 2 30, 3 30, 4 30, 444900. : 6 30, 73086830 9 5 ', 110. Sundays 830, 1 40 20,2 5' 6 30, 8 5 8 25, 935. aMondays ell ly..6ll,lunda.vs onlc. ' 57, 2-42, 6 1. IC*lon 16. 11 55,3 20 4 50. 6 57,8 59. Sundays 7 151,11 4283. lit-, 2 6-.41-Wlll,ms-6 55,, 727, 8 34, 9 24' 10 89'35 99, F. 44,14 1 42, 33, 3554 35, 4 55, 549, 6 23, 7 30, ' ' l ' 814, ',`9 49, , 7 20, 11 5. a and bSaturdays only. 83z, 855, 109, 125, 517, 916. Sundays ° la :*lO4 .04.0‘,4 2-.-4.1. , 6 5, 9 39,10 10, 11 15, 11 20, ~,II'„"2 36, _.."5. 7 59, 9 35.10 47. Sundays 2 7,8 35, 3 15,12 15.1 0, 15_, 0 2 4, -45 "eorz, '.2ondays excepted. b Monday mornings 0n1y..., lq 036. --5 45. 8 39, 9 10, 13 22, 11 50,1 30, 2 56, 4 40, 540 155 • 21 9 • • a Vees--6 7 9 15, 9 55, 11 15, 125. 12 50; 1 30, 4 441,,,,5419 5, s',Lll6irliO, 755, 90, 1(' 30,*11 20. Sundays 740, 3,--e9. 8 36a I°ls' 45,9 g, 0 1113.1 15,a1 41.2 9,a2 42,2 55. 45, 8 57, 9 52, 1123. Sundays 8 29. 01, qa• (L. 1;,1,,,r9aYs only. 6Saturdays excepted 6 '• 5 (I', 8 Kfl --7 8, 8 55, 9 33, 10 33. 12 11_ 1_ _4:72 5190: 6 46, 8 50, 116. Sundays 824, 250 a 0 . 3 ar (elleshi Li nes)-- 8 30. 9 16. 109. 11 12, 1225. 127, 3 el• ' ' 16, ' 'l2, 7 16, 755. 916. Sundays 842. 336. 12 R4ei.--. 34'1' 4 15,42 35. 4 8, 6 3 ', 8k 454 5 „ 3, 8 15. 9 31, 10 10, 11_42, I_2 15. I._, 2_,‘,8., Sundays , u ."' 8 10, 852, 1030. Sund 2JD a4"loePt klondsys, tatantbsys only,

===== 0002601_18930909_art0093.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,-

===== 0002601_18930909_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTO WN HOMING SOCIETY.

The open raCe from Swindon was flown -on the 19th August, for the West Lancashire Cup. gm birds belonging to 91 fanciers competed. Mr. Thomas Howarth liberated at 1017, wind S.W. by W.N. T. Hopkin of Swindon kindly examined seals and signed usual certificates. Mr. Barron won the cup, value £5 55., presented by the president Mr. H. J. Longton. . The first six divide the entry fees in money prizes, according to the rules, and the next eleven take diplomas. Result : , yards . Miles pee min. 4 3 Barron Newton 136 13 6 2 T Hall Barlestown 136 1325 . 3lt Bartley Newton 136 1317 4 E Burrows Warrington 131 • 1314 55 T G Grounds . Warrington 131 1314 6 W Forster Warrington 131 1313 T Lythgoe Eeriest sven 131 1312 , H J Longton Earle town 136 1311 "T Southern Earlestown 136 1311 W Forster Warrington 131 1305 R 13urrows Warrington 131 1301 "W Longton Ear estown 136 1297 W Bennett Lowton 136 1292 11 Burrows Warrington 131 1277 A J Longton, Barlestown 136 1276 J Lowe Lowton 137 1276 Jaines Ince Ashton 137 1274 J Wilkinson Ditton 131 1269 N Bennett Lowton 136 1265 E Camm Lowton 136 1262 7 Wrightman Ear.estown 136 1269 J Bunch Lowton 136 1259 J Lowe Lowton 137 1256 , W Harrison Widnes 130 1255 W Forster Warrington 131 1856 J Ry.ance Earlestown 136 1253 J Smith Earlestown 136 1247 8 Gibson Huvton 136 1244 T Hall Earlestown 136 1243 H 3 Longton Barlestown 136 1243 W Jump St Helens 136 .1241 J Rvlance Earlestown 136 124.3 J Warno Haydock 137 1239 H 3 Greenough' Warrington 131 1237 J Cuuliffe Haydock 137 1236 R Hayes Golborne 136 1232 J Woods Kirkham 158 1225 Walmsley & Salisbury Ashton-ors-Ribble 158 1224 E Bowen Southport 153 1222 A 8 Keen Earlestown 136 1221 5 Gibson Hong:sten 136 1219 It Bortley -'" Ntwton '133 1217. W Harrison • Widnes 130(2) 1216 D Hodges Lytham 158 1213 J P Harlem Earlestown 135 1211 T Hadley Widnes 130 1246 J Conti ff e Haydock 137 1205 1) Hodges Ashton 137 1204 D Hodges Lytham 158 1202 T W Thorngood Sefton 'l3B 1196 T W Nicholson Burcough 147 1196 AS Hilton Wigan 143 1192 d Davies. Golborne 1.36 1171 T Marmon • Southport 152 116.3 J Salisbury Litherland 142 1153 Walmsley & Salisbury Ashton-on-Ribble 168 1148 7 Matthews Wavertree 126 1143 J Salisbury Litherland 142 1143 B Bower . Southport 153 1130 D Hodges Lytham 158 , 1-29 P Unsworth Lowton 136 1122 E Bower Southport 153 1116 R L Jackson Kirknam 168 1112 P Doolan Wavertree 136 1106 ' T Greenwood 'Ditton 131 1104 Mr Healy Warrington 132 • 11.04 T Marmon Southport 152 1097 A Whitfield Hale Bank 131 1083 _ T Kirkham Kirkham 159 1064 H Evans Earlestown 135 1058 P Doolan Wavertree 136 1048 D Hodges ' Lytham 168 1037 D Hodges Lyth+m 158 1033. 3 H Williams Warrington 152 1031 W Burgess Sefton Park 135 1024 D Hodges Lytham 158 1007 A Fletcher Liverpool 137 1005 T Crook Kirkham 159 1001 D Hodges Lytham 158 1000 W Burgess Sefton Park 135 985 311 Williams Warrington , 132 889 R Tedwell Maori 131 881 3W Ratcliffe Garston 133 814 ** Mr. Grounds nominated Mr. E. Burrows' bird, Mr. T. Sonthern and Mr. W. Longton nominated Mr. W. J. Longton's birds. Mr. T. W. Thoroughgood claims to have started his flying distance to his disadvantage. The following are disqualified for not having confirmed their telegrams: J—Armstrong, Wigan ; W. Longton, Newton-le-Willows ; J. Sankey, Earlestown; J. Hough- ton, Sankey Bridges; W. Cheeseboro, Earlestown •9 E. Naylor, Newton-le-Willows ; George Smith, Newton. This report has been delayed through having to rectify mistakes in telegrams.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SUICIDE OF AN EARLESTOWN

li&N.

LETTERS OF THE SUICIDE. AN OPEN VERDICT.

Mr. J. F. Price, coroner, of the Salford District, held an inquest at the Black-a-Moors Head Hotel, Rivington, on Saturday, upon the body of Thomas Knowles, 45, tailor and woollen draper, of Queen- st., and Earle-at., Earlestown, who committed sui- cide by drowning in " Little" Lodge, belonging to the Liverpool Corporation on the previous Thurs- day.—Thomas Molyneux, grocer and provision dealer, Market-st.. Earlestown, stated the deceased was his brother-in-law, and was 45 years of age and had always enjoyed good health. He left home on the Friday owing co money troubles. Witness had a conversation with deceased about a month ago, when the latter told him abut his financial difficulties, and he advised him what to do, but he did not follow his advice on any one point. Had dersia styl done so he believed things would have gone on all right. He last saw deceased on the Tuesday,at his shop door in Earles- town, when he bade him" Good morning" and passed on. On the Friday deceased complained to his wife of being upset and left the house without telling her where he was going. His wife told him that she had advised him to go for a walk, and nothing was heard of him un- til they learned of his death. They traced him to Liver- pool, on the Sunday,and was told he had slept at Waver- tree on the Friday night. He heard that he had been to the docks, and witness thought he had gone to America. When he had the conversation with him deceased said he would either drown or make away with himself. Deceased had had some drink but ap- peared hopeful when he left him.—By the Foreman : Deceased bad not been an intemperate man, but had given way to drinking latterly. Deceased was solvent. He was certain he had no troubles outside his business. —Abraham Thornley, clerk, Great House, Riviaigton, stated that he had known deceased about six years. On the Saturday previous deceased paid him an unexpected visit. Be did not appear as lively as usual. He spent his time going walks, and on Monday visited Horwich and Chorley for the purpose of collecting some debts,and on returning said he had got promises but no money. When he came he said he had made it up with his wife to go away for a day or two for a holiday, and decided r,o come to see witness, he brought no luggage. He com- plained about trade being bad through the colliers being out on strike, but said nothing more about money matters. On Tuesday morning deceased bade him " Cood morning" and witness thought he was leaving but on returning home at night he found him in the house. The following day deceased said he felt better in health and spirits than he had done for a long time. He conversed with him and they read the newspapers from 8-30p.m. to 11-15 pan.on the Wednesday. At 7.25 on Thursday morning witness's wife came upstairs exclaiming " Knowles' " Knowles" and informed him that deceased had left some letters on the table. Witness went down stairs and found the two letters produced. The writing was in pencil and written on printed bill head forms. One of these read, - Dear Bro. Thornley, I have gone to the water round the Black Boy, and you will find my body just past the third tree. Remember me to my wife and family and tell (here the sentence was left unfinished). I can't wait any longer and may the Lord have mercy on my soul. Wire them at once' your brother, Thomas Knowles. The other docucnentread "Dear Brother Thornley,—Accept my: thanks for your kindness. lam weary of waiting, hoping you will let my family know. Yours &G., Thomas Knowles. 1 have put the key under the door. On the other side of this note was written" Good nye and God bless my family and all friends." Witness left the house and went to the Little Lodge, where they found the body_pf deceased Deceased was without coat, hat and collar. He was in no way related to deceased.—Tbe Coroner summed up and remarked upon the want of evidence to show that deceased was in an unsound state of minel.—The fore- man was of opinion that there was not sufficient evid- ence to show that deceased was of unsound mind.— The other Jurors agreed and an "Open Verdict" was re- turned.

GOOD FOR TRADERS.—If there is anything which men in the Commercial World are supposed to bc alive to, it is their own interests. Forabout eight years now they have had Mr. Henry Sell, or Fleet-street, working hard to give them a Directory of Telegraphic Addresses,which should be as complete as possible as a result of personal labour, but which could only be quite complete if he could transcribe the Post Office Register of those ad- dresses. For these eight years Mr. Sell has striven, try- ing four Postmasters-General in succession, and at last Eucceeding with Mr. Arnold Morley. The next edition will contain more than double the number of addresses ever previously given, will be authoritative as it comes from the Post Office direct, and will certainly be about the most valuable publication ever issued for business men. Surely !hay will see that Mr. Sell has a little reward for what he has done by buying his book, and making a permanent addition to their books of re- ference.

BMIGRITION.—Intending emigrants to New York, Bosten Philadelphia, San Francisco, Canalax, China, Japan, Ave tralla, or New Zealand, should take ti ,kets (lowest rates) at the " Examiner " Office, by Guion, American, Australian Oriental, and other llnes.—John Walker, agent,"Examiner Orace, liewsty-st, Warrlngtaa.—Acirt•

===== 0002601_18930909_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF COLONEL IRELAND- BLACKBURNE.

Colonel J. Ireland-Blackburne, of Hale Hall, died in London on Tuesday morning. He had been ill for some time. He was about seventy-six years of age, and had suffered from blindness for some years. He was a tice of the peace for Lancashire, and was a kind anti considerate landlord and very popular. The deceased was the representative of a family distinguished in both ancestral lines in matters military, diplomatic, social, and scientific. Be was born on the 28th May, 1817,. so that he had outspanned by six years the alloted three score years and ten. He spent his early days in the an- cestral home of the Blackburne's, Orford Hall, Warring- ton, where, in his early manhood, InS formed a close intimacy with his neighbour, Mr. John Wilson Patten, of Bank Hall, afterwards Lord Winmarleigh, also lately deceased. This intimacy continued through all the different spheres of their lives, and when both resided in Warrington, they went hand in hand in matters in fur-1 tlierance of the social. interests of the neighbourhood. Colonel Blackburne was early conversant with matters political, for his grandfather did not retire from political life till 1830, and in 1835 his father Mr. John Ireland Blackburne successfully contested Warrington. While his father was attending to the political interests of War- rington from 1837 to 1848,be having been again returned in the former year, the son was undergoing his scholastic and military training. A hitherto unpublished incident, of the great O'Connell may fittingly find expression at this time. Meeting Mr. John Ireland Blackburne, who of course, as an out-and-out Tory, was diametrically opposed to him politically, in the lobby of the House of Commons, Dan O'Connell, with that ready wit:of which he was so great a master, Said "Mr. Ireland Blackburne, you are so fond of the name of Ireland that I know you will frank this letter to Ireland for me." The request Was instanter complied with. The political life of the son did not begin until the death of Mr. Turner, when he succeeded him in the representation of South West Lancashire as a colleague to Lord (then Mr. Cross). He continued in this capacity until the redistribution of seats in 1885, after which he did not seek to re-enter Parliament, but subsequently passed a retired life in London. He was Lord of the Manors of Warrington and Hale, and colonel of the 4th Lancashire Militia. He was a member of Parliament for South-West Lancashire until the Redistribution Bill. He is succeeded by the his son, Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Ireland-Blackburn. . . . .

By his first wife Mary, daughter of the late Sir Henry Bald Houghton, Bart., of Houghton Towers, Lancashire, whom he married in 1846, there survives Lieutenant Colonel Ireland-Blackburne, Mrs. Heywood Bright, of West Derby ; Mrs. R. C. Antrobus, and Lady Edwardes- Moss. There were no children of his marriage in 1857 to Emma Jernima, daughter of Mr. James Ravenscroft, and widow of the fifteenth Viscount Hereford. This lady predeceased him in 1870. The deceased Colonel was an ardent Conservative and Churchman. One of his latest benefactions was the free grant of the site for the erection of new schools in Manchester-road, Warrington. For many years be was president of the Warrington Infirmary and a trustee of the Warrington Blue Coat School. As a private gentleman and landowner he was held in high esteem, and his demise, though not unexpected, will be sincerely regretted. Colonel Blackburne's military career began in 1838 in the sth Dragoon Guards, with whom he rerved for four- teen years, during the latter part of which period he was a captain of the regiment. 1852 he was placed at the command of the 2ad Lancashire Militia, and in the troublous times immediately preceding and during the Crimean War he threw himself energetically into the for- mation of the 4th Royal Lancashire Militia, in the raising of which he was mainly instrumental. It was while this regiment was being raised that he came most in touch with the people of Warrington, his military figure being then one of the most conspicuous in the streets of Warrington. Many lively recollections of this period, in which he chiefly figured, are stored up in the minds of Warringtonians. As a mark of recognition of his ser- vices in this cause and appreciation of his intrittsic worth as an officer, he was appointed Lieutenant-Colonel of his regiment. his connection with it was unbroken until he finally retired from the service with the rank of Colonel.

• WARRINGTON LADS ON THE CLIO."

A deputation from the Warrington School Attendance Committee visited the ship "Clio" on the 6th July. There were, they report, 33 boys from Warrington on the ship, and many of them were questioned, and with- out exception they appeared well contented with the life on board the ship. Several boys are about to leave the ship, their time having expired, and the members were pleased to find that with one exception the lads were intending 0 join the Merchant service. The deputation was conducted through the ship by the courteous com- mander, Captain Moger, and every department was in- spected. The boys in the school and at work in the various departments, shoemaking,tailoring, baking &c. appeared to be industrious and well conducted. No- thing csuld be better than the result of the recent examination of the lads. The total percentage of passes of the 266 boys examined was 99.2. With regard to the ship, the members again desire to express the entire satisfaction which the inspection afforded them. A cheque for the year's donation was handed to the captain, and the members again contributed £1 towards the boys' fund. A deputation also visited the Boys' Refuge, Liverpool, on the 11th July. Superintendent Pridgen kindly con- ducted the deputation through the Institution. The Warrington boys, 21 in number, were inspected and questioned by the members. They seemed in good health. The dormitories have been very much im- proved. proper regard having been paid to the ventila- tion of the rooms and the provision of means of escape in case of file. Under the able management of Superin- tendent Pridgen rnany improvements have been effected, not only in the arrangements of the school, but in the treatment of the boys, and the deputation were pleased to learn that a scheme which has already received the sanction of the Government Department is on foot of providing a Home in North Wales as a health and holi- day resort to which the boys will be sent from time to time. The Government Inspector made a most favour- able report of the school, and stated "that the boys have creditably passed in all the usual subjects." An interesting discussion took place on the above report at the meeting of the Town Counoil, reported in another column.

Cardinal Vaughan, who succeeded Cardinal Manning as Archbishop of Westminster, has seven brothers in the priesthood, and three sisters who are nuns. The Rev. Benjamin Waugh is thus described in the " Phrenological Magazine :—Flis frontal angle shows a marked degree of intellectual power and scope of mind. His head is high from the opening of the car to the coronal region, which gives him high aspirations, philanthropic desires, and inclination to work for moral purposes. He has an organisation which indicates spirit and hope.

. . , • .—....,,, 1 - --'4,, •-•,.. ‘ ..;_vi -'•),IPR E F' S $///CLOTH ES.• - ' _-•-•.,- • - . • . - iv . -".• -`'` - .'—=•----"------, - --::--- - . .. . ~...„4 . : ... .......... , 111 ---- ---••: -.-- s AV-E. 'PMBII N G '• • - . BONUSN DURING 1893 TO .. . Pull Particulars . TO OF VENUS SOAP.- , - ..on each Wrapper. .e' WILL 1381ENYT For 120 Wrappers, Timepiece No.l, 41n. Dial will be sent. Picture of the Statue For 200 Wrappers, Timepiece No. 2,61 n. Dial will be sent. VENUS' DE MILO, , For 350 Wrapper., Timepiece No. 3,91 n. Dial will be sent. '4 I,4oln..:.Nvannue.dss; For 403 Wrappers, a Uncial:atom's I Handsome will be sent. For 25 Wrappers. and For 500 Wrappers, a Lady.7!,_,-,1 _Keyless Watch) will be sent. _FOr 60 Wrappers i - ti _ dsom m e Gilt Frame. . -

===== 0002601_18930909_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
limn.=

===== 0002601_18930909_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX AVI TNEP, S kTTTPfI AV. SEPTEMBER lc 2.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSUMED IN GREAT BRITAIN •IS SOLD WE

===== 0002601_18930909_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
MANUFACTURERS OF

PATENT MACHINERY.

~...• I cToR,AL I, IA , N oFoRTE -• if ,TO RI • NET, 25(Fu1l hinsic SizeFB i gess pop' Contains 70 ll,lustrations ' Li 1-71,,.:F.-;:a... o.:,,,..ipublisl,vi. last,. prral and over 2'..00 Songs, The Pictorial Tutor being put,. • 1 'Descriptive Piospecttvenr post free ine err,t vcenarkable . Dances, Carols, Ar,theme, . lished at Net Price, it cannctt be °b'ained t fT6..,,..Pp1.3;cr..;:7,1::(4:1/4,lo7l.ruzlic.n.f Ers.lcur.ic' t and chest u•-t So <Zany Book or Music Sal er uncle, 51. ...P.,fied. I r -1_ and H.v.mn Tows

===== 0002601_18930909_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
- -

I KEATING'S POWDER." Mille Flews. Bugs, Moths, Beetles. • - -

4 4 KEATING'S POWDER.' Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. -

KEATING'S POWDER." Kills Fleas, Bags. Meths. Beetles.

44 KAT EING'S POWDER.' Kills Fleas, Bus, Moths, Beetles.

44 KEATING%tI POWDER."

This pOwder, so celebrated, is perfectly unrivalled in destroying BUGS, PLEAS, MOTHS. BSEITLES, and all Insects (whilst periectly harmless to all anirnal life). All woollens and furs should be well sprinkled with the Powder before placing away. It is invaluable to take to the Seaside. To avoid disappointment insist upon having " Keating'. Powder." No ol her Powder is effectual. Sold en's, in tins, 6d., is., and Es. 6d. Beare of Imitations. Don't be deceived.

WORMS IN CHILDREN, WORMS ...IN CHILDREN,.

are easily, surely, and with perfectTudety got rid Of by wing KEATING'S WORM TABLETS. Nearly allchildren suffer from Worms. If suspected. do not wait; you can with ease cure the child (has no effect except on worm:). Sold by all Chemists, in Tins Is. lid each.

• BLAIR'S GOUT, RHIiUMATISIL LUMBAGO, NEURALGIA, SCIATICA,

-W°A3"lcs, Gal i 51.1.1)

The ACUTE PAIN IS quickly relieved and cured in a few days by these cerebrated Pills, well known as the Great Remedy for the _

, above complaints. Sure, Safe, and fiffeetual. SOLD BY ALL CitEmISTS at Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. per box. PILLS'

_ A BOON TO LADIES.

COLLINS'.4 MARVELLOUS FENULE REMEDY. The Surgeon forward Free of Charge, full PAR- TICULARS of a REMEDY. whi h, during an extensive Practice In Engtmd and the Colonies, he has never known kb fail in the most obstinate cases of OBSTRUCTION and IRREGULARITIES. Forward addressed envelope for fun particulars, stud waste no more time and money on useless Pills, and so-called Remedies, &c.. which. in the majority of cases, are nothing but PURGATIVES, and cause SICKNESS. PROSTRATION, and PAIN, without having the desired effect. Letters to be addressed to

THE SURGEON, GOTHIO HOUSE. ERSKINE-ST.. LIVERPOO

JUST TRY TDB GRAND MED WINE.

AGRIPPIN IS FRER FROM POISON.

--- • • It is a most wonderful discovery and has never yet failed to CURB any new Rash on the Skin or anyone hot and feverish. which are signs of a person beginning with Measles or S2srlet Fever or Smallpox, a few d,ses of 4grippin cures like magic. AGRIPPIN CURES ERYSIPELAS, with only a few doses it makes the skin very red and pain- ful ; also it cures very quickly any psinful Inflammation whatever ; or Influenza, or Cold in the Head. AGRIPPIN CURES SORE CIIESTS very quickly, and should not be neglected, because it Is generally the beginning of Inflammation of the Lunge "Pneumonia "which is very dangerous. AGRIPPIN CURES when all other remedies have failed, blood poisoning, blood disorders. dropsy. pleurisy, pains n the side. back and loins, liver complaints, bites of animals. bronchitis, shortness GI breath, and neuralgia. SOLD BY JOSEPH BIBBY, Grocer, Bt. Tames's-street, Latchford. Prepared only by

T. FoRSTER, PATENT MEDICINE VENDOR. EARLESTOWN. LANCASHIRE.

A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S PILLS

AII7E universally admitted to be worth a Guinea a Box for Bißoas and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fullness and Swelling after Meals, Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold. Chills, Phalange ot Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Scurvy and Blotches on the Skin, Dis- turbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb- ling Sensations, Stc. The first dose will give relief in twenty minutes. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try one Boxof these Pills, and they will be acknowledged to be

===== 0002601_18930909_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A EON.

Nor females of all ages these Pills are invaluable, as a ew doses of them carry off all humours, and bring about all that Is required. No female should be without them. There is no medicine to be found equal to Beechans's Pills for removing* any obstruction or irregularity of the system. If taken ac- cording to the directions given with each box, they will soon restore females of all ages to sound and robust health. This has been proved by thousands who have tried them, and found the benefits which are ensured by their ore.

Fora Weak Stomach, Impaired Digest:on, and all Disorders of the Liver, they act like magic, and a few doses will be found I to work wonders on the most important organs in the hunaan machine. They strengthen the whole muscular system, restore the long lost complexion, bring back the keen edge of appetite, and arouse into action with the rosebud of health the whole physical energy of the human frame. These are FACTS testified continually by members of all classes of society, and one of the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debilitated Is, BBBOIIAIPS PILLS have the kargest Sale of anti Pate,* Medicine in the World.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S MAGIC COUGH PILLS,

As a remedy for Coughs In general, istinna, roueh Affections, Hoarseness, Shortness of Breath, Tightness and Oppression of the Chest, Wheezing, de., these Pills stand un rivalled. They are the best ever offered to the public, and will speedily remove that sense of oppression and difficulty of breathing which nightly deprive the pollen of rest. Let any person give BEECHAM'S COUGII PILLS a trial, and the most violent Cough will in a short time be removed.

Prepared only, and Sold Wholesale and Retail, by the Pro prietor, Thomm Beecham, St. Helens, Lancashire, In Bozes 90., Is. lfd. and 2s. 9.1. each.

Bold by all Druggists and Patent Medicine Dealers every where.

N.13.---Irull4ireotions are riven %ith each box.

_A- 'X' 1V- 30 a .

Stout People made thin by using the SE 14 TONIC CURE WYN 58 SEA W L-T LozENGss 1) Will reduce neigh safely, 141bs. In a month. Failure impossible. Many thousands of genuine testimonials. The treatment, 2s. 6d., sent privatelyt Mr. SIZLWYN, Bloomsbury Mansims, London. W.C.

WOODS' PATENT GAILVAFdt3ED STEEL WIRE MATFRESSES. With French and Persian Bedsteads comsat/Its, To be seen carrying ONE TON. We Challenge other Wire Mattress to stand this Test it But is if ever re- quired of a Mattress that it should carry one ton' Certainly not. Hitherto the ..opluints gainst the use of Wire Mattresses has been that they stretched after a time, which was true. We give this severe test to _ prove that ours wit, not stretch. If they do within 6 years we will replace with new ones. To be had from THOMAS SUTTON, Sale Rooms. Legh Street. THE I,OMIFORO WIRE Co ,Limited,WARRINGTON.

JM PORTANT INVENTION for the married, harmless and certain, 4 stamps I. r sample.—G. ANDREW, 54 Perth-road, London. N.

I F NIARRIED. or going to, be wise end send your address in confidence. Stamp address for reply.—you AND Co., 69, Barker-pool, SheffiO4.

AILISTOTLE'S WORKS, with plat 3'2 Pages, 30 . "Parts by night, or Gay Life in Paris"; illustrated P3O stampo.—Postlree 11 BOWICER. 27, Renshaw-st., Liverpool

riXCHANGE for Stamped Envelope for particulars. Mar- -12./ tied Lady has a most valuable harmless recipe for ladies.—Mrs. BAYLEY, Broad-L, Nottingham.

'TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS for .11. Females, quickly correct all irregularities, re:eore all obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptoms so prove- lent with the sex. Boxes is. lid. and 2s. Dd. of all chemists sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker, H. T. TOWLE, Chemist, Nottingham.

\NB' BOX 'OF CLARkES' B 41 PILLS i 8 war- ranted ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs, [neither sex (acquired or constitutional), Grayel, and Pains in the back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold ia Boxes, 48. 64. each, by all Chemists and Patelit Medicine Vendors, throughtait the World ; or sent to any address for sixty stamps by the Makers, The LINCoLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BARCLAY & BONS. Londen, and all the Wholesale Houses.

, to. Io3s—drenoh. 4111111111111110 0 1 a lUIII 011Wil- p-4 'pr ..,-,--ze• fwt- - ' . ..-.4: 4-st ir ....... t i

===== 0002601_18930909_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
FI i'REPARATIONS of Real and Attested Value : TT M. ASHTON'S TIC AND NEURALGIA M•IXTBRB, in Is. bAttles, give' in.tantam. lIR II M. ASHTON'S TONIC VEGETABLE LIVER J.... 1• PILLS, 71d. and Is. boxes contain no injurious m nerals. BOWHL COMPLAINT_MIXTURH, in Is. bottles, used in

===== 0002601_18930909_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
all forms of Choler,.

These ar. to be nbtained only of the Proprietor, SINIEF.Y- STREET PIIARMICT, 63. Sankey-street (opposite Leh-street), Warrington.

AetterfS to the ebttor.

"VILE-SMELLING EFFLUVIA."

Sir,—Turning into Bewsey-st., and sassing along Younrirr-st., one day this week I Was met with an extra etroog dose of the vile smelling effluvia that emanates from the manholes and grids in that locality. Perhaps I thought it worse than usual because I chanced to meet one of our worthy city fathers driving through these strees when his contorted features AR he passed one of these detestable spots convinced me that it was not only my Plehian nostrils that were affected hy the inhala- tion, so freely and gratuitously given. Can nothing be done to rem-dy this P—Yours. &c.,

—BEWSEY, FOUNDRY-STREETS, AND CO. Warrington, 8:h Septem..er,lB93.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WARRINGTON ,ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL

CLUB.

Efir,—With reference to the above club, Ihe to In- form lovers of the Asscciation game in Warrington and district that the Warrington A.F.C. have dissolved in favour of the Cricket A.F.C., and the members of the former have decieled to realise the" stock in trade,"and together with a fair balance which the club had to their credit, hand the sum over to the local Infirmary. We do not wish to add to this resolution, but we leave it to the sportsmen of Warrington for their commendation or otherwise, as they think we deserve. All we wish for is that the game should prosper whether on the cricket field or elsewhere, in Warrington, and as this step will tend to centralise the strength, we think it is a step in the right direction. Hoping the Association game may have its fair share of support. Yours, Etc., JAMES MATFIER. late secretary Warrington A.F.C.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
DISTRESS IN WARRINGTON.

Sir,—Will you kindly allow me through the medium of your valuable paper to express my regret that the coal strike is being so long protracted. It is no doubt caus- ing in our midst an amount of distress for which the Warrington working-man is not himself resnonsible. It is a duty we all owe to do our little best to mitigate as far as we are able the distress which seems to be growing. Any case of real distress that may exist in St. John's Ward—(t hat being the part of the town with which lam best acquainted) I shall be pleased to do what I can to afford relief of a practical character. Any &servinn, case must be-made known to me at my office Haydock- st., Warrington, between three and four o'clock on Tues- day, Thursday, and Friday, when it shall receive my attention. Thanking you for the insertion,—l remain yours, Sze., Poplars, Great Sankey, Sep. 7,1893.

MINISTERS AND CHOIRS.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
W. FURNESS.

Sir,—l had just come fresh from a small article in my " Musical Times " for this month, on the subject of musical feeling without knowledge, wherein the writer marvels that the curious notion still exists that the musical world is divided into those who feol, but do not know, and those who know but do not feel ; while the fact that there is a third class, namely, those, who, able to feel, have also learnt to knowond who knowing.have yet not ceased to feel, is altogether ignored. With the remark that ignorance is not always a necessary condi- tion of bliss,and that all attempts to prove the superiority of feeling to knowledge, or of knowledge to feeling, are not only useless, but mischievous, since, " nothing so effectually conceals a whole truth as the exhibition un- der limelight of half of it," the article closes. It was with feelings in full sympathy with these stimulants that I attended the reception meeting given to the new Wesleyan ministers at the Bold-st.. School- room on Monday evening last. Now I wish to keep in mind that my present dealings are with a minister of religion, hut he has thrown down the gauntlet in such truly pugnacious fashion ,and has declared wit Is iconoclas- tic blare, that while he was delighted with music at one chapel.if he finds that there is anything of a scientifir(that word seems to be his bete noire) nature it the other chapel, 11,011 see to it, Sze.,ke. I think he will pardon me if, fresh from his speech he finds that I have caught some of his spirit:

*To begin with I should like to say that there is no narrow or personal object in my letter, as rezards the musical service of the two places of worship. For good reasons tam interested equally in both. My only reason for writing is to ventilate a antisct that seems to me to require ventilation.. It is a very serious and important matter, this question of music in dissenting places vf worship, and I much deplore the ill-timed speech, when other denominations are worthily endeavouring to be abreast of the times, when every schoonlbny is being equipped to take on honourable (I bad almost said " scientific ") part in the divine art. It is all very well to glow about Methodism at its rise being carried on a wave of song from John o'Grost's to Land's End ; everybody understands and acknowh‘ges the glorious part music had in that great revival of re- ligion, and I for one am proud of it ; but when, on that account we are told that we must stick to the good old tunes, and call the organist a villain for introducing a new tune, I submit that a word of protest is called for,

, I was reading in the "Methodist Times " lately a leader on preaching, and the special point taken up was that if ministers are to preach with tongues of fire, they must not be content to deliver twenty year old sermons, but to keep continually abreast of current thought—and it seems to me that this idea exactly applies to the musi- cal portion of the service also. 80, I ask (and I should be glad of an answer), the young man of the present day to be pinned down to the music of his forefathers, because, forsooth, the music of a century and a half ago performed its mission so well then ? It would pain me much to he misunderstood in this matter, and I will say at once that no one has a greater delight in some of the good old tunes, which are, and I hope for its own sake always will be, inseparable from Methodism— hut, as a wise man has said, " while we reverence the old we must bring a warm heart to the new," and it is only a tendency to narrow mindedness, a bane at all times, which lam now combating. _

My present contention is this ; that so long as ministers persist in assuming a dictatorial attitude towards choirs and organists, treating them with such scant respect—. so long as the necessary feeling of true sympathy and charity is swallowed up in a spirit 01 arrogance—so long will a blight hang over the true mission of music in our churches. Flow different that feeling and spirit dis- played last Sunday evening but one, by the revered pastor of he Congregationalist Church in Bewsey-st., at a musical service there. All hrmour to him for the words of wisdom he used on that occasion !

I will commend to our ministers the following quota- tion from Curwen's " Studirs in Worship Music " in the August number of the " Wesleyan Methodist Church Record," and there recommended as worth ponderino. : " Put no honour upon the office of choirsinger, let the choir feel no special spiritual responsibility, and the result is relaxing. G- eat them as coil( azues and assis- tants of the minister, lot prayer he offered for them from time to time, lose no opportunity of dwelling on the spiritual motive which should underlie their musical work, and the choir must inevitably rise to a better per- formance of its duties."—Yours truly,

SPECTATOR.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEKLY ILEPOET OF THE HEALTII OF

WARRINGTON.

During the week, which was the 35th of the current year, the following births and deaths were registered :—Births : Warrington, 45 ; Latchford, 5; total, 50. Deaths : Warrington, 31; Latchford, 1, total 32. The excess of births over deaths was 18. The death-rate from all causes was equal t 0302 per 1.000, against 278 the average of the pre.vious lour weeks, and against 22.1 the corresponding week sf last year. The death-rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to 179 per 1.000, against 12.2. the average rate of the tour previous weeks,and against 71 the corresponding week of 1892. The ages of mortality were ;—Warrington :0 to 1, 11. 1; 1 to 5,14 ; 5 to 15, 2; 15 to 25, 0 ; 25 to CO, 3 ; 60 up 1 ;total, 30-1 32. The deaths included-2 from from measles ; 3 :from scarlet fever : 11 from diarrhcea ; 1 from entric fever; 2 from whoop- ing cough ; 2 from tubercular diAease; 1 from cancer ; 3 from brain disease; 1 from lung disease ; 1 from liver disease. The infectious disease have been reported during the week :- Bcarlet fever, 17 ; enteric I. Meteorolog3.—The mean temperature was 57.4 Fah. and therefore 4i. deg. lower than the preceding week. The maxi- mum temperature 69 F., was recorded on the 30th inst., and the minimum temperature 40 F., on the 28th inst. The rainfall measured 0.22 in. The general direction was N.VV., the reading of the anemometer denoting 835 miles.—Jons; H. GonsIALL, Medical Oilicer of Health.

Fever.llo.pital,

Aikin--st.: Warrington. Report for the month ending 31st August, 1893 : In Hospital Ist August Admitted during the month.— Cases of Scarlet Fever Cases of Enteric Other Diseases ' 1

Total Discharged Cured l3 Dead In Hospital Ist September 4O

Total JOHN H. GORNALL. Medical Superintendent.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
ATHLETICS.

NUTP.B ON U.2-killES A:ND

CRICART.

There is yet another defeat to chronicle against War- rington first eleven, for they have been defeated for the second time this season by Birkenhead Park by 163 to 86 The team must be glad that the cricket season is almost over as it has been a very disastrous one for them. They made a better show against Birkenhead Park on Saturday,however,than at the first meeting which was a sorry exhibition indeed. Their highest scorer was R.Smith with only 16,closely followed by Mortimer 15,and Griffin 14. George Clarke did not make a "duck" this time as he notched a dozen. C. Holden on the other side beat War- rington himself as he made 91 before he was sent back. A mysterious " Hampson" was the most effective bowler for Warrington his four wickets only costing 24 rnns. 'The remaining six wickets were taken by J. J. Crosfleld for 77 runs.

Warrington 2nd alsa finished on the wrong side on Saturday. They too have done very poorly, and last Saturday's result read Birkenhead Park 94 for eight wickets, Warrington 84 all out. The fielding and the bowling was very good, or the batsmen were out of form for only three Warrington men got into double fi,,ures. Unsworth with 18 being top scorer. It is very inexplic- able how the Warrington teams, first and second, have such bad luck, as there are undoubtedly some very good crickcters amongst them. However, the end of the season has almost arrived, and let us hope for better things next time.

Sankey Wire Mills beat Cairo-street Unity on Satur- day, but low scoring was the rule, the only score of any consequence being Lightfoot for the Unity, who made 15. The result was 38 to 27 for the Wire Mills. Hobson for the Wire Mills had the excellent bowling average of eight wickets for 12 runs. •

===== 0002601_18930909_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

The cricket season has now come to an end, and the eight months football season has commenced. that football is far more popular among the masses than cricket was well shown last Saturday, when " gates "of League teams in most places amounted to over tea thousand. Where would they get such a splendid " gate " as this in a cricket match ? The cause of this is not very difficult to find. Cricket, although an ex- ceedingly lice game, is rather slow, and unless a " slogger " is at it, it is not very apt to raise the enthu- siasm of the crowd. On the other hand football abounds in exciting play. At almost every minute of the game there is something exciting going on, and the spectator is continually on the tenter hooks of expectancy, to the very last moment of the match.

Coming to the doings of the Warrington football team, it was the will of the fates that the first team should fight their first battle upon "foreign soil." Mossley as a rule have not been a very easy team to beat under their own vine and fig tree, so that a victory over them by a try to nil is nct a bad start. This result,however, is not as satisfactory as the play. During fully fifty minutes of the sixty played, the Warringtonians were pressing the Mossleyites upon their lines, and Warring- ton had exceedingly hard lines in missing scoring many times. The player who had the distinction to draw first blood for Warrington this season was Berry.

A try to nil this season is a greater victory than it was last, as now a try counts three points against two last season. The individual play on Saturday was very good, and Boscow was as safe as ever. Jolley in his unusual place—at least of late years—of three-quarter back, came off very well. " Captain" Bate and "Smack" Bate were also as agile behind the scrimmage as ever, while the forwards pushed the Mossley forwards pretty much as they pleased during the last half.

How will Warrington get along in the Lancashire Rugby League this season? They should make a good bid for the championship. They have plenty of players to fall back upon should any of the older ones not feel equal to the occasion,as the "A" team match on Saturday proved when they won by five goals, four tries to a try. Of course it is a very stiff climb up the league ladder with such clubs as Swinton, Salford, Wigan, Tyldesley, Ste., to meet, but the team have beaten everyone with the exception of Salford,and they can Ao it again. Below will be found a list of fixtur43 for the first team of the Warrinr,ton Football Club. Sept. 9 Mar. v. Single Jan. 6 Manchester, h 14 St. Helens Rees, a 13 *Broughton Rng'rs, h 16 Widnes, Is 2) afylueslev, a 23 *Broughton Rangers, a 27 * Wigan, Is 25 St ock port, a Feb. 3 Moseley, a *Tvidesler,ti 4 Kent Wanderers, a Oat. 7 *Wigan, a 13 *Broughton, a 14 *Broughton h 17 *Ol tham, a 21 *Oldham, is 24 *S Ilford, a 28 *Salfor,i, h Mar. 3 *Barrow, a Nov. 4 M'cliester Hangers, a 10 *Rochdale Ills, a 11 a Barrow. h 17 a3wldon, h 18 23 St. Helens, h 25 Moseley. h 24 Manchester, a Dee. 2 * Ito.thdale Hornets, h 26 Lan3aster. is 9 a Swinton, a 31 Widnes. a 16 Manchester Rangers, h Ap. 7 St. Meters, a 23 Lancaster, a 14 Stockport, h 26 Kendal Hornets, h 19 Kendal Hornets a 30 Rugby, Is 21 Mossley, h Jan. 1 St. Helens Res, a 23 St. Helens Rees, Is *League Matches.

The following are the fixtures for the " A "team. Sep. 29 Tyldesley. home 16 Widnes, away 27 Wigan. away 23 Br'ghton Rng.rs, h Feb.lo Broughton, home 30 Tyldesley, away 17 Oldham, home Oct. 7 Wigan, home 24 Salford, home 15 Br. ughton.away Mar. 3 Stockport, home 21 Oldham, away 10 Rochdale Hornets, h 28 S iltord, away 17 Swinton, away Nov. 4 IWchesters Itng'rs h 24 Manchester. home Dec. 2 Rochdale Hornets, h 26 Lancaster, away 9 SwintoE. home 31 Widnes, home 16 M'chester Rangers a Ap. 7 23 Lancaster, home 14 Stockport. away Jan. 1 St. Helens Rect. h 21 Mosstey, away 6 Manchester, away 28 St. Helens Bees., a 13 Broughton Ringers a

Warrington "A" were determined there should he no mistake as to the result of their match with Mossley Brow Ist,on Saturday. They actually won by five goals, four tries to one try, or 37 points to three. Needless to say that after the first ten minutes, Mossley were com- pletely at the mercy of their opponents. Lawless has early developed scoring powers, as three tries were ob- tained by him. Westall, however, was the hero of the match. His running powers were well shown, and I should think that he is worthy to be placed in the first team, to whom his speed would be a great acquisition. Potts and Nevins were also largely instrumental in win- ning the game. Lally was as quick as ever behind the scrimmage, and had a good helper in Hughes.

Warrington St. Mary's were not Quite equal to the task of defeating Bedford on Saturda 7, when they were beiten by two tries to nil. They have apparently not got their stride yet, but will no doubt do so before long.

At a meeting on Thursday. the Warrington Cricket Aslociation P.C., decided to take the :lame of the War- rington tosociation F.C.

I notise that the Association clubs of the town and district intend to snter into the medal competition again this year. RepreseLtativcs from various clubs met on Monday evening with Mr. W. Gould of the Lymm C.F.O in the chair. They decided to enter tial area of the competition by inviting the Widnes A..F.C.and amateur clubs from the EarlesCown district. The Warrington Association have been unfortunate in losing the services of their chairman, Mr. James Dunn, who has resigned through business Mr. J. Mather who was a member of the defunct Warrington C.F.C. was not allowed to resign the secretaryship, however, his services being too valuable.

On Saturday afternoon, the Penketh Football Clu b formally opened their season. In consequence of Hillsboro' School being unable to come as arranged, the Ist. eleven played the next sixteen, and playing in fine style scored 8 goals to 1. The non-appearance of the opposing team was a decided disappointment, as the placers were evidently in a scoring humour, Dumbill, J. Soivver, and Stanley, being specialty prominent. Wood- ville-thm new left wing was also present and showed himself quite at home at the game.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLING.

On Saturday last,ls Members of the Warrington Cycl- ing Club ran out to Lostock Oralam and from thence via Cranage, home a splendid afternoon being spent. J. Waddington on that day tried to lower the 100 miles Cheshire roads records. Owing to not being well paced at the start ho failed just to beat the record by eight minutes his tinie being six hours five minutes, a really grand performance when we consider the drawbacks. On Tuesday, E. rickavance, jun., along with Messrs. Adams and W. Deakin of the Anfield 8.C., met Mr. Lawrence Fletcher (who is trying to lower the Land's End to John O'Groats record) at Warrington and paced him through Wigan, Preston and Lancaster to Kendal, a good lift no doubt over the rough roads. On Tuesday evening, a score of members turned out and had a good run to Rainhill.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
SWIMMING.

The Warrington Swimming Club had a profit of over £l6 from the recent gala. They will without doubt soon become a flourishing organisation.Thcre is another " good thing "for them in October, when the final of the Northern Counties roll Competition will be ptayed in the Warrington Baths. The new bath, is evidently very popular outside Warrington as well as within the town.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
Ararxrics.

In the 100 yards race at. tncNorthwjcli Vicfori a Foot- ball Club Sports on SAturday, J. Massey, of Warrington was second from the eight yards mark, while Allen, of Warrington, from the 71 yards mark wls third. J.Mas- sey was also second from the 31 yards mark in the 440 yards race.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1893. CIVILIZATION'S INFERNO. 'WA IiRINGTON SLAUGHTER BANK QUAY SOAP WORKS. HOUSES.

BOW LING MAIN. The last bowling main of the season in connec- tion with the Bank Quay Soap Works, Warrington. was held at the Cemetery Inn bowling green, on Satifrday afternoon. The competition was for a splendid lot of prizes presented by Mr. A. H. Crosfield. Some of the tics proved to be very excit- ing, the final between J. Barton and J. Bandies, being , especially so, and Barton was deservedly cheered when he ran out victor. After the competition was over, the prizes were presented on the green, by Dr. Markel', in the unavoidable absence of Mr. A. H. Crosfield.—Mr. Willett, in introducing the doctor explained that Mr. Crosfield had senc him a letter expressing his great regret at not being able to be present, as he was engaged in a medal competition in golf. This being the case he (Mr. Willett) was glad that they had got Dr. Markel,' to take his place.—Dr. Markel' who was received with applause, said that it gave him great pleasure to be present that afternoon and to present tho prizes to the winners. Ile was rather in an awkward position as he was expected to speak upon a game he had never played. He, how- ever, took a great interest in it. He might say that in coming on the green .he heard someone say that a foreigner was to give the prizes that afternoon. Well he had the had taste to have chosen Germany for his birth- , place--(laughter)—but still he could prove that he was a better Englishman than the man who had called him a foreigner. That man was born in England because he could not help it, but he (Dr. Markell) was an English • man from choice. (Laughter.) Continuing the doctor expressed his pleasure at meeting the workmen outside the works. He could assure them that next to his interest in the firm, which was paramount with him, he took an interest in those who worked for the firm (Applause.) The doctor then presented the prizes which were as follows :—First prize J. Barton, Case of knives and forks ; second prize J. Randal's, clock ; third prize G. W. Wilcock, clock ; there were also other prizes. After the presentation of prizes, Mr. Willett in pro- posing a vote of thanks to the doctor for his presence at the main, said that he thought that this main had been one of the best and most crderly that they had played during the whole season and no one had lost his temper. tie was very sorry that Mr. Crosfleld could not be with them as he took a deep interest in the doings of the workmen. He thought that he was echoing the senti- ments of everyone present in saying that they were truly thankful for Mr. Crosfield's kindness and generosity towards them. Mr. Crosfield had come among them and by this time had learnt all about their ways. He hoped that during the coming winter the social evenings would prove a success. He expected that they would com- mence next month. He might say that the idea of these social evenings was first suggested on thegreen on which they stood, and they had by the generosity of Mr. Cros- field, a piano presented to them. Let them make the evenings a success during the coming winter. In con- clusion he thanked Dr. Markell for his kindness that afternoon in being present.—The motion was seconded and carried with three cheers for the docter.—Dr. Markel' thanked the men for their vote, and expressed a desire to take a few lessons in bowling, as he had already had some in cricket. They might depend upon it that if he was beaten at first, they might look out after a few games. (Laughter.) The doctor then related some amusing experiences in cricket. Subsequently a jovial meeting was held at the Committee room in the Cemetery Inn at which the programme consisted of songs, etc.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
(BY MR. H. WHITHAm.)

Well now, what is the cause of all this desolation? You in England are pretty well used to it. I may say the same of the whole of Europe I think, I suppose you are having a big strike of the miners jusr now, you have only just settled the cotton strike. I saw in a recent letter of " Cyrnro's" to the" Examiner" on the coal trouble a noteworthy ' line in which he said that the supply exceeded the demand. Ile may be right in saying this during July, but I am afraid he would have said the same had it been December. Why does the supply exceed the demand? I have looked over the latest list of new coal pits opened in England, and I was quite surprised ; their number is phenominal. As the." York " says,." There must be money in it." . .

What a lot of 'fools we are surely. The boss at Home- stead says "improved machinery gluts the market." The miner says "opening more pits gluts the coal market." The cloth and cotten manufacturer says "the workhouses are all full, shut down a month." The bankers, and brokers, the thieves of Wall-street, and the good old lady of Threadneedle-street say "there is too much silver, stop coining it" in India, and stop mining it in Colorado, and for answer to all this we open a new silver mine in Australia that turns out 200,000 ozs. a month. We go on putting up improved machinery in our mills, and factories. The best of it is "we are all quits sure that it must be done, and do you know ? we shall have to shut up." The workingman is a turbulent, dissatisfied fellow, always striking, and agitating for less hours. We want to run our machinery all the hours God sends, don't talk to u 3 about limiting the output. If we grant you less hours, you will have to do as Mather and Platts very sensible workmen have done, squeeze ten hours work into nine." Looking through the last issue of the Labour Gazette, London, I find that in Belgium a large league is being formed to petition the employers to close their shops at noon on Sundays and public holidays. This is certainly going too far, just to think that the Continental workmen want half a day's rest on God's holy day! Why these men deserve to be— Well the fact is, they are selfish, and not considerate enough of their employer's happiness. In all seriousness, we must ask the cause of these troubles, and how shall we get rid of them? I remember Max Muller settling the question as to what we should do with the old folks. He suggests they be taken into the woods, and left for the wild beasts to settle matters with. The only objection I see to this is the growing scarcity of wild beasts. Young folks grow old so fast, that the four-footed beast has to give place to his slightly more upright supplanters and so, of course, only the fittest survives. But what shall we do with the young men and women ? That there E.t.a plenty around, no one denies. It is of no avail to answer, that there is plenty of food, plenty of clothing, and enough of shelter for all. This is no answer, because a political economy that had its birth with Adam Smith and James Watt has decreed that those who toil not, nor yet spin shall be the right- ful owners of all earned and unearned increment. It was suggested some years ago that some sort of a round- about Balthusian system might be taught the people, so that the supply of labour should be limited. But that was objectionable to capital, besides, was it not agai fly the law, and the prophets ? I am pleased to seethe answer is fast taking shape in the minds of men. For years I, and others have done our hest to Stamp out the wild, selfish and unreasoning competition that fills the minds of men. I know the arguments our opponents use. They are stale as hard tack, and there is not a manufacturer or tradesman in any line of business but will allow these arguments to be utterly worthless. Otto Stechhan of Indianapolis, Ind., the newly elected president of the National Furniture Manufacturers' Association, at a recent convention held in St. Louis, Mo., gave expression to opinions which are of great interest to employer, and employee alike. He claims to have gained his knowledge through personal investigation while holding a position on the State Board for industrial schools. Mr. Stechhan said : " Competi- tion at one time was considered the life of trade, but this maxim has long ago become a fallacy and proves, if anything, to be a veritable curse instead of a blessing. Every 'Mots., 10dols.. yes, 15101 g., chamber suit or 3 50do1s. lounge or 1.25d015. bedstead which is placed on the mallet to-day is a curse to the community, not referring to its poor intrinsic value. It 'means that labour has been degraded and pulled into the mire; that it has been brought on a level with convict labour ; that we are praducing a new race of slaves. It means that thousands of children are taken away from school at a time when they should be acquiring useful knowledge; that they are wearing out their young lives in the shops and factories, in the dust, grime and smoke. It means an im povished race ; it means slavery in its worse form. Mr. Stechhan went on to say further that he csuld vouch for the following, and I paiiicularly call atten- tion to the facts stated :—" I know of a concern which has the enviable reputation of manufacturing extremely cheap chamber suits which refused to give employment to skilled labourers who applied for work, because, as the firm members expressed themselves, the applican.s expectei to receive one dollar per day, which, consider- ing that they had a family to support, would be as cheap as they could possibly afford to work,because the , concern was only paying 80 cents per day for skilled labour; that even such hands as worked by the piece rarely earned one dollar per day. Another instance parallel with those quoted came to my ears which as- tonished me all the more because it was perpetrated by an establishment considered incapable of such an action. When we consider, however, that the margins have with this concern also become so small that it instructs its salesmen to sell only a certain amount of one parti- cular kind of its manufacture—beyond which it could afford to pay a commission—then we can readily see why such discreditable actions are possible. A la- bourer who had been employed by this concern for many years, who wore himself out in its employ at the munificent salary of I. dollar 25 cents per day, recently had his wages reduced. because, as Was told him, needed improvements were necessary, and the firm could in consequence not pay such high wages. The real cauFe, however, was that the man was getting old and possibly was no fonger able to do the same amount of work as in hi i younger days. In view of the fact that the proprietors of this concern are considered inde- pendently wealthy,and occupy a front seat hi church, it is a matter of easy solution why we hear of discontent in labour circles. . . .

So far as I can gather, this sort of thing ia going on in every trade. It is practfeed,however.more particularly on the poor ignorant people corning front the European continent. Again, it in to be noted that there are amongst these ignorant workers coming here a pretty large per centage who have imbibed the worst features, or should I say, teachings of the continental socialists. These teachers themselves are not wanting. They do not work, but manage to live on the earnings of others, seeking every opportunity for spreading their pernicious doctrines. It has been noticed' that the shooting and dynamite work at the Homestead riots was all perpet- rated by men who knew not a word of Engliisb,. arid had not the least conception of the power of the ballot box. I hold that the road to emancipation lays right through the ballot box, nor have they other knowledge but what lies in brute force and corrupt polities. The practical outcome of this is, employers are beginning to see that in inviting cheap labour frouvEusope, they have•invited a class of men that may at any time fall upon, and rend them, therefore the.edict has gone forth from more than one large firm that no more Hungarians are to be employed. Society, like the employers,.is beginning to tremble, and ask itself the pertinent question, what shall it do to be saved? No one will accuse Ward McAllister of de- voting too much of his time to people's question. As leader of the "Four Hundred '" Nis time must be pissed in upper sweatdoin, yet he has found time to puishsh a letter in which he says " Much, of our trouble lies in our always discounting the future.. If a piece of nroperty is worth to-day £lOO,OOO we expect in a few years it will , double or treble, and at once estimate ourselves at this ratio. There is no country in. the world in which the cost of living is so great as in, ours. Our daily expen- diture for simple necessities is absurdly extravagant. Since the millionaire era the vost of living with las has been quadrupled. The millionaires are responsible, to a great extent, for this burdenlaid upon people possessing moderate incomes. They have initiated extravagant expenditure in everything. Up go their costly palaces in town and country, stablvs that must needs h.hl 25 to 30 horses, a retinue of servants required by a king, a head cook whose wages are equivalent to Use salary of the Governor of one of oat states, the maintrnanee of a yacht for six months at an expense that would have paid Gen. Washington' salary as President af the United States. "All this is increasing day by da.v, until we are brought to a standstill by the daily reports of crash after crash of the falling fortunes of our comntrysnen. It then, not so much stopping the scare," as our great politician suggests, as finding a remedy ad turning over a new leaf; going stow, instead of keeping up this break-neck p.m: initiated by imaginary fortunes of ml lions on paper. There are three distinct features I have tried to bring out in this letter. The direful poverty of the poor. Th” evils of the competitive system, snit the nienac,. to the whole social fabric existing in an unreasonably rich plutocracy. Here, as in England, the people as a body do not appreciate at anything like its value the power of the ballot box. Politics are so corrupt that it mping as if the only method of reform lies in the direction of !e- -volution. 'lse Amman stable needs the treinenclous rind overwhelming stream of popular indignation and revolt to clean jC, Sellis'iness that compels poor men to pay 103. per week for three small, stuffy, unsanitary rooms in the city, or, as in my case. 14s. per week out of a miser- able wage of 65. per day is not to be borne much longer.

Lord Shannon, who has been called the "Cowboy Lord," is a unique typl of Irishman. His wild life in America gave him a tare for rough men and hard la bc,ur, and he spends much of his time in his beAutifill country seat in county Cork wi,ll his own in the lidds. Ile particularly fond 8f wod-cliopping, an.] Ike results of his labours in this reaps are ahvays distributed as fm.l to his cottager, who, it can easily to imagined, are devoted to their landlord.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
CLAIMS OF MORALITY.

(By "CLEo.") Since the publication of last week's article, I have seen the report of the Chief Inspector of Nuisances in the medical officer's report for the year ending 31st December, 1892. Referring to the slauchter houses he says "As I have remarked in my previous reports, the inspection of slaughter houses, which are spread over the borough, is a matter of great difficulty, and the only way of simplifying the labour of inspection would be accomplished by the erection of a public slaughter house and abattoir." Here is ample official and, as far as I am concerned, independent corroboration of the fact that such an institution is a dire necessity. The requirements and claims of morality are little less urgent than the demands of health for the abolition of the present slaughter houses. Ido not wish to hurt sensitive nerves by too minute discrip- tion, nor do I wish to bedaub this picture with the gruesome details that go on within the walls of these houses, but the necessity of having the full light of public opinion directed towards them if for no other purpose than to reveal the moral depravity to which many of our children are being exposed, is so clamorous that I must make this a miniature chapter of horrors. How many in War- rington, may I ask, are cognizant of the tact that boys and children have an almost free access to some of the slaughter houses when slaughtering is going on ? If there be any such, then I tell you to your faces that you have been lacking in your duty not to have raised your voices in condemnation of such a practice. Think of thern,from the tiniest dot of childhood till well on in their teens, being debasingly fami- larised with the sufferings and the bloodshedding of the slaughter-houses, and then take your share in any movement to remove this influence from their midst. I speak with no Equearnieh feelings at the sight of blood, for I have had more scenes of horror in my history than perhaps any man in Warrington. I stood beside and gazed with awe- struck horror on the mutilated features of a mur- dered wife and mother and her murdered little ones in that demon's house at Rainhill, I ransacked that charnel house from top to bottom, including the awful ki:chen ; 1 have seen the distorted, torn, and bloody portions of what had been human beings before the iron horse had mercilessly rent them asunder; I have seen and helped to carry in my arms, children with their flesh in flames to their early deathbeds in the Infirmary, and suicides and fatal accidents have I seen over and over again ; yet in the midst cif these and other scenes of death, that which has most rivetted itself in my memory, and disturbed my imagination is one when as a boy I was not prevented from witnessing the death throes of an innocent sheep in a slaughter-ho Use. The vividness of that early scene returned with all its pristine intensity when in preparation for these papt re, for a second time in my life I stood in a slaughter-house and saw the scene repeated. Seeing that [had been so powerfully and lastingly affected by that scene, I was astounded beyond measure to find in going in and out amongst the children of the humble poor. in Warrington, that not only were they familiar with, but that they actually gloated over the agonies of these dumb animals. This revel- ation was not the least important factor in prompt- ing rue to thoroughly investigate the matter to the best of my ability. Suppressing names I will give the results briefly of one or two inquiries I casually made amongst these boys with whom other circum- stances bring me daily into closest contact so that I had not the slightest difficulty in obtaining what they were only too pleased to dilate upon with- out divulging what I was driving at. One grimy grinning youngster of ten or under tells me he goes into the slaughter houses for bladders, he likes to sae them knocking the cows down but, poor little chap, he is yet innocent and pare enough to say that he doesn't like to see them killing sheep. ,Ne- body says anything to him. Bigger boys laugh sarcastically when asked if they frequent the slaughter houses. Of course they do, Mr. So and So is very good at letting them in, he never says " nowt" and "it is grand fun." The men frequently ask them to hold the legs of Che sheep while they are being killed. And the boys say that some of the sheep kick prop- er hard and bleat very loudly. One of the boys says at first he used to turn away his head when ' the poor creatures are being stabbed but he does not do so now. One boy's idea of the best fun of all was when the men or the boys themselves daubed their faces and their hands in the blood but that idea gruesome as it is falls far short of another boy's idea. This imp of mischief, fortunately now for himself is in safe keeping in an Industrial school, although but turned eleven, thought that the best fun con- sisted in driving a pin into a bullock's eye, as soon as the animal had been klled and then seeing the fluid squirt out. He struck quite a theatrical and heroic attitude when he explained to the the other boys how it was done. These are a few, but surely sufficiently numerous examples of the many culled from bays who for the most part were the worst truants in town. I feel confident that a considerable portion of what should have been their school time was spent in these slaughter houses under circumstances which I have here described. There may be readers of these lines who are consol- ing themselves with the fact that such children only belong to the very poor and perhaps not the deserving poor. I admit the fart that generally speaking they do belong to this class, but I do not admit /hat this affords any grounds for consolation --rather the reverse. In course off my tour of in- spection, evidence was not wanting to show that children of the respectable classes were in danger of being contaminated. For instance one slaughter house has a large iron grating in the wall looking into a much frequented footpath. At this grating I foond a boy apparently of the respectable class, intently peering at what was going on inside, a bullock having been newly felled. I watched his counter,ance and could plainly tell h the aspect on his features that his nerves were strang to an un- natural tension and that his whole imagination was rivetted on the scene before him. The playground of one of the largest church schools in town is only separated by a wooden pailing of no great height from a slaughter house. Not only are the noises from the slaughter house plainly audible but it , would not take much of the usual, schoolboy ac- tivity to witness the whole proceedings from begin- ning to end, and we all know that curiosity is strong in boyhood. The outside stairs at the rear of the school overlook the slaughter house in ques- tion. The teachers and managers of that school must know perfectly well to what F allude, and! am save they will bear me out in saying it 18 a most undesirable neighbour. Other slaughter houses are overlooked by the windows of numerous dwelling houses, and the effects in their cases would be the eame. But corning again inside the building as 1 have previously stated in some cases, the dwelling houses of the slaughter house men are within the premises, and only is yard or two from ' the entrance to the killing shed. One little mite, scarcely able to more than toddle, left its door- step as soon as a bullock had been safely taken in- side the shed and secured, and stood an interested speetstor at the killing house door at what was go- ing on It was with very great reluctance thet the child was forced to leave, and I could well understand the truth of the remark that was jocularly passed by one of the men that there was nothing the child objected to more than to be taken away from witnessing the proceedings. Other instances of this occurred in the brief space of that oneafternoon. One other feature and then I've done with this phase of the question, and that is that during the hot months, if not indeed all the year round, theze are slaugeter houses whose doors are left open while the men ON at work, so that any boy or girl passing can with little or no effort se much that is not good either for their moral or their physical welfare. It is no wonder, therefore, to find boys of tender ages playing together in yards or open spaces at mock-killing and dressing each other as sheen or oxen, with an adroitness which shows that they have been eager witnesses and learners of what goes on in reality. I could preach and I could expatiate upon the consequences arising from the debasing influences to which the young are so freely exposed, but I will not. If the foregoing be not sufficient to arouse the indignation of the public I attribute it not to lack of description on my part, but to the hack of moral insensibility on the part of the public.

The Prince of Wales is a poor sleeper, and, aerator°, rises early. In this particular he resembles the Czar, ho Wren gets up at three in the morning. One of the principal hothouses for growing nvm of letters tA the Board of Trade. Mr. Cosmo MonkhotlSP, Mr. Austin Dotmoa, Mr. Samuel Waddington, and Mr. Goss(' are all in this office—forming, with some others, " that chsro3io2 Whitehall coteri " which is" destined," says Mr. Le Gallienne, " to live in literary history eSide that other famous one at the Indian House,

===== 0002601_18930909_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
--4.-- PROPOSED NEW C EIAPEL IN LATCHFORD.

For a number of years, the Wesleyans of Latch- ford have agitated for a new chapel as their present preaching place does not belong to themselves butis a Temperance Mission. A site has now been chosen at the end of Thel wall-lane, and on Thursday meet- ings in support of the building fund were held in the Temperance Hall. The Rev. J. Kirtlan took the chair in the afternoon, and the meeting was ad- dressed by Miss Bessie Dutton. A public tea was afterwards held and then another meeting presided over by Mr. R. G. Ilenshall. During the course of the Meeting the Rev. J. liirtlan made the financial .statement which showed that including the day's proceeds of £l2 163.,the total amount already raised was ..£560. Mr. Percy Silcock, architect, was pre- sent and exhibited plans of the proposed new chapel which would seat 200 people, and will pro- bably cost about .£l,OOO or .£1,200. Addresses were also given by Mr. S. Moss who spoke in terms of praise of the Rev. J. Kirtlan for his energetic sup- port of the scheme, and Councillor Roberts who spoke as a Nonconformist in full sympathy with all sections of Nonconformity. He believed that there was plenty of room for the establishment of a very strong healthy Methodist came in Latchford, and expressed his intention of subscribing to the funds. He hoped that within 12 months, they might have an opportunity of meeting together in a very much Fenger place than they did that night.—The Rev. G. D. Mason, who made his first appearance in Latch- ford, gave an encouraging speech. and the meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman and the pronouncing of the benediction.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TRADES UNION CONGRESS.

IMPORTANT RESOLUTIONS.

The twenty-sixth Trade Unions Congress was opened on Monday at Belfast. At the opening meeting the chair was taken by Mr. John Wilson, M.P. vice chair- man off the Parliamentary Committee. There was an unusually large attendance of delegates. Mr. Samuel Munro., president of the Belfast United Trades Council, was unanimously elected president, and Mr. Wilson resigned the chair to him.

The report of the Parliamentary Comniittee vim then presented by Mr Fenwick, M.P. Ainengst other mat- ters, the Committee noted with satisfaction the appoint- ment c f working men as magistrates and the reduction of the qualification of the guardians of the poor. The changes advocated by the Congress were all embodied in the Employers' Liability Bill, and the Committee trusted that every assistance would be given to the Gov- ernment in their endeavour to pass the bill this year. During the past year the relations between capital and labour had been severely strained. Effective organisa- tion had become imperative, and trade uni.mists were urged to make strenuous efforts to draw into their ranks the whole of the wage earners of the United Kingdom.

The Trade Unions Cmgress resumed its sittings at Belfast on Tuesday, when the President Mr. S. Monro delivered his address. He expressed a hope that this vt of the Congress to Belfast would hav&the benefical effect on the fortunes of Ireland. He believed that the trade unionism was destined to be the instrument to free Ireland from the incubus of religious bigotry and politi- cal intole,ance. He advocated increased labour repro- ..entation in Parliainent an extension of technical educa- tion, a reform of the poor laws, and the better organisa- tifin of women workers, and denounced strakes as crimi- nal folly when entered upon before all other means of settling trade disputes had been tried. Tne greater part 4.f the day was occupied with a dis- cussion of the Parliamentary Committee's report. vote of censure on Messrs. Fenwick,. and John Wilson, for their action in reference to the Miners' Hight Hours Bill was defeated. TYade unionists generally were recommended to give the• Miners Feder- ation all 2essible pecuniary support during the lock-out.

At Wednesday's sitting of the Trade Ithin,ns Congress, Mr. H. 'Mien moved a resolution to the effect that a voluntary fund should be established to assist Labour candidates at local and Parliamentry elections, each society desiring to affiliate with the movement to sub- scribe St. pet hundred members, and, all candidates re- ceiving financial assistance pledging thetnselves to sup- port the Labour programme. 'the resolution was sup- ported be Mr. J. H. Wilson, M.P.,. and Mr. B. Hardie, M.F. Mr. M'Donald (London) movad. an amendment affirming that candidates receiving_ financial assistance must pledge themselves to support th* principle of col- lective ownership and control of all means of produc- tion and distribution. He said the Labour members had no right to discuss party political questions while there-was a single man, woman,, or child in the coun- try suffering from want of work.. Mr. I'. Curran. (London), seconded the amendment. After a lengthy disclosion, the amendment was adopted by 137 votes to SV. . . _ _

Mr. Tiardie moved that imorder to assert the claims of the Labour party it was necessary that Labour members in the House of Commons shoula be unconnected with either of the political parties, and should sit in opposi- tion to any Government, " until strong enough to form a Labour Cabinet." The resolution was rejected. A resolution was passed expressing hearty approval of the Employers' Liabitity Bill, and urging its passage in, its.present form,_

At the Trade Umion Congress on Thursday Mr. Tillett moved a resolutia•ii calling upon the Parliannenatry Committee to formulate a bill for regulating the hours of labour, limiting them to eight per day, such bill to contain a c15114e enabling the organised members of .any trade protesting by billet against th? same to be ex- empted from its provisions. The resolution was sec.onded by Mr. K. Hardie, 111. P., end carried by a large major- ity. . _

A resolution calling for an amendment of the law re- lating to juries so that all workmen entitled toa vote at Parliamentary elections may sit as jurymen, with an allowance of 103. per day for their services, was moved by Mr. J. H. Wilson, M.P„ and adopted unanimously. The action of the Manchester Watch Committee in ordering the arrest and prosecution of persons taking collections on behalf of the lock-nut colliers was condem- ned in a resolution moved by Mr. Leonard Hall, such action being regarded by the Congress as "a glaring collusion betweouthe authorities and the employers to starve the men into an indefensible reduction of their waxes." . _

r "Penwick, M.P., and M. Neir Hardie, M.P„ were nominated for t le Parlimmtary secretarphip of the Congreasi

ELECTION OF COIIMISIONERA AT

RUNCORN.

The annual election of five members of the Run- corn Board of Improvement Commissioners took place at the Market Hall,on Thursday. There were ten candidates for the five seats, viz., Messrs. Saml. Taylor, E. Wynne-Humphreys, and Richard Abel, retiring members,and Messrs. Thomas Jones,Arthur Bough, Thomas Dean, Walter Collier, Wm. Mellor, Edwin Imison, and R. Roberts. To the regret of many ratepayers, Mr. W. Fisher,who has had a long connection with public affairs, did not seek re- election. More than ordinary interest was taken in the contest, and what is quite unusual, three meet- ings were held and the majority of the candidates addressed the electors. Mr. Humphreys gave an account of his stewardship injßethesdaLecture Hall on Monday, and was so successlul in explaining the position of the Board on several questions that had agitated the public mind that it was generally considered his chances of re-election were much im- proved. On Tuesday evening a meeting was held under the auspices of the Ratepayers Association, and speeches were made by Messrs. Imison, Mellor Collier, Humphreys, Abel and Roberts. The Associ- ation on Thursday issued a leaflet requesting the workingmen to vote for Collier;llumphreys,lmison, Mellor, and Taylor, " Who are pledged to study the welfare of the town." The bill concluded "Shake up the dry bones ! " Ratepayers were requested 'to vote for Abel, " the organiser of the soup kitchen" and a true friend of the workingmen. Mr. Collier sought the suffrages on the ground that he would work for general reform, while Mr. Humphreys claimed support on half a dozen grounds,most prominent being sanitary reform,aud the division of the town into wards, and because he was a true economist. Messrs. Imison and Mellor issued no squibs, while the remainder sought to be returned as independent candidates. Mr. Taylor, who at the present time fills the honourable posi- tion of chairman of the Board,issued a card bearing a portrait of himself. He drew attention his seven- teen years' service, and called upon the ratepayers to support their tried representative. The poll opened at nine o'clock, and it was found that Mr. F. Wiswall, the returning officer had made the most complete arrangements for the contest that the system of election would permit He was assisted by a staff, consisting of Messrs. F. A. Lake (law clerk), E. Mashall (sec), M. Barker (surveyor), W. Sutton (assistant overseer). and J. I D. Jones (librarian). While Messrs. Percival, Garrett and Austin preserved order and directed the voters. Each candidate had a booth in the Market, Hall, and the voters as they entered the building were solicited for their votes most assiduously. The polling went on steadily throughout the day and there was an absence of excitement that made the contest appear much tamer than others of recent years. There was an old Commis- sioner in the Hall who attracted much notice. This was Mr. Shaw Brown, thirty years ago a leader of the Runcorn people, and now having fallen upon evil times, had revisited the scenes of his formt r glory. During the afternoon a collection was made on his behalf by some of the gentlemen present and a good sum was realised. The poll was closed at four o'clock and at a quarter to five the return- ing officer announced the result as follows : E .Imison 878

8. Taylor B2B E. Wynne Humphreys 675 W. Collier 662 Richard Abel 572 Thomas Dean 554 Thom is Jones 548 Arthur Hough 416 W. Mellor 400 R. Roberts

Short addresses were made by the successful and unsuccessful candidates, and on the motion of Nit% Taylor, seconded by Mr. Imison, a vote of thanks to the returning officer and his staff for the efficient way in which they had performed their duties was accorded.

The hundreds of ratepayers who had assembled then dispersed.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIAGE OF A RUNCORN GENTLEMAN.

On Wednesday at Knutsford Parish Church, Miss Emily Kirkham, elder daughter of the late Mr. Geo. Kirkham, of Seven Oaks, was married to Mr. John B.Chadwicic, manager of Weston Point Salt Works, elder son of Mr. W. H. Chadwick, of Leinster Gar- dens, Runcorn. Both par ties are well known and considerable interest was displayed in the event, a number of the inhabitants sanding the pavements in the fashion peculiar to Knutsford. The bride who was attired in a travelling dress of grey tweed cloth with bat to match was attended by her sister Miss Maggie lifrkham, who wore a dress of ruby cloth, trimmed with cr&im silk. Both bride and bridesmaid carried beautiful bouquets, and the bridesmaid wore also a diamond and ruby ring the gift of the bridegroom. Mr. H. Chadwick,.brother of the bridegroom officiated as best man. The ceremony was performed by the Rev W. H. Barnacle, of Holmes Chapel, assisted by the Rev. G.L.Higson,and subsequently the happy couple received the congratulations of numerous friends. the honey- moon is being spent in the Lake district. The following is a list of the presents . .

- - Bride to bridegrsom,gold albert ; bridegroom to bride, dressing case and travelling bag ; Mr and Mrs W H Chadwick, silver tea and coffee service ; Mrs Kirkham, bedroom furniture ;:Mr Thomas Gibson case of dessert knives and forks; Mrs•Atoore (Sevenoaks), table cloth ; Miss Flossie Newhall, silver button hook and shoe-lifter; Miss Yarwood, worked newspaper rack ; the Misses Bailey, silver fruit dish ; Mr and Mrs Smith, hand painted fruit dish ; Mrs lbrelfall, pair of plagues ; Mr. and Mrs Beck, silver jug ; Mr and Mrs Silcock, tea ser- vice ; Mrs Cane, butter knife ; Mr and Mrs Dean, flower vase ; Mr and Mrs Mackerel, lamp ; Mr W. Chadwick, silver cake knife and fork ;Mies Kinder, silver jam dish; Miss M.Kinder,silver butter dish ; Mr and Mrs 'Caldwell, claret jug; Miss Chesters,embroidered cloth; the executors of WBeett,Eiderdown quilt ; Mrs Wilson,set of d'oyles Mr and Mrs W A Kirkham, hall clock ; Mr and Mrs G F Kirkham, silver breakfast and dinner cruets ; Mr and Mrs Moore. fish carvers ;: Mr and Mrs George Whitby, afternoon tea service ;: Mr and Mrs J Bisbrown, copper kettle ; Mr and Mrs Arthur Salkeld, biscuit barrel ; Mr. Kirk, drawing-room curtains • Miss M and L Chadwick, silver fruit stand ; Miss Spealkman, Silver Vimatodiali ; Miss M Kirkham , case of spirit decanters ; Mr. Percival. pair of brasscandlesticks ;: Mr James Leicester. travel- ling rug; Mr G F Willis, good luck clock ; Mr and Mrs Rowlinson, oilstove and copper kettle ;Mr H Chadwick. silver cake basket ; Miss Hart, butter cooler ; Miss Ford, hand glass ; Mr and. Mrs T Handley, silver flower stand ; Mr J E Langshaw,. gentleman's picnic bag.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
'JUR LOCAL CHURCHES-WARRINGTON.

THE P.S.A. AT WYCLIFFE CHURCH.

The attendance at the P.S.A. meeting- in Wyoliffe Church on Sunday afternoon was one of the largest I since its inaugeration. It was the first meeting in the second half year,and a lorgeaccessic.nto the membership was expected. Over seventy men pined, which brings the total membership.to TN. The chair was occupied by Councillrr Shaw Green. He expressed the great I pleasure it gave him to occupy the position of chairman that afternoon. He was glad to know that whilst attending to the spiritual welfare of the members, the society took an interest in social questions. He hoped that all listening to him would dO their duty in helping those who were trying to improve the social condition of the town. Mr. Biektnan in his address reviewed the first six. months work of the Wycliffe P.S. .A.N. society. He thought the workers in the society were to.be con. gratulated on the success which had attended their labours and that alt the members might "-Thank Gad and take courage.." He believed the secret of their success lay in the bond of sympathy which such. a society engendered and fostered amongst the brethren. An anthem was, well rendered by the. choir, Mr % A. Griffiths takinz the solo part. The Rew..T. Yonge. Mar. J. Drown, and Ur. G. Wallington also took part isathe meeting.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
A GROCER'S PEG-U.I,IAR METHOD, OF

B USIN ES:4.

A grocer and provision dealer named Wynare, of ; Mostyn, Flintshira, and Whiston, Lancashire, under ex- amination in the Chester Bankruptcy Court. has given r tome extraordinary details ot his method of carrying on 1 business. It appears to have coasisted, as the Registrar observed, of obtaining goods froafthe wholesa/e houses. and handing them out to anybody who liked to come to the bankrupt's shop. One debtor to the estate was a collier named Jones, who had been allowed to run up a ' bill for 3118. He, it was admitted, had no weans of pay- ing,being " out of work among the strikers." Lyons, a file- entter. owed £l3l, and he too had no means. Jones, another collier, who owed MO% "could not pay at pre- sent, but promised instalments, "when the work start." Three other workingclass customers owed respectively £lOB, £l7O, and £lB6 "Have they anything ?" asked the Registrar ; to which the bankrupt's reply was" No, sir am sorry to say." Business, he added, " has 115- fortunately been very depressed, and they have not been able to do as I expected." Ttse net result is that Mr., Wynne's bad and doubtful dells amount to £7391,1 while his assets are valued at £l6O.

Fridtjof Nanseri,the well known Swedish expiercr,who crossed Greenland on snowshoes in 1888,te1egraphs from Charapowa that his present voyage of exploration has proved very successful, and the prospects at the Kara Sea azo Um:tables

===== 0002601_18930909_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
SAD SUICIDE 07 A CHESHIRE

SERVANT.

EARLY LOVE TROUBLES. Mr. Blunt, Deputy-Coroner for the Knutsford Division of Cheshire, held an inquest on Thursday at Mr. Arthur Ford's farm, High Legh, on the body of Catherine Chorlton, twenty years of age, a domestic servant. Mrs. Jane Cherlton, mother of the deceased, said her daughter cane to spend Sunday and Monday with her. She went to meet her sweetheart on the Sunday evening, but he did not turn up. DPCPASed left on Monday afternoon to return to her sister in Bowdon. About a .foitnight age she, had been very fretful, as her young man, Jos' I:0 Simpson, had been ill and told her he was falling iuto connimption. She had asked him to meet her at he! mother's house last Sunday, and he protnked to do so it he vere well enough. 11-ceasad had been weak for seise time back and had been unnerved by nursing a neigh- bour who was suffering from brain fever. Wm. Chorltql gave evidence of finding the body of deceased in a Pit 150 yards from her parent's door. Harriet Swindles. Bowdon, said deceased returned to her Imuse on It'•1 sr afternoon and seemed upset. During Tuesday she waS very hurried and excited at her work, and in the aUer- noon witness heard the front door close, and looking 00° of the window saw deceased hurrying away. Witness went to decea.ed's room and found a letter. •• All re& things are for my dear mother. This is the earl of a my troubles." Particularly during the past fortnight deceased had been very fretful. She was not a strong nerved girl, but apparently was striving hard t ) bear OP against her troubles. She was a very faithful and loc.& able girl.—Joseph Simpson, groom to Mr. T. P. Norrig• Lymm, said he had been keeping company with the deceased for the last eighteen months. She was veil fond of him, and there had not been any coolness on hi,,S part. He had been ill lately with bronchitis, and ha' on one or two occasions, for that reason, riot been able to fulfil his trysts with her, but he apprised her of it by letter. He could not account for her troubles, unless it was on account of his illness.—The jury returned a ver" dict of" Suicide whilst temporarily insane."

===== 0002601_18930909_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
L/MM.

A DRUNKEN LABOURER.—At the Lymm Police Court, on Monday morning, before Dr. Btabazon, John Kelly, a labourer, of no fixed abode, was charged with befog drunk and disorderly at Heatlev on Sunday evPning six o'clock.—P.C. Breeze proved the case, and the defendant was fined ss. including costs, or seven days Imprisonment with hard labour. He went to gaol.

===== 0002601_18930909_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
MA RKE TS.

-- RUNIPORN, SATURDAY. —Fresh butter is 54 and Os Od Per. du_; lb.; fresh eggs,lo for is ; fowl, 44 64 to sOd per couple; tko Cs Od per couple ; geese Os to t d per lb. ; turkeys ,s to Od per lb. ; beef, 8d per lb. ; mutton. 814 to .s per ibid pork Od to 9.1 per lb. ; lamb lid to Od per lb. ; veal 7d to per lb. ; pot toes, 45 64 to Os Oder load. Cheese 71c1 per lb. WIDNZS, SATURDAY.—Fresh butter, Is 4o and Os tkl Per lb. ; fres'sesgs,l9 for is ; fowls, 35 Od to Os per couple ; 55 Od to s per couple ; geese, d per lb. ; beef. 7i4 to 94 Pf,T lb. ; mutton 64 to id per lb. ; pork, 9.1 to Orl per lb. ; v"'" Od to 'l'd per lb. ; lamb, Od per lb. ;potatoes per load, 55 6cl. WARRINGTON MARKET.—WEDNESDAY, SEPT. BTII. FRUIT, VEGETABLE /. ouLT V. BUTCHERS', AND FISIIMONGEUS' TABLE. s. d. S. 4, S. 4. S. Bea, Eng.,, It 0 sfte 0 9 Melon each . 0 6 U Lamb., „ 0 7 0 10 Oranges, each 0 o—o Mutton „ 0 5} 0 9 Celery tr stick 0 2 0 Veal „ „ Pork ~ „ 0 6-0 9 Aorfeot, e, eh 0 u oa, Pork sides 0 7-0 C trots per lb 0 6-- 0 1 Wi, cared the pigs„ cc 10 0-10 5 Cure o. r • each 0 4 0 1 'ese „ F .wrs Vo couple 4 6-0 0 Tom does P lb 9 6 —0 3 Chickt as 6 0 0 Stmtifs 011i0118 0 Rahl its Hare 3, each ... 5 0 0 0 Asparagus P 100 o—o g Pigeons „ . ..... 1 0— 0 0 Potatoes loa I 5 0-6 0 Par, 'idge brace 4 0— 0 0 New pota ees „ 0 0 0 g Grouse „ ...... 6 6 0 0 ro ms Pll.O o—o " n 6 Pheasan a ... 0 0-0 0 Cree.) Peas It 0 0 - Turkey 0 10-0 0

Butter, fresh ,zi 1 3 0 0 Green -proul 8 0.0 4—o lien e,gs 1d for 1 0 - 0 0 B ans, kidney iti 0 2 0 Duck „ Apples lo oaions .. Grapes,. PineAp• le each° 0— 3 0 „ good 5 0 -53 Greengages I' it,o o—o 4 „ ordinary 43 0— 4' Cberries „ ...... 00—0 0 Lo sier iz 1!.. 1 6- 0 Stra% berries „ 0 0— 0 0 Turbot „ Damsons „ ~ 0 2-- 0 0 S ilmon „ P.ums „ Gooseberries „ 0 0— 0 0 Fluk is „ Rasp 'erries ~0 0— 0 0 Eels ~ ~0 8— . Black Currants 0 0— 0 0 Soles .. „ Rol Currants 0 o—o 0 Sparlings Marrows each 0 0-0 4 Codfish „ Se-skate t. ti, 0 0— 0 0 31.1e,serel each 0 5 -0 Rhubarb bch 0 1— 0 0 lierrkg 7 dozen 1 6-0

TEE MANCHESTER TAILORING & CLOTHING 13°Br°1‘' 8 & 10, HORSEMARKET-ST , WARRINGT°.}rif AIM SHOWING the LARGEST.RANGHS of all .0 fa Mticßi of CLOTHS tn. MOURNING WB„Allj10 WOI STIDS, S ERG E, VIRE NAS,LLAMA SUITS READY MADE OR TO BIRASti,S agg. at shurli notice for MEN. YOUTHS and BOYS SI %Weil made and tnotoagbly sv,lslag $ Narring,ton.—Prlnted and leubliabed by 3.0911 sel-0 d at The 1. =tarter Cienaral Printing Worksk A•er,,,rwr and Published also at Ttis Examiner OCe', reet WIDNES ; RminonE ; 33, 04"r3— and 33, Zdarket-atreet, It4.I4,TBToWS. 9, 1893.

,tiz,

for

t t

A tap It, a ally IN(

anv tror et,

on--; •-__ V

LAI tA.I

11/ Th.

ItII

I to . Th to itv„ Ile I N k

===== 0002601_18930909_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
VV.PDDING RINGS.-PURE GUINEI GOLD tu 'WEDDING RINGS. Largest Stock and best value a" 4letr.ci t. Sold by weight from Ts 6d. to 508. All ‘lwit 'LAP' es including the Round and Half-Roun,2 M stock. Finger size card post free. 4171) A. Ru3TANCI3. THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK. 43. SANKEY-STUB-OT. WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED. 1E64.

C/lIIVS PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, Tlzu sr, RUNCORN. -s")I73AY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY SERVICES. "errnon On SUNDAY, September 10th. -""e R_e 4 v. PULE4TON JONES. M.A., of Bangor. th Mornin , 10.30 : Evening 6. eafternoon at 2.30,6 ER VICE OF SONG, by the Choir and Scholars, entitled " Lucy, the Peacemaker." °DRESS by the, Rev. PISLESTON JONES. Collection at each service.

B°llOl3Gll OF WARRINGTON. MUSIC IN TRU PARK. announce that in the event of unfavourablp ;MAC '4-Morrow (Saturday) afternoon. Mr. DOWN'S Win. With kind permission of the Officers. of RA,LL:olnteers, give a selection of music in the DRILL BDWARD GRBBNALL, Mayor. 'an, September 9th. 1E93.

°lt 0 OF WARRINGTON MUNICIPAL TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. Will 1r" SCHOOL OF ART ' rriTtE-OPEN TUESDAY, STH SEPTEMBER. tii CONTINUATION SCHOOL AND TUE SCHOOL OF SCIENCE right ull-oPEN ikioNt)Ay, 18TH SEPTEMBER. d 114,Y-th s ree CLA SS S in forty Subjects.—List of Classes yllabus may be had on appiie4t ion at the Museum. CHARLES MADELEY, Secretary,

,C--------- A thoW -,, NDERFUL WAICIL-50S. '4),11Fe.:1 r°.'igillY reliable SUver English Patent Lever Watch. ' key '' i.ewelled and fitted with strong chain or fusee, i, a 113., oild siive,: INci (laved t ..all-marketicases, well finished, and speci- -0 fit flat in the pocket, FOR FIFTY SIIILL- -443' ate This watch is timed to a minute, and will stand ttITIc -vonnt et rough wear. A WATCH THAT ABSO- ttee NA' 1313 FIRS COMP ...r.i I lON I A Written Guaran- •roiti 13-Years given with each watch. To be obtained only i I°ek, gr'd A. RUSTANCE. watchmakers. The Illuminated - 11.% • Sankey-st Warrington. teettiot or pls°3 .160 t fi:eri to all of the United Kingdom 411IELOW'S POPULAR DAY TRIP TO , theen LLANDUDNO. tormous success INA Thursday, Mr. Brimelow ,„, TRIL's been induced to arrange another Trip for InuItSDAY NEXT, SEPTEMBER 14;11, 1693. Central Stati on Warrlngtoa 9-50 Han•• joins eetb," 'T. TUDNIO" et Princess Landing Stage at 10-45 -telBL.74lircs; Ur L LLAND UDNO at 4-25 p.m. and Cen- „ Tk;s'mn Llyeyrs4l by any train same day. . -48, for the DOUBLE any 6s. (Third Rail and 4 TlekgaMer. L4,!'ne fr.,'S may b had from H. Brown, Old Coffee House ; .N.5113-1,.."V. ylloresem arket-st. ; John Evans, Bull's Head; 4,71)50h. ...c'Pealurtan Sara Pens Head. Wilderspo.ol ; John -Ask, a aorton Arm' s Hotel ; John Allen, Pelican Inn ; -'illecek, Hay Horse Inn; or from PEERS BRIMELOW.

13------- 0R n , "u GU OF WARRINGTON. Tr lat DISTRESS. tligsriStrveall a PUBLIC MEETING at the Town Hall on it' ttitthe,"`,, LVENI 'NG next at 7 30. to consider what ~ont , 4row_'ePs should be taken for providing relief to those ti e'ltr of ph , employment through the strike of the colliers. to -"PPeal is made for subscriptions and gifts of ~,elovide for the immediate relief of many very press- NI • Iv 'lune. rt, LIST OF SUBSCRIPTIONS. 11;,44°Ser,°Th £ s. d. lest year's Distress Fund 9 16 8 1 V , nlas ... collected ie Wtt 'lOrrls , rri_ ................................... •••• •Tt 'slot, ,„,"gton Slate Ca. Ltd., per oberts H. R 10 0 0 5 0 0 1 1 0 .......... 1 1 0 141'; Zu.st 1. °lige Fit°4 .: .......... ; ...................................................... 1 0 0 Wpigi ...: ....................................................................... 1 9 9 4'n/4%pverrls. collnCir4 .in ... : . 13;nvi " AIP4 ritl7llUrat , Cho" per C. Lyon 1 4s. 41...._ l ... n 6 v.,..*ler 0 0 5 0 v(24oo'll4wtoolkein'on. 20 loath of pot,toes, Jn, illb lo 0 operative Industrial Stores Co. Ltd. TCDI) 0 • ives per week for four weeks. Owell, 4001bs of bread llbscri olland, 10 loads of potatoes and box of onions 43' be sent may May be paid into any of the banks, and food eat to the Drill Hall. N EDWARD GREENALL, Mayor, Hon. Treas. rtingtan. 9th September, 1393.

-----‹ 4AS CLARKE, EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, A I, Ai nOO,l MARKhT-ST., KARLESTOWN. selection of PLAIN and FANCY STATIONERY '4l tl ek' , London and Provinc'al Newspapers, Weekly -nu tt °lleal r, .ly and Weekly Papers delivered in the , kfiel)°o,tlth°od of Earlestown,Wargrave, and the Vulcan. the old Established Dyers, Davies and Son,

11°51AS COWDELL. 1. ESTATE AGENT, I'ST, MARKET PLACE. NVARRINGTON. Atett Items collected in Town or Country. t°lloYal and Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Companies.

f.?UPTURES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. Lib T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 &9. Grosvenor-street, Lon- don-road. Manchester.

MONEY LENT ON PHOTOGRAPHIC GOODS, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY. & SILVER PLATE. W. JACKSON, 71, OXFORD-ST.,, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1860. IX TILL BUY OR EXCHANGE CURIOS, V V DIAMONDS, OLD GOLD. AND SILVER; HIGHEiT PRICES. . W. JACKSON, PAWNBROKER, 71, OXFORD-ST., MANCHESTER.

BUXTON LIME FIRMS COMFANY LIMITED. —As Agents for above, we have always a stook of Lime at our wharf, Central Station, Warrington ; prices quoted, delivered by rail, cart, or boat —Apply CLARE and itirsawaY, Central Station, Warrington, and Sankey Bridges.

. PARK ROAD, NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS. -- MR. P. PAIRCLOUGII, Organist and Choir- master St. Peter's Church; Member of Trinity College, London, Solicits Pupils for Pianoforte, Organ Singing, Theory, &e. Terms moderate. Pupils prepared for the Trinity College and other Examinations. Pianos carefully Tuned. Terms Moderate.

HARDAWAY AND TOPPING (late BOULOGNIISUR-MER), FLUSHING, HOLLAND. Postage nd. Daily Price List forwarded free on receipt of address. The Oldest Established Firm of Turf Commission Agents im the World. No representatives.

JAMES WEBSTER, MIDDELI3URG, HOLLAND. (Late of Calais and Bouloiine-sur-Mer, France) DUKE OF YORK STAKES, CESARBWIICH, CAMBRIDGESHIRE, &c. "THE TURF CHRONICLE" Free on reek ipt of address. DOUBLE AND TREBLE EVENTS STARTING PRICES ACCUMULATIVE COMMISSIONS. NO STARTING PRICE LIMIT ON THE PRINCIPAL RACES.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office : 168, ISLINGTON-SQUARE, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable 6s. Weekly, Entire Charge £1 25. 3d. £5O, „ 20s. „ PI £3 9s. Od. £lOO, ~ 40s, „ £6 163. ed. ALEX. GORDON, Manager.

ACCIDENTS WILL HAPPEN. TUB RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO., ("The old,st and largezt.") Has since 1849 pal for ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS 23,200/ 00. Established 1849. Rt. Ron. EVELYN ASHLEY, Chairman 64, Cornhill, London. W. D. MASSY, } secretaries A. VIAN, AGENTS Warrington Mr. C J. HOLMES, Market Gate. Mr. W. H. RIGBEY, Central Station. St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH. Hardshaw-street. Knutsford Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER. Sandbach Mr. R. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge.

LADIES SHOULD KNOW of the most Wonderful Medical Discovery of the Age. ALL LADIES This MIRACULOUS and very powerful REMEDY quickly relieves all IRRE,ULARITIES and RE- MOVES all OBSTRUCTIONS HOWEVER OBSTINATE or Long Standing. It is perfectly harmless but CERTAIN and EFFECTUAL. Thousands have been relieved. One Lady writes :—" Your Medicine is truly wonderful ; any case was a fearfully obstinate oue." Avoid useless pills. Invaluable particulars free on receipt of stamped addressed envelope. A. DASMAIL, 371, LANGDALE, WALTHAMSIOW. ESTE BLISH ED 1851.

NBT I CHEAP COAL. BA NBT CASH, NK QUAY COAL DEPOT CASH, T. HALTON & Co, Bdper cwt. COAL MERCHANTS, TO FACTORY LANE COAL YARD, 10d pr cwt. I WARRINGTON. 10d pr cwt. NTER PRICES. IMMEDIATE DELIVERY

EADE'S. GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS THE SAFEST AND MOST EFFECTUAL. rIIOBE who are enduringthe agony of gout or the lesser torture of rheumatism, will hail with a feeling of joy any remedy which promises to afford even the slightest relief. We gladly, therefore, give prominence to the GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILL introduced to suffering humanity of Mr. Eade, the well-known Chemist, and prepared from the formula of one of the most eminent physicans of the day, It is claimed that no alteration of diet is required, nor is con- finement ta the house by any means necessary. It would appear, then,that a medicine soeasily taken,and so efficacious, requires only to be widely known. to meet with that recogni- tion it deserves.—" Civil Service Gazette." Sold everywhere by Chemists, .te.,ln bottles Is. lid. and 2s. 9d.

T. B IRTLES. PHOTOGRAPHER, LEGH HOUSE, WARRINGTON. STUDIO OPEN DAILY. PORTRAITS IN ALL STYLES. COMMERCIAL PHOTOGRAPHY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.

RUNCORN COM MIFSIONERS' ELECTION. TO THE RATEPAYERS OF RUNCORN. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,— I beg to tender you my most cordial thanks for the honour you have conferred upon me in again electing me one of your representatives upon the Board of Commissioners. Yours faithfully, E. WYNNE HUMPHREYS.

RUNCORN IMPROVEMENT COMMISSIONERS' ELECTION. TO THE OWNERS AND RATEPAYERS. LADI. 9 AND G ENTLEM EN,— I beg to thank you heartily and sincerely for the re- newal of your confidence In me by once more electing me as a member of the Runc9rn Board ot Commissioners. You may rest assured that I shall endeavour at all times to serve your interests, and further the prosperity of the town. Believe me, Ladles and Gentlemen. Yours very sincerely, RICHARD ABEL. Tower Howe, Runcorn.

RU NCORN COMMISSIONERS' ELECTION. TO THE RATEPAYERS OF RUNCORN. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,— Permit me to thank you most cordially for your hearty response to my appeal for your support. I will endravour to prove that your confidence has not been mis- placed. I am. Ladles and Gentlemen. Your obliged and faith ul servant. EDWIN IMISON.

RUNCORN COMMISSIONERS' ELECTION. TO TIIJ RATEPAYERS OF RUNCORN. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, Accept my he irtfelt thanks for the votes accorded to me on Thmsday. Although not elected, my desire for the welfare of thetown with which I have been so long con- nected is in no way lessened, and I hope to again appeal for your suffrages on a futureoecasion, Yours faithfully, WILLIAM MELLOR.

TO THE RATEPAYERS OF RUNCORN. LiDIES AND GENTLEMEN,— I beg sincerely to thank you for again electing me one of your representatives on the Board of Improvement Commissioners. No effort of 'mine shall be spared to merit your confidence by devotion to the duties th.t will devolve upon me, and by forwarding every scheme for the advantage of the town. Yours falthfully, TAYLOR.

RUNCORN COMMISSION E RS' ELECTION. TO THE ELECTORS. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,— I thank you very much for voting me on the Board of Commissioners to-day, and I will reward your confidence by diligent attention to your interests. It will always prove an incentive to me to work for you Is hen I think of your kindness. Believe me, Yours sincerely, W. COLLIER, Church-at., Runoorn, Sept. 7th, 1893,

UNCORN IMPROEVLETTIEN COMMISSIONERS' TO THE OWNERS AND RATEPAYERS OF RUNCORN. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN. We feel deeply indebted to you f3r your kindness in supporting us to the extent you have done in the contest just over. Although unsuccessful on the present occasion, MS are in no way disheartened. Again thanking you for your votes, We remain, Ladies and Gentlemen, Faithfully yours. THOMAS JONES. ARTHUR 11011011.

RUNCORN COMMISSIONERS' ELECTION. 1893. TO THE OWNERS AND OCCUPIERS. LIDIEq AND GENTLEMEN,— Please accept, my heartfelt thanks for your •uppoat the above election. Although defeated I am not disheartened, and shall at a future date offer myself for election. Yours faithfully, THOMAS DEAN. 41, Brae ley-st., Runcorn, 7th Sept. 1893.

MEN WHO ARE WEAK should read the best and most valuablework on ATROPHY and VARICOCELE, by M.D.. with special chapters ass the explanation of vital secrets and the certain CURE of Pr OSTRATION, DEBILITY and DECAY. The purest guide in essential matters. Post 2d.—Address "SURGEON," Copford Lodge. Brighton Sussex.

FREE TO MEN. When you aro tired of taking nauseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you novo& but only ruin your digest Ive organs, write to me and I will send 3, .0 a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN cure tor lost strength. wasting weakness, &c., from whatever cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Sent in envolope on receipt of two stamps for postage. —A. J. LEIGH, 92-93, Great Russell-street, London, W.C.

EXPIEATION OF LEASE. MISS CANTRELL HAS DECIDED TO CLEAR HER CHOICE SELEOTIONS OF GLASS JOH CHINA AT A REDUCTION OF 20 PER CENT. DISCOUNT FOR CASH. AIISS CANTRELL, 66. SANKEY-STREET. WARRINGTON.

rrflE HUMAN HAIR. IF YOUR HAIR IS FALLING OFF. Consult S. ~:;Ayl.,ort. or Use His Renowned Preparations, CANTHARIDES EXTRACT and POMADE, which are CERTAIN RESTORERS of the HAIR. -- TAYLOR'S SEDATIVE AND NUTRITIVE CREAM is Infallible for perfectly Relieving the Skin from Irritation and Freeing the Hair from Scurf. Prepared only by S. TAYLOR. HAIRDRESSER AND PERFUMER. 26 AND 28. RING-STREET, MANCHESTER.

• eT AS. Al. CABINET MAKER, UPHOLSTERER, AND DECORATOR. SHOWROOM: 48, SANKRY-STREBT. .4 WORKSHOP: RING-STREET. WARRINGTON.

TRY THE MANATOLA BLEND CEYLON TEA. 2s. PERM Sold In Vb. Packets, SI each,. W. H. HURST, 28, MAR/CRT-STREET, WARRINGTON.

I EBENEZER TIMMINS & SONS, LTD ENGINEERS AND IRONFOUNDERS, MAKERS OF CHEMICAL AND SOAP PLANT. BRIDGE WATER FOUNDRY, RUNCORN, ESTABLISHED 1827. CONTRACTORS FOR GAS WORKS. WATER WORKS, ARTESIAN WELLS, BRINE WELLS, AND BORINGS FOR MINERALS. BORING PLANT AND PUMPS.

THE AUTUMN LEAVES ARE , FALLING. The dais are shorter and the nights are colder, and a good fire has quite a cosy look. Do you want some LINOLEUM to brighten your home? B. HEMBRY A CO. have the Largest Artistic Selection of exclusive designs in the province, in all Quell ties, at prices to suit everyone. ome and pick you, patterns. We are glad to see you, and there is no charge for looking. Experienced workmen sent any distance. Telephone 537. -11)t lIEMBRY k, CO.. Le LINOLEUM SPECIALISTS, 45 and 47,0 R OSS-STREET, MANCHESTER.

INCH BOARDS lin. PER FOOT. SCANTLING 31. a. by 21N.. at id. PER FOOT. PINE, SPRUCE, FLOORING AND MATCHED BOARDS. POSTS, PALING AND FENCING CHEAP, ADCOCK'S TIMBER YARD AND STEAM SAW MILLS, 10. ST. JAMES-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

IN USE 100 YEARS. THE POOR MAN'S FRIEND. SKIN DISEASES. Tan INVALUABLE OINTMENT (as originally pre- SKIN DISEASES. pared by G. L. ROBERTS, M.D.) is an unfailing remedy for wounds SKIN DISEASES. of every description. Scorbutic, Eruptions, Barns, Inflamed Eyes, ac. SKIN DISEASES. . - SKIN DISEASES. DR. ROBERTS' ALTERATIVE PILLS, SKIN DISEASES. For the BLOOD and SKIN, are very effectual in the cure of SKIN DISEASES. shows atorilltofinskrianinliusleacsme cracks in the skin and scaly' diseases. ,KIN DISEASES. Sold at is 10, 28.9 d., by the Pro- k..- prietors, Brldport,and by Chemists.

IVERPOOL, LVANDUDNO, BEAUMARIS, BANGOR. k MENAI BRIDGE. DAILY SAILINGS P. S. ST. TUDNO, leaving Liverpool at 10.45a.m, arriving back in Liverpool. at 6.40 p m. WEEKLY CONTRACTS, 15s. For fares. &c., apply to T. E. BARLOW, 20, Water-st., Liverpool.

WHITE STAR LINE, ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK. via Queenstown. every Wed. *TEUTONIC... Wed., Sept. 13 I GERMA.NIC...Wed..Sept., 20 Second Cabin will be carried on the voyage mark- ed thus*. Steerage passage to New York, Boston, and rhiladelphia, at low rates. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform In model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply JOSEPH SMITH, 61, Legh-et., War- rington, or to boar, bums, and Co., 34, Leadenliall-street. London. ILO., and 10. Water-street. Liverpool

ISLE OF MAN.—CHARMING HOLIDAY TOURS. ROYAL MAIL AND EXPRESS STEAMERS. (Sundays excepted). LIVERPOOL TO DOUGLAS. I DOUGLAS TO LIVERPOOL. Daily at 1)30 a.m. and 2 p.m. I Dally..at 9 a.m. and 3.3 , p.m. Saturdays (extra) sp m. Mondays (extra)...12.30 a.m. ONE DAY EXCURSIONS. Daily from I iverpool at 10 30 a.m.,returning from Douglas at 3-30 p.m.. allowing about 1 hour asbor -. Sea passage 31 hours. R turn Day-Excursion Fares : Saloon 75., Fore Cabin 4s. 64. FLEETWOOD TO DOUGLAS, I DOUGLAS TO FLEETWOOD. Daily at 2.15 p.m Daily at, 6.30 a.m. LIVERPOOL TO RAMSEY. —Saturaftys, direct. 12 noon ; via Douglas—Mondays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays, at 2 p.m., to 11th Sept. , FLEETWOOD TO 'HAMM% via Douglas. every Monday. Wed- nesday, and Thursday, at 2.15 p.m., to 11th Sept. For times and Excursion Fares see the Company's Pro- gramme, free on application, also Guide, or forwarded on re- ceipt of stamped address by the Isle of Man Steam P.,cket Co.. Ltd., Douglas.

• THROUGH THE LAKE DISTRICT TO THE ISLE OF MAN. THE BEST ROUTE TO DOUGLAS IS VIA • esh BAEROW. Shortest Sea Passage. ' Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted). BAllitoW to DOUGLAS—at 1-45 p.m. DOUG!. IS to BARROW—at 8-30 a.m. Train inconnection with steamers leaves Warrington via Preston at 9.55 a.m. Cheap Beturn Fares from Warrington : First-class and Saloon 235. Od. Trains run Third-class and Saloon l4l. 6d. alongside Thtrd-cla-s and Fore Cabin I Is. Od. steamers. SPECIAL NOTICK.—CIRCULAR TOUR Ticketsavallable for going via Liverpool or Fieetwod, ,for going via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleetwood. or v:ce versa, can now be obtained at following Fares : First-class and Saloon 18s. 61. Third-class aud Saloon.— 13s. Od. Third-class and Fore Cabl 3 9s. 6d. Passengers must, state at the time of Booking which Route they wish to travel by an the outward and homeward jour- ney. Passengers' Luggage is conveyed free of charge from and to the Steamers at Barr w. The journey may be broken at Grange, Ulverstone (for the Lakes), ?urness Abbey, or Bar- row. JAMES LITTLE & Co.. Barrow.

SCOTLAND.- ORDINARY RETURN TICKETS Issued during the period from the lst May to 31st October, are ava table for tWo Calerider Mouths, by OWL or BEAR, but are not transferable. /f not used within the pre- scribed period they are cancelled. N 9 allowance made for tickets lost, mislaid, or not used. . STEAM' COMB/ITN/CATION BETWEEN %46 LIVERPOOL AND GLASGOW. CALLING AT GREENOCK The first-ftlass NB-powered Screw Steamers OWL and MASTIFF are intended to sail from CL UtENCE DOCK (south-west side), Liverpool. as under, carrying goods and Passengers at terms stated in Sailing Bills, to be had from the Agents. SEPTEMBER. From From Princes Landing Clarence Dock. , Stage prompt. MASTIFF TuESDAY. 12th, 11 am 2 p.m. OWL THUReDAY, 14th, 12 noon 2 p m. MASTIFF... ...... SATURDAY. 16th. 2 p.m 4 p.m. ORDINARY FARES:—Cabin (including Steward's Fee) single, 12s. 6d. ; Return £1 ; Steerage. single,6s. ; servants in cahin pay full fare. Children above two years, and under twelve years of age half these fares. Cheap Return Tickets (valid for 10 days) issued between Liverpool. Greenock, and Glasg4,w. Cabin, 15s. Steerage, Bs. AGENTS :—G. and J. Bums, 30. Jamaica-at., Glasgow, and 10, Bernard at., Leith ; William Sinclair, Excise-buildings, Greenock; C. MACIVER & CO. 64, and 65, Tower Buildings. Water-st.. Liverpool. Offices of the Bridgewater Navigation Company, Limited,and Old Quay Company, 41. Queen-st., and Water-st.. Blanches- ter. or C. Maelver, &Co Albert-square, Manchester.

HALL'S MY HATTER. THE CELEBRATED WS W. OR WEAR WELL MAKE OF HATS. MADE FROM PURE NATURAL FUR an PURR LAMBS' WOOL, ELASTIC AND UNBREAKABLE, DURABLE, COMFORTABLE AND,EASY FITT- ING AND PERFECTLY VENTILATED. FROM 2/6 TO 6/6 Made by TRADES' UNION workpeople in a British Factory. To be obtained only from THE NOTED HAT SHOD. 1. MARKET GATE. WARRINGTON. •

351 SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. MAWSON AND CO. TDB STANDARD TAILORS Are NOW SHOWING some of the Choicest Designs In WOO LLE N GOODS for the present Season. We have lately adopted and are now cutting by the NEWEST AND LATEST AMERICAN SYSTEM. With great success, and are confident of giving every satisfaction in firand style. EVERYGARMENT made under PERSONAL SUPERVISION

PUBLIC ' BENEFIT 800 O. BEST BOOTS FOR EVERYBODY. See the new Styles in LADIES' LOW SHOES. UNDER THE CLOCK, WARRINGTON. UNDER THE CLUB, WIDNES. 207 BRIDGE STREET, EARLESTOWN. THREE GOLD MEDALS FOR QUALITY.

MARTINDALE'S WELL-KNOWN BLACKING. (LIQUID AND PASTE). ALSO 4 GQ OANDRINGHAM" 'WATERPROOF JET LUSTRE AND KID CREAM FOR LADIES' BOOTS. HARNESS COMPOSITION. (THE CELEBRATED HORSE SHOE BRAND) FURNITURE POLISH &e., ALL OF THE BEST QUALITY. I?, HANOVER-ST., LIVERPOOL.

THE EXTRAORDINARY SALE Will be continned during the EXTENSIVE ALTERATIONS OF • PREMISES. MOST SWEEPING REDUCTIONS TO REDUCE THE STOCK. BELOW WE GIVE A FEW QUOTATIONS ONLY. OUR STOCK BEING SO EXTENSIVE IN VARIETY AND PRICES, WOULD BE IMPOS- SIBLE TO PARTICULARISE ALL IN THE SPACE AT OUR DISPOSAL. —.silt 01 MEN'S TROUSERS—LINE Li. 78 PAIRS AT 48. 11D. USUAL 8. 11D. 140 PAIRS AT 58. 11D. USYAL 10S.. 6D. 153 PAIRS AT IS. 11D. USUAL 12S. 6D. 284 PAIRS AT 9s. 11D. USUAL 14s. 6D. 133 PAIRS ATIIS. 6. USUAL 16. G. MEN'S SAC SUITS. 67 SUITS AT 14s. 11D. USUAL 21S. On. 132 SUITS AT 19s. 11D. USUAL 325. 6D. 128 SUITS AT 255. OD. USUAL 375. 6D. 119 SUITS AT 28s. 6D. USUAL 453. On. ALL THESE GOODS ARE OUR OWN MAKE, AND FROM OUR REGULAR 8100 K FOR THIS SEASON. ALL TILE STOCK OF BOYS' FANCY SUITS REDUCED ABOUT HALF PRICE, TO EFFECT A CL,BARANCE. HUNDREDS OF YOUTHS' CAMBRIDGE AND SAC SUITS ARE EQUALLY REDUCED IN PRICE. ALL ARE NEW PATTERNS FOR THIS SEASON. BOYS ODD KNICKERS AND ODD TROUSERS ARE ALL REDUCED HALF PRICE. Business will be carried on as usual during the alterations. MANCHESTER CLOTIIING DEPOT. 8, AND 10 HORSEMARKET-ST. WARRINGTON.

VARIETY WILL ABOUND TO SATISFY EVERY FANCY. LORD BROS., MANTLE MANUFACTURERS, AND WAREHOUSEMEN, Beg to announce to their Customers and the Public generally that they are now showing their NEW SEASONS MANTLES, JACKETS, MACKINTOSHES IMPERIALS The NOVELTIES are exquisite and the great ort- ments strikingly great AT LORD BROS. 128 BRIDGE STREET. WARRINGTON.

LADIES THIS FOR YOU TO READ. THERE- IS NO PLACE LIKE HOME. And nothing in it looks more comfortable than a BRIGHT and CLEAN FIRESIDE. NO MORE BLACKLEADING REQUIRED. YOUR GRATES CLEANED IN FIVE MINUTES. USE LAWSON'S BLACK. Sold in Tins at 21d., 40., sid. each. Full directions for use on each tin. All you require to use it with is LAWSON'S PATENT BRUSH AND HOLDER, Price sp. One Brush will last a lifetime. The end of the Holder being attached to the Brush forms a Shield to prevent the fingers being soiled with the black. LAWSON'S BLACK is a pleasure to use. No Brushing. No Dirt. Your Grates and Fenders will always look equal to new. Will not burn off or blister only where the bars ge red hot. SOLE MANUFACTURER FOR PATENTEE M. M. LAWSON, BOOTLE, LIVERPOOL. A large size Tin, with Brush and Holder complete, free per Parcel Post for Is. 4d. In stamps or postal order. Copy of unsolleited Testimonial, selected out of a number received. Hawthorne Villa, Linthorpe, Middlesbro', Oct. 29, 1892. Mr- M. M. Lawson, Liverpool. DEAR SIR,—I have used some or the " Lawson's Black" on my drawing and dining room fire grates, which my husband brought me to try, with the object of saving the servants the tedious work of blackleading, and I think it only right to comply with his desire to inform you that the trial has been most satisfactory in every respect ; not only is the saving in time reduced more than three-fourths, and the appearance of the grates much improved as compared to blacklead, but the brush and holder you heve introduced en- ables those who use it to do so without in any way blacking or soiling their hands. I may also add that so far the appear- ance has not been affected by the heat of the fires.—Yours respectfully, JENNIE DOVE. Ask your Teaman, Grocer, or Chandler for it, And See that You Get it.

STOTIIERTS' HEADACHE & NEURALGIA POWDERS, A certain cure in 10 minutes. From all Chemists. Grccers, and Co-operative Stores, or direct from the Proprietors. Post Free, 14 0r33 stamps. In Boxes 15.10., and 2s. 9d. Re STOTHEIiT AND SONS, WHOLESALE CHEMISTS, ATHERTON, NEAR MANCHESTER.

R. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSToNE BAG Wow HIDE) from 16s. Od. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS from 245. Od. 39, DALE-ST.. Alin 8. PARKER-EL. LIVERPOOL.

GE D DES'S DANDELION C OFF EE The beet and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Bold by all Grocers and Druggists, In Canister 541., 10d.. and Is. 8d each. Wholesale by J GEDDES & SON. Warrington.

TEA. CEYLON TEAS. in perfection. direct from estates. INDIAN THA.S, full of strengtfr and flavour. BLENDED TEAS, of delickets quality. KEEN BUYE NS and JUDGES OF VALUE should not fail to welt@ at once for a sample of our Tess. Every taste and requirement can be satisfied direct from our Warehouse at the lowest possible cost, saving pence per poudd. CITY OF LONDON TEA COMPANY, BEER-LANE, LONDON, B.C.

BRAND SZ CO.'S BEEF BOUILLON. A MOST NUTRITIOUS AND INVIGORATING BEVERAGE. Made by the Simple Addition of Boiling Wat At a Cost within the reach of all. 11. LITTLE STANHOPR-ST.AAYFAIR. W.

THE EMPIRE TEA CO'S NOTED TEAS / 9!') 2 / 4 • P.' PER AT 2,-, ..,,, ,4 2/6, /16 LB. , ,t 4 WE GIVE ONE CHEQUE, on VALUE 3n. . WITH EACH QUARTER-POUND TEA. Purchasers or Cheque Holders have a costly and varied Stock of useful and ornamental Articles to choose from. >4 Sheets, Tabled: ths, Towels, Bm. p. .4 Kitchen and Parlour Hugs, 1-3 0 • Door mats all sorts. 0 P-3 t 4 Z Floor and Table Oilcloths, z ',7!„ 0 A IA Ironware in great variety, 1:4 '-' Z CIS O Baskets, Brushes, ac., 0 Cl 2 td H 47. Cutlery all norta, ri t/ ra 0 China, and Earthenware. r. P- c 14 0 Toilet Sets, Trinket Sets. i.e a n Lamps a large assortdient, Z .4 Glassware all sorts, • Vases and other ornaments in great variety. Culinary articles too varied to enumerate. THE EMPIRE TEA COMPANY, 111, HORSEMARKET-STREET. WARRINGTON.

LICENSED FOR THE SALE OP METHYLATED SPIRITS AND BENZOLINE. AGENT for SEQUAIES REMEDIES. THE EXORS OF THE LATE ISAAC SPEAKMAN CHEMIST BY EXAMINATION. BRIDGE-ST.. PHARMACY 27. BRIDGE-ST.. RUNCORN. PATENT MEDICINES (with a few exceptions) AT RE- DUCED PRICES, Viz. 2s 9d for 2s 3d, Is 6,1 for Is Id, Is lid for 101. 6d. Nelson's Gelatine 3 for 111 d, Is. Reeve's food ad per tin. &e.. &a. SPRATT'S DOG BISCUITS 18s 6d per 112Ibs or 12Ibs for 2s 3d. Calabar Dog Biscuit, 12s 6d per cwt. CHEAPEST HOUSE FOR HOUSEHOLD SOAPS. Pears' soap 3 for 104; Hazlehurst's "Sun," 3 tablets for ; Sunlight, 3in box 71 I; Brockes Monkey Soap, 3ad per lb. Homcepathic Medicines 6,1 bottle, 5d ; Vichy Waters, 13s per case, 50.—Best and Cheapest House for White Ler.d, Tur- pentine, Varnish. Oil. Brushes, Ac. Send for prices. Whole sale Dealer in Petroleum rySoap, Oil, Hudson's P z‘o Aspinall's Enamel Paint. Cooper's Sheep Dip. 125 per dee.

SCOTLAND.—APARTMENTS, superior. or Tioard,near post, English and scotch Churches. Pine situation. Mo'israte charges —TATBANIC, Dunkeld, N.B. IiDLACKPOOD (South Shore).—Comfortable and well- JIUI9 furnished APARTMENTS (public and private), with or without board —MN. ELEAKI.Er. 63. Dean-st.

LACKPOOL.—Visitors will find comfortable and pleasant APARTMENTS (public or private). at Mrs. CHRIS S FrARP, 36, Hull-road. One minute i% alk from Central Station and sea. Piano.

BUXTON.-THE PEAR THERMAL ESTABLISHMENT. The best Hydromithle in the district. Mineral Water and other Baths. Magnificent public rooms. Excellent cuisine. Table d'hote at separate tables.

QBA SIDES SBA SIDE!! COMFORTABLB APART- MEN IS To Let. bmeing air, gooA rooms. nee of piano. gardens, bath-room, and every borne comfort studied, stable, coach-home if required.—Apply Mrs. DOWNES, TS. High- street. Bridlington, Yorks. Terms very reasonable.

I:OANTYMWYN, NEAR MOLD.—Furnlshed Villa. four belrooms. Lovely district ; bracing air ; rent £25 yearly ; Vs. weekly. Also cottase furnished ; lOs weekly,— Address JAMES MAcwisusew, 32, Rossett-road, Blundelhands Liver 001.

DOISCILAS, ISLE OF MAN.—Warrington House. Empress Terrace, late Empress Drive, situated In the Centre ot the Bay, Uninterrupled View of Sea and Headlands, every accommodation for Boarders and Non-Boar4,_rs ; terms moderate.—P. TRAVIS, Proprietor.

SHOOTING over above 8.000 acres, strictly preserved ; partridges (last season 600 brace), snipe, duck, pheasants ; excellent flapper shooting from Ist August ; lilliard: sports guaranteed and free to visitors.--Gwalchmai Hotel, Gwalchmal, Anglesey.

I LAN DIIDNO.-GOULDING'S PRIVATE HOTEL ..1-4 and BOARDING HOUSE. Church Walks. Private sitting rooms; 70 bedrooms. Billiard and Smr ke Rooms.— GOULDING'S 'Bus meets all trains. ELECTRIC MIST.

LONDON.—Visitors to BERNARD'S PRIVATE HOT RL. Bstab 31 years. Centtal for business or pleasure. Over 1.00 testimonials from Minister, and others. M.& breakfast. 3s. plain ; two for 56. 6d. ; tea 103.-1 and 2 Granville-square, King's Cross-i sad.

SOUTHPORT, SIINNYSIDE HYDRO, Promenade extension. Physician, Dr. Bernardo. A summer and winter residence, combining all Discomforts of a pleasant home. Sea view. parks, pier, and trams near. Ns Turkish and other baths, billiards, and tennis. Terms moderate.—J. BoococK, proprietor,

BUXTON SUMMER lIOLIDAYS.-HADDCIN GROVE HYDROPATHIC. Just aided new Recrea- tion room for entertainments and dancing. For rheumatism and gout thorough treatment given. lllMinis, lawn tennis, ac. Terms. 15s. to 493. per week. Special week end terms —G. B. HALL, Proprietor.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40, LUDGATE HILL. HOME COMFORTS. CLEANLINESS AND WHET. Central for business or pleasure.

AIRS. ()LIMAN", CONFECTIONER, 84, VICTORIA ROAD, NEW BRIGHTON. (Midway between Pier and Railway Station, opposite Nelson's New Brighton Hotel). LUNCHEONS. DINNERS. TEAS. REFRESHMENTS. ac.

HOOPER AND SIMMONS COACH BUILDERS. 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock to select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams. Landaus, Victoria., Wagonettes, and Phaetons. now for Sale or Hire.

(AN SALT?. three useful SPRING CARTS. suit Cob 13 I,anda ; one equal to new ; also one SET;of Saring Cart GRACS to ha sold cheap.—Apply THOMAS WILEINSIN, Golden Lion. Wallgnte, Wigan.

Contrartg. PHB SANITARY WORKS COMMITTER of the Council of the Borough of Warrirgion invite TENDERS far Hoop Iron —Sample may be ssen and all particulars obtained from the undersigned.— Tend re to be sealed and addressed to the CLairman of the Sanitary Works Committee and de- livered at the Town Hall, before 4 o'clock. on WRDNRcDAY September 20th and endorsed Tender for Hoop Iron, JAMES DEAS. Manager, Town Hall, Warrington. September Bth, 1893.

WARRINGTON UNlON.—Persons willing to CON TRACT for the supply of any of the under mentioned articles from Michaelmas to Lady Day next. except where stated for a year, to be delivered free of expense at the Warrington Union Workhouse, or at the Industrial Schools, Pedgate, at such times and in such quantities as the Board of Guardians shall direct, are re- quested to send in TENDERS, properly sealed. endorsed ,and free of expense, addref sea to the Clerk to the Guardians, before four o'clock p.m. on Tuesday ,the 19,h day of Sept. inst. The following are the articles for which tenders are re- quired : Groceries and Provisions Shoes and Clogs Beef and Mutton Glazing „ Joints for Officers Brushes Milk for a year Coffins Flour and Meal Best Oakum Rope for picking Loaves of Bread Best Penmaenmawr Stone Beer and Porter for breaking purposes Straw and Potatoes Leather Drapery, ,t.c. Wood for cutting into Fire- Cord and Twill wood Coal and Slack Earthenware Samples of any of the above may be seen on application to the Master of the Workhouse. The Coal and Slack supplied must be to the satisfaction of the House and Schools Commit- tees. The Pit and quality of Coal must be named in the Tender. Forms of tender and full particulars as to the prob- able quantities of each article required may be obtained at the Clerk's Office. The Guar dans also invite TENDERS for PRINTING and STATIONERY. from Michaelmas, 1893 to Michaelsnas, 1894, All goods undet this head must be equal to samples to be seen at the Clerk's Office, where also forms of Tenders, Ac.. may be obtained. Goods required from Poor Law Publishers wilt be obtained through the Stationery contractor at a commis- sion on the nett cost thereof to be named in the Tend r. Each tender must be made upon the prescribed form, and properly enclosed and endorsed with the name of the article tendered for. Each article tendered for must be of the size, material, and quality shown at the Workhouse or Schools No Tenders or other articles will be accepted. Each contractor must be prepared (if required) to enter Into security for the due performance of his contract. The Guardians do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender. All contract accounts will be paid quarterly.—By order. JAMES CLOWES SUTTON, Clerk to the Guardians. Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, September 7th, 1893.

EOR,GE JACKSON. PAAVNBROKE JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH, 59, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY, Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS. BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS. GUNS, and MUSICAL-IN- SIRUMENTS oT every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OP INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES. •

VORFRITBD Lady's High Class Diamond and Pearl RING in Payments taken. solid 48 carat gold. Set with four Brilliants, cut Diamonds of remark- able purity and refraction and three beautifully marked pearls, cost from a Manchester Jeweller six guineas, £2 16.. On. my price is

ERY handwme pair of OIL V PAINTINGS, by W. Brown. Payments taken. Well executed, In massive four Inch gold frame, size 22 by 17, unsoiled. lnsuf ction invited. Wonderfully S. 6D. cheap.

UNREDEEMED first-class Highly- t..) finished Solid GOLD LENTOS Payments taken. WATCH. suitable for either Lady or Gentleman every action fully jewel- led with valuable rubies, had very little 'spar. Cost eight guineas, will give our written guarantee for five years. Sure Bargain.

BY " Campbell of Liverpool," and Cost six guineas. a really ervice- Payments taken. ab'e and well made English SILVER LEVER WATCH, in splendid order. Grand movement, warranted for five 12s. 6. years, or exchanged. Sacrifice for

MAGNIFICENT perfectly new velvet IHeTA BL E COVER, Payments taken. grouna pattern, and quality, on- !°" 6D. soiled. Cost fifty shillings. Only

GENTS solid GOLD ALI3ERT, beautiful pattern, equal to new. Paymaits taken. just out of pledge. Cost three guineas 255. my prlre Is

HAIR RESTORER.—I will vnd on receipt of Is. Id. one bottie of lotion for promoti.g the speedy growth of hair, never fails.—P. GOURLAY. Lendos-road, Isieworth. HAT and HOSIBA BUSINESS tx disposal, on principal thoroughfare, no soodwill, stock and fixtures at vela- ation.—Apply 26x. Wilmslow-road, Rusholme, Manchester.

A PPLES FOR SALE.—Blenheima and aourings and large £1 cooking apples in small quantites or large ; Woes on GILICES, Bledington, Chipping Norton, Oxon.

rPO BE SOLD. es a going concern, by order of the Rxecutors 1. first-class PAWNBROKING and SALE BUSINESS in main thoroughfare. Established 40 years.—Apply J. JONES, 171, Windsor-et., Liverpool

A GOOD BATH CHAIR TO BE SOLD CHBAPJn good condition, u histered and hair cushion, guide to front wheel which Is a new one. On view, 15, lihrby Row, Vulcan. Newton-le-Willows.

SCOTCH WHlSKET.—Parties desiring really good Whiskey should send P.O. for 20s. for six bottles, car- riage paid to any part of England.—McJEfutow and Co., Lockerbie. N.B. Established 1825.

CANARIES. handsome young Yellow and Marked Birds, bred from pr.ze winners, splendid singing Cocks 2s. 9d.. 3 for 7s. 6d ; Bens is. safely pocked, Miss HAINES, Homer- street. Ballsall Heath, Worcestershire.

DOUGLAS. ISLE OF MAN.—The BUSINESS of a large private Hotel to be Sold, as a going concern, situate on the Loch Promenade. one of the largest aod best connections in Douglas •, a profitable business.—Address E. J. Bullough, 1, RI hmnnd-terrace, Blackburn.

-1-01 IN LOWE, Ftre and Thief -proot SAFE MAKER, has ON 0 SALE Milner, Cbatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap; 100 to choose from. —3B. Albert-street. King-street West. Manchester.

80,000 Str.LL2e.Thi..a..ncastertso'rceAlembraatteeudrsphoortofrEzheiso eionals. MaxcnvaiEst AGENCY Is at 71. Oxford-st. (All Sainte). Lists free. Second hand camera, bought or ex- changed.

lIOMB WORK.—WeII made hand knitted socks to order, best quality wool, 3s. per pair ; shawls, best quality, i•olt wool, 7s. 6d., largest size. 105. ,• handsome felt hassocks, worked In 611 k , all colours, 7s. 6d., carriage paid.—Miss GURNEY, Brierton Vicarage. Aylesbury.

PILBS I PILES! All outward rir.Es cured in two or three days with SODDY'S PATENT OINTMENT. Testimonials from all parts Only one trial solicited.— Apply Mr. or Mrs. Bonny. Queen's Head Inn, Manchester-road, Bradford, Yorkshire. Boxes is. each. by post Is. lid.

A_ USICPUL RECIPE for mothers. McKinnell'e nursery lotioa. so effectuay destroys nll vermin and nits. that a single application thoroughly cleans children's heads. Bottle sent post free for Is. P. 0., or 13 stamps.—Warzrim McKINNI la.. 1. Railaay Approach, Clapham, London. S.W.

ALKER'S SPECIFIC FOR PILES.—A Certain, safe and speedy remedy. Beneficial to the genPral health. Cures constipation. Invaluable to ladies. In boxes, 16.10 , and 2s. 9d., of most chemists; by post Is. ad. and 2s. lid —J. WALKER, Manchester House, St. Augustine's-road, Southsea.

FOUND DRAD.—Thousands have been killed with Sanford's Poison. Hunched of farmers that have used it say it is th e lest poison known, as they find a lot of rats dead by using it. Post tree Is. 2d., 25.. 3s box, of SANFORD and Sox, Sandy, Beds. Send stamp and try it. Sold by chemist a.

rpOOTHACHß.—Corbett's K.N.D. will destroy the nerve 1 in a hollow tooth at once ;do not wait until the toot's begins to ache, and then waste two days In pain while the remedy is sent for, but keep a bottle ready, and stop the pain at once. Post free is. 3cl. Mention paper. Cußarrt and Co., Nuabon, N. Wales.

TENTS I . TENTS I 1 TENTS! 1 !—Sultalole for Gardens, Cricket, or Camping-out purposes. Forty feet in cir- cumference, pure linen, with pegs, Doles, and lines com- plete. These tents are white, and have only been used a little by Ifer 111 jesty's Government, and cost over £6 each. I will tend one complete for 203. Can be sent on approval.— HENRY J. GASSOX, Government Contractor, Eye, Sussex.

NOTTINGHAM LACE CAPES. SPLENDID SILK LACE CAPES 2s. 6D. AND 3e. En. EACH. Carriage paid ; superior quality 5s lld , worth 15s. lit and quality guaranterd. Beautiful white skirts, full size- trimmed deep lace, 2s. 61, ; trimmed with embroidery. 4s. 6d., good value. Carriage paid. Wm. COTTON, Lace and Lace Curtain Manufacturer, Weekday Cross, NottinAham.— Established 50 years.

AWARDED FIRST PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide Li. Jubilee Exhibition, 1887. and Sydney Centenary Exhibition, 1888. —TO PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. Cheapest House in London for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings —all the newest designs. Two million feet always In Su..-2k. Veneered and fancy wood mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every description, oleographs,&c. Further reduction In prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipping orders. Full particulars in pattern book and catalogue (85 pages 4to demy revised for 1891) for 3d, stamps.—H. !dolma., 17 and 18, Great St. Andrew-st. Bloomsbury, London. Telegraphic address "Rabbitry." iondon. Stock lists and prices of glass monthly. free.

CONTINUATION OF R 'EDUCTIONS. OF THE RESIDUE OF STOCK, AND AT PRICES THAT MUST COMMAND AN ENTIRE CLEARANCE AT THE TEMPLE OF ARTS FURNITURE ESTAB- LISHMENT, 164 .ND 166, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON. SIDEBOARDS. A few Spleg did Sideboards from 4 feet to 7 feet at a reduction of 15 to 25 per cent. from the plainly marked usual prices. BEDROOM SUITES. Bedroom Suites from 15 to £BO, amongst v,hich are some very handsome Suites in al- most every kind of Wood and decorated, at a reduction of 10 to 25 per cent, from the plainly marked usual prices. BEDSTEADS. Iron, Iron and Brses, and all Brass Bed- steads, at greatly reduced prices. CARPETS AND HEARTHRUGS, &C. Carpets, Hearthrugs, Floor Cloths Lino- leum, Mattings, and Mats of every descrip- tion, and at very low prices. Beds and Mattresses of every kind made, and Bedding of all sorts, A 1 quality, and at prices that cannot fail to give satisfaction. CONTINUATION OF REDUCTIONS AT THE TEMPLE OF ARTS, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON, R. W. MARSH. ESTABLISHED 1864.

pioN FENCING, SHEEP and CATTLE HURDLES 1 Don't be mislead by special advertised offers, but before buying write for our Illustrated Catalogue, free on applica- tion. BAYLISS JONES & BAYLISS, Iron Fencing minutiae- urers, Wolverhampton. London Office and Showrooms, 139 8c 141. Cannon Street. Londox.

()E N SAL one 8 I ore-power Horizontal ENGINE and VERTICAL BOILER, also first-class Farmers Cart (new), all complete.—Apply FencLouarr, Black Bear Smithy, Latchford.

ri-10 BE SOLD, TRACTION ENGINE and THRASHING I PLANT, win; Self-binder ; worked last spring ; in good condition ; owner dead. -Apply Mrs. BARTON, Crooke, sherington, near Wigan.

100 MACHINE TOOLS, comprising LATHES, DRILLS, PLANERS, SHAPERS, ENGINES. c TEA ‘7 HAMMERS, MILLING MACHINES, PUNCHING and BENDING MACHINES, to., ready--For liat apply SCOTT BROS., Halifax.

ON SALE, cheap. one 2-horse-power compact VERTICAL ENGINE. suitable for chaff cutting or chipped potatoe washing ; also 1-s.h. wrot saddle circulating BOILER, 31t. by 21t. by 20 inches, heating power. 5 Oft. 4in. pipe.—CHARLES COTTON, Seotland-road, Warrington.

gIEN-INCII bore HORIZONTAL RINIGINE ;. Planing I. Machine. 6. by 2ft. lOin. wide ;8 Second-hand Slide Lathe ; Vertical Boller, 6ft.by2tt. Sin ; Mortising Machines; Saw Fame, 4ft. by 21t. ; Ornamental Fountaia.—WlLLlAM WALKINGTON, Ski mer-lane, Leeds.

T. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS LIMITED (late Ormerod, 1.7 Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester. have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS, Millwright, and all kinds of Englneeeing Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli cation.—Telephone 229. PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

pAT EN T OFFICE. MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have had mere than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the-cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 64. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES. C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A., 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

AWARDED OVER 370 PRIZE MICHALS. BRADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY - APPROVED LAUNDRY & DAIRY MACHINERY. COMPLETE OUTFITS FOR HAND AND STEAM POWER. Catalogue. Free '" Correspondence Invited. THOMAS BRADFORD & CO.. 130, BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL; VICTORIA-AVENUE, MANCHESTER; Also SALFORD and LONDON.

Olontp. £l5 to £l.OOO ; interest £6 16s. per £lOl. Prospectus free. South Lancashire Company, 27, Brazennose-st, Manchester.

ANY RESPECTABLE PERSON who Is in want of money should apply to the under-meutioned. Sums of £3 up- wards advanced at a few hours notice. Strictest privacy observed whether money advanced or not. Interest and repayn ents at a low rate. pi y. in strictest confidence, pwsonally or by letter to:—W. B. MOREWOOD, 60, New Cross-at., St. Helens, or 94, Widnr s-road, Whines.

A LADY HAVING CASH at her clispos .1, 0 open to make Temporary Ca,,h Advances of £3 and upwards. In con- fidence, to respect4tle house olders, who wish to avoid the usual unpleasantmss and routine of a loan office; no sureties are asked for, and habitual borrowers need not apply.— Apply personally, or by letter. Mrs. Moarwoon, 94, Widnes- road, W.dnes.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANCED. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO upwards on BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now being lent annually. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy-st,. Manchester. ESTABLISHED 1870.

--- WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. MR. JOHN R. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCE: FRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable Hcaseholders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR DOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT Oil DEBTS Without 13ondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry on your simple written prcroise to pay back.—Apply r t Vie- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134. Orford-lane, any Evening from 6117. Applications from RUNCORN ano District generally receive precisely the same attention.

MONEY, MONEY, MONEY. LOANS £5 TO £5OO. May be had on day of application. If it is inconvenient to call, all letters will have our prompt attention. If you want to Start in Business. If you want to Furnis your House. If you want to Pay your Debts. If you wan to Increase your Stock. If you want to Pay your Rent. Repayments to suit Borrowers. Strictest privacy guaranteed. No Bills of Sale. No Sureties. No Fines. No Loan Office routine.—Apply to R. N. WEBBER, 8, BURNING ROAD, off Wavertree Road,. EDGEHILL, LIVERPOOL. Near LONDON 8; NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY STATION.

CITAL Two-manual ORGAN; fine rich tone splendid pitch pine cam—ALEX. Youxet & SONS. organ builders, Eldon-et., Manche,ter.

J. W. T EMPERLEY, MUSIC SELLER, 31, LOWLAND'S ROAD. RUNCORN. • PIANOS, ORGANS, VIOLINS, &T. Tuning and Repairs. All kinds of Fittings in Stock. Arrangements made for First-Class Orchestral Band and Pianists. PIANOS on HIRE and on HIRE-PURCHASE.

GREAT SALE of fire salvage of over 200 PIANOS AND 01,GANS. at J. PA/tRY'S 18, to 24, Downing- at., Ardwick, Manchester. Mrs Parry having come to a speedy and satisfactory settle- ment with the Yorkshire Fire Insurance Company has decided to make a quick clearance at half their cost. La Full toned Bell Organ walnut and gold case cost £2B 8 10 Oblique German Piano, ivory he s. and 7 octaves Pianette by Derwent of Lund is? oe'aves Rosewood cottage Piano, Nteter, 7 octaves 4 15 Iron fran-e cottage Piano. Ravenswood, 7 octaves 5 0 Iron frame cottage Piano. overstrung,Stoclart,7 octaves 6 0 Iron frame German, overstrung piano,? tetaves 9 15 Iron frame semi-grand, by Kirkman, 7 octaves Iron frame concert Grand, by Collard, 7 octaves l4 0 The above lots are perfectly new inside with iron frame, full I richord, brass pin plate, and patent check action. The out- side cases are damaged by water.

pADEREWSKI says: "Play only on an Erard wherever obtainable. S. and P. ERARD. MAKERS to the QUEEN and ROYAL FAMILY. 18. GREAT MARLBOROUGH-ST.. REGENT-ST.. W.

Zirpries, aOgintttai, Ztt. SAFETIES! SAFETIES!! SAFETIES!!! -- Write for most complete List in the Trade. Post Free, con. taining over 500 New and Second-hand Machines ,all of the latest patterns. Machines from 255. beapest and Best in the World. Trade supplied 5) per cent. cheaper than other makers. Large List Post Free. W. R. WAR RILOW, REGENT CYCLE WORKS, WESTON-SUPER-MARE.

MASON'S CYCLE CO.. LTD. 71, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. THE BEST MACHINES, WITH PNEUMATIC TYRES. FROM Ell 11e. EACH. REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. A. MASON. MANAGER. NOTE NEW ADDRESS.

SPECIAL NOTICE !-FOR ONE MONTH ONLY, AUGUST srlr, TO SEPTEMBER 2ND, GREAT CLEARANCE SALE OF SURPLUS STOCK OP BASiINETTES, MAIL CARTS, dc., at ENORMOUS REDUC I lONS. An opportunity which should not be Missed. Please Note the ONLY ADDRESS— WILLIAM ASHTON, 74, SANKEY-ST., (Corner of Legh-st.), WARRINGTON.

BELSIZE, I WELL'S. WHITWORTH'S, TRENTS, REFEREES. HUMBER and SYMYER. CRYPTO'S, COVENTRY CROSS, GROSVENORS, STARS, and maker of the celebrated HARDIE CYCLES. The largest Stock In the North to select from. Every machine warranted for 12 months. Cycles made and repaired on the premises. Solid- tyred Safeties converted into cushkais from 305. The trade supplied and agents appointed. CALL and SHE 11ARDIB'S HUMBER-PATTERN DIA- MOND FRAME 1893 (Dunlop or other Pneumatic Tyres) weight from 301b5., for £lO 10s. Warranted for 12 months. Cycles supplied on the easy payment system. TT ARDIE, Cycle Factor, 80, Renshaw-st.. Liver- pool, and 288 and 293. Regent-road, Salford.

rrHE MISSES HIMMEL 23, Wilson-Patten- streut. Warrington . SCHOOL DUTIES RE- SUMED September 19th, Fees, etc., on application.

T AWES' SCHOOL,MELCHET HOUSE, LYTHAM. LI —lnclusive terms, special for ch-rgv, references to arents, vacancy for articled pupil.—Principals, the Misses lIALKET (Miss. S. Halket, L.L.A.)

HEATH OLD BALL. WAKEFIELD. SUPERIOR SCHOOL FOR GIRLS.—ESTABLISHED 1852. Terms, wi th view of hall and ground,, with r •ferenee, on npolleation to Mrs. O. B. KENT. Next term begins Sept. 22nd.

DENMAENDIAWR SCHOOL, North Wale& Seft and mountain air. Preparation for Public Schools, Icc. Increased accommodation for Boarders. Term. September 13th. WILLIAM U. RHODES, M.A., (London), F.C.P., Mead Master.

CLAREMONT, MOUNT EPHRAIM - ROAD, STREATHAM, LONDON. PREPARATORY SCHOOL for the Sons of Gentlemen, (Thitablished 1881.) Tutor D.A. London, Principal—Miss JULIA.GRIFFITHS. Protpectue on Application.

MR. FRANK W. REYNOLDS, 8.A., TEACHER OF THE PIANOFORTE. MASSEY HALL, THEM- WA LL, near Warrington.—Partleulars a 3 to terms. die., may be obtained from Mr. R. 11. PEAMON, Bold-st., Warrington, or from Massey Hall. .

ST. GEORGE'S SCHOOL, (Catholic), Brampton, Huntingdon, (lb hours from King's Cross). A thoroughly Professional or Commercial Hducation providtd at a moderate pension.—Address The PRINCIPAL.

I_lOllE SCHOOL for YOUNG LADIES. Every comfort. careful training, iirst-raoe professors, accom- plishments, all examinations, good house, ke,iltliy suburb, drilling, tennis.lo.—Blisses LAMB, Grove Park, Lee. S. E.

rrEIE MARLING ENDOWED SCHOOL, STROUD 1 Chairman of Cloven' ors : Sir W. H. Marling. Bart. School Fees. 2 —23 a Term ; Boarding Fees, only £3O per Annum. Boys admitted at any period at Pros ortionato Pees. For particulars apply.—W. J. GRICENSTREET, M.A., Head- master.

011 ANGE OF ADDRESS.—JAMES M. MUIR, A.C.0.. A.T C.L., ALEXANDRA STUDIO, Dridge-sL, Warrington. The premises occupied by Mr. Rossiter, photo- grapher. TUIIION IN ORGAN. Pi ,noforte Singing, Harmony, ac., 11, Cliffe View. Stockton Heath.

OLIVE HOLTSE SCHOOL, PWLLHELI, NORTH kj WALES --Sound and Liberal EDUCATION for Young Gentlemen. Preparation for C.vil Service and other public examinations. Comfortable home. lacing the lea. French conversation daily. References to parents in Manchester. Next term September l 9 Terms very moderate--For pros- pectus apply to the PRINCIPAL.

WA RR IN G TON GRAMMAR SellOOL. THE NEXT TERM VI,ILL BEGIN ON TUESDAY SEPIEMBER For furth r particulars apply to the HEAD MASTER

TRINITY COLLEGE. HARROGATE. uFAD MASTER.—Mr. J. P. HUGHES.—Assisted by four Ite.ident ani seven Visiting Masters. Boys very su t- cessful in the London Mal ric„ Cambridge Local. Preliminary Law Exams., tennis courts, gymnasium, swimming bath, cricket and football fields. Next term begins Sept. 20th.

J\JANC II EST ER GRAMMAR SCHOOL PEE 49. PER TERM. The next Term begins TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 19th. Entrance Examination, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 18th, at 9 a.m. PROSPECTUSES. Forms of application &e., may be bad at the School. OWEN W. COX. Clerk and Receiver. NB.—Boarding Douse now open tinder the sanction of Governors.

WIDNES ACADEMY OF 111USIC, PRIVATE LESSONS. SELECT DAY AND EVENING CLASSES. PIANO. ORGAN, HARMONIUM, VIOLIN, VOICE PRODUCTION, HARMONY, COUNTERPOINT, COMPOSITION. THREE FREE SCHOLARSHIPS Tenable one year. Thirty-three certificates and prizes gained by students during the year 1891. Prospectus on Application to THE PRINCIPAL.

MANDOLIN, GUITAR, ZITHER, and BANJO, taught by PROFESSOR ENNIS and SENOIiA RANDA.—Address Victoria Chambers. Widnes.

APales bp Ration. Telephone: No. 55. IZOBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers, t Warrington. Ancno'N ROOMS—No.,I Rank Street J AGENT TO—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. ' Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1656. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Association Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National I3oiler Insurance Company, Lim:ted. Established 1864.

Co be Ed. PENKETH. HOUSE, with garden ; also several cottages.— Apply Mr. ROBERT Lown, estate agent, Market Gate Chambers. Warrington.

BE LET, at Weston Point. a large and commodious 1_ Dwelling House, with large garden, bath-room, Ac.; rent moderate.—Apply Mr. A. BoarnwicA, Waterloo-road, Widnes.

HOUSE AND GARDEN TO LET, No. 4, Salisbury-st. rent £25 Ss. per annum. Contains dining and drawingroorn, kitchen, five bedrooms, we., and bath.— Apply GIB3ON AND SON. Church-st., Warrington.

TO BE LET, the Houselately occupied by Mr. Brineley Sheridan, Scotland-road. Warrington ; adroirably adapted for a better class Lodging-house--Particulars apply Mr. COWDELL, estate agent. Mill-st.. Warrington.

T HOMAS LEA, CONFECTIONER AND WHOLESALE BREAD BAKER, CHURCH-STREET, RUNCORN, Begs to inform hi numerous patrons that Ito has just opened, as a Branch Establishment, the Shop, 38, HIGH-STREET, RUNCORN, with high class confectionery and fancy breads. Orders will receive prompt attention,

COLLIER'S BREAD Is prepared from CAREFULLY SELEXIED FLOUR, Produced from the FINEST CALIFORNIAN WHEAT, Carefully made by Experienced Bakers, is ABSOLUTELY PURE, And delivered daily to all parts of Runcorn and District Orders to be left at 6, Church-st. The Largest Trade in Town. Over 2,400 Loaves sold every week. WALTER COLLIER, 6. CHURCH-STREET, RUNCORN.

DR. SCOTT'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS The Safest Medicine. D SCOTT'S pans Cure Indigestion, and Wind. J) TI. SCOTT'S PILLS Cure Nervous Depression. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Restore the Appetite. D". SCOTT'S pus 1... Purify the Blood. DR. S --icorr,s DILLS il_ Strengthen the Whole System. D' SCOTT'S piLLS The Best Family Medicine. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Mild but Effectual. DR. SCOTT'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS Are wrapped in a square green package, bearing the name of the proprietor, W. LAMBERT 173, Seymour Place. London, W. by post for 14 or 34 stamps.

Co.HENRY ENRY MILLING AND LTD. Beg to state that they have always lii ItOCIL HARRIS'S GENUINE • WILTSHIRE BACON. BRANDED. Customei s may rely on HARRIS'S BACON being supplied if ordered. RENE! MILLING AND COMPANY, LIMITED, M ERCHANTS, WARRINGTON. . CYCLES..-REMAINING STOCK AT VERY LOW PRICES, NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED. JOSEPII S GARLAND, HIONMONGER, WAR,IIINGTON.

GOLD MEDAL DIETETIC TEAS. SPECIALLY RECOMMENDED TO DYSPEPTICS. tad a e eat boon to any who bare been denied the use of other teas by their Medical Advisers. HENRY MILLING & CO, LTD. MERCHANTS, WARRINGTON.

IMPORTANT NOTICE. NEW TALE! NEW TALE !! ! ON SATURDAY; SEPTEMBER 30TH, The' EXAMINEE" will contain the OPENING CHAPTERS of a NEW STORY which will be found of thrilling interest, entitled : 4, FARTED BY FATE ; OR THE MYSTERY OF BLACK TOR LIGHTHOUSE." By LAURA. JEAN TAMMY, Author a" lone, the Pride of the Mill," Ac., Ac.

- - _ : gl ow Lost! How Regained! Invaluable Remarks for Young and Middle- Aged Mon. • - 4 x;24,14. THE-4' ifse •OrJJF- , , KNOW THYSELF. Or SELF-PRESERVATION. A little work in brief 0313 NERVOUS and PHYSICAL DEBILITY, ERRORS off YOUTH, EXHAUSTED VITALITY, PREMATURE DE- CLINE, and all ACQUIRED DISEASES, and WEAK-- HEMS OF MAN, their CAUSE and CURE. FIVE MINUTES spent in the perusal of this little book 'illl teach the reader more than five days spent in .any book: written en this subject, because the books written on this. Subject are so fall of mystery, what with Latin phrases and - fancy words, that it is impossible for anyone to make any sense of thens, excepting those who have had really a Grat- elass educatien ; and they are but little understood by any excepting the persons who wrote them. This little work will be found brief, precise & void of unneceesuy reading,and will meet fully with the requirements ef the time-s inasmuch salt is extracted , • ,„. tree:, wt rilte rnols.PAßADisr ten by nae I °staled— - ALL SHOULD READ IT. If there is no cause for treatment it should 'Drove a safeguard to the inexperienced and instructive to the WISE; consequently IT CONCERNS YOU and will ke Sent yOll un- der COVELt ; and SEALED, for Three Penny Stamps. Address—CiOnLD'S LABORATORY, Bradford, Yorkshire. ADVICE FREE Br LETTER. ADVr. COPYRIGRI

EBTABt.II3HED 1851. BIRKBECK .BANK. Southarnpten Buildings, Chancery Lane, London. TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed o DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. - TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, WI th, minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lOO. . STOOKS, SHARES, and'ANNUITIES purchased and solo SAVINGS DEPARTMEZTT. For the encouragement of Thrift tile Bank receives small EMT on deposit, and allows Interest monthly on each e3mpleied El . • BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW To PURCHASE A: HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. , • .BIRKBECK FREEHOLD AND SOCIETY now TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTE. The BIRKBECE ALMANACK, with full particulars, post free FRANCIS RAVENSCROFT. Manager.

FRANCIS MORTON AND COMPANY, LIMITED, HAMILTON IRON WORKS, GARSTON, near Liverpool, lqvite Inquiries and Refereqee to their NEW CATALOGUE. FENOII% AND GATE DEPARTMENT. F.M. & Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE & IRON FENCES, now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad, is being continually Improved upon to meet extended requirements, and complete informa- tion is supplied on Application. RAIL! For PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, b. ORNAMENTAL HIGH-CLASS GATES, TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, Mansions, Villas, lb. STRONG FIELD GATES, FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS, &o. HURDLES NETTING AND TREE GUARDS WIPE WORK. CONTINUOUS BAR IRON FENCING, Fitted with F.M. & Co.'s Self-Looking LONDON Om= I 17, VICTORIA ST., Westminster, S.W.

ONE POUND OUT OP EVERY THIRTY POUNDS OP TEA

BROOKE, BOND. & Co. Think of the millions of men, women, and chil- dren in our teeming land and then realise that Brooke, Bond Ee Co. supply one out of every thirty in those myriads with Tea. THAT FACT IS THE BEST PROOF OF VALUE. WE DO NOT FEAR COMPETITION, and we court comparison, for our position is impregnable. WHY? BECAUSE we buy for " cash" and sell for " cash " many million pounds of Tea every year; so we can sell and do sell every pound for the smallest profit. We deal in TEA ONLY. It is plain Indeed that a firm which devotes all its attention to Tea alone must give the Public the best possible value in Tea. Our gigantic business has been established twenty-three years, our reputation is so high, and we have altogether SO much at stake that we are thus bound by the best and surest of all guaran • tees to do the utmost possible for the Public and .for you. WILL YOU NOW TRY THE TEA ITSELF? It is sold In One-pound, Half-pound, and Quarter- pound Packets. Each is prepared and sealed by us at our own Warehouses, and bears our Signature and celebrated Trade Mark of the double-triangle or six-pointed star. OUR AGENTS draw their supplies constantly from us, and they sell exactly the same Tea at the same prices as at our celebrated warehouses. I/2, 1/4, I/8, 2/.., 2/4 or 2/8 per lb. WE ARE GLAD to receive applications for Agencies in this District from energetic trades- people. Selling our Tea is already a regular annuity to thousands of enterprising men and women. BROOKE, BOND, & CO., LIMITED, 17, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER, AND AT LEEDS. ERADFORD, AND LONDON.

FITS OR EPILEPSY, GIDDINESS, SENSATIONS, FAINTS. I will 'demonstrate to the whole world how that most dreadful of ad complaints. "Epilepsy," which has been hitherto conf blered incurable. can be permanently cured (without the chance of failure) Write with full hope and confidence to the " Secretary." Burwood House, Burwood Place, Hyde Park, London. He will send you, " °ratio," full instructions fbr cLre, and advice on diet.

I This useful book Is written by a dis- tinguished London Physician for the guidance of those who suffer from Weak Stomach. Flatulency, or any form GUIDE of Indigestion and Nervousness. It 1 a teach s what to eat, what .to avoid d how to regain health and . . , ' strength. A copy will be sent F REE gratis and post paid, by Guy's. . Tonic Company, (0 Department), 6, Sloane Square, London, S.W. ...-

VT. GEE TAYLOR'S ECZEMA CURE. At once stops irritation, and cures all SKIN DISEASES. Contains NO POISON. Does not Stain. Price Is. Itd. and 2s. Oil., or Postal Order is. 3d. & 3s, from Sole Proprietor. Agents wanted. W. GEE TAYLOR., Chemist, Bungerford. Berks

• THE 44EXA1INER" STEAM PRINTING WORKS BRWSEY STREET. WARRINGTON.

, ;iLLS WAY'S PILLS & OINTMENT Are acknowledged by all to be The Best Medicines for Family Use. MANUPACTURED ONLY AT 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON. And Sold 11 all Nallcinc Vendors througkout Ile World. ;Advice Gratis; at tbo above address, daily, beta-eon tho hours of n and 4, or by letter.

‘‘, VE N OYA TE A . ___:_----- • \, \,, Supreme in Quality, ,- Unique in Flavour. , ---, \l\ fl/4 \ - „ _.,,,..,-,,. 4.- _j_ ~\sr,, , ',\,ss, \, \\ \ \; per lb, ~,,\.,,, 1, ,;\,,, , . , \\,--- I, % , tk, \.\ ' \ ti:;-P4f -.J s\ '' \ '''+ ' - ~,,'% ' At_e f4l' Ti• -<- ' ,s.' • C i'S` -" , ,''s F : ,‘ s‘'s• ~,- 1,/,,''V:-., ~..,0 .4.-.,%, - - - ____ - _--_- _‘, \ , \ lg. 4 ,„ ~,4 \ ,-, ~ . „./ • -4:::„ .5 -,. -2.,..,-,1,,,,-_,,,,„;, . ..„ _ , .-_,---., 2--- - ---- , ,' -,•\-,-- /Iv- -,,,,/,4i., \ ' ' ,•-/ 4 ',c) „,----'.- ,--,- --- , ..,, so.by.-- ,_- ....."--r. - the leading \, \ /4/17 5,,.1! "- - a --„;,,-, ' - A Rest for the tired, _ in each \\ • ...,,, A Joy for the Strong. district it Tlll5 ONI PACtETI. VE N oyA ar EA A. , EVERYBODY CAN GET IT FROM:— A. E. A. SMITH— BOWDON—HOUSEHOLD STORES I SUTTON OAK BLAIR AND CO' Buttermarket-street (corner of CO., Oxford-Rd. ST. HELENS M. BOHAN. Academy-street); and 41, Win- CROFT ...JAMES UNSWORTFI, JUN. TILSTON J. WILLETT. wick-street, W ARRINGTON. EARLESTOWN T. MOISNEUX. TATTENHALL G. MORGAN 31, Mersey-road, WIDNES; AND MIDDLEWICH W. RIMSEY. TRANMERE...M. A. BURGESS & W BRADBURY. CO., 28, Church-Rd. 36, Market-at., EARLESTOWN. MARPLE , ACTON BRIDGE ...A. C. MOULTON ROCK FERRY ...W. HOPKINSON, WIDNES R. WEBSTER BEFTESFIELD, Near Whitchurch 96, 98, Bedfoid-Rd. WIGAN H. LITHFItLAND. J. L. HUXLEY. LIVERPOOL ... GENERAL SUPPLY ASSOCIATION, 17, COLQUITT-STREET. List of Local Agents now completing, and will be published here regularly. Applications for the few remaining vacancies to be addressed to the Proprietors of" VENOYA, ' TEA, 19 and 20, Camomile-street, London, E.G Only one Agent, who must be a leading Grocer, will be appointed for each neighbourhood.

A 000 D FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, WITH a prudet use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea raigllt be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good compound such as • COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOVS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious com- partments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as .tbe best.—Obso ver. FREE FROM MERCURY. A N 0 s OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. FOR BILE. LIVER, ACIDITv, INDIGESTION, &c,

PURE IRISH LINEN. IRISH LINEN IRISH CAMBRIC POCKET HANDKERCHIEFS N Guaranteed all pure flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2,11 per dozen. IRISH LINE Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11j- per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. IRISH LINEN - Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars, 5/6 per dozen; made special to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9. 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2'6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yards square, 2/11each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 4P. per yard. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide. 1/11 per yard SURPLICE IRISH LINEN LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Iluckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SUMMER AND $ EVENING WEAR. IRISH LINEN IRISH TWEED, aalludPustr;lNeVoorl. jeasUsenssuayrpir foedr fordsiteare,nogrtld,enDtsura, wbility, IRISH LINEN Patterns Free by Return of Post. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. cl, R. HUTTON & CO, LARNE, BELFAST.

1 • 4.........:4 t n 7" . t t . , . • ft... tt t. SOOT H 1 '''' I. G POWDERS, FOR CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN USE OVER FIFTY YEARS.

"JOHN STEEDMAN, CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY." is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

DECORATIVB AND ART FURNITURE. S.- .JOHNSON ,CABINET: MAKERS UPHOLSTERERS rgi I ';11 01 flit g PI • BY SWIFT GOLD MEDAL tiEW HARRISON ll Eat 4: • P. KNITS Stockings, Clothing in Wool, Silk, or Cotton. . Lists Id. per Tost. TRIUMPHANT A WARD at YAMS. The only WINNER In Um WORD) of AtAcooo. co. Works, 48, trrrgit JiIi(JOIC BT., HANCLIESIIJA

"FOR, THE BLOOD TR THE LTFR." 01 1:1 P1°41.1 OP; I3LQOD PURIFIER s"k? AN ID R E STO R Is warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. It is the only real specific for Gaut and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials ._ In bottles 2s. 9d. and 111. each, of all Chemists. sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIPa DRUG COMPANY, LINCOLN. BEWARE OF WORTIILBSS IMITATtiONS.

V: 41 0-1. •-• 1-3 tt C 9 "V DI 04 5

11 TEETII. T E lil TE. . rip:Ent PARKINSONS'S 'TEETH are, at the lallTc IJNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The I 'EETH. may rest assured that tbese ,tatements ,sal,,, based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, and per), 51)" 10 I best guarantee of this to T intending' patients that J. H. PR AKINSON his 0719 .of the, WI -,1l Dintal Practices in England, Ihe otttcninibe 'TEETH. emplbytng the BEST LAhOUN. 1 tv‘ing f . ~,g BEST MATERIALS 01.t.ainable. amt 00'14- TEETH, the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. Any set made, or any work Male by him. 01: I. TEETH. not giving ABSOLUTE 6 h.TISFACIIOII 0 Every Detail will he froutedintey correeteho TEETHan ENTIRE NEW SET made PEEI3 • CHARGE. These conditions insure the public's sa‘i9l TEETH. Lion and recommendatiors, exemplified b!.001 • sets having been inserted for patieutz.at'tga rrEETH. one year only. directly and indirectly the voluntary persuasion and rmortes/7-0 AL TEETH. of ONE SINGLB PA'ElliN'l. Any cy these patients' names and addtesses, for wag rence, will be given to any would-be-1A..0 TEETII. personally applying for tl.rrn. Thrde's thousands in the past,, each recommending this TEETH. friends, speak volumes for Mr. Perliin''' 1111CCCSS, TEEM. His unusually Large Dental Eytablislinr4 adapted for the COMFORT of Patients. 11,/ to 1. rrEETH. NOT DETER ANY. ALL ere W ELAM' FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily. from I_ and 2 to 6 rrEETII. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRAC; 10.,. as hitherto, by the hi,i of his ow.re 11 0 TEETH. LIQUID NITROUS ONI.I/E, of widen, turr,l'Al• liquefies for sale to dentists nearly Lc01;,.• bill r r EETH. lons weekly, Patients, have, ttk- refore• 0' speciality also the benefit of. isle eY4:.'"o'tt. _l. TEETH. CLOSED ALL DAY ON PRI OAS,. J. If. PARKINSON, TEETH. Dentist by Eaaminallion,.. 0, T 46, MOSLEY-STREET, M.I„NC!TOS WARRSIIIGTON ON WEDNESDA,YS, at Mise,Obar''. . Ladies' Outfitter, Sankey:st., from 2- to‘9-non. ois RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs.. ITual;esl.o4. Parson's), Confectioner, Bridge-st., from 2' to W . NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS. at Miss 00,..„-es. 2. COI . from rtr 11 tot). ,1.1 _.....?"

II 41%,Ordinary notices of Births, Mainnagas. and DuaWs. alerted free of charge. Marriagesor Deaths with, ttldigaci ' " bro Cards." or any addition to the liegistme S O,A Ad , notice. are charged One Shilling and Sixpence,. It p reP3'""At announcements on credit, Two Shillings. ande 84.277:.0.0" , such announcements must be authenthatod by the and address of sender. MARRIAGES.. Cm.tarwrox—Rinirnsm---September 6; at the Parish boet, lialutsford, by the Rev. A. Barna:tie. of Holme3 C joio assisted by the Rev. G. L. Rig on. of Enetsford. ,ote lircx,kes Chadwick, of Runcorn, to Rosily eldest dairoie • of the late Mr. George Kirkham, of Yrandley Sevenoaks. ..,r1 ,W3ENCH—COUPE—Septemiber 2, at the Parish Cl,"- rington, by the Rev.. A. A. Markham, Thomas Wrench to Blizabeth,Ann Coope. VW' BLKOWN—BERRY—September 3, at the Parish Churco•vro tO ! ring Lon. by the Rev. F.. L. H.. Millard, Robert B ro Emily Berry. DEATBS the HaNKINSOII.—At 1E ViOI49IIUL WaiTillgtOno n Inst., Thomas Hankins° get 61 years. 40 ROSE—Sept. 3.. at 21. E st-at., led 41 year., Rolfe gen SWINDELLS—Sept. 4, at 63, Orfo d-st.. aged 18 year of El e.i Swindells. Bowmr—Bent.. 4, at Winwick-road, aged 26 year. a Bowen. HRAYXY-Be2t. F, at Blrehall-et, aged .46 Year, Heavey. MEMORIAL CARDS, 6c10113 CIRCULARS, BILLHEADA, AIRMORANDUMS. glee • Handbills, Window Bills,' Posters. and printing 0„1 9^a.isP' executed with neatnesa and despatch by JOHN o• the Borough Press 34, Bridge-street, Warringtiol•
