===== 0002601_18930527_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11101. 1 ry

t,

===== 0002601_18930527_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
RBOISTERRD FOR TRANSMISSION ABROAD

No, 737.

WEDDING RINGS.-PURE GUINEk GOLD WEDDING RINGS. Largest Stock and best value in the district. Sold by weight from 7s. 6d. to 50s. All sizes and shapes, including the Round and Half-Round alWays in stock. Finger size card post free. B. AND A. EUSTANCE. THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK. 43, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED, 1164.

pARRS' BANKING COMPANY AND THE ALLIANCE BANK, LIMITED. SIMMS CROSS, WIDNES. THIS BRANCH WILL OPEN FOR BUSINESS on eaturday MONDAY, the 29th inst. Office hours 11 to 2 daily. a excepted.

JOHN DUN, General Manager. JAMES HURST, Widnes Manager.

LETHESDA CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, itUNCORN. ANNIVERSARY SERVICES FOR THE SCHOOL Will be preached in the above Church TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) MAY 28TH. by The Rev. F CARTER. of Northwich. Morning. 10.30 • Evening. Six o'clock. SPECIAL HYMNS BY THE CHILDAEN. Collection at each Service. A LECTURE entitled "JOHN BULL IN HIS BEST CLOTHES," will be delivered by The Rev. SILAS K. HOCKING, of Southport, in the acme Church, On MONDAY EVENING. May 29th, at 7.30. Doors open at Seven o'clock. f_A_draission by ticket. Is. each, which may be obtained '"'"D ltTly of the Teachers or School Officers.

SALE BOTANICAL GARDENS. w )-lITSUNTIDD HOLIDAYS. Two Military BANDS for Dancing. ..3oats, Bowls. Sn3oting Galleries, Skittlea, Gymnasium, Fineat Ferneries in lin gland. Admission 6d. all day.

WILLIAMS AND CO.

THE NEW (TO ORDER ONLY) CASH TAILORS. WE ARE NOW SHOWING ALL NEW GOODS FOR SPRING AND SUMMER WEAR.

THE 50/- S. IN ALL THE NEW GREYS, SERGES, &C. SUIT.

THE 63/-

IN CASHMERE, LLAMA. SERGES rI IRE 30/- SPRING OVERCOAT. IN ALL SHADES.

IROUSEIIS 13/- AND 16/6 Sae our Windows this week at ROYAL EXCHANGE CORNER, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
WILL BUY or EXCHANGE Curios, Diamonds, Old Gold and Sliver; highest price.—JACKSON. Pawn- broker. 71. Oxford et.. Manchester.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTE.-W 1

GRADY'S

PARCELS PAID.

• THEATRE ROYAL AND OPERA HOUSE, ST. HELENS. Sole Proprietor and Manager (also Lessee of Theatre Royal Leicester) 'dr. WALLACE REV! LL. Acting Manager and Treasurer Mr. ARTHUR HORNER MONDAY. MAY 20Tn. FOR SIX NIGHTS ONLY MOST IMPORTANT VISIT OF J. W. TURNER AND HIS RENOWNED ENGLISH OPERA (201IPAN Y. FULL BAND AND CHORUS. MONDAY, MAY 29rn, MASCACIA I'S GREAT OPERA, CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA (RUSTIC CHIVALRY.) This Opera has created the most profound sensation through. Out Europe, and is the greatest success of modern times, TUESDAY, MAY 30TIL BELLINI'S FAMOUS OPERA, THE

SLEEP WALKER. WEDNESDAY. MAY 31sr. MASCAGNI'S GREAT OPERA, CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA. (RUSTIC CHIVALRY). THURSDAY, JUNE IST. DONIZETTI'S FAMOUS OPERA, BRIDE OF LAMMERMOOR. (OE. THE MASTER OF RAVENS WOOD). PRIDAY. JUNE 2m). BALFE'S OPERA, THE BOHEMIAN GIRL. SATURDAY, JUNE 3RD, WALLACE'S CHARMING OPERA MARITANA.

---- NOTlCE.—During the Visit of Mr. J. W. TURNER and his Grand English Op.-ra. Company, the PRICES OF ADMISSION will be from 7.15 o'clock (Saturday 6.45) : Private Boxes, £2 2s. and £1 10s. ; Dress Circle 35. ; Orches- tra Stalls, 2s. ; Upper Circle. is. 6d. ; Entire Pit, is. ; Amphitheatre, 93. ; Gallery, 6d. EARLY DOORS :—Open at 645, (Saturday 6.15 o'clock), 3d. extra to Gallery and Amplaitheatre, and 6d. extra to other parts of Theatre.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'fFl'l7sc.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
••,,„ 1 • - - - - • . • I - , . • • •

RICE ONE PENNY. Er POST 1..71d. per Quarter:6..6d. per Annum, In adVall4l. P 4 Is. Sd. per Quarter, credit.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
fht alitliti,s • 4- ti 1!" 1 ...ittelt

SATURDAY, MAY 27, 1893.

IPotelo.

LICENSED FOR THE SALE OF METHYL ITED SPIRITS AND BENZOLINS. ACIENT for SEQUAH'S REMEDIES.

THE EXORS. OF THE LATE ISAAC SPEAKMAN cluntisT BY EXAMINATION, 131:IDG1-ST.. PHARMACY

27. BRIDGE-ST 4 RUNCORN, PATENT MEDICINES (with a few exceptions) AT RE- DUCED PRICES, Viz. 2s 9d for2s 3.1. 2s 6d for 2s Id, 18 lid for lOd. 65. Nelson's Gelatine 3 for llid, Is. Neaye's food 8,1 per tin, /Sc., ,te. SPRATT'S DOG BISCUITS 183 6.1 per 1121b5 or 121bs for 28 3d, Calabar Dog Bistuit, 12s 6.1 per cwt. CHEAPEST HOUSE FOR HOUSEHOLD SOAPS. Pears' soap 3 for 105 ; Hazlehurst's "Sun," 3 tablets for 51c1; Sunlight, 3 in box 70. Brockes Monkey Soap, 30 per lb. Homcepathic Medicines 65 bottle, 55; Vichy Waters, 365 per case, 50.—Best and Cheapest House for White Lead, TUT pentine, Varnish, Oil. Brushes, ezo. Send for prices. Whole sale Dealer in Petroleum Oil, Hudson's Dry Soap, &c. Aspinall's Enamel Paint. Cooper's Sheep Dip, lte per dos

WE ARE THE ONLY MAKERS OF LAWN MOWERS appointed by Royal Warrant Makers to lI.M. the Queen and His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. GREEN'S PAT ENT " SILENS M ESSOR " LAWN MOWERS, WITH IMPROVED WHEELS AND SOLID-LINK STEEL CHAINS, AND NEW MONARCH. Take the lead of all others, and are the first, foremost, and best in the wor.d. They have stood the test for upwards of thirty years. and have carried off EVERY HIGHEST PRIZE which has been given in all cases of competition. They are in constmt use in all the Royal Gardens. They will cut either short or long grass, bents. Sze., wet or Jry. EVERY ONE SENT OUT IS GUARANTEED • to give entire satisfaction. Otherwise It may be returned at once Free of COST to the PURCHASER. They can be had of all respectable Ironmongers and Seedsmen 1 in the United Kingdom,ordirectfrom the Manufacturers, :THOMAS GREEN & SON, LIMITED, SMITHFIELD IRONWORKS, LEEDS,

and SURREY WORKS, BLACK FRIARS ROAD, LONDON S.R. Carriage Paid to ail the Principal Railway Stations in the United Kingd Illustrated Price Li sts,wi thTestimonials, Free on Application. Beware of deceptive imitations.

N.B.—Espairs promptly done at both our Establishments, for the trade as well as others.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITSUNTIDB, 1E93.

E. AND A. EUS TANCE (LATE EDWARD EU/STANCE). WATCH AND CLOCK MAKERS, GOLDSMITHS. SILVERSMITHS AND JEWELLERS. Respectfully invite inspection of their urge and valuable Stock of Season Novelties. ALL THE LATEST DESIGNS IN

GOLD 13ROOCHES. GOLD BRACELETS, SIGNET RINGS, KEEPER RINGS. GEL ENGAGEMENT RINGS, DIAMOND RINGS, GOLD ALBERTS & GUARDS, LADIES' GOLD ALBERTS & PENDANTS..tc.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES

AT PRICES WHICH DEFY COMPETITION. SPECIALITIES'. GENTS' Extra Strong SILVER LEVER WATCHES,

305., elOs„ 505., 635.. Ess., ICOs. EACH WATCH GUARANTEED FIVE YEARS. pRICES.—AII Articles are marked in plain figures at the lovrat possible competitive prices.

YLNIBE NOTE £EDRES.9.

rp 11IE ILLUMINATED CLOCK,

43. BANKEY•STREET, (near corner of Bold-street), WARRINGTON. Established 1864.

TRADE MARK.

" TEW-ITT" ALES G. m E -IT T " ALES

XIX. AND STOUT

SPEClAL • BITTER

SPECIAL STOUT

MILD ALE XX. ALE .......... 12s. 6D. PED 18 GALLS. These Beers can be had in 4. 9, 18, and 36 Gallon Casks, at the above rates.

RICHARD F ORSHAW COLLINS GREEN BREWERY. NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS.

R.

CLAMP AND SON,

===== 0002601_18930527_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
MAN UF ACTITRERS OF

TRAVELLING REQUISITES.

GLADSToNE BAG (Cow HIDE) from LADIES' DIMS BASKETS 39, DALE-ST., AED 8, PARKER-ST LIVERPOOL.

UNS WORTH'S SPRING S II 0 W. TAILORIN G. IMMENSE DISPLAY Of IICROICS SUITINGS, TROUSERINGS, AID COVERT COATINGS. BUT GOODS, LOWEST PRICES.

HATS AND CAPS, TWEED CAPS. caousTrs AND BEST HAKIM BOYS AND GIRLS' CAPS. ALL NEW GOODS AT LOWEST PRICES. OUTFITTING. PRINT SHIRTS, WHITE emirs, HOSIERY. AAAAA 111 AND HIST MAIM). TIES. CLOTHS, NEWEST GOODS, LOWEST PRICES. UNSWORTR BROS.

701 TWIN'S/ TIARS NAIIII INOWN Al TIN LEADIN4 ROUSE FOll BUT GOOD, AT LOWEST PRICES. 14, it, 47, 41, lIIGLISIIIIII, 1117100111.

%;

VA2 II 'IL FL Ll I Chemists : ls. zAa. • '..k47r•Vr"l"" y; , 14,'..7 • 1 ..w • 1 •

===== 0002601_18930527_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
Jlausirai En6trumtntg.

CAPITAL Two-manual ORGAN; fine rich tone, splendid plicb pine case.—ALEX. Youroa & Scots. ;nova builders, Eldon-et.. Idancbeoter.

J. W. TEMPERLRY, MUSIC SELLER, 31, LOWLAND'S ROAD. RUNCORN. PIANOS, ORGANS, VIOLINS, &c. Tuning and Repairs. AU kinds of Fittings in Stock. Arrangements made for First-Class Orchestral Rand and Pianists. PIANOS on HIRE and on HIRE-PURCHASII.

- by Seodard Full Compass Iron Frame Rosewood, by Kirkmnn l6gs. Full Compass Iron Frame Black and Gold, by Brlnsmead I Full Compass Iron Frame Itosowood, by Broadwned Full Compass Iron Frame Rosewood, by Collard and Col lard Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut. by J. and 3 Hopkinson Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut, overstrung, by Brard 24ge. Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut, overstrung, Neumeyer Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut, by Bord, of Paris Large Cbancel Organ, 0 sets. 18 stops,2 swells, cost 50gs 15g, Piano and Organ buyers should not miss this rare opportunity,

PADEREWSKI says: "Play only on an Erard wherever obWnable.

ERARD.

Makers to the queen, 18, Great Marlborough-et.. H.gent-q.

pADEREWSKI nays " Play only on an Erard wherever obtainable. ERARD. New Parieian Models now being exhibited'

' wherever °Mai nab/e. pADEJtEWSILI says " Piny only on an Erard

_ ERARD.

- - The remainder ot the Eng- lish Models at Great Reductions.

13PADMIEWSE.l. sayb : ::1-41-;07 only on an Erard wherever obtainable. S. and P. HUARD. MAKERS to the OtOCHH and HOYAL FAMILY. 18. GREAT MARLBOHOUGLI-ST.. REUENT-ST., vv.

HOME MADE MARMALADE. A DELICACY IN EVERY HOLTSRLIOLD.

COLLINGE'S SEVILLE ORANGE MARMALADE.

SOLD BY ALL GROCEBS.-NVORKS: EAIILBSTOWN.

G_RE Al CLEARANCE SALE of 200 PIANOS and 5) ORGANS at. 50 per cent. BELOW COST at T. PARRY'S 18 to 24 DOWNING-ST., MANCHESTER. CABINET PIANO, in mahogany case, six octaves EI 2 Walnut Upright GRAND PIANO, by Collard 2 2 Rosewood Upright GRAND PIANO, by Collard Mahogany Upright GRAND PIANO, by Kirkman 6 0 Rosewood SEMI-GRAND PIANO, by Kirkman ..... Black and Gold COTTAGE PIANO. by Dallman 8 15 Rosewood COTTAGE PIANO, by Stedard 9 0 Overstrung PIANO, full trichord, extended ends au' under dampers Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut COTTAGE PIANO, ._

I

. . ,

WWI

I

===== 0002601_18930527_art0012.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'l7

===== 0002601_18930527_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
74710.75-.q7 , .

publfration6.

Obipping 3otitts.

E MIGRATION.

_ TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD. Intending emigrants to New York, Boaton, Philadelphia, Saa Fransisco, Canada, China, Japan, Australia, or New Zealand, should take tickets (lowest rates) at the "Examiner " Office, Warrington, by GUION. AMERICAN, AUSTRA- LIAN, ORIENTAL, and other lines. JOHN WALKER, • AGENT, ..Exemlsnit" OFFICE ERWSEY-ET.. WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
:

$.7• ./, •,,...:1 ' :,1 T. I

===== 0002601_18930527_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
SELECTED READINGS.

Or WOMEN SCOTS IND ENG-ram—The English- woman is wanting in physical and mental angles. She fulfils (in a Swinburnian sense of the word) her raiment, and she has the comeliness of a good digestion and an easy mind. The nature of the land that gave her being—its rich pastures, its fertile spread of tilth, its centuries of prosperous s--- peace—is innate in and impressed upon lam Her • Ithersio#, so fat as . alas has any, is optimistic and material.-rfitie •Toveat itt• an • easy, good-tempered, respectful way the duties of life, and in eld she • may well turn either Nick:eby or Gamp. Her voice is soft and pleasing to the ear; she talks with fluency, and with little difficulty of expression has Belden), apything ,to. -pay. She has no ideas and not many different- words; but her presentation of both is -endless,- as if the action gave her ininitetploasure.- Her mind, in short, is naked and not ashamed. She is not given to introspec- tion. She is not shy, nor is she impudent. She is honest, ylemant, wholesome, fond of sentimental fiction, the' verse of Weatherly and Sirs, the minstrelsy of Maybrick, and the burnt-cork melo- dists who never perform out of London, the art of Millais and the Christmas number generally. Physically and mentally the Scotswoman is more addicted to angles than her- southern sister. She Is not so comely; very often she is not comely at all. A gloomy'', sky and a still gloomier theology have statalsed• their mark on her, body and soul. Her high cheek bones are one result of many centuries of east wind, and the lines about her • mouth of a period less prolonged but more acute of John Knox. She is somewhat shy and reserved and awkward, speaks little, thinks much, and is com- paratively wanting in grace of manner. The Scotswoman is strong in mind and body, is truly - self-reliant, is welTilttcd to cope with adverse cir- cumstances—in a word, is really mistress of her fate. She is less neat and winning than trustworthy and capable. Her largeness and strength are not without a certain dignity. She shows to best advantage in the heroic moments of life, with whose petty and trivial worries her angularity refuses reconcilement. Exertion and the adversity of work are necessaries of life to her. The great increase of wealth in Scotland during the present century has shut out the female members of many districts from the need of tail; and the change has been by no means an unmixed good, for they have less to do than will keep them in perfect health. Although as regards looks the average Scotswoman is not equal to the average Englishwoman, yet are there faces in the north of higher and more spiritual type than any- thing you find across the Border. Indeed, the social averages are like the elimates ; the run in England is better, but in Scotland there are such days of brilliant light and exquisite shade and heartening and exhilarating air as England never knew. Also, in matters intellectual, the palm is with the north; and this is due a little to the scenery—for the Scots landscape, always touched by the inspiration of the mcnntain Air, is often rugged and is never common-place—and something

, to the Shorter C ltechism, which is an admirable training in logic, induces hhit of exact thinking, and is a complete systeal ut philosophy. The Scots 058erver. • A DROLL IDEA.—A correspondent has taken up the droll idea of there being a pleasure in tbe want of a character, or, more properly speaking, in being unknown. He is glad that he has no character to support—that nobody knows him. Hear how this happy fellow congratulates himself on his poverty —the blessed obscurity of his condition "I have just been thinking what a privilege it is to be poor and unknown, and what a blessing it is to be without a character. Nine-tenths of my enjoyments are such as are not attained by the wealthy or great. They are such as are not permitted to those who have character and reputation and station to sustain. The great pass through life on a high horse. They sit erect. Theft heads are elevated, and they move-.prondly on to their graves, without knowing' wr feeling a thousandth part of the beaut,es of the world i±i which they live. I, on the other band, with my characterless, poverty-stricken brethren, make the journey of life on foot. We

hasten not on our way ; we take it easy; we cull - - the flowers which grow along our paths; we avoid the thorns which obstruct them; aud when we come to a sunny or a pleasant spot, we sit down and enjoy its beauties, and take the refreshment and rest that our necessities may require. My occupations and amusements are such its the man of character and the proud man know not. They are engrossed with themselves, and see not and care not what

the world is doing further than it affects their Immediate, interests. Their natural ta sts are curbed, their impulses are restrained, and their feelings are concealed. Their whole life is a mask. They are ' star' actors on the world's stage, while we poor, unwashed gentlemen are tEe 'supernumeraries.' They have an arduous and difficult character to sustahr ;' while we have only Ici, 'hear their ranting, sing chorous M,thcir so,crack a joke, and have a little fun ambrigrititletv'ect" A SAFE noflt— btl ...pt obe an expen- , sive palfrey. It sometimes ceArsviles of money to groom and run it, and it seldom was purses and cups enough to pay for its keew arid entrance fees. Nevertheless, us man,. in the abkn-ce of some special object.to engage his 4/slights; is almost lure to get Into mischie; it,is htaj. fr liim,tapish ahead on any sort of a ,licibby that..i., not -vicious, than to Image tlarougb Ufe In it'-;bripshod, desultory way, ' -wittiont'cleficite alrn ofl-putose. 'Np matter what other praiietvort,hy,,hobbiesa in,An May have, he should make coWcienct the prftrae favourite of his • Moral stud., That is a hobby Chats is always safe. Give it the rein freely, never cart) or: check it, go with it in whatsoever .direction its divine instinct would guide you, and Over every "hill of difficulty," through every "sfeugt Of &spend," it shall take you safely to Me:, gliithow house "—which shall seem to he as the "House Beautiful "—at your

QQ6TERB. Every Alui"4"r7RVii has a turn for t* usettt' and. . - - -

. - nocturnal inu4c, makes itself beard to some purpose eV hot July Eights., I.ike so many t Indians at this stake, they sing their triumphant

death-songs, some tunefully, some harshly, but all •earnestly.- -The woods and fields, after dark, are almost as noisy as the lawn. • But the pounds of the pastoral night are pleasanter to the ear than those that startle the sober, citizen from his slumbers. The unseen minstrels prod-lane their music in many ways, and pitbli it in iifiticitordint keys, and yet their blendedong soothes to senses like a lullaby. Bat some tinie in 2rottinl)erf, JaCk'Frost Will finally close the season; and- in the meantime there will be a few "off-nights," of which due intimation will • be given by the thesraotneter. Asraitalltte s--,Aspatagos: way, be. found growing --- wild ca. the sea coast, whilst on the far-distant :steppes of Russia and PolanOltfice4risises as rankly as grass, and affords, fhod for thd:horaes and dattle. .. It was a favouiite dish :with the Romans, and F, :1 appears to have bees carefallycultivated by them; as the learnell; alliWnfornis us that about Ravenna .% I • • a - three shots pound; Cate also eulogises a: : thit+ deliagns emairont, It hasb.cPii imp-4 an agree- • able-and easactotur, remedy for rheumatic gout. , Abercrombie est' 'Mateo': that flee • square poles of land planted Witt' I'Eoo'lollefd from six to eight' ware heads daii3=aliiisrstal"koP• being estimated to • Last,. in full ku y. fro= .10. to I`2.ears. A.paragus ••br, ninchL ettit isated-f by-niers-et t gardeners, more ' espectallY'in thelvieleity of'Sfortlatte, where acres Of.land. maybe o*Oo tawta, vo it At Deptford,. also...these ere,vevertsl.asesiagnA.. plantations; one ••mdeaes,has upwards of 80 acres of it under cultiva- t, pt• elq:

=.

8.

ALL .jeslotriy.,Euspiatortar4 selfish sensitiveness are fatal to frtendsiiip—The man who is looking for slights will 'auttay'fbilol drfaneythem; and by •..„Us,want-o4 Utt3tv:VM, Ipycitpe heart of his friend ,el,fl: az; from .him. 14: 1,044004 confe'4Wm of selfish fl itn•weeknesa whew one Astnentamthat be fa cet loved

or prized asibei.deshoes to be.

Let him dismiss

mud; unworthy reflections, and inquire instead Gerbethetl be ler Aladfillo*lng,. devoted and genetotis Trietd that he wishes another to, be to • , one period of life at which overwork is i'eptite tie,bery.disaStious=liairnely, between the ages titelVei'lind sixteen. During_ this period, rapi4 mehttilittiCthSlioil development 63 taking place. and giiittiet6ht is thrown upon every part of the • oorgetnienti, bq is obangingi into the -roan, the gitilletolhe'Woman. _Thero_is certainly no period 4e! ,in. the life of. any individual so fateful as this in its ackwD,,i.r. • infinein* ont.hitt Or her future career.

,81

Fv.r.

iurx

bua.lT

PAINKILLER Get %bottled:Way of PVAttitktrlff lunkr Acts directly on the seat of Pain. Cures Colds,Cougha.Head• acne, Cramp and Pzin in the Stomach; Colic, Dlsrrha, Ctmers, azo. hot 1 by all Chen:data at I,lland 29. Avoid ail Imitations under Plifissldina names. , 'YAM 'MILER

CARTEI'S LITTLE EIVER Small Pill , Small 441 411111; Dose •••Al, ivrß §rnall ,F 1 Priee Forty in a Vial Sugar Coated Purely Vegetable Care Torpid Liver Without afl Cbeausts Ts.

BEAUTILIt TEETH eiserd by CI, timely mv, of that delicate amoiagic tooth-wash, , ragrant . •SOZODONT iylech wilt speedily, arrest the progress el decay.harden the gUrnS. and impart i delightfo/ 4tagranna Methe breath,: All Chemists sell it. a

===== 0002601_18930527_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Mtni=ol

===== 0002601_18930527_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. SATURDAY, MAY 27, 1893.

" CAPITA.L" CHAT. , , LADIES' LETTER _ Madame Patey has, it is said, requested • Mr. Vert, her agent, not to accept any fur% enter - i pr DEAREST NELLIE, ments on her behalf after next month an .1 is ; ' glance at the'postpmes of those ladies % generally understood that this step 's sit 'ny rte 1„. ivd4he fashionahle • uarters kif London nt preliminary to the retirement oft di ' did 4 , 't thi season has 'ç enced wiliprove that ' 4 kt contralto from public life. That a er it I ng, 6n. ''VfiSO skirt and the shor 4iitsted bolllC'e ourable,and doubtless renumerative caper,during at i revers or Victorian pelerine, are all but ir. ....daif least a) years of which she was our leading English . although a few women noted for their stylish contralto,the popular vocalist should desire to be re- toilettes affect the very short slightly-pointed lieved of the hard work absolutely necessary for a )basque in preference to a quite round waist. A prominent concert singer to undertake,of constantly 'good example of one of the styles most prevalent travelling in the provinces, often during the incle- Its seen in a shot green and fawn crepon, made merit winter season, may readily be imagined. But I with a double skirt, each of the two deep flqunces, that Madame Patey will, without a formal farewell lof which it is composed being edged with a very! and possibly a final tour of the provinces,take leave I narrow band of green velvet headed by a tiny of her numerous admirers is, we should imagine, 'beaded trimming. The bodice has double revers.. unlikely. The under ones, of velvet, are wide enough to i touch the sleeves, while the outer ones, which are; iof crepon bordered with velvet and beaded galon, are much narrower. There are, however, several new methods of cutting skirts, although the effect when finished' is apparently the same. Some are shaped on the principle of the circular cape—that is to say, with; 3ust a hole in the centre, of an enormously wide' round of cloth, for the waist. Another and far prettier style for thin material is that of using only two widths of double-width stuff. The front seam is straight, and the back a good deal gored. The extra fulness is gathered lightly in to the waistband all round, the greater part, of course, to the back. The fashion is most suitable for crepons, zephyrs, grenadines, and such thin mate- rials as are worn over an underskirt fitted tightly round the hips.

r ,he tow the with huge tniversal •

'ii

Meanwhile, it may be of interest to point out that Madame Patey, who is 51 years of age, is still in the prime of life, and that her magnificent voice is very little affected by many years of constant use in public. Janet Monarch Whytock was born on May 1, 1842,in London, but a few doors, as we have been told, from "Dolby's Chop House, where her great predecessor, Madame Sainton, 21 years previously, first saw the light. She was a pupil of Signor Pinsuti and of Mrs. Sims Reeves. She made her dant as a child at the Town Hall, Birmingham,and she first had her chance when, as a member of Mr. Henry Leslie's once celebrated choir, she was in- vited from the ranks of the chorus to replace an artist who was indisposed. In 1866,the year of her marriage to Mr. J. G. Patey, Miss Whytock first sang at the Three Choirs Festivals, and in 1670, on the retirement of Madame Sainton Dolby, she be- came nemine contradicente our leading concert contralto. In 1871 she toured with Mr. Santley and other British artists in the United States ; four years later she was invited by M. Lamoureux to sing the contralto part in the revival—which French musicans accepted in the spiritof interested curiosity—of Handel's " Messiah " in Paris; and only a year or so since she returned from a succes- ful tour in the Antipodes.

One of the most startling passages of Mr.:Glad- stone's speech on the second reading of tho Home Rule Bill was his quotation from a letter of the lion. J. E. Fitzgerald, Auditor-General of New Zea- land. Mr. Fitzgerald now in his seventy-sixth year, is the president of the Public Service Associa- tion of New Zealand, and at the last meeting of that body he intimated his intention of resigning on an early day and retiring into private life. The an- nouncement was received with general expressions of regiet. Mr. Fitzgerald comes next to Sir George Grey in widespread popularity throughout New Zealand. He was for years the most accomplished orator of the colony, and was on the high road to the Premiership when he politically effaced himself by accepting the Auditor Generalship. He was a close friend of Mr. Gladstone in 1842, and was on the staff of the British Museum when he resolved to join the first-batch of " Canterbury Pilgrims to New Zealand.

This seasons bonnet's are almost totally different in shape to those worn last Season—a change ap- parently necessitated by the fashion of hairdress- ing. With the high coils and Grecian knot there was only room for a strip of bonnet, but the low chignon leaves a bare expanse of smooth hair between it and the curled frip4e, and the bonnet has expanded to Ztlie-rfre-deffcienck. Amongst the many and varied shapes of hat one with a black chip brim, a crown of cream Tuscan, and trimmed at one side with an accordion-pleated bow of lace, and a bunch of many-coloured ane- mones, has a very pretty effect. Many of the wide straw hats are lined with velvet, or velvet hats covered perfectly fiat are frequently made in two colours—black for the outside, and coloured velvet inside the brim. Amongst the new straws some have two or three rows of colour inserted, others show lines of coloured straw at the edge of the brim, and with some the .crown is of one colour, the brim contrasts, and for this style a light- coloured velvet to match the crown is used for lining the brim. One of the prettiest garden party toilettes which I have seen amongst this season's Paris fashions is one having a draped bodice, with small lapels in cardinal-red satin, enhanced with white guipure, which veils the neckband, and stripes the puffed sleeves to the elbow. Black silk net covers the skirt, and insertions of the lower part of the sleeves, which are divided with satin rouleaux, as well as those at the foot, further finished off with plain box-pleated niches. The fronts of the Belero vest and the connecting bow are also in the diaphanous inateriAl, piped with satin.

Miss Ethel Rutland, the violinist has found the royal road to success, though her success is no greater than her deserts. klowever, she has the rare advantage of being a favourite with the Queen at whose command she has often played at Osborne. Miss Rutland is the daughter of Mr. Frederick Rut- land,"whose reputation as a teacher of music lies extended beyond Cowes, where he resides. His daughter has performed in duets with the Queen, apd has frequently taken part in a triolii which Princess Beatrice played the piano and Prince Henry of Battenberg the 'cello. A younger sister of the violinist, Mies Mabel Rutland; also inherits the family talent, and has a growing reputation as a pianist.

The late Earl 0 'Derby left a net personal estate of £1,802,000. Lord Overstone, whose , death made Lord Wantage one of the richest melt in England, left rather more than this, and so did Lord Wolver- ton, who died six years ago. The other peers whose personal estate exceeded a million were the gccen- tric Earl Dysart, the recluse Duke of Portland, the last Duke of Cleveland, the Earl of Dudley, and the late Lord Digby.

Nfr. Bellamy's Ode to Labor, to be performed at the opening of the National Workmen's Exhibition, is set to music composed by the late Dr. Sebastian Wesley, who died in 1876, and will be played on the new organ by his brother, Mr. Robert Glenn Wesley, now the organist at Wesley Chapel in the City-rd. Both these musicians are the sons of S..muel Wes- ley, jun., and the grandsons of Charles W t.sley, the hymn-writer. Charles Wesley had two sons, Charles and Samuel, and both of them were in their time ! famous organists. The elder of these bi others—the I elder of the two musicians whose names are assoc- iated-with the Ode to Labor, was an infant prodigy who played the harpsichord before lie was three years old, and gave with his brother private sub- scription concerts which were. attended by the wit and beauty of Georgian society. He later on ' becathe possessed of Handel's own harpsichord,and I on this and other instruments he frequently played !to George 111. and Princess Charlotte. He was offered the post of organist at St. George's Chapel, Windsor, but declined it at the wish of his father, who feared the temptations of Court life would be too severe.

The Marquess and Marchioness of Salisbury are not the only distinguished personages who are spending Whitsuntide in Ireland. The Duke and Duchess of Devonshire are at Lismore Castle, his grace's seat in the county II aterford. Mr. John Morley returned to Dublin last Wednesday, two days before the adjournment of the House of Com- mons for the recess. He is staying at Breslin's Marine Hotel, Bray, within easy reach of Dublin Castle, where he transacts ousiness every day.. Sir John Hibbert, .M.P., the Financial 'Secretary. to the Treasury, has likewise gone to Dublin. Lord Rowton, so well known when Lord Beaconsfield's secretary as " Monty Corry "; Mr.. Lucy, the far-famed "Toby, M.P., "of" Punch's" "Essence of Parliament"; and the Paris corres- pondero., ,of the" Daily News " are all 'spending Whitsuntide in Ireland.

An elegant tea gown, was made of turquoise Surah, with three cross-cut frills around the skirt. The sleeves were full to the elbow only. Flounce of lace formed a basque, and there was also a double cape. The front was open, and orna• mented with bows of satin ribbon and bands of the lace.

Skirts that require lengthening when they are altered can be added to at the bottom, and the fact of such addition is hidden by bands or tucks of the material, or of a contrasting odour in velvet. According to an American paper the New York dressmakers are adding a yoke of velvet to such gowns, and putting the skirt on to it with a stand- up ruffle. This yoke is long enough to come over the hips. A very pretty addition to some of the new bodices is a narrow-pleated frill of satin ribbon placed round the edge of the bodice; the ribbon is about 3M. in width. Tucks of black satin are also put on over the hips, the highest about 4in. and the lowest about Din. below the waist. In this case there are no trimmings of any kind on the edge of the skirt.

Miss Olive Schreiner, the writer of" Life on an African Farm." has just arrived in this country from the Cape. She is a young lady still well under thirty i with rich clustering brown hair, and dark eyes and well chiselled features. She is low-sized and of very pale complexion. Miss Schreiner was born at the Cape. Her father was a German mis- sionary, and her mother who is still living, was an English lady, whose maiden name was Tindell—the nime of the principal character in the " African Farm." Miss Schreiner'd brother, Mr. William Schreiner, has just been appointed Attorney-Gen- eral at the Cape. Her elder sister is a zealous and eloquent advocate of the temperance cause in South lAfrica, and attracts enormous audiences to her lectures.

Miss Schreiner's, house is in a little settlement called Matiistontein, in the Karoo desert about one hundred and fifty miles from Cape Town. It is , named Schreiner House and consists of a sitting- room, a bedroom, and a pantry. Miss Schreiner is ot an asthmatic tendency, and finds the pure brac- ing air of the desert very beneficial to her health, and the solitude suitable for study and writing. She is a famoue horsewoman, and at the conclusion of her work, to which the morning is devoted, takes a brisk ride on her fast-trotting Cape pony. She is very foud of animals, and is always accompanied by a terrier called" Dick." "1 have chosen Dick;' , she will say with a pleasant smile, " for his ugliness. He is so ugly no one will take him from me." Miss Schreiner is a very keen politician, and is an en- thusiastic Rome Ruler. When in England a few years ago she silts frequently in the Ladies' Gallery in the House ot Commons. She has been heard to say that she could never understand the fascina- tion Mr. Gladstone exercised over the mind and heart until she had seen and heard him.

I wonder how many people would guess that the Queen does not spend more than ten pounds a year on gloves. She is " careful " with all her wearing apparel, and often wears a dress till it is quite " shiny ;" but in the matter of gloves it would be really difficult for her to be otherwise than econo- mical. She is so seldom in town that her stock of gloves mostly consists of those which ladies usually' wear for driving in the country, and which are con- sequently inexpensive.

CADBURY'S COCOA IS absolutety pure.—The pnblio Ana lysts have submitted CADBURY'S COCOA to close tests and the result has always proved its great value as a sustain lug ami nourishing beverage.--Advt.

The opening of the Chicago World's Fair 011 Sundays was postponed for another week, opposition to the pro- posal having been so strongly manifested.

THROAT IRRITATION AND COUGH. —Soreness and dryness, tickling and irritation, in,lucing cough and affecting the voice. For these symptoms use Epps s Glycerine Jujubes. In contact with the glands at the moment they are excited by the act of sucking, the Glycerine in these agreeable con- fections becomes actively healing. Sold only IA boxes, 70.. tins Is. lid.' labelled 'JAMES EPPS IL Co.. Homceopathic Chemists, London." Dr. Moore, in his work on "Nose and Throat Diseases," says: "The Glycerine Jujubes prepared by James Epps and Co., are of undoubted service as a curative or palliative agent," while Dr. Gordon Holmes Senior Physician to the Municipal Throat and Ear Inlirrnary, I Writes: "After an extended trial, I have found your Gly- cerine Jujubes of considerable benefit in almost all forms of throat disesse."—Adrt. , •

thicken it with two tablespoonfuls of flour, and strain it through a puree sieve. Servo it with a cupful of fried croutons in the tureen. . Ohl Celery Salad. • Cut up celery into small pieces until there is a pint. Put in a cool place and serve with boned dressing made as follows :—One tablespoonful of salt,one tablespoonful of sugar, two tablespoonsful salad oil,two talslespoonsful mustard, three eggs, one cup of milk, one cup of vine- gar. Mix the salt, sugar, and mustard together. Add to them the eggs, well beaten, then the vinegar, and, after stirring well the milk, cook in a double boiler for 20 minutes, or thick as custard. This dress- ing, if bottled, will keep for a week or more in a cool place, and will many times take the place of the expen- sive and tedious mayonnaise.

. . . . 17 ,e ; ,1 I , if -. ',....,\ 1 % ----z ; :., 0% . i (~,-`,.N‘i JA _.: , •,x,A,---tr,, 7 '- . '(- . '; ' . - `. .: 4..-. ,„„ A*. citter,-.. -..,-,:',A 1 -..-.-., ...i't,r.,' .., ''''' ' , -it‘l' . i%` .2,-/". ', 0.• er__...,'--- 1-. . '.*.e. -.-..'"''• . • - - . _ . . 7 - c , ' ... ' . I i

;"L;','-•:°. --"11 ..ki ~....:. . k ' Milk .. :-• ;. 4. • U) , • . ,p• .... 14 c IA, 7' ,-,:i 3 ( -,-'-'l.'‘"-74(fil- , ~,,i,.. , \ f \,l Ati 4 el, .f• \ V ' td 11l ‘• 1 ..'?' ' \ , , '‘',. 10. ‘*) • .4i‘, V \ . ..V, r I/ ' L . '`‘,* •1 ,_

4.7 o,,,'*\'4,- • ~ ...••• •. I*9 4 le*,4lliii / 11 . 1 1t i , s. 1 ' Ilt \ \ i ''. ' . . 4

===== 0002601_18930527_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
Yours sincerely, •Jurruts.

A Vegetable Soup. A vegetable soup with tomatoes as a foundation is both excellent and wholesome. (lein one leek, two carrots, and a small turnip, and cut them in bits. Put them over the fire in a quart of cold water, with half a sliced onion, two sprigs of parsley, two of celery and a half clove of garlic, if convenient. _ Let the vegetables simmer forme hour, then add a tin of tomatoes, or a quart of fresh tomatoes, and butter the size of an egg. Let the soup cook at least two hours longer ; then

===== 0002601_18930527_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'?

===== 0002601_18930527_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
Lentil Cakes.

_ Ingredients—lb. flour, 2 ounces butter, a pinch of salt (or more if preferred), ilb. cooked lentils and vege- tables mixed, frying oil,halt teaspoonful baking powder. Mode —Mix the flour, butter, salt, and baking-powder well together, then work in the lentils and vegetables, which should have been previously minced. Mix all thoroughly, and roll out about half-an-inch thick stamp into rounds with a pastry cutter or any fancy shape,and fry in boiling oil until quite brown. This is a very good way of using up lentils and vegetables which have been used for making gravy. These cakes .sre specially re- commended to travellers.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
A Dv In Bed.

A French mother has hit upon a plan to preserve the health and beauty of her daughter, and has given it to her friends with the strength of her endorsement as to its efficacy. She declares that " the young lady went to a ball six days a week, but on Sundays stayed in bed, rising only for five o'clock tea and retiring again at an early hour. The result of this system was very happy. When the time came for going to the seaside, she was the only one of her companions who did not need its benefits. She was like a country girl, as fresh as a rose." This experiment, by the way, has been tried elsewhere, but not in the unchristian Gallic manner, and has been found efficacious. Two sisters, with arduous household duties, made a practice of spending one day each week— say Tuesday or Thursday—in bed, with the result that they were never ill, and for that matter never tired— never required a vacation or a change ef air. The sug- gestion, therefore, is not a new one, but it is at all times worth considering.

Why Milk Should be Boiled. The question of the habitual use of uncooked milk which prevails in this kingdom is, says an old number of the Lancet, one which demands serious attention. Again and again have milk epidemics of typhoid fever, scarlet fever, and diphtheria shown conclusively how severely the incidence of the disease in question has been felt upon those using uncooked milk, as opposed to those taking milk only after it has been boiled or other- wise cooked. At one time it was thought that the mat- ter involved only the question of cleanliness of the dairy, and the freedom of those engaged in its management from communicable disease ; and the mere fact of milk coming from country dairies has been held to be a suffi- cient guarantee of its wholesomeness. As a matter of fact our experience goes to show that the danger is at its greatest, according as dairies are situated in the mere remote and rural localities ; for it is precisely in scat- tered rural areas thst first cases of ill-defined sore throat and other affection in the families of those hav- ing to do with cows and milk are most likely to pass unnoticed. But experience has shown that disease in the human subject, whether unrecognised or concealed, is not the only—perhaps not the greatest—danger that has to be contended with in connection with our milk services. It has now been shown that the cow herself may suffer from a disease which at present is rarely, if ever, regarded as of any importance by dairymen, and which may give to the milk, at the actual moment of entering the pail, the power of producing scarlet fever in those who consume it in its raw state. Just as the excellent arrangements which have been made for the medical supervision of dairies must at times fail in cer- tain cases to prevent scarlatina producing milk from being despatched from the dairy. We would, therefore, urge once again the importance of using milk only after it has been boiled or otherwise cooked. And for those who have not habituated themselves to the somewhat altered taste of boiled milk as a beverage, we may note that if milk be boiled immediately after its delivery by the milkman, and be then Set aside in a cool place for some six hours, the taste which is sometimes objected to will be found to be almost entirely removed ; and not only so, but milk so treated keeps good and wholesome for a longer period than does unbolted milk.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
SOME BIG CREATU RES.

The biggest fish is no doubt a shark, though I should not like to take the responsibility of saying which. The basking-shark and several other species attain a length of 40 feet ; the Rhinodon of the Indian Ocean grows to over 50. But the Challenger dredged up from the bottom of the sea, at a great depth, shark's teeth which were five inches long by four broad ; and if the owner of these bore the same proportion to his teeth as do those that are known, he must have been as big as the biggest whale.

Contrast with this the" mackerel midge," about one and one-quarter inch long when full grown. The sturgeon occasionally runs to 27 feet, with a weight cf 3,0001b5. •

Among invertebrates the biggeat of all are the terrible cuttle-fish or Equids, of winch small specimens are seen in aquariums under the name octopus. . .

But what would you say to such monsters as have been captured or cast ashore at Newfoundland, with bodies as big as those ot hippopotami, huge, horny, parrot-like beaks, tentacles 40 or 50 feet loin, and stud- ded all over with powerful suckers, weighing something like four tons ?

The biggest crab—in fact, the biggest of all the crus- taceans—is 011i3 which is caught off the coast of Japan. His scientific title is" Inachus kvempferi." Inachus has a claw four feet long (fancy that for supper—four feet of solid indigestion) ; the other legs are proportionately long ; so that it covers altogether about 25 square feet of ground. Other crabs, like the " Porcellandee," measure scarcely more than a quarter sf an inch in the diameter of their shell when full grown. Crabs present a curious exception to a general rule. Most of them got bigger in cold regions than they do in warmer seas. This is very noticeable with some European species which are widely distributed, much finer specimens being obtained around the Orkneys than are found in the Mediterranean. The biggest shell is the tradaena of the Indian Ocean, seen often enough serving some ornamental purpose, such as forming the basin at a gar- den fountain.

I think the great hairy, venomous spider which the London Zoological Society named after me, must be the biggest of its race. I brought home the first speci- men seen in Europe and sent it to the Zoo, where he created an immense sensation. _

Then, when the popular interest began to flag a little, this public-spirited spider revived it by shedding his skin in a most wonderful manner, like a snake, so that the cast off slough presented a perfect model of himself, down to every hair—in fact, when the keeper saw it in the case one morning bethought it was the spider him- self dead. And they examined the skin a long time before they found how he got out of it, it was so com- plete and unbroken, A sort of flap could be lifted up at the fore part underneath ; through this opening he must have put his legs out one by one, lifting and with- drawing them from their trousers, and then have shaken the entire envelope off his back. All sorts of food was given him, but his great weak- ness was dead mice ; these at first he used to suck dry, as a house-spider does a blue-bottle, but after a' time finding he could have as many as he liked, he used to eat their brains only, and the rascal absolutely refused to accept any. other diet. He would clip the back of the skull out with his pincers as cleanly as though it had been made of paper, and then settle down to enjoy his meal.

In his hems in the Brazilian forests this giant spider most likely lives on birds, but if so he must pounce down on them, as the web ird spins would hazily hold a cockroach. Once in contact with them, his bite would kill much larger animals.. 3

Six inches-would be a length that any garden worm might well be proud to claim, and so it would be in most countries ; but what do you thick of a worm—a real, true earthworm—six feet in length and proportionately thick ? They are not uncommon in South Africa, where they are easily caught after the rains, their muscles being too feeble to urge their huge and clumsy bodies at any great speed. Perhaps the aptly-named. Goliath beetle may be placed at the top Of the 350,000 species of in3eas—a huge monster, with black and white stripes, arranged in a fantastic pattern, like a very " loud " tennis- blazer. .

There is another beetle which is very common in the West Indies, and is there called the Dominica Woodcutter though it occurs on other islands as well as the one from which it derives its name. This is not so bulky as the Goliath, but it is a good deal longer, and would, in any case, rank second. Its length is due to the extra- ordinary prolongation which it bears in front, like the two nippers of a lobster's claw; and if the natives of Dominica and Martinique speak truly, it puts this apparatus to a curious use. Catching hold of the topmost shoots of growing plants it whizzes round and round at a great rate by means of its wings, until the stem is sawn through and the shoot falls to the ground ; then, not eating or in any way utilising this, it proceeds to another and repeats the same process—and so on, working as hard as wssible all day long all its life though. It is said, by this wanton des- truction, to do much damage in the cultivated parts of those countries.—Dr. Arthur Stradling,, in " Golden Days."

SHE USES THE RIGHT SOAP. —Hudson's Soap saves her clothes. Anything washed with Hudson's Soap is thoroughly washed. therefore remains much longer clean. —A pure Dry Soap in fine powder. —Adrot. [l]

===== 0002601_18930527_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
DARK WOOD. A TALE OF LONEMOOR. , CHAPTER XXX Tu. A BRIEF CALM. Upon the morning following the tragic events in the preceding chapter Lord Da.rkwood presented himself in the breakfast room at the usual hour, without a trace of uneasiness or anxiety in his manner.

His fat, full-moon face looked yellower than usual, it might have been noticed, however, and his thick eyelids were heavy with sleeplessness. He ate and drank as usual. No remorse of his crime came to dull his appetite After breakfast he rode as usual. He returned home, gave an interview to his land agent, and afterwards strolled about the gardens an park. Now he was master of Dunholm Castle, and none could wrest his title and honours from him.

After his solitary luncheon he paid a visit to the school room, in the east wing of the castle. He had not been wont to bestow thought upon his (laughter's education or welfare, but he desired to see again the beautiful young governess, who had so singularly interested him.

As he knocked upon the door of the school room, he heard music within. Gwen was playing the piano with a masterly touch. His knock was not heard, and he paused and listened. "That girl has a fortune in her fingers," he thought. "I wonder she doesn't give concerts. With her musical genius, and her beauty and presence, she would create a furore." He waited until the music ceased, and then opened the door. The two girls were at the piano. Gwen arose and received him courteously, quite as if she feltlerself mistress of the place. That princess-like air, for which she had been distinguished even in her baby- hood, gave her a peculiar charm. Lord Darkwood seated himself,. and watched as if fascinated. . _

He noticed that the Lady Georgina had greatly improved during the past few days. The ostentatious vulgarity of her manners had been subdued. She was dressed more quietly and in better taste, and her voice and her movements were more gentle. Yet she looked to him more than ever coarse beside her beautiful, high-bred companion. Affecting paternal interest, the marquis ques- tioned his daughter in regard to her studies. She replied to him flippantly and half resentfully. There had never been any affection between the father and daughter, and the Lady Georgina was not inclined to accept its pretence now. "Georgina improves rapidly. I foresee that she will do you credit, Miss Myner," he said. "I am greatly pleased with her progress so far. You must have had rare advantages in your own edu- cation. Were your parents wealthy 1" Gwen flushed painfully. "I have been an orphan from my childhood, my lord," she answered, in a low, troubled voice. "But I had kind friends, who spared no expense in my education." " That is easily seen," responded his lordship. "The expense was well bestowed," he added, gal- lantly. "But, pardon me, you seem better fitted for the drawing-room than the schoolroom. You do not look as if you had been educated for a governess." "I was not, my lord." The marquis did not push the subject further. He saw that it was unpleasant to the girl, and sur- mised that some reverse of fortune had plunged her from a state of affluence to her present dependence. He made a brief call and departed. As he entered the lower rooms Gwen's image haunted him. Her mysterious resemblance to the Charteris family was not so apparent now to him as on the occasion of his first interview with her, but her wonderful beauty, in its tender freshness and bright promise, had made a deep impression upon him. "If she were an heiress, I'd try to win her for my wife," he thought. "She is young enough to be my daughter, true—but I intend to marry a young woman. lam rich and can afford to marry a poor girl. If these Myners are of good family, the alliance might not be utterly unworthy of my con- sideration. I would prefer some proud county dame of influence and position, but this girl charms me. I'll inquire further into her family:connections, with a view to marriage." He re-entered the library to meditate upon his new scheme.

No trace of the previous night's tragedy remained. The blood-stain upon the hearthrug had been too large and deep for obliteration, but Pietro, with ready wit, had dropped several live coals upon, completely burning it out. The ser- vant had found the rug in the morning, had won- dered at the "accident," and had replaced the rug with another. . .

Lord Darkwood dropped into a chair, and gave himself up to thought. An hour later he went out to drive, returning in time to dress for dinner.

Throughout the day he had thought often of the previous night's tragedy, but no pang of remorse had pierced his stolid soul, It had occurred to him that, although Lord Darkwood had not stopped in London, and had not revealed the fact of his rescue from drowning to Mr. Sutton, or to anyone in Eng- land, andalthough he bad journeyed home under his family name of Charteris, yet he must have declared his identity to the Corsicans who had rescued him from the sea, and nursed him back to health, and very possibly he might have 'revealed his identity to others. Lord Darkwood communicated his ideas upon this point to Pietro as he dressed for dinner. "Without doubt," said the Maltese, "his lordship told the Corsicans just who he was; but we have nothing to fear from them. In the first place, they were ignorant sailors or fishers, and would not half comprehend his English name. In the second place, his lordship had a belt of money on his person, He paid them liberally for their care of him before .he left them. There was no occasion for him to write to them or send them money, so they will never appear here. The devil has helped you as usual, signor. You have always the devil's own luck." The marquis smiled as if he had received a com- pliment. He dined alone, and retired early to bed. He slept as sweetly that night as if no stain of bloodguilti- ness lay upon his soul, and no dreams marred his repose. The next raorainv he was seated at the breakfast- table wnen iue !cutler, alter Ins custom, brought in the postbag. Lord Darkwood unlocked it and glanced over the contents, sending the butler away upon some trivial errand. ' -

There were letters for the Lady Georgina, and one for "Miss Myner." The marquis turned this over in his hand. It appeared to enclose another letter, and he was tempted to open it. Here was a chance to learn something about his daughter's governess! but he laid the letter aside, promising himself to satsify his curiosity at some future time. There were letters for himself, and one thin blue missive for Pietro, addressed in a foreigr! hand.

Lod Darkwood slipped this thin envelope between two of his own, gathered his pile together, and Rushed the rest from him. "You may sort them oht," he said, as the butler returned. "Send them where they belong. I seem to have a larger number of begging letters and tradesmen's circulars than usual:"

He slipped his letters into his pocket, and went to the library. gaving locked the door, he pro- ceeded to open the letter addressed to his valet, takibg the same precautions he had employed on the former occasions.

!,!I earl easily slip this letter into the bag to- morrow when I look over the letters." he thought, "unless I decide to suppress it altogether. Well, what does Tomaso Tocino have to say ?" He soon discovered that Tomaso Tecino had very little to say. He informed his brother, in Italian of decidedly low class order, that the second adver- tisement had been inserted in the newspapers men- tioned by Pietro' but that no answer of any sort had been received. He said also, that appreciating his brother's anxiety to discover Miss Winter, he had sent a trustworthy man to Penistone and to Lone. moor to make investigations, and that the man had returned without having accomplished anything. The Quillets had caused him to be ignominiously ejected from the premises, declaring that Lonemoor was troubled beyond endurance with disreputable- looking men who came continually to make inquiries concerning her. "No special mention is made of my visit," thought Lord Darkwood. "I am included among the dis- reputable - looking' men, I dare say. Pietro— Tomaso's messenger—the girl's two lovers—whom else? Is any one else upon the track? Has any one else a clue to the mystery of her birth ?" The idea was too unpleasant to be long enter- tained. His lordship re-sealed the letter, and placed it in his notebook, which was not likely to undergo examination by his valet. "Where can the girl be ?" he asked himself. "Gone to the bad, the land bailiff of old Squire Markham declared. I must find her—l will find her. Yet, as I dare not employ a detective, and as Pietro

is eagerly conducting his search, I will make him my catspaw as heretofore, and discover the truth from his letters and those of his brother."

With this resolve he made himself quite at his ease.

't He had no difficulty in slipping the letter he had' stolen back into the postbag the next morning Anseen by the butler, and Pietro received it in due course, wondering a little at the delay in its trans- mission, but not suspecting that it had remained in his master's possession a day. The days and weeks went by in swift succession. No letter cattle front Corsica to Lord Darkwood. Pietro had been right. The marquis had settled his debt to his rescuers before leaving their island, and they:had not expected to hear from him again. No one suspected his lordship's rescue from death and return to England. The preSeiit marquis had absolutely nothing to fear, it seemed, on account of his awful crime, and no foro bodings troubled him.

Pietro and his brother changed letters fru- quently—under Lord Dark wood'ssecral super visiou —but no light was obtained by any of the three upon the mystery of G wendoline Winter's fate. The marquis made a journey or two to London to search for the girl, but having no clue to her whereabouts his search was futile, Pietro went up to town once also, but he was equally unsuccessful. Both believed the object of their seurch to be ignorant, coarse in looks, vulgar, but sprightly and fond Of dress. Searching for a person such as they imagined Gwen to be in the great town was like searching for a needle in a haystack. - Lord Darkwood would have given up all thought of looking for her had he not known Pietro to be still active and hopeful of discovering her. The very possibility that Pietro might find her stimulated him into activity, and kept him in a perpetual uneasiness and discomfort.

The winter wore on, and February was come. 'Still Gwendoline Winter was not found and even Pietro began to think her dead, or beyond his reach. During this winter the object of their search dwelt under the same roof with themselves, walked in the park and gardens daily with the Lady Georgina, and rode, and came and went before their eyes. and they never once suspected her identity. Ah, if they had Ina known! Lord Darkwood had, takei his place in county society, went to halls and dinner parties t and bore his honours with ease and dignity. He had not yet seen a lady whom he wished to marry, with the exception of G‘Ven, and even she, with all her beauty,- did not fully meet his requirements in a wife. He wanted to marry money, influence, and position, for he had not by any means taken his predecessor's place in the county esteem, as he well knew.. His affairs were therefore in a state of calm, as were those of Gwen. But the calm comes before a storm and already the clouds of coming events began to shadow these different lives., , ,

CHAPTZR %XXIV. GHOST OR OWL ?

In common with most ancient houses of size and Importance in England, Dunholm Castle Was popu- larly supposectto be haunted. The servants in their hall in the long winter evenings were wont to whis- per to each other wild tales of the Darkwood spectre that " walked " the grim chambers of the ruins. A tragedy had centuries since been enacted in the old castle, in which two /nen had fought over one fair woman. The men had both perished in combat before the woman's eyes, and she had gone mad in her horror and despair, and had soon after died. The Lady Georgina Charteris had a great love of the marvellous, and within three days after her arrival at Dunholm Caiitie had learned froin her maid the story of the 4irkwood spectre. Sho repeated the tale in turn to her young governess, and her faith was not to be shaken by Gwen's smiling dis- belief.

"It is true I" asserted the Lady Georgina. "Mar- gery tells me that her grandfather saw the ghost one night, when lie was hurrying home through the park, many years ago. He was courting one of the maids at the castle in those days—she married him afterwards, and she is Margery's grandinothor —and he was a park labourer, It was about mid- night, and he was on his way home by a short cut that skirted the ruins, when all of a sudden he heard a strange cry, and he looked up, and a light flashed across one of the broken windows, and an awful spectre, larger than any giant and bloody with wounds, was seen for an instant and then vanished, and the light went out in the same instant. What do you think of that, Miss Myner ?" "I think," said G wen, "that Margery'sgrandfather had a vivid imagination." The Lady Georgina looked offended. "Other servants have seen the same sights," she declared, "and I believe them. I wouldn't go near the ruins after dark, not if;by doing so I could be queen of England. I haven't had coinage to go yet in the daytime, although there have been no end of visitors-to see them. But I'll, go with you, Miss Myner. Let us go this morning." The morning in question was bright and pleasant, late in February, with the balminess of spring. Gwen assented to the Lady Georgina's proposition, and they made ready for a stroll.

The ruins a Dunholm Castle were historical, and visitors had been to examine them from far and near. The late marquis, like his predecessors, had shown them freely on stated days, but the present marquis had refused to admit strangers to their precincts, and had caused the doors to be secured and the windows to be repaired. It had become generally known to tourists and excursionists that visitors were no longer allowed to enter Dunholm Castle ruins, and Gwen, having learned the fact, had restrained her curiosity throughout the winter, and had not even once been in the ancient portion of the grounds. "How can we gain admittance to the ruins?" asked Gwen.

"Oh, I know where the keys are kept," said Lady Georgina. "I saw them in the library the other day, and asked father where they belonged. I'll go and get them." "You must ask Lord Darkwood for permission to visit the ruins," said Gwen.

"Oh, fudge I" cried the Lady Georgina, inele- gantly, as she dancing away on her errand. "I'll aek him if you say so—but what could he care ?"

The girl- sped downstairs, and burst into the library. Lord Darkwood was not there. The Lady Georgina, with brief hesitation, rushed to the ruins. The cabinet was not locked—a mere chance, for, it was usually kept so—and the girl opened it and dis- covered the keys of which she was in search, an returned to Gwen, whom she found equipped for their walk.

"Now, Miss Myner," she exclaimed, tossing up the great bunch of massive iron keys and catching them again dexterously, "I'll put on my hat and jacket in no time/and we'll be off."

- She hurried to 'her own dressed for the intended re4nble.

They set out together without delay.. They quitted the castle by the main entrance, wandered through the gardens, which were begin- ning to put on a show of verdure, and descended to the terrace.

"The park trees grow close to the ruins," said Lady Georgina, "and they make the ruins twice as gloomy as they would be otherwise. I'd cut them down if I were father, and rout out the ghost. When I become marchioness—if ever I do—l'll have the ruins pulled down. The very idea of a ghost frightens me." They passed round the angles of the now bnild- and.entered the thick shadows around the ruins.

There were several entrances to the ruins, One only being of importance. They avoided this, halt- ing before a little sunken iron door in a deep stozie portal. The Lady Georgina tried her keys, and presently the door swung open almost noiselessly. "I expected to be frightened at the creaking of this door," said Lord Darkwnod's daughter; "but it moves as if the hinges were oiled." "Perhaps the ghost used this door," suggested Gwen, mischievously, ".It moves as if in frequent use 1"

The Lady Gporgina looked over her shoulder timidly, half feitghtenecl at Gwen's suggestion, and then advanced into the ruin.

The girls rambled through the court and wan- dered through the rooms ,that opened from it. Every door was locked; but the Lady Georgina possessed the keys, and they explored all the different apartments. "The Darkwoods of those old days must have kept armies of servants," said Gwen, thoughtfully. "It must give you strange sensations, Georgina, to be. wandering like this through rooms that were tenanted centuries ago by your ancestors. In that big drawing room your foremother entertained her lovers, or welcomed her husband home from the wars. In the banqueting hall brave knights revelled; in this din i old chapel generations worshipped. And these people, who feasted and prayed, and loved and lived, were all of your blood and name." "I care very little for ancestry," said Lady Georgina, flippantly. "We prize most what we do not have," said Gwen, a faint cloud overshadowing her proud, sweet face. " I should like to kaow that Iliad had 4 long lire of honograble ancestry I zhould li

===== 0002601_18930527_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
to know that I am descended from brave men and pure women—" The Lady Georgina stared. "Why, I supposed," she exclaimed, "that the Myners were of good family," Gwen started. "So they are I" she exclaimed. "But they were not famed for courtly deeds, for brave feats, for noble lives, as were your ancestors, Georgina. I think I have born in me a love of good blood. Of course a person may be born of bad family and still be good and noble, but no one can be sensible to the pleasures and advantages of having had worthy relatives." "You ought to have been a Charteiris, Marian, and the Lady Georgina with a smile. would appreciate the family far better that I I" The girls explored the various floors and mounted to watch towers, and looked afar over the landscape, upon the park and Dark River, the village and the distant spires of Shrewsbury, which glimmered the dim far distant. Then they descended to the first floor. "We've not seen the trace of a ghost, Marian'', cried the Lady Georgina, who had quite dismissed her nervousness. "It must have been exorcised long , "Ghosts don't flourish in the nineteenth centtui," laughed Gwen. "lam in a mood for explorations, Georgina. Let us go down and look through the gloomy old dungeons where prisoners were confined in the days of war." "Should you dare ?" cried Georgina. "Do yen, know, Marian, Margery told me that men had died in these dungeons centuries ago A skeleton was found in one of them within the memory of living men. It Was buried in Dunholm churchyard. Thee° must be the dungeon keys. lam not afraid, if yna are not. Come.

They had alreadynoted the entrance to the cellars and subterranean rooms, and were about to wend there way thither, when Gwen suggested that they would need a light. "I saw a lantern in the kit.then, with a box of matches beside it," said Georgina. "Before father's time strangers were admitted to the castle on Tuesdays and Thursdays, you know and they always ; explored the dungeons. The lantern was used by the servant who showed them those dark holes. There may be a little oil in it still. I'll see." She ran to the kitchen, her heavy steps echoing and re-echoing through the lofty stone chambers. Presently she returned, bringing with her a lighted lantern.

"There was oil in it !" she exclaimed "Am I not lucky? The cellars are under the kitchen, servants' hall and offices. The dungeons are under the main castle, and are entirely separate from the cellar& with a great wall of rock and soil between, Margery told me. This is the way to the dungeons. Come Marian." ,

Gwen held the lantern over her head, and they passed:down themide stone staircase, finding them- selves in a gloomy damp passage, from which Other passages branched, and from which massive Iron doors opened. "It was very like my idea of the catacombs," said , Gwen in a hushed voice. "The air is chill and damp here. "It is like a tomb," said Georgina. "1 should • think the ghost would make this dark hole his especial haunt 1" They rambled through the long passages unloglc- , mg a doornow and then, and peeping into some bla k cell, and then hurrying on, half-scared. They turned corner after corner, losing themsel7es in the labyrinth of passages, and Gwen said at last— "We must be near the farthest tower, Georgina. The lords of Darkwood had prison room enough for all their enemies, were their enemies a hest, I should think. We must thing of returning, I believe that I can find the way batik." A great rat skurried across the passage, brushing against Georgina's anlcles. She uttered a shrill scream of terror, that rang through the vault, echoing and re-echoing." "It's—it's the ghost !" gasped 'Georgina, learning 'against the nearest wall. "It was a rat --I saw it," said Gwen. - "It was a ghost !" asserted Georgina. "oh' Heaven, what's that ?" A faint muffled sound, that was strangely son alchral, was beard —a sound that was like a cry oz agony half-stifled in the utterence.

• , • , , • r • • Lk 1

===== 0002601_18930527_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
(To be continued.)

MANY a one who in the great crisis of life bee acted the hero's part has been shamefully overcome by some little sin or some secret temptation. The sudden irritation and the stinging word carelesly spoken in the domestic circle, the chafing and try- ing episodes in the tedious routine of our dui! 'work—these are the things that prove and weig our manhood more than any other.

FIRE under water can be produced by placing small piece of phosphorus in a conically-BWe' glass filled with water, and some crystals of Chlorate of potash covering the phosphorus, .and then , Mg through a long tube funnel a few drops or Juini; phtiric acid down on the mixture at the bottom 01 the glass. Tongues of flames can be seen flashing up through the water. The intense chemical action produces sufficient heat to inflame the phosphor under the water.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
FRESH AM IN PARLIAMENT.

The "floor of the house" is a well-known Parlia- mentary expression, and when a member is said t.. 0 be in possession of it most people know velat:i... meant, though they do not know what he ing on. The interest of this matter lies in the fa' that it is through the floor, that the House of Cat; mons receives fresh air, the vitiated air passing (,),to through the ceiling. There is those continuous drace4 upwards which would be by no means pleasant Or tel feet, ankles, and legs of our legislators if uninterruPtor. In the first instance,then, the floor of the houseje et„Pr-5e forated cast iron plates, over which is laid a ce",.;„t W netting of whipcord. This allows the mud and dust t"e members bring in on their boots to fall through into ... vault beneath. Up till recently the division lobbies wes'', laid with horse-hair matting.. This retained the °toe though it was open enough in texture for the air to co freely through. The consequence was that clouhids:l; dust rose up every time there was a division, wov. caused great discomfort. These lobbies are now ,C•ng, ered with whipcord, and the dust has ceased trouh'lthe as in the debating chamber itself. In front oth benches on which snembers sit 4 the floor is laid with wood, and this, to break the draught, is covered with . mats stretching the whole length of the benchee.„itb regard to the House of Lords, it too, is suPPlie" wted fresh air from beneath, and its floor is also of perforabir cast-iron plate.,. Below the bar the covering is,,vl„ . cord, similar to that in the other house. Above t"'• of however, where the peers sit, the covering is a lahriafree horsehair and wool, woven loosely, so as to permit ror , access to the incoming air. Then, in front of each tthe : of benches, a woollen rug is stretched, to protee-.00 • lower extremeties of the members of the ee" dumber.,

===== 0002601_18930527_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
CRITICAL MOMENTS.

Is,accorcl.

When Benvenuto Cellini cast his great Perseut ~ver• ing to rules which his own genius had laid down': tho work and exposure had so undermined his strenct.' at the critical moment he was obliged to take to big and leave leave the rest of the process to some faithful o`),, men who understood his plans. Finally, howeveir,`elaa9 of them came rushing into his sick room, where, dazed and and groaning with pain, and told him wit" 4-tahot lamentations, that the process was a failure, a"," ron the metal was caked. Cellini sprang from his across the street, and rapidly dragged a load of wood back to his furnace. He made a roaring oe, ned finding that the base alloy.in his metal had bo'n 11„1111,01d• out, he threw in all the pewter vessels of the bon% and Then the metal bubbled, the great Perseus wits cas",,er,ai the maker and his faithful friends exulted. German - German goldsmith in the first part of this century. 8,0,4 log an ambition to attempt larger works than all h thig accomplished, went to Naples in order to see the Ca the of Canova's statue of Charles 111., but was deux nye sight of certain secret technical processes. Stigl°oo found them out for himself, nevertheless, and as sow of he went home made his first experiment on a atatueoite• Venus. Many delays occurred, and the e flair ment increased as the end drew near. By solvet into take one of his assistants poured his molten meta dstill• the air hole. Then the casting came to a gander ia "The crowd of lookers-on "writes the poor founhyped his diary," stood first dumb about me, and then s nth a out,one by one,and left me with my pain." In second casting was begun, and failed. With 110_, oe courage he began the third cast, and on Christrefouid. the metal was again poured in. It ran into op '''knevf and spurted joyfully out at the air hole. "our Jorof jay, no bounds," be declares. "We raised a loud crl,e"the and embraced and kissed each other. Pasquaioi the helper, kissed the head of Phidias coming out bad broken form, and burned his mouth, for it had 11°' time to cool. a Ta°rolten

c Pr:d The Royal Laundresses say Critcitley's " °datum— s unequalled for impartine a beautiinl finish to sc., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr. our n r wall. says :—" Mt, wife will not finish cur linen With°ut V "Starch Gloss."' From Mrs. —, Bradford " „oiled I am pleased to inform you that I have tried really It Starch Glazes and Pollibea, but find none equal to 3111., should be used In every house. Bold at Id., 3d., and !t, most starch sellers. If not In stook will PrOnt- . CRITCHLEY, BlAokburn, P:oprietor.—ildef.

.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0028.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, ; , . ,t.,, . ,

===== 0002601_18930527_art0029.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
H:

===== 0002601_18930527_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITSUNTIDE FESTIVITIES AT

RUNCORN.

In Runcorn, Whitsuntide is the chief holiday of the year, and is made the occasion for celebrations Bitch as do not characterise any other period of the Year. Natives who have had to remove to fresh fields of labour to fight the battle of life, religiously renew their acquaintance with the ancient town, and revive bygone memories on this anniversary. Friends and relations from all parts are welcome,' at Whitsuntide in the Runcornians home, and to he young people it is a season of unalloyed rejoic- Ing• The festivities redly commence on the Sunday. On that day more people are to be observed in the streets, and in the lanes.than on an ordinary sabbatb,and all,too, decked out in their newest and sprucest attire. A kind I 1 Informal pilgrimage is made to Runcorn Hill, that once charming spot nsw so much disfigured by the wurk sof the stmecutter, and on Sunday afternoon it may be truthfully said there were a thousand people there. Whether religion is the motive for the visit to the Hill is a debateable point, bet it is a fact that on Whit Sunday the Primitive Methodists of the town,follow the example Of their first organisers of Mow Cop Hill and conduct Ulm worship iu the open air. Thus is revived the

CAMP MEETINGS Of old. On Sunday last the worshippers attending the Chapel in Greenwav-road assembled at Delph Bridge, and walked in procession through the streets to Runcorn Rill, singing hymns in stirring fashion as they went along. In the afternoon Devonshire Square was the Place of assembly, and the procession to the Hill was witnessed by large numbers of spectators. And at the Hill addresses were delivered by the Rev. C. Finch, Rev. H. lt. Didcock, Mr. Cox (St. Helens), Mr. Sage ( Widnes) and Mr. R. Peacock. In the evening a " love feast ' Was held in the chapel the proceedings being conducted by the Rev. H. R. Didcock. The weather on Sunday had the merit of variety. Sunshine and shower were blended, sometimes un- pleasantly for those whose finery lacked the protection an umbrella, and fears were felt that a repetition of ''6l6 Wet

WHIT MONDAY of seven years ago would occur. Fortunately for the demon- graters and all concerned Monday was gloriouslyfine from rIY morn to dewy eve a' s the poet somewhere bath it, sod everything passed o' ff without an occurrence to mar the preceedings, This was not what is termed the " big Year, that is when the greatest effort of display is made, sod in the morning there were only three " clubs " on Parade. Nevertheless large numbers of visitors poured the town by road, rail, and water. Warrington, Northwieli and other DI aces in the vicinity being revresented by large contingents.

THE PROCESSION OF THE CLUBS t°„ok place at ten o'clock. Those taking part were Star of -"IP of Freedom Lodge and Lily of the Valley the G.U.O. of Oddfellows and the Runcorn Tent of Ancient Shepherds. The members aasembled at their respective lodge-rooms' and then Paraded to Devonshire Square, where they formed a united procession. There was a good muster, and the tlemonstratiou was viewed with much interest, and fay- °lira-We comment was made of the admirable order dis- played. Leading, the way came

THE ANCIENT SHEPHERDS, Who were headed by Runcorn Town and District band, ately following !IFider the conductorship of Mr. James Woods. linmedi- the handsome banner were two guardians (rp. John and Joseph Jolley) dressed in sheep skins, 1.12' the dispensation was carried by Bros. Joseph ercival and Daniel Lightfoot. The officer; present Were Bros. Daniel Hulse', W.M. ; Arthur Gee, D.M. ; 'JosephSantlev, secretary ; John Hillidge. P.M. ; Henry lackson, treasurer. A prominent feature was a 'urn', elat bY Mr. J. L Jones of Moore, which was decorated With foliage andfl , owers, and in which rode a shepherd shePherciess, (Bro. George Williams and Miss Baker) H.?,. four juvenile members (Misses Woodward aaridoft lffige and Masters Houghton and Moores) carrying th banners of Faith, Hope, Charity and Unity. At rear walked Bro. Richard Jolley, wearing sheep irglina, leading a coiliedcg. There were eighty members lothe procession which was marshalled by Bro. William lodes, jun., and Bro. John Woodward. The tent is in a good financial position.

as led THE STAR OF FREEDOM LODGE e by the V, idues Subscription Prize Band, which "aS followed by the new silk banner, artistically decor- patredocebsY. Bro. G. Tutall of London, The members in the arn, Sinn numbered 112 adults and 40 juveniles, them being Bros. A. Gregory, N.G. ; A, Marsh,. warden. isinge Hazlehurst, marshal! ; John Shaw, treasurer ; vv , Shepherd, V.G. ; J. H. Douglas, To',ca, Secretary. and W. B. Jones, assistant-secretary. an" 'ast balance sheet of the lodge shows that there are aalembers and that the sick and funeral fund stands -" '1.477 12s. old. brou,l„, THE LILY OF THE VALLEY LODGE ...ace. and waitnt"r Band, under the conductorship of Mr. Outh- the members in the ranks numbered 150. .tattiach tt'lernT3er tunca walkaed wore a buttonhole of the flower after Bros. j,,l,l°lge is named. The emblem was carried by after ""a Ford and Wm. Ford, and immediately Jonathae. Holt, sne' N.- ; 8. thC following officers :—Bros. Win. B°Yer°, V.G*. ; T. Foster, P.N.G. ; John ' rt°bert E rnent for the William Strip er j • ''' l Hughes, warden ; , -t°,sloe-arl assistant sec. ; T. Wilson and ; Samuel g , regalia master. The financial state- although favour ot Past year shows that there is a balance in the sick and funeral fund of £1,577 Bs. /hid., tnet, the t ID'avY claims fur sickness and death had been • 'a "al disbursemets bing £6lO 16s. 10d. There S also a balance of Ll3B Bs. id. on the management niversarc account, and of £2l us. 7d. on the Benevolent an An- Were 370: Fund Account. At the end of the year there -- m- members, the average age being 32 years. The uu, per of members is now 400. Way parading the town the procession wended its ......Y .teu Halton Castle, where an hour was spent. The I'l7u) rs then returned to their various lodges and w sushanded.

THE SUNDAY SCHOOLS. The cfp monstration of Sunday schools took place ;t one any ....ruPE, and the display was quite equal to that o n. trenvnious year. a d There was a great show of banners n,..emttes --• , and the young people decked out in their nulniclaY attire, made a pretty picture th ture as they passed Iv ,F the crowded streets. Thousands lined Church,s.t • . baituLlt.. and Bridge-st., but the best of order was main- Of :Us the interference of the police under the command uPerintendent Atherton and InsPector Cooper, being -waatn needed.t

eiVvenre;. the tto TEE CHURCH SCHOOLS Pass in the following order, the figures Ti7italling firs the number in the procession ; Holy Y' 300 ; National and St. Michael's, 800 ; Mersey IUI 280 ; total, 1,380. The Holy Trinity contingent b,'",n4. coed the Mill Brow Ragged School,the drum and fife the latter leading the way. Arnengt the proms- kers were the Rev. Dr. Preston, Rey. A. W. Riley, brook s• Ilankinson, Harrison, Pearson, Prince,and West idesmen representing Holy Trinity. MiS5 tone.", Miss Fisher, Misses Preston and Messrs. Brough- bridarld Smith representing Holy Trinity. At Delph ge they proceeded along Canal-st. to a field lent by Jonathan Horsefield. te The Parish Church schools wore headed by the Winn- eer Rand, and following the banner were the Rev. Joln°n Maitland Wood, Rev. C. F. Montgomery, Messrs. a rdan, superintendent' •• John Littler, sec. ; W.H.Roger- „T"' James Littler, F. Rutter, Wm. Howard, J. Moores, . 1,:)8* Dewitt, ri.Branch, W.Dudley,and John Yates; and 14ra. Tonks, supt. of the girls' school. These scholars roceeded to the Vicarage and thence to a field at Higher —4llloe°rn lent by Messrs. Imison and Handley, where the • # ,74 snorts were indulged in. Heading the procession 'it• Michael's and All Angels' school were Be?. A. 3. a„atn,., e5,.,011, Messrs. C. Pownall,superintendent ; P.Moores, vv in. Cook, secretaries, and the teachers. scholars attending the Mersey Mission school were "' Dy the drum and fife band, attired in sailor costunse, Vai after the banner walked Mr. W. Shaw, missionary; d r• J. Howard; Ellesmere Port missionary ; Mr.D.Priee, chitetary ; and Miss M. Bowyer, treasurer. The younger ren were conveyed in wagons lent for the purpose e'r• S. Crosby, Top Locks, and the Manchester Ship Ki_ehl anal Co. The young people spent a pleasant time in a Of Greenway-road lent by Mr. Banks. About five the scholars returned to their respective schools, where they were entertained to tea,and the evening was sPent in games and other amusements.

TS NONCONFORMIST SCROOLS. thil° sooner had the Church demonstration ended an the parade of the United Nonconformist 1.3ch0018 commenced. Each school held a place 1/313 the procession with the date of its establishment rtinswick Wesleyan, established in 1800 leading the .91,av• The schools taking part were as follows i—Bruns- Vueil Wesleyan, 879; St. John's Presbyterian, 291 ; St. _kes Congregational, 160 ; St. Edward's Catholic, 328 nimitive Methodist, 314 ; Bethesda Congregational, ,4„/3 Mill Brow Wesleyan, 331 ; Methodist Free Church, ; Camden Wesleyan, 525 ; Nelson-St. Wesleyan, 122; 32954.pe1. mission, 58 ; Gospel Union Mission, 69 ; total, thl,lfl several instances the scholars sang hymns as assed along with considerable effect. The only I.,)and in the procession was that of the League of the "'mist leading the Catholic scholars. Banners and ban- nerettes were very numerous, and the demonstration 'was a very bright and pleasing one. Brunswick school were led by the Rev. T. Wilkes (Superintendent minister), Rev. R. Posnett, Mr. John „unPson, and the adult classes. In front of St. John's .!2:esbyterian were noticed Messrs. James Pritchard, Jas. il.irkham, John Humphreys (Nottingtam), Jas. Steele, JePson, W. G. Jackson, and A. Robinson. St. Luke's Were led by Messrs. J. J. Speakman (supt.), P. Cart- Wright, and S. Slade ; while in front of Bethesda Con- grzdawtilocnks,l were the Rev. J. S. Simpson, Messrs. W. ci supt., 11. Chadwick, secretary, and other prominent members of the congregation. St. Edward's !-]atholic school/ was preceded by the Revd. Dr. Gastaldi the teachers aid many members of the League of the Cross .0_ • In the I'. 43itive Methodist contingent were the ,°. C. Finch, Rev. H. R. Didcock, Messrs. Jackson, ?,uiocross, Peacock, J. Wilson Hayes. Gittens, J. Fleet, Douglas, Hill and Stubbs. Leading Mill Brow Wesleyan

were the Rev. W. Arrowsmith, Messrs. S. Pope, John Ince, T. Caygill, W. Yates, and W . Moore ; and in the Free Methodist procession the Rev. J. Martin, Messrs. E. Gandy, F. A. Clark, J. Holford, and Walter Gandy held prominent positions. Camden Wesleyan included Messrs. P. Speakman, J.P., C.C., S. C. Beckett, and A. Harrison ; Nelso.,st. Wesleyan, Messrs. Bazley. Lambert and Littlemore. The Gospel Mission were led by Mr. John Spencer, and the Gospel Union Mission by Mr. G. Marshall. After parading through the principal thoroughfares of the town, an adjournment was made to the football field where games were indulged in. Subsequently tea was provided at the various schools and entertainments of a miscellaneous character were given in the evening.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
WALKING DAY AT EARLESTOWN.

Monday was the second occasion on which the various Sunday schools in Earlestown held what has now come to be considered the annual Walking Day. The morning broke with every indication of a brilliant day, but about nine o'clock dark threat- ening clouds hovered about, which caused some misgiving in the minds of the school officials. The sun, however, asserted itself, and after ten o'clock, a more beautiful day could not have been desired. The scholars were radiantly happy, and attired in their white dresses presented a gay and cheerful appearance. It was a regrettable fact however that the inhabitants did not take the same interest in the Sun- day schools procession, as they did in that in connection with the May Queen, nor did they exert themselves to make the streets wear a festive appearance by a display of buntieg. During the May Queen festival, there were many banners exhibited from private houses which were singularly inappropriate to the occasion, but when a suitable opportunity occurred for their mottoes to have some bearing on the festival in progress, especially those of a scriptural term, they were conspicuous by their absence. As before, the Church of England schools did not take any part in the procession, but why this should be, is of course better known to those responsible. Their 'absence of course caused some unfavourable comment I from the spectators. Ten o'clock was the time fixed for the schools to assemble on the Market Place, and shortly before that time they began to muster there, and were speedily placed in position for leaving the ground with- out confusion, by Messrs. Graham and George who officiated as Marshals. When all were gathered, the profusion of banners and ban nerettes, with the varied colours of the ch ldren's dresses, made the scene a very pretty and animated one. A couple of hymns were sung and the precession afterwards filed off in the followi•g order, Earlestown, brass band, Vulcan Wesleyans,Welsk Sunday schools, Earlestown Wesleyans, Salvation Army and band, Primitive Methodists, Haydock brass band, and Baptists. The route was from the Market Ground, by Market-st. along Queen, Houghton, Derby,Hotel-streets, Cross-lane, Bridge-street, Earle-street to Earle Cottage, returning by way of Bank-street, Wood, Viaduct, Regent. Sankey, Market-streets to Market Ground, where another hymn was sung, and after the National Anthem, the children marched to their various schools and dispersed. After dinner they reassembled at the schools and proceeded to various fields for the annual treat. The whole of the arrangements in connection with the procession were carried out by a committee of representatives from the various schools, Mr. J. R. Barr performing the arduous labours of secretary very efficiently. Inspector Kelly very kindly provided a staff of polise to see that the pro- cession was not obstructed or interfered with, and his forethought will no doubt be amply appreciated by the school officials. The procession was led up by Mr. Jas. Woods, of the Primitive Methodists, as being the oldest superintendent in the town, and on either side of him were Mr. T. Clare and Mr. B. Harrison, the next oldest superintendents. The positions of the schools in the procession was drawn for, and the premier place very properly fell to the Vulcan Wesleyans, as it is the oldest- established Sunday school in the district. The follow- ing are the particulars of the schools in the order of pro- cession : VULCAN WESLEYANS. These were headed by Mr. E.Martin and Mr.R.Naylor, superintendents. They floated a fine new banner which had only been unfurled that morning. The scholars as- sembled at the school at 8 30, the Rev. T. Wynne-Jones being present, and a large assemblage of visitors wit- nessed the ceremony of unfurling the new banner. The Rev. Wynne-Jones in a few remarks said it had been the unanimous wish that Mrs. Martin (one of their fellow- workers) should undo the strings of the banner, and he called upon her to do so. After Mrs. Martin had loosed the strings, the banner was raised amidst loud cheering. Mr. Jones said it was a inost beautiful piece of work,and he hoped it would lead their school to many victories in days to come. It was the work of Mr. John Jones, a resident in the village, on whom it reflected great credit. The procession then started for the Market-place. The number of scholars on the books is 180 with 24 teachers, nearly all of whom were present. They had tea in a field belonging to Mr. Williams, of New Hay Farm, and until dusk the children amused themselves with various games. WELSH WESLEYAN'S. The number on the books is 50 with 7 teachers, Mr. R. Owen, superintendent. These also had a fine new ban- ner been used for the first time on this occasion. They had tea in a field off Wargrave-road belonging to Mr. Cawley, and games were afterwards indulged in until dusk. BRUNSWICK WESLEYAN'S. Number on the books 460 and 76 officers. They mus- tered at the field after dinner, and afterwards proceeded Ito the school, where they were regaled with a substan- tial tea, each scholar on leaving the school being pre- sented with an orange. They returned to the field where cricket, football, and racing was the order of the after- noon, the youthful portion amusing themselves in scrambling for nuts and sweets. Mr. Sanderson kindly placed his field behind Messrs. Vicars's works at their disposal. SALVATION ARMY. . -

Number on parade 70. The band was considerably augmented by, players from other corps, and they made a creditable display. After the procession they returned to the barracks where tea was partaken of and the children were dismissed. The officers and adults pro- ceeded to Runcorn to take part in a demonstration there. rftrigrrivE METHODISTS. Number on the books 330, with 38 officers and teachers. These were headed by their banner, and the Rev.T.Collins, Messrs. Dickens and Austin, being also in front. After re-assembling at the school the scholars proceeded to a field belonging to Mr. Worsley in Burton- wood, where tea was served, and various amusements were indulged in until dusk. BAPTISTS. Number on the books 280, and 20 teachers. In front were Rev. T. Cottam Messrs. Eckersley, and Grissold. Mr. Sanderson placed' one of his fields off Grow-lane at the disposal of the Baptists, and here they indulged in a football match, married v. single, and after a very exciting contest, the benedicts were vanquished by 2 goals to 1. Tea was afterwards partaken of, and the remainder of the evening was spent in various games, the children having exciting scrambles for nuts and sweets. It should be stated that the L. and N.-W. Co. very kindly lent several of their vans for the conveyance of the very young children.

FATAL COLLIERY ACCIDENT AT ST. HELENS. On Saturday, a shocking accident occurred at the Sherdley Colliery, St. Helens, belonging to the. White- cross Colliery Company, by which Thomas Molyneux, a collier, aged forty-nine years, of Grace's-row, Ell Bess- lane, Sutton, was killed, and Peter Almond, a collier, of Alma-street, Peasley Cross, had a narrow escape. The two men were working the coal face in the four-feet tunnel, and were " gaining up," when, without the slightest warning, about six feet of roof and Eix feet of dirt fall. Molyneux was completely buried, and Almond, in trying to get away, was caught by his foot. 1 He extricated himself from this dangerous position by slipping his clog off, which was soon covered by the 1 falling stuff. Mr. Robert Turner, manager, with five other officials of the colliery, and a gang of about a dozen men at once set to work. It was estimated that about 50 tons of stuff had fallen. The gang worked hard and heroically, but eight and a half nours elapsed before the lifeless body of Molyneux was reached doubled up beneath some coal.—An inquest was held on Wednes- day on the body of Molyneux,ny Mr. Brighouse,coroner. Mr. Turner, certificated manager, produced a plan of , the workings.—Peter Almond stated that he and deceased 1 were colliers, and Joseph Molyneux and Joseph Almond 1 were drawers. They were at work on Saturday getting the bottom coal. Deceased was cutting. Some coal had been liberated, when suddenly an enormous quantity of top coal and dirt fell. ,Molyneux was buried, and wit- ness escaped by leaving his clog behind. So great was the fall that eight and a half hours elapsed before the body of Molyneux could be reached.—By Mr. Hall : The working place was six yards three inches wide. There were old works on two sides, and an old level below. As a rule they did not draw timber after the coal was got, as it was not safe • the roof would fall with it.—By Mr. Turner: They had some difficulty in getting down the coal, and had made application for extra pay on that account. If they had known then what they now knew they would have had a couple more props set on the higher side. There was plenty of timber.—By a Jury- man : Witness never saw such a place since lie started to work in pits.—Edward Baldwin, fireman, said he visited the place on the morning of the accident, and after examining it thought it was safe enough. He did not give any instructions as to timbering.—Mr.Hall,Gov- ernment Inspector,said he examined the place,and was of opinion that it should have been thoroughly timbered,at from three feet to four feet apart, so as to support the roof.—The Coroner said the question was whether Bald- win should have given further instructions as to timber- ing or have told the men they were working in a danger- ous place. The jury were of opinion that the accident could have been avoided by proper timbering, and re- turned a verdict of "Accidental death."—The Coroner, addressing Baldwin,said a fireman could not do too much timbering, but could do a good deal too little. Be ad- vised firemen to be extremely careful.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0032.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

wski

# rri

===== 0002601_18930527_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
7f,F Frf

, MAY 27, 1893. ATI AT OUR. LOCAL CLIURCHES, WARRINGTON.

THE P.S.A. AT WYCLIFFE.

There was a large attendance at the usual Pleasant Sunday Afternoon meeting in Wycliffe Church on Sun- day. The membership still creeps up week by week, and the total number is now nearing 600. Mr. Yonge was the chairman for the afternoon, and in a short address spoke of the large congregetions he saw leaving the public-houses when coming to the meeting, and hoped some of the P.S.A. men would go to the public- house doors each Sunday, and give out handbills and invite them to the meeting. Those were the men they wanted to get at the services. He did not want the P.S.A. to become too respectable, but was anxious that it should get hold of these brothers of theirs. The Rev. T. Ross also delivered an address on neutrality in reli- gion. He didn't think men should be neutral in politics much less in regard to religious questions. Men at the prtsent time were living three different kinds of life— the devilish life, the moral life, and the distinctly reli- gious life. Christ when on earth never talked about those who stood midway. He spoke about the wheat and the chaff, the sheep and the goats. We knew what to do with the sheep and the goats but what should we do with the neutral? Mr. G H. Yonge sang as a solo , the hymn " Tell me the old, old, story " and a duet was contributed by Mr. Sherlock and Mr. Friar entitled " The Crucifixion." Mr. T. Atkinson and Mr. H. Bar- ker also took part in the service. THE INDEPENDENT METHODISTS.

A mission room in connection with the above-named denomination was opened on Sunday. The room is situated at the corner of Brick-st. and Battersby-lane, and was at one time a workshop for the blind. Ser- vices have previously been held in the vicinity in a room in Brick-st, but owing to some difficulty arising, it was found desirable to have another mission room. The present room is to be the nucleus of further exten- sions in the future when the promoters hope they will be able to build a permanent chapel. At the opening service in the morning addresses were delivered by Mr. James Shaw, Mr. Roberts, and Mr. T. Barton. Two sermons were preached, afternoon and evening, by Mr. Berry of Swinton, and were much appreciated. There were large congregations at all the services and the col- lections realised £ll Es. 90. ST. MARY'S ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH.

Special sermons were pr3ached at St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church, Buttermarket-st., on Sunday, by the Rev. Luke Rivington. M.A., at one time a clergyman of the Established Church. The services were on behalf of the day schools. There was a large congregation in the morning, when the rev, gentleman took for his text, 2 Corinthians ix. 15.—" Thanks be to God for His un- speakable gift." he said that day was naturally a day of thanksgiving, and it was because gratitude was pleasing to God, that Ile wrote it upon the hearts of men. It was a gift that had come from the very heart of God himself. It was for them that day to thank God for leading them into the Holy Catholic and Roman Church, th,s home of the spirit of God. He acted in- deed outside the precincts of the church, but, not as he did within. In conclusion he urged his hearers to sub- scribe liberally to the schools so that others might receive the holy gift and preserve it unto the end.—ln the evening the Rev. Luke Rivington preached from John x 16.—" And there shall be one fold." He re- marked that in these days people sometimes asked which was the Catholic Church and which was the church of the living God. It was of the first importance that their souls should thoroughly grasp the fact, that the unity of the church was the reat note to which their Lord Himself had vouchsafed to point them. He sent the apostles forth without the New Testament; they had not the gospels to give to men. Albeit they loved the Holy Scriptures. The book of God must be kept in the ,house of God. It was not a secular and profane book to be kept anywhere. The Catholics believed that the divine Lord appointed St. Peter to be under Himself,the ' visible head of the visible body. While among the Protestants they found all kinds of beliefs, and these beliefs continually changing, in the Catholic Church they found only one faith. The same fundemental truths, mysteries, virtues, and duties were impressed alike on Catholics throughout the world. There WAS a field of theological opinion where a man might exercise with freedom, but, let him touch an article of faith and he must be extruded from the Catholic Church. They looked to the priests, the priests to the bishops, and the bishops circled round the throne of Peter; and when he spoke, lo ! it was met with respectful obedience throughout the entire world by men of intellect and piety. Here there was unity.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
SERIOUS ACCIDENT ON TIIE SHIP CANAL

An accident took place on Wednesday on the Ship Canal at Stockton Heath, which in some res- pects was similar to one at Ince about two years ago, but fortunately there was no loss of life. The scene of the disaster is against the new swing bridge at Stocton Heath, at the side of which about twenty men were engaged in making a lock to join a section of the Old Quay Canal to the Ship Canal. At about 3.45 p.m.,seven waggons,attached to an engine had just been unloaded, when from some cause, the engine driver lost control of the engine. and it com- menced to go down an incline, which led to the top of the lock. It then fell over with a crash into the lock, completely filling it, the lock being about ten feet in depth. A bricklayer who was on the ' Stockton Meath-road had observed the oncoming train, and gave warning to the men working in the lock, and they had just time to escape, or otherwise they would almost certainly have been killed. The engine driver stuck to the en- gine, and, wonderful to relate, he escaped without injury. The wagons are a complete wreck, most of them being completely shattered. The engine, which is one of the most powerful of the Ship Canal engines, and called the Gloucester, sustained very slight injury, as the wagons beneath saved it from any severe concussion. Among other damage a theodolite has been broken. Mr. Jackson, the con- tractor, was quickly on the scene, and looked over the work of reparation. About thirty men were set to work at once, to repair the damage, and at about 7 a.m. on Thursday morning, rails had been laid close to the engine, and it was pulled out. The work of getting out the wagons, however, was a more serious difficulty, as they w,,re jammed in the hole together, and the work was continued during Thursday. The news of the accident quickly spread about Stockton Heath, and large numbers of people were soon on the spot and and watched the work of getting out the engine with much interest. We understand that the loss caused by the accident will fall upon the contrac- tor, Mr. Jackson, and not upon the Ship Canal Co.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
REMINISCENCES ON THE BANKS OF THE DEE, AT PARKGATE.*

BY MELROSE. Oh! wonder-working Time. Thy seythe.liath inark'd this as a ruined prey ;

We charge thee with a crime, Thy wandering must have led thee far astray . .

To hurt this noble stream

Where once a county's hope and joy did beam.

Commerce received a blow,

When thou with allies one and all com.bin'd Resolv'd to overthrow A city's pride, with budding wreaths entwin'd !

- Sad was the awful day Thy myrmidons began their wretched play !

Sweet Dee, thy F hallow stream Did once well cope with Britain's proudest river ; The sun of hope did gleam In majesty to make thee fam'd for ever ; Yet unsuspecting deep, Thy bed was destin'd for the ocean's sweep !

Nor worldly sycophants Alone do honour to thee with their praise ; Aurora gently plants Her footsteps o'er thee to transfix the gaze ; The tranquil dawn of day,

Unto perfection dotfi thy form dispi;y.

Luxuriant 'neath her beams, The sun rides o'er thine ever placid form,

Each tiny wavelet gleams, So innocent of any angry storm. A gorgeous spacious wave, As still and holy as the good man's grave !

But,.dark'ning night returns,

And my fond view is vanishing apace; With grief my bosom burns . . . . _

For now the lasCiaint sion can I trace, Farewell, sweet stream, no more I tread thy verdant, quiet honour'd shore ! * The River Dee, several miles wide has been shallowed by the banks or bars of sand, which from time to time have been cast up by the sea.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
111 E EXAMINER. SAYE. FOOTBALL CLUB SPORTS AT WAR- LOCAL GOVERNMENT RINGTON. WIDNES.

The Warrington Football Club were favoured with splendid weather, for the Whitsuntide sports, this year. There was accordingly an enormous crowd of spectators, numbering about 3,600,pe0p1e on the football enclosure on Monday afternoon to witness the Old English Sports and Brass Band contest, which was the programme for that day. The sports were carried out from beginning to end without any hitch, and the spectators appeared to be well satisfied. There was about £3O given away in money prizes. THE OFFICIALS on the field were, Mr. T.Pemberton, clerk of the course ; Mr. J. E. Warren, starter ; Messrs. Percy Davies, W. rierpoint, J. Evans, and H, Ashton, judges; Messrs W. Hewitt, J. W. Evans, W. Speakman, T. Bowers, F. T. Turner, 'P. Barnes. jour., G. Smith, T. Lally, H. Teare, D. Gibson, J. Boyle, J. T. Bate, J. Jolley, and T.Davies, committee ; Mr. T. Pemberton, hon. treasurer, Mr. H. Ashton hon. secretary ; and Mr. Barker, of Roelidale, judge of the band contest. The FIRST EVENT of the programme was a sack race run in two heats. This race caused roars of laughter owing to the frequent falls of the competitors. The race was once round the course, and there were three prizes, first prize £1 10?, second prize 10s, third prize ss, which were eventually won by Messrs. G. Fearnley, first prize ; W. Murrey, ' second prize; and T.Lally, third prize. The next was a DONKEY RACE, no person allowed to ride his own donkey and the last donkey to win, first prize £1 10s, second prize 10s. There were four entries, and two of the donkeys proved to be very obstinate, and delighted the spectators by ' continually upsetting their riders. R. Antrobus' brown 'colt, however, after goiug at a funereal pace four times round the course which was the allotted length of the race, won the first prize, the other prize winner being W. Dunbobbin's Red Eagle.

A T-170 OF WAR six a side, first prize £1 10s, second prize 10s, was the next item and the prize winners were Ashton's team and Rowe's team, first and second respectively. There were three entries for the

THREE LEGGED RACE, and R. Eyes, and L. Bate won the first prize of £1 and James Holmes and John Holmes won the second prize of 10s.

A WHEELBARROW RACE blindfolded, from goal post to goal post followed,for two prizes of £1 and 10s. F. Holmes came in first and J. C. Alstead second, after a very close race. Event Six was an

PRIVATE STREETS PUBLIC SENVE. ND

TECHNICAL 5C11601.8.

On Thursda-.37-a-t-;;;;;; Coic7i-n-eir Charles Henry Laurd, R.E., a Local Government Board Inspector, held an inquiry at Widnes Town Hall, in respect of an application of the Town Council to borrow £15,516 Is. 6d. for works of private street improve- ment. There were present the Mayor (Alderman Gossage), Alderman Sadler, Councillors F. Neil, W. Christie, S. Owens, H. B, Shores, H. S. Oppenheim (town clerk), T. Craik (deputy clerk), S. Hoyle (accountant), J. S. Sinclair (surveyor), Dr. O'Keeffe (medical officer). Woodhouse ( Woodhouse and Willoughby, architects of the Technical Schools. 1 The Town Clerk said he appeared on behalf of the Corporation to support the application to borrow £15,516 Is. 6d. for works of private street improvement The notices had been duly served upon the owners and occupiers under section 150 of the Publie Health Act, 1875. The time specified in those notices had expired some time ago, and no work had been undertaken by either the owners or occupiers. The streets comprised in the application were the following :—Waterloceroad district No. I. Comprising the streets and passages from Hutchinson-st. to Milton-st., the estimated cost being £4,866 10s. Waterloo-road district No. 2. Comprising the streets and passages from Mil- ton-st. to Church-st., the estimated cost being £6,727 6s. 6d. Mill Brow district. Comprising Joseph-st., William-st., and the passages connected therewith estimated cost £3,920 ss. The object of the inquiry was to enable the Corporation to borrow the money for a term of ten years, the whole of which would be repaid by the owners of the property by in- stalments. This was the usual practice of the Corpora- tion, and it had been a most convenient and beneficial practice for the owners and occupiers.—The Inspector said he had an idea that the Local Government Board was reducing the period of these loans to seven years.— The Borough Accountant said the Corporation had one loan at seven years, and others at ten years. The loan at seven years was one of the earlier loaus.—The Inspector said he merely mentioned it because he had heard it was the wish of the Board to restrict the num- ber of years. He would mention ten years to the Boarct and they could act as they wished.—The Surveyor pro- duced plans and gave the Inspector particulars as to the manner in which it was proposed to sewer the streets. He mentioned that in all cases the gradient was very good,and they would be connected with the main sewers which emptied into the Mersey. The passages were generally nine feet wide. The Town Clerk said the Corporation also wished for sanction to borrow £520 for a public improvement in Appleton village. This was a sewer, which commences near the Baptist Chapel in Deacon-road, passes through Appleton village and terminates in Birchfield-road. The work had been nearly done and the Corporation now wished to pay for it. The work was done with-et the sanction of the Local Government Board under the fol- lowing circumstances. This sewer formed part of a scheme which.embraced the improvement and sewerage of Peelhouse-lane, and when Widnes, like other places, was threatened with considerable distress in winter, the matter was brought forcibly before the attention of the Council by the Board of Guardians, the Council took in hand what works they could with propriety for the bene• fit of the aistrict, and which must have been done sooner or later. This was one of the pieces of work they undertook, to provide work for the unemployed.—The Surveyor produced plans and gave details of the sewerage. The Town Clerk said he also desired to make a further application to borrow £10,415 required to erect schools for technical instruction and public free library, under the Free Libraries Acts and the Technical Instruc- tion Act. He was happy to say that the Council were not called upon to pay for a site, which had been given by the Trustees of the Lech estate, and comprised 2,000 square yards. A further application for permission to borrow £10,415 for the purpose of erecting schools for technical instruc- tion and a new Free Public Library. The combined income of the Technical Instruction Committee was £1,725, which was ample to provide for the repayment of the principal and interest, and for carrying out the work of the two institutions. The Corporation were at present carrying on various classes in Science and Art in buildings which they rented, but it was felt that the scope of their work should be much enlarged and greater opportunities given to those who desired to improve their education. The Free Library was a most valuable institution. It contained 5,708 volumes, and the daily average issue was 190. The daily average attendance at the reading room was 519. At present the Library was housed within a building for which they paid rent, and which it was highly probable would be utilized for other purposes whsn a contemplated extension of the Town Hall took place. The Inspector would thus see that there was every reason for providing ample accom- modation both for the teaching of technical subjects and for the numerous frequenters of the Library. In reply to the Inspectors, the Town Clerk mentioned that the application had not been advertised in the usual way, but the Corporation were wishful that the work of construction should commence as early as possible and they therefore wished him to deal with the question at that sitting.—The Inspector said it was highly probable that the Local Government Board would require another meeting to be held in order to conform with the usual regulations, and Councillor Shuttleworth said the ratepayers wh3 objected to the scheme should have an opportunity of coming forward and stating their objections.—The Inspector Quite so. —The Town Clerk said the scheme had been unani- mously approved by the Technical Instruction Commit- tee, the Free Library Committee and the Town Council and, he believed, had the unanimous approval of the burgesses of the borough.—The Mayor, Councillor F. Neil, Councillor H. B. Shores. and Dr. O'Keeffe con- firmed this statement.—ln reply to a question as to the probable date of a future inquiry, should the Local Government Board deem one necessary, the Inspector said he could only make his report to the Board and that Board was a mill which reeved very slowly and ground exceedingly small. The inquiry could not he held much within a month.—This closed the inquiry and the In- spector inspected the plans and site.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
OBSTACLE RACE

run in two heats. fr-i-thi;-;ce-,--ilie competitors had to jump over a barrier,crawl under a large piece of canvas, get through tubs suspended,run up and down planks &e., and the first prize winner was John Green who got £2 for his exertions, and the second prize of £1 was won by D. Gibson. The climbing up the greasy pole was dis- pensed with. The final event was the BRASS BAND CONTEST

open to bands twelve miles O-f -Warrington. There were four prizes of £B, £4, £2, and £l. The test piece was " Theodora," and there were five bands who entered the contest, viz. : " Warrington United," conductor Mr. R. Itimmer ;• • Ashton Temperance," conductor Mr. J. C. Wright ; " Widnes Subscription," conductor, Mr. W. Rimmer ; " Earlestown Viaduct," conductor Mr. J. Makin," "Widnes St. Mary's," conductor Mr. J. H. Har- per. 'rho different bands played the selections in a praiseworthy manner, and evoked frequent applause, " Warrington United " and "Ashton Temperance" hav- ing the best reception. Mr. Barker, amid loud cheers, announced that the prize winners were " Warrington United " first, " Ashton Temperance "second, " Earles- town Viaduct " third, and "Widnes Subscription" fourth. This verdict did not give general satisfaction, and a short altercation took place between Mr. Barker and one or two of the spectators. The following is the report of Mr. Barker on the different bands in the order they played. The numbers refer to the figures of the quadrilles. No. 1 Band.—Earlestown Viaduct 3rd prize. Opening quite tuneful and very smart; solo cornet and euphonium very good ; 2 percussion good, solo cornet and soprano very good ; 3 also very good, 4 opening very smart after 2nd and 4th, time ; ensemble not good ; 5 opening very nicely played, but after bass not quite sonorous, other- wise well played by all. No. 2 Band.—Widnes St. Mary's. Opening not good ; great want of percussion and out of tune, solo cornet not safe and tlie bass made 3 quavers in the last bar of coda, should only be 2 quavers ; 2 ensemble and into- nation not good ; 3 not smart ; 4 still out of tune ; 5 only fair, solo cornet only fair, euphonium good tone ; ensemble percussion and intonation of band not good ; not up to No. 1 band. No. 3 Band.—Warrington United let prize; Opening smart and tuneful ; solo cornet and euphonium very good : 2 also very smart, solo cornet good taste • soprano not safe first time ; rest of band very good ; 3 nicely I played by all ;4 opening very smart and quite tuneful, solo horn and euphonium splendid ; 2nd and 4th times smartly executed by all ' • 5 good opening, solo cornet and euphonium splendid ensemble percussion and into- nation better than No. land 2 bands. No. 4 Band.—Ashton Temperance 2nd prize. Open- ing quite tuneful; solo cornet and euphonium very good also splendid bass ; 2 opening good ; solo cornet the same, sopranolst time not good, all right 3rd time; per- cussion not up to No. 3 band ; 3 also very nicely played ; 4 unison quite tuneful after solo ; horn and euphonium very good ; band playing this figure smarter than Ist 2nd and 3rd figures; 5 good opening; soprano not safe; also solo cornet not safe in 13th bar ; ensemble and in- tonation good; better than Nes. 1 and 2, but not up to No. 3 band.

No. 5 Band.—Widnes Subscription 4th prize; Open. ing quite tuneful ; after unison bars, not smart ; solo cornet and euphonium splendid; 2 opening good ; after solo cornet let and 3rd times net good ; rest of band smart j 3 nicely played by all.; 4 opening very good ; solo horn and euphonium splendid; 2nd time split notes last bar; 5 good opening; after solo cornet shaky ; euphonium very good • 2nd and 4th ensemble not good • better than No. 2 band, but not up to Nos. 1 3 and 4 bans. _ .

After the sports ware over dancing was engaged in until 8.30 p.m. There was a refreshment stall on the field, and refreshments were supplied by Mr. J. Ashton of the Bridge Inn.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
THE QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY.

Queen Victoria on Wednesday entered upon her 75th year. Her age has been exceeded by two occupants of the English throne only—George IL and George 111., who attained the ages of 77 and 82 respectively. On the 20th of June next, her Majesty will have reigned 58 years, a length of time exceeded by one predecessor only —George 111. who occupied the Throne for nearly sixty years. Henry reign 'also extended to 56 years.. The Queen has been a widow more than 31 years. The only Sovereign older than her Majesty is the King of Denmark.

Queen Victoria is writes a London correspondent, so bountifully endowed with children and grandchildren that it is a little difficult to realise the intense interest and importance attaching seventy-four years ago to the slowly disseminated fact that on the 24th of May, 1819, the Duchess of Kent had given birth to a daughter. Joy at the event was accentuated by the still vividly remem- bered grief ef the nation at the death, only eighteen months before, of George lll.'s only grandchild, the Princess Charlotte. During those months the sons of the King alone stood between the Throne and the deluge. The little Princess taken down from Kensington to her father's cottage, near Sidmouth, became, therefore, "the pillar of a people's hope, the centre of a world's desire," and the events of her infancy quickly strengthened the anxiety of the country for her life. For she was only six months old when the death of her father brought her one place nearer to the throne; while six days after that, by the death of George 111., and the accession of the Regent, another step was gained, George IV. stankihag between the baby and the succession.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
PORK-PIE POISONING.

Cases of food poisoning are just now occurring with unusual frequency. Possibly (says the "British Medical Journal ") the hot dry weather is responsible for this, tempting manufacturers to hide under a pie-crust what will not bear an examination by sunlight; and unfortu- nately for the butcher, the action of sunlight or electric light will not destroy the bacteria which have found a resting place in the meat he.offers for sale. We shall ever hear of cases of meat poiscning, as sad as they are unexpected, until we have some means of control over the manufacturers of tinned .neat or the various kinds of pie. In the meantime, people should be warned, and learn that those who partake of meat pies offered for sale in shops and restaurants do so at their own risk. A I case is reported from Peckham where three persons were poisoned after eating pork-pie. The symptoms ware characteristic of what is called ptomaine poisoning, and so were the post-mortem appearances in the unfortunate woman who died. It seems that several persons in the neighbourhood who partook of pork pies derived from the same source were also taken ill. The whole case is being investigated by Dr. Stevenson. Another case of pork-pie poisoning is reported from Yorkshire. Here a whole family of five were poisoned,but fortunately with- out any fatal result. As people either will eat what ;is offered to them, or, for economic reasons, are com- pelled to do so, it seems desirable that the supervision over our abattoirs and manufacturers should be stricter , that it is. In this respect Germany, and especially Prussia, are far ahead of us. The supervision must be directed against the wholesale manufacturer or salesman to be of any use, and the latter should be induced to recognise his responsibility.

ToRACCONISTS commencing" hid, guide (poet free.) TOBACCoNISTS. OUTFITTING CO.-186, Easton-road., London. sat. 1866.-4drt.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
SUB-LETTING A CORPORATION CON-

TRACT AT WIDN ES.

Before Mr. John Brock and Mr. G. Eil kington at Widnes Petty Sessions on Thursday, John Martin, a bricklayer of 54 Wellington-st., sued Messrs. Sayce and Randle, contractors, under the Employers and Workman's Act for ZI O. 10d. wages alleged to be due. Mr. Peters appeared for the complainant and Mr. Knowles for the defendant. Messrs. Sayce and Randle are carrying out a sewerage contract in Lowerhouse- lane, for the Corporation and on the fifteenth February. Martin was taken on by a man who was only known as " Cockney Harry" and who was represented to be the foreman of the firm. He worked until Saturday at noon, 24 hours but when pay-time came the foreman was nooa e.gt, and the men went to Mr. Randle who said he had paid the man the wages and they would find him drunk in some publichouse. One of the workmen asked if 1 • Cockney Harry" was a sub-contractor awl Mr. Randle said it was an impertinent question. Eventually the firm paid the mei.' half their wages.—The defence was that the job was let to " Cockney Harry " at so much a yard and the complainant was his servant and not the servant of Messrs. Sayce and Randle, and it was a piece of generosity on their part to pay half the wages. In reply to Mr. Peters, Mr. Randle said the firm agreed with the Corporation in their contract not to sub-let the works. He had written perhaps about March the 2nd to the Corpsration denying that their work was sublet,and that the brick work was being done by day work.—Mr. Sayce said they had not a written contract with" Cock- ney Harry," and he declined to state at what price per yard the work was let. He did not know that the sub- contractor was a " drunken thief " ; the whole of the men knew that the work was sub-let.—A man named John McCabe corroborated the latter state ment.—Tne Bench dismissed the case. McCabe was allowed 2s. 6d.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. GLADSTONE'S EYESIGHT.

A Chester Correspondent says that Dr. Granger, ophthalmic surgeon to Chester Infirmary, saw Mr. Glad- stone on Wednesday at Chester, where he arrived about noon, having driven from Elawarden Castle. It will be recollected that Dr. Granger attended to the injuries in- flicted on Mr. Gladstone at Chester in June last. Dr. Granger says the mark of the injury has completely dis- appeared. Tested with the usual tests Mr. eilaclstone's sight is above the ordinary standard, even in the eye that was injured. In fact Mr. Gladstone's sight is un- usually good for his age. In referm,ce to the report in the papers that during a recent discussion in the House Mr. Gladstone appeared unable to decipher some reprint or manuscript, Dr. Granger said that after the tests to which he had subjected him, he was of opinion that this was due to the light, and not to defects of vision. The doctor added that he had advised Mr. Gladstone that ordinary work would inflict no undue strain upon his eyesight, and that he need take no special pre- cautions.

DO NOT NEGLECT I Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago, Piles, Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaints. Diseases of Kidneys, Bladder, Urinary Organs, Stone, Gloat, Stria- ture,Seiatiel, Rheumatism, and Gout, will find a positive i cure n Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box, and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Priee ls lid. Of all eUernlsts, or post free for 12 stamps from BOLD- ROI:VS Medical Hall, Cleckheaton, Yorks. Don't be put off. If you cannot get them write to the Proprietor, and a box will be sent hest post.—Advt. Cn Monday nigllt,tllree men were killed and ten badly injured by a train on the Tralee and Dingle Light Rail- way leaving the rails and toppling over when about eleven miles from Tralee. Tuir L"aeULAII BEVERAGE for BresitfaSt, Luncheon, Tea and Supper in all seasons is CADBURY'S CocoA.—Comforting. strengthening, nourishing—for old and young, robust and teeble. CADBURY'S COCOA Is absolutely pure.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
A CArLD.

11M11 EVEREND improvPd .IL6, Mexican Prescription, as discovered in the hot table' Inds of Old Mexico, is a guaranteed cure to all those wh ) Eater from the errors and indiscretions of youth, netvous weakness, physical exhaustion, and early decay. To intro- duce it into /ingland, the Mexican Prescription will be sent free of charge. upon receipt of a self addressed stamped envelope. Only address JOSEPIT HOLMES' Remedy Co.. Bloomsbory Mansions...oloomsbury-square, London, W.C, ;!.I?ntion this paper.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
THE INTERNATIONAL CONFE RENCE

OF MINERS.

DEBATE ON THE EIGHT HOURS QUESTION.

The International Miners' Congress assembled on Monday at Brussels. Among the English delegates pre- sent were Mr. Thomas Burt, M.P. ; Mr. Pickard, M.P. ; Mr. S. Woods, and three other members of Parliament. The prominent foreign delegates included M. Calvignal, Mayor of Carmaux, and M.M. Basley and Cortiier' Mr. Woods was elected English chairman, and M. Calvignal, French chairman, with Mr. Pickard as secretary of the Conference, and Mr. Burt as treasurer. After the usual examination of credentials, ' the first British resolution was brought forward by the Barnsley delegate in favour of an international eight hours' day. He informed the Conference that the pas- sage through the British Parliament of the Eight Hours' Bill was noW assured, and it was evident many other countries were resolved to obtain the same reform. M. Rondet strongly supported the resolution, which was also favoured by M. Pirdboenf on behalf of the full Bel- gian delegation.—M. Cinfzer (Austrian) opposed the re- solution,and moved an amendment thereto, sating forth that the conditions of labour being different in every country, each country and district should be left free to obtain an eight hours' day by the means best adapted to its local eircumstauces.—Mr. Bailey,an English miner, and Mr. Kerres. a Northumbrian delegate,made speeches against the idea of obtaining an eight hours' day by Act of Parliament.—M. Easley pointed out, in ieply to the argument of the last two named speakers, that the North of France was always flooded with English coal whenever a strike was in progress, and that proved that without international union and common legislation the objects of labour were unattainable. The International Miners' Conference at Brussels re- sumed on Tuesday morning consideration of the question of a legal eight-hours' day. The discussion was carried on intermittently for a great part of the day, but led to no definite result, the proceedings being abruptly sus- pended. At the commencement of the sitting it was announced that MM. Basley and Lamendin, two of the French delegates, had been summoned to appear before the Director of Police, and on their return M. Basley re- ported that he had been called to account for his action during the recent strike riots in France, and that he and M. Lamendin—both members of the Chamber of De- puties—had been ordered to cross the frontier before midnight. This led to an excited debate, in which threats were held out that the whole of the French dele- gates would retire as a national protest aeainst the action of the Belgian authorities. A deputation was sent to the Minister of the Interior to ask for the revoca- tion of the order of expulsion. This was refused, where- upon a resolution was passed denouncing the action of the Belgian Government as being aimed at international federation, and exhorting the general body of French representatives to remain at the Conference. The latter appeal was acceded to, and the delegates then rose and I accompanied MM. Basley and Lamendin to the railway 'station in a body, loudly cheering them as the train departed for France. There were nO such scenes of excitement at the Brus- sels Congress of Miners on Wednesday, as marked the , proceedings on Tuesday. Business went on quietly , throughout the day, and satisfactory progress was made in disposing of matters coming before the Conference for consideration. The discussion upon Mr. Bailey's resolu- tion affirming the principle of a legal eight hours' day was ' resumed, and the resolution was ultimately carried, the , number of miners represented in the voting being—For, ' 1994,000 ; against, 100,000. It was also resplved that should it become necessary owing to the various Parlia- ments refusing a legal eight hours' day, a general strike should be declared to obtain the same. Several of the Cont- inental delegates were strongly in favour of fixing a date ' on which the eight hours' system shoulti be conceded, and Mr. Burt, M.P., as strongly opposed the resolution, ' contending that a general strike was utterly impractic- able. Royalties and wayleavea and the employment of ' women in mines were also among the subjects dis- cussed. At the International Miners' Conference at Brussels on Thursday a motion by a French delegate in favour of uniform hours for all workers in or about mines elicited much diversity of views. The majority of the British delegates abstained from voting, but the seven delegates representing the Miners' Natimal Union voted against the motion. The voting—on the basis of members represented—was as follows :—For the motion, 299,000; against, 100,000 ; neutral, 585,000. A proposal of the Continental miners that inspectors should be appointed by the men, though paid by the State, was defeated by 850,000 to 424,000, but a resolution calling for a more efficient system of inspection was passed unanimously.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
LOltD SALISBURY IN ULSTER.

Lord Salisbury on Tuesday entered on the political campaign in Ulster which was originally arranged for I the Easter recess, but had to be abandoned because of the illness from which his lordship then suffered. The over-night journey from Euston to Stranraer was unbroken by an incident of note; but at Stranraer, where his lordship took steamer for Lame, the Hon. H. Dalrymple, son of the Earl of Stair, presented an address from the Unionists of Stranraer and district At Larne, _ . . . _

I Lord Salisbury was received by Lord Londonderri, I Lord Ashbourne, Lord Antrim, Captain M'Calmont, and members of the Larne Unionist Club ; and later in the day was welcomed to Ulster by the chairman of the Town Commissioners, on behalf of the inhabitants of the district. In reply, the Ex-Premier said it afforded him great pleasure; on his first visit to Ireland, to visit such a prosperous district. That prosperity, he said, depended on the maintenance of the union with Great Britain; and on the vigour with which the Unionists now resisted Home Rule depended the welfare and destiny of Iriskmen, Englishmen, and Scotchmen for generations to come. During the journey from Larne to Belfast Lord Salisbury was heartily cheered at varions stations. A popular ovation awaited his lordship in Belfast. At the Northern Company's railway terminus he was pre- sented with a general address, including one from the City Council. His lordship briefly replied, expressing thanks for the hearty welcome, and his appreciation of Belfast's steadfast attachment to the maintenance of the Union. The noble marquis, in the Lord Mayor's carri- age, was then about to drive to the County Down Station, but the crowds in the street took the horses out of the traces, and themselves drew the carriage through the principal thoroughfares, which were decorated with flags. At County Down Station he took train for New- townards, en -mete for Mount Stew-art. At Newtown- ards the cordial demonstrations were repeated, and the Town Commissioners presented an address. Lord Salisbury continued his political campaign in Ulster on Wednesday night, when he spoke at a crowded meeting in Belfast. He said the Home Rule Bill could not be amended to be made acceptable, and in discussing it the Unionists were simply hoping to point out the real nature of the evils, calamities, and absurdities it involved. The talk about Imperial supremacy was only a formality, and it was the same thing with regard to the veto. The current of the world's course was not towards separation but consolidation: and while admit- ting and failing to analyse Mr. Gladstone's marvellous power, he could not lose sight of the fact that the Home Rule project was the scheme of one man. Mr. Gladstone had always yielded to pressure that which he had prev- iously declared to be inviolable and sacred. It seemed paradoxical, but that reputation was for the moment the Prime Minister's strength, every interest and fad expecting to extract concessions from this universal yielder. Time was on the side of the Unionists, and one man could not fight against the people. Resistance to the House of Lords meant resistance to England and to Ulster, and the Peers were not likely to be frightened by a Justin M'Carthy agitation. He characterised the Home Rule Bill as an " intolerable and imbecile bill," as this " accursed bill," and as " this insane eccentricity of I a single statesman," and urged Ulster to do all in its power without resorting to violence to secure its rejec- tion.

At the Ulster Hall, Belfast, on Thursday Lord Salisbury was presented with nearly ninety addresses from public and eoclesiastical bodies and political associatims. In reply, he sail the variety of the addresses showed the width and depth of the Unionist feeling in Ireland. It was not the result of One school of thought, nor the action of one party, but an outburst of the genuine feel- ing of attachment to the state of things under which they lived, and apprehension of the dangers that were lowering, which had come frbin men of all classes and creeds, who hoped that their remonstrances might over- come the influence which ignorance and optimism threatened them with. He repudiated in the strongest terms the suggestion that even if Home Rule were deferred now Unionists would adopt some similar plan. He expressed confidence as to the result of the Unionist resistance to the Home Rule proposals, paid a tribute to the loyalty of the Liberal Unionists, and said historians would- find it hard to get another instance of a party so disinterested, so faithful, and working with such pure and unmixed regard, thinking only of their country, and sacrificing many old associations, anti- 1 pathies, and preferences in order that they might be equal to the great emergency, and that their country might have an adequate band of defenders in her need. Lord Salisbury afterwards lunched privately with the Lord Mayor. After luncheon, the carriage in which the Marquis rode was dragged by working men to the Great Northern Station, from whence he left by special train for Baron's Court, the residence of the Duke of Abeicorn, on his way to fulfil his enga,,oementS at Lon- donderry.

PROPOSED GRANT TO THE DUKE OF

===== 0002601_18930527_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
YORK.

A correspondent having written to Mr. Gladstone call- ing his attention to a statement to the effect that it was likely that the Government would propose a grant to the Duke of York on his marriage has received the following reply

6619, DOWning-street, Whitehall, 24th May, 1893. "Sir,—With reference to your letter of the 19th in- stant, Mr. Gladstone desires me to say that there is no truth in the statement in question, as no such grant as that to which you refer will be asked for by the Govern- ment.—l am, ite., H. SIIAND."

===== 0002601_18930527_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
3.lRs. S. A. ALLEN'S

J WORLD'S vriV 9 HAIR lIESTOILEIL

The natural colour !e- -stored and preserved.

An absolutely per- fect Hair Restorer and Dressing.

THE HULL SfRIKE:-

===== 0002601_18930527_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
RETURN OF UNIONISTS TO WORK.

A SAD OCCURRENCE.

This has been what in future will be known amongst the Hull dockers and Alte_PnbliC.L.aller- ally as "Resumption Day." Contrary to expectation, writes the correspondent of the "Daily News," on Tuesday,everything has been quiet and peaceful in the vicinity of the town docks. A number of men assembled at eix o'clock in the morning waiting "for something to turn up," but; as A matter of fact, there were six times more docks willing and anxious for work than the employers could engage. The selection of gangs for various ships was a matter that excited close observation and much critic- ism. Unionists and non-unionists were sent to work in the holds together. Seven weeks ago there were no non-unionists employed on the docks, and under the circumstances it was anticipated that' disturbSnces would take place. The pessimists did not, fortunately, have their expectation realised. At one time, however, it did seem as though a disturbance would take place in front of Messrs. Wilson's officies. During the forenoon about six hundred men gathered at thp en- trance' and expressed loud discontent at an order of the Hull Dock Company that before men should be ad- mitted to the dock a guarantee must be signed by which they would forfeit their pass on to the quays if they molested, intimidated, or threatened any fellow- workman. Mr. C. U. Wilson, on his arrival in town addressd the men. He pointed out that his firm, had nothing to do with the order of the Dock Company, which was simply issued to protect the dockers. There was work for 500 men on his ships, and he thou:Olt it a pity that there aheuld be this disagreement. What his firm desired was to get all their old hands whc; had wives and families, back to work as soon as possible. With that object the free labourers would be removed from the Albert Dock by the end of the week ; but he wished it to be understood that his firm brought the free labourers to Hull, and they would do so again if the dockers struck work as they did on the sth of April last. Be and his brother, added Mr. Wilson, were prepared to give a sum of money if matters now went smoothly, to alleviate the suffering and starvation existing in the town. Early in the morning Mr. Chesterfield, the district secretary of the Dockers' Union, attempted to take hisi life by cutting his throat. Mr. Chesterfield had for some weeks been suffering acutely, and the excitement and anxiety of the past few weeks have had a very depress- big effect upon Wm. About half-past five on Tues- day morning Mrs. Chesterfield was awakened by hear- ing a noise downstairs, and rapidly dressing herself she descended into the kitchen, the door of which she found to be open. Passing through to the yard, she saw her husband with blood fiowing from a gaping wound the throat. Dr. Stothard was at once summoned, and in reply to a written query by the patient as to his chances of living said " For the next forty-eight hours there is ' a danger of shock to the system, but taking into con- sideration your temperate habits I think there is really a chance of your ultimate recovery. The wound is a serious one, and it will be several months before your convalescence." Mr. Chesterfield also wrote : "I did this myself. I cannot face the misery I see before the men through the action of the Shipping Federations. They do not intend to perform their part of the agree- ment, but mean to crush our men. Buck, my cash is all right. Keys in my pocket. Fifty pound note in the houso to be seat back to Sanders, of Rotterdam. This I was a loan ; but we did not want it. Send it back. My wife knows I kept it here for safety. Why don't they send the blacklegs away,and open the docks to our men. I have no means. I have only a delicate wife. She can- not do for me. Davis gave the keys to me last night. The cash box is in the desk with his branch money 4 You will find the receipt-books in the desk, £3 I3s. 6i. On inquiry at the Royal Infirmary, I learn from the doctors that there are improved hopes of saving the life ofildr. Chesterfield, who at the commencement of the strike refused to accept his wages as district secretary, preferring rather to take strike pay.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT HOME RULE DEMONSTRATION.

A great demonstration in favour of the Home Rule Bill was held in Ifyde Park on Sunday. It was estimated that nearly a hundred thousand people were present. Speaking took place from twelve platforms, the speakers including several members of Parliament. Mr. J. Dillon, M.P., speaking at one platform, referred to the retention of Irish members in the House of Commons, and said that if the English Radicals desired it the Irish members would remain at Westminster after they had got Home Rule, to carry out other reforms; but if the Radicals did not care to have them they were perfectly content to manage their own affairs. Mr. Michael Davitt, speaking on the same subject, hoped the Government would follow the drift of public opinion, and let clause 9 of the bill slide. At each platform, a resolution in favour of Home Rule was carried.

Lord Randolph Churchill has sent to the" Times " a long letter, giving his impressions of Sunday's Home Rule demonstration in London. There was, he says, much that was instructive and nothing that was ths- agreeable in the procession, which he admits was very orderly and its general appearance most respectable re- latively to that kind of procession. His lordship says he received little personal, and that mostly deferential, notice from the processionists ; nothing Of any import- ance was addressed to him, except that in Pall-Mall a group greeted him " with loud cries and exclamations which, though ironical and expressive of strong political disagreement, were not in the least abusive or otherwise than perfeetly fair." One little incident is thus re- corded :—" Just at the corner of the Army and Navy Club one man hustled me and tried to trip me up ; but I turned and looked at him ; he was a very noor little creatc”e, and shrank into the crowd." Lord Randolph Churchill concludes with an appeal to the Uzaionist leaders and active persons of authority in the Unionist party in the metropolis not te neglect, in the important work they are performing among the constituencies, the more thickly populated portions of London, because from what lie saw he had great hopes that among the various classes the procession represented there are many who would be glad to have the Unionist cause put before them, and who might even become converts to the true faith of the union between Great Britain and Ireland.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ROYAL WEDDING.

The royal wedding, it is practically certain, will take place on a Wednesday, but it is not yet fixed whether that Wednesday shall be sth or 12th July. Who are to be the bridesmaids? is a question society anxiously asks; but the answer (so those within the innermost Court circle whispers) will be a great surprise to everybody. The Duchess of Teck —moved by compassion for our neighbours over the water—is entrusting some of the handsomest trousseau orders to a Dublin dressmaker. She has also purchased far Princess May a large quantity of Irish lace. Concerning the bridal arrangements it may be stated that the honeymoon will certainly be spent at Sandringham, and that in the event of the royal pair driving from Buckingham Palace to Liverpool-st. Station, facilities will be offered for many Londoners to see something of the wedding pageant. The Duke of York has shown great taste in hinv.elf suggesting that the form decided upon by his bride eighteen months ago for the City pre- sent should be unaltered in any particular, and the Wedding Committee of the Corporation will be able to carry out their commission with great ease. The service of silver plate first chosen was to hare been of a stock pattern, and therefore no serious loss was sustained by the abandonment of the order. It happenedi that her Majesty possessed some pieces which t was intended to add to those made for the civic fathers, and thns enable the royal pair to set up housekeeping with an exceptionally complete silver service. It is not unlikely that the previous negotiations in this direction will in the main be , revived.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
A PFRSISTET JOKER.

Mr. Labouchere writes to the " Times" that he Is Still receiving attentions from an " unknown friend," who continues to send •ouc orders for goods in Mr. Labouchere's name, has sent presents from him to various gentlemen, has asked a number of people to a party at Mr. Labouchere's house in London, or at his place at Twickenham. and is troubling and annoying tract% in London and elsewhere in England by causing to send furniture and other weighty articles to !al:, don residence.

lesmen. them IS 1,011•

nurrunn CIIItED.—S. .7. SHERMAN, Hernia Sp 64, Chancery-lane, London. sends Lis book on rupb iree. Branch Chambers, 26, King-st., Manchester.

?Diet e.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4-3

===== 0002601_18930527_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
"et,;- r

===== 0002601_18930527_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
1.•

• ; ; - • '

4

ebt " eparnintr " &tries.

01 LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS Comprises THE Warrington and Hid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE Earknown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE .Resneorn Examiner, published every Saturday morning ; and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday morning.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. aomlng under the following heads are inserted in ALL the above-mentioned Papers for ON II CDARG IL as per scale given below. 1 SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTINERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED, MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, HOITSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Ellx Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 64 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT Only. No Adver- tisen cut inserted on credit under 28. per insertion.

Capartnitntgllhirniobeb out, &T.

SCA.HBOROUGH.—SWIFT'S Private Hotel and Boarding- House.—JOHN B. Swrrr, Proprietor.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
Vrotttonal.

kr ALE and FBMALB NURSES INSTITUTION, 70, .01 Hope-st., Liverpool. Bstab. 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical. and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or I.elegraph. "Nurse.." Liverr•ool. lelephone.

Bowsttt OtrbantO, Brt.

WANTED, a good PLAIN COOK; wages £l6 to £.20. Mrs. A. DARIN, The Willows, Grappenhall.

FAHaI SERVANT (female) wanted. who can milk.—Apply to Mr 3 HEWITT, Green-lane Farm, Burtonwood.

------- GENERAL SERVANT WANTED ; good wages.—Apply, 11121.1ND:101T, Cavendish Road, Eccles, Manchester.

RESPECTABLE, trustworthy GIRL wanted, age 16, for small family, homely place.—Apply 33, Argyle-road, Garston.

WANTED , SITUATION 89 carriage groom or otherwise, age 19, good character.—Apply H. WILSON, Hotharn, Brougb.

VXPERIENCED NURSES. Housemaids, Cooks, and Gene- rals may be suited at once. Miss HUDSON, Iriam-st., Warrington.

'yrs. IkIRRRIIT, Registry Office. 11, Durham-st., Roch- dale, requires good Genersle, Cooks, Housemaids, and 'Young Girls.

WANTED, good GIiNBRALS. age 18 to 25.—Mrs. JONES, Registry Office for Ladies and Servants, Cavendish. street, Keigbley.

WANTED. Good General SERVANT for small family in Derbvsh re ; good home to suitable girl.—Address 77, High-st.. Glossop.

WANTED. stroug GENERAL SERVANT 18 to 20. with good referenoes.—bira. J. FOBSIIIIT, 106, Virginia- it., Southport.

NURSS.—Stverior Young Pereon Required, to Resist in houeewerk.—,tate age, reference, &C., to Mn. ILLTON, Beachwood, Llandudno,

LADIES can be suited with Servants Respe table Girls introduced to situations —Apply, Mrs. Lecx, Registry Office. 12. Albert-road. Widnes.

RB-BIitGAGBMENT WANTED 911 Footman under a Butler ; age 24. good reterence.—Address TYLER, Middleharn. E.S.O. Yorkshire.

QOOO GENERAL SERVANT WANTED, able to do plain cooking; good reference required, wages £2o.—Easroun, inddl,ton-road, Weskyartlepool.

WANTED, Ladles' Help, Attendants, Goveruesses,House- k epers, Mothers' Helps, Ice., ac. ; high-class, agency. —2B, Clifton-at., Wolverhampton.

WANTED, Situ Anon as GROOM and COACHMAN; age 30; married ;no children; good references.—Addreas M., 18. Aberdeen Terrice, Scarborough.

WANTBD a Situation as single-handed Gardener; good all-round ; married; age 37; good references ; country preferred.—R. S,mkiss. Linley, Broseley, Salop.

GENERAL for private houte (country). small family good references required.— Apply Mrs ITARTFY. The Kite House. Coventry Road. Yardley. near Birmingham.

WANTED. GENERAL. about 25; at wash, plain cook; good character required.—Aprly by letter to B. H. PH.NINGITON 54, Bank field-road, Huddersfield.

WANTRD.—Two clesn. respectable GIRLS ; Protestants ; ages 18 and 20 : one as good General the other House- maid-Norse.—Apply 37, Radstock-road, Fairfield, Liverpool,

MT A 7,,,T.ltaDy ViTvUe pair or ras singleowmegoae. ghmanood ct;iars:cnt,g.lre: married when suited.—Address J. DERRICOTT, Ashton. Leominster.

PEEL, ISLE OF MAN.—Furnished House or Apart ments ; delightful situation, splendid views; three minutes from Seaeliff. -Miss Nytt., South-view Villa.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
Gabout 16, from country, as General, In small family cornfortale home. and goo-A wages ; first time out no obissetim,—Mrs. CART/SR, Church-road, Halliwell, Bolton, Lancaohire.

AB COACHMAN, and UNDER-COACHMAN, or Groom, by fatherand and ; thoroughly understand all duties ; unexceptional references.--CAre of J. BRICTLKY, 16, Chats- worth-place, Manningham, Bradfird.

MrANTRD. good Plait. COOK, who CAII wash clothes. Alsc strong girl, who can milk, to assist cook, at gentleman's farming residence —HERBERT R. HEAP, Ciltal- garth, Bala Merionethshire, North Wales.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
Mantrb.

AGENTS wanted for jewellery, 'Toone, and eutlery.—Ad- drela DR , E•amtner Office, Warrington.

AGENTS IVANTBD to push first-class machinery oils. Liberal Commission —Box 22. Post Office, Liverpool.

—PAP TNEII, WANTED In a good ready-money . lan.lness.—Address Box 22, Exlminer Office, War-

rin atm' .

LAIM ES', Gentlem an en's d Childrene cast off clothing wanted. Irigher.t prices given.—Address Mn. BURNS, 15, Midwo..d-st. Widnes.

ATEDICAL.--Well Qualified Middle-aged Gt-ntlemau open to assist practitioner few hours daily.—Address L.5.A.,56, Parker-street, Warrington.

AN old established firm require a SALESMAN as Traveller. ti Every encouragement given to a suitable man.—Ad- dregs Mercator." Erantiner Offile, Warrington.

TOBACCONISTS commencing. Hid. Guide (post free.) 1 How to commeace. TOBACCONISTS OUTFITTING CO.. 18s, Eueton Road, London. Manager, Henry Myers. Est. 1866.

TOBACCONISTS and those commencing should call or send for our Price List. Competition decd.—GommExo'S, Paradise-st., Liverpool. Established 1850.

T BIT OFF CLOTHES bought, best price for parcels for- IA warded, if not approved, goods returned.—JAMES GOR- MAN, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326,328, and 346, Deansgate, Manchester.

SECOND-lIAND DRESS SUITS, Military, Theatrical,Band Uniforms for sale or hire.—JAstcs Goarda2r. New and Soccnd-hand Clothes Dealer, 325, 328, and 346, Deansgate, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits perfectly new at a third cost price.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
- fitatbinerp,. szr., on Oale.

T RON FENCING, SHEEP and CATTLE HURDLES. Don't be mislead by special advertised offers. but before buying write for our Illustrated Catalogue, free on applica- tion. - BAYLISS JOYES & BAYLISS, Iron Fencing roanufac- :urers, Wolverhampton. London Office and Showrooms. 139 & 141, Cannon Street. London.

48-HORS VI PORTABLIi TINGINN for sale or hire,and all kinds of mach I u ery for sale.—Joux BONNELL, Longford- street, Waning! on.

SBENCH, with dreg motio, and saws £l6 ; Saw Bench n and hand saw frame combined. £l2 ; general joiner, with saws el•nt b'ock, by Robinson £l5; thfcknessing machine, 18in. cutter block. L2o.—GBEENwoob's 39, Nuttall- St., Rochdale.

QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS LIMITED (late Ormerod, Crierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS, Mlllwright, and all kinds of Engineeeing Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli. eation.—Telephoue 229.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. • Hays in Steck ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

pATENT OFF ICE, MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Idessrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have had more than 40 years personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment. and possess practical knowledge of theTotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price is. GEORGE DAVIES. C.E., SON, F.1.P.A., 9, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCUESTER.

AWARDED OVER 37g PRIZE MEDALS. BRADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY - APPROVED LAUNDRY & DAIRY MACHINERY. COMPLETE OUTFITS FOR HAND AND STEAM POWER. Catalogues Free Correspondence Invited. THOMAS BRADFORD Sc CO.. 130, BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL; VICTORIA-AVENUE, MANCHESTER; Also SALFORD and LONDON.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
MSNAI BElDGB.—Sitting and 20r 3 bedrooms.—Apply Mrs. 131. ms ROBERTS, 6, Bryn Afon, Menai Bridge.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. ANNES-ON-THE-SHA.—Several very select furnished private houses. Two to 10 guineas week.—Tayx.ow,Chemist.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
DLACKPOOL.—Comfortable and pleasant apartments. 1-1 S near Central Station and Sea.—Mrs. Silas!, 37, Hull- road.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
ISLE OF MAN.—Cornfortable APARTMENTS, including bath. &c., at Water Edge, College Green, Castletown.— H. SHIMMIN.

WlECAMBlL—Cornfortable Lpartments, facing Sea. 1 private or public, terms moderate.—Mrs. Timarrox, Springfield,

A BOMB FROM BOMB—Mrs. J. B. SEDDON, 7, 11. Warbrlck street, Chapel-street, Blackpool, near the South Pier.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
A PARTMENTS at Grange-over-Sands ; splendid situation, £ll. terms moderate.—Miss tricitom.s, Bella Vista, Grange- Fell-roael.

COLWYN Hay.—Apartments.—Double-bedded Room and Sitting Room, 15s. per week.—JONES, Edgbasten House, rk-rond.

LLANFAIRFECHAN.—ComfortabIe APARTMENTS, on the Parade. Terms moderate.—Mrs.Tozos, 8, Glan-y- Mor Terrace.

CZ OUTIIPORT.—APARTMENTS, beautifully furnished; 1.3 central and moderate charges, comfortable home, bath, w.c.-8, Derby Road.

T LANDUDNO.—Apartrnents (with or without board), at LI J. M. HOLLIDAY'S aloddaeth-st., confectioner, Ic. Terms on application.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
WALES.—Large furnished Sitting-room and two Bed- rooms at a farm in beautiful country.—Apuly H.A.J , Llanrhaiadr, Oswestry.

PDEBT., ISLE OP MAN.—Comfortable APARTMENTS overlooking bay and castle, close to beacb.—Mrs. QUAYLE, 5, Peveral Terrace.

eIIIESTER.—TO LET, for show week, large well furnished V drawing-room, two bedrooms (central position).— Address 41 Pepper-st., Chester.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
COLWYN BAY, NORTH WALES. Clifford Boarding Establishment. 2 Central Buildings. Abergele-road, terms from 21s. to 30s. weekly.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
UPERIOR APARTMENTS M Farmhouse, two minutes kY walk from Sea —Mrs. WALLER, Hawthorne Cottage, Cart Lane. Grange-over-Semis.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
LLANDUDNO —Boarding House, two minutes' work from pier; home comforts. Moderate terms. - -Miss WILLIAMS. Bryn Arfon.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
PNMAHNIKA.WR.—WeII-furaished rooms. with good sea view ; close to sands; comfortable ; terms moderate Mrs. THOMAS, Oxford House.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
rpoWYN NORTH WALES.—Brynmair. splendid sea and I mountain views. comfortable APARTMENTS. salmon and trout lishlng.—Mrs. 3lonnts.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
A PARTMENTS, MORECAMIIR-BAY.---Miss Jackson's /A. Kensington-road pleasant sitting-roams, public oe pri- vate, central. Near lea and station.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
HYL—Comfortable APARTMENTS. dose to sea and lA, station. with every home comfort. moderate terms.— Apply Mrs. Owrss. 10. Water-st.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
T AKR DISTRICT, DKRWENTWATER.—emntry apart- -1...4 merits, healthy situation, garden, farm, fishing, refer- ences.—Miss CLARK, Newlands Vale, Keswick.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
Q EAST DB COTTAGE; six apartments, beautiful situation, retlre4: summer months; plate, linen If required.— Miss Monson, Doon Cottage, near Kiriccuarlght.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
HYL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS; close to church; monntain view ; five minutes' from sea and station ; terms moderate.—Apply Mrs.EYANS, I, Castle-view.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
ISLE OF MAN.— Good accommodation for visitors with or without board.—Mrs. laso•kn (late ot Warrington), York House, Castle Drive, Douglas (near the palace).

===== 0002601_18930527_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
1 ARE DISTRICT.—ULLSWATER.—ComfortabIe APART- -1.4 near the lake. terms moderate.—Apply Mrs. MURRAY. West side. Glencidcting, Patteriale. Ullswater,

===== 0002601_18930527_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
iILEAN and comfortable LODGINGS at Douglas House. NJ No. 8. St. George's.st. off Athol-it. one minute's walk tram railway station terms moderate.—Douglas, Isle of Man.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
MANDOLIN, GUITAR, ZITHER, and BANJO, taught by PROFESSOR BNNIS and SENORA RANDA.—Address Victoria Chambers. Whines.

GEDDES'S DANDELION C OFF EE

' The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Bold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 5d., 10d., and ls. 8d each. Wholesale by J. Gimp= a Sox, Warringtass.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0078.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
(ED ur at ton.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0079.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IMEIMMI

===== 0002601_18930527_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
4 •

It 6 J p pribatt erratt).

(ti )-5 ,bp Vribatt Ertatp.

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, MAY 27, 1893.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
SEVERAL LOTS of HOUSES on Sale.—Apply J. KEtf- WORTHY, Timber Merchant. Warrington.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
EARTHENWARB.—Seconds, in crates, £2; best useful Goods, £3; write for lists.—ElßLE WORKS POTTERY, Lougton, Staffordshire.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
J SALE, MANURE WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. HOSKIN°, 16, Fenwick-Street, Liverpool,

WATER PURIFIER COMPANY.—No smelling reservpirs no boiler shale Nove Crystals, lewt. ZOs. delivered free.—Priory Chambers, Oldham.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
J ARGE PARCEL beautiful AUSTRALIAN ORCHIDS 14 posted on receipt 7s. 6d, Post Office Order.—LINDSAY, South Grafton. New South Wales.

FOR SALE FOUR HOUSES Stockton Heath, well built charming sf nation, good tenants, all conveniences, cheap.—WARBURTON, Stockton Heath.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
ECZEMA.—A lady who has beea a great sufferer for several v.ars and Is now cured, will send prescription on receipt of .P.O. for 2s. 6d.—W., 38, Disraeli-rd., Putney.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
?TANNED NETTING.—For preserving Fruit Trees, F;ower 1_ Beds, .tc., from frost and blight. 35 square yards for is. ; sent any width. Carriage paid on all orders over 55.- IfENRI' Joint GmisoN, Fish Merchant, Bye.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
‘azilor and HOUSE TO LET corner of Dallam-lane, and ki Owen-street, rent 6s fid. per week cleared.—Apply 24, Allen-street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
VARLESTOWN. - TO LET good Shop with premises, in A-4 Bridge-et., suitable fee any dry trade.—Apply FEAKE, Queen-et., Earlestown.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
TO LET, PREMISES, In centre of Warrington, suitable for 1. small workshops.—Apply ASHTON and WOODS, Solicitors, 65, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
'llO LET, Rouse, Eagle Mount, Stockton Heath, Rent £lB. _L Three bedrooms. parlour, sitting-room, kltehen,and other convenience9.—Apply W. BOSTOCK, builder, Wildersz,ool.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
iliatrunonp.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
SALLSOPP & SON'S MILD AND BITTER ALES • And D'AROY & SON'S OBLBBBATBD DUBLIN STOUT In 9, 18, and 36 Gallon ()asks, or portly'. AGENT

PETER LEIGH, /1011811 MARKET STERET, WARRINGTUN,

ROCHE'S BERBAI4 EMBROCATION.

'OWL CORN, LIGHT WHEAT, HARI, BUCK WHEAT, and GALATZ CORN. CARTER & SON, CORN DEIALERS, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
Great Clearance Sale of Second-hand Clothing during the Neat Few Weeki.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
- - 4 19 6—GOLD CURB ALBERT stamped cm every link, with curb patt. seal to match, set with Cornullan and Blood Stone, the whole weigh- ing nearly 3ounces 4119 6

===== 0002601_18930527_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
ROE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
elantrarts.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
egg% Voultrp, Bcr.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
Tips 'CHARD RATHEONE Stockton Heath, offers his pnra Ii MIffORCA e:gs and Cooks. Langshan Minoreas Waiter layers 'acad. per sitting fertility guaranteed.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
ilffoiirp.

Elsto £l.OOO ; interest £.6 I6s. per £lO3. Prospectus tree. South Lancashire Company, 27,Braaennose-st, Manchester.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
T HE HUM A.N HAIR. IF YCJUR HAIR IS FALLING OFF, Consult, S. TAYLOR, or Use is Renowned Preparations, CANTHARIONS EXTRACT and POMADE, which are CERTAIN RESTORERS of tbe HAIR.

TAYLOR'S SEDATIVE AND NUTRITIVE CREAM is Infallible for perfectly Itbileving tho Skin from Irritation atui Freeing the Hair from &surf. Prepared only by S. TAYLOR, HAIRDRESSER AND

PHRITMER, 26 AND 28, KINO-STREET, MANCHUTIIIt,

===== 0002601_18930527_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
tteles by sa urttatt.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
BY MR. R. WHITESIDE.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
By Mr. THOMAS TUNSTALL.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
By Mr. THOMAS SUTTON.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
ILOBS, i of West of lisgllnct suitable for Autill2o

ITS. }sos. [MORS. IUSBRINGS

tg Dress.

RRINGTON. and ST HELENS•

it ic the if en *11( u apt Apt dep ot

' iii tiCE ROV gIY Pht bri w€ a

===== 0002601_18930527_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINE

SATURDAY, MAY 27, 1893

Silt ARTHUR BLACKWOOM' bf f t The Post Office, chief of the permanent stae,°-. Post Office, has recently Put cord some interesting particulars of the grea" partment over which he is placed. Sir ; the BLACKWOOD, it is needless to say, is on° best abused of permanent officials, just as the a of Office is one of the most severely criticise to our public institutions. Yet, it would be eaSY take this abuse and this criticism too For, after all, every Briton is proud of the Office•;. and,. when in a suitable humour, he out unstinted praise of the administrative displayed in its management. As Sir BLACKWOOD himself says, after enumerating of the favourite criticisrns,the Rost Office is • lar with the public. Everybody trusts it, most people say, "There is nothing Post Office ; it is a marvellous machine. ,t officials are, of course, always in re' plenty of complaints and grievances, ary or otherwise ; but on the other they receive not a few expressions„, gratitude, A great deal of caustic critic' poured. out upon the " red-tapeisre " 41'00 formalities of the department, but even to a ot there is an answer the force of which can 13.00,1 denied.. The Post Office, we are told, insi4tiboeefi'l ibly on observance of rules, because it is itse`c" otie by rules—by Acts of Parliament, Orders Treasury warrants, &c.,—and because obedience to rules that the the vast interests entrusted to the convenience of , the public, ailed se° depend. In order to keep the comPlie'a exquisitely adjusted machinery of the ratsaiiyl). always in working order, it is, it maY °- believed,, necessary to exact the most to, compliance with fixed rules. Says BLACKWOOD, in a drily humorous NOY?' 1„il sr. body of course thinks that in his partion;, the Post Office needn't be so strict ; buLe not without evidence that con sion P" • hol• ces „ Wit , laxity there are fraught with disaster- 0, 0-4 strict rules and without strict adherence' ply rules the postal department would .10 gen!, the prey of those who are not above it lltri)10%; practice.. The British public, we are 11pan,. seen through Post Office spectacles is a 50P seen or '‘`:t3r Shabby tricks are adopted to save a P°11,12110 ; Coin is sent in newspapers, in cakes, and, to ' ways, to avoid the registration fees? n° a to e little army of clerks has to be maintei'lellesttes,o amine telegrams,newspapers and other. oPel iv Pi to, prevent fraud, and safeguard the reven familiar impeachment that the Post o f6-o°ol ,00°,ct, .nseo"",v se; does not move with the times, Sir ithos incij,;o does not plead guilty. Ho traverses' ta toiliP • meat by pointing to the increase of Pc' t quo) in the last five and twenty years. °1.,15.0 sg long list as enumerated by him. All piinclqiip, the reforms of the future, he point o edlY ti'spaboid that the Post Office is the servanv °in tbe Putio "Aye, Aye, ready," is its motto. ,t let • dolog' a tPo. requires it to do more than it is ad All Government of the day give the 1" and House of Commons vote the bl"eY10, guarantee that they shall be ready, 5/P hag to do it."

Abuse.uru making e u t. s ausioeti Political Tnm cause of o Ilrae 00 j 5 5 to Government's sufticient PrOresf t/lii cola most ardent °O-11 0 satisfy the , have been piePtpeolyr tehres.atelntsoouptpocrtles ';, eoiciatbo; argument ana reason. They have abana°l3.3 Dote weapons a which con vince and pers se: uade) 95) i3l3° i fallen upon the most violent aba h ii 000 even this.ck v' discroditablo instrument lcioes become utterly ineffective, if they contlrobioll• 't use it. in °I The vocabulary is e present illarnOdOlate I.ge t can hardly of abuse is pretty estento.; or jam, it by :stand the strain %Thiel' sßpAexechmLiemmabdeerosn mof otnhcolayOPP°siti°ll. at D°3°/It'fra tb° I l whichsome C u R c Tr 1 L L co , for inStSO°C Presenvecti°ll : Britih public with a remarkably' ch°iceha eils to i of epithets. The finances of Ireland, „eyt ad ' are to be handed over to a

9

the fo9', t .00 seri rost lii. Assil6f* 050, F 010; the Vi• of inisoll; of , lb , rotig OP as ~ove oPa With° -

1

===== 0002601_18930527_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
BOYDELL THE LEADING TA. Are now showing a splendid selection and Scotch Tweeds, Overcoatings, &c., and Winter Seasom ays. f sBUSINESS SUI' UITS for the M An Endless Variety of TRG 135., 165. 6d., Ac., Special attention given to Ev

Perfect Fit Guarani 8.8. respectfully invite inspection. 37. BRIDGB-STBEBT, W. Also at MANCHESTER.

LITXRPOOL.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0108.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Wal tito

===== 0002601_18930527_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
inf frr Ai lio WE \ll7 lir Tr 411 Tr it It th th

40 til b..

‘-,"7

111 VI ti Ai W L V h

R

a: Ai a

===== 0002601_18930527_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
governrnenl

ill.di tice,

IlBpoE

oppressii

goglsa!

gi9 and tttY, w `lgands

Were lc bOtpifs sooner know Si

gen;

80-calli

4CCOrding

led persons " who prefer "plunder, injns- sion and tyranny to any other form of at." A little later on this" set of hun- ill-disposed persons," became a "lawless vho were nothing better than political' and political Nihilists," and then they daily described as an "Irish gang" and led Nationalist crew." In LORD RAN- opinion any man in his senses would md money to the Turk than to his own lbjects who happen to live in Ireland. to the same orator, who, by the 'way tho ' "ems to have left all his old smartness, liinsug;ll none of his verbal violence, behind is 41 the African desert, Mr. GLADSTONE an " unconscionable old statesman," Zid. his policy is " based upon despair, upon cow- Thelee_, and upon the lowest party speculation." 11 rRUMIER. is afterwards transformed into a thgt_ and old genius," and as one of the authors of treacherous policy" he is consigned to tieverlasting political perdition." These are the lee flowers of rhetoric which are to be found in wgte abort Speech Of LORD RANDOLPH CHURCHILL, iS ranked high amongst the leaders of the niat party. That such language is not merely 4,13 ailded at excited meetings, but afterwards ZRoved in cold blood is very fair evidence of the ta oralisation that has set in amongst the "party '4 gentlemen."

LTHE Welsh Land Commission is The Welsh . lad Question, doing excellent work in giving the I. publicity to the grievances of nant farmers of Wales. Some of the less dicious members of the Conservative party hate sh .wn a disposition to accuse the Liberal ernment of neglect of the agricultural in- try. Agriculture,they say, is dealining and the t nvernment refuse to propound any legislative jtiledY• It is a hardy accusation considering that the Tory party themselves held office and POwer until a few months ago, and yet did no- thing to substantiate the claim they make of be- illg the "farmer's friend." The remedy which they desire is, of course, of the nature of protec- i"--some scheme or ether which will tax the rest of the community in order to keep up the rents of the landlords. But the evidence which is being submitted to the Welsh Land Commission i)ninta to the need of a far different kind of ,Nislation. One tenant tells of his crops being destroyed by swarms of rabbits and pheasants frorn the landlords warren, of fences and field pro- duce being broken and trampled down by the .andlord's shooting parties, and of the hard work- ing cultivator himself having to witness this vaPoliatien—f or such it really is—in silent indigna- tion On venturing to put in a claim fcr compensa- tion the paltry sum of seven pounds was allowed the tenant for damage amounting to over fifty _P"nds. Another claim for damage by rabbits ~,'eaulted, says a witness, iA a "notice to quit." "'hen we are told that, in Glamorganshire, "Non- Conformists are at a great disadvantage in aPPlying for and keeping holdings." In fact it is affirmed that, in some quarters, Nonconformists need not apply, not only for a farm, but for a cottage, and tenants dare not hold a Liberal meeting. After some recent experi- ences in Cheshire, people in this part of the country will find no difficulty in giving credence to most of these allegations. In Wales as in many other parts of the country,it is quite a common thing for rents to be raised on tenants' improvernents,and,altogether,the farmers there are in many ways harassed and discour- aged. Under the circumstances, it is not surpris- ing to learn that land is going out of cultivation, and that the tenants, on their side, are crying out for legislation of 'a protective but not of a pro- tectionist character.

Miners in THE International Conference of Conferen Miners which has been held this co. week in Brussels can hardly fail to promote what is known as the "solidarity of labour." Its proceedings certainly testify that, With the exception of the dissident minority in the Il.orth of England, the miners of Europe are prac- ticallyunanimous in the demand for the eight 13.iirs day. The resolution which "affirmed the 4_l)llosipal of a legal eight hours day from bank rbank, and advised all nationalities to use every fegitimate means to adopt the same" was voted ,cir 14Y the representatives of close upon nine hun- 'red thousand miners, while those who wore op- Posed to it represented one hundred thousand work- iteri who are returned as being employed in the rrth of England. The Conference went further :lan this, and indeed it went further than it has °ll at any previous meeting. It resolved that, if the various Parliaments refuse a legal eight hours day, an international strike of miners Tilhonld be declared to obtain what was demanded. 1118 was proposed by a delegate of the ,e°teli miners, and, like the previous resolution, it 'af et With opposition chiefly fiom the delegates krein tourham and Northumberland. Mr. T. BURT Was the principal speaker against the pro- Ivt'usal which he characterised as ridiculous. There 1,1;18, however, some force in the rejoinder of Mr. jonissox, of Warwickshire, that while Mr. T:ItT opposes legal measures on the ground that aila'des Union action is sufficient in itself to secure that is required, he was now condemning TT. it-a. " Union action itself. The resolution was, needless to say, endorsed by a large majority. tjuils, at the same time, reassuring to note that no e has been specified for the commencement of Roe O'eneral strike, and we may be sure that before ti2a6raentous a step is taken there will be ample :" for consideration and discussion.

A, WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL. ',the recent competitive examination held by en-r.ztajesty's Civil Service Commission to select I,,lneer students for the Royal Navy, A.L. Pickton, 27tte Warrington Grammar School, obtained the ta,..,.Place in order of merit among the successful quldates.

Th INTERESTING TO VOLUNTEERS. r sat 0 e War Office has nearly completed its mobili- tor &Theme in so far as Lancashire and other th them counties are effected. Immediately on Rra outbreak of hostilities the yeomanry cavalry ,01 to be sent to Chatham and Tilbury, and the thinnteer artillery will go to the south coast or to Mersey forts. The Manchester Volunteers will 111, themselves at Epping. The Cheshire Volunteers L 'also be called upon to take part in the defence of ond °ll. The exact position which the Isle of Man lia:lnteer company will have in the great scheme Dot yet been allotted. CROFT BOARD SCHOOL. Vel4r6 .1)". Owen, sen., hon. clerk to the Sonthworth- tlonh-Croft School Board, has just received the re- atirtMajesty's Inspector of the result of the Jltal Government Inspection of the above school, 1,7.!Qt last month, from the Education Department. report is highly satisfactory, and shows a con- _uenrable increase in the Government grant. The t this year, including the drawing grant, :tuo. nuts to .£9O 12s. the report on the drawing ex- i°34ol_ In ti on showed that the " excellent " merit had gained, which was not obtained last year. !'"ttain repairs nod alterations to the schools were itoommended by her Majesty's Inspector, which t4e School Board are now carrying out, and hope to ve completed in a short time.

.;f

===== 0002601_18930527_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
,------..

El B AT. re, is

'rid Distrl°.

es sold eVerf

__-------..

up BIOS'

t he Nl° 3 ShOP, high

TANI' prrfq CALV.I3'",,ro opted s 5 gs. 6d. Tti3l‘

is 0— 0 yres6 4,119 aefil 5 ... fo',l ore i 000" a ou rig to 611'1%0' fsollihot 'stol 181 t tir po osi of, giti' 'Oll 'Yeti et .„ telP aga

gmikL

===== 0002601_18930527_art0112.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18930527_art0113.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18930527_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

- - A WIDNES ORGANIST IN BELFAST. Mr. J. J. T. Ainsley, F.S.Sc., principal of the Widnes Academy of Music, presided on Thursday at the grand organ in the Ulster Hall, Belfast, when the presentation of addresses of welcome were made to the Marquis of Salisbury, K.G. Go to Petycnsen's, 51, High-street, Ituncem, for the best FIVE GUINEA. Warms a workingman can have.—Advt. NEW POOR RATES IN WIDNES DISTTICT. Their worships affixed their signatures to the poor rates of is. in the £ for the townships of Bold, Dittos, and Cronton. They were respectively estimated to pro- duce £915, £961, and £231 14s. 6d. MOSS BANE SUNDAY SCHOOL, WIDNES. The anniversary services in connection with the above school were held on Sunday, when two sermons were preached by the Bev. H. H. Ashby (Didsbury). In the afternoon a service of song, entitled "Gems from the life of John Ashworth," was rendered in an admirable manner by the scholars. Councillor F. Neil effectively read the narrative portions, and Mr. W. Owens pre- sided. The collections realised £l7 6s. If you want your WATCH REPAIRED by skilled workmen take it to PRITCHARD'S.—Advt

FOUND DEAD IN THE MERSEY. On Thursday afternoon, Mr. Coroner Woreley held an inquest at the Weaver Hotel, Weston Point, on the body of a Ran unknown. On Tuesday, Captain Yates, of the steamship Preston was surveying the deep in the river, when he saw the body floating and he towed it to Wes- ton Point. It was in an advaticed state of decomposi- tion and altogether unrecognizable. There was nothing in the pockets of the clothing to lead to identification. His possessions included a pipe, a penknife, and a six- pence.—A verdict of found dead was returned. THE ALLEGED KICKING OUTRAGE AT RUNCORN. On Saturnay morning at Runcorn Police Court, before Mr. James Handley, the charge of unlawfully wounding Frank Lyden, a navvy on the Manchester Ship Canal, by kicking him and breaking his jaw, in Penketh-lane, on the 29th ult., was again preferred against James Finne- gan, lodging-house keeper, Mersey-et. Superintendent Atherton asked for a further remand for a week, as the injured man was still unable to appear. This request was granted, and the accused was admitted to bail him- self in £4O and a surety of a like amount.

- PRITCHARD'S have now stood the test for fifty years, aril quality and first-class workmanship are still guaranteed.— Ada . CRUELTY TO A HORSE AT WIDNES. At Widnes Petty Sessions, on Thursday, Robert Hughes, a carter Was summoned for working a horse in an unfit condition and William Longton, Ropers Farm Whiston, his employer was summoned for caus- ing the animal to be worked. On the 17th inst. P.C. Almond saw the horse drawing a cart, and an examina- tion revealed that it was suffering severe pain from sores cmoanndui trieo nf roof mt h Widnes.— nd inme se. l_teringht oe nt owl dals-ii him nt oedf e t2cohs on the shoulders. Hughes said his master knew of the some costs and Hughes ss. and costs.

JosFra PRITCHARD, 51, High-street, Runcorn, keeps SPECTACLES to suit all sights, from a shilling a t air.—Advt. THR VACANCY ON TUB WIDNES SCHOOL BOARD. On Wednesday evening, a meeting of the combined Church Councils was held in St. Paul's Parochial Room, to consider what steps should be taken in appointing a successor to the Rev. G. M. Garrett, as member of the Widnes School Board. The name of the Rev. W. Hodg- son, the new vicar, had been previously mentioned but on Wednesday it was unanimously decided to ask Alder- man j. W. Wareing,who was defeated at the last election by a narrow majority to fill the vacancy. It is not likely that any opposition will be offered by the Board to the appointment, if Alderman Wareing accepts it. ROBBERY EROM WIDNES BATES.

At Widnes Petty Sessions on Thursday, Robert Green, aged 12 years, of 78, Davies-street, was charged with stealing 3s. and a purse, the property of William Atli- gan, of 5, Pear-street, on Tuesday. The parties went to the baths on the date named to have a bathe. They un- dressed themselves in the same room, and prosecutor was taking the money out of his pocket to put into a safe place, when prisoner suggested that he should put it into his shoes. This was done, and soon after enter- ing the water Green left, dressed himself, and took away the purse and money, which he subsequently handed to another youth.—The magistrates ordered that he should receive six strokes with the birch rod.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
THEFT OP A BICYCLE AT WIDNES,

At the Widnes Petty Sessions, on Thursday, before Messrs. J. Brock and G. Pilkington, a young man named John Connolly, 20, Ellis-street, was charged on remand with stealing a bicycle, value £lO 10s, the property of James Plumbley, Halewood, on the 20th inst. Mr. J. W. Knowles defended. The prosecutor stated that he went into the Grosvenor Hotel, Widnes-road, about half past ten o'clock on Saturday night,leaving his bicycle outside. He was in the hotel about five minutes, and when he came out his machine was not there. The defence was that it was a drunken freak on the part of the defen- dant. The Bench ordered the defendant to pay the costs amounting to 30s. JOSEPH PRITCHARD, Watchmaker and Jeweller, 51, High- at., Ruacorn.—Advt. A RUNCORN MAGISTRATE AND THE RUNCORN PEOPLE. On Tuesday, at the Runcorn Petty Sessions, the only case for hearing was one of drunkenness whilst in charge of a horse and cart, in which the defendant as John Allmam of Halton. The case having been proved, a fine of ss. and costs was imposed.—Superintendent Atherton intimated that the inhabitants of the town, as well as the numerous visitors, behaved during the holi- days in a very orderly manner, as shown by the fact that they had only one case for his Worship to adjudicate upon. Further, there had been no accidents reported to the police. Mr. Speakman, the magistrate, considered that the townspeople were to be congratu- lated upon the immunity from crime during a season when temptation abounded. He trusted the same con- dition of things would long continue. • A NAVVY'S PRESENTIMENT AT RUNCORN. Mr. Worsley, the coroner, held an inquest at Runcorn Police Court, on Wednesday, touching the death of Robert Smith, aged 35 years, a navvy who had lodged at 23, Mason-st., with a man named Wm. Smith. A fortnight ago the man became ill and consulted Dr. McDougall who warned him to shun excitement. On Friday night the deceased told his landlord that he should not live over the holidays, and on Saturday night after spending a couple of hours on the Fair ground, and drinking four bottles of stout, blood issued from his mouth and nose and he fell down. He was carried into the Wheatsheaf Inn, but he died in a few minutes. Dr. McDougall said death was due to hcemor- rhage probably from the lungs. A verdict of natural causes was returned. When in want of a CHASTE and ELF.GINT WEDDING Or STRUIDAY PRESENT go to PRITCHARD'S, 51, High-st.—Advt. AN ARMY PENSIONER'S SAD END AT WIDNES. On Thursday, at the Black Horse Inn. Farnworth, near Viidnes, Mr. Brighouse held an inquest touching the death of an army pensioner named John Prior, who resided at 31. Bold-st., Gateshead, whose body was found on Tuesday last hanging from a rafter in a barn on Mr. Samuel Hunt's farm, Liverpool-road, Cronton. The deceased went to Mr. Hunt's farm on Monday night. He said he was destitute, and asked Mr. Hunt to allow him to sleep in the barn for the night. Mr. Hunt grant- ed him permission to spend the night in the barn, and Prior was last seen alive about half-past eleven on the Monday night. On the following day when Mr. hunt went into the barn for some straw he found deceased suspended by a rope from a beam, and quite dead, The jury returned a verdict of suicide whilst temporarily insane. RUNCORN SONS OF TEMPERANCE. At the usual meeting of the above society, on Satur- day evening, under the presidency of Mr. Thomas J. Holt, Mr. Daniel Bisbrown gave an address on " Whit- suntide." He referred to the Feast of Pentecost, and the descent of the Holy Spirit. The Christian Church throughout the ages had commemorated this glorious event, and would do for all time, He said this baptism was our Saviour's dying legacy to mankind. With it the disciples had wonderful success in their preaching. The speaker proceeded to say that Whit Sunday ori- ginally was called White Sunday, for in the time of the Emperor Constantine, the children walked in procession dressed in white garments (an emblem of purity.) Hence it was now called Whit-Sunday. After the andress there was an interesting discussion, in which the following took part :—Messrs. Edward Key, Samuel M. Temper- ley, George S. Sutton and David Smith.

THE REV. H. E. SAMPSON, Curate of St. Ambrose Church, Widnes, has resigned his position owing to the fact that his health and the health of his wife has been seriously affected by the atmosphere of the borough. WIDNES BAKERS AND THEIR HOURS AND WAGESf. a The Widnes Branch of the Bakers Association have sent a circular letter to the employers, asking or re-arrangement of hours (the principal alteration being a change from twelve to five o'olock is the time for com- mencing work) and the payment of the standard rate of wages. If these requests are not conceded it is very probable that the men will go on strike. BETHESDA CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, RUNCORN. By an advertisement in another column it will be seen! that the Rev. F. Carter will preach the school anniver- sary sermons on Sunday. On Monday the Rev. Silas K. Hocking, of Southport, will deliver a lecture entitled " John Bull in his best clothes." The name of Mr. Hock - Mg alone should ensure a crowded audience. As an author and a lecturer, he has gained fame over a wide area. SERIOUS ACCIDENT TO MR. SPANN, OF RUNCORN. A somewhat serious accident befel Mr. Samuel Spann, manager of the Runcorn Bottling Company,on Tuesday. Ile was engaged taking a load of beer, Zee., to Frodshain, when on going down the hill at Sutton the shaft phi eame out. The shafts fell upon the horse's heels, thus causing it to take fright. In its onward career it nal, row ly escaped falling into the Weaver Canal. There being nothing to guide the lurry, it ran into the ditch at the side of the road, and was overturned. Mr. Spann was thrown forcibly to the ground, and on being at- tended by Dr. Burton, it was found that he had sus- tained a very bad fracture of the thigh. fie was sub- sequently seen by Dr. MacKenzie, of Runcorn, who or- dered his removal to the Southern Hospital, Liverpool, w here he is making favourable progress. BITTEN DT A HORSE AT RUNCORN. WM. Taylor, of 11, Jackson's-lane, a carter employed by the Runcorn lhiard of Commissioners, met with a serious accident on Saturday morning. He was leading an entire horse to the stable yard in Mersey-st., when the animal seized his left hand and held it until John Nicholls forced his hand into tile horses mouth and took possession of its tongue. The ferocious animals teeth had made a fearful gash in the man's hand, several ! arteries being severed,and bad it not been for the prompt assistance rendered by Inspector Cooper, P.C. Ridgway , and Mr. C. Woolley (vaninan for the L. and N.-W.Co.), lin stopping the blood, he would have speedily bled to death. Taylor was taken home and attended by Dr. : McDougall, who ordered him to bed for 12 days. The ;horse was known to be a savage one, and muzzle is provided for the animal but unfortunately it was not in use on the present occasion. THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT INQUIRY AT WIDNES. At the close of the inquiry a report of which is given en an inside page, the Town Clerk addressed the Inspec- tor, on behalf of the Council, and expressed their thanks for the patience and attention with which lie Wad heard the several applications. He also stated that he felt sure that the Inspector would understand the motives of the Council in asking him to deal with the application relating to the Technical Schools and Library that day. It was not with any desire to keep back any information from the public, hut only for the sake of saving the time, not only of the public themselves but of the Local Government Board. The Town Clerk also pointed out that there was nothing in the Public Health Act, 1875, requiring the Local Government Board, to hold any inquiry in this instance, inasmuch as the moneys borrowed by the Corporation would not exceed by a large margin the assessable value of the borough for one year. WHIT TUESDAY AT RUNCORN. After the festivities of Monday, there was an exodus from Runcorn on Tuesday. The holidays extended to Wednesday morning and people took advantage of the fine weather to seek pleasures afar. The annual excur- sion of the Runcorn Liberal Club to North Wales met with its usual measure of saccess. No fewer than 800 people booked by this train. Passengers were given the privilege of breaking their journey at a variety of places St. Paul's choir, who travelled with the excursion, alighted at Bangor and spent a pleasant day at the Straits. The Primitive Methodist body arranged a pic- nic to Llangollen, and 100 took advantage of the oppor- tunity. The bookings to ether places were very heavy. There were issued 1,300 tickets for Liverpool, 700 to Frodsham, 321 to Chester, and 100 to Manchester. The railway officials dealt with the traffic in a most satisfac- tory manner. The trip in connection with the Seamen's Institute, Runcorn, was to Dunham, London Bridge, and Lymm. The party jonrneyed on two flits from Top Locks, towed by a steamer, up the Bridgewater Canal. The outing under the auspices of the Salvation Army to Moore, also proved very successful. The officers and teachers of the Weston Wesleyan Sunday School char- tered one of the Manchester Ship Canal steamers, and from Weston Point proceeded along the newly-constructed undertaking to Eastham, and thence to Liverpool, New Brighton, and other neighbouring places of interest. The excursion was extensively patronised.

BOWLING MATCH. On Saturday afternoon, the members of the Croft club journeyed to the Stocks Inn, Padgate, owitheerreedthteoyr pcloamyeveletaitmioaninbyoftbhoewls cofroorratiltitreeee.prTizhees bowling took place on the green adjoining the inn, which was in good condition. Some excellent bowling took place, and the contest was a keen sue though the rain interfered with it at intervals. At the conclusion of the main, Mr. T. Edgington was the winner of the first prize, a ham ; Mr. G, Brime- low (president), the second, knives and forks ; Mr. A. Pomfret, third, carvers; and Mr. W. Straw the fourth, teapot and stand. Afterwards the members partook of a knife and fork tea, provided by the host and hostess. ALL HOUSEUOLD LINEN, hemmed and marked, free of charge.—J. and W. DUTTON, Sankey-A.—Advt. THE SALE OF BOLD HALL ESTA.TH. It is stated on good, but not official, authority that the Bold Hall estate, near St. Helens, which consists of 1,500 acres, and includes 13 farms in addition to a noble but decaying mansion, had been sold for £lOO,OOO, and that the purchase was com- pleted on Wednesday. On Wednesday a correspon- dent visited Bold Hall, it being the half-yearly I rent audit, and found Mr. Arthur Wyatt, son of Mrs. Wyatt, the owner, waiting to receive the tenants. That gentleman was reluctant to enter into conver- sation, and merely intimated that the contract had not yet been signed. The tenants received 10 per cent. reduction on what was understood to be the last rent audit under Mrs. Wyatt's ownership. The purchasers are said to be Colonel Gamble, CL, Ald. J. C. Gamble, J.P., and Mr. George Gamble, of St. Helens, Mr. Foster, colliery proprietor, of Waterloo (a partner in the firm ot Bromilow, Foster, and Co., of Ashton's (,Ireen Collieries, St. Ilelens), Messrs. Fairclough, millers, Warrington, and Mr. Oulton, of Liverpool. Mrs. Wyatt has stopped all improve- ments which were being made on the estate, and in due course it is expected great mining develop- ments will take place.

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, MAY 27, 1893. WARRINGTON VOLUNTEERS UNDER CANVASS. THEIR ENCAMPMENT AT CONWAY.

• the clubs too made an exemplary display, order being well maintained. In fact the condition of the town was very creditable, and the magistrates next morning had only one case with which .to deal— that of an elderly man, who had imbibed so much generous wine sr other liquor that he was unable to cake care of the horse and trap with which he had been entrusted. On Tuesday there was a great exodus from the town. Nearly four thousand people departed by train and in the afternoon the streets were quieter than on an ordinary Sunday.

It was in Whines Police Court, on Thursday, for- tunately not at the command of Her Most Gracious Majesty, and after the magistrates • had disposed of a case of cruelty to a horse, Mr. Lewin called out in his customary commanding tone, "The Corporation of Widnes." I looked round in order to see the ' Mayor in all the glory of his robes and chain, the portly aldermen and common councilmen come for- ward in obedience to the imperious call. Alas ! and alas! the collector of the rates stepped forward with all the dignity at his command,and the goodly show I had conjured up in imagination remained an airy nothing. And is this the glory and dignity which Dr. O'Keeffe so often and so eloquently des- cribed would result from incorporation ? It is the 1 same as ever. Things imperial and things local are all summed up in the words " rates and taxes."

[BY OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.]

Dame Fate seems to have a spite against our local corps of Volunteers. Last year she caused the weather to be of such an erratic character that one day it was almost necessary for the men to be aquatic experts to avoid the dangers of heavy rain, whilst the next day they were rendered unrecog- nizable by exposure to a biistering, broiling sun. For weeks past, whilst "going to camp," has been the one theme that has occupied the minds of the Volunteers, the weather was of an ideal character for camp life. But 10l there came the disappoint- ment. With the fall of heavy rain in Warrington on Saturday there came a fall in the expectations of the Volunteers. They remembered their tunics were not waterproof, and they thought how un- pleasant it would be, as one of them dolefully Put it, "if they had to anchor their beds down" at the camp in Conway. Perhaps these depressing cir- cumstances trilled with the martial valour of the men, perhaps it did not; but at any rate at the hour for assembly at the drill hall—five o'clock— when the elements took a temporary respite from their damping operations, the men turned up in stronger force than ever, and, be it said to their credit, in as smart, and trim a manner as could be expected from any model regiment. There were 485 men in all, including officers. A little before six o'clock Colonel Cireenall, in accordance with custom, addressed to the men a few remarks of advice and encouragement. Then the order came to "fall in; quick march "; the band struck up a lively air, and at a brisk pace the battalioa set out for Bank Quay station, via Legh-st., Sankey-at., and Parker-st. All along the route was a thick line of spectators who bad turned out to witness the departure, And many of them, as is their wont, indulged in some good natured "chaff." It was a common thing to near such remarks as these, made with mock solemnity—" Leave me a 13ck ot your hair, old chap." But the men addressed treated the cynical remarks with supreme contempt, and icy stares—the latter by the way not always being visible as sometimes the helmets had a tendency to rest on the nose.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0116.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1111111M1

===== 0002601_18930527_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND SEEN AT RUNCORN.

BY AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT.

"The Queen" announces that a "marriage will take place on June first, between Philip Ernest Speakman, second son of :Philip Speakman, Eq., J. P. C.C., of the Mount, Higher Runcorn, Cheshire, and Edith Laura, only daughter of the late Alfred C. Stearns, Esq., and Mrs. Stearns,ol Radnor House, Twickenham."

The Rev. J. Pulford Williams, pastor of St. John's Presbyterian Church, Runcorn, has just passed through a very serious illness. his numerous friends will be pleased to hear that although he is very weak, his condition is improving. Congestion of the lungs was the disease from which he suffered.

The honour of being the first winner of the Gossage scholarship at Liverpool University Col- lege, belongs to Charles IL Lewis, sou of captain Lewis, of Ditton Lodge, Widnes. The scholarship which is of an annual value of £65, and is tenable for three years, is the most valuable of those ten- able at University College. Candidates must be under 17 years and be connected with Widnes. The professors of the college conducted the examina- tion on May Bth, and five following days, and there were four candidates, three from Farriworth Gram- mar school and one from a Liverpool school. The senate of the University after considering the report of the examiners and the result of the ex- amination elected Master Lewis to the scholarship. His chief competitor was Walter Nickson, who, in the last college of preceptors examination took the seventh place in honours, from a list of 10,750 candidates. Both youths are from Fern- worth Grammar School.

-- It is generally agreed that there were not so ' many visitors in Runcorn on Whit Monday as on previous anniversaries. Probably the rumour that the usual demonstrations would not take place, and the fact that smallpox had made its home amongst us and appeared likely to stay had no little effect in reducing the attendance. Nevert!seless the , streets were well crowded and when the " schools , were walking" it appeared possible to walk on heads in High-st., looking from the police station steps. The demonstrations went off exceptionally well, and spealcinv as one who has seen eleven Runcorn Whitsuntides, I never saw the scholars make a better or prettier show. The members of

===== 0002601_18930527_art0118.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEIMMIMM

IM=IM=

===== 0002601_18930527_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND SEEN,

AT WARRINGTON.

The Football club had a very successful day on Monday, with their old English sports and Brass Band Contest. The most popular of the events were the sack race, donkey race, and obstacle race. The donkeys quite entered into the sport, at least two did. They exhibited their asinine qualities to a degree which left nothing to be desired. In- stead of keeping last, and, therefore, winning the prize, they showed an overwhelming anxiety to get rid of all incumbrances, i.e. their riders and get at the winning post by a short cut across the field, , and were very indignant., when they were called to order. The winner was an old stager who kept at a crawling pace the whole of the journey round the course, in spite of repeated pushings, and thrash- ings, and fairly won the race. In the sack race, Tommy Lally of football fame, was one of the competitors, and fairly outran his opponents in the heat, but only came in third at the final. The obstacle race must have been a hot affair for the participants in it, and the winners fairly earned their prize by hard work. I noticed that the more prominent members of the football team distin- guished themselves by completely overhauling their opponents in the tug-of-war, Fair Turner be- ing especially prominent at the end of the rope. The brass band contest, was a new feature in War- rington, and the " Warrington United" were well cheered when they came out of the ordeal with first honours. The proceedings were a little mar- red by some of the other competitors questioning the judge (M.r. Barker's) fairness. He, however, refused to budge, and the " United" received the well-merited honour.

Whit-Monday this year passel off very quietly in this town. We were favoured with fine weather, so that the usual grumble that it is always raining when it is holiday time could not be heard. Whit Monday and August Monday are the most popular holidays of the year, as they generally come about the time when the weather is warmest, and I think if Sir John Lubbock gets us any more holidays, he would do well to have them fixed during June, or July, and perhaps one to come during that part of the sear which is so blank in holidays. I mean from August Monday to Christmas. I cannot understand the action of some of the railways either, in their way of having chew excursions. You will remem- ber that at Easter, there were trips to places some some distance froth Warrington, notably into York- shire. They left Warrington on Good Friday and extended until the following Monday or TuJsday, but should the intending excursionist be unable to ' go on Good Friday morning. he could not get on the , Saturday as there were no cheap tickets issued. Now this was a hardship to some who could not get away on a Friday. But this Whitsuntide a still ' stranger course was adopted. As everybody knows, a large number of people only have a holiday from Saturday until Tuesday morning. They are there- fore anxious to make as much of their holiday as possible. But how are some of the trips arranged r Instead of commencing on Saturday morning, as they ought, they commence on the Sunday morning and thus all Saturday is thrown away. I think the railway companies ought to exercise a little more discrimination in catering for the enjoyment of the public generally.

The price of admission into the new bath, which is one of the finest in the north of England,will be sixpence. The old sixpenny bath will become a twopenny bath,and the old twopenny bath has been fitted up as a ladies' bath. Now, I know that there are some capital lady swimmers in Warrington,why should they not go in for a Polo Club? I'm sure of this, that whoever can popularise swimming among ladies in Warrington will deserve great credit. It is an exercise both sexes should be skilled in. I suggest that some of the young lady enthu- siasts endeavour to organise a club. I should cer- tainly be glad to give publicity in this column to any further suggestions which may be made on this subject.

--- I have heard a hint that the final tie in the next international polo match might come off in the new Warring Lon Baths. The dimensions of the bath, I believe, exactly conform to the 'requirements of properly played polo, and it is also of the required dimensions for swimming matches. A well-known Manchester authority upon swimming says the new bath is the finegt in the country, with the excep- tion of the one at Leicester. All this is very gratify- ing, and justifies one in looking forward to a not far distant time when Warrington will become a centre for swimming competitions.

In this quarter's "Lifeboat Saturday "an illus- trated publication devoted to the interests of the National Lifeboat Institution, there are capital illustrations of the Mayor and Mayoress of War- rington (Alderman E. and Mrs. Greenall). Allusion is made to the very active manner in which both the Mayor and Mayoress of Warrington worked in founding the branch of the Lifeboat Institution in Warrington. It states : " Prior to last year there was no local organization in Warrington in connec- tion with the Royal Lifeboat Institution. The Mayor, Mr. Alderman Greenall, who was present at the great demonstration in Manchester on October Ist, signified his willingness to organize a Lifeboat Saturday in this town.- This he accordingly did, but we understand that the Mayoress was really the moving spirit. She organized a large commit- tee of ladies, and although Warrington was suffer ing from a serious epidemic, which prevented a demonstration being held, by the great energy displayed by the Mayoress and the ladies who sup- ported her. A very substantial sum was collected, and a branch of this institution has now been established in the town, which promises to be a very successful one for the future."

the" Lifeboat Saturday," by the way, also pubJ lished portraits of the members of the first lifeboat Council and Executive Committee, and I notice that amongst them are Mr. W. C. Jones, of Darsbury, and Mr. Charles Lister, of Lymm.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
A COOL THEFT.

For cool, calm audacity commend us to the thief who was covicted on Thursday of stealing railings from an open space at Bolton. Somehow he got possession of a Corporation cart, and at once proceeded to help himself to the park palisades, a policeman and a magistrate looking on with unsuspecting eyes. Having filled the cart, he took the iron to a second-hand dealer and rea- lised the reward of his effrontery. Now he is undergo- ing two months' incarceration, and it will be well to have him carefully watched, or he will run away with the prison gates, or do some other marvellous feat.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ODDFELLONVS AND POLITICS.

TIIE BELFAST DEMONSTRATIONS.

The A.M.C. at Southampton yesterday morning voted £lOO to the Salisbury district, to recoup it for the sum given to distressed members through the late disastreus lire at Handley, whereby fourteen families of members of the order and four members (single) were rendered homele:s. the whole of their furniture and effects being destroyed, as well as the lodge house, the dispensation and the lodge furniture. li4errinv to a demonstration against the Home Rule l-lill, in which Belfast district took part in full regalia and with the banner of the order, the directors strongly protested against, any variation t ruin strict neutrality in Political and religious matters. A Belfast delegate con- tended that the matter was a commercial one, RS the funds of the order were at stake. Eventually the policy of the directors was endorsed.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
MERLIN.

MALINCi A START.

About half-past six, amid immense confusion, or apparent confusion, the battalion entrained, and made a start upon a somewhat tedious journey, which was enlivened by the promiscuous singing of a miscellaneous reportoire of " latest songs." When near Rhyl, how- ever, the engine of the train broke down in consequence of the water pipes becoming disconnected. This caused a lengthy delay, and as a heavy downpour of rain burst forth about this time, the feelings of the travellers were by no means of a complaisent character. It was ten o'clock when Conway was reached, and the heavy showers of the previous hour had developed into a wild storm of wind and rain. During the evening battalions , from Rochdale, Bury, and various parts of Cheshire had arrived, and the Warrington men were the last to put in an appearance. The good people of Conway had retired to rest after the sounding of the curfew bell, and the Volunteers were the only persons to be seen in the streets. The rain was falling in drenching torrents, and for a full quarter of an hour the men were hustling hither and thither in it, and then falling into line, Raving consideration for the slumbering inhabitants. the band did not play. The officers probably ordered this as a special favour to the Conway people, and they apparently wished to acknowledge the consideration, when they appeared at their bedroom windows. Gener- ally, however, they were quickly frightened under the sheets again, when the strains oh "The man that broke the bank at Monte Carlo," and other songs aisailed their unsophisticated ears.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
ARMIVAL AT TUE CAMP.

The march to theamp, upon the Marsh, was achieved in about twenty minutes, through the drenching rain, and along the puddled road in the dark. But what fears may have been entertained of the bad effect of the rain upon the tents were soon allayed for the fatigue party including 30 men and six sergeants, commanded by Captain Baynes, which had been there since Wednesday, had made everything snug and comfortable. There were many arrangements to be made, and for an hour or two the whole. camp was moo bustle; supper had to be partaken of, bedding had to be arranged, as a stronger force than was expected had arrived. Men were hurry- ing hither and thither among the lighted tents, and the hoarse cries of the officers delivering their commands all tended to create a scene, weird and confusing. But in time all noises subsided, Ind at three o'clock the camp was in quietness.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
TUE NEXT MORNING.

At five o'clock on Sunday morning,the reveille sounded gaily. The sun was shining brightly and the men leaped in one bound, as it were from slumber into their " pants," and in the twinkling of an eye the novelty of the situation was realised, whilst the memory of the previous night's hardships vanished before the brighter and cheering influences of the morn. Nature seemed refreshed after the downpour, and the air was laden with the scent of the blossoms of trees, and the oz ne from the ocean. The marsh, which is the largest cam- ping ground in ngland, is a stretch of land lying right at the foot of a line of hills, and to the south of the mouth of the Conway river, with the Menai Straits at the south. The scenery, of which a view is commanded from here is as magnificent and enchanting as any land- scape on the shores of Great Britain. Looking north from the marsh there can be seen at one glance a portion of the ancient Castle of Conway, the mouth of the Conway river, with Llandudno on its further bank, and then ex- tending from it to the west, there comes the Great Orme's Head, its high bulky body hiding the further northern coast from view. Turning and glancing south there is a large stretch of the Irish sea, then the well- known Puffin Island, and the north portion of Anglesea and the Menai Straits. l'he marsh is close upon two miles long, and is triangular shaped,and the reader may imagine the picturesque sight it presented to those who had entered camp that night, and rose to see the place altered with tents to accommodate the whole of the Lancashire and Cheshire Volunteer Infantry Brigade of 4,600 men. The vastness of the camp is said to be un- precedented. There were 460 . men from Bury, Ist V.B.L.F. ; 391 from Rochdale, 2nd V.B.L.F. ; 564 from Salford,3rd V.8.L.F.; 540 from Warrington,lst 565 from St. Helens, 2nd V.B.S.L. ; and from the follow- ing Cheshire Battalions : Knutsford, 706 ; Congleton, 600.

After breakfast th 6 whole of the brigade met at divine worship on the northern end of the marsh, the commanding officers then being Brigade General Major Thackwell, C. 8., Major General Julian Hall. Colonel Greenall and Adjutant Captain Silverthorne commanded the local battalion, and there were also the following officers present :—Captain Buckton, A.D.C. (A. Co.), Captain Appleton (C. Co.), Captain •Edleston (D. Co.), Captain Baynes (E. Co.), Captain Chorley (F. Co,), Cap- tain Widdows and Lieut. Fairclough (G. Co.), Quarter- master Captain Hutchinson, and Sergeant Captain J. Adams, Sergeant Major Sullivan, Sergeants Instructor Wooding and Barker, Quartermaster Sergeant Myeock, Orderly room clerk Whitfield, Pioneer-Sergeant Warbur- ton, Quartermaster-Sergeant Heaton, and Col.-Sergeant Daniels, lion. members ; Col.-Sergeants Jolley, Ser- geants Ward, Taylor, and T. Russell (A. Co.) ; Col.-Ser- geant Spencer, and Sergeants Ash worth, and Rooke (B. Co.) ; Col.-Sergeant Potter. and Sergeants V. Pot- ter, Dennett and Thomas (C. Co.) ; Col.-Sergeant Wood, and Sergeants Whitfield, Waiting, J. Scarisbrick, C. Russell, P. Gardener (D. Co.) ; Col.-Sergeant Stirrup,and Sergeants Wilcocks and I. Connor (E. Co.) ; Col.-Ser- geant 13ennion and Sergeants Moore,tlesketh, Bottle and Hollingworth (F. Co). (Newton) : Col.-Sergeant McCoy, and Sergeants McCoy, James Tunstall, John Tunstall, and W. Goodwin (G. Co.), Lee, Buckley and Davies. The band was led by Bugler Major Armstrong and Sergeant Bugler Gregory. The Warrington Battalion—whose camp was consider- ably removed from the remainder of the brigade— marched to ser”ice to the quick time of ‘• Let their celestial concerts." The band of the Salford Fusiliers, rendered musical accompaniment to the service under the leadership of Lieut. Archer, who is the only com- missioned officer, with the exception of Dan Godfrey, who is a military bandmaster. The spectacle of the 4,000 men, dressed and accoutred as these were was impressive in a high degree, although it cannot be said that they threw much enthusiasm into the service. The preacher' the Rev. G. E. Gill, vicar of Pendleton, preached an excellent sermon from 2nd Timothy,ii3 : "A good soldier of Jesus Christ." A collection was after- wards made, in aid of the Volunteer Forces 133ne- volent Fund.

TAICING THEIR PLEASURES.

After dinner, when the guards had been appointed, the men were allowed to leave camp and seek their pleasures where they chose. This was the case through- out the whole brigade camp, and hence Conway, Llandudno, and the surrounding neighbourhood were filled with the " Amateur soldiers," some in grey uniforms, others in red uniforms whilst some were attired in he more sombre dark cloth. The weather cleared up beautifully during the day, and there was no doubt the men extracted from their well- deserved holiday a creat amount of pleasure.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
DAILY DOINGS IN TIIECAMP.

With Monday morning the real work may be said to have commenced, for it was then that the system of guards, relief detachments, potato pealers, &c., was put into vogue. Then men lived s:x or 10 in a tent, and each day one of the number acted as orderley for the others. This for instance is the outline of the day's routinA work :—Dress at 6.0 a.m.,adjutant's parade 6.30 a.m., quarter breakfast call 7.45 a.m. breakfast 8 a.m., sick call 8.30 a.m., quarter for guard mounting 9 a.m., guard mounting 6.30 a.m., dress 9.45 a.m., staff parade 10.10 a.m., fall-in commanding officer's parade 10 30 a.m., orderly room 12.30 p.m., first dinner call 12.45 p.m., dinner 1.0 p.m., dress 2.30 p.m., fall-in adjutant's parade 3-0 p.m., first tea call 4.45 p.m., tea 5.0 p.m.,

retreat 7.30 p.m., officers' dress for mess 7.30 p.m., officers dinner 8 0 p.m., tattoo, Ist post, 9.30 p.m., last post 10.0 p.m., orderly sergeants and corporals 10.15 p.m., lights out 10.30 p.m. Before breakfast in the morning the whole of the battalion went through a number of column manoeuvres under the command of Captain A. Silverthorne. At mid-day the brigade wasl occupied in battalion drill, when a variety of movements were gone through. Our local battalion has a greater number of recruits this year than any other battalion,and considering that it was generally admitted that their drill was the smartest, the "raw recruits " should Imo longer think themselves raw. But there were other phases of camp life which are not always worthy of being officially gazetted. After the call for lights out there were some amusing scenes taking place in some of the camps. This is an instance. A belated camper came doggedly along to a certain camp knowing that there was the guardroom for his late hours. He didn't like the guardroom ; so he tried to slip by the guard quietly. This is the dialoguethat took place : " Who goes there." " ole man. Itsh me ! Tha knows —hic—me, doesn't tha ?" " Speak ! Who goes there, or I'll call the guard." " Shis—hic —up, tha great foo. Tha knows I'm—hic—nor a Rusheon—hic or out like tha." The guard lost his military equanimity and a race began in the dark. The belated individual was eventually captured and preparations were made for Putting him in the guardroom. The culprit then got upon his civil dignity and protested against being" run us " as there was no war on for they were only playing soldiers. But he had to go.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
CHANGES IN THE WEATHER.

Monday night became squally and a strong wind ac- companied by heavy showers of rain greeted the campers when they responded to the 5.30 a.m. reveille. In conse- quence of this a battalion drill had to be put off, but by breakfast time the wind had abated ; the rain ceased ; thc heavy clouds which had brooded over the western horizon, disappeared, and the sun shone forth again and went on with its task of making the tender faces of some of the corps require considerable buttermilk to keep in check the proclivity for growing which the cheeks had. After breakfast the men had a few hours' heavy work. There was a brigade drill. It was formed under the command of Major General Thackwell, and commenced by lining out in quarter columns. Then the whole of the battalions formed in a double file of three quarters of a mile long, and did the feu de joie, in what was considered a smart manner. There was afterwards a march past, and then afterwards something of a sham fight was gone through. The Warrington battalion were called upon to defend their camp against the re- mainder of the battalions who were the invading forces. Colonel Greenall issued his scouts in a line, who tock up their position for the defence of the camp near to the Bridge. The column then opened fire upon the invaders, and for some time a serious exchange of battery was carried on. It was too heavy for the defenders, and Colonel Greeaall retired his regiment to the bridge on which they took their position. It was intended that a part of the regiment should have also lined the entrance to the camp, but owing to a misunderstanding this was not done, and Warrington were is great danger of hav- ing their camps captured when, as it was getting near one o'clock the brigadier called the forces off and dis- missed them. The affair was chiefly a rehearsal of what was to take place on Thursday, and so no judges had been appointed to give a verdict—of course it was a movement which would not have been arranged had there been judges and verdict in the question. Warring- ton would have had an impossible task. During the afternoon the men went through a drill exercise, and in the evening, as the weather was gloriously fine, the " red jackets " were seen dotted about the picturesque town of Conway and the surrounding country.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
TRH QUERN'S BIRTHDAY.

The event of the week was certainly the review of the brigade and the celebration of the Queen's Birthday on I Wednesday. General Hall arrived to command at the I review. When the men turned out at ten o'clock the weather was very threatening, but about eleven o'clock the stiff wind blew the clouds over, and left a clear sky and a warm sun. The Warrington battalion turned out in the following strength ;-12 officers, 30 sergeants, 38 band and buglers, 560 rank and file ; total 840. There were absent on leave three officers, 18 rank and file ; without leave there were absent 20 rank and file. The i total enrolled strength is 15 officers, 30 sergeants,3B band and huglers,s9B rank and file; total 68f. There had arriv- ed the previous night 25 men, to take part in the review. There were at least a thousand spectators present, and among them were many Warringtonians. In addition to several brigade movements, there came the march past, a splendid sight to observe. Where the Warring- ton, Newton, and St. Helens volunteers passed, a crowd of spectators behind the General, gave voice to their appreciation of the three corps, When General Hall had been saluted by the entire line, the bands of all the bat- talions amassed themselves in the centre of the field,and the men filed up before them, and at a signal from the General, two volleys of the feuds joie were discharged. The firing began by the mountain and in a few seconds had passed down the ranks right away to the last bat- talion in the line. In the second volley the firing was, through a rifle going off by accident, opened in the mid- dle of the line. However this little defect detracted nothing from the impressiveness of the demonstration, and indeed, when in a few moments later, from a signal given by General Hall, the whole brigade delivered three lusty cheers there was an effect which must have warmed the hearts of all her Majesty's sub- jects who were present. Shortly afterwards General Hall addressed the men. This, he said, was the third occasion on which he had had the pleasure of seeing them at Conway. As the years passed his satisfaJtion with what he saw increased. 'lbis year there were present two battalions which had never been there be- fore, and the total number of men on the ground was larger than at any previous camp. It was fortunate that a day could be selected for his inspection of the brigade when they could celebrate the Queen's birthday. It gave them an opportunity of showing the country their feelings towards her Majesty. They had made a fine muster and fired a splendid feu de joie. The man- ner in which they had carried out the parade and done the firing was extremely satisfactory. It was a credit to General Thackwell, who commanded, and to those concerned in instructing them. The turnout had been very good, and he could see that great pains had been taken in all ranks to produce as smart an appearance as possible. In conclusion, he would say that as long as he was in command he would yearly inspect that brigade, certain that as every new occasion same further progress would he manifested and the strength of the battalions increased.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
TILE INSPECTION.

At the conclusion of the General's address, Colonel Williams, of the 20th and 40th South Lancashire Regi- ment, who had witnessed the march past, took up the inspection of the Warrington corps. Captain Baynes and Captain Edlesten were called upon to put the men through several evolutions. which was done in a manner highly satisfactory to Colonel Williams. The St. Helens battalion was inspected at the same time, the inspection being the lightest for years. The men, on being dis- missed were allowed an afternoon's holiday in celebra- tion of the event of the thy. ANOTHER nid EVENT.

On Wednesday evening there was another big event— at least to the Warrington sergeants' iness. It was a smoking concert to which were invited every sergeant in the brigade. At about 7.30 close upon 200 of an audi- ence had seated themselves in the Warrington Sergeants' large mess marque. Sergeant-Major Sullivan was appointed Chairman and a most enjoyable programme was submitted by Sergeants Taylor (Ist L. Fusiliers), Barker (2nd V.8.L.F.), Gosling (sth V.ll. Cheshire), Crossley (20d L.F.), Meadows 15th V.B. Cheshire), Beatson (Ist V.8.F.), P. Hoscar (2nd S.L.R.). Chapman (3rd L.F.), McCoy (Ist S.L.R.), Russell, Broadbent (Ist V.8.L.), Welsby (2nd S.L.), and Sergeant-Instructor Beevan (sth C.), Sergeant-Instructor Elson (2nd V.8.L.) and band master Dunachie. During the evening Colonel Greenell and Captain Baynes, Captain Edlesten, Captain Hutchinson and Lieutenent Fairclough visited the concert. The Colonel whose pre- sence was greeted with loud applause, proposed the health of the Queen. which was responded to enthusias- tically. Towards the close of the entertainment a few energetic Warrington Sergeants had organised a toy hand—With tin whistles arid penny trumphets—and they caused a considerable amount of amusement, and Ser- geant M. Moores came out in the musical line, as their band master. Refreshments were served during the entertainment. The concert was organized by the following committee :—Colour Sergeant Vetter, Sergeant Taylor, Sergeant Wilcock, and Quarter-Master Mycock, Colonel Sergeant Ward, and Sergeant Benni on. Private I Praeger acted as accompanist on the piano. The band also rendered several selections of music at the officers' mess before the concert. 1 A oottetEss lIATTLB. Undoubtedly the most interesting of the operations of the week was the attack on Cor4ay, which took place on Thursday morning. The general idea upon which the manoeuvres were based as that a hostile force had succeeded in landing at Bangßl and that hearing Con- v.ay was defended merely by a weak force, they decided to march upon it to get possession of the communica- tions with Chester. The operations were superintended by Major-General Thackwell. The attacking forces consisted of the 3rd V.B. Fusiliers, and the 3rd and sth V.B. Cheshire Regiments, arid the 2nd V.B. South Lan- cashire Regiment. There were 3,000 men altogether and they were under the command of Colonel Marshall, C.B. The defending force consisted of the Warrineton Batta- lion, and the let and 2nd Battalions of the L.V.F. The numerical inferiority of the defending forces was com- pensated for by the excellent position they held in guard- ing their trust. The operations were of an extensive character, arad were viewed by hundreds of spectators who had perched themselves upon the adjacent hills. amid firing When the two forces got to close quarters„a was hottest, the Liverpool Artillery, who were in e at Deganwy across the river, commenced teem itnhfeaineattnbryirig, guns, and the sharp rattling volleys of echoed again and again among the hills, and the boom- ing of the cannon and the sharp report of th exploding shells gave the whole affair an air of reacli aselml e allAt tthh conclusion of the fight General Thackw ll officers around him to point out the e merits their plans of attack and defence, andhegaovr defects in e a in favour of the defenders. verdict

===== 0002601_18930527_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
STRAY NOTES.

The brigade got a capital Postmaster General in the person of Sergeant Russell, of the Warrington brigades and also of the Warrington G.P.O. The brigade Provo was Sergeant Taylor. Captain Hutchinson superintended the preparation, for camp. During the week Quartermaster Mycoek wag in charge of the whole of the storage and was assisted by Orderly Marsden and Sergeant Hollingsworth. The sergeants' mess of the Warrington Battalion wail generally voted "the jolliest one "in the camp ; and it was true. Colon r-Sergean t Ward was the president,Colour. Sergeant Bennion was the secretary, and Colour-Sergt. Potter the treasurer. P's D. Watkinson and W. Judson. of G Company, were orderlies. Sofgeant Whitfield had a busy week's occupation as regimental clerk. General Thackwell was struck by the youthful ap- pearance of the Warrington litattalion,and the smart way in which they went through their manoeuvres ; so he asked for the total number of privates in the corps, who were under 20 years of age. It turned out there were 296 of them. The total strength of the corps is 682,and there have been 250 recruits this year. On Monday evening the Mayor and Mayoress (Alder- man and Mrs. Greenall) drove down to the camp. They witnessed the brigade drill on Tuesday morning, and afterwards inspected the Wa,ringtoa camps. They afterwards lunched with Colonel Greenall,Capt.-Adjutant Sfiverthorne, and other officers. . .

In the brigade there were three cycling corps, sae attached to the 3rd Cheshire Battalion and another to the 4th Cheshire. St. Helens also had one, and next year it is believed that Warrington will turn out a good cycling detachment. During the past yearan attempt was made to organize one, but it was not very success- ful, there being only four or five members. An amusing episode occurred on Monday. A certain senior non-commissioned officer had an undress tunic— one of the old serge green collar ones, which went out of vogue a considerable time ago. This one was the sole sur- viver, and as it was about 13 years old the other non- commissioned officer warned their messmate not to wear the tunic,but he did so. In consequence of this they deter- mined to act stringently, and they captured the article and adjourned; a hole was made, a mock funeral service was held, and the tunic was duly consigned to the grave. But in the night an enthusiast of cremation resurrected the article and was about to cremate it in an oven when the owner rescued it. He appeared at the next mess with it on.

Sergeant T. M. Moores acted as superintendent of the temporary hospital, under Dr. Adams. There were eight patients in by Tuesday,suffering from sunburn and sore throats. Sergeant Buckby on Wednesday took up duty at the hospital. The catering for the Battalion was done by M. B. Hewitt of the Grill, Chester, and as everything was always ready for the men when they were ready for it, and as everything was also good, it was considered that the catering was exceedingly satisfactory. The officers of the Warrington battalion were hon- oured on Wednesday night, by the fact that General Thackwell and his staff dined with them. Among the people from Warrington who were at camp on the Queen's birthday, were the Chaplain, Rev. F. W. Willis (Rector of Warrington), the Rev. T. Cooke, Rev. A. Buckton, and Captain Withington of Culcheth Hall; and Colonel Bolton was else present 'for a short time. After the feu de joie was Bred on Wednesday, about 30 Welsh scrap collectors rushed on to the ground,and almost before their presence was noticed they had followed up the line and collected the whole of the discharged cart- ridges which were lying about. They would sell the copper heads. The Fairy Glen, one of the most beautiful spots ia Britain, was a favourite resort of the men. The entrance fee was threepence. This is the property of Mr. W. Smith, corn merchant of Chester. Last year £2OO was realized in the camp week from visitors. There is a small village at the foot of the Glen, and there is only one Conservative amongst the whole of the inhabitants. So the oldest inhabitant himself said.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT HOMING

SOCIETY.

The second race of the season wss flown on Wednes- day, from Swindon, 131 miles. 220 birds were liber- ated by the Manchester Flying Clubs' conveyor, at a a.m. ;13 members competing. Wind S.W., fresh.

Time Flying Velocity. kanded in distance. yards per hrs. min miles yards minute 1...Hi1l 2...13uck1ey 3...Houghton ... 12 9 . 131 4... Burrows 6 6 7.11111(3) 8 9... Burrows (2)... 12 11 10...Bracegird1e... 12 13 11... Lamb . 12 14 12... Barnes 13. Clare l2 25 ......131 14...Leinester 15 16...Anderton (2) 12 35 17. ..Greenough ... 12 35 18...Longton 19...Longton 20...Greenough ... 12 48 The next race takes place from Bournemouth, May 31st ; distance 188 miles.

Beault. Name. \

===== 0002601_18930527_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
THROWING STONES AT TRAINS.

MR. GLADSTONE'S NARROW ESCAPE.

George Munday, fourteen, and Herbert Michael, eleven were charged at Harlesden on Thursday with wantonly throwing stones at passing trains. Mr. Lambert stated on behalf of the London and North-Western Company, that the boys were detected throwing stones at trains on Bank Holiday. The practice had become common, and the breaking of a window some time since occasioned a rumour that the window of a compartment in which Mr. Gladstone was travelling had been struck, but the stone really struck the next carriage. Munday said in reply to the charge that they were throwing stones at the engine.—Mr. Bird, the magistrate, said it was a very dangerous practice. They had both been in prison four days, and Munday would be fined 20s. and costs, or go to prison for fourteen days further, and Michael would have six strokes of the birch rod.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE OF OUR RICHEST MEN.

One of the richest men in the kingdom is Lord Want- age, the Victoria Cross hero, and a most successful volunteer officer. A Lindsay of the Crawford stock, Lord Wantage acquired his millions through wedding the Hon. Harriet Sarah Lyod, only child of the late Lord Overstone, sometime M.P. for flythe, and head of the now extinct banking firm, Jones, Lvod, and Co., of Manchester and London. When Miss Sarah Jones, daughter of a Manchester banker, worshipped last cen- tury in the chapel of a Welsh Dissenting minister named Lewis Loyd, she doubtless didn't intend to fall in love with her pastor. But she did, and married him, her father subsequently taking the young man into partner- ship. Her son, Samuel Jones Loyd, was Lord Overstona The Loyd shekels thus date back to the pre-Factory Act days, when " hundreds per cent. mscle the fortunes of Lancashire."

===== 0002601_18930527_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
A LOVE TRAGEDY.

In the community of Parabita, in Southern Italy, a shocking crime was perpetrated the other day. A cer- tain Angela Pespico, a married woman, fell in love with a man named Caggiula, who was betrothed to a highly respectable young woman. Pespico vowed the marriage should never be solemnised. On a recent feast day, Cagg,iula, his betrotited, and a relative of Pespico, with his child, spent the day in the best of spirits, and in the evening, made for the dwelling-hoiAe of Angela Pespico. After the usual greetings Angela produced a flask of wine and all ate and drank save Angela, who only sipped. A short time afterwards the visitors were seized with terrible pains, and Angela herself was ill, though her attacks were of a lighter kind. In the morning of the next day the neighbours found four persons on the floor, of whom three—Caggiula, his betrothed, and the child —were dead, while Fa nizzi, Pespico's relative, still breathed. Angela and her husband are in the hands of the police.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

F/RX AT SANKEY STATION.—On Wednesday night two wagmns of hay that were standing on a siding at Sankey station caught fire. The hay was almost all burnt, very little being saved. It is supposed that a spark from a passing engine caused the fire. No other damage was done. •

BANK HOLIDAY.—The works at Penketh were all closed on Monday and a general holiday was enjoyed by the workmen. Several parties left the village to visit other parts. The weather was very fine and a pleasant day was spent by the various travellers. The reservoir in the park was also well patronised by the youths of the DROWNING FATALITY.—On Thursday afternoon the body of George Kenwright. a ship-carpenter of Fiddlers Ferry. was found in the canal near the station, by a platelaycr named Thompson. Deceased has been miss- ing from home since Friday last week,and it is supposed that he fell in at dark and became fast irk the mud atthe bottom of the canal. Mr. F. A. Jones deputy coroner, held an inquest on the body at the Ferry Inn, Penketh, yesterday afternoon. Thomas Kenwright identified de- ceased, and said that he was a widower residing at Dock Cottages, Penketh. Witness last saw deceased on the night of Friday, the 19th inst., at nine o'clock. He rsvlT then in the Crown Inn.—Join Moores, laboi7l o 0 tot Penketli, said that he was with deceased from 11 p.m. on the 19th inst. They Called public houses, and at 11 o'clock flecezoled was not deceased going towards home- ~ fre,,h," To go drunk at the time but "s canal bridge near the t t several ierky parted home deceased had to cross the station, and then walk aboutoahn quarterThomP:of-na: lampnlialetealoynegr the towpath of the canal.J stated that he found i near rsed on Thursclay,in an upright canal position in the the bridge, and pulled him ()11 of violence on the body f o uTnhde t jhuart there T returned we were verdict r marks t and P.C. SlingebY "Found drowned."

===== 0002601_18930527_art0135.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. -

===== 0002601_18930527_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
A UNIVERSAL BOON.

It is seldom that any eliscovery of science is such as will 'benefit all classes of people. Some of the great eat discoveries of the age, while proving beneficial to thousands, have also at least for a time, injured other thousands. By n some of the best m-dieinal preparations, however, much they may do to remove one class of disease or suit some constitutions, at the same time either deepen the 11,,1ci of another disease, or leave it entirely untouched. or, if they benefit one class of patients they may injure another. Now,

===== 0002601_18930527_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
THR GREAT NEED OF THE AGE.

Is some scientifically compounded preparation which will effectually cope with tha prevalent diseases of this country, which will be certain to do good when fairly tried, which will be equally adapted to the n, eds of the merchant, the profes- sional man, and he who wins his bread by the sweat of his brow, the clerk, tly, factory hand, the miner, the workers in metals, and the roadside labourers. It sh, uld also be such a preparation as contains no injurious ingredients, and which may be taken with impunity by the weak and sickly child or the delicate female, as well as by the stronger constituted man. Such a preparation would indeed be

===== 0002601_18930527_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
A BOON TO HUMANITY.

After long-continued and diligent research, this much- 1 needed. boon has been found, and repeatedly tested by analysts, who declare it to be pure and harmless. This desirable preparation is that wellknown Vegetable Tonic called Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, and it has gained such a widespread reputation for efficacy that many unprejudiced doctors, who have given it a fai: trial, frequently recommend it to their patients in cases of great Weakness, Nervousness, or any disorder of the digestive organs. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters Is so invariably efficacious and produces such satisfactory results, that when once tried it is always recommended. It has proved successful when all other medicines had failed • o give relief. It has also In many case, been found to be perm mently beneficial when other preparations at best only give temporary relief. Gwilym B 7ans' Bitters is purely vegetable, and contains neither

===== 0002601_18930527_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
MERCURY NOR IRON.

nor any poisonous or other injurious substances, and thou- sands who h ,ve benefitted by its use agree in saying it is a specific fat all symptoms of Indigestion, Nervousness. and Weakness. It is also confidently recommended for Low Spirits Liver Disorders, and Chest Affections. The unparalleled success of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters has induced unprincipled persons to offer base and spurious imitations. somewhat similar in name and appearance, but possessing none of the virtues of this great national remedy. Bemem, er that none are genuine unless the name Gwilym Evans is on abel. stamp, and bottle. Sold by all Chemists, in bottles, at is. lid., 2s 9d. and 4s. 6d. each, or may be obtained, carriage free, direct from the Proprietors :—Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, LAnelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

ASSAULTING A WHOLE FAMILY.

Charlotte Cee-;;;Ch-arged at the Warrington Police Court on Monday, with being drunk and disorderly in Parker-street on Monday night, and also with assaulting Phcebe Dutton, Elizabeth Dutton, and John Dutton. P.C. Turner, said that from information received, he went with P.C. Meacocleto 30, Parker-street, where the Duttons live. He found prisoner in the kitchen, kicking very violently. John Dutton was trying to prevent her frcm assaulting his mother and sister. They got her outside and tried to persuade her to go home quietly, but she refused, and the officers were obliged to lock her dp. Phcebe Dutton said that prisoner knocked at the door on Monday afternoon, and her daughter Elizabeth opened the door. Prisoner throw the door wide open and came inside. She knocked the little girl on to the stairs, and came into the kitchen, and gave witness blows on the eye arid mouth. Elizabeth screamed for her brother John who was upstairs and he came down- stairs and pulled prisoner away, and kept her on the ground, until the officers arrived. Elizabeth and John Dutton corroborated the latter adding that prisoner bit him on the arm when he took hold of her. Prisoner stated that the bother was occasioned through her son going to Dutton's house, to which she objected, and wished him to keep away. The Chief Constable said that prisoner had been a very good character previous to new, and taking this into consideration, prisoner was bound over in two sureties of £5 to keep the peace for six months, and ordered to pay the costs, or in default seven days' imprisonment. THEFT FROM A MOTHER.

At the Warrington Police Court on Tuesday, George Harrop was charged with stealing from 3, Egerton- street, on Monday, Ll 15s. in cash, the property of Ellen Dutton. The CIAO Constable said that complainant was mother of defendant who lodged with her. On Monday be was in the house, not very sober, and she went out, leaving a purse containing Ll 153. locked up in a chest of drawers. When she came back, her son had gone out and the chest of drawers had been forced open, and the money was gone. She afterwards met him in Butter- market-street and asked him for the money, but he denied having it. He, however, went to the police station with her, and he was there searched and El 63. was found upon him. He then admitted stealing the money. Prisener was sentenced to two months' hard labour,

_ A SIISPICIOI79 SLEEPING PLACE. At the Borough Court on Monday, Richard Lowe, William Taylor, and T. Warburton, were charged with being on the enclosed premises of Messrs. Evans', Foun- dry-street, with intent to commit a felony. Inspector Cox said that at 11 o'clock on Sunday night he received information of three men seen on the top of the roof of the Three Pigeons public-house. On going there he ex- amined the back-room window' and found that the latch had been tampered with. He sent a constable on the roof but the men had left, and dropped through an old skylight of a stable which adjoins the public house, and is used by Messrs. Evans for storing coal. They were all three found lying down there covered with some goal sacks. The prisoners pleaded not guilty to the charge, but guilty to sleeping out. Inspector Cox said he found 7d. in the pockets of Lowe, which would have paid for his lodgings. Mr. Monks remarked that it was not a very suitable place to sleep on cobs of coal. Prisoners who bore bad characters were sent to gaol for one month.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
FIF.R 65T11 APPEARANCE.

Bodelia Knclkton, a well-known character at the Warrington Police Court, was charged on Thursday, with being drunk and disorderly in Buttertnarket-st., and also with assaulting P.C. Clough on the previous evening. P.C. Clough stated that he saw prisoner, who la as drunk, go into the White Bear Inn on Wednesday night. He followed her and told the landlady not to serve her, and prisoner gave him a blow in the face for his pains. He then took her to the Police Station with the assistance of P.C. Rylatt. Alderman Sutton thought that the prisoner's case was about hopeless. This was her 85th appearance and she was only 22 years of age. Be thought the, best thing that could be done with her would be to send her to gaol for a month.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT.

SATunrar.—Before Mr. J. Burgess (chairman) and Alderman Chandley. Bsoomo.—John Mostyn and John Maguire were brought up on remand on the charge of begging in Parker-st., on the 13th inst. The case was remanded on Monday for Inspector Uphill, -N.S.P.C.C., to make in- quiries. The Inspector found that the parents were respectable people and the prisoners were dealt with under the First Offenders Act and discharged. ABSENT FROM TRAINING. —Jos. McGlynn was fined 40s. and costs or one month for absenting himself from the annual training of the Liverpool Militia in 1891 and 1892. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—Margaret Newton and Mary Gibson, were lined 53. and costs or 7 days for this offence ; Peter Ward 103. and costs or 14 days ; Peter Corraboy, ss. and costs or 7 days. MONDAY.—Before Alderman Holmes (in the chair), Al- derwan Harrison, Messrs. F. Monks, W. Pierpoint,and T. Birchall. • Tiiarr OF A Snit LING.—Wm. Darby, a youth, aged 11 years, living with his parents at 17, Howard-street, Sankey Bridges, was charged with stealing from the person of Alice Fellows,a young girl, a shilling. From' the statement of the Chief Constable, it appeared that the girl Fellows, had been sent with the shilling to the butcher's for meat, but he not having any in, she was returning home with the money when she was met by the boy Darby who took the shilling out of her hand. The boy spent the shilling and when charged by D.S. Monaghan with stealing the shilling he said, "I spent ' it in pies and toffy." As he had been locked up since Saturday,the magistrates dismissed the case on the shill- ing being refunded. ASSAELT.—Bridget Ford, Dial-st., was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Church-st., on Saturday afternoon, and with assaulting Mary Ellen Reynolds at the same time. The complainant who appeared in court with several wounds on the face,said they were inflicted by the defendant without provocation, as she had never spoken to her. Prisoner was fined 103. including Costs, or 7 days. DRONE AND DISORDERLY. —Mary Ann Owen, for being drunk and disorderly in Buttermarket-street, on Saturday night was discharged on promis- ing to leave the town.—E. Jenning for the same offence in the same street, was fined 10s. and costs or 14 days.—Thomas Connor, in Orford-lane, ss. ; Thomas Brown and Henry Thompson in Liverpool-rd., on Sunday night, Brown was fined Thompson, and costs, and Thompson ss. including costs. Tursney.#—Before Mr. E. J. Hues! (chairman), Mr. R.

Garnett, and Dr. Starkey Smith.

_ Dvssirrsit.—Benjamin Blannering was remanded to Strangeways ta await an escort, being a deserter from the Liverpool Regiment stationed at Salford. Timm mu A FlTELlC•lloll9ll.—Bridget Kenny was charged with stealing from the Norton Arms, a glass valued 3d. the property of John Sampson. The Chief Constable said that defendant lived in Ship yard. On Monday afternoon she went into the Norton rms accom- panied by two women i and three men, an had some- thing to drink. Directly after they had gOneout of the house, George Billington, a barman, missed a glass, and

went out after them. He informed P.C. Leithwood, who caught defendant at Mersey-at. end. When she was stopped by the policeman, she took the glass from under her shawl and handed it to him, saying that she did not intend to steal it. Defendant was fined 59. including costs or seven days' imprisonment. WEDNESDA Y.—Before Mr. John Geddes (in the chair), _ _ .

and Mr. J. H. Fleming. A DESERTER.—George Brown was charged with being a deserter from her Majesty's regiment, stationed at Salford. D.S. Monaghan stopped the prisoner in the street, the day previous, and brought him to the police station, where he admitted being a deserter since April last. He was sent to Strangeways, to await an escort. D.S. Monaghan applied for, and was granted the usual reward. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—For this offence in Dial- street, the previous afternoon, Julia Ann Shields was fined ss. and costs or seven days. INDECENT BEHAVIODR.—James Clark, a rag gatherer, who lives at a lodging house in Percivals Fold was charged with indecent conduct to two girls as they were returning home from the Mount achools, in Sixpenny field, on Tuesday afternoon. After evidence by Mrs. F. Dale, Sergeant-Major Day, and P.C. Evans, the bench sentenced the prisoner to two months hard labour. TRIIRSDAY.—Before Alderman Sutton (chairman) and Councillor James Fairclough.

tic Hoot. CASES.—Catherine Bolton, 105. Bostock-st., ordered to send her child to school half time ; William Dagnall, 16, Warburton-st., 53. ; James Bentley, 305, Winwick-road, 2s. 61. ; Hannah Flynn, 71, Hoyle-st., 2A. 6d. : Wm.Leyland, 32, Bowcock-st.,adjourned ; Wm. Webster, Trinity Place, 2. 6d. Mr. George Riley pro- secuted.

PROSECUTION UNDER THE EDUCATION ACT.—George ' McGuire was summoned for not obeying a school atten- dance order made upon him on the 11th inst. Mr. A. Browne defended. Mr. Riley stated that defendant's boy had not passed the exemption standard, and was 13 years of age. Mr. Browne contended that accordilig to the Education Act, if a boy who was over 13 years of ag,e,and satisfied the magistrates that he was sufficiently educated, they could dismiss the case. The magistrates told the boy to write his name, and on examining the handwriting, they considered that it was not bad writ- ing, but wished that the boy could be sent to school for a few more months. The case was dismissed.

FRlDAY—Before Alderman E. Wright (chairman), and

Councillor H. Robeits.

DRUNK.—Elizabeth Buckley, 7 Town Hill, dismissed ; and for being drunk and disorderly in Bridge-st., on the previous night, Joseph. Ellison and Mary Coyne, last from Bowden, were each fined ss. and costs or seven days' hard labour. MAINTENANCB ON THE " Cuo."—John Messenger, 3 Gandy's Walk was ordered to pay Is. per week towards the maintainance of his son en the training ship 6' Gio." HAWKING WITHOUT LICENSE.—Henry Hughes, last from Liverpool, was charged with nedling without hav- ing a hawker's license, on the previous evening. P.C. Clough said that he saw prisoner offering two hats for sale to some young men in Bridge-st. Witness asked him where he obtained them from, and lie gave so many contradictory answers that lie was brought to the police station. VM hen searched no license was found upon the prisoner. Prisoner was fined 55. including costs, or seven days' imprisonment. Asserw's.—Alice Hardman. 12 Bostock-st., was sum- moned for assaulting Mary Lovrcock, Bostock-st., on the 20th inst. Mrs. Lowcock and several witnesses swore that defendant had tore complainant's cloak and also called her foul names. 'The magistrates ordered defendant to be bound over to keep the peace for six months, and to pay the costs us. Ann Skelhorne, 15 Stephen-st., was also bound over to keep the peace for six months and pay the costs for assaulting Herbert Cooper, 15 Stephen-st., on the 22nd inst.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED SETTING FIRE TO A WIFE

AT FRODSHAM.

On Wednesday morning, at Frodsham Police Court, Messrs. J. Handley and T. Rigby were en- gaged hearing a charge against George Jackson, 28, of Volunteer-st.,Newtown,of throwing a lighted paraffin lamp at his wife,with intent to do her gre- vious bodily harm, on Saturday night. Superinten- dent Meredith prosecuted, and Mr. A. Linaker ap- peared for the accused.—Emily Darlington, wife of Henry Darlington, Newtown, Frodsham, said the prisoner and his wife lodged with her. Ile caine home on Saturday night, between ten and eleven o'clock, and got hold of one of the chairs, and threatened to break everything in the house be- longing to him. His wife came in about half-an- hour later. A quarrel ensued between them, he cased her, and she rushed into the kitchen, he fol- lowing her. Prisoner then returned to his own apartments. His wife ran to the front door scream- ing "Murder." La.er he seized a loaf and threw it at his wife, or daughter, and the former then went to the front door again. He pic;:ed up a lighted paraffin lamp from the mantel sbei:, followed her, and threw it at her. Her clothing was immediately in flames. The wall paper and skirting boards of the house were also ignited. Witness's husband went to her assistance, and tore off a portion of her clothing, Her other garment e were etill on fire,but some neighbours by means of a macintosh extin- guished the flames. Prisoner did not assist to put the fire out. He was very quarrelsome. P.C. Price was soon upon the scene, and afterwards he and P.C. Doyle took the man into custody. She heard the sergeant ask prisoner's daughter whether her father threw tbe lamp at her mother, and the little girl replied "Yes."—By Mr. Linaker: Both husband and wife were under the influence of drink, but they were not so drunk as not to know what they were doing. She could not say who commenced the quarrel. fhey often quarrelled. Other evidence having been given, , Mr. Linaker urged the Bench to dismiss the serious charge brought against his client. Whilst admitting that if he threw the lamp at his wife he deserved severe punishment, he pointed out that there was nothing to justify them in convicting or committing him for trial. There were cross•statements on all sides, and they ought to exercise a wide and wise discretion.—The Bench, after a few minutes' consultation, said they had decided to commit the prisoner to take his trial at the next Chester Assizes.—Mr. Linaker asked that his client might be admitted to bail, and Superintendent Meredith not objecting if it were substantial, the request was granted, Jackson in his own recoguizances of £4O and two sureties of £2O each.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ALLEGED THEFT OF TIMBER

AT WIDNES.

At Widnes Petty Sessions, on Thursday, before Messrs. J. Brock and George Pilkington, Henry Dagnall, Bryan-street. was charged on remand with stealing various pieces of wood work, valued at 10s., the property of Mr. T. Sadler, builder and con- tractor, Widnes. He was also charged with stealing lag several tools, the property of William Williams, foreman joiner for Mr. Sadler. The name of James Edwardson, Warrington-road, appeared on the charge sheet for stealing a quantity of timber, and also receiv- ing timber knowing it to be stolen. Mr. T. Swift (St. Helens) prosecuted, and Mr. Knowles defended.—At the outset Mr. Swift said that with regard to the charge against Edwardson, he proposed to offer no evidence. It was very doubtful whether they could obtain a con- viction for larceny, and he therefore withdrew the case and any imputations. He went on to say that Dagnall for a number of years had been employed loy Mr. Sadler as a labourer. Articles had been missed during the past twelve months, and from what came to Mr. Sadler's knowledge, on the nth inst. he gave information to the police, and the premises of Dagnall were searched, with the result that the articles produced, which belonged to Mr. Sadler, were found. At the same time, the tools belonging to the workman Williams were also come across.—The prisoner was senteneed to a month's imprisonment.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER USE USE FOR MONEY.

Many are the uses of money ; but Mr. Joseph Newton late of the Royal Mint, points out there is at least one use which is not generally known. This is the availabil- ity of coins for letter weighing when the ordinary. pos- tal weights do not happen to be at hand. Commencing. with the sovereign, this weighs a very safe quarter- mince for foreign postage, two equalling of course a half- ounce, and four one ounce. The next denomination, the crown piece, is just on the right side of one ounce in weight, and the half-crown of half-an-ounce. Five separate shillings, or two shillings and sixpence, for the ounce, and half-ounce, will do as well. Descending from gold and silver to hard-working bronze, it is found that either three penny pieces, or five halfpence, or ten farthings, will respectively make up one ounce. Another peculiarity in regard to the halfpenny is noted by Mr. Newton. That is its diameter, which is pre- cisely 'one inch, so that by using it as a measure it will be seen that twelve halfpence laid flat, and in touch, are equal to one foot, and thirty-six to one yard.

Professor Virchow has assured the Berlin Medical Society that a cholera epidemic is not likely to break out anywhere in Germany this year. The Hamburg police threaten proceedings against local papers which asserted that some recent cases of illness were cases of Asiatic cholera.

Potato blight has already broken out at Skibbereen. county Cork. Two men were killed on Thursday morning by an explosion at a colliery at Dunston, near Newcastle. The cause of the explosion is not yet known.

BMIGRATION.—Intending emigra sto New York, Boston, Philadelphia, San Francisco, CallaolA, China, Japan, Ate tralia, or New Zealand, should take ta-kets (lowest rates) at the " Examiner" Office, by Gilion, American, AustraLisn Oriental, andther lines.--John Walker, agent,"Baarniner " Office. Ilewsey-st., Warrington.—.dtlet.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
. . • • - • , . ' •

.it f?si r

===== 0002601_18930527_art0147.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
: 11'I'

===== 0002601_18930527_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, MAY 27, 1893.

WARRINGTON V. WERNETIL—This match was played at Arpley on Saturday, in unsettled weather. The sharp showers of the forenoon, followed by sunshine, rendered the wicket in favour of the trundlers. R. Smith won the toss, and Messrs. Crosfield opened the batting to the deliveries of Hall ar.d Hodgkinson, both medium pace bowlers. Hall was soon busy, and after three singles I had been chronicled the Werneth professional got S. M. Crosfield caught at third man. The score had been exactly doubled when J. J. Crosfield was beaten by the same bowler, and although Reynolds and Smith looked like staying the rot, with the score at eleven the former was forced to retire. G. Clarke's stay was likewise brief, and five good wickets were down for 12 runs. F. Sugg (who acted in lieu of his brother, who was assist- ing Derbyshirel joined Smith, and the former doing the bulk of the scoring, the first boundary hit was received with cheers after 35 minetes play. Hall reached Sugg's wicket with a good ball at 23, and although Podmore stayed whilst 46 runs were added his contribution was only a couple. Meanwhile Smith hit steadily, and with Clark in brought Bedford on for Hodgkinson. Smith treated the new bowler with contempt, and boundary hits now became frequent. Clark too, was in a hitting mood, and profiting by a let off at the hands of Hall, the total was taken to 65 when Hall had his revenge by clean bowling the professional. Bell came, Smith still doing the bulk of the scoring. At 89 the players were I compelled to retire, but on resuming Bell was bowled first ball, and when the total had reached 114 Smith ' failed to hit One frem Hall. His brilliant innings includ- ed nine fours. The venture closed for 114. On Werneth going in to bat, Eleyworth was beaten in J. J. Crosfield's first over, whilst at twelve Bedford fell a victim to a good catch by S. M. Crosfield. Hall and Haggis put a different complexion on the game, the total being taken to 25 before Clark sent flaggis to the pavalion. Collison was " yorked "first ball, but of the remainder Lowe only showed anything like form, and mainly owing to him the visitors managed to make a draw, the final score reading when seven o'clock was reached E 5 for eight wickets. Score and bowling analysis : WARRINGTON. WERNETH. S M Crosfield c Haggis b Haggis c Clatk b S Oros- Hall J J Crosfield b flail Reynolds at Thomas b Hall 3 Bedford c S Crosfield b J Smith st Thomas b Hall 69 Crosfield Clarke c Hall b Hodgkin- Hall c Po2.more b S Cros- son F Sugg b hall lO Collison b S Crosfield Podnuore b Hall Clark b Hall l7 field Bell b Hall Yoisey not out 5 field Unsworth b Hall Copeland c Votsey b S Croslield Scholes not out 2 Extras

Total BOWLING ANALYSIS. WARRINGTON. . WERNET/I. 0. M. R. W. 0. M. R. W. ilall 11 Hodekinson 10 2 31 1 J J Crostle.d ... 16 3 37 4 Bedtord

WARRINGTON 2ND V WERNETH 2No.—This match was played at Werneth on Saturday, the wicket being in a very sodden condition owing to the heavy rain which fell during the week. Warrington, winning the toss, opened with Jolley and Bibby, to the trundling of Griffiths and Wrigley. In the first over Jolley was given out, and his place filled by Williamson, who had also to retire in three or four minutes. Jeans made a fair start, but the separation came from the other end, a splendid delivery from Griffiths disposing of Bibby, and I the third wicket fell for nine. Disaster did not stay here, for Jeans and Isherwood were soon afterwards dismissed, the fifth wicket falling for 16. When Brown and Dunn got together a better aspect was put on the game, and the score soon reached 43, the former hitting the ball all over the field. At this total he fell to catch by Mellor. A change of bowling was now tried, with the result that Prestwich took three wickets in succes- sion, doing the "hat trick," and the innings closed for 56 runs. Werneth commenced with Turner and Seaton, and disaster attended the 'Werneth start, for three wickets were down when eleven runs had been regis- tered. Wrigley and Whittaker hit out finely and lifted the total up to 38, when the latter was bowled by Bibby. Isherwood now commenced bowling, and caught and bowled Wrigley with the first ball, also taking another wicket in the same over. Bowers and Prestwich hit well, and the game was rather exciting now, as the seventh wicket fell at 47, while the Warrington total stood at 45 for the same number of wickets, but Sugden and Bowers managed to pass the visitors' total, the home team winning by six runs. Isherwood proved to be the best trundler, his analysis showing five wickets for 15. llampson kept wicket admirably. Score :

_ WARRINGTON. -WERNETH. Jolley c WLittaker b Turner b Bibby 2 Griffiths 0 Seaton bdo 4 Bibby bdo Williamson bdo 1 Wrigley c and b Isher- Jeans b WrMey 6 wood l5 Brown a Mellor b Bearley... 24 Whittaker b Bibby ...... Is'Aerwood b Griffiths 0 Bearley b Isherwood... 0 Dunn b Prestwich 9 Bowers c Jolley b d 0... 12 Spinks bdo 1 Prestwich c Bibby b liampson bdo 0 Isherwood 5 Clayton bdo 0 Sugdon b Bibby 5 Washton not out 4 Griffiths c and b Ash-

--- ton 1 Hardwicke not out 0 Extras

Total

Total 62

RUNCORN 'V. Warros.—These locals met at Runcorn on Saturday. ,The match aroused considerable interest, with the result that the two clubs shared a very good gate. The play was well worth witnessing. Wright and Burton went to the wickets for Runcorn, but the latter had his wicket taken by a full pitched one from Tudor, jun., before he had got settled Woods partnered Wright, and the two treated the spectators to some capital cricket, both compiling their respective scores in good style. Crompton hit freely for his eighteen. It appeared that the side would be out for considerably under seventy, but C. E. Linaker last man in did useful service by adding a well played 3:4-before be succumbed to Bleakley, and J. M. Frith carried his bat out for 5. The bowling of Tudor, jun.., was very effective: In consequence of a heavy shower, there was some delay i before the players again got n the field. Weston com- menced.their innings in substantial fashion. On the second ball from Woods, Bleakley skied out to Gatley, and then Tudor, jun., gave a difficult chance to Wright who brought off a snlendid catch. Two reverends were now together, one hiding his name under the nem de plume of Weston, and runs came rapidly. It seemed as though Runcorn were to suffer defeat at their hands alone, when a chaoge was made in the bowling, Burton and Crompton taking the place of Woods and Gatley. The former captured four wickets in four consecutive balls, a feat which elicited loud cheers. His analysis read four wickets, eight runs. When stumps were drawn at 6-30 the game remained drawn :

RIINCIORN. iVESTON. Burton (pro) b Tudor, jun. 2 J Tudor, jan., c Wright Wright b Tudor. sen l3 b Woods 0 Woods b Bleakley G 3 Frith c Brookes b Woods 0 Tudor, jun Gatley e Tudor, jun., b Burton Tudor, sen. Crompton b Tudor, sen lB Crompton. l7 Green b Tudor. jun. Pope b Tudor, jun 0 7 Tudor. sen.. b Burton... 2 J M Frith Rot out Cross b Tudor, jun 2 Bankes b Burton 0 Linaker b Bleakley l4 P Brookes no out ......... 0 G A Tudor ) c'bat i p Hughes ...... . Extras 6 Extras 9

Total BO

Total

RuNcoms V. WESTON (SEcoNn ELEVENS).—This match was played at Weston on Saturday, and resulted in a win for the visitor, who only played ten men. SCOTS :

UII2cOORN.

WESTON.

Charleton run out Tickle c West b Peacoc't 1.4 Pye b Booth l7 Bate a II Pendlebury b • Peacock b Limb Tudor Anderton c Pye b Price 1 Booth Limb b Peach k Leatbweod b Price - K Pendlebury a Tickle b - Booth b 1-1 Pendlebury 0 Booth Linton run out 8 Owen b Llmb Buckley not out 2 West t Limb 0 Grounds b Price 0 Mather c Bate b Booth - W Pendlebnry b Booth 0 Tudor not out _ 1 . Extras l4 Extras

_ 4 Total 9l

, Total 43

ST. HELENS RECREATION V. WIDNES.—Played on Satur- day, at Widnes. The visitors closed their innings. Score :

RtCREA.TICN. Robinson 0 Waring b

WIDNES. Parkinonc ec b Robinson 2 _

Callon 53 Watson b Gregory 0 Harrison c Callon b Bin- Callon 0 Taylor b Robin- barn lB son l2 Tickle 0 Waring b Edwards 8 Walton bWm Shaw 1 Shaw not out Gregory not out l6 Dr. Edwards not out Extras 4 Extras 6

Total l2-7

Total 52

WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL V. WIGAN GRAMMAR Solo( L.—Played at Wigan on Wednesday. Scores WARRINGTON GRAMMAR WIGAN GRAMMAR SCHOOL. SCHOOL. Flt Gornall b Armstrong... 15 Gee e 11' Gornall b Pier- II Fierpoint b Armstrong ... 5 point C T Moore c Gammon b Buckley cli li Gornall b Armstrong 3 Itierpoint J g Evans b Armstrong ... le Rushton run out 0 li. D Willcocks b Armstong 4 Riddlesworthhlt wicket b A L Picton c Buckley b rierpoint Armstrong 0 Armstrong ell IK Gomall E W Coates not out HIC Gornall b Armstrong 0 Gammon b Plerpoint 1 A Thompson 1 O'Brien run out 8 T Walton to bat Baynes b Plerpoint 0 E F Willcocks W F Armstrong b Pier- point Pair b Pierpoint Dowswell not out Extras 7 Extras 1 ' Total for seven wickets ...... 58 Total

BOWLS.

_ WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE.

RED LION v. CEMETERY.—The first match of the seaeon between these two clubs was placed at,Stockton Heath on Saturday, and after a very exciting game ended in a tie. Score :

RED LION. CEMETERY. W Clare J Hesketh Thomas Broady l4 J Allison l5 Henry Broady J Gregory W Mclntyre A Broady l5 R Sewell 8 Fred Broady W Hathbone E chew 'omas Heesom J Boscow l5 J Hewett l2

Total 149 Total 149 RESULTS UP TO SATURDAY. _

Played. W-on.--- lOW.- • Drawn. Pte. Bull's Head 1 Horse and Jockey 1 Red Lion 2 0 Cemetery 1 Bank Quay 1 LEGH CHALLENGE COMPETITION.—In connection with the above the following clubs in the Newton Division Association met on Saturday to play off their ties : NEWTON V. EARLESTOWN.—At Newton. NEWTON. EARLESTOWN. It Sweetlove 2l J Savage lB G Ha: rison 2l P Pilling lB W Lintrett G Lyons 2l W Whittaker l6 W 6 Fairclough if Crouchley l3 J Finch .1 Bateman l6 J Lowe 2l Jac.. Slimmer

Total 144 Total -- 133 At Earlestown. NEWTO.

EIkELESTOWN. J Williamson 2l W Marrow lO 151 Fairclough 2l J Mottram l5 It Smith l2 A Gee 2l J Abbott l9 J Watson It Lyt hgoe 2l If Green 11 Williams A Clough T Fairclough l9 J Mitchell -- -- Total 149 Total l3l Majority for Newion ... 29 NEWTON NURSERY V. EURTaNWOOD.—At Newton.

NEWTON. BURTON WOOD, W Kent W Owen 21 W Houghton 9 J J Randall R Turner 2l J Worthington ll G Rylance 2l J Sepbton T Gee J McDonald W Randall

Total 168 Total , At Burtonwood. NEWTON. BURTON WOOD. J Aitken 2l A Jackson D Itylance 2l T Meterers l2 11 Ilolcrott 2l F Fitzwilliam J Cameron. F Singleton M Kelly F Puary J 3311 am

Total 161 Majority for Newton 128

_ Total ll3

===== 0002601_18930527_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

•„^ Secretaries of Cric't et Clubs are requested to note thni reports of matches played on Saturday must be sent to the head office, Bewsey-street. Warrington, not later than ten o'clock on Wednesday morning.

CRICKhTERS. Lawn Tennisers, and Golfers are reminded that GEO. G. BUSSEY & Co., manufacture high-cl Ass requisites. Their new catalogue is obtainable from Local Dealers, or the Sp)lts Manufactory, Peckham Rye, S.E. Trade 4. CEO (t Mark.

LYMM GRAMMAR SCHOOL V. LAUREL BANK SCHOOL, HIGHER BFOUGHTON.—SeOre :—Lymtn Grammar School, 53 : Laurel Bank School, 21 for four wickets. ORFORD RECREATION V. ORFORD BARRACKS 2ND.—This mateh was played on the ground of the former, and re- sulted in a win for the home team by seven runs. Score: —Recreation, 100 ; Barracks 2nd, 93. WORKINGMEN'S MISSION JUNIORS V. BEWSEY-ROAD WESLEYANS JUNIORS.—This match Was played On the ground of the former on Saturday, and resulted in a win for the Workingmen's Mission by seven runs. Score:— Bank Quay Mission 51; Bewsey Wesleyans 44. PENKETH SCHOOL V. WIDNES VICTORIA.—PIayed at Widnes on Saturday. Penketh, batting first, scored 84 before they were disposed of. Linnev (27) and Pollard (17) were the chief scorers. The Victoria could not stand up to Smith's bowling, who took six wickets for five runs, and were dismissed for 23. Score :—Penketh School 84; Widnes Victoria 23. BRICK-ST. AND FRIARS GREEN S.S. C.C. lsr v. BETHESDA GUILD RUNCORN IsT—Played on the ground of the former on Saturday last and resulted in a win for the home team.—Houghton batted well for the visitors scoring 23,while for the home team H. H. Dutton played he splendid cricket for his score of 22 not out. Score : —Brick-st. and Friars Green 37 for 7 wickets, Bethesda Guild, 36. PENILE= FRIENDS SCHOOL: OLD V. PRESENT SCHOLARS. —This annual fixture was played on Whit-Monday, and ended in a victory for the present scholars by an innings and 40 runs. The old scholars made 29 in their second innings. Score : OLD SCHOLARS. PRESENT SCHOLARS. Hills run out 4 Linnev b Clarke McTear ran oat Clarke c Waring b Smith ... 0 Cooke c and h Clarke 1 Timperley b Smith 4 Waring c McTesr b Clarke 1 Coates b Smith White b Pollard Doodler b Smith 4 Smith c Timperley b Woodward b Smith Davies c .argent b Smith 1 Sutton b Go, dier Shepherd run out Sutton not out Sarvnt not out 2 Extras

Total

Total B6

HOLY TRINITY Y. BEWSEY-ROAD WESLEYAN& —This match was played on Monday on the ground of the former, and ended in a win for the Wesleyaus. Score :

HOLY TRINITY. WESLEYANS, Bowson c and b Eastern ... 4 Hickman run out Kinsey b Rostern Yeardley c Rostern b Hey- Rostern b Jones wood 2 Hughes c Pemberton b Kilrey b Rostern Gibbons run ont 4 Heywood et Pemberton 10 Jones run out 0 13 Morris c Kilrey bJones 6 Johnson b Rostern Frany b Rostern W terworth b Roston 1 Ki'rey Sidion not out 4 D Morris not out 8 Pemberton bHe wood 1 Barton b Frany 0 Jones c Yardley b Kilrey 4 Extras 3 Extras 4 _ Total 3O Total 43 BREWERY IST V. MOORE IST.—Played on the ground of the former on Saturday, the result being a win for the Brewery. 3. Tilling bowled well, taking eight wickets for 18 runs. Score :

BREWERY. WV' RE. Taylor not out Todd c and b Millington 4 Grainger b Tilling Stewart run out W Allen not out T Allen b Millington 0 G Millington c Stone b Tilling b Millington 0 Tilling 0 E Allen c Taylor b klil- Howard b Green 3 lington T Stone b Antrobils ' 5 ing Turner C Jones b Milling- Jones c Green b Tilling C ton Green St li Millington 0 ling 0 Unsworth b Millington... 0 Wilkinson b Tilling Joseph Antrobus not out 1 Extras 2 Extra

_ Total 36 . Total 35 GRAYPENIIALL Sr. WILFREDS 2ND V. WALEER'S BREWERY 2ND.—Plaved at Grappenhall. Score : GRAPPENTIALL. WALKER'S naawt.:Ey. J I3urr iws b Brookes l5 Gregory cS. Jenkins b J. G Bowdon b Collins S Jenkins c Biggins b Noon c A Albinson b E Collins 8 Jenkins A Albinson b Collins 3 Brookes bit Bowdon 1 T Albinson not out 3l Chrimes b G Bowdon b E W Spence not out E Jenkins Collins c a b J Burrows 3 T Spence Fairhurst c W Spence b J J Hough ITo bat Burrows , 0 T Gough ) Furness b J Burrows J Ashcroft Searle b IV Spence b E Jenkins lliggins not out 0 DeAn bJ Burrows Bowen 0 J Burrows b E Jenkins Extras 6 Extras 4

Total

Total 22

SANKEY WESLEYANS V. SANKEY WIRE MILLS.—This match was played at Mill-lane, on Saturday. Score :

1 SANKEY' WIRE MILLS . SANKEY WES-LEYANS. A. Marshall o Budlow b T Jefferson lbw b Marshall 17 Simrson 4 V B Bailey b Hobson 0 F Williams b Simpson 5 E Clare b Hobson ...... ...... 4 R Ellis c Clare b Simpson 1 3 Roderick run out 2 P Jolley C Watkins b R Sudlow run out Simpson 0 D Roderick not out S Hobson c Jefferson b P Hardy run out 0 Watkins T Williams bSimpson...... 0 E Watkins c Evans b H Cook a Jefferson b Marshall 1 Simpson 6 F Light b Marshall 2 3 Moss a Jefferson b 3 Blliott b Marshall Watkins 2 J Evans b Batley 2 W Kenwright a and b Simpson 1 W Crosskill pot out

Extras

Extras 0

Total 27 . Total ... ....... .. 33 SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. SANKEY BRIDGE WESLEYANS 2ND num.—This match was played on Saturday on the ground of the former, and ended in a draw greatly in the favour of home team. Scores : SANKEY WISE MILLS. SANKEY BRIDGE WESLEYANS. S Barlow b Booth T Corwell b Booth W Woolcoek b Booth 29 J Lawton b Barlow F Mawson b Cotterell ...... 0 7 Booth b llelsby J Helsby not out l3 S Hunt b Helsby 0 7 Sidclall b Booth 2 W Myles b Helsby 4 It Sudlow b Cotterell ...... ... 2 D Brown not out 1 J Earner e Foden b 800th... 0 W Cotterell not out W Higham b Booth 0 W Roderick to bat H Houghton b Cotterell 3 H Pritchard „ W Alcock e Foden b Cot- 3 Fedex' 19 terell 4 Extras . . 8 Extras

Total 72

Total

SANKEY BRIDGE WESLEYAN JUNIOR C.C. V. BUCKLEY- STREET.—This match was played at Bewsey on Saturday and resulted in a win for Sankey Bridge by 14 runs. E. Hayward batted well and Welding and Morrall bowled well for Sankey Bridge. The former took six wickets for eight runs, and the latter three wickets for eight runs. The fielding of the visitors was excellent. Score :

BUCKLEY-STREET. PANKEY BRIDGES JUNRS. G Simpson b Morrall 3 W Woolley o Pugh b Harrison b Welding Scott e Dunn b Welding ... 5 R Goret b Turner 6 Makin b Welding Turner run out 1 A Welding b Pugh _ ... _. .. . _ .

Baker b Welding Pugh c Griffiths b Welding 2 B Hayward o Harrison b Crank c Dunn b Morrall ... 1 Pugh l2 Marsh c Taylor b Momll- 2 J Dunne Crank b Baker.: 0 Haddock b Welding Leach not out W Taylor a Turner b Baker 2 , Jas Griffiths not out 4 Cotterell o Turner b Baker 0 Extras

Total l7

Total 3l

PEARSON AND KNOWLES (2ND TEAM) v. STOCKTON HEATH IsT.—This match was played on the ground of the for- mer on Saturday in very showery weather' and resulted in an easy victory for the hotnesters by 36 runs. Score :

PEARSON AND KNOWLES 2ND. STOCICTON HEATH 173 T. G H Shaw b 3 C Shaw 4 C Hallows bG H Shaw ... 5 Jewkes bJ C Shaw H Rlgbey bJ 0 Shaw ... 0 Hughes b Picton - 1 Picton run out ll Isherwood c Shaw b Picton 0 Dennett bJC Shaw Brookes (cant.). bi 0 Caldwell c Rigbey b Jewkes 2 Sbaw i 6 Heesom b Picton 4 Roddy bJ (` Shaw T Rigbev b C Hallows 0 Berry b Picton 0 Lake et J Hallows b Mather (sub) b Jewkes 1 Hughes Harding run out 1 Healey not out 9

Extras 8

Extras 2

Total 69 Total 33 ARLEY PARE v. GRAPPENEALL.—A match was played at Arley. on Saturday. Score : __ _

_ GRAPPENRALL --- - - - ARLEY PARK. Kennedy c Hughes b Smith 5 Smith st Biwards bAlbin- Hicks ti Smith 0 son 24 Burrows b Ireland , 3 Ireland c Edwards b Wat'n 5 Watson c Denton b Ireland 3 Denton b But rows Evans c Hughes b Smith ... 0 Hughes b Wa* son Henery run out 2 Lever b Burrows 0 Smith b Smith 0 Lander b Carter Carter b Smith 1 King b Carter 0 Brierivy b Smith 6 J Orton c Evans b Brierley 2 Albinson run out l4 Sumner b Brierley 1 Edwards not out 9 Staff not out , G Orton not out Extras ' 1 Extras

Total

===== 0002601_18930527_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

THE PROPOSED MEMORIAL TO THE MAYOR.

About £2BO have already been subscribed t.c-i—the pro- posed memorial to the Mayor of St. Helens (Mr. A. Sin- clair) in recognition of his fifty years services to th borough. Several of the most important subscription have yet to be received. ST. HELENS AND DISTRICT GOLF CLT/B. _ . .

- - - The final in the handicap bra set of golf clubs given by the president, Mr. Henry Seton-Earr, M.P., was played MT on Grange Park Links, St.Helens, on Wednes- day night. There have been twenty-seven competitions, and play has occupied portions of six days. Dr. Andrew Gray and Mr. Harry Gamble were the scratch men. In the final Dr. Gray beat Dr. John Cotton and secured the prize. ANOTHER CASE OF SMALLPDX.

At the meeting of the St. Helens Health Committee on Wednesday afternoon, the medical officers reported that there had been 55 deaths during the past fortnight, giv- ing a rate of 19 per thousand. There had been 18 noti- fications of sickness from infectious disease, including one of smallpox from Gerard's Bridge, which there was no doubt had been brought into St. Helens. From the number of towns in the neighbourhood, it was only to be expected that occasional cases would be imported. Tax INFECTIOTIS HOSPITAL.

The Local Government Board has sanctioned the borrowing of £4,000 by the St. Helens Corporation for the purposee of infectious hospital extension at Peasley Cross and at Blackbrook. The estimate of the expendi- ture of the Health Committee of St. Helens for the year ending March, 1894, approved on Wednesday, is £11,700, against an actual expenditure last year of £ll,OOO. The increase is in prospect of an epidemic of cholera or other disease during the summer.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
GRANGE PARK.

At the fortnightly meeting of the Health Committee of the St. Helens Corporation, on Wednesday, a plsn for the formation of streets on Grange Park, St. Helens, deposited by Mr. William Goldsworth, estate agent and surveyor, G.Prescot, was submitted by the borough surveyor (Mr. J. C. Broom.) The estate in question is situated in close proximity to the new park presented to the town by Mr. S. Taylor, J.P. The committee approved ot the plan. RESCUR FRO3I DROWNING.

On Monday afternoon, Henry Davies, aged eight years, of School-street, Peasley Cross, St. Helen, had a narrow escape from being drowned. He w hi a field near the Mill Dam, Sutton, with other children' ,rOM the Peasley Cross Congregational Schools, searching for frogs on the edge of the water, when he fell in. • A lad named Swain, of Peasley Cross, threw off his coat and jumped in and brought out the lad, who had gone down twice. The Rev. W. R. Parry and others at once suc- cessfully attended to the little fellow. .

===== 0002601_18930527_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED WIFE ASSAULT.

John Thomas Archer, glass maker, Doulton-street, St. Helens' was charged on Monday, with wounding his wife. The parties have been married two and a half years, and have lived very unhappily. On Thursday morning last, a dispute arose, and the prisoner is alleged to lave kicked his wife savagely. She lost a consider- able quantity of blood, and Dr. Gray was called. Mrs. Archer was bedfast.—The prisoner was remanded, bail being allowed: - - -

===== 0002601_18930527_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED FARM ROBBERIES.

_ On Tuesday, three men were brought up on remand at the Prescot Police Court, before Alderman 11. R. D'A. Willis. The prisoners were William Atherton, John Highcock, and John Lyon, and they were charged with stealing a number of articles from the farm of Thomas Ashton, Kiln-lane, Eccleston' between the sth and 6th inst., value £1 75. 6d. ; and further charged with steal- ing a hen, value 39., about the same time, from William Fishwick, farmer, Eccleston. They were committed for trial at the quarter sessions.

RgNT AUDIT.

The half-yearly rent audit of Mr.F. Stapleton-Brether- ton's Rainhill estate was held at the Ship Inn, Rainhill. On Tuesday, when Mr. Stapleton-Bretherton returned 15 per cent, of the half-year's rent to the whole of the farm tenants, who expressed themselves highly pleased with the consideration shown towards them by their landlord a similar return having been made at the last rent day. After the audit, which was conducted by Mr. Coiling. wood, the agent. assisted byMr. Lowe, of Warrington, Mr. Stapleton-Bretherton presided at the usual dinner, and discussed various topics on agriculture with his tenants, a very pleasant and social evening being spent.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
POLICE COURT V. COUNTY COUIZT.

At St. Helens Police Court on Friday; -tile. adjourned case in which Mr. John Kitchen, estate agent, applied for an ejectment warrant against Owen M'Satron, of 26, Parr-street, came on for hearing. Mr. F. J. Bennett said that on the 7th April, 1892. he gave defendant notice, which expired on the Ist May last. The rent was £ls—£7 10s. each half year. In answer to Mr. Riley, he said he had no knowledge of when defendant entered the house. The property formerly belonged to Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and Co., but Mr. Michael Duffy was now the owner. Some years back the house had a license, but this was taken away when the license was granted to the Lingholme Hotel.—Mr. Riley sub- mitted the magistrates should dismiss the case on the ground of procedure.—The magistrates considered it a case for the County Court, and dismissed it accord- ingly. BUTCHERS AND THEIR SCALES. . _ . _ _

At St. Miens, on Friday, before the Mayor and other magistrates, Richard Hatton and Walter Marsh, butchers in the St. Helens Market, were summoned for having in use for trade a pair of scales which weto incorrect and unstamped.—Chief Constable Wood stated that on Satur- day last he visited the market, and at Hatton's shop he found a pair ef scales which when tested at 141 b, were 60z. against the purchaser and at 111, were ioz.'„against the purchaser. Hatton said they were Marsh's scales. They were worthless, and at the stamp cfEce they re- fused to stamp them.—Mr. Thomas, who defended, said he understood this pattern of seats had been condemned in Liverpool.—Chief Constable Wood said he had refused to stamp a number of them in St. Helens.—Marsh said he had seen several pairs of the same class of scales in the market which Mr. Wood had passed.—The Mayor. said that had nothing to do with the case before the court.—Mr. Thomas said they denied entirely that the scales were rejected. They had been broken and re- paired, and the stamp might be found under the new plate which had been put on.—The magistrates dis- missed the summons against Hatton, but fined Marsh 20s. and costs for not having the scales stamped.—The -other information against Marsh was dismissed.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
I t 11.. r 4:l,Tda ff 774

===== 0002601_18930527_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
A WOMAN BURNED TO DEATH,*

A married woman named M'Gahey was burned to death in Belfast, on Wednesday night. Smoke was seen issuing from the house in which she lived in Spruce-st:, and on some neighbours going inside they found the unfortunate woman lying over the fire, her head and shoulders being reduced to a cinder.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
THE QUEEN AND MR. GLADSTONE.

The " Daily Chronicle" announces that it is able to state that there is no truth whatever in the report which has been circulated to the effect that Her Majesty has refused to assent to Lord Spencer being made a mar- quis, and that Mr. Gladstone has thereupon withdrawn his honours list in tote and that there would be no " birthday honours."

===== 0002601_18930527_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
PARACHUTE ACCIDENT.

A serious accident occurred at the City and Suburban Park, Dublin, on Thursday. Maud Brooks, of Liverpool, made a balloon ascent, sitting on a trapeze beneath the car. When she had reached the height of a hundred feet she leapt from the trapeze, intending to descend with the support of a parachute; but the parachute failed to expand. She fell to the ground with great force, and si,as severely injured. SERIOUS CHA ROE AGAINST A JOURNALIST.

Augustus M. Moore, journalist, was committed for trial without bail on Thursday, charged with criminally assaulting Kate May, servant t 3 a lady with whom Mr. Moore was acquainted, and who lives in Bentinck- terrace, Regent's Park. This lady said she had been on the stage, and gave the name of Gardiner, but stated in cress-examination that this was not her real name, which was eventually handed to the magistrates on a piece of paper.

AMERICAN IRISHMEN AND IRE HOME RULE BILL

NEW YORIE,THIIRSDAL—The Irish National League has issued a circular in which it congratulates the friends of Ireland in America on the advanced position of the Home Rule programme, and says : Our confidence in the Liberal party has been signally vindicated by the course of events. We are looking to Home Rule, and we will take it from either Liberal or Tory, inasmuch asi our political action is governed solely by the +Wes of Ireland. While thus maintaining our entire political Independence of English parties, we recognise but only as having pledged itself to redress Ireland's wrongs. Until we have reason for change we shall continue our confluence in the.party led by Mr. Gladstone, and in Home Rule. The circular concludes with an appeal for additional funds in aid of the Home Rule cause.

SINGULAR. DEATH AT ST. HELENS.

1 Sergeant Jackson, of the St. Helens Police Force, on Monday,reported to the county coroner the death, which took place under singular circumstances, of Peter Mad- dock, a collier, aged fifty-six years, of 27, Peasley Cross-lane. ' Deceased was employed at the Whitecross Colliery, and oirWednesday afternoon was, with others, at the pit eye, waiting to ascend. He was carrying a tin tea can under his left arm, which appears to have been crushed against his side. A slight bruise only was visible,. and the injury was poulticed. It gradually grew worse and, notwithstanding the attendance yester- day of Drs. Reed, Masson, and Wallace, he died shortly before 12 o'clock.—Mr. Brighouse, county coroner, held an inquest at the Griffin Inn, Peasley , Cross, St. Helens, on Wednesday, on the body of Maddock. CM.Wednes- day, the 17th inst., deceased returned home from the White Cross Colliery,and told his wife that when he was coming from work there was a rush to get inso the cage at the pit eye, and his tin bottle, which he had under his arm, was crushed against his side. •Mrs. Maddock said the side went black, and she poulticed it. He would not let her send word to the colliery that he had been Injured. When she asked him he said, "Never mind, it may get better." On Monday morning she sent for medical assistance, and batween 1.30 a.m. and mid-day, when he died, Drs. Wallace, Masson, and Reid all saw him.—Dr. Masson, who had made a post-mortem exami- nation, said that under the left armpit there was a swel- ling, a small abscess having formed. This had set up acute blood-poisoning, from which be died. The man was in a moribund condition, being both unconscious and delirous,when the doctors were first called .—George Follen, a collier, said the crushing in the colliery com- menced eight or tea yards from the shaft.—By Mr. Hall, Government Inspector of Mines : There was no rail to prevent the crushing. Wm. Brown, another collier,said deceased complained to him that " they had pushed the bottle into his side." A verdict of " Accidental death " was returned.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
GERMAN EXPORT ACTIVITY.

The results of the operations of the company which was formed in Berlin in September 1891, for the purpose of developing the export trade of Germany in metals and machinery, especially with Eastern Europe and Asiatic Turkey, do not appear to have, so far, been of a very encouraging nature, as the report of 1892 points to a rather heavy loss. The members of the Export-Vetband deutscher Maschinenfabriken und Hiittenwerke are not, however, disheartened by this adverse balance, which they say could only be expected in consequence of the comparatively large sums which have been expended in furthering their cause. For example, a permanent exhibition in Athens was inaugurated last year, a similar institution was erected in Constantinople, and a warehouse was opened at Pirceus. Besides, agencies have been established in various trading centres in Syria and Palestine, to wit, Aleppo, Beyrut, Damascus, Haifa, and Jaffa. British exporters might do worse than keep an eye on the doings of the German body. Iron.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLESTOWN

BY AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT. •

The procession of Sunday Schools on Whit Mon- day was of a very interesting and pleasing charac- ter. The elements were all in favour of a success- ful gathering, and the children were fortunate in having it fine and dry for their romping in the fields. The only drawback and one that was freely com- mented upon by the spectators, was the absence from the procession ot the Church of England scholars. It is a pity those in authority, cannot for once in a way, put aside any feeling they may have as to religious equality, and throw in their lot with their dissenting brethren. can quite under- stand the absence of the Congregational Sunday school, the distance the. children would have to traverse being quite sufficient to account for this. But I really cannot understand 'why the church scholars refuse to join.

We are having quite an epidemic of measles among the children in Earlestown, and no steps seem to be taken toward 2 closing the school. There cannot be any question as to the origination of the disease, formn every case the sufferers attend one or other of the schools in town. The mischief arises from the fact that parents will persist in sending children to school, when they already have a child afflicted with measles confined to the house. The commissioners should take severe measures with any case of this Lind, which .comes under their notice, as a warnigg to others who may offend in like manner. There are now a large number of cases, and it would be well if the School Board officer made strict enquiry into every case of ab- sence from school through sickness. In this way he might possibly be able to check the evil to which I have referred Above.

We cannot expect to be free from disease until the Commissioners take steps to remove the offen- sive smells which arise from two or three brooks or ditches in the district. I have frequently drawn attention ton es and Jam given to understand that the Medical-Officer of Health has directed attention to ot4rs repeatedly. But up to the present noth- ing hiii been done to improve the existing state of things. I suppose sufficient disease is not ripe in the district to set them wondering how is has arisen. This is a splendid opportunity for Mr. Col- lingwood, of whom we hear practitally nothing to distinguish himself.

The case of smallpox which has been dealt with this week in Earlestown, again brings to the front the question of an infectious diseases hospital. The 'case broke out in an hotel, but nothing was done to isolate it, or remove the patient until Monday, a day or two after it was discovered that the patient was really suffering from smallpox. A special meet- ing of the Commissoners had to be called, and it was decided to remove the woman at once te Astley I Hall. This was done the same night, and the woman had to endure along and painful drive to an infectious diseases hospital. I think the ques- tion of having some means of isolation a little nearer home might very well be considered, as it is impossible to say what mischief has been done through the delay which occurred in connection with this case. It is to be hoped, however, that no other case will arise ; still it is well to be prepared for any emergency.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE POUND op

17-0-111DS

OUT OF

IRTY

CONSUMED IN GREAT BRITAIN Lt

===== 0002601_18930527_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
-A COLLECTOR MIJRDEIII-

An old man, named Bernard Cox, a„ Prudential Assurance Company, was, , log, murdered about a quarter of a raid; at Stepaside, County Dublin. Ihe tio of a labourer going to Mass. The back Par ban head had been battered in by an ircrld,s found underneath the body. Dec. saLebich been rifled, and the calico bag 10 carried the money he collected, was 1 416 but empty. He is believed to have ha session. ATTEMPTED SUICIDE OF '11"

===== 0002601_18930527_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
of 1 ',rots, 0000

appetite. dietiirtied tion, pallid skin. nervousness. al.vi aoclu'`e.ss Ova cure for all Blood atla Skin Diseatv.... Ivor ~_e6p,; 0.4 tutional. Sixty yearr' experienco. V„"L. grio '.'2efer for over 30 years. The " 1 MiXture, son ao, Magi° Mirror in envelope, four strirPf.. ost pointed with Bisctric Belts should write •

===== 0002601_18930527_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
RAIL VAY. TIME TABLE.

MAY. FROM WARRINGTON TO 1 koMington-5 1 45, 8 35, 955, 1223, Sundays 8 43, 3.3 5 15, 5 35. ',Acton Bridge-7 , 2 32, 348, 629, 8 47. 10, 7 35. 8 28, 10 45, 1 42, 2 • . 48. Sundays 10 15 12, 16. a 3 8, a 9 10. Sundays 9 40, 25, 8 35. otops if required. Altear and 11111house-7 12. 16. a 3 8, a 4 0, a 6 33, Sundays a Stops if required. o.marrow-2 43, 5 20, 545, 1540, <lays 24 3 35. ' i 7 42. arkenitead-7 , 6 4 , 2 32. 3 48,6 29, 847. Sun- -40, 10 25, 150. 317. 5 1 311 rm ngliam (L & N -W.) a 3 23, 735, 950. 10 45, 12 1, 211, ' • .5 15.7 28 11 35 Sundays 2 57, 10 15, 4 40,11 35. a Mon- alp °lnv, ss, g in . . • - nirrnin ha OM 9& L ) 6 11, 9 59, 11 55, 12 55, 50. Sundays 5 15 p.m. A nisaktann-5 45, 835, 95, 12 23, 1,11(14Y' 8 43, 6 0. 6 29 7 17, ' alites i 5 8359 55 1 , a ~. poo 4" -3, , „11 402 23, 2 32, 3 48, 2 32, 3 48, 6 21, 6 29, 8 47. '•1; Sundaye 240,843 60. 4 41,101,,t0zi-545, 710, 8 25, 919, 10 15, 10 40,1 15, 2 40, 3 18, 4 21. "'• . 25, 7 17. 8 33. Sundays 8 43, 50, 747. 14a3.u8root.ey-5 45, 9 55, 12 23, 2 32, 3 48, 629. 847. Sundays Carlisle -2 Sundays 40, 5 20. 545, 9 55. 2 40 Sin., 1 7C r‘ Cheit -- - r•'nl• 12 15 1 40, 1 50, 3 17, 12 23, 2 32, 3 48. 11 40, 4„„ er-7 40, 95, 10 25, 12 7. , tag 48, 4 40, 6 10, ~...4. 4, 7 42. 10 14, II 32. Sundays 8 44, 7 45, 11 32. 7 . line Green-710, 8 20, 10 35, 12 7, 2 40, 3°t 820. Sundays 8 43, 60. a Fene-a2 57, 6323, 7 10 735, 828. 950. % 11, 2as 3 11. Sundays 2 57, . 11 35. • , 5 15, 7 28, 11 35. 10 15 4 43, 14 aMondays excepted. b Mondays only. 10 45, 12 1, 1 42, .8 raeburY-7 40, 95, 12 15, 1 50. 3 17, 'rive 8 44, 7 45. 0 5 55, 11 53. 73,..er9Y- 6 , 5 11.6 4,7 42, 10 14. 11, 96, 9 59, 11 55, 1255, 5 •Att, ye 5 15 p.m. lestown -5 45, 710, 8 2008 35, 105, 1040, 127, 1223, 7 8. 8 55, g 29 1.„1.0. 115, 240. 330, 348. 440, 540, 6 J „ut .. 40. SEelundays 7 35,749,843,456,60, 7 47* 940 a. 5 40, 7 17, 4% 3955_..4 45,5 45 710 10 40 1 15, 3 18, 4 21, 4 Bunday 8 43, 5 0,6 0,7 4* 7. aMondants3o4ll.l- - -243,520 . 9 05,11 40, 1223, 2 . Vicku„_, 9h 940 • 1148. 129, S 1 52 '-,! '' Perry & Penk..th -7 38. 8-, ' *Sundays 443,..03111430: 4M. 6 15, 80,9 8. Sundays 8 48, 2 40.7 80 • aSatur- 15, e ti 441491 (Cheshire Idnet)-7 12, 7 58. • 1 25 c 930, dlO 15, 1139. • 4 5 2.9 6 1 b clay, 9 0 , I 0•41„. ,• 9 90, 11 25, 2 32, 75, 9 18' 95, 10 40, Is2utc 0. 10 10. dSaturdays, 44p•Ied.oRuns 5 minutes later on Saturdays. cSaturdays ex- Ola, 1 2 40. 50w-2 40, 6 20, 9 55, 11 40, 1223. 2 32, 3 48. Sundays 44(1„01borne._5 al). hio 15. , 7 10, 8 35. 1040, 1223, 1 15, 3 48,5 40, 7 17. 58-t3'...Kh G Sundays 843 60. reen-7 12,7 56, 96, a 9 25, 10 43, 12 0, 1 15 , 2 5, 4 0, _ _ alB 6 10, 6 33, 670, 80, alo 15. Sundays 90, 11 29. 2 32, on Satord • all.ndays and Saturdays only. bßuns 5 minutes later dalr..l4.,n9lligse. wishead_ 6 57, 7 55, 8 21. 2 23, 70, 9 15, sun- L'tt:, 6, 10 17, 312, 5 15, 7 15, 931 2 .10 49 '4061-From Arpley Station-8 20, 722. 83'9 9' 9 58' 1 38, 1 16. 238, 350, 415, 5 ~,. Sundays 8 18, 6 13. 7 8, a 745, 50, 3 8, 8 18. aSaturdays only. 3 12'1.`1•Puol (L. & W.)-5Z5,N 710, 80, 85, 105. 10 35, 4 rj, 110 2 40 6 0•9 , 445., 78' 40 1020. Sundays 520, -•••• 42 , 3 712 7 53, 538 i e,,,,,i (Cheehlre Lines)-04 29, 530, 5625, 7 35, 8 43, 3 28, 6 10 12 511 Yn. 95, 9 50, 1024, 10 35 10 40,10 50, 1150, 120, 12 50, 15, 252503 32 *3 50 40, 4 50, 5 29, 550.1 _ • 8,1°1148 50,50, 80: 850, 95; 918, 10 10,10 45, 1 39 10 10,41 P 43°' M. 90, 9 57, 1555, 220, 232, 1,, ... aßx(ept 'Mondays. bMondsys only. 11 311, 7 5, 8 30, 9 18, 515 "..11 (L. )257b3 23 9 50. i 0 45, 12 1, 2 01.1 . ys •11 3h . •-a , • 114neeptd,o,t. -63 f 0b1ai.,..A-aaaysYLl2y6.7, 10 15, 4 40, 11 35. aM aa land 4 6. (ilidlalad)--6 11. 959, 1255, 50. 555, 4176 8 111 53. a5O -8 20 72 AZ 0. 2, 83,9 0, 9 58, 10 49, 10 54, 12 38, 1 16, 2 38, as :• 13. 5 la. 6 13, 78, a 745, 9, Sundays 8 SU, 38, 8 18. , daN s only. Prom Arpley Station 825 9 19, 1040 s' helaer (L. & 14.-W.)-2 45, a 4 45, 545, 1111--"218. 115, 20, 3 18, 421.4 40, 5 40, 62, •;,:lai3m2 45, 7 40, 8 43, 50, 60, 7 47. abfondays 01•17• 771170,*8 p,'lo 20. $ irlilaheater (oheshho Lines)_. 57, 7 55, 8 21, 8 47, 855,90,,. a 8,1 ,55 1025 , 10 55, 11 65, 12 43, 12 55, 1 45, 71355'2 251 lag* 45, 4 55, 5 46, 5 55, 6 27, 655' - 3' 75'10 17* 15, 931, 11 47. Sundays 8 56, 937, - ' , 1714' . 15,7 15, 9 17, 9 31, 958, 100. )44,44,Z1911-7 35, 10 45. 2,35,5 35, 7 28. 1 a 42D ,2 35, 535. 728. Sundays 1015. 10 75" .9-le-Wi lluys-2 45, 4 45, 5 45, 7 . 8 25' 8 35' 9 19* 8 640, ..10 40, 12 ,12 23, 1 15, 2 40, 3 18,3 30, 3 48, 421,440, 5 0 33, 8 65, 10 15, 10 20. Sundays 245. 740, ilk; 00. ,6 0, 945. &Mondays only. i ---41,;..e_1111dAya . 765, 8 21, 10 27. 12 27, 2 25, 527, 7 0, 8 3, 856 1017' 350, 5 15, 8 31. 29, ,:tan-2 7, 8 4740. 5 26, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 11 40, 1223, 232, 348, 1414 Sundays 2 40, 8 43, 3 35, 60, 9 45. .86. 9 tit*ru--1 38. 8 25, 10 28, 11 48, 1 29, a 152, 3 20. 5 12, 615 ' paSaturdays only. etens-5 25, 7 10, 8 20, 8 35, 10 5, 1035. 127, 1 10,2 40, 40. 6 10, 7 li, 8 55, 10 20. Sundays 735. 8 43, 4 66. Thelw 1, 2 38, 3 a"---6 83, 90, 958, 10 49, 10 54, 1238, 1 16, 18, 613, 78, a 7 45. 98. Sundays 853, ,W 14 aSaairdays Only. From Arpley Station, 4‘ 62 324 n (is'••,,;t* 11•-W.)--.7 38, 825, 940, 10 28, 11 48, 1 29, Cleat %.,,--, -• .., 5 12, 6 15, 80, 98. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 750. wiud• `Aye only. 85, Pe, (Cheshire Lines)-7 58, 95,100, 10 40, 12 0, 1 15, I 18.` .8, 40, 5 29, 610 70, 930. . Sundays 99, 940, 2 32. Wigarl 2 4- tit! , 0, 843 47' 29 s 20, 5 45, 8 35, 9 59, 11 40, 12 23, 232, 's•'- 6 847, 1015, *2 40 Sundays 2 40, ,335.60.945. *

TO WARRINGTON PROM 10 5, 1 48, 7Z. Sundays 10 40, 4 15, 0 ssneta. n Briclge-6 : k 39. 732. 55, 852, 1145, 38, 51, 644, 829, 7 Su. 4ti!,,4trree-9ndays 653 29.1 \ 30. 728.10 4. Sundays 935, 241, 8 31. 2 k Dnit•N• and Hillhouse -9 14, 116, 7 is, 949. Sundays 26 817 -.art ' • kirk°*-7 5, 8 55, 1 55, 5 45, 90. Sundays 745• p.m. 14_erthead- 6 15, 7 30..10 15. 1 15, 155, 510, 6 20. a 45n1ilham (L. & N.-W.)-11 15,310, 60, 7 30, 90, 9 55, 9ir. 0, 125, Sundays 11 15,3 10.8 45, 12 15, 70. 8 .11 linßham (81•6. & 1,•)-6 5, 8 50, 11 35, 123, 240, 545, 94 .16. Sundays 430 a.m., 40, 1119. ),2 churn-8 35 10 48, 18, 2 10, 30, 75, Sundays 80, .A 0 • (Talbot Road)-8 15, 8 40, 9 53, 10 35, 1 20, )3445, 7 10, 835, 100. Sundays 725, 1 40, 5 15, 7 25. 2 50, 4 12°"1 (Central) -8 0, 8 27, 8 55, 958, 10 25, 120, 8,.4t010, 655, 815. Sundays 7 10, 1 20, 455, 850. 45. 80 8 45, 10 35, 12 30, 1 20, 2 45. 4 20, .8 30. 10 40. Sundays 8 20, 6 10, 9 20. '47.-7 5, 9 35, 11 32, 1 31, 8 40. Bandar, 7 35' : -. earlic. „ 50, 8 40, 1 40,5 38, 841. Sundays 12 5 am" Ip, i,g--675252 8 45. 9 40, 10 12, 48,51288 n SpG reen-6 39, -. ' 116, 1145, 1 _ 25.2 210, 635,73550 35, 7 35, 80, 20. Sundays 630. 650, 2, 7 16, 842, 1014. 1238. 1 43,2 10. 223. 10 46 Sundays 810.7 15: 243.5 ,-wse4--0.23..4 42: 6 ON 40, i 13 . 9 15,11 5, 1110. 12 30, 157 . 5, 30. Sundays 23. 4 42, 6 10, 2 35, 13sre ," 9 7 21,-78,7-8 16, 10 17, 1143, 247, 542. 8 11. SunclAY. la 7•;,-,-8 15, 10 1 7e 20. 1 10. 35, 3 45, 4 5), 70,8 3, 3 30. Bun- t 1 uo, 6 18, 650 3 30 'l. g "--6 59: 720 • 8 43, 8 46. 9 29. 10 18, 11 26.0 12050, 412.0 '' .'• 54. 2 15, 226, 438 5 32, 5 53, 6,Av- 03 , - ' d 20t: %dr. L uundaye 8 34. 9 52, C... a 15,-6" -6 le, 9 59, 10 3, 40. 7 23. aSatur ay is 18 ''dillt, • 78, 8 10, 9 47, 523. 540. 7 26. Sundays 847, 0. , V kid i s'lll-10 20, 20, 60. Sundays 8 50, 60, 91 __ _ ~,,, '7.6 21:,,l'errY k Penketh-7 12, 92. 9 38, 12 27,2 11. 4 6 I (ittr '"". 8 57. Sunda s 8 32. 2 57, 87. ' 11„ 8 st^,3n (Cheshire Lines)Y-5 54, 627, 7 50, 90.9 8 10, 352. 515, 5 53, 6 57, 8 57, 11 21. Sundays 823. %as 400, 3 17, 4 42, 6 51. 8 54, 9 40. 5O. 12 5, 4°14 w-1515. 20, 550, 95. Sundays 95. k41.1.ty:46--6 44, 826, 10 22. a 27, 1 54, 4 28, 535, 1042. sl9 clIJ,,c Green-6 36, 83, ~ 1 si' • 6 4. 7 11. 9 11. Sundays 88188'3170. 93213.134,311.544.525,291-'12°:•:: rn ncl Cadishe d-7 38,9 56, 1 13, 5 4, 8 52, 1120. S Liiitto‘'s 09, 454. 9 55. 30 4 8 13. 8 40, 928 106. 11 17, 1 20. al 45, 2 13, 2,i. 22, A °4 7 /4'5 46. 6 7 6 49 7 49, 9 1, 8 56. --, Li's" s"). a•-atur.days'only. bBaturdays excepted. 11 27. Sundays 8 33. .26 esrp„,4 (L. 4 N.-W.)--a2 35, 6 0, 80, 920, ll 50, 130, 5. 8 35, 105. 11 0. aMondays 0n1y.308 40, 8 43, •30 ''„rPocl (Central)-5 45, 6 10, 7 30, i',3a. 1030, 1120, 1130. 1230, 35 7 30, 80, ? 36 -kIY. 4 30, 4 40, 4 55, 530. 5 33, 6 30, 12 480, 16,3_0_, 1 50, 2 0, „.. 55 ' 4, ,J,„5. 9 30, al° 45.11 0, 1130. Sundays 8 od. ". 6 30, 8 30, 8 33, 9 30. allondays an lc. 12 0 5 15. 7 15, 7 30, 10 30, ' 9Saotu, Saturdays 4 aPden (L. . N -,.)-10 0. 12 0 100. 5 0. 4 10. 6 30. Sundas 880.100. , 12 0.430 n (Midland)-5 15. 10'S. 1210. 20, 40, 50, a 9 15, „4 „ I,Bllndsms 3 15, 120. a except Mondays n 9 58. 10 9-, 111. a 137, 25. 59'7,,0b-abdi 32. 9 k.O, '125. 'll b 5 38, 5 59. 6 41, 741,1 Sundayselx9c.epted. 113 25, 7 25. aSaturdays on y. 7 0, 80, 90, 9 40, 11 0, 11 2Z.obester (L. & N .-W.)-6 0, 8 sbtatBu4rBdaylsl 235. 345 425, 5 10, 60. 76. 9 20, 10 40, 110. 11...14 8 0, 830, 90. 60, 1040. e elne ~..,u 9' 815, 830, a 9 0, nnwr (Cheshire Lines)- T ar6 48. 10 30, 10 45. n 30. 12 30. 12 45, 130. Sundays 30. 3 30, 4 30, 6 10. 6 30, 7 30, 8 12. 8 30. 11 0. is 1 40. 2 0, 2 5, 6 30. 8 5, 8 25, 9 30. adays 8 30, 9 15,Mondays and litili'eY° Only. Ile (lieu-Joh-6 58 10 57, 2 42, 61. Nn°l.s-7 0, 96. 11 55, 320, 5 16, 657. Sunday. 715, 448. 11 43-Willows- 6 55, 4 55. 5 49, 6 27, 727, 8 39, 924, 10 9, 11 23. 7 aosja 45, 1 4 al 28. 1 48, 238.33, 47. 438, __. 9 49, 10 0, a 65: 0,35, 99, 6 55, 11 8. bll 43 Sundays 830 „ Pm,: 20. 11 5 a and Baturdaya al;1191., 8 32, 8 55, 10 9, 1 .4' 5 _ 17, _ 9 16. Sundays ti 53 1,0,-7 51, - pA, 1 20, 9 12. 8 45. 431 ,I, ,2 7, r 5 50, 95, 9 39. 11 15, 11 20, 12 15, 2 40. 4 25, °. 9 35. 1047. Stindays 27, 8 35,3 15, 6 10, 10 47, 8236. i Itti.-..vs c,ceepted. 3Monday mornings (Sy.: 915536, 2 1iji,e3485-0 852186 76 se. 5 26, '4°"'ft--e; 45. 8 39,9 10, 1:. 22, 11 50, 1 so a 16, 4 40, 5 40, 6t. H 1115. 12 5. 130, .6 55 9.. • • . 0. 015 87 2208,; 9801,8101300 ,01,1 20. Sundays 740. lit 5 5 n. train will leave St. Helens for St. Helene Junction Helens Junction at 5,11. s•la• cu :%lond tys, and arrive St. He „. rn ch.! ' 16 141 29, 2 55, `,I 19 -17,a,11---8 9. 8 36. 9 24, 102, 1113, 1 --* a 'da 9 s 29. < 29; :" 44s 63, 6 45. ?45, 8 57, 9 52, 11 23. Sundays 3' %yid 29. atiaturdays only. Haturdays exCentii 12 1 4,2 10, (L. de Ji.-me,)-7 5, 8 56, 9 28, 10 33 - i 50, 7 59. 5 0,555, 6 46, 8 50, 11 6. Sundays '824. ,„.• nifty, 227 a 7" (Cheshire Lines)-8 30.9 16. 10 9. 11 12.12 25, 1 27,3 38. 05. 430 5 6 7167 56 9 16. Sundays 842, •92 9 , 29, 9, . . 4 54. 1010-a2 33. 6 33, 8 15. 9 31, 1010, 1215, 143,2 30, 415,.. -,,31-S, 1113.° 25. 8 10, 8 52, 1030. Sundays 238, 340,6 50, s alf'''eePt Mondays, bHondays only. 04 ,tri win e d after Monday, May Ist, the following Companies °l' ltai7"° to convey 'second Class Passengers on their Lines Y. an i serond and Class Bookings between London will j;e".."stern Stations and stations on the Hallways named, . Itlldraw and on d after that date :-Caledonlan nail 1 4. -ainbria, nailwa . Great Northern Railway, Highland Rastg Hallway. The London and North 'l,teluest.' s'oraPany will still continue Second Class Bookings -504014 their System.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
_ _

InN

b ondisc3-'.es; vooa • be cdloi no real 01 and t° :tore.

;frier POVNS

gh-class p of th° positiveVe pationi3Ogi

iver Pillienitie .0 be deljie xed nerior e - rectU • acts (4:, poi leys ; L.u.e, •ft impur'l 5 droPs'ieso 0 is I) tat name 'Free „Qt :ent

CI GELER Lonfiot

__--- 441) ..--- ,1014 jr,,ii

CO. 11A 11'. VOrnen' ieri Oa' tl ft of eYeri's ' F_ACI

TiTION% is iinPre'

E cos- go ; so vie 1.001 rsallest ainlfee: $ ion to • ato ossible wi(

hti Scerl v.: r that g at II gOg ' t 013 :SOO I'llbl A . • ,1%9V1" ?rt, E oollv ad, Arl°l:4 af2d sCt,'gflat' ooiaol

jes.:ol7l:es:. •:; ,35'10. 8 114' r 0005 0, apPW 016 or fiergetic reOld ,1Y ea pie ising PAIT° 1,1 PER- tiO for 0. etor oor.. a colic' (10" Door` tfs f,O )oart dd" 0.• ~,A0 F:n bar, 4et601 cre Plc" eillesr, a'bge , he, ipegbis r afaoli6

DA" F MB" Ard'iecit:iert; l9age'nolSlfelg'r4ceg' lEalttleueUtrn ia rnoalj to t(nrtia D 8 cav out ot ng 1)5 te4l' tilo frus,r3bis r.'e,s , nti_ooenips? do' hiCa;beert /dlJ'ff ,lA-- 61 A tDv ay., in,iiect frinalon °•,,t a se',nd tbe,de, odio jewel,' jar' ve• d • it°4l S2n ci Da DI itD wide 4.0 3 IV /njeAti°l44l,l4, °lit; Of AI 01°1 00 tiops itO e ow thole di to tooe • diow outoo'e oorieo4 .ta4feef;er°, '8 p 0 f ac:i)ac"°lite g° pr r, wevi:ve oe into 00 on ttle :tc i,ot ?Id rion tholpeot, 01°. 01,3 ?dr% pr Abet:: tb,°;o flejir°l/0(1 enttill die. 0 $OO SePr'"el trad d ste'n °lfigs a,tl was !ajas >f 0 rjg sA cba LO,O ion tv 0 lortgf fro nee;ls shorri 41.1;5.913n t° toe 300,n, ef IC 0 de 1"110 4 • of tdroie- I . Sou ,cd. bevel 0001 el phooP ceo 'All PeciroliihegeoW LlSarjwitt) "1014 , a, l'6!chto "ItrY 'lOl ibtat e°,ltiorltie:j.oo 010 in'quegio ttv't .de f • tbri, rre".oi !on' doh° (WI e r 01119 , 10401 • titmt dePt:" oat° to we le ie it of 10 0:0 trYI in tore ti• I fa-0 ctniciel tfa..0.4 00 6W'et IWO), IP preS:gitgo j;, fain° ro JAY, eoPle, .10,1,1,k1:000' 1,1 rie t.,110 •to • aed io,t eopo, 'fti 'irecl " Mk' e 55 re. 15045 wt.ir the (1,4 • gia;att'ecte•

';es detWilfit

0 9 pr,.te :14

===== 0002601_18930527_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
WHIT-MONDAY AT ST. HELENS.

The weather at St. Helens Wat 3 all that could be desired by holiday-seekers on Monday. The early excursion traffil, however, was light compared with last year. Trips had been arranged by, the Liberal Association, to Blackpool and SouthpOrt ; Sutton Conservative Club, to Blackpool; St. Thomas's Sun- day School, to, Blackpool; and the Primitive Metho- dists to Southport. The St. Helens Cricket Club left the town early for Preston, where a match had been arranged with the club of that name; and on Tuesday the club visited Blackpool. The chief attraction in the town was the annual fcstival at Littler's Field, Den- ton's Green, of the Parish Church, York-st. Mission, and Windle Mission Sunday Schools. A monster procession was formed at the Parish Church, and proceeded to the field by way of Church-st., Baldwin-St., and Duke•st. It was headed by the St. John's (Ravenhead) Brass Band and the banner of the Men's Bible Class, and was com- posed of the Men's Bible Class (nearly 400), the Women's Bible Class (200), and the scholars, who numbered about 2,000. The Parr Brass Band accompanied the York-st. scholars, who brought up the rear. Banners and flags added to the general effect of the procession, which was witnessed by large crowds of people. Half an hour after arrival the athletic sports were commenced, and these continued until nearly eight o'clock. There were forty- two events and 402 entries. The Gerard's Bridge Con- gregational Mission, in charge of the Rev. G. White, and the Nutgrove Weslryans held their annual field-day at Carr Mill and Elton Head respectively. At the railway station the bookings for Saturday and Monday showed an increase of about 400 on the corresponding period last year. The returns for Monday were :—Guaranteed excursions: Liberal Association, Southport 700; Black- pool 300; Primitive Methodists, Southport, 500; and St. Thomas's, Blackpool, 300. Company's excursions: Llandudno, Conway, Bettws-y-Coed, and Rhyl 100; Windermere and Morecambe, 50; Liverpool, 1,000; Chester, 100; Blackpool, 250; Southport, 450; Man- chester, 120; Belle Vue, 200; Salvation Army, to Run- corn, 100; United Methodists, to Frodsham, 50; ordinary passengers, about 500. On Saturday 550 Volunteers booked to Conway. The number of passengers was greatly in excess of last year, and although the fares were rather smaller, there was a slight increase en last year in the takings.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHIP CANAL.

According to a recent statement by Sir John Harwood who may be supposed to have the best possible informa- Ulan, the Manchester Ship Canal will be completed in January next. One of the older directors of the com- pany thinks this anticipation may be realised, but his own opinion is rather that it will be March before the canal is opened. Nobody connected with the canal now puts the date later than March or April of next year. The disappointing postponements from year to year have been traceable far less to engineering difficulties than to those connected with money and with law. These have taken turn and turn about from the beginning. Now that the money seems to be secured, thanks to the resolve of the Manchester Corporation to find it, and an outlay of £15,000,000 or upwards is fairly faced, law is again the ruling factor. It is stated that until the Lon- don and North Western and Great Western companies come to terms under arbitration with the Ship Canal Company, the latter•will be prevented from dealing with three of the five,railway lines that the canal must inter- sect. The arbitration proceedings have yet to begin,' and their issue is said to be vital as regards the comple- tion of the canal in any calculable time. Monetary causes of delay being overcome. There is no doubt that the works have made satisfactory progress during the past twelvemonth. Even the railway deviations were com- pleted early this year, and handed over to their respec- tive companies. But whereas the two Cheshire Lines deviations have been, in the one case, brought into use, and in the other put in train for use with- out much further delay, the other three have been so far used for goods traffic alone, and it is only when when they are used for passengers under terms pending arbitration that the old lines can be cut and the Canal works at those points proceed. A length of about eleven miles between Eastham and the river Weaver has been open since September, 1891. It was necessary to push on the work in that section, be- cause under the Company's Act of Parliament ,the im- portant works in the neighbourhood of Runcorn were not to be commenced until there was a clear course for the pre-existing traffic between the river Weaver and Liverpool. This has been one of the causes of the delay of the works as a wholer Th'ePpening of this seaward section has been rewarded with success sufficient to confirm the Canal directors in their anticipations of very striking traffic developments along its banks. The new port, Saltport, at the Weaver mouth, has become a growing centre of shipping traffic with distant parts of the world. The very difficult sections of works to the eastward, round Weston Point in the Mersey estuary, has made a great ad- vance since last Whitsuntide. The section includes a length of close on 3.000 feet of river wall, 16 feet wide at the top, risine from a base of 22 feet. The Weston Mersey Lock (600 feet by 45 feet) gives access to the estuary opposite Weston Point, the Bridgewater Lock (400 feet by 45 feet) forms the river entrance to the Run- corn docks, which consist of 150 acres of docks and buildings, including a seaboard of 900,000 square yards. These works are virtually completed. Water was ad- mitted on May 2, and very shortly the Runcorn docks will resume their former appearance. The Runcorn Old Quay Lock is for the accommodation of the Whines trade. This also is finished. The swing aqueduct of the Bridgewater Canal at Barton, near Manchester, where the Ship Canal passes underneath, is so nearly finished that the pumping of water into it has begun. At the Manchester end of the waterway five or six miles are practically completed, and water has been admitted into the Salford docks for several weeks past. There is still some dredging to be done in the neighbourhood of Salford, but ships could very speedily come up to Man- chester if there were no other obstacle in the way. The Manchester docks are not in so forward a state as those at Salford, but there is no doubt that they will be ready when required. A start has been made with the erection of sheds in the docks, and it is expected that before long abattoirs will be ready for the reception of foreign cattle, which it is intended shall be brought up to Manchester to be slaughtered as soon as the Canal is completed. This is one of the many ways in which it is expected that Manchester will benefit by the Canal. Butchers'-meats may or may not be cheaper to the con- sumer, but it will clearly be brought to the city at less expense than now. THE "BENT BOW."

The "Daily Chronicle" says :—Mr.Gladstene's friends and opponents can join forces in convicting him of a fine niece of inconsistency. In his admirable and strikingly democratic speech on Monday he began by declaring that "The Almighty did not intend the bow always to be bent." We defy the Prime Minister to point to any known public career which has consisted so completely of the " bent bow" as his own. He would, of course, answer us that recreation has played a sufficient part in his life, but we should retort that he has bent the bow of his own health and strength almost as fully in his recreation as in his work. From the time he went up to Oxford to the present moment he has pursued his inte- rests with a perfectly relentless energy. To mcst of us " recreation" includes a proportion of mere idling. It has been well said that a man who is unable to lie on his back in a field and be happy in gazing for an hour into the mild and unresponsive eyes of a cow has lost one of the most important of human capacities. Yet it is im- possible to imagine Mr. Gladstone idling—and certainly his recent exp.rience would hardly induce him to be- gin the particular process of lotus-eating to which we have alluded. No, he has taken life very seriously in- deed. Every moment of his life has been filled with some definite and high purpose, and he has pursued this purpose with all his might, and if there has ever been a more marvellous example of the "bent bow" than the spectacle he now affords in his ninth decade, carrying on his shoulders almost the entire weight of. a contro- versy against odds so great that all the world is gazing with fascination into the lists, we have never heard of it.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
INTELLIGENCE OF BUIL•DOUS.

• With regard to the fidelity of the bull-dog, that quality is almost proverbial. Their intelligence has, however, been often questioned, and without doubt many are slow at picking up new ideas ; but the majority of bull-do.; pups of to-day, if carefully and kindly brought up, will develop intelligence at least as great as that of most dogs. The writer's experience has been that a properly trained bull-dog is only equalled in cunning by a fox or a monkey. They have not yet been given a fair chance in this respect, and great improvement will no doubt be shown in a few years. " His Grace the Duke of Guise- bury" (when the property of Mr. Wilton J. Rix) was left for some time at a strange house by his master, who slept there a few nights and then went away, much to the consternation of" Guisebury," who was apparently unable to believe that his master could be safe without him at his side. However, in a day or two, the dog Seemed to console himself with the idea that, after all, business was business, and must be attended to,and that there could be no good in worrying about what was done, and accordingly settled down and became his old self. In about a fortnight, " Guisebury " happened to be wanted, but was nowhere to he found, although a characteristic snorting and whining could be heard when he was called by name. After some time this was traced upstairs to the room where " Guy's " ewner had slept, and there ms lord was found, seated on the bed in great triumph, and saying as plainly as dogs can speak, "This is where my governor sleeps, and I am going to stop here till he comes back. I'm sorry I could not come when you called me, but you see I had other engagements." The doorof the room was open, so that he might have come when called, which, as his whining showed, he evidently rather wished to do, if he bad not stuck to what he thought his duty. This is by no means en exaggerated instance of the intelligence of these dogs, and this particular animal has not been brought up in a manner calculated to develop sagacity, but, on the contrary, had been disgracefully used.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0169.txt | included=true | included =====
INI' MACHINE,

guifitiemomionwrialti mit imaiti atmiumeliam ' 'r'.4. • "..0 ,=.. FOR SPRING CLEANING. _ tEss cimEIkNSE*R ~...4 ~; W ATS 0 NS ~...3, .. _ ..._, . ..i, AT C H .... s a '-ili F 2, FOR ALL .--,-... ..., THE BEST 5 OAP PURPOSES. 5 iihi'lMllTlllllllllllllllllliillillititilifilliiiilii"MiiillWilißtlitlilliti iirjW1111111410111Mr;

===== 0002601_18930527_art0170.txt | included=true | included =====
RHEUMATE

ELLIMAN'S UN

:RSAL

LUMBAGO.

SPRAINS.

, is. lid. & 2s. 9d.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0171.txt | included=true | included =====
ECZEMA CURE

W. GEE TAYLOR'S

- - - At once stops irritation, and cures all SKIN DISEASES. Contains NO POISON. Does not Stain. I'rice Is. PA and 2s. Od., or Postal Order Is. 3d. & 3s, from Sole Proprietor. Agents wanted.

W. GEE TAYLOR, Chemist, Hangerford. Berks

WOODS' PATENT GALVANISED STEEL WIRE MAMESSESI With French and Persian Bedsteads complete. To be seen carrying ONB TON.

We Challenge E. 7 other Wire Mattreis to stand this Test lt flirt is it ever re- quired qf a Mattress !hat it should carry one ton Certainly _ not. Hitherto the plaints gainst the use of Wire dtresses has been that they Afretched after a time, which was true. We give this severe test to prove that ours will not stretch. If they do within 5 years we will replace with new ones. To be had from THOMAS SUTTON, Sale Rooms, Legh Street. THE LONGFORD WIRE Co. Limited WARRINGTON.

For all Societies. Send for fn.e illuqrated Catalogn, RS SS SIL1( 8A1414 GEO. TUTILL. 83.City-road,London.

Jo. 1085—lrenah. -1111141•111 m• • 111111111 , MM. : areri•ome.*". r e°mplb' Blatt str

===== 0002601_18930527_art0172.txt | included=true | included =====
THIS GRAND MEDICINE

AGRIPPIN

Is a certain core for any of the following dlsorder3 MrCASLES. SCARLET FEVER, TYPHOID FEVER, SMALLPDX, INFLAMMATION OF THE LUNGS, ERYSIPELAS, DIPTHIC nu. PLEURISY, or other INFLAMMATIONS. BLOOD POISONING, IN- FLUENZA, COLD IN THE HEAD, SICK HEAD- ACHE, BITES OF ANIMALS, INFECTIOUS and CONTAGIOUS DISEASES.

SOLD BY JOSEPH BIBBY, Grocer, St. James's-street,

Latchford.

Prepared only by

T. FORSTER, EARLESTOWN, LANCASHIRE.

KEATING'S PO WB11),E.1;;.1:m. Bugs, Moths, Beetles.

KEATING'S PO WDE R." Kills Fleas, Bogs, Moths, - -

Beetle,.

_ 1. KEATING'S POTGIE. KU 'Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. 4-19-7

KEATING'S POlSK'llilEs Ril'eas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles.

KEATING'. POWDER,"

This powder, so celebrated. is perfectly unrivalled In destroying BUGS, PLIDIS, MOTHS, BEHTLDS. and an Insects (whilst perfectly harmless to all animal life). All woollens and furs should be well sprinkled with the Powder before placing away. It is invaluable to take to the Seaside. To avoid disappointment Insist upon having " Keating's Powder." No other Powder is effectual. Sold on'y in tins, 6c1., Is., and 23. 6.1., Be Arose of imitations. Don't be deceived.

WORMS IN CHILDREN, WORM 3 IN CHILDREN, are e trily, surely. and with perfect safety got rid of by using KEATING'S WORM TA 13 L h'TS . Nearly all children suffer from Worms. If suspected, do not wait; you can with ease cure the child (has no effect except on worms). Sold by all Chemists. in Tins Is. lid each.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0173.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPORTANT TO FARMERS I

TILE AIANC/LESTER CORPORATION

CONCENTRATED MANURE, MADE FROM BLOOD, BONES, FISH, AND DRIED ANIMAL MATTF.R, ETC., From the city slaughter-houses, markets, etc., ContAtm from 31 to 4 per cent. AMMONIA and 8i to 10 per cent. BONE PHOSPHATES. Analysts Guaranteed. R3PER TO Nut. r riDa, ealet Ip•eariedd tit thennelaortesst wßiatitliiwnaTsg tamtheon.. Supply strictly limited. ror Samples, Testimonials, lee., apply to WH/LEF, SUPERINTENDENT. CLEANSING DEPARTMENT, TOWN lIALL, MANCLIEsTER ; OR TO MR. BOLD ALDRED, STAMFORD-ROAD, ALTRINCIIAM

SILVER MEDAL. EDINBURGH, 1890 GOLD MEDAL, JAMAICA, 1891. GOLD MEDAL, DERBY, 1891.

COLEMAN'S

WINCARNI S, OR

LIEBIG'S EXTRACT OF MEAT AND MALT WINE. WINCARNIS Is the New Name Regis' ered to Prevent Fraudulent Imitations. OVER TWO THOUSAND Unsolicited Testimonials have been received from Medical Men. IMPORTANT UNSOLICITED TESTIMONIAL FROM Dr. MATTHEWS, Dereham-road, Norwich. Dereham-road, Norwich, June 13th, 1892. aentlernen,—You have been kind enough to send me several free orders for your " Whicarais," and it ha* given much relief to several who were in a dying state—they could take the" Wincarnis " when everything else was rejected, I sin now begging thefavour of asking you if you can do a ve..wk of charity in giving a peer dying man some of your Wincarnis. It has kept him up some weeks. He is 811ffer- lag from an internal cancer. His means are all gone. Friend& and his family have purchased two large b9ttles weekly_ They cannot afford him more. He has had the most expen- sive wines, but nothing suits him like the" Wincarnis." The easels urgent. The gentleman has filled an important posi- tion in this county,but his meansare gone.—Yours faithfully. W. MATTHEWS. Messrs. Coleman and Co., Limited.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0174.txt | included=true | included =====
WINCARNIS

Wine Merchants, and Patent h sold by all Druggists, Medici. Vendors. Ask for COLEMAN'S "WI NCARNIS," or LIEBIG'S EXTRACT OF MEAT AND MALT WINE, and see that the word WINCARNIS le on flie shoulder 0 the bottle. If there is any difficulty In getting the Wine, write direct to the Manufacturers. who will forward Sample Pint Bettie Free by Post on receipt et 33 stamps. Rail PP 308. Sole Manufacturers:

---- (10LEMAN & CO., Limd, :St. George's and Bank Plain, Norwich; and 3, New London-et., London, W.O. Sole Proprietors of " son," the New Beef Tea, and also Coleman's Crown Imperial Invalid Stout, which is strongly recommended by the Medical Faculty.

A BOON TO LADIES. A BOON TO LADIES. A BOON TO LADIES. AN English Surgeon Specialist will forward (free of charge) full particulars of a remedy which, during an extensive practice in England and the Colonies, lie has never known to all in the MOST OBSTINATE CASE OF OBSTRUCTION AND IRREGULARITIES. Forward addressed envelope for full particulars, and waste no more time and money on useless pills and so-called remed- ies. to.. which, In the majority of cases, are nothing but purgatives, and cause sickness, prostrotion, and pain, with- out having the desired result. Letters tobe addressed to_ THE SURGEON, • GOTHIC HOUSE, 9 ERbKINE-ST., LIVERPOOL

L------- IMIT YOUR FAMILY by a new Invention, four stamps for sample.—G. ANDREW, 54, Perth-rd., London, N.

A RISTOTLR'S WORKS, with plates 352 4.ges, 30 stamps. /-11_ "Parts by night, or Gay Life in Paris" ; illustrated 30 stamps.—Post free B BOWLER, 27, Renshaw-et., Liverpool

EXCIIANGIE for Stampel Envelope for particulars. Mar- tied Lady has a most valuable harmless recipe for ladies.—Mrs. BATLEY, Broad-st., Nottingham.

TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS foi Females, quickly correct all irregularities, re.aave all obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptoms 60 PT.", lent with the sex. Boxes Is. lid. and Es. 9d. of all chemists sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker. E. T. TOWLE, Chemist, Nottingham.

OBOX OF CLARKES' B 41 :PILLS is war= . ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Org tns. (neither sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel. and Patna in the back. Gparanteed free from Mercury. Sold In Boxes, 4s. 6d. each. by Chemists and Pattot Medicine Vendors. througle•ut the World; or sent to any ad4ress for sixty stamps by the Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLLND COUNTIES DRUG CossPiiax, Llncoln. Wholesale Agents; BARCLAY LA SONS. London, and all the Wholesale Rouses.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0175.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18930527_art0176.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3 F 4,

===== 0002601_18930527_art0177.txt | included=true | included =====
BURY'S

SNOWDRIFT

CAKE FLOUR.

PADLOCK BRAND.

IT'S A MARVEL!

===== 0002601_18930527_art0178.txt | included=true | included =====
SOLD BY

GROCERS EVERYWHERE.

NOTICE.

If you require a REALLY GOOD QUALITY SPONGE for the Summer, look in at SANKEY-STREET PHARMACY where a special line in BEST HONEY-COMB SPONGES is being shown. from 6d. to ISs. NOTE THE NAME AND ADDRESS: HENRY M. ASHTON. 63, Sankey-st , (Opposite Legh-st.,) Warrington.

?Utters to tin Cllttor.

BOATING ON THE MERSEY.

Sir,—l have often wondered why there are no boating clubs in Warrington like those of Chester and Preston. There is a splendid stretch of river between Howley Dye House, and Dobbins Lock (2 miles), the current is slow and every day the water is getting clearer, thanks to the Conservancy Committee of the County Council. There is a field between Howley Dye House and Howley Wharf which can be let off for boating sheds. lam glad te see an enterprising boatman has already started, and hires boats out at is. per hour, and I under- stand he is doing well. I also understand the owner of the land is willing to let it off for boating sheds. Boating is not only exceedingly healthy but is one of the accomplishments everyone can take part in, for if be is weak or in bad health he can steer. Rowing is most healthy, and exercises every part of the body. I enclose my card and shall be glad to join any club or subscribe for a prize for a boat race.—Yours respect- fully,

===== 0002601_18930527_art0179.txt | included=true | included =====
AN OLD WARRINGTONIAN.

MAN'S IMMORTALITY.

Sir,—Sometime ago—l believe it was at the last sitting of the Church Congress—the question of the Press and Religion was one of the subjects that came up for discus- sion and it was agreed that the cause of Christianity was though; likely to be furthered if the daily and weekly Press of the country would allow the free ventila- tion of rellgious matters in their columns, and to a cer- tain extent, and within reasonable bounds, I quite agree with this opinion. But when the doctrine of man's future existence is not only questioned, but blankly denied, as your correspondent" Snodgrass" and others have done, without as yet, anyone daring to repute their views, I for one shall soon be inclined to swivel round and tate directly the opposite opinion on the mat- ter. Instead of furthering the cause of Christianity such discussions will have, on many minds, directly the opposite effect. Though myself believing strongly in man's future state, yet I admit that some of your corres- pondents have dealt with their views of the subject in a creditable and clever manner. But lam sure there are some of your readers of the opposite school of thought that are equal to the task of refuting and demolishing your correspondents' false line of arguments. Do they think that by simply ignoring such assertisns as " Snod- grass" and" Clifford Dix " makes, that they best serve the cause of Christianity ? If so, then I think the champions of the great Christian, or more properly speAking„ universal doctrine of man's immortality, are labouring under a wrong idea, and one that has about as much vitality in it as that of the ostrich when it hides its head in the sand, thinking thereby to escape from its hunters. Where is Mr. Dignum in this contro- versy? Surely he is equal to the task of taking the ether side. That gentleman, in my opinion, certainly seemed to have rather scored in the recent controversy in your columns on "Buddhism versus Christianity."—l am, sir, yours, kc.

" PSYCHIC."

THE LATE FIRE AT THE FEVER HOSPITAL. Sir,—Will you kindly allow me through the medium of your paper to express my surprise that so little seems to have been done in this town in the way of precaution- ary measures against fires. This is all the more surpris- ing when it is considered that, with two exceptions, Warrington is the only town in England where the sub- stance forming the basis of all fire-proof material is manufactured. Messrs. Crosfield and Sons send their silicate of soda (or glass dissolved in water) to all parts of the globe, and a large part of this is used for render- ing fire-proof, wood and other combustible material. There seems no prophet without '• honour save in his own country," and so perhaps may be explained this remarkable fact, that in the centre of the Silicate industry so little use is made of this important material.

There can be no doubt that a solution of silicate of soda mixed with some mineral colouring matter, forms an excellent material for converting wood, &c., into non-combustible material. As far as my own experi- ence goes the only conditions are : The wood which is to be impregnated, or painted, with this material must be thoroughly dry. 2nd : The mixture must be laid on in very thin coats ; three or four layers are advisable. I know a number of firms who, by impregnating all the wood structure in their factories, e.,pecially that near boilers and furnaces, have every reason to be well satisfied with the result of their care. Such wood-work besides being fire-proof will not warp or be affected by the influence of atmospheric moisture, or steam, and will therefore not show signs of decay for a much longer period than would be the case in the ordinary course of things. The increased protection against, or power to withstand,the destructive influence of weather, which is possessed by wood properly treated with silicate of soda, is alone sufficient to recommend its widespread use. And in the case of edifices where by a fire such certain risks are incurred to human life as in the case of hospi- tals, its use as a precaution against fire is surely more justified ; indeed, seems to me indispensable.—Yours Ecc.,

===== 0002601_18930527_art0180.txt | included=true | included =====
K. E. MARKEL, Ph. D. Lodge-lane, Warrington, May 25th, 1893. GAMBLING ON ADULT AND CHILDREN'S

LIVES.

Sir,—ln reference to" legal proposal fcrms" as men- tioned in the latter part of my last latter, I desire to add this assertion : that as regards legality of naillioss of policies, now in force, they do not conform with a special Act of Parliament, passed for the express purpose of putting a stop to the gambling in lives.. lam extremely anxious to know why this important provision is almost a dead letter. These policies are either being paid upon by near and distant relatives, in the hope that the next of kio will either sign all the papers at death of the assured—for love or a bribe—or the agent is compelled to help them through in order to make it very easy to pay the money, by bringing forth a nominator, an assignment or a bill form, to patch up such spurious documents.

Will any of your kind readers furnish me with reasons why" our life policies" are so much preferred by ofEces, instead of using forms and policies which bear on their faces the true rclationship and the assurable interest clearly defined, the age at entry, how many offices, and the full amount assured, with policy numbers, and with signatures of the assenting and contracting parties on the form ?

Will anyone describe, how any agent, or "super," or effice, would succeed in passing and completing such forms, when entering four parents, four grandparencs, ten to fifteen uncles and aunts, ten to twenty brothers and sisters, and the thirty-two cousins which is about an average family connection for a man and his wife.

I shall certainly continue to press this matter very seri- ously upon those who countenance the method of using forms which were never intended Exr use when entering another person's life, but only using one form for every adult, no matter who pays the ;premium. I have chal- lenged those important journals the "Chronicle "and " Agents Journal," by inserting very strong articles upon the " me and abuse of Life Assurance," and " Fictitious Polices " viz., in January 1892, and Febru- ary and June 1892, and also in your columns in October 1891 and January 1892, with the result that, although I offered two guineas reward to any person that would refute my argument, set forth in the columns of the " Agents Journal," no one has the courage to defend this method of doing business. There are other gross inconsistences of a glaring character practised by in- dustrial offices that would be better ventilated in the interests of agents and members alike, for allaw me to raMark that a great many of the agents and members are more sinned against than sinning. I shall have occasion to comment on the very import- ant but elastic question of "assurable interest "; also upon payment of death claims, why deductions are made and " full payments ref used,if proof of agea at entry are given; the method of paying " grants, and upon children who die under three months and who are out of benefit. The" sweating of agents "is a standing disgrace in any trade, but when applied to the driving of bands of men, by all kinds of devices, to force men, women and child- ren into contracts. I believe it is repulsive to reflect upon, and ought to receive some attention. Nomina- tions, assignments, and will forms, coupled with deceit and falsehood, work endless mischief, in the cooking of death claims, and I shall have occasion to show your readers how thee are manipulated by persons interested. This method applies to every corner in village, town, and city.—Yours faithfully, _

JOHN MOORFIELD. 44, Parker-at., Warrington, May 25th, 1893.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0181.txt | included=true | included =====
MINING ROYALTIES. - SOME REMARKABLE FIGURES.

Sir,—l cannot help being highly amused at your con- temporary, the "Observer," in its notes continuously reiterating the phrases " untrue and nonsense," re the facts used by Mr. A. H. Crosfield in his address, and by myself, in the correspondence to your paper, on the sub- ject of mining rents and royalties, but I still maintain that the figures used were, and are,substantially correct. Let me say, too, that most of the information I have used has not been got from the Manchester paper costing a penny, but from the debates in the House of Commons on the question of mining rents and royalties. Your contemporary has questioned, nay, denied, the truth of my assertion that the Duke of Hamilton ex- torts £114,000 per annum from the mining industry and the facts I used about the mining industry in Lanarkshire. Mr. S. Mason, the then member for Mid- Lanarkshire, in bringing the subject of mining royalties forward in the House of Commons on the 14th of May, 1886, said the principle has been recognised by Parliament that the Government is fairly entitled to interfere where the public welfare is involved, and surely, Sir, the monopoly enjoyed by land- lords in regard to minerals, interferes with the welfare of the nation at large. Mr. Mason representing Lanarkshire, which is probably the most important mining constituency in Scotland. said the rents being a fixed sum, have to be paid whether the mines are worked or not. The coalmasters, therefore, have to do something to enable them to pay the rent and dues exacted, and wages not being a fixed sum they took advantage of the labour market and reduced the wages of their men to such a point that the miners were scarcely able to keep body and soul together. Where then is the truth of the assertion that royalties do not affect labour? He (Mr, Mason) further said that some royalties were as much as Is. 4d. per ton. While tho sleeping landlord is receiving this amount, the miner only gets 101. and in some instances as low as 7d. per ton for hewing the coal. Mr. Mason further stated the fact of the Duke of Hamil- ton receiving £114,000 a year in royalties from his pro- perty in Lanarkshire, and yet neither lie nor his fore- fathers contributed one iota towards the creation of this enormous income. The original method of entering into leases for the working of minerals in Scotland w.s not as it is now, by paying fixed rents and royalties, it was a much more simple system. The recognised owner of the minerals received a given quantity of the output of the mine,or a percentage upon it. The larger the quan- tity the greater the return to the landowner, who shared with the mineowner in the prosperity of the mine, but, if the mine was not worked there was nothing to pay, which was a more satisfactory arrangement than the hard and fast system upon which the mines are worked now. _ _

Mr. Howell, the member for Bethnal Green at the time, said that capital is too largely accumulated in too few hands. Mr. C. Fenwick, one of the members for Northumberland said that a friend of his, largely inte- rested in the coal trade in the north of England, for a number of years, had received no return on the capital invested, and was paying the lord of the manor a sum of £20,000 per annum in the shape of royalty rents, while the wages of the miner had been reduced to the lowest possible point,and indeed but for the large sum distributed among the mining population in the north of England through their trade organisations,many able bodied men of independent spirit would have been compelled, through sheer force of circumstances, to have sought relief from the Guardians. In Northumberland alone over £7,000 had been so distributed, while in Durham a much larger amount. During the same period colliery proprietors had been receiving no return on their capi- tal. On the other hand, royalty owners had been receiv- ing large sums of money, part of which, in all fairness, ought to have been devoted as interest on capital,and to the wages of the miners. The figures quoted as Sir Isaac Lowthian Bell's may be seen in the Blue Book containing the evidence of that gentleman before the Commission, and wherein he stated that the royalties on pig iron varied from 3s. to fis., this going into the pockets of private individuals while in Germany they wore 81,in France Bd. ,and in the United States the amount varies very considerably, but the royalties in those countries, in the main, are in the hands of the State.

Mr. Conybeare, quoting a case, at the gime time, in Cornwall where China clay is the principal industry, said that the system was mast tyrannical. The custom is for 21 years leases, and it is not merely digging for clay, for the owner of the sett must lay out from £B,OOO to £lO,OOO in kilns, tanks, machinery. The rent is usually fixed at several hundreds yearly, which is arranged shall merge into dues when any clay is being returned which shall create a profit. Here is the injustice of the system. Should the tenant not find clay enough to pay the rent, the dues have still to be paid, the dues or royalties averaging from is. 6d. to 4s. per ton. In one case two lords own one the water, the other the clay, the lessees having to pay 2s. for the one and 2s. 6d. for the other, thus making the royalties 49. 6d. per ton. Here is a quotation from one of the leases. At the end of 21 years, or at the determination of the lease, the tenant must leave" all and every suet. work, or works, with buildings, sheds, engine houses, levels, shafts, water courses Am., including tanks, settling pits, and drying sheds, in good and efficient repair," for the land- lord to take possession without compensation being Mr. W. Abrahams, M.P., said that within one and a half miles of the Rhondda Valley,there are 10 collieries producing daily 8,000 tons of coal, the royalties being 9d. per ton. These colleries belong to three landlords, who have been receiving £3OO per day or close upon £32,000 per year each. The South Wales coalfield has been producing annually for the last five years at the rate of 16,000,000 tons, which means that £600,000 has been divided yearly amongst a few landlords, or in ten years, we find that these few individuals have had as their share, no less than £6,000,000, and it might be reasonably asked, for what ? What have the landlords done ? Since the coal has been put there by an all-wise providence for the benefit of man-kind, one would like to know what right they have to these enormous bene- fits. While the employers may go to the dogs, work- men may starve, the landlords must have their pound of flesh, and extra weight at that. .1 hen, sir, having read the report of the Commission recently issued, 1 cannot accept the same as being full and complete, especially in the face of a communication I have received from a member of that Commission wherein he states the Commission found it difficult to get full and accurate figures as to Royalties paid. It is said that trade has increased, but it does not follow that there might not have been a much greater increase if this embargo had not been upon the industry. I have no doubt we are placed at a great disadvantage by this exorbitant incubus, and soon the question of nation- alization of both minerals and the land will have to be considered seriously by our legislature.—Yours. Warrington, May 19th, 1893.

OBagßV.ill.

I enclose copy of a letter I have received from Mr. A. H. Crosfield re the comments in the " Observer " upon his address, and the controversy that has bees the out- come of the address :

May 11th, 1893.—Dear Sir,—l am obliged for the copies of the' Observer" you sent me. lam unfor- tunately rarely able to study this journal, so that I had missed the notes to which you drew my attention. Other engagements do not admit of my entering into any controversy even though this may not exactly fall in with editorial purposes at the "Observer " office. But as you are helping to thrash out the question of these mining royalties, and have been good enough otherwise to support my paper for the Debating Society, let me draw your attention to the following points :—ln the first place the report by the Commission on Royalties is more favourable than some of us feared it might have been. But on the strength of this, yoer critic makes a remarkable assertion,that mining royalties have nothing whatever to do with trade. That is putting the ease in a nutshell. Of course he is entitled to his opinions, but you might be excused if you felt inclined to reply in one syllable " fudge." When business is cut fine and gets down to what the Yankees call " bed rock it doesn't take much to turn the scale agoinst it. That there has been an enormous increase in the mining industry is no proof that that inclease might not have been still greater._

Soap Trade : The reference to the soap trade is not a little entertaining. Fabulous fortunes appear to be the order of the day, but employers are it seems having much better times of it than the men, compared with the old days. Well now I happen to have been secretary for the northern soap-makers for some years past, and have had a good many opportunities of learning at first hand the actual state of trade. And lam divulging no trade secret in saying that in London, Bristol, Yorkshire, and also in minor English centres for the soap trade, the competition of late years has been keener than it ever was before. Wages on the other hand have risen con- siderably above what they were formerly.* The state- ments I refer to are, therefore, about as inaccurate and misleading as they well could be. If he refers in them to the occasional success of highly speculative enterprise then, intentionally or otherwise, he confounds a branch of trade which stimulates industry with the excessive 1 outlay or charge that tends to check it ; and that which tends to improve the labour market with what tends to damage it. This may be instructive and a warning against the obfuscation Toryism in some cases is liable to produce, but it serves no other useful purpose, and certainly does not form the basis for any serious discus- sion of the practical issue in question. By way of putting a finishing touch to his criticism, this brilliant writer, after thus dragging in the soap trade, refers in the same breath to mining royalties as a red herring drawn by manufacturers ! Whether for unconscious innocence or mere effrontery this fairly takes the cake which the writer should be left to enjoy. Graduated taxation : If the Soap trade was introduced as an excuse for changing the subject, the choice was not to put too fine a point on it, unfortunate. Soap is a slippery thing to handle. The very paper which the writer fondly imagines he is pulling to pieces afforded him plenty of choice. It was not entirely devoted to mining royalties though his readers might think so. Take fer instance the question of revised taxation. What an opportunity for dilating on the impracticability of graduation or differentiation, and having proved this to his satisfaction, of denouncing the principle as t applied to death duties—if indeed he rejects this princi- I pie, whieh (not entirely new) is at present somewhat

===== 0002601_18930527_art0182.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r i3,r

===== 0002601_18930527_art0183.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, MAY 27, 1893. OPENING OF THE NEW BATHS I THE INFIRMARY EXTENSIONS. AT WARRINGTON.

unfamiliar, and being renewed and revived by Radicals. I put it conditionally because Tories have so frequently borrowed from us, that it is hard to say what they may take next. This nameless and fabulous scribe belongs politically to a very changeable party, for all their Conservatism, and I believe that in this respeat he is by no means behind-hand; even rather ahead at the rest of his party. Well I will leave him in future to your tenor mercies.—Your truly, A. H. CROSFIELD. P.S.—ln reference to an impersonal remark of mine about vulgar personalities and scurrilous impudence, it is curious to Rote how quickly an individual, to myself vrholely unknown, has chosen to fit this cap right on his head.

*This is one of the many instances where the advance has been effected vrithout the pressure of trades unions, which have done so much for labour in other industries.

The long-expected opening of the new baths took place on Wednesday afternoon, before a very dis- tinguished company. Before the opening ceremony was performed, the Mayor invited the town coun- cillors and other officials and friends to the Mayor's Parlour of the Town Hall, when a good supply of refreshments was partaken of. The company then formed in procession at the front of the Hall, and headed by the Chief Constable and eight members of the police force, marched to the new baths. At three o'clock, almost to the minute, the Mayor opened the door and entered into the building. The procession then marched up to a platform i at the three-feet end of the baths,where a splendid view of the baths could be obtained. The public were after- wards admitted, and a good number availed them- selves of the opportunity of seeing the performances of Professor Lomax, who undertook to do the ini- tial swimming operations. Among those present were the Mayor and Mayoress (Alderman and Mrs. Edward Greenell), Alder.nan Holmes,Alderman and , Mrs. Harrison, Alderman and Mrs. Francomb, Alder- man Chandley, Alderman Wright,Councillor Plump- ton, Councillor and Mrs. Smethurst, Councillor and ' Mrs. Shaw, Mr. Stanley Wilson, Councillor Wilkin- son, Mrs. Shaw-Green, Mr. Longdin ('orough stir- veyor),Councillor R. T. Fairclough, Councillor Hen- ton, Mr. Holt, Councillor Browne,Councillor Garner, Mr. and Mrs. Madeley, Councillor and Mrs. James Fairclough, Dr. and Mrs. Genial), Councillor and Mrs. Bolton, Mr. Haddock (gas manager), Mr. and Mrs. Woodcock, Councillor and Mrs. Ilepherd,Coun- cillor Muir,Councillor and the Misses Bonnell,Coun- cillor and Mrs. Hill, Councillor H. Roberts, Mr. G. F. F. White, Councillor Dr. Cannel], Councillor and Mrs. Dixon' Dr. Peacocke, Superintendent Turner, Dr. and the Misses White, Revs. E.C. E. Carleton, T. Ross, and Horden, Mr. W. Dtggle, Mr. and Mrs. R.H. Pearson, Mr. Henry Greenall, Father Craven,Father Turner, and Father Cody. Mr. Birtles, before the proceedings commenced took a photograph of the occupants of the platform. Alderman Chandley occupied the chair during the opering proceedings, and in introducing the Mayor,said that he thought that most of those present would re- member that the baths in Warrington had had a mere chequered existence than any of the other institutions in the hands of the Corporation. They would no doubt, remember that the baths were originally in Mersey-fit. They were tolerably capacious, but were afterwards found to be inconvenient, and they were removed to Church-st. The Church-st. baths were for various reasons not well supported, and they were removed to Legh-st. on the present site. They were found after- wards to be Unsuccessful financially, and they wese pur- chased by the Corporation. Some time afterwards, the public began to complain that they were inadequate for their purpose, and wished for further enlargements. A scheme was accordingly placed before the Town Hall, Park, and Baths Committee, and a very handsome sum was placed at their disposal by the Town Council to- wards the erection of the new baths, and for the exten- sion of the old one. At the time very much discussion went on as to whether it was judicious or wise to spend so much money on an institution that had been so in- differently attended by the mass of the public. It was then urged that when the new baths were built they would be more attractive than the former filthy and disagreeable one. The committee accordingly adopted the recommendation of the Council, and they placed before the public ot Warrington the bath they now saw. (Applause.) He thought that the public would most certainly say that the Corporation had done what was desirable to be done. They had placed the bath within the reach of all classes of men. A Turkish bath was found to be fraught with too much expense, and it was consideied undesirable to go to the outlay of erecting one, as in many other towns larger than War- rington, Turkish baths were worked at a serious loss. It now depended upon the people of Warrington whether, the baths were a success or not. The Council invited the public to make all possible use of them. They could do no more. It was thought at the time of the laying of the foundation stone, a proper thing to invite the then Mayor to lay it, and it was now desirable that the present Mayor should perform the opening ceremony. (Applause.) With regard to the Mayor, he had taken part in the promotion and general welfare of the Cor- poration, and he (the speaker) could not leave out the name of the Mayoress. (Applause.) She and the Mayor had taken part in many charitable works for the welfare of Warrington. It was with great pleasure that he offered the Mayor on the present occasicn of opening the baths, a salver, as a souvenir of the occasion, in the name of the Corporation. He hoped the Mayor would be enabled in years to come to look back on the present occasion, as one at least in which he stood proud to occupy the position as Mayor of Warrington, and with a certainty of having so many good, loyal and faithful townsmen, whose esteem he had so successfully earned. (Applause.) Alderman Chandley then called upon the Mayor to declare the baths open. The MATOR, who was received with applause, said that he had been requested by the chairman, Alderman Chandley, on behalf of the Town Hall, Park and Baths Committee, to open the new plunge bath, which he believed to be equal to any in the county of Lancashire. The cause of the extension had been owing to the Cor- poration and the public of Warrington feeling most strongly that the accommodation provided by the old baths had become totally inadequate for the town with its great increase of population since they were built on May Ist, 1864. He thought that they had great cause to congratulate themselves that the bath which had been erected was a great improvement. Feeling strongly as he did, the necessity of good public baths, which "night be classed as a great consideration from a sanitary point of view, in a town like Warrington, which had no river worthy of the name, owing to pollution above the weir ever which they had no control, he sincerely hoped that the baths would receive the support they deserved, so that they might be self-supporting, and a comfort to the community at large. He could not allow the occas- ion to pass without thanking in the name of the town, those by whose assistance the baths were as they saw them that day. First and foremost was the Chairman —(applause)—and the members of the Town Hall, Park and Baths Committee which had given so much atten- tion to the work. They thanked them most heartily for the trouble they had taken, not only with the baths but also in the improvements of the park and public gardens. There were also Mr. Longdin, the architect.and Messrs. Gibson, the builders and contractors; and Messrs. Tho- mson and Taylor, and many others who had so ably assisted in the erection of the baths. The Mayor then declared the baths open.

- The salver which was presented to the Mayor by the Chairman and members of the Baths Committee was supplied by Messrs. William Woods and Son, silver- smiths, Sankey-street, and was of solid silver, the design being ot Louis Quatorze period. . .

Inimediately alter the Mayor sat down, an amusing incident occurred which was no doubt pre-arranged. Fair Turner the well-known footballer, and Dick Scans- brick the humourist, were together on the side of the baths. [hey pretended to have a quarrel, and Turner taking hold of Scarishrick threw him into the water, he being at the time fully dressed. Turner then jumped in after him, and the two caused roars of laughter by their antics.

The programme of the afternoon was then begun, Alderman Francomb taking the chair. The first part consisted of swimming feats by Professor Lomax who went through the following feats :—" Swimming like a porpoise," " Sculling on chest, feet first," "Monkey up a stick," " Swmming on the back, with one leg out of water," "Swimming like a seal," " Peeling an apple under water," " Eating under water," "Swimming like a crab," "Drinking under water," "Swimming on the back with both legs out of water," "Swimming with hands and feet tied," "Showing how to rescue a drown- ing person," "Showing how to break away from a drowning person when clutched by the wrist, both wrists, waist, or the head," "Spinning like a top," "Picking up a coin with the mouth," "Creeping at the bottom of the bath." The professor went through these feats in a first class manner, and elicited frequent ap- plause. The second part of the programme consisted of swimming feats by Masters W. Slater, aged 10 years; R. Lomax, aged 10, W. Lomax, aged eight, and J. Slater, aged six. These four did some clever ornamen- tal swimming, as also did Miss Ethel M. Slater, aged 11, and Miss Gertrude Slater, aged eight. The afternoon's entertainment was closed by a water polo match between Barlow's team and Turner's team which resulted in the victory of Barlow's team by two goals to one. In the evening Councillor Shaw took the chair. Pro. Lomax and Masters W. Slater, R. Lomax, W. Lomax, and J. Slater again gave an exhibition of their clever- seas in the water, Professor Lomax, in addition to the afternoons programme, smoking under the water, and imitating a screw steamer. A water polo match was then held between St. Helens and Warrington,which re- sulted in a decisive victory for St. Helens by six goals to two. The Warrington team were completely out- played when they defended the seven feet end, although they kept on equal terms with their opponents when they were at the three feet end.

_ The new bath is without doubt a splendid bath. The entrance is by a long lobby, from ;the ceiling of which a number of ferns and other flowers hung which gave the place a pretty appearance. In the bath itself, there are platforms on each side,from which spectators can watch the proceedings without any danger of being drenched by the splash of the divers. Here again flower baskats hang from the ceiling, and atthe three feet end is 'a tube from which a shower bath can be obtained. The line of blue glazed bricks give a tine effect to the baths. There was a large number of persons present at the open- ing, and a still larger number at the night performance.

A Sheriff's jury sitting at Ywrk on Wednesday, awarded £5O damages to Louisa Bardman Robinson, domestic servant, in an action for breach of promise brought against Isaac William Wise, cab-driver, of Beverley. The defendant disappeared on the morning fixed for his wedding, and kept out of the way for a considerable time.

About three years ago the increasing demandimade upon the accommoaation for patients at the War- rington Infirmary, induced the Committee to pro- mote a scheme for enlarging the building. Accord- ingly plans were drawn up and public subscriptions invited and received. The first addition was the new dispensary which overlooks a portion of the park and which has been in use fifteen months ago Next, three additional wards were erected on the first floor, and three others were erected on the top story. Every accommodation has been placed in the rooms which have been built according to the latest avid most approved styles. The fire places in them are situated in the centre of the room, and the fire places in the old wards have been altered to the same position. Altogether these six wards will accommodate an additional 20 inmates, there having hitherto only been accom- modation for 23. Several alterations have been made to the operating room including the laying of tiles on the floor, which is an acceptable improvement to those who have to use the room. A new waiting-room has also been I constructed on the ground floor and an additional room for treating " accidents." The new dispensary will be opened on Thursday next, at three o'clock by Major Pickmere. The Beamont ward will be named by Lady Greenall,the Greenall ward by Mrs. Pickmere, the Pickmere ward by the Mayoress, the Winmarleigh ward by Mrs. Beamont, the Davies ward by Mrs. Litton, and the Litton ward by Mrs. Armitage. We are requested to stste that gifts of plants and cut flowers will be thankfully received by the house surgeons.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0184.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND

fIILETICS.

CRICKET.

Ourfirst eleven were entitled, on Saturday, to wear collectively the wreath of victory. They won the game against Werneth by 114 to 65. But perhaps it is worth mentioning that Smith ran 69 out of the 114 for Warring- ton, indeed it may be suggested that had he not scored, that Warrington would not have been entitled to the above mentioned wreath. And then again it should be mentioned that Warrington played eleven wickets to their opponents eight, and so some people would think it wasn't a streight win ; which it wasn't. Not another placer in the match than Simth scored more than 14-, except Clark who came off with 17. S. M. Crosfield and J. J. Crosfield took over the responsibilities of bowling, and also took over eight wickets.

Werneth second eleven met the Warrington second eleven at Werneth and beat them by 62 runs to 56. There was very little difference between the play of each team, and the victory certainly could not be called a decisive one. Running matches interspersed the game here and there when the players had to run to the pavilion to evade the drenching tears of " old Mau Pluvius."

Those doughty champions of the West End, Sankey Wesleyans and Sankey Wire Mills, met at Mill-lane, on Saturday, in deadly combat, determined to do or die or something after that fashion. By the way, it is rather peculiar that a large part of the Sankey Wire Mills team do not work at the Sankey Wire Mills at all, but let us get to the game. The Wesleyans were decidedly the favourities for the day, as they had by far the better record. The Wire mills went in first, and so well were they looked after that they were all out for 27, Cook being the highest with only six. When the Wesleyans went in, it seemed to be all over bar shouting, when they scored 21 for the loss of one wicket. Unfortunately for the Wesleyans a severe storm came on, which lasted for a long time, and when Jupiter Pluvius thought fit to turn off the tap, the wicket was completely soaked, and spoiled. The batsmen could scarcely stand, and the Weslevans only scored 33 altogether, which was very poor considering their good start. CoA as wicket keeper for the Wire Mills proved to ben regular " stunner," and the way he watched his wicket is well shown as Mr. Extras scored nothing. Clare on the opposite side was also ml good form. Watkins was scarcely so successful as liana in his bowling, but he received a loud cheer when in his innings by a single, he placed the match beyond all danger. Jefferson for the Wesleyans, made his presence known by a score of 17. The Wesleyans will soon get used to the " hat " trick, as Simpson did it again on Saturday. The result on Saturday was very gratifying to the Wesleyans, as they had not yet tasted defeat this season ; on the other hand the Wire Mills had only tasted the sweets of victory once.

The juniors of Sankey Bridges were again on the war- path on Saturday, and like their seniors have yet to be defeated. Their latest victims were Buckley-st. juniors, whom they whalloped by 13. Well done Junicrs ! keep at it. and you will make your name a terror to all other juniors in and around Warrington.

The Sankey Wesleyans 2nd cut a very poor figure against the Wire Mills 2nd. W. Woodcock for the latter scored 29, the innings realising 72. The Weslevans on going in,only made 8 for six wickets; and time saved them from a disastrous defeat. A feature of this match was the number who were clean bowled, for out of the 16 wickets taken, no fewer than 14 were clean bowled. This is surely a record in this line.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0185.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLING.

The temperance section of the employees of the Tanners-lane, Tanning Co., Limited, are arranging a cycle club for this season. Mr. E. M. Crosfield. the managing director, who has set a good example to other persons in similar position 3, by enabling his men to get their machines at first cost, has kindly consented to be president. Mr. S. M. Crosfield, the sub-captain of the Lancashire County Cricket team, is a vice president, as also are Messrs. Percy Mortimer, E. A. Atkin, and John Roberts. A committee of management bas been formed and the club has already bad two runs. On Monday, they proceeded as far as Knutsford, and to-day weather, etc., permitting, they will have a run to itainhill. It is intended to have a trip each Saturday, and as the club are very desirous of raising a fund to meet emergencies, donations from friends disposed to assist them, will be thankfully received by thesecretary.

The Warrington Cycling Club had a "good time " at Mickle Trafford, on Saturday, and on Monday about 20 of the members went via Holmes Chapel and Middle- wich to Dalamere Forest, where they spent an enjoyable afternoon. On their return jotirney they came through Frodsham, where they made a short halt. The club made good use of their time during the Whitsuntide holidays as on Tuesday 18 members rode to Bucklow Hill. The weather and roads were in good order and the runs were much enjoyed.

Whit-Monday was the occasion of the Anfield C.C. 100 miles invitation handicap. The starting point was hard by Whizchurch, and the run •was through Shawbery, Hodnet, Wem, and back ;xi Whitchurch. "Crack " cyclists from all parts .f the country are brought toge- ther in this race, which has boea taken part in by such knights of the wheel as Holbein, Shorland, Edge, and Bidlake. The ccmpany this year was again quite first- class.

It is highly creditable to Mr. J. Waddington, of the Warrington Cycling Club,that he should come in second in the race, being only two minutes behind the winning rider. Waddington's performance was a splendid one, when it is considered that he is practically a Rovice at racing, and as a working-man has only limited opportu- nities for training. His machine was a last year's road- ster, weighing 331bø., most of the other competitors be- ing mounted upon "thoroughbred racers," varying from 201bS. to 301tH.In weight. That the pace in the race was "killing," may be gathered from the fact that only five men out of the 24 starters completed the journey. Wad- dington, and Conway, of the Anfield Club, who was the winner, were both scratch men. Mr. Waddington, it may be mentioned, was paced in a generous, sportsman- like manner,by a number of Manchester cyclists,and also by two members of his own club, T. Pierpoint and F. Silvertou, the latter coming in to the winning post with him.

By the way, I should like to know what are the War- rington cyclists about. Here we have a Volunteer Corps requir!ng a detachment of cyclists, and only Mr. P. Fair could be procured to go to the camp at Conway during the week. lam sorry to hear this, because we have such a fine lot of yousg fellows in he Warrington Cycling Clubs, and some of them ought to go and join the suggested detachment, even if only for their own .)enefit.

SWIMMING.

lam glad to see that Mr. A. Barlow has been ap- pointed bath manager to the new baths, which were opened on Wednesday afternoon. Two Polo matches were played,one between Mr. Barlow's team and " Fair " Turner's team, which was won by the former, and one between Warrington team and the St. Helens team, won by St. Helens.

It was a good idea to introduce the Polo, and what I sinscerly hope is that it will be kept up, that it will be- come one of the attractions of the baths, and that it will be played by a team who will go in for the thing heart and soul. But lexpect Barlow will not lot grass crow under his feet, for with his extensive knowledge of aquatic matters he should be able to stir things up con- siderably.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0186.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

Mr. J. E. Warren, hon. secretary of the Warrington F.C., has received the following communication from the Mossley secretary, which will interest local football enthusiasts : "At a committee meeting of the Mossley F.C., a resolution was unanimously adopted thanking your club for the generous gift of £7 10A., in lieu of a match at Mossley, in April last. I desire personally to also thank you for the courteous and generous manner in which you have met us, and trust that the good feel- ing which exists between our two clubs may long con- tinue and that next season may prove a good season for our respective clubs."

The annual congress .f Co-operative Societies of Great Britain and Ireland opened on Saturday at Bristol, when upwards of 700 delegates from all parts of the kingdom were present. Mr. Tom Mann was the chief speaker at a public meeting held on Saturday evening. Daniel Davies, secretary to the Unity Lodge of Odd- fellows, Swansea, was on Thursday sentenced to six weeks' imprisonment for embezzling a small sum of money.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0187.txt | included=true | included =====
F RODS HAM.

TEM FRIENDLY SOCIETY PROCESSIONS. —The village of Frodsham was, as usual, crowded with visitors from the neighbouring towns on Monday, where they had pro- ceeded with the object of getting a breath of fresh air and a day's general "outing." The customary hobby horses, swings, aunt sallies, &c., were en evidence in the village, whilst dancing was carried on with zest on Overton Hill. In the morning a procession of the Foresters, Oddfellows, and Druids' Societies took place. The main streets were paraded, each society carrying its banner and headed by a band, the Foresters being led by the Verdin Brass Baud, the Druids by Frodsham Volunteer and the Parish Church Bible Class Bands, whilst the Frodstiam Military Band preceded the Odd- fellows. The company marched to the Parish Church, where a service was held by the Rev. H. B. Blogg (vicar), assisted by Rev. F. T. Dickinson (curate). An appropriate sermon was delivered by the Vicar. The various societies subsequently proceeded to the Vicar- age grounds where selections of music were rendered by the bands, alter which a move was made to their res- pective headquarters, where dinner was provided. CHANGE OF STATIONSIASTER.—Mr. Thomas Potts, who for 33 years has acted as stationmaster at Frodsham, has been superannuated, and his successor is Mr. Lam- bert, of Ellesmere Port. Mr. Potts who is verging upon 70 years of age, has spent 39 years in the service of the railway company, and of these as already stated the third of a century has been passed at Frodsham. He came there soon after the provision of a station. Dur- ing his lengthy term of office, he fulfilled his duties in a conscientious manner, and possessing genial character- istics, he was held in high esteem by all those who were brought in contact with him. Large numbers join in the wish that he may have in store many pleasant and happy years.

NEW POOR RATE-On Wednesday, at Frodsbam Police Court, Messrs. J. Handley and T. Rigby, affixed their signatures to a new poor rate of Is. in the 2, estimated to realise £392 16s. 9d.

A SALE OF WORE.—On Wednesday afternoon a sale of work in connection with the Trinity Wesleyan Sun- day School, was opened by Miss Dutton, of Moore. During the evening entertainments were given in an adjoining room, which were thoroughly enjoyed. The proceeds of the sale realised £3l 9s. 6d., and this is to go towards giving the scholars of the Trinity Sunday School a special treat in commemoration of the school's centenary. Although it is quite certain that the school was instituted in the year 1793, the exact time of the year has not as yet been ascertained.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0188.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

DRUNKENNESS.

____.__ ..... At the Town Hall, Newton,on Saturday morning, before Colonel Wood, Peter Griffiths, collier, of Earlestown, was charged with being drunk on Fri- day night, and was fined ss. and costs. VIADUCT INSTITUTE SCIEN:IE AND AT CLASSES. The following ate the results of examination in shorthand held in connection with the above classes under the Lancashire. and Cheshire Union of Institutes :—Thumas Swift. 2nd class, 80 marks; R. A. Robinson, 2nd class, 70 marks; Margaret Roberts, 2nd class, 66 marks; J. W. Walton, 3rd class, 50 marks ; Elizabeth A. Roberts, 3rd class, 50 marks; John Crosby, Minnie Roberts, and John Swift, ele- mentary.

SONS OF TEMPERANCE. The usual meeting of the Samuel Morley cadet section of the Sons of Temperance was held in the Co-operative Hall. on Wednesday evening. After the formal opening three members were initiated, and arrangements were made for the annual pic- nic to Micklehead Green, on Tune 3rd, and for the parents to accompany the children. A report was given of the National Division Competition, in which the name of Theo. Clare appeared aq hav- ing taken second prize for six best reasons why young people should not smoke.

SMALLPDX AT EARLESTOWN. A case of smallpox has been reported from Earlestown to the Medical Officer of Health, the victim being Mrs. Dickenson, wife of the manager of the Wellington Elotel, Earlestown. The unfortunate lady has only recently been confined, and the systoms of smallpox were developed last week end. On the case being reported, it was de- cided to remove the patient to Astley Hall at once, which was done on Monday night. On Tuesday the hotel was closed, and thoroughly fumigated, with a view to prevent the spread of the disease.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0189.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLAR,.

The weekly session of the Hope of Earlestown lodge of Good Templars was held at the Co-opera- tive Hall on Tuesday night. Bro. E. Newman pre- sided and there was a fair attendance of members. One candidate was initiated to membership. An invitation to join the hope of Hindley Lodge in celebrating their 25th anniversary was received,but the consideration of it was deferred. Several other matters were brought 11D and considered. The prcgraintue of the evening was an entertainment by the new officers, the C.T. being responsible, and an interesting selection of songs and recitations was given. WHIT-MONDAT AT EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. Monday was observed as a general holiday in Earlestown. The weather was beautifully fine and warm, notwithstanding the fact that threatening clouds overhung the district in the early morning. These, however, cleared away,and the sun shone out brilliantly the whole of the day. All the works were closed, add there was in consequence a large exodus of people for various destinations, a large contingent going to Southport. The annual pro- ,1 cession of Sunday school scholars took place and was witnessed by a large number of spectators, particulars will he found.in another column. At Newton everything was very quiet, the works of Messrs. McCorquodale and CO. running as usual. EARLESTOWN WESLEYAN BAND OF HOPE.

The first of a series of monthly open air meetings in connection with the above society, was held at Newton Common on Thursday evening. Mr. W. Pearson presided. and there was a large number of persons present. Addresses were delivered by the Chairman, Messrs. 0. Pickett and G. Bunting. A petition to the House of Commons in support of the Local Veto Bill, was adopted on the motion of Mr. T. Wheatley seconded by Mr. D. Robinson. Recita- tions were given by Mr. T. Picket. and several temperance hymns were sung. At the close of the meeting nine pledges were taken up, and altogether the meeting was considered to be a most successful one.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0190.txt | included=true | included =====
MEETING OF RECHABITES.

The monthly meeting of the Mizpah tent, of the 1.0. R. was held at the Co-operative Hall, on Thurs- day evening, Bro. E. J. George presiding over a large attendance. The meeting was opened in due form, and after the initiation of candidates and the proposal of others it was resolve'd to form a special fund for the assistance of members in distress, and for other purposes. The contributions to this fund to be a halfpenny per member per month, such fund to be added to by special efforts. The meeting was very enthusiastic in the adoption of this rule, it being pointed out how advisable it was that mem- bers in distress should be assisted in the payment of their contributions to keep them in benefit. Fur- ther steps were taken in the formation of the juvenile branch, of the order, which will shortly be - incorporated by a special meeting. It was stated that the Hon. T. W. Legli, M.P., had written to the effect that he had duly presented the petition of the tent in favour of the Local Control Bill.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0191.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
LATEST NE WS.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0192.txt | included=true | included =====
AN IRISH CENTENARIAN.

dchn Brannan, died at Downpatrick, on Thursday at the age of a hundred, leaving twenty-one grandchildren and thirty-three great grandchildren, all of whom live in Joba-st , Downpatrick.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0193.txt | included=true | included =====
SCARLET FEVER IN THE CHESHIRE

REGIMENT.

The Cheshire Regiment, stationed at Sheffield have been ordered to eo under canvass in consequence of the prevalence of scarlet fever in the barracks. There are nearly fifty cases of this disease, and it continues to spread. It has been found necessary to remove the or- dinary patients from the barracks hospital to a large marquee on the parade ground to make room for scar- let fever patients. A convenient camping ground has been selected near the barracks.

THE INSUBORDINATION AT ALDER- SHOT.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0194.txt | included=true | included =====
SENTENCES ON SOLDIERS.

Four more privates of the 20th Hussars concerned in the recent riotihg at Aldershot have received sentence. Privates Cockburn and Harwell were awarded twelve months' hard labour, Private Hartnett eleven months' imprisonment, and Private Saxby ten months' imprison- ment, and all are dismissed the service with ignominy. The restrictions against the cavalry brigade at Aldershot have now been withdrawn, and they have returned to barracks, and the order prohibiting men from taking part in the military tournament has been cancelled.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0195.txt | included=true | included =====
SEQUEL TO A SALVATION ARMY

MEETING. MYSTERIOUS DEATH AT WIGAN.

The Wigan police received intimation of a singular death yesterday morning. Mary Stevenson, of Long- lane, Ashton, after watching a Salvation Army meeting, returned home and entered into a heated argument on the merits of the army with her husband. She became excited and scratched his face. It is alleged that he jumped up and put her on the sofa. A short time after- wards she was seen in her nightdress by a man passing. She invited him in, and said," That was the man that did it," referring to her husband. She was found to be suffering from paralysis. Dr. Lotham attended to the woman till her death, and has expressed the opinion that death is due to hemorrhage of the brain, resulting from injury. The police are instituting inquiries.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0196.txt | included=true | included =====
THE INTERNATIONAL MINERS' CONFERENCE. AN IMPORTANT PROPOSAL.

BRUSSELS, FEILIAL—The Miners' Conference assembled this morning at ten o'clock. A long discussion arose as to a scheme put forward by M. Emile Lewy, a Belgian mineowner, for increasing the wages of miners. Event- ually, at the instance of the English delegates, who said the scheme seemed complicated, and rkquired close con- sideration, it was resolved to appoint an international committee to examine the proposals of M. Lewy, and to report to the next congress. The general principal of this scheme is the establishment of a universal interna- tional syndicate of mineowners, who, it is suggested, should advance the price of coal, and give the miners one-fourth of the profits. This would be tantamount to doubling their present wages. There are other provisions for securing a limitation of the output and the working off of stocks. Herr Schroeder, a German delegate, strongly urged that the next congress should be held in Germany, and expressed the belief that the Emperor would permit it to be held without interference. It was agreed that the International Committee should adopt this suggestion if possible.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0197.txt | included=true | included =====
TRAGIC AFFAIR AT NORTIIAAIPTON

A DOCTOR AND HIS SWEETHEART POISON THEMSELVES.

A Northampton correspondent telegraphs that Dr. Andrew Aikman was found dead at his house yesterday morning. Deceased was to have been married a fort- night ago, but on the eve of the wedding friends inter- fered and induced him to leave Northampton, and the lady who was to be his wife was so much upset that she took poison, and is still lying ill. Dr. Aikman, returned heme on Thursday night, and it is believed that in his trouble he, too, poisoned himself. A Northampton correspondent, telegraphing later, states that Dr. Wickman had up to Thursday been stay- ing with his parents in Edinburgh. On reaching Nort- hampton he drove at once to the house of Barratt,-the lady to whom he was to have been married, and was conducted by Miss Barratt's parents to her bedroom, where he fondly embraced and kissed her, and asked her mother to take great care of her. No words of approach were used by Miss Barrett, and after leaving her he drove to his own house, where he was joined by his brother Charles, and the Rev. T.Crossby Roberts, Baptist minister. The three had supper together, and deceased, who appeared fairly cheerful, afterwards partook of some whisky and then proceeded upstairs. On coining downstairs again he drank something from a glass, and appeared AS though he was about to burst out crying. He then threw out his arms and his fingers began twitching, and this so alarmed Er. Roberts and deceased's brother that they sent for medical assistance. Dr. Copley arrived in the course of a few minutes, but his efforts were of no avail as deceased sank and died very soon after Or. Copley reached the house. A bottle partially filled with poison was afterwards found in his bedroom.

Miss Barrett is the daughter of a shoe operative, and Dr. Aikman's friends are said to have objected to his marrying into such a humble family.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0198.txt | included=true | included =====
SOME USEFUL ELECTORAL STATISTICS.

Mr. J. W. Logan, M.P., speaking at Blaby, in the Ilarborough division, on Tuesday, said whilst Tories charged Mr. Gladstone with plotting the " dismember- ment of the Empire" they disinembared the Empire for the sake of an argument. They said that England, as separated from the rest of the United Kingdom, was opposed to Home Rule, but whilst the result of the general election gave some colour to the statement, it was qualified by the fact that out of 78 seats gamed by the Liberals in 1892 no less than 72 were in England alome. Lord Randolph Churchill had said :—" We must never forget that the Unionist party represents the majority of the British people," but the noble Lord was again speaking without notes, for as a matter of fact the Liberals polled 16,000 more British votes in 1892 than the Tories and Unionists combined. Replying to Lord , Salisbury's assertion that" if only 800 voters in England and Scotland bad voted differently there would have been no Homo Rule majority in the House of Commons," Mr. Logan said if 471 voters in England and Scotland had voted differently Mr. Gladstone would have had a majority of 78, and if 187 voters in England and Scot- land had voted differently Mr. Gladstone's niajority would have been 88. So far as contested elections were concerned, Mr. Gladstone had 658,554 more British votes behind his majority of 40 than Lord Salisbury had behind his majority of 116 in 1888. Taking the con- tested elections of the United Kingdom, Lord Salisbury's majority of 116 in 1886 was given him by a majority of 77,000 electors, and that was " the voice of the nation," whilst Mr. Gladstone's majority of 40 in 1892 was given him by a majority of 245,000 electors, but that was not the voice of the nation.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0199.txt | included=true | included =====
NESTING IN A LETTER-BOX.

REMARKABLE CASE IN CHESHIRE.

Some weeks ago one of the servants at the farmstead of Mr. Hewitt, Ilelmestone Hall,Oulten Lowe,Tarporley, made a strange discovery upon opening the letter-box at the gate, some distance from the hall. Ihe letter-box, intended for the reception of newspapers, letters, and small parcels, is of considerable size, about half-a-yard deep, over a foot wide, and six inches across. The slot is open and without a flap either inside or outside. To the astonishment of the servant a couple of:tom-tits were busily preparing a nest at the bottom of the box. Upon the discovery being reported to Mr. Hewitt, he ordered that nobody was to interfere with the tiny couple,but at the same time that the box must be open for use in the ordinarY way. The business of building now went on rapidly, and the box began to fill with moss, hair, Sce., day by day till there was a depth of four or five inches of the soft bedding. The next step was the forming of a nice round nest, just in the centre, and upon which one would suppose that all the letters and newspapers would drop down. However, the laying of eggs and the hatch- ing went on undisturbed, and when the box was ex- amined at the beginning of this week it was found that the hen had no fewer than fourteen young ones under her wings, " all alive and doing well," as the saying is.

===== 0002601_18930527_art0200.txt | included=true | included =====
JABEZ BALFOUR IN BUENOS AYRES

According to the London " Evening News" and " Post" the Buenos Ayres correspondent of a paper de- voted to South American interests thus refers to Jabez Balfour, whose extradition is being sought for by the British Goveinment :—" Liberator Balfour is with us, and his appearance is well-known in English circles. As the Argentine Government has refused to give him up he 1 takes life easy, and strolls about town ogling the girls. i His alias is ' Mr. Butler,' and a friend of mine who lodged in the same house with him when he first arrived (now he has taken a grand chalet at Flores), says' He is a very nice old gentleman, though such a horrid cad in appearance.*

===== 0002601_18930527_art0201.txt | included=true | included =====
A FALSE ALARM.

The report that a syndicate composed of r. and native merchants was about to establish works for the manufacture of iron and steel in ror'uli with the view of monol_olising the home market ferritil sale of these products to the disadvantage ef 13, exporters, apparently I ai as much foundation the rumour that Lusitanian finances were really Ifid, very flourishing condition. The Foreign Office, %lilt the energetic supervision of Lord Rosebery, the recovery of his gold snuff-box, seetns to acquired a new lease of activity, has not been Igriritig addressing a reply to the anxious queries of the ."hini Iron Trade Association touching the matter. IC°tf. it it is authoritatively stated, is known in Liabr ?pet reported iron and steel convention in Portugal. was, forsooth, some talk two years ago of such 3 17r meat, but it met the fate awaiting much other t 5, died a natural death. So that iron and steelma*"„ fs ,1..3 this county may once more breathe freely, at least s as the Portuguese are coneerned.—lron.

French°

THE HOMIC IRON TRADE. 'llO The Whitsuntide holidays have caused 8-; fel sion of business in most branches, and initol cases are there any changes in quotations. r'tlittl continues to move slowly, and in finished ironstel is doing. Tinplates show but slight chanknunilder works are only moderately engaged. SNP, --otos and engineers report a slight improvement 'll` pects. The coal trade is quiet.—/rots. otoDt EBENEZER TIMM INS & SONS, ENGINEERS AND IRONFOUNDESS' MAKERS OP CHEMICAL AND SOAP BRIDGE WATER FOUNDRY, 'CO

MARTINDALE'S . WELL-KNOWN

BLACKING. (LIQUID AND PASTE). ALSO "SANDRINGHAM" WATER

JET LUSTRE AND

KID CRS°

FOR LADIES BOOTS.

HARNESS COMPOSITION. (THE CELEBRATED HORSE SHOE BRA°

FURNITURE POLISH S:c., ALL OF THE BEST QUALITY.

17. HANOVER-ST., LIVERPOOL.

ESTABLISHED 18M.

CONTRACTORS FOR GAS WORKS, WATSII

ARTESIAN WELLS, BRINE WELLS. ili..' BORINGS FOE MINERALS. BORING PLANT AND PI/111r5.

BRAND & CO.'S BEEF

BOUILLON. iAT A MOST NUTRITIOUS AND INVIO— nic BEVERAGE. Wet Made by the Simple Addition of Boiling At a Cost within the reach of ali• iri 11. LITTLE STANHOPE-ST..MAYFAU4' -----". T

EET H .

TEETH.

1 , TEETH. PARKINSONS'S TEETH UNEXCELLED IN THE W°E-tal).ter' TEETH, may rest assured that these based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, TEETHo . best guarantee of this t intend.' th that J. H. PARKINSONIias 00,1 Ot Dental Practices in England,„,.',,.- e TEETH. employing the BEST LABOuThj BEST MATERIALS obtainable 6- TEETH. the LOWEST POSSIBLE Pilfer. by I Any set made, or any work d'Lqp,Cl TEETH. not giving ABSOLUTE SkT,' oefi' Every Detail will tie immediately y$ TEETH. an ENTIRE NEW SET made CHARGE. abli°6,, These conditions Insure the TEETH. tion and recommendation' exee'trie.a" sets having been inserted for tctli TEETH. one year only, directly and ind,"-olie the voluntary persuasion and f—ArlY TEETH. of ONE SINGLE PATIBICTmeses; these patients' names and au.,,,0.1-, TEETH. rence, will be given to anY personally applying for tk. er"...,,Der, thousands In the past each rex).- r) TEETH. friends, speak voluines for Mr' success. 1 Ostsl TEETH. His unusually Large Dents-,„„tiet adapted for the-COMFORT of TEETH. NOT DETER ANY. ALL srA°l4, irc FREE CONSULTATIONS D' ' TEETH. and 2to 6. ABSOLUTELY PAINLES^' f ho &c., as hitherto, by the aid 0, wt TEETH. LIQUID NITROUS OXIDB, e' el; liquefies for sale to dentists os:et TEETH. lons weekly. Patients. have. e%t. speciality also the benefit of hisro TEETH. CLOSED ALL DAY 0"4 TEETH. Dejniislit. tc—Allialuill°l4l.l.lsosTrtl' Of, MOSLEY-STREET, t"giss ' 0 t' WARRINGTON ON WEDNESDAYS. at 6 P•l'',A : 2 (iv Ladles' Outfitter, Sankey-t., froal A4es, 4 RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs' Parson's), Confectioner, Bridge-sto fr°'„'3, NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS. at Miss from Fr' 11 to 5. erti - -...•!...../*

,

fto, MA ,Ordinary notices of Births, Marriage°. sorted free of charge. 2darriages or Det'sotm,rei." "No Cards," or any addition to th.e notice, are charged One Shilling and s,lPe—asii announcements on credit, Two Shillings, , teci such announcements must be autheritit4

and address of sender.

BIRTILof 9' WALTON.—May 20th, at 11 White-street. Wlfe of a son.

DUTTON—DUTTON.—May 20th, at the APS uiVV'utt°° tl' r_lngton, by the Rev. C. E. Jaeksola,t.oll, ' :NFI.GCH.TT2 mll lEsn sx. the Rev. F. W. MARRIAGES. ,1100/1;0 GLIOUVEt°R—n.SVVASTON. - May 20th. at the ..1-1,04 iltio'l _Rev• C. R. Ja dcson, Alfred Glover, /.11,,,,x 13 0 t: ~,• 12 iCs! tft WI: I, NY =LAMS—HANDLEY' M - 21st. t tile • - 9 A N. Handley. —iS L A C —May 22Wn,i11,1i:t. the ernarrYal a h:::11; 'lll° tCrl; parts' obe"-- the Rev. F. C. Timing, Rlijah Knight to eh j! Hesketh. p letl,, OA BuRKITT—HADDOCIC —May 22nd, itt t 4) the Rev. F. C. Timbal, William Burl, ERTogb—ermt aLyan2e2tond,Coatrettbinee 6el'aqii 0°,43! ag

KNII

KEAN.—DI9. GORSE. SA.N.SON.—may DEATHS. stoner' years. R NTON.— Bffiri birMNER.—May 21st, at West-street THO , Jane ,rll May 22nd, at Winwtek-road, aged 19_ years. 1 ,Lei asolac 23 d, Wellito —May 25th, at Orford-lane, lAvini nso Y r ngn-street. - 64 years. .0 Oor° months. seAtth --••••*/.4 25th, at Fever liovital

21 years,

MEMORIAL CiqnS,A-- T lotlids' f CIRCULARS, BILLHBADS, 3IBISORAig- one,. Handbills, Window Bills, Posters, sod prilloo executed with neatness and despatch the Borough Press 34, Bridge-street, ""°.-

lANcii ES TEltv I Or- CLOTH I S 0 ~x 0 Tol:/1.04 -13 T-ST., WAni" f All • 01 017,S r ItANcil!S 010,01.0, AIOUitS[S(r IN As ,1,1,Ag it's& sg. Jli OR TO I'll",-tyS 51P dD'' YOUTIO an .. ,T,. ~norour.

WArrington.—Printed and 1' „st The Examiner General and Published also at The WIDN; Iligh-street, HeLens : landj. 33, Mario 27, 1893.

THE N. TAILORING & 8 ,k 10, HORSE ARE SHOWING the LAW. MAKES of CLOTHS for • WORSTEDS, SERGE, VI EN: SUITS READY MAW' at short notice for MEN. Well made a”

- 0'

Ig

===== 0002601_18930527_art0202.txt | included=true | included =====
tro'd ro" Vict,treiAf rre-

,nblistied 'L p •nting "nitices. itYe)q:t: uNcoRN ; 311:0i.143.19 ;et-street.

.$

' J.

===== 0002601_18930527_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES ATHLETIC CLUB SPORTS (Under A.A.A. Laws. and N.C.A.A. Rules.) tn„ SPORTS FIELD. FARNWORTH, WIDNES. s"-;AL EVENTS ON FRIDAY. JUNE 9th. at 8.30 p.m. and °PEN EVENTS ON SATURDAY. JUNE 10th, 1893, 100 Commencing at 2.30. Yards and One Mile Scratch Races. Flat and Bicycle Race Handicaps. Steeplechase and Tug of War. Handicapper Starter ENTRIES CLOSE JUNE 3rd. Prospectus and Form of Entry on application to JAS. WALTER DAVIES, Secretary. Ditton, Widnes.

ST. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, WIN- WICK-STREET, WARRINGTON. ANNIVERSARY SERVICES. 1 _PreaclaTtOiMevo. WILSON (W SUNDAY), MAY 28TH. er COWIE, of Bowdon. 110 rai ng 10.30; Even ng 6.30. Special Collections. 130LD-STREET WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL, WARRINGTON. ANNIVERSARY SERVICES (TO-MORROW) Patta,cumt 813 ND AY, MAY 28TH, 1893. :—Rev. J. WIWLAND GLEAVE, of Egremont. Services-10.30 a.m. and 6 30 tt.m• In the Afternoon, at 2.30, Miss BESSIE DUTTON (of Moore) Will eve art ADDRESS to Scholars, Teachers, Parents and Friends. Mr. LEVI RICHARDSON will sine "WHEN I StAINTRY THE WONDROUS CROSS." On MONDAY EVENING, The Rev. J. ROWLAND GLEAVE will give his Popular LECTURE in the Chapel— j„,. 'AN EVENING WITH COWPER," TZer,Persed with Selections from the Poet's best hymns. ' Members of the Choir have kindly promised to assist. ... ne chair will be taken at 8 o'clock. Collections at all the ____"rvices in aid of the School Funds.

17; WAIIRINOTON INFIRMARY EXTENSION. TIIP. OPENING CEREMONY. —„OPENING CEREMONY will take place on vol„, ,n-'ll-TRSDAY, the let JUNE next, at three o'clock, , !TT:Ile . Ellft ladies Dispensary will be opened by MAJOR \ "z • following Rates have consented to name the wards. v I..ADy tit GREENALL will name the BEMMOTIt Ward. MRS. PICKMERE the arsenal( Ward. rr', ''''ol MAYORESS (Mrs. Edwar.i. GreenalD, the Pickmere Ward. MRS. BRAMONT, the Winmarleigh Ward. 325. LITTON, the Davies Ward, and Subs MRS ARMITAGE, tha Litton Ward. erth 7bree 0, -ers. and their ladies are invited to be present at „.,,e clock, at the New Dispensary. -;°_. poi, jute will be admitted to view the alterations and _ s'uzio a from 4 to 5 o'clock.

soßouctit cyk. 14, ' 'VIVI WARRINGTON. sr. , A PUBLIC B ---"' A T n "', LEG ET-STREET, SCALE OF CIIARGES, s. d. lat Clasa Plu e Bat Ladies' Plunge Be 2nd class plufk nll ..................................................... g 26 thath ..................... o 6 let Class Private a8ath................................2.............. 1 0 Seaton Tick 2" elms Private Bath ..... ... ........ .. .......................... 0 6 itch. Two eta (expiring December 1893), 106..0 _ .. 77: r4daoearecrit:ernbere of the, same family Zunder 18 years of ag ,), Town Hall, _ J. LYON WHITTLE, Warrington. Town Clerk.

TRH PALACE THEATRE, (LATH " ISMPIRB" THEATRE), SANItr P„ STREET, WARRINGTON. Prietors :—LCCAS AND CO.. also of the Palace Theatre, St. Helens. MONDAY, MAY 29TH, FOR SIX NIGHTS ONLY, SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT At a salary of £6O per week of SIGNOR PADREWSKI and his marvellously trained BOXING BEAR! The Greatest NOVELTY travelling t In addition to the above, the following Artistes will appear nightly J. H. WAKEFIELD, The Warrington Favourite. The man with the India- , rubber face. M E P II I S T 0, The Human Snake. G RETTIS, ripHE Mirth, Music and Mimicry combined. MISS ADA. RUSSELL, The Charming Vocalist. W. H. lIICHARDS, The Renowned Comedian. MISS TESSIE VANDEAN, Song and Dance Artiste. i.,Doors open at 6-30 Mondays and Saturdays. Other even- -7 o'clock, POPULAR PRICES : 4d., 6d., and is.

THOMAS CLARKE, EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, MARKET-ST., EARLESTOWN. ,A Rood selertion of PLAIN and FANCY STATIONERY "I:ways 10 stock, London and Provincial Newspapers, Weekly "'officals, Daily and Weekly Papers delivered in the 'lelithbourhoo,t of Earlestown,Wargrave. and the Vulcan. 'Agent for the old Established Dyers, Davies and Son, Liverpool.

pUPTURES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. Ito T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical A.pplianoe Works.? a 9. Grosvenor-street, Lon- don-road. Manchester.

RUPTURES. Avoid the hurtful Steel Trusses. Try the CURATIVE EASY-FITTING TRIANGULAR TRUSS WITHOUT STEEL, Unperceivable, durable. Post free 10s. STRONGS' TURKISH BATHS, MARKET-ST., ST. HELENS. Ladles and Gentlemen's Private Hot Air, Vapour and Sulphur Baths for Rheumatism, Influenza, &a. Boarders Accommodated.

AIONEY LENT ON, or PURCHASED to any Amount. Plate, Watches, Jewellery, Diamonds. Par- cels by post attended to by return. The Finest and Cheapest Stock of Forfeited Watches and Jewellery in Lancashire.— HILL, Pawnbroker. St. James' Theatre, Manchester. BUXTON LIME FIRMS COMPANY LIMITED. —As Agents for above, we have always a stock of Lime at our wharf. Central Station, Warrington; prices quoted, delivered by rail, cart, or boat.—Apply CILLER and RIDGWAY, Central Station, Warrington, and Sankey Bridges.

HARDAWAY AND TOPPING (late BOTJLOGNE-SUR-MER), FLUSHING, HOLLAND. Postage 20. Daily Price List forwarded free on receipt of address. The Oldest Established Firm of Turf Commissios Agents in the World. No representatives.

JAM ES WE BSTER, MIDDELBURGH, HOLLAND. (Late of Calais and Boulogne-Sur-Mer, France.) THE DERBY. OAKS, ASCOT STAKES, ROYAL HUNT CUP, NORTHUMBERLAND PLAI E. CESAREWITCH AND CAMBRIDGESHIRE. "The Turf Chronicle" free on receipt of address. DOUBLE AND TREBLE EVENTS. STARTING PRICES. ACCUMULATIVE COMMISSIONS. NO STARTING PRICE LIMIT ON THE PRINCIPAL RACES.

PARK ROAD, NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS. -- MR. P. FAIRCLOUGII, Organist and Choir- master St. Peter's Church; Member of Trinity College, London, Solicits Pupils for Pianoforte, Organ Singing, Theory, Au. Terms moderate. Pupils prepared for the Trinity College and other Examinations. Pianos carefully Tuned. Terms Moderate.

THE WARRINGTON WORKINGMEN'S PERMANENT BENEFIT BUILDING SOCIETY. Incorporated under the Buildings Societies Act, 1874. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING of memb,rs will be held in GOLBORNE-STREET SCHOOLROOM, on MONDAY EVENING NEXT, the 29th day of MIY at 8.30 o'clock, for the purpose of declaring a dividend, electing officers, and conducting the oldinary business of the Society. PETER DALTON, Secretary.

THOMAS FRAIN, RENT and DEBT COLLECTOR, House, Estate, and General Commission Agent. 39, GLADSTONE STREET. WARRINGTON. RENTS AND ACCOUNTS regularly collected in town or country.—DEßTS PURCHASED. References and Terms on application. Communications promptly attended to.

OCOUREE, METAL POLISH. SAVES LABOUR And gives a most brilliant and lasting polish, In Is., 4d., 2d., and Id. Tins. Of all Grocers and Chandlers. Wholesale from DUGUID BELL. and Co 28. CHAPEL-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. THOMA.S COWDELL. HOUSE AND ESTATE AGENT, 38, Knntsford-road, Warrington, Has removed to NO. I, MILL-ST., MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON.

THE LATE LOWDEN WELLS. NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC. WE, LOWDEN BELLS, JUN., and THOMAS WELLS, of 2, Peers Court, Foundry-street, Warrington, having succeeded to our late Father's bush) e Bs, (through his death) of UNDERTAKING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES, hope to receive nfalr share ,of the public patronage, and by strict attention to all orders received and good worktnanship, to be enabled to keep the name which has clung to the late Mr. WELLS since com- mencing in business of undertaking, Scc., by turning out only the very best or work from the best of tim- ber obtainable, and at moderate prices.

ANY LENGTH OUT. CLARK'S GENUINE SCOTCH TWEEDS. Buy direct and save all Intermediate Profits. HONESTY.—Not a trace of SHODDY or Trickery ix our Goods. Unequal for wear. SUITS, &c., made to measure. SELF-MEASUREMENT FORMS sent with Patterns. FULL TRIMMINGS sold to match any Suite, etc, Box oF PATTERNS (nearly 400), containing all the latest Novelties and Mixtures for GENT.'S STILTS, ETC. LADIES' DRESSES, COSTUMES, ETC., sent POST FREE on application to CLARK BROS., SCOTCH TWEED MANUFACTURERS, GALAS/IMES. (Please mention this paper.)

DAMP WALLS, AssOLuTE CURE GUARANTEED. PRICES AND PARTICtitARS FROSI J. L. DUGUID AND CO., 28. CHAPEL-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Where "Model " damp-proof walls are on view,

--- CI NET kfiIEAP COAL. NET CASH, BANK QUAY COAL DEPOT CASH, 8d per cwt. T H T. ALTON & Co., Bdpercwt. TO COAL MERCHANTS, TO FACTORY LANE COIL YARD, 10d prcwt. I WARRINGTON. 10d pr cwt. NTER PRICES. IMMEDIATE DELIVERY,

SOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office: 168. ISLINGTON-SQUARE, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from lb to £l,OOO OR personal or other security. £l5, Repayable 6s Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2s. 3d. £6O, „ 20s. „ ~ £3 98. Od. £lOO, „ 40s. „ £6 16s. Od. AL.IiiC. GORDON. Manager.

46T11E SIGN OF 4," followed by 3, is the number of HEMBRY'S LINOLEUM WAREHOUSE in CROSS-STREET, where you can buy the best and most perfect designs M Linoleum thoroughly matured and ready for laying from is. 4d. per square yard upwards; Linoleum, Corticine Cork Carpet Rugs, Brussels and Tapestry Carpets and Squares, Mats, Matting, Austrian Bentwood Chairs, Tables, &a. The Largest Stock and Best Selection in the Provinces. lIJMBRY & CO., • 43. CROSS-STREET (Albert-square), MANCHESTER.

DR. Fox's COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS THE GREAT REMEDY. FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, INFLUENZIA, HOARSENESS, LOSS OF VOICE AND ALL AFFECTIONS OF THE CHEST AND LUNGS. Being prepared from Fruits and Herbs only, may be taken with perfect safety by Old and Young. Sold everywhere in tins, Is. 10. each by Chemists and Medicine Vendors. SOLE PROPRIETOR— GEORGE EADE. 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON, A TIN SENT FREE ON RECEIPT OF STAMPS.

DANIEL LEA, PAINTER, DECORATOR, PAPERHANGER, GLAZIER. Ate. 14, HIGH-STREET, RUNCORN. PAPERHANGINGS, PAINTS. VARNISHES, GLASS. Paperhangings edged free of charge.

MESSRS. GUM PS TY AND SO NS, SURGEON DENTISTS. EXTRACT TEETH WITHOUT PAIN. 78—ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL-78 WITH NITROUS OXIDE GAS. A SET OF ARTIFICIAL IBETII, WITH ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS, FROM 3s. PER TOOTH. Mr. Cumpsty's advertisement to extract teeth without pain is strictly correct. Samuel Nash, Secretary Young Men's Christian Aesociation.-10th August. 1869.

TEETII ! TEETH! TEETH! MACDONALD'S FREE DENTORIUM. WHOLESALE ARTIFICIAL TEETH MANUFACTOIII (Registered.) By H.M.R. Letters Patent. (Trade Mark.) The Best and Cheapest House in the Profession. Single Teeth, 2s. ; Sets, 20s. Fit and Quality Guaranteed Patients fitted while they wait. A lady in attendance. The Trade Supplied. All best materials and workm,aship Teeth extracted free from 6 to 8 p.m. Teetls extracted without pain. Free consultations. Telegraphic Address " Dentist," Manchester. 29. PICCADILY (Opposite Infirmary Clock). MANCHESTER

T_T OW TO ENSURE HEALTII."—A medical JAL work giving Prescriptions and Instructions for ths cure of all kinds of Debility ; post-free, two stamps.— Address Dr. BARNES, 48, Lonsdale Square. Barnsbury London. N.

New Edition. Just published, post free. 6 stamps. ATREATISE ON NERVOUS DISEASES and WEAKNESS in MEN, with a description of the most Common-sense and Scientific Treatment ever introduced. London: A. J. LEIGH, 92 and 93, Great Russell-st.

WHITE STAR LINE, ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK. via Queenstown. every Wed. *MAJESTIC Wed.. May 311 *ADRIATIC.. Wed.. June 7 Second Cabin will be carried on the voyage mark- ed thus*. Steerage passage at low rates. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform In model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply JOSEPH SMITH, 61, Legh-it., War- rington, or to Itoccr, hods, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street. London. ILO., and 10, Water-street. Liverpool.

THROUGH THE ENGLISH LAKE DISTRICT TO THE ISLE OF MAN. 1 111 E BEST ROUTE TO DOUGLAS IS VIA BARROW. Shortest Sea Passage. Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted), commencing May 20th. BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 1-45 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 8-30 a.m. Train inc.:lnflection with steamers leaves Warrington (L. and N.W.) at 9.55 a.m. Special Cheap Return Tourist tickets : First-class and 5a100n.... 23s. Od. 1 Trains run Second-class and Saloon 18s. 6d. alongside Third-class and Fore Cabin us. Od. steamers. No cab fares. No porterage chargPs. Passengers may break their journey at Grange, Ulverston (for the Lakes) Fur- ness Abbey, or Barrow. JAMES LITTLE & Co., Barrow.

ISLE OF MAN-ROYAL MAIL AND EXPRESS STEAMERS. FROM LIVERPOOL. FROM DOUGLAS. Every Week-day 11.30 a.m. I Every Week-day 9 a.m. x 19th to 29th May inclusive. Week-days (extra) 2 p.m. i Week-days (extra) 4 p.m. Every Week-day, May 19th to 29th, from Liverpool 11.30 a.m.. returning from Douglas at 4 p.m. Sea passage 3i hours. Fares—Saloon 75., Fore Cabin 4s, 6d. 1 FLEETWOOD TO DOUGLAS. DOUGLAS TO FLEETWOOD. Every Week-day from Friday. Every Week-day from Sat. May 19th to 29th 2.15 p.m.... May 20th to 29th 8.30 a.rn. FARES :—Return (2 months).Saioon 95., Fore Cabin 58.6 d.; Week-end, Friday or Saturday to Monday or Tuesday. Saloon Bs., Fore Cabin ss. Sailing and excursion bills on application to Messrs. ORFORD & SON, n, Water-st.. Liverpool, or the ISLE OF MAN STEAM PACKET CO., Lyn, Douglas. I

LIVERPOOL, LLANDUDNO, muummus, BANGOR, AND MENAI BRIDGE. Daily Sailingo (Sundays excepted). WHITSUNTIDE HOLIDAYS, Whit-Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Monday. (May 22nd. 23rd. 24,h, 25th, 26th, 27th and 29th.) / ST. TUDNO." BONNIE PRINCESS." Leaves Liverpool 10 0 a.m. Leaves Liverpool...lo 45 a.m. Llandudno 12 15 p.m „ Llandudno 145 p.m , Beaumaris ll5 p.m I Beaumarie 245 p.m Arrives Bangor and I Arrives Bangor and Menai Bridge 1 45 p.m. Menai Bridge 3 15 p.m Leaves Menai Bridge Leaves Menai Bridge and Bangor 3 0 p.m. and Bangor 4 0 p.m. , Beaumaris 330 p.m. „ Beaumaris 430 p.m. Llandudno 5 0 p.m. „ Llandudno 530 p.m. Arrives Liverpool 715 p.m. Arrives Liverpool 830 p.m. " ST. TUDNO," 30th May to 30th June, Will leave Liverpool daily at 10.45 a.m. First Saloon Season Tickets £3 108.0 d. Monthly Tickets, from any date 21 :Os. Od. For Fares, Bc.c., apply to T. B.• BARLOW, s, eretary. 23, Water-st., Liverpool.

SCOTLAND. • ORDINARY RETURN T ICKETS Issued during the period from the let May to 31st October. are available for two Calender Mouths. by OWL or BEAR. but are not transferable. If not used within the pre- scribed period they are cancelled. No allowance made for tickets lost, mislaid, or not used. . ...es, STEAM COMMUNICATION BETWEEN ~....r,, LIVERPOOL AND GLASGOW. CALLING AT GREENOCK The Brat-class, full-powered Screw Steamers OWL and BEAK are intended to sail from CLARENCE DOCK (south-west side), Liverpool as under, carrying goods and Passengers at terms stated In Sailing Bills, to be had from the Agents. MAY and JUNE. From From Princes Landing Clarence Dock. Stage prompt. BEAR TUESDAY, 30tk 10 a.m. OWL TRUMMAY Ist 11 am. -30 p.m. BEAR SATURTUY 3rd 12 noon FARES :—Cabin (including Steward's Fee) single, 12s. 6d. ; Return £1 ; Steerage. single, 6s. ; servants in catin pay full fore. Children above two years, and under twelve years of age half these fares. AGENT :---G. and J. Burns. 30, Jammica-5t..7 Glasgow. and 10. Bernard st., Leith ; William Sinclair, Excise,uildings, Greenock; C. hfACIVER A CO. 64, and 65, Tower Buildings. Water-st., Liverpool. Offices of the Bridgewater Navigation Company, Limited,and Old Quay Company, 41, Queen-st , and Water-st.. Manches- ter, or C. Macher, dc Co , Albert-square, Manchester. i

jA S. Al. G REENHALGII, CABINET MAKER, TT OLSTERER, AND DECORATOR., SHOWROOM: 48, SANKEY-STREW. WORKSHOP: KING-STRRET, WARRINGTON.

LLANDUDNO.-GOULDING'S PRIVATE HOTEL and BOARDING HOUSE, Church Walks. Private sitting rooms ;70 bedrooms. Billiard and Smoke Rooms.— GOULIDINOI 'Bus Meets all trains. ELECTRIC LIGHT.

LONDON.—Visitors to BERNARD'S PRIVATE HOT EL. Estab. 31 years. Centtal for business or Pleasure. Over 1,00) testimonials from Ministers and others. Bed, breakfast, 3s. plain; two for ss. 6d. ; • tea 10d.-1 and 2 Granville-square. King's Cross-road.

LLANDUDNO. PARADE HOTEL, Church Walks, close to Pier gates.— Eke Beat accommoda- tion; moderate charges ; FIRST-CLASS ORDINARY DAILY at 1.45 ; luncheons, dinners, teas, 3r,c. Choirs and picnic parties catered for. Daily, weekly, and Week-end Boarding Terms.—C.T.C.

SOUTIIPORT, SUNNYSIDE HYDRO, Promenade extension. Physician, Dr. Bernardo. A summer and winter residence, combining all the comforts of a pleasant home. Sea view, parks, pier, and trams near. New Turkish and other baths, billiards, and tennis. Terms moderate.—J. Boooocx, proprietor.

BUXTON.—WHITSUNTIDE HOLIDAYS. HAD- DON GROVE HYDROPATHIC. Just added, new Recreation room for entertainments and dancing Nor rheumatism and gout thorough treatment given. Billiards, lawn tennis, B.c. Terms, 15s. to 495. per week. Special week-end terms.—G. E. HALL, Proprietor.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40, LUDGATE HILL. HOME COMFORTS. CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. Central for business or pleasure.

LONDON. 10, EUSTON SQUARE, N.W. OXFORD HOUSE. PRIVATE HOTEL, One minute from Ruston, five from St. Prancras and Great Northern Railway Stations. CENTRAL to all PARTS of CITY. Fwery home comfort. Spacious newly-fitted dining and drawing rooms. Sanitary certificate. EXCELLENT tables. TRIMS 30s. WEEKLY, and from 6s. PER DAY. Booking in advance. Highly recommended.

NEW SPRING GOODS. MILLINERY, HATS, BONNETS. JACKETS, CAPES. DRESSES, ac. SEE WINDOWS. JOHN SUTTON, 18. MARKET-ST. WARRINGTON.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANY, LTD. (Late John Nunnerley and Co.. Ltd.). BUILDERS' MERCHANTS. ARPLY STATION. WARRINGTON, VELINHELL PENRHYN, AND CABNARVON SLATES. DEMENT, LIME, DRAIN PIPES, FIRE BRIMS, TILES. and every other kind of Builders' Materials kept in stock at our Arpley Wharf, or sent by road. rail, or vessel to any Town or Port In the 'United Kingdom. SOLE AGENTS for the RUGBY PORTLAND CEMENT CO. Telephone No. 19. Telegraphic Address : Arpley," W'gtou

FOR THIS SEASON! My Stuck will be found replete with Leading Novelties in SUITINGS, COATINGS, TROUSERINGS AND COVER COATINGS, Suitable for business or best wear, ist the Leading West of England, Scotch, Irish, and Welsh Homespun', and Serges. In order to meet the convenience of Gentlemen not able to come to be measured, I shall be pleased to forward Patterns or personally wait upon them. S. COVENTRY, 4. HIGH STREET, RUNCORN.

EXPIRATION OF LEASE. MISS CANTRELL HAS DECIDED TO CLEAR HER CHOICE SELECTIONS OF GLASS AN D CIIINA AT A REDUCTION OF 20 PER CENT. DISCOUNT FOR CASH. MISS CANTRELL, 66. SANKEY-STREET. WARRINGTON.

OPRING AND SUMMER SHOW AT TIER • M• ANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT Is ONE OF THE LARGEST IN VARIETIES EVER MADE IN WARRINGTON, FOR 'SPRING AND SUMMER WEAR. Wonderful ranges of new Colours In real all Wool Scotch and Cheviot Tweed Made to Measure. SUIT 31/6.37/6,47/6,55/—. TRNiseT's 10/-912/-913/6 16/6 • BLACK WORSTED COAT AND VEST, BLACK VICUNA COAT AND VEST. BLACK LLAMAS COAT AND VEST, BLACK HOPSAC COAT AND VEST, 24/—, 31/—, 36/-9 42/—. WELL MADE AND TRIMMED. FIT GUARANTEED. 8 AND 10, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

T".—CEYLON TEAS IN PERFECTION, direct From Estates. Indian teas full of strength and flavour. Blended Leas of supreme quality. Keen buyers and judges of value should not fail to sample our teas. Buying direct from Tea Estates, pay no commission to travellers, and hav- ing no expensiveextras to provide for, we do business and have done for 30 years at the closest profit. CllY OF LONDON TEA COMPANY, 1. 2. and 3. Beer-lane, GREAT TOWER-ST., LONDON, B.C.

WORTHINGTON'S BURTON ALES AND STOUTS. FINDLATER'S DUBLIN INVALID AND OTHER STOUTS. GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT IN CAW OR BOTTLE. FINDLATEN'S STOUTS may now be had In 4/ gallon maks. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS in bottles only. J. M. BEACON. BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER, 14, ST. TAMILS-ST.. WA.IIII.INOTON.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT CO. BEST BOOTS FOR EVERYBODY. See the new Styles In LADIES' LOVir SHOES. UNDER THE CLOCK, WARRINGTON. UNDER THE CLUB, WIDNES. 205 BRIDGE STREET, EARLESTOWN. THREE GOLD MEDALS FOR QUALITY.

/ PwAINRL'S UNIVERSAL SrIIRT . / 69. BRIDGE STREET. WARRIEGTON.

351 SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. MAWSON AND CO. THE STANDARD TAILORS Are NOW SHOWING some of the Choicest Designs in W OOLLEN GOODS for the present Season. We have lately adopted and are now cutting by the NEWEST AND LATEST AMERICAN SYSTEM. With great success, and are confident of giving every satisfaction in fit and style. EVERTGARMENT made under PERSONAL SUPERVISION

LADIES THIS FOR YOU TO READ. THERE IS NO PLACE LIKE HOME. And nothing in it looks more comfortable than a BRIGHT and CLEAN FIRESIDE. NO MORE BLACKLEADING REQUIRED. YOUR GRATES CLEANED IN FIVE MINUTES. USE LAWSON'S BLACK. Sold In Tins at 2d., 61d. each. Full directions for use on each tin. All you require to use it with is LAWSON'S PATENT BRUSH AND HOLDER, Price 61d. One Brush will last a lifetime. The end of the Holder being attached to the Brush forms n Shield to prevent the fingers being soiled with the black. LAWSON'S BLACK is a pleasure to use. No Brushing. No Dirt. Your Grates and Fenders will always look equal to new. Will not burn off or blister only where the bars ge red hot. SOLE MANUFACTURER FOR PATENTEE: H. M. LAWSON, BOOTLE, LIVERPOOL. A large size Tin, with Brush and Holder complete, free per Parcel Post for In 4d. In stamps or postal order. Copy of unsolicited Testimonial, selected out of a number received. Hawthorne Villa, Linthorpe, Middiesbro', Oct. 29, 1892. Mr-H. M. Lawson, Liverpool. DEAR SIR,-1 have used some of the " Lawson's Black" on my drawing and dining room fire grates, which my husband brought me to try, with the object of saving the servants the tedious work of blackleading, and I think it only right to comply with his desire to inform you that the trial has been most satisfactory in every respect; not only is the saving in time reduced more than three-fourths, and the appearance of the grates much improved as compared to blacklead, but the to ush wad holder you have introduced en- ables those who use it to do so without in any way blacking or soiling their hands. I may also add that al far the appear- ance has not been affected by the heat of the firm—Yours respectfully, JENNIE DOVE. Ask your Tenman, Grocer, or Chandler for it, And See that You Get It.

SPRING AND SUMMER SHOW IN JUVENILE DEPARTMENT AT THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT FOR LITTLE BOYS we have now Ready for SPRING and SUMMER WEAR very pretty New Designs ia SAILOR SUITS etc.. from Gd/ BLUES, BLACKS, BROWNS, GREYS, FAWNS, Am. YOUTHS D.B. REEFER KNICKER SUIT in all Colours are VERY STYLISH FOR BOYS 9 to 15 years old. YOUTHS D.B. AND S.B. REEFER SUIT long TROUSERS in endless variety prices to meet all Buyers Ac ALL GOODS OUR OWN MAKE. 8 & 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

HALL'S MY HATTER. THE CELEBRATED W. W. OR WEAR WELL MAKE OF HATS. MADE FROM PURE NATURAL FUR AND PURE LAMBS' WOOL, ELASTIC AND UNBREAKABLE, DURABLE, COMFORTABLE AND EASY FITT- ING AND PERFECTLY VENTILATED. FROM 2/0 TO 6/6 Made by TRADES' UNION woriipeople in a British Factory. To be obtained only from THE NOTED HAT SHOP. 1. MARKET GATE. WARRINGTON.

TUCK AND CO., Limited. INDIA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. Guaranteed quality. Lace. Thread, or Copper Sewn. or C IEMENTED ONLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street, Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester. London, Cardiff, Newport, and Dublin, LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

TEETH. TEETH. TEETH TEETH. PARKINSON'S TEETH, are, at the price, UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The public TEETH. may rest assured that these statements are based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, and perhaps the best guarantee of this to intending patients TEETH. Is that J. H. PARKINSON has one of the Largest Dental Practices in England, the ... TBETH. Come of employing the BEST LABOUR, using the BEST MATERIALS obtainable, and eharg- TEEM lag the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. Any set made, or work done by him, and TEETH. hot giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION In Every Detail will be immediately corrected, or TEETH. an ENTIRE NSW SET made FREE OF CHARGE. These conditions Insure the public's satistae- rEETEE. tion and recommendation, exemplified by 21 sets having been inserted for patients durbag f one year only, directly and indirectly throcgh TEETH, the voluntary persuasion and recommendatima TEETH. of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any or all of these patients' names and addresses, for ref e- TEETH. rence, will be given to any would-be patient Personally applying for them. These, with TEETH. ttorf mloridesisn the past, each recommending success.. speak volumes for Mr. Parkin- son's TEETH. His unusually Large Dental Establishment, adapted for the COMFORT of Patients, MUST TEETH. NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCOME FREE CONSULTATION TEETH an S Daily from 9to 12 . atO 6LiTTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION. as hitherto, by the aid ' n of hlt:iicown mane TEETH. LIQUID LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE' of liquefies for sale to dentists nearly 101000 gal - T lons weekly. Patients, have, therefore' in this 1 speciality also the be of his experien. ca. TEETH. CLOSED ALL DAY ON FRIDAYS. - TEETH. J. H. PARKINSON, Dentist by Examination, 48. MOSLEY-STREET, MANCHESTER, WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, at Miss Charles's. Ladles' Outfitter, Sankey-street, from 2 to 6 P.m. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes. (late Miss Parson's), Confectioner, Bridge-street. from 2 to 5. NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS. at Miss Gibson's, 2. Castle- Street, from re ii to 5. .A 1

SPRING AND SUMMER SHOW AT THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. BEING LARGE MANUFACTURERS OF CLOTH- ING of every description and LARGE BUYERS FOR CASH enable them to receive great advantages from the Woollen Manufactures, and our Customers will receive the benefit in Buying their Clothing from them ALL GOODS ARE WELL MADE and Trimmed equal to any bespoke trade. THEIR STOCK THIS SPRING IS BEYOND ANY PREVIOUS SHOW FOR MAGNITUDE NOVELTY AND VALUE. MEN'S SUITS 16/6,18/11.21/-9 23/6,2716, 30/-, 33/-. MEN'S TROUSERS 5/11, 6/6, 6/11, 7/6, 8/6, 9/6, 10/6. INSPECTION INVITED. ALL GOODS OUR OWN MAKE. 8 AND 10, MORSEMARKET-STREET. WARRINGTON.

JAMES WILLIAMS, CHAIR AND CABINET MANUFACTURER, 28 and 28, GEORGE LEIGH-STREET, Lyn 37, GREAT ANCOATS STREET, MANCHESTER. Cheapest HOUSE in the Trade. ESTABLISHED 1825.

, THE EMPIRE TEA CO's NOTED TEAS A 2 ' 9'2 9 / / 6.) / 1112 PER T_ / '"'. A.,/ 1 ..4/ 4,2, 6, & ~ 0 LB. WE GIVE ONE CHEQUE, OR VALUE 3n. WITH EACH QUARTER-POUND TEA. Purchasers or Cheque Holders have a costly and varied Stock of useful and ornamental Articles to choose from. P. 4 Sheets, Tablecic ths, Towels, Az. p. 4 Kitchen and Parlour Rugs, .3 0 n E.; Door mate all sorts, 0 :,.3. ts '''' Z Floor and Table Oilcloths, "" 0 .4 IA If onware in great variety, ea MJ W 0 M Baskets, Brushes, An., 0 to tti Cutlery all sorts. 6 Iv CI) . 0 China. and Earthenware. Toilet Sets, Trinket Sets, C ^4 0 b... 1 Lamps a large assortment, 0 co 4 Glassware all sorts, o'4 Vases and other ornaments in great variety. Culinary articles too varied to enumerate. THE EMPIRE TEA COMPANY, 16. HORSEMARKET-STREET. WARRINGTON.

CRITCHLEY, THE NOTED TAILOR, FIRST QUALITY IN LABOUR FIT AND STYLE. SPECIALITIES. COVERT COATS, 40s. SUITS, 50s. . TROUSERS 16S. DRESS SUITS 70S. J. C. having a large stock of late season goods, is offering same at greatly reduced prices. 6, BOLD STREET. WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 11370. HANKINSON AND SON, AERATED WATER MANUFACTURERS, RUNCORN. Among their Specialities are REAL OLD-FASHIONED BREWED GINGER BEER, In Stone Bottles. 70LAKONE, containing the stimulating and sus- taining properties or the Rota Nut. Beneficial to Athletes. BREWED HOP ALE (Non-Intoxicating). QU IN INE TONIC WATER, a Delicious Drink and a Splendid Restorative. SODA WATER, guaranteed to contain the required quantity of Soda-Bicarbonate. IN CORKED OR PATENT BOTTLES. SYPHONS SUPPLIED. HANKINSON and SON guarantee their Drinks to be Free f coin all injurious contam- inations, being periodically subjected to a strict analysis. Their Aerated Waters are of the Highest Quality, and cannot be excelled. •

THE LIVERPOOL ANIMAL SLAUGHTERING AND PATENT MANURE COMPANY. LIMITED, SUPPLY THE BEST MANURES IN TILE MARKET Made from Bleed, Bones, etc., TO SUIT ALL CROPS. Price list and terms post free on application. P.S.—The best price given for dead and worn-out Horses, and removed on the shortest notice. Telephone, 1407. W. C. HODOKINSON, 3, Cellh3gwood-street, Managing Director. Liverpool.

Violent thunderstorms occurred on Saturday afternoon and evening in varbus quarters of the North of Eng- land. In several cases damage was caused, and near South Shields a man named Robert Taylor was killed by lightning. MEDICAL.

QOUTH SHORE. BLACKPOOL.—To be LET Furnished /.) for June, House. 4 Bedrooms, Parlour, Kitchen, Scul- lery, &c. South front, near Promenade and Btation.-1.0 Clare-street.

TIOI7GLAS, ISLE of MAN.—ROTHESAY Family and If Commercial BOARDING ESTABLISHMENT, 15 and 16. Loch Promenade.—R. A. HENDRY (late of Balmoral Moose), Proprietor.

SITTING ROOMS and two or three Bedrooms ; aplendid View of Menai Straits. close to rail and AngleP.ey Ferry. Terms moderate. No children.—Mrs. JONES, Oorphwysfa, Port Dioorwic. Bangor.

TSLB O MAN—DOUGLAS.—Mrs. TET. ow, Henshaw House. 13, Mona-terrace, Flnch-rortd. Vist..,rs will here find most comfortable accommodation, with or without board ; reasonable terms.

SBASIDE.—CRICCIRTH, NORTH WALES.—Furnished house to let (perfect sanitati n); two sitting-rooms, six bedrooms, including servants' room ; good view of Cardigan Bay.—Apply OWN, Sea View.

wINDERMERN, Derwentwater, Am&inside. Grasmere, Sm., Charming Furnished Mansions, Villas and Vicar- ages, for season, also unfurnished (list and map free).— SAUL, Agent, Windermere.

BUXTON.—THE PEAK THERMAL ESTABLISHMENT. The best Hydropathic in the district. Mineral Water and other Baths. Magnificent public rooms. Excellent cuisine. Table d'hote at separate tables.

DOUGLAS, ISLE OF MAN.—Refined Christian Home. replete with every comfort, for boarders and private families ; select part of bay. Term 3 reasonable.—Mrs. WF:STLAICE, Sea Level, Queen's Promenade. Accessible by trams.

1 AKB DISTRICT.—FURNISHED APARTMENTS to Let _LI two sitting rooms, four bedrooms one double. nicely situated, five minutes walk to Esthwaite Lake. fishing and boating to be had.—Apply Mrs. JACKSON, Rogerground Farm. Rawkahead.

(10LWYN BAY.—" Home from Home" Boarding Establish- ment, stands In man grounds. near sea. drawing. smoke and music-rooms, library, dark-room. Board and residence, 17s. 6d. to 2Els. per we,-k, including use of bathroom, &c.— Mrs. Brackstone, Plas-y-Coed.

SITTING and TWO BEDROOMS, unfurnished, very pleasant, good accommodation for visitors, parents wishing a change for 'heir children will meet with home comforts, terms moderate.—Mrs. CARTWRIGHT. Westmore• land Villas, Fairfield. Buxton.

TIOL'O LAS, NIX OF MAN.—Warrington Heine, Empress I/ Terrace, late Emprege Drive, ituated in the Centre ot the Pay, Uninterrupted View of Sea and Headlands, every accommodation for Boarders and Non-j3oar4.ra; terms moderate.—P. Tnavre, Proprietor.

ULLSWATER, Watermillock House.—The above has been opened as a Temperance Hotel end Furnished Private Apartments. w.c., to, Splendid scenery, free fishing on th- lake, boats, stabling. Terms (strictly moderate) on applica- tion.— WILLIAM SIMPSON, Proprietor.

LADIES' SCHOOL,MELCHET HOUSE, LYTHAM. —lnclusive terms, special for clergy, references to rarents. vacancy for articled pupil.—Principals, the Misses RALKET (Miss. S. Halket,L.L.A.)

ALADY requires two little boys of good family, to prepare for College ; sound education ; languages, music, drawing ; happy country home; 25 guineas each per annum ; no extras, highest references exchanged.- MATER, The Hermitage, Husbansls Bosworth, Rugby.

CLAREMONT, MOUNT EPHRAIM - ROAD, STREATHAM, LONDON. PREPARATORY SCHOOL for the Sons a Gentlemen, (Established 1881.) Tutor a B.A. London. Principal—Miss JULIA GRIFFITHS. Prospectus on Application.

ST. GEORGE'S SCHOOL, (Catholic), Brampton, Huntingdon, (it hours from King's Cross). A thoroughly Professional or Commercial Education provided at a mOderate pension.—Address The PRINCIPAL.

SEFTON HOUSE, WEST DERBY, NEAR LIVERPOOL. Conducted by the Misses ACKERLEY. Good educational advantages. The house, a large and com- modious one. Is most conveniently situated for access from Manchester and Southport. being within five minutes' walk from the Wes IDerby Station, on the Cheshire Lines Railway NEXT TERM will COMMENCE Wednesday, May 3rd. Charges moderate.

TflE MARIANO ENDOWED SCHOOL, STROUD. Chairman of Governors r Sir W. H. Marling, Hart. Schoel Fees. £-3 a Term ; Boarding Fees, onl) £3O per Annum. Boys admitted at any period at Prot ortionate Fees. For particulars apply.—W. J. UREENSTREET, MA., Head- master.

WIDNES ACADEMY OF MUSIC. PRIVATE LESSONS. SELECT DAY AND EVENING CLASSES. PIANO, ORGAN, HARMONIUM, VIOLIN, VOICE PRODUCTION, HARMONY, COUNTERPOINT, COMPOSITION. THREE FREE SCHOLARSHIPS Tenable one year. Thirty-three certificates and prizes gained by students during the year 1891. Prospectus on Application to THE PRINCIPAL.

GEORGE JACKSON. PAWNBROKER, JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH, 59. AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS. GUNS, and MUSICAL IN- SIRUMENTS of every Degcription. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

ITBRY handsome solid WALNUT V OVERMAIs TLE, equal to new, Payments taken. four large size best French plate bevelled mirrors, two side and centre brackets for Bric-a-Brac display. Size 1.1 JS. D. 1/7 L 9 42 by 33. Cost four guineas. Only d.,/

TIORFEITED under special con• tract, splendid EnglishEILVER Paymnts ta LEVER, centre seconds, chronograph stop WATCH, by that celebrated Maker. '• Samuels." of Manchester. Jewelled with valuable rubies, irs six pairs, extra-perfectly adjusted expan- sMn balance, thus ensuring perfect timekeeping, under all atmospheric changes. This watch is honestly worth seven guineas, will give writtenl9 6 guarantee for ten years. Only Xs S. -.

NREDEEMED roll of TAPES- TRY CARPET. containing 56 Payments taken. yards, first class quality, magnificent pattern, any length cut, cost 2s. sd. per yard, will take IS. CI 2D.

EXCREDINGLY high-class French made VIOLIN. pert ectly new, Payments taken. rmigolficent tone, and varnish, con- structed with the utmost mathemati- cal precision, and on the latest scientific method, honestly worth seven guineas, Inferior instruments _O3 12s. 6D. taken in exchange. Only X.;

ADY'S handsome solid GOLD Jl.l WATCH, in perfect order, gold Payments taken, dial, cost when new four guineas, will give written guarantee for three years, and will allow at any time full price paid for watch, in excLange for 21 better one, will sacrifice for s

T IARTHENWARE SECONDS.—Number of good CRATES to dispose of, consisting of Painted, Printed, &C.—For price and further particulars apply A. H. SAMBROOK, 25. Church-et., Hanley, Staff.

- SCOTCH WHlSKEY.—Parties desiring really good 0 Whiskey should send P.O. for 20s. for six bottles, car- riage paid to any part of England.-31cJEituow and Co., Lockerbie. N.B. Established 1825.

L./ R RAPEY, WOOL, and KNITTING BUSINESS to be die- posed of, in Lytham, the only knitting businessin the town; good house, easy rent, central position stock and fixtures about £250.-11, Queen-st., Lytham.

(lUR BLACK AND BLUR WOOL bEfiGES make splendid V/ suits. A full suit length, carriage pfd for 10s.. 16s. 6d. and 18s. 6d. Patterns free.—A. L. LITTLF.WOOD, Manufac- turer, Honley. Huddersfield. Mention paper.

TOHN LOWE, Fire and Thlef-proot SAFE MAKER, has ON 0 SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and other.; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. —3B. Albert-street, King-street West, Manchester.

C HARACTERS delineated from handwriting, or from sketrdles or impressions of hands. with lines in palms ; all questions willingly answered.—Fee Is.. for handwriting ; is. 6d. for hands.—Mrs. BLAKISTON, Wareham. Dorset.

'tT ANUFACTURER'S REMNANTS in Stuffs. Cashmeres, lvi Prints, Calicoes, Cretonnes. Flannels, Shirtings, and Woollen Clothes, TO lb. bundles cheap; price list free.—W. CLAnxeox, Merchant, 41, Swaine-st., Bradford.

80,000 SOLD. Lancastere celebrated photograpidc Cameras. /cc.. for Amateurs or Profes- sionals. MANCHESTER AGENCY is at 71. Oxford-at. (All Sainte). Lists free. Second hand cameras bought oi-ex- changed.

RARE BOOKS.—Sappho, illustrated, Is. 61. The Bride, Is. Gd. ; Aristotle's Works, coloured plates. 352 pages. 2s. 4d (valuable medical book) ; many others ; catalogues two stamps; six curious pirotosas.— nos Etanal., Park-ridings, llornsey, London, N. Mention paper, 'PILES! PILES I All outward PILES cured in two or three days with BOOBY'S PATENT OINTMENT. Testimonials from all parts. Only one trial solicited.— Apply Mr. or Mrs. Bonny, Queen's Head Inn, Manchester-road: Bradford, Yorkshire. Boxes Is. each, by post Is. ltd.

-Y 17 ALKER'S SPECIFIC FOR PILES.—A Certain. safe and speedy remedy. Beneficial to the general health. Cures constipation. Invaluable to ladles. In boxes, Is. Ild , and 23. 9d., of most chemists: by post ls. 3d. and 23. lid —J. WiLICER, Manchester House, St. Augustine's-road, Southsea.

V'I7ND DRAD.—Thousands have t,een killed with Sanford's Poison. Hund, ed. of farmers that have used it say it t. tie I est poison known, as they find a lot of rate dead by using if. Post free Is. 2d., 25., 3s box, of SANFORD and Sox, Sanity, Beds. Send stamp and try it. Sold by chemists.

NOTTINGHAM LACE CAPES. SPLENDID SILK LACE CAPES 2s. 6D. AND 3s. 6D. EACH. Carriage paid ; superior quality ss. lid , worth lss. fit and quality guaranteed. Beautiful white .kirts, full 91ZP. trimmed deep lace, 2s. 61, ; trimmed with ernhrolderv. 6.1., good value. Carriage paid. WM. COTTON, La and Lace Curfain Ntarmfacturer, Weekday Cross, Nottifidiam.— Established 50 years.

WARRELL'S EXTRACT OF HERBS tor the mak- !, log of IMRE or BOTANIC BEER of the very best kind it makes every pleasant nonintoxicating beer one table spoonful will make one gallon of splendid, sparkling, beer. A trial solicited. Sample bottle post free for 6 stamps, agents wanted, send for price list to 8. M. WARRECLL. 124, MERTON BANK-ROAD, ST. MUMS, LANCASHIRE.

k WARDED FIRST PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide .11 Jubilee Exhibition, 1887, and Sydney Centenary Exhibition, 1888. —TO PICTURE FRAME IHAKERS AND DECORATORS. Cheapest HOU3O in Loudon for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings —all the newest designs. Two million feet always in Stt.ak, Veneered and fancy wood mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every description, oleographs,Ac. Further reduction in prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country' and shipping orders. Full particulars in pattern book and catalogue (85 pagea 4to demy revised for 1891) for 3d, stamps.—H. MORYLL, 17 and 18, Great St. Andrew-st., Bloomsbury, London. Telegraphic address "Rabbitry." London. Stock lists and prices of glass monthly, free.

Co be ?Let. DENKETH. HOUSE, with garden ;also several cottages.— Apply Mr. ROBERT LOWE, estate agent, Market Gate Chambers, Warrington.

HOUSE AND GARDEN TO LET, No. 4, Sa rent £25 Bs. per annum. Contains dining and drawingroom, kitchen. .kc., five bedrooms, w.c., and bath.— Apply Onssort AND Sort, Church-it., Warrington.

To BE LET.-110US1 No. 11, Museutn-st., Warrington, 1 now in the occupation of Mr. C. B. Aylward as tenant thereof, for particnlars apply to Mr. THOS. COWTELL, estate agent, No. 1. Mill-street, Market Place. Warrington.

SHOP AND DWELLING.-55, Bewsey-st., Warrington; suit tailor, draper, tobacconist, general broker, confec- tioner, butcher, fish, game, dm., stable if required, and win- doW altered.—Apply sltEmasn, 60, Bewsey-road, Warring- ton.

AIATRIMONY ! 1 —ASTROLOGY! I —Why Live in Doubt ?—Your Future Foretold, Marriage Prospects, : Brief Chart, Is. Id. ; Seven Years' By. nts. 2s. 6d. Nativity, 55. Give sex and date of Birth. State if married. Photograph may be sent when possible.—Address Professor CATTELL. 15, Upper Perry-hill, Bristol.

CONTINUATION • OF REDUCTIONS. OF THE RESIDUE OF STOCK, A/fD AT PRICES THAT MUST COMMAND AN ENTIRE CLEARANCE AT THE TEMPLE OF ARTS FURNITURE ESTAB- LISHMENT, 164 AND 166, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON. SIDEBOARDS. A few Splendid Sideboards from 4 feet to 7 feet ate reduction of 15 to 25 per cent, from the:plainly marked usual prices. BEDROOM SUITES. Bedroom Suites from £5 to £BO. amongst hich are some very handsome Suites in al- most every kind of Wood and decorated, at a reduction of 10 to 25 per cent, from the plainly marked usual prices. BEDSTEADS. Iron. Iron and Ems, and all Brass Bed- steeds, at greatly reduced prices. CARPETS AND HEARTHRUGS, &a. Carpets. Hearthrugs. Floor Cloths, Lino- leum, Matting., and Mats of every descrip- tion, and at very low prices. Beds and Mattresses of every kind made, and Bedding of all sorts. A 1 quality, and at prices that cannot fail to give satisfaction. CONTINUATION OF REDUCTIONS AT THE TEMPLE OF ARTS, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON, H. W. MARSH. ESTABLISHED 1864.

THE GOLDEN BEE HIVE. THOMAS GREAVES, PAWNBROKER. JEWELLER. AND OUTFITTER. 69 and n, CHURCH STREET, WARRINGTON.

Enormous Reductions in Dresses, Skirts, and every des- cription of Women's wear. A large number of Girls' and Children's Frocks, suitable for Walking Day. Dress Pieces and Remnants in all Shades. Juveniles Clothing a speciality BOYS' STRONG TWEED SUITS, quite new, from 2ll BOYS' BLACK WORSTED SUITS, all sizes, from 6 11 Several other ranges of Boys' Suits at equally I me prices Also several Boss' Second-band Suits and odd Garments

CHEST, 3ft , Mahogany Polished, 2 Small, 2 Large Drawers, very strong l7 0 GENTS' SILVER ENGLISH LEVER WATCH, superior finish, made by E. Eustance, Sankey-street. Warring- ton, capped and j -welled. a great bargain £2 2s GUINEA GOLD WEDDING RINGS, New and Second- hand. in all sizes, from 9 11 LADIES' SECOND-HAND SILVER WATCH, stamped cases, just fortrited. only 8 6 0 3 9 HALF-DOZEN ELECTRO TEA SPOONS, very best Quality 0 3 9 0 2 11 SILVER SEAL PIiNITA-IiTS, Sterling Silver, Hall Marked

- - -- 0 9 6 SILVER ALBERT, Curb Pattern, and Stamped every Link, a Bargain 0 9 6 1 5 0 Pair Jot B U—F PALO BORNS, in good condi- tion, 6ft across 1 5 0 012 6 KITCHEN DRESSER, oak painted, very strongly made, turned legs, 51t. 61n. long; white top. 3 drawers, special line

„.._ 029 6 Real Mahogany PARLOUR CHEST, Sft, high, 31arge two small drawers with locks to each, will take highest polish. As genu- ine bargain at 0 15 6 Strong Iron FblD-14-16 CH—ATE BEDSTEAD with 'cuebions complete will form chair, couch or bed, to be sold for

Any of the Articles mentioned can be seen in Window— Display at THE GOLDEN BEE HIVE, CHURCH STREET.

CIORPORATION OF WARRINGTON.—GAS DEPART- MENT.—TO BOILER MAKERS.— WANTED. TEN- DERS for the If EPAIRING of a BOILER. For further in- fLarmation apply to Mr. W. S. Haddock, Engineer to the Department. FREDERICK TAYLOR, Secretary. Gas Offices, Mereey-st., 25th May. 1893.

r I 'HE CORPORATION OF WARR/ NGTON. Invite I TENDERS for the. SUPPLY of 500 Bath Towels, and 300 PAIRS of BATHING DRAWERS, similar to samples to,be seen at the Treasurer's Office, Town Hall. Tenders to be sent in on or before Wednesday next. the 31st inst.. addressed " Chairman of the Baths Committee, Town Hall."

THE WIDNES CORPORATION are prepared to reoeive _k TENDERS for the supply of MACADAM, and BREAK- ERS, FLAGS, CURBS. and SETTS, for the term ending March, 1894. For specifications and other conditions apply to the Borough Surveyor. Tenders end, reed " Road materials Flags ac.. to be delivered to the undersigned not:later than the 31st instant. The lowest or any tender not neces- sarily accepted. H. S. OPPENHEIM, Town Clerk, Town Hall, Widnes, 18th May. 1893.

rrHE WIDNES CORPORATION are prepared to receive 1. TENDERS for the supply of CORN for a period of six or twelve months-. AlTparticulars and forms of tender may be obtained upon application to the Borough Surveyor.— Tenderi endorsed " Corn" with samples to be delivered to the undersigned not later thqn the 31st instant. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted. H. S. OPPENHEI3I. Town Clerk. Town Hall, Widnes, 18th May, 1893.

-11011PIXTON BURIAL GROUND.—Parties destroufr of Xt. tendering for the erection of WALLS, GATES. IRON RAMS, and for the DRAINAGE are requested to apply be- fore Saturday the 3'rd of Jane. to Mr. WM. OWEN, archtect, Cairo-street Chem,: ere, Warrington, for quantities. A deposit of lee, will be required for each set of quantities which will be returned on the receiptof a bona fide tender. By order. SAMUEL SUTTON, Clerk to the Warrington Rural Sanitary Authority.

TO FARMERS AND OTHERS.—The Sanitary Works Committee of the Council of the Borough of Warrington Is prerared to receive TENDERS (with camp/es) for the stipply of 20 TONS of GOOO CLOVER HAY, Gabe delivered at Town Hall statdes in such quantity and at such times as the Committee may direct. Tenders to be sent to this office not later than 4 p.m. on Wednesday, June 14th 1893. and addresse 1 to the Chairman of Sanitary Works Committee, Town Hall, Warrington, JOHN CHURCH, Sanitary Works Inspector.

THE WIDNES CORPORATION are prepared to receive I_ TENDERS for PAINTING and CLEANING. (1) The Accident Hospital. Terrace-road (outside and inside). (2) The Infectious Diseases Hospital, Crow Wood (inside). (3) The Fire Station and Cottages, Lacey-et. (outside and inside). Specifications and Forms of Tender may be obtained upon application to the Borough Surveyor. Tenders enclosed in separate covers and endorsed "Painting.' " Accident Hospi- tal," or as the case may 'be, to be delivvved to the under- signed not later than the Ist June prox. The lowest or any Tender not necessarily accepted. H OPPRNHEIM, Town Clerk. Town Hall, Widnes, 18th May, 1893.

wA minro phNe WuarilogNt,;;Tion. P Re request Tigl3s ;orr- preparing and RE-PAINTING of the outside portions of the Warrington Union Workhouse and premises as hitherto painted, with two coats of good oil paint. Genuine white lead and the best linseed oil are to be used, and the materials are to be brought in bulk and mixed together on the premises. The preparatory work and painting to be executed to the satisfaction of the ROUII9 Committee. Tenders to be sent to me on or before Monday. June 12th, properly sealed and endorsed •• Tender for painting."—For inspection, ami other information apply to the Master, Mr. Ward, Union Work- house. JAMES C. SUTTON. Clerk to the Guardians. Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, May, 1893.

HOOPING COUGH The celeSrated effectual HOOPING COUGH cure without internal ' medicine. HOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price HOOPING COUGU 4s. per bottle. Sole Wholesale Agents W. EDwAPDS Sc SON, BRONCIIITIS 157, Queen Victoria Street London, CROUP

tpae,tassfttettes, ,51t. UOlt SAUL—HUMBER SAFETY BICYCLE—SoIid tyres, 1: good condition, £lB ISE, take £s.—Apply Boa 25, Examiner Office, Warrington.

BICYCLX. DIAMOND framed SAFETY, bargain, quad- rant, new balls all through, nickelled, suspension saddle list price £l4 ; sacrifice 9 guineas ; easy runner.-22 Leigh- road. Atherton.

WRINGING MACHINES. by all best makers. Sewing machines by Bradbury and others. Agent for the Quinton. Coventry Cycles, and the Special of Salford, hest discounts in town for cash.--W. FURNIVAL, 78 Knutsford-rd., Warrington.

SAFETIES! SAFETIES!! SAFETIES! ! I Write for most complete List In the Trade. Poet Free, con- taining over 500 New and Second-hand Machines, all of the latest patterns. Machines from 255. Cheapest and Best in the World. Trade supplied. 5) per cent. cheaper than other makers. Large List Post Free. W. B. WARRILOW, REGENT CYCLE WORKS. WESTON-SUPER-MARE. _ _

MASON'S CYCLE CO.. LTD. 71, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. THE BEST MACHINES, WITH PNEUMATIC TYRES, FROM £ll us. EACH. REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. A. MASON, MANAGER. NOTE NEW ADDRESS.

SLADES GOOD VALUE CYCLES. BALL BEARINGS to all lartsincluclfng head and pedals, finest quality, steel tub., diAmond frame, beautifully enamelled and lined. A written guarantee with every machine. PRICE { With latest pattern Pneumatic Tyres £l2 10s. With best quality cushion Tyres £9 ss. Made in Coventry, the home of geninue Cycles. Ouly address : SLADE% 73, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

HUMBER'S NEW SHOWROOMS. The world-famous Humber's Nouse in Liverpool Is now 73. Bold-street. Their Specialty for 1893 is a marvel of lightness and strength. fitted with the latest pattern tyres at £l2 155. rash. To all purchasers of this Machine the Return Railway Fare from Warrington and neighbourhood allowed. 73. BOLD-STREET. 73. LIVERPOOL.

THE OLD-ESTABLISHED BASSINETTE WAREHOUSE. Beware of spurious imitations. The best and cheapest Carriages in the town or district. (So connection with any other firm of the same name.) W. ASHTON, 74, Sankey-t., Warrington, manu- facturer of Bath Chairs, Haasinettes, Rustle Car- riages, Ac., of the best materials and workmanship, on the premises, under personal supervision. weltaniehed Bassinettes from 255., warranted to run straight. Mail Carte, Tricycle Horses, Doll Carriages, &a Agent for Sewing Machines, Wrinving and Washing Mao- hines. WORKS :—BEAMONT-STBIET.

BELSIZE, IRWELL'S, WHITWORTH'S, TRENTS, REFEREES. HUMBER and SYMTER, CRYPTO'S. COVENTRY CROSS, GROSVENORS, STARS, and maker of the celebrated HARDIE CYCLES. The largest Stock in the North to select from. Every machine warranted for 12 months. Cycles made and repaired on the premises. Solid- tyred Safeties converted into cushions from JO5. The trade supplied and agents appointed. CALL and SEE HARDIE'S HUMBER-PATTERNDIA- MOND FRAME 1893 (Dunlop or other Pnewmatic Tyres) weight from 301153., for RI 0 10s. Warranted flor 12 months. Cycles supplied on the easy payment system. HARDIE, Cycle Factor, 80, Renshaw-st.. Liver- pool, and 238 and 29). Regent-road. Salford.

THE RUDGE LEADS ALL CYCLES. LIOHTJES sT.N ANDISSTRTEHNEGTH. MECHANICAL BEAUTY, Fully *quipped it 'tette wenther defying mount of the tourist ; stripped., the lightning cycle of the read races. Can be had on' the easy payment system, orgood terms for cash. Send for Price List free, and give your order at once to save delay, to the largest and oldest cycle firm, in the world. RUDGE CYCLE CO., LTD. 101. BOLD-STREIM LIVERPOOL.

CYCLES! CYCLES ! ! 11P YOU WANT THE FASTEST MACHINES IN THZ WORLD AND THE BIGGEST DISCOUNTS, OR ANYTHING IN THE CYCLE LINE, CALL ON HE BURTON CYCLE COMPANY, KNUTSFORD ROAD, WARRINGTON. A SPECIAL LEADING PNEUMATIC TYRED SAFETY, £ll 10S. This is a High-Class Machine, none of your Wolverhampton rubbish,

CYCLISTS. DON'T BUY RUBBISH with fancy names, and made of common metal or gas-piping :' They are only made to look at, mot to ride. Many have found this true, to their sorrow, mad a lighter paeicet during the last season. Buy a Reliable Mount from the Manufacturer, made of the Best Weldiess Steel, Ouaranteed, you then SAVE AGENTS PROFIT And obtain tke Extra Discount yourself. Send for List or Call and Inspect our Stock. Return Fare allowed io Liverpool to Purchasers. Our Machines cannot be surpassed for Originality Excellence and Trus.worthiness, and can be had on our new GRADUAL PAYMENT SYSTEM, GRAND VALUE. DUNLOP PNEUMATIC DIAMOND FRAME SAFETY Lii lls. O. QUADRANT CYCLE DEPOT, 69, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ON SALE.—EGGS from Black minerca hens, mated with rosecomb Black Orpington Cock from W. Cook's pen. 13 eggs for 3s. 6cl.—J. ANDERTON. Elm Tree Lodge, Burton. wood.

VGGS, from magnificent pen of prize winning Silver E from Hamburghs, 3s. pr thirteen ; guaranteed fertile.—JoHN C. BIATTnEws, Palgrave Hall, Swaffham, Norfolk.

BLACK MINORCA EGGS, Hopkins and Hunters, A tad layers and prize strain ; also white liThorn, Ringwood and Bradbury, prize si rain, only 23. 6d. packed, JOSEPH ESIXETT, 304, liarle-st., Earlestown.

-UGGS for HATCHING from my noted winter layers ; LA Langshan-Minorcas, Plymouth Rocks, White Leg.: horns ; splendid large eggs, ss. per dozen. Ca4k with order. ',lnfertile replaced ; if return carriage paid.—Miss WRIGHT, Bwomedge, Lymm, Warrington.

HIGHLY-BRED Silver Spangled HA`IIIBURGHS ; eggs guaranteed from let prize winners, Northampton, Derby, Rugby, Penistone, Peake Forest, Heanor, Luster- worth, ac., eggs from above pens produced winners, Royal, &e., last year, 6s. dezen, W. OLossoo,Ambergate.

EGGS FOR SITTING.— Black Mitiorcul. Rutter-fields Hop kins. Dark Brahma Cooks Berrys, White Leghorn Butterfields all at 3s. per Bitting. Silver Gray Dorking,Berrys Majors 45., &rat cross 25. per sitting; -..rifertile replaced.— PETER FAULKNER, aranville Cottage, Walkden, near Bolton.

VOR 3s. 6d. I will send package free, carriage paid, 13 eggs from pure black Minorcas, Qib3on's strain ; these fowls are correct in all points, of large size, and excellent layers of immense thick shelled eggs, unlimited grass run ; special offer, 39 eggs for Bs., 65 eggs for 123. 6d.—Miss BRAITHWAITE SUTTON, Alford, Lincolnshire.

EfiS.—Lemon-erested lavender Polands. Nothing can approach these birds for their intense beauty and rarity, very hardy and wonderful layers,the same as I have supplied Hampton Court Palace, the Coantess of Aylesford, giving the preatest pleasure and satiefection. Eggs warranted from my best pen, 255. for 15 eggs, fertile. —WELLINGRAM, Stow Bedon Hall, Attleboro'.

ITTING OF HIGH CLASS EGOS.—Black Minorca 1..7 Webster's and Abbot's champion and challenge cup combined strains, silver w;ey (forking, Cres,well's strain ; black red game, Ceptain Heaton's strain; Alystury ducks. Digby's strain. No private pens. Guarantee all the same, I hatch from Prolific layers and handsome specimens, none better. Reduce from ss. to 3s. 6d. aitting. Two sittings 6s. —E. CHURCII, Roche, Cornwall.

EGGS FOR SITTING.—SingIe and Rose combed Orping- ton's golden and silver Wyandotte, light Brahmas, 45.; dark Brahmas. Houdans, brown and white Leghorns, Lang- thane. Plymouth Rocks, Blue Aadalusians, Minorets golden pencilled Hamburgs, 3,9. 6d. ; No. 2 pen Minorcas, black rose combed Bantams, white rose combed Bantams. Duck eggs, 25.6 d. per sitting of 13 eggs. Sitting mixed to suit Customers,, unfertile eggs replaced if returned carriage paid. The above pens have been mated with birds from some of the best yards in England to produce good layers. Inspection invited. No eggs sold on Sundays.—Jortsr linktormsorr, roultry-yard, Crank. hear St. Helens, Lancashire.

- - Telephone : No. 55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. ()num—Market Gate Chambers. ), Warrington. AUCTION Rooms—No.l Dank Street AGENT To—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Assochtion Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boiler Insurance Company, Linaed. Established 1864.

BY ORDER OF THE MORTGAGEE. To be Sold by Auction by MR. R. WHITESIDE on MONDAY, 29TH MAY, JL 1893, at 7 p.m., at the CENTRAL HOTEL, WIDNES (subject to conditions to be then produced). LOT I.—TEN DWELLING-HOUSES, Numbered 2, 4,0. 8, 10.12, 14, 16, 18, and 20, in George-et., Widnes. Gross annual rental £llO 10s. Tenure lealsehold for a term of 995 years frem the 25th March. 1871. Ground rent. £l2. LOT 2.—SEVEN DWELLING-HOUSES, Numbered I, 3, 5,7, 9, 11, grad 13, Edmund-st., Widnes, and a SHOP and HOUSE fronting Margaret-st. Gross annual rental £BB Bs. Tenure leasehold for a term of 995 years, from the 25th March, 1871. Ground rent, £lO ss. 6d. The leases may be inspect,ll at the offices of the Vendor's Solicitors, between the hours of 10 a.m. and 1 p.m., on the throe business days immediately preceding the day of sale. For further particulars apply to the Auctioneer, 5, Victoria road,Widnes, or to J. M. QUIGGIN and BROTHERS, Solicitors. Harrington-street, Liverpool.

VALUABLE FREEHOLD SHOP PROPERTY TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION BY A4R. THOMAS TIJNSTALL at the BLUE BELL 171 INN, WARRINGTON, 011 THURSDAY. the INT JUNE, 1893, at 4 for b p.m., precisely subject to conditions to be then produced : VALUABLE BUSINESS PREMISES consisting of FOUR SMOPS and DWELL' NGHOUSES being Nos. 12, 14,16 and 18, Horsemarket-st., Warrington, in the occupation of Home and Co'onial Stores, Limited, Mr. Richard Tot*, Empire Tea Company, and Mr. Jabez Plinston as tenants; and also the LARGE WAREHOUSE at the rear with an entrance from Percival's Fold also in the occupation of the above mentioned tenants. The part in the occupation of Home and Colonial Stores, Limited, is held under a lease for 21 years from Ist November, 1889. The Property is in a very advantageous position for busi- ness purposes being within a few yards of the junction of the four principal streets. For further particulars apply to Mr. WILLIAM OWEN, F.R.1.8 A. the Auctioneer or to Messrs. ROBERT DAVIES, KIRKOONNEL. DAVIES & BURGESS, Solicitors, Warrington. May, 1893.

TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By /VTR. THOMAS SUTTON, at the LioN HOTEL, WARE/NGTON, ON WEDNESDAY, the 31st MAY, 1893, at Four for Fiver:clock, subject 0 the general conditions of sale of the Manchester Incorporated Law As sociation and to special conditions to be Dim produced ; All that very desirable FARM known as Forest Farm. situate in Tanhmose-lane, in the township of Burtonwood, In the county of Larraster, c ontaining 91 acres 3 roods 10 perches statute measure or t hereabouts, lately in the oct.upts• Mon of Mr. Thomas Hewitt, and now of Mr. Israel Smith, The FARMHOUSE (which is of modern construction and suitable fora gentleman's residence) contains two entertain- ing rooms, large kitchen, dairy, and six good bedrooms. The outbuildings are commodious and convenient, including shippons for 18 cows, stabling for six horse', harness-room, coach house, cart shed', large born, two Dutch bays, proven- der and hen houses, piggeries, Ac. There are also two dwell- lug-houses on the estate, formerly used as farm houses, and two large barns away from the house. The firm is altogether very compact, and the land in an excellent state of cultivation and well drained and fenced, and with its extensive frontage to the highway leading to Collins Green, Great Sankey, and Warrington, contains some valuable building sites. The mikes and minerals are Included in the sale, sodas the property is situate in the coal field district, this affords an additional inducement for investment. For further particulars apply to the Auctioneer, Legl -st., Warrington ; Mr, J. C. Hobbs, agent, 8, King-st., Manches- ter ; or to Messrs. WIGGLESWORTH AND ROGERSON, Solicitors, Chance:7-Lane, Booth-st., Marsckester.

275000 At from 4 per cent., Trust and other Moneys, to be advanced en Mortgage In sums to suit borrowers, in any part of the country.—J. W. READER. 5, Cook-street. Liverpool.

to £l,OOO on your own security, strictly private householders and others, male or female, can obtain Loans, and repay same Ity easy instairsients. without requir- ing sureties or bonds. Cash advanced bromptly, distance no object, write for Prospectus to T. wtomiAntsox. 56, Willy/icy- st., Warrington.

A NY RESPECTABLE PERSON who is in want of money /I._ should apply to the under-meationed. Sums of £3 up- wards advanced at a few hours notice. Strictest privacy observed whsther money advanced or not. Interest and repayments at a low rate. Apply in strictest confidence. personally or by letter to:—W. 13. MOREWOOD, 60, New Cross-et., St. Helens. or 94, Widriss-road, Widnes.

A LADY HAVING CASH at her dlsposl, Is open to make Temporary Ca,h Advances of ES and upwards, In con- fidence. to respectod le housetolders, who wish to avoid the usual unpleasantness and routine of amen office; no sureties are asked for, and habitual borrowers need not apply.— Apply personally, or by letter, Idrs, MOREWOOD, 94, Widnes- road, Widnes.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH 18 ADVANCED. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO upwards on BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT BURETTES. Upwards of £70,000 now being .lent annually. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy-st., Manchester. ESTABLISHED 1870.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. mn. JOHN B. GOODWIN continue& to make ADVANCES PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respeot able Hcaseholders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS, Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written prcro Ise to pay baek.—Apply et VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (root of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGUIN at my Residence, 134. Orford-lane, any Evening from St -1 7. Applications from RUNCORN and District, generally receive precisely the same attention.

r • MONEY, MONEY, MONEY. LOANS £5 TO £5OO. May be had on day of application. If it is inconvenient to call, all letters will have our prompt attention. If you want to Start in Business. If you want to Furnis your House. If you want to Pay your Debts. If you wan to Increase your Stock. If youAs ant to Pay your Rent. Repayments to suit Borrowers. Strictest privacy guaranteed. No Bills of Sale. No Sureties. No Fines. No Loan Office routinoi—Apply to R. N. WEBBER, 8, DURNING ROAD, off Wavertree Road, EDGEHILL, LIVERPOOL. Near LONDON St NORTH-WRSTERN RAILWAY STATION.

_MONEY LENT by a PRIVATE GENTLEMAN AT A FEW HOURS' NOTICE, UPON NOTE OF HAND ALONE, Without Dank or Loan- Office Routine, From £lO to .95,0 0. To LADIES. and GENTLEMEN, HOUSEHOLDERS, and to PERSONS in receipt of a regular income or salary, without sureties. UPON NOTE OP HAND ALONE, and to assist persons into business.; also upon the security of Reversions, Life Annuities, Life Interests, Life Policies, plant, stock, shares, in town or country, without removal, also on deeds and life policies at 5 per cent. from one to 15 years. No public; Inquiries whatever, only a few hours' notice required to carry out all advances.--Apply personally or write to the actual lender. W, STEWART, Esq. 2, Cooper-street, Manchester. ALL COMMUNICATIONS STRICTLY PRIVATE, and CONFIDENTIAL. Principal can remain at- interest. No seem Hies required. No genuine application refused. Having a large surplus capital at command, all advances are granted cheaper than auy other establishments in Lan- cashire. N.B.—STRICT SECRECY OBSERVED.

- -- I)arneos, 30oitrO, eart, 800, Ztr ()N SALE, two Pony PHAETONS, in splendld condition; also three new AJexandra DRAGS highly finished.— BRYSON and JENKINS, Stanley-road, Bootle.

WAGGONETTE with strong break, to car,y,l4 passengers In very good order, cheap; also <me STA./MOP& PHAETON and aeciondhand ALEXANDRA.--SP,INx, Eriare Greet, Warring Son.

1." °OPER AND SIMMONS COACH BUILDERS, ES, SLATRR-STRRET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock to select fram. Estimates for Repairs. given free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughwns, Landaus, Victories, Wagonettes. and Plmtons. now for We or Hire.

• COLLIER'S BREAD Is prepared from CAREFULLY SELECTED FLOUR, Produced from the FINEST CALIFORNIAN Carefully made by Experienced Bakers, fe ABSOLUTELY PURE, • Wei; And delivered daily to all parts of Runcorn and Do Orders to be left at 6, Church-Bt. The Largest Trade in Town. Over 2,400 Loaves sold everi. week. WALTER COLLIER, 6, CHURCII-STREET, RUNCORN.

T 1103fAS LEA, n,,gBS, coNFEcTioNER AND WHOLESALE BREAD -- CHURCH-STREET, RUNCORN, Begs to inform his numerous patrons that he 110 just opened, as a Branch Establishment, the Shol7, 38, HIGH-STREET, RUNCORN, with high class confectionery and fancy breads. Orders will receive prompt attention.

for HE ONLY RELIABLE DISINFECTANT wrg prevention of Smallpox, Fevers, &c., Is CALEI'trA T 5 CARBOLIC ACID. The quality now adopted 0 STANDARD DISINFECTANT by the Itu,stan, British and Indian Governments. Deb Sold in Is. and Is. 6d. Bottles, 2s. 6d„ 4s, and 61.6 d., by most chemists, &c. F. C. CALVERT AND CO., MANCHESTER, Awarded 60 Gold and Silver Medals and Dfoienlo' DR. SCOTT'S BILIOUS AND LIVER The Safest Hedle—e DR. Scm's PILLS viloa' Cure Indigestion, PS'-- DR. scams pins gon• Cure Nervous PePre3 DR. scorrs PILLs _Age' Restore the DR.S ,COTT'S pus DR. SCOTT S PILLS Dystos' Strengthen thieuWrifhyo:B.l3l°4. DR. scurrs PILLS The Best Family moos, DR. scoTrs 0 plus , mild but n 1,5, nR. SCOTT'S BILIOUS AND LIVER Are wrapped in a square green package. bel.ri r name of the proprietor, W. LAMBERT 173, SeYin°`- London, W.. by post for 14 or 34 stamps.

tke the tUdj 44V QOl tern that Pols thir irig the, tier , test tent I)** ')eit legi dew fror hie 4 lan( lOg aPol tier tier the Pou he Conl app affir t noel for F Lib, eno the givi In is q ten thei age ing and for teei

SPECIAL OFFER. 12,000 A. LUSK AND CO.'S Is. TINS AT Thd. PER TIN. EXTRA QUALITY APRICOTS, 14.500 SPECIAL QUALITY 9d. TINS STEAK SALMON AT 7d. PER TIN. HENRY MILLING & GO, LTD. WARRINGTON.

CYCLES, CYCLES, CYCLES.—The largest and best selected stock of HIGH CLASS MACHINE'S, viz., Premier, St. Georges New Rapid, Excelsior, Sunbeam, Lion, the Elk, tc., ac., on view at JOSEPH S. GARLAND, BRIDGE STREET. SHOW ROOM, WARRINGTON; BRANCH—BARLESTOWN. All offered for cash at exceptionally low nrioes—or may be had on the easy payment system. Prices 5 Guineas to 20 Guineas.—See Windows. A few shop soiled Machines offered very cheap.

WILTSHIRE BACON. T. CRAMPTON FOR PALE WILTSHIRE BACON. Extra quality at reasonable prices. 10, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

PEOPLE FIND tnt's That it is not wise to experiment on cheap medicines, purporting to be Ble°“ and Cleansers, but which have no real lee; value: They are made to sell and to ale enormous fortune for the proprietors. The C. A. Vogeler CURATIVE COMPOVI49 Is a scientifically prepared, high-class Pitres; nautical preparation, the result of the enree discovery in medicine. it P°'" r°' Dyspepsia, Indigeetion, Constipation, - Biliousness, Skui Diseases Liver col, ofi Stomach Affections, Kidneyffictilt ies, Jed 1 delicaaeo Female Complains. Can always be 8110- upon, the same standard of superior exetiv o$ is invariably maintained. It acts direcru'ri6es the Liver, Stomach, and Kidneys ; a , frela the Blood and removes all illiPtirit'e Ots: the system, The dose: is 15 droPe',lo.lsl inamediately after. meals. The taste is I- it, the bottles are large, prices lost', painelY,'free and 28. ed.; from chemists, or sent thts Proprietors on receipt of. Price. THE CHARLES A. VOGELF-.- .45, Farringdon Road, r ov 8R001,_5301,11..d.1.... d Think of the millions of men, tvottleo, iinse dren in our teeming land and then regrobili Brooke, Bond Et Co. supply one out of in those myriads with Tea. THAT FAO BEST PROOF OF VALUE. WE DO NOT FEAR COMPETITI''":O37a' court comparison, for our position is IMPre' WHY? BECAUSE 101/171 we buy for " cash " and sell for "Os" on se minion pounds of Tea every year; 50 We o%o' 0 and do sell every pound for the smallest Pea Loots We deal in TEA ONLY. It is plain 101.01 firm which devotes all its attention to voie must give the Public the best possible Tea. cstabils,"ll, Our gigantic business has been - larto twenty-three years, our reputation is,;thot a, and we have altogether so much at goarSof are thus bound by the best and surest of °public tees to do the utmost possible for the for you. g WILL YOU NOW TRY TtiE TEA • j Ts' of It is sold in One-pound, Half-pound, 'leafed lii,pro pound Packets. Each is prepared and 5C ,sigllo',lo at our own Warehouses, and years our letrioo) and celebrated Trade Mark of the darrb tof or slx-pointed star. ' $ bt OUR AGENTS draw their supplies 10--e fe from us, and they sell exactly the 6°00005' the same prices as at our celebrated war 4 Iv. a/8 for 1/s., 1/2, 1/4, 1/8,.2/-, 2/4 O. tionsAo, WE ARE GLAD. to receive slginetaic trsd'er Agencies in this District from enefge rd-,04 People. Selling our Tea Is alreao ihee annuity to thousands of enterprisiog n women. I, ' BROOKE, BOND, & CO., -INOP 17, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTS:O',,DOI4>,/ AND AT LEEDS, BRADFORD, Ma) 06 Pfer collect Toy• 01°,0$ e f 00"01 ell • Oah ethi- h vie",(o „ 3 ill PC4'OO:l , ; ' P 13. tile RYLANDS. 11.0 Artlectuvto Mr. Dan Rylands, of Shepcote 00ti,se'roae";ara,3, well-known colliery owner, glass tottr,,re in i'r,ollo-no and advocate of Fair Trade, whose ie,`'",fg "he his own personal affairs was recen'tin.cLll)ooo.oc 0, attempted suicide on Tuesday morning Erstei,"o throat. Fortunatelf his design was fl,son 01;0 fee lies in a precarious condition. Since oo'rePs'io a' which in no way affects the Pehlia bee° which he Is connected, -Mr. Rytands he' pendent frame of mind. g THE TREASURE OT THE 'AI • OUDE. lel Telt :t.OO 13 STRANGE STORY OF THEiNP : The "Diggers' News," a South Afrievergesebolll,l that a man named Gleeson who was $ and 91tie5"3e• British army during the Indian MutY'Ali,"o7, IhJe-f (Pied last December, confessed to his son--Inlong d asroe Pretoria, Transvaal,that he murdered thewsis ohria and with two others stole the crown riled d!jhenv dei them. The two other looters were 1" dilegocoo,ooe war. The day after the looting the 32:sed tit!) ordered away, and the town was bathe jes'rnog'd'o enemy, so there was no t,me to secure tonoie,l, ,de, Gleeston's death, Hughes has been can.tni. the Indian Government, through the edliptieas oi $lllOO4 journal, and, as all the facts mid deser.. the 5P30,000 Hughes leaves shortly for India to stio.w, oes_e to in the treasure ew cro n i i is buried os bsuuripepdneed t oart he battlefi fellew be the famous lioh-i-ta_22 „,cO, THE IRON AND STEE-1-' 15 „,,gslo- roe of • A GREAT TRADE DEPI%I" °ate° 40 To the ,general public the practiee..nto AN it to proceadingd of the Iron and Steel Ingo- Aves, tha thernw •cig° teresting than those proceedings f V' )00 11, far easier to appreciate the stability 0 todast llore comprehend a discourse on the !iD,,s,er, material. A presidential address,la% po ticularly such a one as was delivered t tti'ApilYjgof the annual meeting of the Institate, fir'" e`;ton„., 01.deol* tion of Civil Engineers, contains info“ !,3r, "„res' I Means appeals merely to trietallurg,s,t6lbo Richards who succeeds Sir Fredericsle ariag They, prefaced'his remarks by modes SC lentieo.llo cii 00, t , plunged at once into a consideratl dor* 0.44 would be practical rather than stances associated with the great anci gloom that characterise the iro92 50$ ia3 a respects the,phreesdenectlatriemd,e. The year rst thseiroo4o doe ; have ever known thoeneproofdtiiilcetivrea°, 14,Plor'vear„iclugi:ti; having fallen off to the exteo.voioe-15 tons. Nothing, however, thate',soo, til‘3o,sts,„ott"; better idea of the extent of the deo_rxnorts olopretToilt; ment that the falling away in our u. t.' jsela machinery last year,as copared wi.t.."beat a sum of over £7,000,000. m He aFinreat ro'rea,„l4 unsatisfactory matter—namelll to° 'EfigliPi t tOO% o 0 "of f:gs the quantity of pig iron made f rTriur last year sent us not far short of 1,0 ,800,00 6,eieres which represents a production or iron, and as our total output of theetinteo d rdeWeirthrile teas, it follows that 26 per cent. e w brans di neli, ores. The snake of the well-known d . setl.oo. i A foundry iron is being largely reduc:. tei„,,:el,tict. practically ceased to raise ironstoe_fi phoseecep s, the fact Hutt immense quantities u 20 pe,r,i10040,/ stones lie at its door, depends r „liiougaoo4l, 110,415 yield upon ores raised more than a v„.nd, vc'sre I rcli,ro, and even Lancashire and CumbeT hand, dhelo,ood6 ores of the highest quantity close _8 „ht Mr%lutitr.9s 0110 more and more to Spain This bi""that a consideration of the qUestion :S1 00111 b .voesio tam its its present output much lonag _%er th,"loadee 17rOgrgpite on the spot he was disposed toeprii the negative despite the rec also be tcr calcination of the spa.thic ores, an ent io ditls e POI that large deposits await develop 'th „be hood of Seville, and in the south.a fropetate;ed;vitc, „„ could ticipation disposed of Spain aS v e o it 5 f pounded the further question : s'_ratitee, .0 0000 0 1 upon our home mines? In this i s'olo.szo!e/0 tory to knew, his answer NVa5 !II? many n, 411, 16 affirmative. After dealina• with coneta.wo7,ofrool'o, technical nature, the President, ,jawork ra 603,:aer0.,t1' the fact that there is not enouga nuntrYt ~e 'eon,/ fromthestee beingi-praebdleuctio a ng indicatepo wer ofn v.tshiaes tntifafta_t,u,i•ttar:o_t,e4,o,;l ment, declared somewhat 1/70511.111, and Ern' t 07asafil 11,:'0„ preSr sitse,u, trs rnable blessing, hope," i• all the . have to sustain them.—A,hong s .14, Frederick Abel, Sir Lawthian Belhe's of pege I'los Mr. W. H. White. The contribut2woday,i meetin,v,which were resumed on I,:tioeittie dr Stead, Mr. E. 11. Saniter, 41040 f Head, and Professor Bober of 9.0. A ii'i„titt°,; d Prl nllO NOTIOB.—Not one trect..l,tstea both sexes with wreciced Anna nu for advice free when suffering twat bior - rest. Pin'P'..!,,,ter,;fred_ lyve jairkliymroersit.o3raednatocsortltaztiaandsgroud.abrtiestwslbelei:ll4,97s:

otiaB Act 722, 'CI Sto jt 9 40, 101 l Bar Ilays t• ir 011, dttg 5 ssir lo• la guild • Bi 4 84710 u 4 40,1 443, E Car grind CO, 4 22, Col 78,8 Cr 11,e 11 38, ouiad ✓und, Bar 1 10 0046 . Bee 1022 Bcll 40. Vitt al 52, days 1,5j4 1! day, only. eADto, Cla 2 40. Got 47, . Ito; 29, 818. dla 8, llla days Lab ID 48 08.' I 58, aa 12 e 18,6 844,4 io LoI txe,1)011111 Lon sp. 40atu Mai 04, fittna,, 401! 8111 35, '3 kid 4100 11„ 10 is, 840, 6 843 3 rsadl , Pre. o 28, , St, 2c, Sp, 81 o Thal o 2 8,8. Wirt, 05 52 QB4ll' 2 8, 111, 8 18. 2 4383

MAN T -IE4I d

ESTABLIMIED 1851. BIRKBECK BANK, Southampton Buildings. Chancery Lane, Loodon. TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed on DEPOSITS, ri-payable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT . ACCOUNTS, on the minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lOO. STOCKS. SHARES, and ANNUITIES purchased and sold SAVINGS DEPARTMENT. For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small sums , on deposit, and allows Interest monthly on each completed LI. BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR Two GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER mown'. The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full pnrtioolsixo. rost free FRANCIS RANENSCROFT, Manager.

How Lost! How Regained Invaluable Itemazks for Young and Middle- Aged Men. - THE - CIENCP ' OF tiny " KNOW THYSELF. Or SELF-PRESERVATION. A little work in brief am NERVOUS and PHYSICAL DEBILITY, ERRORS off YOUTH, EXHAUSTED VITALITY, PREMATURE DEW- CLINE, and all ACQUIRED DISEASES, and WEME- NES SES OF MAN, their CAUSE and CURE. FIVE Mirquvrs spent in the perusal of this little book villl teach the reader more than five days spent in any book: written on this subject, because the books written on thiv subject are so full of mystery, what with Latin phrases and: fancy words, that it is impossible for anyone to make any sense of them, excepting those who have had really a first- class education; and they are but little understood by any excepting the persons who wrote them. This little work will be found brief, precise at void of unnecessary reading,and will meet fully withthe requirements of the timesinasmuch as it is extracted _ , „ FOOLS , from the book writ- ALL SHOULD READ IT. If there is no cause for treatment it should prove a safeguard to the inexperienced and instructive to the WISE; consequently IT CONCERNS YOU and will be sent you tin. der COVER and SEALED, for Three Penny Stamps. Address—ClMA:Vs LABORATORY, Bradford, Yorkshire, Anvrcu FREE EY LETTER. ADVT. CorY FIGHT

EGRATEFUL PPS'S COMFORTING. 131UEAKFAST OE SUPPER C 0 C 0 A BO:LING WATER OR MILK

TIIE LADIES' TRUE FRIEND! A BOOM TO WOMAN-KIND 11 1- A DlES—read this, and you will obtain particulars „IA or the most MIRACULOUS MEDICINE for all Irregularities and Obstructions ever introduced. to the Public. You may have tried Pills, Powders, useless recipes and other advertised so-called remedies, and al/ in vain. THOUSANDS OF Females have been relieved, Health restored, and DOCTORS' DILLS SAVED by this Medicine, which is the only yea/ and RELIABLE REMEDY of the Age. Perfectly harmless and WONDERFULLY EP- FECTUAL. Stamped addressed envelope for Price List and copies of Testimonials, which are guaranteed. genuine, under a Penalty of £l,OOO open to inspec- tion and investigation. This Remedy has been TRIED AND PROVED BY THOUSANDS. THE HICIEST REWARD OF MERIT IS CONTINUED POPULARITY. W. E . DAS MA IL. Walthamstow. (Est. issl.) (Entered at Stationers' Hall).

\v/ ASTHMA AND BRONCHITiS CURED. THOUSANDS TESTIFY. ta4 1L- THE RIGHT RON. THE EARL OF SHANNON writes : —" Your remedy instantly relieves and cures Asthma and Bronchitis. I have recommended It to people In England as sub, I well as over here." Da. Lawroa, M.D., Middleton, writes:—" I have had rereated opportunities of seeing the action of Er. Vaughan's prep.ration for Asthma and Bronchitis. I can bear testimony to its great value as a curative agent. I would strongly re- commend it to any person suffering from Asthmatic affec- tions.—M. LAwroN, %E. I)." For particulars write— D. VAUGHAN. LANGFORD TERRACE. CORK, IRELAND.

What ! Corns ? YeSia Then use ALLOUDEVS COMI PF2OTEECT. They Pelieye at once— but get

MANUFACTURERS OF DECORATIVE AND ART FURNITURE.

G S.E R JOHNSON. CABINET MAKERS & UPHOLSTERERS 411110,11111"1"1111tafirilirifianlill ' " • ~•.&.7 BY PATH.

fro

IN HAIMISOII SWIFT GOLD MEDAL L... NE MI ITS Stockings, Clothing in Wool, Silk, or Cotton. Nets 761. per Poet. TOM PHANT A WARBat kllB. The only WINNEII in the WORLD of 15001.1 Medal.. A lee Makers of the SUN Feels leseStocktsq Bibb°, Branch Office, 77. Oaronn St.. I.orreoir.—Tnie HARRIS.II KNITTING MACHINE Co. Works, 48, Uk•PBB. BitOOK ST., .111ANCLIESIKA.

I CURE FITS. AND TO PROVE IT 6 6 r will GIVE A BOTTLE of my Remedy for Nothing, so 1. that Sufferers may have an opportunity of testing the truth of what I fearlessly state." Because others have failed to cure you is no reason why you should continue to suffer. Send at once for my TREATISE and a FREE BOTTLE of medicine. It costs you nothing for a trial, and IT WILL CURE! Address: Mr. iff. GI. ROOT, 28, Endsleigh Gardens, Euston Road, LONDON, N.W

FRANCIS MORTON AND COMPANY LIMITED, HAMILTON IRON WORKS, GARSTON, near Liverpool, Invite Inquiries and Reference to their NEW CATALOGUE,

A WONDERFUL MEDICINE, BEECHAM'S PILLS ARE universally admitted to be worth a Guinea a Box for BiHods and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fullness and Swelling after Meals, Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings ot Heat, Lose of Appetite, Shortness 0! Breath, Costiveness, Scurvy and Blotches on the Skin, Dia- turbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb- ling Sensations, dec. The first dose will give relief in twenty minutes. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try one Boxed these Pills, and they will be acknowledged to be WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. For females of all ages these Pills are invaluable, as a ea doses of them carry off all humours, and bring about all that is required. No female should be without them. There is no medicine te be found equal to Beecham's Pills for removing any obstruction or irregularity of the system. If taken ac- cording to the directions given with each box, they will soon restore females of all ages to sound and robust health. This has been proved by thousands who have tried them, and found the benefits which are ensured by their ure. For a Weak Stomach. Impaired Digestion, and all Disorders of the Liver, they act like magic; and a few doses will be found to work wonders on the most ireportant organs in the human machine. They strengthen the whole muscular system. restore the long lost complexion, bring hack the keen edge of appetite, and arouse into action with the rosebud of health the whole physical energy of the human frame. These are K.A.C.ra testified continually by members of all classes of society, and one of the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debilitated is, BEECHAM'S PILLS have the Largest Sale of axe Patent Medicine in the World. • BEECHAM'S MAGIC COUGH PILLS. As a remedy for Coughs in general. Asthma, Bronchi Affections, Hoarseness, Shortness of Breath. Tightness and Oppression of the Chest, Wheezing, Bto., these Pills stand un ' rivalled. They are the beat over offered to the public, and will speedily remove that sense of oppression and difficulty of breathing which nightly deprive the patters of rest. Let any person give BEECHAM'S COUGH PILLS a trial, and the most violent Cough will in a short time be removed. Prepared only, and Sold Wholesale and iletall, by the Pro prietor, Thomas Beecham. St. Helens, Lancashire, in Boxes 90., is. ltd. and Is. 9d. each. ' Sold by all Druggists and Patent Medicine Dealers every where. N.B.—Full directions are given sr:th each box.

FENCING AND GATE DEPARTMENT. F. M. 8c Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE 8: IRON FENCES now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad, is being continually Improved upon to meet extended repirements, and complete informa- tion is supplied on application. RAIL! Nat..:: FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, b. ORNAMENTAL HIGH-CLASS TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, liagsions, Villas &c. STRONG FIELD GATES, FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS, &c.. • HURDLES NETTING AND AND TREE GUARDS. WIRE WORK. 44:cr)17.*`721=1K7111.7. k"'D c 77; BAR IRON FENCING, Fitted with F. M. & Co's Self-Locichig Joint. LONDON OFFICE 17, VICTORIA ST., Westminster, S.W.

£7 CUSHION. £8 10s. PNEUMAII9 IVES. LATEST PATTERN. Every Machine AJAX -4 GUARANTEED. Illustnited Lists Free. M, HAYNES SWTH, 7, Strath a I la n Terrace, Do wan h,ll, GLASGOW,

JUNO CYCLES. THEVE• _EST, ILLUSTRATED LISTS POST FREE. Jim 0 0., Front EASY '' ' - ~..: ' ''''"( t,,r6,. Dri,..er and improved "S - _T *1 jitNit .iglit road.ter,long Base TERm ~;v.,. _ ..-k r , tnifetiee. JU.sb Lady's Safety and Youth's •.- \/ ~ , 1 "....„ ' Safety. JUNO (g ~,, ( -' ' \ / (4_ Tricycle passesfOidiri 28In. . :----'' ‘„, ._ : / ....di eloor. Pnematio,Cush• v • -'.`",.. .;,;'7"t ~..41r ion, and Solid Tyres. CASH DIS 10%& CARRIAGE PAID •+,..T1 ea/ POST 14 •0, 60 patterns. 28 iSneciomnind-ehnasnedvalnaectyhi.nes Repairs. Estimates Free, METROPOLITAN MACHINISTS' CO., LTD. 75 and 76, Eishopsgate Without, London, E.C. N.E.—E, erg JUNO guaranteed.

TRADE (1—) ° \ A ONCE •- - ',..cßEmoiD." r.. ------ o .4 A ) kl4cl • MARK. Is the most genuine preparation ever manufactured for Calf 'tearing. ANALYST'S REPORT. Feb. 28th. 1887. Society of Chemical Industry. (Manchester Section). I have chemically and microscopically examined Messrs. Crosby ant s.,ne °remold " Calf Meal. I find it to contain alburnininonssubstancea which are necessary to build up the tissues f lbs aoimal system. The Meal also contains a considerable muml of oil, with carbl-hydrates, which tend to the production of fat. Nearly one-Is jr. of the ash is made up of phoespliste of lime (thi4, I need not say, is one of the chief constituents of bones.) From the examina- tion of this Meal, I eonsider it an admirable food for tile fattening ot calves, as tire Meal contains all the elements for the building up of the flesh and bones of the animal body. (Signed.) J. CARTER BELL, A.n.s.m., P.I.C. County Analyst. 11ic PRICE ICS. PER a‘• 0-CIVT LOTS, 16S. 6D. Carriage paid to any Station. CROSBY AND SONS, CORN MILL, RUNCORN.

r t Wixa- SOOTHI POWDERS, OR CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN OSE OVER FIFTY YEARS.

"JOHN STEEDMAN, CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY." is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

AIRY MEDICINE CHEST, WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and " reduced to a more simple form. Take some good compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOTJS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious com- partments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Obsover. cocKLEis FREE FROM MERC (7.1? Y. ANTIBILIo US 01 PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. PILLS. FOR BILE. LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

__., VENoyi‘ ,-. EA __ \ \ „ \ , . ..., ' c'''''. \,\ '..''''-'-'' \ k ig, 2/ Supreme in Quality, \ ~i''.- , \ N'k \ Unique in Flavour. U. 2/4 pol‘ \\ perib. ‘‘, - _.---- +,-_-_------ , ~,,,-;;-1-.-c.:'‘,‘ ,:,\ '‘,Cs' O'''‘, •:, ~ \ \ \, ,CV C, ig ~.,45. , - -"-- • -,.,,,k-ith -a ," -.- ~,,,'"- -....''.7•A'' \\+,\.. . \ . f,,,,,,--0‘16.1‘ *.\ \ 'Ce.".3" 4,;,,,e'... \,• i 44.,* 1,"; /, - ''''. ~,,...- : ---' .ff•-• . \ \ . ,:,::. ',S,' ; k kkt, s.. j;,; // * X A (..,, /:,,,,, ~ - ..., .- ~ , ..„, ~,, • \\ \ ,-, ANS,- ," 7 , \14,137-60;8,/,///A:).:4 - ' J.l • . „, /..- -,, 4':. ', -,e-'<;: A, / Sold by the leadinj 7 /10, , /4/0., , ,„---- ~,.:,..**4oo-"' A Rest for the tired, GROCER In each \ \ ‘.,/,w ~, „.41.,_ -4,. tv,,.. A Joy for the Strong. district \ \--- osoz,l°' •,...,t, ~.-., GI TOO AOl PACKETS. . '4'-dliit., . ",.4,,,.. VENOYA TEA. EVERYBODY CAN GET IT FROM:— A. E. A. SMITH— 130WDON—HOUSEHOLD STORES surroN OAK BLAIR AND Co. Buttermarket-street (corner of CO., Oxford-Rd. ST. HELENS M. BOHAN. Academy-street) ; and 41, Win- CROFT ...JAMES UNSWORTH, JUN. TILSTON J. WILLETT. wick-street, WARRINGTON. EARLESFOWN T. MOLYNEUX. TATTENHALL G. MORGAN 31, Mersey-road, WIDNES; AND MIDDLEWICH ... ...... W. RIMSEY. TRANMERE...M. A. BURGFSS & 36, Market-st., EARLESTOWN. MARPLE W. BRADBURY. CO., 28, Church-Rd. ACTON BRIDGE ...A. C. MOULTON ROCK FERRY...W HOPKINSON, WIDNES R WEBSTER BErTESFIELD, Near Whitchurch 98, 98, Bedfoid-Rd. WIGAN H. LITELERLAND. J. L HUXLEY. LIVERPOOL ... GENERAL SUPPLY ASSOCIATION, 17, COLQUITT-STREET. List of Local Agents now completing, and will be published here revularly. Applications for the few remaining vacancies to be addressed to the Proprietors of " VENOYA " TEA, 19 and 20, Camomile-street, London, E.G Only one Agent, who must be a leading Grocer, will be appointed for each neighbourhood.

:SM. . --- - .. . . 4. :72rfilLfr:::r11:114711-:,...6:;:./1:firt.::::.:::+'.:1':471.11.:.: ' A-""•(,.13.„1-fj,°'"M .`5'..1k9- I) //7/9,il', ' f'')._ •.. -9;,, <P2 -7\ \ • .1 Aus?v;titz3 . .14 t(0... , 1 ~!'ll7il tt • a ... -.. e. .•-:y'F;) ....E- .; ~.. e •,_...; '', .t./.. .:. •1" L \-- ~,,,sm. w.--,-... / 1 r t f;,,.. ~ ‘ i tr• - ~.;;.,..-ms t;i: ~.ii , /_.. "3"/'49%; e.:',' :I?.:.;:.'''''.':-.fr--I.' .:-= '':•,-,4 '—'l4. ' .alo.':,:I t''''''' ". 4: 't%' ;.•-- 7:17 . 'P' ''''''r. ' 14; i''' , ';' A.— k..ti , ‘,... ;v...11 •.;•••. ~,,,.. .„..,..11,._ --...: „-..tRc..4; ii i.--.. :, /,A, ..."---- • • t..:..-. 8 = . : ---is— ~, /5- ... . ... •.. l' ...'.•- - - f - tt _. ...• _. _ .4._ a - - ....-•-• ... .04 , • ‘ 'eh. • . , - . • • - ' - . . . O. 10 . . .(NN .4 ( .141111,105111°..„,.... ._•,O-' 0. . - ..,ct.v- , igi.....- — WE] MBROCATION

. w ' 4 0. s- , , NI , PU 0. k;- • 4 1R is f,-, , i A 0, k .t 1/4:, f• I A '4.. E i . IRISH LINEN ' IRISH CAMBRIC POCK ET HANDKERCHiEFS IRISH LINEN Guaranteed all pure flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11j- per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. IRISH LINEN Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars, 5/6 per dozen; made special to pattern, 8/6 Fittings, per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen 3/9. 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH LINEN . IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yards square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 4p. per yard. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 11 per yard SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/8 per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SUMMER AND 1 EVENING WEAR. IRISH LINEN IRISH TWEED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for strength, Durability, j and Style. Please say if for Ladies' or Gents' wear. IRISH LINEN Patterns Free by Return of Post. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. ..,. s HUTTON &CO LARNE BELFAST, „7:.: . 3 5

1 . 'S PILLS & OINTMENT Are acknowledged by all to be Tie: Best Medicines for Family Use. MANUFACTURED ONLY AT 781 NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON. And Sold by all Medicine Vendors throughout the World. Advice Gratis, at the above address, daily, between the hours of 11 and 4, or by lettet.
