===== 0002601_18930211_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
REGISTERED FOB TRANSMISSION ABROAD

MPIRE THEATRE OF VARIETIES, SANKEY- STREET, W ARRINGTON. SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT of the great YANKEE, H ENRI CARNEY, Comedian, vocalist and Dancer. Two LOYALS, Comic Acrobats and Musical Clowns, PAUL VANDY, Juggler and Equilibrist. PETE BRADIE, Negro Comedian. TISSIE EDGAR. SAM RIDGWAY and ANNIE ST.

PIEHIIIE (The Female Sank ey).' Time and prices kIS usual.

LION HOTEL ASSEMBLY ROOM, WARRINGTON.

l\/lONS. ROSETTI,

(Pupil of the Renowned PADEREWSICI), Ras the honour to announce that he will give a

PIANOFORTE RECITAL

in the shove room. on TUESDAY EVENING, FEB. 21ST, 1893. ISIRQ Assisted by the following artistes a- -- YOL AND BRAM LEY. SOPRIIio ; MR. MEWBURN LUVIEN, BARITONE; AND MR. R. H. PEARSON, VIOLIN. 8 ACCOMPANIST, MR. W. 11. PAYTON. A e-"ved Dress Seats, Is.; Reserved Seats, 2s. ; Back Seats,ls. Doors open at 7.30; Concert at 8; Carriages at 10. pxf,B PLAN of Reserved Seats will be opened at Mr. Warehouse, 10, Bold-st., on MONDAY, .6,Ftsi'a°l'l:B sicl3tMh". Piano,supplie,l by Mr. R. H. Pearson,will be used.

ThAr) AGRIPPIN. TRADE A Itil l'L MARK. '4o(it wonderful discovery in Medicine, because it is a

CERTAIN CURE for any of the following disorders : INFLUENZA, ERYSIPLAS, INFLAMATION OF ANY KIND. *THBRIA, DI AIIRIREA., BLOOD POISONING, I'OMITING, AND PURGING. SCARLET FEVER,

or any rash. Child, or anyone who is hot and feverish, any UtiPerson with SKIN DISEASE, COLDS. COLE aint„rie HEAD, ITCHING, BITES OF ANIMALS, 'l4. HEAD-ACHE. ly recommended for BRONC HITIS. DROPSY, '4ALLPDX, SORE LEGS, and TYPHOID FEVER. This Patent Medicine is prepared only by

T. FORSTER, 801 EARLESTOWN. LANCASHIRE. ci 406. EIBRY, Grocer, St. James-street, Latchford.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
NO. 722.

ST. ANN'S CHURCH, WAr""- - The ANNUAL PA Tile 1 tt

===== 0002601_18930211_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
priCe feettl6 bteeti

===== 0002601_18930211_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
,WOI,I • All •000

,tre a 3-ro ot:-'

===== 0002601_18930211_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
wILL BUY or EXCHANGE Curios, Diamonds, 013 Gold and Silver ; highest prim—JACKSON. Pawn- broker. 71. Oxford at., Manchester.

RUNCORN IMPROVEMENT COM MiIiSIONERS.

RIPE! TRIPE! CHIP POTATOES.

O) to TOM PLATT'S, 24, BRIDGE STREET, EAELES- TOWN, for not,cl Tripe ; fresh daily, His Chip potatoes cooked in pure lard, by patent machinery, are a speciality, and can be relied upon.

T. Purr is also prepared to supply in any quantity Neatsfoot oil, and English tallow.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
E IGRATIoN.

TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD. Intending emigrants to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, San Fransiseo, Canada, China, Japan, Australia, or New Zealand, should ta.ke tickets (lowest rates) attbe "Examiner" Office, Warrington, by GUION. AMERICAN, AUSTRA- LIAN, ORIENTAL, and other lines.

_JOHN WA.AKER. ANT, "EXAdIINBR" OFFICE BRWSRY-ST.. WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURDAY, FEBRUIRY 11, 1893.

HOME MADE SAUSAGES.

MO LYNEUX'S IPOME-MADE HIGH CLASS

PORK SAUSAGES.

Made from Pork Slaughtered on own Premises.

ALSO BIOLYNNUICS BEEF & PORK SAUSAGES.

These will be found to agree with those that find all Pork too rich.

Everyone should try ttweee EXCELLENT SAUSAGES (both kinds), to ascertain which are most suitable for them.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
&hipping gotirts.

ALSO HOME-MADE

PORK PIES

AND BRAWN

CHINA TEAS.

Tea it lei Sir Andrew Clarke. For years, whenever my Customers have asked me for a Mild Tea, I have advised the Pure. old Fashioned China which I keep, and the advice has been appreciated. It is very satisfactory to them that such an eminent authority as Sir Andrew Clarke, the London Physician, corroborates opinion. Here is an extract from en interesting lecture, delivered by Sir Andrew the other day, to the Students of the London Hospital: "Tea is a blessed beverage. Ido nOt know what I should do without it. But there is tea and tea, an one of the teas I have in my mind is the representation of all that is physiologically wicked. Igo about town a good deal holding consulta- tions here and there, and about five o'clock, when I get into a place, the lady of the house will say to me : 'Sir Andrew, you look tired, do let me give you a cup or tea.' I say 'thank you very much.' But the tea has stood for half-an-hour, and she remarks, '1 know you do you not like it strong, Sir Andrew. and she then pours about a tablespoonful of the tea into a cup ; and tills thecup up with water. Now I call it positivecruelty to give tea like that to anybody. and I hope you, gentlemen, I will always set your face against it. Tea, to be useful, should be first of air Black China Tea ; the Indian Tea which is being cultivated has become so powertul in its effects upon the nervous system that a cup of it taken early in the morning, as many do, so disorders the nervous system that those who take it actually get into a state of tea intoxication, and it produces a form of nervous disturbance, which is most painful to witness. If you want to have, either for yourselves or for your patients, tea which will not injure and which will refresk, get Black China Tea, putting in the right measure—the old fashioned teaspoonful for each person and one for the blessed pot. Then pour on briskly boiling water, and within five minutes you must pour it off again, or it will become wicked instead of good?' Such is Sir Andrew Clarke's opinion and advise. A few words of warning, however, are necessary to those who have for- gotten what this old fashioned tea is like. The colour of the tea after it is brewed will be found to be much paler than that now in use, and the taste may not be acceptable at first owing to its apparent insipidness ; but if its use is persisted in, it will very soon be found to be much more suitable for the system, and if, in a week to two after its use, a trial is again made of the kind now in ordinary use, you will wonder however you could have been using it,and you will endorse Sir Andrew's statement. This old fashioned China Tea, as recommended by Sir Andrew Clarke, can be obtained now, as always or the last 35 years, at,

THOMAS MOLYNEUX HOUSEHOLD STORES, 37, 39, 41, MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN.

LADIBS ! THIS NOR YOW TO BRAD.

Rocurs HERBAL EMBROCATION.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

BY POST is. 70. per Quarter, 6s. 6d. per Annum, in advance is. 9d. per Quarter, credit.

DAY, SON, AND HEWITT'S

"ORIGINAL" AND CRI:RBRATRD

LAMBING AND CALVING,

REMEDIES.

THE STOCR-BREEDER'S ANCHOR 0:- SAFETY,

THE GASEOUS FLUID. Cures Paining in Bad Calving and Lambing. Cures Low Condition. Debility, and Hoven. Cures Colic, S our, Spasms, and Dian ham. Cures Coughs, Colds, and Loss of Appetite. Price is. 95. per bottle; 20s.p- r dozen boxes. THE RED DRENCH. For Cleaning after Lambing and Calving. For Hide-bound, Red Water, and Yellows, For Chills, Fevers, and Stomach Cleansing. For Preventing Milk Fever aryl Dropping. Price 3s. 65. per doz. (Ewes) ; 136. per doz. (Cows). THE CHEMICAL EXTRACT, For Anointing In Critic ICalving and Lambing. For Killing all Pain and Preventing Heaving. For all Sores. Wounds, and Swollen Udders. For Sore Throats. Strains, Cuts and Bruises. Price 25.65., 3s. 6d.. and 7s. i.er Bottle. The " GASEODYNE," for Extreme Pain in Cattle and Sheep, Blown Cattle, Violent Scour, and Colic of the worst type ; also Excessive Pain in Cows and Ewes during partu- rition. Price 3s. 6d. per bottle. The above and many othe s, with " Kim TO FARRIERY," from the world-renowned STOCK-BREEDER'S MEDICINE CHEST. Price. complete, £2 165. 65.

ROYAL ANIMAL MEDICINE MANUFACTORY. 22, DORSET-STREET, LONDON, W. Established nearly 60 Years.

N.B.—Gratuitous advice given by our Mr. T. G. HEWITT. M.R.C.V.S., London.

RICHARD F ORSHAW

COLLINS GREEN BREWERY,

NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS.

XXX. AND STOUT

SPECIAL BITTER

SPECIAL STOUT

MILD ALE

XX. ALE

COMPLETE PRICE LISTS ON APPLICATION.

NOTE TIIE ADDRESS.

UNSWORTR BROS.'

GREAT

WINTER SALE,

COMMENCING FEBRUARY Ilra.

£5,000

WORTH OF CLOTHING.

HOSIERY, SHIRTS,

HATS, CAPS, &c.

plellAßD TUFT (late Cower), 14,1 Holum- XII" MA REM '-BT., and 6, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON WHOLESALE TOBACCONIST and CIGAR IMPOSTER, Meerschaum, Wood, and Clay Pipes, Walking Stieksotc.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
ENTIRE STOCK REDUCED!

2s. to ss. In the round oft.

24, 26, 47, & 49, HIGH-STAHEL

RUNCORN.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
SEND FOR CATALOGUE.

DANCING SEASON, 1893.

DRESS SHIRTS 4/6, 5/6. 6/6, 7/6, THE LATEST (2 studholes) 4s. 6d.. 6s. 6d. " SPECIALITE" with Detachable Cuffs, 6s. 6d. EXTRA CUFFS Is. per pair. DRESS GLOVES (2 Buttons) Is. 6d. 18. lid.. 21. 9d., with silk Fourchettes, specially ventilat:ad, 2s. 9d. DRESS BOWS

IN ALL THE LATEST SHAPES. DRESS COLLARS, STUDS, HANDKER- CHIEFS, and ENIBROIDERED SOCKS in great variety. PAUL, THE PRINCIPAL HOSIER, 69, BRIDGE-ST., WARRINGTON. Two doors from Lion Hotel.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
IRONMONGERY! IRONMONGERY!

WII. LAWSON 57, HARKET-ST., EARLESTOWN. GENERAL IRONMONGER, WHOLESALE CABINET MAKER, SANITARY AND DOMES- TIC ENGINEER. Tin, copper, and ironplate worker, and general copper smith. BRASS FURNISHING, in all its branches, under- taken. Brass. Iron, and Steel castings supplied frota Customers' own patterns or to order. CYCLES CAREFULLY REPAIRED AND REPAINTED, INVENTOR AND PATENTEE OP THE LAWSON LIME-LIGHT APPARATUS. Note the address :- 57 MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN.

BRAND & C 0.13 BEEF &DILLON.

A MOST NUTRITIOUS AND INVIGORATING}

BEVIIIIAGB. Made by the Simple Addition of Boiling Watt

At a Cost within the reach of U. 11. LITTLE BTANIIOPE-BT..3IAYIAIE. W.

GEDDES'S DANDELION C OFF EE

The beet and cheapest ever offered to the Public.

Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 5d., 10d.„ and ls. 8d each.

Wholesale by J. GEDDES & SON. WarringtOD.

CHEAP COAL.

_ BANK QUAY COAL DEPOT

8d percwt.

_ T. HALTON & CO.,

COAL MERCHANTS, FACTORY LANE COAL YARD.

10dpr cwt.

CASH. 8d per owt.

WARRINGTON.

Ilodprowt. iBLIVERY

NOTE.-'

WINTE.

:R paiolls . IMMEDIATE D

THE WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANY, LTD. (Late John Nunnerley and Co., Ltd.), BUILDERS' MERCHANTS. ARPLY STATION. WARRINGTON, VELINHELL PENRHYN, AND CARNARVON SLATES. CEMENT, LIME, BELIE PIPES, FIRE BRIMS, TILES. and every other kind of Builders' Materials kept in stock at our Arpley Wharf. or sent by road, rail, or vessel to any Town or Port in ti e Uaited Kingdom. SOLE AGENTS for the RUGDY PORTLAND CEMENT CO. Telephone Na. 19. Telegraphic Address: " Arplev," W'gton

- •

•

===== 0002601_18930211_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

" INDUSTRY must prosper," as the man said when tolding the baby while his wife chopped wood. WHEN is a lighted candle like a tombstone ? When it is set up for a late husband. "WHY is the letter d like a ring ?" asked a young lady of her lover, who was as dull as the generality of .his sex in such a situation. ".Because," added the damsel, with a modest look, "we can't be WED without it." A GENTLEMAN, on being asked what he had for dinner, replied—" A lean wife roasted, and the ruin of man for sauce." What did his dinner consist of? Of course you give it up, and here's the answer— A spare rib and apple-sauce. A LONDON auctioneer has undertaken to "knock down" Ben Nevis, the highest mountain in all Scotland. A GENTLEMAN, when recently married, said, in had grammar, to the officiating clergyman (a con- firmed wit), "I think I have wiqe."—" Yes (replied the other), undoubtedly you have done wise or cther- wise. "

A BUCK, while being measured for a pair of boots, observed : "Make them cover the calf." "Heavens !" exclaimed the astounded shoemaker, imrveying his customer from head to foot, "I have not leather enough." "Miss, will you take my arm?'—" La ! yes, and you too."—" Can only spare the arm, Miss," hastily replied the bachelor. "Then," said Miss, I can't take it, as my motto is to go the whole hog, or none at all." "I HOPE to live to see the day," said Lord Brougham, "when every peasant in England can understand Bacon." "His lordship," replied Cobbett, "had much better hope to see the day when every peasant will be able to eat bacon." THE Dutchman who refused to take a one-dollar bill because it might be altered from a ten, prefers stage travelling to railroads. The former, he says, rides him eight hours for a dollar, while the latter only rides him one. Dee beeples can't aheat him. A LADY thought it would look interesting to faint away at a party the other evening. One of the party began bathing her head and temples with rum, when the lady exclaimed—" For heaven's sake, put nothing on that will change the colour of my hair." WHAT is called by chemists an Evaporating Dish Is the pigeon pie-dish which you take down with you to Epsom, and which, the moment you place it on the ground, evaporates immediately ; more especially if there are any gypsies, or Ethiopian serenaders hanging about your carriage.—Punch.

%HERE may be seen at the present time, in Alfreton, a placard from a tailor, who, in calling the attention of the public to the fact that he intends commencing a clothes club, assures all whc may favour him by becoming members, of having "good charges and a very moderate article." A YOUNG lady who wore spectacles, exclaimed in a voice of sentimental enthusiasm, to a young ploughman who was walking on the road, " Doe you, air, appreciate the beauty of that landscape? Oh see.those darling sheep and lambs skipping about!' —"Them ain't sheep and lambs, themes hogs, miss." _ _

WE all "look down" on somebody. The man ol bullion looks down on the shopkeeper, the shop- keeper on his clerks ; the clerks turn up their noses at mechanics, while mechanics arp above associating with hod-carriers ; seamstresses won't associate with servant girls; servant girls won't speak to flower-girls, while the flower girls think it "low and wulgar " to speak to the little hussies who keep the crossings clean. Who the latter "look down' on we have not heard, though there is no doubt that they consider themselves "far above somebody. AN OPTICAL ILLUSION.—Some years ago, an optician of this city made a glass eye of the propel size, filled it with distilled water, and put therein a small ell. A gentleman of subtle wit, now a dia. tinguished advocate on the wrong side of the temperance question, saw the bauble, was struck an idea, purchased it, and departed. Shortly afterwards, the public were running down Park Row, somewhere, to see "a horse with a snake in its eye," the greatest wonder of the age. Money plentifully to the camp, and the show went on came bravely until the optician inadvertently mentioned the glass eye, and then the whole affair collapsed. —New York Tribune. THE LAST WORST.—An idea of the extremely low degree to which puns have recently sunk may be inferred from the fact that a friend of ours did not hesitate, in speaking of Louis Napoleon, tt affirm openly, before a. crowd of shuddering auditors, that the French people would soon repent the error which they had committed in setting up such a bad precedent WHAT MAY BE MADE OF A NAME.—A gentle- man called Anketil Gray had occasion for a certifi• gate of his baptism, the church being known; but on searching the register no such name could be found. Some mistake was presumed therefore, not in the entry, but in the recollection of the parties, and other registers were searched without success. At length the first register was again referred to, and then upon a closer investigation, they found him entered as Miss Ann Kettle Grey. —The Doctor. A PUZZLED lIIISHMAN.—MT. O'Flaherty under- took to toll how many were at a party :—" The two Crogans was one; meself was two; Mike Finn Was three, and—and—who the deuce was four? Let me see (counting his fiagers)—the two Crogans was one, Mike Finn was two, meaelf was the—and— bedad I there was four of us; but Saint Patrick couldn't tell the name of tke other. Now it meself that has it. Mike Finn was one, the two Crogans was two, myself was three—and—and— by my sowl, I think there was but three of us either all." "THE BOOTS AT THE SUN."—A commercial gentleman, during his sojourn lately at the Sun Hotel, was a good deal struck by the activity and zealous attention show. by " Boots " to his various requirements, and, in the course of a little familiar chat, took occasion to inquire his name. "My name," said the functionary, "is comprised of seven letters : but take the first two away, and there will remain eight." For the information of those readers who know nothing of the Sam Weller of the Sun, we may state that his name is " Speight." —Ulverstone Advertiser. END OF THE DROUGHT.—Mrs. Swieshelrn thus commences a leading article in her Pitsburgli Advertiser—" Thank heaven for the return of the mud, the soft mud—black, yellow, or red, no matter what • colour, every hue of the comfortable old-fashioned mud is welcome, doubly welcome, after its long absence. It tells that the late flinty earth, like the hard and stony. i heart of a sinner, has been reached by the Divine Influence. It sat last melted into sympathy for the sorrcirs of the pow—has relented and opened her bosom to her shivering children, who for a time were cast off, and whose tears full, unheeded, upon her stony breast. The mud, the welcome mud, is her promise to supply their wants, is the sign of her return to her maternal duties." HABITS OF THE NICE YOUNG MAN.—Attends evening parties, and hands the muffins round.— Smiles if he burns his fingers with the kettle.— Plays the flute.—Sings "Do you love me now as then? "—Parts his hair in the middle.—Takes an umbrella with him to an evening party.—Wears goloshes after dusk.—llss a secret passion for gruel,—Writes acrostics, and contributes to ladies' albums.—Curls his whiskers.—ls the "lion Sec." to the "Ladies' Benevolent Mangle Distribution Society."—Keeps a cat, and a regular account of his daily expenses.—His great pleasure is to attend a meeting at Exeter Hall, and his next greatest pleasure is to have his name mentioned "amongst those whom we observed on the platform," &c., &c.—ilis fondest tie, next to an aged grand- mother, is that of his white neckcloth.—Can burn the Overture to Per Freischutz.—Carries a pin- cushion, and acidulated :hops about with him, and is never unprovided with a scent-bottle, for fear of accidents.—Goes out in the rain to fetch a cab.— Doesn't smoke.—llelps mamma's shawl on with the grace of one of Holmes' shopmen.—Has his hair and handkerchief full of scents, and it is a pity: the same cannot be said of his he td.—lfolds skein of silk wilts exemplary patience, turns over the leaves of music with great digital skill, reads novels in a clear secretary-like voice, laughs affetuoso, lisps moderato, jokes with the old maids allegro, .quotes Ilbetry penveroso, runs ladies' errands zreste.sumo, and makes himself generall) itiefulo.— buch are the Habits of the Nice Young Man.— Punvh. Din anybody ever write a piece or bad poetry, without settling It to some unfortunate editor, with the stop? that "numerous friends urged the publication—some of them critics, too—or the writer would never have thought of it r An ' answer is requested. A TOTING lady crem the country being invited to a party, was told by a city cousin to.look up, and put he best foot foremost, in order to catch a beau, "she looked so green ha her country attire." The country lass looked comically into the face of her rather faded relative, and replied, "Better gram _ -

===== 0002601_18930211_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
" CAPITAL " CHAT.

Busts of Lord Salisbury and the late Mr. W. H. Smith have been executed for the Carlton Club by the Countess Gleichen' wno inherits the artistic talent of her father, the late Prince Victor of Hohenlobe. The bust of Lord Salisbury will be a replica of Count Gleichen's work which stands in the library of the Constitutional Club.

Mr. Fred Leslie left over .£16,000, a big fortune for a poor player. Only Miss Kate Munroe, of recent years, made so substantial an addition to the Trea- sury as he has done in the shape of probate duty. Lessees and managers accumulate much more largely. Mrs. Nye Chat, for instance, who died last year, left £36,000, and Mr. Hobson. of Leeds, was worth £30,000 at the date of his death..

Mr. Edward Arnold, who has become the proprie- tor of the "English Illustrated Magazine," is a nep- hew of the apostle of "sweetness and light." He is already, known u a publisher of educational and general works. Formerly he was with Mr. John Murray,and he helped to start the ill-fated magazine associated with the name of Byron's old publisher. 'Mr. Arnold, who is quite a young man, is already official publisher to the Indian Office. The" well-known dignitary" in the south-west of England, spoken of as likely to get the bishopric of Norwich, is Canon Basil Wilberforce, of South- ampton. The canon's name is a historic one, and his own qualities have made him for long a power- ful figure in the Church. He is an eloquent preacher, a strong temperance advocate like his friend the Bishop of London, and above all a man of singularly large heart.

Sir William Bower Forwood, who entertained Lord Salisbury on Friday, at Raraleh, Blundell- sands, to his birthday dinner, seems to have done justice to an occasion which many a member of the Tory pax ty will envy him. The dining table was connected by telephone with the theatres in Liver- pool, Manchester Leeds, and Loudon, and also with the House of ammons. You had only to lift a seeming table ornament to your ear, and you could drink the music of Meyerbeer, or follow the debate in the Commons.

Sir Joseph Crosland, the new Tory member for Huddersfield, has been wooing that constituency for more than seven years. He had previously fought for the seat in 1885, in 1886, and again last July. Sir Joseph, who was knighted in 1889, is senior partner in the Huddersfield firm of George Crosland and Sons, woollen manufacturers, which was founded by his father. He is chairman of the Huddersfield Banking Company, a large 3mployer of tabour, and a resident in the neighbourhood from the time of Ms birth, now nearly 67 years ago.

At the Cadogan wedding on Tuesday :—Enter an old countryman—probably a tenant on either the bride or the bridegroom's estate—to the pew occupied by Lord Cranborne. Overcome by the festive scene, the old countryman suddenly ejacu- lates, "Eli ! but it begins in joy and frequently ends in sorrow! "I've daughters of my own, and so I knows." After a pause, I was told as I oughtn't to have put on a black stock, and, " ad- dressing Lord Cranborne, " now I sees as youv'e a white one, mister, I see they was right." The occupants of the pew seemed hardly to appreciate being distinguished in this fashion.

p Mr. Walter James, who as the only son of Lord Northbourne has succeeded to the peerage on the death of his father, is a stoutly-built, medium-sized man, with broad forehead, blue eyes, and thick brown hair. Although he has not attained his fiftieth year, Mr. James has served in the House 9f Commons, and sat for the same constituency of Gateshead ever since the general election of 1874: He spoke seldom in the House, but he was an inde- fatigable Radical worker and organiser, and the re-unions of the members of the Liberal party at his house in London were amongst the pleasantest in- cidents of the season. fie is a graduate of Christ Church. Oxford, and in his young days was a famous oarsman.

Mr. Irving's Becket costume, which he has de- clared to be the "most gorgeous he has ever worn," has come from the School of Arts and Crafts at Bedford-park. It is understood to contain .£2OO worth of stage jewels, and, as the average cost of these is 4s. each, some idea of its lavishness may be arrived at. It reminds one of Ingokisby's account of Prince Esterhazy, "all jewels from his jasey to his diamond boots." From Miss Can's direction at Bedford-park also comes Miss Terry's wonderful muslin frock, a fabulous number of yards being em- ployed in the skirt. The school has now added artistic bookbinding to its numerous "crafts," in:all of which it seems doing good wo.L.

Lady Colin Campbell is supposed to benefit under the Duke of Marlborough's will to the tune of £20,000. The bequest is specific enough, but as the net value of the estate amounts to only £3,889, it is not easy to see where the money will come from. Other bequests have to be met out of that sum, £5,000 for the maintenance of Blenheim Palace roof, gifts to old servants, and the residue to the Duchess, with a suggestion that she should lay out £3,000 in restoring Blagdon Church. The Duke's intentions, like those of so many other unevenly balanced men, considerably exceeded his powers. One clause of the will contained a little homily against family exclusiveness. The Duke would not be buried in the family vault. lie preferred to lie among other people's relatives. This is a matter on which we must admit his right to please himself. lie knew the family.

--- Mr. John Lister. the Labor candidate for llalifax, is not exactly a son of toil. His family has been settled in Yorkshire for over four centuries, and he lives now in a very quaint and interesting old manor house, Shibden Hall, lying a mile or two out of Halifax. He is M.A. and a barrister. More- over he is a town councillor, a county councillor, a member cf the school board, and a Fabian Socialist. At Oxford he came under strong religiousinfiuences and in 1872, after an interview with Cardinal Manning, he 'verted to the Catholic Church, having' previously passed to the extreme limit of Ritual- ism in the practices which he was the means of introducing in his parish church. It was as the secretary of a Catholic Working-men's Association in Halifax that he first found the interest in all social movements which has since led him to take an advanced position as a socialist advocate. Mr. Lister is a man of very slight physique and re- served manner. His instincts are those of a student, and he is an ardent antiquarian.

Royal manages require infinite formalities, some times treaties. One was required between Rou- mania and Great Britian for the recent wedding at Sigrnaringen, and this has just been published. Amid much pompous verbiage one little clause stands out with a considerable suggestiveness of its own. It reads as follows : " The High Contracting Parties take note of the fact that by her marriage with H.R.H. the Prince Ferdinand Victor Alfred Mainrad, who professes the Roman Catholic faith, H.R.H. the Princess Marie Alexandra Victoria, according to the due tenor of the law of England, forfeits for ever all hereditary rights of succession to the Crown and Government of Great Britain and Ireland, and the dominions thereunto be- longing, or any part of the same."

Th; Protestant Constitution these realms thillA involves at least one very actual disability to our young princes and princesses, which amply explains their frequent marriages with the Protestant prin- cesses or princes of Germany.

"The Nonconformist Bishop of North London" is the designation which the Congregationalists frequently apply to the Rev. Alfred Rowland, who delivered the "Ancient Merchants'" Lecture at the Memorial Hall on Tuesday. Nor is the designation inapt, for from the cathedral-like Park Chapel at Crouch-end, which is the centre of his pastorate, he exercises a benevolent despotism over the lesser lights of Congregationalism on the northern heights. There is no other.member of his denomina- tion—none more fearless in the denunciation of the crying evils of the time.. none more thoroughly in sympathy with the aspirations of the democracy. lie takes his citizenship into his pulpit, and be- lieves he serves Heaven best who serves man most. He loses no opportunity of proclaiming the doc- trines of Puritan Protestantism, and when, during a visit to Salt Lake City, he was invited to speak in the Mormon Temple, he promptly accepted the invitation on condition that he might say what he pleased. Then the Mormons backed down. Mr. Rowland is on the right side of forty-five, thick set, rather bald, and very fond of a tricycle.

THE PPtYLAE BEVERAGH for Breakfast, Luncheon, Tea ..nd Supper in all seasons is CADBURY'S Cocoa. —Comforting, strenghAnlg, nourishing—for old and young, robust and feeble. CA.DBURY'S COOms, is absolutely puro.-21dr1.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1893 DARK WOOD.

Gwendoline bowed, but she did not request him to be seated. "I tried to get the girls—my sisters, you know— to come over and call," continued young Orkney, "but they wouldn't, you know. Girls are such sticklers, and all that sort of thing, you know. You sing like a seraph, Miss Gwendoline. Won't you give me another song ?" "You *must excuse me," said Gwendoline coldly. "I was playing for my own amusemenl." •• "Wont youplay for mine?" inquired Mr. Orkney, pulling at his long side whiskers. "I am very fond of music." "You must excuse me," again said Gwendoline, and now she moved towards the door. "I do not receive N isitors, Mr. Orkney, during the absence of Squire Markham." She inclined her head haughtily, and withdrew. Young Orkney stared after her, as if doubting the evidence of his senses. .

"By garl, you know," he said, in an amazed sort of voice, addressing empty space. "If that isn't cool for a beggar, you know. She doe-n't receive visitors in the absence of Squire Markham! rts mighty few she'd receive in his presence I She puts on airs for a regular outcast I By Jove! 111 bring down her pride ; I'd humble her; I'll make her love me, or 11l make her wish she was dead. She don't know with whom she has:to deal."

And with a 14 erce malediction Claxton Orkney quitted the house silently as he mid entered it.

CHAPTER X. AN UNWELCOME SUITOR.

Upon the morning succeeding the visit of young Orkney, Gwendoline signified to Mr. Quillet, whom she seemed to regard as the representative of Squire Markham in matters concerning herself, that she desired a saddle horse for her daily and exclusive use. The old butler carried this demand to his wife in high perplexity. "If Miss (I weudoline wants a saddle horse," sail the housekeeper, "she must have it. We've gone too far now, John, to stop at trifles. Besides, the poor child has no friends, no amusements, and we can't keep her here a hermit. We can afford the horse and a habit too—though, now I think of it,. ' there's a habit of Miss Clara 's upstairs which will tit Miss Owendoline, I'm sure." " The butler thus encouraged to gratify Miss Winter's desire, remembered that a tenant upon the estate possessed a horse suitable for the purpose in hand, and set out to make a purchase of it. He retnrned a couple of hours later leading the animal. By this time Gwenclolinee was in possession of the habit which had formerly belonged to Miss Mark- ham, and had found that it could readily be fitted to her more slender figure. That afternoon, attended by a servant who was made to do duty as groom, the young girl had a wild ride over the moors, returning home in a state of great exhilaration. The next day she rode again, in the direction of Penistone. She met at a distanfie of some four or five miles from Lonemoor, a waggonette, in which were seated young Orkney and three commonplace young women, his sisters. The young man bowed to Gwendoline ; his sisters stared at her after an ill-bred fashion, wnich brought the hot blood to Gwen's cheeks.

"What do they mean by looking at me like that r thought the girl, with a passionate sense of anger —for this poor Gwen of ours was very human, and very apt to resent slight or injustice. "They look at me as if I were not as good as they. I wonder if they know that lam Miss Winter, of Loneinoor ? But that Orkney must have told them. And though he looked at me in a different manner, I did not like his look one whit the better."

Touching her little silver spur to her horses's side, she galloped onwards, .and presently forgot her annoyance in the fresh moor breezes, the wide expanse, and the sense of freedom that came to her. In the course of a week Gwendoline had estab- lished herself at Lonemoor' after her mistaken ideas of what was due to herself and Squire Markham. She occuiped the drawing-rooms daily. She walked the gardens as if she owned them. She rambled and rode upon, the moor. She attended the church at the nearest hamlet, and occupied the Markham pew. Her conduct in all things was quiet, gentle, and thoroughly well-bred. She was gracious, sweet, yet proud after a high and noble fashion. Had she been the acknowledged granddaughter of Squire Markham, or even his adopted heiress, every one would have commended her, have lauded heractions, have admired her. But Le was nameless, of an origin believed to be shameful, and within a week of her arrival at Lonemoor, the 'country people looked askance at her, spoke of her "airs," de- clared their bedef that "she would turn out just as her mother had before her "—believing her mother to be a nameless vagrsnt, be it understood —and wished that Squire Markham would return to expel her from his hous ,and to punish his butler and hoosekeec er as they deserved for their "strange

carryings op."- The worshippers in church forgot their worship to look at her curiously. The labourer on the estate whispered her story when she was near. The maids objected to Mrs. Quillet to serve a mistress "who was not a lady," and who but for charity would have been ',a servant herself. The tenants came over to Lonemoor ostensibly on business, but really to see Gwen, and Mr. Orkney the elder came up to the great house, as the mansion was called, every day, to 'expostulate with the Quill ts upon their indulgenoe to their charge, and to threaten them with Squire Markham's severe displeasure when he should know how and by whom his house was inhabited. --.- The younger Orkney came to Lonemoor every day and invaded Gwendoline's presence, whether she were in the gardens, library, or drawing room, with a want of ceremony against which she vainly pro. tested. Finding the Quill ets insensible to his angry denim. ciations, the bailiff went to Penistone, and had a serials interview with Squire Markham's solicitor, with a view of restraining the Quillets in their use of their master's property. The solicitor drove over to Lonerre:or with the bailiff, had a private interview with the housekeeper, and departed with- out having uttered one threat against Gwen or her Protectors. Mrs. Quillet had kept her secret but had bidden the lawyer appeal to the squire, declaring that her master would uphold her in her present course. And the solicitor remembered that the squire during their last interview at Penistone had told him that his housekeeper was worthy of all trust, and that she and her husband were to be left in al:solute charge of the mansion. Remembering this, he declined to interfere in the matter, beyond warning the Quillets against abusing the confidence reposed in'theng and bidding them remember that the squire would surely return some day, and that he would hold them to strict ccount for their stewardship. "We re!cept-the responsibility," said the house- keeper, firmle "We have been faithful servants in all things, and the master will approve our course!" And so, sileneod, even if still disapprovng, the solicitor rettirned' hone with his errand unaccom- plished, greatly to the disgust of the worthy bailiff.

"fl sieve in, yinir place, sir," said Orkney, as the two -were about to part, "I should turn this beggar out neck and crop, • the squire's orders that the Quillets b,.1 left in absolute charge of the house not- withstanding. Shall we stand by and see the squire's property , abused and de4loyed 1 That girl rides soker thesemmors daily as If she owned them. She occupies the house, she rules the servants, she is Indy of the mansion--she, the child of a servant who died on the moors, and as buried in a pauper's grave And you won't eject her? Von must do as y3U judge best, sir It is to be hived that the squire will soon return l" And the bailiff., in high dissatisfaction, returned to his home to meet the eager inquiries of his three commonplace daughters, who were greatly shocked at the "goings-on" at the "great house." It must not be supposed that Gwendoline was blind and deaf to all these things.

She had discovered that the servants were not swift to obey her. She had noticed familiar looks upon the faces of farmers' sons during her rides. She could not be blind to the contemptuous stares of the Orkney girls andothe farmers' daughters. The manner of the bailiff to her was uniformly severe and dictatorial, and aroused her antagonism. • The manner of the younger Orkney was even more to her, being easy and familiar to a high degree—pre- cisely as if he considered her socially his inferior. All these things were small thorns, pethaps, but being many and sharp they pierced deeply. The conduct of Mrs. Quillet was also unsatisfac- tory. The butler was coldly respectful always, but the manner of the housekeeper varied with her moods, which were many. Having little love for the girl who had unconsciously brought with her so much trouble to Lonemoor, there were times when Mrs. Quillet could not bear to look upon her. _

And then the worthy woman was secretly doubt- ful whether she had done well in bringing up her charge as alady— whether, in view of Gwen's origin and probable future it would not have been better to have sent her to an orphan asylum at the begin- ning, and so have been relieved of all responsibility in the mattey. Squire Markham, the girl's own graddfather, had clegliaed to take upon J-ijniaelf. any responsibility

wnatever in regard to tier, nag never owned tier existence, never looked upon her face, never set aside one penny for her expenses. Why, then, Mrs. Q,ii (let often asked herself, should she and her hus- band' expend their hard earnings upon the unowned child of Miss Clare ? The squire would some day return, and very probably overwhelm them with Teproaches. Very probably, also, he would turn them out of his house, And the girl herself—a lady with- out the social position. of a lady—what was to become of her? Perhaps she would follow in her mother's steps, to meet her mother's fate! All these doubts and fears assailed the house- keeper singly and in troops, making her life a bur- den to her. Sometimes she thought she had done rightly—more often she believed herself foolish and Quixotic. Mrs Quillet had been a farmer's daughter, had received a good common education, and had been regarded as the social 6qual of the farmer's wives, and had even been on visiting terms with the Ork- neys. Now her social atmosphere became clouded. Her forther visitors ceased to drop in upon her. People looked askance at her, as if they thought her unfaithful to the trust the squire had reposed in her, or as.if they censured her singular indulgence to the waif she had so long protected. And although the housekeeper was not .of a social temperament, she felt all this keenly. As was natural, perhaps, to her, she visited her chagrin and anxiety upon the head of the young girl who was their secret cause. She had few pleasant words for Gwendoline. For the most part she was silent and frowt!ne, but when she did speak it was generally in words of censure. Now our little Gwen was not an angel. She was only a warmhearted, highspirited, impulsive girl, wilful and resentful, proud, and possibly wayward =a sweet human girl, with some faults and a thou- sand virtues a girl to be adored, but not a girl to bear meekly undeserved reproofs, and cold glances, and contemptuous smiles. Brave and, fearless to a wonderful degree, she would have faced any peril resolutely and without flinching, but was not one to sit down and brood over her trials, and give her- self up to melancholy and sentiment. She endeavoured to elicit an explanation of her variable manner from Mrs. Quillet, but the house- keeper had declined to answer, and put an abrupt end to the interview. The girl w....‘s too proud to question anyone else, and finding the atmosphere of home unpleasant, indulged in longer rambles and rides upon the moors, remaining away hours at a time. _ _

" I dare say it is edl my fancy," she said to herself on one of these rides, "this coldness on the part of everyone. Why should anyone look askance at the ward of Squire Markham? It's all nonsense. This lonely sort of life will make my mind unhealthy, unless lamon my guard. Of all things, I despise a lackadaisical young woman with a melancholy face and a secret grief." She gave rein to her horse, and indulged in a wild gallop that delighted the animal equally with her- self, and so put to flight by active exercise—her usual resort—all uupleassnt thoughts.

The summer pasged slowly. No visitors came to Lonemoor in these days, even to see Mrs. Quillet. The housekeeper was morose in the highest degree. Her mind seemed settled upon a solemn disapproval of Miss Winter, and she rarely bestowed other than a grimly sour look upon her charge. The butler was uniformly respectful and attentive to the young lady, but the problem of her future and the anxieties of his wife burdened him heavily. The bailiff came often to the great house, and made speeches expressive of his hearty disgust at the state of affairs there, but his wife and daughters held themselves righteously aloof. The bailiff's son came frequently, but Miss Winter carefully avoided him, his appearance being always the signal for her withdrawal from garden or drawing-room. And still, despite all the indications of a suppresed fire, Gwen- doline had no suspicious that all was not right. But this calm was to be broken up. The hour of the girl's awakening was at hand. One day in September she went to ride as usual. She had left off the habit of having a groom to attend upon her, and went alone. The shooting season had commenced. For several years the bailiff had let the shooting during the season, and already sportsmen, with their bags and guns and dogs, were to be met with daily upon the moors. Gwendoline had carefully avoided them BO far, and expected to continue to escape their notice. . . .

She knew that the shooting box, a picturesque little cottage, was some three or four miles distant from Lonemoor, and that it had been taken by a young gentleman, who was now occupying it with a party of friends. Her rambles were made in an opposite direction to the shooting-lodge, and upon this occasion she confirmed to her new custom. The road to Penistone stretched over the moors, a grey, serpent-like line, winding through the gorse and heather, and she rode leisurely along upon it.

No one was in sight anywhere upon the wide pur- ple moors.. The air was crisp, clear, and bracing. It was one of those days when the mere sense of existence is a luxury—when every sense is steeped in a deep and delicious satisfaction. Gwendoline had no errand in view—she rode for riding's sake, and because the sense of freedom was pleasant. Of late, the presence of her groom had grown irk- some, and she had fancied that he had grown less respectful to her. She rode several miles, and then, attracted by some wild wayside flowers, dismounted and plucked them. She walked a little distance thereafter, her habit caught up under her arm, one hand upon her bridle-rein, the other full of flowers. She was so walking when a waggonette, contain- ing the Oro., Misses Orkney. with their fat and commonplace mamma, approaening ner mut tire direction of Penis tone. As the waggonette passed, the eldest Miss Orkney, who was driving, slackened the speed of her shaggy pony, and the four Orkney women stared insolently at the young girl, who faced them bravely, but with a flushing cheek. Gwendoline Winter had never looked more lovely than she did now, in her dark blue habit, with her tall hat surmounting her straisot Greek featurco, and with one massive bronze coloured curl stro.yini over her shoulder. She looked every inch of an aristocrat, as Claxton Orkney once said, and she met the insulting looks of her enemies with a haughty glance' and then walked on. The Orkney women.tittered and muttered some contemptuous words, and drove straight on. Gwen stooped short, her face darkening, her brows knit- ting themselves tonther in mutinous fashion; her purple eyes growinr; black in the sudden passion that seized upon her. . _

"How dare yonlook at me like that r she said to herself. "How dare they? rye a good mind to ride after them and ask them what they mean. Cowards ! Mean, pitiful cowards I I'll stand this no longer. I'll go back to the penNionnat ! I'll write to Squire . Markham, and ask bins what he means by leavim; me here to be exposed to the insults of such—such creatures The hearty passion Gwen put into the last word greatly relieved her. • "No, I won't go after them," she said, upon 'second thought, gazing after the wagonette. 'Let them act out th:ir natures I'll write to Squire Markham' and tell him just how things are oing here, and he shall either come home to protest me, or he shall find another home for me." The sound df horses' hoofs aroused her. Turn- ing abruptly, she beheld Clax ton Orkney ap- proaching on horseback, and also from the direction of Penistone. The young man had attended his feminine relatives upon a shopping expedition, and was now eturning home leisurely, just keeping them in view.

Gwen turned to mount. Too late. Young Ork- ney had touched up his horse, anti was at he,r side as soon as she had disembarrassed herself of the flowers. Orkney raised his bat courteously, his face light. 1214 up with a glow of p!easure. "A lovely ti,ty„"..i..ss Gwendoline," said her admirer. "Are you .tune? Is it quite safe for you to ride alone upou the moor now that the Sportsmen are here? ' "Quite safe, I think," answered Gwen, coolly, endeavourin4 to pass him. _ _ _

"Permit 'me to accompany you," saki Orkney, wheeling his horse. "It is hardly' prudent for you to be alone."

"I have no fears," said Gwen quietly. "And I prefer to be alone," she added pointedly. Bus Mr. Claxton Oakney s ardour was not dampened by this rebuff. .lie dismounted, and leading his own horse, walked at her side. "You have avoided me lately, Miss Gwendoline," he said reproachful,y. "You withdraw to your own rooms when I come to Lonemoor, and give me no chance for private speech xvith you. But luck has befriended me. I have something of the utmosi importance to say to you, Gwendoline. Hear me. No, you shall not !Daunt until you hear me. You will not see me whdh I come to Lonemoor, and you shall hear me now." He seized her hand. Gwen snatched it away in a quick fury. "Don't touch me," she commanded. "Don't touch me. Keep your distance, sir. If you have anything to say to me, say it, and be quick about it. _

(7.g Z 4 GOlgili444).

===== 0002601_18930211_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
A TALE OF LONEMOOR.

BY MRS. HARRIETT LEWIS, Author of "The Surylered Hearts," "The Bailiire Scheme," "The Double Life," &c.

CHAPTER IX. MAKING _ AN ENEMY.

The housekeeper and butler exchanged glances of dismay and misgiving before they replied to the interrogations of the Orkneys, father and son. The reputation of the younger Orkney for evil doing flashed upon their mind in the same moment; but they could not refuse to tell what the bailiff and his son could readily ascertain from one of his servants, and Mrs. Quillet said, reluctantly— "Miss Winter is the And we educated, Mr. Orkney. You saw her often enough in her child- hood.'

"What !" ejaculated the bailiff. "Why, I took her for a young lady. She looks-and acts like one. And she is your Princess !' It can't be possible. Don't you know who the girl really is? Who was her father, who are her connections, nor what her station ?" "We do not." said the butler.

"Don't you know her real name?' "We do not. We gave her the name she bears —we invented it—and we have had her educated in Paris as a lady," said the housekeeper. "Her mother was demented and never told her story," said the bailiff, recalling what he had heard at the time of Gwendoline's birth • "and so, for a mere fancy that the vagrant mother was a lady, you have lavished your hard earnings upon the 3hild I What madness! Well, you have reared the little outcast into a fine lady. Now, what are you going to do with her !" " We do not know ourselves," replied Mrs. Quillet, with a troubled countenance. "We shall keep her here for the present." The bailiff was a man of hard commcn sense and the course of the Quillets in regard to Gwencoline excited his strongest condemnation. His cirriusity as to what they purposed doing equalled his sur- prise at what they had done. Therefore, he said— "As you intend keeping her here for the present, how shall you treat her? What room have you given her?" "We shall treat her as a lady," said Mrs. Quillet. "I have, given her the suite of rooms over the library." " Why, these are guest chambers !" The housekeeper assented. "What will the squire say to that ?" "The master left the house in our keeping," said Mrs. Quillet, "and we must answer only to him for our care of it."

The bailiff was angered. "The squire will never like this proceeding of yours, Mrs. QuiHet," he said. "To fill his best chambers with an occupant like this girl ! You carry your privileges too far. You set up this name- less creature as lady of the household. You serve her as if she were your righteous mistress. Now, if the squire were to come ome, this girl would have to leave. If he does not conic home, what is tobe done with her? You have edxcatecl her as a lady. She is beyond your companionship. No one will visit her. No one will recognise her existence. She is doomed to a miserable future in any case. She cannot marry an ignorant labourer, because she is refined and educated. No one else will marry her. The girl will be unhappy all her days, and you two are to blame for it."

will hope for the best," said Mrs. Quillet, trying to hide her uneasiness. "At any rate, Mr. Orkney, we have done what we thought right, and what is done can't be helped." The bailiff gave further vent to his disapproba- tion, and presently took his leave with his son. "I mean to see more of the girl," thought the younger Orkney, as they walked homewards. " I never saw such a beauty in my life. Fresh from boarding school, she can have no lover. I shall manage to see her to-morrow." The Quillets were silent for some minutes after thadeparture of the visitors. Then the housekeeper said in a troubled voice—

"John, it does look as if we had been vez-y fool- ish. Miss Gwendoline is sure to la:: unappy here, without friends, or social y, or pleasures. My only hope is that the squire will come home and see her and take a liking to her. He might adopt her for his heiress, and no one would ever suspect her secret relationship to him." "But, even if she were his heiress, no one would ever forget her ori in," replied the butler, "Birth is of even more account than money. The child ought to have died in her infancy. As she didn't, and as we have educated her as a lady,' we can only hope for tho best. I hope that we haven't laid a train by which to blow ourselves up," he added. "The squire may be angry at our doing what he refused to do, an I turn us out of his house." _

"If there is no place for her here," said the housekeeper, "Miss Gwendoline can become a governe”, I daresay. There's no use in our fretting. Let us trust to Providence.' The squire's unacknowledged granddaughter, without the faintest suspicion of her real position in the house or in the world, took her place naturally as mistress of Lonomoor.

The rooms assigned to her ere pleasant, sunny, and luxurious. But the girl not, as had been expected, confine herself to the-tn. Upon the morn- ing after her return to Lonemoor she ordered the long-disused drawing rooms to be opened, the hol- land covers removed, the library to oe aired, and a habitable look to be given to the best apartments, and the housekeeper and the butler ot eyed her gentle mandates, albeit with great secret dismay and misgiving. It was quite plain that Gwendoline believed her- self to have a right there —a claim upon Squire Markham— and her benefactors dared not- unde- ceive her. In accordance with her habitual prac- tice Gwendoline dressed for dinner upon the second day of her stay at Louemoor, although she was to dine alone.

Her wardrobe had been selected by the mistress of the Paris pensiornat and conformed to the French ideas of suitability to a very young lady. She had no costly silks and velvets, no jewels nor laces, but her garments were all of the finest description and selected with g eat care and taste. Upon this occasion she wore a long wh,te muslin gown, clear and filmy, falling in soft, unbroken, folt.is to the floor. No ruffles, except at the throat and wrists, were to be seen. A broad pink sash, knotted low at her lef t side, and a pink rose in her bronze- coloured waves of hair, constituted her only orna- ments. But these were enough, and served to set off the splendour of her young beauty as effectually as jewels could have done. The butler waited upon her respectfully. No, idea or patronising t.ds brilliant girl, who owed so much to him, ever entered his mind. Her perfect ',reeding, her grave gentleness, her sweet, unfailing courtesy, all impressed him with a conviction of tile iinmense difference between her and him, and he Was not one to presume. After fainner, which was Served with ceremony, Gwendoline went to the drawing-room. The night was warm, and the windows were open. A few wax lights burned dimly in their silver 'sconces. Cool shadows tilled the corners. The young girl sat down at the grand piano and began to play. She dashed into a brilliant ravura, playing with great spirit and force. And then she glided into a scrap of Italian opera, accompanying herself in a voice whose sweetness, purity and strength were, nothing short of marvellous. As he wondrous tones died out upon the air, and the notes rippled slowly under her fingers to their close, a sound of applause startled her. Springing up in alarm, she found herself con- fronted by Claxton Orkney, who bent low before tier, his bold eyes expressing his admiration of her beauty and her musical performance. Gwendoline bowed haughtily in acknowledgment of his greeting, and waited for him to speak. She knew that he was the bailiff's son, and supposed that he had come to Lonernoor upon business. That he had come to call upon her without the knowledge of his father never. occurred to her. His bold glances and his sinister locks caused her in- stinctively to dislike him, and she waited for him to ‘l,, his errand and clepArt, wondering that he should dare enter the drawing-room and her presence un- no ,thced

Young Orkney, knowing the popular story of her origin, and believing her socially far beneath him, wondered at her audacity in taking possession of the best rooms at Lonemoor, and felt for her in the midst Of his sudden and intense admiration a sort of con- descovion.

Thus the two were at cross purposes from the first. "Do you wish to see me ?' demanded Gwen- doline, in her sweet, kw voice, regarding him steadily. "Allow me to summon Mrs. Quillet."

She iook a step towards the bellpull, but young Orkney intercepted her. "Don't call Mrs. Quillet," he exclaimed, "I don't want to see her. I catne to call upon you. I suppose you don't remember me very well, but I saw you once or twice in your childhood. I shouldn't have known you again. though."

===== 0002601_18930211_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

DEAREST NELLIE, In bonnets and hats we have even threatened changes, and I have actually seen more than one votary of fashion, who did not mind being stared at, appear in a large coalscuttle bonnet. One of these startling bonnets was of fawn-coloured felt trimmed with brown feathers and lined with pink satin, the space under the brim filled up with putllngs of pink tulle. Another bonnet of this type was of black velvet with loops of velvet and a long ostrich feather ; the lining was of pale bite satin ; the frizzy, golden hair of the wearer filled up the open brim. A shape a little deviated from the coalseuttle would have suited to perfection a Puritan maid. It was composed of petunia. coloured velvet, lined underneath with black velvet, and a band of narrow black velvet went around the crown, whilst strings of the velvet a little wider in width were brought from under- neath the "curtain" and fastenea under the chin. The aigrette of plumes and osprey were all in black.

Talking of millinery reminds me that just now once again has risen a craze for timming with violets; this invariaqy happens during January, year after year. The violets are being mounted exactly like those penny bunches which one can buy in the streets, wirli long stalks and a few green leaves enclosing the blossoms. These are rather difficult to manipulate elegantly, being perhaps somewhat stiff, but the artists are being very successful with thorn. A novel idea which obtains in Paris is to powder the artificial flowers with frost —frost it is of a more or less convincing quality, suggestive more I fancy, of the old style of dew. drop with which we used to delight to bedeck flowers. There are only three artificial flowers at :the present moment whose existence is recognised by the fashionable. These are the violets to which I have just referred, shaded magenta roses which have been in existence all through the winter, and red geraniums—the last being, perhaps, the newest corners into favour.

A charming costume showing the bell-shaped ekirt to perfection was of faced cloth of bright blue. The skirt-was trimmed with a shaped band of shaded heliotrope velvet, outlined with a braid- ing of black and gold cocci. The bodice was entirely made of heliotrope velvet, while round the short zouave which falls in full epaulettes over the shoulders wore shaped bands of the velvet outlined with the braid ; the sleeves are entirely of velvet, and the braid again forms a neat finish round the waist. A smart costume, truly, and one which could be effectually copied in half a dozen different materials and colours. The shaped velvet might be, for economy's sake, replaced by cloth of anothee colour; thus, if the dress were of bright gieen cloth, this might be in black, and the braic still in gold and black.

Powdered hair is coming to the fore again foi evening wear; most becoming it is to all types ol beauty and to most types of modified ugliness. Beds poudres will be all the rage this season—ba% entendu not actual costume-balls, which entail ac much trouble, but simply the fancy coiffure which will be worn by men as well as women. The difficulty of getting the powder out of the hair ii not groat, especially when it has been dressed by at experienced hand and is not elogged up with grease Powder is very cleansing, and when it has beer thoroughly brushed out the hair looks bright and glossy, especially when the new and ingeniom whalebone 'brush is sparingly used. As a rule the powdered coiffures are arranged on high oi moderately low cushions, with a long thick curl falling on each side towards the back sometimes the back hair is put up in a long chignon, tied in the. midalo with a ribbon. For a bright, young lace nothing can be prettier or more coquettish than short hair arranged in small ring•curls, lightly sprinkled with powder.

An illnytration of the advantages use of striped material in a costume, the stripes being effeetedly need to forms V's right up the :Tont I saw the other day. It had a very old•fashioned trimming, but very new-fashioned at the same time was the festoon of velvet, borderad with jet fringe, which outlined the bodice at the bust, and caught round the full sleeves, and on the lain of the skirt this appeared again. Al! the now materials this seascn seem to be made of two or more colours, and very charming effects are wrought both in shot and raised designs. The same principle exiate .in tweeds and hornespuns, as wdi Its wo.:)11en, and velvet fabrics, tAle former being in a mixture of neutral tints, with bite of red, line, or yellow deftly interwoven. Another novelty is the ;wilfuj. ous cloth and velvet ; it has a ribbed eurface of two colours, which takes the most beautiful kliades when the light falls upon it. Yours sincerely,

•'J'ENNIE.

A recently-started society calls itself the " No Rice at Weddiugs Association."

Lady Florence Dixie declares that she knows one woman who, disguised, is the captain of a ship,and two who are efficient pilots.

To Brighten a Carpet. The best way to do this is said to be the following : Put a half tumbler of spirits of turpentine in a basin of water, and dip your broom in it and sweep over the carpet once or twice, tsnd it will restore the colour and brighten it up until you would think it new.

Children's Teeth. IC As wival toe cilikina to eon Weir cluaiße (or eye-

teeth) along with the others of the temporary teeth. The second canines usually make their appearance from the 11th to the 12th year. Proper feeding is of the utinr)ef importance as regards the formation and integrity 0 the second or permanent teeth.

A Woman's Question in France. The question whether women should become clruggistS is being much discussed in France. The society for the, amelioration of women has decided to grant a sort 0., scholarship annually to a promising young girl of good conduct and slender means, to enable her to go uP the examination which has to be passed in order to qua" ify persons to dispense medicines.

The Use of Perfumes. A of Nothing is more sinned against to-day than the os•-„... scents, writes Mr. Burton Harrison in tee " Lad',7v Home Journal." To the many people to whom 31 strong odour is distressing, the present reign of sceZe bags in the garments of wo men who frequent Pn"i, places and public conveyances is intolerable. It is 006 the faintest suggestion of a refined perfume that shonf: ever be allowed to hang even for a moment about MI belongings of a well-bred girl; and even such a caSle use of the merest whiff of tile dainty and impaiPahber essence should be rare ; to wear any redolence upon " person in sachets is unpardonable.

LETTING THE SUN SOAK IN. "I ant just standing here to let the sun soak in to ote bit." It was about two o'clock in the afternoon in Londli For two weeks or more the weather had been rainY cold. Not a glimpse of the sun by day or of a star 1)Y night. Just dulness, dampness, and chillness eve where. People were feeling cross as hungry dog,s• , was a time for suicide and rhearnatism, and there 11°- plenty of both. the Yet Heaven pitied us at length, and at noon of fifteenth day the clouds were swept away like dust hi a new broom, and the sun came out warm and How we all blessed him, and tried to lift ourselves uP meet him halfway. You can fancy it. Then it ' that I asked the young clerk what he was doing out °ll the pavement in business hours, and he answered iu words which begin this article. Small blame to !Mu, 1° what is business to a baptism of sunshine? nothing, to be sure. Now, if you will be good enough to read wilt° Hodgson says, 11l tell you what he and the clerk alike in. First, though,we will let our friend from L'"4 have the floor for three minutes. He says : [Com]

I, George Hodgson, of 17, Fraser Street, SOP Rock Lane, Leeds, do solemnly and sincerely declare follows :

"For over twenty years I suffered from a bad si. and indigestion. 1 always felt tired and languid, had a strange uneasy feeling at the pit of my stand I had a foul taste in the mouth,particularly- in the In° ing. My appetite was poor, and after every ineali,,,,ll great pain at the chest and sides. I was much trons"' with sick headache, and I had often pain and weigtii my forehead. A hacking cough troubled me during,.% night and on rising in the morning, and I spat up 8 7, of thick phlegm. As time went on I became Pala 7a 1008' emaciated, and got weak and nervous, and for t i years I never felt well. I struggled on with my vvor.4 best I could, but felt so exhausted that I had to lid during my dinner hour, and also when I reached llarne,oo night. I was always in pain, and what my suffer' were during these long years, no words can exPtetio' took all kinds of medicines I could hear tell of, and under three doctors, but no medicine that I took me more than temporary relief. At last I became sle 0 of taking physic, and quite thought my ailment Wi incurable. In February 18881 got very low and W,,he6,i for, added to my old standing cotnplaint I was in 55'71 state with piles that I could neither sit nor lie d°ll The pain was almost more than I could bear. It I like a knife cutting me open, and perspiration wc°,3l fairly run off me, so severe were my sufferings. F°l. „d months I went on in this way, getting weaker 60-.1 weaker, and I thought I was going to die. Just at tol. time I took up a book that was left at my house, a°o read of a case like mine having been cured by a lnediettli Called Mc:tiler Seigel's Curativs Syrup, I got 3b° -01 from the Co-operative Stores, flu rniantoftg, and Cf°o menced taking it. After three or four doses °;ho Syrup! found my food digested better and A Ini less pain, and by continuing with the 01c,dcici: I gradually gained strength. By-and-by, as magic, all the pain from the piles left me, and intril tion troubled me no more. I have never ailed anYt'eve- since, although three years have elapsed, and I tihy felt so well in all my life as Ido now. Seigel's SylalPhi made a new man of me. I wish others to know vlrsio the medicine has done for me, and I gave full Fefrogi sion to the proprietors of it to make what use the 1,41,0 of this statement, in the hope that other sufferers be benefited. I sin a tailor's presser, and have ll in the employ of a wholesale clothier in Quebec stro Leeds, for over eight years. I will gladly ausWel inquiries. „magi: 'And I make this solemn declaration conscien";-400 believing the same to be true, by virtue of the Pl°l-60, of the Statutory Declaration Act, 1835 (Will. IV.. c' . "(Signed) GEORGE "peclared before me at Leeds,l in the County of York, by the said George Hodgson, this 6th day of October, ). 1891. "Signed) ALF. COOKE, 2llayor of Leeds.") Turn back, and read once more the seventh tence in the statement. The last seven vord: these, " For twenty years I never felt well." sky and bad weather in this man'S life.] twenty years! Think of that. Then follow "•ii to where he says, "I never felt so well in all ,Ig t as I do now." No wonder he wants uw-iso ' know about it. That shows him to be, what lie ate right-thinking and a right feeling man. Ills B°3°,,utilti' ment will do good—lots of good—as there la tude of men and women tormented in the Wile .3*:3' gOCI Hodgson was. Some have symptoms like it PK others have different ones, but they all signifY t:i-oe'-' settee and power of the same old nuisance and SC°- indigestion and dyspepsia. ~.n The reader takes notice, of course, of the ~ ° of 0 - which the foregoing statement is made—the fulefolall simple and solemn declaration, according to law' 1 roe °I a magistrate, the Mayor of Leeds. The only Purrsii tit this on the part of Mr. Hodgson is to iniPart ie. dignity and weight to his words that is Pbe desires that what he says may be understood t°,,:o dir, . truth and nothing but the truth. AnybodY "a 0' putes it would dispute the uncontradicted testilllo , a witness in a court of justice. or 11345 f k But, no fear. The case is too plain for 9 us-s t.,oa we rejoice with cur friend that after so long 3 r d OP ' dismal weather in his life, a medicine was fuatik, id now enables him to stand, like the Lontlo Cler .. let the sun soak in a bit." . 19' [SLA

I, , .-^ •.---..,,:. .----;----..-_,-,' . --;--;--- ..‘,_,-....,, ....„ ~,...,4,, • 7 ....__----........--- r -,----r-___-- 4 `e \ \

Ci4st s',•‘: ,?•,',1,,, 7, : t :::.::'• i...- '' ; ' :: '`'.. ', :)i ;,_ 1..) i 1 , 1, s\ N •• •,•\,. \ ze, k ..„ =s•,,:'.-!..,-z:,:„.;., ~,,_ ~,,:,,,.,. r.

41 ife .4;l' 'cp e. , I•`' . . , • t.`" ' ;0 4 -4•; if,' 11.,:.. 31 t re,rozb 0 ,'''' ' •/ . \ ~\ \-Vii,, 4' / '.'Vi. At" ' ///W / / N ;;-Y

0

===== 0002601_18930211_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
•ved recedil cot

WATER SIXTY FEET DEEP. , SYDNEY, WEDN'EsDly.—The latest accoumg "as iv• here from Brisbane describe the situation 0°2% ena:6ll- • deplorable. The damage caused by the 8000 "it li" t; cue, and it is feared many prrsons have lost thecti st.osfelAo The principal streets are gooded to a depth of 0° 60 while in some parts of the suburbs the wa,.tde: .050 sixty feet deep. Several factories and IV."' fsnll houses have been demolished, aria lion were who have been rendered conipletely hOttleks9 roe fl'eat pelted to take refuge in boats. The supPlY water to the houses which escaped the tWocl Ha6r in ri in Off by the destruction of the pipes. The wateceedeafv receding. The Governor has at length suctest dl ir , reaching the city after encountering the grea nd 13r4 , culties, all the towns lying between Ipswich aio bane being submerged. The disaster unequalled i ' n the history of Austr„alia.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
_ THE GREAT FLOODS 1N QUEEN

ENORMOUS DAMAGE.

wdwa

_.._._.____ of. ei, ~. it ./)=4,, .5 7.,,,,, ...,...41". - ~., 0.,.: • ,;7 ,A.,..4 „40

===== 0002601_18930211_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
crf.tati/NY

016. GIVE EASE & COMFORT DURING TRICTIIite. Pleasant, Cooling Aperient for Chilaren of Try them end prove their value for your ' seOry Ast Sold everywhere in packets, i. lid. and 2s. 14 or 34 stamps. J. PRITCHARD, CHBMIST, CHEADLE, NtAZICHETER Cate Clioritco

3 of ies.

the ble bet

) , A A.

Ise

I 1 I'S'

'ARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL.

—..—..-- T0w,,"„,"115' meeting of this Council was held in -Dian on Tuesday evening. There were "ne Mayor (Alderman E. Greenall) in the ernmen Francomb, Sutton, Hol mes, Wright, eYI and Blackhurst ; Councillors R. T. Fair- 'James Fairclongh, H. Roberts, Fleming, I°.,V, Dr. Cannell, Muir, Green, Greening, nil], Hutchinson, Ilepherd, Browne, I, Ashton, Shaw, Plimpton, Wilkinson, W. Messrs. J. Lyon Whittle, town clerk • T. tin ,cer) borough survey or ;J. EL Gornall (medical , and Madeley (librarian). WATCII COMMITTEZ. a)elirtnitutes of this Committee contained nothing of ' beyond a resolution that Alderman Chandley thneillor Fleming be appointed a sub-committee, th`e',e assistance of Mr. John Harrison,to select material t the 15°Iice officers' clothing. The minutes were adopted rnotion of the Mayor, seconded by Alderman

.„ FINANCE COMMITTEE. thii 6.411 n OLMES proposed the adoption of the minutes l 'h,C4annittee which were of a formal character; ti.ttnnounced that the Local Government Board l'en their sanction to the borrowing of £20,000 P,ll,Poses of gas works extension. The General Atirotnnaittee had recommended to the Finance .vpaiLee._ that they should pay the salary of the late UP to the end of the financial year, to his Gazzx seconded, and the minutes were sTaxe'r IMPROVEMENT commyrrEE. toplinittee recommended tbat the sum of £l6 be I,E'fr• Thomas Whittle for the purchase of two 'alld at the corner of Helsby-st., and Manches.

1 e'

riglnhutt.es were confirmed on the motion of Alder- :ra COMMITTEE—PORT SANITARY PRECAII- -THE DECLINE OF SMALLPDX.—THE SANITARY AUTHORITY AND H illATioN. Conunittee recommended :—That Inspectors Church, and Powell be respectively appointed under and for the purposes of the Shop Hours That the Chairman and Mr. Councillor ,With the Town Clerk and the Medical L Officer, ,e,„C Local Government Board Inquiry at veer ' ttaneorn on the question of the apprehended epidemic. That the Chairman, the deputy. , an, Councillors Wilkinson and Beaman, the e a'cl Medical Officer, the Town Clerk,an d h t, visit Liverpool, Manchester, and other towns •et t he lodging-houses erected under the Housing n' 'king Classes Act. That a house to house in- n.' made throughout the borough. That the s•felic be instructed to take the necessary Proceed- -the Act, f..r the closing of certain houses in Square and Mottmm's Yard, Scotland-road. ' ScvTou proposed the confirmation of the Be referred to the minute as to the Local Aleut Board enquiry, which was, he said, an en- i_otian Ito the subject matter of the proposal for the ah ~ of a joint Board as a Fort Sanitary fAuthor. WV kouncillor Roberts with the Town Clerk !aid ittal Officer of Health, attended the enquiry, kith rged on the part of the. Corporation that i ~„as Warrington was an outsme district 4 and so ',treated by the question, it was not considered tY that it should be included in tne Authority or 1111°4 to participate in any expense attending the 'falt, of the proposal, especially as the Corpora. 'jtju'letlk,ol had previously decided that they con- Present means at their command were quite V:lr dealing with any epidemic such as was The Medical Officer had since attendeci n ffea,.-snit'a at Liverpool, where it was proposed 'caton should be included with Runcorn as a anthorit' y The Health Committee, however, Pinion that if Warrington were included in the considering the small risk it ran, with onlye coaSters leaving Warrington every year, it io° ' Y bear at all events, a very small I °,f the expense attending any scheme —gut be carried out. The Town Clerk had ,Written to the Local Government Baled, expres- 1t virtta, and, he had no doubt that the Corn- ', j nu,d attend the adjourned enquiry at Runcorn eth in Alderman Sutton neat referred to the that a deputation be appointed to visit • leLll and other towns to inspect working _llikd„,h`ng•liouses, that a house-to-house inspection F6lip,%throughout the borough, and necessary pr 0.4,1 .4,1 ki.,''B ce taken The Medical Officer had, Mr. Sutton six .co.ses, and the committee considered ki ;nktY to proceed as indicated. With regard to (Alderman Sutton) had no doubt that some the Council would be anxious to know how a i' o t,' getting n He thought he could not do i ;`bael'efcre -than. quote the remarks of the Malicia n- the rep'ort he presented to the committee last Though the number of cases m- at ii,e'/'l•9' during the last month is slightly higher Ily ~.,",e, end of the year. the type of disease is de- et ruder, and the increased air space at the Reps 8, d Sea ..ne to absence of overcrowding, is having a eD„e,ocial effect in promoting not only the comfort 1, Clects. but the facility for their recovery. No ,5e4.; occurred for nearly five weeks, and all the hospital, are likely to recover." Alderman IS, I ifarther advanced the following cogent arip,ithcmah 1892 was prolific in scarlet fever ' q•r'ea,the general death rate in the borough was thal, Per 1,000 of the population, about 2 per 1,000 ~,l'ea IA 1890, and the same as the average of the ,"eatth- `r°4l 1887 to 1891. The zymotic or Dreven- , aht rate in 1892 was also favourable, 32 per et the same as in 1891, these figures including 11,1)" 1,000, and scarlet fever 1.2 per 1,000." '`cia.._"'otton remarked that so far as Warrington %ATM, they could all congratulate themselves l'eeeltapc'si„/ was gradually disappearing. It was now i, 'ass i ,1-4.9,e a death had occurred, and there wer. no ati4eetin `"e hospital. It would have been noticed , Bala,,ea had recently been held by the Warrington j'alier;"l,t9 Authority, and some correspondence had i%-„P'ace in the Press, as to the question of the A i -. refusing to admit patients from the rural !al, cto their hospital. In order, therefore, to re- IttleattealT)lls of those who did not fully understand I,aat od might be labouring under the impres- " h Health Committee were acting ungener- N'e ?night IN, .Varp. Point out that when Dr. Thompson ''••;,!! w -„lnaton he especially reported that the Hope ' l'''' h:- 116 t so comeletely isolated as it ought to ;en atdvised that no moredrtttirengtsettlehrd the be 4, iteito tTeld hospital,ptalyl, el hthaPt,ain fact, it would be I,l°llhl,,h'eat..l,,t° keep the patients at borne, and have iad„katip,;,a there, rather than overcrowd the hospital `toll,"e alt-Z`s: In the face of this advice the committee ihatsr3ets'a.native but to refuse the applications made i‘t ~-.atici-e districts, such as Sankey, Newton, Froth bteltllet Places. —(The Mayor: Stockton Heath). alt 'alieh-,,a„e1l known to every member of the Council ,gol „,4 teams'inickilty was experienced in trying to pro- f' 8 riesibl",%arY hospital for Warrington. They could I,,''/teLizlital lld a suitable site for the erection of such aNeih" te c.'„"nd, in the direst extremity, they were "ik 'Altai-evert the present buildings into a hospital. kOtlitie -allitary Al h OTI y•t had experienced the same it "eat ha "It only went to prove how very import- tlesl)litY smothat, as early as possible, in some convenient k,.4(3tiotal Rh te It could be properly isolated, a permanent l'itaitll3' fr,?nid be erected for the admission of patients PeN,tiitilit'll Warrington, but also from places in the aliatlale ;In tY' district. And he thought it would be ,4'%•!:, ~11i,the,.., rriQearinP.ch circumstances that such a hospital lAL4elt`‘cts I,,`alned at the joint expense of thevari i,.- 'at „ a k,,,* 1. hen the Town Clerk, the Medical Officer, lag taz..va other members of the Corporation had their ititrilteellnecw with Dr. Sargeant the desirability was N "e lie the County Council taking up the question, at tilliea Jc' to their providing such a hospital, and he IN4iattetbring the matter before the County Council teYee t° t ie,!:.t.fng: He (Alderman Sutton) was very •;Ent, fron,el- the Council that the Town Clerk had re- -6711,? NI; „lir Sargeant the information that the .titt.tltl ii-alt,head fayourably considered the sugges- Aldtreaflia_ ie.tict m action, and were endeavouring to n. rna„ ary powerS. ,;•elair,.„" rPaxcoma seconded, and said be thought . fiall,nt a—a 4tn of the Committee had given a satisfactory :eal".,'ll ta. "119 small ox patients had not been taken soctailla„.- lairal sanitarP ' y district but he thought it st4'e ! wise to take those from Sankey just hi11it,417n0t,,,7 time considering that the people lived ae ,;',oeehat." them and that a part of Sankey, cer- k4ille raid have' guld been in the borou h of Warrington. i the cases tSnk y obe the means trion,Fece tl4 la,t;"44tz ."e sease toabreaak oeut awgain in the town of th,',,ents hanci diDe thought considering that the smallpox ,lea4e Peopl;'°9_, might at all events; have taken in `0 ihno dokii;j2o were 'Very near to them,because there he.n u'es' were a source of very great danger '4 „ad 4, ilef they were so close as Liverpool-road tilekt"airo,a2oaition whatever. He quite believed with ke1.911 had" (:' the Committee that the town of War- ta: Idinge ' 'very serious difficulties to contend with in ely et% tir'l.4ll(l be teen. the tem porplace Called Hope HoSpi- also that i 41 A " lieVed Mitzi, t was the duty of the . uth At ~.. a' ority to provide such a place for "a the same time he could not help think-

6cai

st 4

:',,,.s

ctl;, Nt-At' kt,St 14,e 4441

. tqlOct 4npNt'' ittttl'RAt 1.°14 441 Itit4

----- i A CARD. REVEREND JOSEPH. HOL,MES' improved Mexican Prescription, as discovered in the hot table- lands of Old Mexico, is a guaranteed cure to all those wh) Eater from the errors and indiscretions of youth, neivous weakness, physical exhaustion, and early decay. To intro- duce it into England, the Mexican Prescription will be sent ifree of charge. upon receipt ef a self addressed stamped envelope. Only address, jOSEPH noLMES. Remedy Co. Bloomsbury Mansions, Bloomsbury-square, London, W.C, Mention this paper.

The the )s , of isto the ; of 13 :rod for Re ) of A Ll3l 3 ito bite tit , the U3' hie ber ly len; er) st aetit, r hies trllan I he I given tod.,sthe Ptv Luttlittee Walk tor lle lr ciow et, Cr) oDtm. 1, ilia co 41 to rproi r.read. 111 E, o, 13t/i car, 41. ,- ,Ztilan: itterta, ioei the tho ?tlci r itk 1 h7l itltYvor, ab, Ioi„!Yor, ileet RI:t1 CI( (111111cler 81)0 ,Aide , ‘toae klity'!lrnent )411:th I'tti°o çh uPr title 111 t kler°l Li e keit th7„rP' tI)111.11t I,l4.tehrended. kaktate ti-''Nah co_ tioe4llllall en" k) P khl)on'. (ihrtion 4d3' qttheit t18:el s 44 lodoi knt4)'4'4'l4-1' itlRB b ro,pl t !'ePc.•-e 11441,1bell°1•1' ?t, ktt.ti 15 1151NlY 1; ).. iritNthebetlesfik. „,_ ttl Pha..tietn ( re oil of ; 1' to .0 IC. )e 31 71 71 11 ;• 3' 11 Jo

414 Dta Na 4.

41k

===== 0002601_18930211_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
'AANER

'ONEI

ONER

DISE ti 0 s oclairain are Iv,VeilxnEdlto

rAIIRI.

naonthl tUe "vn Alderra- nidley 4611 1, arm ,60t,,p100d °Llani Hi Iteli A h. - I

'p'4ll,lll,bor "er), and •,;

tueentilinutea 1 e beyoi , ouncillor n the . assist:a `'le Poll :he In et! ol ten lot

'germ, he ett()44l4

===== 0002601_18930211_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
tsr sTE t,',„°//lunit " Ti '3 4f land oad. a 111 . nuteB tight LPrr, C.O N "Q• —T6 jhaL s I•4l'°FtArii Is Cn °4l, or chunc, Pttn, laqD4 tind

===== 0002601_18930211_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
.:"41ent B :114) th. iLht, -

• 3tionof ! Coun o waB as w 'km",alTeote, that 't3'inP°u to 4 R out

geqir Of alltho 4tall C°rlBl COa Si D2rtirl2nl

===== 0002601_18930211_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
,no it‘nel'e tat rted t (A Ivo"tll gett the,, (Te tKkel 'n Eta se ktllekl43l'( II the ee c itlefi •

naa OCC ▪ ';tl hc • Alrth aki• "-Althril 24.7"V(ix t th Per i Itt R„' veatt,B • o -v rat Ihcut ka " tlee NI Per St Pox ek.

',Fts at Ns t 444" 3144 _a.r,y lektifinPl4( • th, Into )1% ladttncl Dit r "41g1 arrin 4,4tlti *has I ,qpNti„e Oht c nto ,t 4 taJ3at.i..!sl t

===== 0002601_18930211_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
"4 -Furat' 1:*0 to tLto khaq.e tr,-111/1

,eiv,i.

w:att,iyrai th. t7tr.,°73.

trr, ha' taiNi„ad Itl4,4tahe 4411

===== 0002601_18930211_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
T.

jug that the Corporation would have been protecting their own interests in taking people from Sankey into the hospital just at this emergency. He hoped it was possible that something might yet be done, and that the Committee might even yet deal with the few cases in Liverpool-road. Councillor FLEMING said the district in question had been intended to be included in the extension of the borough. This the Sankey people resisted, and now they resisted being punished. Alderman Faaxcovit : It was not the people them- selves. Councillor FLEMING said he did not know why the Corporation should assist them,when had they come and helped the Corporation in Parliament this would not have occurred. It was a very regrettable incident. The MAYOR said he believed they might take for granted the decrease of deaths in the smallpox hospital, had been due to reducing the number of persons, and thus giving more air space. He thought they as a Cor- poration should support the Health Committee. Alderman surrox said he was of the same opinion as Alderman Francomb tint it would have been wise to admit patients from Sankey, but the Committee did not consider they should deal with one part of the rural district and mit with others, and therefore in the face of the advice given by Dr. Thomson, it was thought ad- visable in the interest of the whole population not to admit the eases. Vaccination had been the great saving clause with regard to smallpox and no :deaths had oc- curred where vaccination had been successfully per- formed. The minutes were adopted.

SANITARY WORKS COMMITTER. This Committee's minutes were published last week. Councillor REIMAN proposed the adoption. He said it would be remembered by the Council that they adopted at last meeting of the Corporation a proposal to purchase a new boiler for use at Longford works. The Committee bad thought it better to place the destructer boiler on the north or Winwick side of the new works instead of amongst a lot of congested buildings, where it had at first been proposed to put it as the men at the furnaces would there have been confined within four square walls and deprived of air. The Committee re- commended that the tender • of Messrs. Homan and Rogers to erect roof columns and staging complete at Longford, at £558, be accepted. The minutes were adopted.

PAVING AND SEWERAGE COMMITTEE. This Committee recommended that the number of streets be made in accordance with the Private Street Works Act, 1892, and made other recommendatiens which have been already reported including one that a vote of condolence be passed to the widow and family of the late Mr. F. W. Walker. Alderman WRIGHT moved the adoption of the minutes. He said by the death of Mr. Walker they had lost a very valuable and useful official, and the members of the Corporation would all agree with him that the vote of condolence to his widow and children was much called for. He was very sorry that the Corporation was not permitted to do more for the family out of the public funds. He was glad to say, however, that somethihg more was going to be done by the members of that Cor- poration and other gentlemen, and if anyone felt dis- posed to assist he was sure that the Town Clerk or the Mayor would be happy to receive contributions. The MAYOR said Mr. Walker was an industrious,pains- taking man, and he had no doubt the Corporation would have increased his salary this year. Be thought, there- fore, they had acted wisely in continuing the salary up to the 25th of March. He should have liked to see more done by the Corporation,but they must act prudently in dealing with the public money. He must end..rse the expressions of Alderman Wright concerning the deceased. Councillor HUTCHINSON seconded the motion for the adoption of the minutes, and they were confirmed. SCHOOL ATTENDANCE COMMITTEE. Councillor FLEMING moved the adoption of the minutes of this Committee, which were formal. He read a communication from one of the school inspectors stat- ing that he was prepared to hold an examination on March 4th, for the purpose of awarding full or half time certificates. Councillor SHAW-GREEN seconded. He said for the children who would be subject to the examination a room would be required as big as the Drill Hall. (Laughter.) The minutes were adopted. MUSEUM, LIBRARY, ARTS, AND TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION

===== 0002601_18930211_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
COMMITITIL

Councillor Ronaßl's moved, and Councillor SHAW- GREEN seconded, the adoption of the minutes, which mentioned the receipt of 60 volumes of books from Miss Kendrick, and two works front the Rev. C. Voysey. s

The minutes were adopted. CEMETERY COMMITTEE.

This Committee reported &iThr e-fn—t-erments had been for the past five weeks those of 74 adults, 70 minors, 12 stillborn and premature infants ; for the corresponding period last year they had been those of 69 adults, 75 minors, and 18 stillborn and premature infants. The minutes were confirmed, on the motion of Coun- cillor Asirros, seconded by Councillor Mum.

THE TOWN HALL, kc., COMMITTEE. The minutes of the Town Hall, Park, and Baths Com- mittee, the adoption of which was proposed by Alder- men, Chandley seconded by Councillor Bolton, contained orders for payment amounting to £1,183 45., of which £l,OOO was paid on account of the new baths. The re- port of the Baths keeper showed that the receipts for the past four weeks was £1 Bs. 6d. against 149. 6d. for the same period last year. The minutes were adopted.

GAS COMMITTER. Councillor R. T. FAIRCLOUGE moved the adoption of this Committee's minutes. In doing so he said the Town Clerk had received a letter from the Local Government Board (on the 6th February), with reference to the pro- posed loan of £20,000 for the Gas Works purposes. For the purpose of furthering the adjustment of the accounts which had to be made out, he begged to submit the fol- lowing informal resolution " That in accordance with the above letter the Town Council do hereby undertake to repay the sum of £lB,OOO, being part of the said loan of £20,000, within the period of 30 years from the date of the borrowing of such loan ; and also to renay the sum of £2,ooo,making together,with the sum of £lB,OOO the proposed loan of £20,000 within a period of 10 years from the date of borrowing thereof." Councillor BOLTON objected to the passing of the resolution because it had not been included in the printed minutes. He contended that it was not the proper way of transacting such business. Every mem- ber should have had a printed copy of the resolution before him, that he might know what the contents of it were. . . _

The Tows; CLERK explained that it could not have been included in the printed minutee because the letter did not come to hand. If the resolution was passed then they could at once come into the use of the loan, and the officials would be able to include the sum in the accounts which it would be necessary to make out during the month. It was a proper thing to pass the resolution if the members agreed to it. If they. did not pass the resolution that night they would have to wait for a month ; and the adjustment of the accounts would then be delayed. Councillor Bourox : It doesn't matter. I object to this way of dealing with the ratepayers' money. Several members expressed surprise at Councillor Bolton's objection, as it was stated that the resolution merely embodied what the Corporation had already agreed to. Councillor flesannn seconded the adoption of the minutes. Before they were submitted, however, Councillor H. ROBERTS drew attention to the fact that the following tender contained in the minutes had not been advertised in the local press :—" That the tender of Messrs. Bryan, Donkin' and Co.,Limited, for the supply of an engine and patent exhauster at Longford Works at £320 be accepted." He wanted to know if Councillor Fairclough could give any reason for this. A stand- ing resolution which had been passed by the Council demanded that every Committee in asking tenders for anything over £5O should advertise such tender in the local press. The Gas Committee had not done so. It was a common thing for that Committee not to comply with that resolution, and it was the only Committee which did so with such unheeding repetition:

Councillor FAIRCLouca said that it was of no use to advertise in the local papers fpr such tenders as had been quoted. They advertised in the trade papers, and that was sufficient. Councillor ROBERTS : Yes, but then you do not ad- vertise for tenders for the supply of coal in the local Press ; and everyone is quite aware that we have in Warrington many coal merchants who do supply the coal. It is important that in such cases at least the tenders should be advertised. But, setting aside the nature of the tender, it is an obligatory duty on every committee of this Council to advertise for any tender ever £5O, with the local Press. Councillor FAIRCLOUGH did not reply to this, and the minutes were carried. MR. PARR'S OIFT.

The Mkyon, in moving the adoption of the minutes of the General Purposes Committee, alluded to the gift of £5,000 by Mr. Charlton Parr. They had not yet been able to decide anything about the disposal of the money. They intended to discuss the matter in committee that night, however, as it would be more in accordance with Mr. Parr's wishes.

The Boyal Laundresses say Critgey's " STARCH GLOSS is unequalled for imparting a bea fnl finish to starched linen, &e., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr. —, Corn- wall, says :—" My wife will not finish our linen without your " Starch Gloss." From Mrs. —, Bradford : "Dear sir,— lam pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold at id., 3d., and 6:1., by most starch sellers. If not in stock will procure it. T CRITCHLEY. Blackburn. P:oprietor.—Advt. MEDICAL.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY. FEBRUAR Y 11, 1893. .

THE IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

MONDAY.

In the House of Commons on Monday evening Mr. GARDNER, replying to questions, gave an account of the Importation of Pleuro-pnemnouia from Canada in the autumn, and said he would care- fully consider any facts which might be laid before him in support of the desire existing In some quarters for the restoration of the privilege of free entry into this country of cattle from the Dominion. Mr. FENW/CE put a question to the Tice President of the Council about the Operation of the Education Acts and the half-time regulations, and Mr. ULAN], stated that a committee was about to inquire into the subject of school attendance and child labour, and that in the meantime he was willing to introduce a bill to enact that no child under the age of eleven should be totally exempt from school attendance, whatever standard it might have passed. Amongst a number of Government measures intro- duced were bills to amend the hours of labour of rail- way, servants, and to amend the Building Societies Acts. The _ .

Debate on the Address being resumed, Mr. Labouchere's amendment respecting the Uganda Mission came under further consideration. Sir E. GREY said matters of detail could better be dis- cussed in Committee 'of Supply, and Mr. Labouchere, with leave, withdrew the amendment. Mr. WHARTON moved an amendment expressing regret that no mea- sures had been announced for the relief of those affected by the agricultural depression. Mr. JEFFREYS seconded the amendment. Mr. CitimArg said the depression of agriculture was due to to the appreciation of gold. If the principle of bimetallism were adopted he could see so reason why English agriculture should not look for- ward to days of prosperity. Mr. GARDNER spoke in defence of the Government's proposal to hold an inquiry. The debate was again adjourned.

In the House of Lords the Earl of ROSWELL'S, in an- swer to Lord Brassey, stated the instructions which had been given to Sir Gerald Portal for the conduct of his mission to Uganda. That officer was, as far as possible, to maintain peace and order, to develop trade, to help to suppress the slave traffic, and generally. witlaout in- terfering with independent Governments and native customs, to pave the way for civilisation.

main of a series of votes of censure on the Government, aimed at putting an immediate termination to their existence. As to the amendment, he maintained that it could not be said that the Government were evading the question of the agricultural labourer, as as they desired to establish an effective system of local rural government, and to give the agricuitural labourer easy and continued access to the land in moderation. After a speech by Mr. Chamberlain in support of the amend- ment, the House divided, and the amendment was re- jected by 312 to 228. ' THURSDAY. _

In the Rouse of Commons on Thursday eve ning Mr. MIINDELLA informed Mr. Schwann that the scheme for appointing local correspondents of the " LABOUR DEPARTMENT . .

was under consideration and the importance of Man- chester would undoubtehly be recognised therein. Mr. GLADSTONB, answering a question, said the Government thought that the Holm RULE BILL

ought to come on on Monday, and if the debate on the Address did not close on Friday night, be should pro- pose a Saturday sitting. On the motion of the right hon. gentleman the twelve o'clock rule was suspended for Thursday night. Mr. Asquith brought in a bill to amend the law of conspiracy, and it was read a first time. On the resumption of the DEBATE ON THE ADDRESS, Mr. J. REDMOND moved an amendment declaring that the time had come when the cases of all prisoners con- victed under the Treason-Felony Acts for offences con- nested with Ireland might be advantageously , reconsidered. Mr. Asquith denied that there existed, as had been suggested, some under- standing between the Government and the Irish party on this question. He pointed out that the men whom the amendment sought to release were convicted after proper trial, and said is regard to DALY that the facts of his disposal convinced him that the man was supported during the whole of his residence in this country by funds sent him from America, and that the bombs and nitroglycerine he had came from that country. Such men were guilty of one of the most criminal offences against society, and so long as he held his present position and was responsible for the exercise of the prerogative of mercy there was net one whose sentence would be any sooner interfered with than that of any other criminal.—Mr. T. HARRINGTON said he de- fied all tbe efforts of the Government to introduce any naeasure to settle the differences between the two coun- tries so long as the presene attitude of the How: SECRE- TARY was maintained.—Mr. TUSTIN M'CARTIFF while regretting the tone of the Hama SECRETARY, admitted that the present was not the most opportune time for this amendment.—Mr. A. J. BALFOUR expressed his hearty concurrence with the speech of the Horn Swan- VARY and his admiration for the manner of the speech. The amendment was defeated by 397 to 81.

GREAT LIRE R IkL VICTORIES.

HALIFAX AND WALSALL DECLARE FOR THE,

GOVERNMENT.

The polling at Halifax took plaue on Thursday, for the election of a member of Parliament in the place of Mr. T. Rhaw (Liberal). Amongst numerous placards was one signed by Mr. Mahon, of Leeds, opposing Mr. Lister as a traitor to Labour, and asking workers to support Mr. Shaw. The result was declared as under W. Rawson Shaw (L) 4,817 A. Arnold (C) 4,249 J. Lister (Labour) Halifax returns two members. There are 13,398 elec- tors on the register. The figures at the two previous elections follow :- 1888. _

5,427 Mr. T. Shaw (L) • Mr. James Stansfeld (L) 5,381 Mr. A. Morris (C) 3,612 Liberal majority 1892. _

Mr. T. Shaw (L) Mr. James Stand°ld (L) 6,461 Mr. A. Arnold (C) 4,683 - Liberal Majority

===== 0002601_18930211_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
TUESDAY.

In the House of Cora-nro—n-s-on Tuesday evening a num- ber of questions were put on the Subject of Railway Rates and Mr. MUNDELL& read a letter which he had received from Sir Henry Oakley., chairman of the Associated Railway Companies, giving an account of the steps which are being taken by the companies te modify their regulations, and said he hoped that Parliamentary interference would be unnecessary. Mr. ASQUITH Informed Mr. W. Kenny that there was not, and never had been, any intention to interfere with the normal operation of the senteace in The Case of Daly, sentenced at Warwick in 1884 to penal servitude for life. In the case of life sentences the ordinary period for reconsideration was at the expiration of 20 years. Mr. T. Healy called attention to the Obstructive Tactics of the Opposition, and Mr. GLADSTONE said he intended to use every effort in his power to limit the general debate on the Address. Debate was resumed on Mr. Wharton's amendment to the Address regretting that no measures had been announced for the Relief of Agricultural Depression.

After seme remarks from Mr.T.W.Russell and Mr. Dillon, Mr. J. MORLIY Said that while there was considerable room for improvement in the general agricultural condi- tion of Ireland, that condition could not be regarded as a critical one, and he could ,not at present pr pose or support a measure for the revision of judicial rents. Mr. Long complained of the barrenness of the Government's programme so far as agriculturists were concerned. Sir William Harcourt advised agriculturists in distress to occupy themselves more with agriculture and less with bimetallism. On a division Mr. Whartnn's amend- ment was defeated by 272 to 232. Mr. Kluft .FlAanis moved an amendment expressing regret that the Queen's Speech made no promise of prompt and effective legis- lation in the interests of

The Unemployed. He claimed that a subject affecting the very life of four millions of people in this country was of as much impor- tance as Irish Home Rule, and said that unless the Government desired to see the experience of Hudders- field repeated in various constituences they would give heed to the question. Colonel Vincsin seconded the amendment. Sir J. GORST said he did not intend to be a party to turning out the Government before the pro- duction of the Home Rule Bill; but he urged upon the Government the necessity of dealing with this question after Home Rule. Mr. Mundella pointed to various bills which the Government had introduced as showing that they were not indifferent to labour questions, and said they should treat the amendment as a question of con- fidence. On a division there voted :—For the amend- ment, 109 ; against, 278 ; majority for the Government, 187. The debate on the address was again adjourned.

In the House of Lords Lord Newton (Colonel Legh) took the oath and his seat on his elevation to the peer- age. Lord Stanley of Alderley asked if the Pest Office authorities had not power to prevent the transmission through the post of foreign lottery advertisements. The Lord Chancellor said it was no doubt illegal to publish advertisements relating to guess lotteries in t big country. It would be competent by warrant to direct that these foreign lottery advertisements in closed wrappers should ho opened and not forwarded to the addresses ; but the trouble and expense would be very great and not likely to prove effectual. He doubted if a warrant could be issued justifying the opening of sealed letters simply on suspicion ; but he would consider the matter. Their Lordships adjourned at twenty minutes to five o'clock.

- - - WEDNESDAY. In the House of Commons on Wednesday Mr. COLLINS moved an amendment to the Address expressing regret that no measures had been announced for the Relief of the:Agricultural Labouring Classes, and declaring that such measures were more pressing and of more vital importance than any legislation hav- ing for its object constitutional changes in the Govern- ment of Ireland. In the course of the debate Mr. FOWLER said the Government were agreed that the con- dition of the agricultural labourers was such as to call for immediate attention, and they were ready to adopt measures for their relief if the Opposition would let them. The Liberal party had been returned to power pledged to submit a Home Rule measure to the House of Commons. The Government intended the parish or district councils to deal with every one of the questions put before the House in this discussion. Moreover a bill had been promised dealing with the drink traffic, and he was convinced that there was no measure that would do so much to promote the real social well-being of the agriculturist and his wife and children as one that would do something to put a stop to the calamity and curse of drunkenness, which after all was at the bottom of so much of the wretched pecuniary position of the labourers. Mr. GLADSTONE remarked that up to the present the debate on the Address had consisted in the

===== 0002601_18930211_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
EQUIPPING THE NAVY., A OLIN WHICH STRIKES AT FOUR MILES.

A Woolwich correspondent states that the War Depart- ment and the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty have just adopted the new wire quick-firing 6-in.eun for the naval service. The new weapon has been subjected to an exhaustive trial at the Government butts. It is a long gun, and its weight is seven tons. It carries an elongated shot of 1001 b. a distance of 7,000 yards, and will strike an enemy's ship or fortification at four miles distance. Forty cf the new guns have been already manufactured ha the gun factories at Woolwich, and are being issued on various ships in the navy.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
ODD-FELLOWSHIP AT WARRINGTON.

INTERESTING PRESENTATION.

An interesting occurrence took place at the fort- nightly meeting of the Admiral Nelson Lodge, of the loctl branch of the Oddfellows' Society on Mon- day night. An emblem of the Order and a certifi- cate for having passed the chairs of his lodge was presented to Bro. Wiattle, P. 0., F.G. Both the em- blem and certificate were beautifully illuminated and framed in massive English gilt frames. Bro. J. Emson, P.P.G.M. seetary, spoke of the admirable manner in which Parast Grand Whittle had conducted the business of the lodge, and the great assistance he had rendered him (Bro. Emson) as secretary and W.G. of the lodge. Bro. Emson then read the inscription on the em- blem of the Order, which is as follows :—" Presented to P.O. Frank G. Whittle by the officers and brethren of the Loyal Admiral Nelson Lodge, No. 3,462, for past ser- vices rendered to the lodge," as well as the hascription written on the certificate—" Presented to P.G. Frank G. Whittle by the officers and members of the Admiral Nelson Lodge, No. 3,482, for his services in the chair, as W.G. during his term of office, July-December, 1892." He then spoke in eulogistic terms of the many good qualities possessed by Bro. Whittle, and said be hoped he would continue to do his duty to his fellowmen. On be- half of the members of the lodge, he had much pleasure In handing to Bro. Whittle the two emblems, which, as they all knew, he so well deserved. (Applause.) Bro. Rigby, D.G.M. said he knew as deputy Grand Master of the district that Bro. Whittle was not only highly es- teemed by the membqrs of his own lodge, but by the whole of the district, and he hoped he would soon occupy the chairs of the district. (Applause.) P.P.G.M. Massey, P.G. Dagnall, and P.G. Boyle also briefly addressed the meeting.—Bro. Whittle said that in look- ing at the pictures he confessed he did not know him- self. He was not aware he had done anything beyond what other officers of the lodge had done. The brethren had bestowed a great honour upon him. He was very pleased to have been admitted a member of the Order, as he had undoubtedly profited by it. At one time he did not think Friendly Societies could be of so much service to a man, but he had found out that they could. He was certainly proud to be the recipient of two such beautiful pictures, and he thanked the brethren for the support they had given him during his term of office. (Applause.)

X Ll'l3 COMPOUND, for Coughs and Co'ds. Asthma and Bronchitis are relieved by it, 91d. 130. &c.—Advt.

--------- It is estimated that there are about 7,000 inhabitants at Newmarket and the vicinity who,excepting the shop- keepers and a few others,derive their income in one way or another from racing in its various phases. CoAtiummt.—Cement for Broken Articles, 6d. and 18.; postage, 2d. Sold everywhere, home and abroad.—Advt. speaking at Preston on Saturday, Mr. Rimmer, pre- sident of the Lancashire Tenant Farmers' Association, said the new year had come in for farmers with storm and disaster. If landlords would not amicably meet the tenants in this matter they must be compelled to give way. ADVICE co MOTHERS I—Are you broken in your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth ? Go at once to a chemist and get a bottle of MRS. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is Perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button." It soothes the child, If softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentry and diar- rhoea. whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs. Winslow's soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine dealers every- where at Is. lid. per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
LIBERAL VICTORY AT WALSALL.

The polling at Walsall, on Thursday for the election of a member of Parliament to fill the vacancy caused by the unseating of Mr. F. James, Conservative, opened with vigour at twenty-four stations. The candidates were Mr. C. T. Ritchie (C), late President of the Local Government Board, and Sir Arthur Hayter (L). The declaration of the poll was made as under:—

Sir A. Hayter (L)- 5,235 Mr. C. T. Ritchie (C) 5,156 The figures at the last two elections follow :- 1891. Mr. E. T. Holden (L) 4,899 Ildr. F. James (0)

Liberal majority 538 1892.

_ Mr. F. James (C) Mr. E. T. Holden (L)

Conservative majority • 317

TERRIBLE TRAGEDY.

MURDER OF A LIVERPOOL WOMAN.

DESPERATE STBUGGLE FOR LIFE.

A murder of a most cold-blooded character, in which two Liverpool persons were the chief actors, was perpet- rated at Burton Latimer, a village near Kettering, , Northamptonshire, on Wednesday night. Last Monday a young unmarried woman named Louisa Johnson, of 24, Bridport-street, Liverpool, went to Burton to nurse her sister, who was ill. She took with her her young child, in respect of which she had recently obtained an affiliation order of 3s. Bd. per week upon Richard Sabey, sewage labourer, 23, Great Newton-street, Liverpoel, who was, she allegea, the father of the child. Sabey denied the paternity, and, as he admits, went ft= Liverpool to Burton Latimer Station, bent on having his revenge. He reached there on Wednesday morning, and lurked all day about Isbrook-cottage, where the young woman was staying, without seeing her. About half- past five the young woman came outfor the purpose of drawing some water from an adjacent well. Sabey appears to have at once joined her, and the two were noticed to walk a short distance together. Suddenly Sabey seized her by the hair and attacked her with a large knife, and the ploughed state of the turf and the fact that some of the fingers of the woman's hand are nearly cut off show that she fought for her life des- perately. She was, however, at length mastered by her antagonist, who is a fine-built fellow, and he succeedel in cutting her throat in a most deter- mined manner from ear to ear. Notwithstanding this terrible injury the poor woman appears to have run for aboht a hundred yards, when she was met by four iron- stone labourers returning from work. She just managed to gasp out "Throat cut," and to point to the retreating figure of Srbey, when she fell down dead. The men at once started off in pursuit of the fugitive, whom they discovered hiding under a hedge. In his hand he held a blood-dripping knife, which he threatened to plunge in-. to the first one who attempted to touch him. Later on he became more passive, and even offered one of the labourers the knife, which he said he had bought on pur- pose for the job. When taken back to the dead body he said, "Yes, I murdered her, and know I shall have to swing for it." He wanted the driver of a trap passing by to take him and the corpse to the neighbour- ing village of Finedon, where he could give himself up to the police. The driver refused, and Sabey, accom- panied by the labourers then rode up to the village on a 'bus, and on arriving there he was given into custody, and was afterwards brought to Kettering. He admitted in the most candid manner to the police that he had committeB the crime, and seemed to take special delight in his blood-drenched garments and hands. Prisoner is apparently 35 years of age, and states that he is married and has a family, his eldest daughter being fifteen. He has served in the army, and is now in receipt of a pen- sion. It is allwed that the child in respect of which the order was made upon Sabey was the second one John- son had borne to him. The order which appears to have incensed Sabey was made upon him so recently as the so 4th of this month.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
CHARGE AGAINST A WELSH RECTOR.'

DEFENDANT AND THE CHIEF CONSTABLE.

EXTRAORDINARY SCENE.

At Eerriew Petty Sessions, on Saturday, before Major Corbett Winder and Captain Johns, the Rev. Evan Jen- kins, rector of Manafon, who now resides in Chester, was brought up on a charge of being drunk and disor- derly at Mansion, on the 13th ult. Mr. Maurice Jones, Welshpool, appeared for the de- fendant, and applied for an adjournment on the ground that he had only been instructed for the defence that morning, and that he desired to arrange for witnesses. The Chief Constable of Montgomeryshire objected, ample time having been given for preparations for the defence, as the summons was served on the 23rd. After the court had been cleared and refilled, the Chairman asked Mr. Jenkins why he had not taken steps for his defence earlier. Mr. Jenkins, who spoke in an extraordinary manner, declared that at the last moment Mr. Cartwright, a Chester solicitor, had been compelled to relinquish the case, and he had therefore called on Mr. Jones, of Welshpool, as he came from Clsester that morning. The Chief Constable (excitedly) : Since the court was cleared something has happened between Mr. Jen- kins and myself which causes me to press most strongly ' against an adjournment. I think it is very much better, in the interests of justice and everything else, that the 'case should be dealt with immediately. Mr. Jenkins threatens me with violence, and suggests that I have ulterior motives in bringing the charge against him. I have no other motive than the interests of justice. Mr. Jenkins: I do not know this man. I believe he is but an ordinary policeman from Carnarvonshire. The Chairman: Look here, you must speak is proper and respectful terms of the Chief Constable. Mr. Jenkins : I certainly have met him this morning, and I really would not like to say that he was not influenced by some consideration. The Chairman said he must tell Mr. Jenkins that his behaviour to the Chief Constable was most reprehensible and he was exceedingly sorry and surprised at his language. They did not think he deserved an adjourr,- ment of the case,but they would adjourn it for a month. Mr. Jenkins: Keep an equal mind, Mr. Corbett Winder. Keep an equal Mind, sir. The Chief Constable : Silence ! If you insult the court we hhall have to take charge of you. Mr. Andrew, a gentleman farmer, one of the wit- nesses, rose and said that his mother, who was an old woman of seventy years of age, had been put to a great deal of anxiety through the defendant, and he asked for her protection during the month intervening before the next hearing. The Clerk said that if she had any reason for being protected, she herself must make the application. When Mr. Andrew was offered ss. costs for her attend- ance, he would not accept so small an amount. Mr. Jenkins : It is ridiculous. Mr. Jenkins then threw down a sovereign to pay the costs with the utmost indignation, winked energetically at the court for several seconds, bade the magistrates and the Chief Constable individually a most pronounced " Good morning," and disappeared.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EIGHT HOURS BILL.

The Mines Eight Hours Bill is issued with the Parlia- mentary papers. It has been prepared and brought in by Mr. Seorey, Mr. Pickard, Mr. Woods, Mr. Leake, Mr. Jacoby, Mr. Abraham, Lord Churchill, Mr. Cremer, Sir Charles Dilke, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Randall, Mr. Conybeare, and Sir Albert Rollit. The two essential clauses of the bill areas follows :—" Any employer, or agent of any employer, employing or permitting to be employed any person in contravention of this enactment shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding 40s. for each offence, to be recovered in the same manner in which any penalty under the Acts relating to factories and workshops is re- coverable Any person shall not in any one day of 24 hours be employed underground in any mine for a period exceeding eight hours from the time of his leav- ing the surface of the ground to the time of his ascent thereto, except in case of accident."

THROAT AFFECTIONS AND HOARSENESS.—AII suffering from irritation of the threat and hoarseness will be agreeably surprised at the almost immediate relief afforded by the use of •' Brown's Bronchial Troches." These famous " lozenges " are now sold by most respectable chemists in the country at is lid per box. People troubled with a •' hacking cough," a " slight cold," or bronchial affections, cannot try them too soon, as similar troubles, if allowed to progress, result is serious Pulmonary and Asthmatic affec- tions. See that the words " Brown's Bronchial Troches " are on the Government stamp around each box. Prepared by JOHN I BROwIr A SONS, BestOx, U.S. European depot, .33, Parrlngdon-road. London. -Advt.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANTNESS.

If home is to be the very dearest spot on earth, it can only be such if the mother or wife brightens it with the sunlight of her cheerful smile. This radiance must be natural, and the genuine fruit of peace, kindness, and serenity. When things go right, in the kitchen, the aundry, and the bath, the good housewife's face is lit up with a loving, smiling calm, This brightness always follows the use of

===== 0002601_18930211_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
SUNLr • •• . •

,k, ,-,,,, .... ~..,, ... ~,,,.... Is, ..., ), _,...,_ A '. 4,:. 1 ~0...

THE LANCASHIRE -WATCH COMPANY

LIMITED.

The report of the Lancashire Watch Company, Ltd., states :—Your directors are pleased to report a net 'balance of profit, after paying the interim dividend on preference shares to 30th June last, of £4,841 17s. 4d. (including £1,021185, from last year), to be dealt with at the end of the fourth year's working, and the direc- tors recommend the payment of a dividend of 6 per cent, on the ordinary shares of the company, and a further dividend on the preference shares at the rate of six per cent, per annum, and that £5OO be written off machinery account. These payments would absorb the sum of £4,517 14s. 2d., leaving a balance of £324 3s. 2d. to be carried forward. Your directors are pleased to announce that complete watches are now being made in considerable numbers, there being a good demand for the same, and it may be confidently anticipated that a substantial increase of profit should accrue to the com- pany henceforth. During the year under review the new machine shop has been fully equipped with the necessary tools and machinary, and is now in full work- ing order, and the three-story building is now being fitted win the requisite machinery, and from time to time operatives will be introduzed into the various departments. We have pleasure in announcing that the whole of.the branches of watchmaking are now established on the premises with the exception of case- making, which will be proceeded with in due course.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ATLANTIC RECORD OF 1893.

The year 1893 is likely to be one of record making and record breaking on the Atlantic, aud the racing of the year will begin with two matches in this month. On Wednesday, February Bth, the City of New York and the Majestic both left Liverpool for New York, and on Wed- nesday, February 22nd, the City of Paris and the Teutonic in like manner leave the same day. The four fastest steamers now on the Atlantic will (says the "Daily Graphic ") thus be pitted against each other for the last time, because the New York and the Paris return not to Liverpool but to Southampton, and it may be a question of some interest also—Will they break the record from New York to Southampton on their first inward voyage ? The fastest up t ) date is that pf the Furst Bismarck, in June, 1892,6 days 11 hours 50 min., an average of 19.50 knots an hour. It is of some inter- est to note that the two steamers which are to start from Liverpool for New York together on February 22nd, the City of Paris and the Teutonic, have made the two fast- est westward runs hitherto, and the best twenty-four hours' run of each steamer is exactly 530 knots.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
AN AMERICAN RAILWAY "HORROR."

NEW YORK, WEDNESMY.—A serious accident occurred last night on the Cleveland, Columbus, Cincinnati, and Indianapolis Railroad, near Pana, Illinois. The night was extremely cold, and the frost seems to have broken a rail on a trestle bridge. A train from St. Louis was I thrown off the rails and the wrecked carriages caught fire, and the entire train, which included two sleeping cars, was burned. Thirty-one passengers were injured. They were rescued with the utmost difficuly from the blazing train. The baggeman met with a terrible fate. He was pinioned among the trunks in the van and burned to death before the eyes of the train officials and passengers, who could do nothing to help him owing o the fierceness of the flames. Amongst the injured were a wornan and her four children. They were ac- companying to their home the body of the husband and father,who had died at a distant town. The coffin, with the corpse,was burned to ashes. The intense cold added greatly to the sufferings of the passengers.

"TonaccomsTs commencing" Illd.guide(34 ) TOBACCONIST OUTFITTING CO.-186, Euston-rd., London. Est. 1866. A.drt FISH FISH! Flag I—Cheap1—Cheap baskets of fresh fish or oysters sent anywhere, carriage paid, direct from the landing stage, at 2s. 6d. 3s, 4s, 155 and upwards. Try them I All orders and remittances to the Co-Operative Fish Supply Co. Ltd., Pontoon, Grimsby. Thousands of testimonials from all parts of the country.—Advt.

Refs COMPOrND Essence of Linseed, Aniseed, Senega, Squill, Tolu, 130., An. Of all Chemlsta.—Advt.

STOP ONE MOMENT I "On! DEAR, DOCTOR, lUST MY DARLING DIE ?" THERE IS VERY LITTLE HOPE, BUT TRY TUDOR WILLIAMS' PATENT BALSAM OF HONEY. MERE 1$ NO 31011 E TRYING SEASON POE THE HUMAN CONSTITUTION THAN THU PRESENT WEATHER.

Beware of the sunshine in the day and the cold winds at nigh shoold you catch a cold, nip it in the bud by taking the Certain Remedy,

TIJEOIt WILLIAMS' BALSAM OF HONEY.

Thousands of Children have been Savel from an Untimely Death by the prompt use of Tudor William? Balsam of Honey. No Mother shoald neglect to keen this Infallible Remedy in the house ready for any emergency. Remember that it is wiser to check a slight Cough at the commencement than to allow it to develop into a Bugering complaint. Ask distinctly for Tudor William? Balsams of Honey,and see that you get the tighte.rticle. Thousands of Children Cured from IThooplng Cough and Bronchitis when all other Remedies fail. Persons suffering from Difficulty of Breathing should give it a trial. NOW COMNIENDBD BY PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.

When you are distressed with a miserable cold, nose bunged up, throat sore, limbs aching with a general feeling of smothering, a sew doses of the Balsam of Honer will clear the wratohei symptoms away, almost before you know it. There Is nothing like it on the market ; it is thoroughly up to date; it trickles Imo all the system. A Lrue friend, prompt and reliable in its action. Just another word. When you mit or send for Tudor Williams' ratent Balsam of Honey, do not allow anybody to persuade you to purchase something else. If you do you simply throw off th gertuine article and take on with a false one. Wonderful :lures Daily. Thousands of Testimonials to hand from all parts of the World.

SPONTANnous TSSTIMONY. WORTHY OF YOUR . 003SIDERA.TION.

Sir,—My wile desires me to say thst your Tudor %Williams Balsam of Honey has proved a most valuable medicine in Our large family (eight children). As soon as a cough or cold makes ite appearance a dose or Turlor's-Balsain is stance administered, and this treatment is followed op until the cold disappears. Before using the Balsam in our family the child- ren have been prostrate with colds for several weeks, but now, by taking doses as directed. they seem to wafter very little inconvenience. • During the short time the cold is upon them the action of the Balsam is marvellous, and the little ones take it readily and ask for more.—WALTER BRF:TT. Headmaster, Severn Tunnel School, March 16th, 1892. PHYSICIANS HIOHLY RECOMMEND IT!

THERE IS !CO RENCI'or tINDEE THE OANOPY OF HEAVEN equal to Tudor Williams' Patent Balsam of Honey for a Win- ter Cough. if your children or friends are losing their gTip on life and scru•cely able to breathe, they should try Tudor Pateal Balsam of Honey. For weak-chested men. delicate women and children. It cures when all other remedies fail. It cures Cough, Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma,Tightness of the Chest. It cures thousands of children of Bronchitis, and Whooping Cough. ft cures for one shilling when pounds have been. spent in vain. Do TRY Zr. You WILL NEVER REGRET IT

x

===== 0002601_18930211_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
}MAD WHAT PUBLIO MEN THINK OF IT.

"My Children's Cough and Bronchitis ,have been com- pletely cured ma several oetasions by the celebrated Tudor Williams' Balsam of Honey. he tight-breathiag and pain In the chest and hlarsene3s they suffered was dreadful, but on taking the Balsam of Honey they had immediate ease. It acts like a charm on them. I am certain the more the Balsam is known the more it will be appreciate 1. " I am, Sir. " Yours truly, " Aldirman THOMA.B PHILIP WHITE: " Maesycvnnmer." Via CardVl

Sold by all Chemists and Stores all over the World in Is. lid. 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. bottles.

See you get the right article.

Sample Bottle sent post paid for le. 3d., 3.9., and 58., from the Inventor.

D. TUDOR WILLIAMS, R.D.S.L.

MEDICAL MALL, ABERDARE, WALES.

MRS. S. A. ALLEN'S

WORLD'S

HAIR RESTORER

The natural colour re- stored and preserved.

IT IS NOT A DYF.

An absolutely perfect

Hair Restorer and Dressing.

THEFTS BY A WARRINGTON RAILWAY OFFICIAL.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
HEAVY PENALTY.

At the Borough Police Court, on Saturday morn- ing, Robert Barlow, of Nicholson-at., was charged on remand with stealing on the 31st January, and on the 13th, a quantity of china and 41 packets of soap,valued at .124,fr0m the premises of the London and North-Western Railway Co. Mr. P. Davies appeared for the prisoner, who pleaded guilty. Mr. Fenna represented the Railway Company. Detective Osborne, who is in the employ of the Rail- way Company at Warrington, stated that about eight o'clock on the morning of the Ist of February, he re- ceived information from a foreman carter named Wil- son, about some soap baying been stolen from the goods department. In consequence of that information, he went to the prisoner's house. He said to the prisoner, " I suppose you know what I have come about?' Prisoner replied, " Yes ; the soap." Witness then searched the house, and SAW the tablets of soap in the cupboard. On the table he also found a jar of marma- lade and another one in the pantry. He proceeded to the cellar and there found the china and a brush. He charged prisoner with stealing the articles, whereupon the latter remarked, "Yes, they do belong to the Com- pany. I brought the brush home to dry it, and the china I brought in a hurry,intending to take is back."— Mr. Fenna : You were aware that the china ought to have been taken to Mrs. Greenall, at the Rectory, Grap- penhall p—Witness : Yes, sir. Mr. Davies said that all he could say in the prisoner's defence was that he had borne an excellent character at Messrs. Garnett and Sons, and at Mr. T. Sutton's, where he had been employed before he started working on the railway stores. He had been under the care of Dr. Adams for the past three months, and was being at- tended for an affection of the brain. The doctor would tell them thet the man was quite a kleptomanisc. His (the prisoner's) wife had for some time been seriously ill on account of his conduct. The prisoner was still under the impression that he had done nothing wrong. If he were sent to prison it was not so much he who would have to suffer, as the poor wife, who had five children to support. Several of the articles which the prisoner was charged with having stolen were really his own property, some of which the wife had bought her- self. Inspector Spinks, called by Mr. Fenna, stated that he charged the prisoner with having stolen the articles, and he replied " I have nothing to say." He (witness) then placed all the stolen articles before the prisoner, and asked him to put aside those which he had taken from the railway company, and those which he had not. The man did so. Dr. Adams said that he had been attending the pri- soner for some time, and found that he was suffering from a temporary disturbance of the mental equilibrium. fle could not say whether that was a sufficient reason for his having stolen the articles. Alfred Wilson, foreman in the goods department of the London and North-Western Railway Company at Warrington, showed an apron which load been worn by the prisoner at work. The apron when on looked "quite innocent," but when taken off and examined was found to be a kind of sack, with an opening at the top into which articles could be slipped with the great- est ease. Mr. Wilson went up to the table on which were the stolen article, and gave the Bench an exhibi- tion of " how the trick was done," but Mr. Davies said he had never seen such an unseemly proceeding in a police court.

The prisoner's son stated that his father's conduct was very strange at times, and before he was attended by , Dr. Adams he used to go to the Infirmary. The Bench, after a snort deliberation, sentenced the [ prisoner to three months' imprisonment on the first charge and to three months, on the second, both with hard labour. Mr. Burgess (chairman) said the magis- trates had just received a letter which plainly showed that the prisoner had been carrying on the same kind of business for a number of years, and it might well have been put *step to long ago.

CADBURY'S COCOA is ansehnely pure.—The Public Ana lysts have submitted CADBULY'S COCOA te close tests, Ind the result has always proved its great value as a sustain ing and nourishing beverage.—AdoS.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebe " Ci:amintr " 4-verict

VS LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY N EWSPAPERS Comprises Tr HE Warrington and Mid-Chesisire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Si. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Saturday morning ; and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday mornitu.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. coming under the following heads are inserted in ALL the above-mentioned Papers for ONE CHARGE, as per scale given below. SITUATIIINS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT. PARTINERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTSWANTED, MONET WANTED, SPF.CIFIC ARTICLES TOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, ROUSES AND °TREE PREMISES To BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT Only. No Adver- tisement ioserted on credit under 28. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
Vrottsstonal.

ALB and FEMALE NURSES INSTITUTION, 70, 131. Hope-it.. Liverpool. Estab. 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical, and Monthly Nurses. Massage, apply or telegraph. '• Nurses." Liverpool. telephone. 51C.

Sipartnunts, furnObtb 3Pousts, Su.

PRIVATB APARTMENTS TO LET:a it or witho.,t board. Terms moderate,,-106, Lilac Villas, Bewsey-rd., War- rington.

WANTED. ROOM, one day weekly. Widnes, Runcorn, or Rarlestown. State terms to A. 8., Examiner Office,

S OUTHPORT . Comtnrtable APARTMENTS. Three minutes' walk from Promenade. Good cooking. Piano, —Mrs. HOLDING, 10, Sea Hank-rOad.

LANDUDNO, WEST END BOAIMING ESTABLISH- MENT.—This establishment, just recently enlarged, is charmingly situated, with splendid view of both Bays, Great Orme, Isle of Anglesey, close to Beach, Pavilion, Pier, Happy Valley, and Marine Drive. Good management with cleanliness, combined with liberal table, fine Dining. Draw- ing,Ladies', and smokeroom3. Present terms trom 6. day, no extras.—Tuomas JEPECOTT. proprietor.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
q: omeatt iberbantg, srt.

General SERVANT, about 16 ; no children. —Apuly 5, Bank-place. Preatfm.

WANTED, steady, induArious GIRL. age about 15, live in —303. Tong-lane, Nliddleton.

GENERAL 6ERVANT wanted ; st nn g and willing.—Mrs. DARLING. 3, 141irl-A., Keighley.

WANTED. good General skiItVANT. —Apply Mrs. BRA- KELL. 5, Marine-terrace, New Brighton.

NIT ANTED, si reng GIRL. as General. Geo4l references 9,1. Talbot et reet. Moss Side, Manchester,

W ANTHI) soon. a good PLAIN COOK. Wages tie,. Address —25. Vic.orta Avenue, Harrogate.

"DLAIN COOK Wantea. tor small Hotel ; wages £l4, state age.—Apply Station Hotel, Bangor. North Wales.

WANTED, a good GENERAL SERVANT, age from 25 30.—Apply to Wm. PEEL'. 78, High-st.. Golborne.

rZ,ENERAL S gIiVANT Wanted.—Adriress,with pArtieulars Mrs. HEATELCOTF, Hawthorne Villa. lieelee, 3ianches-

_ SEIiVANTS.—Good G, nerals and Hoosernaids wanted.— Apply Low E and LAITHWAITE, 61, Bridge-&t.,

GENERAL Servant (thorough) Wanted ; good wages.— Mrs. FRANK SCHOFIE. D, Mount Ending, Healey, noon- dale.

wANTED, a good GrusillitaL SF,!tVANT, able to de washing and ironing.—Mrs. ROBINSON, The Uplands, Golhotne.

WANTED. a SITUATION as GEOONI ; age 20; height 51t. ASKEW, 83, Lime Grove, Lodge-lane, Liverpool. -

- UT ANTED, SITUATION as Plain Cook, in small private family ; aged 24; country girl.—Apply 41, Monk-st., Evert, n. Liverpool.

-WANTED. respectable PE itSON to assist mother in all household duties, good home.-10, York Place, Oxford road, Manchesi er.

(100 K WANTS SITUATION in pßivate tmily, where kitchen-maid is kept; good references.—Apply 17, Water-et. Rhyl.

WANTED, & trustworthy GIRL under 18, ns General ; references required.—Mrs.STEPIIENSON, 190, Warring- ton-road. Abram, NV ignn.

WAITED. good GENERAL SERVANT, who can cork, wash, and iron. age 19 to 24.—Apply Mrs. RIGHT, 85, Greenway-road. Runcorn.

WANTED, COOK (good plain), for private family.— Write, giving age. wages, length of character, Ito., HALDERNSBIey, AIL Stockport.

IVANTED. a good GENERAL, who can cook; age about 25; good reference required —Apply at 9 Trafalgar- road, Birkdale, Southport.

GENERAL.— Wanted, a thornughly resrectahle General SERVANT, to undertake the washing.—Address, Mrs. BETAN. Denton. Manchester.

A 0001) GENERAL SERVANT WANTED f, r small family.—Applv Mrs. Joust WALKER, 5, GrAppenhall- road, Latchford, Wa..rington.

GARDENNIt and GROOM.—Wantecl, a single man to live on the premises, who can milk well.—Apply Mr. BATH. Berehwood, near Knutsford.

riOOK.—Tisoronghly good Plain COOK Wanted, for Feb: 20th.—State aze anfi irsges required, Mrs. GEXUELL, meadow Brow, Alderley Edge, Cheshire. •

wANTED, SITUATION as COACHMAN. by competent married man ; reference seven and ten years ; age 32.-3 G., 33, Smythe Omen. Wood'ey, Stookport.

WANTED, respectable GENERAL, about 2 . no cooking Sr washing. another servant kept; references required.—Apply Mrs. PRIDE, 8, Elliot-st., Liverpool.

ANTED IMMEDIATELY. Coeks, Housemaies, House- maid Waitresses, General and Farm Bervants.—Apply at once Miss E. 'MIXES. 50, Sunderland-tt., Macclesfield.

IVANTED. at ONCE, experienced GENERAL about 24, V three in family, help for washing, war £lB, appli- cants must have references. - Mrs. W11.3.1a, Dentist. Halifax.

NVANTED. a good plain COOK, wages £lB ; also House- msid Waitress, wages £l6, fnmily of flve —Address Mrs. R. K. RoBIRTS, Tottlngton 1,211, near Bury, Lancashire

GENERAL SERVANT WANTED (for Tradesman's family) at once. Washing goes out. Good wagea• State age, waees and reference to Mrs. MOISLEY, The Grove. Ilkley, Yorkshire.

TIOUSEMAID-WAITRESS. 20 to 30, English Protestant. £l4 to. 216 ; good references required, early riser.-- Apply. by letter. Mrs. COMM 6. Alexandra-drive. Princes Park. Liverpool.

WANTED, a thoroughly res peetati • GIRL, for general housework in small private family, good home, age from 16 to 18 Apply to Mrs. BLENICIROII, 52. Hampton- road . Southport.

WANTED. SITUATION, as GROOM, single handed or otherwise§ ; ride and drive; town of Liverpool and suburbs know well : age 24 ; excellent character.— F. ADAMS Westand, Esher, Surrey.

WANTED. immediately. ft gond GENERAL; small family ; nurse kept; first-rate character India' ens- ahle.—Apply ANDERSON, Restenneth, Stanton-avenue, Didabury. Manchester.

WANTIsI). about March ht, Iwo Sisters or Friends, as COOK-GENERAL and HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS.— Address with particulars, Mrs. ROGERSON, Orchard-road, 13t. Anne's-on-the-Sea, G e‘r Preston.

WANTIC() by highly respectable middleolged person Situation as Working tiOUSEKEEPHIt to Gentle- man or otherwise. Twelve years' personal reference. Pro- testant.—M.. 59. Cawdor-st.. Liverpool.

WANTED, a thoroughly respectable SERVANT, for gen- eral housework ; must have good reference and neat appearance, age not under 20 : wages £l6.—Apply, personally or by letter, to M.. 4 Brunswick-I oath Withington.

GHNERAL SBRVANT.--Wanted, a strong country GIRL, for a small family ; an early riser; neat ; used to wash- ing; wages commence £l2 good charac er indispensable.— Address Mrs. PATTON. Stoneleigh, Broad Green, Liverpool.

WANTSD. SITUATION as bead groom, or groom and coachman, by an experienced man with good charac- ter. 7 years in present sltuat ion and 5 years preyb us; will be at liberty in March. Can be seen by sopointrnent, a sent.—Address Gat.. E,amtair Office, Warrington.

photo I

SMALL-POI( ! I SCARLET FEVER ! I PREVENTION BETTER THAN CURE I! Healthy Homes maintainedby usine BIBBY'S DISINFECTING FLUID. It is a perfect Antiseptic and Deodoriser, and effectually prevents contagion. It is a sure remedy for skin sores in man, horse, or clog, and is not poisonous. Invaluable to Hotel Proprietors, Far- mers and Householders. HENRY BIBBY and Co., Dock Chemical Works, Cornorook, Manchester. •

Air E sCU`MPSTY AND SoNs, SURGEON DENTISTS. EXTRACT TEETH WITHOUT PAIN. 73-1 SLINGTON. LIVBRPOOL-73 Irma /11TROUS OXIDIC GAS. A sRT OF ARTIFICIAL IRETH. WITH ALL THE LATP-T IMPROVEMENTS. FROM 3s. PElt TOOTH. ?Jr cpulpsty's ufvertisement te, extract teeth without; ;ai,. is .trictl v correct. Samuel Nash, Secretary Young Men's Chrirt4ez Amiostation.-10th A.ugust, 1869.

llottls.

EZlantiti.

AGENTS WANTED, to push first-class Machinery Oils. Liberal Commission.—Box 31, Post Office, Liverpool.

WANTED, a MAN used to pickling Plates or Ironwork for Galvanizing.—Apply Wm. ALLSUP, and SONS. Lo., Preston.

WANTHD, at (-nee I YOUTH, /Aged about 14, as AP- PRENTICE to the PRINTING BUSINESS. - Apply Examiner Office. Warrington.

1 nS. TO £2 PER WEEK easily earned in spare time by either sex, full particulars and samples, six stamps.— ENTERPRISE 139, Ruston-road. Morecambe.

TOBACCONISTS ccmmencing. Phi. Ouide (3d.) How to 1. commence. TOBACCONISTS' OUTFIT'I ISM CO.. IE6, Ella - ton Road, Landon. Manager, Henry Myers. Est. 1E66.

TOHACCONISTS and those commencing should call or send for our Price List. Competition delled.—Gosminnieni, Paradise-st., Liverpool. Established 1850.

WIDNES. WARRINGTON. ma. JOHN E. GOODWIN continues to make A.DVANCES FRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Workingmen, and all respectable Hcoseholders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE.

MONEY TO PAY RENT' OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquizy, on your simple written promise to pay back.—Apply t VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WiDNES, and in WARRINGTCN at my Residenca, 134, Orford-lane, any Evening from 6t a 7. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention.

_ TEETH ! TEETH! TEETH! MACDONALD'S FREE DENTORIUM. WHOLESALE ARTIFICIAL TEETH MANUFACTORY (Registered.) By H.M.R. Letters Patent. (Tr..de Mark.) The Best and Cheapest House In the Profession. Single Teeth, 2s. ; Sets. 20s. Fit and Quality Guaranteed. Patienta fitted while they wait. A lady in attendance. The Trade Supplied. All best materials and work= .ethip. Teeth extracted free from 8 to 8 p.m. Teeth extracted without pain. Free consultations. Telegraphic Address Dentist," Manchester. ge. FICCAZoIIa (OPPOsit4 I alirmary Ctuck).

===== 0002601_18930211_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Its Vrtbate Ertatp.

Cl BNUINB second hand VIOLIN, Payments taken %._ir Bow and lock up wood case, 109 6 D splendid condition. only

A pairs of the best Bolton Twill SHEETS, large size, per- Payments taken fectly new, slightly soiled, usual price 38 lid, clear! lg at 2s 11 D

RECIPE, genuine hair restorer, post free. 13 stamps.— M. 8., 110. Hoxtou-st,. London.

SBED POTATOES.—On sale, 121 loads Myates Kidneys, —Apply to RICHARD HELSBY, Woodhouses, Frodsham.

EMI:WC/CATION for SPRAINS, RHEUMATICS, &c. Recipe, poet free, 13 stampa.—M.B.-110. Hoxton-et., London.

eIIItCULAII SAW BENCH, with raising and falling V spindle, good conoition, cheap.—SMlTH, 107, Granby- row, Manchester.

EARTHENWARE.—Seeonds, In crates, £2; best useful Goods, £3; write for lifitS,-EARLE WORKS POTTERY, Longton, StaffordshirG.

BUXTON LIME for Building or Agricultural Purposes.— Apply CLARE and UDX4WAY, agents for same, Central Station, Warrington. •

i EWELLETLY, Watches, Watch Materials, Cutlery. Bleetro t./ Plate.—Wholesale list, post free.—WRIGIIT, St. Luke's- rd., Birmingham.

KNOW YOURSELF !—Send Is. 6d. and a specimen of your writing and I will tell you your Character.—, JUDD, Wareham. Dorset.

01,,T SALE, MANUIIE WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire—Apply to J. Hosmni, 16, Fenwiek-Street, Liverpool,

LARGE PARCEL beautiful AUSTRALIAN ORCHIDS posted on receipt 2s. 6d, Post Office Order.—LINDSAT, South Grafton, New South Wales.

'MEW MARGERY HAIR WAVERS, is. A Decided Suc- cess. HAIR COMBINGS made up Is. per oz.-13RowN, LADIES' CORNER, 3. Leeee-st., Liverpool.

'0 BE SOLD, as going concern, BAKER and CONFEC- TIONEWS BUbIINESS ; etock optional; removing to larger premises.—Apply 155, Shakespere-Bt , Southport.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. (I.IILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to k.l be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever dis- covered.

CLORODYNE is the best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption. Bronchitis, and Asthma. CIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases.—Diptheria, Fever, Croup, Ague. CHLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhce., and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysentry. CiIILORODYNE effectually cute short all attacks kJ of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. 01-ILORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia. Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, ecc.

From Dr. B. J. Bonurox & CO. Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately, and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whalkver organ, and from whatever cause. It Induces a feeling of comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possesa this great advan- age over all other Sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Bari Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla, to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was cimono- DYNE."—see Lancet , Ist December, 1864.

- --• CAUTION.—BE W ARE OF PIRACY AND IMIT- ATIONS. CAUTION.—Vice Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BROWNE. was, undoubtedly, the inventor of CHLORODYNE " and that bhe story ef the defendant FREE- MAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to saj , sad been sworn to.—See Times, 13th July. 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. 11d., 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words "Dl. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE "On the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ' ing Medical testimony accompanies each battle. SOLE MANUFACTURE29.—J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Cirea.t, Bloomebury, London.

&alts bp Vribatt Ertatp.

44 HOW TO ENSURE HEALTH."—A medical work giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of all kinds of Debility ; post•tree, two stamps.— Address Dr. 13Aariss, 48, Lonsdale tiquare. Barusbury, Louie. A.

Enstruintnts.

pADEREWSKI says: "Play only on 'an Erard wherever obtainable.

ERARD. Makers to the Queen, 18, Great Marlblrougb-at., Regent-at. pADEREWSiiI says: " Play only on an EM7Tz-".d wherever obtainable.

- -------- ERARD. lirew Parisian Models now being exhibited' pADEREWSKI says: "Play only on an Erard wherever obtainable.

it/arlitss, 31?0r0t55, eart, il3ogO, &T

DOGS bought. sold. or. exchanged, large variety always in stock. —CHARTER, 100, Tib-st., Manchester.

()N SALE, a useful bay Cob • 15 hands, rising 6 years, sound and good action.—Apply 139, 31ereey-st., War. rington.

DONY and HARNESS, Phaeton, Cushions, Lamps, Rug, all complete ; chaffoutter.—Mrs. LIMOS, 83, Bradshaw- gate, Leigh, Lancashire.

IN SALE.--trish Terrior DOG, two years old, broken to ferrets, good coat, game, price £l.—Address LOCKYER, Levens, Miinthorps.

CENTRAL CARRIAGE WORKS, ORFORD-STREET, WARRINGTON. JOHN KILDUFF,

COACH BUILDER, &e.

-- ALL kind of PRIVATE or BUSINESS CONVEYANCES made to order. Repairs neatly and promptly executed at reasonable charges. Ball/SATIN (MEL

By MR. ROBERT LOWE.

BY MR. THOMAS CLEGG.

1892 'TURKEY COCKERELS and PULLETS for sale, good bronze long straight breasts.—Mrs. CA it- RITT, Theddlethorpe Ilan, Louth, Lincolnshire.

OSALE.—PLYMOUTH ROCK EGGS. cup and prize strain, Black Minorcas, and Silver Wyandotte's, 2s. 6d. per sitting. 13. —J. G POWNALL, Great Sankey.

YMM.—To let, Good COTTAGES.—AppIy THOMAS COWDELL, Estate Agent, 33, Knutsford-road, Warring- fnrs

PENKETIE. 'MUSH, with garden ; also several cottages.— Apply Mr. ItoBERT LOWE. estate agent, Market Gate Chambers, Warrington.

PTH.-- GREYSTONE ROUSE," commodious resi- dence, stabling. eze., orchard and garden ; rent £.50. Mr. ROBERT LOWI, Estate Agent, Warrington.

rro LET, PREMISES, in centre of Warrington, suitable for 1. small workshops.—Apply ASHTON and WOODS, Solicitors, 65, Horaemarketeetreet, Warrington.

rilO LET. House, Eagle Mount, btockton Heath, Rent £lB. Three bedrooms. parlour, sitting-room, kitehen,and other convenienees.—Apply W. Bos'rout, builder, Wildersisool.

illatrtmanp.

MATRIMONY.—A gentleman can introduce suitable persons. Partienlars six stamps. -•• 0310 N," 0.0. Crolsette. 64, Finsbury Pavement, London.

COUGH, BRONCIJITIS, CONSUMPTION,

ASTHMA, DIARRHCEA. OR SPASMS, QUICKLY RELIEVED EY

T OWLE'S

t't H L ORODYNE.

131 d. 28. 9d., and 48. bd. EACH.

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES.

"94, Commercial Road, Peckham, July 12, 1889. " Dear Sir,—l am a poor hand at expressing my feelings, but I should like to thank you. Your lozenges have done wonders ia relieving my terrible cough. Since I had the operation of ' Tracheotomy' (the same as the late Emperor of Germany, and unlike him, thank God, I am still alive) per- formed at St. Bartholomew's Hospital, no one could possibly have had a more violent cough; it was so bad at times that it quite exhausted me. The mucus, which was very copious and hard, has beers softened, and I have been able to get rid of it without difficulty.—l am, sir, yours trily, J. HILL."

===== 0002601_18930211_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
UTTERLY UNRIVALLED.

The above speaks for itself. From strict inquiry it appears that the benefit from using Keating's Cough Lozenges is understated. The operation was a specially severe one, and was performed by the specialist, Dr. H. T. Butlin, of St. Bartholomew's Hospital. Since the operation the only means I relief is the use of these Lozenges. So successful are they that one affords immediate benefit, although from the nature of the case the throat irritation is intense.

WEIGHT

IN GOLD.

' Under date Sept. 8, 1891, Mr. Hill writes: "I should long since have been dead, but for your Lozenges—they are worth their weight in gold. I will gladly see and tell anyone what a splendid cough remedy they are." Keating's Lozenges are sold in tins, Is. lid. each. The unrivalled remedy for COUGHS. HOARSENESS and THROAT TROUBLES.

(1

—__ e The Political A great and remarkable change ' Situation, appears to have come over Majesty's Opposition "which is tile designation to which the combined phalanit e! H Tories and Liberal Unionists are now entitied. few weeks ago the persistence and insistence with which they demanded the very fullest particulars c; of the Home Rule Bill were worthy of aonle ', admiration, though these qualities might h3ve ' been exercised in a more profitable sphere. Their anxiety to know all about the proposals of the Ministry with regard to Irish government appeared at times to be so intense and almost pathetic that it must have required on the part of ministers the self-repression of a stoic to refrain ' from prematurely divulging their plans. But,enlee ; Parliament met almost a fortnight ago, the Or ' position have had it in their power to obtain most at any time, and certainly during the Pre; sent week, a full and official. explanation e. : the whelo scheme of the Government' i and yet they have shown no desire to their opportunity. They have been asserting 3" ' every possible form of language, Parlianaentell ' and un-Parliamentary, that all that is needed ' discredit the Government in the eyes of the eollni i try and to wreck their majority, is the removal 19i: ' the veil of secrecy which enshroun° the plan of Home Rule. Yet, at tilhea :' I present time, nobody seems to less desirous of removing the so-called " veu -t '. secrecy" than those who oppose the Govern' in Parliament. Rather than that should ts' place they are content to raise and keep gel barren debates on all kinds of subjects. So gre„3 has been the change that it is now the GOver-- ment who are strongly desirous of pressing fe,f; ward to a full explanation of the Home Rut° it; and it is the Opposition who are throwing obstacwci in the way. Mr. GLAnsroNE is, however, an a°l Parliamentary Hand" and he decided to force the pace by moving the suspension of the twelve o'clock rule which limited the time fcr discussieti. The debate on the address will, therefore, be hausted more rapidly than it would otherwls; have been, ,and a clear course will be left for th introduction of the Home Rule Bill, which thet Opposition have so often expressed an ard:ell,„ desire to see, but which they now seem with a coy reluctance that is quite suggestive. The debate on the Addres has, at all even' answered one useful purpose so far as the GOvetir ment is concerned—it nas been . the means of de- monstrating that they are, in the matter of de- bate, quite capable of holding their own in tho House of Commons. As each miritster has be% called upon to take It part, he has done so with readiness and a power that have upset some of to calculations of those opposed to them. MrPL'ttri:o STONE, notwithstanding his advancing years/ 5-1 displays the youthful virility, the kernel:l3e gr9o of details, and the unequalled capacity of tion which place him bead and sil°llcletrr. above his compeers. Of this we do not doubt , JESSE COLLINGS could give feeling testimony aftes ' the scathing fashion in which Mr. GLAPSTOI'I _ 111 dealt on Wednesday evening with his pretensio; to be the true and only champion of the agvie ve tural labourer. Sir William IlAncouar als° ga et , ample evidence on Tuesday evening of the fa _ •,, that he has lost none of his pungency of renart_e:u and general brilliance as a debater. It is true thatthat , the opponents he dealt mainly with, on occasion, were n ot of a very formidable charact ri seeing that they were for the most part corapeseet:i , of those foolish people who are dies_ to agitate for the re-imposition of an import duit.; on corn ; or, failing that, to bring about a rise, the price of the food of the people by tinkerinl with the currency. His advice to distresse_ agriculturists—the noisiest of whom, by the wa, —.7e are landlords in fear of their rents—to think tne'as of agriculture and less of bi-metallism wile_se sound as it was pithy. The divisions in the 1iciu.,,,1 of Commons have all resulted in su r bstant majorities for the Government, and altogether ec; dire onslaught which was so loudly threaten

%

D, ye the :ommend

i Dietrict.

sold every

..--....,w----..

V

Bngianci Auturra

AR-i1:310, I' TS

id Storm

TALI- (2)'

R, PILLS' Medicine.

Lnd Wind.

Ppression.

Appetlt"•

he 21004'

e SYstern.

Medietne. Effectua Et pIL bearing tbe nour Voce'

ER,

3. is change er " ger Lich is the lhalan% ei titled. A ence with ,articulats of sone ialit /lave Their is of the verunient id silliest, part to refrain But,sulee the Or btain the pre; ation rernment' to sei°,_e, sorting n, Lamentsll aeeded the l °neer, .emovaA: ,nebronu' at ti/e to bef ~ veil e• vernnlent talo, aeP g°i°7, So gtee. Gayer!r 3sing for' Rule obstacleo an Oid the force :le twelve iseessietl' 9, be e,l: othervasi, t for tb9 vhioli the Ode° to vie° stive• 511 events, e Gove7l- - ef ,ter of de' „mina() has bee° o with s "e Nlt•GtAe. still vearS, ,use gra9r of expOSi. 5110111'1°1 ioubt gr. lon)' af text LanSlo 70tCOSiOrl° ,e sgriet. also ga.: the fact repartee' true that , on that haraeterf c sed coniPe diePesv— port dutY b a rise 513 tinkeril iistresse— the /val.' Link tiwrTi was 9° he flonse, tbstantia' 'ether tbde reatene

===== 0002601_18930211_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
by their opponents in the Debate on the Address has left them in a position which has not been Weakened but strengthened.

The A LONDON newspaper has been Emoluments gathering information and making of Footballers. calculations with regard to the re- muneration of football players, and it comes to the rather remarkable conclusion that consider- ably over a million pounds a year is paid in sala- ries to the athletic young men who " chase the leather' on Saturday afternoons. This, too, of course, only applies to those who play the Asso- ciation game, for the Rugby code does not re- cognise professionalism, and prohibits payment of Players. Allowing for exaggerations—and there 13 undoubtedly room for a very liberal discount on the figures quoted—it is pretty clear that foot- ball is not the worst paid of the professions. In fact, the supply of really expert Associationists falls short of the demand. It is the custom, it seems, for some of the wealthier organisations to ala'aYs have agents on the look-out for likely Young men, and when is found the inducements held out to him are pretty lavish. Certain parts of Scotland are the most Prolific recruiting grounds, and it was a young ketchman from Renfrewshire,at one time a mem- ber of the Woolwich Arsenal Club, who imparted the information to the newspaper interviewer. Scetchmen are virtuous in regard to football—or l'ather they assume a virtue which does not exist Ct for they interdict professionalism and call them- elves "amateurs." But, says the Woolwich ketchrnan, it all "comes to the same thing in the the players do not receive waaesf but there .are always tips on the sly in every club." He leraself when he transferred his talents to the Woolwich Arsenal club received a bonus of seventy Pounds ; three pounds a week during the football I.,.aasen, and two pounds a week in the close season. :11 return for these fairly substantial emoluments, "Played in two matches a week upon an average, 4" " trained " assiduously,the trainin trange to 84Y, including an occasional half-hour's exercise Zith the skipping-rope. On the whole,he considered e money well-earned, for he adds "I have been fil,ettY well kicked and battered and torn to pieces. titiave had sprained ankles and sprained knees by Ige score ; I have had black eyes by the hundred; have been kicked over the eye, back, head, and !Pine innumerable times, and have put out my gligers oftener than I can calculate." After this !lightly imaginative account of the perils of foot- he gave it as his opinion that a man, with av °rage luck, might last as a professional football 131a3'er till he was about forty years of ago, always ,Previded, of course, that he was not killed in the arat season."

Starving A deputation which waited upon C:.1)°01 Mr, ACLAND, the head of the Education Department, on Wed- day, in favour of School Boards being ern- eowered to provide free meals and froe clothing for necessitous children, met with a sympathetic reception. Mr. ACLAND has already infused a and a more liberal spirit into the adminis- qation of the Education Acts, and he is not one of those politicians who will reject a proposal avirePlY because it is new, or even because it in- iv" a somewhat startling departure from old Methods. At the same time he did not, and it wa's Probably not expected that he would, alto- gether fall in with the suggestion of the deputa- tion. The question of providing food for school children is 9.s he said, a very difficult problem That in many poor and populous districts the free. education which is imparted is robbed of much 14 its utility by the insufficient nourishment of the children canrwt be disputed. It is said that in .4cilldon alone there are, according to School Board qatistics, at times not fewer than thirty thousand lChildren sent to school without having had any 4.reakfast. What a disastrous waste of educa- wonal force this must represent, for it is idle to 1-)ect that ch ildren who are pining for food can ttash imilate the mental pabulum that is offered to ena- Something has already been done by pri- te generosity to feed these starving scholars, but Where the need is so great and widespread the ;.`;)rta of private individuals almost of necessity 'lll far short of the requirements. In Paris, it is 4 id, the evil is much more effectually dealt with by a combination of municipal grants and private i"neence, and Mr. ACLAND spoke in favour if gli Municipal authorities being empowered , e similar grants. As he said, without food vo. without healthy surroundings they might as 11 not try to carry on education at all.

A IYAIIIIINGTOS FAGGED SUNDAY SCHOOL. "Ont Sixty gallons of hot pot were distributed at • 6chool during Sunday. In the afternoon there ' evqc good attendance of children ; and in the 44(1,1144 Councillor Dixon presided and gave a good prov,.', to the children and adults. There was a iitiir:vnine of several songs, solos, recitations, tlCt Abe STRANGE BIRTH OF TWINS. It r, lit half-past three o'clock on Tuesday morn- hijl ,?liee-constable Lyon was on duty in Croppers- pea; T. Helens, when he saw a woman who ap- kat7;eu Veryill, He assisted her to Arthur-st.,Police On, and female assistance was at once procured. tleihwi °Man was made comfortable with rugs and in one of the cells,and almost immediately rson'e hurth to twins—a boy and a girl. Mr. Jame- NI) 488iS tant to Dr. M'Nicoll, police surgeon, was "" in, and rendered all medical assistance. Pile lzJe"'hall's name is Ellen Webster Leigh. She had • h liad'hseParated from her husband a short time, and "een to Manchester. She returned on Monday t 'Sod was trying to reach Prescot Union Work- • When she fortunately met the officer, whose t 37 services were most opportune. 144,'I'ZI's and LINOLEUVEI made and fitted free of charge SALE.—J. and WI DUTTON Sankey-st.— Advt. The 7, WARRINGTON FIELD CLUB. 'St the -h meeting of the winter session was held the Museum, the president, Mr. C. Madeley in cnair. Mr. A. T. Gillanders, of High Legh.read hibEiTier Ott "Injurious Insects," describing and ex- t'regt-„Ug sPeCimens of a number of those minute Ihni,,-„-res which either in the larval or adult form spill" serious injuries on trees. The paper which IleN„c)clied the results of much patient labour and seriZnal observation was warmly received and the Who- " BPecimens excited the admiration of all ba,,,Were fortunate enough to be present. The ( liter, and atuhde anyone are held fortnightly during one interested in Natural His- iaf \or 'who desire to become a member can obtain full e raaation at the Museum. k'itktl:Ps and LIN,OLTUMS made and fitted free of charge SALL—T.-and W. DUTTON. Sankey-at. —Advt -1/181' CHURCH., LATCHFORD, MEN'S SOCIETY CONCERT. *4s Connction with the above society a concert Sit,o"'en in the Parish-room, Grappenhall-road, on th,.i-'IIY evening. The Rev. B. B. Prescott, vicar of tro4 Church, occupied the chair, and there was a o,ocie"ted attendance. On behalf of the Men's he had been requested to publicly thank teßat'd°xon for the exertions she had displayed with to the concert. (Applause.) The pro- krs,"43:le included a pianoforte duet by Mr. T. L. Whi,"(l Miss Fry; song, Mr. Fry; song, Mr. J. : song, Mr. Brownlow ; song, Miss Bennett ; /ilf:'!.l solo, Mr. Atkin ; song Miss Lonsdale ; song, iqn kongdin; Lancashire reading, Mr. R. Grounds lj ft Mr. Broadbent ; skirt dance, Misses S. J. and 1341111:Th0MA ; song, -Mrs. Atkin ; recitation, Miss tett„, 'tt, and performances by the Latchford quer- %be,4 . r. The accompanists were Mrs. J. Reynolds T. L. Fry.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
_

LOCAL NEWS.

BETHESDA CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, RUNCORN. Another ot the series of pleasant evenings was held on Sunday evening, when the pastor, the Rev. J. Simpson, preached on " Christ, the heart of God." Musical selec- tions were rendered by the choir, and several local voca- lists and instrumentalists.

If you want a lucky wedding ring go to 51, HIGH-si.,where you will get a present with it.7-Advt.

HIITCHINSON-ST. CHAPEL, WIDNES. The re-opening services were held on Sunday when the Rev. Bramwell Carr, of Manchester, preached morning and evening. In the afternoon a service of song entitled" Ben Naylor, socialist," was rendered by the choir and scholars. Councillor Shores read the narrative. Alderman Sadler preaided. Anotagn TitSVT PROSt MOWS MAREET. A labourer named Henry Stowles, of Victoria-street, was sentenced to pay a fine of Ws. 6J. or 14 days' hard labour, by the Widnes Bench on Monday morning, for stealing a cap belonging to Hannah Murkle, from a stall in Widnes market, on Saturday night. The prisoner pleaded that he was drunk at the time. -

JOSEPH PRITCHARD'S sale shop is 51,Hign-st.. ms workshop 4, Bridge-st.—Advt. THE INCUMBENT OF WESTON POINT.

The Bishop of Chester has offered the living of Hen- bury to the Bev. J. H. Wilcockson, M.A., incumbent of Christ Church, Weston Point. the living of Henbury is of the net annual value of £lBO with residence. Mr. Wilcockson was appointed to the benefice of Weston Point in 1885,and he was formerly curate of St. George's, Altrincham.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
WESLEYAN HOME MISSIONS,. WIDNES.

In aid of these missions special services were held in Victoria-road Chapel, on Sunday last. The Rev. T. J. Kent, occupied the pulpit in the morning and the Rev. P. J. Robertson in the evening. On Monday evening the annual public meeting was held uner the presidency of Ceuncillor G. Davies and an address was delivered by the Rev. J. Surman Cooke of London. There was a good attendance on each occasion, and the collectious realised a good sum. Both PRITCHARD'S Shops are under personal supervision.and customers may rely upon receiving every attention.—Adur.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WIDNES STABBING CASE.

Before the Mayor (Alderman Caossage) and Mr. H. Wade Deacon, at Widnes Police Court on Monday, a labourer named Jno. Robinson, of no fixed abode, was charged on remand with stabbing a fellow lodger, named Wm. Edmondson, in a lodging-house in Lugsdale road, on the 28th January. The circumstances have been reported in this journal. The prisoner was com- mitted for trial. CONCERT AT WIDNES.

In aid of the building fund of St. Paul's Parochial Rpoin. a concert was given in the Drill Hall,on Wednes- day evening, under the presidency of the Mayor (Aid. Gossage). There was a good attendance. The pro- gramme was sustained by Mr. Josef Cantor's Company, consisting of Ma:latm4 Laura Smart, Miss Wayman, Messrs. Ben Roberts, F. Owen, V. H. Needham, and Mr. Cantor. On the motion of the Rev. G. H. Garrett, the Mayor was thanked for his patronage and help. JOSEPH PRlTcHenn,Wlatehmaker and Jeweller, 51, High- et., and 4, Bridge-st., Runcorn.—Advt. A WIDNES FLATMAN DROWNED..

On Thursday afternoon, Mr. Sampson, city coroner, Liverpool, held an inquest on the body of Thomas Hayes, 58 years of age, a flatman, who lived in John-st.,Widnes. On Tuesday night a flatman named Owen O'Neil said he was in his flat in the Nelson Dock. He heard a splash,and on rushing out saw the head of the deceased, whose fiat was next to witness's appear on the surface of the water. Deceased was got out with a rope, but he shortly after- wards became unconscious and died. A watchman em- ployed on the dock said h observed him go to a ladder leaning on a flat. He did not know anything about the deceased till he helped to pull him out of the water It appeared from the medical evidence that death was caused by shock due to immersion.—Tho jury returned an open verdict.

RUNCORN CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY. The half yearly meeting of the members of this society was held on Tuesday evening, in the Lacy-street School, Widnes. Mr. Rogerson presided. The balance sheet for the past half-year was submitted and adopted. It showed that the total sales amounted to £43,583 ss. 2d., an increase of £2,567 15s. 9d. on last half year, and an increase of £4,39 2s. 6p. on the corresponding half year. The amount disposable after charging all ex- penses, including depreciation and interest on capital, deducting the checks purchased, left the net amount £6,183 is. 10d. They recommended a dividend of 2s. 10d. in the £ on £43,5040f check account books brought in, which would amount to £6,175 16s. 4d. leaving a balance of £7 ss. 611 to the reserve fund. A proposal with regard to giving a donation to the Runcorn Tech- nical Institute was discussed, but ultimately it was resolved to postpone their decision until the annual meeting in August. SMALLPDX AND SCARLET FEVER.

The medic-al officers of health- (Drs. M‘Nicoll and Rodertson) reported to the St. Helens Health Committee on Wednesday afternoon, that during the past fortnight there had been 129 births, equal to a rate of 44 per 1,000 per annum of the population, and the deaths numbered 67, equal to a rate of 23.28, against 25.27 in the previous fortnight, and 19.50 in the corresponding period of last year. There had been one death from smallpox and 11 notifications of the same disease. There had also been 26 notifications of scarlet fever. The death from small- pox occurred in an unvaccinated girl who contracted the disease from Runcorn,and of the eleven notificatior.s four were probably directly imported from Runcorn, and seven occurred as secondary cases from Manor-st., where several cases had not originally been notified Should no fresh importation occur there would probably not be many more cases. At the hospital there were 14 smallpox cases under treatment. FUNERAL OF MR. GEORGE MOULTON, RUNCORN. On Monday afternoon,the body of Mr. George Moulton, The Heath, Runcorn, was interred at the Runcorn ceme- tery. Whilst following his employment on Runcorn Hill, deceased caught a chill about a fortnight ago, which rapidly developed into bronchitis to which he succumbed on Thursday the 2nd inst. He was 61 years of age, and having resided in the neighbourhood for more than half a century, he was well known by a large circle of friends by whom he was held in the highest respect. For many years he was engaged in the quar- ries, but more recently he had acted as supervisor of Runcorn Hill, under Mr. Charles Linaker, agent to the Marquis of Cholmondeley. He was a devoted Wesleyan but his health had prevented him from regularly attend- ing chapel of late. He was of a reserved disposition and quiet manner. The funeral was attended by the fol- lowing gentlemen :—Messrs. J. F. Moulton, Wm. Moulton, Arthur Moulton (sons), Joseph Cross (son-in- law), Wm. Ford,John Holford (Flint), Geo. Ainsworth (brothers-in-law), Geo. Dodd, John Bosworth, Frank Rowe, Thos. Ford, Thos. Widders, Wm. Stanway, Thos. Crosby., B. Crosby, T. Bowyer, D. H. Jones, Thos. Molyneux, M. Sweetman, Jas. Gregory,, Fred Wilson, John Sefton, All. Hunt, fly. Willis, S. Smith, Bagsliaw, Worrall, Garner, Dr. Robinson, and the Rev. W. -Arrow- smith, who performed the burial service. The bearers were Messrs. John Ford, Thos. Ford, Jos. Ford, Wm. Ford, Win. Dunhavin, Jas. Dunbavin, J. Cottrall, and Alfred Dutton (nephews of deceased). PRESENTATION TO MR. MEADOWCROFT, OF RUNCORN.

A deputation consisting of Messrs. T. Manning, Geo. Tomlinson, P. Hopwood, and C. Rowe, representing the workmen enaployad at Runcorn Docks, waited upon Mr. Meadowcroft, local agent to the Manchester Ship Canal Co, (Bridgewater Undertakings) on Saturday night and presented bim with a handsome solid silver cake basket on which was inscribed:—" Presented to Mr. and Mrs. Meadowcroft on the occasion of their silver wedding, by the foremen and workmen of the BridgewaterSanals Undertaking, Manchester Ship Canal Co., Mneorn Docks."—ln acknowledging the gift, Mr. Afeadowcroft referred to the good feeling that had existed between himself and the men during the fifteen years he had occupied the responsible position of agent. They had now almost arrived at a very important period in filo listory of Runcorn as a port. When the Ship Canal was opened throughout for traffic, he thought there would be many changes; some portion of the traffic which was now dealt with would probably go direct to Manchester ; on the other hand, they would have a new class of traffic to replace it, and it would be of such a character, and he trusted of such dimensions, as to far exceed the anticipations of anyone who knew the capabilities of the place at the present day. With a continuance of the same rigorous management at headquarters, he believed the Bridgewater Canals Undertaking at Runcorn would become a most valuable and important item in the pre- perty of the Manchester Ship Canal Company. It had splendid water and rail communications to all parts of England, and geographically it was well situated for a large export, as well as a large import trade. The men, therefore, might have good hope for the future, and he trusted they would benefit by whatever changes took place. He again cordially thanked them on behalf of Mrs. Meadowcroft for the presentation they had been pleased to make, and said he should treasure it as an agreeable link in his association with the port and the workmea. The proceedings that terminated.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 11. 1893.

WESTON BIBLE AND MUTUAL IMPUOVEMENT CLASS

On Sunday night last. in the Wesleyan schoolroom the Rev. J. Pulfora Williams of Runcorn, gave a lecture on " Lessons from Mythology or the religion of the ancients." Mr. James Ford occupied the chair.

THE HUNCOUN STABBING} CASE.

The boy Th-o;;;Eisiier, aged 13 was on Wednesday again remanded, on the charge of stabbing Arthur Royle aged 10 years. Superintendent Atherton said the injured boy was improving slowly, and would not be able to appear for some weeks yet. 'IRE SEAMEN'S INSTITUTE, RUNCORN. The members of the senior classes, the teachers and choir held a tea party on Wednesday evening, and after- wards a meeting took place under the presidency of Mr. Shaw, the missi,mary. The Chairman, the Rev. C. F. Montgomery and others delivered addresses. In the course of the evening, Mr. and Mrs. Hulse were presented with a handsome toilet set on the occasion of their marriage. Mrs. Mack made the presentation. _

- When in want of a chaste and elegant wedding or birthday present go to PRITCIIAND'S, 51. High-st.—Adrt.

ACCIDENTS AT WIDNES.

On Wednesday:-;-slater named John Mercer, 8, Barn- street, was taken to the whines Accident Hospital suffer- ing from a severe fracture of the right leg, which ho sustained by falling off a roof whilst following his usual employment.—A youth named Thomas Weate, Edward- street, Halton View, was admitted to the same institu- tion on Thursday, suffering from severe scalds on the left leg, received at Sullivan's works, on Wednesday by accidentally slipping into a neutralizing well.

RUNCORN MUSICAL SOCIETY. The members of this society held a " social evening" on Thursday evening in Bethesda Lecture Hall. There was a large gathering of members and friends. Songs were contributed by Miss Siff:kin, Miss Jer.9l, and Miss Taylor ; Me9srs. Morris, Littler, Scott, Char Birkett, Branch, and Garner. A quartette was rendered by Messrs. Pilgrim, Edwards, Fox, and Nick- son. There was also a string quartette by Messrs. Crossley, Kay, Marlow, and Slinkin, and Mr. Crossley gave a violin solo. Another interesting item was a dramatic sketch entitled " Mr. Willis' Will " with scenic affects. Dancing was indulged in at intervals and an enjoyable time was spent. jOSEPH PRITCHIRD keeps spectacle: to suit all sights from a shilling a pain—Advt. MARRIAGE OF A RUNCORN TRADESMAN.

A matrimonial event in which considerable interest was taken occurred at Runcorn Parish Church on Wed- nesday afternoon. this was the marriage of Miss Eliza Cox Jones, of Greenway-road, to Mr. John Leicester, draper, of High-street, and Leinster Gardens, who were " made one" by the Rev. C. U. Montgomery, curate. Mrs. Coxhill attended the bride, and Mr. A. Linaker acted as grooimman to the bridegroom. After the usual formalaties had been gone through in the vestry, en unique incident took place. The infant son of Mr. and Mrs. Coxhill was baptised, and the newly married couple " stood sponsors " for him at the font, a proceeding of most rare occurrence, and which the friends of those interested observed was a happy augury for the future of Mr. &nd Mrs. Leicester. PRITCHARD'S have now stood the test for 50 years, andquality and tiret-class workmanship are still guaranteed.—Advt.

Tim MAYOR OF WIDNES AT FlomE.

We hear that the Mayor of Wiones (Alderman Gossage) will held his first " at home " on Thursday, March 2nd. Sr. AMBROSE CHURCH, WIDNES. During the past week the Rev. J. C. Trotter has con- ducted mission services at this church, and there have been large congregations.

NEW MAGISTRATES FOR WIDNES.

We understand that Alderman Timmis and Councillor W. W. Gessage of Widnes, have been placed on the com- mission of the peace for Lancashire. Go ID PRITCHARD'S for the beet live guinea watch a work- ingman can have.—Advt.

BRUNSWICK-ROAD MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY,

At the meeting of this society, on Wednesday, Mr. Clarke, of Widnes, read a paper on "The Theatre.' Mr. Simister presided.

MR. Fl. WADE DEACON AND THE LIBERALS OF WIDNES Dlvisiox.

The Liberals of Widnes -6W;i;i,"have invited Mr. H. Wade Deacon, J.P., C.C., to a complimentary banquet to be held at the Liverpool Reform Club on Thursday next in commemoration of the gallant fight he made at the General Election.

JOSEPH PmTodsten, Watchmaker and Jeweller, 51, High- ld.. and 4, Bridge et.. Runcorn.—Advt. SOCIAL GATHERING AT Ituscornr. _

The annual social gathering and dance, arranged by Mrs. Gorst, of High-st., took place in the Public Hall, Runcorn, on Wednesday evening. There was a good company present, who heartily enjoyed themselves. The duties of M.C.'s were efficiently performed by Messrs. Harry Wright and W. T. Crosby. The orchestra was occupied by a band from the Islington School of Music, Liverpool, under the conductorship of Professor Fry,

MOLESTING A GIRL ON RUNCORN HILL. EXTRAORDINARY DEFENCE. Yesterday at Runcorn Police Court, before Mr. Henry Reynolds,a young man named Henry Green- way, aged 20, labourer on the Ship Canal, living at Brick Kiln Houses, was charged with indecently assaulting Mary Pulford, aged 16 years, domestic servant to Mr. J. E. Meredith, Stanley Villas.—The girl stated that her parents lived at Weston, and on Thurs- day night about seven o'clock she W 39 en her way to see them, when near the Battery on Runcorn Heath, she saw the prisoner leaning against a gate. She bade him " Good night" and he respondad. She then said " Are you Dodd from Mrs. Moran's at Weston," and tie replied "No." She started to walk sharply, and he walked up to her side, and then she crossed over the road to avoid him, when he went behind her and assaulted her. She fell on her knees and screamed, and the prisoner ran away. A man named George Dodd and P.C. Benfield had heard the screams and the latter seeing the pri- soner running away apprehended him. In answer to the charge he said" I don't know what made me do it. I never did such a thing before." Yesterday he made the following statement to the magistrate : "I got properly wet through yesterday and it new to my head. I started to go to Weston but altered my mind. When I stopped against a wall, my head was that had that I did not know where I was for about half-an-hour. When this girl came up I was thinking of committing suicide, my head was so had. It came on all at once. I followed the girl along the fields and she spoke to me and then all of a moment with my head being so bad, I flew up against her, and she then started screaming and Iran back." The prisoner was committed for trial to the Quartet Sessions.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN WATER BILL._

From an advertisement in another column it will be seen that a meeting of ratepayers is called for Thursday evening next, for the purpose of confirming the action which the Board of Commissioners have taken in regard to the proposed purchase of the undertaking of the Runcorn, Weston, and Halton Waterworks Company. The question at issue is a momentous one for the pros- perty and well-being of the community, and no doubt the Commissioners will be prepared to lay facts and figures before the ratepayers, upon which they can base their judgment. It is an axiom which whenever acted upon has proved beneficial, that the water supply should he under the control of the local authority and not in the hands of a private company.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BURIAL BOARD.

The monthly meeting of this Board was held on Wed- nesday at the offices, the cemetery, when there were present the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi (chairman), Messrs. H. Colehurn, R. Morris, W. Littler, T. Handley, and W. F. Salkeld (secretary). The Chairman submitted the return showing that the interments for the ten months ending January 25th numbered 57, compared with 64 in the corresponding period last year, and the fees received amounted to £375 93. 8 1., nainst £368 13s. Bd. twelve months ago, or an increase of £6 16s. Mr. Coleburn submitted the minutes of the Finance 'Committee recom- mending the payment of accounts amounting to £7 9s. 7d.

If you wantyour watch repaired by skilful workmen, take it to PRITCHARD.S.—Advt.

•- - - SERIOUS CHARGE AGAINST A RUNCORN TRADESMAN. Thomas Heesom aged 56 years, pork butcher, Devon- shire Square, was again brought up at Runcorn Police Court on Satarday, charged with committing an offence under the Criminal Law Amendment Act. Mr. Mul- holland, barrister, (instructed by Mr. F. A. Lake) defended. It was alleged that the prisoner had on several occasions criminally assaulted a domestic ser- vant in his employ, named Annie Geary, aged 15 years, and had also frequently behaved to her in an indecent manner, the last occasion being on Monday the 30th January. The parents of the girl live in a Ship Canal hut at Moore. The defence was a total denial of the charge. 'the prisoner was committed to the Chester Assizes for trial, but was allowed bail himself in £5O and two sureties of £25 each. JOSEPH PRITCHARD is prepared to wind and keep in repair, private clocks from 10s. per annum.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
A DROWNING MYSTERY AT RUNCORN.

On Saturday, Mr. Worslev, coroner, held an inquest at the Howe Farm, Norton, on the body of Annie Leaver, of 68, Queen-st., Runcorn, who was found drowned in the Bridgewater Canal, at Norton, on Thursday night.— Win. Lever,the husband, said the deceased left home on Tuesday night, and he had not afterwaads seen her alive. Her health had not been very good for some time past, but he knew of nothing that would have caused her to commit suicide. Her children had left home t 3 procure work in St. Helens, and this might have preyed on her mind as she was very fond of them. They had lived together very happily.—George Rigby. game- keeper, deposed to having seen the deceased walking along the towing path of the canal, and Wm. Percival described how he found the body in the canal near Nor- ton Priory.—The body had been mangled by a steamer. —An open verdict of "Found drowned " was returned. JOSEPH PRITCHARD has the best stock of ladies' silver and gold watches in the town.—. Advt. MR. JOHN BRIJNDRIT, LP., OF RUNCORN. During the past week Mr. J. Brundrit, J.P., of Run- corn, as officiated as a steward of the South Lancashire (Southport) coursing meeting, in conjunction with a number of gentlemen occupying prominent positions in the sport. In the North MOOIS Cup, Mr. 'Brundrit entered Beesie Rose by Herschel—Bessie Staton. The bitch ran brilliantly throughout, and decisively beat Mr. H. Red- nal's Bankfield, Mr. M. Bolton's Red Flash, Mr. W. Ward's Mellor Daisy, and Mr. J. Boundy's Scott H. In the final Bessie Rose ought to have met Mr. T. Graham's McKenzie, but as both animals had been hard run it was decided to divide the first and second prizes which were of the respective values of £5O and £25. It may interest our readers to know that Mr. Brundrit's eldest son,Mr. Cecil Brundrit has this week sailed for Capetown' South Africa, in the 'steamship Rnslin, commanded by Captain Rigby, of Illincorn. ?Mr. Cecil is making the " round voyage with Captain Rigby for the benefit of his health.

DEATII AND FUNERAL OF MR. R. LEA, FORMERLY OF RUN- CORN.

On Thursday afternoon the mortal remains of Mr. Richard Lea, of Hope Villa, Little Sutton, near Chester, were interred in the family grave in the burial ground of Tarvin Church. The deceased gentleman who had attained the age of 71 years died on Monday evening after a long and severe illness. Born at Kelsall, on October 11. th, 1821, he came to Runcorn in 1839, and in the establishment of Mr. W. B. Gibson, ironmonger, carrying on business at the premises now occupied by Messrs. Handley and Beck he served an am:), enticeship of seven years. In February 1852 Mr. Lea commenced business -on his own account at the corner of Church-st. where he carried on a successful trade for over 30 years when he left the management entirely to his son Mr. W. E. Lea, who as an electrican and engineer, has comdder- ably extended the operations of the firm. From 1866, when he succeeded Mr. Stelfox, until 1889, Mr. Lea held the position ot postmaster in which he won the respect and esteem, of the public by his unvarying genial courtesy. Outside his business and official duties the deceased gentleman took considerable interest in public affairs. For three years, 1877 to lan, he was a member of the Board of Commissioners, ;mad he also served the ratepayers for some years as a guardian of the poor. On the formation of the School Board he was elected a member, and in this capacity he acted for a peridd of nine years. A firm believer in the volun- teer movement, Mr. Lea joined the Runcorn corp at the commencement of its career, and maintained his connection for twenty years, having attained the rank of Lieutenant some years before he retired. On his retirement he was presented with a handsome testimonial. In politics a staunch Conserva- tive. Mr. Lea was in religion a churchman, and held the position as churchwarden of Holy Trinity Church for 16 years, and he was also a valued manager of the day schools, for which institution he also acted as treasurer. It is hardly necessary to state that Mr. Lea was one of the best known gentlemen in town, and he was widely respected and esteemed alike for his good qualities of head and heart. He leaves a widow, two sons.and a daughter to mourn his loss. The funeral service on Thursday was conducted by the Rev. Dr. Preston, Vicar of Holy Trinity, Runcorn, and amongst those present were :—Mr. William E. Lea, Mr. Herbert Lea (son), the Rev. J. Jervis (son-in-law), Mr. Lea (of Hatton, (brother-in-law, and formerly of Holy Trinity), Mr. Christie, of the Post Office staff, Runcorn, and Dr. Robinson, medical attendant. The arrang-ments were ably executed by Mr. W. H. Rogerson, draper, Bridge- street, Runcorn. On the coffin Were a number of beau- tiful wreaths and crosses. These were from Mt. and Mrs. Lea, Runcorn ; Mr. and Miss Lea, Halton ; the Rev. and Mrs. Jervis ; Mr. and Mrs. Morrison, Water- loo ; Mr. and Mrs. Whittaker, Runcorn ; and an exqui- site WON nom the Postmaster and staff at Runcorn.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND SEEN IT ItUNCOItN

BY AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT.

Smallpox is still with us in Runcorn, but so secretive are the health authority and theirofficials that there is no means of giving accurate informa- tion as to the extent ot the epidemic. I believe it is a fact that there are upwards of twenty patients in the hospital at the present time, and a medical practitioner ventured the statement the other clay that there were altogether about fifty cases in the town. The disease is also very prevalent in the surrounding district, and the Rural Sanitary Authority are dealing with the outbreak in a man- ner calculated to inspire confidence that they will succeed in stamping it out. It behoves the townspeople to take every precaution in regard to cleanliness and diet, and not to spare disinfectants about their houses. Discretion in moving about the town and mixing with company would also appear desirable, judging from the vagarie% of the smallpox patient at Stockton Heath, who,it is to be hoped, will be made to pay dearly for Cie wilful exposure of himself of which he is said to have been guilty.

It was announced by Mr. James Dobson about two years ago, that tne Runcorn hospital was prac- tically free, and there was a considerable " flourish of trumpets" over the announcement. At the meet- ing of the Guardians. on Tuesday, Mr. BraudrAli stated that the only patients who were paid for in the institution were the paupers, and there have been statements Made in the town that lend colour to such an assertion. It has been alleged that the removal to the hospital of several sufferers from smallpox has been delayed until they had obtained orders which made them pauper inmate,. Further enquiry would probably reveal that other patients are charged, but afterwards the charges are remit- ted. As a member of the Health Committee, Mr. Lea asserted that that body made isolation of the patients their first duty ; cost was a secondary consideration. It was justly argued that as the people are removed to the hospital for the public good, no charge whatever should be made ; and the Local Government Board Inspector, who was pre- sent, said many authorities took that view of their responsibilities.

The reply of the Education Department to the inquiry of the Runcorn Guardians, as to the pay- ment of fees for pauper children in attendance at fee-charging Nonconformist schools, was what might naturally have beeki expected. A demand for free education in any locality, made in proper form, will cause an order to be forwarded from the Department to the School Board to provide the requisite accommodation, if the Denominational schools will not supply the want. If the denomin- ationalists are sincere in their desire to educate, they would make the sacrifice of the pence to keep the children under their wing., In Runcorn, how- ever, an extension of the Board'Achool is demanded by the excess of those in attendance over the certi- fied accommodation, and this is a problem the new School Board will have to deal with at an early date.

The first meeting of the new School Board occu- pied but a few minutes altogether. When Mr. Iwison and Mr.• Taylor made an appearance the appointment of chairman and vice-chairman had been made. Mr. James Pritchard was re-appointed to his former position, and Dr. McDougall took the place of the Vicar in the vice-chair. The Vicar was absent from town attending convocation, and Dr. Gastaldi, who has only recently recovered from a severe illness, had had a long and wearying day at Dutton Workhouse, and he was not in a fit condi- tion to attend another meeting in the evening.

There are many who believe that a reform in our present funeral customs is needed, and desire to see It carried out, but give no practical help to the movement. Perhaps the remarks made by Dr. Nor- man Carr at the last monthly meeting of the Fune- ral Reform Association, will incline them to take a more active part in the movement. He said that prevalent burial customs were directly contrary to the Christian faith, dispiriting, injurious to the health of the bereaved, cruelly costly, and noxious to residents in the vicinity of the buried dead. Christian ministers taught that death was no break in the continuity of life, but a transference into a higher sphere of being; yet, after a death, every I room was darkened and the clothing worn was of the despest black. Nothing could be more depres- sing, dispiriting, and harmful. With the light of heaven shut out, the digestion was impaired, and the whole system lowered. The physical was added to mental distress. The body re-acting upon the mind, the depression deepened, and the susceptibi- lity to the malign influence of infectiou4 germs in- creased. And this distressing process lasted hour after hour, day by day, until the body was buried. No wonder, with all this ghastly factitious environ- ment of gloom intensifying natural grief, and dis- turbing vital functions that reason sometimes tot- tered on her throne. Up then with the blinds, and let in the glad sunshine, to cheer the weary heart, chase away the horrors of the dismal darkness, and send the blood more quickly through the veins! And,in inclement weather,let. all the service be said in the church, and the moutners I e protected at the grave-sid.i by a portable tent. To die was as natural as to be born. All who had influence should Set an example of common-sense and sternly oppose all meretricious, costly, and insanitary funeral observances..

===== 0002601_18930211_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER SHIP CANAL -FATALITY AT RUNCORN.

Yesterday afternoon at the Wearer Hotel, Wes- ton Point, Mr. J. E. Worsley, coroner for the honour and fee of Halton, held an inquest on the body of Elizabeth Ann Purney, aged four years, daughter of Martha Furney; South-road, Weston Point. The evidence showed that the girl left home about 9-30 on Thursday morning, for the purpose of going to her aunts house, to reach which the little one would have to cross the Manchester Ship Canal railway, and she ap- pears to have wandered up the line. A gatekeeper named John Heywood saw the child on the line, and he noticed that the engine "Kenyon," drawing a train of wagons was coming along at the rate of about four miles an hour. He shouted to the girl but apparently she did not hear him, and continued walking on. Be then ran in front of the engine, and picked up the child but before he could get her clear, the engine knocked her out of his arms, and threw her into the four-foot. The engine and waggons passed over her and Heywood then then found that she had been dreadfully injured about the head. She was taken home, arid Dr. Brunton assistant to Dr. McDougall was quickly in attendance but the child was in a dying condition and she suc- cumbed half an hour later. Heywood. who was also struck by the engine, was bruised and had a narrow escape. The evidence disclosed that children had to cross the lines to get to school, and that there was no protection whatever afforded. The jury strongly expressed the opinion that gates should be fixed at tho various level crossings in the district, and in returning a verdict of "accidental death" made a presentment to that effect.—Mr. Newman (Grundy, Kershaw and Co.) said the Ship Canal Company would be glad to carry out the wishes of the jury if the Daresbury Highway Board would give them the requisite permission.—The Coroner said there was little doubt that the permission would be given,

===== 0002601_18930211_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting was held at Dutton Workhouse, on Tuesday, under the presidency of Mr. J. Mclntyre. Present the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, Niessrs. S. Taylor, T. Lea, A. R. Norman, H. Neild, T. Lewis, J. Stokes, E. Aaron, H. E. Hey wood, John Whitlow, James Whitlow, W. Whitlow, J. Weir, J. Parr, J. Knowles, J. 31. Williams, J. Wilkinson, J. Brandreth, E. Brandreth, Fl Bretherton, I'. Hall, T. Baxter, C. C., R. Wade, W. Wilkinson, J. Ashton (clerk), G. Ashton (deputy clerk), Dr. Adams (medical officer), and Mr. Dansey (Local Govern- ment Board Inspector).'

INFECTIOUS DISEASES HOSPITAL. With regard to the prevision of infectious hospital accommodation the Local Government Board stated that when a person suffering from illness, including in- fectious disease, was destitute, it was the duty of the relieving officer to give such relief as was required, and if necessary to give an order for the admission of the patient to a hospital in which he could be properly treated. Where, however, the removal of the patient to a hospital was only required for the purpose of isolation, and the person to I to be removed was not destitute, the Guardians had no duty in the case, and the necessary provision should be made by the Sanitary Authority of the district. The test of the Guardians' duty, in the matter was the destitution of the patient and that would nec:issarily depend upon his being in the actual receipt of pkor relief, but might consist in his being unable to obtain at hi& own cost the requisite medical attendance, nursing, and accommoda- tion. The Board thought that the hospital accommoda- tion required in any locality should be provided by the Sanitary Authority, who should agree with the Guar- dians to receive their pauper infectious cases. The Guardians might enter into an agreement with the Urban Sanitary Authority for the treatment of pauper cases in their hospital, and also with the Rural Sanitary Authority when that Authority had provided a hospital for that district. It was stated that the situation had now changed and there was now no intention on the part of the Guardians to. erect a hospital.—Mr. Brandreth said in the Runcorn Hospital the only inmates who were paid for were paupers. As the. hospital was for the pre- vention of the spread of infection, lie thought no charge should be made at all.—Mr. Dansey said that was the large view some authorities took of the matter.—Mr. Heywood said if the representation of the Commissioners and Guardians could mcet together the matter could be amicably arranged.- —Mr. Lea asked if there had been any cases charged for yet.—The Clerk said there had been one sent in for typhoid fever but not smallpox.— Mr. Lea said he was a member of the Health Commit- tee, and the first consideration of the Committee was to get patients isolated irrespective of cost. The discussion then ceased.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE EDUCATION.

The-Education Department wrote on January 23th, pointing out that the manrers of public elementary schools which are entitled under the Elementary Educa- tion Act, 1892, to continue to charge fees are under no obligation to admit any children without payment of fees. On the other hand the Guardians are entitled un- der section 5 of the Elementary Education Act, 1891, to represent to the Department that there is an insufficient amount of public elementary school accommodation without payment of fees of children over 3 and under 15 years of age, for whom such Guardians have been pay- ing fees, and for whom they desire free school accom- modation, and the E location Department have power to direct such deficiency of free school accommodation to be supplied by the ratepayers in the manner provided by that section.—Mr. Norman said that letter made it clear that if the parents of children chose to send them to a denominational school where fees were charged. the Board could not do otherwise than pay the fees if the parents were unable to do so.—The Clerk concurred.— Mr. Brandreth said he understood from Das speeches of leading politicians that any parent nom(' have free edu- cation'for the asking, and he did not understand why the Guardians should pay fees.—Mr. Taylor said many people had thouqht they could demand free education from Denominational Schools. The letter just read would seem to show that that was not 53.—Mr. Bran- I dreth said in a county district there was frequently only one school, and he contended that a poor parent could demand free education at that school.— Mr. Norman said if the Guardians provideo free schools and the parents still chose to send their children to a denominational school where fees were charged the Guardians would have to pay the fees.—Mr. Dansey : You have power to make the ratepayers provide accom- modation, but you have no power to make parents send their children there.—Mr. Ashton pointed out that it would be an expensive matter to provide a school, and the payment of these fees fell upon Runcorn township : It was not a Union charge.

TIIE REPRESENTATION OF RUNCORN. The Committee appointed to consider the representa- tion of Runcorn on the Board reported that after a long dismission it was proposed by Mr. Norman, seconded by Mr. Brandreth, and resolved unanimously. " That com- paring Runcorn with other townships of the Union, both with regard to rateable value and population, the com- mittee are of opinion that Runcorn is inadequately represented on the Board, and recommend that the Local Government Board be requested to sanction the appoint- ment of three additional Guardians for that township.-- Mr. Heywood, in moving the adoption of this report, said Runcorn was not adequately represented compared with the large towns in other Unions. He also pointed out that Runcorn bad a great many poor, and in regard to relief supervision it would be an advantage to the Board if Runcorn had a larger representation.—Mr. Brandreth seconded the motion, and said Run- corn was not fairly represented, taking into con- sideration the rateable value and population of the place. The rateable value of Runcorn was nearly a quarter of the Union,and according to that should have a quartar of the represeeta don with res- pect to the poor, Runctum had seven-eighths of the poor —(laughter, and "That's no credit to them ")—and from those three points of view,Runcorn was entitled to larger representation.—MrAVeir: I propose that we give them Home Rule. (Laughter.)—Mr. Taylor supported the motion.—Replying to Mr. Whitlow, Mr. Heywood said the committee did not wish to give Runcorn repre- sentatives at the expense of other townships.—Mr.Whi:.- low said the committee knew at the same time that the Local Government Board would not grant any additional Guardians to the union.—Mr. Heywood denied this, and said he hoped the Local Government Board would grant them three additional Guardians.—Mr. Dansey asked if they thought a township like Aston Grange, with only three houses should have a representative.—Mr. W. Wil- kinson : Certainly. (Laughter.)—On the motion being put, thirteen voted for and none against, and the Chair- man declared the resolution passe d unanimously.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM.

THE NEW CONSERVATIVE CLUB.

This club is rapidly approaching completion, and it is anticinated that in the course of another week or so it will b;e ready for occupancy. The structure is plain, but solid, and is built of bricks, with stone and terra cotta dressings. There is an entrance hall with stair- case, large billiard room, and lavatories on the ground floor. Above these are committee or retiring rooms. dressing room and large room, which is being used as a Masonic lodge!for othar purposes. The site, which has been given at a peppercorn rent by Lord Cholmondeley, provides plenty of acccommodation for future extension. The estimated cost of the building is about £l,OOO. The centracts were let to Mr. Littler, builder; Mr. George Cliff, woodwork ; and Mr. F. W. Spencer, plumbing, painting, and decorating. The plans were prepared by Mr. Samuel Davies, architect, under whose supervision the building has been erected. Fria Cnossas SUNDAY ScROOL, 1 The annual distribution of prizes to the scholars of this school took place on Wednesday evening. In the afternoon the scholars (upwards of 200) sat down to an excellent tea with their teachers, parents and friends, and afterwards the prizes, numbering about 60, were awarded to the successful scholars by the Rev. P. Pizey. Over 40 scholars during the past year have put in an appearance at the Sunday school 103 times. To add to the attractiveness of the evening's meeting, a pro- gramme of recitals, songs, duets, and pianoforte solos, Ise., was gone through.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL SANITARY AUTHORITY.

The fortnightly meeting was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday. Mr. J. Mclntyre presided, and there were present Messrs. H. Neild, T. Lewis, J. Stokes. E. Aaron, H. E. Heywood, mo. Whitlow, Wm. Whitlow. Jas. Whitlow, 3. Weir, J. Parr, J. Knowles, J. W. Williams, J. Wilkinson. J. Brand' retti, E. Bretherton, P. Hall, T. Baiter, C.C., R. Wade, W. Wilkinson, J. Ashton (clerk), G. Ashton (deputy clerk), Dr. Adams (medical officer) and Mr. Dansey (Local Government Board Inspector.)

WATER SUPPLY TO ASTON, DUTTON, lie. The Local Uovernment Board, adverting to the letter of the Rural Sanitary Authority, of the 4th December, upon the subject of the supply of water to certain pre- mises in the township of Aston, Dutton, and Preston-on- the-Hill, the rural district of Vie Runcorn Union wrote stating that from the information furnished to the Board it did not appear that a supply could be provided to the houses in question, within the limit of cost prescribed by section 3 of the Public Health (Water) Act, 1878, and that they therefore propose to issue an order cancelling the requirement of the Rural Sanitary Authority as to the provision of a supply to the houses in question. The Board requested that they might be furnished with any observations which the Authority might wish to offer as tc the suanestion that a supply should be furnished from the Workhouse well.—A committee consisting of Messrs. Baxter, Wilkinson, W. Whitlow, J. Stokes, and H. E. Heywood, was appointed to deal with the ques- tion.

PAYMENT FROM THE COUNTY COUNCIL. Mr. James Williams, county accountant and auditor, notified the Authority that a cheque for £l3O on account of the salaries of the sanitary officers of the Union would be drawn after the County Council meeting on the 9th inst. ' THE SEWERAGE OF HELSBY.—A PROTEST. Under date January 30th, Mr. W. Farish, of Hillside Villa, Helsby, Cheshire, wrote stating that " our excel- ent guardian,Mr. Brandreth," had supplied him with a ropy of the report of tne Inspector sent the Authority by the Local Government Board respecting the sewering of Flelsby. He entirely objected to the carrying out of ally such extravagant scheme. To give effect to the In- pector's suggestions would involve a cost of many thou- sands of pounds in the first instance, and a permanent annual outlay upon the ratepayers for all time to come. If Helsby were an abnormally unhealthy village,or if any portion of the inhabitants were suffering seriously in their health, or were even likely to suffer through what was called defective drainage, it would become the im- parative duty of the authorities to rectify it with all pos- sible despatch and almost regardless of expense. But seeing that none of these conditions existed and there was no immediate danger of them arising, it would be worse than folly to launch such a burden upon the shoul- ders of many who at this particular time would be unable to bear it. At least it was an inconsiderate move- ment and reflected little credit upon either the wisdom or the forethought fat those who set it on foot. If the town- ship had to be put to great expense to satisfy the whim or allay the fears of nervous, fidgetty people, then the soonerimportant changes were !Ade the better.— Mr. Brandreth suggested that the letter should be pub- lished in the newspapers,and Mr. Parr said it was a very sensible letter. The Telegraph Manufacturing Company, Ld., wrote draw ing the attention of the Authority to the defective condition of the outfall of drainage from the Co.'s cottages at Helsby.—Mr. Braudreth said an alteration was needed. The communication was referred to the Helsby Committee.

THE SMALLPDX EPIDEMIC.-INFECTING A NEIGHBOUR- HOOD.

Mr. Williams, chairman of the Infectious Diseases Hospital Committee, said that acting under the autho- rity conferred upon Dr. Adams and himself, he had to report that with the very valuable and active assistance of the Ship Canal Company, Mr. Jackson. the contrac- tor,their officeis and men,they had succeeded in provid- ing and equipping a very sightly and comfortable tem- porary hospital near to Moore, capable of receiving 12 male and 8 female patients, 2 nurses, and one Male at- tendant. The buildings comprised male and female wards, nurses' room, kitchen, bath, man's bedroom,and store room in the main building; with wash-hause, coal store,coach-house.and mortuary in a detached building. The furnishing had been completed for 15 patients and 15 attendants, but Dr. Adams found it absolutely neces- sary to provide 7 additional beds and bedding. There being no time for seeking contracts for the work or furniture, they had as far as convenient placed the busi- ness with those having contracts for supplying Dutton Workhouse. There would be fifteen patients in the hos- pital that day. The Canal Company and Mr. Jackson had not yet given any account of the Authority's share of the expenses incurred, but they were necessarily con- siderable, some fifteen or more men having been em- ployed daily and many nights for the last fourteen days. It might not he out of place if he, as chairman of the committee, thankfully acknowledged the very consider- able expenditure of personal attention and time given to this business by Dr. Adams and Mr. Farrington, whilst to the Ship Canal officials and men they owed their most thankful acknowledgments. Every officer and man had worked with a willing heartiness which had been worthy of their sincere admiration and gratitude.— Mr. Heywood moved the adoption of the report, and said their thanks were due to Mr. Williams as well as the other people mentioned: he had been most indefatig- able. Lie also proposed that Mr. H. William, be paid his out of pocket expenses.—Mr.W. Wilkinson seconded the motion.—Mr. Dansey said credit was reflected upon the Board for their wisdom in choosing such representa- tives. The motion was carried.

Dr. Adams reported that since the last meeting six fresh cases of smallpox had occurred in Stockton Heath, one at Weston village, and 12 at the huts,Acton Grange. One patient died cm Monday from malignant smallpox. No fresh cases were reported from Frodsham.—ln an- swer to Mr. W. Whitlow the Medical Officer said three of the patimts had been re-vaccinated. Three days after being re-vaccinated they developed the disease, which was of an exceedingly mild type, showing that they had had the disease some live days before they were re-vaccinated.—Mr. Weir said he had heard of a man at Stockton Heath suffering from smallpox, who had threatened, because he was stopped from working, that he would infect all the neighbourhood, and he was walking about the place daily.—Mr. De Prez, relieving officer, said he could produce evidence as to the man's movements. He had made several journeys to the post office on some pretext or another until the post- master had threatened to have him locked up. The man had also travelled to Warrington in the bus on several occasions too, and he had frequented two of the public houses in the district.—Mr. Dansey said the man ought to be made an example of, and Mr. Heywood moved that Mr. Farrington, the nuisance inspector take steps to prosecute the man before the magistrates.—Mr. Parr seconded the motion, which was carried unanim- ously.—A long discussion took place as to the provision of appliances for disinfecting 'bedding and clothing and the appointment of a medical !operintendent at the hospital,and eventually the subjects were referred to the , committee, who it was arranged shonld meet at the ' Lion Hotel, Warrington, at 5-30 on Wednesday even- ing.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD.

The first meeting of the newly elected Board was held on Tuesday night. Present Messrs. J. Prit- chard, Dr. AlcDougall, T. Handley, S. Taylor, E. !raison, G. Moss (clerk).—On the motion of Dr. McDougall, seconded by Mr. Handley, Mr. Pritchard was appointed chairman for the ensuing three years.—Dr. McDougall was elected vice-chairman. The School Attendance Committee was constituted of the Rev. Canon Wood, Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, Mes:rs. S. Taylor, and Thomas Handley, and Dr. McDougall ; Messrs. E. liaison and T. Handley were appointed the School Man- agement Committee. The Chairman is an ex-officio mem- ber of the Committees.—The attendance officers reported an improved average attendance compared with the corresponding month last year. There was an increase in the number on the rolls of 123 and an increase in average attendance of 234.—The Clerk attributed the improved attendance to the absence of epidemic sickness amongst children. The percentage of attendance was ; corresponding month last year 76; increase 4.—The I resignation of Mr. Jarvis, assistant master at Greenway- road boys' school, was accepted —An application from Mr. E. W.Rosser, Greenway-road School, for an increase of salary was referred tc the School Management Com- , datittee.—The Clerk read the balance sheets of the accounts of the Penny Banks in connection with the Board Schools. They showed that in the Greenway-ror Boys' School there were 138 accounts, with £26 2s. c standing to the credit of the depositors ; Green'w.ay-. girls' 174 accounts, amount £25 6s. 5d.; Mill School, 66 accounts, amount £8 6.3. 9d. -4110 ST. HELENS THEATRE ROY:

trow

AL.

--- COMIC (VERA- The famous Burns-Crotty Opera Company will visit St. Helens next week and produce the charm- ing comic operas of " Cinderella " and "The Bohemian Girl." Mr. Wallace Bevil!, the enter- prising proprietor of the Theatre Royal and Opera House., has arranged for the visit of the talented company with all their gorgeous costumes, elaborate scenery, and mechanical effects, and the engagement should cer- tainly prove the treat of a high class histrionic season. The accomplished artistes Madame Georgina Burns and Mr. Leslie Crotty, whose names are familiar to all in- terested an the musical world, will pourtray the leading characters in the productions and they will be supported by some of the finest performers now touring the coun- try. Details of the performances appear in our adver- tising columns.

Sr. HELENS VOLUNTEERS. ' About 100 young men have just joined the 2nd V.B. South Lancashire Regiment, which is considered satis- factory recruiting, but we are asked to state that from 100 to 150 more are required,and the attention of young raen in St. Helens, Present, Sutton, and Widnes is drawn to that fact.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
1 WARRINGTON COUNTY COURT.

THITIZSDAY.—Before his Honour, Judge Wynne

Ffoulkes.

I THE CLAIM FOIL A HUNDRED Genss.—The adjourned , case in which Thomas Morris, poulterer, Heath Side, , Warrington, claimed £36 16s. 7d., from Samuel John Francis, fish dealer and poulterer, Widnes, for 104 geese , supplied, was proceeded with. Mr. Browne appeared for the plaintiff, and Dr. Cominse instructed by Mr. Knowles, of Widnes, for the defendant.—Dr. O'Keeffe, medical officer of health for Widnes, was again placed in the box. He deposed to examining 90 geese, all at the defendant's shop, except six he examined at the Police Station, all of the 90 being bad. The smell made him sick, so that he had to examine ;Dem on different occa- sions. They smelt so badly that the smell would be , easily discernible by any ordinary person. The geese were in an advanced state of decomposition, and must have smelt for a fortnight. They were packed tightly in hampers. There were no other geese on the defend- ant's premises that witness could see, unless they were upstairs. The geese were in an advanced stage of de- composition. Anyone could have smelt them on the Wednesday, the 21st. The geese were fine geese in ap- pearance and weight.—Mrs. Francis, wife of the defend- ant, deposed to purchasing the geese from the plaintiff on the 22nd of December, and taking them home packed in hampers in a cart. She di el not have them opened or handle them before coming away. She said they were rather small for her customers. Mrs. Morris charged her 80. a lb., a id. a lb. more than usual, and guaranteed them good. Witness supplied 14 to her cus- tomers on the 22 nd ,these having been paid for in advance. A Mrs. Summers brought one back on the 23rd, and said it was bad. Witness gave her another, and she brought it back, saying her husband would kill her if she kept it. It was very bad. The most of the 14 geese were brought back. One or two her customers kept, but they were so bad that they had to throw them away, and she had to allow for them. She examined the re- mainder of the geese she had bought from the defend- ant, and found them all bad. In reply to Mr. Browne she said she only dealt in poultry at Christmas.—By the Judge: She detected no smell when they were packed. —James McCreary, poulterer, of Widnes, said his ex- perience was that if the geese were drawn and scalded on Wednesday, the 21st December, as stated, the smell would be taken away for the time being.—Walter Lowe, sanitary inspector for the borough of Widnes, deposed to his assisting Dr. O'Keeffe to examine the geese, and said they were unfit for the food of man.—By Mr. Browne: They did not tell him the geese had come from Liverpool.—Mary O'Connor, of Widnes, also gave evid- ence. She said she was present with Mrs. Francis when she bought the geese. None of them were opened, and Mrs. Francis did not touch them. Witness and Mrs. Francis came home together. 'I he geese were laid out on her table in the kitcten.There were no geese obtained by the defendant anywhere es.—Samuel John Francis, the defendant, was then called. He dep-ised to order- ing the geese from the plaintiff's wife. He had then no other geese in his shop, nor did he •ibtain others until he ascertained that those he had bought were unfit for food. He charged a pound more than usual because geese were so scarce. Mr. Browne cross-examined this witness as to the telegram he sent the plaintiff about the geese and asked him if it was his telegram, on which he replied that he did not write it, he handed it in. (Laughter.) He further, in reply to Mr. Browne, said be had not told anyone that he did not care how the case went as he had made him- self safe by turning everything over. The shop was in his wife's name not his.—Mrs. Sumner, of Widnes, deposed that on Thursday, the 22ad of December, she purchased a goose from the defendant and on the Friday discovered it to be bad, and brought it back, and got another, which also proved bad. They were not fit for Christians to have in their houses.—Margaret Timnperley, of Widnes, gave similar evidence as to a goose she bought being bad.—Alice Bradshaw said she bought a. goose on Christmas Eve at the stall of Mr. Morris at i Warrington, and found when she got home that t was bad. She took it back, and a little girl gave her the money back. If Mr. Sheldon said there was not a single goose sold by the plaintiff returned, that was not true. —By Mr. Browne : She did not take back the goose to have it changed for's. duck. She had never said to Mrs. Jennings she would go far any side that vaid her best.— Dr.Comins addressed the court for the defence. He said it was indisputable that the geese condemned were unfit for human food, and that if so unfit as they were pro- nounced to have been when condemned, they were unfit on the day they were bought. Oaly one point remained, and that was, were the geese condemned. those sold by Mr. Morris to the defendant ? If that was preyed the plaintiff was guilty of a gross fraud.—The Judge: There is no defence of fraud. —Dr. Coming submitted that the evidence showed this.—The Judge: But you could file a counter claim for fraud. —Dr. Comins : That is a matter for future consideration. Something may be done bye and bye.—The Judge said there was no counter claim for damage for fraud.—Mr. Browne : Although it is threa- tened in the original letter.—Dr. Comins said the claim might be beyond the jurisdiction.—Mr. Browne: Yoa can make your counter claim for any amount so long as the original claim is £so.—Dr. Combos contended th. the pretence that the geese condemnedlwere not those sold by the plaintiff had utterly failed.—Mr. Browne said this was practically an undefended action, as the only defence that could have been set up was that the plaintiff had given a guarantee or a warranty, but the evidence of the defendant himself proved that there was none. He said the plaintiff charged per lb. more than usual because geese were so scarce, but not a word was said about guarantee. Mr. Browne called attention to the Lict that Dr. O'Keeffe said the geese were all packed tightly in baskets in sixes, and the plaintiff's evidence was to the like effect. Mrs. Francis said there were 16 hampers with only six each in them—that would make 96—and yet the doctor said they were tightly packed. This went to show that the geese he examined were other geese. The evidence of those experienced in poultry that no smell was perceptible when the geese were bought proved that they were good.—The Judge in summing up said there was no warranty of the geese, and the purchaser having ample opportunity of examin- ing them when purchasing, took them at her own risk, but he expressed the opinion that she did examine some of them, and that all of them were perfectly good when taken. He commented on the fact that one witness said the geese were laid out on Mr. Francis's table while Dr. O'Keeffe said he found them in hampers, went to show that those condemned were not those bought of the plaintiff. His Honour gave a verdict for the plaintiff for the full amount claimed, with costs.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

INFANTS' CONCERT. On Friday evening last a very pleasing concert was given by the infants of the Penketh ‘Vesleyan School. The concert consisted of musical drill, songs, recitations, and concerted action pieces by the children. The programme was performed in a very clever and pleasing manner, the smart render- ing of the various pieces giving the highest pleasure to the crowded audience. In the second part of the programme a miniature play," Fairyland,' was rendered by the infants, various well-known fairy personages being depicted. The entire charge was taken by Mrs. Wilson, head mistress, assisted by the teachers. Miss E. 11. Watson ably accompanied on the pianoforte. MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY. The weekly meeting of the above was lijld in the Wesleyan School on Wednesday night, Mr. C. E. Parker in the chair. In consequence of the essayist for the evening being unable to attend, the teachers and senior scholars from the Friends' Kthool kindly filled up the evening. The programme was very attractive and well rendered. The following are those who took part :—Mrs. Pollard. Messrs. Theo- bald, Reynolds, Linney, and Pollard; Masters T. Yowl, Darbyshire, Spencer, and Sudlow. Mr. R. Garnett proposed a hearty vote of thanks to the performers, and welcomed Mr. Pollard (the new headmaster) to the Association. Mr. J. Peers seconded, and the meeting closed with the National Anthem.

Meratreom oF MR. RONERT EDWARD GARNR:TT.

At the Woodhouse Moor Wesleyan Chapel, ea - ingly, Leeds, on Thursday, the wedding of Mr. R. E. Garnett, of Hall Nook, Peuketh, eldest son of Mr. R. Garnett, J.P., with Mary Louisa only daughter of Mr. T. A. Riley, of that place, was solemnized in the presence of a large company of friends and relations The bride looked exceed- ingly well in a costume of vieux rose, handsomely trimmed, and carried a shower bouquet of exquisite white flowers, the bridegroom's gift. The orange blossoms which she wore were grown at the conser- vatories at Hall Nook. Her only bridesmaid, Miss Fanny Garnett, wore a becoming costume of °obelj°. blue velvet with hat to match. She carried a. lovely bouquet of daffodils. On all hands much kindly feeling and interest has been shown. The gifts have been both numerous and valuable, and amongst them might be more particularly men- tioned the presentation of a silver tea service from the employes of the firm Of R. Garnett and Sons, Sankey-st. and Penketh. Mr. Garnett is much esteemed by those who know him and on all sides, best wishes for the future of himself and his bride are expressed.

CATHOLIC CHARITY BALL. The fifty-sixth annual ball in aid of the Catholic schools of St. Helens, took place in the St. Helens Town Hall, on Wednesday, and was most successful as regards numerical attendance and general arrangement. About £3O is raised by this annual event, which this year had • the patronage of the Mayor (Mr. A. Sinclair), the Mar- i quis of Ripon, Viscount Cross, Lord and Lady Gerard, Colonel Gamble' C. 8., and others. Alderman II ilcock ; again acted as hon. treasurer, and Mr. A. A. Slat T effi- cientiy discharged the duties of hon. sec.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
TAKE CARE.

1. TAKE CARE that you do not by wet feet, damp clothes, exposure to the weather, sudden chills, or the like, get a .'slight cold," a cold that results in a "little cough" which may develop into Bronchitis or Inflammation of the Lungs, if not attended to in time. REMEMEER that GWILYM Bv.arts' BITTERS brace the system. and enable it to resist attacks of Cold, and various other complaints, 2. TAKE CARE that the occasiotal headache, loss of appet- ite. languid feeling. dm., does not become confirmed Indiges- tion ; and that the flatulence, heartburn, or "slight stitch," you complain of does not settle down into Dyspepsia. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTRIVI is everywhere acknow- ledged to be the best preventive of Indige tion, and the best remedy for all complaints and disorders of the stomach. 3. TAKE CARE that the tired feeling, "a little out of sorts " sensation, and irritability, does not indicate Liver trouble, leading to various painful symptoms, and resulting in Low SPIRITS and CONFIRMED MELANCHOLY.

REMEMBER that GWILYN Even' Trims is the only CB- I EAIN RELIABLE cure for Low SPIRITS and other Liver dis- orders. 4. Tsars CARE that your wife's weakness does not become "debility " ; that your husband's overwork does not lead to & complete breakdown; that your son's or your daughter's paleness does not betoken impoverished blood or other mis- chief, and that the 'slight Indisposition" may not be the forerunner of a serious illness. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS is the best tonic yet discovered, and has been fund to be invaluable in restoring lost strength, an infusing new life and vigour into the weakened system.

5. TAKE CARE what medicine you take to cure yourself. The cheapest 19 .KVER the best, but the best is ALWAYS the cheapest in the long run. 6. TAKE CARE that you accept no frAlldulent IMITATIONS Of GWILYM Evexs' QUINUIE BITTERS, which are being offered, and pressed upon the public, with the object of de- ceiving them. The wonderful efficacy and unparalelled success of GWILYM EVANS' BITTERS have caused many to try to imitate them, but unsuccessfully. This preparation still holds its own—as the '• UNRIVALLED Toxic REMEDY." _ .

_ RFZIEMBFR that every bottle of these Bitters has the name LisettYm LYANs on label, stamp, and bottle. Sold by all Chemists in Is. Id., 2s. 93. and 4s. 6d. bottles. or carriage free. diee,ct from the Proprietors. QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING CO., LIMITED, Llanelly, South Walee. American DepOt : Mr. R. D. Wualams, Plymouth. Penns.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

DISCHARGING FIREWORKS IN A KEYHOLE. Thomas Massom,labourer,l4l,Knutsford-road ; George Hamblett, labourer, 148, Keutsford-road ; and John Fairhurst, 9, Barry-street, were charged with discharging a-firework in Knutsford-road, about half-past ten on the night of the 31st ult.—The constable who appeared in the case said the firework was fired from the street through the keyhole of a house door.—Fairhurst pleaded guilty and said the other defendants had nothing to dP with the matter, and they denied their guilt, saying that they were with him at the time, but remonstrated with Aim.—The Rev. E. T. Reed, pastorof Emmanuel Church, said the defendants were teachers in his Sunday sclaool, and very respectable, well-conducted young men, and he pleaded in their favour.—Fairhurst was fined 2s. 6d. and costs, and Alderman Harrison (the chairman) told him the practice was a most dangerous one. Someone in the house might have had heart disease and been so startled by the report as to die. Masson and Hamblett I were dismissed. AN ODD (I) THEFT OF BOOTS. At the Warrington Police Court, on Saturday, James Savage Shaw, a respectable-looking man, who lives at 26, Norman-st., was charged with having stolen two odd boots from the shop of William Leslie, Mersey-st., on Friday night. The prisoner pleaded not guilty.—The Chief Constable stated that the prosecutor was a general dealer, and occupied a shop in Mersey-at. The prisoner was employed as a tanner at Messrs. Reynolds's works. About nine o'clock, he and another man went into the shop and stopped there for some time talking TO Mr. Leslie. They afterwards went out, without having made any purchase. The prisoner came back to the shop about half an hour later with a woman who wanted to exchange a pair of boots. After doing this the woman went out and the prisoner followed. When go- ing past the shop window Mrs. Leslie noticed a pair of boots in his hands. She went after him and asked him what he was doing with the boots. He replied, " Why, haven't I paid for them ?" Mrs. Leslie told him that he had not, and that she had to deal with far "too many of his kind." P.C. Turner was informed of the occur- rence, and he proceeded to the shop. At eleven o'clock the same evening Detective Monaghan went to the pri- soner's house and there saw him. Shaw then told him that he knew nothing about the boots. lie was brought to the Police Station and identified by Mrs. Leslie. When ' charged with the theft of the boots he replied, "That's what you say." The prisoner said he did not remember taking the hoots. On Friday night he went to a public. house with a number of friends, where a new hand was paying his "footing," as it was called. He came out intending to go to the theatre where his wife was, when he met a relative of his, and as she was going to Mrs. Leslie's he said he would go with her. lie did not re- member taking any boots, or if he had wanted them what good would an odd pair have been to him? He did not attempt to conceal the boots in any way.—Fined ss. and costs. DEFECTIVE WEIGHTS AND MEASURES. At the Warrington Borough Police Court, on Monday, John Wainwright, whose premises are at Bridge Foot, and who resides at No. 11, Wilderspool Causeway, was ' charged by Mr. J. Lyon Whittle, Town Clerk,with using on the 30th ult., a pair of scales that were unjust.—The Town Clerk said the scales, which were used for weighing tobacco only, were right in themselves, but there were two pieces of paper under them which made them 11 drachms against the purchaser. He had known Mr. Wainwright all his life as a respectable man.—The Market Inspector's assistant deposed that he drew the defendant's attention to the pieces of paper, and he said he did not know how two pieces of paper got under the scales, but some children had been playing with them, Witness took the scales to Mr. Place.—The defendant's wife said some children were in with hers and they had been playing with the scales. She chastised them on Sunday for doing so, and never I thought they had put anything underneath them. They ' were playing at hiding things and finding them. The Inspector went next door, and she knew this, and could have removed the paper in his absence had she known it was there.—The Town Clerk said there was something in tha:rernark.—Alderman Harrison ,who was presiding, remarked that the fact of the scales being unjust was an offence in itself, no matter what was the cause; and the defendant was fined 55.—John Daley, 63, Old-road, was charged by the Town Clerk with having five weights and a weighing machine out of order.—The Town Clerk said the machine was of an ounce against the seller. caused by one of the arms being longer than the other. —The Chairman remarked that it was an offence whether the scales were against the seller or the purchaser.—Mr. Whittle : Just the same.—Mr. Place's assistant said the Town Clerk's statements were true.—Mr. Place said he had condemned the weights some time since and taken the lead out of them telling the defendant he must not use them, but he had gone on doing so.—He was fined 10s, and costs in each case, 3ss. in all.

A TERROR TO THE COMIMNITY. Edward Griffin, jun., was charged with stealing a piece of meat,value 45., from the shop of Walter Charles butcher, winwick-st.,and James Griffin, Edward Griffin sen., and Jane Dooney, were charged with. assaulting Constable Amson on the previous night whilst in the execution of his duty.—James Griffin pleaded guilty and the others not guilty. Constable Amson said that about six o'clock on Monday night, from what Mr. Charles told him, he went to Town's-end. He saw the prisoners in company with another man, and asked them to go with him to the shop. They went quietly, and as the witnesses who saw the theft were not there, he said to ltdward Griffin, jun.." All right Mr. Griffin, go away." His father shouted," I will summon you for defamation of my son's character." His daughter and sister of the other prisoners, Mrs. Dooney, behaved in a very violent manner, and Edward Griffin, jun., tried to rush past him into the shop, exclaiming, "I will give him saying I stole the beef." He struck witness slightly, but he (witness) took no notice of it, and then James struck him on the other side. He strgggled with them, and Edward struck him again, giving him a black eye. Witness tried to take him into custody, when James got hold of him by the legs, and threw him backwards through the open window of the shop. He was knocked down twice and kicked by Mrs. Dooney on the back of the head. He eventually got up and drew his staff, but was obliged to let the prisoners go as there wag; such a crowd round them. He afterwards went in search.of Edward Griffin, jun., and found him in the 'Soldiers Return," Pinner's-brow. When charged with stealing the beef he said he knew nothing about it, but did not make any answer with regard to the assault. James was brought into the police station afterwards, and in regard to the assault he said" All right," Edward Griffin. sen., said " I will say nothing to you. but I will speak to your betters."—Edward Griffin, jun. leas sentenced to one month's hard labour for stealing the meat, and two months. for the assault on the con- stable ; James was committFd for two months, and Edward Griffin, sen., was discharged with a caution. The female prisoner, Jane Rooney, was fined 10s. including costs. The Chief Constable said the witnesses came very reluctantly, for many were afraid of the Griffins, ivho were increasing, and multiplying, and they were now a very large family.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
_ MINOR, CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT. Sarnaney.—Before Mr. Burgess (in the chair), and Messrs. Chandley and Voisey. Tua BVSIILT OF" SIMAREING."—Thomas Bramwood. and Albert Stout were charged with having stolen a

===== 0002601_18930211_art0065.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18930211_art0066.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18930211_art0067.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
‘,4<-

===== 0002601_18930211_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
and then James struck gggled I with them, and ' vinc, him a black - custody, wh,-

quantity of toffee, valued at is. Bd., from a• shop in Orford-lane between eleven o'clock on the night of February 14 and seven o'clock on February 2nd.—Mr. Browne appeared for the prisoners.—The Chief Con- stable said he would be glad if the bench would allow him to withdraw the case. It appeared that the lads were going home after work, and were larking in Orford lane when they accidentally broke the shop window. 'the shopman said that a quantity of toffee was missing, bnt they could not prove that the lads had taken it.— He was sorry they had been brought in court.—Mr. Browne said that after the lads broke the window they ran away home, but did not inform their parents of the occurrence.—The case was withdrawn. A DISORDERLY PAUPER.—Mary SCally, a pauper at the Union Workhouse, was charged with having been disorderly in the workhouse on Friday night at a quar- ter to eight.—Defendant pleaded not guilty.—Mr. Shearer, relieving officer, said that the defendant took her discharge on Friday morning, and came back in the evening. The porter found that she was the worse for drink, and he could not keep her quiet. It was not the first time the woman had done such a thing. She wanted them to let her go, and to leave her four child- ren in the Workhouse. This they refused to do.—Mr. Curry, porter, stated that the defendant was rushing about the workhouse, "kicking up a fearful row."— Sent to gaol for lit days. Moarnev.—Before Mr. F. W. Monks (chairman), Alder- man Harrison, and J. W. Hayward. Datum AND DISORDERLY.—Jobn Rowlands, in Bridge- st. the previous night, to pay costs.—James Towey, labourer, in Buttermarket-st., on Saturday afternoon, ss. and costs.—John Jennings was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Winwick-at., on Saturday even- ing, also with refusing to quit the Old Ball Inn.and with damaging the window of the inn.—A constable gave evid- ence. Mr.White,son-in-law of the landlord,said on his see- ing Jennings out,he being drunk,he came back and put his fist through the window. He had not the drink in witness's house.—The prisoner said he and another chap were fighting, and he did not know whether he knocked the chap through it or the chap knocked him. He had two pints in the house.—Mr.White said he did not sell him any drink,and his friends must have supplied it.-55 including costs.—J. Ellison in Dial-st.,on Saturday night,s3 —Jane Taff at Friar's Gate,about one o'clock on Sunday mewling. ss.—John Dunbobbin was charged with being drunk and disorderly en Friar's Green on Sunday night.—P.C. Turner said a respectable-looking woman came to him and asked him if he could get her lodgings, and he was trying to get her some, when the defendant, who was drunk, came up and used very filthy language to wit- ness and pulled his cost off and wanted to fight him.— P.C. Baxendale corroborated, and said the prisoner at- tempted to strike both him and Turner.—The prisoner, who spoke in an excited, and almost hysterical manner. denied being drunk, using any improper language, or attempting to strike the officers, and said Turner had a grudge against him.,—He was fined 53. A MILITARY SHIRT DNACCOIINTED FOlL—Michael Finnegan, of Manchester, was charged that he not being a soldier was in possession of a military :hirt in Horse- market-street, on Sunday afternoon.--1 he officer in the case said that prisoner was covered with blond, and he saw he had a military shirt. He said he had been stabbed in Oldham-road, Manchester, on Saturday night. At first he gave the name Moran, and said he I had never been in the army, then he said his name was I Finnigan, and he had been ei years in the army.—ln- spector Spinks said the man's -face and clothes were stained with blood, and he said he had been stabbed in a Manchester beerhouse, but did not say who stabbed him.—The prisoner said he had been fiti years in the army, and the shirt had been given to him by his brother, a soldier.—The case was dismissed. CARD PLAYING IN THE STREETS.—Osborne Wakefield, a boy, of 18. Frederick-street, Latchford, was charged with playing cards for money in Wash-lane, on Sunday afternoon. He was with a number of other boys. He was fined 2s. 6d. DAMAGE TO WILLOWS.—Robert Heaton, 31, Howard- street, John Whittaker, jun., 1. Wakefield-street, and George Burnett, and Thomas Burnett, jun., both of 19, Howard-street, all boys, were charged with doing wil- ful damage on Monday afternoon to-certain willows the property of William Robinson in Manchester-road.—.It was stated that they had been broken, probably for use as shinty sticks.—Mr. Robinson complained bitterly of the spiteful and systematic damage done to his property by boys. It was part of a system of boycotting him, he said, which had existed for 20 years. He believed there was some one behind the boys—The prosecutor requested that the lads might not be birched, but that they might be let off .—The Chief Constable said this was character- ' istic of Mr. Robinson. He did not want to hurt anybody so they took advantage of him.—The lade were fined es. each, in default of payment to be locked up till 6 o'clock on Tuesday night. A CHIMNEY ON FlRE.—Margaret Allen Hares charged with having her chimney on fire on the 2nd inst., was dismissed. TUESDAY.—Before Mr. R. Garnett in the chair, Mr. J. Guest, and Dr. Starkey Smith. DRIINIEENNESS.—John Callighan was charged on a warrant with being drunk in Bank-street in 1890 and re- fusing to appear to his summons.—Detective Monaghan proved the case. Prisoner said he was not aware there had been a summons out for him. The day ; fter the offence he went to Ireland. He had been working there ever since, and he only came back to Warrington on Monday, because he got a letter saying his mother was ill.—Fined ss. SCHOOL CASES.—The following persons were dealt with at the instance of School Attendance Officer Riley, for neglecting to send their children regularly to school : —Mary Hough, Church-street ; Thomas Fearnley, Buckley-street ; James Mossley, Lloyd-street ; John McDonald, Rose and Crown-street ; Joseph Ireland, Hind-street ; Thomas Leigh, Greenall-street ; James Dickinson, 12 Houses ; John Meakin, School Brow; John Foster, Lythgoes-lane. WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr. J. Fairclstigh (in the chair), Alderman Wright, Mr. J. Geddes and Councillor

Fleming. "SHOP Ltrrneo."—Robert Johnson, a respectable looking man, last from Scotland, was charged with stealing a vest from the shop of Anthony Bradley, clothier, Bridge-street. The evidence showed that the prisoner whilst passing Bradley's shop, snatched down the article from a nail where it hung outside the door. The vest was valued at 6s. 6d.—The Bench sentenced Prisoner to a month's imprisonment, and in doing so told Mr. Bradley that they condemned the system fol- lowed by him and other shop-keepers, in hanging light goods outside.—Mr. Bradley :We have to get our living and we are compelled to do it.—Samuel Kerry and William Iligginson, 32, Stamford-street, were charged Iwith stealing three women's shawls, from the shop of Isaac Houghton, pawnbroker, Mersey-street, on Tuesday evening.—The evidence given showed that the prisoners visited Mr. Houghton's shop late on the evening in question. When they left the establishment, a woman ' ran in and said that two men had run away, with three shawls. Two of Mr. Houghton's sons—Charles and , William—gave chase to the meia, accompanied by Con- stable Barnett, and arrested the prisoners in Wharf-st. Kerry then said that he alone was guilty of the theft, and that Higginson had not helped him. Charles Houghton, said that the two defendants after leaving his father's shop, snatched down the three shawls which were hanging outside the door on a nail.—The Chair- man : We think it our duty to tell Mr. Houghton that the system of hanging articles outside is a most un- desirable one, and ought to be condemned. It en- courages theft by means of the temptation it affords.— The prisoners stated that they did not pull the articles I down, but found them lying on the floor.—Each prisoner was sentenced to a month's imprisonment. THURSDAY.—Before Aldermen Chandley (in the chair), Captain Ridgway and Mr. T. Faircleugh. FALSE ATTESTATION.—ThOMaS Grant,of Li verp,ol,was sent to prison for a month for making a false attestation whilst endeavouring to enlist in the Militia at Warring- ton on the 19th A PUGNACIOUS PRISONER. —Win. Shuffieton ,of Cheshire Cheese Yard, Winwick-road, was charged with being drunk and disorderly the previous night and also with assaulting P.C. Roper. The evidence showed that the prisoner who was creating a disturbance in Winwick- road, was cautioned by the officer, but upon persisting; in his disorderly behaviour', the policeman attempted to lock him U. Prisoner therefore struck Roper. Fined 20s. and costs. FRlDAY.—Before Alderman Wright (in the chair), Alder- man Chandley, Councillor Roberts, and Mr. W. Pier-

point. "No SOONER otrr THAN ht."—Elizabeth Rutherford, : a servant girl, who was released from Strangeways Jail, on Thursday, was charged with stealing a ring and other articles of jewellery from the 'loose of Mr. Blackhurst, I jeweller, Grappenhall. The evidence showed that the ' prisoner went La Mr. Blackhurst's house as servant in July last. She remained until August and then left. A day or two after she had gone the jewellery was missed. Two or three weeks ago D.S. Monaghan was informed of the circumstances of the affair, and he at once com- menced investigations, and he discovered at Greaves' pawnshop the prisoner had pledged one of the rings for 65., but it had had a valuable stone taken out of it. The ring had been redeemed by the prisoner, and the stone replaced, and then pledged again for £2 2s. Several other articles which she had stolen had been traced,and it was found that the prisoner had given one valuable ring to a young man. Mr. Hunt said the girl, who had once been a respectable promising servant-, had latterly beon going terribly the wrong way. He had got several grave charges against her which he would not mention then. After considering the case the Bench decided to deal with it leniently. Prisoner was handed ,over to the charge of Mr. Taylor, Police Court Missionary. SERIOUS CHA ROE AGAINST FEMALES. —Mary Ann Rath- bone, 9, Flag-lane, Mary McCoy, no address, and Hannah McCoy, were charged with assaulting Harriet Rodgers a married woman.—Mr. A. Browne appeared for the defence.—Mr.' Hunt, chief constable, in opening the case said the parties were van travellers, with the exception of Mrs. Rathbone, who had a yard in which the vans of the others were kept. From the evidence which he had obtained it seemed that the complainant went to McCoy's van to seek her husband.' He was not there, and she at the invitation of Mrs. McCoy remained In the van and had' a drink of beer. When she was about to leave the Tan, the prisoners all set' on her and

===== 0002601_18930211_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1893.

abused and assaulted her in a dreadful manner. She ' 1 could'not appear in consequence of her injuries.—Mr. A. Browne si id that he had witnesses, amongst them a constable, who could prove that the complainant was not abused, and that she received her injuries by falling from the van upon a glass bottle: Be could prove fur- ther that the defendant was acting in a disorderly man- ner, and that a constable had had to threaten to lock her up for using obscene language.—Dr. Jack was called and gave evidence to the effect that the complainant as brought to him the previous day suffering from several bruises and cuts which were plainly the results of kicks. She would not be able to attend court for seven days.—The Bench adjourned the case for a week, the three prisaners being allowed bail in their own recognizances. ALLEGED NEcii.ncr OF FAMILY.—John Fleming, a labourer, of no fixed anode, was charged with allowing his wife and four children to become chargeable to the common fund of the Union.—Mr. B. Shearer, appeared for the Board of Guardians.—Defendant stated that he was suffering from rheumatism, and bronchitis and un- able to work. The Bench adjourned the case for a week so as to give the defendant an opportunity to produce a doctors certificate.

RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS. MoimaY.—Before Mr. J. 13rundrit, and Mr. H. Reynolds. MISCILLANBOUS.—Five boys named Walter Hazlehurst Ernest Nicol, Joseph Neil, John Gilligan, and Isaac Rothwell, were each fined ss. and costs for playing pitch and toss.—For using obscene language a similar penalty was imposed upon Mary Garner, Cooper-street. —James Toole, of Warrington, was charged with ob- structing Church-street, by allowing a horse and cart to remain an unreasonable time on January 28th. The following were fined ss. and costs for being drunk and disorderly :—Arm Harrison, Ann Corcoran, Jas. Jones. and Mary Dolman.

WIDNES PETTY SESSIONS. DIAIRSDAY.—Before Messrs. E. K. Muspratt, and the

Mayor (Alderman Gossage). MISCELLANEOUS.—Six men and one woman were eath fined for druokenness.—Hannah Ryder, Albert-road, summoned Mary Ellen McKay of the same neighbour- hood, for assaulting her.—The case was dismissed.— Win. Lomas and Michael Mahoney both carters of War- rington, were fined 2s. 6d. And ss. and costs respec- tively for breaches of the Highway Act.—For allowing their chimneys to be on fire Bernard Brennon, Caroline- Bt., and John Wells. Ann-st., were each fined is. and costs. Eleven parents were fined for not sending their children regularly to school.

tory, where some fine passing between Lally, Barnes, and Lawless enabled Massey to sprint splendidly to the line. For a long time Oldham were Subjected to a Heavy Pressure, - •

and many times the smart Wircington men were almost over,the stubborn defence of the home team being equal to all demands. At length Lees got away to midfield, Tears, Molyneux, Monks' and Bailey rushing the ball back. A beautiful kick by Lawless was succeeded by an irresistible rush of the whole body of the Warrington forwards, and while the battlo was raging under the posts Lally and Barnes very cleverly got the leather away to Massey, and that player, kicking over the line, raced up and scored. Oldham then had a chance, mak- ing their first invasion into their opponents' 25 • but again the Warrington forwards, beaded by Glover;Eden, Davies,and Hampson came swooping down the ground. A really splendid bolt of work followed this episode. Barnes threw ,to Lally, who, bafflng his opponent, ran 'down the field, : Passing at the Right Moment to Lawless, who ran in beautifully amidst unstinted applause. Barnes kicked a fine goal. Still Oldham could not clear, the brilliant play of the whole of the forwards carrying all before them, Edwards, Bailey, Hampson, and Davies being conspicuous. A free kick to Oldham was followed by further passing by Warrington, and then Barnes ran finely to the line, threw to Lawless, who re-passed te Massey,the latter grounding on the line,but a five yards' scrimmage was ordered. In this half Warrington Continually Pressed, and soon after the restart Lally, who played extremely well throughout, stole away down the field and passed to Potts. Oldham relieved temporarily,for Lally,Barnes, and Teare ran and passed grandly, the home team very luckily escaping with a minor. Some very fine kicking was then witnessed,and danger threatened when, Hemp- son dribbled over, Hayhurst preferring to run the leather out. It took Oldham all their time to keep their smart and vigorous antagonists from scoring, Platt in his anxiety to clear picking out of scrimmage, and was in consequence penalised right opposite the goal. Barnes carefully took the place,kieking an unmistakable goal. Then Oldham made a bit of a spurt, but again the Warringtonians carried the ball right - down the ground, followed by Teare running and passing. Here Potts ran strongly, but could not force a passage. The visitors continued to press severely, owing to the very fine display of the forwards, audit was mainly owing to their superb play that the warfare was contested at , least 60 out of the 70 minutes in Oldham territory. Final—Warrington, 2-1-4 to 0-0-0. .

WARRINGTON 2ND T. ROCHDALE RANGERS.—PIayed at Rochdale on Saturday. Warrington kicked off, and brilliant passing by Smith and Houghton enabled the jest-named to score, " Everehed "failing. From the drop out the visitors again attacked, and Smith getting away from a scrimmage, passed to Houghton. this player throwieg to Hughes, who in turn passed to Barrett, a splendid piece of work ending in the last- named scoring, " Evershed " kicking a goal. The home team now showed up but could not score, owing to the grand defence of the visitors. Half-time score—War- rington, one goal, one try, to nil. Warrington now had the advantage of the slope, and before the second half was many minutes old Lawless scored. From the drop- out Gibson got hold, and after eluding several of his opponents scored a clever try, " Evershed " kicking a grand goal, but the referee tailed to allow the point. Hughes now had a good chance of getting in, but pre- ferred to drop at goal. Warrington continued to press, J. Thornton, H. Rowe, and H. Gibson again scoring. Final score—Warrington 1-6-3 to nil. BROUGHTON T. RUNCORN.—At Broughton, before a poor attendance of spectators. Brotighton were without the services of Dixon and Piercy, the latter of whom had his shoulder dislocated during the match at Rusholme, whilst Houghton, Faulkner, and Abrams were away from the visitors' side. For Ruucorn, Warder gave a splendid exhibition of full-back play, and Crompton and G. Robinson put in some good work at three-quarter, whilst Riley and Taylor were very noticeable in the for- wards. For the home team C. Craven and Hassan played a good game, and Whiteley was particularly conspicu- ous' whilst Squires and Munro were prominent among the forwards. The game throughout was evenly con- tested, and resulted in a win for the visitors by two points to nil. The following were the teams :—Brough- ton :S. Robinson, full-back ;C. E. Craven, S. Craven, and S. Hassan, three-quarter hacks; D. Roberts, G. H. Roberts, and W. Whiteley, half-backs; E. Broadbent, S. 1 L. Middleton, J. Munro J. Shepherd, G. Skidmore (captain), J. Squires, A. Munro, and G. Tomlinson, forwards. Runcorn: T. Warder, full-back; E. J. Morris, J. H. Crompton (captain), and T. itobinson, three-quarter backs; G. Robinson and J. Davies, half- backs; P. Riley, A. Hampson, H. Williams, A. Taylor, J. Langley, S. Derbyshire, T. Steele, G. Evans, and 11. Farmer, forwards. Touch line judges: Messrs. J. H. Dickson, Broughton, and J. Sherlock, Runcorn. Referee : Mr. H. Vipond, Manchester Free Wanderers. BIRKENHEAD Wearnanees V. WIDNES.—These teams met on the St. Anne's enclosure on Saturday, before a goodly number of spectators. The home side still suffered from absenteeism, and that of the visitors was not so good as it has otherwise been. Widnes kicked off, and after the usual exchanges, the Wanderers' van got well down. Hughes sprinted nicely down, and shortly afterwards the Wanderers opened the scoring account, but the kick at goal was a failure. Dropping out, the Widnes forwards carried several packs, and the ball was taken on the line, but for informality of rule was ordered back egain. Hughes relieved the pressure by means of a clever run, but the Widnesians were not to be denied, and attacked strongly, Emery eventually crossing the line the goal kick being successful. Nothing further was scored in the first half, and on ends being changed Widnes bad a lead of 5 points to 2. On resusn- ing Widnes pressed, but the home defence was a strong point. At length the home colours were again lowered on Barber getting possession and dropping a neat goal. The Chemicals had all the best of matters up to the close, and, putting on a couple of tries, won a hard game by 2 goals and 2 tries to 1 try. RUNCORN A v. Booyr-e..—At Runcorn on Saturday afternoon. Runcorn started the ball, and followed up. After a scrimmage, there was some loose play, till Brady kicked in touch near Runcorn goal. Molyneux and Dunravand brought it to the centre. From, a punt by Abel the Bootle forwards followed up, but could not score, and were soon forced back. After this Antrobus got held, and scored, no goal resulting. Half-time score Runcorn one try; Bootle. nil. After the interval Bootle ' took the 'bell forward, but Farmer relieved. Dunbayand I then got the ball and ran in. The Bootle men pressed. Then Darlington scored, Webb kicking foul. Play for a time was of a loose character. Before the finish Run- corn again put in another score, but once more failed at goal. Final result: Runcorn, four tries; Bootle, nil. RUNCORN GREAT CHARITY MATCIL—the "Liverpool Mercury" thus refers to the forthcoming match at Liverpool for the Davies fund and the benefit of the club funds :—lt is a pleasure to be able to announce the de- finite settlement of the Runcorn and Swinton match. Apart from the interest in the encounter naturally aris- ing from the peculiar circumstances which have led up to the fixture—the severe financial handicapping of Run- corn, playing in a town of small "gate" power, and subject to heavy travelling expenses—the match offers unique features that will doubtless attract a peculiarly mixed attendance at Goedison Park. To see the cham- pions of Lancashire and the champions of Cheshire on neutral territory, and in the very stronghold of the rival game, is like the worship of Mercury in the Temple of Apollo. No doubt the novelty will attract a goodly sprinkling of the Everton devotees, curious to see a game about which most of them know very little, and willing to have it brought to their doors and expounded by adepts. Nor is the Rugby-seeing following likely to miss an opportunity of seeing what is undoubtedly the first football ground in the country. The Everton man- 'gement are already notorious for their generosity in arity and benefit matches, and this can do little to add to their credit, so well is it already established. But it is no usual courtesy to grant association ground for the help of a Rugby club, free of all cost, as the Everton committee are doing, and this fact deserves to be well known. We wish this unique match every success, and a heavy gate for Runcorn.

agement charity

ANTI-OPIUM TRAFFIC MEETING, AT

WAItRINGTON.

APPALLING DISCLOSURES. On Monday evening a largely attended meeting was held in the Friends' Meeting House, Butter- market-sttreet, Warrington, in support of the move- ment for the abolition of the opium traffic in India and China. Mr. J. Rymer Young presided, and was supported by the Revs. J. Yonge and E. T. Reed, Mr. C. Jackson Holmes, Miss Soonderbai Power, a Christian lady from Bombay, Mr. Alexander Lang- man, of the China Inland Mission, and Mr. John Darbyshire. • Mr. Hormss read a letter from the Rector of Warring- ton (the Rev. F. W. Willis) regretting his inability to be present, having to attend that night the first meeting of the temperance society in connection with his church. Miss Holmes also read letters from Miss Dutton of I Moore, the Rev. James Warnock, and Councillor H. Roberts expressing regret at being prevented from attending. The Crukuushas in opening the meeting said he sup- posed all of them, in a general sort of way, were aware that the habit of opium smoking was exceedingly harm- ful and demoralising ; and they all had in a hazy sort of way a general impression as to the matter of the opium trade, that a long time ago a monstrous iniquity was perpetrated by the Government of the day, an iniquity they were apt to forget had been perpetuated down to the present day. But as a matter of fact they were not gifren to entertain in their minds too much subjects which were disagreeable and which reflected discredit upon themselves or their nation. It was wise now and then that they should be reminded by people who had been in India and China of the evils of this opium traffic, and that new and again their minds should be excited on the question. Miss SOoNDERBAI PUNTER then rose, amidst much applause, to speak. She referred, in the first place, to the discouragement she had met with from her friends in India as to her leaving that country on her present mission of agitating against the opium traffic, because of danger to her health in coming to the climate of Eng- land at the present season trent her own sunny country. She then proceeded to speak on the extensive use of opium in India, and said Hindoo mothers generally were in the habit of giving it to their babies to quiet thera, and hundreds of them died through being overdosed. In India high caste widows had to suffer a great deal. They were treated just like animals and slaves. The mother-in-laws of some of them were very cruel to them, and when they got tired of their lives they just went to the market, bought opium, and poisoned themselves. Opium was a great temptation to the Flindoos, because I they could go into the fruit or vegetable market and see la large stall of opium, and it was very cheap. Yoe could send a girl eight years old, and she would buy 360 grains I without any difficulty. There were in India lets of troublesome rats, and when people wanted to buy arsenic to poison them what a fuss was made about it! They had to give their name and address and all sorts of things. But opium poisoned just like arsenic, and you I could get any quantity of it without trouble. They could get poison to -kill a man, but, not to kill rats. (Applause.) There were Hindoo women who had said to her that she must tell I the English people that their children their young men were dying, that India was ruined through this opium, and that if the English would stop this growth of the I poppy there, the Hindoos would think they were their. gods, and worship them. But then, it was said, their Christian Government wanted money, and the poor liindoo people said if they wanted money let them send their soldiers and take their houses and land and all they had and they would work hard to support themselves, )f only they might be delivered from the opium, by which they lost both their money and their strength, and were ruined for ever. The people of India said to her she I must tell the English that if they would but relieve them ' from the curse of opium' they would take the skins off their bodies and make shoes for them, to show their gratitude. They said if only this opium traffic could be stopped they might send their soldiers and kill all the wives and children of opium smokers. They said, speaking of the missionaries being sent to convert them, "Go and convert your Christian Government fint."Some said " We do not want your Jesus, your religion ; the Christian people have ruined us." When Christians saw their dear Saviour disgraced by Christian people in this manner, wriat could they say to the Hindoos ? Unless this great hindrance of the opium traffic were removed they would never see India and China Christian though they sent thousands of missionaries and spent any amount of money. If the revenue derived from the traffic was the price of blomd, Christ would never bless it. (Applause.) The speaker then gave a glimpse of some of the horrors of an Indian opium den, and des- cribed the arts used by opium merchants and others, such as putting the drug in tea or coffee or sweets, to imbue the people with a taste for it. She complained that while the " Times " published articles and inserted letters in favour of the opium traffic, it refused to in- sert communications from the anti-opium side. The " Times," she said, declared opium to be a harmless drug. If so, why was it labelled poison in England, and why had they said in the House of Commons that they would try all they could to restrict its consumption.? Some said it was food—a necessary of life. Why, then, was it so,heavily taxed? (Applause.) Sonsesaid it was very good for malarial fever. She never heard in her life of anybody using opium for fever. They always in India took quinine, or an Indian medicine made from a certain herb, for fever. If opium was good for fever let it be with the doctors and chemists, not with the mer- chants. Supposing she wrote an article in the " Times " stating that arsenic was good for influenza, and rheumatic gout. She would be called insane, and that was what they said in India about the writers of the " Times, " on opium. (Laughter.) Why did not the English people push this opium trade in Russia ? No, they dared not try it. They tried to kill the weak ones, and then called themselves a strong nation, but they in India did not call them so, whatever they called themselves- A strong nation protected the weak. Miss Power mentioned that 50 years ago there was not an opium smoker in Burnish, and now, under British gov- ernment, there were thousands of opium dens in that country. If England, she said, could not rule India wisely and justly the best plan would be to give it up, rather than ruin the people. (Loud cries of " hear, hear.") Miss Power expressed the opinion that her cause would triumph because the Lord was on its side. He had heard the millions of cries of Chinese and Indians and Burmese for justice, and He was stirring up the English people to work for the cause. The speaker resumed her seat amidst considerable applause. Mr. LA,Nomes then gave some harrowing accounts, of his experiences of the results of the opium trade in China and described the iniquitous and barbarous wars by which Great Britain had enforced the traffic upon China, one of these wars having been denounced by Lord Elgin himself, who had charge of it, as a cruel tramp- ling under foot of an ancient civilization for the most selfish purposes. As an instance of the infatuation for opium he mentioned the Case of the secretary to the governor of a Chinese city in which he had lived selling his wife and four children to obtain means to purchase

the drug. The Rev. J. TONGS proposed the following resolution : —" That this public meeting held at Warrington this Bth day of February 1893, deeply regrets that the traffic in opium is still being carried on by the Anglo-Indian Government, notwithstanding its condemnation by the House of Commons in April 1891. They regard the manufacture and the sale of opium for the purposes of sensual indulgence as a sin against God, and urge the Government to abandon this traffic except for medicinal purposes." Mr. Yonge also moved that copies of the resolution be sent to Lord Kimberley, Secretary of State, for India, the Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone, and the member for the borough. He said that meeting had had something in the shape of a new sensation that night. They were all familiar with missionaries sent from this country to India,but to-night they had listened to a missionary from India,an Indian lady who in a most heroic and Christian spirit had come across to this country in a very unseasonable time of the year to plead the cause of her sisters and brothers in India. He thought when those pmsent reflected upon this fact they would feel a pathos in it. To him it was intensely pathetic that this Christian lady should come to them who had been long in Christ in a sense, to ask them to do an act of simple justice to that vast country which they must never forget was a part of our own empire. The cause she came to advocate that night was one of simple justice and righteousness, and it ought to excite sympathy net only through that meeting, but right through Warrington. The Rev. E. T. REED seconded the proposition. He said it seemed to him a shame and a disgrace that any such resolution should have to be sent to Parliament. He thought the thanks of the entire Christian commu- nity of Warrington were duo to the members Of the Society of Friends for arranging that meeting. He earnestly hoped, with Mr. Yonge, that there would be a great stirring up among the inhabitants of Warrington on this question. The motion was heartily carried, and a vote of thanks was passed to the Chairman, on the motion of Mr. HoLmEs, seconded by Mr. W.ROBERTS, and supported by Mr. DARBYSHIRE, and the Chairman's reply closed the proceedings. A collection was made in aid of the objects of the meet- ing.

EPPS'S COCO.L.—GRATEFUL AND COMPORTING.—" By a thorough knowledge of the natural laws which govern the operations of digestion and nutrition, and by a careful ap- plication of the fine properties of well-selected Cocoa, Mr. Epps has provided our breakfast tables with a delicately flavoured beverage which may save us many heavy doctors' bills. It is by the judicious use of such articles of diet that a constitution may be gradually built up until strong enough to resist every tendency to disease. Hundreds of subtle maladies are floating around us ready to attack where- ever there is a weak point. We may escape many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well tor tified with pure blood and a properly nourished frame," —Civil Service Gazette.—Made simply with boiling water or milk. Sold only in packets, by Grocers, labelled JANES EPPS, & Co., llnmrecatsie Chemists London. Also MAlcevs of Epps's Cocoalne or Nib-Extract , • ;- cai t

===== 0002601_18930211_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

Secretaries of Football—ellsNs are requested to note that reports of matches played on Saturday must be sent to the head office, Bewsey-street. Warrington, not later than ten o'clock on Wednesday morning.

CRICKRTHRS should procure the 1893 Pocket Diary and Companion published by Go. G. BITSSEY & CO. It is full of information, and has the requirements of an ordinary Diary. Leather bound: gilt edges, post free 6d., from the Sports Manufactory, Peckham Rye, London.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY.

WARRINGTON •y. OLDHAM. Of the seven matches played by Warringtofl. in the above competition, the return engagement with Oldham at Wilderspool on Saturday will stand as being the most exciting of the whole series. Two months had nearly elapsed since Warrington bad indulged in a League match, their latest effort resulting in the decisive defeat

of Wigan, but on the other hand Oldham had got well nigh through half their programme,having, played elevn matches but with indifferent suecess. The homesters turned out as advertised, but Oldham substituted Lees for Thomas, the change as it turned out proving very effective. McCutcheon, of course, was assisting gallant little Wales in recording the brilliant win over Scot- land. A gate aurdbering considerably over 5,000 lined the arena when the teams made their appearance, but the cotton trade crisis affected the " special" which was run from Oldham, and only about 300 journeyed from the cotton town, Warrington winning the toss. Gwynn Kicked Off

towards the railway goal, and Turner's reply having a too hasty attendant ic Higham, Warrington were oalled upon early to defend. When the teams got thoroughly in working order, the first item was a free kick to War- rington. This Turner negotiated well, and after half- way had been reached James Bate, with short kicks, gradually worked the oval dangerously near the Oldham line. .Berry and Holmes were prominent here, but a neat passing essay by Mills and Hurst settled the game at neutral ground. John Bate was foiled in trying to punt to his c•rapanion half, but another bit of kicking by James Bate was more than equalized by Pennington. The pace was very fast, and some fluctuating play eyentually ended in the Bates,Heesom,and Webster pass- ing grandly, and a permanent attack being set up. The homesters would not be denied, and grand efforts met with indifferent success until at last flolmes and Turner got going, and the oval being taken over Thorniley Got In, _ _

and the cheers which followed were .gain renewed when Heesom placed a neat goal. Oldham now had a spell of attacking, Hurst being the leader, and it looked very much like Oldham equalizing straight away, both Blomley and Mills being within an ace of scoring. Bos- uns saved brilliantly, and the homesters breathed more freely when Nevins, Donohue, and the Bates realized the quarter-flag in one rush. The visitors would not be denied, and Lees and Mills passed well, and Hurst being the final recipient he outwitted Webster and raced on in such a favourable position that Pennington Placed the Teams on an Equal Footing with a fine goal. Burst was tackled by Evans en the re-start, and then the Bates, Heesom, and Webster passed, but little headway was made. A kick by James Bate travelled to Pennington who was promptly floored by Berry, but the Oldham custodian relieved finely a moment later, and being backed up by an excellent set of forwards the venue was changed, and Boscoe had all his work cut out to save. By way of a change the home forwards now excelled, and Ashton, Jolley, and Higham being prominent in some footwork the home star was in the ascendency, but being penalized Oldham again relieved, and Heesom with remarkable pluck staved off an attempt by the visitors to score. Heesom now threw across to Webster, who punted down to the Oldham quarters, but Bate being off-side a grand opening was lost. However, the visitors' goal was once more hotly assailed, and James Bate made an effort on the line which almost terminated in a score. Heesom next got splendidly away from a long throw out, but Oldham combining neatly rushed down the open, their career being stopped by Evans. The home quarters were reached, and the Oldham halves getting possession gave Hurst another opportunity of showing his abilities, and A Clinking Try was the result, Pennington this time failing. Warring- ton had a chance a few minutes before half-time, but Holmes injudiciously kicked too hard, and a minor only accrued. Jolley and Berry doth missed an opening on the stroke of the interval, at which point Oldham led by a goal and a try to a goal and a minor. Turner re-started, and fast play was again the order. Evans's return saw Holmes spoiling Hurst in his attempt to retaliate. James Bate and Evans tried hard to force an opening, with futile result, and then some fine kicking by Hurst gave his side a distinct advantage, which was not turned to account. Turner got clear from aline-out, and led up to his side adopting the aggressive, but James Bate having a kick charged matters presented a serious aspect until Webster appeared on the scene and saved smartly. Oldham pressed, and Warrington were now handicapped owing to Heesom having to retire with a damaged hand. With Evans at centre this player sign- alized the change by punting to Pennington, and a quick follow up harrassed the railway goal. The attack was maintained, and several appeals were answered in the negative. Following the raid came a good run by Gwynn, and only the fine tackling of Evans prevented Oldham augmcnting. A grand run by John Bate claimed attention, and Warrington were again unlucky, Nevins . _

===== 0002601_18930211_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
Claiming a Try,

but a too conscientious touch-judge over-ruled the point. This let off for Oldham inspired them with fresh vigour, and a capital kick by Hurst brought about a prolonged stay between the quarter flags. Heesom now returned, and Evans receiving finely he handed over to Heesom, who passed Pennington, but the injured hand hampered his career, and the last chance was lost. A minor next followed to Warrington, the claim for a major point by John Bate being over-ruled. The visitors from this point rushed to half-way, and afterwards the game was confined to neutral ground, the Final Score

- reading—Oldham, 1.-1-0; Warrington, 1-0-2. Teams :—Warrington : J. Boscow, back ; H. Webster, F. fleesom, and J. W. Evans, three-quarters ; John Bate and James Bate, half back : H. Ashton, Fair Turner, J. Jolley, W. Nevins, T. Donohue, J. T. Thorniley, J. Holmes, J. Berry, and J. Fligham, forwards. Oldham : W. L. Pennington, nack ; J. Whitworth, D. Gwynn, and J. Hurst, three-Quarters; Lees and J. Thomas, half backs; B.Andrew, E. Blomley, P. Ingham, J. Chadwick, J. Murrell, J. Boardman, P. Andrew, M. Bonsor, and E. Whittle, forwards. Referee, Mr. .J. H. Smith, Widnes.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON A v. OLDHAM A.

A very large crowd had assembled at Watershedding to witness this match, and the ground being in a soft condition had received a thick coating cf oat husks. It was at once seen that the Warrington forwards were in grand trim, for they made a fierce onslaught, Davis, Molyneux, and Hampson being especially prominent, and after severe pressure Oldham escaped with a minor. The home team then cleverly gained an advantage, which Lawless and Edwards speedily recovered, and a dribble by Teare carried the struggle into Oldham tern- •

===== 0002601_18930211_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

RUNCORN ASSOCIATIOV;7I;R-00-911. AM " A " TEAM.— Played at Runcorn on Saturday. The Runcorn team was composed as follows :—Mainwaring, goal ; Hughes and Fisher, full backs ; Bate, A. Limb, and the Rev. G. H. Kingston, half backs ; Limb, Wright, Pye, Hampeon and Blower, forwards. For Fredsham there turned out— Nicholson, goal ; Waddington and White, full backs; Wood, Linaker, and Hazard, half backs ;Jones, T. Jones Linaker, H. Linaker, and Bartle, forwards. The game opened greatly in favour of the home team, who during a short snell of pressing scored two points within ten minutes from the start. Pye being instrumental in their attainment. The visitors played pluckily, their backs robbing the home forwards again and again. Rushing down the field their forwards combined effectively, and Linaker notched the first goal for his side amid cheers. Some pretty passing was now seen among the Runcorn forwards, the sight of which gladdened the heart of the spectators, who now hope that the team have got settled down, and that sunny days are in store for them their prior weakness being due to a great extent to their absention from combination. Nothing further was scored at half time, Runcorn crossing over with a goal , to their credit. From the kick-off Runcorn, with the wind at their backs, pre,sed, and it was soon seen that the game was entirely in the hands of the hemesters, who finally piled on six mere goals, through Pye, Limb, and Blainer respectively, Pye playing an exceptianally pretty game. Frodsham scored one more point, Lineker securing and sending in a long shot entirely out of the reach of Mainwaring, who had been indulging in some training exercise among the half backs. Final score read Runcorn 8, Frodsham 2.

Three miners, named John Oliver, Joseph Jones, and Aaron Crew, lost their lives by lamentable accident on Wednesday night at Messrs. Cochrane's colliery, near Brierley Hill. Staffordshire. They were being drawn up a shaft ene hundred and fifteen yards deep, and when near the top the rope slipped from the drum of the engine, and the cage they were in decended with fearful velocity, crashing through the sump. The men fell into deep water, and their bodies were not recovered for several hours. The WTI, who lived near Dudley, were all married, and leave families.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
THAT PUBLIC HALL AGEN.

Caun't sum owd Earlestown chum send me a line, Tellin' me summut aw connot divine; Wen they're to oppen that three-corner't den ; Which, wen yo look at it, causes yo t' sken ! Look wheer thay'n plantet that noble front door, Just in a spot wheer the property's poor; Strangers'all ax, wi' a smile er a sneer, " Is it a workheause theyn getten deawn' here ?" Look at them windows—say, am aw not reet, Sayin' they're plann'el just fer darkenin' th' leet Oh ! wot a savin', wen this cums to pass— Mornin', noon, net, thay'll be forced to bran gas ! This, that economy which, it war sed, Coom into ev'ry Commissioner's yed ; Seemin' aw reet till yo get a surprise, Wen yo find eawt heaw yore taxes 'till rise ! Then ther'll be ruckshuns,but then its to late, Yo, aw alung, hey invited yore fate; Lettin' a thickyed er two work ther wost, Wile yo sit quiet, ne'er ceauntin' the cost. Five theausand peaund war the figger fost fix'd, But befoor lung this ameaunt geet weel mix'd ; Aye, afoor ever thay finish that" fad," Other five theausand 'ult go to the bad 1 Wot'll it cost when they cum t' decorate Rooms wheer th' Commissioners gether i' state? Pictures thay'll want to look cheerful an' nice, Sayin', in sperrit, "to h-11 wi' the price 1". But, shun aw portraits I—One, not far off, Gies yo a twist i' yore ribs, er a cough! Then, by aw means, make it ever so clear, Yole help no owd woman's vanity theer ! Still yo met hey aw the patterns on th' walls, Summut i'th' shape ov a gentlemon's " smalls ;" Summut to illustrate th' cheermon's speeches, Wen he remark't oath' surveyor's new breeches Wen th' Hall is oppen't, yole want it a name, Summut to put on the greyt scroll o' fame; Well, here it is I—Yo caunt make it to plain— " The Viaduct's folly I The Nyowtoner's Bane 1" TEM 0' PEGS. Rose Bonk, February 10th, 1893,

ST HELENS GLASS BOTTLE HANDS IN CONFERENCE.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
• FOREIGN WAGES CONTRASTED WITH LANCASHIRE. NO STRUGGLE, FOR THIRTY-FIVE YEARS.

A meeting of the St. Helens District of the Lan- cashire Bottle Makers' Trade Protection Association was held on Saturday afternoor., in the Circus, North-road, St. Helens, about 300 members being present. The present state of the trade and the strained relations between employer and employed which now prevail, were discussed, and it was de- cided, after private proceedings lasting five hours, to hold if possible another national conference, to be Leld at St. Helens next Wednesday,and the same secretary was instructed to write to Mr. A. Green- wood, the international secretary, asking him to call to- gether delegates. In conversation with one of the St. Helens workmen on Saturday a press representative was informed that the Lancashire workmen enjoyed greater privileges than any other district in the trade. They work under wlat is known as the half wage system. If , a man goes to work and the furnaces are out of repair, ' or the metal is bad an6l he can't start, the employers pay him half a day's wages. Should he start work and blow only one dozen bottles and be stopped on account of bad metal,the masters are bound to pay him for full journey. These and other privileges the Yorkshire workmen do not enjoy, and he urged on behalf of the Lancashire men, who are averse to a strike, that while they work under the 1893 rates they earn more money than the Yorkshire men do on the 1892. In the St. Helens district the men make dark and light bottles. It is on the dark , metal that the foreign competition i keenly felt,the St. Helens masters stating that they can buy dark foreign bottles cheaper than they can manufacture them. This was explained by the very low wages under which the foreigner worked, and as an instance he said that at Oldenburg, in Germany, where the highest wages were paid, the average per week paid was only £1 and free rent, for sixty-five hours. The men worked seven hours en a Sunday, and there was talk of further reductions taking place in Germany. In Liverpool one large firm had ceased trad- ing with St. Helens manufacturers, because the foreign masters could offer bottles at 6d. per gross less. There was a larger percentage of breakage on the foreign bot- tles, but the only question was the price. Referring to the threatened strike at St. Helens, the workman said that he was afraid, considering the present attitude of both the men and the masters., a strike would take place and it would be a hard fight. Personally, he was averse to strikes, as he considered that the nest interests of both masters and men were served by an amicable arrangement. In St. Helens it was thirty-five years since a strike took place, and that lasted three months. Since then the workmen had been on the most amicable terms with their empolyers, and as a result in 1891 and 1892 they enjoyed privileges and a high rate of wages which were totally unprecedented in the trade. At the I present time, however, the trade in I:ancashire was more depressed than had ever previously been known.' The masters and the men had met and tried to come to an arrangement, but had failed. The masters had promised that the men would be paid the 1892 rates should the trade become better. It had been suggested to Mr. A. Greenwood that the men should appreciate the masters' position, and come willingly to their aid, and so stand by the trade which threatens to leave the country. In reply, Mr. Greenwood had admitted that the workmen were as anxious to retain the trade in the country as the masters themselves. But (referring to Lancashire) Mr. greenwood said there was as much ' difference perhaps between the position and the work- ing conditions of the Yorkshire men and the Lancashire men as there was between the Lancashire men and the Continental workmen. This was oneof the chief factors the leaders of the Lancashire men had rested upon to justify them in submitting to the reduction. They said that in submitting to the reduction—equal to 15 per cent.—they could earn as much and even more wages than the Yorkshire men.

Nine representatives of the Lancashire bottle makers held a conference with the Lancashire manufacturers at the Raven Hotel, St. Helens, on Tharsday afternoon. The National Conference, which was being held at the Royal Hotel, was practically suspendod, and at a late hour the result of the interview with the masters had not been reported to the delegates. It is supposed that the masters have made some offer, and that another ballot of the Lancashire men will be taken.

HUMAN P REY.

It is rare that you hear a soldier of the war boast of a shot which laid an enemy low. There were in- stances when he•could not help but realise that his bullet carried deatheaut the reflection is not a plea- sant one. He is in battle line to hold the ground-- to load and fire—to help wit a victory. If he killed, it was legalised murder. He had the spirit of a warrior instead of a hunter. There was no premedi- tation ; no cool, calm waiting and manceuvring to send a fellow-being into eternity. Beyond the earthwork the ditch. Beyond the ditch the murderous tangle called the abatis. Beyond the abatis those lairs called rifle pits. They were deep enough and broad enough for graves. Sometimes they were long enough for the corpse to lie at full length. At other times the body was found half doubled up, and the stiffened limbs caught at earth and stone and root as the body was lifted out. The rifle pit was the laio—the occupant a sharpshooter—a human tiger thirsting for blood, He was. not ordered to the work. Be volunteered for it. His rifle at home had brought down deer and turkey and bear—perhaps a panther. Be had brought down squirrels as they chattered at him from the highest limbs. He now creeps forward to a rifle pit under Cover of darkness to try his skill on human - prey. From this cover we can use the glass and bring the pit almost at our feet as the sum comes up. The hunter has been patiently. waiting. He has eaten his breakfast of pork and hardstack, washed it down with a sip from his canteen, and his rifle has, been cleaned and loaded. Rifles are used here—long, heavy rifles, with sights nicely adjusted. The pit has been dug so as to leave a sort of shelf for the hunter to sit on. In front of him dirt has been heaped up into a breastwork. The pits of the enemy are opposite, and only half shot away. Be- hind the hunters are earthworks mounting heavy guns. Three or four of the guns on either side cannot be worked because of thess hunters. Now watch our human tiger. The morning has been quiet thus far. He desires to locate the min opposite him—to test his promptness and skill, and to judge of the weapon he is armed with. He lays aside his own rifle and withdraws the ramrod. He then drops his hat over it, and carefully raises it into view above the heaped up dirt. It is lifted inch by inch, as if the owner was straightening himself up to get a view. • Crack ! Crack! The reports were from the rifle pits to hie right and left. rhe hunter directly opposite was not on the alert. The hat ie dropped for a moment. Firing has now begun all along the line. Not that the hunters can see each other, hut as a sort of challenge or defiance. Now the hat is lifted again. It is a trick played, every hour in the day. The hunter opposite waits until the brim is almost in view before he fires. Had there been ahead under the hat, the bullet would have crashed into it. Now begins the watching and waiting. Our hunter carefully digs at the earth before him until he has made a trench for his rifle barrel to rest in. Ills muzzle has been stained with mud, and 'neither barrel nor trimmings elistea in the bright sunshine. The hammer is raised, finger on trigger, and the hunter's eye glancing along sights. There is human prey over there behind the other dirt pile. If the hunter is flushed with pride because his bullet reached the heart of a panther in its spring, how will he feel when he knows that the leaden messen- ger has ploughed its way to the brain of a fellow being? , There is no excitement, no trembling, no hope rising up that the man opposite may lie close and escape death. Watch ! Wait! Watch ! If a hunter can watch and wait for an hour or two beside a deer trail, he should not complain of half a day here, where his expected I prey is human. An hour goes by. Our hunter removes his finger from the trigger am 4 his eye from the sights and leans back to rest for a moment. He mutters his disappointment. He even curses the obstinacy of his expected victim. Five minutes later, with hope renewed, he resumes his vigil. Ten minutes creepelowly by, and another half hour drags away. Ah, there is a speck or encouragement —a flitting, fleeting, shadowy something at the left of the dirt pile opposite. Oar hunter's eyes brighten, a grim smile covers his tae,e, and his heart beats a little , faster. The game is in sight asit were. One minute—two—three--four—five. There is not a quiver of an eyelash as he looks through the sights—the finger on the trigger seems made of iron. The shadowy something is seen again,and now it is identified. It is a faded,dirt-stained, and ragged old cap rising out of the rifle pit and above the little earthwork. The hunter opposite is wondering if the pit is occupied by living or dead. Be is making a movement fraught with peril but perhaps this is his•fiest man hunt. Up—up—up rises the cap. There is a human bead under it. Crack !' It is the report of our hunter's rifle, and he sinks down with a chuckle of satisfaction. He had caught sight of a sunbrowned forehead, bushy hair and a pair of eyes gleaming like those of a wild beast, and he knows that his bullet sped surely. As he sinks down the other rises to his feet, throws up his hands and falls in a heap, sounding his death cry as he falls. Killed! Shot through the head! One less enemy ! • And our hunter smiles and chuckles and feels that men must look upon him with awe and admiration! •

===== 0002601_18930211_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY RATES-AT ST. HELENS.

Our St. Helens correspondent states that, from in- quiries made on Wednesday,that the borough stands in an enviable position as regards railway rates, and this is due largely to the efforts of the present Mayor, Mr. Arthur Sinclair. When the London and North-Western Railway Company purchased the old St. Helens Railway, by which prior to 1864 the St. Helens manufacturers had their chemicals, glass, copper, coal, and other commodities carried to the Mersey, the North-Western agreed to a 'special rate of charges, but when the Company, in conjunction with other companies,, sought powers to increase the rates, then they made an effort to bring St. Helens on an equality with other places. Mr. Sinclair took a foremost position in resisting this, and as a result the Commis- sion not only re-enacted the special rates, but inserted a clause that they sheuld be preserved to the town for ever. The benefit is shown by one instance—viz., whereas 33. 4d. per ton is charged between St. Helens and the Liverpool docks, only is. Bd. per ten is charged between St. Helens and tke Garston docks, and a still further decreased rate to Widnes. There are several small grievances still to be remedied, the principal one being the increase of glass to London and other places. The following is the clause in the Act of 1891 which is the safeguard for St. Helens traders :—" Nothing in this order shall affect the tolls, rates dues, and charges prescribed by the St. Helens Canal and Railway Transfer Act, 1964 (sections 12, 13, and 14), the London and North-Western Railway (New Works and Additional Powers) Act, 1867 (section 48), but the company may, in respect of the traffic there referred to, demand or take the tolls, rates, dues, or charges in excess thereof. Provided, forther, that nothing herein contained shall prejudice or affect any maximum rates or charges in respect of any new dock for the construction of which the company may seek powers from Parliament." An appendix fully sets forth the maximum charges allowed to be made.

CHLORO-LINSEED Cough Lozenges, post free, 7d. Of all Chemists. —Advt.

- - Mr. W. S. Caine, M.P., presided over the annual con- ference of the National Temperance Federation, which was held on Wedneday at Exeter Hall. A resolution was passed expressing intense gratification that the Queen's Speech announced a Bill for giving the people control over the liquor traffic, and trusting the measure would be in harmony with the Veto Bills which passed second reading during the late Parliament. The BicsT NIGIRTCAP.—Have your sheets washed with Hudson's Soap, and they will always be sweet as roses, fresh as sea breezes. There will be none of the disagreeable smell, so objectionable in other soaps.—A pure Dry Soap in fine powder.—.4drl. (2). Mr. Michael Davitt was 7ors Wednesday returned to Parliament unopposed as the representative of North- east Cork. Lord Cranborno was elected unopposed for Rochester.

KAY'S COMPOUND. a demulcent anodyne expectorant for coughs and Colds, 90., IW. Of all Chemists.,--Advt.

. .

_

===== 0002601_18930211_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PAUL'S OIL U Rail, WARRINGTON.

ANNUAL TEA MEETING. The annual congregational tea meeting in eon- nectiorP with the above-named church took place on Monday evening in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey- et., upwards of 330 persons being present. The tables were presided over by members of the con- gregation, and the tea, which was a very good one, was thoroughly enjoyed. After tea there was a musical entertainment,Mr.Robert Davies presiding, and being supported by the Vicar (the Rev. H. V.Pigot), Alderman Sutton'(Vicar's warden),Councillor Smethurst (people's warden), and Mr. T. Morris (sidesman). The Revs. T. M. R. Young-Hughes and J. Forbes (curates of ' the parish). the Rev. L. J. T. Darwall (Walton), and the Rev. J'. C. Pigot (St. Helens),were also present. The Cuarnatax, who rose amidst applause, then ad- dressed the meeting. In the course of his remarks he said he sometimes looked with dismay to the future.even In Warrington. They had large populations of working- 'nen and women growing up, and very inadequate pro- vision was made for the maintenance of religious fabrics, and it, therefore, behoved them to be as liberal as they could. (Applause.) The object of the present gathering was to assist the churchwardens of St. Paul's to keep the parish organisations going—the class rooms, mission rooms. &c., and by assembling together that evening they would have the satisfaction of knowing that they were doing something to carry on the good work in which the Vicar was engaged. (Applause.) He should like to see better provision made for the clergy' and for ministers of all denominations, for religious objects and for the maintenance of religious fabrics. Mr.Pigot had not been in Warrington long,but they must feel that he and Mrs. Pigot, Mr. Young-Hughes, and Mr. Forbes were deserving of their respect and admiration for the excellent manner in which they worked in what he might call an overloaded parish. (Hear, hear, and applause.) , The first part of the eoncert was carried out by mem- bers of the choir, who did their part admirably, and it comprised quartettes by Messrs. Scattergood, liarkinson• Sherlock, and Ratcliffe, a trio by the three first-named gentlemen, songs by Miss Oxley, Miss A. Oxley, Mr. Sherlock, Miss Armstrong, and Mr. Parkinson, a duet by Messrs. Parkinson and Sherlock, and selections on the handbells. There were several encores. Alderman SUTTON, in a humorous speech, regretted his inability to attend the church as reenlarly as he used to do, as he now lived out of town. However, his C 0 warden, Mr. Smethurst, wham he sincerely thanked for his services, relieved him of many of his duties, and was very earnest in his work in the church and parish. (Applause.) He proposed a vote of thanks to the ladieS for their services at the tea tables,and made complimen- tary references to the Vicar and Mrs. Pigot. Mr. Thomas MORRIS seconded, and the motion was heartily carried. who A vote of thanks was also passed to Mr. DaatieS, left at the conclusion of the programme, and on the motion of the Vicar, thanks were tendered to Miss 'West - well and Miss Smethurst for obtaining the trays aad subscriptions for the tea party and to the vocalists and instrumentalists for their services. The second part of the programme was entitled " MUSIC and Mechanism," and consisted of a series of tableau vivants, the figures being exhibited and explained by Mr. Robson Chorley. The following took part in these —The Misses Reynolds (Bank House School, Sankey-st.), the Rev. J. Forbes, Mr. James Henry Smethurst, Mr. Herbert Pigot, Master Richardson, Miss Pigot, MO. Adams, Miss Annie Smethurst, Miss D. Reid, Miss Itlicts Smith, the Rev. J. Forbes, Master J. Richardson, and Mr. A. H. Burgess. A vote of thanks to the Vicar and Mrs. Pioot, on the motion of Mr. Smethurst, seconded by Mr. W. Richard- son, concluded the proceedings.

gid 13ta's LINUX CATHARTTCLIM PILLS, agreeably a puleut, 28. 9(I. at all Churaist

===== 0002601_18930211_art0079.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
LA

===== 0002601_18930211_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
RESULT OF THE PANAMA TRIALS.

HEAVY SENTENCES.

The Paris Appeal Court pronounced sentence on Thursday on the defendants in the Panama prosecution. Comte De Lesseps and his son Charles were each sen- tenced to five years imprisonment, MM. Fontane and Cottu to two years' imprisonment, and M. Eiffel to im- prisonment for two years and to pay a fine of 20,000 francs. The sentence on Comte de Lesseps was pro- nounced, of course, in default. M. Charles de Lesseps, Who is in custody,was much affected by the sentence. M. Eiffel, who seems to have received enormous sums from the Company, has given notice of appeal.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
tLSTER " LOYALISTS " RUN SHORT OF

FUNDS.

The Ulster Loyalist Union has just made a special appeal for help, which appeal is signed by the Earl of Ranfurly and Viscount Templeton. It is as follows : " Owing to the late general election having exhausted our funds, ye are compelled to appeal at once for assis- tance, as Id fresh election might take place at any Moment. The Unionist interests we are fighting for are of vital importance to the Loyalists of Ireland, as well as to the welfare of Great Britain. The demand on us for speakers and other work has already commenced, and we shall not he able to cope with it in a satisfactory manner unless we have a liberal and immediate response to this appeal."

STRANGE CONDUCT OF AMERICAN , REPORTERS.

' Mr. Cleveland refuses to allow reporters to stand in the hall of his private house, tb watch his doings and those of his family, and to give information at the door about his visitors and their comings and goings. He insists on his right to privacy. • Probably no man in the 'United States, " The Nation says, has suffered so much A, swarm of reporters followed him into the country on °ls wedding trip, and encamped in tents or lay conceal- ed in the bushes, armed with field-glasses, around the - house in which he passed his honeymoon, "like African vages around the lair of a wild beast." He was pur- tued in the same way into the Adirondacks, when he "ad a cottage there in his vacation during his Presidency. " The tormentors lay in wait for him and his wife in the !surrounding womis, like the Iroquois or Pequots in the last century. They have dug up the hatchet against hills again, now that he has been re-elected and become once more a public man."

===== 0002601_18930211_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE AND YORKSHIRE RAIL- WAY COMPANY.

• DERREASE OF TRAFFIC.

The half-yearly meeting of the Lancashire and York- shire Railway Company was held in Manchester on Wed- ..slesday, Mr. George J. Armytage, the chairman, said 'he gross receipts showed a decrease of £11,642 on the a,etrespondin, half year. Ihe merchandise receipts had been affectato a most serious extent by the unfortun- ate stoppage In the cotton trade which had been going en since the beginning of November, and which had _affected the coal and coke traffic, The Passenger re- teilits had increased by the sum a t 3,67!).. Prtsit the j Ilefeiopment in passenger traffic was so small was due ;0 the unfavourable Weather of the autumn, particu- ,4ol37 tit week endi, and to the fact that the working irs_ses in the cotton trade had not been working full '"e• The number of first and second class passengers con- tioiard to decrease slightly, while there was an increase tk ses in the third class. In regard to railway rates, the Chairman expressed the opinion that all causes for cemplaint on the part of traders would very soon be fairly met.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LIBERAL CANDIDATE FOR , GATESHEAD.

The Leeds Mercury " says :—Mr. Allen; who has been chosen by the Liberals of Gateshead to fight their battle, is the sort of man of whom by-passers in the street stop to exclaim "What a splendid-looking fellow." I.llr. Allen is, in fact, ohe of the most distinguished-look- IN men of our day. In height he reaches over six feet, ith shoulders like Hercules. He has no easy fight before him at Gateshead, and he will have as his oppon- ent Mr. Ralli, the Greek merchant, who unsuccessfully nnntested the seat at the general election, and who also Contested against Mr. John Morley at the recent by-elec- thoi at Newcastle, which is just across the river Horn Gateshead. But if Mr. Allen wins he will be the most lloticable man in the House of Commons. Mr. Allen is the, managing proprietor of the Scotia Engine Works, on !'ne river Wear, and recently became famous through Initiating a great labour experiment at his works. He called a meeting of his workmen, and asked them to Iftuont an sigh-hour day. The men were then working I j°ll.l BiX in the morning until five at night, with two teaks for meals. The proposal was adopted, and the Ten now work from half-past seven in the morning till t7e at night, with only one break for dinner. At the briset the men allowed Mr. Allen to reduce their wages 5 Per cent., but after six months' trial it was found hath More profit had been divided under the new system t their under the old. So Mr. Allen returned to the men eir 5 Per cent., and they now receive the old wages.

A WARRINGTON THEATRICAL DISPUTE. .

At the Manchester County Court on Tuesday before his Honour Judge Heywood, an action was brought by Mr. John Waller, theatrical agent, Bury New-road, Manchester, against Mr. F. W. Snaps, of the Theatre Royal, Warrington, to recover £4 155., balance of an account for services rendered and money paid. Mr. C. H. Wharton appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Browne, Warrington, for the defend- ant. It was stated that the plaintiff was engaged by the defendant's wife in December last to provide a company to fill up a vacant night at the theatre, and a guarantee was given that the company tbat might be under engagement that evening should be paid not less than a 7. It was at first proposed to play "Kathleen Mavourneen," but plaintiff found that the books for it could not be obtained. A bill was issued in which it was set forth that on Christmas Eve, December 24th, there would be an immense attraction '‘ for this night only " in the form of the production of the powerful domestic drama, " Two Christmas Eves ; or. " The Soldier's Trust," and the entertainment would conclude with the patriotic ctl in three tableaux, entitled "The *crelto of Midnight." The arliste lia.4 a rather MiXea "reception, owing, the plaintiff said, to the disorderly conduct of the audience, which consisted' partly of boys and partly of drunken med. So great was the noise that prevailed that " The Stroke of Mid- night," which was a pathetic piece, had to be with- drawn, notwithstanding that the members of the corn- pang were dressed for it, and a farce was substituted, entitled "The Secret," with the view of putting the audience in a better humour. The plaintiff paid seven performers 10s, each, also 15s. 9d. railway fares, 3s. to "supers," ss. for carriage of wardrobe, and £1 23. 6,1. for window lithographs, and charged Ll Is. for his own services, as be himself took a part. At the close of the evening he received £3, which was said to be all the money that was taken at the doors. He now brought the action to recover the balance.—ln answer to Mr. Browne, plaintiff denied that he promised to produce "Kathleen Mavourneen " and to take 55 per cent. of the profits. It was not the fact that there was only one actor in the company—a man named Buchananb—The evidence on behalf of the defendant was to the effect that the company were utterly inefficient and did not know their parts.—His Honour said that the shortness of the notice must be considered, and also the fact that there had been no time for rehearsal. 'lt seemed to have been left. to Mr. Waller to do the best he could in the time at his disposal, and, although the audience seemed to have been dissatisfied, there was not sufficient evid- ence that the plaintiff had failed to fulfil his part of the contract.—A verdict was accordingly given for the' plaintiff for the amount claimed and costs.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
CHARLES mrrcHELTis FAREWELL.

,s curious spectacle was to be witnessed at Euston tation , London, on Tuesday afternoon. Despite all at- of officialdom a small crowd of very excited per- forced their way upon the departure platform to "id farewell to an Englishman who—just released from rel—is now on his way to America. Yet his crime had ng political in it, but had been merely an assault :Pen an old man. For it was Mr. Charles Mitchell who irs the hero of the hour, sometime manager of a music il•and professional boxer. His friends say that across theat Atlantic he will fight and overthrow Corbett,the con- :ill-leror of Sullivan. It may be, too, that there is money Vi be earned by the exhibition of his manly form at "vg• "Pros," both of the music halls and of the ring, tame to are the last of their hero. The Moore and Bur- 'The attended, and sang with much pathos song that reached my heart." There was a special °eh carriage, and it wris announced that there would 1,119 be a special tender to take the part y to the steamer. 'nay have been either in the interests of the public 0 ensure the champion's safety from the dreaded 13:1°11ce court. Mr. " Abington," who has hitherto been etter known on the turf, accompanies Mitchell as „6"end and chief backer, but Mr. " Jersey " is not of the Patty.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
A LIVERPOOL MILLIONAIRE.

PERSONALITY OVER £1,100,000.

Will of Mr. Samuel Henry Thompson, late of "Ingwall hall, Broad Green, formerly of the firm of ttrthur Heywood, Son, and Co., Liverpool, banker, and „!rector of the Liverpool United Gas Company, the Bank "t 1 Scotla.nd, and the British Linen Company Rank, who led on the 17th December last, aged 85 years. has been ' ,_ ned• he personalty is valued at £1,133,792. The \,•"' as been pioved by the executors, his sons 'bury A _rates Thomp.on, the Rev. Samuel Ashton Thompson ates, and Richard Hevwood Thompson, power being s eserved to grant probate also to Mrs. Elizabeth Thomp- ac"s Plate , • relict To her the testator bequeaths £lO,OOO, his - • ' , 'Pictures furniture, and household effects, horses, , Tr;riaQes and farm stock, the use and enjoyment of ~ t ''wall Hall for one year, and a life annuity of Mr. Thompson devises Thingwall Hall, Thing- arm, and some adjacent land to his eldest son, , i lerenrY Yates Thompson, lately proprietor of the" Pall ,all Gazette." Fie b2queatks.to his sons, the Rev: S. A. ' runnlPson Yates, George Rodie Thompson, Richard tjwood Thompson, and Edward Phillips Thompson Rht and Anna Maria Thompson £75,000 each. He 0 each, and to his daughters Mary Elizabeth , r queaths to the trustees of the marriage settlement of , "Is daughter the late Margaret Emma Luckmck £75,000, . 2f `'er chwhich portions of £B,OOO each are to be available for ildren on the attainment by each of the age of 25 k qats• The testator bequeaths £2,000 to his niece Tirana Olpherts, £2,000 to his niece Clara Susan s td9lTlPson, £I,OOO each to his nieces Eleanor M'lver and i tatth Vi gin, £l,OOO to his wife's sister Emma Francis ilt:ibrigge. £5OO each to her son and daughter, £l,OOO ' L_, is cousin George Blundell Thompson and £5OO to his 1 vaughter. £l,OOO to John Ashton Bostock and his wife, , ;Ind £5OO each to their two children. Mr. Thompson eft l all the residue of his property in equal shares to his ktVe sons.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
A

ELLIMAN'S UNIVERSAL EMBROCATION, Is. Id. &2s. 9d.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH

IRISH

IRISH IRISH IRISH IRISH IRISH IRISH

IRISH

===== 0002601_18930211_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
LINEN LINEN LINEN LINEN LINEN LINEN LINEN LINEN LINEN

===== 0002601_18930211_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
- DR. TANNER AS" POLITICIAN IN

E XTREMIS."

" BEDAD, I TOOK OFF MY COAT AND WAISTCOAT." The "Morning Leader" prints a delightful little in- terview with Dr. Tanner anent an incident which marked the opening of the new session : " Well, Dr. Tanner," I said, as I buttonholed the genial member; " will you tell me that to secure seats in the house you spread your coat and waistcoat on the seats in the house ? " "Yes, I did," said the doctor, with that charming frankness of his. " I could not see any other way out of the difficulty. You see Mr. Austen Chamberlain had arrived in the house at a very, very early hour, armed with quite as arsenal of hats. His intention, of course, was to secure seats for the family party," continued the doctor with a smile "and I suppose he had borrowed the family hats for the occasion. Well, I saw all this, and I was rather put out, for I had come down rather early to assert the claim of the Irish party to their time-honoured seats. My stock of hats was limited, and when I got to the end of my tether I was, as I thought, resourceless ; but, bedad, I took off my coat and waistcoat—as good as hats any day—and I spread them on the ,benches. Well, you may say it was unconventional and owtre ; but then, my dear sir, a politican in entremis won't stop at taking off the more superfluous of his garments. " But," continued the doctor, " a whole lot of lies has been told about that morning. It was said in the Press that I had a flask of whisky with me, and that i offered it as a form of consolation to the Tory members and Unionists. That allegation is nothing to me ; thank heaven my epidermis is thick enough to resist the attacks of the Press; but I want you to take note of this : It has been said in the Press that I offered that imaginary flask to Mr. Victor Cavendish, M.P. Now, Mr. Cavendish has come to me and protested against this. I don't know whether he protested against my supposed ministrations or against the contents of that non-existent flask, but I wish you would deny the statement in your paper. Nothing of the kind occurred. I had no flask, and therefore couldn't have offered a a drink from it to anybody."

EMIGRATION.—.Intending emigran eto New York, Boston Philadelphia, San Francisco, Cana, China, Japan, Aus• tralia, or New Zealand, should take ti ..kets (lowest rates) at the " Examiner" Gibes, by Onion, American. 'Australian, Oriental, and other lines.—John Walker, agent,"Examiner Office, Bewsev-st.. Warrington.—Aldut.

As the result of the Burnley election on Monday, the Host. Philip Stanhope was returned by a majority ot 693 over Mr. Lindsay, his Conservative opponent. PUBLIC NOTICE.—Not one lout HUNDREDS of people of both sexes with wrecked and debilitated constitutions are yearly restored to sound and robust health again by Messrs. Wilkinson, 3 and 4, Fitsallau Square, Sheffield. Write to them for advice free when suffering from weakness, loss of flesh, . appetite, disturbed rest, pimples, blotches, indiges- tion, pallid skin, nervousness, and general debility. Posi- tive cure for all Blood and Skin Diseases, acquired or consti- tutional. Sixty years' experienco. One address (as above) for over 30 years. The" A. 1 Mixture," 4s. 9d., the case. The Magic Mirror in envelope, four stamps. Sufferers disap- pointed with Electric Belts should write to us at once.—Advt. -Roubaix has a Sedalist -mayor. That gentleman, after much protest, has yielded to the Prep& Minister of the Interior's instructions that he will receive the Socialist Congress in a building other than the Town Hall. There will, nevertheless, be a public reception of the delegates at the Maine VALUABLE D/SCOVERY FOR THE TIAIP..—If your hair Is turning grey or white, or falling off, use "Tan MEXICAK HAIR RENEWER," for it win positively restore in every case Grey or White hair to its original colour, without leaving the disagreeatele smell of most "Restorers." It makes the hair Charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth of the dair on bald spots, where the glaNds are not decayed. Price 3s. Gd.—Nor an Oil to make the Hair soft, glosey, and luau- ' riant, ask for " CARTER'S COLOGNE OIL.', Price ls. of ali dealers. Wholesale depot, 133, Farrinzdon-road, London.— Advt.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON INFIRMARY WORKING- MEN'S COMMITTEE.

The annual meeting of the above-named Commit. tee WAS held in the Town Hall, on Saturday after- noon. The Mayor (Alderman E. Greenall) presided, and was supported by Mr. John Fairclough, J.P., and Major Pickmere.—The lists of contributions for the years 1891 and 1892,showed X4lO 178.7id.,f0r 1891 and £432 9s. 9d.,for 1892. These sums included proceeds of concerts in the Public Hall,and in Butterrnarket-street school, but the sum collected from the works in 1891 was £389 15s. 10., and in 1892 £421175. 5d., showing an increase of £32 2s. 3.&d.—The Chairman expressed his satisfaction at this increase, and pointed out that next year more money would be required to carry on the dispensary in consequence of the increase of accommoda- tion for the reception of patients, which would involve also the increase of the nursing staff.—Mr. John Roberts expressed his satisfaction at the increase el subscriptions, and of accommodation at the Infirmary, which he said would mean that where there had only been 22 to 24 beds there would now be 40. A great deal of the good work of the extension of the institution had been done by the vrerkingmen of Warrington who had subscribed since 1880 over £5,000, a creditable example for other towns.—Mr. Fanshaw proposed that those present be con- stituted the general committee with power to add to their number.—Mr. John Taylor seconded, and the motion was agreed to.—On the motion of Mr. Watkins, seconded by Mr. Hewitt, and supported by Major Pick mere, Mr. John Roberts was re-elected chairman, and Mr. Roberts thanked the meeting.—May and November were fixed as the months in Ns loch the contributions for 1893 should be called in.—Mr. Fanshaw proposed that the thanks of the Committee be given to the honorary medical and resident officers of the institution. He remarked that they could not think too highly of those gentlernen,who gave their services gratuitously to such a glorious cause, and did their duty so well.—Mr. Watkins seconded, and the proposition was carried.—Mr. John Fairclough moved a vote of thanks to Mr. E. M. Crosfield—whose absence was apologised for by Mr. Thomas Roberts who was acting for him for the occasion,—for his services as secretary during . he year.—Mr.Hibbert seconded this proposition, which was carried.—On the motion of Mr. Croskill, seconded by Mr. Walker, a similar vote was accorded to Mr. Joseph Taylor, assistant secretary.—On the motion of Mr. John Taylor, seconded by Mr. Wil- lett, the Chairman was thanked for presiding and for the use of the Council Room, and the Mayor expressed his thanks,assuring the meeting of the great interest he and his wife took in the Committee, and observing that ne took the more interest in matters pertaining to the Infirmary because he had two sisters-in-law both trained nurses. The meeting then concluded.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
MRS. PARNELL AND HER CREDITORS.

THE RECEIVING ORDER DISCFIARGED.

- ---- • --- - The following appears in "Stubbs' Weekly Gazette —Parnell, Katherine, 10, Walsingham-terrace, West Brighton, widow. Jan. 6. Payment of 20s. in tin.: pound, and interest at 4 per cent. as follows: 7s. 6d. in the pound within fourteen days after approval of the court ; the balance of 12s. 6d. hi the pound and the interest by appropriation of and charge upon a moiety of all income to which the debtor is entitled, and all the interest of the debtor in the estate of her late husband, Charles Steward Parnell, deceased (subject to an existing charge to secure £5OO, and interest at 5 per cent., from March, 1892), until such balance and interest are paid. Receiving order discharged.

RAY'S TIC PILLS, specific in Neuralgia. Face-ache, 94d. and 130. ; postage ld. Of all Chemists.—Adtt.

The election of a member of Parliament to succeed the late Mr. W. Summers in she representation of Hudders- field took place on Saturday, with the result that the , Conservative candidate, Sir Joseph Crosland, was re- turned by a majority of 35. The figures were—Cros- land, L,068 ( Woodhead (L), 7,033, At the general elec- tion last year Mr. W. Summers (L) polled 7,098 and Sir Joseph Crosland. 6,837 votes.

QUITB TRUE! Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago. Piles, Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaints. Diseases of Kidneys, Bladder, Urinary Organs, Stone, Gleet, Stric- ture, Sciatic,, Rheumatism, and Gout, will find a positive cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box, awl if not satisfied your money will be returned. Price is 10. Of all c,,emists, or post tree for 12 stamps from /I OLD- ROYD'S Medical Hall, Cleckheaton, Yorks. Don't be put off. If you cannot get them write to the Proprietor, and a box will be sent next post.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SA.TtTIIDAY, FEBRUARY 11. 1893.

SPRAINS.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BEST & CHEAPEST HOSE IN LIVERPOOL

A WONDIIRFUL MEDICINH,

BEECHAM'S PILLS

! ARE universally admitted to be worth a Guinea a Box for Bilious and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fullness and Swelling after Meals, Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings or Dent, Loe/ of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Scurvy and Blotches on the Skin, Dis- turbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb- ling Sensations, &c. The first dose will give relief in twenty minutes. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try one Boxof these Pills, and they will be acknowledged to be

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. For females of all ages these Pills are invaluable, as a ew doses of thent carry off all humours, and bring about all that is required. No female should be without them. There is no medicine to be found equal to Beecham's Pills for removing any obstruction or irregularity of the system. If taken ac- cording to the directions given with each box, they will soon restore females of all ages to sound and robust health. This has been proved by thousands who have tried them, and found the benefits which are ensured by their me.

For a Weak Stomach, Impaired ITiic-st:So-n-, and all Disorders of the Liver, they act like magic, and a few doses will be found to work wonders on the most important organs in the human machine. They strengthen the whole muscular system, restore the long lost complexion, bring back the keen edge of appetite, and arouse into action with the rosebud of health the whole physical energy of the human frame. These are FACTS testified continually by members of all classes of society, and one of the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debilitated is, BEECHAM'S PILLS have the Largest Sale of anti Patent Medicine in the World. BEECHAM'S MAGIC COUGH PILLS.

As a remedy tor Coughs in general, Asthma, Bronchia Affections, Hoarseness, Shortness of Breath. Tightness and Oppression of the Chest, Wheezing, Sm.' these Pills stand un rivalled. They are the best ever offered to the public, and will speedily remove that sense of oppression and difficulty of breathing which nightly deprive the patien of rest. Let any person give BEECHAM'S COUGH PILLS a trial, and the most violent Cough will in a short time be removed.

Prepared only, and Sold Wholesale and Retail, by the Pro i prietor, Thomas Beecham, St. Helens, Lancashire, n Boxes '90., Is. id. and is. 9d. each.

Sold by all Drnggista and Patent Medicine Dealers every where.

N.8.--Full directions are given v.:th each box.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

VIOLIN, very rich tone, RUSSIAN COPY with BOW, in casa complete, a genuine bargain. Pric, only 2:s Od

VERY FINE PAIR RUBY LUSTRIS, 16 inches in height, under glass shades, double drops bsauti- fully decorated, suitable for drawing room, only ... 27s 6d

FLOCK BRi 8, the set dunplete, our special make clean and well picked flocks, good size, well filled, only

CARPET, tapestry, good size, splendid pattern, suit- able for parlour or bedroom, quite new. never been worn, wonderful value. The Bee Hive l6s fld

BLANKET, large size, wool cloth, second hand, a great bargain, the pair, at the Golden Bee live ... 9s 11

CREST OF DRAWERS, a very useful size for bed- room, light colour, well finished, the best material. Call and see them, you will purchase directly, only 17s

AT THE GOLDEN BEEHIVE. _ "FOB -

BLOOD

THE LIFE."

Is warranted to cleanse the blood fro in all impurities. from whatever cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy. Eczema, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds. its effects are marvellous. It is the only real specific for Gaut and Rheumatic Pains, font removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials . In bottles 2s. 93. and Ils, each, of all Chdnists. Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors.

LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG • COMPANY, LINCOLN. BEWARE OF WORTHLESS IMITATIONS.

ASTHMA AND BRONCHITIS CURED.

THOUSANDS TESTIFY. BA.RL SHANNON writes : —" Your remedy Instantly relieves and cures Asthma and Bronchitis. I have recommended it to people n England as well as over here."

Du. LAWTON, M.D., Middleton, writes:—" I have Lad repeated opportunities of seeing the action of Mr. Vaughan's preparation for Asthma and Bronchitis. I can bear testimony to its great value as a curative agent. I would strongly re- commend it to any person suffering from Asthmatic affec- tione.—M. LA.WTON, M.D." For particulars write— D. VAUGHAN, LANGFORD TERRACE. CORE, IRELAND.

00CiS PATENT A LV AN atcse.s3 STEEL WE I:IATTRESSES,

yo. 11 VA) C • 441,

GOLDEN BEE HIVE, 69 & 71, CHURCH STREET,

MIND fAMEcle:'-' - , r• "• v 14 ..0. ' , . , .:i '. ,SLOCII3 PURIFIER A:dAtil D R ESTO RE-R.

• : 1r;-:

With French and Perulan Veci steads compltte. 's To be seen carrying le ONE TON. le. INS---French. , We Challenge other Wire Mattress u.' to stand this Test !! ,',.: „,., . nut is it erer re- . jiiTt.r.i,'.....4,. , o ofared a Mattress r ~.„,., that it n. i should Certainly tiy;,..!;-.lllll‘ ~..4zr °Let. Hitherto the v.* ' ' it. s -,, r.ompl.intv gainst the use of Wire t :f ' - . Mattresses has been that they stretched atter a time, which was °,'.'it• ''''' 443P4/41•1, true. We give this severe test to prove that ours will not stretch. If they do within. 5 years we will replace with new ones. To be had from THOMAS SUTTON, Sale Rooms, Legh Street. THE LONGFORD WIRE Co. Limited WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_18930211_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
MANUFACTURERS OF

'ATENT MAI

-YOU DOUBT TIS

3afair In HALF the TIME, with Half the Labour YOU can produce .3fORE POLISH with TWO Penny Packets of RISING SUN than with HALF - DOZEN Penny Packets of ordinary Blackleact

ICKEST, CHEAPEST & BEST. 1 r q ISa i .. PA. I n V ...., ,--a},/i li 1 q 1 - '. '.! ' ,"t:'-A 44 It, .."‘:7 ,/ " ' '''''V.4.o .".. •L I QUID. , 1 ' to 1/ t„ k 4, .. -A. r 4 rTA L. PO Lis rt teime Gives to Metal Articles of every Description (Gold,, Silver, Copper- lira..., Steel. ere., also Glass) a Beautiful Soft I....NALLaut Polish, which lasts SIX TIMES AA LONG WITFIOUT TARNISHING RS other kinds. NO LABOUR. NO MIXING, NO SCRATCHES. llReil is BOUDOIR, KITCHEN, STABLE, SHOP, &c. Polishes anything anywhere, indoors or outdoors.

Contains Starch Gloss, Borax, Gum, Wax, Szc. Requires NO ADDITION or PREPARATION. eaves Time, Labour and Uncertainty. Produces BEAUTIFUL 'WHITE CFLOSSY LISTEN.

CHANCELLOR'S PLATE POWDER. "Saves an immense amount of time and labour, 11n4 gives a brighter polish than anything else. There is no preparation of which we know to epal tt9 excellence."—ENQlllßE Samples of the above Four articles post free for 8 stamps, or of any One for 2 stamps (to cover postage). Naves this Paper. Act your Grocer to get them for you. C. CHANCELLOR & CO., LONDON[E.C.. TRY TI-EM AND SEE.

1 TIM' YOUR FAMILY by a new invention, four stamps for sample.- G. ANDREW, 54, Perth Road, London, N,

-IVECHANGE for Stamped Envelope for particulars. Mar- _l24 ried Lady has a most vafuable harmless recipe for ladies.—Mrs. BAYLEY, Broad-st., Nottingham.

ARi or Gay Life in Paris ; illustrated, 30 lUrbL-E'IIIWhOtRKS, withPlates' 352 pages' 30 st'mP°' BOWLER, 27, Renshaw-et., Liverpool. stamps.—Post freeg B.

FrowLE's PENNYROYAL & BM'. PILLS for Females, quickly correct all irregularities, remove all obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptoms so preva- lent with the sex. Boxes Is. lid. and is. 9d. of all chemists sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker, B. T. TOWLE, Chemist. Nottingham.

ON BOX OF CLARKES' 841 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs, [neither sex (acquired or constitutional). Gravel, and Pains in the back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes, 43. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors, throughout the World ; or sent to any address for shay stamps by the Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES HRUH COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholedale Agents; BARCLAY & SONS, London, and all the Wholesale Houses.

s;sitzcra).tiont4 ri-nesn 7Not el I nRIAL oForiTE • R NET, 250 PAGE—S 0.4( N Contt e ° • 9 'Dim POST and over 250 Songs, The Pictorial Tutor beinz PUb" ProspectlVA Strt r,,st free _ _ Dances, Carols. r,nthenv,. at Ne Price, it ohtnmecl ;.t. and cheapest tx3KAL e•e, rur !ktml. FREE. ;41 .1 .4130 OL Music am's 9.. Louden. 11.. C. Id The l'atkelons and Karim fume.

DECORATIVE AND ART FURNITURE. „... i7,„tki,,..,Jow..Ar.ig -,-.,..1-4....."4.---_, , ..,j._ -.4.--A-74, t DI ' tJoi--fNsoNi 'A .. .. _ . s. ~ •-3 cn.4 j'7,17;1i71.:72'17._ 145iNgililtli '. . 1 i. 41 . z:i c,,,1;,:,,,, . • Nl,2ai:l4L-114 (4.7*... .:. .. ' '..t,L .. : tn. m qf tg BY P ,CHINERY.

' si Eli 01/ASI , strw, $ i ' s :kt --- .....<__- -eTS,'• EASIEST, OU,

ALWAYS CSC

FLETTI3 MARMALADE TO BEE AKFAST FLErrs MARMALADE TO BREAKFAST.

F LETT'S PICKLES TO DINNER. FLETT'S PICKLES TO DINNER.

FLETT'S JAms TO TEA. FLETT'S JAMS TO TEA.

FLETT'S SAUCE TO SUPPER. FLETT'S SAUCE TO SUPPER.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEE

===== 0002601_18930211_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Zettero to the Obitor.

DOG MUZZLING IN CHESHIRE. Sir,--I see a recent order has been issued by which all dogs in the County of Chester must be muzzled, which is a name for inflicting a great amount of pain on the poor dogs. The Order 1.1.ay be a very wise precaution against rabies, but it appears to me so very strange that our poor dogs only suffer from that disease, when the game breeding se son is on. The gentlemen who put on the Order, are as a ~ule those who have game and wish to protect it in this way. Their dogs of course, are sport- ing dogs and, therefore, exempt from the Order. Trusting some stronger champion of the dogs than I, may take this matter up, I remain yours truly, FAIRPLAY.

THE DISMISSAL OF THE UNION BAKER. Sir,—lnotice in your issue of last Saturday a letter from Mr. Knowles with regard to the niggardly treatment re- ceived ty Mr. Cliffe from the Board of Guardians, after 25 years faithful service. I feel justified ill contradict- ing Mr. Knowles, as I was baker and cook at the War- rington Workhouse from August, 1871, until April, 1874. After this Mr. W. Mullholland held the situation two years and six months, and then Mr. Hildebrand was there over two years, so I cannot see how Mr. Cliffe could have served 25 years. I was the first paid baker that was employed at the Workhouse at 263. per week, from seven in the morning till eight at night, and I can- not see how Mr. Cliffe has been over-w.rked, as he had 30s. per week until a short time since.—Yours truly, JOHN HATTON. Baker. 7, Sparling-street, Latchford.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
BUDDIIISM AND CHRISTIANLTY.,

attention has been called to several letters upon the above subject, which appeared in your paper a few weeks ago. The writers must surely imagine that we are an exceedingly gullible public in Warrington if they could expect us in any seriousness to accept their settings of the "points of resemblance" between Buddhism and Christianity. I allude more especially just now to their parade of what they pretend to call facts. It is a pity that "Barry Esmond" and "Eclec- tic" had not first studied Max Muller's chapter "On False Analogies" in his lectures introductory to "The Science of Religion." It would have saved them from ' some well-merited ridicule. Not to dwell upon the glaring inaccuracy of "Harry Esmond" touching Chrishna whom he call. "a Buddhist God," but who was nothing of the kind (for Buddha eschews all such pretended deities). I should like to refer to several chronological "points" involved in your correspondents' letters. Eclectic" tells us that the Brahmans' claim for Chrishna that he lived 7,000 years ago. that is, over 5,000 years before Christ. But what evidence do the Brahmans give for any such statement? The ancient Egyptians said their dynasties went back thirty thousand years. but who believes it in this day? What then about the Brahmans—how far back do their reliable historical records take us Their most ancient writing is the Rig-veda, and the highest Sanscrit autho- rities tell us this cannot be fixed earlier than the 12th to the 15th century before Chi ist—and that its latest por- tions are as recent as the 2nd century B.C. Now what about Chrishna? His history is contained in what is called the second period of Sanscrit literature, namely, the Epic period, much more recent than that of the Rig- veda, and in that portico of it to which "Eclectic" re- fers—the Bhagavad-bita, an episode inserted in the great poem called the Maha-Charita. But what is the date of this episode known as the Bhagavad-gita? Not earlier says one of our greatest Sanscrit authorities, Sir Monier Williams, than the 2nd or 3rd century after Christ! In the face of this what becomes of " Eclectic's " insisua- tion that our gospel-story of Christ is nothing but a copy ,of the fable of Chrishna Now Ido not care to make any point of what some , initilent scholars may have assumed, that the stories about Chrishna in the Bhagavad-gita were suggested to the Brahmans from what they had heard of our gospels ' in the 2nd or 3rd centuries of our Era ; but I must refer to a series of most extraordinary impositions palmed off upon European scholars, and recorded by Max Muller in his chapter above referred to "On False Analogies." About 100 years ago Sir William Jones, the great orient- alist,and a certain Colonel Wilford were tricked by Brah- mans in India into the acceptance of certain passages as having a place in their sacred writings, and bearing a most startling similarity to certain characters of the old Testament, such as Adam and Eve, Noah, Abraham and others. The excitement created by these discoveries was inconceivable. Elaborate essays were written by such men as Sir W. Jones, and scholars all over Europe were occupied in the study of these remarkable extracts and theorising on their bearings upon sacred history. As time went on coincidences multiplied and were pointed out by the Brahmans ; " At last," Says Max "the coincidences became too great. The IfiStt. were again carefully examined ; and then it was found that a clever forgery had been committed, that leaves had been inserted in ancient MSS. and that on these leaves the Pundits, urged to disclose their ancient mysteries and traditions, had rendered in correct Sanscrit-verse all that they had heard about Adam and Abraham "etc. " But the mischief had been done," continues Max Muller, " essays had been written by Colonel Wilford and read all over Europe; they retained their place in the volumes of the Asiatic Researches, and to the present day some of his statements and theories " —founded, mark, upon these fraudulent MSS.—" con- tinue to be quoted authoritatively by writers oa ancient religion." (pp. 299-300). One would have thought that this instance of Brahma- nic fraud should have been a lesson for ever. But note the persistency of folly ; a work was published in Paris only a few years ago by M. Jacolhot under the sensa- tional title "The Bible in India, life of Jesus Christna." Max Muller seems to hesitate whether the work de- served his notice, then pours his scorn upon the produc- tion as he prefaces in these words, his obligation to do So :—" When one sees how its author shuts his eyes against all evidence that would tell against him, and brings together without any critical scruples, whatever seems to support his theory that Christianity is a mere copy of the ancient religion of India, mere silence would not be sufficient answer." Then follows his critique upon the work, which he exposes with unsparing hand, and concludes with a conviction that M. Jacolliot had been imposed upon by his Brahmin friends, and that "he ought to follow the example of Colonel Wilford,and publicly state what has happened" p. 329. Enough, I think, is hers given to emphasise the cau- tion with which such tales as "Barry Esmond" and "Eclectic" treat us to,shoulel be received. Christianity owes no more to the ancient religion of India than it does to the inhabitants of the moon. This has been de- monstrated a thousand times over on other most sure and certain lines of evidence and argument. As to the parallels which your correspondents fancy they see in the Brahmanic legends of Christina, and the historical events in the life of Jesus Christ, permit me to remark that I simply disbelieve that any genuine Hindoo writ- ing of very ancient date records the death and resurrec- tion of Chrishna in the manner described by one of your correspondents. Ido find a very different account from his, quoted by a high authority from the Vishnu-Purana " that he was accidentally shot in the sole of his foot by a hunter, who thought that he was aiming at a deer, and which brought his earthly career to a close." (See Chambers's Encyclopedia under "Vishnu.") Other as- sumed parallels are not true ; and as to those which are so, a very commonsense remark of Max Muller applies here when speaking of ethical similarities,that such in- stances found everywhere "in no way necessitate the admission that one religion borrowed from the other." Coincidences abound in all history, and in the com- mon events of daily life. The string of ordinary insignificant parallels cited by your correspondents (I refer here to facts or incidents) should merely excite one's derision or contempt. The fleeting features of most of the coincidences noted vanish the moment you come to trace and to compare them: They remind one only of those changing shapes-occasionally seen in the clouds ;—the features of some well known public char- actsr suddenly appearing and then dissolving into gro- tesque images as unlike to the first impression as that of a bull or a bear. Another word or two in closing. " Eclectic" would do well to make himself better acquainted with so large and important a subject, and to consult competent authorities before he undertakes to advise your readers to study.such an anachronism as the Bhagavad-gita with the object of showing how this production of the 2nd or 3rd century of our era is the source from Which our gospels of the Ist century are derived : and especi- ally let him feel assured that those of your readers who are interested In such questions as this are not likely to seek for enlightenment thereon from such moonstticken authorities as Madame Blavatsky.—Yours, JOHN DIGNUM. .7enlieth, Oth February, 1893.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
AfH.LETICS.

NOTES ON GAMES AND

FOOTBALL.

It is o'er, and the glumness of my facial arsa would serve as a "dark cloud" of melancholy wherewith to decorate a "lobe" funeral. Warrington met Oldham on Saturday,and in doing so met defeat. It was disappoint- ing,for I, like many others, looked forward tD this match with pride—pride which swelled our bosoms so much that no clothing but an umbrella could be induced to fit, at times. Warrington were expected to defeat Oldham again, and by so doing hoist up another step in the com- petition list, and help to lift from the ground the fair flag of Warrington—the flag which has latterly been lowered by unworthy foes too often, and trampled in the mire by adverse critics. As one of my friends remarked after the match" Ah ! The team of my home—my birthplace, I thought to have seen you rise like an avalanche and "smash "'cm but your skill has only been of short measure and the obloquy of defeat has enshrouded you."

Bat for all that, I don't see anthing to go languishing and pining about. Oldham deserved their win (by three points) for they played a most admirable game their combinations, and individual finish being undoubtedly a grade higher than that of the home men. Anyone watching the game closely could easily see that it was almost entirely by the solidity of their scrimmages and packs, that Oldham did any scoring. But what they did was quite sufficient, although it could easily have been augmented had it not been for the careful though brisk defence of Boscow, assisted by Webster. At times, the strain on those two players was excep- tionally great. By sheer force the visitors several times brought the oval, yard by yard, until close upon the Warrington line, and time after time they were sent back to their own territory by a timely punt from Bos- cow.

This solid and united scrimmaging and packing on the part of Oldham did not mark that team as very clever in that direction ; it merely showed that Warrington have become rather too deficient. Discouragement may have been the cause of it, but upon my word, I felt like standing on one leg • and kicking myself with the other sometimes when I saw the indolent, and scattered way in which our home men west into scrimmage.

Then again there were several chances of scoring lost by Warrington players in their final essays—at the time when nothing but a little judgment was necessary. All these little shortcomings, which could have been overcome by a little care, decided the result of the game. To my thinking if Warrington had been in anying like their old form they would not have been beaten—even though it was only by three points.

Some good work however was done by Webster, Bate, Evans; and Fleesom. There are two expressive excla- mations which I heard on the field that I would like to repeat. They are "Oh, what it is to have a real con- scientious touch judge !" and "If Warrington had been in average form what would they have won by!" lam fain to answer like, the soughing wind without ? ? ? ?

We take this from the " Athletic News " : The affec- tion which some people have for football teams has often been demonstrated, but we think an instance which has come under our notice concerning some Oldham men beats the record. Things are not very prosperous in the hilly milly town, as most folk are aware, owing to the cotton dispute, and, consequently, money is very scarce but enthusiasm is still rampant, and we haVe been told that seven brave souls set out at Friday midnight to walk to Warrington to see the Oldham team play against the " Wire-pullers'" contingent: Their pilgrimage was rewarded by seeing a fine game and a brilliant victory. If there is another club with such loving adherents we should like to hear of it. Rem ! should we !

By the way, alluding to the Oldhamers being out of work reminds me of an explanation which I heard given for the splendid form of their team. It was said that almost every player had not been working for six weeks, and had been continually practicing during that time.

The' match to-day between Warrington and Tyldesley should be an interesting one. Both teams have played seven matches and scored eight points each, in the cup competition.

Swinton and Broughton Rangers met on Saturday to try their strength in the Cup Competition. As might have been anticipated, Swinton came out the winners— by 25 points to two. This leaves our weekly table of re- sults thuswise

RESULTS UP TO SATURDAY.

For. Agst. Plc]. Won. Lest. Drn. G.T. G.T. Pt.. Swinton lO . 9 . 0 . 1 ...15 21... 1 3 ...I9 St. Helens Recreation 10 ... 5 ... 3 ... 2 ... 9 11... 5 6 ...12 Salford Oldham l2 3 . 6 . 3 . 5 13... 7 9 ... 9 Warrington Tyl desley Rochdale Hornets Broughton Rangers Wigan Broughton ll 1 . 8 . 2 .3 2 ...Pc 23... 4

It was a good game which our A and Oldham A played on Saturday. And it resulted in another win for our rising junier team, who are much more fortunate than the Ist team in keeping the scorer employed. They won by two goals, a try and four minors to nil.

I see that the Lancashire County Committee, for their match with Durham at West Hartlepool on Wednesday next, have again selected Boscow (back) and Jolley. Prophetic sporting oracles went so far as to predict that Boscow, after his last appearance with the county team, would not be chosen again. But the Committee have shown themselves to be persons of unbiassed judgment, and have courageously repeated their opinion that Boscow is the most capable back to be found in the county.

The remainder of the selected county team consists of :—Valentine (Swinton), Barratt (Salford), and ArCutcheon (Oldham), three-quarter backs; Bumby (Swinton) and Pallane (Manchester Rangers), half backs ; Kent, King (Salford), Melledew (Rochdale Hornets), Ashworth (Mossley), Atkinson kWigan), Roth- well (Swinton), Whittaker (Walkden), and R. P. Wilson (Old Boys), forwards. GYM.

I was glad to see that the Gymnasium Committee commenced the Saturday night displays on Saturday last. The bill of fare—a competition of three exercises, with the Manchester Simpson Memorial Club—was not at all overdue with what our versatile P.D. terms " Varigatedness." Of course we couldn't expect any- thing " taller "just yet, because the public of Warring- ton seem so backward at patronising this excellent institution, that it would be impossible to count upon a " house "large enough to defray any kind of expense. I think, however, if the Committee could carry out my old suggestion and procure the aid of a few Warrington 1 amateur entertainers, they could raise a much better display than Saturday night's at very little more cost.

One happy feature of the contest on Saturday, how- ever, was that in every exercise the general superiority of the Warrington men towered above their opponents like a telegraph posS, over a prop. This is not a patriotic boast. In this direction, however, I have a statement, which has gained currency, to deny. It is utterly un- true that the Warrington Committee spent a week in find- ing out the worst " eight " in Manchester so that they could bring them to Warrington and cheer the hearts of our people by giving the long delayed victory. It is a piece of contemptible slander.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
HEATH SIDE SCHOOLS.

RE-UNION OF °Li) SCHOLARS AND FRIENDS.

This annual gathering took place on Wednesday evening, at the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-st.. War- rington, when there were present about 150 ladies and gentlemen. Mr. Thomas Morris was the M.C. and he was supported by the head master of the schools (Mr. D. W. Finney), Messrs. F. G. Emson, J. H. Sherlock. F. Leigh, H. Leigh, E. J. Radford, and Joseph Irwin as stewards. In addition to the above there were present the Rev. Harry V. Piget, vicar of St.Paul.s, and Chairman of the Managers; Mrs.Pigot,Mr.Councillor Smethurst, Mrs. and the Misses Cox, Mr. J. H. and the Misses Smethurst, Mr. John and Mrs.Glover,Mr.F.Glover (Cronton), Mr. and Mrs. W. Richardson, Mr. and Mrs.J. Richardson, Mrs. and Miss Brundritt, Mr. S. Wright, J.P., Mr. and Mrs. Hannah, and Mrs. Amos (Grappelli. hall). Mr. Percy Randall's band was engaged, and gave the most unqualified satisfaction. Messrs. Chantry and Son were the purveyors, and it is only just to them to say that all the refreshments were excellent in quality and abundant in quantity. In the interval, after the first part of the programme, Mr. D. W. Finney came forward, and expressed the pleasure it gave him to see so many old scholars and friends present. He honed they would all thoroughly enjoy themselves. The Rev. H. V. Pigot said they must all feel glad to see Mr. Finney among them once more ; last year he was absent on account of indisposition. He then spoke of the im- provements and alterations which had been made in the Heath Side Schools of recent years, and invited them to pay a visit to the schools and see the changes which had been made. The aim and object of the managers was to give the scholars a good education along with religious instruction ; and he was sure they all looked back with pride and pleasure to their early connection with Heath Side Schools. The programme was then pro- ceeded with. Much credit is due to Mr. Frederick J. Emson for the trouble he took to provide for the comfort of the gathering, which was brought to a close in the early hours of the following morning. We must not forget a meed of praise also to Miss Pickton, Mr. J. H. Sherlock, and Mr. Emson for their songs at intervals during the evening.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 189:3.

WA R RINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of this Board was held Oft Wednesday morning. There were present Messrs. R. Heaton, (chairman), Balharry, W. Houghton, Owen, Aukland, Dignum, Ratcliffe, Muir, Hill, Shaw, A. Jolley, Walker, Clark, Turton, Pilling, J. Houghton, Mather, Davies, Dobson, W. Fairclough, Smith, A. J. Jolley, J. C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (assistant clerk), Ward (Workhouse master),Dr.Peacocke,and Mr. Mines (superintendent of Padgate Schools.)

===== 0002601_18930211_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHIP CANAL WORKS NEAR WARRINGTON.

POINTS OF PROGRESS.

Since the disappearauce of the frost a few weeks ago, work of every character has been proceeded with on the ship canal about Warrington. But the work is at such a stage now that the labour of a few weeks is productive of little change in the general aspect of the surroundings, and consequently a person might walk from Acton Grange to Thelwall and see a picture bearing a great similarity to the one be might have seen three months ago. The great bridge at Acton Grange is completed; with the railway lines, plates, boxes, and telegraphic communications all fixed. The Company run light engines and trucks over the bridge and the adjacent length of line, to assist the metals and other things to set. This is likely to be continued some time, in accordance with the Act of Parlia- ment, and will then be followed by the running of goods trains by the L. N. W. Railway Co. These ballast trains are the only signs of active life about the work in that neighbourhood. The whole of the cutting from here down to Stockton Heath is finished with the exception of a few yards of untouched excavation beneath the bridge. And this will have to be left until the last thing. It is a kind of isthmus across the cutting connecting the engine sheds and works at Acton Grange, with the rail- way which runs down to Stockton Heath. At Wilderspool, where the Northwich-road is going to be diverted, the new swing bridge, over which the road is to be conveyed is nearing completion. It is fixed across the cutting, and the engineers and mechanics are quickly finishing their task. Within two months from the present the abutting property —the bay-windowed huuses on both sides of the road at the Warrington end of the bridge—will have probably disappeared. The houses have long since ceased to serve the purpose for which they were built—rural villas—and are now converted in- to 'lodging houses for the navvies and offices for the Company's engineers and surveyors. Until this new bridge is finished and the road deviation opened, there will be no other means of connecting the cut- ting on each side of the old bridge, except by the present subway under the road. Proceeding along, the next object of interest one comes to is the new cantilever bridge near the new Latchford station. This is the bridge over which Wash- lane is to be diverted to run on the south side of the Ackers pits instead of the north sides as at present. This has been necessitated by the canal running through that portion of the old Wash-lane, or Ackers-lane, just above the Baptist Chapel. The road has already been diverted just below the chapel and runs up a steep incline to the new bridge. Reaching the top of the road you see an arrange- ment which might be described as effecting that economical feat of " killing two birds with one stone." The new road will not simply continue over the bridge, past the house which used to be occupied by Mr. J.Dun, down to Lumb Brook. It has also been diverted at the bridge so as to pass the new Station yard, and lead on to Thelwall-road. Thus Latchford Station will practically stand at the end of a thoroughfare from lower Latchford, another from Lumb Brook, and another from Thelwall and higher Latchford. The two stone portions of the bridge are being connected with a centre girder. These girders are being erected on trestles at the bottom of the cutting, and when they are ready they will be raised to the height of the bridge and fitted properly. The Knutsford-road swing bridge has been almost completed. It it has been built parallel with the canal because, so near is it to the present railway line, that if it was built acrossit would probably touch it. The consequence is it will not be swung into its place until the new railway deviation is completed. There is nothing beyond this until past the locks at Latchford. Then crossing 'a stretch of the future bed of the canal, which has not been ex- cavated, one arrives at the commencement of a length of finished cutting extending to Rlxton. This is noteworthy, because it is filled right along with about six feet of water. This has been allowed to accumulate, the pumping engines having been removed, and it will be retain.* in the cutting until the length is opened. The erection of the hydraulic works at the Latchford Locks haa been completed; and the plant is being laid with all expedi- tion.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON DEBATING SOCIETY.

THE REV. E. C. E. CARLETON ON DISESTAB-

LISHMENT.

At the weekly meeting of the Warrington De- bating Society, on Thursday evening, the Rev. E. C. E.Carleton read a short paper upon the Disestablish- ment of the Church in Wales.Mr.A.E.White occupied the chair and there was only a small attendance. The Rev. E. C. E. CARLETON said that the word dis- establishment as applied to the Church of England in Wales was an empty term, a term with no substantial meaning whatever ; and if it was not for the pressure of time he would gladly undertake to prove that it had no meaning at all, because disestablishment could not be effected in Wales unless it was also brought about in England; it was as impossible as it would be to effect disestablishment in any single county in England. They might weaken the church by the withdrawal of patronage but toe Welsh Church could not possibly be disestab- lished by itself because it was simply and purely a part of the English Church, and therefore so long as the Church in England existed as estab- -1 lished, so long would the Church in Wales exist as I established. The Church in Wales came under the same jurisdiction of the Archbishop of Canterbury, and while that dignitary existzd the Bishops of Wales would be isit Iled to attend his synod to consider the affairs of the Church. They would therefore see, that whatever measure was passed by the Government, they could not I pass a real Bill of Welsh Disestablishment. The word disestablishment would be a fallacy, although no doubt lit would be a convenient phrase under which some enemies of the Church could conceal their vindictive. ness. Mr. Gladstone might bring in a measure like the Irish Church Bill, which would simply amount to the withdrawal of patronage. But then the church was not bound up in any scheme of patronage, and although it could be impoverished by such a measure it could not be disestablished. Then again some people might say that the disestablishment would be effected by the dissolution of the House of Lords or by the discontinuance of the privilege which was enjoyed by archbishops in being allowed a seat amongst the peers. That could not effect the Church's establishment. Be con- cluded therefore, that Mr. Gladstone could not submit anything which would mean real disestablishment ;he might produce a measure under that name which would effect the church in material senses, but he could not touch its establishment unless he constructed a Bill of Intolerance,which,of course,he was not likely to do. The rev, gentleman's contentions were debated upon by Mr. J. Gandy, Mr. Horton, and Mr. Bruchemite. The latter contended that the disestablishment of the Church i would do away with many abuses which had tended to convert the church from a" place of prayer to a den of thieves." He alluded to the selling of livings as the chief of these abuses. He said that men totally **map* able of preaching an instructive sermon were able to. procure the livicg of a church, and keep men with true worth and talent out.

I ealled

===== 0002601_18930211_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
A FARM LABOURER'S FATAL FALL.

John Garrity, aged 25, a farm labourer to Mr. Hatton, farmer, Sankey, died in the infirmary on Wednesday. It seems that on the 30th of list month a chimney in deceased's bedroom on the farm took fire, early in the morning. The deceased got up hurriedly and dressed himself, slipping on a pair of clogs,but not fastening them. His brother put a ladder up the wall of the building,and the deceased ascended with a bucket of water. When near the top, however,he slipped,and fell to the ground. He sus- tained a fracture to the thigh, and was removed -to the Infirmary,where he died on the day named. An inquest was fixed by Mr. 9. Brighouse for 12 o'clock at the Infirmary, but the jury having assembled there, Inspector Rowbotham read a telegram from Mr. Brighouse stating that he was prevented from coming, and fixing 4 o'clock at the White Hart Inn, Sankey-at., as the time and place for the inquest. The inquest was held there at that time accordingly. Alfred and Martin Garrity, the deceased's brothers, and Mr. Haddon gave evidence. It appeared that the deceased. Alfred Garrity, and James Devine were in their bedroom on the farm, and sitting by the fire whensparks came down it, and as it was supposed to be on fire, the deceased thought sparks might fire the stacks. Witness put a lad- der up outside,and the deceased ascended to the roof and put a wet sack down the chimney. Witness carried al bucket of water up to him to pour down the chimney. The chimney was brick part of the way up, and then con- sisted of drain pipes put one on the top of the other. The deceased fell from the roof, and broke his leg, and the pipes were found broken. It was supposed that through these giving way when he had hold of them, and his clogs being loose, he slipped and fell. A verdict of " Accidental death " was returned, the jury expres- sing the opinion that all praise is due to the deceased for doing his duty in trying to save his employers property.

Mr. Dayitt boasts that his bill of expenses in con- nection with his return far North-East Cork is one of the lightest on record, his only disbursmnet being 10d., the cost of a telegram in which he acknowledged ,the notification of his return.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
AN OLD COLLEAGUE FROM LEICESTER.

Prior to the business commencing it was pointed out that Mr. Gibson, now of Leicester, an old member of the Board was present. The CHAIRMAN said they always felt glad to see old faces amongst them. Mr. Gibson looked so much better than he used to do. He did not look much like a poor distressed farmer now. (Laugh- ter.)

===== 0002601_18930211_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
HOUSE COMMITTEE.

This Committee recommended that the chaplain be allowed the assistance of St. Mary's parochial choir, and its members be allowed to visit the Workhouse for the purpose of taking part in the Sunday services. The Committee also recommended that four applicants for the office of baker and cook be seen by the Board, and that they make a selection from them.—The minutes were adopted,on the motion of Mr. RATCLIFFE, seconded by Mr. DAVIES.—Mr. A JOLLEY here rose to speak but the Chairman inf-Tmed him that he was too late.—Mr. JOLLEY objected to this.—The minutes were adopted.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE SCHOOLS COMMITTER.

The minutes of this Committee, which contained nothing of moment, were adopted, on the motion of Mr. W. Houghton, seconded by Mr. AuWand.

MR. A. JOLLEY AND THE CHAIRMAN.

Mr. A. JOLLEY : It appears to me that your ruling is rather hard for members of this Board.— The CHAIRMAN: We provide rules, and we must really carry them nut.—Mr. A. JOLLEY : You want all your Own way.—The CHAR-ore/4 : I shall do very well if I succeed in getting it.—Vater on Mr. JOLLEY again com- plained of the Chairman's procedure.—Mr. MUIR : I think Mr. Jolley alluded to your allowing no time for discussion, and I think you are wrong.—Mr. JOLLEY : Radically wrong, and I locg to propose that the censure be on the Chairman.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
RELIEF OF ABLE-BODIED PERSONS.

The CHAIRMAN said there were five other exceptional cases in which the Relieving officer had allowed relief to able-bodied persons to the amount of 21s. The Chair- man proposed that the Local Government Board be appealed to to authorise this relief, as previously.—The Assistant CLERK said he had received a letter from the Local Government Board sanctioning the previous departure from the regulations in providing relief of this kind.—The Chairman's motion was seconded.—Mr. RATCLIFFE said he had never heard any seconder to the proposition.--The CHAIRMAN said this was rather unfor- tunate and said if Mr. Ratcliffe had listened to the Clerk—Mr. RATCLIFFE (interrupting) : It takes me all my time to listen to you.

THE VACANT NEWTON SEAT,

The Assistant CLER said an order had been received from the Local Government Board fora new election in the place of Mr. Hood-Wri4ht, who had resigned.

THE SURVEILLANCE OF THE WORKHOUSE.

The Assistant CLERIC read a circular received from the Local Government Board authorising the admission of Guardians to the Wprkhouse and schools at any time, also the appointment of ladies, not necessarily Guardians, as visitors. Mr. SHAW said there were one or more men and boys in the blind asylum that the Guardians paid for, and he thought it would only be right to have a committee to visit these institirtions.—The CHAIRMAN reminded Mr. Shaw that that was not the question.—Mr.W.lloconToN : We have practically had that in force since I have been on the Board, but I suppose now it becomes part of the consolidated orders.—The CHAIRMAN : It is in conse- quence of the action of this Board years ago that the Local Government Board are taking us as a pattern and making it applicable over all the country. Some of the old Guardians will no doubt take credit for instructing the Local Government Board. It WAS a considerable hardship that people could not get into the Workhouse except on fixed days.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATH SCHOOLS.

It was reported that an entertainment had been given in thesehool for the b-nefit of the children belonging to that school and the village school, to which the parents of the children were admitted.—Mr. A. JOLLY: Was there anyone from Warrington attending that bit of a do ? (Laughter.)—Mr. MINES: There were none from Warrington. MR. W. HOUGHTON AND THE " OBSERVER " AGAIN.

Mr. W. Florrowron said at the last meeting the Board went into committee, and the reporters had the good taste, discretion, and decency to leave the room, but in one of the papers, in an account of the business of the Board, there was a paragraph setting forth what the business in committee was, which affected both Mr. Shaw as the person making complaints and an officer against whom they were made. This was a gross breach of privilege. There was no one but Guardians and officers in the room when the complaints were made. (A Voice :What paper?) The "Observer." Mr. Shaw made complaints against a certain relieving officer, and it was a gross breach of confidence to report the matter, and one which ought not to pass unnoticed. The Board had suffered from the same thing in the past, and it was time it was put a stop to. (Hear, hear.) There was no other public business. APIPOINTMENT OF A BAKER. _ _ . .

The Board then interviewed the four applicauts for the post of baker and cook, and appointed Mr. Charles Powell, of Hereford.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
A COMPETITON AT THE WARRINGTON GYMNASIUM.

Several causes—the recent smallpox epidimic chiefly—have had a very detrimental effect upon the Warrington Gymnasium. The membership was very much affected, especially in the ladies' classes, but since the abet )ment of the epidemic the num- bers on the books bave grown to their usual strength. But there has been one feature missed throughout the season, and that is the series of fortnightly displays. On Saturday last, however, the first attempt was made to revive these pleasant entertainments, and it was rewarded with a fair amount of success. A competition had been ar- ranged between a picked " eight" of the home " Gym." and an" eight" from the Simpson Memorial Club, Manchester. The attendance of spectators, how- ever, wig not very large, and this was alluded to by the Chairman,Mr. McGregor,who,amongst other things, said that Mr. Kinsley, the director, was worthy of all the en- couragement they could give him in his attempts to benefit the institution. He had come amongst them as a stranger, and had had to make his way amengst them.—The judge for the occasion was Professor Renshaw, who is one of the best known judges in the gymnastic world. The first thing noticeable between the two "eights" was the superior physique of the Warrington men. Both in general agility and sheer muscular strength they were far ahead of their opponents. This was seen particu- larly in the first exercise—the dumb-bells. The maximum number of points in this exercise is 160. Out of that Warrington gained 150 against 118 for their opponents, who, by the way, were directed by their conductor in every exercise, whilst the home" eight" performed each without a word of "prompting." The second exercise was parallel bars. This is always a difficult exer- cise. With the exception of the horizontal bar it is the exercise which requires the most nerve and the most finely trained sinews. With the exception of one man the individual scoring of the visitors was below that of the home men. G. Tomes, Manchester, however, got NI points, the highest score for some really well finished evolutions. Amongst the homesters the highest scores were taken by J. Holmes, W. Walsh, and J. r Podmore, each of whom got 16 points; Bennion, Warren and Locker taking 15. A. Dickens, who made a very young substitute for G. N. Vernon, came out very ' promisingly, whilst J. Mottram gave an excellent dis- play for 12 points, and prnbably deserved more. The individual miring was thus :—Warrington F. C. • Bennion' 15; J. Holmes, 18 ; W. Walsh, 16 ; J. E. Warren, 15 ; J. Mottrarn, 12 ; J. Locker, 15 ;J. Podmore, 16 ;A. Dickens, 11 ; total, 116. Man- chester : J. Taylor, 9 ; W. Entwistle, 11 ' • C. H. Chappell, 14 ; T. Pearson, 9; G. Tomes, 18 ; 3.5. Hunt, ;J. H. Hacking, 13 ; W. Gasket!, 16 ; total 102. Warrington thus won by 14 points. In the next com- petition, rope climbing, there was not much difference between the two teams, although Warrington came in for 79 points against 54. This, of course, was merely a r trial of arm streng,th,and who more likely to have taken the highest score than Locker and J. Podmore? The individual scores were :—Manchester : J. Taylor, 5 ; , Entwistle, 4 ; Patterson, 7 ; Pearson, 6: Tomes, Th; Hunt, 8 ; Hacking, 61 ; and Halton, 10. Warrington : Bennion, 8 : Holmes, 9; Walsh, 9i ; Warren, : Mot- tram, 10 ; Locker, 12; Podmore, 10 ; and Dickens, 101. The entertainment concluded with an exhibition on the horizontal bars by the home conductor, Mr. J. Kinsley, and Mr. Wall, the visitors, conductor. Mr. Kinsley had an opportrinity of showing the public what he really can do as an all round athlete. Professor Renshaw said he considered the exercises had been very well done. They had not been show exercises, hut exercises that required considerable skill. (Applause.) On the motion of Mr. Conper, a vote of thanks was accorded to the judge, and the proceedings termin- ated.

A Bradford correspondent is informed by Mr. Mad- docks, one of the new Syndicate proposing to take over the business of Sir Titus Salt, Bart.. Sons,. and Co., Limited, that the arrangements for the reconstruction of the firm are in such a position that the scheme is almost certain to be carried out. The whale estate at Saltaire is to be taken over by the Syndicate.

At Liverpool City Police Court on Wednesday, William Sockett, farmer, Crossens, near Southport, was fined £lO and costs for having diseased meat deposited for sale. Defendant had three times previously bt,en con- victcd for similar offences.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
I'UOPOSED VEHICULAR BRIDGE ACROSS

THE MERSEY.

A quarterly meeting of the Cheshire County Coun- cil was held at the Chester Castle, on Thursday, under the presidency of Mr. Duncan Graham, and was well attended. One of the subjects under dis- cussion was the following resolution passed and forwarded by the Runcorn Rural Sanitary Authority :—" That this authority have had under con- sideration the question of a vehicular bridge across the Mersey between Runcorn and Widnes, and strongly urge the necessity for such a bridge, and express the hope that the County Council of Cheshire will adopt all necessary measures for ensuring its erection."—The Clerk said he had received a joint letter Lom the Town-clerk of Widnes, and the Law-clerk of the Runcorn Com- missioners asking that an early date should be fixed for a meeting of the joint representatives of the County Councils of Lancashire and Cheshire. —The Chairman explained that a conference had been held between representatives of both councils and of the local authorities of Runcorn and Widnes, and the con- ference was adjourned sine die t.. enable the local autho- rities tc. produce further evidence. Mr. P. Speakman (Runcorn) said that everything was in line now, and whenever it was convenient to the County Councils to hold the conference the local autho- rities were prepared to meet them.

Mr. Joseph Eeckett (Audlein) : What will the bridge cost ?

The Chairman : The estimate is £lBO,OOO. Mr., Beckett What proportion do they want us to pay.?

The Chairman : The proposal at present is that the two local authorities should pay £30,000 each, leaving the County Councils of Lancashire and Cheshire to pro- vide the remainder, whatever that would be. At the lowest estimate it would be £10),000—or£60,000 apiece. Mr. Eddowes (West Kirby) : One of the local authori- ties suggested that it should be a toll bridge, and that the local authority should take all the toll. (Laughter.) No motion was proposed, and the subject was dropped.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHIP CANAL.

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS.

The report of the directors of the Manchester Ship Canal Company' which was submitted to the meeting of shareholders in Manchester on Monday, states that the available borrowing powers on, the 3lst December were £253,480 and £369,600, the balance unissued of the first and second mortgage debentures respectively, making a total of £023,080. The report then goes on to say The above-mentioned balance of the first mvrtgage debentures has been taken up.since-the close of the half year. A bill has been deposited in the present session of the Parliament to enable the Company to Raise Additional Loan Capital not exceeding £2,000,000 for the completion of the undertaking at a rate of interest not exceeding q per cent, per annum. The Corporation of Manchester has also deposited a bill to authorise the Corporation to lend the Company any additional sums not exceeding £2,000,000, and it is also provided that any other muni- cipal corporations may contribute towards such further loan. The Corporations of Salford and Oldham have deposited bills to authorise them to lend the Company any sums not exceeding £1,000,000 and £250,000 respectively. .. . _ _

The Total Area of Land. purchased to date is about 4;513 acres, the purchase money for which, including compensation for interfer- ence, amounts to £1,133,459, in settlement of claims amounting to £2487,020. Applications continue to be made for the purchase ot surplus lands, and several plots have been sold by the Company for works at various points on the Canal. The Corporations of Man- chester and Salford are applying to Parliamer.t for power to purchase land belonging to the Company for the erec- tion of abattoirs and cattle lairages. The follewing is the report of the Executive Commit- tee :—" During the past half year. Satisfactory Progress . .

has been made with the general Zvorks, which are ex- pected to be completed by the end of the year ; that portion of the work which was let by tender has been pushed on with much viaour, and there is every reason to believe that the contractors will finish within the, time specified. The Five Deviation Railways are now finished. The deviation of the Cheshire Lines railway between Flixton and Liam has been passed by the Board of Trade, and goods trains are now being worked over the line. The Board of Trade has also in- spected the deviation railway between Glazebrook and Partington and the junctions of the other deviation rail- ways near Warrington. The works on the

Runcorn Section have been carried on in a satisfactory manner,, and al- though they could not be commenced as early as the. other portions of the canal, in 'consequence of the neces- sity of first making provision for the accommodation of the river Weaver traffic, it is anticipated that they will be completed concurrently with the remainder of the works during the present year. The tibods of last autumn brought down into the canal a very large quan- tity of cinders, ashes, and silt,and have thus augmented the quantity of material ,to be dealt with by dredg- ing. Two Powerful Dredgers, which were provided for in the estimate of June last, are now being constructed at the Salford docks, and will shortly be ready for work. If no further unforeseen contingency arises, there is no reason to believe that the coat of the works for the completion of the canal as set forth in the estimate of June, 1892, will be exceeded. During the half year 700,997 Tons of Traffic _ _

were carried over the opened portion of the Ship Canal, and although nearly thie whole of the present traffic has to be admitted free of toll the net- revenue has covered the working expenses. In addition to the above-men- tioned traffic 611896 tons of dredgings were carried. The quantity of traffic loaded, discharged, and transhipped at Saltport during the half year was upwards of 100,000 tons, and consisted of Runcorn (Bridgewater Canals) traffic, materials for the works, and Ship Canal traffic, such as timber, salt, sugar, pitch, resin, &c. TWo Regular-Lines of Steamers are now running between Saltport and London and Glas- gow respectively. There is a good field for private en- terprise in the erection of warehouses in Manchester and Salford, and it-is understood that several. schemes are being mooted. Those who are thinking of promoting such undertakings are reminded that the time when there will b 3 a large demand for storage in warehouses is near at hand. The Traffic- on the Bridgewater Canal . .

has been well maintained. The net revenue for the half year, after making the usual, deductions, amounts to £30,078 104. 24. The new traffic arrangements ren- dered necessary isy the temporary closing of the Runcorn dock entrances have been successfully carried out, and the traffic has been worked to the satisfaction of all concerned. In conjunction with a line of steamers the Blidgewater undertaking has entered into a through carrying business to and from London, rid Saltport ; and, though there were many initial difficulties, a large business is in course of development. The Board of Trade has held an inquiry pursuant to. the Traffic Act, 1888, as to the proposals of six canals and has promul- gated a draft provisional order which' if applied to the Bridgewater Canal would render much of the traffic un- remunerative. Efforts are therefore being made, jointly with the other canals interested to secure some modifi- cation of the order. In

===== 0002601_18930211_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
Addition to the.BilPs

already referred to the Company's bill which was passed by the House of Lordslast session and carried over with other private bills at the dissolution of Parliament will, as explained in the last report, be proceeded with through the remaihing stages during the present session. The following bills which affect the Company will be carefully watched during their progress through Parlia- ment, namely :—London, and North-Western Railway, Mersey Docks and Harbour Board, Tranmere Dock and Railway, Manchesber Corporation, Salford Improvement, Eccles Electric Lighting (Provisional Order). The Following Directors Retire by Rotation, .

and being eligible will be proposed for re-election, namely :—Sir Joseph C. Lee,. Mr. Alexander Henderson, Mr. Joseph Leigh, M.P., Mr. S. R. Platt, D.L. Mr. George Hicks, one of the auditors, also retires by rota- tion, and is eligible and offers himself for re-election. SPECIAL MEKFING OF SHAREHOLDERS. ONLY' ONE MILE OF EXCAVATION.

A largely attended special meeting of the shareholders of the Manchester Ship Canal Company was held on Monday to consider the bill now before Parliament for raising additional loan capital and to extend the time for the completion of the canal. In the absence of Lord Egerton of Tattou, chairman of the Company, Mr. J. K. Aythell presided. The bill, he explained, provides for the raising of a further loan of two million pounds on mortgage of the undertaking at a rate of interest not exceeding 41 per cent. He submitted a motion approv- ing of the bill. This was seconded by Mr. S. R. Platt, and adopted. At the ordinary meeting, which was after- wards held, it was stated that in all probability the canal will be completed by the end of this year. Of the 351 miles of excavation only about a mile now Temains to be done, and this is chiefly at points where the canal is crossed by railways.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
ADVENTURES OF A POSTCARD. -- -- EIGHT AND A HALF YEARS ON A JOURNEY.

A curious story of " delay in transmission" is sent to the" Daily graphic "by a correspondent. On the 25th of June, 1884, the writer posted a postcard addressed to Mr. Beetenson. of Westminister. Though the missive was marked" immediate." it appears to have been in the " W" district office from that date till the 31st of January, 1893. Then it was accidentally discovered and forwarded, for some reason not explained, to the Kentish Town office, whero it was received on the Ist of February. i Thence t was despatched on the same day, to Westininister, and on the third it returned to the sender, after n a,bsoce of just oight years and a half.

LATEST NEWS.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CRISIS IN THE.. BOTTLE , TRADE..

A STRIKE INEVITABLE:,

It is reported from St. Helens, that no ballot will take place in Lancashire, but that the day men ceased work at five o'clock yesterday and the nignt men at five eolock this morning, and join other districts in a general movement demanding a restoration of the 1892 rates..

===== 0002601_18930211_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
A CONSTABLE-ATTACKED, BY POACHERS.

A large party of poachers, armed with bludgeons, was encountered on Thursday night at Crewe Green,near Lord Crewe's park. They were surprised by Police- Constable Roscoe, but he was no match for the men, who Set upon him and roughly handled him. One of the sang threw a brick which struck the officer on the head, inflicting a bad gash. The men then made off.

,neari

===== 0002601_18930211_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COTI-ON CRISIS.

ENTHUSIASTIC STRIKE MEETING AT BLACKBURN. At Blackburn, on Thursday night, one of the most enthusiastic meetings of operative cotton spinners over held took place to decide whether they should support the continuance of the Oldham spinners' strike. About 800 members were present, and they resolved absolutely unanimously that the strike must continue The men are already paying a levy of 4s. a week to support the locked-out Oldham men, and the meeting resolved to increase this amount if necessary.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
• GREAT BILLIARD MATCH.

£15,000 AT STAKE. On Thursday night the Victoria Club was crowded to witness a match between two prominent members for probably the largest amount ever played for, viz., £5,550, and before the game concluded, there was fully £15,000 at stake. The game comprised 1,000 up, be- tween Mr. T. G. Wilson and Mr. R. H. Fry, the well- known bookmoker, and formerly of Liverpool. The former conceded 300 points start, restricting Mr. Fry to the top left pocket and cannons, while Mr. Wilson took the other five receptacles and laid ten "monkeys" that he won. Full score :—Wilson, 1,000; Fry, 915,

===== 0002601_18930211_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER DEEMING BEFORE THE 3LEi GISTRATES.

At the Birkenhead Police Court yesterday morning, Samuel Deeming, brother of the notorious Rainhill mur- derer, was brought up before Mr. Preston and charged with having stolen a number of tools, valued 10s. the property of Charles. Smith, bricklayer,, Liverpool. It appeared that Deeming had been employed by Smith in repairing the drains in a house at Lower Tranmere, in December last. When the work was completed Smith left some of the tools in the house, and when he returned for the purpose of taking them away, which he did a few days afterwards, he found several of the tools bad been stolen. He traced them to a pawnshop in Liver- pool, and ascertained that the prisoner pledged them there. Deeming now said he had taken the tools, having been driven to do so by want. He had no food, and he not got a bed where he could sleep. He was committed to the assizes for trial.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF MR. JENNINGS, M.P.

Mr. Louis J. Jennings, the member for Stockport, died on Thursday night, at his residence, 73, Elm Park Gardens, London. He had been ailing for two years, suffering from ulceration of the intestines. Mr. Jenn- ings was perhaps better known as a literary man than as a politician. He made a name as an independent and outspoken journalist in New York, and wrote "Eighty Years of Republican Government in the Un- ited States." He has for some time been reader to the great publishing-house of Murrays, and has looked after the interests of the "New York Herald "bureau in this country from time to time. He was 56 years of age, and he will be a distinct loss to the House of Commons, on both sides of which he was much respected. At the general election the parties in Stockport stood as follows on the poll :—Joseph Leigh (L), 5,202 ; L. J. Jennings (C.), 4,986 ; Major Sharp Hulme (L), 4,87?; Hon. P. Bowes Lyon (C), 4,681. Although no decision had been come to, it has been assumed by most people in the town that Major Hume will be adopted as EL Liberal candidte for Stockport on the ncx,. Quolttwity.

2bbertiaintitto.

SILK -p ANNERS. 1.." Send for free illustrated Catalogue. SILX -pe ANNERS. _LJP °CORMS TVTILL,B3. City-road, London•

E. T. EVA N S'

STOCK TAKING SALE. THE EXCHANGE, MAREET-STREET,. EARLESTOWN. GENUINE BARGAINS. EVERYTHING REDUCED.

Heaps 'Von Heaps of Remnants of all sorts or goods /narked at a GREAT SACRIFICE.

Special Purchase of EIDER DOWN QUaTS offered at 235. 6d. usUal price 355. bd.

LADIES TIGHT-FITTING LONG JACKETS. high' shoulders andDraided. 3s. lid , usual price, 10s. 6d. Remainder of TOYS, DOLLS, and FANCY GOODS' offered at half price—or given away on these condi- tions viz :—During the Sale Purchasers f 10s.p_rce1s receives a 3d. atticle. Purchaaers of 21s. parcels re- ceives a 6d. article. Purchasers otziOs. parcels receives a Is. article.,

E. T. EVA N S. 17 to 23 MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN.

J. W. T EMPERL•EY,.

MUSIC SELLER,

31, LOWLAND'S ROAD, RUNCORN. PIANOS, ORGANS, VIOLINS,. &c.

Tuning and Repairs. All kinds of Fittings in Stock. Arrangements made for First-Class Orchestral Band and Pianists.

r PIANOS on HIRE and on HIRE-PURCHASE.

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. S. COVENTRY ORDER TAILOR, Is now showing at his New Premises

LEADING NOVELTIES,

0 VERCOAT INGS,

OUITINGS & TROUSERINGS FOR THIS SEASON. Note the new address :-4, HIGH-ST. (next door to the Post Office. RUNCORN.

===== 0002601_18930211_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKETS.

I

: RUNCOAN SertmDAV.- Fresh butter ls 4cl. and Os Od PL lb. ; fresh eggs, 9 for Is ; fowl, 4s 6d to C s Od per couple ; due% 6s-04 per couple ; geese Os to 114 per lb. ; turkeys ts Wv; Cd per lb. ; beef, 5d to 14 per lb. ; mutton, 1,14 to Cs per lb;,,',' pork Cd to 9d per lb. ; lamb dto Cd per lb. ; veal Cd to per lb, ; pot ,toes, Is Od to Os Od per load. Cheese 74s 64. ~ WIDNES, SATURDAY.-Fresh butter, Is 54 and Os Od Pe' lb., ;fresh eggs, 7 for Is ; fowls, 4s 3d to Os per couple 5s Od to s per couple ; geese, '4 per lb. ; beef, 74 to 8d Pe,' Th. ; mutton 74 to Cd per lb., pork, 81:i to Od per lb. I Od to Id per lb. ; lamb, Od per lb. ; potatoes per load, 6s Cd. WARRINGTON MARKE F.-WEDNESDAY, FEB. 8111,..; - BIRGIT, VEGIITABLE. POULT I, Y, BUTCHERS', AND FISHMONGERS' TABLE. S. .1. S. a. a. d. 0. d" Berf,Eng.,V it 0 51to 0 9 Seakale basket 2 oto 0 • ' „ Mutton „ - 0 g Veal „ „ 0 5-0 9 Pears e,ch 0 0-° n Pork „ „ 0 7 o si Apricots each 0 0 - 0 ; ' Pork sides 0 6-O 0 Cauldipwere ... 04 - 0 `,5 - cured 0 7-O 0 Cucumbers each 1 6- - 0 n Whole pigs„ sc 11 0- 11 4 Tomatoes vii 1 0- 0 Geese „ - 0 u, Fowler couple 5 0-0 0 Asparagus v 1000 0-0 Chickens 5 6- 0 0 Potatoes V load 7 0-0 X Ducks „ -0 0 New poWoes , 0 0 - 0 % Rabbits Hares, each -0 0 Green Peas Vts 0 o_o fl ' Pareidge brace 4 0- 0 0 Green Sprouts re 0 0-0 " Grouse „ O- 0 0 lif ang, kidney tt 00_Otf j! • Pheasants ... 3 0-0 0 C,,e- se fine 7O 0-13 0 Butter, fresh ts, 0 0-0 0 ~good 60,,,, Hen eggs 10111 1 0-0 0 , ordinary 45 0- oZ 0 Apples rlt ... 02- 0 0 Lo, sier rlb - v 0 , Grapes ~0 8- 0 0 Turbot ~1 2- v 0 4 PineApele each 5 0- 0 0 6.1m0n „ - ° • 0 ° Greengages VMO 0- 0 0 Whitings . Cherries,, - 0 0 Flukcs ~0 5- v, 0, . Strawberries ~0 0- 0 0 Eels ~ ~0 0-U A' , Damsons „., 0 0-- 0 0 Soles „ -0 .- n 0 , Plums •, ~0 0- 0 0 Sperling& - .0 0 Gooseberries „ 0 0 - 0 0 Codfish „ Raspberries „ 0 0- 0 0 Macs erel each 0 0 Black Currants 0 0- 0 0 flerriog f dozen 1 6-' Red Currants 0 0- 9 o Marrows each 0 0-0 0 _......014

DEATHS DOWNES.—On Bth February, at his realcionee, Railway .. Earlestown. Job Downes. aged 73 years. All, HOLLOWELL.—February 4th, at 14.10 mg-st., Ellis 110114" y" 38 years. GOuoir.—February 4th, at 18 Edward-st., John 14 • ""--- 15 ycars. 38 Amasow.—February sth, at 49 West-st., Caroline Allison. years. NEEDITAM ~ . February sth, at 23 Monk-st Barrow, Arthur Needham, 24 years. BROADNITHST.—February 6th, at Orford. Henri; BroadhuOt. 80 years. GRIFFIN.—February 13t11,_ at 2 Verelst_.,,9:ohn Griffin. 27 9°

MARRIAGES. GARNETT—RILEY.—February 9th, at the Wondhouse -11:-;,,,''; Wesleyan Church, by the Rev. T. L. Parker, uncle of ' ~1 bride Robert Edward, eldest son of Robert Garnett, Hall 'Nook, Penketh, to Mary Louisa, only daughts. Thomas Shann Riley, 23, Midland-road, HeadinghY. Led as No cards. "At Home" Brookaide, Penketh, Tburs tt, after March 13. ----•-•!..--

' Warrington.—Printed and Published by JORN WALKER at The Examiner Veneral,Prlating Works. BewseY-struosa and Publisbed also at The lictrantiner OtEces, V ictoria-r ~ . WIDNES; High-street, RUNCORN ; 32, Georiv-streptiv Helens ; and 33,, Market-akreet, H,taLvaTomtti.—raVll"'

jB3.

'

8 big Cor Itii

To

fro, Oh ate

I

[ , 1 , , , 1 II ..........„, J3i 4... if

•••

===== 0002601_18930211_art0122.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
8 1 80

P]

===== 0002601_18930211_art0123.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'4

===== 0002601_18930211_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
T. d. 0 0 0 6 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 so 5 0 ) 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

ST. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, WIN WICK-STREET, WARRINGTON. ANNUAL TEA PARTY in the Schoolroom, on THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 161 n, 1893. Alderman FRANCOMB, Esq.. J.P., will preside. fltertainment at 7.45 ; Tea at 6.30. Tickets Is. each.

ROYAL COURT THEATRE, RYLANDS-ST., WARRI NGTON. M TO-NIGHT, THE "DARK CONTINENT." ov" .....A,Y,FEBRITARY 13TH and each Evening during the week, oeptTueaday. ALFRED SELWYN and GEORGE HAMIL- uN'S No. 1-Company in H. J. Byron's Celebrated Drama. itly "THE LANCASHIRE LASS." SCENERY.—THE MERSEY BY EIGHT! EGREMONT PIER and the NIGHT BOAT! NEW SONGS AND NEW MUSIC I

S• PETER 'S CHURCH, WARRINGTON. THE ANNUAL TEA PARTY AND ENTERTAINMENT will be held on MONDAY. FERRITARY 13th, 1893. nTRA at half-pact Six. Entertainment at 7.40. At John- feet schoolroom, Warrington. TICKETS Is. each. After Tea. 6d.

T. ANN 'S CHURCH, WARRINGTON. ANNUAL PAROCHIAL TEA PARTY and ENTER- LENT will be held in the SCHOOLS, MONETT-STREET, "k TUESDAY EVENING, FEBRUARY 147 h, 1893. Chairman, Alderman FRANCOMB. J.P. Tea on the Tables at half past six. Tickets One Shilling Each ; after Tea Sixpence.

ARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIKTY. PRESIDENT—JOHN RYLANDS, ESQ., J.P. THE NEXT CONCERT will be given in THE ROYAL COURT THEATRE, RYLANDS-STREET, WARRINGTON, ON TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 14TR, 1193. MENDELSSOLIN'S GRAND ORATOEIO "ELIJAH." PRINCIPAL VOCALISTS MISS MAGGIE DAVIES, SOPRANO. MISS JEANIE RANKIN, CONTRALTO. MR. MALDWYN HUMPHRIES, TENOR. M. FFRANGCON DAVIES. BARITONE. `'41.18 AND ORCHESTRA. OP 200 PERFORMERS. An CONDUCTOR. Mr. FRANK H. CROSSLEY. lit 7, !lISSION 55., 35., and 2s. Back Seats, is. Open c•orkeert at 7.30. Carriages 10. Special trains. W. E. ATKIN, Hon. Sec.

VIADUCT INSTITUTE, BARLESTOWN. A GRAND EVENLNG CONCERT will be held in the above Hall on THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 16TE, 1393. A PARTY OF RENOWNED ARTISTES HAS BEEN ENGAGED. 1 (:)131Ber.—To effectually remove the heavy debt that ..............._____lemains on the Chapel. TOW N II AL L, NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS. XoNDAy AND TUESDAY. FEB. 13 AND 14, 1893. THE THIRD ANNUAL CONCERT CF THE /1.,_ setioLnns OF ST. PETER'S SCHOOLS. ii.'ers open at 7, Concert to begin at 7-30. Ilualbee_t_o (Numbered and Reserved), 2s. ; Reserved (Un- Pl"'d). he. ; and a few Back Seats, 6d. Hip, ip 1:of the Hall to be seen at Captain Royse's Church ' use, and Mr. P s. Li trott' High-street.

1111EATRE ROYAL AND OPERA HOUSE, ST. HELENS. 6/Gle Proprietor and Manager ...... Mr. Wallace Ravin. (Also Lessee of Theatre Royal, Leicester.) Ing Manager and Trees ...... ...Mr. Arthur Horner. kai.l&quence of the Great Expenses attending this En- Mr. Wallace Revill has been c impelled to raise ce° of Admission as follows i—Dress Circle, 45. ; Stalls, kOte 35.; Upper Circle, 2s. „IDAS, TUESDAY, THURSDAY and FRIDAY, "h• 13th, 14th. 16th, and 19th, the Celebrated BURNS-CROTTY OPERA COMPANY, in a grand production of the COMIC Ot'ERA CINDERELLA in Three Acts, by ROSSINI. Ci • wuderepa 011r)NESDAY and SATURDAY, Feb. 15th and 18th, —Y Peclal desire) Balie's Charming Opera--THE ('IBOHEMIAN UIIRL. Arline MADAME GEORGINA BURNS. Count Arriheim... MR. LESLIE CROTTY. 13OURS OPEN at 7.15, to commence at 7.31. Saturdays. half-an-hour earlier. —LY DOORS will be Opened at 6.30 each evening. FLANS OF DRESS CIRCLE STALLS may be seen, and Seats Booked at the TheAtre, bet Ween the hours of 11 and 3, each day.

THOMAS (-1 IJOWDELL. HOUSE AND ESTATE AGENT, KNUTSFORD-ROAD, WARRINGTON, nieliZTa of Cottages and other Property in town or country st,: Y collected and paid over monthly, quarterly, esired. %N. collects in Warrington. Widnes, Runcorn, and Prod- liklan Mondays ; Lymm and district, ou Tuesdays. 'rences and terms on application.

cLARKE, EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, MARK luT-ST., EARLESTOWN. iiiwar—'m selection of PLAIN and FANCY STATIONERY 1'eti„,,371, Stoek, London and Provincial Newspapers, Weekly tam,C,cals, Daily "and Weekly Papers delivered in the vkhl,sonrhood of Earlestown,Wargrave, and the Vulcan. Ittx, e 413NTINES COMIC and FANCY, can be had at the v .

RUPTURES. FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture ; registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 &9. Grosvenor-street, Lon- don-road. Manchester.

fR. J J. BRADY, (Sen. Hon. L.C.NI.) Band Master of Gossage's Prize Baud, is prepared to teach a few young bands for Contests or other purposes.—For Terms apply 112, Oakland-street. Widnes.

ANCI NG AND CALISTHENICS.—MISS CAVANAGH holds her CLAssui at 63, BEWSEY-ST., WARRINGTON. BEGINNERS Oil MONDAY, 7-30 p.m. ADVANCED, on WEDNESDAYS, at 7-55 p.m. CHILDREN'S on SATURDAY, at 2 p.m.—Terms 10s. 6d. per quarter, commencing from date of entrance. FAMILIES ARRANGED WITH. YRIVATE LESSONS in all fashionable roun 1 dances. One guinea per quarter. Three lessons in the Waltz,6s. 6d. SCHOOLS AND FAMILIES ATTENDED.

DANCING.—The Waltz and all Ballroom Dances thoroughly Taught, in class or privately, age imma- terial; private lessons at any hour; ; lasses daily, Pupils are quickly taught. and success is assured. Skirt dancing, lolanthe, the Barn Dance, and all the latest novelties. Schools and families attended.—Prospectus on application. Special Day Classes Tuesdays, 3.15 ; Wednesdays, 2.30. The Manchester Academy of Dancing. Thornleigh, EB, Upver Brook-street, Manchester. Principals : Mr. and Mrs. GEORGE ALEXANDER.

PARK ROAD, NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS. MR. P. FAIRCLOUGII, Organist and Choir- master St. Peter's Church; Member of Trinity College, London, Solicits Pupils for Pianoforte, Organ Singing, Theory, .to. Terms moderate. Pupils prepared for the Trinity College and other Examinations. Pianos carefully Tuned. Terms Moderate.

IVIOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that a General 11 SESSION of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lan- caster will be t olden at the County Sessions House. Isling- ton, in Liverpool, on TUESDAY, the twenty-eighth day of February instant, at eleven o'clock in the forenoon preci. e y. The Solicitors engaged in prosecutions at the said Session are requested to take notice that all instruction. for indict- ments and depositions are required to be sent to the Clerk of the Peace's Office seven days at least before the said Session. F. C. HULTON, Clerk of the Peace. Clerk of the Peace's Office, Preston, 11th Feb., 1893.

RUNCORN, WESTON, AND HALTON WATER WORKS COMPANY. INTOTICE IS lIEREBY GIVEN that the ORDI- NARY HALF-YEARLY MEETING of the Share- holders of this Company will be held in the COMPANY'S OFFICE, in the PUBLIC HALL, RUNCORN, on MONDAY, the Twenty-seventh day of FEBBUIRY, 1893. at Three o'clock in the Afternoon, for the purpose of drclaring a dividend, and to tramact the ordinary business of the Company. Dated this Ninth day of F,bruary, 1893. JOHN BRUNDRIT, Chairman of Directors. WM. F. SALKELD, Secretary.

LANCASHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL. PRELIMINARY ANNOUNCEMENT. SCHOLARSHIPS AND EXHIBITIONS. The Lancashire County Council intends offering tor com- petition during the month of June next, Fourteen Scholar- ships in Science, Four Scholarships in Art, and Six Scholar- ships in Commercial Subjects, each of the value of £6O per year for three years; and Twenty Scholarships in Agricultural and Horticulture, each of the value of £2O per year for three years. Also One Hundred Exhibitions in Science. Twenty-five Ex- hibitions in Art, Twenty-rive Exhibitions in Commercial Su jects. and Twenty-five Exhibitions in Agriculture and Horticulture, each of the value of £lO, tenable for one year at Evening Classes. Full particulars as to subjects and Voce of examination will be published shortly, and may, on publication, be obtained from the Town Clerks, Clerks to Local Boards, , Secretaries of the various Technical Schools, and Science and Art Classes throughout the Administrative County, or from the Director of Technical Instruction, County Offices, , Preston. I J. A. BENNION, Director of Technical Instruction for the County Palatine of Lancaster. County Offices, Preston, Feb. 2nd, 1893.

• FINANCIAL STATEMENT. Statement of Reoelpts and Expenditure of the Runcorn Improvement Commisdoners f92or the year ended 25th March, 18. • E s. d. E 1. d. To Balance in Treasurer's hands 26th March, 1891 : • General Fund 4153 2 2 Loan Account Sinking Fund 487 0 0 District Fund 8 12 2 Library Account -- 2386 14 6 Less Overdraft 2141 10 10 In hands of other Officers -- 2293 19 RECEIPTS OTHER THAN FROM LOANS. General District Rate 5245 8 7 Library Rate Market Rents and Tolls ".rnts.

Market Cottages—Rt . s County Council Grant in aid of Salary of Inspector of Nuisances County Council Grant in aid of Tech- nical Instruction Rents of Property 124 19 11 Slaughter Houses 3B 2 11 Hospital Fire Brigade Public Library Penalties ' 2 16 0 Night Soil Sales lB7 10 7 Canal Boat Fees H. M. Treasurer—ln Lieu of Rates 33 4 Sale of Materials Bank Interest J. C. Orred ' Miscellaneous Receipts Private Improvements 571 18 8 Total Receipts other than from Loans ------ 7595 1 1 RECEIPTS FROM LOANS- -800 0 Yorkshire Peuny Bank 210689 0 6 EXPENDITURE OTHER THAN FROM LOANS. 2 a. d. 2 s. d. Sewerage Works Street Improvements 3O 0 ' Highway Repairs Public Lighting Markets Slaughter Houses 3O 7 11 Public Library Hospital Fire Brigade Public Offices 159 3 9 Street Watering B4 13 7 Street Cleansing Disinfecting Night Soil Removal ll 6 14 4 Public Clock Halton Road Depot 45 7 11 Election Expenses Legal Expenses 6 4 3 Salaries BlO 0 0 Canal Boats Registration and Inspec- tion Technical Instruct ion 356 4 11 Bankers' Commission lO 5 5 Establishment Charges In respect of Loans—Princloal repaid 177 1 8 „ —lnterest 471 14 1 If Waterloo Bridge—Ground Rent Private Improvement Works Sundries Total Expenditure other than out of Loans --, 7286 18 5 .EXPENDITURE OCT Ilar LOANS— Sewerage Works Waterloo Bridge Improvement Vic oria Road 1167 17 8 1831 0 11 Balances in hand 236 h March, 1892, General Fund Loan Account Sinking Fund 747 0 0 . District Fund 2Ol 2 0 Library Account Technical Instruction 6O 18 7 . --- 1633 5 11 Less Night Soil Plant Suspense Account 1388 2 3 In hands of other Officers lB2 12 11 —157015 2 ----- £10689 0 6 ---- The accounts of whieb the foregoing is an abstract were ex- amined and certified by Alfred W. Dolby, Esq„ Assistant District Auditor, on 28th January, 1893, Rateable Value according to Poor Rate Assessable Value of the District according to the General District Rate £47.963 Loan Account 25th March, 1892, Amount of Principal still owing E. MARSHALL, Secretary. Town Hall, Runcorn, February 6th, 1893.

IN PARLIAMENT. SESSION, 1893. • RUNCORN WATER BILL. PRSUANT to a requisition in writing of 25 owners of property and ratepayers in the Distriat of the Runcorn Improvement Commissioners, I do HEREBY GIVE NOTICE that a PUBLIC MEETING of the owners and ratepayers of the District of the Runcorn Improvement Commissioners will be held, pursuant to the provisions of an Act of the 35th and 36th Victoria cap. 91. entituled " An Act " to Authorise the application of funds of Municipal Corpora- tions and other governing bodies in certain eases "at BETHESDA LECTURE HALL, VICA R-STREET, RUNCORN On THURSDAY the 162 n day of FEBRUARY, 1893, At seven o'clock in the evening. For the purpose of considering certain resolutions passed by the said Improvement Commissioners on the 28th day of November. 1892, and if thought desirable, of passing a resolu- tion confirming the said resolutions of the said Improvement Commissioners, and authorising them to take such steps as they shall deem necessary for promoting a Bill in the ensu- ing Session of Parliament intituled " A Bill to authorise the Runcorn Improvement Commissioners to acquire the under- taking of the Runcorn, Weston, and Halton Waterworks Company, and to confer further powers on the Commis- sioners." Dated this 8 h day of February, 1893. Town Hall, Runcorn. FRANCIS WISWALL, Chairman. Runcorn Improvement Commissioners.

BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. THE PRIVATE STREET WORKS ACT, 1892. Passage betweea Rolleston Street, and Allen Street. „ Nos. 46 to 80 Allen Street, and Nos. 38 to 68 Bewsey Street. „ behind Nos. 16 to 34 Allen Street, and between Nos. 12 and 16 Allen Street. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the Town Council of the Borough of Warrington, acting as the Urban Authority., have resolved that each of the above streets shall be levelled, paved, metalled, flagged, channelled, and made good, in pursuance of Section 6 of the above Act, and have further resolved that the sPpcification, plan and section, estimate, and provisional apportionment, prepared by the , Borough Surveyor, in repent of each such street, be approved. The said specifications, plans and sections estimates, and provisional apportionments, or duly certified copies thereof, will be deposited during one month from the 11th day of February, 1893, at the offices of the Borough Surveyor at the Town Hall, and will be open to inspection et all reasonable times. All information may be obtab,ed from end inspection given by the Borough Surveyor at bl, cffices aforesaid, or by the undersigned. Dated this 11th day of February, 1893. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk, and Clerk to the said Urban Authority.

WARM FEET By using our HECLA BED-AIREES & FOOT-WARMERS, Complete, with natural-wool covering. Recommended by the LANCET. Price in Strong Copper, 5s 6d. Tinned Steel, 3s. Free per parcel post on receipt of Postal order. Try our MACKENZIE BRONCHITIS KETTLE, 43. Free per post. W. SHIRLEY AND CO., 117, Lord-street. Wolverhampton.

rpuE SIGN OF 4," 1 followed by 3, is the number of HEMBREY'S LINOLEUM WARM-IC:ME in CROSS-STREET, where you can buy the best and most perfect designs in Linoleum thoroughly matured and ieady for laying from is. 4d. per square yard upwards ; Linoleum, Cortimne Cork Carpet Pugs, Brussels and Tapestry Carpets and Squares, Mats, Matting, Austrian Bentwood Chairs. Tables, &c. The Largest Stock and Best Selection in the Provinces. HEMBRY & CO., • 43. CROSS-STREET (Albert-square). MANCHESTER.

SOUTH LANCASDIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office : 168, ISLINGTON-SQUARE, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable 6s Weekly, Entire Charge £1 Is. 3d. £5O, „ 20s. „ PP £3 9s. Od. £lOO, „ 40s. „ £6 16s, Od. ALEX. GORDON. Manager.

SUN INSURANCE OFFICE, (FIRE.) FOUNDED 1710. Sum INSURED IN 1891.—£373,700,000. For all partisulers apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Mr. J. R. Pickmere & Son, Bridge-st. Mr. Edward W. Woods, Commercial Chambers, 55, Horsemarket-street. Ildr. Lewis Veisey, King Street. Mr. R. Lowe, Market Gate Chambers

ACCIDENTS WILL HAPPEN. TUB RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO., (" The old,st and largest.') Has since 1849 pali for ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS £3,200,000. Established 1849. Rt. Hon. EVELYN ASHLEY, Chairmaa 64, Cornhill, London. W. D. MASSY, } secretaries A. VIAN, AGENTS Warrington Mr. HOLMES, Market Gate. Mr. W. H. RIGSBY, Central Station St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street. Knutsford Mr. ALFRED B. CUTTER. Sandbach Mr. R. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge.

WARRINGTON CONCENTRATED MANURE. —Agent: Mr. JOSEPH TAYLOR, Lion Hotel, Warrington, who will attend the Warrington, Nortlawich, Chester, and Knutsford MrKets. AU orders promptly exe- cuted. Analysis and testimonials on application.

WARRINGTON CORPORATION. CONCENTRATED MANCH& PIFTBIINTH SBASON. Agent for 211 England 512. WILLIAM HOUGHTON, PADDINGTON, WARRINGTON.

IMPORTANT TO FARMERS THE MANCHESTER CORPORATION CONCENTRATED MANURE, MADE FROM BLOOD, BONES, FISH, AND DRIED ANIMAL MATTBR, ETC.. From the city slaughter-houses, markets, etc., Contains from 31 to 4 per cent. AMMONIA and St to 10 per cent. BONE PHOSPHATES. Analysis Guaranteed. R 3 PER T ONea. rirgleiopearg the 4tnner.orteßst Railway Station, , within 10 miles. Supply strictly limited. For Samples, Testimonials, !cc., apply to WHILEY, SUPERINTENDENT, CLEANSING DEPARTMENT, TOWN HALL, MANOMESTER ; OR TO. MR. BOLD ALDRED, STAMFORD-ROAD, ALTRINCHAM.

( MORRIS'S TOW & HONEY. The only Cure for Colds, Coughs, Bronchitis, ac. FACTS. MORRIS'S TIC-CURA PILLS. The only Cure for Neuralgia, Tic, and IToothache. , Mourns, Chemist, Alexandra-road, Moa- k cluster, and all Dealers.

THE HUMAN HAIR. IF YOUR HAIR IS FALLING OFF. Consult S. TAYLOR, or Use Hie Renowned Preparations. CANTHARIDES EXTRACT and POMADE, which are CERTAIN RESTORERS of the HAIR. --- TAYLOR'S SEDATIVE AND NUTRITIVE CREAM is Infallible for perfectly Relieving the Skin from Irritation and Freeing the Hair from Scurf. Prepared only by S. TAYLOR, HAIRDRESSER AND PERFUMER, 26 AND 28, KING-STREET. MANCHESTER.

T HOMAS FRAIN begs to intimate that he has 1 taken into partnership Mr. WILLIAM GROVE, and that his business will in future be sarried on under the name of FRAIN AND GROVE, RENTand DEBT COLLECTORS, House, Estate, and General Commission Agents, 12, EDGEWORTH STREET, WARRINGTON. RENTS AND ACCOUNTS regularly collected in town or country.—DEßTS PURCHASED. References and Terms on application. Communications promptly attended to.

w HITE STAR LINE, ROYAL MAIL STBAMBRS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK, via Queenstown, every West BRITANNIC... Wed.. Feb. 15 I .TBUTONIC...Wed.. Feb. 22 Second Cabin will be carried on the voyage marked thus" Steerage passengers will now be carried by Special Arrangement The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform in model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply JOSEPH SMITH, 61, Legh-at., War- rington, or to Lastly, Imam, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street. [London. 8.0.. and 10, Water-street. Liverpool.

TEETH. ' TEETH. TEETH. - TEETH. PARKINSON'S TEETH, are, at the price, UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The public TEETH. may rest assured that these statements are based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, and perhaps TEETH, tishe silett guarantee of this to intending patients J. H. PARKINSON has one of the Largest Dental Practices in England, the out- T EETH. come of employing the BEST LABOUR, using the BEST MATERIALS obtainable, and eharg. TEEM fag the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. Any set made, or work done by him, and TEETII . not giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION in Every Detail will be immediately corrected, or TEETn. an HNTIRE NEW SET made FREE OF CHARGE. rEETH. MoTnh conditionseasnadreeo Til ni e ni dn as rui roan .t he exemplifiedpublic's sets having been inserted for patientsadtbulysrfina2°gi TEETH. one year only, directly and indirectly through the voluntary persuasion and recommendatbn TEETH. of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any or all of these patients' names and addresses, for refe- TEETH. rence, will be given to any would-be patient personally applying for them. These, with TEETti. ..., thousands in the past, each recommending . their friends, speak volumes for Mr. Parkin- son's success. TEETH. His unusually Large Dental Establishment. adapted for the COMFORT of Patients, MUST TEETH. NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCOME FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily from 9 to 12 , TEETH. and 2to 6. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION, as hitherto, by the aid of his own made TEETH. LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which he now liquefies for sale to dentists nearly 10,000 gal- lons weekly. Patients, lave, therefore, in this . speciality also the benefit of his experience. TEETH. CLOSED ALL MY ON FRIDAYS. - J. H. PARKINSON, TEETH. Dentist by Examination, 46, MOSLEY-STREET, MANCHESTER, WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, at Miss Charles's. Ladles' Outfitter, Sankey-street, from 2 to 5 p.m. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes, (late Miss Parson's), Confectioner, Bridge-street. from 2 to 6. NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS. at Miss Gibson's, 2. Castle- Street. from Or 11 to b. .410

j RIT,C fl L E Y, THE NOTED TAILOR, FIRST QUALITY IN LABOUR FIT AND STYLE. SPECIALITIES. COVERT COATS, 40s. SUITS, 505.. TROUSERS 16s. DRESS SUITS 70s. J. C. having a largc stock of late season goods, is offering same at greatly reduced prices. ' 6 BOLD STREET. WARRINGTON.

- THE EMPIRE .. TEA CO's NOTED 'TEAS / 9/ 6. ir, PHIL AT 2,-, ..,2, 2,14, 2,/6, 8, 4/6 LB. WE GIVE ONE CHEQUE, OR VALUE 3D. WITH EACH QUARTER-POUND TEA. Purchasers or Cheque Holders have a costly and varied Stock of useful and ornamental Articles to choose from. • Sheets, Tablecic the, Towels, &e. p,. 4 Kitchen and Parlour Rugs, M E.; Door mats all sorts. 0 1-3 ti "" Z Floor and Table Oilcloths, Z Z 0 Ironware in great valiety, nt v:1 cn o al Baskets. Brushes, 3m., 0 co 11,1 Cutlery all sorts, . • o China, and Earthenware. 134 X Toilet Sets, Trinket Sets, C " 0 cn a 0 Lamps a large assortment, 2 al Glassware all sorts Z Vases and other ornaments in great variety. Culinary articles too varied to enumerate. THE EMPIRE TEA COMPANY, • 16, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

BLAIR'S GOUT. RHEUMATISM, C LUMBAGO. NEURALGIA. .11. voNr.- The SCIATICA. -WAY' MUTE PAIN OD Gis quickly relieved. ONIT and cured in a few days by these celebrated Pills, well known as the Great Remedy for the above complaints. Sure. Safe, and •Bffectual BOLD BY ALL CHEIIIBTS at is. lid., and 2s. 9d. per box. PILLS.

WILLIAMS AND CO. CASH TAILORS, ROYAL EXCHANGE CORNER, ST. ANNE'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER, 1 DURING THIS MONTH ONLY will sell all OVERCOAT-1 INGS at a prim to clear : THE 355. OVERCOATS will be sold at 305. And better qualities at the same reduction. THE 50S. SUIT, All Tweed, will be cleared at the above price, many are Worth Tbs. 13S. TROUSERS 13s. All Remnants will be used at this price, 1 Many are worth 21s. SEE OUR WINDOWS THIS WEEK.

S. ALLSOPP & SON'S MILD AND BrrrEa ALES And D'AIWIT A SON'S OBLBDRATED DUBLIN STOUT in 9, 18, and 88 Gallon Cloaks, or BottUm. Ao,icor • PETER LEIGH, HORSRMARKET STREET. WARRINGTuN.

EVANS' IMMENSE AND POPULAR SALE OF THE SEASON IS NOW BEING HELD. SWEEPING REDUCTIONS. ALARMING SACRIFICES, AND GREATEST BARGAINS EVER OFFERED. EVANS SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

eT AS. M. G REENHALGH, CABINET MAKER AND UPHOLSTERER. SHOWROOM: 48, SANKEY-STREET. WORKSHOP: KING-STREET. WARRINGTON.

WORTHINGTON'S BURTON ALES AND STOUTS. FINDLATER'S DUBLIN INVALID AND OTHER STOUTS. GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT IN CASK OR BOTTLE. FINDLATER'S STOUTS may now be had in 41. gallon casks. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS in bottles only. J. M. BEACON. BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER, 14, ST. JAMES-ST.. WARRINGTON.

MENS' AND BOYS' SHIRTS, CARDIGAN JACKETS. WOOL AND MERINO UNDER SHIRTS, PANTS, DRAWERS, HOSIERY. &c. THE LARGEST ASSORTMENT AND BEST VALUE IN WARRINGTON. SEE WINDOWS AND OUTSIDE SHOW. J. SUTTON, 18. MARKET-ST.. WARRINGTON.

TUCK AND CO., Limited. INDIA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. Guaranteed quality. Lace. Thread, or Copper Sewn, or CEMENTED ONLY. , BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street, Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Blanchester. Londen, Cardiff, Newport, and Dublin, LEATHER WORKS, LIVERPOOL.

NOTICE TO MASONS, BUILDERS, AND RAIL, WAY COATRACTORS. EDDISBUBY RED AND ItIA.NLEY WHITE STONE loaded in trucks at DELAMERE AND MANLEY STATIONS. 5,000 TONS IN STOCK, suitable for RAILWAY BRIDGES AND OTHER PURPOSES REQUIRING STRENGTH. For particulars apply to ISAAC JOHNSON AND SON, HAREWOOD HILL, KELSALL, near CHEST RR.

LORD BROTHERS, MANTLE MAIN UFACTURERS ARE NOW OFFERING SPLENDID VALUE IN FUR EDGE CLOAKS TJLSTERS AND CAPES, AT HALF PRICE. LORD BROTHERS, 128, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

HALL'S MY HATTER. THE CELEBRATED W. W. OR WEAR WELL MAKE OF HATS. MADE FROM PURE NATURAL FUR AND PURE LAMBS' WOOL, ELASTIC AND UNBREAKABLE. DURABLE. COMFORTABLE AND EASY FITT- ING AND PERFECTLY VENTILATED. FROM 2/6 TO 6/6 Made by TRADES' UNION vrorkpeople in a British Factory. To be obtained only from THE NOTED HAT SHOP. 1, MARKET GATE. WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED OVER 30 YEARS. NEW FAR)! SEEDS FOR 1893. R. CATTERALL, SEED MERCHANT, KIRKHAM AND ORMSKIRK, Has now in stock over Two Hundred Tons of CLOVER AND RYEGRASS SEEDS, The Best the World can produce. Prices Moderate. Farmers who want PURE SEEDS and GOOD CLOVER ROOTS will do well to order with Mr. Catterall or his under-mentioned Agents— Mr. D. NUTTALL, Mr. T. P. TAYLOR (Preston Brook), or Mr. JOHN SOUTHERN (Croft), who attend Warrington Market every Wednesday ; otherwise post their orders direct to Kirkham.

DON'T WASTE MONEY! By Purchasing unnecessary large packets of Seeds when a smaller quantity will suffice, BIDDLES AND co., The PENNY PACKET SEED COMPANY, LOUGHBOROUGH, LEICESTERSHIRE, Claim to supply Seeds on the most economical system in the World, and thereby defy competition. 3,000 VARIETIES 3,000 Of Vegetable and Flower Seeds are supplied by us in ONE PENNY packets, and every one of the very best quality in conveniently small quantities. PRESS OPINIONS. "We cannot but think that a very desirable scheme" (our Penny Packet system) "is here propounded."—" Peter- borough Standard." " An experience of several years justifies the pronouncing of the quality of sleds as equal to that contained in larger end more costly packets." —" Newcastle Chronicle." 'The firm has a high reputatiou and standing, and we com- mend them to the notice of amateur gardeners and others who desire to make their gardens look bright during the com- ing season in a very economical and effective manner."— Horticultural Times." LIST OF VEGETABLE AND FLOWER SEEDS SENT GRATIS AND POST FREE. Our COMPLETE ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE, contain- ing Lists of Vegetables and Flower Seeds, Bulbs, Roses, Hardy Plants, &a., with descriptions and cultural directions, and 500 Illustrations, the whole forming a complete Garden Guide, price One Shilling, post free.

THERE IS NO PLACE LIKE HOME. And nothing in it looks more comfortable than a BRIGHT and CLEAN FIRESIDE. NO MORE BLACKLEADING REQUIRED. YOUR GRATES CLEANED IN FIVE MINUTES. USE LAWSON'S BLACK. Sold in Tins at 20., 40., Sid. each. Full directions for use on each tin. All you require to use it with is LAWSON'S PATENT BRUSH AND HOLDER. Price 60. One Brush will last a lifetime. The end of the Holder being attached to the Brush forms a Shield to prevent the lingers being soiled with the black. LAWSON'S BLACK is a pleasure to use. No Brushing. No Dirt. Your Grates and Fenders will always look equal to new. Will not burn off or blister only where the bars get red hot. SOLE MANUFACTURER FOR PATENTEE Ad. H. LAWSON, BOOTLE, LIVERPOOL. A large size Tin, with Brush and Holder complete, free per Parcel Poet for is. 4d. in stamps or postal order. Copy of unsolicited Testimonial, selected out of a number received. Hawthorne Villa, Linthorpe, Middleshro'. Oct. 29, 1892. Mr- AL M. Lawson, Liverpool. DEAR SIR,—I have used some ot the " Lawson's Black" on my drawing and dining room She grates, which my husband brought me to try, with the object of saving the servants the tedious work of blackleading, and I think it only right to comply with his desire to inform you that the trial has been most satisfactory in every respect; not only is the saving in time reduced more than three-fourths, and the appearance of the grates much improved as compared to blaoklead, but the brush and holder you heve introduced en- ables those who use it to do so without in any way blacking or soiling their hands. I may also add that So far the appear- ance has not been affected by the heat of the fires.—Yours respectfully. JENNIE DOVE. Ask your Teaman, Grocer, or Chandler for it, And See that You Get it.

MARTINDALE'S WELL-KNOWN BLACKING. (LIQUID AND PASTE). ALSO "SANDRINGHAM" WATERPROOF JET LUSTRE AND KID CREAM FOR LADIES' BOOTS. HARNESS COMPOSITION. (TEE CELEBRATED HOR SE SHOE BRAND). FURNITURE POLISH &c., ALL OF THE BEST QUALITY. 17. HANOVER-ST., LIVERPOOL.

HOOFING COUGH The celebrated effectua I_IOOPING COUGH cure without internal medicine. FrOPING COUGH OF all Chemists price HOOPING COUGH 48. per bottle. Sole Wholesale Agents: W. EDW.LADS & SON, BRONCHITIS It 7. Queen Victoria Street, London. CROUP

Tbe the )sc, of

its the ; of rod for

AltiSEß't "SAFE" CURE • TOR ALL IDNEy AND LIVER TROUBLE IRNER'S "SAFE" CURE FOR ItitRAL DEBILITY AND BRIGHT'S DISEASE. n DpLy SANDS 0 F TESTIMONIALS raing its merits are on file and may be examined. Nlietn,t7_are unimpeachable, Sold by all Cnemists and j, vendors. Pamphlet mailed free on application to & Co., Ltd„ 86, Clernkenwell-road, London.

... APPOINTED BY ... ,•fr,..N.,!.7.tat, 3 '''. '."-A ..5,-7,c.4. SPECIAL ROYAL WARRANT . ' • t" -: ;'.. -t?.-Itig- . . -. -'.. r :'" :4 3.0:: " ' \ 4-0/ • " Ire - )1•3"IN ' ts'. -." r:;--.... • 1 • . • i 3 .3- - 1 ()1 '• (\ ty \I ! _ ____..-•'."" i( i . \ll., ti r,-,--,,-:i..7-----,,, - 1 , . ft r---- ',/p/ . • z:vj.,,,',;{..... ....,...„-z... \.l - r 7 1 .--- . . .g- -.4: ,' ''..• 1, .1,,, 0,, , ,,:,..i.j.... 4141111i1W , 7.-P.: "0, 4- \, ''\,! ..,... l'i ea, IF '1 I.( , ) , r ._,_..........._ ~ ..„ ~01.(111' • ~Alitir. ,:„ :„,.... . ....._ c: 0., . . , ...... )41_i ~,( lil i 114 k.,

SOAP MAKERS TO HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN.

Obutation. QUNNT BANK LADIES' COLLEGE, WILMSLOW, CHESHIRE. —High Class School. Principal Ntrs.LOBEN- HOFFER nee Somerville). Particulars on application.

ItiEISS LEILA BAIRSTOW, L.C.M., resumes IVJL lessons January 17th, in singing (English and Italian.) V( ice production and breathing. (specialite),—Terms apply 10. Bold-st. Warrington.

T ADIES' SCHOOL,MELCHET HOUSE, LYTHAM. —lnclusive terms. special for cl.-rgv, references to arents. vacancy for article4l pupil.—Principals, the Misses HALKET (Miss. S. Halket,L.L.A.)

ROCK HOUSE, Hathersage. near Sheffield, Derby- shire,Catholie Preparstory School for young Gentlemen. The Misses FARRELL receive youno gentlemen from 5 to 12 years of age, vacancies after Christmas holidays. Terms on application.

QT. GEORGE'S SCHOOL, (Catholic), Brampton, Li Huntingdon, (lb hours from King's Cross). A thoroughly Professional or Commercial Education provided at a moderate pension.—Address The PRINCIPAL.-N.B. The next term begins on January 17th, 1893.

WANTED to increase connection of Girls' Boarding School in the neighbounhood of Liverpool. LARGE HOL SE, very well situated. INCLUSIVE TERMS.—English and accomplishments, 30 to 40 guineas. ADDRESS M., Examiner Office, Warrington..

rrHE MARLING ENDOWED SCHOOL, STROUD. Chairman of Governors : Sir W. H. Marllyng. Bart. Cchoel Fees. £-3 a Term; Boarding Fees,, onl3 IP-30 per Annum. Boys admitted at any period at Prot ortionate Fees. For particulars apply.—W. J. GREENSTREET, M.A., Head- master.

PREPARATORY BOARDING SCHOOL FOR YOUNG GENTLEMEN, WEST ROYD, FORMBY, NEAR LIVERPOOL. Under the Patronage df HIS LORDSHIP THE BISHOP OF LIVERPOOL, AND THE RIGHT REV. MGR. CARR, Y.G. This school offers special advantages to young and delicate boys, being near the sea, and situated tin the healthiest part of Lancashire. Home comforts and individual attention. Pupils prepared fer different examinations. References to many a the clergy and parents of present and former pupils. Conducted by Certificated Mistresses. For terms. Lc., apply to Miss Gogyono, as above.

WINTER IN SOUTH DEVON.—RALEIGH HOTEL, DARTMOUTH; overlooking delightful water, and good scenery ; terms, inclusive, 355. per week. Also Fairfax Temperance Hotel; terms from 17s. 6d. per week.

SOUTHPORT, SUNNYSIDE HYDRO, Promenade extension. Physician, Dr. Bernardo. A summer and winter residence, combining all the comforts of a pleasant home. Sea view. parks, pier, and trams near. New Turkish and other baths, billiards, and tennis. Terms moderate.—l. BOOCOCK, proprietor.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40, LUDGATE HILL. HOME COMFORTS. CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. Central for business or pleasure.

110 MB WORK per post-constant, to help finishers; plain simple materials, ready set, alphabetically, enclose reply envelope to YE KNICK-KNACK CO., Burslem. Ladies L.X., Gentlemen G.X. Department.

r I HE British Workman's and General Assurance Co.. Ltd., I have VACANCIES for reliable AGENTS at Lymm, Irlam, Widnes, Ruacorn, Earlestown, and Warrington.— Salary t< rms. Interest in Books. No debit system.—Uniou Bank Chambers, Warrington.

IRONEHS.-WANTED Two or Three Good Quick Ones, in a First-class Steam Landry. Comfortable work rooms. reasonable hours and good pay. Fare paid to likely appli- cants.—Apply by lett,r to JWINTON and DISTRICT STEAM LAUNDRY Co., Swinton, near Manchester.

T EFT OFF CLOTHES bought, best price for parcels for- _LA warded, if not approved, goods returned.---JamEs Gott- max. New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326, 628, and 346, Deansgate, Manchester,

SECOND-lIAND DRESS SUITS, Military, Theatrical,Eand Uniforms for sale or hire.—.T.AMES GORMAN, New and Seccnd-hand Clothes Dealer, 326, 328, and 346, Deansgate, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits perfectly new at a third cost price.

AGENTS WANTED to represent a Firm established since 1883. A genuine, permanent, and very remunera- tive Agency, to which no outlay es expense is attached, and which can easily be worked, by EITHER SEX, in spare time. We have Agents of 8 years' standing, who have earned as much as £2 A WEEK, whose testimonials will be sent. Write name and full address on a post-card to A. M. RICHARDSOIt, 47, Basinghall Street, London, E.G., when full particulars will be forwarded post free.

MEMORIAL CARDS, Circulars, Billheads, Memoran- dums, Tickets, Handbills, Window Bills, Posters, and printing of all kisids, executed with neatness and despatch by JOHN S. GREEN, the Borough Pres 34, Bridge-street, Warrinston.

riIIVO VACANCIES in Scientific Dressmakers' College.- 1. Here young ladies are thoroughly taught either dress- making or the French millinery business. In eight weeks girls are quite competent to earn their own living, and are then placed in good situations. Young people are sent from all parts of England, Ireland, and Scotland to be trained at this college, where proficiency is guaranteed in the eight weeks. Many dressmakers in the old style come here to learn this splendid new Cif ntific system. No dress requires to be fitted on. The charges at this college are extremely moderate, to suit the times. The ages of students vary from 14 to 45. References given to late pupils doing well in life. References required with each stiv.ent. Home comforts, and every ca. e is taken of young people placed at this college by their parents to he taught. --Write for prospectus to Madame DRAKE, Norwich.

fßiontp. 215 to £l.OOO ; interest £6 16s. per 101. Prospectus flee. South Lancashire Company, 27,Bnizennose-et., Manchester.

£75000 At from 4 per cent.. Trust and other Moneys, to be advanced on Mortgage in sums to suit borrowers, in any part of the country.—J. W. UEADER, 5, Cook-street. Liverpool.

ltj OPIEY LENT from £5 to £2OO, to Farmers, Trades- .ls.l. 'people, reepectable Householders, assd responsib e Persons la general, withoet bonds ; strictest privacy main- tained in all cases ; established IS years ; call or write.—W. SUGDFSC, 33. Hlgh-st., Sheffield.

A LADY HAVING CASH at her dispos-I, is open to make 1-1 Temporary Cash Advances ef £3 and upwards. in con- fidence, to respectable housel olders, who with to avoid the usual unpleasantmss and routine of a loan office; no sureties are asked for, and habitual borrowers need not apply.— Apply,personally, or by letter. Mrs. MOREWOOD, 94, Widnes- road, IV.dnes.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANUED. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO upwards oa BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now being lent annually. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy-st., Manchester. ESTABLISHED 1870.

- ONEY I MONEY MONEY No bondsmen required .I.ll_ Money advanced on day of application irons £3 to £5OO to householders, shopkeepers, clerks, farmers, and others. Interest low, repayments easy. No genuine application re- fused. Distance no object. Apply personally (preferred) or by letter to IMPERIAL LOAN, 60, NEW CROSS-STREET, ST. HELENS, (Private House) AND AT 7, LACEY-STREET. WIDNES (Private House.)

k_TEORGE JACKSON, PAWNBROKER, JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH, 69, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY, marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING, CHINA, GLASS, GUNS, and MUSICAL IN- STRUMENTS of a very Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOOD'S FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

E XCEEDINGLY handsome TOILET SET. complete, richly decorated Payments taken with Tea Roses, hand painted, worth 10s 9D one guinea, take

I A D Y'S splendid solid gold WATCH, just forfeited, in first Payments taken class order, cost two years ago seventy shillings, warranted for three years, 21 s will sacrifice for

VBRY pretty and fashionable wal- nut centre oval TABLE, beauti- Payments taken fully inlaid in various woods, support- ed by four handsomely turned legs, g well worth thirty shillings, only 1 lISIJD

FORFEITED under special contrAct one of Benson's famous "Ludgate" Payments takea English silver love r WATCHES, new +twelve months ago, will give written £2 19 6D guarantee for seven years, only S _

TIONFNITED Walnut WHAT-NOT 12 and lock up Cabinet combined, Payments taken very stylish piece of furniture, good 188 9D condition, will take

SQiLENDID wollen FLOCK BRDS Bolster, and two Pillows in first Payments taken class Linen Tick, total weight Ml's, 8S 1113 only

LADY having ItRiiit.A.NTS, forwards 2) pieces of plush, satin, velvet, is. 2d.; 40. 2s. 2d. ; 3uo crazy pieces, 2s. 61. Real lace square, Is.—Mrs. G2tAILLM, liarnsgate-road, Margate.

CiIIARACTER horn Handwriting I—All desiring a faithful kj delineation of their character should send specimen with is. Id. to Professor CARONA, 312, Vauxhall Bridge road, Westminster, London.

SCOTCH WHlSKEY.—Parties desiring really good Whiskey should send P.O. for 20s. for six bottles, car- riage paid to any part of England. —McJEfutow and Co., Lockerbie. N.B. Established 1h25.

ON SALE.—Three patient wood BE HIVES, 38s. each; warranted strong and healthy ; plenty hk ney to last a year ; approval anywhere ; over-stocked, or exchanged for pigs.—H. BYGRAVE, Heck Saaith, Yorkshire.

TORN LOWE, Fire and Thief -proot SAFE MAKER, has ON Itl SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap; 100 to choose from. —3B. Albert-street. King-street West. Manchester.

I ANUFACTURBR'S REMNANTS in Stuffs. Cashmeres, Prints, Calicoes, Cretonnes. Flannels. Shirtings, and Woollen Clothes, 10 lb. bundles cheap; price list free.—W. CLARKSON, Merchant, 41, Swaine-st., Bradford.

OLD. Laneasters' celebrated photograph's 80,000SCameras, Ac.. for Amateurs or Profes- sionals. MANCHESIER AGENCY is at 71. Oxford-st. (All Sainte). Lists tree. Second hand cameras bought or ex- changed.

DIRECT FROM THE MANUFACTURER.—On receipt of postcard I will send samples (which need not be returned) of my famous Beatrice Tweeds; 7 yards double width for 10s.; worth nearly double the money; over 5,000 sold during last season.—A. bz.)noa, 65, Princeville-st., Bradford.

BILLIARDS ! BAGATELLE I—All those teciniring new or second-hand Tables, Requisites. or Billiard Work done, should, before going elsewhere, send for HENNIG BROS, New Price List, cloth and cushion sarnples.—Address 29, W.C.London. Bat. 1862.

DULL TRADE. Looms standing. 5,00 C yards beautiful Blue Serge will be cut into 3f yard lengths, and sold for 3s. 6d. each. Sufficient for Gent's Full Suit, being 56 inches wide. Send stamped envelope for pattern of clOth.— POLLOCK and Co., ifi, Park-lane, Leeds.

IIOIJND DlCAD.—Thousands have been killed with Sanford's Poison. Hundieds of farmers that have used it say it is tie best poison known as they find a lot f rats dead by using it. Post tree Is. 2d., 25., 3s box, of SANFORD and SON, Sandy, Beds. Send stamp and try It. Sold by chemists.

JJETACHED FREEHOLD VILLA 'RESIDENCE, Banks Severn, beautiful views. fishing, boating. Station town ,t mile ; two good entertaining rooms ; tour good bedrooms ; dressing-room, bathroom, w. o.'s, two kitchens, cellar. etc. Outbuilding, Tennis-lawn, Orchard, Garden. one acre. Perfect order. Possession.—MAWD9LEY, Camden Lodge, Bridgnorth, Shropshire.

A WONDERFUL INVENTION.--The Phoenix Fuel Econmiser is as its name implies the most useful and valuable invention that has ever been brought beforethe public, inasmuch as neither wood or paper is required to light a fire, and kettle boiled or breakfast cooked without coal or gas. It is invaluable to worktnf n and travellers where a tire is net available. Can be carried lathe pocket with safety and brought into instantaneous use. Sent car- riage paid on receipt postal order Is, (name paper), Agents wanted—From the FRCENIX FUEL ECONOMISER Co., 2 Inner Ten pie. Liverpool.

A WARDED FIRST PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide 11 Jubilee Exhibition, 1887, and Sydney Centenary Exhibition. 1888. —TO PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. Cheapest House in London for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings 1 —all the newest eiesigns. Two million feet always in Stock. Veneered and fancy wood mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every description, oleographs,&c. Further reduction in prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipping orderP. Full particulars in pattern book and catalogue (85 pages 4to demy revised for 1891) for 3d. stamps.—H. MORELL, 17 and 18. Great St. Andrew-st., Bloomsbury, London. Telegraphic address "Rabbitry," London. Stock lists and prices of glass monthly. free.

PUBLIC NOTICE. GREAT REDUCTIONS in prices of FURNITURE, BEDSTEADS. BEDDING, CARPETS, LINOLEUMS, and other Goods too numerous to mention. UNTIL END OF FEBRUARY. 28. TO SS. IN THE £ ALLOWED on all ORDERS for Cash, and for some goods no reasonable offer will be refused, room being required to display any enormous Stock of artistic and most modern furniture to greater advantage. I feel I cannot too strongly advise my friends and customers and the public gener- ally who may be wanting furniture, &c., to take advantage of this great and genuine reduction. My customers and all who have inspected my stock will remember that all my geode are marked in plain figures from which, for cash only, will the discounts Le allowed. Finally I shall do all possible for the benefit of my customers, and hope, by so doing, to re.eive that patronage which integrity should merit. R. W. MARSH, THE TEMPLE OF ARTS. FURNITURE WAREHOUSE, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED 1864.

fitarinntrn, szt., on 'alt. -IRON FENCING, SHEEP and CATTLE HURDLES. Don't be mislead by special advertised offers, but before buying write for our Illustrated Catalogue, free on applica- tion. - Baymss JONES & B•TLISS, Iron Fencing manufac- turers, Wolverhamptoa. London Office and Showrooms, 139 & 141, Cannon Street. London.

A 8-EOISE PORTABLE ENGINE for sale or hire,and all kinds of machinery for salc—J•nn BONNELL, Longford- street, Warrington.

MTANTED, BUYIIRS OF MACI-lINERY, lingineers' Tools, Boilers, Iron and Steel Joists. Girders, Bce., to inspect Stock at Albion Ironworks, Saville-street, Sheffield, or send for Machinery and Girder List, addressed MANAPER.

SAW BENCH. with drag motion and saws, £l6; Saw Bench and Band 6aw Frame combined, £l2 ; General Joiner, with saws and block, by Robinson, £l5 ; Thickne,sing Machine, 18in. cutter block, £2O.—GREEZIWOOD'B, 39, Nuttall- st., Rochdale.

LCRRICATING OILS.—" Reliance" Colliery Oil. Is. per gallon; Machinery Oil, is.; Extra Machinery Oil, 18.4 d.; Engine Oil, Is. 9d. ; Marine Engine Oil, 2s. ; Cylinder Oil, is. 9d.; Gas Engine Oil, 28. 3d.; Valvoline Oil, 25., 2s. 3d. ; Dynamo Oil, 3s. ; Colza Oil. 25. 6d. 40 gallon barrels free Carriage Paid.—RELIANCE LUBRICATING OM CO., 19 and 20, Water.lane, Great Tower-st., London, E.C. Agents wanted.

T. GEORGE'S IRON wortxs LIMITED (late Ormerod, IJ Grierson, and Co. Limited). Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS, Millwright. and all kinds of Engineeeing Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli • cation.—Telephone 229.

ACME BOILER SCALER Dry Soluble Harmless Powder. Effectually removes, and prevents, the formation of In- crustation in Steam Boilers, however bad the Water may be. Used by Brewers. Dyers, Farmers, and large Steam Users. It does not affect the steam or cylinders. 20s. per cwt.. in Kegs or Casks. Only one pound weight required for every 10 h.p. nominal per week. An influential Agent wanted for this district. HENRY BIBBY AND CO., CORNBROOK. MANCHESTER.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter. 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

pA T ENT OFFICE, MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have had more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the cotton. woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law." i?rice 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price Is. GEORGE DAVIES. C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., U.S.A., 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

AWARDED OVER 370 PRIZE MEDALS. BRADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY - APPROVED LAUNDRY & DAIRY MACHINERY. COMPLETE OUTFITS FOR HAND AND STEAM POWER. Catalogues Free Correspondence invited. THOMAS BRADFORD ,t CO., 130, BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOO L; VICTORIA-AVENUE, MANCHESTER; Also SALFORD and LONDON.

GREEN'S PATENT L'AUSAGE CHOPPING and MINCING MACHINES and kl FILLERS (SILENT and OTHER PATTERNS). Suitable for BUTCHER, MEAT EXPORTERS, CONFEC- TIONERS, HOTELS, BOARDING-HOUSES, PRIVATE FAMILIES, to. These Celebrated Machines are used very extensively throughout England, Scotland, Ireland. and the Colonies. Illustrated Price Lists on application. -- THOMAS GREEN and SON LIMITED, Smithfield, Iron- workers, Leeds, and Surrey Works, Blackfriar's-rvad, London. S.E. Or from any Shipping or Exp,rt Rouse, Merchant or Ironmonger in the United Kingdom.

ECONOMISE YOUR FUEL. PRESERVE YOUR BOILERS. Only AWARD Granted at Liverpool Exhibition, 1886, for Boller Fluid. THE • Ok A ANGLO-AMERICAN-V BOILER SOLVENT COMPANY, RUNCORN, CHESHIRE. BOILER FLUID. A scientific treatme t for destroying and preventing in- crustation. corrosion, and pittings in Steam Boilers of every description, where salt or fresh water is used. After Trial, Constantly Used. A. NORMAN TATE & CO. report ,—"Excel- lently adapted for the prevention of incrustation and corro- sion in boilers fed with all classes of water." Superintendent Engineer. of Woo.lside Ferry,Birkenhead, says :—"Best ever used here; also prevents corrosion." CONDENSER DETERGENT. A special preparation for cleaning Steam Condensers, with- out theremoval of any tubes orfittings ; minimises labour and cos- of materials, also for removing all gum, grease, and oils from tippets of looms, and cleaning ironwork without scrap- ing. Professor WATSON Burnt, F.1.C., F.C.S., London University. and A. NOIMAN 'TATE A CO. again give highly favour .ble report. EUCALYPTUS DISINFECTANT AND SANITARY CLEANSER. Used on board Steamers, Ships, and in Workhouses, Hospitals, and other Public Institutions. Pronounced by all users to be an effective cleanser and disinfectant. PROFESSOR SMITE says ;--.* Strong detergent and great dislnfectingpowers ; another usefulproperty. will keep away vermin." A. NORMAN TATE AND CO. makes a similar report. Master of the Runcorn Workhouse states : "An Effective Clean- ser and Dirt Remover. There is a pleasant and agreeable smell in its use." Put up in casks, drums, and Packages to suit all countries. Merchants and expraters liberally dealt with. Special arrangements with 1 ome and foreign buyers. For prices, terms, and other particulars, apply as above. Samples of water tested Free.

GRATEFUL EPPS'S COMFORTING. BREAKFAST OR SUPPER C 0 C 0 A BOILING WATER OR MILK

Zirptlts, fiassStnetto, &r. IYCLES ! CYCLES! COVENTRY CROSS CYCLES of ‘../ Coventry are the best; all new patterns for 1893. Safeties geared ordinaries and tryvicles. The best agency for this season. Agents wanted in all towns where not repr.sent ed. 200 clearance machines. Apply Manche:ter Depot, WAItALAN and HAZLEWOOD. LTD., 134, Deansgate, Manchester

CL ES, CICL ES, 500 HIGH CLASSI MACHINES. GREAT CLEARANCE SALE of Jennings and Co.'s. Stock Purchased by the Seddon pneumatic T 1 re Company Limited to effect immediate clearAnce, MI, to be sold under Makers wholesale prices, exceptional chance to get a High Class Machine. Beeston Humbey. Singers, Rovers, Referee, Wenham, Stars, Raglans, King of Scharches. SEDDONS PNEUMATIC TYNE Co., LIMITED, 11, St. Mary's Gate, and 44, Deausgate, Manchester. (late Jennings.)

THE OLD-ESTABLISHED BASSINETTE WAREHOUSE. Beware of spurious imitations. The best and cheapest Carriages in the town or district. (No connection with any other firm of the same name.) -NAT . ASHTON, 74, Sankey-st., Warrington, manu- facturer of Bath Chairs, Bassinettes, Rustic Car- riages, Ac., of the best materials and workmanship, on the premises, under personal supervision. Well-finished Bassinettes from 255., warranted to run straight. Mail Carte, Tricycle Horses, Doll Carriages, is Agent for Sewing Machines, Wringing and Washing Mac- hines. WORKS :--BEASIONT-STREET.

SMITH'S PIANOS, 179, OXFORD-ROAD, MANCHESTER. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST HOUSE FOR HIRING PIANOS AND ORGANS. PIANOs, at 10s. 6d. monthly I TILL PAID ORGANS bs• „ f FOR. Second-hand Instruments at lower rates. Delivered free on payment of first month's hire.

SMITH'S PIANOS ARE GOING UP, NOT IN PRIOR, BUT IN PUBLIC BSTISIATION. 179, OXFORD-ROAD, MANCRBSTBR.

S 1" has concluded arrangements for a regular 1..3 supply of the justly celebrated PIANOS a the foremost House in all Germany. GORS AND KALLMANN, OF BERLIN, Who make (without doubt) the finest German Pianos that come into Great Britain. "Reprove my allegation, if you can, Or else conclude my words effectual."—Shakeepeare. Only two qualities will be kept in Stock—those most suited to English tastes, 3,5 and 40 Guineas, either of which may be obtained only at SMITiI'S at One Guinea Monthly till paid for. 179 OXFORD ROAD. MANCHEoTER.

SMITH'S AMERICAN ORGANS, From the Smallest to the Largest may be had at SMITH'S from to. and upwa-ds monthly. 171 OXFORD ROAD, MANCHESTER.

SMITH'S PIANO, "THE MASTERPIECE." This Instrument is the embodiment of all that is good in quality, material, style, and finish, and is the Pianopftr excellence. SMITH refriins from saying anything more ast o the many virtues of this Instrument, but leaves the discrim- inating public to dilate lurthrr upon its merits. One Guinea monthly till paid for. Guaranteed ten years. If Is is true that " Good wine t.e.eds no bush,'; 'Tis also true that " Good pianos need no push." Shakespeare and Smith—" As You Like It.'

CLt MITE'S NEW DEPARTMENT. Old mid New Violins, Harps, Guitars, Banjos, Flutes Clarlonels. Concertinas, &c., Sze., and all kinds of Strings a id Fittings. Any of these Instruments may be obtained on Smith's Hire Purchase System. 179, OXFORD ROAD, MANCHESTER.

OMITH'S "SCHOOL BOARD MODEL " PIANO, £22 CASH Seven octaves, newest design, full trichord, cheek action, iron frame. This instrument may be purchased on Smith's Equitable Hire System, at only 12s. 6u. MONTHLY TILL PAID FOR. If you cannot pay so much monthly Smith will supply a Similar Piano, trichord, sticker action, at 10s. 6d. MONTHLY TILL PAID FOR. Write or send for price list (post free), or, what is better still, call on SMITH personally it possible. Make no mistake in the name or address, Snail, 179, OXFORD-ROAD MANCHESTER.

FOUND AT LAST. The Place to get an Honest Piano at an Honest Price and on Easy Terms. SMITH'S 179, OXFORD-ROAD, AIANCIIESTER.

GREAT CLEARANCE SALE of 200 PIANOS and 5 , ORGANS at 50 per cent. BELOW COST at J. PARRY'S 18 to 24 DOWNING-ST.. MANCHESTER. CABINET PIANO. in mahogany case, six octaves EI 2 Walnut Upright GRAND PIANO, by Collard 2 2 Rosewood Upright GRAND PIANO, by Collard Mahogany Upright GRAND PIANO, by Kirkman 5 0 Rosewood SEMI-GRAND PIANia, by Kirkman 8 10 Black and Gold COTTAGE PIANO. by Dallman 8 15 Rosewood COTTAGE PIANO, by Stodard 9 0 Oyerstrung PIANO, full trichord, extended ends and under dampers Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut COITAGE PIANO, by todard Full Compass Iron Frame Rosewood, by Kirkman l6gs. Full Compass Iron Frame Black and Gold, by Brinsmead Full Compass Iron Frame Rosowood, by Broadwood Full Compass Iron Frame Rosewood, by Collard and Collard lBgs. Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut, by J. and J Hopkinson Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut, oversttung, by Erard 24gs. Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut, oyerstrung, by Itieumeyer Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut, by ford, of Paris 18gs, Large Chancel Organ, 0 sets, 18 stops,2 swells, cost 50gs 15gs, Piano and Organ buyers should not miss this rare opportunity,

EliAnD. The remainder of the Eng- lish Models at Great Reductiong. pADEREWSKI eaye :~` Play only on an Erard wherever obtainable. S. and P. ERARD. MAKERS to the QUERN and ROYAL FAMILY. 18, GREAT MARLBOROUGH-ST., REGENT-ST., W.

HENSHAW AND CO., 83, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER. pIANOS,with Iron Frames and Check Action,from 12s. 6d. monthly, TILL PAID FOE. ORGANS, Full Compass, with Knee Swell, from ss. 6d. monthly. TILL PAID FOR. LTARMONIUMS, New Models. with Broad Reeds, • from ss. monthly, TILL PAID FOR. Second-hand Instruments at lower rates. Delivered Free on receipt of Ist month's hire. VIOLINS, Banjos, English Concertinas, Flutes, &c., on Henshaw's new Easy Payment System. DON'T buy your Pianos or Organs at Ilensbaw's 83, Piccadilly, Manchester, if you can get them better and cheaper elsewhere. First-class tuners sent to all Parts.

HOOPER AND SIMMONS COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock to select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The beet work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams, Landaus, Victories, Wagonettes. and Pluetons. now for Sale or Hire.

R. PALMER THE UNION CARRIAGE WORKS, LIMITED. 33 and 35, RING-STREET WEST, MANCHESTER, GOLD MEDAL awarded for Excellence of Design and High class Workmanship. A large assortment of carriages on view. LANDAUS, BROUGUAMS, VICTORIAS, &c The New Carlton Cart in Great Variety.

'alt bp Zuction. Telephone: No. 55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers, iWarrington. AUCTIoiN ROOMS—NO. 1 Rank Street) AGENT TO—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employ-ere Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1656. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Association Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boiler Insurance Company, Linaed. Established 1864.

CROFT NEAR WARRINGTON. SMALL FREEHOLD MARKET GARDEN FARM. To BE SOLD BY AUCTION by MR. ROBERT LOWE, at the BLUE BELL INN, HORSEMARKET-ST., WARRINOTON, OD WED- ?impel'. the 15th day of FEBRUARY instant, at 5 for 6 o'clock in the afternoon, subject to c nditions. ,% LL THAT SMALL FREE HOLD ESTATE situate in Southw .rth-with-Croft near the Unitarian Chapel, and now in the occup dion of Mrs. Gilfedder, whose tenancy is about to terminate. The property comprises a small house and buildings, two cottages, and 9a., lr., 14p. of land, statute measure, and is bounsied on two sides thereof respectively by highways called , respectively, Spring-lane and New-lane, to which it has ' considerable frontages, rendering i 5 suitable for building land. The propetty is freehold, and early possession may be had For turner particulars apply to the AUCTIONEER, Market Gate Chambers, Warrington : or to MESSRS. JEANS and MORGAN. Solicitors, 38 and 40, Lloyd-st.' Manchester ; or MESSRS. W. D. JEANS AND CO., Solicitors, 25. Winwick-st.. Warrington.

MONDAY 20th FEBRUARY, VALUABLE LEASEHOLD HOUSES IN ASHRIDGE-STREET, RUNCORN, TO BE SOLD BY UCTION by lilt. THOMAS CLEGG, at WILSON'S HOTEL, kVI Rnrcontr, on MONDAY, 20th FEBRUARY, 1893, at Seven o'clock in the evening prompt, subject to the Common Form Conditions of th Incorporated Law Society of Liver- pool, and to Special Conditions to be then and there produced ' and read : All those two Leasehold MFISSUAGES or Dwelling-houses, situate in and being Nos. 58 and 60, in Ashridge-street. Ituonorn, in the respective occupation of Messrs. Thomas Deakin and John Bostock as tenants thereof. Th-!. property forms part of a larger plot, and is held for the residue of a term of 999 years, commncing trom the 24th day of June, 1854, and is offered subject to an apportioned yearly ground rent of £3 65.. and to the covenants and con- ditions on the lessee's part contained in the indenture creat- ing the term. The proportion of the street-making account in connection V. it ti the making of Ashrldge-street has been paid. The gross yearly rental is £22 4s. For further particulars apply to the Atntion eer ; or to LINAKEI & LINAKER, Solicitors, 58, High-street, Runcorn.

_ -- Oggcs, Voultrp, DRAT-MOSS LITTER, specially prepared for poultry, I. 1 6d. per bag.—DRABBLE and Co.. Swan-st., Manchester.

TAIGGS —Single comb Orpington and White Leghorns, 55,; _LI sitting, W. Cooks prize strain ; splendid prize strain ; splendid table and winter layers. 3s. bitting; exchange blak Minorcas, ivy geraniums, and other cuttings, fuchsias, any good plants —PHILIPS, Cedars, Sunbury, Middlesex.

UNORMOUS PEKIN DUCKS from prize winners, will 14 soon lay , only 75.6 d. and 10s. 6d. each. Drakes same price. Sure tc please ; also black Minorca Cockerels and Pullets. Palace cup strain. Copy testimonial from Scotland, " I am well pleased with the bird and consider that you have treated me better t han any other I have done business with in England."—Locxwoon, Barnet. Herts,

FOW L CORN, LIGHT WHEAT, DAM, BUCK WHEAT. and GALATZ CORN. CARTER & SON, CORN DEALERS. WARRINGTON.

Co be tn. SHOP and HOUSE to LET. N 0.59 and 61, Leonard-street. —Apply 78, Knutsford road, Warrington.

HOUSH AND GA.RDEN TO LET, No. 4, Salisbury-et., rent £23 Bs. per annum. Contains two parlours, kitchen, !cc., five bedrooms, w.c., and bath.—Apply GIBSON AND SON. Church-et., Warrington.

rilo BE LET OR SOLD.—Huymn Hey-road, Huyton, _I Semi- detached FREEHOLD VILLA, two entertaing, four bedrooms, bathroom, we., two kitchens, pantry, good gardtris back And front, six minutes walk from railaay station.— Apply South Bank, Huyton.

TIIE EXECUTORS OF THE LATE EBENEZER TIMMINS, ENGINEERS AND IRONFOUNDERS, MAKERS OF CHEMICAL AND SOAP PLANT. BRIDGE WATER FOUNDRY, RUNCORN. ESTABLISHED 1827. CONTRACTORS FOR GAS WORKS, WATER WORKS, ARTESIAN WELLS, BRINE WELLS, AND BORINGS FOR MINERALS. BORING PLANT AND PUMPS.

LICENSED FOR THE SALE OF METHYLATED SPIRITS AND BENZOLINE. AGENT for SEQUAII'S REMEDIES. ISAAC SPEAKMAN CHEMIShiY EXAMINATION, BRIDGE-ST., PHARMACY 27, BRIDGE-ST.. RUNCORN. PATENT MEDICINES (with a few exceptions) AT RE- DUCED PRICES, Viz. Is 94 for 2s 3d. 2s 64 for 26 Id, is Itd for 10,1 d. 6d. Nelson's Gelatine 3 for Did, Is. Neave's food kid per tin, Bm.. Bm. SPRATT'S DOG BISCUITS Hs 6d per 112Ibs or 121bs for 2s 3d. Calabar Dog Biscuit, 12s 64 per cwt. CHEAPEST HOUSE FOR HOUSEHOLD SOAPS. Pears' soap 3 for lad; Hazlehurst's " Sun," 3 tablets for 554; Sunlight, 3 in box 754; Brockes Monkey Soap, 35d per lb. Homcepathic Medicines 64 bottle, sd; Vichy Waters, 36s per case, 50.—Best and Cheapest House for White Lead, Tur- pentine, Varnish, Oil, Brushes, Ice. Send for prices. Whole- sale Dealer in Petroleum Oil, Hudson's Dry Soap, 8/c. Aspinall's Enamel Paint. Cooper's Sheep Dip. 12s per doz

THE OLD-FASHIONED ALIA WRITE BREAD, If you want a wholesome and delicious Bread, give the above a trial. Those who have tasted it can highly recommell4. it. Try it for yourselves. 11 TIIQMAS LE A, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL BARER., Agent for SMITH'S HOVIS BREAD.. CHURCH STREET, RUNCORN.

COLLIER'S BREAD Is prepared from CAREFULLY SELI,CIED FLOUR. Produced from the FINEST CALIFORNIAN WHET. Carefully made by Experienced Bakers, is ABSOLUTELY PURE, And delivered daily to all parts of Runcorn and D Orders to be left at 6, Church-st. The Largest Trade in Town. Over 2,400 Loaves sold every week. WALTER COLLIER, 6, CHURCII-STREET, istrict. RUNCORN.

BOYDELL BRos., THE LEADING TAILORS. Are now showing a splendid selection of West A' Magian! and Scotch Tweeds, Overcoatings, &c., suitable for Autuini` and Winter Seasons. 5 { BUSINESS 5J SUITS. 1 Os.Q S. KJUITS for the .M.OORS. An Endless Variety of TROUSERINGS 135., 16s. 6d., Bre., &c. Special attention given to Evening Dress. Perfect Fit Guaranteed. 8.8. respectfully invite inspection. 37. BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. I Also at MANCHESTFR. LIVERPOOL. and ST HELENS.

CIIAFED SKIN, PILES, SCALDS, CIIILBLAIN2O CHAPPED HANDS, SORE EYES, EAR-ACIO" THROAT COLDS and SKIN AILMENTS QUICKLY RELIEVED EY USE OF CALVERT'S CARBOLIC OINTMENT, Large Pots 130. each, sold at all Chemists and Storm or post free for value in stamps. F. C. CALVERT and CO., MANCHESTER. (2)' 60 Gold and Silver Medal g and Diplomas.

DR. SCOTT'S BILIOUS AND LIVER TILLS. The Safest bledlcine• DR. SCOTT'S pus Cure Indigestion, and Wind' R. SCOTT'S plus Cure Nervous Depression' DR. SCOTT'S pus Restore the ApPeti". DR. SCOTT'S pus DR. S —ICOTT'S PILLS Purify the Dio°d' Strengthen the Whole SYsteni° D". SCOTT'S PILLS The Best Family Medietne. D". sways PILLS DR. SCOTT'S BILIOUS ANDMiLidlVuEterele'* Are wrapped in a square green package, bearing, 'ce. name of the proprietor. W. LAMBERT 173, b'eymour Do London, W.. by post for 14 or 34 stamps. _

THE EXAMINER. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1893.

HENRY MILLING & CO, LTD. ARE OFFERING THE CEIOICEST SEVILLE ORANGES, FOR WINE AND MARMALADE AT MOST REASON- ABLE PRICES. 5, HORSEMARKET-STREET. W AMIN Gr lON.

BEFOEE ORDERING TEETH it will PAY you to see the NEW CROWN and PIVOT System of TEETH WITHOUT PLATES. Supplied at a MODERATE CHARGE. Teeth on Best Vulcanite PROPERLY FITTED, 4s. each or £2 per set.—Painless extraction. Gold and Plastic Fillings, &c. SAVOR for preser>ing the teeth. Is. 10., post free. MR. REGAN, DENTAL SURGEON, 5. STRETFOR,D-POAD. MANCHESTER.

ST. JACOBS Oil Positively Cures Rheumatism, Gout, Neuralgia, Sprains, Sciatica, Lumbago, Stiffness, Soreness, and all Bodily Aches, It Kills Pain Instantly. It Acts like Magic. CO t• U S PIN. Pricms Is. lid. (SG 2s. 6cl.

THE HOMESTEAD LABOUR RIOTS. A Pittsburg telegram says : The trial of Jack Clifford on a charge of murdering one of the Pinkerton detectives named Conrad, during the labour riots at Homestead last summer, was concluded on Wednesday. The jury returned a verdict of not guilty, and the prisoner was discharged. `4 HOME RULE ALL ROjIND," MR. LABOUCHERE'S ANTICIPATION. Mr. Labouchere was last night to have presided at a discussion at the National Liberal Club on "Home Rule all round." Writing to excuse himself. owing to a cold, be stated, " I think that Home Rule all round will soon be adopted by the Liberal party as a portion of its pro- gramme. The Imperial Parliament cannot, owing to limitations of time, adequately act in Imperial and local ratters. Home Rule all round means the direct Influence of the people on all matters appertaining to its interests, and therefore it is the outcome of clemodacy."

. ' . \ -.... .... sf- • 1 9,LPA,.6Icy;AsIr.-. '1: if. 4 cl ',/,/, 4! •1' 0 ..-----'-'). 'r :PT. -§ —;;,.. .f, - , ,A ... ,4, ~ v Intoi 41, fa........., • e., '. 4, °, • . 2, ~ ,-f , ~ ' zli,''', ~;,, .pf .t • • _,- tf.t. , AZ, ,t,.4..y?-V .•.,-,.,):z. It *------ ----*C, -.'/ / It .• ( . j, 1......''7 'S e,if _ ,:,,,,:t 't4 T '' / i i'4 • ' e.:1:1 'KC '''• •ftl/17.1*:"..../.4‘2' --.—:"r ' ,-., 7, 1 '`,.f..!....,.,-- _fi././A.?=`;.i'--)'''` . '•• . , ... PANIW.I4, 5 , :.. .. .7 . 0 . (pit , fii,...- \ iog ._.... .- - ,-- - • S ..--.•,_ 1 --4_, • a_ , -4v ii • 3.. - - ,f-v..• ...v. - 1J ,1 ••••••-.:_- t (cTi. i ( --- - -:- . 7, ~... ... • ........t. \,, i.-.. :.: ~.-4.). .. „..-•-• - . ..•,...., . „. ,6,0, 0 —, ~. - -• 0 ..74--, ------- •-: --- --•- - ...._ '‘;‘ , _ ... :: - , fus it ~... , tw,......„..,.•• "r 4 .- „ ----4 : - ~ ..4.,•;.•.. , . ' , . ..... . 1/2 ...iv I .1 -"-.. '7' •_. . ~.. . 1611119111.8 - • 'C's °\ _.

PURE IRISH LINEL IRISH CAMBRIC r.r6 HANDKERCHIr" POCKET • Guaranteed all pure flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girl, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN COLLARS. Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars, 5/6 per dozen; made special to pattern, 6/8 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9. 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKU,S, 4/6 and 5/8 per dozen. IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yards square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 442 d. per yard. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, hilly bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yard. SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS! FOR SUMMER AND EVENING WEAR. IRISH TWEED ‘.l4,en Durability, w, aallndPustryelWe. oorl.le Unssuayrpiafssfeodr Lfoardsitesre,n Patterns Free by Return of Post. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. G. R. HUTTON & CO., LARNE, BELFAST.

They 8 ' , ' c 7CIIJO z ...t, r AP i. ' • A ~i, , H 1,. ~,,....: , as nothing else will. No Remedy _l penetrates the tissue like , IAsTERs • They MINS raltio ,rery faaats iii zsdhcrastrkleta of all airclirxitry exwalbursOClEctiortgii• That is why they are so popular, anti why they are worth Taking the trouble to get. OF ALL CHEMISTS—BUT HAVE ALLCOCK'S,

EsivenuswEn 1851. BIRKBECK BANK, Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, London. THREE per CENT. INTEREST allowed on DEPOSITS, re- payable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, on the minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lOO. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purchased and sold SAVINGS DEPARTMENT. For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small sums on deposit, and allows Interest at the rate of THREE PER CENT. per annum .n each completed El. BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY Holy To PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIERBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars, can be obtained post free, on application to FRANCIS RA.VENSCROFT, Manager.

...11h SWIFT GOLD MEDAL , ~ 4:__ .. 44 o NEW HARRISON , •lt . 7 , .. , A. =,.:-.44,11,;7,-" . _ - Stockines, Clothing in . - - KNITS Woo, Silk, or Cotton. Mats 7d. per Post. TRIUMPHANT A WARDat , PARIS. The only WINNER tn the WORLD of 15 Gold Medals. Also Makers of the bUN Seam lesaStocking Ribber. Branch Office, 77, Oxman ST., LONDON.—Tne Hanemox Karrrrao Macanis Co. Works, 48, UPPER BitOOli. ST., MANCHESTER.,

F. 6 TRADE 0 7; .4-INcio'- '- '"„.PREMOIDL" - I ti P" "4* M.' • • ti•X:*•X , n -Jar 44. MARK. Is the most genuine preparation ever manufactured for Calf Rearing. ANALYST'S REPORT. Feb. 28th. 1887. Society of Chemical Industry (Manchester Section). I have chemically and microscopically examined Messrs. Crosby and Sons' " Cremoid " Calf Meal. I find It to contain albumininous substances which are necessary to build up the tissues of the animal system. The Meal also contains a considerable amount of oil, with carbo-hydrates, which tend to the production of fat. Nearly one-h .It of the ash is made up of phosphate of lime (thiq, I need not say, is one of the chief constituents of bones.) From the examina- tion of this Meal, I consider it an admirable food for the fattening of calves, as the Meal contains all the elements for the building up of the flesh and bones of the animal body. (Signed.) 4 CARTER BELL. A.R.S.M., F.I.C. •County Analyst. PRICE 183. PER A....AVT. s 5-CWT LOTS. 1 a US. VD. Carriage paid to any Station. • CROSBY AND DONS, CORN MILL, RUNCORN.

W. GEE TAYLOR'S ECZEMA CURE At once stops irritation, and cures all SKIN DISEASES. Contains NO POISON. Does not Stain. Price is. W. and 2s. Pd., or Postal Order is. 3d. & 3s, from Sole Proprietor. Agents wanted. W. GEE TAYLOR, Chemist, Hungerford, Berks

FRANCIS MORTON AND COMPANY LIMITED, HAMILTON /RCN WORKS, GARSTON, near Liverpool. Invite Inquiries and Reference to their NEW CATALOGUE.

FENOING AND GATE DEPARTMENT. F. M. & Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE 8: IRON FENCES, now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad, is being continually Iraprovea upon to meet extended requirements, and complete informa- tion is supplied -on application. RAIL' S FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUttIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, h. ORNAMENTAL HIGH-CLASS GAT S 3 TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, rillarisions, Villas Ste. STRONG FIELD GATES, FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS. &c. HURDLES NETTING AND AND TREE GUARDS. WIRE WORK. .oc:iikTir X INIT T_T itZl) t_7" BAR IRON FENCING, Fitted with F. M. & Co's Solf-Lookirig Joint. LONDON OkFICE 17, VICTORIA ST., Westminster, S.W.

,IfilitTlV---ift,..-_-_ ----- .4 - iiiio ~.._ _1,,. __ L.... - - I , 1 =.•=-4.0.-1,-.• 0_..-1—• „Le-_.+--___,-;= I I i ...., ~_ If, I 1 kt:4o=o.l".!..teitrefr.r.7.l4.-117.4,,,,,Z6,9":"'"!"1,_ I : CI 417074 ''' WE, '-'l'it. 1P VO - , 1 ' '''°l'l'' Ir:" 11 1 , ..., 1 ''lt 11, .."':f.t,.. 4. ‘') ,kir I ==%•=-4=-"Ta -=-• = s'.= _ -, Q. ker =;= 'P. "Ml. '-__--;7=l-f--E—=------__:_-,-------- ------=----- -----------=.,:: 4 (3 in,, 'f,„..1-_—_•,--7--7--_,_____=___—____--„,-- iii, to-, ,_,,,i 1 4, .1,42 ~,r,i )14 Ve.:i. r___2loinff7sllo4llElESUfilan' ' M'Dn'411"1111"1" A.,..4 '1 IJ !tr-nlfi °(dl Q. ili!trf4l44o, C RAN EZi SONS 111 i (0311)ii.,, 9 IMMulinnignisMivatal milli,' 0;1.14N7 , # 11 n 4-511=11111111, .0,.. '1- 'q ck. b-11070) =Alga _ ra ir ii ------ -,, , 1, 0 1 15,1 1giana11........ ot loutrmunommull I , 1 11,1 111 IN illl ,41, ~ A. 51010111111111111111141111TR1T.1._ _____ till i \ „im ___ PIANOS . FRomLS litAnßomMm°llNuiltrainSm.l;t2tutikr /i -,---7---7,----"lldiliquilill' LN,,,q:HY:F-'1111'1111_11;11'1,1019-19010_111 spa ,1 . 1 115111111$91PligHili,11111111,:,_,„—_,- ----- --,---- -`- --------_—_---------_ - -

:73) terbfman SOOTHING POWDERS I. OR CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN OSE OVER FIFTY YEARS.

“JOHN STEEDMAN, CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY,” is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

EADE's GOUT ea RHEUMATIC piLLs. The safest and most effectual cure for Gout, Rheumatism, Rheumatic Gout, Lumbago, aid all Pains in the Head, Face, Limbs, &c. They require neither confinement nor alteration of diet, and in no case can they prove injurious. In regard to general lealth they will be found highly salutary and restorative. --- RELIEVED GOUT AFTER 6 YEARS' SUFFERING. -- Mr. A. Chadwick of 1, West Street, Firgrove. Rochdale, on December 14th, 1891, writes "I HAVE HAD THE GOUT IN MY BIG TOE FOR SIX YEARS on and off in spite of the numerous liniments and pills I bought. At length my brother advised me to try your pills. snit for a small bottle (16. lid.) and am pleased to say nothing ever did mews much good. IN A FEW HOURS THEY GAVE ME RELIEF and in four days I could wear my boot and go to business. The second bottle made me all right and the pain has not since returned. I shall never Ise without your pills and shall recommend them to all I know. --- Do not be persuaded to take any other Pills for the above distressingly painful disorders, as Eade's have been proved by thousands to be the best and most effectual remedy. PREPARED ONLY BY GEORGE EADE, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD. LONDON. • And sold everywhere by Chemists and Medicine Vendors. is bottles, Is. 11d. and is. Pd.

I ee.,.., , i. . . ..; ;. , 0 IV Ay' S N " I.' Lza , t"M"a ' 66 '''':.. ' PILLS & OINTMENT Are acknowled<recl by all to be The Best Medicines for Family Use. ..... MANUFACTURED ONLY AT 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON. And Sold, by all Medicine lionlos throughout tite World. Advice Grativ, at the above address, daily, between the Loran of 11 and 4, or by /ettet. I _ • ..., ,,....„,_ 7, .‘' ~,,,„, p, 73 zz i , W3rl /F ',.=.1 - \ , 1 : ne«, INI U'ii ' e ..A a -',O-# - - •-\" ' " ••• ' , -----;C',.\ '4,, 1/8,2/ s., \,„ \ ~,, ::-...tt . \•':, .':' . .„---000.• - ; ":.,A-,;',:' ' ‘:,i ,& 2/4 Unique in Flavour. ,-.66.,-,s- ~<:.,..-,-,,k10. '•/*•,, 'l,. 41-:,.;,,. -; • 04- ---0°,,61 I‘"i pr.4,,44rfh, 41-4,oki''''\.'4.,?„, \ .., \,P 11).4‘A, :-. ‘ \•,•';, iie;i:V ,14 N ,; 1,,,„.,,,t.A%-,: ''''k:::', / -----,'"•':.--- ---..."-I It-,-,v,' ....(;•.,,,,,,‘,..1m, ‘, . ii.,k .„.......04. •,-,....*:.-.1, 4'l vs • Ir‘ -„-,,--- _-_,,,,5), ,4,41.;•, ~.„'„-e'cx, ~„4.\., . 4,-.,0.„.,-,,,,,,,w.,,,,, N., ,%s •\,\ --, ,'•,,,,„--1 k 9/. -,p- --4 , z 0,,,?. 4.;,lorew,(*.ft,a:t ig, 4,-,, , •,c, \',, '\ \'Ve' ''' ""••4'„V pe ~.\•li,,'".N, ..','.i,X-::..!04411;:.;,,i'.44,4,' 5' As ', = '-''i '% ( 1 / • ' '- ' 44' gr-1ity,'04,01V*A.,,,,-,2tiv...k tPO-- c,•:::& p;v•-,[,-•:' ~•A \ L..,',` 'e- ' AV ••04141. 16..•„„,./4.4,...*,,,:.-:.1C...', .` ' o'-'-', .e.-4-Ac'"-s, \ '' •,'V\s,•'•i'' tta, .e.:100;:ia>,,,%;:x., . :.?.:'-,41,;tN).2.4ke.,„,.- ~,,- " .10t-f6p-S., '' \ ‘'''•-•N • ~,,,;‘,,‘,4:,,,,,>. d'' '.l;.',' Er :4, , ,::,.:-t '.."-.J'--,,te,....,,Ke'0rt," ' e-4-4 Sit, 'l•A'l \ \ ..,"V‘ , ..01,-e),%,;'?l;:t-,,,,.4.;03 ..f,,Attfev!w-: ~,•,- -,_ ~, ~,%..c,,, - ‘‘, ,',,\ v \,,,, 01,•:;#4,•,-,*77tx.4-v,` ~,a;tl% '09.---'' - . , -,,,-7-'::' Sold by A Rest for the tired, 44/2;AP; O. • ;;:--- ... 4 .v,,fitv- A Jcar for the Strong _ - t- , district , --r=" , ."0 : ^ r ~, 4 IN TINS a IN ~..:, PACKETS. ,W,,, --1-.'-';'-- d , ' ': • NOVA EA. EVERYBODY CAN GET IT FROM : A. E. A. SMITH BOWDON...HOUSEHOLD STORES SUTTON OAK BLAIR AND Ca. Buttermarket-street (corner of CO., Oxford-Bd. ST. HELENS M. 130 HAN. Academy-str(et) ; 41, Winwick-st.; CROFT ...JAMES UNSWORTH, JUN. TILSTON J. WILLETT. and 57,Bewsey-st.,WARRINGTON ; EARLES TOWN T. MOLYNEUX. TATTENHALL G. MORGAN 31, Mersey-road, WIDNES; AND GARSTON 1 A. E. A. SMITH. TRANMERE...M. A. BURGESS & 36, Market-st , EARLESTOWN. MIDDLEWICH W RIMSEY. CO., 28, Church-Rd. ACTON BRIDGE ...A. C. MOULTON MARPLE W. BRADBURY. WIDNES R WEBSTER BE TITSFIELD, Near Whitchurch ROCK FERRY...W. HOPKINSON, WIGAN H. LITEIERLAND. J. L. HUXLEY. 96, 98, Bedford-Rd. LIVERPOOL ... GENERAL SUPPLY ASSOCIATION, 17, COLQUITT-STREET. List of Local Agents now completing, and will be published here regularly. Applications for the few remaining ' vacancies to be addressed to the Proprletors of " VENOYA " TEA, 19 and 20, Camomile-street, London, E.C. Only one Agent, who must be a leading Grocer, will be appointed for each neighbourhood.

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious com- partments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Obsover. pr'r=zoA c 4, c 4 FREE F.R0..1.1 MERCUR E e , ‘; th ' sA, • A ~' -: T ' .11' ' ° , ii, , •, ~ , : OP PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. PILLS. FOR BILE. LIVER, ACIDITv, INDIGESTION, 84. c.

. . MACKS .DOUE3LiE- RIG H

LY MM. __-- CONGRMAT§ONAL TF,A PARTY.—The anal tea party in connection with the Congregational Church, Lymm, was hold in the schoolroom, on Tuesday eiening. Tea was partaken of by a good number at six o'cleck, and at the meeting which' was held afterwards several gen- tlemen from the village and district gave addresses. The church choir rendered several songs during the evening. CONCERT.—On Monday evening a concert was held in the Drill Hall, Lymm, in aid of the church band. The entertainment was very enjoyable, the following being the artistes engaged :—Messrs. Evans, Huntingdon, Roper, T. Warrington, and the Misses Grundy and Thomas. Messrs. W. and T. Ball gave a duet (cornet euphonium), and the ringers gave a performance on handbells. LOCAL BOARD. The monthly meeting of the Lymm Local Board was held on Tuesday evening, when there were present—Mr. Gregson (chairman), Messrs. J. Holt, S. Appleton, R. Whitelegge, J. Perrin, A. Mclntyre,fl. Harrison, arid F. Swallow ; Mr. T. J. Ridgway (law clerk), Mr. W. Mul- lard (clerk), Mr. J. Mort (surveymf), Mr. W. Severs (gas manager), and Mr. W. Rouse (fire engine depart- ment).—Mr. Mullard stated that a g-rsat nuisance had been caused by certain boys in the village, who made a disturbance nightly near the Technical Nhool, disturb- ing the scholars there at their studies. He had caught one boy and had written to several parents telling them to bring their boys to the Board meeting. The parents and boys were then brought into the Boardroom, and , Mr. Ridgway gave the lads a severe reprimand, stating that they were very lucky in not having been prosecuted. He understood that the Board would in future prosecute all offenders.—The Surveyor (Mr. Mort) stated that the number of patients Raw at the Newfield Hospital was four, all of whom were convalescent. There had been no fresh cases since the 12th of January.—The Gas Manager (Mr. Severs) reported that the consumption of gas during the past month had been 1,823,000 cubic feet, as against 1,673,000' cubic feet for the corresponding month of last year.—Mr. Holt said that Mr. Fairclough had spoken to him about putting a new lamp at the corner of his works, with the words "Millstone Inn" upon it, if the Board would allow him to do so.—lt was decided that Mr. Holt should see Mr. Fairelough; and consult with him about the matter, so that Mr. Fair- dough could attend at the next meeting of the Board with his application.

A LIVERPOOL-ROAD SCANDAL; --- A " RESPECTABLE " FEMALE TERROR.. -- FRIGHTENED NEIGHBOURS BARRICADE DOORS. Sophia Eggington, a married woman, of Liver- pool-road, was summoned at the Borough Court, yesterday, for using threats- towards Mrs. Esther Ashcroft, win, of Mr. Ashcroft, insurance agent, Liverpool-road.—Mr. A. Browne appeatred for the complainant. The defendant did not appear.—Mr. Browne said the case was one of the most deplor— able that had appeared in that court. The defen- dant was the wife of a very respectable man, who was earning his .£8 and .ElO per week. She lived next door to Mrs. Ashcroft, and for months she had been in the habit of drinking and then threatening the complainant. Her children had to be sent to a board- ing school, and on sovera I occasions the police had been called in to quell disturbances. Mr. Isherwood, the landlord of the house had latterly been compelled to give Mr. Eggingron notice to quit in consequence of the annoyance caused by his wife to the neighbours and also inconsequence of the damage he had done to the ' property. A day after the notice had been served the defendant commenced drinking. She renewed her threats to Mrs. Ashcroft, and said she would take her !He. She had thrown a dolly peg through Ashcroft's window, and they and the other neighbours were so frightened that they had to barricade their doors. The defendant was a good-looking but strong woman. Hers was a deplorable instance of the evils of drink. She was constantly intoxicated and treated this violent behaviour as a large joke. One of the nei gh- bours said to her the other day: "You will be summoned for this?' " Well,that don't matter. It'll only cost a few quids- -1 shall be out of court as soon as them, and I'll go home and play the deuce with them." That was her reply. Mr. Browne asked that a warrant be issued for the defendant's arrest. When she was brought before them he should press for the full penalty. A warrant was granted.

SEED ! SEED ! ! SEED !! ! P lERPOINT AND Co. Have now received their Annual Consignments of FARMS, GARDENS,and FLOWER SEEDS from the most noted ENG- LISH and Continental growers and each Department will be found replete with the most profitable and popular Varieties - Illustrated catalogues of Garden and Fower Seeds. Posh free on application. Descriptive Farm Seed Lists, also sent Post Free. VERY REQUISITE FOR THE FARMER, GARDENMR, AND FORESTER. All Seeds, carriage paid by rail or post. A liberal discount allowed off for cash. OEED ESTABLISHMENT. 32, HORSEMARKMT-ST. WARRINGTON.

TRY BURY'S SNOWDRIFT CAKE FLOUR. PADLOCK BRAND. IT'S A MARVEL! SOLD BY GROCERS EVERYWHERE.

_ TEETH. TEETH. TEJ Is' TEETH. PARKINSONS'S TERTH are, at the PrielePi„a UNEXCELLED IN•THE WORLD. The P"-of• TEETH. may rest assured that these statements to based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, and perhaft, as TEETH. bestguarantee of this to Intending patien_mo that J. It. PARKINSON ha one of the 1.1". of Dental Practices in England, the o t utee° os TEETH. employing the BEST LABOUR. using a BEST MATERIALS obtainable, and olfsAvta TEETH. the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. Any set made, or any work done by 13:7,,,i' 10 TEETH. not giving ABSOLUTE SkTISFACTIn ,of Every Detail will he immediately cerreerZW TEETH. an ENTIRIC NEW SET made FRS' CHARGE. tbite These conditions insure the public's TEETH. Hon and recommendation, exemplified Pirvii sets having been inserted for patients ,d„,40/11 TEETH. the voluntary persuasion arid year only, directly and indirect!'" nd recoluna I 01 en,— I TEETH. of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any °'• °ego" these patients' names and addresses, for t•joas TEETH. rence, will be given to any would-he I)6vritil personally applying for them. Thew twit r thousands in the past, each m ane ue- r nding ' e, TEETH. friends, speak volumes for Mr. rakl TEETH. success. His unusnally Large Dental Establistirrill adapted for the COMFORT of Patients. ri'' to TEETH. NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WEL° to 15 FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily frogs 9 TEETH. and 2to 6. ,-..1./0,1, ABSOLUTELY PAINLRSS EXTRA'" AO 01 &c., as hitherto, by the aid of his ovat oill TEETH. LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which liquefies for sale to dentists nearly TEETH. lons weekly. Patients, have, therefore, in speciality also the benefit of his experience. TEETH. CLOSED ALL DAY ON FRIDASJ• TEETH. J. H. PARKINSON. Dentist by Examination., ~,,,i/ 46, MOSLEY-STREET, MANCHW3I WARRINGTON ON WEDNESDAYS, at Wee Charier Ladies' Outfitter, Sankey-st., from 2,t0 b P• 11" gisi RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes, (late Parson's), Confectioner, Bridge-st., from 2 to 5. je...t. NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS, at Miss Gibson's, 2. Got i from Mr' II to 5. „Aj
