===== 0002601_18931216_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18931216_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
A \-/HRISTMAS! CHRISTMAS! SIILRCTION of CHRISTMAS and NEW. cARDs, lIAND-PAINTED and others can be bad at "1441 L T. CL AR K 'S. A -MEE" (mug, MARKET-ST., EARLESTOWN. Rreat variety of Christmas novelties In general, together Yearly Volumes, rldur

OTuEnrs. HEADACHE & NEURALGIA POWDEU. Ind 64,1? cure lit 10 minutes. From all Chemistt. arOCl3ll. Fre,. 11,Perati, e Stores, or direct from the Proprietors. Post 33 stamps. '41035 le. 44., and 2e. 9d. R. STOTHERT AND SONS, wHonts.ix CHEMISTS. .1427,11RT0N, jr;,-44 MANCHEETIM

GEDDES'S DANDELION C OFF EE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. gold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister §d.. 1O&. and is. 8d each. Wholesale by J GEDDES I SON, Warrington.

MANDOLIN, GUITAR, ZITHER , and BANJO, taught by PROFESSOR ENNIS and SENORA RANDA.—Address Victoria Chambers. Widnes.

pottres.

EMIG R ATI 0 N. ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD. -its to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, San , China, Japan, Australia, or New Zealand, should take tickets (lowest rates) at the "Examiner" Office, Warrington, by GUION. AMERICAN, AUSTRA- LIAN, ORIENTAL and other lines. JOHN WALKER, AGENT, "EXAMINER" oFFIOB BEWEEY-ST.. WARRIN6 TON.

• WORTHINGTON'S BURTON ALES AND STOUTS. fINDLATER'S DUBLIN INVALID AND OTHER STOUTS GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT IN CASK OR BOTTLE. FINDLATER'S STOUTS may now be bad In 4} gallon casks. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS in bottles only.

J. M. BEACON. BREWER'S AGNNT AND BOTTLER, 14, BT. .IAMEI6-BT., WARBINGTON.

TO tnteading emignuat, Franaisco, Canada, '-q tickets

===== 0002601_18931216_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
F °R ABSOLUTE SALE

CLEARANCE pRICES REM A IN IN El pORTI ON

OF CUTTER'S sTocE PREVIOUS

RHITAINDER OF STOCK

COMPRISES-

DINING-ROOM FURNITURE, con- fisting of choice selection of SIDE- -BOARDS, DINING TABLES, DINNER WAGONS, DINING-ROOM SUITES In richly figured Brown Oak, Fumi- gated Oak, American Walnut, Dark Mahogany, An.. Ate. DRAWING-ROOM FURNITURE, eonsisti 1g of a range of CAB- INETS, OVERMANTLES, Occasional CHAIRS, TABLES, Le , inlaid Rose- wood. Chippendale. Mahogany, „to. All latest Ar, ist lc Designs.

IBRARY FURNITURE, consisting 1) of BOOKCASES, with secretaire drawers, DWARF BOOKCASES, Re- volving-front. LIBRARY TABLES. in Walnut. Mahogani , Fumigated Oak, and a choice selection of Antique Oak. BRDROOM FURNITURE consisting of a variety of richly figured BROWN OAK, MAHOGANY, Le. ie., and a stock of BRASS BEDSTEADS; also BRASS and IRON BEDSTEADS and BEDDING.

HALL FURNITURR, consisting of HATSTANDS, HALL TABLES, HALL SIITTHES, HALL CHAIRS, to., together with N variety or miscellaneous fl CODS, consisting of Bamboo Tables, Stands, Jardinieres. Siandard Limp zicree,,s, Lc., Az., suitable for Christmas Presents.

-1U TT RR' S BUSINESS had been established halt a century, and during this period they held ft hi g -cla as r e puts t lon for supplying really good and soundly constructed FURNITURE.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
RE-OPENING

OF NEW pREMISES

INFLUENZA, DIPHTHERIA, INFLUENZA. SORE THROATS CURED IN ON B HOUR BY OTORCROFVB CURE. For Diphtheria, Quinsy, Coughs, Colds, Asthma. Indiges- tion, Diarrhea and Bronchitis, it is unequalled. In bottles 7jl, Is lid., and 2s. 9d. Of all Patent Medicine Vendors. WEOLESALE :-29, PRINCESS-STREET, MANCHESTER

===== 0002601_18931216_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE YOU LIAD A DRINK OF THE FAMOUS

"TEW-ITT" STOUT

T O-D AY P

IF NOT, TRY It

ADDRESS-.

RICHARD FORSHAW

COLLINS GREEN BREWERY.

NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS.

JAS. M GREENIIALGII,

CABINET MAKER, UPHOLSTERER, AND

DECORATOR.

SHOWROOM; 48, SANKEY-STREET.

WORKSHOP: KING-STE/Ha.

WARRINGTON.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT CO. UNDER THE ()LOOK. 118, BRIDGE-STREET. WARRINGTON. LADIES GAITERS. LADIES' OVER SHOES. LADIES' EVENING SHOES. LADIES' SLIPPERS IN GREAT VARIETY. GIRLS' EVENING SHOES. GENTLEMEN'S GAITERS. GENTLEMEN'S LEGGINGS. GENTLEMEN'S DRESS SHOES. BOYS' DRESS SHOES. BOYS' LEGGINGS. TERRE GOLD MEDALS AWARDED. -UNDER THE CLOCK.

TUCK AND CO.. Limited. INDIA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTOS GOODS.

LEATHER BELTING. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. or

CEMENTED ONLY. BONA FIDB MANUFACTURERS. 02, Chapel Street. Liverpool. Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester. • London, Cardiff, Newport, and ULM ER {VOILES. LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
, 11/ottlff.

SOUTH PORT, SUNNYSIDE HYDRO, Promenade extension. Physician, Dr. Bernardo. A summor end winter re combining p.ll the comforts of a pleasant home. Bea 8, pier, and trams near. New Turkish and other clew. ldenparcek, baths, billiards, and tennis. Terms moderate.—J. Boooocis. proprietor.

LONDON. WI L 8 TEMPERANCE HOTEL.

34 TO 40, LUDGATE ITILL. HOME COMFORTS. CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. Central for business or pleasure.

Vublirationo.

4 4 HORT TO ENF•URE LillibTll."—A medical • work &log Prescriptions and Inatructlons for the care of all kinds of Debility; post free, two stampc—Addreu . Dr. Baluraa, 48, Lonedale Square, Barmibury, London. N.

WEAK should arnedadvAthitwboesotHril AlEm No • t val 11 23:11 eRwEO r kon by M.D., Ch.M., with special chapters on the explanation of vital secrets and the certain CURE of PIOSTRATIOY, DEBILITY and DECAY. The purest amide In essential matters. Poet Free, 2d.—Address •• BtatutoN," Copiord Lodge, Brighton Sussex.

RAPHAEL'S ALMANAC FOR 1894.

It tells he farmer when to sow his crops and buy and sell his cattle and farm produce. It tells the gardener when to sow, plant, transplant, prune. or do anything else. It tells the young men when to court and marry. It tells the unkenployed the exact days and ho;irs to seek mrk with success. I ttellk a hen t o set, fowls,t ravehremove,esldarours,deal with hers, buy, sell, sign contracts, @Peculate hire servants. £o.lt contains Birthday Information for every day ofthe , fear, also the Fate of any Child botn during 1894. Num,rous useful Tables. Legal and Commercial Notices. The Pate of Kings. Nations and Individuals. Vivisection. Theosophy. Burned at the t.take. The Mystery of Death. Cruelty to Children, Price Bd. post free Td: FOULSILAM, 4, Pilgrim-st.. Ludgate 11111. LarrnwaiTE. Warrington. and all Stationers. MARMALADE.

HOME MADE

work

others,

year.

ANI:.,

. - -- - A DELICACY IN EVERY HOUSEHOLD.

COLLINGE'S SEVILLE ORANGE MARMALADE

SOLD BY ALL OROCERS.-WORKS BARLESTOWN.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
lOW

===== 0002601_18931216_art0008.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18931216_art0009.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
t

t%

===== 0002601_18931216_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHSI

ANSWERED.—Johnny Cumso (reading the sport- fug paper): "Papa, whit is a light-weight? " Cumso : "A gas meter." A NEW NOVEL.—She: "Have you read 'ln Luck's Way '" fle : " Yes ; but I've never got in it yet." THE despised cigarette is not unlike some of our public men. They get many a puff and end in moke. EARNEST.—" When he told you that was he in sober earnest?" "Well, he was just kinder gittin' over a spree, but he was earnest enough." JACK: Well, Jim' I proposed to Miss Summer last night. Jim : Did she give you her heart? Jack: "No, but I got a piece of her mind. THERE'S a masa in Boston who is the lucky pos. annoy of Benjamin Franklin's watch. That's nothing I know a man who has Adam's apple. HADN'T SEEN ONE SINCE.—" Two years ago," said the editor, "before we struck the newspaper business, all our wealth consistsd of a five-dollar bill." "And now ?" " We are trying to remember how that five-dollar bill looked." CONTRIBUTOR: "You complain of my article being verbose and empty rhetoric; but just look at some of your editorials !" Editor: "Yes ; but then you know I give all the people will stand of that kind of stuff without calling upon outside aid." HE : "What made you think that picture in the academy was mine? You must be a judge of style, because it was unsigned." She (modestly): "You flatter me. I really didn't know it was yours until saw everybody laughing at it." MR. Goonssm. (on vestibule train) : "Bat what do you think of our palace car service? isn't that nearly perfect ?" Lord Howlong :"I think it's an infernal nuisance. It always nukes me uncom- fortable to see other people as comfortable as I

BosTosr.—" It's disgusting,"said Mrs. Waldo Beaconhill. 'The makers of children's blocks never think of putting Greek letters on them, and there's ms poor little Emerson simply dying of ennui for the want of a good fairy tale in words of moderately extensive syllabification," She: There's quite a ring round the moon to-night. What is that a sign of, dear? He: Rain. She: Dear me! And a ring round a woman's third finger. Is that a sign of anything? He, Yes—reign. ,ETHEL : "I think I shall be safe in marryink George ; he would never marry me for my money." Maud: "How do you know ?' Ethel: • I'm told he doesn't care for money ; throwing it away as fast as he gets it." A HINT TO THE WISE.—" So you are going to write to the girl's father to ask him for her, are you .?" "Yes.' "Why don't you go and see him in person ?" "The mail is better, I guess." "I think not" "But I do." "Come off. Why is it ?" "Oh, well, the old gent won't choke the letter, or hit it in the neck, or kick it downstairs, or anything like that, don't you know." "Oh I" THE LATEST IDIOTIC FAD.—It is quite "en vogue" in Baltimore to have toilet cases for pet dogs. The cases are divided into several compost- meats, one for brush and comb, ene for sponges and soap, one for collars, one for ribbons and one for medicines. No well-bred dog is now without a toilet case. SEEPING HIM Al N.DAK.—Mrs. Bizziman : "Yes, indeed, my husband is just about dead with work." Sympathising Friend: "Doer me, I hoped it would be easier for him now. You told me last week that he had engaged a secretary." Mrs. Bizziman : "That's just the trouble. Ile has to work so hard to keep the secretary busy that it is wearing him out." DEAF AND DUSID.—Deaf and dumb beggar (un- expectedly receiving a quarter) : "Oh, thankee, thankee !" Benevolent passer: "Eh ? What does this mean, sir? You can talk !" Beggar in con- fusion) : "Yes, sir. Ye see, air, I'm only holdin' this corner for th' poor deaf and dumb man what belongs here." Benevolent passer (quickly): "Where is he ?" Beggar (in worse confusion): "He's—he's gone to the park t' hear th' music." CAUGHT IN THE ACT. —The teacher: "There is one of my brightest boys sitting over there on that rock, writing, while his companions are wasting their time in idle play. No doubt he is writing his lessons out' for to-morrow. Here, Jimmy, let me see what you are writing ?" Jimmy : " No'm ; f don't want to." "Ah, see his modesty. Come, I want to read it." This is what she read : "Please excuse my son James from school to-day, as he is needed at ho—" No PLACE LIKE HOME.—Ite was writing an essay on the beauty of home life, and with his pen held suspended in the air, soliloquised thusly: "There is no place like home—" " Papa," called a boy voice at the door, " will,you mend my sled ?" "Co away, sir. Don't you know better than to disturb me when lam writing. Now that idea is gone, and I must begin all over again. Thereis- no-placte—' " It was a woman's voice this time: "Reginald, the gas is leaking like everything, and you must see the company and have it stopped." "There is no place like home," began the wretched man again, just as Hannah, the girl, thrust her head in to ask: "Did you order the kindlin's ?" Then he seized his pen and wrote fluently for full five minutes before he gave up his wild dream of fame, "There is no place like horns—for discomfort, annoyances, cold, hunger, and evert -land of dis- turbance on the fare of the earth, at the most in- opportune and trying moment." SOME CAPITAL THEATRICAL ANECDOTES. MIS- OELLANEOCS Gossip.—Harry Hudson, who is this season playing John Murray with the "Money Mad" Company, is an old-time actor who dates his recollections of the stage from Forrest and Edwin Adams. He has supported all the great • stars for the last 25 years and tells many an amus- ing anecdote about them. A number et years ago he was a member of a stock company in Baltimore, whea C. W. Couldock came there to pay a round of the legitimate. In " Richelieu" Mr. Hudson was cast for Louis XII. and in the fifth act was guilty of a lapse of memory which brought down torrents of wrath upon his head from the irascible Couldock. During the great scene where the king discovers the treachery of Baradas and his brother -Orleans, he rushes over to the dying cardinal and exclaims: "Live, Richelieu, live ; If not for me, for France !" " For France!" Richelieu replies, and the thought of his country seems to give him new life. On the night in question Mr. Hudsen made one of those mistakes that may happen to theinotit careful actor " Live, Richelieu, live " he exclaimed. "If not for France, for me!" Couldock turned on him like a whirlwind and shot at him a glance that was meant to transfix him. " YOU ! he roared at the top of his powerful voice: "who the devil are you ? ' A SEAMAN'S WlT.—There is a certain naval officer who has on certain occasions come very near rendering himself immortal as a wit, although those who know him best say that a sense of humour is not his most conspicuous quality. He is a carpen- ter by rank, and as such it is his duty to sound the ship's well at eight o'clock every evening and report the depth of water in Lb,: bilge. One night. when the ship was cruising near a rocky coast, the sounding rod revealed about two feet of water swashing about the bilges. The carpenter made note of the fact, and shortly after he had reported the result of his investigation the engineer started the steam pumps, and in a few minutes the ship was pumped dry. An hour or so later the ship went ashore, and in the excitement and confusion that followed, the first lieutenant found time to send a messeeger to the carpenter, ordering him to .sound the well immediately and report. The car- ' penter dropped the sounding rod into the tube, and, drawing it up again, looked in consternation at its unwet surface. " Whew :" he ejaculated, "worse than I thought." " What shah I tell the first lieutenant aaked the impatient messenger. "Never mind; I'll report in person," said the car- penter, and, climbing up the bridge where the executive was shouting orders, he solemnly im- parted the information that the ship had a big hole •stove in her bottom. "Great Scott ! is that so?" exclaimed the officer, as he countermanded an order to sew up a sail and gave another one to stand by the I:oats. "True as you live," said the car- penter. There wi ts e feet of water in the bilges just now, and she must have been stove in, for every drop run out." After this effort the car- penter's associates were quite prepared to ly-ar him tell a boat's crew one day that let wantal to " hear them all keep perfect silence."

PAM KILLER! CARTEVS LITTLE Gt.iabo,tleto-day of LIVER PUS. P2l-111Y DAVIS'S small PAIN KILLER. Pia dlre,tl7 on the I Small seat ,f PSATI Ceres Done • coil3.Cougb.s, Held. „, m aote, Arardp and ga" the Stomach, rrire Di ar rhcea,lForry thOo . S 8.11 byr..llChronleta ugar ond 2 9. Avoid I Pure./ Veget all ivi.tat'ons eador I Cure Torpid L: names. Without Fail "Vl4 KILLER' Chem:7? -

irwarto riehght fragrance to Cie breath. Ali CheuSs,!, scll it. i

. FAUi PA dt • ellsuret,l IgattlAeZ u 117-• 4 er no 9: i c Fragrant illai SOZODOii coated ohich ,l 1 yre,rhe prc ' -I •ver ~,,tytharden r aad Alt r • •

.zg%

===== 0002601_18931216_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-4-.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
"CAPITAL" CHAT.

The enormous success of the great temperance demonstration and the ezicotraging replies of §:dr W. Harcourt and Mr. Gladstone to the dePutatron have directed attention again to the Local Veto Bill. There is undoubtedly a stronger feeling •in favour of pressing Sir. W. Harcourt's bill than there was last spring and summer. The contention of ,the Alliance that the bill pure and simple will be of the greatest value as a Parliamentary acceptance 3f the principle of local option has gained ground, and titers are fewer temperance men now who argue as to the probability that the bill would not be put in operation in most parts of England. Some prefer that the third alternative, given in the Welsh and Scotch bills,of a reduction in the number,of licensed premises should be inserted:hi the English bill as a provision likely to have immediate practical results and consider that with the eating-house clause the Veto Bill will be too easily evaded. But generally opinion gathers strength that it will be well to pass ' the bill through the Commons before the general election

There is, however, a growing feeling that there is a special danger in any such legislation if it does not at the same time deal with the urgent question of clubs. In every industrial district working men's clubs, so called, ate springing up like mushrooms, and only a small fraction of the number can be classed as" bogus 'clubs. At these working men's clubs in many towns liquor is sold and consumed or carried away at any hour of the night and through- out Sunday. It is not only the " bogus" clubs run by individuals, but also bona-fide combinations of working men, which thus evade the restrictions of hours under the Licensing Acts. It is argued that the moment there is a prospect even of local option being carried out these clubs will still further multiply, and reform be made impossible. It is not unlikely, , therefore, that .this question -will be brought to the fore by private members next ses- sion in the interests of temperance.

Louis Kossuth, the Hungarian patriot, quickly acquired a wonderful command of the English language, as was shown by his public speeches dur- ing his celebrated tour in this country. Sometimes however, he was at a loss for a right word. Once he spoke of "taking time by the air,' an noticing d smile going around, turned mutely to a gentleman on the platform behind him, and he suggested " by the forelock." Another instance is recalled by the "Boston Transcript:' Speaking at Concord, Mass., Kossuth wished to express the figure of the Aus- trian eagle rending the young freedomof .Hungary. The word escaped him. Stopping for a moment in the full flight of eloquence, he asked a matter-of- fact American who sat near bim, " What you say when man tear his coat ? " " Hole," was the reply. That word did not satisfy him, and Ralph Waldo Emerson, who had overheard the question, whis- pered, "rent," with poetic sympathy for euphony, and the stately sweep of the sentence was coin- , pleted.

M. Casimir-Perier, the new French Premier,is the kind of man who may dazzle the imaginations of susceptible French politicians. He domes from a family of statesmen—his grandfather was Prime Minister for a short time in the reign of Louis ' Philippe, and his father filled the office of Minister of the Interior under Thiers ; be has the reputation of being as. wealthy as Crcesus ; he is magnificent in his hospitality ; and he'is known to be a hero. In the Franco-German War he was a captain of Mobiles. During a hot fight his chief was shot down; and young Casimir-Feder daringly dashed forward and rescued the betty from under a storm of shots, lie was decorated for his gallantry. Thht decoration has gained him many electoral victo- ries. _

Gal•saii The organ of Anarchism in England is "Freedom." It could hardly be described as a flourishing news- paper property. The price is a penny, and it is only published once a month. Naturally it does not attract advertisers, and, in fact, not a single adver- tisement appears in it. In all probability the profits do not represent an appreciable percentage on the exceedingly small expenditure. Nevertheless this tiny sheet is rather interesting. It is edited, pub- lished, and almost, or perhaps quite, entirely written by a gentle, refined, and cultured lan ~once a Newnham student, whose friends would find it impossible to imagine any cruelty or brutality in her nature. Obviously this lady is entirel?puzzled by the recent Anarchist outrages. In the current number of her paper she discusses the question of homicidal outrages by those whom she affects to represent. She says that Anarchists " attach a peculiar sanctity to human life," and also look " with sheer horror upon every destruction, every mutilation of a human being, physical or moral." But "the conscientious Anarchist " has Parlia- mentary agitation barred to him. She then, how- ever, asks whether homicide is" the necessary anti- thesis "to the usual means of agitation. Here the lady becomes vague. She recalled the outrages of the Italian, Irish, and Russian revolutionists, and suggests that human beings may be "goaded and driven by sheer desperation into conduct obviously viobnitly opposed to their social instincts." This nonsense apparently satisfies the writer, or she pre- tends that it does so.

The Labour Commission sat eight hours on Tues- day, with a brief break of half an hour for luncheon. The Duke of Devonshire presided, and there were twenty-two members in attendance. The sitting was altogether occupied with the consideration of the review of the evieence as drawn •up by the secretary. Before the sitting a private exchange of views to,,k place between the Labour members, with the result that the intention was abandoned of challenging the construction of the report, and it was agreed instead to criticise the secretary's dralt as submitted, with the view of presenting a minority report embodying their separate views ow specific points. The recommendations to be drafted by the chairman were not forthcoming on Tues- day, and until tney are submitted the Labour re- presentatives will withhold their own views. This course was suggested by Mr. Tom Mann, as enabling them better to formulate other recommendations. • The Commission adjourned at its rising to the 22nd of January, when the chairman's recommendations should be submitted. The report cannot now ap- pear before Easter next.

Mr. Gladstone looked very feeble on Wednesday on his arrival in London. He has not been able to take his usual outdoor exercise at Brighton owing to the stormy weather, and although be has quite recovered from his recent bilious attack he is not at all strong. He still takes very much to heart Sir Andrew Clark's death, and also the suicide of his valet Outram, who, it is now known, was under re- straint, owing to the advice of Mrs. Gladstone, for a month previous to his disappearance. Yet Mr. Gladstone has all the fire of an old man's energy, and will ,meet what is left by influenza of the Cabliet in Downing-street to consider the naval ' question, flung by the Opposition as a red herring across the path. That he is not to be hurried into anything like a heroic naval programme 1 am told is certain, but there is to be shipbuilding, steady and ' sure, though not of the panic order.

At the meeting, on Wednesday, of the Labour Commission it became more evident than ever that a strong minority report is inevitable. The Duke of Devonshire does not seem to have secured the confidence of the advanced members of the Com- mission, and the fact that he is entirely in the hands of Mr. Drage, the secretary, who is suspected of reactionary tendencies, does not help to improve matters. Mr. Tom Mann, Mr. Tait, and Mr. Austin are among those who are opposed to the lines sug- gested for the drafting of the final report.

The Freedom Group of Anarchists—the most res- ponsible of all the groups into which English An- archism is divid 11—has now, I learn, declared em- phatically against homicidal outrage as an instru- ment of Anarchist propaganda. In fact. it has laid it down that the man who would commit murder in cold blood, no matter what the circumstances, is a homicidal maniac ; further,that to inspire another to commit a murder is a crime. These views will, it may easily be understood, scarcely be acceptable ,to all the groups, more particularly to those with which the foreign element is associated. It is be- lieved, however, that the policy thus declared must make way, and its authors are intent on pushing it by lectures to be given at all the Anaraists resorts here.

Th., Royal Laundressei say Critchley's " STARCH GLOB"' is unequalled for Imparting a beautiful finish to starched hnen, &c., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr. —, Corn- wall, says :—" My wife will not finish our linen without your "Starch Gloss.'" Prom Mrs.—, Bradford : "Dear sit lam pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold At Id., 3d., and ed., ,by .-ost starch selle.s. If not in stock will procure it,, T. CRITCHLRY, Bi.ockburn. P:oprietor.—Adst.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
I_

THE EXAMINER. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1893. LADIES' LETTER;

14 DEAREST NELLIE, The most charming colours are in fashion this winter for young girls, who no longer seem to think it necessary to appear only in white. White satin, however, is worn by them before the hour in Iwhich they stand lit the hymeneal altar, and a lovely gcwn is of white satin worked in gold thpsad, with turquoise stones at intervals and lauds of beaver fur, the sleeves being of jurquoise blue satin. This gown for an older married woman might be made in violet ve vet, intermixed with the eagle turquoise blue, the blue satin being introduced underneath the gold and the fur at the hem. It has elements of most of the novelties of this season's the evening gowns, such as the flow of drapery at the foot produced by the upper skirt being slashed to show the frill ; the pleated basque, the stiff straight bodice, the puffed sleeve, and the cape which falls rather at the side of the sleeve, than over the puff. These points are all elegant, new, and becoming ; and while the style is simple, it admits of the richest ornamentation.

Amongst the prettiest of the prey iashions in seasonable head-dress is a lovely toque made in shot miroir velvet in a lovely shade of heliotrope. The hat is smartly trimmed with sable.coloured ostrich feathers, brush aigrettes to correspond, and small sable tails most artistically arranged.

When you are judging black silk pull out a thread of the filling an ascertain if it is strong. If it stands the test, then rub one corner of the silk in the hands as though washing it. After this operation, if it be good silk, it will, upon being brushed out, look as smooth as ever. If on hold. ing it up to the light and looking through it, you see no traces of the rubbing, be sure the silk is good. The warp and filling of a good piece of BM does not differ much in size; should it differ, ths silk will not wear well. If you choose a figured silk, let the figure be small and well woven' else it will soon become frayed and have a Bhabb3 appearance.

A short cape, but sufficiently long tot hide the waist and to keep the lower arms warm and cosy, is lined with fur. The best part of the liaing of an old—or half-worn—fur cloak would be just the thing for the purpose. The model is of cherry red cloth, edged and trimmed with chinchilla, but astrachan would do equally well, and be more economical wear, as chinchilla though becoming and exceedingly fashionable, is nevertheless a very delicate fur and one quite unfit for daily use. Being so small, the above cape should be made in a bright shade. Scarlet serge would look delightful for skating and country wear, but would be.hardly suitable for towns. Artificial flowers are now worn on evening gowns, placed as if they were growing at the side of the skirt, but nearly always intermixed with ribbons. They are introduced with a lavish hand, large bunches, and large trails having the pre- ference, and only the most perfectly natural flowers are now used. In Paris, one bloom with leaves tied with ribbon is placed at the side of the bodice, and the same flower with leaves falling on either side, a bow of ribbon in the centre, is a moss fashionable sort of aigrette; but then French women dress their hair so that these spiral ribbons nestle in among the curls or coils. We in Englana seera to prefer a rouleau of velvet or ribbon with a bow in the centre and upstanding ends like ear,. among which the jewels are interspersed.

Amongst the wedding dressing I saw recently, very prettily trimmed were the bodices, with folds of velvet narrowed into the waist, alternating with soft frills of lace, lace edging the décolletage, while the back of the bodice showed a novelty in a. fully pleated basque terminating on each hip and made of mature velvet.

The festive season is now close upon us, and you are doubtless racking your brains for ideas, and your scrapbags for pretty remnants, wherewith to make presents, and I thiuk a few hints on the sub- ject of inexpensive trifles may be useful. A novelty which looks attractive hung on a tree is the Christmas boll cushion. To make this, two pieces of stout cardboard must be carefully cut in the shape of a bell (the size depends on the amount of material at hand to cover the cushion), and one piece is plainly covered with silk, satin, or even sateen, this being for the back, the front section, which is similarly covered, rtquiring a slight padding with cotton-wool or coarse flannel to give it a rounded appearance. The two sections are then neatly oversewn together ; but before the join is complete, a bit uf narrow riobon is inserted at the top of the belt, and at the bottom a large bead is attached to a bit of flue co d, and fastened. so as to represent the tongue or clapper. Pins those with coloured glass heads look prettiest—are stuck all round between the two attetions of card, and the pincushion is faesteued by the piece of rib- bon at the top to a cross bar of card covered to match the bell, on which a UONY of ribbon and a loop to suspend the cushion are as .10. This cushion can be ornamented in various ways ; covered with white satin, and painted with a spray of holly, it looks very pretty, or "A Glad Yule,' or some similar greeting, may be painted or worked on it, or it may be embroidered with the monogram or initial of the person to whom it is given.

Yours lovingly, JENNIE.

Lady Salisbury had three eucalyptus plants in her room after Lord Salisbury had influenza, and no one took any infection. - •

The Belfast papers announce the deaths of two women named Watson and McGee. aged respectively one hun- dred and four and one hundred and six years. "

A society has been formed in China, called the "Heavenly Foot Society," which is attempting a crusade against the inhuman practice of binding the feet of women.

It is, quite the thing kr smart Society women to play at shop-keeping nowadays. There is Mrs. Franklin, whose nom de comtnerce is Madame Vera, and Mrs. Menzies, who trades under the name of Madame Marion. Mrs. Charles Pen boldly displays her own name over the dooe of her establishment ; and Lady Granville Gordon is professionally known as Mdme. Lierra. The Bishop of Wakefield, in opening an art exhibition in BuCkingham Palace-road, ,congratulated the ladies ' ilpressent on having discarded the fashion of heaping up theie hair like a Tower of Babel, and having reverted to the more artistic Grecian style of wearing the hair low down upon the neck. With regard to ladies' dress, the prevalent shoulder shapes suggested that they were cul- tivating-wings. A writer in a magazine speaks highly in praise of the_ Maoris. The women, he says, are a potent, factor, in island life, and must not be forgotten. Liquid dark eyes, soft voices, affectionate and merry dispdsitions, light brown skins of ivory smoothness, and gracefulness in every movement, are their most striking characteris- tics. The men add women are graceful, it is said, ' because of the prevalence of dancing and bathing. In these supersensitive days,remarks,Mr.Vincent in his life of the Duke of Clarence, only the sons of men of high rank are subject to wholesome discipline. Thus a peer at Eton or Winchester may be, and sometimes is, flogged with a severity which, if shown by a Board schoolmas- ter to 'an artisan's son, would be followed by a scene in a police court. So much is this the case that the Bishop of Chester observel not long ago that the privilege of being flogged in youth was being confined to the rich. Lady Brooke, now Countess of Warwick, is probably one of the best known society women of the period. She is beautiful and has gracious wanness. Lady Brooke is a splendid huntswoman. She. hunts in pink, and as she is invariably splendidly mounted and rides as straight as a die, she is generally the most conspicuous figure in the field._ Lady Brooke is an enthusiastic horticulturist, and she possesses a knowledge of the subject which many a gardener might envy.

Lime and Lime-water. , The uses of so homely an article as lime about the household are almost innumerable—just the ordinary lime that one sees the plasteryr and bricklayer ure in preparing his pacts of 'plastei• or mortar. Even when reduced to an almost ianpalpablesolutin in water, it is still efficacious in a remarkable variety of instances. One sees the hodrnen on a new building keep their drink ing water in a pail that is coated with lime, and one thinks that it is a poor receptacle for the universal bev- erage. Yet it'would not be so good or so pure served in a silver ice-pitcher. The lime-water of the druggists is indeed nothing more than this solution of the hodmen. A piece of unslacked • lime in a perfectly clean bottle, with cold water poured nver it, tlte bottle corked and kept in a cool, dark place, is a full recipe for lime-water It is ready for use. in a few 'moments after the water is poured on. This lime-water; has a number of uses,' as well as the lime,, itself. A spoonful of it in a cupful of milk is a remedy for the summer complaint common to childreu. It is admirable for cleansing nursing bottles. It corrects acidity of the stomach. It will prevent the , "turning "of milk or cream, and a cupful added to bread 'sponge will keep it from souring. Allowed to ; evaporate troinat vessel over the stove, its steam proves a.wonderful alleviation for the distresses due to lung fever, croup or diphtheric ailment. • It will sweeten and,' purify bottles, jugs, kc., and lastly, a few spoonfuls of it poured on potted plants will rid them very effectually of pot worms. Lime itself, as every one knows, is Inval- uable as a purifier and disinfectant. Sprinkled in cellars or closets where there is a slight dampness, it will not only serve as a purifier, but it is a valuable preventive against the invasion of noxious animals. In greater cases, suchAs the disinfection of vessels and hospitals, it is recognised as a chief agent. It is one of thc notable instances of the economy and bounty of nature that this article, so cheap and common is serviceable in so many Instances.

Christmas Plum Pudding. " The Table" gives the following, amongst other I ' original recipes, for making a plum pudding for twelve ; persons :—One pound of finely grated bread crumbs; one pound of muscatel raisins, stoned and halved ; one pound of best currants, waslud, picked, and dried; one pound of sugar, pure cane; three-quarters of a pound of beef suet.eboppecl fine; two ounces of each of orange, lemon, and citron peel,cut in nice strips ; two ounces of almonds, chopped fine ; a saltspoon of salt, and a little nutmeg ; mix these together. Whisk five eggs,to which add two dessert•spoons of brandy, mix altogether, and put into a buttered mould or basin and tie with a cloth; if not mdist enough add a little treacle, boil or steam for four hours, and put away for a week or two, then boil or steam foi two hours more. I prefer them steamed, as they retain their flavour better and eat much lighter. —Five eggs, two ounces of flour, quarter of a pound of bread crumbs, half a pound of suet, six ounces of moist sugar, half a pound of currants, half a pound of raisins (stoned), quarter of a pound of chopped mixed peel, quarter of a pound of mixed crystallised fruits chopped, quarter of a pound of almonds cut in strips, quarter of a pint of brandy, quarter of a pint of sherry, one salt spoonful of grated nutmeg, half a saltspoonful of salt. Mix all thoroughly together, pour into mould, and boil for nine h.tirs. Keep about a month, and boil again for two hours when required for use. For Christmas turn out, put a piece of frosted holly on the top, pour brandy over,and set on fire.—One pound of chopped beef suet, three-quarters of a pound of stoned raisias, three- qua' ters of a pound of cleaned and picked currants,half a pound :.•.f fine flour, half a pound of breadcrumbs, quarter of a pound of moist sugar, quarter ot a. pound of cliopped Apples, quarter of a pound of chopped mixed candied peel, one teaspoonful of mixed spice, the.grated rind of three lemons, four whole eggs, half a pint of sweet ale, and a glass of brandy. Mix altogether and steam in a basin or plain mould for five hours. When the podding is dished pour a small glass of brandy over it and send it to table burning. Also serve iced brandy butter in a boat.

To stare at a pretty girl is an insult; to stare at a homely one is a compliment.

AFTER a woman passes a certain age she would as soon get married on Friday as on any other day.

30NES—" My wire-t TOUT ffer from alternate insomnia! Brown—" Alternate insomnia! What Is that ? " "Whichever gets to sleep first keeps the other awake all night." CENSURE and criticism never hurt; they are IV:- deserved, or if deserved they are beneficial. This is very well in theory; but try the theory on somebody and wait for the result—or rather don't wait.

WICKED GIET..—" Oh, my own precious Maud, give me one spray of your shining hair, that I may wear it next to my heart," said ho.—" No, sir. Ha ir costa mow" T won't rive it away." said she. INENcit Canadian posts his wife in the Se. John's News, in the following words :—" Ma nam Peter Rouvill—ma wife he leave ma haus and shant ax me. Any man dat trus him on ma nam, dat'a loss for rou.

T EA S

I' NE PAIII

, _ i 4,/ ' 1.!1...1 414f' ;104 ,S;4l' \1- I,f , fit?) i '-'•0 ji'. i' i ' ':--).' .' ' "li 4 vo( -- - in

• . . tor; ,1 r , ( , / ~. 1 1 11. ~........., ~ ,

.9". ft-IM' \ ; , trOb . vio .:,.. , 1 f., ...i-' ,'• f/ , / 4/ ,\l4, .'ff - *r"'"'flur , , , i " 1 f , \ , i ' // - I i' I . ,;:--', ''.'(.. ''''.; ' , / ..:.' '. . ....%1 1 I. ,--:: I . \ -,Z..3. cl a._ -

1)oc.) or) es es e, ej'ea , ~.. 7ki r.n.. \ 4io \\ t:',";\ •• pfT7itif ../, .4, 11'1 ti:A. tik . t q4L'Il 1! Z 4). , •'. 7 1:P07. ' 1 .•;11 74 ' sbsiad ,- ~,, ,-,` '••,, • - • '••l*,' • • .;,' end 'N.,:' . - .- • : :i:? tbe Qvahir , TEA ‘5 uprovalled

... _ .... ----_-----_, 7,.:--'---"------_____...-------- ........4,-,:r,i1..i.1,:r.,.......„..., ........0-,,,,,,- --"--,7,g1e11iii.e..,.,;?-, --7:---_______------------,-- 44.4101.141?-175,1,_ - --_----__----":".- -- .. ---- ts 4 ,i,l-.,:i.gt,,,,,, ,•:,,,,i,..,,,,,.:,, :it.. ~,,,,.,,.„,..,,,,.„-.. , ~ milriii, , , ,11, ~1 c • \ „4, N,‘ .0 , , At '"i'" "''' ' 1. , ~, ,•,,,iv , ~ .. , ~ 'l' '' ' 'A( ' I.\\*' r •'' I ( 1 i 1,1, Iraq.: II Ilt lil tl 1 ''ll..Atni—ciNG,=ll. °III ‘ 1 E"E:L•01 A r:1" -", PA i - .. cHAV, 21 I

===== 0002601_18931216_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
PARTED BY FATE;

OR THE MYSTERY OF BLACK-TOR LIGHTHOUSE.

BY LAITEA JEAN LIBBEY,

Author of " lone, the Pride of the Mill," &c., &O.

CHAPTER XXI. THE FATAL SECRET THAT SHADOWED 17LDENE'S YOUNG LIFE. This was Tuesday. The stranger would not find out the name of the beautiful girl whose face had attracted him until Thursday. How could he re- strain his impatience until that time? the stranger asked himself as he paced up and down his room in the hotel in the greatest of excitement. "The face is so fatally like, she must be her child," he muttered, his face darkening and his eyes flaching. "I remember it was a girl." He turned from the window, again pacing the room with hurried strides, as if to keep pace with his thoughts. One could see at a glance that he was a foreigner —evidently a Frenchman—a tall, dark, handsome man, with a proud, resolute face, which wore at all times an aspect of almost fierceness. It was a face that was seared with a story, as though it had been burned there with hot irons. There were great Ibles of horrible pain around the restless, dark eyeas,which the brooding shadows never left, that told'of sleepless nights and wretched days. "The eighteen years is almost up,' he muttered, with a bitter imprecation: "and so help me Heaven, when the time is come I shall nlaz the whole story to the world 1 Oh, Uldeue ? Uldene !" he cried, "you might have made a friend of me, but you chose to make me your bitterest enemy I How dared you allow your child to marry, though she were as beautiful as an houri I • Ah, you knew why she should not, yet you did not warn her. "She must part from the man she has wedded, as you, before her, were parted from your love. Yes, she must put the whole world between herself and the man she loves, if she would escape the fatal curse of the daughters of her race." Early on Thursday morning the stranger pre- sented himself at the academy, and received the desired information. The lady's name was Mrs. Uldene Chester, and she lived at No. A— Avenue. "Uldene !" he muttered as he turned away. "Ah ! I was not mistaken, then. It is her child! It must be! The name is not a common one. And her face I Ah I who could not trace a resemblance In the girl's dark face"? It maddened me as I looked at it--set my brain and my heart on fire. "How was he to gain an interview with this girl?" he asked himself, as he stood motionless before the number indicated, and looked keenly at the house far back on the green, slowing lawn. Opening the gate noi,selessly, he entered the grounds, made a circuit of them, finding hinisvlf In the beautiful flower garden at the rear of the house. It was not an enviable position if he were to be detected there by any of the servants. Still he was one of the coolest and most daring of men. He would be equal to the emergency. While he was planning a way to the furtherance of his object, fate favoured him unexpectedly. He saw the side door that opened out upon a porch suddenly open, and a slender, graceful figure emerge from it, cross the porch, and stroll (town into the grounds. Unconsciously fate guided her footsteps in the very path that led to the spot where the stranger stood, well concealed by the shadows of the rose arbour. It was Uldene. How wondrously beautiful she looked in the bright glow of the moonlight. She was robed in a dress of soft, clinging, fleecy white, with dark red roses on her breast, and roses in her dark, curling hair. Diamonds glittered in the pretty, pink, shell-like ears, on the white bands, and ran like a river of glittering Pre around the white, perfect throat ; but they could not outshine the glittering splendour of the starry eyes that sought the dark night sky so wistfully as she walked slowly along. "How foolish I am to give way to nervous fears and presentiments," she cried, half aloud. "I will forget the dark, haunting face that has made even my dreams horrible. Why should not Ihe happy? I hitve Retledge's love, why should I not be happy, I ask myselt again? I do not believe' the bitterly cruel story Mark Set ton wrote to Rut- ledge's mother. I am almost eighteen, and the fate that was predicted has not overtaken me—no sword has fallen upon my head." The moonlight lay white and silvery on the dew- steeped flowers; the night wind stirred the leaves of the roses, and their odour seemed to float around her and enfold her. There was no sound save the twittering of the birds as they sought their nests in the popular trees ; nothing else broke in upon the sweet broodisg silence of the night. And in that fatal hour, when the birds twittered, the moonlight fell peacefully on the roses, and the light of Heaven seemed fairest, beautiful, hapless Uldene's doom fell upon her. A dark shadow fell over the scarlet blooms, looming up darkly between her and the moonlight; and glancing sip, with a low cry, she beheld a man standing in the path before her. In a flash she had recognised him as the stranger she had seen in the picture gallery a few days before, and whose face, waking or sleeping, had been before her ever since. "Hush "he cried, springing forward. "Make no outcry, as you value your peace and safety— aye, your very life !lam no robber—no intruder; I have been searching the earth over for you for- nearly eighteen years, and I have found you—at last Uldene." She recoiled in anger and dismay too great for words. Who was this man who dared address her I thus familiarly? Who was this stranger who forced himself into these grounds to accost her? She raised her voice to call the servants to her assistance that they might summarily eject him, but he anticipated the movement, and caught her white arm in a clasp that made her wince with pain. "You would rue it to the day of your death, girl, if you were to summon your servants, or per- haps your husbantl here, and they should hear what I have to say to you. Your ears, and yours alone, must hear what I have to tell." "You are certainly a madman," cried Uldene, indignantly, struggling to flee herself from the strong, steel-like clasp that held her white arm fast. "You shall judge of that later on," he said, quietly, adding, with an intense bitterness that quite frightened her: "Your mother made a relentless foe of me in years gone by; see that you do not do the same, for I otn crush you, or save you from a fate more bitter than death, if I so will it." The words he uttered held her spell-bound. They froze the piercing cry on her lips, made her reel dizzily forward, like one about to swoon. She would have fallen but for that steel-like clasp that never loosened its hold of her white arm for a single instant. Quickly, and in a low, hoarse voice, he began his story —the startling revelation which was to burn its way to her brain, and cause her to cry out to Heaven for mercy, or death. An hour passed. A horrible hour that had been counted by the girl's spasmodic heart-throbs as she listened to one of the bitterest, cruellest revelations that ever fell upon human care and broke a human heart,

===== 0002601_18931216_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR SPECIAL BLENDS

AT 1/7 AD 2/- PER LB

Delivered Free by our own Vans In Warrington.

Widnes, Leigh, Atherton. Tyldesley, and

Districts.

Write for Samples and particulars to

THOMAS JONES AND CO., !LIMITED.

9, PARKER STREET

LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
t

Long since the stranger had loosened his hold of He could not understand then, but he knew but her, but she did not attempt to fly. She stood , too well afterward, why she shrank back in his before him with bated breath, scarcely breathing, arms, clinging to him, weeping, and kissing him lest she might lose a word that fell from his lips, by turns, clasping her white arms so tightly, so At length he concluded the horrible recital, and piteously, about him, yet shuddering at his fond stood with folded arms before her. caresses. How could he know that while she "Now you know all," he said, calmly. " Will clun to him she was silently bidding him farewell it be necessary for this story to be repeated to lin- ever your husband, or will you quietly accept the alter- "You are not well, darling," he said, anxiously. native?' "You are almost hcsterically nervous. You have With a piteous cry, poor, hapless Uldene, the been exerting yourself too much to entertain child of cruel, sportive fare, cast herself on her lately. Such a round of gaieties, parties, balls, knees at the stranger's feet, crying out that the rides, receptions every day without cessation is sorrow that had falren upon her was too great to beginning to tell upon you. Go to your room and bear, and begging Heaven to let her die and end it rest, dear. I will look in, in the course of an hour, all, and see how you are. Your face is white as death, "Rutledge must never know it," she sobbed, in and your ,hands are burning hot. If this state of wild, piteous entreaty. "He would turn from me affairs continues, I shall call in a doctor." in abhorrence and loathing, and that would be A doctor! Ah, who could "minister to a mind more cruet than death to endure. Oh, I never diseased ?" dreamed that anything like this hung over my She knew, poor soul, that she must part with hapless, miserable head. Oil, it would have been him while her strength lasted. better if my love had died in the hour he was Slowly she unwound her white arms from his to have made me his bride than married neck, and turned from him, stifling the bitter cry me. It was monstrous, inhuman that I did Lot that rose to her lips. She dared not look into his know—that I could not have been warned; aml, face again, lest her courage should fail her. Slowly oh, the pity of it, the pity of it ! I love him a she turned, and with an unsteady step ascended thousand times better than my poor, miserable the stairs. life." Nanon, her maid, was in her boudoir, stitching "You forget that your mother fled with you away at a marvellous ball dress of rose pink satin . when you were a little child," interposed the and seed pearls that she was to wear at a grand stranger. "I could not find you. You say she ball on the following evening. died, just on the point of revealing some terrible "Put it away, Nanon, and leave me," said mystery. How, then, could you have been Uldene. "I want to he alone. See that no one warned 7" disturbs me, Nanon," she went on, piteously. Something like pity stirred the man's heart as When the girl reached the door she called her he looked down into that beautiful, agonised face back, upturned to the light of the pitying moon. "Come in in an hour from now, Nanon," she "On, how can I part with Rutledge when I wh spered, with pale lips, "and on the table love him so?" she moaned, stretching out her yonder yott will find a sealed letter, addressed white arms to the night stars. "How could to my husband. Take it to him with your own I live the long years while my life lasted, hands. Let no one know. You will do this, watching the summer suns and the winter snows Nanon 1" come and go, and know that I must see him g' Yes, my lady," answered the girl, courtesying no more? Oh, I could never dolt! No, no, no, I and wondering at the strange request, "it shall be could not !" , done as you wish." "For his sake, if you love him, you will go, even The girl looked back wistfully as she reached the though it breaks your heart. You know what door, and as she saw that lovely despairing face the future will bring to you. Oh, unfortunate then she saw it never again in this life. • daughter of an unfortunate race, you cannot escape Left to herself, Uldene rose swiftly and turned your doom any more than your ancestors could, the key in the lock. No one must interrupt her for long generations before you. You dare nob while she was writing that pitiful letter to Rut- defy fate. If you persist in clinging to him, I ledge. must warn him—you can see for yourself that I She went to her writing-desk, opened it, and must—let the consequences be what they may. I drew forth a sheet of paper. For the next twenty shall give you one hour to decide, Uldene. althourth minutes the silence of death filled the room, broken under the circumstances you should not hesitate a only by the swift whirr of the pen on the white moment, paper and the slow ticking of the clock on the "An hour from now I shall come to this mantel. spot, and you shall tell me your decision. If It was not a long letter, and it was blotted by you are not here, I shall go to the house, late as burning, bitter tears. These are the words he was the hour is, and call for your husband. You know to read: but too well what the result of that interview will " RUTLEDGE When your eyes rest upon these lines be. I have no more to say." I shall be far away. lam leaving you wilfully and de Without another word he turned and left her. liberately; and, oh, my darling, I cannot tell you why! Uldene fell with a cry so bitter that it startled Think of me as you will. Our marriage was a bitter even the sleeping birds in the trees. The moon- moiastratkite.hayenaevveenr lbconeouwosolnswuimshtufarotrend.thel buorattolof omyt n light fell over her as she lay there in the long, of your life quietly Rutledge. It will be wogrse g uthan green, dew-wet grass; the summer wind swept useless to search for me. You will never find me. over her, dying away among the trees as though it Never! knew, and could understand, that among the "Believe me false, if ybu will—cruelly false. Per- odourous roses a human heart was breaking, and haps that will make the blow lam dealing you easier some one was praying for the sweet boon of death to bear. Fate has parted us, Rutledge. to end it all. "There is no pardon, no mercy for me for what I An hour later the moon, that in all its rounds have done. There is none on earth. There is none, has witnessed so many pitiful tragedies, was perhaps, in Heaven. I expect none. still shining, the earth lay green and still, the Do not quite hate my memory, Rutledge, for I cannot bear that. Remember it was fate that parted birds were in their nests, the flowers were asleep, us. When I clung to you to-night with tears and the great boughs were still, and again the kisses, L was bidding you a silent, eternal farewell." dark-browed stranger came slowly up the broad. She dared not write one word of the great love pebbled, flower-bordered path, keeping well in the that was blistering her heart—no, not one word— shadow of the trees, for her heart would break over it. Time, too, was He stood still and motionless, flying, swift-winged, past her. A cry of horror "She is not here," he said to himself. broke from her lips, for, glancing at the gilded Almost an hour he waited. There was no sound clock, she saw her hour of respite was nearly up. of footsteps, no shadow of a figure. Folding and sealing the letter, she placed it on "Like her wilful, desperate, fatally beautiful the table, covering it with passionate kisses ; for mother' she has brought down her fate on her own it was to rest in his hands; his eyes were to read head," he said, grimly, walking swiftly up the path what she had written—this love of her heart whom that led to the hoee. she was bidding farewell and from whom fate had parted her. "It is God's retribution that has fallen upon me l" she wailed, as she threw off the pretty white mull dress, and donned a heavy travelling one. "In my mad folly, thinking Heaven would pardon me, I took him from Verlie ; and now God has, in turn, -taken him from me." With a sob, she fastened the long, dark cloak about her, and threw a dark veil over her agonised face. Then, without one glance behind her, she fled from the room and out of the house. As she crossed the vestibule she saw her mortal foe advancing up the broad marble steps that led to the porsh. He saw her and drew back into the shadows waiting until she had come up to him. "You have decided wisely and well, Mena; he said, glancing at her dress. "You are willing to part from him for ever." "Willing I" she cried, in a low voice of intense anguish. "Oh, God, no! But lam jorced to pirt . with him. And you know it 1 lam going, but my wrenched, bleeding heart I will leave with him. If suicide were not a crime, I would kill myself with my own hand here and now, rather than go with you!" (To be continued.)

CHAPTER XXII. "CRUEL FATE HAS PARTED US, DARLING." " I know that the sentence of death is written

Against our love by the hand of fate; I know all the joy of our lives is smitten, A deadly blow by the direst hate; "But my heart rebels with fiercest passion; It will not submit to their stern decree; Love cannot be slain in mutErrous fashion; Like a giant, it struggles for mastery. " Though they bury it deep in their deadly malice, Crushing out, as they think, its latest breath, Yet, with strength renewed, as from blood-fille

- , chalice, - It will rise to prove that love knows no death. "If love is a clime—a sinful passion— Why, then should a God so good and wise Have moulded our hearts in such wondrous fashion That nothing but love e'er satisfies?

" If it be a sin, and only repenting And firmly forsaking brings pardon divine, Then my soul must be doomed to woes unrelenting, For no change can e'er come to a love such as mine !" The death-like swoon into which Uldene had fallen was of short duration; with a shock, memory returned to her. She sprang to her feet with as bitter a cry as ever fell from mortal lips, and gazed fearfully around her. Her enemy was not there; but within the hour she knew he would return for his answer; nothing could prevent that. And then—ah, God help her / She dared not think what would happen then. An hour! She had an hour's respite. What might not be accomplished in that length of time! Ships had been wrecked, yet whole crews had been saved in half that length of time; floods had covered whole villages, but in the hour the water was rising the people had fled to the hills and saved themselves. Whole cities had been swept by flames, and the people had saved themselves in the first hour the alarming warning had been given. Why sholild she not make the most desperate effort of her life to save herself in this fatal hour? Alti if she could put the whole world between herself and her merciless foe—flying, not alone, bat defying fate itself by taking Rutledge with her ! "Oh, my love, my love," she moaned, "in spite of all, how am I to part from you?" If it were left for her to decide, her great, passionate, blind love would influence her. She stood in the long, dew-wet grass, holding out her little white hands to the stariemmed sky ; and only heaven knew the struggle that was going OD in her soul, for she knew there would come a day when the curse of God would fall upon her, as it had fallen upon every daughter of her fated race, if, after this warning, she did not part at once and forever from her love ere it was too late. "Oh, God, teach me how I am to give up my love whom I love so well I" moaned Uldene. "Oh, white clouds 1" she cried, "choose for me! I ask you to decide a human life—a human soul to-night. If yonder fleecy clouds obscure the face of the moon as they pass, I solemly pledge to you that within the hour I will part from my heart's love, mAking no moan, though it will be the bitterness of death for me. If, on the other hand, yonder clouds sail by, and no shadow drifts over the moon, I will cling to Rutledge's lover, defying fate itself. I pledge myself to Heaven that those white clouds shall decide for weal or woe, for joy or the cold. nese and darkness of despair." Never in this world was there a more piteous look than the beautiful young face turned upward to the moonlit, star-gemmed sky, and the white clouds that were to decide either life or death for her. She knelt down in the dew-wet grass, with her ice-cold hands clasped over her heart, piteously watehing the white clouds. Nearer—nearer they approached the great white light. Uldene caught her breath in a panting gasp. Did the angels realise her woe? Would they intercede for her, begging that mercy might be shown her? She was so young, and she loved him so. One instant more, and they would decide her future. That instant seemed the length of eternity. Nearer, nearer they approached the soft, bright, silvery orb, and as she watched them, slowly but surely they obscured it. Ah, yes ! it was heaven's solemn warning to her that she must part from her love, if she would save him. In that moment the girl turned away with the bitterness of death in her heart, and passed slowly up the lilac grove, sweet with the breath of purple, tossing plumes, to the house. She had thought to gain her own room without being observed; but this was not to be. In the corridor she came face to face with Rutledge. "I was just about starting out through the grounds in search of you, dear," he said. ' What were you doing out among the roses so long ?" He started abruptly as he saw her face. It was as white as marble, and the large, dark eyes had in them a hunted look, dazed by tenor. "Uldene 1" he cried, spring to her aide, and throwing his strong is about the slender, sway- ing figure, "what s the unttter, deer? Are you 11114

Mum "adieu" about nothing—The parting of young ladies at the corners. . "HOW was your son when you heard from him last ?" •'' He wrote me that he was so ill that he could neither sit nor stand:" Then if he tells the truth he must lie." DAIRYMAN'S SON: "Say, ma, a mouse has Mlle% Into the milk." His mother : "Did you take it mitt" Boy r "No, I have thrown the cat in." Siwriwrics show that four men in every sii use tobacco, but what show is that three out of everf Sour of them try to borrow most of it from their •.tafriends. '''s the matter wi' ye, Donald?" said & friend meeting Donald, greeting bitterly. " 011,, says Donald, "Sandy Fraser's wife's dead.' "An' what gars ye greet because Sandy Fraser's wife's dead ? " " Oh," replied Donald with t‘ despairni howl " liodY's zettin' a chance but AIDS IttYLING YASSION.—it rrenen paper rums out that the passion for gambling is so great in England that even in weddin, rotice3 it is neeee- eary to state that there are "nc earth," in order to put a cheek upon the national tendency to gatablo on all occasions, "Joint," she said, "there's nothing I enjot more than reading the last words of great men. -!•, s - wonder what your last words will be." " Maria, he replied, "the last word is something that I never expect to have." And this was the firsl time on record that he got it. UltIN 11 tale ti pi we of coals, a gentletnan meeting his coalmer,hant, implired whether it.was , a proper time to lay in stuck? The knight of the black diamonds shOok his head, üb.,erving. " Coale • are coals now, air ' 1, which the customer replied, "1 am very glad to Inar it, for the last YOU /WO ME-IV.Sre alt " W iud do yen take me for, anyhow?" queried Chappiti, when Ethel asked him to swim out in the surf and get her parasol, which had blew,ll away. "I don't take you for anything," sal" she, "and wouldn't if VOU Dronosed a million times," • " si*. (,aitl a young lady the other day), that some Btu:lone:8 advertise blanx declarations for sale; I wish I could get one." "Why ?" asked her mother.—'' Because, ma, Mr. Green is tog modest to ask me to marry him; and, perhaps, I could fill up a blank declaration with the Question he would sign it." : Mamma, MI. Blank proposed to me last night." Society Mother: "Did Y°,.! accept him, Ethel?" "Yes, mamma." " Ifas any money Ethel?" "Only five hundred a Yeatr, mamma." Well, Ethel, handle him carefully till the spring. Possibly you may pick up something better during. the winter.,, A CANINE DILEMMA.—" What dogs are then Sandy ?" inquired a gentleman the other dolt ° a lad who was dragging a couple of waspish-100i° ing terriers along a street in Edinburgh. "I ell, :- ken, sir," replied the urchin, "they cam' WI railway, and they ate the direction, and ditUla whar to gang." #9'"

/

L

. • W.A./ :4,-

===== 0002601_18931216_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
7'l 1:.„;41 '7iti 4 .

)01 tio-y/4910C4., a. ,q TBuTuix it Ages.

( !V1 }A, E& ,)HT Ploat,mt, Cooling Aperient for Child Try them and prove their value fo So la evei ywhere in paLt4 eta, 1.. 1)-d and 14 or 34 stamps. PRITCHARP. CHEM Ciill4l4/b, 4A/i t;1 (Istet

yourael 1!t fr,Oft

usT. „. PiOrltOn Pfk.

)-,

===== 0002601_18931216_art0018.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•;

===== 0002601_18931216_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
THE JOYS OF CHRISTIIAS CAROLLING.

SOME LOCAL EXPERIENCES.

BY LITRE BLUNT.

Yes, I suppose there is a great deal of joy and happiness attached to Christmas carolling. But I have not yet quite made up my mind where the joy comes in ; although I'm inclined to think it is when the cadences of the music are mellowed by I distance, say, for instance, when the carollers are pouring out their f ull-souled happiness about ten or twenty streets away. Contrary to the assertion contained in many books on national customs—that carolling" is quite a recent institution "—I am prc- pared to say that its origin is not of quite so recent a date. But Ido not wish to take any credit for this discovery; it is riot pleasant to be flattered for every little common-place service rendered to u- Manity. I made the discovery by .picking up a book 1 in the library. It contained the announcement that Christmas carolling (said to be derived from •cantarc, to sing, and role an interjection of joy ) is of very ancient date," It further stated, on the authority of Bishop Taylor, that the " Gloria in Excelsis "hymn was the first carol ever composed, and that it" was sung by the angels to the Shep- herds at the Lord's Nativity." I never like to boast about my historical knowledge, bat 1 am prepared to prove that according to the facts quoted, carol- ling must have been in vogue some time before the Jubilee year. tly opening assertion also finds cor- roboration because the first quotation states that ',rolling is derived from rola, meaning an interjec- tion of joy. Bet it is to this Joy I wish to allu,e,

A few years ago in the unregenerate days 'EnY youth, II joined a band formed with a charitable object. As a band of musicians We may have been of doubtful quality; but "we were a decided success, the very acme of perfection, as a band of eccentric "night howlers." 'The challenge is thrown to anyone who cares to refute this. Voursubscriber was appointed treasurer. This was not because he possesses any special qual- itiesas a financier, but simply because he could •only perform on two instruments, the cymbals and the-Jews' Harp, and that it was •unnecessary for ' him to struggle with these difficult instruments. the band made obvious, by ,unkindly asserting that they were not essential to the sweetness of the performances. One night about a week before Christmas, the " institution " assembled, chiefly Hi uniform, but. I regret to add, mostly in spiritual exhileration. When d raised remonstrance about the latter characteris- tic was informed that musical .geniuses had to be so, before they could do good work. But, I 'don't believe this now—not after the Work turned out that night. We first visited houses in town, to -which.places we had thoughtfully sent post cards, informing the occupants of our intended visit. One of my duties was to knock at the door after the Performance, and to present the contribution plate. The first.place we called at was not a success. The , occupant 'interrupted us in the middle of the first carol by asking if we were the band. "We have that honour "I said, when the instru- Ments were all quiet. "Oh, well, l'm very sorry—l'd quite forgot—but I intended -sending word that it would not be con- , Nenient." I *as about to make some explanation, when the i •occupantgraciously bowing to us, said.: ".1 wish YOU a very good evening ;'' and then retired in 'doors. The scant success was not repeated at the next two places. But at the third it recurred again. ,Built almost against the wall of the house we this time 'visited, was an arbour, covered with decayed creeping,plants. Into this place we marched, and, having seated ourselves, the performance was com- menced. It occurred to me that a little vocal accompaniment would improve matters, so 1 broke out into the carol," Hark, the Herald Angel sings." •Jobson who was playing an accordion—not quite in accordance with a general wish—also joined in 'the vocal accompaniment and the shock nearly took away my breath. • His voice was just" break- 'hie and, whilst he would attack the low motes in .a dejected .sort of bass' his voice, when the high notes were reached, would fly off at the handle and •break into a discordant cackle and shriek. Pre- aently I said, with a certain tenderness of tone.: le'a`r.j.obson.l" ,But he was so engrossed he did not I •repeated, louder-"Jobson, old mac:" But Continued:: " Hark the Herald Angel sings." "I say, Jobsori" . "Glory to the ne-ow bormEi-ing." ". Doti't yeas, hear:" "Tara rar,•ta.ra rat rarra " (his substitute for !forgotten words). Look here, why the deuce don't you sing pro- Terly. Don't go and improvise both words and lime, please." " Who ! me'l ate out of But at that 'mement a window creaked. Then a 'harsh female voice broke ouG in the night air.;. '"Scats you---:" But the end of the senterce•was 'drowned in a splash ot water which rushed through the arbour on to the disconcerted instrumentaiists. !Like one man, the •whole band bounded into the Toad, It was then discovered that Timkins—evid- 'ently the greatest genius as he had imbibed•tlD- -3110st freely—had left his fiddlerin the arbour. consented to return with him. He moved aloag etealthily on his toes.; every step he took he raised tie knee almost to his chin, andtapped his arms allabing the snostaxaggerated pretence at caution': Re seemed to be imitating somer trapper he had read of, tor about every three steps he would put L ulB nger to his lips and say; "Slit Shi ! There's maybe a dog abed' ,(hio) sornewheresh." However, we succeeded in rescuing the instrument all right.

The next Tifit was to the house of a certain Rentleman in NT;altou. He had been notified by t'osteard. Maybe be was not pining to hear us; Lit still, we meant to allow him no chance to fret lh out Qur absemee. The ;route chosen, lay across r rPIeY, and over Morley Commr•n. When we "ached the centre of the latter place, someone ?Pied a iarge lantern being.conveyed slowly along Lae high road, apparently near the Brewery. It owas at once surmised that this was the Ilantern of eur oPPosients, the --land. They ,too, were ,v_idently making for the same house as ,ourselves. lat2rget who proposed it. But I remember that in monaents,we were all running at full.speed to '_'rur_ destination. Having reached the place, three ° four carol,s were hastiiy galloped through. Then otrang the _ bell; a valet came, and asked the name rf the band, and after onveying it to his c .master enturned with half a sovereign. And now (incurred ent, which, you may take my word icur it, lush as I write of. I would not narrate it vweere it not for my inherrnt habit of adhering to IleVaCity. At the instigation of someone—l hove accused, but I repel the accusation with acorn ....-11a.3 band quietly stole into the plantation. Each `"rer here turned his tunic inside out, and then we a 'fue.Aued to the house again, and galloped through ,qu W more selections. W? hen the valet again eried the name of the band, I mentioned that of ,our .91)Panents. l• B firtur;"l4; he said "you were here before wern't ,blust. started at my forehead and spread over „",4kek and even down to my feet. I said: ? Yes certainly I mean no; er that e4omeone ungenerously kicked me on the right leg). "Oh yes of.course! we were here last year." •Ife ' went inside, apparently quite jitiefied, and presently returned with our 'reward. 'The journey was then continued, one 133,ember being left behind to witness the reception C'E our opponents. When these latter, after their Perfon.mance, mentioned the name of their band the Valet said.:— " Com ago!" e. comet You were hare only five minutes "Oh no. You're mistaken." "I'm not, so don't lie about it." "But you are mistaken." "Um not."'

ir, you are! ' Sot! so g'way now" and the door was slammed. About 12 p we arrived in Bewsey. I remem- bered a friend. of mine, who used to live here. So I 4,Aid "Boys you'd be well treated if you will come." ..",e went. After about ten minutes playing I rang bell. But horrors! I caught a sight of the win- OW and and they were barei Evidently the house 'was tenantless. No one answered the bell—rather naturally. So I said: "Play another tune," and Vilen I thought of a way to get out of the scrape. urriediy striding up the steps to the door, I said, aloud .“ very sorry!, But good night," and then " Well boys my friend's away from home." Said Jobsou: "But no one came to the door." "Did I not &ay. sir, that my friend was away." " Yes, but no one else did.' Then he caught sight of the wet) viaows and examJned a,dngs, and said:

"Well, here's ago ! Playing for twenty minutes at an empty house !" Well, that carol curled itself up there on that top note, and died. I was checked and rebuffed, atm Jobson said if I hadn't lied, it would not have been so bad. I said I did not lie. "You did. You said some one came to the door." "Sir, I deny it. I said my friend was away from home. That was all. You know he is—you all know, so where is the lie ?" But the harmony of the proceedings was totally wrecked,and they actu- ally seemed to think I did lie, whereas, I was, per- haps, goiag to think about doing it ; but I didn't.

- However, the end soon came. Proceeding down the laue towards the . lodge, we came to a bramble bush on the road side near the brook. It wasmoori- light, and some one proposed a leap over the bramble bush. Ticklebotham clewed it, 80 did Thompson. Then came Jobson. He alighted on the top.; and a serious mishap happened to his pants. But while he was discovering the damage done, Timkins essayed the leap.; stumbled over the hush, and rolled into the brook, which was several inches deep with mud. It wouldn't be wise to detail al that was said.; it would not be,proper, because the language would not -embellish anyone's‘vocabu- , lary, although it might enrich their store of invec- tive. When Timkins was scraped, he said:— 'lf this is carolling, I've finished?' , Said Jobson, who had been compelled to borrow I a long overcoat to render him a less interesting I figure.: "So'vell. It's simply beastly. 'You don't catch me at it again:" Some one asked who had proposed the leaping first, and each one accused the other, with the re- sult that in a few :moments, matters had arrived at such a pitch that it was impossible for us to remain together longer. We despised each other—and all despised carolling. The band had been started for the purpose of assisting a charitable object.; but it never assembled again. And with this experience in mind I wish to emphasize all that has been said about the joys of carolling.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MUSICAL SOCIETY'S ,CONCERT.

The Warrington Musical Society entered upon its ,present season's work under disads antageous cir- cumstances in regard to a room in which to hold its ,performances. With the old-Public Hall (now the -Royal ,Court Theetre) no longer available, the choice was narrowed to two rooms, the Gymnasium and the Drill Hall, neither of which are.adapted to the Society's requirements. We understand that the ,Officers of the Volunteer Regiment having kindly placed the Drill Hall at the service of the-commit- tee, and other circumstances tending to a decision in that direction, this offer was taken advantage of. It was in the Drill Hall, therefore, that the con- cert—the.first of the season—was given on Tuesday evening. Much work in, preparing, decorating and heating the building bad been seen to be.neceesary, and these arrangements—so vital to the comfort of both performers.and audience—had been caret ally carried out, and proved. in. every way eatistactory. " Samson was the work, chosen tor performance, and, in essaying this, perhaps the most dramatic of flandel's oratorios, the Society joined forces with the Runcorn Musical. Society. Taking advantage of the fact that Mr. Crossley. is now tee conductor of both the Warrington and the Runcorn societies, a performance by the united members seemed a fitt- ing method of dealing with so grand a work. And the ssquel-demonstrated the advantage to be de- rived trom this course. A mass of vocalists and instrumentalists some-250 in number were thus asso- ciated, and a really.fine performance was the result. Returning the compliment to the Runcorn contin- gent, the oratorio was repeated ou Wednesday at Runcorn, under precisely the same conditions, much .to the delight, it may be surmised, of the local lovers of music. Our own pertormance, so far as the two societies Are concerned, was a most :creditable one. There were, of course, some imperfections. The worst was when the tenors and altos missed the lead on the re- currence of the subject of the..first chorus. And not until the second part of the evening, did the members of the chorus seem thoroughly to settle down to their work and to sing with that spirit and " go " which they then sliewed that they had in reserve. But after all is said, there weresome excellent points in the singing of the chorus. The .massive grandeur of many of the choral members had been clearly recognised, and wheo, now and then, some .contrasting passage afforded the needful scqpe, there were some fine subdued effects aud stifle delicate touches of vocal colour. After the little mishap to which reference has been made, and when the chorus had ,pulled themselves together, capital pre- cision was shewn in the entry of the various parts, and throughout.the,concert all the voices were shewn to be admirably under .the control of Mr. Crossley's baton. The principal vocalists were Miss.Tnudichum, Madame Berteushaw,, Mr. James Gawthrop, and Mr. Bantock Pierpoint s and no better a quartet need tie desired. It is something of.a misfortune in this oratorio that no ver7 " taking" numbers fall ..to the lot of either the soprano or the contralto. .IsTevertheless ". Let the Bright Seraphim" must certainly be noted as a gem to wheel Miss Thudichum imparted a brilliant lustre. And simi- larly a fall measure of true devotional feeling was evinced by Madame ,Bertenshaw in "Return 0 God of Hosts," which, to our mind, is one of the finest movements in the oratoric. The tenors great opportunity is, of course, when in the character of Samson he laments his blind- ness in " Total eclipse." And, occurring early in the course of the oratorio Mr. Gawthrop here made an excellent impression. -Subsequently, however, and not- ' ably in some of the _recitatives, and in the duet " Go baffled coward ".in which he is associated with Harapha, he tailed to rise to the occasion his declamations of defiance being both weak and _ineffective. In the duet with Miss Thudichum " Traitress to love" there was a much more equal-balance-of the parts, the interweaving nt the animated ,phrases of this number giving quite is realistic effect to the domestic wrangle expressed in the text. " Thus when the Sun "was feelingly sung by Mr. Gawthrop and next to " Total eclipse" was unioubtedly his best effort. Mr. Bautock Dierpoint reerivtd quite an ovation, and in two numbers autithe- .cal in sts le and Iseatment, he-won demands for repeti- ins which were, perhaps, the highest compliment a delighted audience could pay him. "Honour and Armes " and " How willing my paternal love," are in stuM direct contrast as to form a fairly good test of an attitre's versatility end all-round ability. The orchestra —which it is pleasing to note was for the most part -made up of local instrunientalists—left little to be .desired. It was in every respect adequate and efficient, .and,its performance saf the Overture, the Dead March, and the dramatic touches of tone colour depicting the .;atastrophe, was a source of general admiration. Mr. J. 13—Caldwell ably undertook the onerous task of accompanying the numerous recitatives on the American "An. Teem was a large attendance.

I,tical

jti2l

===== 0002601_18931216_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
EAUR SHIP- CANELL

Avell sing o' that greyt enterprize— That Liverpool writers aceauted„ An' a newspapper closer to worn, Like a switherin Guardian, deaubted. Sum cawd it a greyt big dyche, i Au' ruin wuz aw t cud spell; An' they aw did ther level best To smother eaur Ship Candi ! It wur nowt but a harebrain'd skame, To throw hugs o' money away ; An thay towd uz thaoeven owd Nick Cud ne'er make that Gutter pay ! Wile sum on urn damn'd wi' faint praise An' seaunded it's dismal knell; These prophets wur sartin' no good Cud cum o' eaur Ship Cane!!! To think it wud injure their trade Aw Liverpool lowfd to scorn ; tori thay towd uz that thoose ez Wud wish ez they'd never bin born. Thoose Manchester merchants wur foos, That throw'd ther brass into that Well ; An' they chuckle't, an' snigger't, an' sneer-t, At th' bare thowt o' a Ship -Canell ! Thoose men that we're aw preaud to own, Daniel Adamson—Egerton—Lee, Henry Boddington—Harwood—an' Platts— vVur these blind an' cudn't see? Wud thay put ther honds to a ploo, That wuzn't ez seatind ez a bell ? An' throw cores o' theausands away, On a woth-nothin' Ship Cane!!? your yer sin', thooao Liverpool nobs Did hardly owt else but deride ; But neazu ther's a. change in ther looks— Ther meauth lowfs on th' tether side Ther sneerin's bin turn'd into freet, An' ther needs noan mitch gumption to tell, That the Mersey may just howd its own Wi' eawr glorious Ship Canell ! In spite Os' ava black-mailin' jobs, In spite ov obstructions i' law; In spite ov thoose o'er-diver sharps, In tryin"t discover sum flaw? As a wonder ov pluck an' ov skill, Its theer to speyk fer itsel' ; An' in a big bumper aw'll drink "Success to Baur Grand Ship Candi." TUM 0' PEGS. Rose Bonk, Patricroft, Dec. 15, 1893.

'• UADBYS IJOCOS. has, in a remarkable degree. those nati.ral elements of sustenance which give t he system endur- ance and hardihood. with a steady action that readkr: fib m atcoptable and rollabla beverage."—lioa/tA.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES TOWN COUNCIL

The monthly meeting of the Widnes Town Coun- cil was held in the Town Hall, on Tuesday after- noon. The Mayor (Alderman F. H. Gossage) pre- sided, and there were also present, Aldermen Ware- ing, Timmis, and Tilley, Councillors Quinn, Owens, O'Donnell, Gough, Singleton, Gossage, Smith, Shut- t leworth, Neil, Barlow, Bullough,W right, Hodgkin- son, Davies and Longtoa, and Messrs. H. S. Oppen- beim (town clerk), T. Craik (deputy clerk), S. , Boyle (accountant.),l. Carr (engineer),and W. Rowe (nuisance inspector). HIGHWAY COMMITTEE. This Committee reported that Alderman Sadler had been elected chairman and Councillor Christie deputy- chairman for the ensuing year, also that agreements with Mr. A. Palin for improvements near to Sutton's- lane, and with Mr. W. Smith for the improvement of Albert-road and Sadler-st.' was approved of. It was re- solvedthat the tender of Mr. W. IL Johnson for the supply of hay and straw for a period of three months at the prices quoted, be accepted. The Surveyor re- ported that a complete overhaul of the steam roller was required, andthe tender of Messrs. Gilchrist and Ce., had been accepted for the required work. A large num- ber of streets had been repaired. The 24in. pipe sewer in Cromwell-St. and Marsh-st., were nearly completed, the work having been carried on by relief labour, 162 men having been employed on an average of two days each. The following plans submitted by the Surveyor and approved.:—Alteration to shop in Waterloo-road, for Parr's Banking Co. ; two cottages Castle-st., for John Hunt ; additions to Cosmopolitan Hotel, Victoria- St., for A. Brouchemite ; alteration 13, Water-st., for F. Lawrinson. The Surveyor submitted plan and estim- ates for the flagging of Albert-road, Halton View, and Moss Bank. Resolved—That the same be approved,and that application be made to the Local Government Board for sanction to the borrowing of £1,382 103. 3d., the amount estimated to be required. Accounts amount- ing t0.£3,242 6sswere examined and passed tor payment. Estimate of wages required for the next four weeks £3.1.8 per week,wa,s approved and referred to the Finance Corn-I mittee.—The confirmation ofthe minutes was moved by Alderman Sadler, seconded by Councillor Neil, and car- ried unanimcusly. HEALTH COMMITTEE.

Councillor G. 1. Neil was elected chairman and Coun- cillor Longton deputy chairman of this committee at a meeting held Dec. I.—The following reports were sub- mitted :—lnfectious Diseases Hospital—Number of patients at last meeting, 17 ; admitted since, 1.4 ; dis- charged since, 11.; died since, 4; patients still in, 16, Accident Hospital—Number of patients at last meeting. 9: admitted since, 0 ; discharged, 8 ; died, 1..; patients still in, 9. The report of the Med.cal Officer of Health. showed that the deaths registered from Oct. 19 to Nov. 30, were 64 or 192 per 1,000. There were 12 deaths from z) mot ic diseases. 'rue births registered were 132 or 39.6 per 1,000. There were 64 cases of infectious diseases re- ported. The Nuisance Inspector reported that 14 patients suffering from typhoid fever had been removed to the infectious diseases hospital. The Market Inspec- tor reported that the receipts for the month had been , 210 3s. 51., as compared with £l6 4s. 2d. for the cor- responding month of last year. The Surveyor submitted plan and estimate of proposed disinfector and mortuary at the Infectious Diseases Hospital. Resolved that the same be approved, and that application be made to the Local Government Board for sanction to borrow 2750,1 he estimated cost. Accounts amountingto £234 103.5(1. were examined and passed for payment. Estimate of wages required f,r the next four weeks amounting to £l5 155. per week,was approved and referred to the Finance Com- mittee. The minutes were confirmed on the motion of Councillor Neil seconded by Councillor Smith.

GAS AND WATER COMMITTEE.--COST OF THE . COAL

DISPUTE.

A meeting of this committee was held on December 5, when Alderman Timmis was elected chairman, and Alderman Wareing deputy chairman. Reports of tests made by Mr. C. E. Bellamy, of Liverpool, as follows, read : on the 18th and 30th Oct., illuminating power, 15.49,and 17.02 candles respectively, and on the 13th and 28ta Nov. : illuminating power. 20-28 and 19 94 candles respectively. The delivery of coal under contract was resumed on the 22nd ult., making a period of seventeen weeks since the supply was stopped. The quantity of coals purchased outside the contracts for the gas works amounted to 2,850 tons, at an average cost of 16i. 81d. per ton. The contract price being 6s. 10d., the extra cost had thus been 9s. 10id. per ton, making the total extra cost of coals £1,405. To this, however, must be added £2OO, the estimated amount of loss sustained through the decreased consumption of gas, making the total cost of the strike at the gas works, say, £1,600 or 2 82d. per. 1,000 cubic feet en gas sold. The effect of the strike upon the water works has been even more serious than that of the gas works in consequence of the large decrease in the consumption of water by the works, which alone amounted to a total loss in revenue of £l,BOO. The extra cost of fuel had been £314, making the total loss on the water works £2,114. The total loss in both woiks thus being £3,714. 'Relief to the unemployed had ceased since the termination of the dispute. The total number of men dealt with was 320.—The adepti‘n of the minutes was moved by Alderman Timmis seconded by Councillor Barlow.--Carried. GENERAL PURPOSES AND PARLIAMENTARY COMMITTEE . PROPOSED EXTENSION OF THE TOWN RaLL. A meeting of this committee was held on Dec. 6th, when Alderman Wareing was elected chairman, and Councillor Shores deputy chairman. It was resolved that Mr. Holmes, architict, Liverpool, be engaged at a fee not to exceed £l2 12s. to report upon the extension ' of the Town Hall. The confirmation of the minuteswas moved by Alderman Wareing, seconded by Alderman Timmis.—Councillor Davies proposed that the minutes concernieg the engagement of Mr. Holmes he referred back to the committee. They ought to wait for a few months for a complete scheme for the extension of the Town,Hall.—Councillor O'Donnell seconded. In a short time there would be an extension of the Town Hall, and the present proposal was very premature.—Aldaman Wareing,in reply said that the committee went to some length into the question of the desirability or otherwise of making an extension of the premises. They arrived at the conclusion that something ought to be done in order to enable them to do the business eif the council as it at present existed. It was therefore consid, red desir- able to have the report of the architect of the building I as to the manner in which it could be accomplished. , Redid not think that, considering the bad times, there wee much possibility of an entire scheme being sub- , mitted -to the council for some considerable •time. He hoped that the amendment would be withdrawn, Coun- cillor Davies declined to withdraw, and the amendment being put was lost by a considerable majority.—The minutes of the committee were then passed. THE ;FINANCE COMMITTEE.—THE CHARGES FOR THE HOSPITAL The Committee's minutes, which contained accounts amounting to £13,243 19s. Bd. were proposed by Coun- cillor Owen, seconded by Councillor liodgkinson.— Councillor -Smith asked Councillor Owen if he could give ' the total cost of the inquiry into the mismanagement of the fever hospital.—Councillor Davies asked hies, it was that some of the doctors who had attended the inquiry received two guineas, while others only received one guinea.—Councillor Quinn would like the Chairman of the Committee to inform the Council of the cost of bring- ing Alderman Williamson 's witnesses to the inquiry.— Councillor Owens said that it was impossible yet to reply 'to Councillors Smith and Quinn. The doctors who re- ceived two guineas had attended the two meetings. The ' minutes were passed. LIERARY AND TECHN.ICAL INSTRUCTION COMMITTEES. The Library Committee reported that Mr. H. Wade Deacon was appointed chairman, and Mr. F. Nei de- puty chairman for the ensuing year. They recom- mended that the Books Sub-Committee be requested to consider and report to this Committee upon the advis- ability of establishing a Branch Lending Library at Farnworth, and the probable annual cost thereof. It was also resolved that the Books Sub-Committee be re- quested to communicate with the proper authorities with a view to a series of lectures' under the Gilchrist Trust, being given in the Borough. Accounts amounting to £29 ss. 4d. examined and passed for payment. The Town Clerk submitted notice to the Technical Instruc- tion Committee of Local Government inquiry to be held on the 7th inst.into the application of the Corporation to borrow £9,415 for the provision of Technical Schools and Public Library. The Technical Instruction Committee also recommended that a sum not exceeding £lO be ap- propriated for providing prizes for home work and re- gular attendance of students at the various classes. Ac- counts amounting to £5ll 15s. 4d., examined and passed for payment.—The minutes were approved on the motion of Councillor Wright, seconded by Coun- cillor O'Donnell. - THE PROPOSED COMMISSION OF THE PEACE FOR WIDNES. In accordance with a notice of motion, Councillor O'Donnell moved that the Council petition Her Majesty tZe Queen to form a separate commission of the peace for the borough of Widnes. He understood that when a petition for any borough was sent to the Queen for this purpose it had scarcely ever been refused. Ile did not wish at present to go in for a separate police force. Of course if they had a separate commission, they would require to have separate officials which would however only make the eost about £3OO in round figures. To meet this, they had school board cases. About 336 persons were prose- cuted in the year by the school board who had to pay 4s. 6d. for each summons. Then there was the county fund, If they had a separate commission, this fund would come to the borough. Added to these there were the private summonses. Making a rough calculation, he considered that the extra expenses and the income would be about tialanced. Councillor O'Donnell next gave a number of instances of boroughs less than Wid- nes who had a separate commission. He also pointed out the paucity of magistrates near Widnes. Councillor Gough seconded the motion. He would like to see a separate commission for Widnes, so that work- ingmen magistrates might be appointed. If they looked at the justices who appeared at the Widnes court they would find scarcely any who knew the conditions under which the people of Widnes lived. He did not hink that the country squire abould come to the town to try the Gown people.

,

===== 0002601_18931216_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
1H E AIVIINER, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1893. IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

The Mayor said that he did not see any advantage to Widnes in having a separate commission of the peace. He considered thAt the magistrates knew the circum- stances of Widnes very well. Councillor Smith also defended the present magistrates and considered that it would be a great loss to Widnes if they altered the course in which they were at present proceeding. Alderman Wareing asked if it was not the case that the Mayor and ex-Mayor were magistrates by virtue of their office at the present time. The Town Clerk replied that they were,anel the Mayor had precedence of the other magistrates in local cases. Councillor Davies said that he thought there ought to be magistrates appointed who lived in Widnes such as Major Wareing. But with regard to the motion of Councillor O'Donnell, he censidered that Widnes was a baby corporation not much over twelve months old,and now it wanted its separate commission of the peace. He thought that it was scarcely time for that yet, and should vote against the motion. Councillor Quinn said that he had a motion somewhat similar to Councillor O'Donnell's, which he had with- drawn. He had withdrawn that motion because he was not satisfied that there would be no more expense, and until he could be assured that there would be no extra expense, he should oppose the motion. Councillor Hodgkinson advocated a stipendiary in con- junction with other boroughs. Councillor O'Donnell in replying to the various speak- ers, said that not one of them knew what he was talking about. He was proceeding to taunt Councillor Quinn with being bought over, when that gentleman rose and indignantly repudiated the assertion. The Mayor inter- posed and both gentlemen resumrd their seats.—Upon the motion being put to the council, only Councillors ' O'Donnell and Gough rose in its support, and it was accordingly lost. Councillor O'Donnell next moved that the Chairman of the General Purposes Committee supply information as to the police duties in Widnes.—Councillor Gough seconded.—Alderman Wareing said that it was impossi- ble to comply with the motion, as the committee were not in possession of the information.—Upon the motion deing put, only the proposer and seconder voted for it. This concluded the business of the council.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday. Mr. H. E. Heywood pre- sided and there were present, the Rev. J. W. N. Tanner, Messrs. E. Aaron, T. Handley, S. Taylor, T. Lea, A. R. Norman, T. Baxter, C.C., T. Lewis, J. Weir, W. Ellison, W. Pickering, J. Parkinson, J. M. Williams, S. Woodward, W. Whitlow; J. Ashton (clerk), and G. Ashton (deputy clerk).

===== 0002601_18931216_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN 'COMMISSIONERS AND INFECTIOUS DISEASE.

The Local Government Board forwarded a communi- cation which they had received from Runcorn Improve- ment Commissioners with reference to the maintenance in their hospital of destitute persons suffering from in- fectious disease. Mr. Marshall, secretary to the Com- missioners, states in the letter that the Guardians refused to pay an account of £B3, and says the Health Commit- tee desire their lordships to institute an inquiry into the matter so that it may be definitely settled which Autho- rity was to.bear the costs. In reply to this request, Mr. Adrian, assistant secretary to the Local Government Board, replied that it would be competent to the Run- corn Improvement Commissioners to refuse to admit pauper patients into their hospital except under an ar- rangement with the Guardians providing for the cost of the maintenance, &c., of-the patient in hospital, but if no such arrangements had been entered into and pauper patients had nevertheless been received it did not seem to the Board that any liability was attached to the Guardians. The Board suggested, as regarded the future, that an arrangement should be entered into forthwith embodying such an arrangement.—Mr. Tay- ler said he understood that the Guardians had an agreement with the Commissioners with regard to pauper cases.—The Clerk said that was the fact but it was for cases sent to the hospital by the order of the Guardians or where there had been an order of justices sending the pauper to the Hospital. In none of the cases taken into the hospital had that been done.—Mr. Taylor said a number of the cases were ordered by the relieving officer.—The Clerk : I think not, and even if Mr. Cooke did give an order, he had no right to do so according to the agreement.—Mr. Taylor : The Guardians only meet once a fortnight, and we must give the relieving officer a certain amount of latitude. Mr. Norman said they were in honour bound to pay for the destitute cases whether there was an or- der er not.—Mr. Aaron said in opposition to that the Local Government Board said they must not pay. There- fore it was a waste of time discussing it.—Mr. Cooke was called into the .room and said he never gave an order for a person to be taken to the hospital; nor had he asked the sanitary inspector to take them into the hospital. In several cases he had given a medical order and the persons mere taken to the hospital, but not by his order. There was not one in the whole number in, receipt of out door relief. They were rnostly men on the road searching for work on the Ship Canal.—Mr. Norman thought they were in honour bound to pay for the eases with a .medical order, without grumbling about the exact terms of the agreement being carried out.—Mt. Aaron said .Dr. MacDougall was medical officer to the Commissioners as well as to the Guardians, and he had no power to give a patient any order, and the Local Government .Board said they must not pay.— The Chairman : That is how I read it.—Mr. Taylor asked would not the Commissioners have power to send these pauper cases 2—The,Clerk : No. You cannot send infectious diseases to Dutton. The Sanitary Authority must deal with them.—Mr. TaN lor held that the Com- missioners had honourably carried out their parts of the agreement, and the Guardians had passed under similar conditions during the past .five years. Tie was not now Waking for the Board of Commissioners, but he dared say that the question would now be how could the Guardians be forced toadeal with these cases. He thought the Guardians had taken a high-handed stand.—The Chairmaq Said he did not see how the Commissioners, under the agreement, Could refuse to take them into the hospital, when they were sent. —Mr. Taylor said there had never been a case sent by the Guardians to the hospital.—The Clerk said he should not advise payment of any item in the accounts rendered wi :bout the sanc- tion of the Local Government Board.—Mr. Norman gave notice that at the next meeting he would move that the resolution declining to pay the accounts be rescinded, and that payment be made in those cases where it medi- I 'cal order had been given.

ACKNOMILEDOMMTS FROM 31 P.'S. Letters were read from Mr. Henry Tollemache M.P. and Mr Alan de Tattoo Egerton acknowledging receipt of suggested amendments to the Parish Councils Bill and stating they should receive attention. TRAMPS.

The Bridgeworth Union forwarded a reso/ution draw- ing the attention of the Local Government Board to the alarming increase of tramps throughout the country, and suggesting that uniform rules as regarded bedding dietary and task work should be enforced.—TheCarmock Union submitted the following resolutirm fir approval That the Casual Poor Act of 1882 having tailed to have.any effect in suppressing vagrancy this Board think that the time has arrived when the Local Government Board might provide for uniformity of treatment on the lines of the way ticket system.—The subject was re- ferred to tke Parliamentary Committee. COUNTY RATE BASIS. The Northwich Union forwarded for the approval of the Runcorn Union, a resolution protesting against the present inequitable county rate basis, which had not been altered since 1886, notwithstanding great thanges in the rateable value of townships. They again asked the County Council to take measures for the adoption of a new basis and to urge the Committee to give due con- sideration to section six of the County Rates Act 1852. They were of opinion that the standards for the county rate should be based on the gross estimated rental, ac- cording to the valuation list in force for each township for it such method were adopted the standard made would not only be an equitable one, but its revision at frequent intervals would be greatly facilitated, and the complaints from all parts of the county as to the present inequalities which had been so numerous for the last two or three years, would entirely cease.—The Clerk said there were some inequalities in Runcorn Union. In 1886, the rateable value of Overton was £12,403, present time, £14,582 ; Dutton, £10,532, at present, £10,040 ; Frodsham, £11,477, at present, £13,167 ; Elelsby, £5,696. at present, £7,576 ; Runcorn, £51,933, at present, £58,674; Weston, £10,633, at pre- sent,£l2,l33.—Mr: Woodward said the places where the rateable value had been reduced were paying an unjust propprtion of the rates.—Mr. Handley said it was neces- sary that they should have the county rate on a proper basis, and he moved that a similar resolution to that of the Ncrthwich Unimlto the County Council.—Mr. Wood- ward seconded . Carried unanimously.

RUPTURE CURED—S. J. SIIERhfAN, ffernia Specialist, 64, Chancery-lane, London. sends his book on rupture post free. Branch Chambers. 26, King-st., Manchester.—Advt.

A meeting of representatives of the Lancashire and Cheshire coalowners was held on Monday at Wigan. The proposal to establish a sales association was further considered. Discussion took place with regard to the fuel prices. Inasmuch as there is such a brisk demand for coal, it was decided that quotations should remain unaltered.

EPP9.B COOII.—GRATFFUL AND COMFORTING.— "By a thorough. knowledge of the natural laws which Rover, •he operatlms of digestion and nutrition,and by a careful applica- tion of the fine properties of we'l-selected COCOA, Mr. Epps has provided for our breakfast and supper a delicately flavoured beverage which may save us many heavy doctor,' bills It is LI the judicious tise of such articles of diet that constitution may be gradually built up until strong enough to resist every tendency to disc ‘se. We may escape many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well fortified with pure blood and a properly nourished frame."—" Civil Service Gazette."—Made simply with boiling water or ml k. —Sold only in packets, by Grocers, lahslled—" JAMES HOPS & CO., td., Homeopathic Chemists, London."—Also makers of Epps's Cocnsine or Cocoa Nib-. Extract; A thin beverage 01 full flavor, now with many beneficially taking the place of tea. Bold in Warrington by Bowden, Bamford, and Percival. —Advt.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIDAY.

In the House of Commons on -Friday evening Mr. Mun- della, answering a question, said the quantity of foreign coal imported into this country during August;Septem- ber, October, and November, was 15,641 tons. Replying to a question about a recent sentence passed by the Recorder of Liverpool (Mr. Hopwood), Mr. ASQUITH said he had no jurisdiction to interfere where the only complaint against a sentence was that it was too lenient. The law did not need strengthening, and its enforcement must rest in the discretion of those whose duty it was t administer it. Mr. Buxton, interrogated by Mr. Labouchere, stated the present position of the negotiations with Lobengula, and said he was confident that Sir H. Loch would neglect no opportunity of corning to tl-rms with him, so as to bring about as speedily as possible a peaceful settlement in Matabeleland.

The House again went into Committee on the Local Government (Parish Councils) Bill. Progress was reported at eleven o'clock in order that the report of the resolution in Committee authorising the Secretary for India to raise in the United Kingdom a aura not exceed- ing £10,000,000 for the services of the Government of India might be taken. Mr. G. RUSSELL (Under Secre- tary for India) explained the abnormal monetary condi- tions which had led the Indian Government to consider it prudent to obtain sanction to this loan. After some criticism from Sir J. Gorst and Mr. Goschen, the report was agreed to, and a bill founded on the resolution was brought in and read a first time.

In the House of Lords, the Earl of DUDLEY moved an amendment to clause 4of the Employers' Liability Bill, to the effect that it should not apply to any agreement between employers and men for insurance against ie- jury providing the agreement was sanctioned by a majority of workmen and gave reasonable compensation. The Earl of Denbigh preferred a majirity of two-thirds. In the course of the debate Lord Ripon and Lord Chan- cellor opposed contracting out, the latter believing that security to life and limb would be diminished. The Bishop of Durham spoke in its favour. Lord Salisbury said personally he should be glad to see the insurance of working men made universal, but suppesing the bill passed without the Earl of Dudley's amendment what would be the result ? Employers would protect them- selves by insurance against all risks. On a division the Earl of Dudley's amendment was carried by 148 votes to a, and the Earl of Denbigh's proposal for a two-third majority was accepted. the bill passed through Com- mittee.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURDAY.

In the House of Commons on Saturday consideration of the Local Government Bill was resumed, discussion being continued on Mr. Cobb's amendment, which sets forth that in case of every parochial charity, not being an ecclesiastical charity, the parish council shall, not- withstanding that the number of trustees may have been fixed by the instrument creating the charity, appoint additional trustees from the ratepayers, electors, or inhabitants to make a majority of the whole body. After much debate Mr. Balfour moved to report progress, and an animated discussion followed, the Opposition arging that the sitting was beyond endurance, and the Liberal members that the prolongation of business was due to obstruction. Mr. Balfour's motion was rejected. Mr.Asgorta said the Government attached great impor- tance to the disposal of Mr. Cobb's amendment, and they were willing that Mr. Banbury's amendment should be added to it, to the effect that no person not qualified for election as a parish councillor should be I appointed a trustee, and that no person should continue te be a trustee after he had ceased to be so qualified. The Committee divided on the amendment as amended, and there were—for it, 109; against, 48 ; majority for, 61. The announcement was received with Liberal cheers.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
MONDAY.

- - In the House of Commons on Monday evening Mr. ASQUITH, in reply to Sir F. Dixon-Hartland, said the question of what arrangements ought to be made to pro- tect the House from outrage was one for the authorities of the House in conjunction with the police, and both were satisfied that every necessary arrangement was being made. Sir W. Hancounr followed with a statement in which he announced that it was intended to despatch, en be- half of the House, a message expressive of sympathy with the French Chamber with reference to the outrage of Saturday, a course in which Mr. Balfour, on behalf of the Opposition, expressed hearty concurrence. Sir J. LUBBOCK moved the adjournment of the HMse in order to raise a discussion on the refusal of the Government to agree to the proposal of the House of Lords for the appointment of a Joint Committee of the taro Houses to settle the principle of "betterment." Sir W. Harcourt defended the decision of the Government. Mr. Chamberlain said the House of Lords had conceded the principle, and the only question was as to the best method of applying it, and he thought their lordships should have a chance of retrieving their error. In the course of the debate reference was mado to the new street improvement bill of the Manchester Corporation and Mr. Pickers„eill, said a telegram had just been re- ceived from the Town Clerk, of Manchester which said, Our betterment clause is to test the principle of bet- terntent. The area is not large, and the estimates are not yet completed." Mr. Balfour accused the Govern- ment of wanting to pick a quarrel with the House of Lords. The motion for the adjournment of the House was defeated by 17750 139. The House then went into Committee again en the Local •Government (Parish Councils) Bill. After a long discussion and a threat on the part of Mr. Balfour that unless the Government" treated the Opposition with un- flinching honesty of purpose" the Bill would become absolutely impose ible, clause 13 was passed by 143 to '9O. TUESDAY. In the House of Commons on Tuesday evening, Lord GEORGE HAMILTON gave notice of his intention to move a resolution calling upon Her Majesty's Government to make before the Christmas recess a statement of their intentions in regard to the maintenance of the efficiency of the navy. Mr. ASQUITH informed Mr. J. Ellis that he had re- ceived from the Miners' Federation of Great Britain a resolution urging the Government to resist the insertion in the Employers' Liability Bill of any clause permitting contracting out. Mr. Burnie, in replying to a question, read a telegram from Sir H. Loch which stated that the Matabele ap- peared to be returning in small parties. Mr. 3. K. HARDIE moved the adjournment of the Muse in order to call attention to the destitution pre- vailing in various parts of the country, and to indicate the means by which, in his opinion, the Government might alleviate it. Sir. W. FORSTER disputed Mr. liar- die's figures, said the Government were doing what they could in the direction of the organisation of industry, pointed to the efforts being made to improve the condi- tion of the people by legislation, and expressed the opinion that for the relief of distress they must rely on the action of local authorities rather than on that of the Central Government. Mr. Batrone joined in the dis- cussion, and, referring to trade disputes, said he theught it was forgotten how intimately the prosperity of the working classes was bound up with the profitable invest- ment of capital in this country. The motion for ad- journment Was defeated by 175 to 33. The House then went into Committee again on the Local Government (Parish Councils) Bill.

In the notice cf Lords, on the motion of the Earl of KIMBERLEY, a message of sympathy with the French Legislature and the President of the Republic on the occasion of the recent outrage in the Chamber of De- puties was agreed to. The Marquis of SALISBURY, In expressing approval of the course proposed by the nohle Earl, said he hoped it might be taken as a pledge that if any international steps were taken to cope with these wicked outrages the Government of this country would take their share in achieving so humane a result. In reply to a question as:to what steps the Govern- ment intended to take to mitigate the distress in London, Lord MONIESWELL said that all they could do was to watch the course of events and make such representa- tions to the local authorities as in their opinion would mitigate the evil. WEDNESDAY. \

In the House of Commons on Wednesday Mr. George Russell moved the second reading of the East India Loan (£10,000,000) 13111. The discussson was continued by Sir IL Temple and Sir John Gorst. Sir JOHN Lunnocx expressed apprehension at the policy of the Indian Government, and said they were really engaged in speculation in sil- ver. Sir W. HARCOURT said what the Indian Govern- ment had asked for was a present remedy for an immin- ent evil. They did not deny that the closing of the mints was an experiment of a serious character, but the difficulty- was a serious one, and Ministers were not prepared to adopt the bimetallic remedy. There had been a temporary disturbance of trade and exchange by the closing of the mints, but that was inevitable. The imports into India had, however, greatly increased, and that increase was due to Manchester trade. Manchester had always been crying out for 'remedies touching the monetary system, and DOW she had got what she wanted the result had been an Increase of trade ; still that had operated against the exchange. He spoke the opinion of the Indian Government. They thought the disturb- ance that had taken place was temporary, and that it could be dealt with by a temporary remedy. Mr. GOSCHEN maintained that the remedy had caused a dis- location of commerce. At the risk of displeasing his Lancashire friends, he felt bound to say that it was not the business of the Government to hold up an artificial rate of exchange. After further discussion the closure was carried and the bill read a second time. The House adjourned: at forty minutes past five o'clock.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THURSDAY

In the House of Commons on Thursday evening, Mr. GLADSTONII, being asked by Mr. Balfour what course the Government proposed to take on Lord George Hamilton's notice of motion on the state of the navy, said that he thought Tuesday next might be a convenient day for debate, and that be intended to move an amendment declaring that the House relied on Her Majesty's ad- visers to submit to Parliament fitting proposals in due time and measure for the naval defence of the Empire. Mr. AsQurrn, replying to Mr. linatchbull-Hugessen,

said that in the opinion of the Government a state of things had not arisen which made it necessary to seek an alteration of the law for the purpose of preventing the landing in England of Anarchists expelled from France. Mr. GLADSTONE, in reply to Mr. A. Morton, said the reclamation of waste lands could be best carried out by private enterprise; and in reply. to Mr. Yerburgh he said the Government would not be justified in making ad- vances to landowners for purposes of small holdings unless a good deal of evidence was shown that there was a desire te move in this direction. _

Sir J. DORINGTON moved the adjournment of the House in order to raise a discussion on the Government's an- nounced decision that the Christmas recess should only extend from December 22 to December 27. Mr. GLAD- STONE said the real issue now raised was the abandon- ment of the Local Government Bill. Mr. Betronit sup- ported the motion in a speech in which he threatened to put every obstacle in the way of progress with the bill. On a division the motion was deteate4 by 165 to 115. The House then went into Committee again on the Local Government Bill. In the House of Lords, in reply to Lord Salisteary, the Earl of KIMBERLEY said their lordships would pro- bably be called together in January to deal with the Pariah Councils Bill.—Lord SALISBURY said he reserved the right to take what course he thought fit. It would be extremely inconvenient for the peers to travel to and from London, particularly in such weather as they were accustomed to in January.—The Employers' Liability Bill was read a third time, and their lordships adjourned at five minutes past five o'clock.

RUNCORN RURAL SA.N ITARY AIITHO RITY. The fortnightly meeting was held on Tuesday under the presidency of Mr. 11. E. Heywood. Present, the Rey. J. W. N. Tanner, Messrs. T Lewis, J. Weir, E. Aaron, W. Ellison, IV. Pickering, J. Parkinson, J. M. Williams, S. Wood ward, IV. Whit- low, J. Stokes, C. T. Whitley, IV. Turner, T. Baxter, C.C. ; J. Ashton (clerk), G. Ashton (deputy clerk), and J. Farrington (nuisance inspector).

===== 0002601_18931216_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
HELSBY WATER SCXEME.

The minutes of the Belsby Parochial Committee showed that at a meeting held on Saturday the 9th inst., a letter was read from the Cheshire Lines Committee, stating that their annual consumption of water at flelsby would be 4,000,000 gallons, and if a water scheme were carried out they would be pleased to take their supply from it, instead of from the present uncertain source, always assuming that the price arranged would be reasonable. The writer (Mr. Meldrum) however, does not commend the committee to any guarantee.—After consideration the Parochial Committee resolved that it be pointed out to Mr. Meldrum that thY supplying of 4,000,000 gallons of water per annum in addition t 4 the ordinary supply to the township would make a consid- erable difference as to the sort of scheme to be carried out, and that he be requested to state whether if a scheme sufficient to give this extra supply be carried out, his committee would undertake to take at least 4,000,000 gallons of water per annum at the price of 6d. per 1,000 gallons.—The minutes were approved.

THE SHIP CANAL. Mr. Wells, the engineer to the Board on the Ship Canal, said he was on the canal from Twenty Step Bridge to Runcorn, on the 27th November, after the flood had subsided and with the exception of some damage to the old sluice and masonry at Keckwick brook he had nothing to report concerning its effects. With regard to the syphon at the same spot, the pipe had been laid through the subs ay, hut the sewage was not taken through them as yet. The new door connected with Reckwick brook was not fixed, and a portion of the existing masonry was destroyed by the recent flood, which burst from the canal at this place and nearer Runcorn, and overspread the lowlying land along the margin of the brook. As the masonry and new doors would be above the ordinary level of the surface of the,. water in the canal, the reinstatement could be effected independent of the height of the water.

THE MEDICAL OFFICER. Dr. Adams writing from Brighton. said he had been laid up with severe influenza followed by bronchitis,and would therefore be unable to attend the meeting. There had been only a few fresh cases of infectious diseases notified, and these he thought, were all in connection with cases previously reported. THE CLOSING OF THE SCHOOLS. The Rev. R. K. Nunn, chairman of Norley School Managers, said a meeting had been held relative to the closing of the schools and the managers submitted to the Authority the following facts :—That the offices had been recently cleansed and disinfected; that no bad smells had been detected ; that it could be proved that the sickness did not originate from the school; that most careful precautions had been taken to revent the spread of infection through the school, that the fever had virtu- ally disappeared ; and that the throwing of nearly 100 children out of school work and into the lanes for five weeks at the present season of the year was calculated to induce more sickness. It was hoped that under all the circumstances the Authority would withdraw the closing notice.—The Medical Officer of Health and the Sanitary Inspector were instructed to inspect the sani- tary, arrangements of the school now that alterations had been made.

WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS. The fortnightly meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians,was held on Wednesday, at the Work- house. There were present :—Messrs. G. Ratcliffe (in the chair) R. Ileaton, J. Dignuro, S. Davies, J. Hill, A. Jolley, A. J. Jolley, M. Mather, J. Muir, J. Turton, J. Houghton, W. HoughtonV. Dobson, and Dr.J. N. ratterson, also Dieser& J. C. Sutton (clerk) S. Sutton (assistant clerk), C. H. Ward (master) and 11. N. Mines (Superintendext Yadgate Schools.)

AN EXPENSIVE MAT. Attention was called in the passing of the accounts, to the purchase of a mat intended for the office of Mr. Aukland. the relieving officer, the cost of which was EI 163. 6.1. Several members thought that the price was exorbitant and that an inferior mat ought to have been ordered.—Mr. A. J. JOLLEY objected to articles being informally ordered by a member in his individual capacity.—Mr. HEATON said the Board ought to be called upon for their consent to such a purchase ; other- wise an officer might order an elephant skin at a cost of £2O or £3O. (Laughter.)—Mr. AUK LAND was called into the room and said that the mat was intended for his office on School Brow. The purchase was sanctioned by the Board in July. Mr. Pilling had seen the mat but he did not go with him to buy it. —Mr. hILL: It is too much, 163. 6.1. would have been a more reasonable price than £1 163. 6.l.—Mr. Aukland : It is a cocoanut mat, nine feet in length, a yard wide, and very thick.—Mr. Shaw thought the price was a reason- able one.—The Chairman intimated to Mr. Aukland that the purchase did not meet with the approval of the Board and the subject then dropped. FIRE ESC&PE SHOOTS.. _ _ .

The Workhouse Master's report notified that the fire escape shoots which had been ordered from Messrs. Ross and Co., had arrived.—The CHAI RIMAN : Are they suitable.—Mr. WARD : They arc very short. In fact I should not like to come down one.—The Board decided to inspect the shoots.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
AN IiktPERTINENT LETTER.

The Schools Committee's report contained a recom- mendation that the new stoves for the school rooms be ordered from Messrs. Musgrave and Co.. Belfast.—Mr. Shaw asked if the Committee in passing the recommen- dation had considered the letter of a Ic.scal tradesman which had been sent in.—Mr. A. JOLLEY : I should like to know, to. I think consideration ought to be given to the application of a tradesman of the town. (Hear, hear.)—Mr. A. J. Jolley said the letter had not been considered and Ivs hoped the Committee would never consent to consider such an impertinent letter as that was. (Hear, hear.)—The CLERK explained that the recommendation was decided upon weeks before the letter arrived. It had been decided to have Musgrave's stoves and to obtain them from the manufacturers, as they could supply them at the cheapest price.—Mr. lIHAToN :Of course. It would be another .injustice to Ireland if we didn't. (Laughter).

COAL TENDERS. The following tenders for the supply of coal for the half-year were submitted :—Alfred Perris for house coal, 12s. 9d. per ton; slack, Bs. 2d. per ton ; coal for Pad- gate Schools. 133. 4d. per ton. The supply to be regu- lated by the strike clause. Messrs. Fletcher and Bur- rows, Atherton: For house coal, 12s. Bd. ; slack, Be. For coal for Pedgate Schools, 13s. 4d. The strike clause also to be recognized. From Messrs. Richard Evans and Co: For house coal, 11g. per ton ; slack, 7s. 7d. per ton. For coal for Padgato Schools lle. Bd. The strike clause was not mentioned in this tender. It was decided to accept Messrs. Evans and Co.'s tender and several members ex- pressed their satisfaction with the manner in which the Company had treated the Board during the coal strike. This was ll the business of a public character.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
SUICIDE OF MIL GLADSTONE'S VALET.

An inquest was held on Thursday on Z. Outram,lately a servant in Mr. Gladstone's employment, and whose body was found in the Thames on Tuesday. No cause could be assigned for the suicide, if suicide it was, and the jury returned an open verdict. Mr. Herbert Glad- stone said the case was a very mysterious one.

The Brighton Liberal Association met on Monday night, ana d-cided not to contest the seat vacated by Sir William Marriott. Mr. Bruce Wentworth, the Con- servative candidate, will be returned unopposed.

COUGHS, COLDS. PAINS IN THE CHEST, SIIORTNQPI OF BREATII, PALEGM.-Dr. Lococx's PULMONIC WaFEns give imm..dlate relief, and a rat Id cure, nothing else gives such a sound, refreshing night's rest. In Rheumatic and Nervous complaints they act, like a charm. To singers and public speakers they are invaluable for clearing and strengthening the voice. They have a plea ant taste. is. lid., 2s. Pd , 4e. 6d. and lii. per bey. Sold by all medicine vendors. Caution —The genuine Dr. Locock's medicine have the name in the Government Stamp,and the Trade Mark ("Dr.Locoox ( on the label.—(6)

MRS. S. A. ALLEN'S WORLD'S

H AIR RESTORER.

Quickly changes gray or

faded hair to its natural

colour. A perfect hair dress-

ing, delicately perfumed. ,

It is not a dye

===== 0002601_18931216_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TRAINING COLLEGES..

The results of the examination in religious know- ledge of students in Church training colleges, examined October 2, 1893, have just been issued. The following is the list of successful candidates at, the Warrington College. An asterisk denotes equal merit FIRST YEAR, CIASS I.—Mary Edith Roylanc,e, *Annie , Irvine and *Martha Stubbs ; *Agnes Ellen Harker and I*Clara Newton : *Jessie Evason, *Annie Faragher, and *Phcebe Fl. Lumsden ; Mary C. Broadbent ; *Grace Ash- ton, *Constance M. Marshall, and *Alice Maud White- head ; *Mary Ann Davidson and *Lucy Plinston ; Mary Haworth, Bertha Davies ; *Annie H. Dewhurst, *Mary Elizabeth Fitton, *Flelerta A. Holliday, *Martha Lee Mumerley and *Ada Waizbirn ; *Elizabeth Derharn and *Eliza Helen Mattinson. Class ll.—*Annie Jane Mer- rick, *Maude A. Wagstaffe and *Florence B. Williams ; ' *Maud Page and *Sophia Williams ; *Edith Caldwell, *Bessie Dunning, *Mabel Hammond, *Edith Hough, *Harriet Ward, and *Louisa Worsfold ; *Minnie Clegg, *Ellen Anne Gailow, *Elizabeth Emily Jones,and *Lilian Mary Merrick ; Josephine Bullough,*JessieG.Stenhouse, and -*Edith Wall ; E lith Fanny Coward, *Ellen Glover, and *Mary Alice Smith ; Crystella Rowley ; *Har- riet E. Beetlestone and *Sarah Annie Lip- trott ; Lilian Maude Samples; *Annie Peaks and *Amelia Jane Pugh. Class 111.—Lilian %Vinson— SECOND YEAR, CLASS I.—Catherine Roberts, Elizabeth H. Brailsford, Mary Wharam, Annie E. Kennard, *Jane Seeley, *Mabel Louisa Calow and *Mary Jane Heywood; *Alice Elizabeth Gitkins and *Bessie Rimell ; *Elizabeth Gaskin, *Alice Maddams, *Adah M'Myn, *Elizabeth A. Meredith and *Emma Millington ; *Frances Helen Coward, *Emily B. de la Court, *Annie Findlow, *Mary Jane Lowe, *Elizabeth Sliallcross, *Minnie Jane Smet- hurst and *Florence J. Whadcoat ; *Maud Mary Bowles, *Mary Agnes W. Fallas, *Ellen Jessie Hewitt, *Kate Hornby, *Amy Naylor, *Annie Parkes, and *Dorah Southworth ; *Mary Ellen Barber, *Minnie Blakey, *Georgina Dust, *Elizabeth Phillips and *Ada Wilkin- son ; *Edith Mary Garstang, *Matilda Ann Hickson and *Gertrude W. Wilkinson ; *Esther Mary Best, *Annie Simm and *Evelyn Alice IVilders ; Annie Maud Hough- ton ; *Alice Barnett and *Elizabeth S. Eckersall. CLASS ll.—Agnes Green. hisry M'Nab, *Florence Edith Deyes and *Elizabeth A. Robertshaw ; Mary Ellen Gur- ley, Emma Rankeillor, Emily Moreton, Jane Crooks, Martha Kate Thewlis.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW A LOT OF MONEY LEAKS OUT.

WILAT does a man do when he finds a hole in the pocket where he carries his money ? Anybody can answer that question. He has it sewed up, of course, directly, and good and strong*too. I suppose it is with you just as it is with me. When I spend money, even foolishly, I can tell where it went, and maybe I've had some sort of pleasure out of it. But I do mortally hate to lose money ; lose it out and out, you know, and have no satisfaction from it, or know how or when it left my possession. Well, now, let me show you the worst and biggest hole any man ever had in his pocket ; a hole that lets the cash leek away like water through a sieve, a hole that is the hardest in the world to sew up. A short story will show it best. " Drummore South Cottage, " Musselburgh, near Edinburgh, " September 18th, 1891. " Gentlemen,—Up to 1885 I was always strong and healthy. About this time I began to feel bad. I was tired, languid, dull, and listless, and everything was a burden to me. Iliad no desire for company, and what had come over me I could not make out. My tongue and mouth were dry, and I had a deal of phlegm on my stomach. The whites of my eyes next became discol- oured and my skin was yellow. I had no appetite, and after sating I had great pain at my chest and sides, also across my stomach. After a time the pain settled in my left side, and my heart would beat and jump in a manner that alarmed me. By-and-by I got so weak that I was not able to go ab3ut the house, and I felt that I ought to be in bed. The pains at my side and stomach be- came so bad that I had to remove my clothing (every- thing seemed so tight), and I used to press my stomach and hold my sides to try and ease the pain. Getting worse I saw a doctor at Musselburgh and was under him for three months, but his medicine gave me no relief. After this I went to a clever doctor at Pres- tm Pans who said I was suffering from indigestion and dyspepsia. He sent to London for some celebrated medicine which was packed in small phials. This medi- cine seemed to dissolve my food, and I felt easier for a time but I gained no strength or real benefit, and after . persevering with this treatment for six months, I gave it up and fell into my old state. I next went to a doc- tor at Musselburgh, but all his medicines did me no good. After this I saw another doctor (that is a fourth. doctor), but with the same result ; none of them gave me anything that reached my complaint. I now lost all. faith in physic, for I had OW a great deal of money and taken so much medicine' that I lost all my teeth through it' and was no better for it. In great misery I lingered on month aftr.r month, always ailing, when in, August of last year (18901, my husband called at Mr. Jack's Drug Stores, nigh-street, IFisherrow,: and told him what my condition was. Mr. Jack gave him an account of the wonderful cures he heard of from many of his customers that had taken a medicine called Seieel's Syrup, and strongly recommended him to bring me a bottle. lie did so, and I commenced taking the Syrup, and I found some relief Crom the first bottle, and by the time I had taken four bottles I was as well and strong as ever I was in my life, and have since k• pt in good health. I tell evervone what Seigel's Syrup has dune for me, I never thought to get better again,' and I consider it has saved my life. I wish others to know this, and if by publishing this statelnent it will be the means of helping others, Its it helped me, you can use this letter as you like. Yount truly, (Signed) Jemitna Watson.

Look back to about the middle of the:above letterand again read what tho writer says : "I had spent a deal of money for medicine." Yes, and money she could.poorlv afford to spare. Illness and the expense of illness is the great hole in the pocket that I alluded to. It costs so mach, and what does it give us in return ? Pain, weariness and misery. There is another consideration besides. When we are ill we not only have to bear the increased outgo, but manage to meet larger demands out of a decreased income. Our candle is burning at both ends. "Yes," you say, " but how can we keep from falling ill ?" You cannot always, but in view of the fact that most illnesses arises from indigestion and dyspepsia a timely use of Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup will pre- vent it. A few shillings thus invested will save pounds in money and perhaps months of wretchedness. Think over tho striking points in Mrs. Watson's excellent letter and you will think the same.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE CONFERENCE OF MINERS AND MINE-OWNERS.

A DIFFERENCE OF OPINION.

The first meeting of the newly-constituted Miners Board of Conciliation was held on Wednesday in the West- minister Palace llotel. London, the proceedings being private. The main objectof the meeting was to arrange ,as to the future course of proceedings. It was after. wards offirially intimated that the representatives had been unabla to agree upon a chairman, and it was re- solved to ask the Speaker of the House of Commons to nominate one.

CURED OTHERS. WILL CURB YOU 1 Sufferers from Gravel, Ltunntgo, Piles, Pains id, tilt,. Back, Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaints, Diseases of Kidneys, Bladder, Urinary Organs, Stone, Gleet, Stria tore, Sciatica, Rheumatism, and Gout, will find a positive ee cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small boa, and if noltl chemists,'atiafi" our post eY will be returned. Pri Is Of atree for 12 stamps from 11 OLD- BOYD'S Medical Hall, Cleckheaton, Yorks. Don't be put off. If von cannot get them write to the Proprietor, and a box will be sent next poet.—Adet.

;.:1-'i

t

1,,

• 45 • rah , y , ' : Pfs4,

-

4

Mffiag

===== 0002601_18931216_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt (eanlirxr " Anna

Or LANCII.SHISI IND CR VOMIT COUNTY NICWBPAPERS Comprises rr HE Warrington and Mid-Cheskire Examiner, pub-- A. lisbed every Saturday morning. THE Earlertown and Newton Examiner, published every Fri lay aft.rnoou THE Helens Examinir, punished every Friday afternoon. THE Beeneorn Examiner, published every Saturday morning ; and THE Wanes Examiner, published every Saturday morning.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPAI D ADVERTISBAIENTS.

enrnlng uncle;tiTe fol Towing he—a—clB;;;;Tri—serted in ALL the above-mentioned Papers for ONR CHARGB, as per • scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO u LET. SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTINERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED, MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT',

MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, HOESIS AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three fils Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54 The, above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisen.ent inserted on credit under 24. per Insertion.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
13omt5ttr gperbants, &r.

COOK WANTED, at once : wages £l6.—Apply Bite. RICHARDS, itglattie, Eandbach.

WARTBD, a GUNARAL BEIIVANT, age from 16 to 18. - Apply at 71, Caroline-street, Wigan.

MISS HUDSON% High-class Registry. klaln cooks and generals wanted daily.-19.Irlam-st., Warrington.

W ANTED a leau tidy GIRL for housework. age 16.—Apply. 3. Be ',key-road. Warrington.

110UsEHAID WAITRESS Wanted.—Apply Mrs, LOC/C- -INGTON, Summerhill House School, Litherland, Liver- pool.

WANTBD. in,a farm house. EIRR VANT. not object to oaf) over 40 years of age.—Mrs. G. BUISEY, Ryther, near York.

n_ 00 D GENERAL WANTED. for small family,quiet home k...A for trustworthy gfrl.-103, Bamllton-road, Longsight, Manchester. , ,

WANcovilDe;y—. 011qpi!yRIArs.8BellyANTE wll oT 4lign too ler 7s r avenue, Bedford.

WANTED. a good GENERAL SERVANT 16 to 18; also HOUSEMAID.—AppIy 1, Wellington Terrace, Stmt- ford-road. Manchester.

WAN THD.a good MINERAL BHHVANT from 18 to 20, one able to walb.—Apply Canon Hotel, 81. Townsend- lane. Antleld, Liverpool.

rANTED. after Chrannis, good MENBRAL SERVANT. 4.ver 20.—Apply Mrs. KAY, Providence Rouse. Eransley, Yoz kshire.

GENERAL SERVANT WANTED, able to wash (family of two, no ehildren).—DOLAlES, 5. Oloucester-read, llrraston, mar Manchester.

YVOTING LADY. age 21, requires SITUATION as Working Barmald.—Address S.P., 33, Char3on-strest, Bright- side-lane, Sheffield.

WANTED AT ONCE in small Limns', good GENERAL. age 20 to 25; wages £13.--SPEAKMAN, 211-st., FM'sword], near Maneh,,ster.

IVANTED SITUATION as Gardener (singlehanded), age 28 practicil experience inside and out, highly recom- mended W. T.,BROoKLANDS, Halifax.

rIOOKS, lionsemaids, Generals ; all classes a servants conatantly applied for. -Call or write to lifts. BAXThIi, 46, Chatham-st., Pye Bank. Sheffield.

111 ANTBD SITUATION as plain Cook, where two or three servimts are kept. near Worcester. —U. hoiaE. Whitton Rectory, Tenbury, Worcestershire.

riltaNitllAL WAN ED ; used to public-house preferred; IJF-- as. per week ; n• washing; good character.—Mrs• GRAMMER, George and Dragon, Ironbridge.

'WANTED, MINERAL SERVANT, experienced. good character indlspensible, good wages to suitable person. —Apply M.J.W., 19, Market Plane, Wigan.

WANTED.—Plain Cooks, Housemaid Waitresses, Ger orals. DISENGAGED, gardener and wife, or caretakers, grooms, barmaids. waiters. butler.—Aitae Wtr..Sog„ Registry Office, Leyburn, Yorks.

WANTS)), SITUATION, by Middle-aged Person as Housekeeper or Attendant to elderly lady, where young girl is kept; good references ; Dissenter. —S. GRIFFITHS, Coneybury, Broseley. Salop.

W„T A lITADP.E RS oT UaA Tvlr fOdIL or VVB°acitilKelio-r"- eceinOomi7caEl- era' ralnager. cheerful, good cook, active, superior ; three years' tlost-class reference.--Address Miss L. Ow-EN, 101 Migh-st., Blaensu Feetir.log.

r ALB and FEMALE NURSES INSTITTJTION, TO, Hope-st.. Liverpool. Estab. 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical, and Monthly Nurses. Massage, apply or telegraph. "Nurses." Liverpool. lelephone. 51ti.

Rpartmttno,,furntEttri lloust,&*r

LODGINGS for two or three ItESPECTABLB MEN.— Apply 58, Leonarthatreet, Warrington.

BLACKPOOL.— Park House. Claremont Part, facing the Sea. WINTBit TARIFF on application,

COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS for two or three willing join.—Apply 39, Lovely Lane. Warrington.

riONFOBTABLB LODGINGS for three or four respectable men.—lltsa Rus:fra., b 9, Weet-st., Wlnwlck-road, Warrington.

DUXTON.—THE PEAK THERMAL ESTABLISHMENT. JO The best Hydropathir ia the district. Mineral Water 4/14 other Baths. Magnificent public rooms. Excellent .culaine. Table d'hote at separate tables.

illaattterp, ttr., on Oak.

"(RON FENCING, SHEEP and CATT•LE HURDLES Don't be mislead by special adveri teed offers, but before buying write for onr Illustrated Catalogue. free on applica- tion.- BAYLISS JONES BAYLISS, Iron Fencing manufao turers, Wolverhampton. London Office and Showrooms. 139 & 141. Cannon Street. London.

Crossley' Horizontal GAS lINGINB for Sale 1.."2 cheap.—Apply MdacHaNT and Co., Southport.

CIARPISIT-BBATING MACHINES best arid cheapest in the market; various sizes.—Oßß, 44, Pitt-street, burgh.

„IL 8-HORSB PORTABLE{ ENGINE for sale or hlre.and all kinds of machinery for sale.—Jonx BONNELL, Longtord- street, Warrington.

HORSE PEWEE GAS ENGINE. Second-hand. live t.Ol Actual Gttc principle. Tube Ignition. Cheip.—Seen running at TOGS. ECARD and SONS, 30, Cornbrook Park. road, Clty-road, Manchester.

100 '4,01 TOOLS. s .PI TIN s I %gat ITN:: r DRILLS. HAMMFRS.• MILLING MACHINE, PUNCHING and BENDING MACHINES, Le., ready—For list apply Soorr Naos., Halifax.

Wwith E LET STONE-BREAKERS, all types, wi Steel Or Iron Frames; also MORTAR MILLS, CON- CRETI, MIXERS, STEAM WINCH. HOISTS, PUMPS, STEAM CRANFS, and PORTADLE ENGINES an Hire with option of purchase. New and second-hand, ready for de- livery,—S. MASON and Co., Brandon-et., Leicester.

AA and E HAND-HOBTS, Cranes. Crab-winches, Over- head. Travellers. screw and hydraulic Lifting-jack, Pnnehing-bears, and Rall-benders,Weston's and rope Pulley- block Shaftin4 Tube-expanders, anti-friction htte-m et al —Youngs. Makers, Ryland-st rent Works, Birmingham. Tele- phone No 803.

OFFS WAFT FD fora pair of Tandem Compound HORI- ZONTAL ENGINES, two high pressure cylinders. 17 in. diameter, two low pressure cylinders. 34.1 in. diameter, Fit. stroke; fly spur wheel, 18ft., diameter, 140 cogs, 41in. Pitch. 17/In. across tooth; pinion eft 2in.diameter, 49 cogs ; Baxoe's rut-off; indizate over 850 h.p. May be seen at Lime Mill, llollingweod. near Manchester.

QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS LIMITED Gate Ormerod. Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLET PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds or Englneeeing Work vromptty. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli ca 6°1:I.—Telephone 229. -

DATENT OFFICE B. N. DUTTON AND CO.. I COAETERED PATENT AGENTS and CONSULTING NGIII.IIIIC ,5. JOHN DALTON-STREET, MANCHESTER. E. K. D. Co. are Pr,ctical Engineers as well as Patent Law 11xperts, and are therefore able to give reliable advice .i.mon the Workable as well as the Patentable nature of an in- ention. Chru4,lll ef jnformation sent gratis. Established 30 years. Teirpi one 752. Telegrams Dotus. Manchester.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, Have In Stock ready for Immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter. 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particdars on application.

pA TENT OFF IC It MANCHESTER, BITABLI9H2D Di 1835. Messrs. GIFORGB DAVIES & SON have had more than 40 years pers, nal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of thescotton, woollen, and iron manufactures.

"Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d: "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," Wee la. GEORGIC DAVIES, C.R., & SON, P.1.P.A.,

4. Sr. ANN'S SQUAItE, MA/ICHESTIii.

Vaitlttel.

A GENTS WANTED to push first-class Machinery Oils. ZA Liberal 001311111163i011.—80x 22, Post Office, Liverpool.

A (HINTS WANTHD; good conimission.—Apply BRITTON MUTUAL PLATE GLASS INSURANON COMPANY (LTD). 3, Cookridge-street. Leeds.

Butchers, Fishmongers, de.' wanted to buy 1;000 their newspapers from 18, Fennell-et.. War- rington. Large or small quantities,

WANT BD, all persona to know that JOSEPH PRITCOARD, jeweller, 51, Righ-st., Runcorn, will send post flee silver gents Albert (any pattern) for ss, per oz,

WANTED, SHIMMER. permanent sitnAtlorts for good men. good characters indispensable. apply' JOSEPH CLAYTON and SONY, Tanners and Curriqn a. Chesterfeld.

ANUFACTURBILS. Advertiser requires Special Design iT Woven in Linen and Cot tou.—Further particulars of CHARLES SMITH, 39, Albert-road, Peckham, London, S.E.

rrOBACCONISTS and trim,. Li.immencing should call or send 1 for our Price List. Competition deiled.--Goimszse's, Paradise-st., Liverpool. Established 1850.

lOBACCONlSTecommencing. 111 d. Guide (post free.) How to commence.—T..BAccoNt—rs' OUTFITTING CO., 186, liuston-road. London. Manager, Hr. MYE/28, Rat. 2866.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
fiflontn.

TEETH ! TEETH TEETH! J. MACDONALD'S PRIM DENTORIUM.

WHOLESALE AMIFICIAL TEETH MANUFACTORY (Registered.) B‘• H.M.R. Letters Patent. (Trade Mark.) The Best an. 4 Cheapest House in the Profession. _ _ _ _ _

Single Teeth, 2i.; Sets, 2G. Pit and Quality Guaranteed Patients fitted while they wait. A lady in attendance. The Trade Supplied. All best materials and workmt Teeth extracted free from to 8 p.m. Teeth extracted without pain. Free consultations. Telegraphic Ad.:reps : " Dentist," Manchester. 9, PICCADILY (Opposite Infirmary Clock), MANOHEST/311

===== 0002601_18931216_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY DECEMBER 16. 1893.

gtalt6 bp Vrtbatt Ertatp.

Ogg, Voultrp, Scr.

I:4IINIiST FAT GEIRSH, 61. per IN ; fined Irish Turkeys, Bd. pee lbs. Cash, with order.—JortN KEhR, Water- ford.

Qi IX PURN AYLNiDUILY oucri and a Drake. May 1,7 hatched; ready to lay; fine birds,. El sa. packed.—M. HUNT. Addington. Winslow. Bucks.

y MIRY, 14 cwt , etatitin Dromeham, two Shanciries, one 14 Pony Gig. elleap.—Sre.an.. Friar's Green. Warrington.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
,Oalts bp prtbatt Ertatn.

VIRST-CLASS VIOLIN, stand old I: copy. Labelled '• Calfo Bergouir " Payments taken. in lock up case. genuine bargain. 30 Worth fifty-five shillings. Only S.

'TOME WORK; and 10s. to 155. a week. Sample, List, IL and Instructions, 7 stamps.—LE, 26, Regent-road, Morecambe.

AAI GOOD OINTNNT. would like to arrange with s nne- one to sell it, own make.—Address Stockbridge House, Ryther. nesr Y rk.

()N SALE, MANURE WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyehire.—Apply to J. Emus°, 16, Fenwiek-Street. Liverpool,

1-) ECIPE of valuable EMBROCATION for sprains, bruises, _tt, rheumatism aches or pains, Is.—RUDMAN, 3, St. Mar- garet-st., Bradford, Wilts.

URETWORK MATERIALS CHEAP, direct tram importer. Illustrated price list free to intending purchasers.— Palm 17drrz, Amateur's Tooleries,

THE HUMAN HAIR• IF YOUR HAIR IS FALLING OFF, • Consult S. TAYLOR. or Use His Renowned Preparations, CANTHAHIDEi EXTRACT anti POMADE, wcit are CERTAIN RESTORERS of the HAIR.

TAYLOR'S SEDATIVE AND NUTRITIVE CREAM Is nfalllbleor perfectly Relieving the Skin from Irritation and Freeing the Hair from Scurf. Prepared only by S. TAYLOR, HAIRDRESSER AND

... i'IIRFUMER, 26 Aim 28. IEIEG-STBENT. lIINCIIII3TER.

FACTS.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
oaleg bp Ruction.

By Mr. WILLIAM ELLIS.

8 it, 10, RORSEJIARLET-8T.,. WARRINGTON.

LOWFST

POSSIBLE PRICES

applioat'a NOTE.—W

LADIES SHOULD KNOW of the most Wonderful Medical Discovery of the Age. ALL LADIES This MIRACULOUS and very powerful REMEDY quickly relieves all IRREGULARITIES and RE- MOVES all OBSTRUCTIONS HOWEVER, OBSTINATE or Long Standing, It is perfectly harmless but CERTAIN and EFFECTUAL. Thousands have been relieved.

One Lady writes :—" Your Medicine is truly wonderful ; my case was a fearfully obstinate one." - • • -

_ Avoid useless pills. Invaluable particulars free OA receipt uf stamped addressed envelope.

A.. DASMAIL, 371, LANHDALE, WALTHAMSTOW. Etrsaxasu r. r. 1851,

fro Bit LET. One Shop, with dwelllng-homse combined. _I. Good cellar. Reasonable rene.—Apply Taos. WILLIAMS, Cross-lace, Earletown.

TO LET, PREMISES, in centre of Warrington, suitable for small workshops.—Apply ASHTON and WOODS, Solicitorsb. , Morsonarket-street, Warrington. BUILDIIVI LAND TO LET, in Wararave-road, naar the Vulcan Pound-y.—App y T. BITESI.EY, architect, 2, Bridge st Earlestown, or at Bold-st., Warrington.

PICTURE FRAMES, I.IOULDING &C. The Cheeeeet Hausa in Warrington for Moulding PICTURH FrtAMßs, PiCTURES, PICTURE GLASS, isnd every requisite for FRAME'S. 50,000 feet of Moulding always in Stock. WHOLINALB OR RETAIL. J. W. JA.3.4SON. 18, FRIAR'S'OATE AND MARKET HALL, WARRINGTON. 71,

===== 0002601_18931216_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
MORRIS'S TOLU AND HONEY.

The only Cure for Colds, Coughs, Bronchitls. &e. MORRIS'S TIC-CURE MIA The only Cure for NEURALGIA, TIC, AND TOOTHACHE.

MORRIS._ CHEMIST. ALEXANDRA_ ROAD, MANCHESTER,

and all Deo:lera.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
FORTIFIES THE SYSTRWAGAINST.'

HiGHEST HONOURS.

LIPTON'S

DELICIOUS TEAS

THE HIGHEST AND ONLY AWARD

WORLD'S FAIR, CRICA,Ga.

These fainans Teas are to be had at all Llpton's Branch"'

and Agents.,

NOTE THE PRIf.',ES

RICH, PURE, AND.

FRAGRANT

PER 1/ & 1/4 LB.

THE FINEST THE WORLD' CAN PRODUCE

AT PER' 1/7 LE.

NO HIGHER PRI:G.E.

L I. P T 0 N

TEA AND COFFEE PLA,NTAiIt,

CE Y L 0 N .

Ceylon Tea and Coftte Shipping Warehouse, : Mndrlema EIHS, Cinn miort Garden, Colombo. Ceylon • Offices : Upper Chatham Street: Colombo. ladian.Tea Shipping ‘Varehoitss and Export Store, : Hare Street. Strand, Calcutta, Indian Offices : Dalhousie Square, Calcittta. General Offices STREET, CITY, Itoan, London, B.C.

Branches and'Agencies throughout the Wor:ti,

DR. SCOTT'S-PILLS

Cure Headache cad Sickness. Cure hitlig‘st ion. Cure Flatulencearol Heartburn - Cure all Bilious AtlActions.

n:0;; PILLS

Are a Tonto PurlLer.. Strengthen the-Whole Sy9te Induce Cheerfulneos. Invaluable as a Family Medlo42---

.SCOTT'S Pl LLS

Cure Loss of Appetite. Cure Devres.lort of tipirits.- Cure all Disotkors of the Blood., Cure Lass tuclerand,Nervousue__V;

DR'. BILIOUS AND LIVER Are wrapped In a square green package. he -, nento of the proprietor, W. LAMBURT 173, Seymour Loudon. W . ley poetior 14 or 34 starnua.

BOVRIL

TER OU'ARANTRIAD PRODUCT OF

RIME OX BEEF.

IN FL UE NZA;

COLDS AND CHILLS.

SERVED HOT AT RIMAURANTS: SOLD, BY ALL GEOCHRS,i

STOUBS. &or

THE EXAMINER.

SATURDAY, DECEMER 16.'1893.

A Russian journal has come to the,- Dinreditiri • Parliament!. elusion that Parliamentary Gonernte° is a failure, even in. England the lonia of Parliausents. One of the reasons which it give° for coming to this' Conclusion is tho inabilitY the,House of Commons to make r enable e• gross with the Parish Councils Bill: We are disposed to rate very highly the,. onion Of ' Rassizanewspaper uport the he. meritsor, defecfsf constitutional rule. Jiturnalists in, the Czt4ril dominions are not allowed a rery wide latit the e.7.pression of opinion, and certainly reflections which wese to the.. disadvantsgeha autocracy would quickly bring down ulooltO unfortunate author o!,tlsem the heavphand of censor. But still ii.. is-not, without signifies°''. that the present should be considered an ,tuce moment by Russian writers. to, renew tirades against representative government. labove all, it is significant that the, progres°? meat of progress, of the Pariah Council° ar should be cited as an, instance of the ineffectiv- f:ness of Parliament.. It ,can,,, surely; be no cation to that partyin &gland which arrog'-' to itself the titla of the "-Constitutional " Ithat it is the cause. of the ridicule which is btii 2ted against the very. institutions whig",* ,professes to be.the. special defender. For :can now bone doubt that the dilatory Pr4Ler of the Parish Councils Bill is duo to the clell'wo, ate a•Aid premeditated tactics of the OpPscati:ies A few months,ago. we were aasured by tho?-r-°;is that they had no objection te the principle Cif; t be Bill, that the criticisa,s. of its details wal:,.aty couched in, the moot benevolent and nOn:Atr-be spirit, rd that,. in, fact, the Bill practically unconteeted Yet, what do Nye 'bor Since ita.nieeting at the beginning of liog°l33„rt the House of Commonshas spent the 03111)er of its ,'>ime in discnssing various stages of Therewas the second reading and nowthere 15 ty cornsaittee stage. The Bill consist a.„ of seye,.l:lo"; two, clauses,, and of these only thirteen. orfollr' have been discussed. With regard, to the resla'a, dor there are already over fifty pages, of 3113,ePhe cents. H these amendments are discassed d'htioh, .3ame spirit and at the same length as. those w't-ex ;have been disposed of, when. may. it be eV° off Ithat the till will be handed over to the -ff°lls:oafr Lords? As a matter of fact,legislation the closure is impossible in the. facoof the ne unscrupulous methods which the present OPP"of tion have adopted. The Qovernment, sPitat'llo themselves,will be again compelled to rosort to' to exceptional processes which were used to pw Home Rule Bill through the Commons. SPPI,D,oe the more reckless of Mir; s.,L.s*ua's followers to be bent upon dism-editing Parliameut f.groily they are able to do so. h is, says theo of Chronicle," " interaLiog to observe thB..ffortBio. the moral Anarchists to stroy few 401) Fart of ment, not inde,ed, by the vulgar rxr'edienrec• bombs, but by the more subtle force a obst tion. We are to-day face to face with an 'Test ampled situation. It is, indeed, in the hir_ot degree doubtful whether any Liberal Governilie.,lo possesses the power to pass a single one of ite..ic:iof save by the suspension of every ordinary rul‘ Parliament," To this have we been brough' members of the Opposition who unscrupoW. :eh disregard all the traditions of the House WO° they have been elected. ibod On Thursday evening what may be descr .0 tile an insolent challenge was thrown down Government by the Opposition. It ha 13,0), become a question, t..s it did in connection 7'

(!direci

' ..... , , ' • - .. .• 4.' , ~ , ' , ' -- --- - ILLS re a Tonic PuriLer., rengthen the-Whole Systsni• iIICH Cheerfulness. 'Aluable as a. Family Medoe.2 " _ ,oss of Appetite. Jevres.iort of Spirits.- nil Disorders of the Blood. Las in t U de- andliervousn,- __ i ,corrs "" inITS AND LIVE v. R A opy -^',..-ae, hearin_fiise. , , i, _ _ .....• _--' ,oor , J ,0 Of / Pra. ot I, ;Ude ill ' 90.7, . of. . 1 4 ,P r. • OPP° n , tileir AJAL . Orr - ' grat„•i'.i"' 71 • . . f e 1 e I I

===== 0002601_18931216_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
IN THE BRITISH SECTION

AT TII

===== 0002601_18931216_art0046.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
HAVE GAINED

===== 0002601_18931216_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 .

===== 0002601_18931216_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
• the debate on Home Rule, whether the majority or the minority shall rule. Mr. GrAnsroNE pointed out that while the Local Government Bill of 1888, which was promoted by the Conservatives and consisted of 129 clauses, passed through Com- mittee after twenty-two nights discussion, the present Bill, which contains only seventy-one Clauses, has already been debated on twenty nights and is yst far from the end. The PREMIER then in his quietest and blandest tone asked, " Is it unreasoaable to go forward with this Bill," and he was immediately ans wered from the Tory benches with loud cries of " Yes." We have not the slightest doubt that those who shouted "yes "—although Mr. BALFOUR afterwards attempted to throw them ever—represent the real feeling of the Opposition. In spite of all Protestations to the contrary, the Tories are des- Peratelv anxious to withhold the right of self- government from the rural districts. In order to effect their end, it is now as clear as daylight that they are prepared to utilise all the devices of ob- struction. But, fortunately, their mischievous Policy has been clearly unmasked both to the Government and the country, and it is evident from the language of Mr. GLADSTONE and his col- leagues that they are ready to moot the tactics of their opponents with such vigour and determina- tion as will ensure the passing through the •House 'f Commons of the Parish Councils Bill.

Trades Unionists Tun London correspondent of , and the " Manchester Guardian " ranployers' bilit -Fstates that it is now rumoured that several of the Peers are beginning to "wobble" in their hostility to the Employers Lia bility Bill. The House of Lords have inserted the contracting ent clause in the Bill, but this, of course, does not end the matter. It is practically certain that the Government will not accept the amendment of the Upper House, and, therefore, their Lordships will have another opportunity of reconsidering heir policy. Groat efforts have been put forth to Make it appear that the House of Lords was really acting in the interests of a large body of work- Illen• Deputations of a mtg.° or less bogus char- acter have waited upon LORD SALISBURY and other Tory leaders to urge the scivantages of contracting out. But it is now abundantly clear, if there had ever been the slightest doubt, that the great mass of the workingmen of the country will be satisfied With nothing less than the Bill as it left the °use of Commons. The Trades Unionists have Lune after time asked for such a measure, and Tiow that it has been conceded to them by the re- Presentative Chamber they are not going to allow liernselves to be robbed of its moat vital benefits the body of irresponsible landowners and pluto- crats who control the Tiotio of Lords. The Par- liamentary Committee of the Trades Union Con- have decided to organise demonstrations in favour of an unmutilated Bill, and there can be little doubt that their appeal will be responded to In every considerable town in the kingdom. Trades Unionists are put upon their mettle in this mat- ter. They have, so to speak, the ball at their feet. All that is required of them is that they 41.1euld make tioemselves heard. Especially is this the ease in a town like Warrington, which has the inisfortnne to be represented by a member who has both spoken and voted against giving addi- tional protection to workmen. We are convinced that Mr. ROBRICW Frnaporxr is not voicing * sentiments of the working population of the town in his opposition to the Liability Bill, and if that he so, the organised trades of the town should let him and the country know it.

Imp THE public generally, and especi- ortant An Conference. ally the residents in the colliery districts, cannot fail to be deeply interested in the joint conference of mine-owners ~."(1. miners which met in London on Wednesday. "le conference is one of the outcomes of the Inetnorable meeting under the ch airmanship of 14°r, d RoannEny which Bottled the g reat dispute. Inat settlement, it will be remembered, .was more 6f the nature of a trace than of a permanent Pace. The great point of getting the men back tel.work was secured, but several important ore mat- ,., 8 w left over to be dealt with at the Confer- 'lce between masters and men, the first meeting of tWhich was held on Wednesday. That an ami- cable arrangement should be come to is in the kg,he3t degree desirable. Another cessation of saikaucur in the Federation districts— whether in the of a strike or a lock-out—is, we may take 't.ufor granted, not to be thought of. The mere ggestion of sech a possibility would raise uch a feeling in the country that neither side Would be able to resist the pressure that would b 0 brought to bear against it. The meeting the fourteen delegates on each side on ednesday ards afternoon was a rather prolonged :al lasting about four hours, and it was after- that the delegates had not been h eto agree upon a chairman. This contingency kad, however, been previously provided for, and t "a Speaker of the House of Commons will now be :tBkad to appoint a chairman. On the whole, it :Perhaps better that the chairman should not be n° rn i nee of either side. Under any circum- stances he will have a difficult office to fill, and being aPPointed by an outside and impartial authority he will be less open to any imputations nilo‘" lavonritism.

- " Adopt THERB IS something very unsatis_ Child- t'id factory about the case of cruelty which was heard by the War- giij tington magistrates yesterday. Here is a little eight years of age, who, when her father and Other dies, is so utterly friendless that she has ge to the Workhouse. The Board of Guar sprove in this instance, to be very poor cs64ardians indeed. They hand the child over to a tonVarative stranger, who says she wants a child 4;l°Pt. The little parentless girl is, according the evidence which was laid before the magis- ,i:atesi treated with cruel severity. The Guar- -15n5 do not step in to protect their little gee; that humane duty is loft to the ! t._stiorial Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Iti,was stated that this was the first vea" ef the kind that had occurred in i connection hth ths adoption of pauper children. It is to holDed that that is so, but it is fair to ask what t'll'ecautions are taken by the Guardians to ensure fair treatment of the children that are aueptecl P Sorely their responsibilities do not end IV, handing children over to comparatively T nkrinwn people who may apply for them

- °n Th A SCENE IN BRIDGE-STREET. url ,;(- wors - as a large 9110 W wagon from Womb- Menagerie, drawn by two camels and an NtZ",ant. was Trassing through the Warrington SI Bveral horses took fright in Bridge-street. ous horse whicl. became aff;ighted ran along the Para riti I tit. for a considerable distance. A little girl 7,,111"d Edwards, residing in Rose and Crown-sr., or:tilltnocked down and received painful injuries gtt leg and head. Iler injuries were promptly ended to by Dr. Kisby.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR GR&TIS ALMANACK.

To each purchaser of this issue of the " Examiner " we present our Annual Sheet Al- manack.' It will be found to contain several features of an interesting and useful character. It is embellished with a striking and characteristic view of the Viaduct which conveys over the Ship Canal, the London and North-Western Railway at Latch- ford, taken at a time when the process of excavat- ing the cutting was yet proceeding. The engrav- ing is a reproduction of a photograph by our res- pected fellow townsman, Mr. T. Dirties, of Sankey- street, who has done so much good work of this character. As time dims our recollection of the actual work of construction of the great waterway, the illustration will become a valuable souvenir of the many formidable difficulties, which were en- countered, and overcome. In this respect, the choice of subject may be claimed an appropriate one. There is the Viaduct, forming a fair average instance of the enormous expense which has beer. incurred in the erection of bridges, and the diversion of railway routes. There is the strip of unfinished channel, which is one of the best illustrations that could be afforded of the strata of rock which was encountered, with such dishearten- ing frequency, in the work of excavation. Then again, the view is associated with two of the most important features connected with the whole un- dertaking. They are, the Latchford Locks, and the Hydraulic Pressure House,which supplies the motive power to four of the ponderous swing bridges that have been erected,as well as to the locks themselves. The locks may be seen in the distance beyond the viaduct, and the hydraulic station on the left bank of the Canal. Thee two important pieces of work, together with the viaduct, have alone swallowed up, in their construction, close upon a million of money. The viaduct itself was formally opened for traffic on Sunday the 9th of July, when the first goods train to cross it was the 8.15 a.m. to Liver- pool. It is about 70 feet high, and is described as a 1,220 ton bridge being the second heaviest Viaduct that has been erected over the canal. The locks and the hydraulic pressure house were put into working operation on Thursday the 7th of December, when the first vessel, the "Snowdrop" passed along the waterway from Eastham to Manchester. In addition to the illus- tration, however, there is given in the Sheet Alman- ack a vast amount of valuable local information, which, without being guilty of egotism, we may fairly claim to be more comprehensive than that contained in any other similar local publication. It embraces officially revised matter appertaining to all our various municipal, parochial, ecclesiasti;al, military and civil institutions, as well as to local political Clubs and Associations and elections. Much trouble has been taken in elaborating and compiling this mass of facts and figures, and there has been introduced into the calendar a consider- able amount of valuable memoranda of notable local and general events.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
the 1

===== 0002601_18931216_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
—Advt. ST. MICHAEL'S CHURCH, RUNCORN. The annual congregational tea party was held on Fri- day night last week. After tea, the vicar,the Rev. Canon Maitland Wood presided, and a programme of miscella- neous items was gone through. NON-PATMENT OF WATER RATES AT RUNCORN. At Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday,74 persons were summoned for this offence by the Runcorn, Halton, and Western Waterworks Company. In the majority of cases a settlement had been effected. In others, orders were

made. DELICIOUS CRISP Cam round COLLIER'S bread.—Adat. I BETHESDA CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, RUNCORN. A people's service was held on Sunday evening, when the Rev. J. Simpson preached on "True and false religion." Miss Johnson sang " The Children's Home," and Mr. E. Worrell " Ora pro Nobis ; " Mr. Richard Pierpoint performed a cornet solo " Saved by a child," and Mr. C. Le Couteur gave the "Fanfare of trumpets" on the organ. For sweet, white, home made bresd,try COLLIER'S.—Advt. RUNCORN BURIAL BOARD. The monthly meeting of this Board was held on Wed- nesday afternoon, when there were present—Messrs. T. Handley, E. Imision, and W. F. Salkeld (secretary.) The report presented showed that the interments for the eight months ending November 25 numbered 362,against 292 in the corresponding period last year: increase 70. The fees received were £334 18s., against £299 4s. Bd. twelve months ago; increase £35 13s. 4d. JOSEPH PRITCHARD, 51, High-street, Runcorn, keeps Bneraci.E.9 to suit all sights, from& shilling a pair.—Adat. THE WIFE WOUNDING CASE AT WIDNES. At the Widnes Police Court, on Monday, before Mr. ,J. Birchall, Patrick Muldoon, residing in Bryn-st., was brought up on remand chamred with causing grevious bodily harm to his wife Annie on Saturday night Nov, 25th. Dr. Allen, who is attending the injured woman, said it would be another week before she was able to appear in court. On the application of Superintendent Keighley the prisoner was further remanded for seven

days. PURE IRISH BUTTER. 19. per lb.. at COLLIEVB.—Adrt. LABOUR IN CHEMICAL WORKS.—IMEORTANT RETORT. I, The departmental committee appointed by the Horne Secretary to consider the conditions of labour in chemi- cal works, and to suggest remedies for the dangers to I life and health of the work-people employed therein,have drawn up a series of special rules,the adoption of which I will, they think, place things on a more satisfactory ' basis. their report also contains a valuable statement on the whole case from a medical point of view. JOSEPH PRITCHARD, Watchmaker and Jeweller, 51, High- 1 st., Huncern.—Advt. ROBBERY FROM THE SHIP CANAL COMPANY. At the Widnes Police Court, on Monday, before Messrs. T. S. Timmis and J. Birchall, a labourer named John Fox was charged with stealing a ladder, value 10s.' the property of the Manchester Ship Canal Company, from the shore at Speke. On the 19th ult. a Ship Canal flat was wrecked, and among the other wreckage washed ashore at Speke was the ladder, which the prisoner took away and sold to a wan named Tushingham for 7s. ed. ! The prisoner, who was an old offender, was committed ' to gaol for 14 days' with hard labour. FARM FIRE NEAR WIDNES. On Tuesday night, shortly before seven o'clock. a fire VMS discovered in a barn of Samuel Whitfield', Crow Wood Farm, near Widnes. In the barn was stored about twenty tons of wheat straw, and a number of farm im- plements. The flames spread to the shippon and stables, and the three out-houses were all ablaze before the ar- rival of the fire brigade. The fire was got under about nine o'clock, but the barn, shippon and stables were completely gutted. The damage is estimated at £lOO, and is covered by icsuiance. The cause of the outbreak is unknown. CoLLIER's, est. 1840, Enke ! Collier's are always baking.-441. THE Ray. G. GrARRATT, FORMERLY OF WIDNES, vicar of St. Paul's Prince's Park. Liverpool, has been approached by the C.M.S. abut the vacant Bishopric in Japan. Mr. Garratt had a distinguished University , course, being the " best " man of his year in classics and theology, fie has only recently been appointed to St. Paula, but already he has shown gifts of organization, tact, and judgment that justify the selection of the C.M.S. Committee. We understand it is very doubtful whether Mr. Garrett will agree to his name being sub- mitted to the Archbishop of Canterbury, as he has so lately taken up parochial work in Liverpool. Go to PRITCHISO'9, 51. High-st., Runcorn. for the best Fry': GuINEA.IVATcH a working man can have. —Advt. FATAL FALL DOWNSTAIRS AT Ito:scour% On Tuesday, Mr. Worsley, coroner for the fee of Haltou,held an inquest at Runcorn, on the body of Anne Parks, aged 40 years, of Mersey-street. The evidence showed that the deceased lived at the lodging-house of Tbos. Murphy, and on Saturday night she had some drink. At midnight the deceased and Murphy were sit' inc besides the fire, when she got up and a few minutes later Murphy having occasion to go into the yard, found her lying at the bottom of some Fteps bleeding from the left ear. Dr. Robinson was called in, but he was unable to do anything for her and she ex- pired on Monday morning without having regained con- eciousness. Her neck was broken. A verdict of " Accidental Death was returned.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
LOCAL NEWS.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX AAI 11`,: E!, SATURDAY. DECEMBER l6, 1891

THEFTS AT WIDNES. At Widnes Petty Sessions,on Thursday, Patrick Conn .r and Thomas Quinn were charged with st,aling a pair of trousers, value 2s 6J., the property of James Harrison, from a dwelling-house at Widnes. Connor was fined I.os. and Quinn was ordered to receive six strokes of the rod.—Mary Ann Burn and Margaret Cronan were charged with stea'ing coke from the Corporation Gas Yard to the weight of 561bs.,and valued at 4d. They were discharged with a caution.

HARTLEY'S DAMSONS 21b. for 6d. nt COLLIF.R'S.—.Adtt. FILM AT RUNCORN.

About nine o'clock on Wednesday a fire was discov- ered in the sheds used by the plumbers and smiths at the Old Quay Chemical Works of the United Alkali Co., Runcorn. The works fire bsigade had a plentiful supply of water at hand and quickly subdued the domes so that when the Runcorn Brigade arrived their services were not required. The cause of the outbreak is un- known and the damage is estimated at £lOO, which is covered by insurance. It you went year wsTett HAPAIRED by skilled workmen take It to Parrmtattro's. - Adtt. SERIOUS ACCIDENT AT WESTON. On Sunday, a severe gals was experienced in Runcorn and district. For several hours the wind was very high. The most serious accident occasioned by it befell a boy aged ten years, named William Henry Scott,son of John Scott, of Pritchard's-row, ‘Veston. About 1.30 lie was walking along Riley's-row, when a chimney pot was blown off and broken in two. One portion fell upon the boy's head, causing an extensive scalp wound,with frac- ture of the bone, exposing the brain. P.C. BenfiEld was soon in attendance, and he having rendered first aid,the lad was carried to the surgery of Dr. Melienziejtuncorn, who gave careful attention to the injuries. Several hoard- ings were blown down. COLLIER'S OVENS are going n!ght and day. —Advt.

WARRINGTON INFIRMARY AND DISPRNSARY

The Hon. Treasurer begs to acknowledge with thanks the sum of .E2l, donation from Mr. Charles Lomax, Esq., 20, M useum-st. -- •

SPLENDID SHOW OF EVENING WEAH.—CrepOll.. Nuns' VeiHugs, Silks, Wrap, ,ke —lori:eil. 17 Sanksy.st. —Advt.

ENTERTAINMENT AT PADGATE.

A magicTant;;;—;;;t:i.a-inment was given in the Wesleyan Schoolroom Padgate on Monday evening, in aid of the funds of the Band of 'lope. Idr. Taylor, of Warrington, occupied the chair,and there was a fair attendance. The various scenes shown were greatly appreciated. W YCLIFFE YOUNG' PEOPLE'S SOCIETY.

At the usual weekly meeting of this Society on Monday evening a paper was road by Mr. U. H. Yonge on "Robert Borns." There was a good at- tendance, and the chair was occupied by Mr. It. Wyllie. The paper was a very interesting one, and in the discussion which followed the reading of it. Messrs. T. Brown, S. Rowlands, J. Podmore, J. Ball and the Chairman took part. SUCCESSFUL WARRINGTON PUPILS.

The fO-lIO;ii-ig pupils of the Misses B,immer, The School, Wilson Patten-st., have successfully passed the examination of the Religious Knowledge Asso- ciation of Enrolled Schools and Colleges..(President, Dr. Bonavia Hunt) held in November :—lfonours section : Bertha Whitlow, Broomfields, Appleton ; Bessie Chantry,Bold-st.; Minnie Thornton,Padgate ; Kathleen Earp,Prestroi Brook; Gipsy Sloane,Moore ; Bessie M. Beavers, Padgate ; Mabel Earp, Preston Brook. Pass section: Ada Thornton, Padgate ; Constance Sloane, Moore; Annie Chantry, Bold-st. ; Louie Lickfold, Wilson Patten-st. ; Alice Longdin, Wilson Patten-st. ; Norah Tunstall, Savings' Bank.

SPLENDID SELECTION of Bear Victories, Pelerines, Muffs. Squirrell ties, .s‘c., at Hyatt's, 17, bankey•st.—ildvt.

CONCERT AT SANKEY BRIDGES. A penny concert was held at Sankey Bridges Wesleyan schoolroom on Saturday night when the chair was occupied by Mr. A. B. Bailey, who opened with a short address. The following programme was then given: Song, "Ora pro nobis," Miss Jones; 'song, " Down in the deep;' Mr. Massey, encored, " Any amount of bites;" recitation, " The Northern Cobbler," Mr. George ; song, " Tom Bowling,' Mr. Appleton, encored," In days of old ;" song, " Com- ing through the rye," Aliss Jones encored," Some one stole my heart away ;" violin solo, Mr. Booth- royd, encored; song," The pi lot,'M r. .f.assey ; recita- tion." How to curia a drunken man," Mr. George; song, "Sleep my beloved, sleep," Mr. Massey,encored "She's the boss." At the close, a vote of thanks to the chairman was accorded on the motion of Mr. Entwistle seconded by Mr. Corradine.

FOR MANTLES. Jicarrs, and IMPARIALS see EVAN', 17, Sankey-it. -Advt.

THE RECENT RAILWAY AEI:SITUATION.

Mr. J. H. Clutton, of London, who sat as umpire in ths arbitration proceedings at the Lion Hotel, Warrington, in October last, in the matter of arbi- trations between the Hon. Ellinor and Elizabeth Wilson Patten and the London and ,North-Western Railway Company and the trustees of the late Lon, Winmarleigh and the London and North-Western Railway Company respectively, having reference to land at Arpley, Warrington, required by the coal- pany for siding accommodation in connection with the docks to be constructed by the Manchester Ship Canal Company at Warrington, has just made his awards. In the first arbitration the amount claimed was :12,320, the highest valuation for the company £4,754 10s. Id., and the amount awarded is £0,113 In the second arbitration the amount claimed was £3,980, the highest valuation for the company £896 104., and the amount awarded is £1,863. In each arbitration Mr. John White of 80ld-street, was the arbitrator for the claimants, and Mr. Hull, of Euston Station, London, for the company. Mr. Balfour Browne, Q.C., and Mr. T. G. liorridge (instructed by Messrs. H. B. White and Sons, Bold- street, Warrington), appeared for the claimants,and Mr. H. D. Greene, Q.C., M.P. (instructed by Mr. C. , 11. Mason, of London), appeared for the company.

THE ALLEGED MANSLAUGHTER OYA CHILD AT RUNCORN.

At Runcorn Police Court, on Wednesday, before Mr. Philip Speakman, John Thomas Corker, and Susannah Corker man and wife, were charged that they did feloniously and unlawfully kill and slay their infant son John Thomas Corker, aged ten months; Mr. Giles, of Cnester, prosecuted on be- half of the Natienal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children. James Uphill, inspestor to that society, deposed that on the 29th Novemher, he visited the house in Vicar-street, where the prisoners lodged, and saw two children of the prisoners named Sarah Ellen and Mary Elizabeth aged respectively six and four years. Both were poorly clad, were very filthy, their bodies bearing numerous marks of vermin bites. The smell Crum them was very offensive.. In a bedroom he found the deceased lying on a filthy mattress and the mother tried to hide him by throwing her apron over him. The deceased wore a nightdress only, and his body Was in a dreadfully dirty condition and made the room stink. The child's body was greatly emaciated, his legs were drawn up, and there were two bed sores on the right hip. There was no food in the house for the child except a quantity of sour milk. Next day he found the same conditions prevailing and be had the child photographed by Mr. Picker. The photo was put in and showed the child to no in a shocking state. On Saturday the child died.—Florence Gorst, of High-st., and Laura Kirkham, domestic servant to Miss Hughes, High-st., gave evidence as to the children of the prison- ers begging, the eldest carrying the deceased —Thos. Cooke relieving officer, also spoke to the mother and children begging. At the beginning of November, the mother applied for a medical order for the child and lie gave her into. Neither the mother nor child were clean, they stunk the office jut. Ile thought the child was then in a dying stato.—His Worship retired to consult with the clerk (Mr. Ashton) and the deputy clerk (Mr. Johnson), and out retiring into Court, Dr. McDougall, who had given evidence last week that death had been caused by lung disease was recalled. In reply to Mr. Ashton, the doctor said the death of the child would be accelerated by unnecessary exposure,and want of clean- liness and a want of general personal attention.—The prisoners were then cautioned in the usual manner, and the male prisoner said they hot done all they coulc for the child. He had bought what nourishment he could affeird. He had got milk, isinglass arid port wino and lie had fed the child before feeding himself, when it had shown a desire to eat. He had put bread dipped in gravy in its mouth and it had thrown it aside. He had also bought pork pies for it and it would not eat them. The mother said the child had also had the breast, and she had One all she could. The child got so thin that she was almost afraid to wash it.—The prisoners were , committed for trial.

GILCHRIST LECTURbS AT RUNCORN.

IThe last of the series of Gilchrist lectures was delivered in Runcorn Public Hall on Thursday ' evening, by Professor Seeley. F.R.S., of King's College, Oxford, who dealt on the subject of Volcanoes. There was again a crowded audience. The Rev, Canon Maitland Wood, rho presided in the absence of the Rev. Dr. Preston through illness, referred to the great interest that had been die- played in the lectures, and of the large amount of information that had been imparted by them, and then asked what was to be the result ? lie hoped the lecture would he a means of stirring up increased interest in the good woz k which they trusted would soon be accomplishea in that town, namely, the bull ling of a scientific and technical institute. The estimatc-a had already been sent in and accepted. fie was also to add from Dr. Preston that if they 113,1 a museum started in the institution it would be a great , pleasure to him to present his specimens to it, and he had an excellent collection. (Applause.) He trusted that other lectures would be given in that town, and the attempts would not meet with the cold water they had experienced in the past. They had a good deal si anxiety about alcourse of Oxford Extension Lectures, and be was sorry to say that the committee was still indebted to the Oxford University to the sum of about £35. 'Plat led up to the fact that at the beginning of the new year they were going to have a lecture delivered early in the new year by the Secretary of the Oxford University Committee, Mr. Sadler. If they were favoured with another course of lectures from the Gil- christ trustees, they would feel doubly indebted to them, and there were hopes,that in a few years the lecturers would be willing to come and see 'Runcorn again. (Ap- plause. The Lecturer remarked that the term "volcano" was ' understood to mean more or less the conical elevations upon the earth's surface which had been built up by material ejected from below. When they considered the vast number of enormous elevations scattered over the earth's surface, and especially near the shores of great oceans, they would imagine that there must be some method in those disturbances if nature by which the frequently molten material from the interior was poureii upon the surface. The force which produced volcanoes was in some way related to the force which heaped up the mountain chains, upon which volcanoes were fre- quently reared, and was also closely related to the force which heaped up islands and great masses of land. Extinct volcanoes were to be found in the interior of continents, but those which were active were always to be found near the sea shore. fhe question arose, "What force in nature was capable of heaving up such large portions of the surface of the globe?" The farce. was heat, and then the question presented itself, "Whence came the heat ? " This he could not tell with absolute certainty, but he could tell them what was the theory of advanced scientists. They believed that the heat had been in the earth from the beginning, and that it was part of the great plan by which the earth was brotieht in- to existence. It was due to the force of gravitation which di ew towards the centre of the earth those materials of which the earth consisted. Owing to time resistance which those materials offered to the various processes of me- chanical energy it became converted into heat. As the earth shrunk more and more towards its interior the temperature of heat inevitably became higher. It was generally supposed that the interior of the earth was 1, molton, but it was beyond all question solid. There was I the phenomena ot the tides due to the action of the sun and moon, which represented the difference between the heaving of the water and the heaving of the land. The globe had been proved to be rigid as much so as a globe of rigid steel. The reason why the high internal heat did not liquefy the globe was that liquefaction could only ensue when it was capable of overcoming the pres- sure by which the substance was surrounded, The answer to the question as to what caused volcanoes was that they were the results of the escape or loss of the internal heat of the earth. The lecture was beautifully illustrated by numerous photographs shown by the oxy- i hydrogen lantern. The Chairman proposed a vote of thanks to Professor I Dee!ey and also to the Gilchrkt Trustees for permitting I the town to have the very great advantage of these lec- tures. They had sent admirable men who had interested them very much. The vote was carried by acclamation and Professor Deeley, in reply, said the Gilchrist Trus- tees would learn with pleasure of the prok.ct of a Techni- cal Institute,vvhich he had no doubt would be the means of bringing happiness to many.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED STABBING OUTRAGE AT

BOLD.

On Wednesday, before Alderman Tim mis,at Wid- nes Police Court, a woman of respectable appear- ance named Alice Ellison, Union-lane, Bold, was brought up on a charge of unlawfully wounding a young woman named Margaret Riramer, daughter of a Bold farmer, in Conder-lane, Bold, on Monday evening. Mr. J. W. Knowles appeared for the defence. —Superintendent Keighley, in stating the case, sad the woman Rimmer went to the prisoner's house and they had some words about something in respect to making a dress. It was alleged by the prosecutrix that the pri- soner during the altercation struck her across the ear with something, cutting right through the right ear and cutting the main artery at the back of the head. The injured woman was Still confined to her bed, end was in a weak state, and he would have to ask for a remand until Monday next.—Police-constable F:irster said bid a •rested the prisoner at twenty minutes to five o'clock on Tueslay morning. He had seen the injured woman that morning, and she was; not fit to appear in court.—Dr. Henry Raker Bates, of Sutton Oak, said he was called to attend the injured woman about half-past two on Tues- day morning. He found her suffering from Revere hemorrhage and shock. She was in a very collapsed condition owing to the great quantity of blood she had lost. At first he did not think she would live through the night. fie had seen her that morning, and she was still in a critical condition. She made a statement on Tuesday morning in the presence of the prisoner.—Mr. Knowles did not object to a reinand.—Superintendent )(Oakley could not consent to bail owing to Missllimmer's critical conditinn,and the prisoner was remanded in cus- tody until Monday.

ORATORIO " SAMS-ON " AT RUNCORN.

The performance of this oratorio by the combined fires of the Warrington and Runcorn Musical Societies was repeated in the Drill Hall at Run- corn on Wednesday even'ng before a large audience. The chorns,.band and principals were the same. and Mr- Crossley again wielded the baton. With the experience gained on the previous night there was a noticeable inourovement in the work of the chorus all round andtlas general verdict was that finer choral singing had nnt previously been heard in Runcorn. The powerful and dramatic passages, and the subdued and plaintive num- bers were rendered with equal confidence and effeut, the , orchestra fulfillini; their part with skill and judgment. To the air " Let the Bright Seraphim," Mr. R. W. rierpoint played the trumpet ohligato on the cornet in a telling and artistic manner. The principa's achieved unmistakeable SUCCet3FeA In their several parts, and were each honoured by being encored. Mr. Bantock Bier- point had a most enthusiastic reception and the audi- ence were delighted no less with the qualities of his voice than with the wealth of expressive force he infused into his singing. An extended critique of the performance at Warrington will be found on page 3.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
COLLIER'S use over ten tons of Flou- every week.—Art. IMPORTANT SALE OF FREEHOLD ESTATES AT WIDNES. Mr. J. B. Leach, of the firm of J. B. and B. Leach, St. Helens, submitted to public auction, at the Central Hotel, Widnes, on Tuesday, several extensive plots of freehold building land belonging to the estate of Major Cross. An influential company assembled. Six lots were submitted, and all having been withdrawn, Mr. Leach then put up the whole of the estate in one lot, comprisis.g 252,199 square varJs, or a little over 52 statute acres, and a bid of £3.000 was put in, followed by bids of £9,000, £9,500 and £lO,OOO, at which figure the whole was knocked down, the interest in the sale being kept up to the last. Messrs. Oliver Jones. Billson, Jones and Madge were the solicitors acting for the vendor.

• BVERYTIIING i 8 110 M for aniallostprofit at CO LLIER.B ,t2,Greca- way-rd.,Halton-rd.,Egerton-st.', Bridge at.43,Churelvit.—Advt.

EXPLOSION AT THE SEAMEN'S MISSION AT RUNCORN. On Sunday morning, about 11-30, the convegation worshipping in the Institute connected with the Mersey Mission to :ieamen, Runcorn, were startled by an explo- sion ; but anything like a panic was prevented by the officiating clergyman,the Rev. C. F. Montgomery.recom- mending his hearers to remain seated. On examination, it was discovered that one of the pipes connected with the heating appAratus, in the room below, had burst, forcing away the top of the stove, and throwing the burniog material allover the room. The red hot cinders set fire to the block floor, and the place was filled with smoke. Prompt efforts resulted in the extinguishing of what might in a few minutes have proved a very serious fire. Fortunately no persons were in Use room where the explosion occurred at the time. PaucEAßD's have now stood the test for fifty years, and quality and first class workmanship are OAR guaranteed dirt.

POACHERS IN RUNCORN DISTRICT. At Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday, before Mr. A. Thomas and Mr. T. Rigby, John Davies, of Ilalton-rcad, was charged under a warrant cu the information of Joseph Stokes, of Rock Savage, that on August 13th, at Clifton, he trespassed on certain land in his occupation, in search of game or rabbits.—Defendant acknowledged the trespass.—Mr. Stokes stated that on returning from church, on the date named, he and Mr. Grice saw a number of men in a field with dogs. The hedge side was greatly disturbed. Explosives had also been used for the destruction of fish, some of which were subsequently found floating on the water dead.—Fined ss. and 17s. costs.—Samuel Bailey, boatman, Runcorn, was summoned for using a dog for the purpose of search- ing for game on land in the occupation of John Fryer,at Norton, on the 3rd inst. Defendant was also summoned fen trespassing in pursuit of game on the same land.— Albert West, gamekeeper to Sir Richard M. Brooke, stated that he saw the defendant with a dog, working a field. The animal was apparently hunting for game.— Defendant admitted the trespass,but denied that he was in search of game. He also asserted that he had no dog with him.—ln the first case a fine of ss. and costs was imposed, and in the second defendant had to pay the costs.

When In want of a CHASTE and ELEGANT Wannrxo or RTIIDAY PRESENT go LO PRITCHARD'S, 51. Ifigh-street.— Acta.

- - POSTAL ARRANGEMENTS FOR CHRISTMAS. Owing to the fact that this year, Christmas comes on a Monday, it is rather difficult to make proper arrangements for the increased traffic which invariably occurs at that time. The post office authorities had issued notices requesting the public to post their letters and parcels not later than Fri- day, and they are anxious that the public should tall in with this suggestion. As every one knows the train service on Sunday is very different from that on ordinary week days, and there are not the same mail trains on that day as other days. There- fore lithe posting be deferred until Sunday, it is vary probable that many Christmas good wishes will not be delivered until Tuesday morning, when Christmas is over. Furthermore parcel work is not done on Sunday. At the same time, the authorities are making extensive arrangements to cope with the traffic, and the staff will be strengthened by having special carriers. The staff will also be sup- plied with coffee, &c., and everything will be done to make them comfortable. There is one favour which the post office authorities are particularly anxious to ask of the public, viz., that they will not offer drink to the postmen at Christmas time. 'FTPLENDID NEW CIJIIRA.NTS 2d. per lb. at COLIIER'S.—Adrt. CLAIM FOR A WATCH. —INTRRESTING TO PAWN- ruioxsens. At the Warrington County Court, on Thursday, before his nOTIOUT Judge Wynne Ffoulkes, Dan Coyne, Kerfoot-st., sought to recover a silver lever watch which had been pledged with the defen- dant Mr. E. V. Morton, pawnbroker, Winwick-st. Mr. Wyse, solicitor, Manchester, represented the plaintiff. and Mr. Unsworth, solicitor, Warrington, defended. From the evidence of the plaintiff, it ap- peared that in March, a man named Heron, son of a traveller, in the employ of Mr. Wyse, watch maker, of Manchester, who had sold a watch to him,called upon Coyne, and told him that the watch had got out of repair, and he promised to take it to the maker, Mr. Wyse to have the repairs executed. Plaintiff had never seen the watch since.—Mr.Wyse, of Manchester, who had instituted•the proceedings, said that the watch was supplied to Coyne to be paid for in weekly instalments. The instalments not having been kept up, he called upon Coyne. who told him that he had given the watch to Heron to take to Manchester to have it repaired. Witness eventually discovered that the watch had been pawned by Heron at the defendant's shop. Hs th.n obtained Coyne's consent to commence pror—,,ilngs against defendant for the recovery of the watch.— Mr. Unsworth submitted that although he admitted that by common law, the plaintiff was entitled to the watch, no demand had been made by the plain- tiff for it prior to the action being instituted, and that, therefore, the claim could not be made out. • Mr. Morton had received the watch in good faith, • not knowing that it had been stolen.—His Honour, ! however, held that the service of the summons was sufficient demand, and gave judgment for plaintiff.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND BEEN AT ItUNCOItN. BY AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT.

Emboldened by the successor the nrize distribu- tion, and concert last winter, Mr. .1. F. Moulton,the head teacher at Greenway-toad Board School, has engaged the Public Hall, on Monday evening next, for a similar demonstration. The progress of these schools since their erection has been very rapid and the SUCCOSs achieved complete. Handicapped at, at the commencement with unpromising material in the shape of " outcasts" from other schools, and with very few other scholars, the school is now tilled to over-flowing in every department and the results achieved at the Government examinations are in every respect highly satisfactory. In fact, such a character has the school attained that par- ents are continually applying for the admission of their children, but, unfortunately, in consequence of the lack of room, education has to be sought in other institutions. Tee School Board have just taken a step which will obviate to some extent this drawback, by deciding to extend the girls' school, so as to provide accommodation for about 80 more scholars, hut judging from appearances the time is not far distant when a greater and more complete extension of the school will have to be made. The teachers deserve every credit for the high standard of efficiency to which they have brought the school. Punctual and regular attendance is of the utmost importance,if the pupil is to thoroughly master the subjects taught, and at (31reenway-road Board schools these two things, punctuality and regularity.are attained by a series of magic lantern entertainments, which are instructive as well as amusing, and by the giving of prizes to those de- serving of reward, and they are many. The neces- sary funds, it may be necessary to state, do not come from the rates, but are raised in a manner which is applicable to every other elementary school. The ratepayers have every reason to be proud of their schools. Last year Mrs. Brunner dis- tributed the prizes; on Monday evening, Mrs. Tom- kinson, of Withington Hall, will perform the cere- mony,snd also give an address. As Mrs. Tomkinson is a bright and polished speaker, and a sincere educationist , her observations, will no doubt he well worth listening to.. The entertainmenz promises to be interesting andl diverting. --- Northwich Union is to he congratulated on initia- ting the movement for obtaining a revision Qf the basis of the county rate. A revision has not been made since 1886, and in the long interval that. has intervened,there has nu doubt keen a general rais- ing of the rateable value, while in individual town- thins, great changes have taken place. The com- munication read at Runcorn Board of Guardians on Tuesday, showed that at liwtock Gralam in North wich Union. the, rateable value had nearly doubled, and in many others there were striking increases. The decreases were small and unimpor- tant. Mr. Ashton. the clerk, presented some figures which showed a total increase of .£15,000 in the rateable value of five townships since 1886. It was unanimously decided to support the ,Appenl of Northwicla Union for a revision of the basis, and there is every relson to believe that the County Couneil will yield to the request.

The proposal to memnralise the Queen to grant a borough bench of magistrates met with little favour at Widnes Town Council on Tuesday. Only the proposer and seconder Councillors O'Donnell and Gough. voted in favour of the proposal, an unmis- takeable evidence that the Corporation are satisfied with the present magisterial arrangements.

At thP Lichfield Club rnePtiniz, on Thursday, Mr. James Brundrit, added another prize to his URI' of successes t his winter on the coursing field. His greyhound Bessie White defeated tire oppo- nentsand won the Uxbridge stakes worth about .£7O. In the same stakes he bad another dog. Bessie Little, which was defeated in the semi, final by Mr. T. Hardy's Home Grepn whtch had tb succumb to Bessie White in the final.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0057.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
einffiM

===== 0002601_18931216_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
i RUNCORN BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS.

THE NHW.BUILDING BYELAISS.

At the Town ll all, on Thursday -tri-o-;;;ing-;: an in- formal meeting of Runcorn Commissioners was held for the purpose of considering the report of Mr. Barker, the surveyor, with regard to the ohjec- tions of the builders. Mr. S. Taylor presided, and there were present Messrs. P. Wiswalli 11. J. Grice, E. Irr ison, W. Handley, J. Pritchard, J. Meadow- Croft, H. Bishrown, W. Leach, and E: Wynne- Ilumphreye, with F. A. Lake (law clerk), E. Mar- shall (secretary), and M. Barker (surveyor). After discussing the subject in private for about an hour and a half, it was decnied to admit the Press.—Mr. Humphreys, Chairman of the Byelaws Committee, said the committee were prepared maintain their position, and he hoped the Board would stick to their decision to adopt the byelaws.—ln reply to Mr. Prit- chard,the surveyor said the clauses in the byelaws with regard to closets all pointed to the advantage of the water carriage of excrete and dry pits for ashes. There was nothing that applied to or provided for the present combined privy and ashpit system. —Mr. Pritchard asked what was to be the nature of the accommodation to be provided in the town in the future.—Mr. Humphreys replied that the Local Government Board objected to the present I system of privies and ashpits combined. In clause 81. there was a regulation that those who constructed pri- vies in connection with buildings should provide means, for frequent removals. Seeing that experts were favour- able to water carriage, the Committee considered they would be acting unwisely to jeopardise tine byelaws 10 order: ti insist upon the r,tention of the preseet system which had been condemned:time after time.—Mr. Prit- chard said the new byelaws would abolish the combined ashpit.aed privy and either water carriage,earth closets, or the pail system would have to be adopted in the I future. 'fhat tease serious matter. Some towns which had adopted the modern bvelaws still adhered to the old principle, and did not enforce the carrying out of either one or thin other of the alterations. Such an important Matter ought to have been considered by the whole Beard.—The Cliairman: We are evidently helpless on the point.—The Surveyor said it might be that Widnes del not enforce their own byelaw.—elr. wall : Hew long is it since the Widnes peoplo adopted their byelaws.—Mr. Pritchard : Three years.—Mr. Wis. wall said perhaps three years ago the L ical Government Board eanetioned the exemption. Their position was that the sanitary condition ot the town was deplorable through the present system. He agreed that it was a serious matter, but not in the direction Mr. Pritchard meant, but rather as regarded the health of the town. He strongly suppoited the edoption of the new regula- Hons.—The Cnairman said the Local Government Board Would not allow them to alter the new byelaws, and in his opinion If they had Lemi in existence thirty years ago, Runcorn would have been iris fir different state to what it was that day. It was all very well that people forithe sake of a little expense should object to the pro- posal but those who had lost membere of their family through insanitary conditions would not hesitate te say that the new scheme should be enforced. They had insanitary property in the town and as a Board they had been charged with neglecting to have the evil remedied. now they had an opportunity of causing a reform and they ought to do it independent of a little expense.—Mr. Handley said the time had come when they must abolish the present system of admits. They would never have a healtey town so long as the present system was in vogue. It would be a distinct advantage in every res- pect to adopt the byelewe. The removal of refuse was to be performed within a week. That combined with the fact that water carriage would be found to bethe cheap- est and best mode for the removal of excrete would make every future house in the place more sanitary Mr. Leach pointed out that there was only one builder amongst the deputation to the committee ; he knew several builders anti contractors who were in favour of the byelaws It was the duty of the board to protect the poor from insanitary conditions.—Mr. Meadowcroft personally did not raise any objectien but said the carrying out of the regulations would cause the property owners considerable expense which would have to be paid indirectly by the tenants. Mr. unison said the combined aellpit and privy had been responsible for many of the ills they were suffering from,and its abolition would bring great congratulation to him. He implored the Board not In allow any supposed hardship to delay the coming into force of the byelaws.—After the speeches Mr. Humphreys replied and st tted that the late Mr. Coward wine was a practi- cal builder, supported the now bye-laws. The discussion then ceased.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
SCANDALOUS CRITELTY TO A CHILD AT

WARRINGTON.

TILE BOARD OF GUARDIANS CENSURED. Alice Atkins, 309, Winwick-road, was brought before the Warrington magistrates yesterday, on the charge of cruelly iliteeating Mary Ellen Connor, her adopted daughter, on various dates between September 15h, and December 7th. Mr. E. S. Ciiles, solicitor, Chester, who prosecuted on behalf of the N.S.P.C.C., said that the cruelty COM- plAined of was of a serious and atroci.ms character. The defendant some time age, went to the 'Board of Guardians, and asked permission to adopt a child as she had none of her own, After some time, the child, Mary Ellen Connor, who was eight years of age, was chosen. She had since treated the girl very badly, ono of the complaints elle made being that the girl did not get up early enough to light the fire. However, that might be, the defendant had struck the girl on the body repeatedly with a double leather strap. She had also illtreated her with her fists, and •n one occasion she had damaged her hand with a knife. Doctor Bowden exam- ined the girl on Saturday and found both eyes blackened and there WAS a scar of scratching on t he right cheek,the scar of a wend on the right ear, and right arm, besides extensive bruises on various parts of the body, and an incised wound on the little and ring fingers. The defen- dant had tried to explain the wounds on the fingers by saying that she took a knife out cf her hand. The defen- dant's conduct had been such that they would scarcely expect an animal to be guilty of. The little girl who was almost a baby was told to brush up, get the break- fast ready and other things before altos wont to scheol, and it appeared that the defendant could not control her temper and this was the result, because the girl Was unable to do all that was expected of her. Inspector Uphill, N.S P.C.C., said that the child i was brought to hie shelter on the Bth inst. She had then two black eyes. Ile went on to describe the various inim ries which he and Dr. Bowden discovered on examining the child's body. The child was well nourished. Ile went to defendant's house soon after the examination of the girl and asked her how she could account for the inju- ries. She replied that she could not account for them at all, unless they were done at school. She said that the girl was insured in the British Workmen's Club. Witness aftervrards laid information, and a warrant was issued. The child had been in the shelter ever since. Dr. Bow ten described the injuries, and bore out Mr. Giles' St tiement. He considered that they were caused by a blunt instrument, and a strap could cause them, or being knocked against the wall. Some of the blows on the legs had caused thickening of the bone, which indi- cated a very severe blow. Mary Ellen Connor, the little girl in quesrion,said that she was taken out of the Workhouse by Mrs. Atkins to live with her. She wanted her to serve at the table, sweep up the cruinhe,and wash up the cups and saucers before she went to schen!. She was only eight years of age. Mrs. Atkins hal hit her across the eves with a strap becsitie she lied not made the fire, and also hit her across the fine..rs. She had sometimes to go to school withont breakfse. Maria Knorr, who called for her on the way to school, gave evidence to seeing Mee. Atkins heat the girl once. Harriet Barrett, a neizlibour, and Elizabeth Wnolla- cstt, schoolmistress ef Orford schools, also deposed to seeing the girl's eyes black. The latter said that the girl was atient from school about twice a week, but she was H. very good and clever child. She was never beaten at ;he school. Mr. It Shearer, inquiry officer for the Guardians, said that the case was a most exceptional one as it was the first instance in his recollection, that the Guardians had ever allowed a child to he adopted. The woman made an eppliration to Vie Workhouse matron and asked to be allowed to have a rhild,no matter how young,to have as a daughter, as she had none of her own. The matter came before the House Committee,snd he (Mr. Shearer) was directed to visit defendant's house to see if there was any accommodation for the child. He made every inquiry, and they appeared to be respectable people,and seemed to he very comfortable, and the house wae very clean. Upon his report, the child, who was one of three orphans, WAS allowed to go under their charge. The responsibility of the Guardians ceased after this tran- sac'inn. The husband was a teetotaller at that Vine. Mrs. Atkins upon being sworn, denied any illtrest- ment of the child. She did not know how the black eyes were caused nor how she had so many injuries. Mr. Atkina,Mrs. Bibby,and Mrs. Lightfoot, each cave evidence to the effect that no ilitreatment of the child ha I been committed. Alderman Harrison In riving the decision of the Bench said that a penalty of £2 and costs would be inflicted. He had been a member of the Board of Guardians for 27 years, and during the whole time he was a member of that Board such a case its this could not possibly have taken place. He could not help thinking that due care had not been exercised In allowing the child to be adopted by persons who had only been three years in the town. He thought that a very great amount of blame snd responsibility rested upon the liaard of Guardians for what had take rt p!ale. A more atrocious case had never come before the beneli. Ile hid the highest respect for the Warrington Board f Guard ans but he still felt that due care had not been taken by the Board or its officers —Addressing the defendant Alderman Harrisnn said that if he had had his war lie would have made the penalty much more severe. Her conduct had been abominable. She had taken the child out of a home where she was cared for, and had made a slave of her, and illused hr. He wished that he was privileged to give her a more severe penalty. The total amount of the fine and coats was £5 les.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
I WARRINGTON MUSEUM.

PARLIAMENTARY TAPERS.

The following recently issued blue-books have been added to the reference department, by the donation of Mr. R. Pierpoint, M.P.—ANNUAL RE- PORTS : ' Local Government Board, Civil' Service Com- mission, Education Department ,Science and Art Depart- went, Deputy-keeper of Public Records, Medical Officer (.4 Local Government Boa-d, inspector of Alkaii Works, etc.—ANNUAL Rarcums : Statistical Abstract, Jumcial Statistics, Building Societies.—SPEClAL REPORTS: Lab- cur Commission, Agricultural L 'bound% Einploym tnt of Worried, etc., Railways Rates, Labour Depart ineut (Re- port on the Unemployed), Salt in Actractrin, etc.— SPECIAL RETURNS : Chairmen of Boards of Guardians, Justices of the Peace,Grants to R-ligious Denominations, County Divisions, Licenses Refused, etc.

lIELSBY.

HELSBY CHURCII PRIZE BAND:—A concert in aid of the above was held in the National Schools on Friday even- ing, Dec. Bth, Mr. James Reynolds, J. P.. of Fox Hill, Frodsham, presided, and the room was crowded. The items on the programme included two selections by the pand, under the able conductorship of Mr. Hanley, of Chester, which were well executed. The Misses Bowden, (of. Frodsham) were well received. Miss A. J. Bowden being encored in each part. Mr. Barlow sang " Daisy Bell ;" Mr. J, Crosland gave two banjo songs, and a cornet solo was given by Mr. C. Bate the leader of the band. Mr. H. Hull (Chester) added much to the enter- tainment by his rendering of " Mrs. Awkins," and " My old Dutch" and the stump speech of Mr. J. Beard was very laughable. Mr. J. Sudlsw ably accompanied , on the piano. The concert was much enjoyed by all and was also a financial success.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSRAM.

THE PAROCHIAL COMMITTEES. The monthly meeting of these committees was held en Friday, Mr. Alfred Thomas, J.P., presided, and there were also present—Messrs. T. Lewis, H. E. Heywood, J. M. Williams,T. Davies,W,E. Shore, P. Riley, P. Earlam, El. Tiley, Farrington (inspector), and Colonel Ashton (elerk). Plans were submitted and approved, subject to certain suggestions as to rain water storage being agreed to for a pair of cottages which it is proposed to erect near Mr. Gaskell's house at Overton. At the sug- gestion of the sub-committco it was decided to ask Messrs. H. Linaker and Son to take further levels of the main sewer in Frodsham. The Clerk read a letter from the Local Government Board, intimating that they had recommended the Public Works Loan Commi3sioners to lend to the Sanitary Authority the sum of £3,800 for Frodsham water supply at 3/1 pa' cen.:. per annum, the repayment being extended over a period of over thirty years. Mr. Heywood understood that the Board were , to be asked to allow the A,-t`hority to abstain from re- payment of any portion. of the capital until after the expiratioh of gfvs years.—Colonel A.shton stated that the Board had been requested to allow this course to be adopted, but they had evidently overlooked it. It was decided to obtain a loan on the most advantageous terms.—Mr. P. Riley called the attention of the Corn. mites to the had state of the road leading past the cot- tages in Ship-street, which was described as being in a " most disgraceful condition." After some discussion it was resolved that the attention of time waywarden he called to this road, and desiring that immediate steps be taken to have its appearance improved.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHIP CANAL.

THE CANAL.AND THE COS I' OF TRANSIT. Tables have been published showing the saving which will be effected by the new schedule of rates issued by the Ship Canal Company,as compared with the present cost of carria,ge from Liverpool to Manchestrr. The following shows the cost of bringing the articles men- tioned (which are selected as examplisi by the Ship Canal, including the Canal Company's actual charges:— Canal toll Savings and Law-ling Total by Ship Articles,per newt. wharfage. °hares. per ton. Canal. a. d. a. d. a. d. a. d. Cotton Wool Sugar (loaves) Sugar (in casks or bag.) 4 0 Baron and hams Tinned meats Tea 6O . 1 6 Grain (wheat in sacks)... 3 0 Fruit (oraoges) 5 0 ...... 0 6 ...... 5 6 ... 0 6 Pesioleum Tallow Iron ore Tic.ber 3 0 . 0 6 CUSTOM-HOUSE FOR THE SHIP CANAL. Her Majesty's Board of Customs have determined to establish their Custom-house in Salford for the purpose of dealing with the merchandise and goods arriving at the docks of the Ship Canal. and the Board have ar- ranged to open a temporary Custom-hou e in Trafford.. road, preparatory. to the erection of a smtable building.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CANAL A r RUNCORN.

Dredging operations are being extensively carried on in the Runcorn district, and there appears every reasoa to believe that the requisite depth will be reached in the course of a week or two. The dam at the old Quay has been removed. On Monday 'at noon an exciting incident occurred. A mud hopper,had been filled by the dredger Barry, and was being towed town the canal by the steamer Liberator. When near Runcorn Bridge the hopper " listed" over throwing the huge buckets of mud into the water and also the crew of two men. Ose man could swim whilst the other had not that accom- plishment, but both was saved by the crew of the steamer after strenuous exertions. Both men were in an exhausted condition. The buckets were recovered on Wednesday. The shipping trade at Runcorn has eon- aiderablv improved during the ptst fortnight, many vessels, coming both by the Nleraey and along the Ship Canal, having entered the docks. On Saturday after- noon the Katandiu arrived in the layby at Runcorn, con- taining 1,857 loads of deals, consign. d to Messrs. Pierce Watts, and Co. She is the largett boat to come alnng the new waterway so far as Runcorn. She draws 201 t 6in. She entered the canal at Eastharn on Friday after- noon at two o'clock, and after reaehing Ellesmere Port she grounded on the slope. Here she had to remain until the midnight tide when she floated, put it was considered advisable to wait until daylight before proceeding further along the channel. The steamer African Prince,764 tons burden, arrived in Salt- port on Friday.and left on Monday with a general cargo for Mediterranean ports for Messrs. Gotieh and Cross- thwaite, of Liverpool. A fie, named Ann Maria, belong- ing to Mr. Abel, general carrier, Runcorn, sailed up ta Warrincton with material far the Ship Canal, arid another', known as the Red Tail, belonging to the same owner, was the first to pass through the Widnes' lock ,the gates belonging to which worked in a satisfactny manner. His flat Snowdofl. also came from Weston Point to Runcorn, on Friday, in full sail. SOME INTERESTING PAR TICULARS. The Warrington Corporation, we understand have at length arrived at a settlement with the Ship Canal Com- pany on the matters which have been in negotiation for ;tome time past. The Ship Canal Company have un- dertaken to complete the dredging of the river within six months after the opening of the canal for traffic. ['Mae manufacturers who are now using barges and boats in the river are to have the use ,f the canal And the right of using the Rencorn and Lateliford canal, passing into it at Twenty Step Bridge. free of toll until the dredging is completed, and all other manufacturers and traders of Warrington will have the right to use the canal on the it Janus ryfrons Eastharn to hatch ford.and alto the right to use the lock atTwentyS,er Bridge andthe canal leading to the river on preciriely the same terms as those contained in the Act of 1885 for the bentlt of the traders of Warrington, namely 41, per ton. This privilege is secured to the traders until the dam and the lock at Walton are completed and made available for traffic. To-day (Saturday), a visit to the canal will be made by representatives of the press, at the invitation of the directors of the Company. For the information of the party an excellent handbook has been published by the Company. containing some very interesting memoranda. According to this useful publication it enema that the area of land that has been purthased is 4.520 acres, and the amount claimed for purchase money aed riompenm- don £2,195,519. The amount paid is 139,354. The surplus lands available for resale are 2,500 acris. The total leneth of the canal 1. 351 miles and the minimum depth 261 t. with an average width of 172 feet. The Warrington docks which are to be cnn.tructed will occupy for water space 24 acres. The area of the quays will be seven acres aad the I ngth two thirds of a mile. The two high level road bridges across the canal at Latch ford and at Warburton, known as the Cantilever bridges, have spans .1 306 leet and a clear head way of 75 feet from water level Rid] bridge weighs 783 tons, and has a road way 25 feet wide. There are seven high level railway bridges, ranging in spans from 137 feet to 266 feet. The heaviest bridge is at Acton Grange. Its weight being 1,916 tons, whilst the next heaviest bridge is at Latchford, weight of which is 1,220 tons. To give some idea of the appliances used in the undertaking we cull the following:—" Plant, Arc., in use duringrthe huaiest period of construction ; steam excavators, &c., 100, including 10 floating dredgers, 3 cranes German navvies, 2 French navvies, and 55 Roston and Proctors; locomotives, 173; steam and other other 194 ; portable and steam engines, 182; steam pumps, 209 ; wagons. 6,300; pile engines, 59; length o: temporary railway. 223 miles number of men and boys. tons),is estimated about 16,361: number of horses, 196; quantity of coal uied excavation million nn monthly, 10,000 tons; quantity of cement used monthly, 6,000 tons. The totayleam, (hmt amount of at 51.000,009 cubic rd one-fifth being sandstone rock An English excavator can remove 2,000 cubic yards in a day in good sod • but the average is 700 yards. A cubic card of soil weig h one and a half tnns, The total brickwork amounts coet 175,000 cubic yards, or 70,000.000 bricks • 450.000 brickste' per week were made at the Thelwall Brick Yard. The, masonry measures 220,000 cubic yards, and the ncret 1,250,000 cubic yards."

===== 0002601_18931216_art0064.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
t

===== 0002601_18931216_art0065.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
;

===== 0002601_18931216_art0066.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEM

===== 0002601_18931216_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
INFLUENZA. (La Grippe). There can be little doubt that Influenza is as prevalent now in this country as it has ever been, but as we are more accustomed to it, it attracts less attention. The symptoms are so wed known as to require no description, but the causes Are less understood. It is, however, certain that when the system has run down and is in what is termed a low condition, that it is peculiarly liable to an attack of INFLUENZA, OR LA GRIPPE. Many reniedies have been suggested, but it is gener- ally acknowledged that the best treatment is nourishing food, warmth, and a good tonic. 'the best tonic is QUININE. And it has been clearly demonstrated that the best and most effective way of administering Qoinine is the form of GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. These Bitters have many advantages, which are now fully recognised :- 1. Thely are PURELY VEGETABLE, and are a plea- sant and safe way of taking Quinine. 2. They have stood the test of TWENTY YEARS, and are acknowledged to be a HAPPY COMBINATIO of the Best Medicinal Plants yet discovered ; such as Quinine. Sarsaparilla, Lavender, Gentian, Dandelion, &c., mixed in scientific proportions, and forming a ronic prepara- tion which is ABSOLUTELY UNEQUALLED. 3. We claim that by taking a dose of these Quinine Bitters daily, say about 11 o'clock, and thus keeping the system in good order. INFLUENZA CAN BE KEPT OFF. 4. We also claim that after an attack of Influenza, when the patient is suffering from extreme wellness, lassitude, and low spirits, there is no preparation yet dis- covered equal to GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. To strengthen the system and revive the spirits. 45r om 3 WORD OF CAUTION. • All good things, whether in medicine or anything else, are now imitated; and the great success of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters has been the means of starting many imitations which are absolutely of no value com- pared with these B tters. The only advantage offered as an inducement to buy them, is,—that they are cheaper. This we admit, but assert that WORTHLESS imitations ABS DEAR AT ANY

PRICE. We hold ourselves responsible for every package, which bears the name Gwilym Evans on the stamp, label and bottle, and for no other. Sold by all Chemists, in hottl-is at 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each, sample banes at is. 41. QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING CO., LTD., LLANELLY, SOUTII WALES.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

OBSTRUCTIONISTS. Maginn Bros. were summoned before the Warrington magistrates on Monday on the charge that on December 5, they obstructed the thoroughfare in Arpley-et., by baying a cart there too long a time.—P.C. Turner said that the cart was in the street an hour.—Defendants were fined ss. including costs. Arthur Rose, cabman, was summoned for o6structing King-st. on the same date, by a horse and carriage. He left the horse and carriage in the street for twenty minutes.—P.C. Turner proved the case and defendant was fined ss. Edward Connor, was charged with obstructing Heath Side, on December 6 by leaving a carriage an unreason- able time.—P.S. Smith said that the carriage was in Heath Side Lt. 45 minutes.—Dsfendant was also fined ss. Frank Lewis, a boy aged 12 years, residing at 48 Battersby-lane, was charged with wheeling a truck upon the footpath in John-st., on November 30 to the obstruc- tion of passengers.—P.S. Cheney proved the case and defendant was fined is. ASTONISHING PERFORMANCE OF A FIGRSE OS BANE QUAY BRIDGE. Thomas Brimelow, butcher, Winwick-road, was brought before the Warrington magistrates on Monday, charged with furiously driving a horse and trap in Liver- pool-road on December 4th. Mr. NV. Knowles defended. Frederick Skelland said that on the 4th inst. he was going down Bank Quay bridge at about 7-45 p.m. in company with his brother-in-law, Henry Ficton, when they heard a horse and trap coming down the bridge at great speed, and when they got opposite Cresfield's lodge the wheel come off. The horse continued its course with the trap which bumped along for some distance.—Henry Pictcn corroborated the last witness. Mr. Bunt : " How fast do you consider the horse was going."—Witness :"Thirty miles an hour "(great laughter). Mr. Monks (presiding magistrate) : " Don't you mean thirteen." Witness : "No, thirty." Alderman Harrison : " Why that is rail- Nap speed. In answer to further questions, witness said that he was well acquainted with horses and fre- quently went out with them —Jacob Humphries also gave corroborative evidence.—Mr. Knowles submitted that if the wheel had not come off, the case would never have been brought into the court. He denied that there was any furious driving, and said that the wheel came off owing to a faulty axle.—Wm. Brookes said that he was in the trap on Bank Quay bridge at the time the accident occurred. Be did rut consider that it was being driven too fast.—Wm. Parkinson, and Joseph Massey also gave corroborative evidence and the magistrates dismissed the case. CRUELTY TO HORSES. Joseph Phillips, 57, Forshaw-st., was charged at the Warrington Borough Court, on Monday, with working a horse, while in an unfit condition on December Ist. Inspector Luff, R.S.P.C.A ' said that he saw the defend- ant in Manchester-road, haw king mussels on a cart. The horse was in an emaciated condition. The defend- ant had only bought it about half-an-hour previously from the fair. Since that date the horse had been killed, and he (the inspector) would agree for the summens to • be withdrawn, on condition that the costs were paid. The magistrates agreed to this curse being adopted.-- Thomas Bates and James Elankinson, Longford-st., were charged with committing a similar offence, on Dec. 2nd. Inspector Luff said that on that date, he saw Bates in charge of the horse and cart in Winwick-st. The horse appeared to be in great pain on one of its forelegs, and was continually lifting it off the ground. He went to it and examined it, and found that the two defendants had been summoned for the same animal lin about a month previously. Its leg was swollen and it was unfit for work. Bates was informed that he would rt be reported, and he then toe k the horse home.—Detec- tive Monaghan corroborated. The defendant Hankinson 1.. during the hearing of the case, behaved in a most dis- )o orderly manner, both to Inspector Luff and the Chief 4.4:, Constable, and the police bad great difficulty in keeping ee him in order. In fact he had to be threatened with the 141, adjournment of the case for a day, he being kept in the bridewell all night. This threat had its effect. The magistrates fined Bates 2s. 6d. and Hankinson 10s. ana costs, or in default 14 days' imprisonment. A YOUTHFUL THIEF. Sarah Ashton, a little girl of twelve years was charged at the Warrington Borough Court,on Monday,with steal- ing a Geneva watch and chain, valued 505., the property of Edith Helsby, 42 Mersey-et., on the previous Satur- Yv'' day at about one o'clock, and also a gold ring valued 103., the property of Beatrice Helsby at about five o'clock the same day. The girl is an orphan and lived with her brother until he was sent to gaol some months ago. Since then she has lived with her aunt Mrs. Clare at 2 Stanley-st. Her aunt feeling that she could not afford to keep her, went on Saturday to several friends, among whom were the Helsbys who. promised to keep re- the girl until her brother came out of gaol. During the Pi. day, she as upstairs, helping Edith Helsby at some househola work, and the watch in question was hanging e",, on a nail in the room. On Saturday night, the watch was missed, and inquiry-was made, and the girl on being questioned denied all knowledge of it. On the following Cie• day, she was just getting ready for Sunday school, " when her manner was suspicious, and Mrs. Helsby again asked for the watch. Not getting a satisfactory answer, she took the Hovey of feeling in the girl's pocket, and on pulling out her hardkerchief, a gold ring dropped out, which Beatrice lie:sbv at once recognised as hers. P.S. Rowbottom was callt-d in, and the girl then confessed to the theft of the watch, and said that she had taken it to her aunt's house. The watch was subsequently found there.—The magistrates considering the age of the de- fendant decided to record a conviction against her. Mr. Taylor P.C.51., subsequently procured an order for the admittance of the girl into Mrs..Birt's Children's Home, Liverpool. et .1 Crl . "

===== 0002601_18931216_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT. MONDAY.—Before Messrs. F. Monks (chairman), W. Pierpoint, S. Wright, and J. W. Hayward, and Alder- man Harrison. • DESERTER.—James Moss was remanded to Strange- ways on the charge of being a deserter from H.M. Connaught Bangers since February last. DRUNIC AND DISORDERLY.—Mary Ann Hankinson, 76, ilockhedge-lane, was dismissed on this charge. Tignisngo THE LAMP OUT—William Da,rbyshire,Bruche Lodge. was charged with wilfully extinguishing a lamp in Itilanchester-road.—P.C. Gibbs stated that the defend- ant climbed the lamp post and deliberately turned out the light.—The defendant said that he climbed the lamp post to light his pipe, and that his sleeve accidentally caught the tap.—Mr. Monks : A strange place to light a pipe. The magistrates decided to fme the defendant 2s. 6d. TUESDAY.—Before Mr. J. H. Fleming (chairman) and

-7)r. T. S. Smith.

- . THEFT OF BEEF.—John Edwards, forge labourer, was charged with stealing from the shop of Frederick Carlisle, butcher, Market-St., about three o'clock the previous afternoon, 3lhc of beef, his property. Pri- soner pleaded guilty. The evidence of a son of the complainant showed that the prisoner had had to go in- side the shop in order to get the meat.—The magis- trates committed the prisoner to gaol for one month hard labour. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—John Kelly for this offence in Horsemarket-st., the previous night, was fined 10s., including costs, or seven days' imprisonment.

at- SCHOOL ATTENDANCE CA SEA. -M r. G Riley, scheol tendane•e offieer, prosecuted in the following cases of irregular school attendance :—Thoina.s Jackson, Rose Inn, Dial-st., whose son was incorrigible, aas sent to the ship" Clio" ; Win. Crank, labourer. Aikin-st., fined ss. ; Isaac Crawford,forgeman, Oliver-st., 2s. 61. ;John Dutton, labourer, Turner-st.. ss. • John Fiddler, spelter worker, Back Crossley-St., 10s. ; 'Sarah Jones, Bewsey- road, ss. ; Edward Thomas, forgeman, Bostock-street, 53.; and John Clare, labourer, Stactiford-st., 55.. THURSDAY.—Before Alderman Sutton (chairman) and . .

Councillor James Fairclough. DCIINK AND DISORDERLY.—MichaeI Cavanagh, a stranger in the town, was charged with being drunk and disorderly at Town Hill the previous night. P.C. Amson said on bringing,the prisoner to the police station he threw a book to the ground which was found to be a collecting book for the colliers in the Wigan and Orrell branch. Nearly £5 had been collected. Prisoner denied that he had been collecting with it. He was fined ss. and costs or seven days. The book was retained by the police.— Elizabeth Keith, Dallam-lane, was dismissed on a charge of being drunk and disorderly in Dallam-lane on the 2nd

instant: FRlDAY.—Befcre Alderman Harrison (chairman), Alder- man Wright, and Dr. Gornall. • TEMPORARY AUTHORITY.—Owen Jones was granted temporary authority to sell in the oft license, 33 Win- wick-road, in lieu of William Unsworth, and Henry Humphries to the off license, 24 Warburton-st., in lieu of Owen Jones. Murat AND DISORDERLY.--John Higgins, 3 Back Smith-st., was fined 53. and costs for this offence. A SUSPICIOUS CRARACTER.—John Shields was charged with being a suspicious character frequenting Wilders- pool-road on the previous evening, and also with assault- ing P.C. Bell while in the execution of his duty.—P.C. Bell said that he was going along Wilderspool-road in company with Constable Newey when they noticed the priboner, who, as soon as he saw them, withdrew in a recess. Being a suspicious character they arrested him, and on the way to the poliee station, he kicked witness on the leg.—The magistrates decided to give prisoner a chance and dismissed the case. _

DISPUTE AT COCKHEDOE Mius.—Edward Riley, em- ployed at Cockhedge Mills, was charged with assaulting Bridget Coleman on November 21.—r3omplainant said that she was at work on the above date when defendant, after plaguing her all morning, pushed her and hit her on the neck. A number of witnesses were called by the complainant, one of whom in answer to defendant said that she saw the complainant hit him with an oil can, and that she and the other witnesses were told by the Complainant what to say at the court.—The magistrates however, considered that an assault had been committed and fined defendant 10s. including cost:. A Row ABOUT A CAT.—Robert Clarke, 78 Church-st. , was charged with assaulting J.senh Birchall, 82 Church- St., on December 7, and also with breakine a crutoh, the property of Joseph Birchall, who is a cripple.—Joseph Birchall said that on the night in question, the defendant accused him of setting a dog at his (defendant's) cat and knocked him down to the ground. He also broke his crutch on a stone.—Defendant was fined 10s. and costs or 14 days' imprisonment—Defendant : "But I want damages for my cat." He was informed that he must go to another court for that.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS.

SATURDAY.—Before Col. MeCorqundale (chairman), and Mr. T. D.,Crrimke Drayton. DRUNK ON LICENSED PREMISES.—Patrick Donohue, collier, was charged with being drunk and disorderly on May 9th, at Newton, on,certain licensed premises. The evidence showed that on the night of the date men- tioned, the prisoner was creating a disturbance in the Ram's Head, Newton, kept by Mr. Forster. The prisomer was drunk, and would not leave the house for the land- lord. He was served with a summons hut did -nnt appear in answer to it. The prisoner was apprehended the previous night under a warrant. The magistrates fitaed him 53. and costs or seven days imprisonment. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—BerCIard Hopkins was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Mains-road, Newton, en the 6th May last. The prisoner was sum- moned for the last named offonce in May, but absconded. He was fined 103. and costs. The following persons were also fined far this offence ;—Edward Higham, Croft, on the Bth inst in Wargrave-road, Newton, 23. 6d. and costs ; John Tatham, 2s. 6d. and costs ; Peter , Travis, on the 25th November, at Lowton, 55. and costs; ' Thomas Clare. John Mason, Thomas Brown, and Hugh Carey, colliers, at Haydock on the 3rd inst., 2s. 6d. and costs each; Luke Mannion and Martin Maunion on the 4th inst at Elaydock, ss. and costs each. IRREGULAR SCHOOL ATTENDANCE.—Joseph Jones was charged with neglecting to send two of his children regularly to school. The children attended -Warp.,rave schools and out of a possible 95 attendances they had attended 6, and 28 respectively. Mr. J. Ball, school attendance officer prosecuted. Defendant was fined 50. for each child. CHIMNEY ON FIRE. —For this offence on the 20th November, Marcus Sutton was fined is. including costs.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATION.

BRITISH

MEETING OF THE WARRINGTON BRANCH.

A meeting under the auspices of the Warrington I branch of the British Women's Temperance Asso- ciation, was held in the Gospel Temperance Mission Hall, on Monday night. There was a good attend- ance, and the chair was occupied by Mrs. H. Roberts. There were also on the platform, Mies Green (railway Mission), Miss Bessie Dutton, Misses Bradbury, Miss N. Roberts, Miss Mary Gornall, After an opening hymn, and prayer by Miss Green, Mrs. BOBERIS, in her opening remarks, said that that was the first time she had found herself in the position of occupying the chair at a public meeting so that she must ask them to excuse her if she made any mistakes. In looking around the room, she thought that they had great cause to congratulate themselves upon the pro- gress they were making. It was encouraging to meet together to strengthen each other in the good work in which they were engaged. She very much enjoyed the meeting at the Co-operative Hall a month ago, of the Social Questions Union. The two addresses of Mr. Arm- strong and Mr. Aked were full of interest. One thing that impressed her was the remark of Mr. a.ked tlat al- though the temperance party was making progress and gaining ground in the country, drunkenness was on the , increase amongst women. She thought this was a pain- ful thing, and one which the British Temperance women must take into consideiation, and they ought to do everything to overcome it. (Hear, hear.) Each mem- ber of that society ought to find and influence one of their erring sisters by their earnest sympathy, and help them to overcome the temptation. (Hear, hear.) She still remembered a saying of their dear old friend, Mr. • McMinnies, who used to say that a good chairman should be seen but very little heardsand she would profit by that saying, and go on with the programme. (Laughter and applause.) MISS GREEN moved the following resolution which was to be sent to the Premier, the Chancellor of the Ex- chequor, and the Member for the Borough :—" That this meeting, while acknowledging with gratitude the value of the recognition of the important question of the liquor traffic legislation in the Queen's speech, and heartily thanking the Government for the introduction of the Local Control Bill, in February last, expresses its great disappointment that the Government felt them- selves compelled to defer it, and calls upon them to in- troduce the Bill on the earliest date in the session of 1894," She said that she had great pleasure in moving the resolution. It was time for everyone to do battle against that 4readftil thing, strong drink. She felt that it was the strong drink that had taken very much of the g-Zory from old England, and also a great deal of the sunshine from their homes. They had heard judges say that 90 per cent, of the cases which were brought before them had resulted from strong drink. They ought to influence public opinion and the magistrates on this question. She considered that one public-house to 1,000 people to be a large proportion, but in Warrington there were about 250 public-Louses, which was a very large proportion indeed. It was, therefore, absolutely neces- sary that the public-houses should not be multiplied,and that the magistrates should not have the power to mul- tiply them. k Hear, hear.) , Miss BESSIE BUTTON seconded the resolution. Se said that at their last meeting at the Co-oporative Hall, the resolution was passed, and had been sent to Mr. Fierpoint, and she had received the following reply : " Dear Madam,—l beg to acknowledge with thanks, your letter of yesterday on the subject referred to in it, and shall give due attention in the event of the Bill being revived." He evidently had some doubt of the Bill be- ing revived. (Laughter.) She hoped that he would take the right course when it was again brought into the House of Commons. The Bill was a good one as far as it went, but they thought that the two thirds majority required was too great, and that the simple majority was sufficient. The drink traffic had wealth on its side which it would use for its own purposes, and the other ,1 site would not have this advantage. She therefore I thought that a simple majority would ba sufficient. The Bill also did not go far enough. Hotels and clubs would not be influenced by the Bill. A great deal could be done , by the women of the country, by bringing pressure to , bear upon the minds of the legislators. They had sent , a representative to the great meeting in London on the , previous Wedrissday, and everyone who had attended ; that meeting spoke of its enormous importance. She herself had been present at Rhyl on Friday at a meeting of the Flintshire delegates of the British Women's Society, at which Lady Henry Somerset was present,and the meeting was most enthusiastic. She was convinced that it was necessary for Sunday school teachers to be- come total abstainers. The ytsung people around them were not only looking to their words, but also to their lives, and the teacher should not influence them for any- thing but good, and shauld refrain from anything that would cause them to go wrong. During the meeting Miss Mary Gornall gave two " Intermezzo " solos upon the violin in an excellent man- ' ner,and Miss N Roberts sang "Come to me," and "Glory , to Thee,my God this night," for which she received loud ' applause. The usual votes of thanks concluded the meet- ing.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1893.

FOOTBALL.

Secretaries of Football Clubs are requested to note that reports of matches played on Saturday must be sent to the head office, Bewsey-street. Warrington, not later than ten o'clock on Wednesday morning.

GEORGE G. BUSSEY and Co. are leading makers of Footballs, Hockey, Golf, and requisites for Sports. Games, and Gymnasia. Catalogue may be had on application to the Sports Manufactory, Peckham, London, S.E. BEST < Cep (t.

RUGBY. WARRINGTON v. SWINTON.

Fortune did not shower her bounteous smiles on War- rington on Saturday, when the club met its strongest opponent, Swinton. Nevertheless, she did not shower any more smiles on Swinton. Both clubs seem to have secured an equal share of the Fickle Jade's favours, for the game was a draw. It was a draw in two senses, however, for in addition to the fact of equal scores mak- ing the game a draw, the game itself made a large draw of spectators. No less than 700 persons accompanied the Warrington team to Swinton, and in addition a tremend- ous " gate" of Swintonians was present. It was a great source of gratification both to Warrington spectators and players, that the club should have so successfully competed with the toughest of their antagonists. Indeed, it has been whispered—but utter it not to Gath—that if Warrington can only maintain their form of the past few weeks there is a great chance of their gaining posses- sion of the coveted cup. May the whispered prophecy find fulfilment. Both teams were representative ones, and were as follows : Swinton : W. Winterbottom, back; F. P. Jones, J. Valentine, W. Pearson, and J. T. Lewis, three-quarter backs; H. Brockbank, and R. Flosker, half-backs ; H. Case, G. H. Murray, T. Rothwell, F. Knowles,W. Evans, T. Hallam, A . Sharpies, and G. Sharpies, forwards. War- rington : F. Heesom, back; E. Potts, P.Carey,J.W.Evans, and J. T. Massey, threequarter-backs ; John T. Bate, and James Bate, halt-backs; Fair. Turner, J. Jolley,J. Berry, T. Donohue, W. Nevins, J. Taylor, J. Buckley, and E. Bailey, forwards. Fair Turner set the ball into motion, and things very soon assumed a merry character. Very shortly after, James Bate made his mark, and then Jolley twice fol- lowed witli splendid forward play. But the Swinton forwards eventually managed to get the oval among them and charged down upon the Warrington line with very dangerouslooks ; but Heesom was sale and soon sent the invaders back to their own territory. However, like the proverbial bad pennies, the Swinton men "turned up again"—near the Warrington line. At one time they came very near scoring, but, were again frustrated by James Bate introducing one of his characteristic runs, and taking the ball with him. The centre flag was once more reached, but just at this point John Bate unfortun- ately received an injury which caused him to leave the field. His place was filled by Evans, and Nevins was 'drafted to three-quarter. Upon the resumption of play the Warrington three-quarters made themselves remark. ably conspicuous by the clever manner in which they followed up a pass by James Bate, a performance which was terminated y a splendid kick from Nevins. Play was thus taken into Swinton territory again, and, although the home backs made the most com:nendable attempts to return play, they could not claim success as theirs. However, in the course of a desperate struggle for mastery, Pearson picked up the oval and with a grand ovrintinvaded Warringtou quarters,and,although it was predicted by the home people that he would score, Heesom proved how uncertain is prophecy by interven- ing between Pearson and the goal line. Scrimmages followed, after which there set in a period of fine give and take play. A splendid attack in which James Bate, Potts, Evans and Jolley had a hand, carried hostilities into the Swinton " 25," where, from a scrimmage, James Bate passed to Potts, and the latter struggled thrmgh and scored a try. Turner failed to augument. From the drop out Bailey made, his mark and again Turner tried to place a goal without success. Then Ta lor kicked, and the ball going in the direction of Valentine that artist nipped up the leather and cleverly handed it to Pearson. The latter putting on top speed dashed through his opponents and wound up by gaining a superb try. Valentine failed to place a goal. After this both teams made strong efforts to score, and the visitors, now playing their fall complement, had decid- edly the best of the game. The half-backs were playing very determinedly, and the tackling on both sides is described as being not exactly of a drawing-room char- acter. At half-time the score was a try each. In the second portion similar tactics to those obtaining in the initial thirty-five were seen, good exchanges between the backs being followed by Pearson interceping a pass between the Bates, but Pearson Showed a want of pluck unlike his usual form, and after speeding away about twenty yards he seemed quite content to be tackled. Heesom fielded the ball several times very smartly, but did not kick with much forge. The game was now in the Warrington half, and a fine rush, in which flosker, Case and Valentine were prominent, gained further ground. Carey relieved, and then Jones got the ball from Brockbank, but was too well tackled to become dangerous. Play became very lively at this stage, and the ball did not remain in one place very long. Wen- . . . .

tine put in some useful punts, and the vcsitorsiline was threatened after a dribble by Murray.. Taylor was prominent, and Carey dribbled to the Swinton 25,where Winterbottom smartly relieved. Another rush by War- rington almost ended in Massey scoring, but, after a I scramble, relief was afforded by a fine rush, and further proceedings were waged in a more neutral quarter until no-side was signalled, when the score was :—One try (three points) each. WARRINGTON Av. SWINTON A.—After an absence of 1 five weeks from the football field, the Warringtonians encountered a strong team of Swintonians on the Wit- derspool enclosure, before a goodly crowd of onlookers. The home team started operations against the wind, and for some time the game was located in neutrll territory. Then a free kick against the visitors was splendidly utilized by Freeth, Fligham, Hampson, and Coggins dribbling to the line, and from the ensuing pack Mason passed out to Raybold, who scored far out. F:or lengthy period the play was fast and furious, but no- thing of a substantial character was forthcoming,whilst free kicks were nun3erous,Swinton eventually attacking, Stevens having a golden opportunity of dropping a goal, but the kicker was too eager, the ball going wide of the posts. Some splendid dashing work by the Warrington forwards, in which Thornton, Freeth, Eligham,flampson were noticeable, forced the visitors to defend, only to see a ietaliatory movement by the Swinton forwards carry the ball to half way, Boscow saving the rush. Lawless, jun., who was playing in splendid fashion,was again prominent, and then Thornton broke away with therball at his toes. A fine kick by Mason saw the visi- ting custodian's kick charged, but Berry smartly re- covered possession, and Bowker relieved the danger. More free kicks followed, Swinton being subjected to a heavy pressure,until the visitors broke away to Boscow, who replied to touch at centre. Rayt,old, Edleston, Edwards, and Bandies were then conspicuous, Okell replying with a long punt, which rolled dead. Harris soon afterwards got away finely, enabling his side to press the homesters rather severely for a time, when Edwards and Smith transferred the

warfare to neutral territory, half time arriving. Upon the resumption Swinton attacked vigorously, Coggins ultimately making a tine dashing run past half way. Lawless, jun., was soon conspicuous, but Swinton broke away in fine style, until Boscow checked their onward career. A splendid bout of passing between Lawless, sen., Mason, Edlesten, and Lawless, Jun., took the con- test to the the Swinton line, where Smith scored. Play after this was very fast, but there was no more scoring. Warrington were thus winners by two tries to nil.

WARRINGTON ST. MARY.S V. WIDNES RANGERS.— Played at Warrington on Saturday. The homesters were short of Burton, Welsby, and Berry, but the reserve men very ably filled the vacancies. The visitors started the ball, the game at once becoming of a very even nature, until Widnes, by very neat passing, scored, which re- sulted in a goal. After this the Saints rallied, and took the ball to the Widnes line, where Woods and Warburton had hard lines for scoring, Warburton once grounding the ball, only to be ruled back. Nothing more being scored up to half-time the score stood—Widnes,one goal; St. Mary's, nil. On changing ends the homesters con- tinually pressed. but could not score, and the game began to look as though it would end in a win for the visitors, until Swift picked up neatly and dashed over, Hill converting. On dropping out the visitors were again forced to defend,and had to touch down on several occa- sions.but managed to bring the game to a close—a draw, each having scored one goal.

LATERFORD RANGERS V. WARRINGTON HORNETS.—This match was played on the Latchford ground, on Satur- day. The visitors, who were much the heavier lot, kicked off. Play was of an evenly balanced character during the first half, but no scoring was done. After the interval the home team kicked off, and at once carried play into the visitors' quarters. Mather got hold, and passing to Johnson this player was grassed before he could get far by Ashton. A dribble by Read and Old- royd took play back on the visitors' lines, where Bram- hall had hard lines in not scoring, the ball rolling dead. The drop-out being charged down found matters looking bad for the visitors, until Johnson cleared with a kick to the 25 flag. The home forwards not to be denied rushed the ball hack to the line, where a scrimmage was formed, , and Warburton getting hold scored the first try for I Latchford, After some vigorous play Breadon got hold, and passed to Newton, who made a good run, but was pushed into touch a yard from the line. From the line out the home forwards dribbled over, Dennett scoring. The latter end of the game was of an interesting char- acter, but no additional scores were notched.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LANCASHIRE LEAGUE. SECOND CLAES. RESt.I.TS UP TO SATURDAY._

Pl 3. Won. Lost. Dm. G. T. G. T. Pts. For Agst. tilverston 9 - 6 - 2 ... 1 ...17 9 ... 4 2 ... 13 Aspull 8 5 ... 2 ... 1 ... 6 6 ... 4 3 -. 11 St. Helens- 8 ... 5 -. 3 ... 310 ... 6 3 - 10 Widnes Leigh 7 4 2 ... 1 -. 7 5 - 3 4 - 9 Lat.caster 8 4 4 0 - 7 8 -. 7 5 -. 8 R'daleSt.Casfi ... 3 3 ... 2 ... 4 5 7 4 - 8 Walkden 7 '3 4 0 510 ... 5 1 -. 6 Mosses 8 1 5 - 2 .. 4 2 -. 8 15 ... 4 Blackley 8 ... 0 - 8 - 0 - 1 0 -.11 21 ... 0

WinNks v. WALIMEN.—The above clubs met on Satur- day, on the Widnes ground, before about 2,000 specta- tors. The commencement was delayed 45 minutes owing to the late arrival of the visitors, who only brought 13 players with them. Two substitutes were obtained on the field to cmnplete the complement. Walk- den commenced hostilities, and the home men at once assumed the aggressive, and rushed down into their opponent's quarters. When play had been in progress about ten minutes Clark get possession and landed safely over the line, but Barber failed to improve. The Widnesians still pressed vigorously, and Clark almost scored again, but was floored. Drummond then got the oval, and gave a long pass to Barber, who scored splendidly, but the kick at goal was fruitless. The Widnesians gave the enemy no chance, and kept the ball near the home line, where two or three scrimmages took place. Toohey picked up, and got home behind the goal, and Barber easily converted, A few minutes afterwards Drummond made a determind rush, but was brought down Toohey, however, got possession again, and placed the oval safely home once more. Barber neatly landed over the bar. The visitors still had not a look in, and two minutes before half time Drummond got over and Barber was successful at goal. At half time the score stood—Widnes 3 goals, 2 tries; Walkden, nil. When play was resumed the ball could scarcely be sean on account of the darkness, and after play had con- tinued for ten minutes the referee blew the whistle and ended the game. The result was Widnes. 3 goals, 2 tries ; Walkden, nil. Widnes was represented as follow, : —Back, Brennan: three-quarterbacks, Atforde, Toohey, and W. Foster; half-backs, Clarke, Drummond, alui Barber; forward., Kenyon, Whelan, F. F.rst,T, Darby- shire, Hogan, Wynne, Gordon, and King. - -

. . Sr. HELENS v. ROCIM&LE Sr. CLEMENT'S.—PIayed at St. Helens. The home team were without Little and Graham. The Saints started the play,and the visitors re- turned. Doherty punted into touch at half,and the home- sters dribbled down to the 25, but the visitors returned and the passing between the home backs produced noth- ing. . Rochdale kicked from half, and Foulkes returned, racing up also to put his team on side, but Rigg was tackled just offside, and play was taken back. Rochdale were given a free kick in a good position,but just missed lat the place. After playing in the Saints' territory,pass- ing among the home backs took play down field, but long kicks took it back. The Saints were pressing, but Lewis Rigg came through splendidly,and sent into touch. Traynor missed a pass, and Rochdale were dangerous, but the ball was finally sent dead. Rochdale pressed strongly, but the Saints defended finally, and after fast play got down the field. Traynor received well from Doherty, and scored at the corner, no goal resulting. The visitor a tellowed up well, buc Foulkes saved grandly Half-time score :—St. Helens 1 try, St.. Clement's nil. A try was scored by Gladwin; and converted by Wisely. Final result :—St. Helens 1 goal 1 try, Rochdale nil. •

NEW BRIGHTON V. RIINCORN.—There was a good atten- dance at [Award on Saturday to witness the first of the season's engagements between these Cheshire teams. The Ituncormans started, and, following the usual exchanges, play settled down in the centre. Abrams eventually got the ball away, but Warder was at fault. Cannel' dribbled on, and the Runcorn half was invaded. Faulkner checked the movement, but Drinkwater inter- cepted a-pass and made headway, following which Bleasdale sent ahead, enabling Cannel to cross the line. Ellis failed at the place. Following this reverse, the Runcnrnians got away strongly, and a couple of free kicks were awarded, but nothing tangible came of them. For some time the play located in close proximity to the Brighton line, and here Ellis put in some capital saving work, and later led on a strong rush to the centre. Houghton again transferred the play to the opposing end, but the tackling of the Brightonians was clean and safe. Eventually Faulkner passed out to Abrams, who romped over the line in good position, but Warder failed , to convert. Following the drop out, the play ran on fairly even lines, but ultimately the ball was again ' worked to the home line by Butterworth and Richardson. After packs had been formed near theoline, Richardson again got possession, and ran in near the corner, But- torworth failing at goal. This brought about the inter- val, when Runcorn were leading by two tries to one. On resuming the general play ran favourably to the Runcornians, for whom Richardsm scored his second

try. No other points being scored up to the close of the game, the final result was ;—Runcorn, 3 tries ; New Brighton 1 try. Teams ; New Brighton—Simpson, back ; thinkwater, Lewis, and Cannel', three-quarter backs •, Bleasdale and F. Lura, half-backs ; Williams, Ellis, Miller, Walker, Clare, Spragg, Saividge, Smith, and Gullan, forwards. Runcorn—Houghton, back ; Richardson, Butterworth, Morris, and J. Warder, three- quarter backs; Abrams and J. Faulkner, half backs ; Reece, Langley, Davies, Farmer, Moores, Williams, Tay- lor, and Jordan, forwards. The "Liverpool Mercury" thus comments on the game, "The visits of Runcorn are always productive of a stir, even in the lethargic circles of local Rugby foot- ball. Their game on Saturday was with the New Brigh- ton team, and the result brought about the first defeat of the seasiders this season. There was a capital muster of spectators. The opening stages of play were of a sensational character, for before the game was a minute old Drinkwater intercepted a pass, whereupon Cannell joined issue, and to the consternation of the Runcorn section of the crowd a try was gained barely five minutes from the start. This was an eye opener for the Run- cornians, but they speedily recovered, and in turn Abrams and Richardson ran in tries, but neither was converted, and Runcorn led at half time by two tries to one. The after portion of the game was mainly in favour of the wearers of the green,for whom Richardson scored his second try, and New Brighton were beaten by nine points to three. Both sides were well balanced,but in paint of cleverness the Runcornians were quite two tries ahead of their opponents." ST. HELENS RECREATION V. TUEBROOK.—At St. Helens, before about 1,000 spectators. Tuebrook started, and Molyneux returned to touch. The visitors had the best of the play bra few minutes, but Gill got away from a scrimmage,and ran to the 25 flag before he was collared. Molyneux and Pilkington further improved the Rees.' position, and Gill scored at the corner. Seddon failed to kick a goal. From the kick-off Tuebrook paid a visit to the Recs.' territory, but Cheetham saved well when danger was threatened. The Recs. worked down the field, Hughes being especially prominent on the wing. Seddon received and passed to Pilkington, who raced along field,Buley failing to stop him, and scored. Seddon again missed. Splendid passing was witnessed between Pilkington, Gill, Seddon, and Hughes, and later on good play on the part of Hughes enabled Seddon to score. Molyneux made a good but unsuccessful attempt to place a goal. Play ruled even for a while. Half-time score :—St. Helens Recreation 3 tries, Tuebtook nil. In the seccn I half, Molyneux and Harper scored for the Rec., Molyneux kicking the two goals. Final result : St. Helens Recs. 2 goals 3 tries, Tuebrook nil.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVERPOOL JUNIQR LEAGUE.

ittiNconx v. NEW BRIGHTON (" A " TEards).—This League fixture was played at Runcorn on Saturday before a fair attendance of spectators. Neither team was fully represented., owing the call made upon them by the senior organizations. The following were the players for Runcorn I—Lightfoot, full-back T. Robinson, J. Nickson, and H. Myers, three-quarter backs ; G. Robin- son,and J. Hollingsworth, half-backs ; Antrobus, Welbe, Clarke, Cayter. Moores,Shaw' J. Ftndleburv, C. Penble- bury,and W.Evans,forwards. Edwards started on behalf of New Brighton. and Shaw charged the kick down, the game being waged on the visitors' lines. Runcorn missed a.n easy chance. The New Brighton forwards relieved spldididly, and Myers was forced to kick dead. ngs- worth put in a splendid run, but was held by Edwards before he could pass. However, a minute later the same player gave Myers a pass, who scored at the corner flag, Antrobus making a grand bid for goal. The visi- tors after this reverse paid a visit to the other end,where T. Robinson saved nicely. Following some splendid pass- ing inaugurated by Nickson, Gayter scored a fine try, but the kick again failed. Runcorn were soon pressing again, and a passing movement between the brothers Robinson ended in Tom scoring, but again the goal kick failed. Half time result : Runcorn, 3 tries ;New Brigh- ton, nil. Antrobus started the second half, to which there was no reply,the game being loca'zed in the visitors 25. Here New Brighton were penalized for off-side play, and from the ensuing kick Clarke by smart following up scored a meritorious try, T. Robinson successfully negotiating the shot. The home team had now fairly got the measure of their opponents, and hostilities were waged within these quarters. G. Robinson and Hollings- worth fairly outwitted the opposing halves with same I clever passes, which resulted in the former scoring a grand try, from which a goal was placed. Myers made a beautiful run, and experienced hard lines in not get- Ong over. From the ensuing scrimmage G. Robinson scored his second try, no goal resulting. The drop-out gave New Brighton a chance, and Smith got a clear field ,-Ining all over a scorer, but was finally overhauled. Runcorn quickly retaliated, and following some good passing G. Robinson again crossed their line. The game I eventually ended—Runcorn, 2-5-3; New Brighton nil.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

WARRINGTON ST. EEPRIN'S V. ORFORD BARRACKS.— Played at Dalton Bank qi fine weather. The Saints were without the Rev. T. W. Cook and Forbes, their places being taken by Phcenix and Sherwood. Scarisbrick kicked off, the home front rank making tracks for the Barracks goal, but Jones was handy and neatly robbed. iaylor and transferred to midfield, Tickell getting pos- session and, neatly evading Reid, placed in the goal mouth, Taylor scoring. From the re-start Tweed's and Turner got well down, Mirshall intercepting a grand shot from Turner. For a few minutes play was in mid- field, and then Radford got possession and passed to Kickinbottom, who shot high over the bar when he had the goal at his mercy. Tickell followed this up with a fine throw in the goal mouth,Hatton heading the secoad point for the Saints. This was quickly followed by a third from Marshall. The Barracks were now showing I up, but could make little headway against Colley and Marshall. Half-time :—St. Elphin's, 3 aoals • Orford Barracks, nil. Jones re-started, and the Barracks made a good attack, hut thanks to some capital work by Sher- wood and Marshall, Jones's charge remained intact. A grand bit of work by the Saints front rank was well met by the Barracks defence. Hatton, when in a good position, missed two easy chances, and then Turner had a shie at Jones, who cleared in fine style. Phcenix gave to Scarisbrick, who shot wide, Taylor doing likewise a moment later. A foul against Phcenix in the goal mouth enabled the Barracks to score. Final result :- 1 St. Elphin's, 3 goals ; Orford Barracks, 1 goal.

WARRINGTON L. AND N. W. ALBIONS V. WARRINGTON POST OFFICE.--The above match was played on the ground of the former, Arpley Meadows. The visiting team arrived late and two thirties were agreed upon. The Albion won the toss and Post Office kicked off. Give and take play occurred for about ten minutes, when the Albions, through a combined movement by the whole of the front rank, drew first blood with a good shot from the foot of Evans. Eventually the Post office broke away. but the Albions' defence was impregnable, and from a return by Griffiths, Connor fi..r the Albions scored. Half time arrived with the score— Albions, 2, P.O , nil. Restarting the P.O. played up but it was of no avail, the Albions defence being perfect. The railway men ran the leather down, and Connor added number 3. The Post Office now played up for all , they were worth, and a splendid shot by Dykes hit the crossbar, going dead. They were at last driven back, and the Albions put on another point, and the whistle blew with the Albions pressing strenuously. Final result Warrington Albions, 4 goals, Warrington P.O. nil.

WARRINGTON ASSOCIATION V. CHESHIRE MAGPIES.—The Magpies came to Warrington with an unbroken record, expecting to add another win to their list. The hsme team were without Mather and Linaker. Connorkicked off. For the first few minutes the Magpies pressed, till Clarke relieved. Connor went off with a grand run, but his shot went wide. The Magpies again took up the running, and forced a corner from Forrest. Immedi- ately after they scored from a free kick near goal. They again attacked, and sent the ball through, just as the whistle went for hands. Warrington now had a turn, and a good shot by Reid almost scored. Fennelley raced down the left and scored with a grand shot from the corner. The home team still pressed, and from a judi- cious pass by Reid, Connor scored. 'Norman had a grand chance, but shot over. The Magpies pressed, but could do nothing against Clarke and Evans. Half-time : Warrington, two goals ; Cheshire Magpies, one goal.. The Magpies tried hard to force the game, but the halves and backs kept steady and prevented them getting too near. Phillips ran through and passed to Connor, who transferred to Norman, the result being a neatly shot goal. Warrington again attacked, and would have scored but for a splendid save by the Cheshire goal- keeper, who cleared his lines while on the ground and and surrounded by the opposing forwards. Clarke sent back a rush of the Magpies, and Fennelley getting hold ran well and forced a corner,which he placed beautifully enabling Connor to score. Final result : Warrington, five goals ; Magpies, one goal. PENKETH A.F.C. v. ASTON HALL.—This return match was brought off at Aston Hall in beautiful weather. The home team started the ball, and five minutes later Hornbill opened the score for the visitors. The home right got away and shot for the visitors custodian who failed to clear and the home team equalised. This aroused the visitors, and before half time arrived seven more goals were put through by them. Restarting, Pen- keth had the game all their own way and put on four more goals, and an interesting game ended in a win for Penketh by 12 goals to one. PRNRETII RESERVE V. WARRINGTON UNlTED.—This"re- turn match came off at Penketh on Saturday. Stanley started the ball for the home team, and soon the visi- tors defence was tested but was found too good. Play was even up to half time, neither side having scored. Restarting, the visitors showed better football. The home team was awarded a free kick in front of goal which ended in Johnson scoring. This aroused the visi- tors and they began to press, but the strong defence of Dykes and J. Stanley drove them back. H. Stanley get- ting hold of the ball tricked the opposing side and scored with a fine shot. Nothing further was added to he score and the game ended in a win for Penketh by 2

goals to nil. LYSIDI V. WARRINGTON BASEBALL—PIayed at Lymrn Result Lymm, six goals ; Baseball, none. In the first half the Lymm forwards played badly but improved considerably in the latter portion of the game. At back Wilson, Holt, and Dodson were in grand form. WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL VERSOS WIGAN Y.M. C.A.—This match was played at Warrington on Wed- nesday in windy weather and resulted in a win for the Grammar School by 2 goals to 1. Connor and Fenelly scored for the homesters. LITTLE LEIGH V. ReNcomq.—Payed at Little Leigh,th e home ream winning the toss and kicking up hill. Twice they registered, and at half-time the result was—Little Leigh, two ; Runcorn, nil. The second portion was even, and as both scored twice, the game ended in a vic- tory for the homesters by four to two.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY.

GRAPPENHALL V. BOWDON (A).—Played on the ground of the latter. After about 15 minutes' play Gibbon scored the first point for Bowdon from a good centre by Moffat. Soon after Owen equalised for Grappenhall. Up to this point the play had been very loose, but after some good passing Gibbon scored the second goal for Bpwdon. Just before half time Bowdon secured a corner, wilich was fruitless. After a few minutes' play Moffat secured the ball in his own 25, and Tan almost the whole length of the field to the corner flag, and from a splen- did centre Gibbon was able to score his third goal. Picken shot the fourth and last goal from a bully in the circle. Owen, Burroughs, and Carter played best for Grappenhall. Final result : Four goals tx) one in favour of Bowdon.

CLERGY DAUGHTERS SCHOOLS. PRESENTATION OF PRIZES. The annual distribution of prizes at the Clergy ' Daughters Schools took place yesterday week in the lecture room of the institution. There was a crowded audience, and the chair was occupied by Mr. Charles J. Bushell, the president. The proceed- ings opened with two trios, " The Robin," and "The Dove," by senior students. The annual report was then given by the Rev. Morley Stevenson who said that he hag a very good report to make this year. They were very much pleased with the result of the Government examination, as of their senior students, one half were placed in the first class, and not one was in the third. Even better results had been ob- tained in the religious knowledg examination, because of their senior students. 42 were placed in the first class, and the reniaining nine in the second class. The colleg-e at the last examination stood first in the whole king(l2no in domestic economy, which was a. subject in which girls always should stand high in. Most of those present were aware that the college had acquired the schools which adjoined, which really formed part of the college. They had to raise a large fund for the purpose of acquiring them, in fact £3,000, but the whole of this had been raised with the exception of £2OO. Among other donations, they had received £5OO from the late Lord Winmarleigh, and £5OO from Lord Lilford, £3OO from the Duke of Westminster, £lOO from the Board of Education, £lOO from the National Society,and an equally generous donation from Mrs. Beamont. The students, past and present, had also raised £lOO. (Ap- plause.) Next year would be the jubilee of the college, and on the 23rd June, it was intended to hold a sale of work, or some other means of raising the money neces- sary to wipe off the debt. This year wa, the tenth of his (the principal's) work at the institution, and he had spent a happy time amongst the students. He spoke in high terms of his co-workers for the help they had given to him during that time. The Chairman next made a speech in which he spoke of the great influence upon the religious education of the coming generation, which was exercised by the day school teachers. After the Christmas Carol, " There was silence in Bethlehem's field,"(Stainer)had beemsung by the students the distribution of prizes took place. They consisted of books,the donors of which were the Rector of Warrington (Rev. F. W. Willis), Rev. W. H. Binney,Rev. M. Steven- son, Rev. E. J. Willcocks, Rev. T. L. H. Milla, Mrs. Stevenson, Mrs. Beamont, Messrs. P. Pears, C. White, S. E. Haworth, and W. S. Woods, and the committee of the institution. The presentation was made by the Pre- sident, mid there were 23 successful prize winners among the first year students. and 18 second year students. At the closeof the meeting " Dulce Domum," the Latin renderineof " Home, Sweet Home," was ren- dered by the students. A tea was afterwards partaken of in the senior students class room, and evensong was , given in the chapel at five o'clock. During the afternoon, specimens of needlework and drawings of the students, were on view in the junior students class room.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
SUNLIGHT . SOAP COMPETITIONS 232,000 Prizes Bicycles,o(al7iNZatches, :d B • • -• £41,904

The First of these Monthly Competitions will be held on January 31st, 1894, to be followed by others each month during 1894.

No. of District.

For this Competition the United Kingdom will be divided into 8 Districts as under:

The Prizes will be awarded every month during 1894, in each of the 8 Districts, as under:—

Value of Prizes given each month in each district.

Total Value of Prizes in all the 8 districts during 1894.

... -...... ... ...._ _ __ . I I IRELAND. Every month, in each of the 8 districts, the 5 Competitors who send X S. d. X S. d. the largest number of Coupons from the District in which they reside, 2 SCOTLAND. will each receive, at winner's option, a Lady's or Gent's " Premier " Safety Cycle, with Dunlop Pneumatic Tyres,* value £2O 3 MIDDLESEX, KENT, and SURREY. The next 20 Competitors will each receive, at winner's option, a 4 NORTHUMBERLAND, DURHAM, Lady's or Gent's " Waltham " Stem-Winding Silver Lever Watch, value and YORKSHIRE. £4 4s. 5 CUMBERLAND, WESTMORELAND, The next 200 Competitors will each receive a Book, published at ss. ' LANCASHIRE, and ISLE OF MAN. The next 300 Competitors will each receive a Book, published at 3s. 6d 52 10 0 5040 0 0 6 WALES, CHESHIRE, STAFFORD.. The next 400 Competitors will each receive a Book, published at 2S. 6d so o o 4800 0 0 SHIRE, SHROPSHIRE, WORCES- TERSHIRE, MONMOUTHSHIRE, The next 500 Competitors will each receive a Book, published at 2S. and HEREFORDSHIRE. The next i,OOO Competitors will each receive a Book, published at is. % 41904 0 0

II ESSEX, HERTFORDSHIRE, BUCK- INGHAMSHIRE, BERKSHIRE, SUSSEX, HAMPSHIRE, WILT- SHIRE, GLOUCESTERSHIRE, C SOMERSETSHIRE, DORSET- , SHIRE, DEVONSHIRE, CORN- WALL, ISLE OF WIGHT, and CHANNEL ISLANDS.

fl*Zp pvf ne II ' ffrill• "- V`:`:•2:':•:', - SialigAT2V4P • . 40.0, v"'"'..."" -- • 1 'Pk A WO MA ni SOONER THAN '''liZ. 'lMttr_ls. ..5.a......1 i

===== 0002601_18931216_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
• ,rol4' EARLESTOWN AND NEvv-

ONE POUND OUT OF EVERY THIRTY POUNDS OF TEA, CONSUMED IN GREAT BRITAIN IS SOLD 131

BROOKE BOND & CO. This is an absoluta fact, and it is the bait Posit'le

proof of the value of

OUR TEA. PRICES : 1/-, 1/2. 1/4, 1/8, 2/-, 2/4, or 2,3 Per 11).:d WE HAVE AGENTS throughout this district. a., we will gladly tell you the name of our Agent nearevs to you if you will ask us by pott card. OUR AGENTS draw their supplies, ready-nac'keit and labelled, constantly from us, and they exactly the same teas at precisely the same Prices 3'5

at our well-known Warehouses, WE ARE GLAD to receive apolic diens fr°2 energetic tradespeople for Agencies wherever we a'" not already represented, Selling or Tea has lea t.een a regular Annuity to thousands of eaterprioug ~...

Men and Women.

BROOKE BOND & CO.,

LIMITED. 17, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER. (AND .t.T LEEDS. BRADFORD, AND LONDON).

The illness from which the Princess of Wales is. 6 ing is influenza,in a mild form. The latest bulletl? a favourable report of the condition of Her Highness.

_,._..w.__. THE BRIGHTuN VACANCY.

«u:t3 On Thursday Mr. Bruce Wentworth (C) was re. , unopposed for Bri ;faun. The vacancy was ca 11964 he resignation of Sir William Marriott.

-- The contest for the representation of the Accril division, rendered vacant by the appointment of „ F. Leese to the Recordership of Manchester, Was upon vigorously on Monday. Meetings were he' evening in support of the candidates of the tor? e political parties. Mr. Leese met his suppor-e.rs Town Hall, and had an enthusiastic recePtle'!' meeting was also addressed by Mr. Charles Fenvric P. Mr. Hermon Hodge, the Conservative candi had the support cf Mr. Dunbar Barton, Air.. W. J. Galloway, addressed a meeting of the e' Clayton-le-Moors. At a meeting of the local the Independent Labour party it was resolved 0, forward a candidate, and Mr. Wolfe, of Burnley, Asked to stand. 'rho election has been fixed for %ay, the 21st inst.

NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLESTO

BY AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT.

I hear very little—in fact next to nothin.g now about the Medical and Surgical Aid It is now almost twelve months since tbei annual meeting was held, and not a word has heard about the district nurse, who at the WO so much talked of. I cannot think thst the ii been any diminution in the good work whi'„e society has done, but simply nothing I supe: transpired which the Committee think is of IT to the general public. Still I should much , know how the society is progressing, and va, any move has been made in the direction 01 " jug a trained and much needed district nur.se, the present time whilst there is so much sle about, the services of such a nurse vvould almost invaluable.

s/1 The Mission meeting which was held last the Wesleyan Chapel, would, 1 venture to open the eyes of those who were presellt roi seamy side of nature, as it affects Manc4l. There is an old saying that one half the wori not know how the other half live, but these who gave addresses relative to their rescue Mancliesser, seem to have opportunities of 83' both sections of the population. The details' they gave were harrowing enough, in all contx.! and in a civilised country such as our O' posed to be, the only wonder to me is hocv condition of things is allowed to exist. Talk., christening the poor nigger in the middle why, 1 should think the condition of those r. is to be envied, as compared with sonde people with whom the speakers had coreel, tact. Charity begins at home, they say, be true, that was stated, it would be We' charity stayed at home for a little while, r voted itself to christening the slums cot cities.

It seems last week, I persisted in calling the, public building which we have just had et' the Public Nall. I have been corrected 5i"(.34 and am instructed to say that its proper tl`t the Earlestown Town Hall. Think of that Y° get biers) and say not again, that Earlestown IS 1101 foremost portion of the township. A Town e our midst and we did not know it. I supPs all right; it sounds so. And here all the towrl9, ness 18 to be transacted in future ! Mr. BrierleY next week, by an official notice in your „ . intimate to the townspeople, the office hot'''

- - other information relating to the tr, business. All the officials have not yet 01Te and it would of course be premature to 5111. announcement until then. The large 115 smaller meeting rooms howerer, are now hire, aria in fact I believe have already been for several weeks in the new year.

INFLUENZA AT EARLESTOWN. ; The epidemic, for such it may now be colls, in Earlestovvn, sbows no signs of abat very large number of people are suffering frr disease. The various works in the distrl,Cibeit much affected by the absence of many °' ibeir employes, and the local medical men hands full of patients. BILLIARDS AT THE CONSERVATIVE CL1113.04 The Christmas handicaps at billiards, skittle, ore whist at the Conservative Club, Ear1e5t0„11110' now in full swing. For billiards there all! go,; tries, and the second round has been got Tr"— r of here are a like number of entriesojØ f skitt for whist there are 50 entries. Alargre nu°„be,, prizes are offered, which will distributed "- Saturday evening preceding Christmas daY• THE Nnw TOWN HAIL. 4 The large hall, and the smaller rooms a.„,(l.lc)iesdle in the new Town Hall, Earlestown' are 11°fy,ralv for hire. The large hall is a spacious and Cora'..-, place, and suitable for theatrical perfoooto' certs, public meetings,&c.,whilst the smaller,; are adapted for small meetings, dinner partM6; QV ;wise IA tariff of prices has been drawn up, and ca° I tamed at the hall. The charges are not in an) , heavy for such splendid accommodation „-0 DEATH OF MRS. PEARSON, LATE OF G°l''')'' Qooot PARK The interment of the remains of Mrs. re 4 widow of the late Alderman John Peate„.°°;,/totr and who lately resided at Golborne le-Willows, took place at the cemetery, Thursday afternoon. afternoon. Mrs. Pe a n since tne,bolo of her husband, has been residing at ,1d&- th House, Leamington,where she died on 611 g at the age of 69 years. The coffin contain-I,W/ remains of the deceased was conveyed fronl col" ington by train to Newton, where the furie,ll: tege, consisting of the relatives and friell,•,;lorcP, formed. A service was held in St. peter's I,'" after Newton, conducted by the Rev. 11. g°,lll;.a. eter,A)4 which the procession moved off to the t'e;""ntertr--h where after the final service the body was in the family vault, the coffin being core',.,-res' el" beautiful floral tritutes. Amongst th ~,r f, ose; isoll were Messrs. John, T.H.,Charles,and George ill "t sons of the deceased ; Mr. M. Brown West Robert Stone, Dr. Watkins, and others. ' -.bet! fell'

4;o'

THE BEST NIGHTCAP. —Have your Hudson's Soap, and they will always be sweet as sea breezes. There will be none of the nlv sollf _ , objectionable in other soaps.--# smell so ob. fine powder.—Advt. (2). —0 ° Wl3 1 ea The progress of influenza in London IS sh° 0 isso 0 marked degree by the Registrar General's returp u.,..ci to on Tuesday night. The deaths directly attrl.l3 g"Dpe e influenza during last week numbered 127, halg '0•14 22, 36, and 74 in the preceding three wee ans i; pure D - , deaths referred to diseases of the respirator,' ?rbe tiir`a London, which had been 615, 669, and 737 in ' lc, 390 preceding week 4, further rose to 841 last sceed&Ll3 were nearly double the corrected average. The from diphtheria rose to 89. . 50tt0.6t The mother's milk varies as her blood varte•tberi'vo Emulsion of Cod Liver Oil not only nourishes also enriches her with milk substances thst baby' olea'n make baby fat and haalthy. Sc ft's Emulsion is n°streagto eine ;itis a food rich in nOurisliment. Builds u 13,13,0010 quickly. Physicians, the world over, endorse sell it. 2s. 6d. and 4s. 6d.

_ n v AV , eager Jag 1.11 rY ingtl i s,tr. ,81Cin esl"t 1 4 040 ar9 la 17 t i0O• .411° owl •°ll° f If ' lidate.9; aoci 14. elector 9 or brAncb. • 10. 'be I° O 0- v:0 bag tbe 311° 066 'ter io ; AD .rse siCia3ev '4 Prt).e , tbinr: t to t-e ,°ri"heser. daes peel: i 5 slli SOD o,,ge or ;„ c_ii. if as tAbre altd b' oar clef ' g na°;llPra 04 se It' btlsl' Trove 4 011; fo; refOgketi 1)00' 1, 1e s 0 sod ° tbe 1,0 : 1

===== 0002601_18931216_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
ILLNESS OF THE PRINCESS OF W.

THE ACCRINGTON ELECTION.

TUE ALL

ii

===== 0002601_18931216_art0080.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i

===== 0002601_18931216_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
liE ALLEGED FALSE IMP ItthONMENT.

CLSE AT WARRINGTON COUNTY COURT.

.i. The case of Johtf Wood, Ashton-in-Makerfleld, v. Ilea- Caldlvell, Warrington, came up for its adjourned steering at the Warrington County Court, before his ''''ll enOur Judge Wynne Ffoulkes, on Thursday after- Tell"- This case had been adjourned for six weeks. to e is circumstances of the case will be remembered 'e as follows: The complainant John W cod, time feu, a bargain to exchange horses with the de- , tha,.'ent, and he alleges that the defendant promised . ,_'• in the event of his horse not ' suiting, the animals 1 pliounll be re-exchanged. The horse according to the it h„ t,l'its statement proved ts be a kicker, and he took jah7Cit to the defendant the same nightovishing to have ?Wu horse back. This the delendant ref used to accede '.ae'fo4nrl two days afterwards he went to the field where .)). ndant kept his horse, and exchanged them himself. p7,..tendant hereupon procured a warrant, and plaintiff + 147,1mprisoned at the Warrington bridewell that night, Are„.".he next morning he was brought bef..ire the meals- . ett:7 charged with stealing the horse, but was dis- fos7e,tt: The present action was to recover damages day l'ae imprisonment, and the case occupied a whole ' w4515 weeks ago, and was adjourned to Thursday last being but owing to the plaintiff's legal representative rg utiable to be present, the case was further ad- , I,4eed for .week. Mr. Mulholland, barrister, Liver- -I)7f Instructed by Mr. Forshaw, again appeared for the s.titiff, and Mr. Arthur Browne for the defence. . swell , el John Hewitt, veterinary surgeon, who was et for the prosecution said that on-December 6, he Wright's field and saw the chestnut mare. It akil! be worth £lB, if it was a good worker. It it was 'i eac el', he would' not have it for a gift. It had • ltikt'Peci hocks which would go to prove it was a er. From its behaviour, he should think that it was ..... • 7Seked a ale. ' • the ~.. g rowse, in his speech for the defence, said that tits s'uFY would remember that the counsel for the plain- falser that the case was more upon the question of florae r°Ptleonment rather than for the return of the anti ayshich was only subsidiary. Before the jury could kouti verdict against the defendant for malicious pro- theymust find that Caldwell had no reasonable sebtrnbable cause for issuing the warrant. He would pio.. a that there was such a cause in this case, as pre- Loa to this affair, the two parties were entire strangers each Other ' r• Work; 48 ilmat, Stockton Heath, said that he was fer ' plaintiff at the time when he ' that "Pl).ed" the grey horse which was the third time , tieu ",e hail - tried to do so. On the date in ques- • • knew kSePtember 30) plaintiff asked witness it he that ,anYone who had a horse to "swop," and he replied t tut '-aldwell had one, and they went towards his house • parttnet llim in Winwick-road. When asked if he would , patti with his horse, Caldwell replied that he was not ' and they went to the field. No warranty was agreouarlY anxious about doing so, but he at length ' gipeo-'s 9 either party. Woods said that he was very t'aletiefneased with the mare.—Cross-examined : Plaintiff • (lamed a slight grazing on the mare's foot, which defen- said tsia'id Was done in the sta.ble. He (plaintiff) however, ' the h lat he would take it wick all his faults. He believed Caid grse Was what was known As a " joey:"—Joseph dote well gave similar evidence.—SarahCaldwell,wife of Vi'eertiit„tant, gave evidence with reference to the offer of esa ato make the bargain into a rue-bargain.—Cross- koornined : The grey mare had been sold since the police Muethedlegs, but she did not know when nor for how Sen,„•--Joseph Caldwell,the defendant,said that up to ctr..Mber 20, he did not know the plaintiff. He des- the bargain made and denied that any warranty noen• given, they simply ;truck a bargain. On the after- cart- Plaintiff came to his shop and offered £3 and a told s:4'orth £3 10s. to make a rue-bargain. Witness alsea"dim that lie should be satisfied with the bargain los e- is -4 made. The grey horse was sold on October? it arsin '—Ernest B I,ennett, Clap Gates arin,Lovely-lan ,n, veto, gtcm, said that defendant came to his house n the fi er 1, asking them to allow him to put the mare in low. el& The mare was put in the field, but the fol- 'iti tih;ig morning it was taken away. He went to Ashton aske e afternoon in company with Mr. Wright. They Sod° Plaintiff why he had taken the mare out of the •sort. Be replied that he had done wrong and was very • cc y that he had got the chestnut march l He had offered Iff "'well £3 as a rue-bargain and not only that, he had • th:rhed him a cart worth £3 10s.,but he must now make , Tio 'St of it. Ile refused to give up the grey horse.--.- deoolnas Wright, Folly Farm, gave corroborative 9y- , reade.—After evidence of Thomas Attewell, Winwicks_- . geos and John Longshaw, King-St., Thomas Daley, 3, , Th.,"and-road, said the grey horse was not worth much. ..s.cliestnut mare was worth £lB or £2O. • - se:tr• Mulitollaiad then addressed the jury, and after '. ng the evidence said that in a case of false as nment, the jury ought to give some substantial t th zth So that le hi; a e man should not have the case flourished , nbt - 'ace again. A small amount of damages would , tiv do that. A substantial sum should be allowed to t. der! eNpressionef their opinion upon the impr,priety of 1., 'nuant's cooduct. He also asked for the value of the I. beeY hOrse,as it had been sold, and could not, therefore, ' atonteturned. He considered that £l4 was too small a Gene judge in summing up, said that the two claims, _°? malicious prosecutinn, and the other for breach tow arranty, were very distinct, and the jury could find tsr„°ne or both, or neither. When the defendant found Apj:i t4e plaintiff had taken the grey horse from the ~and lett the chestnut in its place, was it reasonable the link that the ulaintiff had come into the field with se, ulind of a thief intending to steal the grey horse? It , 3 not a summon experience fora thief to steal a man's i• i, and leave another in its place. The plaintiff clatt,ently did not take the horse as a thief, but as one wht,';',"'n? his property. The next thing to consider was• 'net the defendant believed that the plaintiff thief when he instituted the proceedings. If the . kerLbe',_,lieved that the defendant did not act with this fop ge. there was no reasonable and probable cause eriee',T Proceedings. and the plaintiff had suffered a dos . 'us wrong If they believed that wrong had been MX', Snbstant7Fil damages should be given. They would isap".ave to consider whether there was also anything eon'Ffous in the defendant's proceedings, and if they thatdered there was they should marl their sense of e,id also. n ee He did not consider that there was very strong titore`"cce of this however. He scarcely thought that the „betik Xi' the defence as to the bargain concluded with-n the parties as to the horses was quite credible. the regard to the claim for the horse or its value, if he tjourY believed there was a warranty given, it would Lb se. eir duty to give judgment for the value of the r 'ta,„ • Jury found judgment for plaintiff for £2O for false a cryte'efralient, and £2O or the return of the horse within Mr R tO • -1• Own said that he considered that he was entitled so,eio')sts for the preceding Thursday. He did not get oat. e that the case wee adjourned until the previmis Yr and tese_s had to go to ; the expense of informing his wit- ,...e_. 9r the fact, ;se Davies reminded his Honour that the case was 'was uortled on the understamling that Mr. Mulholland octccertain of being present. nt sts were allowed.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
"OPOSED NEW WATERWORKS FOR

ST. HELENS.

In answer to the Inspector, the Town-clerk (Mr Je.ves), said the Corporation had the lease with option of purchase of two acres of land on which they proposed to erect toe station. The lease was for five years from the Ist of July, 1892.. If the Board sanctioned the loan the Corporation would give notice of purchase immedi- ately. Mr. Gaskin (continuing) detailed the estimated expen- diture. He said £457 had been expended for trial bor- ing. They had sunk 402 ft. It was a pebble bed forma- tion of the new red sandstone all through. The water now stood ten inches above the surface level, and test- ing the quantity of water by all the available power they had then, they got 250,000 gallons in twenty-four hours. They proposed to put down two wells 150 feet deep and eleven feet diameter. From the bottom of one well they would start with a twenty-four inch borehole diminishing to eighteen inches., which was similar to those they had at Kirkby.and Knowsley. The borehole, would be 300 or 350 feet from the bottom of the well, making altogether a depth of about 500 feet. He did not think it was at all possible to strike brine at that depth. The cost of the two wells, including sinking and keeping the two wells clear of water during sinking operations would be £5,500. The cost of the pipe-line would be From Melling to Kirkby, £5,851 ; Kirkby to Knowsley, £9,280 ; and Knowsley to Brownedge. £28,550. The total estimate was £72,402, leaving £2,595 for contin- gencies. The pipeline would be of the best class of iron with leaden joints. By Mr. Sutton : "The tctal distance from the centre of St. Helens to Menke,* would be eleven or twelve miles. They would possibly drain the whole of the northern portion of the township of Melling. They might cause surface wells to dry up within a radius of half a mile, and other wells within a radius of one mile. The South- port well at Aughton had drained all the wells in that township. There was no good supply of water in the townships of Bickerstaffe or Simon's Wood. The Town Clerk said the Corporation having acquire.d laud could put it to any use they liked consistent with common law. They were' prepared to supply Melling with 5 per cent, of the water at Bd. per 1,000 gallons, that price being what St. Helens would have to • pay Liverpool if they wanted water from the City Council's mains. Mr. ftoscoe, of the West Derby Union, asked if the Corporation would give them the same terms as Orms- kirk. It transpired that West Derby was in the Liverpool limits, and the inspector said that put an end to the matter. Professor Hull, geologist, said he believed the minimum yield of the proposed wells would never be less than 1,000,000 gallons for twenty four hours, and would pos- . sibly go up to 1,580,000. He believed the Corporation were perfectly justified in spending £30,000 on these wells—in fact, it was an absolute necessity, and in his opinion they ran no risk. Ile did not think the South- port wells, which were two and a half miles away,would ne in the least affected, but the new well might drain ihe whole of Melling township. It would not, however, affect Bickerstaffe. Dr. John Robertson, water analyst to St. Helens Corporation, said the samples of the water were exceed- ingly pure—one of the purest it was possible to have for domestic supply. Ultimately the Ormskirk Rural Sanitary Authority ' agreed to the St. Helens Corporation tennis of Bd. per ' 1,000 gallons. Mr. Brownbill, landowner adjoining, thought he should have a tree supply ; and Mr. Roper, agent to the Earl of Lathom, said if that was entertained he would ask for the same consideration for several of his lord- ship's farms. The 'town Clerk said such requests might go on ad infitituin. but the arrangement arrived at with the local authority would cover all the adjoining landed pro- perty. The Inspector: Do you know the law on the subject of underground water ? The Town Clerk said he had explained that there were no rights to underground water ; and Mr. Brownbill said he was satisfied there was no op- position to meet. The Town Clerk thanked the inspector for his cour- tesy, and the proceedings terminated. Major-General Crozier then proceeded to Melling to the site.

POLITICAL LIBEL ACTION AT ST, :HELENS. A LIBERAL AGENT v. A LABOUR CANDIDATE. Political circles of St. Helens were considerably interested on,Wednesday in an action for libel arie- jug out of the recent municipal elections, heard by arrangement at the local county court, before his Honour Judge Shaud and a special jury. In the Con- test for the representation of the North Eccleston Ward the candidates were Mr. B. B. Glover (Conservative) and Mr. I. B. Rose (Liberal), and Mr. Charles Liptrot, landlord of the Beehive Hotel, Bridge-st., came forward as an Independent Labour candidate. Mr. Liptrot's two nomination paoe.s IMIPTP declared invalid on the ground that t 1 signed the papers of Mr. Js issued ad- dresses to the electors, in wilach he alleged that his nomination had been upset by dishonourable actions on the part of Mr. Andrew Muir, agent for Iffellose. These allegations formed the subject of Wednesday's action, Mr. Muir being the plaintiff, and Mr. C. Liptrot the de- fendarit. Other actions are pending in connection with the same matter. Mr. W. D. M'Conkey, of Liverpool, instructed by Mr. J. P. Mearns, appeared for the lain- tiff, and Mr. Thomas Swift, instructed by Mr. Joseph Massey, represented the defendant. Mr. M'Conkey, in opening the case,described Mr. Muir as a commercial traveller and election agent at munici- pal contests. Upon the appearance of the alleged libels the plaintiff had instructed his solicitor, Mr. illearns, to ask for a public withdrawal, and threatened proceedings against Mr. Liptrot for libel. Mr. Liptrot appeared to have consulted Mr. Massey upon the matter, for on the 4th November Mr. Massey wrote to Mr. Liptrot's solicitor.—" Some days ago Mr. Liptrot consulted me about improper prac- tices of your agent, Mr. Muir, which consists of Mr. Muir having published false statements of the withdraw- al of Mr. Liptrot as a candidate at the election for the purpose of procuring the election of Mr. Rose. My clients iwists that Mr. Muir shall acknowledge these and apolo- gise for them,otherwise proceedings will be taken against him." According to that communication the plea of justification was set up, and it was asserted that the statements of Mr. Liptrot were true in substance and in fact, if Mr. Liptrot could prove that to be the case, then he (Mr. M'Cenkey) would have no case against him ; but if he failed to satisfy the jury that his statements were true, then he asked them to award the plaintiff substantial damages. Mr. G. T. Lee, chief clerk in the Town Clerk's depart- ment, produced the nomination papers and forms of ob- jection handed in by Mr. Lamb at the Mayor's objection coirr. No written objection was handed in by Mr. Muir. Mr. Muir, the plaintiff, then gave evidence in support of his counsel's opening statement. He said the allega- tions complained of were absolutely untrue. Joseph Appleton, fruit and flower dealer, Westfield- street, deposed that before Mr. Muir called he had signed a paper on Mr. Liptrot's behalf. He had heard some one in conversation say that Mr Liptrot bad retired, and on that account he signed Mr. Rose's paper.—Mr. Swift: Did you tell Mr. Liptrot that you were busy in the shop va hen Mr. Muir called, and that if Mr. Muir had not given you to understand that lie (Mr. Liptrot) had re- tired, you would not have signed Mr. Rose's paper ? Witness : Yes, I did say that. • John Martindale, collier, Virgil-st., said he signed the nomination paper on Mr. Rose's behalf before he signed that of Mr. Liptrot. Mr. Swift, for the defence, submitted that Mr. Liptrot had been led to suppose that Mr. Muir had been guilty of the actions alleged against him. Mr. Thomas Glover, J.P., miner's agent, said lie acted as Mr. Liptrot's agent at the recent election. He de- tailed a visit to Mr.Bain's offics, where he saw Mr. Muir. Some nomination papers were on the table, and Mr. Muir said they were those of Mr. Fletcher. a candidate M Farr Ward. Mr. Muir took the nomination, paper in his (witness's) hand, looked it over.tand then handed it back, with the remark that he was the agent on Mr. Rose's behalf, and the nominations before him on the table were those of Mr. Rose. Mr. William Lamb, Conservative registration agent, depnsed that in conversation with the plaintiff the latter spoke of having" cooked Mr. Liptrot's goose," and that the plaintiff had asked him to put his (Mr. Muir's) objec- tions to Mr. Liptrot on his own paper and hand them in at one time. Mr. Charles Liptrot, the defendant, said that Mr. Joseph Appleton, who had signed both nominations papers,informed him that Mr. Muir had obtained his signature to Mr. Rose's paper by saying that Mr. Liptrot had gone to the wall and was out of the contest alto- gether. That was the impression on his (Mr. Appleton.s) mind or he would not have signed. He (defendant) thoroughly believed the statements in his addresses to the electors were true when he issued them.—ln answer to Mr. M'Conkey, defendant said that there were other persons whom Mr. Muir had spoken to in the manner complained of. His Honour, in summing up, said that the point for the jury to decide was the truth or otherwise of the allegations in the defendant's address that Mr. Muir had got two persons on the burgess roll to sign the papers for Mr. Rose after they had signed his (Mr. Liptrot's) papers. There could be no doubt that the addresses would hold a man up to comtempt and ridicule unless there was justification for their statements, and that was a question for the consideration of the jury. It was for them to say whether or not Muir obtained the signa- tures to Mr. hose's papers with the view of defeating Mr. Liptrot's candidature, and. if they thought so, then the defendant was justified in saying strong things about such scandalous conduct. The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff, with one farthing damages. His Honour gave iudgment accord- ingly, with costs on the scale above £2O.

wo ok Rose.

lig assentors had also Mr. Liptrot afterwar

----- .1.,, A SCIIE 11E 10 SPEND .E75,_ ~ reVt. flt-lens Corporation having Made eXperi- /iie•.•- B.i bbrinlZs at Melling, near Orinskirk, with a etid" 'Jill the nt of new waterwor St ahli#ll meks there aPplicatei "Periments having proved successful, sl3"rd forc):1 was made to the Local Government b.-0 lay an 17 't3wer to make and maintain such works and Llelent, -, aqueduct for conducting, the water to St. ziarsienv_t..vderedacc. and dance with the usual rule, an inquiry on Tuesday Major -General Henry ban it;„;!er, R.E and Mr. Edward Pearse Bard held ' --.s, in the do'uncil-clia.inber at St. Helens Town , •ne St. Helens Corporation were represented by teedto:,2;Jeeves (town-clerk) who conducted _t.igrYU Prfe- tcheir ,s tor the Water Committee ; Alderman Ml 3 ~ (dep:an of committee), Councillor F. R. Dixon-Nuttall 1/(aYoeYr-aFiaY°r), and other members and officials. The illeesB ‘Mr. Enclair) was unable to be present through 13„.71.1a; ;rho Ormskirk Highway Board were represented uar, IV. tt• R. Glover, solicitor, Mr. James Draper, clerk, aex.„, lillain Mercer, chairman, and Mr. R. Owen, sur- kit"! ; the Orinski;k Rural Sanitary Authority by Mr. Dr. iln, barrister (instructed by Mr. A. Dicconson,clera), 'Pen anki medical officer, and Mr. James Nadi, sur- ' Ayttr ; the Sefton Highway Board by Mr. William Preser%eletk, and Mr. James Roscoe, surveyor; the lt,and /V" ighway Board by Mr. W. Goldsworth,surye} or B. -ardealf,,_• —. Cross. clerk; the West Derby Union Rural tO LA .'" by Mr. Roscoe. Mr. George Holme, surveyor ncashire County Council was also present. _ the ca Town-clerk (Mr. Jeeves), in opening the Case for tald„arPoration traced the history of the water under- Rilt '.41 from the time the first well was sunk at Eccleston Izoownl 1853 to the erection of the pumping stationaat , flunht sleY and Kirkby, within the last few years. The oth'e'r-v from Kirkby had been maintainer], but in the ciron wells there bad been a decrease. Under present Stet; instances, if there was a breakdown in the le smallestl t Inidtn.n?,the supply to the borough ran dangerously s lor . tine ...`_t.nerewas a.. serious breakdown, either at the sta- at "nn the mains, the supply to the borough was li „Pts:d• Tar Corporation therefore, asked for an exten- atc::' sz the Water Act, 1882, under which they con- eared Pumping stations at Knowsley and Kirkby, so ist i enabio thE,m to cOnstruct a pumping, station at th l• ading, near Ormskirk, and duplicate the main pipe mato acqui e borougb. The land st Melling had been eo ttlarted ouder a provisional agreement with the owner, arose, 13(l question of the compulsory purehme of land fs— • The total cost of the scheme was.L7s,oooo..oapsr.o-, 4..asor Hull and Mr. de Rance, the eminent se I „LT:a etilhagreed that the Corporation must look for a supply ebt e ncrth-west side of the borough, and there an lndance of water had been found of a good quality. stete F. M.. Gaskin, water engineer, confirmed the .of .. tneuts of the Town-desk as to the general position he water undertaking in St.. Helens.

,coo.

The Medical Annual advises Practitioners to remember that when recommending COCOAS as food and beverage for lurslids, the name CADBURY on any:packet of Cocoa is a gu-rantee ot purity.—Adrt.

SOCIAL, POLITICAL AND L LTE EtA R I NOTES,

-- The disgraceful outrage in the French Chamber will receive the condemnation of all supporters of law and order throughout the whole of Europe. The unsettled state of french society makes it exceedingly regrettable that an occurrence of this character should take place at the present time, apart from other considerations of greater moment. !f no higher value is going to be set on Milian life than that of the Anarchist Valliant,- then it will be necessary to adopt repressive measures that will effect n desirable change. Organisations that, are banded together for an unlawful purpose' must be instantly suppressed, and the stern hand of the law make itself felt. It is pleasing to notice the kind expressions of sympathy with France from both political parties, and the British Government has added further testimony to its friendliness with , foreign powers whenever they are placed in an un- fortunate position through no fault of their own.

The activity of our Political representatives at West- minster is not proving conducive to the progress of public business. For a whole week they have been dis- cussing the question of Ecclesiastical and Parochial Charities as contained in Clause 13, of the Parish Coun- cils Bill. Very little good has been done by our " or- ganised,obstructionists," and if they will persist in carrying out the policy of talking for talking's sake, then the closure will have to be applied. It is now only a week from Christmas, when it was expected the measure would be passed, but the fight is being pro- longed and it is difficult to forecast the conclusion of the present session: It is, however, well that the public should know who are their friends, and the effort that is being made by Tory agitators to cut down the powers and duties of local representative bodies which are to be instituted under the Bill, will serve to remind the electors how vain are the Tory praises of the British democracy.

What is going to be done with the House of Lords? Either that body will have to be reformed or else become subservient to the wishes of the people. The easy 'man- ner in which they threw out the Home Rule Bill has encouraged them to do the same thing in other cases, and against the expressed wish of the House of Com- mons, they reject the" betterment " principle in the Bill promoted by the London County Council. This Council declares that without the principle of better- mant the Bill is useless, but because these hereditary legislators are opposed to it, they are allowed to thwart the good intentions of a popular body, who are anxious to aditist equitably and fairly the arno'int payable by propelty owners, who will gain very largely by the public improvements projected under the London County Council Bill. They apparently also intend to mutilate the Employer's Liability Bill by making it useless for practical purposes through the introduction of a " Contracting out Clause." But this kind of work will not last long as Lord Salisbury well knows.

, The bye-election which has been necessitated at Accrington through the appointment of Mr. Leese, Q.C., to the Recordership of Manchester is exciting consider- able interest throughout the country. Itis likely that it will be a three cornered contest, as the " Independent Labour Party" have adopted a candidate to ad vocato their particular policy, in addition to the Liberal and Tory candidates already in the field. It is a pity that the Labour Party are so blind to their interests as to endeivour to prevent the return of Mr. Leese, for such is the case, seeing that they cannot possibly hope to return their candidate. It is quite possible that a num- ber of Liberal voters will be attracted to this new stand- ard, and Mr. Hermon Hodge may through such a slivi- sion work his way in between OA two. The folly of taking this course was well illustrated at the last General Election, and if the " Independent Labour Party "still persists in taking such foolish action, it will bring its own reward, but certainly not of the kind they expect.

It is not expected that the discussion on the vexed question of the unemployed, in the Douse of Commons on Tuesday last, will be productive of any practical re- sults. Politicians of every class and creed deplore,quite as much as Mr. Keir Hardie, the fact of such a large number of men being out of work ; and if the problem could be solved everybody would be delighted. Unfortu- nately,there is no unanimity of agreement as to the best course to be adopted in the matter, and after much talk on the subject—some instructive, and part senseless— the Douse resumed its normal aspect. Though it is de- sirable that as much as can be done, should be at- tempted at the earliest possible moment, it is to be feared that the unemployed question will have to still be subjective to the laws of our recognised political eco- nomy. It is not a matter that can be understood all in a moment, and any ill-advised action on the part of the Government would be very much regretted throughout the country. •

lel Among ---- - RI- I riling people with a

the magazines which endeavour to supply euple with a healthy literature and of ood qua- lity, may be classed the "Young Man." While in the hands of Mr. F. A. Atkins a very fair level indeed was maintained, hut since he has been joined by the Rev.W. J. Dawson as co-editor the circulation has increased tremendously. The mature experience of Mr. Dawson together with his extensive knowledge of English litera- ture has proved invaluable to numbers of young men who hive had a desire to cultivate their intellectual faculties. The last volume which has just finished with the December number is certainly better than any that have preceded it, and to all young men who arein the least fond of good literature, they could not do better than invest in a copy, as its contents will always be fresh.

The first number of the new volume which will be ready about the end of this month promises to be equally good. It will contain stories by the Rev. Silas Hock ng and Mr. Robert Barr. An interview with the great novelist, Rider Baggard, is also promised for this number, which will also include an illustrated character-sketch ot Mr. Balfour, by that wellknown journali..t, Mr. H. W. Massingham. Dr. Parker will also contribute an article on " My first sermon," which will doubtless be of more than usual interest. It would be a serious omission in speaking of the "Young man" if no reference was made to the " Young woman, which is issued in conjunction with the former, and all the praise bestowed on the one may be claimed by the other. Mr. Dawson's papers. on " Half hours in the Library " though appearing in the " Young woman" have been heartily enjoyed by mem- bers of the opposite sex.

-- All the talk about Mr. Gladstone retiring from office on account of his age has now vanished, and our Grand Old Man has been appealed to by the " Times" not to guage the strength and spirits of our younger legislators by his own. The Prime Minister has borne up wonderfully under the strain of continuous sittings during the time the Home Rule Bill was in Committee, and he never seems to tire in anything like the time which tries much younger men. As if to refute the charge of decaying strength and mental power, we are now informed that M^. Gladstone is engaged on a translation of Horace. The undertaking of such an arduous task at his age fills us with amazement.

In last week's Literary World," Norman Gale ha an article on Mr. Richard Le Gallienne's new book " The ReLyon of a Literary Man." It is on the whole sympa- thetm and appreciative. Mr. Gale says " If the Religioa of a Literary Man does not soothe many a sad heart we never more will prophesy."

Some interesting particulars are also give of " Q whose real name is Mr. A. T. Quiller Couch. His chief books are " Naughts and Crosses" and " The Splendid Spur." His latest book entitled " That Delectable Duchy " is quite up to his former publications, and exceedingly well written.

Jerome's new Magazine Journal "To Day" seems to be doing well just now, but it is very questionable whether the present large issue will be maintained. He is apt to become slightly sarcastic in his " To-day " notes, other- wiselt is well worth reading. G. F. C.

PARDONED FQR NEGLECT O.F DUTY. ----- One day last winter a postman named Hutchinson, while engaged collecting letters on his round in Shef- field, saw a boy struggling in the Don where the river was deep anki coated withice. Plunging in, clothes and all, the brave man, after two minutes' immersion, found the boy ; and though the current bore them some dis- tance away, he at length reached the bank, and carried the lad home. He then got a cab man to take his bag to the Post Office with a letter, saying, " lam very sorry such a thing has occurred [alluding to his not being in a fit state to complete the collection], but I could not bear to see the lad struggling in the water, and nobody but myself te give him any assistance. I hope you will pardon me for my negligence of duty in such an instance as this." Pardoned ! Of course he was pardoned, and the Postmaster-General haVing referred the case to the Royal Humane Society, that body gave the heroic post- man a medal. All things considered, however, that seems hardly a sufficient reward for such a noble action —so modestly done, too.—From " Little Folks."

We learn that in consequence of the retirement, through ill-health, of the Senior Partner, Mr. T. G. Lloyd, of Messrs. Sales, Pollard & Co., Tobacco, Cigar and Snuff Manufacturers, of Farringdon Street, London, E.C., this old established business has been taken over by the celebrated firm of Tobacco Manufacturero, Messrs. W. D. &H. 0. Wills, Limited. It is intere,Ling to note that Messrs. Sales, Pollard & Co., havim.,, carried on their business for over 150 years, are the oldest 'Po- bacco Manufacturers in London, while Messrs. W. D. & 11. 0. Wills, Limited, is the oldest established firm in the United Kingdom. they having been in existence for close upin two centuries.

" TonAccoNisTs commencing "Illustrated guide (nod free rOBACCONIS rs* OUTFITTING CO.-186, Eustort.road, London. Est, 1866. .

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1893.

ELLIM

test %., do within 6

===== 0002601_18931216_art0083.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
inspeCt

the 1

===== 0002601_18931216_art0084.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
7.1. f it.;

===== 0002601_18931216_art0085.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
t Iv.,

PDX

===== 0002601_18931216_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
A. ST. HELENS RAILWAY MYSTERY.

--- A REMARKABLE ACCIDENT TO A MASTER wIIEILLWRIGHT. An inquest touching the death of John Tyldesley, master wheelwright, of Little Ilulton, near Bolton, who met with injuries on the 9th September, on the London and North-Western Railway at St. Helens, was held by Mr. Butcher on Monday. Mr. Bland, from the Solicitors' Department, Lime-street, represented the railway company, and Mr. Fernihough appeared for the relations—Richard Tyldesley, son of the deceased, said his father had told him that he thought he must have been getting in the train while in motion. He felt a regular twist and could not recollect anything.—Mr.Thomas Howarth, lime merchant, Bicker- staffe-street, said tlie deceased called en the 9th Septem- ber at twenty minutes to four to see if he had any orders. He left in a waggonette for Sutton, three miles from St. Helens. He was then sober. Witness saw him in the hospital, but he did not mention anything about the accident. Deceased had an excursion ticket from Manchester to St. Helens.—William Dooley, Fenton-st., St. Helens,chemical labourer, said he found the deceased in the six-foot on the level crossing near to Itoherts's Copper Works, St. Helens, and along-side ut Ihe St. Helens and Sankey Canal. It was 200 yards from St. Helens Station. Witness asked him what he was doing, I and he said he was going to Walkden. He was stunned. I Witness saw that his head was cut, and three fingers of I the left hand had been crushed off. There was also a bad wound on the fleshy part of his leg.—By the Jury : There were no lights at the crossing, and men could be knocked down by passing trains. There was no one in charge of the crossing at night. There were no gates to prevent anyone crossing the lines. The crossing was a public thoroughfare from the main road to a number of works and collieries. It was, also the towing pathof the canal.—By the Coroner : The crossing WAS not on the road to or from Sutton.—Mr. Richard Boardman, stationr.,aster, St. Helens, said he did not see the deceased at all on the night he was injured. The Man- chester train left at nine o'clock, but lie did not know whether that was the excursion train. None of the porters saw a man riding on a footboard. Witness did not think there was any right of road over the crossing. —The Coroner thought it would be the wisest course for the jury to return a verdict that deceased was found at the crossing, having sustained the injuries by a passing train. Their verdict would not bind either the railway ' company or the relatives. It seemed a very extraot din- ; aarnydtNh 4i)orgtbf.ol: ea os tye rfnootpa Railwayt h Company ii atdo bi ei o business unfenced (tosevaeliroawl ipueroyonl)eento: iwhetherike theiot one asa ' l des- cribedtla t without rightibtyhout neelsl;rd' tiworre bei n merelyg a bfty, g': Bear, ahefaoro't'phath The London jury returned a verdict that while deceased was passing over a level crossing he was by accident or misfortune , struck by a railway train in motion, and injured in such . a way as to ca use death. .

===== 0002601_18931216_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I ' f " *

===== 0002601_18931216_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
UMATISM. SORE THROAT FROM COLD. STIFFN

===== 0002601_18931216_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
THOMAS BU'... - THE LONGFORD WIRE

- 0 RIAL eThe Pictorial Tutor I being published at Net Price, it cannot be obtained of 1p sent Poo. Frt.' Apiesco.FoßTE TuToR, ep,t.l:.,.en aPrpsuputiecttiuosn to '' Magazine of Mu,,c." office, I The most re- markable & cheapest book ever publkhed. The 5 NET, . POST - 250 PAGES (Full Music Sire). Contains 70 Illustrations and over :so Songs. FREE Dances, Carols, Anthems any b,.01c or music seller underss 20. Ludgate hill, Londsn, li, C. Piancfortt. simplified. and Hymn Tunes.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0090.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
NMEIMI

===== 0002601_18931216_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
rEITAI3LISHED 1851.

BIRKBECK BANK,

Southampton Buildings. Chancery Lane. Loudon. TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed on DEPOSITS. repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT AC6OUNTS, on the minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lOO. STOCKS, SHARES. and ANNUITIES purchased and sold SAVINGS DEPARTMENT.

For the encoumgement of Thrift the Bank receives small sum ' on deposit, and allows Interest monthly on each completed £1

BIRRBECK BUILDING SOCIETY

HOW To PURCHASH A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH.

BIRKBECK FREEHOLD AND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHAsB A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH.

The BIRKBECK ALMANACR, with full particulars, post free FRANCIS RAVENSCROFT. Manager.

A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.

BEECHAM'S PILLS

A RE universally admitted to be worth a Guinea CI a Box for Bllloas and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fullness and Swelling after Meals, Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings ot Heat, Lo.a of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Scurvy and Blotches on the Skin, Dis- turbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Trernb- hr,-; Sensations, Ac. The first dose will give relief in twenty minutes. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try one Boxof these Pills, and they will be acknowledged to be

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

• For females of all ages these Pills are invaluable, as a ow doses of them carry off all huniours, and bring about all tint Is required. No female should be without them. There is no medicine to be found equal to Beechana's Pills for removing any obstruction or irregularity of the system. If taken ac- cording to the directions given with each box, they will soon restore femrsles of all ages to sound and robust health. This has been proved by thousands who have tried them, and found the benefits which are ensured by their UtB. For a Weak Stomach, Impaired Digeston, and all Disorders of the Liver, they act like magic, and a few doses will be found to work wonders on the most important organs in the human machine. They strengthen the whole muscular system, restore the long lost complexion, bring back the keen edge of appetite, and arouse into action with the rosebud of health the whole physical energy of the human frame. These are FACTS testified continually by members of all classes of society, and one of the beat giiarantees to the Nervous and Debilitated is, RENCIIAM'S PILLS have the Largest Sale of anti Patent Medicine in the ilmr/d.

BEECHAM'S MAGIC COUGH PILLS.

As a remedy for Coughs in general, Asthma, Brenclie Affections, Hoarseness. Shortness of Breath, Tightness and Oppression of tho CI .est, Wheezing, de., these Pills stand un rivalled. They are the best ever offered to the public, and will speedily remove that sense of oppression and difficulty of breathing which nightly deprive the patters of rest. Let any person give tlkiliCliAM'S C.OUGII PILLS a trial, and the most violent Cough will in a short time be removed.

Prepared only, and Sold Wholesale and Retail, by the Prd prietor, Thomas Beecham,. St. Helens, Lancsehire, in Boxes 91d., Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. each.

Sold by all Druggists and Patent Medicine Dealers every wlitre.

N.8.--Fll directiens are giveu v.:th each box.

PARISH SWIFT GOLD MEDAL NOTTER

KNlTSStockings, Clothing in Wool, Silk, or Cotton. ‘. per ToeL VIIUMPHANT AWARD•t The only WINNER In the WORLD et 0r..! the JUN ,en 'Eden Stocklug !Libber. BT„ LONDON —lns HARRISON KNITTING USPKIL BROOK ST...BANC/RESTER,

IS Cola Aralirlk . bllcualis

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES. .. 94, elmmereial Hoed. Peckham, July 12, 1889. " Dear Sir,-1 am a poor hand at expressing my feelings. but 1 shoilA like to thank you. Your lozenges has done wunders'in relieving my terrible cough. Since I had the operation of " 1 ractieceomy "(the same as the late limperer of Germany, and unlike him. thank God , I am still alive), per ormed at St. Bartholoniew's Hospital, no one weld pos- sibly have had a more violent nolighifc it was so bad at times that it quite exhausted ime. The mucus, whicch %sag very Copious mid erd. has been softened and I have been able to get rid of it without oilticulty.—l ara. sir. yours t, illy, J. HILL." UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. The above speaks for itself. From strict inquiry it appears that the benefit from using Heating's Gough Lozenges Is understated. Oh. operation was a spaially severe ORO. and was I,ertermed by the specialist Dr. If. T. Butlin. of St. liccrtholomew's Hospital. Sine the operation the only mean. of relief lithe use of these Lozenges. Co success! ul are they that one affords immediate ben tit, although from the natur of the case the throat irritation is intense. WEIGHT IN GOLD. Under date Sept. 8, Mr. .1111 writes : f• I should long since h+ve been 4-s,l but for your Loren es they are worth their weight in gold. I will gladly see and tell everyone what a spleadld cough remedy they are." Keating's Lozeng-s are sold In tins Is. 1.4. each. The un- rivalled remedy for COUGHS, lIOARSENRSS,ancI THROAT TROUBLES.

MANUFAINCH2II.B,O/ . DNODRATIVEI AND ARti FURNIiIIRD. , , .

t ILIII. J I plain, Leeds.

. • NEW i. - • A ,Ll.t. .1. & Id ttedele. Al.lO Makers 1.-1. Office:77. o%Forl, 87 - Co. Work., 48.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
NT 64ACHINNRY

. work with coloured plates, 38. 641., tree.—W 56,Tonbr1dge-ist..,

listoosces,

TMPORTANT ervEN 21024 tor the marl ed. harmless anti 1 certain, 4 stamps for simple.—G. ANDREW, 54. Perth- road, Lond,n, N.

ARItIRD LADY'S Price List of Correctivos and pre ventive. with valuable Re ipee, free for Stamped Address.—Mr. HALL. Bider Grove. Sheffield.

____-------- AKISTOTLR'S WORKS, with plates 352 .Higre. 30 „Amp.. "Paris by night., or Gay Life In Parts' , illustrated 30 otamos.—Post tree &L BOWIE BIL, 27,'Itenehaw-st., Liverpool ' --- --

ARRIED LADIES.7-INFORMATION OF PRICELESS tV pert envelope to VALIIE(Int N).—Semi at once sta,m (Name this puler.) M. LAWRICNCE. 4. Dradley-et.. abeflield.

I,IXOHANON tor tamped Envelope for particulars. Mar- -124 rice' Ladv b i a most valwiNe harnalesd recipe for ladles.—Mrs. BAYLEY, Broad-it.. Nottingham.

r RIK). and those contemplating marriage. a list of ALAltthe best Malthosian a.,pliances and specialities, sent per return post on receil,t of Id. etamp.—Pkinum,32,Caven- dish-road, Leeds.

. rilo MARRI RD.—Bend stamped addressed envelope I for full particulars of the most perfect and harmless Family Preventatives as recommended by eminent physiciams irregulariti-s and obstruction removeol, health restored.—D. MAlisEr BALFOUR. 86, Strand, Loudon.

rpONV LE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS for Females, quickly correct all irregularities, remove all obstructions. and relieve the distressing syntptorns so pram. lent with the sex. Boxes Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. of all chemists gent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the =ker. B. T. Towl.x, Chemist. Nottingham.

ONB BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 ;11.1.6 is war- ranted to cure all discharge% from the Urinary Organs, In either sex (acquired or constitutional). Gravel. and Pains In the back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes, 43. sa. each, by all Chemists and Pateht Medicine Vendors through, nt the World ; or sent to any address for sixty stamps by the Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRIRI COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BARCLAY & London, and all the Wholesale Houses.

LADIES.—FEM ALE I R REG UL AR ITIES and 013STRUCTIOhS.—Th.i DIFFICULIY SOLVED AT LAST.—A lady having Tried in Vol. Every Advertised Remedy. Luis at last discovered a SIMPLE MEANS of SELF - CURE, particulars of which she will forward PEEK OF CHARGE to Her Poor .iuff,ring Sex on receipt of atamped addressed envelope. Send at once, and waste no more time ' end money upon Worthless Pile Mixtures, and other So- called ItertiMles of this class, 1411 eh car se pain, sickness, and Injury tolls system without hiving the necessary treat.— Write, with full hope and onitidener, to Mrs. V. °LAIR, 46, Southampton Build ngs, Chancery-lane, London, W.C.

WOMAN'S FRIEND, HUXLEY'S SPECIAL MIXTUItE. THE MOST POWEitPUL AND EFFECTUAL MEDICINE KNOWN The recipe of a famous French Physician,- Quick, sure. and ocrtain. Never fails to Relit ye and Cure, no m.itter how caused. Poet free to any address tor 2s. 9d. or be. 6d. per b dtle. Full instructions with each.

----- Send for the WIFWS Fitt RN D. a book for every woman who wishes to keep heal, by, GLASGOW HUXLEY, (U.S.), 176, Cemetery-road. sneffitdd, and Masonic Buhdlugs kopposite Market), Hot herh im.

if S R. JOHNSON.i,• CABINEI MAKER', JPHOITERERS g 'J1;1'7'1'114:110 t..lh 14' 111.11. L, .1, IL .1 I. •,.iu lu \ I • PATIIN'r ITOTLES original aro 4n. Es. 6d. post fr

===== 0002601_18931216_art0093.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
INORMOR

===== 0002601_18931216_art0094.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0095.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_18931216_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
Butter and eggs and a pound of cheese, Sweetmeats aud toffee; but what are these To the rap lire, the joy, the intense delight That await me there in the halls of light?

Hurrah t Hurroo He-he-ha Ho-ho-ho Ill" Why, Thomas Ferdinand Augustus, wh.t's the matter? Hays you g.,t, the first prize tor Latin composition? Has your uncle given you the chetienet pony' Have they made you captain of the school eleven ? " "No, father, better, ever so much better. Hi-hi 1. Ho- be Ho-ho I Hurrah! Hurrah!! Hurrah!!! " Why, bless the boy, he's quite dotty. You must be rehearsing from the Kentucky Derbies." Fitt the father was quite wrong. His son was strictly compos mentis. Ihe fact was, the eagle eye of Thomas Fierdinand Augustus had fallen upon the following annot nce- merit :

FATHER CHRISTMAS IS COMING. OPENING OF THB GREAT TOT FAIR AT COMPTON HOUSE, LIVERPOOL 'IKE BACHANTED CA.VB.

THE SMUGGLER'S RETREAT. THE HONIE OF THE FAIRIES.

THE GIANT'S CASTLE. Loops of eives.fairies, pixies. sprites. imps, dwarfs,gnomes, and brownies. Toys, Games. Story Books, Magic Packtts. Turkish Delight, and &Paradise of sweets for every good boy ord girl in Liverpool. Expulsion of aliens—transport lion fo• life of Euclid, Virgil. Eurropins, and Xenophon. A.boli- tien of c niags, cramming.. impositions. Wednesday after- : ans. dunce's caps, birch roil, practice, rule 01 three, .Idra:ic equations, mensur tion, trigonometry, parsing, Irregular verbs, and other relics of barbarism. The Triumph of the Innoce, ts. The Millennium of the World.

- Mesars. WATTS and CO have much plea sure in informing their young friends that in virtue of their ancient preroga- tive as guardians and protectors of the boys and girls of Liverpool. they have c trried the much needed reforms men- tioned above, and h vs apptinted Father Christmas their Master of Revels, and hay • commissioned him to provide such a week of joys ect cies, and deliets as it has never yet et, tered into the heart of man to conceive. He it therefore known to every youthful Dicky Sam of both sexes that " High on a throne of royal state which far Outshines this weal' Is of Ormus or of Ind."

FATHER CHRISTMAS IN TUB ENCHANTED GROTTO,

Supported by troops of fairies, elves, brownies, pucks, and good-fellows, dukes, earls, counts, viscounts, barons, mar- quises, bishops, and archb shops. the Tzar of all the Russias, the President of tl.e United States, the Mikado, the Queen of Trumps, and the Knave of Ilearti. WILL OPEN THE GREAT CHRISTMAS BAZAAR AND TOY FAIR. AT COMPTON HOUSE. LIVERPOOL. THIS DAY (THURaDAY), 14TH INST. AB tiIIBE CONDITA, 762,

(See Ficton's " Memorials of Liverpool." re Charter of 1-I.nry I.), in this year of grace one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three. When he will formally &clam the Great Toy Fair Open, and beg la at once b distribute the Magic Packtts of Toys to the incipient lord mayors and lady mayoresses of this famous city.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
ENTRANCE TO COMPTON HOUSE-FREE.

ADMISSION TO THE GROTTO—SIXPENCE. In exchange for which F,ther Christmas will give a Magic Packet of Toys, which will make the recipient "HAPPY EVER AFTER." Vivat Regina I Three Cheers for Father Christmas! •• To begin at the beginning ' of the Toy Fair and of His- tory, LET US GO BACK TO THE FLOOD.

The flood having abated, and the Ark safely landed on Ararat, the patriarch No,sh accepted the offer of Messrs. Watts an • Co. (mad, by mita c tender) to buy it at a large discount for . rompt cash.. Having thus a.'quired the original (ss hich they have prgiented to the British Museum —the Ark at New Brigtton is a spurious imitation). Messrs. Watts and Co , are able to guarantee every one of their Noah's Arks an exact copy of the original. Noah 'S Arks in white wood, with white animals (grown white with age) 2s. 9d. Noah's Arks, painted, from 60. to ss. 6d. Th, as Ark, contain all the original animals except the raven and the dove, which couldn't be found. Single animals from Wombwell's Menagerie. Fi,h from the Wholesale Fish Market—pike, perch, roach, rudi, dace, gudgeon, chub, bleak, minnow, stickleback, carp, breim, salmon. " Aid hers and thsre a lusty trout. And here and there a grayling," The Fish Pond containiug the lot, ss. 6d.

INDIA-RUBBBB TOYS.—sailor dolls, with knitted dresses. 2s. 3d, and 3s. 6d. and Baty Dolls without. is. 6d. and is. lid. Baby rolls dressed in the height of the fashion, with we'l-developed lungs. 3s. 3d 4s. 6d. 58.11 d. Water Babies, float like cork, llid. or with rattle attached at half atke Rrice. Babies' Rattles, with bells aid rings. Ilfd. Ducks, which swim like fish and dive like Tommy Burns, Bens, laratitiful models, 104 d. Lambs, fa white rubb,r, std. and 10Ad. Donkeys, white and coloured ("I pray thee, gentle mortal, sing again ; mine ear is much enamon ed of thy note") Is. lid. Donkey, in coloured rub- ber, with bday on back Es. 6d.

Far future Telfords and Steyensons there are MECHANICAL ETOTS worked by pneumatics, clock-work. .tc. The Pneu- matic Toys include Monkey on stick, ; Clown with Clappers, Walking Clown, with drum and cymbals—not as simple as ha looks-2s. 1.14. Ballet Girl, on stand, 100. Rabbit with cymbals in wooden shoes, 50. Amongst the other Mechanical Toys are a large lot of simple mechan'cal toys, at sil. and WO. A mechanical Duck, gw.s for eight hours at once, 12e. 94. Clown and Donkey, 3s. 64. and Bs. lid. Jumping Rabbits, Clockwork Guinea Pigs. Squirrels on wheels, Electric Cars, and a whole lot of

others. • MECHANICAL TRAINS (with permanent way constructed by Lord Bravey, who made a million sterling out of the contract), 2s 11(1. Boys are warned that by the new act they cannot work their signalmen more than eight hours ar a stretch. To prevent accidents on these lines the block system id strictly eLforced. Should any passenger be killed however. Messrs. Watts and Co. have mercifully arranged that the owner of the line shall be SENTENCED BY THE RECORDER.

MECHANICAL MERRY-GO-ROUNDS, with three boats for dolls, 6s. 11d. Merit mical Tramcars, with driver, horses, and passengers, 14s. 64. Strong Metal Race Games, to revolve with horses, 110., 2s. 4d., and 3s. Lid., and extra large sizes 6s. 114., 94. lid., to 21s. ; with bicycles instead of horses, 123.6 d. Clockwork Trains, good, 6s. 11d. and 7s. 114.

It is sornswhat risky to buy Parrots without previous know ledge of their owners. TI e vocabulary of our Mechanics Parrots at 101 d. is unobjectionable. Sailors Parrots we, refused to receive on any terms. Hark, Hark Bow-wow! The watch clop bark, bow-wow I

Naturally, for they are trying to run off with his kennel, One dog 3s. 6d , with two d•ze, 48. 6d. This will console the young lady (or was it a young gentleman) hose " Daddy w3uldn't buy her a Bow-wow.

THE ROYAL MEWS.

Tte home of equine not feline. quadrupeds is in proximity to the Royal Pala e. and contains a magnificent stud of Hunters, Hacks, Ct.bs, Racehorses, Trotter,, Cart Hors s, Ponies, !.rata, Clydesdales, as well as the most famous steeds of history restored to life by the magic wand of Father Christmas. vie., Bucephalus, the war charger of Alexander the Great : Pegasus, the winged horse of Bellerophon ; Herewarsi's mare Swallow and Dick Turi EBlaca Bess. Note the flashing eye of Zoedone. 165.9 d.; the arched neck of Ormonde 21s. 6d. ; the flowing mane of Lobengula, 355. 6d. ; and how impatiently Plying Scud, 635. (the winner of next year's Derby) champs the foaming bit. - - -

HORSES on stands, Is. O. Stool Horses, with flat backs on wheels, 2s. 114. to 6e. 6d. Pole Horses, very str.nsr. is, 11d. to 3s. 64 and In very large slam ss. 111. 71. 111.. and 9.. lid Swing Horses. In solid wood. 14s. 64. to 63e.

Rocking Iforses with safety rail, 16. 6d. to 48s. 6d. HORSES and . ARTS, Days. Waggons, Perambulators. and Mail Carts. in endless variety. A capital lot of Horses and Cars, at 11}d. ; other lots beautifully made. with ex elrent fittings. at 2s. lid , 31. lid.. 4s. lid., to 9s. 64. Best Horses and Carts, varnished very strong, 213. Dolls' Mail Carts, 2s. lid. Full size Mail Carts, well made, 108. 64 141_6d., and Its. 64. Dolls' Perambulators 21: _ll4. to

4.. 114. Wheelbarrows. in wood. Ild., Is. 60., and Is 110. ;In iron. 3s. 6d. Wood Engines, some of the very large size, capital toys, llid. to3s. I.ld. Alice in Wonderland sn't •• In It" with the little boys and girls who Yait the Great Toy Fair at Compton House: fh4 who would htve thmaht that the Great Toy Fair had anything to (10 with the treaty of peice which ter. minated

===== 0002601_18931216_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GREAT COAL WAR.

It is generally supposed that it was Mr. Gladstone will sug- gested to Lord Itoset,ery that he should intervene to bring the industrial conflict to an end ; but "re are now in a posi- tion to state offidally that it was another Grand Old Man to whom the suggestion was clue. It was Father Christmas who put an end to it because ha would not permit anything to interfere with the happiness of his young friends during the Great Christmas Fair at Compton House. Add so far vas he from consenting to anything like a reduction In wages that he or .ered a general advance ill happiness to date from Thursday, December the 14th, from which date all parents were to give their children sixpence& week extra pocket money. Therefore, parents, down with the cash. .• the law allows it, and tie court awards it," and Father Christ- . . .

.. , • Inas provides a multitude of Toys in exchange for it. Masks small eomical ones, at lid. esch; runny Faces at 6d.; Sip- van Winkles with beard and moving eyes. at 110, and is. 114 d. ; Indiarubber galls, 40. to is. CO. ; Stables, with Horees.6o. and is. 00 . with horses, waggon. and men', at 2.4.110 to 6s. lid. ; Butchers' Shops, 60. to 2s. 6d ; -Farms in white wood, at 110. ; Building Bricks, in I axes, from 80• to 14a. 64 . • Drawing slates. 60. to 11d. ; Boxes of Paints, es;ia and 110. to 25.6 d. • Footballs, from is, 40. to Zs 6d. ; and a vast incre•ee to t.hemilitary forcesof the country in the shape of Soldiers and Munitions of War. Boxes Of tal Soloters, Is. 40. to 2s. ;lid. ;complete sets of Metal Soldiers (all soldiers of great me. al), in strongbox, 7g.&i ; boxes of NNood soldiers (as tough as Irish bog oak), Is. 60. ; Soldiers' Sets, containing sword, cap, belt, &e., 110. to 7. 6d. ; Strong Guns, fresh from the slaughter of the Matabele, 6d. to Is 64 ;SO-ton Guns from Woolwich. Obsolete Guns (to be 501: as old iron), from the Fort at New Brighton ; Air Guns, with darts, ls. so and Is, 110 ; Drums, with Coloured nbbon, 110 to le, 11d. • Forts, with complete sets of soldiers. 110. to 66.6 d. What about France and Russia in the Mediterranean now ? "We've got the men, we got the guns, we've got the money too." GREAT TOT FAIR AT 1 VOMPTON 111 USE, LIVERPOOL. WATTS AND Co.

. ,

===== 0002601_18931216_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
tetterg to the Obitor.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
THE STATE OF ELLESMERE-STREET.

Sir,—l would like to ask through your valuable paper whether it is not time that some steps were taken by the Paving Committee to alter the prc-ent deplorable state of Ellesmere-street. It is both a public disgrace and a source of danger too,that it should be left open as a public road in its present state. A few evenings ago, a rev. gentleman, who was applinted to preach at the mission chapel in Eilesmerc-street, found his way to the bottom of Greenall-street and Ellesmerc stet, but had to beat a retreat on account of the awful state of the road, and make a circuit round Church-street and Mer- sey-street before L log able t I get to the mh-ion. Such a state of things ought not to be, considering that this is the nearest road from Howley Quay to Mersey-street and the surrounding neighbourhood, and that the work- men and work-women use it mostly on account of its nearness of access to the works in that neighbourhood. Something ought to be done to move the Committee in this matter. I remain yours. ONE OF THE SUFFERERS. Warrington, Dec. 14, 1893.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON SUNDAY SCHOOL UNION.

Sir,—With your kind permission I would like to draw the-attention of all interested in Sunday School work to the recently formed Warrington Sunday School Union, and to make an earnest appeal to all schools, holding and practising the doctrine as embodied in rule "2," to become identified with the Union. This rule is as fol- lows:—" The Union shall compri- 3 those schools within a radius o! five miles, which hold the doctrine of the Trinity ; the atonement of our Lord Jesus Christ; the regenerative influence of the Holi Spirit; and that all Scripture is given by inspiratinn of God. The ministers, officers and teachers of all connected schools shall be re- garded as members of the Union." There is great need for more combined and systematic effort in our Sunday School teaching, and work gener- ally, and the formation of such an institution as the one referred to—which is strictly of an undenominational character, and which will, if worked aright, offer many advantages to schools connected—should be a matter of satisfaction to those who take an interest in the religi- ous education of the young. A hearty invitatien is held out to the ..^bools in the town and district, and any information may be had on application to the secretary.—Yours truly, S. FEKNLEY, 14, Sankey-st., Warrington.

.'ee. pro. tern.

THE PRINCIPLES OF GOVERNMENT.

Sir,—Mrs. John Bidclulph Martin, who, as Victoria Woodhull, caused a commotion in American political circles by standing for the Presidency twenty years ago, has recently elaborated a system of Government which she terms the " Humanitarian "system. This system is to be, not Liberal or Conservative, not Socialistic or Individualistic—but simply Humanitarian; which, defined, means a Government which shall, in all ' respects, look after the internal welfare of its people. Es' the laissez faire school of politicians it will doubtless be objected that men are quite capable of looking after their own welfare ; but the existence of one confirmed and irresponsible drunkard is an undeniable proof to the contrary. It may well be argued, indeed, that if Gov- ernments have passed Game Laws, have introduced '4-actory Acts, have placed Criminal Law Amendment Acts upon the Statute hook, why should they not go further and make it penal, as is now suggested,for those who have not sufficient means to live properly, or for those afflicted with an hereditary disease, such as con- sumption,to marry and so perpetuate,if not increase,the sum of human misery ? Mrs. Martin's definition of the Cabinet is interesting : " In a Humanitarian Government the Cabinet would be composed of Philosophers representing every branch of Science. They would utilize this knowledge and would feel how necessary it is to look after the internal welfare of the people." This is an interestitig question, and one quite above chose of party politics.—Yours faithfully, TERTULLIAN.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRIST AND THE CATHOLICS.

Sir,—Will you permit me to point out to" Dissenter" that as Catholics do not admit the Bible to be the only rule ot faith they are not bound to prove everything by it. The Church itself is older than the Bible and is the witness for it ; and if the Church's authority is sufB- - to decide what books shall or shall not be included in the Bible, why is it not sufficient also to decide what doctrines or practices shall be taught. The "worship "of the Mother of Christ and the yen- eration of the relics of good men, are the result of the ordinary feelings of humanity and need no defence ; we, like the first disciples,wish to persevere with one mind In prayer with "Mary the Mother of Jesus and with His brethren" (Acts 1,14), and to " glorify God "in His Saints (Gal.i, 24). The means and manner of so doing differ with the circumstances in which we live. The power to give" indulgencies " is derived from the authority to remit sins given to the Church in the begin- ning (Matt. xviii, 18). " Confession "is commanded to. all (James v, 16) ; whether it is public, before the whole congregation, or " auricular" to 4e priest only, depends on the judgment of the Church as to which is the more convenient or useful system. Do our Protestant Dissen- ters practice any system of open confession of this ? Special rules for the clergy are laid down in the Pastoral Epistles—e.g.,they must not have been married , more than once—so that they really were a separate class ; and as to the Apostles, the types of all, the won.l " separate "is used (Acts xiii, 2). The Church lays " no command of celibacy "upon.us ; it upholds marri- age as a sacrament. The Pope lithe successor of St. Peter, and,St. Peter is certainly distinguished from all the other'Apostles, in the New Testament. It is, for example, impossible to understand the Epistle to the Galations unless we recognise the position of primacy and authority svhleli he held amongst the first Christians. The Bible therefore, does witness, to those who study it attentively, to the truth and propriety of those doctrines which the Catholic Church teaches and has always taught.—Yours truly, B. L. Dec. 7, 1893.

Sir,—The stand which " Dissenter " takes in matters religious would be an admirable one but for two or three rather important defects. His main thesis appears to be this : that no doctrine which is not explicitly set forth in Holy Writ is t. be accepted as part of God's revelation. This,indeed,is the contention of Protestants in general, but in attempting its demonstration no Pro- testant has succeeded as yet in satisfying all the require- ments. of logic. - • " • • •

_ In the first place,what proof have we that those hooks which Protestants admit as Scripture are the only in- spired writings that ever came into existence? In his first Epistle to the Corinthians, St. Paul speaks, ,is we may reasonably infer, of a letter which he already had sent to them. What has become of it? If it was not an inspired writing, what proof have we of the fact? If it was inspired, who shall say that it contained nothing which cannot he found in such of his Epistles as had COMO down to us. or in some other part of that volume ' which we call the Bible? 'rhere is good reason to think, moreover, that St. Paul wrote an epistle to the Lancli- , ceans. For all that Protestants can show to the contrary, may not this also have been iuspired and have contained

===== 0002601_18931216_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1893.

this Public Hall (I mean Town Hall—they have changed the name)—is going to cost. Of course it is said the subject is "Old and thread-bare" and it should drop. Well, I like the maxim "forgive and forget." Yet when I get tim quarterly water accounts with double to pay, and the other Commissioners' accounts with one-fourth more to pay than formerly, I sigh for the good old times when Mr. McCorquodale was Chairman, and also the times of Mr. Gooch who followed the lines of his pre- decessor; and I then say, if in my power, I would, with one or two exceptions, make a clean sweep of the present Board, for it would be impossible for the next one to be worse. _ _

Mr. Evans is a friend of mine, but I object to his prin- ciple of levelling up the rates, and also his plan of free education, even with the assistance of a lady; and as to the actions of the Chairman, let me direct your atten- tion to a retrospect of some of the things recently done by him. A: When the deputation met the Commis- sioners at the beginning of last month to ask their assist- ance to get the township divided into wards, the Chair- man told it that he had not consulted any of his col- leagues and could give no reply that day. Yet Mr. Stone's letter on the ward question had been sent some six weeks , before. B : He told the deputation that he considered INewton well represented, and that Mr.. Evans was a I Newton representstive, and, although the expressions of dissent were general and figures were produced to show that Mr. Evans was not a Newton representative,he (the Chairman) said hiA case was proved. C: The Press was excluded at the special meeting the Commissioners had to discuss the application for wards, and to this Jay we have no details as to how the question was handled, beyond an imaginative report. D: At last meeting ha is reported to have Said "Whether the County Council had power to divide the township into wards and in- crease the number of memt W ,14 a Puestion he was unable to form a judgmeot on." Th: la is a most remarkable statement. Why did he not ask "our Law Clerk," who was at his right hard? The question has been before the Chairman for some three months; the Board has a "gal adviser who attends the meetings regularly, and yet the Chairman tells the ratepayers through the " Examiner " that he does not know the County Councils' powers in this 'mportant matter. Surely our Law Clerk should have been al'owed to make a public statement on the question? I venture to tell the Board and the ratepayers generally that the County Council have full power in this matter. It has been asked to exercise those powers, and the present Board of Com- missioners cannot prevent it. Yet it would have been so much better if the Board had acted in a conciliatory spirit instead of throwing obstacles in the way, in the manner it has done. Crewe was for many years governed by the Railway Company quite as much as this town is to-day. Yet after many struggles and rebuffs it succeeded in getting freedom. The last deputation who attended the share- holders half-yearly meeting at Euston, at which various speakers laid the question before the shareholders, had the desired effect. Poor Sir Richard Moon almost cried and begged the meeting to leave the matter jn his hands, which it did. After that the railway representa- tives got the hint, and they quietly but gradually resigned. It has a soothing effect to think the ratepayers are awakening up—the signs are unmistakeable—with a de- termination to throw off the yoke; and why should they not succeed ? The first step has been made. The Ward Committee was unanimously selected and delegated with full powers to use all lawful means to obtain the wards. A stronger or more representative Committee could not have beers appointed, and from what I know individually of its members I am sure no stone will be left unturned to obtain what is so much needed as, yours respectfully, December 12th, 1893.

FREEDOM.

hoods," &c. Well, Sir the opinion of most people in War- rington is, that with Alderman Harrison the afore-sal " genius for inaccuracy" was born fully developed, and that in his case it has for a great number of years answered "all the purposes of deliberate falsehoods." I venture to think, Sir, even yet, that my reputation for truthfulness will bear favourable comparison with the character of Alderman Joseph Harrison. Certainly if the people of Warrington were called upon to select a local imitator of the great " George Washington, who never told a lie," their ehoice•would not fall upon this particular" Joseph." With that sublime disregard of facts which is so nrominent a feature in the personality of Alderman Harrison, but which I now presume is merely an evidence of his "genius for inaccuracy "—"I thank thee, Jew, for teaching me that word "—or at the worse of his " crazy vapouring," he tells us that the opposition to this scheme of pulling down the Park wall is purely political, barring the aid of a " few erratic Conservatives."

I haNte care,ally examined the records of the Council proceedings since 1884, and I 11nd that at various times the whole ef the following Conservative members of the Council have voted against the removal of the wall, viz,, Messrs. Webster, Davies, Litton, Chandley, Ashton, Jas. Fairclougk, Tinsley, Percival, J. V. Taylor, W. H. Jen- kins, Bolton and Heaton. Several of these gentlemen are no longer with us, but although they were loyal and active members of the Conservative party, they were strenuously opposed to the needless expenditure of the ratepayers' money for the purpose of improving the property of the Tory club. Talk about a "dirty, low, political job " (thanks again Mr. Harrison), why, what else is it ? The advocacy of this question has not originated with the able and more independent mem- bers of the Tory party in the Council, but has been left almost entirely in the hands of a faction who do not scruple to take advantage of their present majority to force a question upon which the opinion of the rate- payers has never been sought, and which when the hill comes to be paid will probably cost them dear. If the Conservative Club had not been situated where it is, the raking down of this wall would have been advocated " when the pigs begin to 11y," and not before. But, Sir, what is the tenible sum of my offence that Alderman Harrison should thus wring his hands, shriek out his maledictions, and genera'ly make a silly of himself ? I did not say a single word at the last Council meeting against the idea of improving the ap- pearance of the Town Hall by taking down the wall. I simply did what I believed to be my duty to the rate- payers whose servant I am by opposing an expenditure which at the present time is wholly unnecessary and most inopportune. Surely I had a right to do this without incurring the " wild and crazy vapourings " of Alder- man Harrison. At any rate the members ot the Council did not take exception to my conduct, for they paid me the highest compliment which any speaker can receive, by listening with the most respectful attention to the whole of my remarks. It is not material to my argu- ment whether the " job " costs £4OO or £2,ooo,although no one but a fool would dream for a moment that the former sum will cover what is contemplated, and what will bathe consequence nt the removal of the wall which will have to be &tie sooner or later.

The present is a most serious time in the history of our town. With a debt of considerably over half a million sterling, of which no less than £lOO,OOO is for unre- munerative improvements, with rates at 63. 4d. in thee with an unpaid balance of expenditure on smallpox account of nearly £3,000 carried forward for payment out of next year's rate, and, therefore, a great probab- ility of the present excessive rates being maintained for at least one more year. with bad trade and little pros- pect of an early improvement, with the excessive poverty and distress which will follow for months, vet in the train of the recent sad lock-out in the coal trade, with certain items of additional heavy expenditure con- fronting us, and which cannot possibly be much longer delayed, with the improvement of Bridge-st., not half accomplished, I do not hesitate to denounce any expen- diture which is not absolutely unavoidable.

There is not a solitary argument that will bear ex- amination which can be adduced in favour or forcing this scheme at the present moment, and the combined influences of the " wild and crazy vapourings " of Alder- man Harrison, and that inborn "genius for Inaccuracy" with which he is so richly endowed, will fail to throw dust in the eves of any ratepayer who is not already blinded by party prejudice as to the real object of the promoters of the present wanton expenditure of public money.—Yours, &c.,

HENRY ROBERTS.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
DISESTABLISHMENT AND HISTORY.

Sir,—lt is lamentable to see the ostrich policy pursued by the State Church stipendiaries, supported by,amprigst their own hooded victims, members of the various free churches, of all people, who sign themselves " Dissen- ter," &c., and backed up by Frodsham folks, and kindred ilk. This people would give us to understand that no association, whatever it laws or regulations may be, has the right to censure or expel its members who become obnoxious and break them.

The Catholic Church, for example, if it expels any member who is a traitor in the camp ; the Good Team- lard, if they discharge one who persistently indulges in diurnal dram drinking ; the Protestant " Evangelical " alliance, if it finds one of its adherents accepting a bribe from the Catholics to write or spout in favour of " Popery," and thereupon dismisses him as a black sheep ; all those bodies are intolerant, persecutors, chaining down, and enslaving the human intellect, and all sorts of horrible enemies to " liberty " and " free- do:n." Such is the philosophy now being gravely advanced for the mental digestion of grown men, in the epistolary columns of the" Examiner. . . .

The " 'Protestant Reformed religion as established by law "is the legal title of those churches in this kingdom which are subject to the yoke of Caesar, or the civil power ; in airect violation of the injunctions laid down by our Lord himself in His remarks on the coin of the tribute. It matters hot whether it takes the form of Anglican Episcopalianism, or Scottish Presbyterianism, inaunuch as the sovereign, at the coronation service,has to swear to maintain that Caesarian, or civil yoked religion before the Archbishop of Canterbury can place the crown on his (or her) head. That law-established religion, allied and subject to those very " principalities and powers" against which Our Saviour established the crusade of ills church militant, His kingdom " not of this world," does not date further back than theßeform- ation.

According to a Parliamentary return obtained by the late Mr. Summers, M.P., more than five-sixths of the income of this Cmiarian religion arises from pre-reform- ation endowments. At no period in pre-reformation times was there ever in this country such a law estab- lished religion. The church in those days was as free from state control as are the Nonconformist Churches of to-day. No doubt the Pope wielded immense influence, for the obvious reaton that the whole of the people were Catholics. But so also would the president of the Wea- levan Conference, or the moderator of the Scottish Free Church wield immense influence if the whole of the British people were to join (eau •of their respective churches. The church endowments, then, both pre and post-reformation, are private endowments, with this important distinction, tllat more than five-sixths of them are now misappropriated to totally different pur- poses from those for which they were bequeathed ; and this misappropriation is held purely in virtue of the Act of Royal bumemacy in matters spiritual, which was first thrust on an unwilling people in 1534, A.D. It is true that latterly a new superstition has been invented by this Cmsarian sect, called "Anglican Con- tinuity," and a hired band of itinerant lecturers is engaged to preach the superstition. Its object, is to prove, by ths falsification of history, that the present department of state known legally as "The Protestant Reformed Religion as established by Law," and the pre- Reformation Church are identical. If John Bull, along with his brethren, Sandy and Taffy (Pat, wiser than we, dissolved partnership with us in this incubus more thari 20 years ago), can only be. like Gulliver's Apothecary, gulled into swallowing this proposition, compensation for disendowtnent is secured, and disestablishment will be conceded with a light heart. Unfortunately for the success of this deal, we have had in operation since the Irish church compensation farce, seventy-two years of a compulsory education law, and John Sandy, and Taffy are fully familiar with the historical fact that the pre-Reformation endowments were left to a totally different church, and for quite different purposes from those of the present " trustess," viz.,'interalia, housing, feeding, and clothing the poor, tending the sick, instructing the ignorant, masses for the dead, and all the other corporal and spiritual works of mercy ; in short for essentially national purposes. The fact is emphasised on their attention, inasmuch as they find themselves mulcted in poor rates, education rates, hospital rates, asylum rates, Scc., from all of which im- pnars,‘ previous to the advent of this alien sect (in- troduced into the country by German interlopers, and, according to historians Green, Hallam, and others, thrurt on the people by hired foreign bayonets), the English people were free. These things are matters of common knowledge,and it behoves all friends of freedom to rally round to the active support of their cause and not lose themselves in swelling the abusive" no popery' howlings of the " Evangelical " Alliance emissaries' which" Evangelical" Protestant Alliance show is run by " low "State churchmen, who are living on the bread of the State institution, in other words on the bread which belongs to the poor. It is too much after the con- duct of Nero, who, we are told,was busy fiddling whilst his capital was burning. The ignorant bogey of " Popery," which served so well in days gone by to scare away investigation, has vanished before the beams of modern enlightenment as completely as the ramparts of Jericho fell under the echoes of the bugle, and the " defenders " of the Cresarian church can no more retard the tide of Dis - establishment than King Canute could keep back the tide of the ocean.—Faithfully s. your WM. F. COMBER. Knowles Hill, Lewisham.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
ALDERMAN HARRISON-AN APOSTLE OF

TRUTH ! !

I Sir,—l am sorry for Alderman Harrison ! With old age one is accustomed to associate equability of temper. calmness, and a certain amount of wisdom, but really the worthy Alderman's fulmination in one of your contomporarys of Saturday last is so devoid of all these attributes that one cannot help being serionsly concernid for the gentlemans's health. The ebulliiion of had tem- per which runs through Mr. Harrison's epistle from be- ginning to end—to say nothing of his doubtful Latin— is pitiable to witness, and reminds one forciblV of the .-ccentric vagaries of an intoxicated " Sairey Gamp." Perhaps, however, it would only be charitable to assume that our friend was suffering from what is descrity-d in that eXcellent opera " Patience " as " transcendental- , ism of delirium," or as some people term it," indiges- tion." Howevor, lam troubled with a" liver" myself sometimes, so we'll let that pass. Mr. Harrison accuses me of "developing a dangerous genius for inaccuracy, : which if not carefully watched may go a long way to- wards answering all the purposes of delloarate false-

===== 0002601_18931216_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
"HOME RULE AND TIIE PROTESTANT MINORITY."

Sr.—As I have three gentlemen to answer this week, I tre:,t you will kindly allow me a little extra space to du so. As " Old Churchman's" letter comes first on the list we will take him first. This gentleman in trying to refute my statement concerning the late Dean McNeile, practically admits that what I stated was true. To be sure he tries to explain it away, by saying that some Catholic girl took her master's child to a Catholic priest to be baptized without the knowledge of its parents, which is a very likely story indeed, and as old Shake- bacon would say "very like a whale " ; but he admits that the Dean did advise his people to be careful about the characters of the servants they took into their em- ploy, and the Dean being such a rabid Protestant, would (and did) take good care, so far as he could prevent it , that no Catholic girl would have an opportunity of get- ' ting a situation in any Protestant family. One has only I to read between the lines, to see that my assertion is more tharNproved by our excellent friend, "An Old Churchman," and I beg to thank him for the kind ser- vice (unwittingly no doubt) he has done me. And now number two is "A Dissenter," and he heads his letter "Christ and the Catholics "—(not Roman) thanks. Now, this gentleman is most profuse in his abuse' and in his reckless simile, he likens the Statims of the Cross to his boot. Well, judging by his high class letter, I have no doubt that he knows more about leather than the ques- tion he was so very foolish to write about. But sour correspondent is not of the nervous kind, he is -bold enough to write that Luther did not make the Protes- tant religion, and also that the Catholic Church was not made by our Blesezd Saviour Jesus Christ. Well, really, after this what next? Some of these milk-and-water historians and Bible class theologians, will try to per- suasle us historians, this is not the nineteenth century, and that we are all fools. Let us take the position of the Estab- lished Church of England regarding this question. A time was when "certain wholesome and godly exhor- Wiens " from the Book of Homilies were inevitable in England "every Sunday and Holy-day." It was thought that Englishmen could not have too much of that book for "quieting of their consciences " ; though they had , heard it "plainly and distinctly" from cover to cover. Their dread sovereign, Elizabeth, required the same to be "repeated and read again." It was privileged—an ex- ception to the general rule against " vain repetitions.' After the damning verdict of the fourteenth Homily pronounced on all previous churchmen,viz., that "laity and clergy, learned and unlearned, all ages, sects and degrees of men, women and children of whole Christen- dom had berm at once drowned in abominable idolatry, and that by the space of eight hundred years and more" it is not clear how such men as " Dissenter," are going to prove who (if not Christ Himself) created or ma le the Catholic religion. Now, we have got an illtistration above of the position of "church people" on this ques- tion. Now what is the position of our friends the Dis- senters? Did they ever claim to be the original church? No. They all of them maintain that—" The church of Rome became corrupt, after a certain time, and that, God rased up men to reform His church ''—that is the position of both Churchmen and Dissenters. But no sane man ever yet claimed that any other church was made by Christ excepting the Catholic church in com- munion with "the Apes olic ts 3 of Rome." (Vide, Rev. Cha=. Gore at the Church Congress). But they all I 'maintain that she fell into error. The Est ablished Church asserts that the Catholic Church was pure at first, and they profess to accept the first four councils of the church I as teaching a true and holy doctrine. Now what can be urged ir defence of the Catholic Church in communion with the see of Peter? First let us examine the charter given to her by our Divine Master, Jesus Christ. Now, I trust all those who have bibles will open them and read the following texts. The teaching church is called by St. Paul " theipillar and,groUnd of truth." (Ist Timothy, iii. 15.) Our Lord promises that " the gates of hell shall not prevail against His church." (St. Matt., xxviii. 20.) Also that the Holy Spirit shall abide with her for ever for the express purpose of guiding her into all truth : " I will ask the Father, and He shall give you another Paraclete, that He may abide with you for ever." (St. John, xiv, 16.) Our Lord Jesus Christ put the Apostles in His place in His divine mission upon earth, and in the office of teaching. "He says "As my Father hath sent me, I also send you." (St. John, xx. 21.), Again, in another place lie says, " Be that heareth you, heareth Me; and he that des- piseth you despiseth Me." St. Luke x. 16. "Go ye therefore teach all nations and 10, I am with you to the end of the world." St. Mdthew xxviii, 19-20. " Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church,and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it," St. Matthew xvi, 18. Now, it is certain that if the Catholic Church became corrupt, and if it was necessary to make a new church instead of it, then the gates of hell have prevailed against it. But Christ promised that this should never happen. SO that before Protestants can defend their new church, they must show that the pro- mise of Christ has not been kept, and that the devil has prevailed against the old church. 1 will leave this task to our friend " Dissenter." _ .

And now for Mr. Foulkes. This gentleman calls upon me to apologise to him or pay a forfeit to the infirmary I Well, now, look you—as our good Welshmen would say--there is nothing like cheek. For what shall I apologise? Mr. Foulkes makes a false asstrtion, saying that Cardinal Wiseman took an oath to persecute heretics. I ventured to deny this—and what evidence does this person bring to defend his statement. Ile says several persons headed by the false prophet Cumming, who beat old Mother Shipton in the prophe- tical business, saw the docuwnt. Well now Mr. Foulkes, what is this to do with our good Warrington public? Why can't you let them see a copy of the document in the original Latin and let them judge for themselves? And ' if you can't translate it I will try and get it done for you. I am always anxious to oblige anyone in difficul- ties. The cock and bull story from Spain is something like our American stories, highly flavoured. Such

stories always come from Spain. Now, if Mr. Foulkes and the rest of the McCrankies who go to make up the Evangelizal (Them!) Union, had to pay forfeit for every lie they utter about the Holy Catholic Church they would he very soon in the Union—not Evangelical, especially the soup—although by the way the workhouse , is an Evangelical institution. It is about the only return 1 that the English people have ever or are ever likely to get from the proceeds of the robberies committed by the reforming gentry in this country. I notice Mr. Foulkes trots outDr.Littledale's grotesque notion of "the unani- mous consent of the Fathers." Yet a little while, and Mr. Foulkes would denounce Dr. Littledale and all the Ritualists as " Jesuits in disguise," " traitors to the church," Romanists " Ste., &c.; and I verily believe that if this class of " tolerant " protestants only had their way, they would never rest till they had such good and earnest men as Rev. Bell-Cox, or our good charitable neighbour Rev. F. Slater, decently hung and buried in lime within the precincts of one of her Majesty's prison walls. Such are the ways of your "Evangelical toter- . ant Protestant." lam not ambitizms, and do not wish to engage any longer with such a mild, meek, militant, churchman, as this Mr. Foulkes. I like honest dealing, and fora man who can use Littledale one day, and then brand him as a traitor the next, I 'have nothing but Sympathy.—Yours, kc.,

J. C. DALTON.

WEEKLY REPORT ON THE REALDI OI

WA RR IN GTON During the week, which was the 49th of tbe current year, the following births and deaths were registered :—Births : Warrington, 32 ; Latchford, 6; total,3S. Deaths : Warrington.24 Latchford. 1. total 25. The excess of births over deaths was The death-rate from all causes was equal to 235 per 1,000, against 20.9 the average of the previous 10541 i weeks, and against 16.3 the corresponding week,;( last year. The death-rate from the seven cLl'4 at zymotic diseases was equal to 1.8 per 1,000, ago% 3 the average rate of the four previous weeks, at against 2.3 the corresponding week of 189,': The ages of mortality were :-0 to 1 to 5,3; 5 to 15. 2 ; 15 to 25, 0 ; 25 to 60, 8 ; total, 25. The deaths included I frc:l— ; 1 from whooping cough ; 2 from fluenza and lung disease; 1 from croup ; 3 fcr°7,l phthisis ; 2 from cancer; 2 from old age ; lung disease ; 2 from brain disease; 1 het disease. The following cases of infectious dise',. have been reported during the week :--scatlet feee 10. METEOROLOGY.—The mean temperature NI; 421 Fah., and therefore about the same as 3, preceding week. The maximutntemperature 51% ra' was recorded on the 6th inst.,and the temperature 20 F., on the 3nd inst. The rain 4.. measured '65 inch. The general direction was the reading of the Anemometer denoting 17 miles.—JoHN H. GORNALL. Medical Officer ° Health.

Fever Hospital, Aikin-st., Warrington:_ Report for the month ending 30th November. 1803 • In Hospital Ist November 55 Admitted during the month— Cases of Scarlet Fever Cases of Enteric Other Diseases 0

Total 92 Discharged Cured Dead In Hospital Ist December 55 Total 92 JOHN El. GORNALL, Medical Superintendent. • At the Warwick Assizes. on Wednesday, a labcur named Harris was sentenced to death for the murder his sweetheart. Florence Clifford, at Aston, in Septet° last. The prisoner expressed his regret that he wag 13, able to get at the girl's mother, whom he would 131 chopped into mincemeat.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
"CARDINAL WISEMAN'S OATH."

Sir,—The points to be observed concerning the episco. pal oath are as follows :-1 : Before the Reformation, when England was a Catholic country, heresy was a crime against the law of the land. The legislature con- sidered it to be the duty of the bishops to arraign teachers of heresy before the church courts, and after regular trial, to excommunicate them or deliver them to the civil law. 2 : It is childish ignorance of Protestants to render the word " persoquar " by the modern word persecute in the case referred to. Its Latin meaning is " to follow up," "to pursue," and as Sinith's, one of the most standard Latin dictionaries, gives it to prose- cute, to take proceedings against. The oath of pre-reformation bishops contained the clause" Heretics and schismatics and rebels to our said lord, and his said succ-ssors,l will to the utmost powe prosecute and contend ageinst " Q guar et impurr- nato), her-use it was an ordirary and I al part of a bishop's duties to try cc ;of her -y in the church courts. 3 : Now that England is no longer a Catholic but a missionary country. and when heresy is no longer a crime which our bishops can make cognizable by the civil law, the clause I 's no longer any meaning in the sense of a public and legally recognized procedure. 4 : In view of the totally different condition of things now obtaining in England, Pope Pius VII. in 1818 (12th April) drew up and prescribed a form of episcopal oath to be taken by bishops of the British Em- pire. This form is the one now used at all consecrations of Catholic nishops in these count': . It is the same mainly as the old pre-Reformation oath, but with the clause about heretic', &c.,as al ye, complrt2ly left out. 5: At Cardinal Wiseman's consecration,a rding to the decree of Pius VII., this was the form of oath he took. 6: Qpnsequently, what Mr.Foulkes and other Protestant accusers have to prove is :-1 : That in C- dinal W'se- man's consecration, the decree of Pope Pius VII. was violated and infringed. 2: That the clause was not erased, and that it was publicly recited by him at his consecration in spite of the Papal decree. If they have any witnesses to prove this they ought to produce them. In conclusion, let me say that Mr. Foulkes would do well to study a little some other kind of educational ,--orks than "Jewel, Blackeney, and the charitable Dean."—Yours,&c., J. C. DALTON.

THE IMMORALITIES OF INDUSTRIALISM. ' Sir,—Whatever shade of doubt I might have had as to my being right in contending against the sinfulness—the , injustice—of intimidation has novr been removed. The amount of abuse I am getting is evidence that the medi- cine I have been offering is salutary, but bitterly dis- tasteful. Had I cared to covet popular favour, I should have advocated some easy, pleasant abrogation of ethical principles standing in the way of federated action and delegate interests. The "Down Grade" is the most acceptable, and its advocates are ever the in ost .opular. I should not have troubled you again on this question had there not been a fresh outbreak of the " 'orny 'ended" subversion of ethical principles to (supposed) class interests. I should have thought Mr. Whitham would have been sufficiently " level headed " to have seen that I was contending in favour of ill-paid lat ,ur if against more highly remunerated work. In othert words, I object to see the unemployed or badly paid' workers punished for the (apparent) advantage of a class of workers better situated every way. Why should the hearth of the very poor be cold in order that the miner shall have the means of riotous living ? And why shall these very poor not have the chance of work refused by these miners ? Again, the very poor among us still further suff,ir from the eff: •ts of tf,js sel- fish strike by the loss of British trade ensuing up:a it as an inevitable consequence. It appears to me that when we get a little more "Federated "we shall require a re- vision of the Decalogue. " Thou shalt not steal"—except the bread from the mouths of ether workers ! " Thou shalt not kill "—except to further the interests of the Federation ! It is a pity that men, in straining their eyes upon the end to be obtained, should lose sight of iniquity of the rteans employed to secure it. And it will be a thousand th .ies if the workers of this country accept the dogmas of " fanatic" who advises them to do this! The ultimate result can only be to their own dis- advantage. To show this let us look at the latest utter- ance of this Labour Prophet—who,however, regrets that he is not yet sufficiently " cranked " to be a thoroughly acceptable one—not that he need despair. He is an the highway to full'qualification. Listen ! "For instance, he (that's me) says that every man has to sell his labour in the best market at the best possibie " There- fore," says the " fanatic,"" the members of the Miner Federation had the right to get the best possible I rxe fo their labour." Quite so; Oh ! most profitless of Pro- phets ! Have I not repeatedly said so? But I wish it to dawn upon that zealot's brain of yours that there ' is a wide difference between the refusal to work your ; self and the refusal to let others work in your stead. The 1 former you have a perfect right to do—the latter is both unlawful and immoral. Take an illustration of the working of this doctrine. I The navvies employed on the Mersey Tunnel got some- thing less than half, a colliers wages, they worked under great disadvantages a rod physical discomfort—wet through most of their time. Let us suppose this strike and that job to have been on at the same time. Woulri not these men have been quite justified in leaving their job and offering to get coal at an advance on their own wages? And would not the masters have been justified In accepting them? And would it not have been the plain duty of the country to have defended, these men from molestation for so doing ? As a matter of " Com- mon Justice," yes Any attempt to bolster up artificial labour prices have, as antagonists, the whole unemployed labour, of the world. What hope then of its maintenance in face of such odds ? Finally, I most heartily endorse Mr. Price's assertion; "Man requires something more than work in this old world ; time for self-culture—mental and physi- cal—also tor the society of his wife and children ; ' but Ile should net trample on the prostrate form of his bro- ther in order to attain these requisites.—Truly yours, JOHN PEERS,

===== 0002601_18931216_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
TILE WARDS, Sze., AT NEWTON.

Sir,—l was glad to see in your report of the Commis- sioners meeting that our old friend, Mr. Thompson, was in•the front in moving a resolution, viz., "That the resolution passed by the Board with regard to a formal opening of the Town Hall be rescinded," and it surely cannot, after this, be said that Mr. Thompson is a "silent" member. Yet one would have almost expected he would have stated the reason for change ofprocedure, and as the seconder was equally reticent I am obliged to fall back on my imaginative powers in the manner as follows. Is it because the whole town, including the Commissioners, are sick of the Town Hall business?"' The answer is " Yes." Yet the ratepayer's money is still being poured out on the flail ; the report says £3OO is the cheque passed at the meeting last week. Again, I ask if the present Board had their time to 'begin again would they repeat what they have done? The answer is "No." The folly is so gigantic that even such a bQdy as the Newton Commissioners see it at last, but they are in the hole, and think it better to have m flourish of trumpets at the opening as at first intended. SiMr. Thompson is put up to move the reswlution, beieg the most likely member nvt•to put his foot into it by a speech. I am longing to have an official statement as to what

===== 0002601_18931216_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND

ATHLETICS.

RUGBY _FOOTBALL.

Our local fifteen a-r-e-Paistiia-iiii;el;.way with singular expedition up the statistical ladder of the Lancashire Cup Competition. Indeed,certain experts who witnessed their performance against Swinton on Saturday, have delivered themselves of the opinion that the Wirepullers have a fine chance of carrying away the handsome goblet. It has been said of the results of the competition matches on Saturday that Fortune smiled with singular sweet- ness on several clubs,and bestowed her favours in unex- pected directions. "But, she is a fickle jade, and as inconsistent as the moon." Very, very, probably. At any rate, in the case of Swinton she tonk little heed of human expectations and flouted all amticipations witts a dainty twist of her shapely hand. These,of course,were the anticipations of the Swintonians.

However, there is no doubt that in this match some- thing else besides luck bad a hand in the results. Merit was the great umpire. And although the game was a draw, it has been generally admitted that Warrington had by far the best of the play, despite the fact that for the greater portion of the time they were a man short, and he above all men, one of the indomitable Bates— Jack. There was a very considerable muster of War- ' ringtonians on the field, and they made their presence I very evident at times when Warrington were experienc- I ing hard lines. The great feature of the game was the half back play of the Warrington couple, and their ex- positions were very excellent. But what a crushing criticism did one of our contemporaries pass upon them! Said the writer:—" These young gentlemen have all reputations of the most resplendent character, and what any one of them does not know about unscrupulous piracy and freebooting nractices the others cannot add to his knowledge. They were engaged on Saturday in exhibitiag their accomplishments to the satisfaction of themselves and to the depreciation of the game." R ither hard ; but still, it is somewhat sweetened, for, resumes the critic :—" I can, however,compliinent the Warring- ton halves on their exposition. They were smarter than their opponents, and,in all the subtle movements which have come to be recognised as the acme of halt back play they were eminently distinguished. Smack Bate was at his best, and got possession of the ball fre- quently."

Heesom was in fine form at back, fielding the leather in a grand style, though his kicking was a little faulty probably because he requires a little more weight. All the forwards were in remarkably fine form. At three quarter plav,however there was no particularindividual brilliancy shown. It would be well by the way for Carey to pay more attention in future to the demand of his fellow three quarters. Be was very negligent in re- cognizing Massey's speed, when it might have been of much service.

The results of the competition up to Saturday are thus :

PM. Won. Lost. Drn. OT. G.T. Pte. • For. Agit. Oldham 9 . 7 . 1 . 1 . 13 13... 3 4 -.15 Swinton 8 . 5 . II . 3 8 12... 1 2 -.13 Wigan 8 . 5.. 1 . 2 4 7 ... 1 2 ...12 Warrington Tyldesley Salford 13roughton Rangers 8 ... 3 ... 4 ... 1 ... 6 2 ... 6 7 ... 7 Roch4a.e Hornet e Barrow Broughton 8 . 0.. 8 . 0 . vl. 4...19 18 ... 0 -. -

Mem. from the " Athletic News :" " H. Webster, the lengthy Warrington three-quarter and hurdle racer, now resides in Dublin, but when playing for the Bective Rangers on Saturday last does not appear to have done anything out of the common." Oh ! Mr. Webster, this- will never do.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
ANTECEDENTS.

This week our sketch is one of the oldest players in the Warrington Football Club, and yet one of the youngest. This may seem paradoxical, but it will be explained when it is stated that " Bill " Nevins is only 26 years of age, and yet he has played with the first team for eight years. he being a playing member of the first team when only 18 years of age. It is about twelve years since, when Nevins commenced his football career. His first train- ing ground- was the now defunct St. Elphin's Rugby f xitball club, whose field was at Howley. Nevins played with this club for three seasons, when he became a member of. the Warrington " A "team. After a sea- son's play, he was drafted in the first team, and with the exception of one season when he was " under a cloud " he has played with the team ever since.

Nevins has played in all positions in the team which has made him a very valuable member, in-as-much as he can place himself in any post in case of emergency. For instance, in the match last Saturday, which, by-the-bye, was Nevins' first turn out since his injury, he was placed in the three-quarters, during Jack Bate's sh rt cessation of play through injury. Latterly, howev r, his place has been almost oxclusively in the forwards, and he plays with characteristic energy and dash.

Of his play outside Warrington, Nevins has figured in two trial matches this season, and as a result he was chosen to play for Lancashire against Cheshire on November 4th. Unfortunately during the progress of the match, he was hurt, and this incapacitated him from playing until last Saturday, when he journeyed with the first team to Swinton, to play off their engage- ment in the Lancashire League competition. Now that he has got back to work, or rather play, it may be ex- pected that he will be one of the fifteen chosen to re[.te- sent the county. Football is the only athletic exercise Nevins indulges in, for he states that his spare time is too limited for other exercise.

===== 0002601_18931216_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REV. W. H. STABLES ON

PROFESSIONALIS M.

At the meeting of the Leeds and District Rugby Union on Thursday night last week, at the conclusion of the ordinary business Mr. C. Griff n moved, and Mr. Haigh seconded, a vote of thanks to the Rev. W. H. Stables for his services as chairman of the union for several years, and of regrets that they were about to lose his services.—Mr. Stables, in reply, said he was very sorry to leave them, but in accepting a curacy at Runcorn Parish Church he was doing that which he thought was fqr the greatest good. He trusted that the Union would prosper and continue to do its utmost to raise the game to a high moral level. The next two years would be very important years for Yorkshire football. In that time the great question of professionalism or no profes- sionalism in Rugby football would probably be definitely fought out, and therefore it behoved all wh9 were opposed to the introduction of the recognized profes- sional to be wide awake. He did not think that proft s- sionalism in Rugby football would ever become general in Yorkshire, although it was possible in the case of the richer clubs' bnt even here it would entail many disad- vantages. As for the great majority of Yorkshire clubs, professionalism was quite out of the question. They were altogether too poor, and, if wages were to be paid, they could not for one minute hope to compete with those of larger incomes. Their only way to maintain a reputation would be to preserve their amateur character and to compete in amateur cup-ties and competitions. The County Committee, as a corporate body, would doubtless hold on its way, and, if the worst came to the worst, we should but have professional and amateur Rugby football side by side. But he hoped and trusted that the evil day of professionalism in Rugby football would never coine.—" The Yorkshire Post."

===== 0002601_18931216_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPOSED SUPERANNUATION OF THE WORKHOUSE DOCTOR.

After the ordinary business had been transacted, at the Warrington Board of Guardians, on Wednes- day, the Board resolved itself into a Committee, to discuss the question of superannuating Dr. Spinks, the Workhouse Medical officer. It was we are given to understand, proposed by Mr. Heaton that Dr. Spinks be superannuated, and allowed two thiids of his present salary, which is £2OO alyear, This proposition having been seconded, Mr. A. J. Jolley proposed an amend- ment that the superannuation allowance should be £lOO a year. This was als3 seconded. After a considerable amount of discussion the matter was voted upon. There were nine votes recorded for the original mAion and five for the amendment. Upon being asked for his views Dr. Spinks said that he was willing to accept a superanauation of two thirds of his salary, but preferred to retain his appointment rather than accept the £lOO per annum. The question will be discussed at the Board meeting at the next fortnightly meeting.

===== 0002601_18931216_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPORTANT NOTICE. During the CHRISTMAS NALB EUSTANCE'S FAMOUS 50s. WATCH can be had for 451. A WONDERFUL WATCH.-50S. A thoroughly reliable ALL HAND MADE SILVER E %G- -USH PATENT LEVER WATCH. capped. jewelled, and fitted, with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL MARKED CASES, welt finished, and aped- ;HY adapted to fit flat in the pocket. " FOR FIFTY SHILL- 'Ens." This watch is tirn..d to a minute, and will STAND ANy AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES compwrtrioNl A bona fide Written Guarantee for 15 years given with each watch. Thi. watch can b. had in all sizes fitted with crystal or lunette glase. at same price. To be obtained only from E. and A. EUSTANCE, watahmakere. THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK. 43. Sankey-et., Warrington. N.B.—Sent poet-free to all parts of the United Kingdom on receipt of P. 0.0.

GRATIS WITH THE EXAMINER. THIS DAY (SATURDAY), OUR ANNUAL SHEET ALMANAC Printed in two colours upon toned paper WILL BE PRESENTED TO EACH PURCHASER OF THE EXAMINER. THE SHEET WILL BE ADORNED WITH A STRIKING AND EFFECTIVE VIEW OF THE LATCHFORDVIADUCT ON TIM SHIP k.../ANAL AND WILL CONTAIN MANY NEW FEATURES EMBODYING A LARGE AMOUNT OF LOCAL AND GENERAL INFORMATION. NEWSAGENTS ARE REQUESTED TO ORDER EARLY.

----- -------- PUBLIC HALL, RUNCORN, A GRAND MISCELLANEOUS ENTERTAINUENT . Including a fanciful Operetta entitled " Lazyland," Will be given by the SCHOLARS of the GRIM N WAY ROAD BOARD SCHOOLS. thl MONDAY, DEcßmaint 18th. 1893, when MRS. TOMICIPV-ON It_ OF WILLINGTON HALL. TARPORLEY, and" kindly con.ented to distribute the Prizes for regular PunctuaLattenda. ce and for success in School work. ~.. AND WILL DELIVER A SHORT ADDRESS MISSION—Front Seats., la. 6d.; . nftir to be taken at 7 o'clock, by THOS. HANDLEY ESQ. 13:41 Second Seats. is. ; Sell° Beats. &I.—Tickets may be had of the Teachers and _ lam Proceeds in aid of the Scholars' Prize Fund. ----- ---"'";;-`

NATTCLIFFE CHURCH, BEWSEY-STREET, nen WARRINGTON. To. --AtROW (STJND itY) EVRNING,'DEC. 17, 1893. su SPECIAL SERMON 1)y the Rev. J. YONGE. 14140 r :—The •• hallelujah "Chorus, its Meaning, and its MeaBage•—Serviee at 6. 0. Usual offertory.

t OLD TREET WESLEYAN CHAPEL, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), DECEMBER 17th. Morning 10.30, Rev JOHN GUNNELL. Evening 6.30, Rev. JOHN KIRTLAN. Rev. PETER. MACKENZIE Ivill preach on Dr.c. 3ist, and on JAN. let, 1694, will deliver his Popular Lecture. "The Nameless Prophet of Judah, and his wonderful history."

I

W YCLIFFE HALL, BEWSET-STREET , WARRINGTON. ON WEDNESAY EVENING NEXT, DECEMBER. 20. RBV. J. YONGE, alit read SELECTIONS FROM DICKENS' CURISTMAS CAROL, Illustrated by Lime Light Views. To commence at 7.45. ADVISSION FREE. Coiltion for the Wyeliffe Cinistmas ST • PAUL'S CHURCH, WARRINGTON. ostxr.'s CANTATA. "RUTII," Will be rendered by the Choir to-morrow (SUNDAY) AFTBItNOO4, Doctember 17th, At 3 o'clock. Organist : Mr. M SCHNEIDER. Liverpool. Comiuctor : Mr. J. J. LYTEGOIL Offertory in aid of the Orgaa Fund.

Vl'iur-----EDDING RINGS.-PURE GUINEA GOLD Z, 22-CARAT WEDDING RINGS. Largest Stock and best Anlue in the town or district. Sold by weight from 75. 6d. to All sizes and shapes, including the Round and Ralf- -4 ."' 4 always in stock. Finger size cards post free. R• AND A. EUSTANCH, THE ILLIIMINA.TED CLOCK. 43. SANKRY-STRHET. WARRINGTON. N.B.—Private Room for fitting. RSTAI3LISHED. 1F64. --------

THE PASTEUR FILTER otn MASONIC ROOMS, WARRINGTON. TR'S EXHIBITION Will he OPEN to the Public on and atter MO'D AY NEXT, the 18th inst. between the hours of 10 and 6. vir,,ch ADMISSION BY TICKET ONLY. May be obtained on application to Mr. "BITFITILD CROFTS at the above address. PRACTICAL IMMUNITY FROM : YpHoID FEVER.PASTEUR GERM-PROOF FILTER. ONLY DLD MEDAL.—PARI.s 1889, MELBOURNE 1888, GOLD MEDALS. DIPLOMAS, Ac., WIIEREVER EXHIBITED. SIR HENRY ROSCOE, 31. P. F ES.. says.— ..„,9rdleary FILTERS are no go ,d at all. Tee only F liter that protects the water drinker from the germs is tie Past. sir Filter." OFRsJ ALFRED WANKLYN and Dr. H. SUTHERLAND the well-known water It is imi ossible for poisonous germs )B„l"euetr ,te the Pasteur Filter, and it cannot by mere air" uf time become contaminated and dangerous, citicarbon filters undoub edly do." The Filter re- no attention, and is c eaned as easily and tta a tumbler It is made in all sizes, and may 117 _ 8 attached direct to the water mains or pipes. 1,.5 TB. J. DEFRIES and SONS, London and Paris, Vlretained the services of Dr. Gilbert D. Suther- aph,"in, 9onnection with the above Exhibition, to who" whaical bacteriolrgical assistance to those rn„,a9 be int erested in this most important question I " RE PREvENTION OF DisEAsE."

EsTABIRSHED 1849. , THOMAS ALLEN AND SONS, PL 1 Re —UMBERS, PAINTERS, GLAZIERS, Sc.C. nt ilanjd A---,Rorm the Public of Warringtun, that they have liaßririnEy.CußßAiNtTC.ll ESTABLISHMENT. the premises In feaithe er._y stroatdeetriaeeqaadir{sdill.treeiraß t FOOT, with a stock of Paper in A ~,, gm. Pointe, Oils Lead, Glass, Gas and Water Fittings, w Estimates free. Special discount muost,ee and 64, BEWSEY-ROAD, and - -----____ 4.BTEEET, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON. ___-------

T ~ roliAs uowDE 1. v„ ESTATE AGENT, —.LL-ST.. MARKET PLACE. WA.RRINGTON. ta Rents collected in Town or Country. tent to Royal and Liverpool and London and Globe

TIIOMA.S -r4ve and Dim GOLLECTOR, House, Estate, and Generai commission Agerd, 140,39, 13.I.ADSTONS IDSRBST, WARRINGTON. otuit",7l"B AND ACCOUNTS regulxrly collected in town or vll IDEBTEI PURCHASED. Ref erences and Terms Communications promptly attended to.

GARLAND'S. Telephone 79. II 2i /.- , SPECIAL OFFER. EXTRAORDINARY VALUE. 21/_ 1 SHEFFIELD CUTLERY AND pLATE. One Pair of white handle Carvers. ...; One Table Steel to match, g Six Table Knives, -0 Six Dessert Kniv. a, ea z Two Table Spoons, Nickel silver. 2 Six Table Forks, Do. D 3. 7!.4. Six Dessert Sp( ons, Do. Do. s Six Dessert Forks, Do. Do. Six Tea Spoons, Do. Do. Is Six Egg Spoons, Do. Do. ... Two Salt Spoons. Do. Do. Z One Mustard Spoon, Do. Do. One Pair of Sugar Tongs, Do. Do. 1 One Sugar Spoon, Do. Do. One Handsome Bread Knife. 52 Articl,s of guaranteed quality and finish, neatly boxed, nost free to any address.—GARLAND, Ironmonger, Bridge- et.. Warrington. Our extensive Show Rooms are now open to the public for Intpection. SPECIAL DISCOUNT OF 10 PER CENT. for rash allowed upon Electro Plate Cutlery, Brass Suites, Coal Vases, /sc. Floor Lamps from 255., cort.plete.

P IJPTURES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. RT. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered; gonsulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 A 9. Grosvenor-street, Lon- don-road, Manchester. ___---_

. .. - MASSAGE TAUGHT in Manchester ; terms £1 is. fora course of six lessons.—Apply Miss GncENFIELD, Home for Hospital-trained Nurses and Paying Patients, Stamford-road. Bowdon. ___.---_--_

B°ROUGH OF WIDNES.—The Corporation are prepared to receive LOANS at 3} per cent. per annum for a term of years, or at 3 per cent. repayable at six nseni hs notice.—Applicattons to S. HOYLE, Borough Accountant, Town flail. Widnes. LI. S. OPPENHEIM. Town Clerk. _

MONEY LENT ON PHOTOGRAPHIC GOODS, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY & SILYBR PLATE. W. JACKSON, 71, OXFORD-ST. MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1860. WILL BUY OR EXCHANGE CURIOS, DIAMONDS, OLD GOLD. AND SILVER; HIGHEsT PRICES. W. JACKSON, PAWNBROKER. 71, OXFORD-ST., MANCHESTER.

DA NCI N G.—Claks for Beginners and Advanced Pupils daily (afternoon and evening); Priv te Lessons and Practice with lady assistants at any hour; complete system of instruction. Adults wit have never learned to dance thoroughly taught; age immaterial ; proficiency guaranteed ; professional lessons given ; Skirt Dances; Fancy Dances ; lolanthe ; the Barn Dance, and all latest novelties ; Schools and Famalles attended ; fees moderate. Procpectus containing full particulars on application. THE M•NCHEITER ACADEMY 01 DANCING, Thoruleigh, 68, Upper Brook-street. Manchester. Principals: Mr. and Mrs GEORGE ALEXANDER.

---- W ARRINGTON CORPORATION CONCENTRATED MANURE. Sixteenth Season. GENERAL AGENT :—MR. WM. HOUGHTON, . ` PADDINGTON, NEAR WARRINGTON.

WAR, INGTON CONCENTRATED MANURE. Agent ; Mr. JOSEPH TAYLOR. Lion Hotel. War- rington, who will attend the Warrington, Northwich °hea- ter, and Knutsford M4rkets. All orders promptly executed. Analysis and testimonials on application.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office :168, ISLINGTON-SQUARE, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5. Repayable 6s. Weekly, Entire Charge £1 28. 3d. £5O, „ 208. „ .. £3 9s. Od. £lOO. „ 40s. ' . £6 16s. Od. ALIiR. GORDON. Manager.

SUN INSURANCE OFFICE, (FIRE.) FOUNDED 1710 Snig lI,SURED IN 1892.-4391,800,0G0. Forali particulars apply to the following Agents WARRINGTON.— ..... Mr. Jr. R.Plekwiere Sen. Bridge-It. Mr. Edward W. Woods. Commercial Chambers. 55, Ilorsernarket-street. Mr. Lewis Volsey. King-street. Mr. R. Lowe. Market Gate Chambers.

A CCIDENTS WILL HAPPEN. THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO., (" The old-st and largest.") Has since 1849 pal for ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS £3,200,000. Established 1849. Rt. Hon. EVELYN ASHLEY, Chairman 64, Cornhill, London. W. D. MASSY' }Se A. VIAN, cretaries AGENTS Vitamin gton Mr. 0 J. HOLMES, Market Gate. Mr. W. H. RIGSBY, Central Station. St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street. Knutsford Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER. Sandbach Mr. It. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge.

WARRINGTON SAVINGS BANK. Certified underthe Act of 1863. ESTABLISHED 1818. THE Annual General MKETING of Trustees and Managers will be held at the BANK, on TUESDAY the 19th December, 1893, at eleven a.m. JOHN EDMUND DAVIES. Actuary. December 12th, 1893.

LONDON & NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY. GARS I ON DOCKS AND WIDNES DOCK. THE LONDON AND NORTH-WESTERN RAIL- WAY COMPANY, GIVE NOTICE that on BANK HOLIDAY, TUESDAY. DEr. 2Eth, the Garston old and New Docks, and the Widnes Dock, WILL 1314 CLOSED for traffic under the Holidays Extension Act 187.5. and the same will be observed as a bonds., in the dock cfllces. FRED. HARRISON, General Manager. Boston Station, London.

THE MANCHESTER SHIP CANAL COMPANT. (BRIDGEWATER CANALS UNDERTAKING.) RUNCORN DOCKS. I%OTOTitE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Company will SUSPEND WORK at these Docks on TUESDAY, MANX HOLIDAY) the 26th inst., and also on MONDAY. the 18t day of J‘inuary next Craft. however, will be permitted to pass throughthe Canal and Docks. as usual. W. H. COLLIER, Manager, Bridgewater Canal. Manchester, December 14th, 1893.

COUNTY OF CHESTER, TO WIT. IcOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS..of the Peace for the COUNTY OF CHESTER will be holden at-the CASTLE OF CIIESTER, in and for the said County, on MONDAY, the Ist day of January next, at Half-past Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Qrand Jury will be empan- nailed. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Broxton, Eddisbury, Nantwieh, and Wirral, forming the Chester District, and the trials of all prisoners com- mitted from such Hundreds, will take place at such Ses- sions. The Grand and Petty Jary for the Chester Dis- trict must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the opening of the Court on MONDAY, the Ist day of January ntxt, at Half-past Leven o'clock in the Fore- noon. THE Court will be Adjourned to the Court House, Nether Knutsford, on WEDNESDAY, the 3rd day of January next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Rucklow, Macclesfield, and Northwich, f )rming the Knutsford District, and the trials of all prisoners com- mitted Dom the last-mentioned Hundreds will take place at such Adjourned Sessions. The Grand and Petty Jury for the Knutsford District must be in attendance at the Court House, Knutsford, at the opening of the Court en WEDNESDAY, the 3rd day of January next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. BEGINALD POTTS, Clerk ot the Peace for the County of 'Chester. Chester, 11th December, 1893.

TIRE AUTUMN LEAVES ARE FALLING. The da. s are shorter and the nights are coldtr. and a good fire has quite a cosy look. Do you want some LINOLEUM to brighten your }rime? B. HEM BRY & CO. have the Largest Artistic Selection of exclusive designs in the province, in all qualities, at prices to snit everyone. C, sue and pick your patterns. We are glad to see you, and there is no charge for looking. Experienced workmen sent any distance., Telephone 537. 111 lIRMBRY & •LINOLEUM SPECIALISTS, 45 and 47.CR0 SS-STR EEL MANCHESTER.

CHRISTMAS SEASON, 1893-4. W• WOODS & SON, WATCHMAKERS. JEWELLERS. AND SILVERSMITHS. SANKEY-ST. AND CORPORATION-ST.. WARRINGTON. ANNUAL CHRISTMAS SALE COMMENCING WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 6Tn. AND DURING CHRISTMAS SEASON. SPECIAL DISCOUNT OF 2s. IN THE FOR CASH.

LANCASHIRE WATCHES yOll, LANCASHIRE MEN. W. WOODS AND SON, HAVE BEEN APPOINTED THE AGENTS IN WARRINGTON FOR TIM LANCASHIRE WATCH COMPANY, ?REBOOT. TO introduce these excellent WATCHES to the public of Wirrington. W. WOCDS and SON will allow a special discount of 2/- in the £ off all the LANCA.SI4IRE WATCH CO'S. WATCHES so that the splendidly filo ished English Le% er, in Solid Hall Marked Silver Cases, fully warranted for years. ugually sold for 50/- may be had during the Xmas Sale at 45/, GENT'S GOLD KEYLESS, £l3 13s. THREE-QUARTER PLATE SILVER KEYLESS WATCH. £4 10s. and £4 ss. SILVER REY WINDING WATCH, 63/-. 60/-, and 50/- MARVELLOUS! A SOLID SILVER ENGLISH LEVER WATCH Warranted for five years, only FORTY FIVE SHILLINGS. 14, SANKEY-ST.. AND CORPORATION-BT.. WARRINGTON.

CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEARS PRESENTS ,4 R. 1.../LAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES, PURSES, DRESSING CASES, AND BAGS, CIGAR END CIGARETTE CASES. BRUSH CASES COMPLETE AND MANY USEFUL ARTICLES SUITABLE POE CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEARS PRESENTS. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET IX. 8, PARKER-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

So ALLSOPP & SON'S MILD AND BITTER ALES And D'ARCY & SONS CELEBRATED DUBLIN STOUT In 9, 18, and 36 Gallon Casks; or Bettie,. AGE3T PETER LETGH, tIORSEMARRET STREET. WARRINGTON.

nutatban. UNIVICRSITY SCHOOL, SOUTHPORT. A most successful Boardlna School for Boys. T. ISHERWOOD, 8.A., Prim:lipid.

T ADIES' SCHOOL,MELCHET HOUSE, LYTHAM. LI —lnclusive terms. special for cl,rgv, references to parents. vacancy for articled pupil.—Prineipals, the Misses HALICET (Miss. S. Halket,L.L.A.)

OLAREMONT, MOUNT EPHRAIM - ROAD, sTRBATHAm, LONDON. PREPARATORY SCHOOL for the Sons of Gentremen, • (Established 1881.) Tutor a B.A. London. Principal—Miss JULIA GRIFFITHS. Prospectus on Application.

QT. GEORGE'S SCHOOL, (Catholic), Brampton, 0 Huntingdon, (I} hours from King's Cross). A thoroughly Professional or Commercial Education provided at a moderate pension.—Address The PRINCIPAL.

HOME SCHOOL for YOUNG LADIES. Every comfort. careful training, first-rate professors, accom- plishments, all examinations, good house. keilthy suburb, drilling, tennis.&c.--Misses LAMB. Grove Park, Lee, S. C. _ _

THE MARLING ENDOWED SCHOOL, STROUD -1_ Chairman of Governors : Sir W. H. Marling. Bart. School Fees. £ —£3 a Term ; Boarding Fees, only £3O per Annum. Boys admitted at any period at Proportionato Fees. For particulars apply.—W. J. UREErSTREET, M.A., Head- master.

LADIF,S' COLLEGE, FORMBY-BY-THE-SEA, Petween southoort and Liverpool, conducted by Mrs. and Miss, CHRISTOPHERS, Companion Boarder desired for little girl of twelve. Good education ; comfortable home and careful training. Inclusive moderate terms. Prospectus on applioation.

At the foot of the Malvern Rills. TUE GRAMMAR SCHOOL, HANLEY CASTLE, Chat man of Governoes. Sir Edmund A. U. LECHMERE. Bert. M.P. Head master, the Rev. ff. R. BROWNE, M.A. Most healthy situation. Excellent accom- modation. Fees moderate and inclusive.

PENK ETH SCHOOL. DAY SCHOLARS ADMITTED. PARENTS who dedre a select high-class day school for their children. are invited to call and inspect the school for themselves. THE NEXT TERM will commence J4n. 18th, 1894. PROSPRCTUS Qn Application. A. YOLLARD, Read Master.

MANCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL Fee £4 4s. per term. The next TERM begins TUESDAY, JANUARY 16TH, 1894. Entrance Examination MONDAY, JANUARY 15th, at 9 a.rn. Prospectuses. Forms of application, Ac., may be had at the Sohool. OWEN W. COX. Clerk and Receiver. N.D.—Boarding House open under the sanction of the Governors.

WIDNES ACADEMY OF MUSIC. PRIVATE LESSONS. SELECT DAY AND EVENING CLASSES. PIANO. ORGAN, HARMONIUM, VIOLIN, VOICE PRODUCTION, HARMONY, COUNTERPOINT, • COMPOSITION. THREE FREE SCHOLARSHIPS Tenable one year. Thirty-three certificates and prizes gained by students during the year 1891. Prospectus on Application to THE PRINCIPAL.

NVIIITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK. via Queenstown, eyery Wed. GERMANIC...Wed., Dec. 20 I BRITANNIC... Wed.. Dec.. 27 Second Cabin will be carried on the voVage mark- ed thus.. Steerage passage to New York, Boston, and Philadelphia, at low rates. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform In model and arrangements, and unsurpassed In the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room lunidships. Apply JOSEPH SMITE, 61, Legh-et., War- rington, or to Ismay, lama, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street. London. 8.C.. and 10, Water-street. Liverpool

"COMFORT EA"—lstbereaultof twenty- five years experience in the Tea Trade. "COMFORT TEA*-1. the best Tea in Eng- land at the price. "COMFORT TEA"—Is Re . gietered. "COMFORT TEA"—lelsor at the following 1/-, 1/4, 1/8, 2/- PER LB. AGENTS WANTED EVERYWHERE. SOLE PACKER AND BLENDER. H. E. HAWTHORNE, 29, WINWICK-ST., WARRINGTON.

EADE'S. GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS THE SAFEST AND MOST EFFECTUAL. TRoas who are enduring the agony of gent or the lesser kerture of rheumatism, will hail with a feeling of joy any remedy which promises to afford even the slightest relief. We gladly, therefore, give prominence to the GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILL Introduced to suffering humanity of Mr. Rade the well-known Chemist, and prepared from t. the formula of ono of the mint eminent physicans of the day. It is claimed that no alt...ratton of diet is required, nor is Con- finement be the house by any means necessary. It would appear, then,that a medicine so easily taken,and so efficacious, requires only to be widely known. to meet with that recogni- tion it deserves.—" Civil Service Gazette." Sold everywhere by Chemises, 44., in bottles Is. lid. and 24. 24.

FURS! FURS! Good and First-class FURS, Also the Latest Designs in SIIALSKIN JACKETS, and other GARMENTS. . Only the first skill is employed by THE NORTHERN FUR MANUFACTORY, OFFICE AND SHOWROOMS, 21, LEVER-STRERT, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER, (Opposite the Royal Infirmary). Alterations by the Best Skill. Sealskin Garments Re- fashioned, and other Furs, Repairs, Re-dying, Cleaning, le.

• RUSSELL'S WATCHES. SAME PRICES AS AT LIVERPOOL. DIRECT FROM MANUFACTURER TO WEARER. • A saving of 30 percent. if you want Fine-class Work. IF YOU WISH FOR RUBBISH DON'T GO THERE. The same applies to DIAMONDS. And especially to RINGS and Fine JEWELLERY. RUSSELL'S GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES, their own pure English manufacture, with all Russell's latest patented improvements, range in price from £3 to £235. They are handsome, strong, aud perfect time- keepers ; represent the largest stock and best value in England. there being no intermediate profit between the manufacturer and the wearer. Sent free everywhere at Russell's- risk an cost on receipt of draft or post order. ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET SENT FREE ON AP- PLICATION. P.S.—Beware of imitations, and people who profess to sell at less than the makers. Ho watch is genuine unless marl:in:l— R. RUSSELL, "18" CHURCH-ST., LIVERPOOL. WATCH AND JEWELLERY REPAIRS PROMPT and PERFECT. Estimates given and cost of carriage taken. RUSSELL'S T. R. RUSSELL, MexEs To TUB QUEEN, CATHEDRAL WORKS. 18, CHURCH-ST., • LIVERPOOL; HANKEY-ST.. WARRINGTON. AND 12. MOULT-ST., (CROSS-ST.), MANCHESTER.

HALL'S MY HATTER. NEW SHAPES, NEW STYLES, AT LOWEST PRICES FOR THE AUTUMN. HATS AND CAPS OF • EVERY DESCRIPTION Can be obtained at HALL'S NOTED HAT SHOP, I. MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON.

EXCEPTIONAL PURCHASE. WOOLLEN CLOTHS, SCOTCH AND IRISH TWEEDS AND FRIEZES, &e. HIGH-CLASS , 'GOODS. T_INSWORTH'S SUPERIOR TAILORING, f.„ OVERCOATINGS, SUITINGS, • TROUSERINGS, IMMENSE VARIETY BEST STYLES LOWEST PRICES. Come early and secure the Pick of the Market. [TN SW ORTITS 24, 26, 47, & 49, HIGH-STREET, RUNCORN.

CITY OF LONDON TEA COMPANY, Sell the most Fragrant and 'Refreshing Tea. PRICES AND BAMPLBS POST FRBE. ONLY ADDRESS : BBSR.LANB, LONDON. B.C. '

GRATEFUL EPPS'S COMFORTING, BREAKFAST, SUPPER. C 0 C 0 A BOILING WATER OR MILE

HIGH CLASS TAILORING AT POPULAR PRICES. BOYDELL BROS. ARE NOW SHOWINCI ALL THE LATEST NOVELTIES FOR AUTUMN AND WINTER WEAR. THE SELECTION OF COATINGS INCLUDE THE NEW SOFT FINISHED BLACK WORSTEDS (non shiny) VICUNAS, CHEVIOTS, LLAMAS, HOPSACK% .1,74 D MGRS. A SPLENDID RANGE OF FASHIONABLE OVERCOATINGS In similar Makes and Heavier Texture. Also IRISH FRIEZES and revtny other makes able for ULSTERS. EVENING DRESS A SPECIALITY. 371 BRIDGE STREET, WAX ItINGTON.

FOR BON-BONS, COSAQUES, GOOD SWEETS. CONFECTIONERY, AND OTHER XMAS NOVELTIES, GO TO BIRCHALL'S, THE BEE HIVE,. 128, BRIDGE-STREET. WARRINGTON.

BY ROYAL APPOINTMENT TO HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN. Se J. WARING 4&,- SONS' LIMITED. COMPLETE HOUSE FURNISHERS. DECORATORS, SANITARY ENGINEERS. ELECTRICAL ENGINEERS, KING-ST., AND DEANSGATE. MANCHESTER. 42, 44. 48, BOLD-NT., LIVERPOOL, 181, OXFORD-ST., LONDON. CHRISTMAS PRESENTS UNIQUE and INEFUL—WARING and BONS wouldpoint out the great suitability of the A,tioies in their EMBROIDERY and ANTIQUE DEPARTMENT for CHRISTMAS TRW/MTS. As no two pieces being alike they constitute ADMIRABLE and UNIQUE SPECI- MENS for PRESENTS at this Festive Season. CHRISTMAS PRESENTS USEFUL—WARING and SONS have on view ayariety of QUAINT OCCASIONAL CHAIRS, OCCASIONAL TABLES, WRITING TABLES, REVOLVING BOOK STANDS, SCREENS, LAMPS, Le., forming most useful presents. --- Se J. WARING dc SONS' LIMITED. COMPLETE HOUSE FURNISH /1K DECORATORS, SANITARY ENGINEERS, ELECTRICAL ENGINEERS, KING-ST., AND DEANSGATE, MANCHESTER. 42, 44 46, BOLD-ST., LIVERPOOL. 181, OXFuItD-ST, LONDON,

• FURNITURE. FINAL CLEARANCE OP CUTTER'S STOCK. 17 AND 19, BOLD-STREET.

• 17 AND 19, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. CARRIAGE PAID TO ALL PARTS OF THE COUNTRY.

FARMERS' STORES. WARRINGTON. BUTCHERS' SHOP. Country-fed Beef, Mutton, Pork, Veal, Lamb, ,tc, of the Best Quality, at the Lowest Prices. • Deliveries in the Country. FRUIT SHOP. Fresh Supplies of Flowers, Fruit and Vegetables Daily. Wreaths, Bouquets. sc., made up on short notice. Alt Orders receive Prompt Attention.

THE WONDERFUL ELECTRIC PLASTER. GENERATES ELECTRICITY, STRENGTHENS THE NERYEIL IMP ,RTS NEW LIFE FORCE. GivEe SUPPORt AND PROTECTION TO WE•K PARTS. BEST OUTWARD APLICATION FOR RELIEVING PAIN. • Sold by Chernietsite , at is. lid and 2e. 9.1. or Poet Free from ELECTRO-MAGNETIC MEDICAL PLL,TER CO., LTD., 101. PICCADILLY. MANCHESTER.

XMAS PRESENTS! XMAS PRESENTS!! EUSTANCE'S ANNUAL CHRISTMAS SALE COMMENCING FRIDAY, DECEMBER 1?T. BONA FIDE DISCOUNT OF 2F IN THE asie E. AND A. EUSTANCE (late RDWARD RUSTANCE.) PRACTICAL WATCH AND CLOCKMAKERS, GOLDSMITHS. SILVERSMITHS AND JEWELLERS. THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK. • 43. SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED 1864. AND A. E U STAN CE have much pleasure in announcing their ANNUAL XMAS SALE during which the whole of their valu- able and extensive Stock of GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES, CLOCKS. JEWELLERY, SOLID SILVER & BEST ELECTRO PLATE will be subject to a BONA FIDE / DISCOUNT OF 2/ IN THE E SALE COMMENCING FRIDAY, DECEMBER Ist. They would respectfully call attention to this exceptional opportunity for obtaining 111011-CLASS NOVELTIES especially suitable for XHAS PRESENTS and NEW YEAR'S GIFTS at an unprecedentedly low rate FROM 10 to 20 PERCENT. LESS THAN CAN BE OBTAINED ELSEWHERE—their goods being aways marked In plain figures at strictly competitive prices from wkich there is now a bons fide. DISCOUNT OF :Li I IN THE £ N.B.—INSPECTION RESPECTFULLY INVITED WHETHER A PURCHASE IS MADE OR NOT. PLEASE NOTE THE ADDRESS THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43. SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED 1864.

NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC OF WARRINCTON AND SURROUNDING DISTRICTS. JOHN M. PORTER, FISH, GAME AND POULTRY SALESMAN, 22, HORSEMARKET-ST. AND CORPORATION-ST.. BEGS to inform the PUBLIC that owing to the , extreme mildness of the weather, and the perishable nature of his GOODS he will not this year make the USUAL OUT-DOOR SHOW, but he has arranged bra ' DAILY CONSIGNMENT OF GEESE, TURKEYS, PH EASANTS, VENISON, &c. DURING THE WHOLE OF NEXT WEEK, THUS GUARANTEEING TO HIS NUMEROUS CUSTOMERS A FRESH SUPPLY OF TIER CHOICEST STOCK IN SEASON. A:LARGE SUPPLY OF GEFSE AND TURKEYS WILL ARRIVE ON FRIDAY NEXT. A SPLENDID STOCK OF HARES AND PHEASANTS WILL BE SPECIALLY SHOT ON TUESDAY NEXT. DUCKS, FOWL, GAME, Tint FINEST STOCK IN TOWN. JOHN M. PORTER, fISU AND GAME SALESMAN, 22, HORSEMARKET-ST., AND CORPORATION-ST., WARRINGTON.

CHRISTMAS l_ _ _893 • GEORGE HENRY LEE & CO., BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL. ARE NOW HOLDING THEIR ANNUAL OHOW OF FANCY AND USEFUL ARTICLES FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS AND NEW YEAR GIFTS. EMBRACING WORCESTER VASES. FIGURES, and TABLE LAMPS, WHITE FIGURE CHINA for DINIING TABI E DECORATION, a large ,ollection of ART. ISTIC GERMAN CHINA, from the most eminent makers. CHINA MI EWES and Candelabra IVORY and TORTOISESHELL GOODS, UNTARNISH- ABLE WHITE METAL GOODS in Great Varle'Y, CARRIAGE and BOUDOIR CLOCKS, ttTANDARD LAMPS. Iron and Copper from 21/.. TABLE Ki'TTLES. on STANDS. -BRUSH SETS from 13/6 GONGS, INKSTANDS, An.. SILVER GOODS In Great Variety. Perfume Bottles, from 1/10i. ELEC- TRO PLATS WARE In Great Variety. CIGAR and MEDICINE CABINETS, SHAVING MIRRORS, LEATHER GOODS In Great Varlet. RUSeIiA, MOROCCO. CROCODILE, sEAL, LIZARD. PRESENTS SUITABLE FOR GENTLEMEN. PHOTOGRAPH SCREENS and FRAMES, InOreat Variety. STATIONARY DEPARTMENT. CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S CARDS, Exclu ively Gat year's desiams. CHILDREN'S TOY AND PICTURE BOOKS In Great Variety.—BOOKS FOR BOYS and GIRLS in Great Variety. GEORGE HENRY LEE & CO. BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ELECTRIC BELLS FITTED AND MAINTAINED TOWN OR COUNTRY. EXPIRY OF TELEPHONE PATENTS. Telephones fitted in Mills. Workshops, be., at very low prices. ESTIMATES GIVEN. W• MORTON. ELECTRICIAN. 127, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

002411 CHEER UP FOR CHRI ST MAS SCOUREE METAL POLISII SAVES TIME AND MONEY. From all Chandlers, Grooers, ice , or ,ftholesale from 12 & 14, JOHNSON-STREET, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

AGENTS WANTED, for sale of Rubber Stamps, Types, Stencils. Seal embossing. Machines, ac.. liberal terms to pushing salesmen.—Uppington's Factory, Wine Office Court. London.

BURTONWOOD SCHOOL BOARD. WANTED.—January.—ASSISTANT MISTRBSS (Ex. P. T.) for mixed Boys' School. to take Infants (50) and sewing (53). Salary £45 per aunum. Candi ,ates invited and attending Board, allowed reasonable expenses. Apply Immediately to WILLIAM WZBBTR, Solicitor, St. Helens.

AIITOM MOO "PRETTY BABY " t A " BUMPER " 18.3 d. Parcel of Xmas Cards ii 30 sheets of Newest Scraps given in 111 The Scraps alone are worth the money, and the Xmas Cards are worth much more still. "A happy thought has struck Us." that we should liki to make the I readers of the "Warrington Examiner" a Special Bumper Parcel. ao we will do it. Simply write your name and address plainly on a piece of paper, and the words t• Warrington Examiner" Special Bumper Parcel of I ards and Scraps," and post it with Postal Order is, 3d. or 16 :stamps, and you Will receive a parcel per return post paid On approval. No clearance rubbish, but genuine goods. Enough to send to friends and to decorate mantle-pieces. Ac., and make the home bright for Xmas. "If you like the parcel keep it, if you don't like it. return 1, ant we will send your money bock in full" This is a clear proof of good faith, and of our trade motto—" A Big Trade, Not a Big Pr,fit." Every parcel contains 18 choice Xmas Cards which are value from Id. to 4d. each, and sell for that in the retail way. Cards suitable to send to all adults, and also good comic ones for the" Little folks," all good and suitable design, ; in fact we have carefully studied them to suit every body. Fairy Lights," which show rich ruby red lights when cards are held in frent of a light; good-shaped cards, smoking cap, goose, all labelled for a Xmas present ; ham and cbicaen sausage, scent bottle, pretty tinted double-fold- ing cards. cheretes, sea and ships, floral cards, with all the flowers of the season. Last, but In no ways least of the cards is one of a "pretty baby "sitting up either in a perambulator or a bath, and when stood up on a table or mantel the pretty " little dear "nods her head o you, without any winding with a key. This is indeed a pretty nd wonderful mechani- cal work of art. and honestly worth 4d. alone. Coloured scrap pictures have always been the amusing pastime for dark evenings for making pretty scrap books, etc , so with every parcel we are " Giving Away" 30 sheets (every sheet differ- ent) of the newest and best coloured scrap pictures In all sizes the Majority being large cemtre and medium sizes in all the new favourite subjects : for example, Santa Claus, Father Xmas pretty birds and nests, kittens and puppies at play, pretty stands and baskets of flowers, arc.. something of every thing almost. A "special offer "given with each rare-1, no blanks, no deciding by lottery or competition whatever, but we guarantee this "special offer" to considerably benefit every receiver of a parcel. Should the demand be above the number we have of any particular card or present promised above, we guarantee to give two others of equal value instead. Write to-day, and Fee how you can benefit yourself and friends. Established 1889. Wholesale and Retail. (Late Wm. Thos. Pain )—Address Messrs. PAIN 13RoTUF.RS, "Art Traders," Hastings.

INDYSTRIAL ASSURANDIII AGENTS WANTED in all parts of Lancashire and Cheshir.l. Interest in book and speedy promotion to suitable _men. —Apply INsPEcrolt, Examiner Office, Warrington.

(ZOLE PROTECTED AGBNCIES given for the Falcon Pure Yeast. Bed on market. Once used ale, ys in demand. —Write for report and terms, FALCON YEAST C,MPAIST, Cradley,Cradley Heath,

rllO DEALERS, FARMERS AND OrHBES.—WANTBD 1. to buy Rabbits and Poultry in ' large or small quanti- tlas, send io Nest prices to J. GODEOV. Wholesale and Detail Fish and Poultry Dealer. and Commission Agent, 428. Regent-road, Salford, Manchester.

y EFT OFF CLOTHES bought, best price for parcels for- -1../ warded, if not approved, goods returned.—J.taurs Goa- MAN. New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326,328, and 346, Deansgate. Manchester.

QECOND-HAND DRESS SIMS. Theatrical,Rand ki Uniforms for Bale or hire.—JAMES GORMA.. New and Scecnd-hand Clothes Dealer, 326. 328, and 346, I,:ansgate, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suite perfectly new at a third cost price.

A LADY HAVING CASH at her dispos.l, 15 open to make :1 Temporary Cash Advances of 4..3 and upwards. in con- fidence, to respect...ble house/ olders, who wish to avoid the usual unpleasantness and routine of a loan office; no sureties are asked for, and habitual borrowers need not apply.— Apply personally, or by letter, Mrs. MonEwoon, 94, Wldnes- rJad, W.dnea.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANCED. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO upwards on BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now being lent annually. Pio prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, Accountant, 20. Kennedy-st., Manchester. ESTABLISHED 1870.

APPLY AND BE CONVINCED. AfR. PRICE, 27 Cheer ham Hill Road, Manchester, u is prepared to ADVANCE LOANS from £5 and up- wards to respectable Householders. Tradesmen. Farmers and others, without Bondsmen or Saretiea, at the following scale of interest : £5 LOAN TO BE REPAID £lO £l2lo 0 £ 5 £2O £3O £3llo 0 LARGE SUMS in same proportion. ALL ADVANCES are PAID IN PULL, Distance no object. Money advanced at Borrower's Own House. thus saving them the troy', le and expense of a journey. Farmers can have Cash on Terms that no other office can possibly offer. Letters immediately attended to.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. ypt. JOHN B. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCE:: FRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Workingmen, .nd all respectable Hcuseliolders, on thelr own security. NIONEY TO INCIINASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOI7SE. MONEY TO FAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public etunnzy: TrOnuAr ;11174.2=ItiteS n(to7tr"olfBtehWe Be7trahT B.taTtiAopni),lyW Ps 1111$ and in WARRINGTIII4 at my Reed( once, 134, Orford-lane, any Bvening from et 7. Applicatim Is from RTJNCORN an,. District generally receive precisely the same attention.

MONEY, MONEY, MONEY. LOANS £5 TO .oUv. May be had on day of application. If it is Inconvenient to call. all letters will have our prompt attention. If you want to Start in Business. If you want to Furnish your House. If you want to Pay your Debts. If you want to Increase your Stock. If you want to Pay your Rent. Repayments to suit Borrowers. Strictest privacy guaranteed. No Bills of Sale. No Sureties. No Fines. No Loan Office routine.—Apply to R. N. EBBEIt, 8, DURNING ROAD, oft Wavertree Road, EDGEIIILL, LIVERPOOL Near LONDON & NORTH-WRSTRRN RAILWAY STATION.

• INFLUENZA. INFLUENZA. INFLUENZA. AGRIPPIN A GRAND MEDICINE FREE FROII POISON. CURES INFLUENZA IN 24 HOURS. Also for Measles. any Rash, Children Teething or not Well after Vaccination, Headache. Toothache, Hoarse- ness, Coughs, difficulty of breathing, Erysipelas, or any painful redness of the skin. any Skin Disease. 'any one hot and feverish, Blood poisoning, Swellings, and purifies the BLOOD. SOLD BY:- 3. GANDY, Grocer, Church-street. JOSEPH BIBBY, Grocer, St. James's-street, Latchford. D. FLYNN. Grocer, Winwick Road. Cl. HILL, Grocer, Priestly-street.

GEORGE JACKSON. PAWNBROKEE, JEWELLER. AND SILVERSMITH. 69, An 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and ether CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS. BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS, and MUSICAL IN- -91 RU MEETS of every Deacription. Current Market Price tor old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OR INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

MAGNIFICENT seven stringed BANJO, inlaid Ebony Finger Payments taken. Board, Silver plated Rim. 31 Brackets best vellum. Ivory keys, nearly new. 90, Cost fitly Shillings. Only .../US. 6D.

COdT ten guineas English SILVER LEVER Chro,ogragh Cent-e Payments taken. Seconds STOP WATCH by "Wise " of Manchester. Equal to new. .03 19s. 9. Warranted for ten Tears. Only eS

GENT'S splendid set of DIAMOND STUDS, solid 15 carat GOLD. Payments taken. stamped, in case complete. Just 19 6 forfeited Cost three pounds ten. Only . S. D. IRST-CLASS. noble looking WALNUT CHEFFIONIEB, Payments taken. bevellei plates in back and doors. ' marble slab. Honestly worth eight £5 15s. 'guineas. See this bargain. Only

VBRY handsome solid WALNUT V OVRItMANTLB,IseveIIed plates Payments taken. w•rth three guinele. Size 41 by 38. 217 Only 4S. D.

F 0 R F E 'TED handsome solid MARBLE CLOCK In two co?- Payments taken. ours. also a grand pair of BROI.Z Li FIG CRP. S to match. Warrant,. l. • Cost six months ago four guineas. D 1 19s. 6D. Only do,

Q RNT'S solid 18 carat Gold, Diamond. and Sapphire RING Payments taken. large and valuable stooes. Coat twelve R,5 5 pounds. Sacrifice. S.

A REAL FORTUNE.—On account of family trouble. it Wholesale ca‘h builness, showing £7 net profit weekly. Sacrifice about £3OO. ADVERTISRK, 14, Danby's Walk, Wal- sall.

VYrONDERFUL HAIR RESTORER for grey and red hair, acts in a week ; price 2s 6.1. (free by post, secretly packed 36.) FRED. LEWIS. and Co., LTD., 6, yleet-street. Dublin. Hams this paper.

SALR.-14 FURST-10LO COTTAGRS in good repair, in centre of Warrington. Always wit let. —Apply to J. R. WILLIAMS, ch.rt+red accountant, Sankey-st., or to ARTHUR BROWNE. solicitor, Warrington. IT THOMSON'S for CHRISTMAS CARDS. Crib . Cards post free Bd..inr2er size Is. The Catholic Game Way to Heaven "on stout boards. post free is. 9d. Bone Totuni 70. extra.—l 6. Priargate, Preston.

lIUNCORN.—TO BB BOLD, the premises ln Brldge-st., recently occupied by the William Desc.,n and Manches- ter and Salford Bank,. Llraited.--For further particulars Apply at the BANK. Victoria Buildings, Runcorn.

TOHN LOWB, Piro and Thief -proof SAFE MAKER. haa ON •J SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. —3B, Albert-street. King-street West. Manchester.

MIRACULOUS OINTMBNT and pain killer, cores rheumatism, weak chests, bad breasts, sores, inflarama- fleas. Speedy relief. allays pain, unequalled. Boxes Is. lid 2s. 9d —SA:crox, S. Cleremont-road, hirkdale, Soothport.

pVO:IARY hINGS for l•dies or gentlemen ; solid silver, with crucifix on top and Leads round; hundreds sold, price 24.34.esch.Send size of finger to Jonxsos,manulact wing Jeweller. Upper Pershoro•rd., Birmingham. Mention paper..

T. 43 DI SON PHONOGRAPH. COMPLETE ()UTFITSFOR SALE. I_l Records and Blanks (Wax Cylinders). and supplies at reasonable prices. Machines with splendid records, lent out to bazaars. At Homes, ac,—A. LOMAX, Caunce-st., Black- pool.

BILIAARDS I BAGATBLLS !—The cheapest house for B !Hard and Bagatelle Tables and Requisites Is BROS., LTD.. 29, High•st., Lendon, W.C. Bend for new Ptioe dst, cloth and cushion samples, post free. Rstabllsised 1E62.

1 0,000 SloTEltri SCCOPT from in d etzock Ontlludi - lanterns and eliclegs, new and e)reoornocln2 Ind. o tVionderfaullye cheap.—ParrrooßArElC Drat?, 71, Oxford-et. (All Solute'). Menchester.

- ATCHES.—SiIver Watch, strong cases. 6 jewels. fiat V • crystal glase,f plate movement., warranted for 5 years. only 255., lady's sine. 23e. 6d„ sent poet tree by JOSEPH PRITCHARD. watchmaker, 51, High-street, Runcorn. Estab- lished over half a century.

A NEW DEPARTURR.—THK A STISRPTIC BROOCH,. Li. A Handsome Ornament. 9ultable for CHRISTMAS PRIFtENT ; refreshing odours ; protection against colds. Influenza. fevers &c.. 2s 6d post free —Manamit PAYIISO2t. ID. Wansey-st., Wa!worth, London. b .E.

F°I'ND DAD.—Thousand s have been killed with. Sanford'e Poison. Hundreds of farmers that have used. It say it is tl e I eat poison known, as they find a lot of rats dead by using it. Poet tree is. 2d.. 2e.. 3e box, of SANFORD and Sox, Sanoy, Beds. Send *tamp and try it. Sold by themls:

I OGH LOOK t ! LOOK !—Greateet Bargain on, 1 Aarth.-10,600 Waterproof Hoods and Capes, purchased from the Government ;coat 7e. 6d. each. I wilt send a Hood and Cape for 24 stamps, post free; quite new, but put out of service.- From Hr. JOUN HASSON, Government Contractor, nye, Sussex.

BARTINE CURES HEART DISEASE. and all Diseases of the Nervous System. One bottle pr .ves It. Weak Heart and PalpitaTlOn Sufferers try this ; three bottles will effect a thorough cure. Of all chemists, or carriage free. 2s. 9d. each, of C. WOODCOCK, 199, Iligh-street, Lincoln, or at LEWIS'S. Market-street. Manchester.

YLB and HANNAY'S Patent Lucigen Light Plant, con- -I_4 sistingot two lamp 3, each with circular wrought-trout ulstern or 30 gallons capacity : circular wrought. iron re- ceiver or accumulator, 30-in, diameter by 48in. deep compressor awl steam engine combined. by Lyle.—Address W. H. KAY, 162, Blackburn-road, Haslingden.

DIAMOND WALL POCKETS. Buy direct from the maker at half the retail price, the cheapest, prettiest, and most useful article ever offered for making home attrac- tive. Size 14-5 3 pairs 2A., makes a h,mdaome birthday or wedding present ; six pairs 38. 9d., each pair different ; securely pecked and carriage paid.— C. PARKY.R, Stoke- un.ler-Ham, Somerset.

OHII JONES and St/NS have had am the stocks in their CP building yard. Brunswick Dock, Liverpool, the follow- ing STRASIHRS, suitable,for the canal, coasting, and contin- ental trades, and Invite inspection : Screw isTEAMlitt, to carry 151 tons, Screw El I'liAlllllll, to carry 360 tons, Screw STEAMER, to carry 600 tons, of the highest class, and fitted witti the moat modern machin cry. Duplicates can be ready in from three to four months. Export orders for steamers and machinery and boilers /inn be shipped at trifling cost.

AT 111 OTTI NG II AM LACE CAPES. SPLENDID SILK LACE CAPES 2s. 6D. AND 38. 6D. EACH. Carriage paid ; superior quality 5s lid worth 15s. fit and quality guaranteed. Beautiful white skirts, full size- trimmed deep lace, 2s. 6d, ; trimmed with embroidery, 4s. 6d., good value. Carriage paid. WAi. Carrosr, Lace and Laze Cur.ain Manufacturer, Weekday Cross, Nottindusm.— Established 50 years.

WARDED FIRST •P It IZ E MEDAL, Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition, 1887, and Sydney Centenary Exhibition, 1888. —TO PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. Cheapest House in London for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings —all the newest elesigns.,. Two million feet always in Sw2k. V.neered aryl fancy wood mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every description, oleographs,&e. Further reduction In prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipping orders. Full particulars in pattern book and catalogue (85 pages 4to demy revised for 1891) for ad. stamps.—H. himmta., 17 and 18, Great St. Andrew-st., Illoornsbury, London. Telegraphic address "Rabbitry," London. Stock lists and prices of glass monthly. free.

THEARR I NGTON SL ATE COMPANY, LTD W (Late John Nunnerley and Co., Ltd.). BUILDEIts' MERCHANT. ARPLY STATION, WA,RRINOTON, PENRRYN, Awn CARNARVON SLATES. CEMENT, LIME, DRAIN PIPES, FIRE BRICKS, TILES. and every other kind of Ponders' Materials kept in stock at our Arpley Wharf, or sent by road. rail, or vessel to any Town or Port in the United Kingdom. SOLE AGENTS for the RUGBY PORTLAND CEMENT CO. Telephone No. 19. Telegraphic Address 7 " Arplev." V"gton

ViONTINUATION OF REDUCTIONS' OF THE RESIDUE OF STOCK, AND AT PRICES THAT MUST COMMAND AN ENTIRE CLEARANCE AT THE TEMPLE OF ARTS FURNITURE ESTAB- LISHMENT, 164 AND 166, "MIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON. SIDEBOARDS. A few Splendid Sideboards from 4 feet to • 7 feet at a reduction of 15 to 25 per cent, from the plainly marked usual prices. BEDROOM SUITES. Bedroom Suites from £5 to £BO, amongst hich are some very handsome Suites• in al- most every kind of Wood and decorated, at a reduction of 10 to 25 per cent, from the plainly marked usual prices. BEDSTEADS. Iron. Iron and Brass, and all Brass Bed- steads, at greatly reduced prices. CARPETS AND HEARTHRUGS, Ao. Carpets, Hearthrugs. Floor Cloths, Lino- leum, Mattings. and Mats of every descrip- tion, and at very low prices. Beds and Mattresses of every kind made, and Bedding of all sort. A 1 quality, and at priceethat cannot fail to give satisfaction. CONTINUATION OF REDUCTIONS AT THE TEMPLE OF ARTS, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON, It W. MARSII. ESTABLISHED. 1864.

13AGS and SACKS, 30,000 in stock, suitable for bran, potatoes, coal, or patent manures., very cheap.—S. WORTHINGTON, 42 &Ind 44. Arches, Viaduct-street, Ardwick. Manchester.

710-EW AND NAMARKADLit DTSCOVNRY for PREVEN- .I.I TION and Dilllll of INFLUR NIA. No person haole to Infloenza should be without it. Itecive poet free,six stamps. P. DONNELLY, 8, Williamson-place, Dundalk.

SALM EXTitAORDINAWY.—LACE CLIRTAINS.—We are clearing 2,760 pairs (slightly soiled). ZOOM price ss. 9d., now 38. 9d. Hemstitched (yerychoice) 101.111., now ss. lid, Carriage Paid .—CENIBer. LACE CO., Nottingham.

SHOPII, ac., FOR SALE, in Cross-lane, Rarlestown. Four Shops and Dwelling houses combined with good cellar, ; ale• good stabling, with loft, eoach-house, and yard walled round. Goosttlioroughfare. To be sold in lots to suit pur- chasers. to pay 71- to 8 per cent. interest, Part of the pur- chase money may remain on mortgage if required, at reasonable interest.—Apply to Tacos, Wiailasts, Cross-lane, Barlestown,

18 BMWS, Carriage Paid.—Greatest Bargain on earth. Real kllack Waterproof Hoods and Capes, made for the Army. but put out of service *. we are sacrificing Black Waterproof Hood and Cape for Is. 6d., carriage paid or d Black Waterproof Hoods and Capes Is., all carriage paid ; this big offer is for ten days only, just to clear out surplus stock, we cannot supply these articles at three times the amount when we have cleared this parcel.- Send at once, don't delay,' postal orderadirect to BISHOP'S SUPPLY STORIES, Maisistone. Kent.

rllO SKIPMAKIDIS AND OTHERS.—ON SALE, 100 1 Tons CANE, WILLOWS HAAELS. Ac.—G, M. JONES, it, Victoria Bridge, Manchreter. To FURNITURE REM-OVERS, GARDENERS, AND OTHERS,—MATS, MATS. from 3s. 6d. per dozen. G. M. JONES, 11, Victoria Bridge, Manchester. liURDLNS. WOOD lIURDLES.—S. M. JONFS, 11. Victoria Bridge, opposite the Old Church, late 40. Dransgate. V EAST, YEAST. YEAST.— Wholesale Dep6t ; all Brands; I established 1848.—G. M.. JAMES, 11, Victoria Bridge, Manchester. VB7 INES AND ETIRPI'E. Cheapest In Manchester, quality conaldered.—G.M. JONES, 11. Victoria Br d ge.

10arne05, florEitss, 'Cart, , nowS Srt CORE. SIIOULDERg CURED DI CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary book free. horses suffering from sore shoulders, sore backs, cracked heels, grease, or broken knees, cured in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with diluted Condy's Fluid, Prices, 8 oz.. Is.; 20 oz . 28.—Veterinary book free front CONDT'e FLurn Wcoucs,6l, Turnmill-street, London.

f_IOOPER AND SI Al MONS COACH BUILDERS, fl, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Priem Good Stook to select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best work Several Good Seoond-Hand Brougharas. Landaus, Victoria', Wagonettes. and Phietons. now for Sale or Hire.

DONKBY, handsome blaek female, three years, partly broken ; rioitm sound, and tree from vice; ebildren'S pet Later' each.—Mrs. Fa.s.3.c7a BLUNDELL, Crosby Hull, Blundellsands.

silo PAR:v. ENS.--Infoal clear legged LUERY MARE 16-1; A ri-ing 6 has been used to all kinds sof farm work, infoal thst Prize Winner '' North Star." Owner will warrant her sound and quirt in all gears, price £l3. or wou'd exchange for hay or clover.—Apply O. Fenny-street, Bury New-road, Iligher Broughton, Manchester. Id. Car frern Deansgate. .A FORTUNB FOR Is. Il.—Twelve genuine and reliable re ipes for is.. IL Arabian horse tamer's secret, subdue most vicious horse, and make him follow you like a pet dog. Wire corn cure, liquid mucilage. To make wax flowers, Certain cure for drunkenness. Cider without apples. Ten jockey tricks. Heir restorative and invizorator. Indelible ink for marking linen. Silver-plating fluid. Everlasting fence posts. French polish or dressing for leather..--Cnatmaa COLIivURNE. Findou. Sussex.

HoßsEs t HORSES!: NORSES lt! All colours, sizes, and prises.—To Tradesmen and others,—To _save money sod time and avoid the well-known risks of fairs and cue. tionls and getting is worthless and useless horse foryour busi- ness, Vtlar cannot possibly do better thin go to W. PARKEIR W00b,6 TO lei, AINSWORTII-STREBT COPPERAS-11UL, LivEßruoL, where you can have one on hire or trial, with a view to purchase, Hirers for tang or short periods liberally dealt with. Freels arrivals weekly of young and useful horses cobs, twit poni.s. suitable for all purposes. Horseeboi,g,l/21 or exchanged,—Note the address.

DR. J. COLLIS DROWNE'S CHLOR9DYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ORLI,' GENUI.NR. 01ILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful and valuable remedy aver dis- covered. CIiLORODYNE is the best remedy kw-tan for Coughs. Consumption, Bronehrlais, and Asatlima. 011LORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal dlseases.—Diptheria. Fewer, Croup, Ague. ('IILORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea, and is the only specific in C.Nolera and 1)f/sentry. 011LORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks VI of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Pal3itation, and Spasms. CLILOHODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- Oa. Rheumatism, Gout, Cts.ncer, Toothache, Meningitis, From Dr. B. 5. BOULTON & M Co., orticastle. We have made pretty exteusive use of Clidorodyne in our practice lately, and look upon it as an exoellent direct Sods- ti ye and Anti-spasmodic. Et seems to allay pain and Irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. IR Induces a feeling of comtcy4 and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy. and Pi seems to poasess this great advata- age over all other Sedatives ; that it leaves no. unpleasant alter effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a de...natch trom her Majesty'. Consal at Manilla, to the effect that Cholera had been raging fesattall), and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CalaiLO- DYNE."—See Lan.c.4 let December. 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMIT- ATIONS. CAUTION.—Vice Chancellor Sir W. PAGE Woon seated that Dr. J. CoLLIs BROWNE. was, undoubtedly, the trrentor of C HLORODY NE "and that aleatory of the. defendant FREE- MAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to sa3 , sad been sworn to.—See Times. I.3th 3.dy, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is lid., 2s. 9d., and Ss. 811. None is genuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S C LORODTNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm. Ing mediest testimony accompanies each Wale. SOLE 541.NUFACTUREE.9.—J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great Russell at., Bloomsbury. London.

Telephone : No. 55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. ()mon—Market Gate Chambers, AIICTI4N Roosta—No. Warrington,l rank Street f AGENT TO—Sun Fire and Life °Mee, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Assochtion Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boiler Insurance Company, Linaed. Established 1864.

DIAMONDS AND JEWELLERY.—TUESDAY NEXT, and THREE FOLLOWING DAYS. at the MART, 37, CORPORATION-STREET, MANCHE,TER, at Ii each day. MR, WILLIAM ELLIS will SELL by AUCTION _1 the Stock-in-Trade of a JEWELLER AND DIAMOND MERCHANT. On view on Monday next find mornings of Sale. Catalogues on application.

Zirptles, tassintittssi, ,Stt. THR OLD-ESTABLIiHRD BASSINETTR WARRHOUSR. Bewpre of spurious imitations. The best and cheapest Carriages in the town or district.. (No connection with any other thin of the same name.) ASIITON,74, Sankey-st., Warrington, man u- • facturer of Bath Chairs, Bassinettes. Rustic Carri- ages, Fre , of the best materials and workmanship, on the Vl‘ernises, under personal supervision. Well-finished Bassinettes from 255., warranted to run straight. Mail Carts, Tricycle Horses, Doll CArriages, Agent for Sewing Machines, Wringing and Washing Machines. WORKS :—BEAMO,,T-STREET.

BRAND & CO.'S BEEP BOUILLON. A MOST NUTRITIOUS AND INVIGORATING BEVERAGE. Made by the Simple Addition of Boiling Wet At a Cost within the reach of all.' 11. LITTLE STANHOPB-ST..MAYFAIR, THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING. DEPOT 8 & 10; HORSEMARKET-ST., WARRINGTON.. EMTENSIVE ALTERATION AND IMPROVEMENT OF PREMISES. 111 THE _ •C .D. are now displaying in their NEW AND MAGNIFICENT RANGES, a gmater variety than ever of THE LATEST PRODUCTION in MEN'S YOUTHS' aod BOYS' OVERCOATS. A. FEW LEADING LINES ARE MEN'S Donble-Breasted MONSTERS or GREATCOATS (Lined Wool). MEN'S Double-Breasted MONSTERS or G ItEATCOATS (tor Travelling) MEN'S Donble-BreasteL MUNsTERS or GREATCOATS-, (with or without 21/-7.0 50/ belts) 2 /-. TO eJ in Heavy Wool FRIEZIPTS, Cheviots., V .f/ and Serges to. MEN'S Chesterfield OVERCOATS, with Velvet Collars, (Long Lengths) MEN'S Cheaterfit Id OVERCOATS, with Velvet Collars (Short Lengths) FROM 18/6 qt. ya• In the Special Diagonal Serges. FROM W In Choice Hopsac barges.. In the New. Kyrie Serge., MARVELLOUS VALUE, MEN'S Chesterfield OVERCOATS, in Fine Blue Beavers with Silk Velvet, 21/- Collars MEN'S Chesterfield OVERCOATS in. all Wool Indigo Dyed Beavers. All Wool MOW Ileitons to, with Silk 26,, Velvett/011ars / eit/ MEN'S CAPE, Chesterfields (Extra pits /i • long Capes) 01 V) TO e..A.,/ MEN'S INVERNESS CAPES, (li • ". izra through "422/ ti.TO 60/- MEN'S.SCOTCH CLOAKS, (with or 4) //t. 41/ withbut sleeves) V T 01..) Its. Heavy Stylish Tweeds—Vdiue• Unecosaded. HE M.C.D. are showing a large and Choice Variety of Youths' ' and. Bore 1 / OVIIRCOATS FROM 'f TO YOUTH'S Double-Breasted MONSTERS (Lined, Wool) YOUTH'S Double-Breasted MONSTERS (The Fashionable Coats.) YOUTH'S-Double-Breasted MUNSTERS,..(with, or without belts.) Its Choice SELECTIONS of FRIEZES, CHSVLOTS, TWEEDS; ice., &c. YOUTH'S Chesterfield OVERCOATS, with Velvet Collars. In Special Twill andUiagonal Serves in the Newayrle and Hopsac Serges. In Fine Blue Beavers and all Wool Melton' }mon 10/6 THE 111[..C.D.. ,YOUTHiS CAPE, Chesterfields (Extra lung).. YOUTH'S INVERNESS, CAPES, (lined through). YOUTH'S SCOTCH CLOAKS, (with long Cape s) 'I in, FROM _11? 40/- 'BOWS- CAPE, Chesterfields, (Extra long). BOYS' INVERNESS CAPES, (lined through). BOYS' SCOTCH 'CLOAKS. (with long capes). In a ;Splendid assortment of Fashionable eia. Tweeds. dm. FROM, ti/1,)''2025/- , T;HE NI.C.DL have a °hake range of ;JUVENILE OVERCOATS, hands- enly trimmed with Astrachan or KT-Fla ,very fashionable FROM 111- THE M.O.D. Stock of' BOYS' Double- Brea,ted REEFER OVERCOATS centaita• new features for Juvenile wear. HOTS' D.E. REEFERS, in Blue Naps with gilt buttons RR 031 4/6 BOYS' D.B. REEFERS in Heavy Tweeds, (braided sailor collars) PROM 5/9 BOYS' D.B. REEFERS in Special. Senee and Kyrie!' FROM 6,_ SEE THE 1H1.C.1),' WINDOWS.

LOWPAT kjIIEAP COAL. BANK QUAY COAL DBPOI Fossuma: HAL'PON & CO., PRI"IN COAL BIRRCHAN2B, on FACTORY LANE COAL YARD, WARRINGTON. app11c.4.42 INTER PRICES. IMMEDIATE DELIVERY

ROC II EVS HERBAL BALBILOCATI ON. HOOFING COCCHI • The celebrated etMetteal ITOGPING COUGH cure withowl inbiernal medicine. , HoapING COUGH Of all Chemists price HOOFING CVIIGIL 44, per bottle. Sole Molemle *touts : W. BDWAT-014 a soN, BRONC Il ITIS. In. Queen Victoci.e, St, eet, Bandon. CROUP ROCHE'S HERan EMBROCATION,

COMMAS'S REAL RHEUMATIC' CURE Ps the only sate and traw,resnedy for Rheuraatia. Sciatic, and ;Gout. The 2eal /Mercado Cure is a liqrAd medleine to be taken interually. It speedily des- troys and drives lout. of the sys+era, the morbid and RE A L ;gouty matteis which exc.ites arid ; produces all tho, pains ankinflam- l which sue associated. in an, RII EMI ATI V; , ations attack a rhon- matism, whetheo• ' acute or ehrmie. Never known to. CURE. fail in Rheumatic fever.-24.Caruste- street, Preston, Dear Sir, my daughter was afflicted, tor two years with, then.rnatimand was attended by three doctors and given, apiu- ourabl,. The day before taking your medicine she ikaluxed for want of impolite and loss of sleep. After taking two bottles of your Real Rhellillats2 CILTI3, she was restored to health. Yours faithfully. Mrs. Itoskinson. Witness to this Cyr°, Rev Joteph D Sexton, ThoEngilsh Martyra,rreston, - Other testimonials sent free. The /deal Rheumalle Cure is i sold by all Chemists throughout the United Kingdom at iPa. 9d. per bottle, or post freo with full directiew,a, 33 stamps ' from the Proprietors : DOUGLAS AND CO., 2, GRIMSILAW-ST... BURNLEY.

gro bt let. LET.—IVAREHOUSH and YARD, Orford-st.—Apply ASHTON and WooDs, S deft ilorsemarket.street, Warrington, qv, I:RT.—COTTAGE, Hoyle-st., 3s. ed. per week.—Apply 1 ASHTON and WOODS, irs, liorsemarket-street, Warrington. -10111; IiNKETII. HOUSB,Avith garden ; also several cottages.— 1_ Apply Mr. ROBTERT LOWE, estate agent, Market Gate Chambers, Warrington.

lIOUSE TO LET, 134, Market-stre t, karlestown. 7s. 6d., per week. Containing two parlours. k.tchen, wash house and pantry, three bedrooms, bathroom, gas, hot and cold water through3ut.—Apply at 130, Alarket-street, Earles- town.

diffiZiral EngtrUinents. APITAL Two-rnenual ORGAN; new ; fine rich tone, splendid pitch pine case.—ALEx. Yorma & 5055. organ builders, Eldon-st.. Manchester.

ATUST BE SOLD AT ONCE. A very handsome _us COTTAGB PIANOFORIR, in beautifully figure 4 Italian walnut case, iron frame. trtchord. ch ck action, nil the latest improvements, brilliant tone and touch; by N. Bishop and Sons, London. New nine months since. Will take £2l, (twenty-one pounds), honostly worth 32 guineas. This la a bargain seldom met; with.—Apply W. LEITIIES, Cross-lane. Barlestown.

J • W. TEMPERLEY, MUSIC SELLER, 31, LOWLAND'S ROAD, RUNCORN. PIANOS, OIiGANS, V lOLINS, Szc. Tuning and Repairs. All kinds of Fittings in Stook. • Arrangements made for First-Class Orchestral Band and Pianists. PIANOS on HIRE and on 11111PePURCHASE.

GREAT SALE of fire salvage of over 200 PIANOS AND 0 i-:GANS. at 3'. PARRY'S 18, to 24, Downing- , at., Ardwiok, Manchester. Mrs. Parry having come tort speedy and, satisfactory settle- ment with the Yorkshire Fire Insurance Company has rdecided to make a quick clearance at half their cost. La Full toned Bell Organ walnut and gold once cost R2B 810 , Oblique German Piano, 17ory kel.s, and Toclaves Pianette by Derwentot Dondmi 7 octaves 'Rosewood cottage Plano, Nu`ter, 7 octaves 4 15 Iron frame cottage Plano, Itavenswomi, 7 octaves 5 0 Iron frame cottage Piano, overstrung,Stodart,7 octaves 6 0 Iron frame German, overstrong piano, 7 octaves 9 15 Iron frame semi-grand, by Kirkman, 7 oataves Iron frame concert Grand, by Collard, 7 octaves l4 0 The above lots are perfectly new inside with iron frame, full trichord, brass pin plate, and patent check action. The out- side ases are damaged by water.

SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. la. I.ld, and 2s. 9d. per box (by post. for 15 or 33 :damps). are a proved substitutefor calomel. rtr suited for either Ee X, and may be taken at any time. 'I hey clear the liver, stomach, heAd and kidneys ; free the skin GI, humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety, after excess in eating or &inking, and ere the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstivelon. No Blue Pill or Mer- curials, hence no fear .of coldt Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, Is. lid., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a knows-enre, however bad the case. SMITH'S INVALUABLE PILE POWDERS. AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent .3le4iciae Vesnlars.

T 110MA,S LEA, CONFECTIONER- AND WHOURSALE BREAD BAKER CHURCH-STREET, RUNCORN. I3egs to Inform ids numerous. patrons that he has just opened, as a Branch Establishment, the Shop, 38, RIG R-STREET, RUIWORN, with high class confectionery and fancy breads. Orders will receive prompt attention.

TOWLE'S k )iILORODMIE RENOWNED EOD COWGHS. TOWLE'S CHLOBODYNE INFLUENZA, BRONCHITIS, TOWLE'S' CHLORODYNE CONSUMPTION. TASTHMA, o wizs ‘,JI-ILORO DYNE SPASMS, WHOOPING co T mic OWLE'S . C 14LORODYNE INFLUENZA, &z. 24:DOSEtEi, for /30; It le IMPORTANT to INslsz on having TOWLE'S as 'other preparations and makes, are pushed for eake of °ears profit.

11- 1 P' T 0 N 'S FOR CHRISTMAS. & NEW YEAR • CAKES. a- TONS .UPONi =INS TO SELECT FROM. QUALIKI3-PERFECTION. Having 01:111114 the. largest Cake Bakeries in Great Erna's, thoroughlw eras' pped with the newest and most improved Machinery, and capable of turning out over 200 tons of Cakes and Shortbread p.r week, every process of the manufacture of wh!ch is carried on almost untouched, by the hand. I am in a position to supply the pubilalst about half the money charged else Wee] e, kjAK.ICS. CAKES. CAKES. DAINTY, DELICIOUS, RICH. / ONLY 1 / 2D. PER POITXD. These fin-pow curl Delicious Cakes Sultana., Currant, Royal Ginger, Seed, Genoa, Madeira, and •1 ig—are, without doubt, one of the greatest luxuries t you can have on theta, table, and at tile same time are about as cheap as Bread and Butter. They weigh • . from 1 lb. nun.n.rda. • SHORTBREAD-THE FTNNKST MADE Ornantee.to4 with all kinds of Family Deeigna and: Mottoes. Prom, 6D. TO 78. UD, EACH. Daiial,:ns Shortbread, not •jenamented, FROM SD. PER; BOX. Theaa Shortbread"Cakos are the best it is poscible• to make, and no matter whisk raciney is paid, baebner qualittn cannot be bought. BROKEN SRO3TBREAD, FINRST QVATIITY. A / AT `-± / 2D. AND 9b. PER BO*. DRIMUTFUL SHORTBREAD:FINGERS, DELICIOUS SPONGE CAE& FINGERS. . , ONLY slr. PER BOX. • ZARB DELICACIES FOE THE TEA. TAXII.E. L I!' 1' ON, THE LARGRSM' TWA, COFFEE., AND PROVISION DBALIZR IN THE,WORLD. LCCIAL. naICtiCHF-9 WARRINGTON: Ceravc of Bridge-at., awl Friar's Gate. ,MANCHESTER :2W Oldharn-,t., and Stnetterd-rd. (Ccsaier of Cambridge-st:t ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE: 175, Stamf:itat. OLDHAM : 47, Nkaraps.. BRANCHES unI,AGRNCIES thrftighout the Wa3zl4l.

WRJ.L'ONIE ALWAYS, KEELP IT HANDY, GY,ANTS AIoRiILLA °BERRY BRANDY, Have you erer tasted this.aelieious liquour. which is made from she famous Kent Morel'las ? QUERN'S QUALITY for general use. SPORTSMAN'S QUALITY for ,xeroiise in the open air. SOLD FIVE RYWHEMIL Ask for GRANT'S, nwaldon't be pnt oft with inferior snakes, THOS. GRAM AND SONS. MAIDSTONE.

GOLD MEDAL DIETETIC TEAS. SPECIALLY RECON(MENDED T() DYSPEPTICS, and a g-eat boon to any who have been denied the use of other teas by their Medical Advisers. HENRY MILLING & CO, LTD. MERCHANTS, WARRINGTON.

WEST BANE MISSION ROOl4, WIDNES. In connection with the pleasant evenings for the people, the Rev. W. Stanton Jones delivered a lecture on 13unyan's " Pilgrim's Progress" on Saturday evening, to a large Nedience. Anr • vars.],

-VVEITCIIURCII DAIRY SIIOW. THE FIRST PRIZE CHEESE Were put up to Auction, and were sold for TWO HUNDRED SIIILLINGS PER CWT. (The highest price on record.) A consignment from this celebrated DAIRY will be cut up and sold at 10D.. PER LB. FOR XMAS BY J. B. ISAAC. Cl Cl STREET, WARRINGTON.

GRATIS WITH THE EXAMINER. • THIS DAY (SATURDAY) OUR ANNUAL SHEET ALMANAC. Printed in two colours upon toned paper WILL BE PRESENTED TO EACH PURCHASEROF TIIH EXAMINER. The Sheet will be ADORNED WITH A STRIKING AND EFFECIIVIS VIEW OF THE LATCHFORD VIADUCT ON VIE SHIP CANAL AND WILL CONTAIN MANY NEW FEATURES EMBODYING A LARGE AMOUNT OF LOCAL AND °MICHEAL INFORMATION, NEWSLOHNTS ARE ItIsQUESTED TO ORDER EARLY.

/ "-- , '4lllk , . . ir,--' -4.-..", . • ---.---_------, ~,,-.--.0,....., •, i- -.<-,,, , , l Competitors to save as many "SUNLIGHT" Soap Wrappers as they can collect. Cut off Me top portion of each wrapper—that portion containing the heading "SUNLIGHT SOAP." These (called the " Coupons" ) are to be sent enclosed with a sheet of paper on which the Competitor has written his or her full name and address, and the number of coupons sent in, postage paid, to Messrs.. Lever Brothers, Limited, Port Son- light, near Birkenhead, marked on the Postal Wrapper (top left-hand corner), with the NUMBER of the DISTRICT Competitor lives in.

7 NOTTINGHAMSHIRE, DERBY- SHIRE, LINCOLNSHIRE, LEI- CESTERSHIRE, WARWICK- SHIRE, RUTLANDSHIRE, NOR- FOLK, SUFFOLK, CAMBRIDGE- SHIRE, HUNTINGDONSHIRE, NORTHAMPTONSHIRE, BED- FORDSHIRE, and OXFORDSHIRE.

RULES. I. The Competitions will close the last day of each month. Coupons received too late for one month's competition will be put into the next. 11. Competitors who obtain wrappers from unsold soap in dealer's stock will be dis- qualified. binployees of Messrs. Lever Brothers, Limited, and their families, are debarred from competing. 111. A printed list of Winners of Bicycles and Watches, and of Winning Numbers of Coupons for Books in Competitor's District will be forwarded, 21 days alter each competi- tion closes, to those competitors who send Half-penny Stamp for Postage, but in all cases where this Is done, "Stamp enclosed" should be written on the form. IV. Messrs. Lever Brothers, Limited, will award the prizes fairly to the best of their ability and Judgment, but it is understood that all who compete agree to accept the award of Messrs. Lever Brothers, Limited, as final. The Bicycles are the celebrated Helical (Spiral) Tube Premier Cycles (Highest award, World's Fair, Chicago, au), manufactured by the Premier Cycle Company, Limited. of Coventry and 14 Holborn Viaduct, London, fitted with Dunlop 1894 Pneumatic Tyres : Sals- bury's " Invincible "Lamp; Lamplugh's 405 Saddle; Harrison's Gong; Tool Valise, Pump, ttc,

.MA.N.H..0...0.:....D.

How Lost! How• Regained! INVALI7AELE REMARKS for Young and Middle-Aged Men. ziph pED/17/ON:1 11111", KNOW THYSELF. /2-'• Or SELF-PRESERVATION. A little 'work in brief on NERVOUS DEBILITY, EXHAUSTED VITALITY PREMATURE DECLINE. and all ACQUIRED DI SEASES, and WEAKNESSES OF UAW, their CAUSE and CURE. Remarks on the subject of inlsr to preserve the health Avhen in possession of it. end how to regain it when lost. The best means of restoiing brain fag, impaired memory, incapacity for study or bosinegs, general debility of the system. and all w asting cf the tissues. This little work WV' be found void. of Latin phrases and fancy words,rnd will be found M. f, precise, and void of unnecessary reading. Fifteen minutes spent in its perusal will teach the reader more than fee days' reading In any book written this subject. If you T hink IT CONCERNS ,t will y 11 yb oe e plain cave one ant SEALED for Five Penny Stamps. Address—Cl ri:Ln s LABORATORY. Bradford, ltorkshire. ADVICE FREE BY LETT ra ADVT. COPYRIGHT Mention Oils Paper.

, EM-SAM Op 1 ,11/1/4.5. ~ Q. , ~,,N, ;,,ct..----I•6o7)tri'jr9.:. , . .4-.0-,.,,0, , • gre. . ,4;,,, - '....-lik • ep,-.: ) ~,..s.-=-7, - -..•- '. ..-1 ,--•',/., it ies.f.)44: 0* i t --.• ", c:. . ','"V ' , ~ . iA .04,5' f :!,', ::i, . • ;,,,. • 41,' :Al), L ro .E ~:iii,4oo c:18.) y .;1 :, 11 • ic". , ' 5;.414, ' A ~,,. •,,,-', • ;t 6, •:...4 ,r; r .. -*0 •,..du \ 0 r : ;,•• 4 1...." , , A. 714;!. 1., ~. .. , ~. ~. ...„, ~,, ~ ~, ..r. , ~,. •.., , e x `" -^ For ASTHMA, BRONCHITIS, NICHT COUCH, INFLUENZA, HOARSENESS, AND ALL LUNG TROUBLES. SAFE AND RELIABLE. Established 70 Years. - See Trade Mark on Wrappers. Beware of Imitation& SOLD BY CHEMISTS EVERYWHERE. In Bottles. un. 2/3, 4,6, and 11/.

"FOR THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE." I_o4 . ,7!f WORIDZAD GRLATij;* LO 0 D PURIFIER b RESTORER • warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, !scurvy. Eczema, Skin and Blood Distases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. It Is the only red specific for Gout and Rheumatic Pains, font removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials . In bottles 28. 9d. and 11s, each, of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. , LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY, LINCOLN. BEWARE OF WO RTULESS IBITATIONS.

COUGHS! COLDS! INFLUENZA I ASTHMA RONCHITIS ONSUMPTION ST MA RONCHITIS ONSUMPTION STI-IMA RONCHITIS ONSUMPTION STHMA RONCHITIS ONSUMPTION STHMA RONCHITIS ' ONSUMPTION STHMA RONCHITIS ONSUMPTION CONGREVE'S . ReadNfr.Congreve'sßook BALSAMIC ELIXIR On CONSUMPTION AND In Bottles 1/14, 2/9, 4/6, OTHER CHEST DV:EASES it/-, and 22/. Post Free for 1/- from of all Chemists and Patent The Author, Medicine Vendors in the Coombe Lodge,Peckham, United Kingdom. London, SE.' CONGREVE'S ALSAM I T ONCE ONGREVE'S ALSAM fl T ONCE ONGREVE'S ALSAM T ONCE ONGREVE'S ALSAM T ONCE ONGREVE'S ALSAM T ONCE ONGREVE'S ALSAM T ONCE THE FINEST MEDICINE IN THE WORLD. ----------------.

"EXAMINER" STEAM PRINTING WORKS HEWS EY STIMET, WARRING TON.

H • " 11W10: S FILLS & INTmENT Are acknowledged by all to be The Best Medicines for Family Use. MANUFACTUEIED °NIX AT • 78, NEW OXFORD :STREET, LONDON. And Silcl by all .11erri,•lor ['tartars th, ?Wont the Trewld. Advice CrAtig, at the above adaiLii.i, da;ly, between the hours ef it and 4, or by letter.

\ • ‘. . utl-,.iti,:---,-- -1 y,r,..7.,v71, ti---.....,:„:,".,,11„,,,,„, „ „„„,.,,,,,..•tf?k,t.i. 11,11 1- •.-, 4 r ~,, ~.• , 4..- .. , s_90:10).40, 7 A.../.,tz‘,.•Z,„ ', If. 1 k!". a . • - Ivr.m# , 1.1. ^6:TAI i, -' ' - $ \- ` ---. . e '-'' ,4- -1.,%k • 17-1 N W't -s:• 7 , I n - '''''t .1 * .-4ss<'`‘, ','/ • ~.: -'. -14.-.,...:it. .t,il'l, • ..\ V .....i -.-__-- ---- - i ~ 0 ~ I. . • ' rOy, ut,,,niks.a. ~,tv--;,„ ~, , w e.*. 1 . 0 i k\•is ' • 1 ''b." tt,M3ROCkIiON ii, , .. . / ..‘° 1 ;.. I'' • 1 , './ ..a.I LS ,-..1,6 f" ...j ' ..'" :4.'sd ..,,i. ' ,"\':. ", -.'/A P":";-,•„,., rf' ~ . k. 5 i ' "'// ' • '.; ,-- ' • I .' tt„ „„.:=‘ .:1,. • . *" . '.. . •,...i3O,At'... *- ' LA . 'l/4 t"k . fl • ''''‘. ' -7 ,__ f. t:--- .. ;- %fAr li .7.; , ..- N. ~. .. ',-rk -11 -'. ...,.. _ t R 4.• . "NI- ; - • - v• ':- 1 .. • .I t / , ~...04- • - ..L...,?"....,....;.07. . ..., io WV • ... 6 "''''' .. ••kl. . .... e ~ •-•-• .---s' - r . t'- ..r,'".. • • „ . . 10 4. . ~. ... .• . ,1 _ ,__ _ _ ._........._.x.„._!.......... .......,. „.„1..,,,,,(i • . ..c . _ , •_, c..p..c,.t.0. .... - - AN'S UNIVERSAL EMBRUCA'IION, ls.lW.Bz, 2s. 9d.

Orr i e P— 11 '° SOOTHINGii POWDERS, FOR 'CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN JSE OVER FIFTY YEARS.

JOHN STEEDMAN, CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY." is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

n num • A 000 u rmluiv MEDICINE CHEST, wi" a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some nod cotnpound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious com- partments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Obsevver. CO C \ ra extql, FR FE FR OM MERC UR Y , AN US rtinUe • ( Ofi PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. - FOR BILE. LIVER AOIDITv, INDIGESTION, &c, IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

IRISH CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS POCKET Guaranteed all pure Sax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN COLLARS. Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars, 5/6 per dozen: made special to pattern. 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9, 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yards square, 2in each. NURSFAY DIAPER, all pure flax, 44d. per yard. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, I/II per yard SURPLICZ LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR,...SUMMER Arm EVENING WEAR. IRISHTWEED, aalnldrustryelleVoopl.l Unssuayrpiafssfoerd fordsitesre,nogrtoh,enDtuafability, Patterns Free by Return of Post. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. (77, R. HUTTON 41 CO., LARNE, BELFAST.

WOODS PATENT GALVANISED ROWATT'S LAMPS STEEL WIRE MATTRESSES , , ,1, 1. , , 1 , Pal ENTRD. With French and Persian Bedsteads complete. " MARVEL " ) , r 7,...; -7. ao to 100 Candle-Power, - "E O " No. 1035—French. To be seen carrying ,• ~ ONR TON. ; I ping li 40 to 100 CandleP-Power. We Challenge r.--, • . other Wire Mar trees II " SURPRISE," , . . L°B".atn,d,`,"t"„?;,"'„u- i 'l,- -t Y, 30 Caudle-rower. 1...., .. ~. glared of a Atittre.ta ~ that it should carry f ' ' . !' one ton P Certainly , . \ ' SPLIT-WICK ANUCAPNIC re 14.:407) ' li l' ' 15 to 25 c-p. (chi roneyless). 12 22 (chitnneyiess). T Atilffit WI f . complaint against , i, . ~;.; Mattresses has been t'''. IL- 4111114 ' '2±',..) nert°l.ampaCaPre. the mod Ecosom• , _L they stretched after a time, 1,...-_--Aio=.„, i i kal, Beet, a Esdeat Dtaeased. which was true. We give this ', - - ri!l;lCar.l. =l.llll$llW INSIST ON HAVING severe 'to prove that ours will not stretch. 11 they - - .-----''''''''l. l.°l -- - A ROWATT'S LAMP. years we will replace with new ones. A New Patent Safety Auto - To be had from matte Extinguisher -11uplex -,STON, Sale 7.00 me. Legit Street. -'l4 Co .Lirtrlted.WAßHlNO lON. IWO, All ' I;OELON ' PATENT ROWATT'S LAMP RS shollo HURRICANE LANTERN iniur,.. ,n,......v of dang,r from lire should the lamp hy With pats,d Willdgllara Hoop. any mama get upset. as di- ly the Lamp is St an angle M Perfect Out.Dmir L r amp ulnae. tt'icet Automatic Itxtingui.lier • Do not use any other. ;rte. and out goes the light. Bowan of Imitation, Retail from lronmongers..te. ti

LATHERS FREELY IN THE HARDEST WATER WATSON MATCH LESS CLEANSER FOR ALL Is THE BEST SOAP PURPOSESt, LARGEST SA LE OF Jib. TABLETS IN THE WOELD. "THAErCn. READ rHr.Adiß,,Gtio,„ of TFITIEHIILEINGDHIDTPI7 B PICTURE. THIS (The famous" Matchless Cleanser " Show Card), will he sent, in good gilt frame, oarriagepaid. to any. reader who will forward, with full name and address, 150 Matchlens Cleanser Soap WRAPPERS!, waPPer in RED and BLACK only), addressed to Joseph Watson and Bow bitehall Soap Works Leeds Wrappers will not be accepted unless postageits tally prepaid.

TANNERS' LANE COAL WHARF,Isome part of God's Revelation which has been recorded WARRINGTON. no where else ? . Furthermore, do we possetgi,within the THE PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND covers of the Bible, everything which was written by IRON COMPANY, LIMITED, Matthew. Mark, Luke, John, Peter, James, aertJude ? If we do not, what of their other productions? What, INCH HALL COLLIERIES, NEAR WIGAN. tan, of Andrew, James the elder, Philip, Bartholomew, LThomas, and Simon Zelotes ? Did they write nothing? OCAL MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS. Again, in some parts of the Old Testament, the reader is All kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine Fuel referred to books that have been lost for ages. How does kept in stock. wagons pent to any Railway Station, House "Dissenter" purpose showing that those books were not orders promptly Attended to. inspired, or, that if inspired, they contained nothing of N.B.—Ord,r3 received also at 19a, Sankey-st. consequence which is not elsewhere recorded ? These are some of the difficulties he must effectually dispose of before he can take the first step towards demonstrating his thesis—viz., that no doctrine which is not set torth explicitly in Holy Writ is to be accepted as part of God's Revelation. Assuming that he does dispose of them, Ite must then prove that the Bible is the Word of God in its entirety—that is to say, he must show, not only that every truth recorded by inspiration has come down to us in writing, but that there is no revealed truth which has not so been recorded. Unless he can prove that every- thing which God hasmade known to the human race is contained in the Bible, he cannot logically assert that the Catholic Church, in this, that, or the other instance, proposes for our acceptance a doctrine which Grid has not revealed. So long as the doctrine in question does not contradict the Scriptures,he must at least allow that it may be part of Revelation. And even if undoubtedly it were not this, it would not follow of necessity that it is false, unless indeed it can be proved that the Al- mighty has revealed every truth concerning Himself and His Church and the world to come. But there is still another difficulty which our Dissent- ing friend must overcome before he can establish his position. Paving, as we will suppose made it clear that the entire Revelation given by God to man is con- tained in the Bible, he must enlighten us in regard to the interpretation of that most difficult of books. It is interpretated in various ways by various minds, but manifestly these conflicting interpretations cannot all express the meaning which lies at the bottom of the text. To press this matter well home, I will ask " Dissenter " whether he is certain that his own interpretation is the right one, and that, consequently, all who differ from him are in errer ? If he is, will he kindly explain how he arrived at this interesting state of mind? If he is not, then surely the interpretation which the Catholic Church puts on the Bible has, to sgy the least of it,quite as strong a claim to consideration as his own, and is no more certainly false than his is certainly true.— Obediently yours, AUG. J. HILTON. 31, Arthur•read, North Brixton, London, S.W., Dec. 12th, 1893. P.S.—lt is a sign of the times that a writer like "Dissen- ter," when speaking of Luther's connection with the Bible, can resist the temptation—a strong one, I have no doubt—to trot out the familiar threadbare fable that " the monk who shook the world "was the first to translate the Scriptures into German.

GREEN'S PATENT SAUSAGE CHOPPING & MINCING MACHINES and FILLERS (Silent and other Patterns). -- Snitable for BUTCHERS, MEAT EXPORTERS, CONFECTIONERS. HOTELS, BOARDING-HOUSES, PRIVATE FAMILIES, Lc. These Celebrated Machines are used very extansively through- oat England, Scotland. Ireland, and the Colonies. Illustrated Price Lists on application. -- THOMAS GREEN & SON (LIMITED), SMITHFIELD IRONWORKS, LEEDS and SURREY WORKS. BLACRFRIARS ROAD, LONDON, SE., or from any Shipping or Export House, Merchant, or Ironmonger in the United Kingdom.

BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED WATER GAUGES, BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED COCKS AND VALVES Are the Best Fittings in the Market. When orcl•ring new boilers, steam users should indent f, r and inegst upon having these instead of antlqoated and unre- liable patterns. A Sample Set of Gauges or a Cock will be supplied on a two months' trial. Illustrated Priced Catalogue post free from PUTZ. CURPHPY AND CO., THE ASBESTOS, INDIA RUBBER AND ENGINEER'S STORES, WAREHOUSE, 2, STRAND-ST., JAMES-ST., LIVERPOOL, Telephone, 1078. Telegrams ASBESTOS—Liverpool.

XMAS & NEW YEAR PRESENTS. Lily the Valley, Honey Suckle. Apple Blossom, Wood Violets, Cherry Blossom, White Lilac, Heliotrope,White Rose, Jockey Club. Laven- der Water, Ess Bouquet, Opoponax, These and many other choice perfumes may be obtained in all sizes from 6d. to 9s. at H. NI. ASHTON'S 63, SANKEY-STREET. (Opposite Legh-et.) WARRINGTON. N.B.—Every purchaser presented with an elegant Calender for 1894.

NOTICES TO CORRESPONDENTS. B.—We do not think it desirable to publish anything further with reference to that subject. W. H. Nonm—You will notice that the subject of the "Cardinal's Oath" is dealt with by Mr. Daiten.

_ MARKETS.. T WARRINGTON MARKET.—WEDNESDAT. DEC. 13171' V 1 FRUIT, VEGIETAHLE POULT'•Y, BUTCHERS'. A' - FISHMONGERS' TABLE. oil• _1 s. d. s. d. 8. d. Beef, Eng.,' ns 0 54t0 i 9 Melon, each ... 0 6 - l", 1 ,Ilee Lamb,„ O7-0 10 Oranges, each 0o ~.!, $ Mutton „' 05- o 94 Celery f stick 02 - l•„' 3 . Veal ~ ~0 6-0 9 Pears 0 2 - ..... v„ 18 Pork ~ ~0 6-0 9 Apricots each 0 0- v 1 Pork sides - v • , cured 0 6-0 el Cauliflowers ... 04- • 6 Wilde pigs„ ISC 9 6-9 d flucumher. each 04 0 1 9 ' Geese ~0 00 11 Cabbages each 02-9, II Pa Fow is ',couple 46- 0 0 Torrritoes frs 0 0 --',., p Or Chickens - 0 0, Filberts lb - v„ • %In Ducks „ Raoldts - 0 0 Turnips „ .. . .. 0 1- nv # I Hares. each Pigeons,, - 0 0 Potatoes ts load 3 o=e --. 0 ° , Part'idgebrace 4 0- 0 0 NOw potafoes „ 0 0 n 6 Grouse ~6 0-0 0 Milierams Vit.° 0— 6 Pheasant a - 5 0 Green Peas rn, 0 o— 0 Turkey 0 10 - 0 0 a 8 , , . Butter, fresh fl, 1 4-1 5 Green 'prouts th 0 3 -..• 3 Hen iiigs 6A710 -0 0 B arts, kidney vso 2-g • Duck , - 0 0 Pomeg:anates...o 1 - 6 , Apples It, -0 3 Walnuts „ o o Onions „ -0 2 Lemons „ ...... 0 1 • Grapes „ - 1 0 Che,ise fine 6B 0 - '''' 0 Pine Apple each 0 0- 5 0 . „ good so 0 65 Greengages IP Ito 0- 0 4 „ ordinary 48 0- , 0 0 erries „ ...... 00- 0 0 Lohster flb - v 0 ( Strav,berLies ~ ') 1-0 0 Turbot ~1 4 0 , 6 Damsons „ „ 0 2 - 0 0 S !mon ~0 0 Plums ~ ...... 0 0- 0 4 Whit ngs - v • Gooseberries „ 0 0- 0 0 Flukes „ Raspuerries „ 0 0- 0 0 Eels .. „ 1 0 Black Currants 00- 9 0 Soles „ „ - , 0 Red Currants 0 0-. 0 0 Bindings . 1 4 -;.: a Marrows each 0 0-0 . Codfish.. - ".,' la --- Beskale il, lt, 0 0- 0 0 Mae terel each 0 0 Rhubarb bch 0 5- 0 0 fl err' ,g r dozen 1 1 RUNCORN, SATURDLY.-Fresh butter Is 6d and Os °J,,•lfffr I lb.; fresh eggs, 8 for Is ; fowl, 3s Od to 6505 per couple; .."-Ot 'gs Od per couple ; geese Oa to Cd per lb. ; turi,eys s ' ; lOd per lb. ; beef, 84d per lb.; mutton, 8,1 to i port; Od to 80 per lb. ; lamb lid to Od per lb. ; ~,.,,al 0,1, tO 7.... CI per lb. ; potatoes, 55 Od to Os Od per load. Cheese 74-el per lb. WIDNES, SATURDAY.-Fresti butter, Is 41 and Os od Pg, Si lb. ; fresh egigs,lo for Is ; fowls, 3s Od to 0. per couple ; „de4„er .-Le Os Od to Os per couple ; geese, d per lb. ; beef 74.1 to ' lb. • mutton 4d to 6d per lb. ; pork, 9d to Od per lb. ~,•'''' -- 03 told per lb. ; lamb, Od per 1b.4 potatoes per load. 50 re._...,' TTH. . , -.---- ___ 0 1 EE TEET H. T E N T va PARKINSONS'S TEETH are, th -- rice, TEETH. ,8 per IDe'el at e 9 big 50 Sir UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The Pt' of TEETH. may rest assured Wit those statements to based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, and perhal" is TEETHbest guarantee of this to intending pietien",,,y . that J. H. PARKINSON has one of the Larg-of Dsntal Practices in England, the outoolvettie rrEETH. employing the BEST LABOUR, using 1. BEST MATERIALS obtainable, and eharg""" ) T EETH. the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. sod Any set made, or any work done by bli:e_;e je _l_ TEETH. not giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTIo, of Every Detail will he immediately correcterl,o TEETHan ENTIRE NEW SET made FRES . CHARGE W St These conditions Insure the public's sat"O 81 TEETH. Mon and recommeu,,adon, ...yernplified b 4 ,It sets having been inserted for patients dol'6o TEETH. one year only, directly and indirectly thr°o.;o the voluntary persuasion and recornmencit, , rrEETH. of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any or M w these patients' names and addresses, for gat rence, will be given to any would-be Pe,itit TEETH. personally applying for them. These, thousands intl., past, each recommending ''',.,'• - TEETH. friends, speak volumes tor Mr. Parkiaso- success. et, TEETH. Hi s unusually irxeize Dental Establishel.3l adapted for the COMFORT of Patients, Mti tO TEETH. NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCO2e 1$ FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily from 9 t'a and 2 to 6. TEETH. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTIiACTI°6' mes Jr,c., as hitherto, by the aid of his own me TEETH. LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which bents" le liquefies for sale to dentists nearly 10,00',"bili TEETH. lons weekly. Patients, have, therefore, 10' speciality also the benefit of his experience. le TE ETH. CLOSED ALL DAY ON FRIDAYS- -- Of T. H. PARKINSON, . TEETH. Dentist by Examination, „., 'el 46, MOSLEY-STREET, MANCIIIEST,'' , • WARRINGTON ON WEDNESDAYS, at Miss Cherie' rti Ladies' Outfitter, Sankey-st., from 2 to 5 P.m. Al I, RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes, flats Parson's), Confectioner, Bridge-at., from 2to 5. vsi NORTHWICII, on FRIDAYS, at Miss Gibson's. 2. Caser. s 'ram ts, 11 re c. ,A.l , .4 .•,' s 4 .",,Ordinary notices of Births, Marriages, and Deaths, sreords A sorted free of charge. Marriages or Deaths with the "No Cards," or any addition to the Registrar's ord-I°llli -I notice, are charged One Shilling and Sirpenee, If prepaid. Al' anueuncements on credit, Two Shilling; and Sizperra.,, a. such announcements Must be authenticated by the u."-- / and address of sender. MARRIAGE. WIIITNEY-CeOSS.-Decernber 9th, at the Parish Chu Warrington, )ay the Rev. A. A. Markham, harry Whane, to Sarah Jane CroA. i DEATHS. LITTLEwOon.-December Bth, at Chureh-street, Warrigell'' Martha Litticwood, aged 42 years. • RUCKLEY.-December Bth. at Liverpool-road, Warrillie i i Peter Buckley, aged 52 years. Elir° BRADY.-December Bth. at Jolley-street, Warrington. . Brady, aged 22 Nears. • HOPRINS.-December Bth. at Academy-street, Warrino2l g"- William Hopkins, aged 35 years. gar° i BATE. December 10th, at Orchard-st, Warrington, - Ann Bate, aged 2 years. : HOWARD.-December 10th. at King-at., Warrington, VW4ril Iloward, aged 48 years. DELOOZE.-At 83, Knutsford-rnad, Warrington, on the " - Inst., Elizabeth Delooze, f elict of the late Henry Delo.' aged 59 years. IN MEMORIAM. In ever loving memory of Ann C Are, wife of the latB Clare, Battersby-lane, Warrington who died 13th Deco'- 1890. Fondly remembered. -..

MEMORIAL CARDS, CIRCULARS, BILLIIEADS, MEMORANDUMS, 11001, • Hanaills, Window Bills, Poston, and printing of al„1 executed with neatness and despatch by &nor S. the Borough Press 34, Tsridge-street, Warzinvton. THE MANCHESTER AILORING & CLOTHING DEpot II .3c 10, HO SSEMARKET-ST., WARRINGTON, ARE SHOWING the LARGEST RANGES of all NE" .MAKES t,f CLOTHS for MOURNING VEAR iii WORSTEDS, SERGE, VIENNAS,LLAMA & HOPSAC' SUITS READY MADE OR TO MEASURE at short notice for MEN. YOUTHS and BOYS SIZES, Well made and thoroughly reliable. Warrington.—Printed and Publistrea by Jona WALKNR r at The Eranmtner General Printing Works. Rewsey-st ee'a and Published Rid° at The Examiner Offl-es, Victona WIDY R 9 ; High-street, RUNCORN ; 32, Gearge-51f0et Helens ; and 33, ',Market-street, EARLESTOWN.—X‘r 16, 1893.
