===== 0002601_18930415_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
tO )35'.11i 9 t° :(-)0 "

===== 0002601_18930415_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
:03 ItiP. . .

,scir

A!,800. :•`noti,

c%00.t;160: It,er ,cirf Avg' var. sit. oftga•pr

WO' n, ae 9 Anl 1110; 13,1.1

11,`I''t 60 tter'

t‘f. 49 leta4 wt,11.1

i 5 /011*

11 ,„0)7 [l5l •• ootA )rt oti ;oT4 °' et' -streoot ;',Vrity'r6t. tr3a' t

===== 0002601_18930415_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
A BOON TO LADIES. A BOON TO LADIES. A BOON TO LADIES. AN English Surgeon Specialist will forward (free of charge) full particulars of a remedy which, during an extensive practice in England and the Colonies, he has never known to fail in the MOST OBSTINATE CASE OF OBSTRUCTION AND IRREGULARITIES. Forward addressed envelope for full particulars, and waste no more time and money on useless pills and so-called remed- ies, &c., vad. h, in the majority of cases, are nothing but purgatives, and cause sickness, prostraticn, and pain, with- out having the desired result. Letters to be addressed to— THE SURGFON, GOTHIC HOUSE, 9 ER ICINE-ST., LIVERPOOL

===== 0002601_18930415_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
3)ottIl.

LONDON. 10, EUSTON SQUARE, N.W. OXFORD ROUSE. PRIVATE ROTEL, One minute from Huston, five from St. Prancras and Great Nor hem Railway Stations. CENTRAL to all PARTS of CITY. Every home comfort. Spacious newly-fitted diAng and drawing rooms. Sanitary certificate. EXCELLENT tables._ TERMS 3s. WEEKLY, and from

6a. PER DAY. Booking in advance. Highly receramended.

gitipping gotireg.

EMIGRATION. TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD. Intending emigrants to New York, Roston, phuadelphia, San Fransisco, Canada, China, Japan, Australia, or New Zealand, should take tickets (lowest rates) atthe "Examiner" Office, Warrington, by GUION. AMERICAN, AUSTRA- LIAN, ORIENTAL, and other lines. JOHN WALKER. AGENT, "EXAMINER" OFFICE BEWSEY-ST., WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

SILVER MEDAL, EDINBURGH. 1890 GOLD MEDAL, JAMAICA. 1891. GOLD MEDAL, DERBY, 1891. COLEMAN'S

WINCARNIS, OR LIEBIG'S EXTRACT OF MEAT AND MALT WINE. WINOARNIS Is the New Name Regis ered to Prevent Fraudulent Imitations. OVER TWO THOUSAND Unsolicited To stimonials have been received from Meoical Men. IMPORTANT UNSOLICITED TESTIMONIAL FROM Dr. MATTHEWS, Dereham-road, Norwich. Dereham•road, Norwich, June 13th. 1892. Gentlemen,—You have been kind enou h to send me several free orders for your Wincarnis," and it has given much relief to several who were in a dying state—they could take the" Wincarnis " when everything else was rejected. I am now begging the favour of asking you if you can do a wnk Of charity in giving a poor dying man some of your Wincarlds " It has kept him up some weeks. He is suffer- ing from an internal cancer. His mean, are all gone. Friends and his family have purchased two large bottles weekly— They cannot afford him more. He has had the most expen- siv, wines, but nothing suits him lik- the" Wincarnis." The case is urgent. 1h • gentleman has tilled an important posi- tion in this county,but his means are gone—Yours I aithfully. W. MATTHEWS.

Messrs. Coleman and Co., Limited.

WINCARNIS Is sold by all Druggists, Wine Merchants, and Patent e Vendors. Ask for COLEMAN'S " WINCARNIS," or LIEBIG'S EXTRACT OF MEAT AND MALT WINE. and see that the word WINCAIINIS is on the shoulder of the bottle. If there is any difficulty in getting the Wine, write direct to the Manufacturers, who will forward Sample Pint Bettie Free by Post on receipt of 33 stamps. „ Dec. Rail PI 30s. Sole Manufacturer, eIOLEMAN & CO., Limd, :st. George's and Bank V.,/ Plain, Norwich; and 3, New London-st., London, W.D. Sole Proprietors of .4 Ozm zon," the New Beef Tea, and also Coleman's Crown Imperial Invalid Stout, which Is strongly, recommended by the Medical Faculty.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
TROUSERS 13/- 16/6 AND

, See our Wind )ws this week at ROYAL EXCHANGE CORNER, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

HOME MADE MARMALADE.

A DELICACY IN EVERY HOUSEHOLD.

COLLINGO'S SEVILLE ORANGE MARMALADE.

SOLD DY ALL GROCHRS.-WORBS: BARLDSTOWN.

HOME MADE SAUSAGES.

mo L Y NEU X'S HOME-MADE HIGH CLASS

PORK SAUSAGES.

Made fro* Pork Slaughtered on own Premises.

ALSO MOLYNHUX.'B BEEF & PORK SAUSAGES.

These will be found to agree with those that find all Pork too rich.

Everyone ahonld try these EXCELLENT SAUSAGES (both kinds), to ascertain which are most suitable for them. --

===== 0002601_18930415_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
ALSO HOME-MADE

PORK PIES AND BRAWN

CHINA TEAS.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
Tea a la Sir Andrew Clarke.

- - For years, whenever my Customers have asked me for a Mild Tea, I have advised the Pure. old Fashioned China which / keep, and the advice has been appreciated It is very satisfactory to them that such an eminent authority as Sir Andrew Clarke, the London Physician, corroborates opinion. Here is an extract from an interesting lecture, delivered by Sir Andrew the other day, to the Students of the London Hospital : Tea is a blessed beverage. I donotknovr what I should do without it. But there is tea and tee, ansl one of the teas I " have in my mind is the representation of all that is physiologically wicked. Igo about town a good deal holding consulta- tions here and there, and about five o'clock, when I get into a place, the lady of the house will say to me • Sir And has ur, and she you look tired, do let me give you a cup of tea.' I say' thank you very much. But the tea stood for half-an-ho' em rks, I know you do you not like It strong, Sir Andrew,' and she then pours about a tablespoonful of the tea into a cup arndafills thecup up with water. Now I call it positivecruelty to give tea like that to anybody and I hope you, gentlemen, ace against it. Tea, to be useful, should be first of au Blank China Tea ; the Indian Tee which is will always set your f be cultivated has become so powertut in its effects upon the nery me system that a cup of it taken early in the morning, as many do, so disorders the nervous system that those who take It actually get into a state of tea intoxication, and It produces a form of nervous disturbance, which is most painful to witness. It you want to have, either for yourselves or for your patients, tea which will not injure and which will refresh, get Slack China Tea, putting in the right measure—the old fashioned teaspoonful for each person and one for the blessed pot. Then pour en briskly boiling water, and within five minutes you must pour It off again, or it will become wicked instead of good?' Such is Sir Andrew Clarke's opinion and advise. A few words Of warning, however, are necessary to those who have for- gotten what this old fashioned tea is like. The colour of the tea after it is brewed will he found tobe much paler than that now in use, and the taste may not be acceptable at first owing to its apparent insipidness ; but if its use is persisted in, it will very soon be found to be much more suitable for the er•fem. an I if, in a week to two after its use, a trial is again made of the kind now in ordinary use, you will wonder however you could have been using it,and you will endorse Sir Andrew's statement. This old fashioned China Tea, as recommended by Sir Andrew Clarke, can be obtained now, as always or the last 35 years, at

rp lIOAIAS MOLYNEUX HOUSEHOLD STORES, 37, 39,k41. MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
TIT-BITS.

TUE PROFESSOR STUMPED.

It was a Professor of Legerdemain of whom / speak. He was exhibiting at Conway, and he had a goodly audience. Those far country villages are the places for real enjoyment of such things. The honest, plodding people are not satiated with amuse- ment, and when, semi-occasionally, a good show comes along they turn out en mane, taking all hands with them. On the present occasion the professor was going to perform the wonderful trick of causing a piece of money to pass, by the simple effort of his will from a securely-locked box upon the table, or from a gentleman's hand, into the pocket of one of the boys in the audience. Of course he must call up a boy to help him; and he chanced to fix his eye upon a tow-headed urchin near the front, who promised, in appearance, to answer his purpose, He called, and the boy came up. "Now, my man," said the professor, in his grandiose way, at the same time laying his hand upon the boy's head, "I am going to cause that piece of money—you see it ?—it is a solid piece of metal,—to pass from that box, in which you shall see me put it, into yom pocket. You don't think I can do it, do you ?" "No, sir,—l don't !," answered the lad, with de- cided emphasis. "Well,—do you -stand up here, and we shall see." "But, sir," persisted the boy, " ther' stint no use 'r yer tryin', 'cause I know you can't do it. "You know I can't? Don't be too sure. Wait and see. Just you stand right here—there! Now hold up your head and look steadily at use, to see that I do not cheat you." "0, well !" muttered the persistent urchin, with a comical twist of the freckled face, "I'll stand anywhere you want, only, 'f 'u git any money inter my pocket, I reckon you'll hey ter find the pocket, for I aiut had sich a thing this two months. I tored 'em out a hookin' apples, and haint had none put in sence. I haint dared t' ask 'em ter do it, d' you see ?" The pocketless hero was applauded vociferously. It was rich and rare, and helped to make up for much that would have been lacking, of fun and interest, without it.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
AN HONEST COWARD.

On the Peninsula, during the "unpleasantness," while McClellan was with drawing from his ad- vanced post towards Richmond, on the Chicka- hominy, there was considerable heavy fighting and skirmishing going on continuously. At Savage's Station, on the morning of the 29th of June, an attack was made upon the extreme front—Gen. Sumner's corps. Very likely the man of whom we are to tell had just eaten a good hearty breakfast, and did not care to lose the benefit of it. At all events, while that morning a attack was in progress, and the brigadiers were hurrying up their regi- ments, the colonel of one of the regiments engaged found one of his men skulking under a safe cover, entirely out of the way of the enemy's missiles. The colonel ordered the an to "come out of that!" and in language which we need not tran- scribe; but the man refused flatly. "What ! " yelled the colonel, in sheer amaze- ment at the fellow's audacity.—His cowardice was bad enough, but this direct and emphatic refusal to obey was unbearable.—" Come out of that instantly, or I'll shoot you !" "Shoot away, Colonel. I sha'n't come!' "You skulking rascal ! what do you mean? Would you rather be shot skulking there like a coward than come out and fight like a man? By the life of me I'll fire, if you don't come !" "Fire away as quick as you please," returned the incorrigible. "I'd rather run the risk of the bullets in that old pea-shooter of yourn than stand right in the way of a thousand, or more, toinie balls! D'you see—l take the chances. Shoot away 1" In disgust the colonel turned away, not caring to have the poor fellow's blood on his hands, and, moreover, being needed at his post. He had taken but a few steps, however, when a heavy thud —a yell of fear, and then a crash and a roar—burst upon his ears, and On looking hack, he saw that a shell had fallen close by the skulking man's side, bursting as it struck the earth, and literally rend- ing the coward piecemeal ! A more terrible thing, even, than a minie ball had found him in his place of hiding.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
NERVE AND RUMOUR IN BATTLE,

A brave English sailor, at the battle of Tras ralgar, while serving at his gun on the main-deck, was struck by a shot, coming in at the port, which took off his leg below the knee. As he sank down upon a shot-box, and saw the section of limb clean gone, he muttered : "Ah ! it's only a shilling affair, that I—had it gone a few inches higher I'd a got my eighteen penoe for it" He alluded to the scale of pensions, as graded by the severity of the wound. Afterwards, while one of his mates was carry- ing him below, to the cockpit, he suddenly cried out: "Ho ! Jack! when you go bach, be sure and take a look at my leg, and save me the silver buckle on the shoe. I'll do as much for you, if the Lord spares me !" Here is a good reply from another brave Britian —This time a Captain. It was when Admiral Lord St. Vincent's fleet was bearing down upon the fleet of the enemy—the Spaniards—that the chaplain of a frigate ask the commander, who was all alive with excitement, and eager in the work: "Captain, have you reckoned the number of the enemy?' "so, no,—not yet," replied the brave chief. 4' We can do that more readily after they are ours I" Here is another of a different cast, but its humour is not to be denied: The French, at Wagram, were making the first onset of battle, when a sergeant of infantry, who was holding his company in line, upon the extreme right of his regiment, was set upon by a yelping, snarling cur, belonging to the colonel. The old soldier could not tamely bear this, and, with a movement like lightning, he charged bayonet upon the dog, and ran him through, probably to the heart. The colonel saw, and being near to the spot, be rode up. Look you, my man, why could you not have just as well made at my dog with the butt of your musket? " Parbien I I'd have done it, Colonel, if the brute had only made at me in the same way l"

===== 0002601_18930415_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
ANECDOTE OF JOHN WILKES

It will be understood that John Wilkes, just pre. 'ions to the breaking out of the American Revolu- tion, had, by his terrific onslaughts upon the king, and the kingly power, made himself an idol of the London masses, Mad he been left alone to pursue his rabid political course as he pleased, the people might not have taken him to their bosoms; but when the lords and nobles, and all the puffy nabobs came to persecute the man, then the masses loved him. In his paper, called "The North Briton," he attacked the king with such virulence,—accusing the monach of falsehood,— that he was apprehended, under an order from the Court of King's Bench, and imprisoned in the Tower. While there, it was told through the city that he would come out and accept a high and re- sponsible office at the hands of the citizens. Hear- ing this a number of the city officials, having the good of the community at heart, waited upon Wilkes in his place of duress, and zxpostulated pith him upon the subject. "Really,' ' said the chief spokesman of the depu- tation, " think if we should take the sense of the eity, throughout, we could convince you A your mirror."

"Pshaw I" cried Wilkes, "Di take the nonsenee id the city, and beat you, two to one !" And I think they believed him.

CADBURY'S COCOA lm .Arre.--ddrePublic AJIA lyStli have submitttd CLDcIR. Cocos to close tests and the result has aiways proved its great value as a suetain ng aad nourishing beverage. - -Advt.

"Tou.sccoutsTs commencing " Illd.guide (3d.) TOBACCONISTS OUTFITTINci CO.-186. Euston-rd., London. Bat. 1866.—A dv

===== 0002601_18930415_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
,e /41 &4?„,„. ",teC 'Z) /17;11: A WY' redhiffilS A2llidejle

GIVE EA9E & COMFORT DURING TEETHING. Pleasant, Cooling Aperient for Children of all Ages. Try them and prove their value for yourselves. Sold everywhere in paykets, Is. ILA. and 2s. 9d., or poet 14 or 34 stamps. J. PRITCHARD, CHEMIST,

HEADLB, MANCHESTBR (late Claorlton Road).

===== 0002601_18930415_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
CAPITAL" CHAT.

Mr. George is busily engaged on his treatise on political economy, and his son Henry George, jun., nas taken up his work in journalism. It was ru- moured that Mr. George, sen., was to be the Ameri- can Consul at Manchester, but he wrote to the papers saying that he would accept no office from the Government. "I want," he said; "nothing from the Cleveland Administration save the abolition of protection and its incidents, and I am good enough Democrat to want that badly."

Mr. S. M. Burroughs, an enthusiastic follower of Mr. Henry George, has arranged to publish every week a journal called the " Single Tax," printed in America, and intended to convey to English land reformers a record of the movement in America. The paper contains a great deal of information con- cerning the single tax campaign in the States, and shows that the movement is still making progress. A Single Tax International Congress will be held at the Chicago Exhibition in August next. 1 The death plainly announced in Tuesday's obitu- ary as "Charlotte, widow of John Collingwood Bruce," will bring to the recollection of the thou- sands of boys who have been educated at the once famons Percy-st., Academy, in Newcastle-on-Tyne, the cheery face of the ever-popular wife of the dis- tinguished Northumbrian schoolmaster, historian (Roman Wail, &c.), and antiquarian, who himself passed away only a few months ago, The old lady lived long enough to see her son, Sir Gainsford, a judge on the High Court Bench. It must have afforded her singular gratification to welcome him to his native city the other day, when he opeaed ' the assizes in the same court where he first won his laurels at the Bar over thirty years ago.

Germany has just lost a man of considerable note in relation to art in the death of Professor Lubke; whose works on the history of art have for many years been of world-wide repute, especially his " History of Architecture," his " History of the Plastic Arts„' and his two works on the Renais- sance of Art in Germany and in France. Lubke was born at Dortmund in 1826, and was consequently sixty-seven years of age. He was successively Pro- fessor of History in Relation to the Arts at Zurich, Stuttgart, and Carlsruhe, where he died. The last appointment dated from 1885. Professor Lubke was not only a man of great erudition but of singu- lar elevation and beauty of charactor.

Nikita has been allowing the impertinent inter- viewer to pry a little into her love affairs. She was caught at her hotel in Paris, superintending the packing of trunk upon trunk of new costumes for her Chicago engagement of a hundred nights. " Are they not beautiful 7" she said joyously, as she shook out one or two for inspection. "You see I want them to be very beautiful, for it is eight years since I left America, with long hair and short clothes. It will be such fun to go back grown up in French gowns. Oh, yes," she added," It's quite true that I'm engaged to a Persian prince. I like him, hut my mother and uncle do not favor the idea of my marrying a Persian, and so we wait. His name is Alirza Bizu Khan, and he is aide-de-camp to the Shah."

!! Many friends will be interested to hear of the marriage at Capetown last month ot Mr. J. Hubert Davies, of Johannesburg. to Miss C. Marie L. Jaski- Cant, of Haarlem, Ho! and. Mr. Davies, who is the eldest Ron of the late Rev. J. D. Davies, a Congrega- tional minister of Wareham. Dorsat, was for some years chief draughtSman to Woodhouse and Rawson, but four years ago went out to Johannes i burg,w here he has rapidly acquired a leading position n his profession, being now consulting electrical engineer to the Johannesburg Lighting Company and the Pretoria Lighting Company,besides enjoying a large practice with the mining companies of the Trans- vaal. He is in his thirty-fourth year. Mrs. Davies is the only daughter of the late Mr. R. Jaski-Carst, and niece of Captain A.G. Miirser Bruyns, .K.N.S.M., ! being thus connected with some of the best families in Holland.

Prebendary Whittington, who was preaching in .'t• Paul's Cathedral on Sunday morning, bears a name which seems of necessity to associate him with the sGund uf Bow Bells. In virtue of his emin- ent position ih the ecclesiastical world of London, he has a good deal to do with the fortunes of the city churches,on whose historic interests and archi- tectural beauties he is an authoritative and genial gossip. Amongst the livery companies with which he has been officially connected is the Merchant Taylors, in whose spacious half it recently fell to his lot to present its freedom to the Duke of York. lie is better known than any cleric of his day to the clerks aud apprentices of London, because of his long and enthusiastic exertions on behalf of the city of London College, whose principalship he has , held from the beginning.

: Dr. Symes Thompson, who is lecturing this week at the Gresham College on "The nose and the , mouth," is a thoroughly Cockney medico. With , his fresh, robust face and his stalwart frame, he does not look his fifty-five years; but for many Londoners it will be hard to realise that he has been responsible for the Chair of Physic in Basinghall- str.et. ever since he was thirty years old. He has , en hereditary right to speak upon all matters re- lating to the throat, for his father, the physician to the Brompton Ifo,pital, produced a work entitled the " Annals of influenza," which has been of im- mense service to medical science, and has provided a foundation for the historic study of an epidemic disease which has been again ravaging Europe for the last three years. Dr. Thompson is an old ! Pauline, obtained his professional training at King's ! College, has achieved the position at Brompton formerly held by his father, and as president of the Medical Society of London has attained one of the chief prizes open to the faculty.

Dr. Alexander 31acalister,F.R.S.,who was talking about Egyptian mummies at the Anthropological Institute on Tuesday evening, is, on the other hand a clever and typical Irishman. He has not yet at- tained his half century, but his reputation as an anatomist is so great that ten years ago he was eagerly snatched by Cambridge University from his native city of Dublin, where he had obtained his education, and at who-e university he held biologi- cal professorships for nearly 15 years. Ile still re- tains his membership of the Senatus of the Irish University, and is authority on current problems of scientific education. When at Dublin he wrote a couple of primers on animal morphology, which at once became recognised as text-books formally or informally in every medical school in the coun- try, end it was the impressive accuracy and lucidity ot these introductions to his subject which proved his mastery of it, and led a few years later to his Cambridge appointment.

Alphonse De Candolle, who has just died at Geneva, belonged to ft family which has occupied the same supremacy in the French botanical world during the century that has been occupied in this country by. the Hookers. Just as Sir William Hooker was succeeded at Kew-gardens by his son, Sir Joseph Hooker; so Augustin De Candolle was suc- ceeded in the Botanic Garden at Geneva by his son Alphonse. Further than this, the monumental his- tory of plants prepared by Sir Joseph under the designation "Genera Plantarum" ranks as a botani- cal classic, side by side with De Candolle's "Prodro- mus," each work having taken about thirty years to compile. The French professor also issued an introduction to botanical study which may be put side by side with Hooker's "Students' Flora." De Candolle received at various times all the honours usually bestowed upon foreign savants in this coun- try. He held honorary degrees from the universi- ties of Oxford and Cambridge, and received the Linnean gold medal four years ago. Nis work will in all probability be continued by his son Casimir, who is himself fifty-five years old, and for many veers has assisted his father in the preparation of his immense herbarium.

The Mr. Fitzgerald, whose letter to a Tory peer was quoted with such striking effect by Mr. Glad- stone in moving the second reading of the Home Rule Bill, turns out to be the Hon. James Edward- Fitzgerald, Auditor-General of New Zealand. Mr. Gladstone prefaced his reading of the letter by stating that he and Mr. Fitzgerald were friends 50 years ago, before the latter emigrated to New Zea- land. No doubt this is a reference to the days when Mr. Gladstone was a hard and indefatigable student at the British Museum, for Mr. Fitzgerald was an assistant in the National Library from 1844 to 1848, and held the post or under-secretary in the Museum from 1848 to 1850, when he resigned and accompanied the first batch of " Canterbury Pil- grims" (pioneer colonists sent out under the auspices of the Church of England) to New Zealand. Immediately after landing there he founded and edited the" Lyttleton Times ," became first super- intendent of the Province of Canterbury, was re- turned to the first New Zealand Parliament, and achieved a high reputation there as an orator and

===== 0002601_18930415_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. SATURDAY, APRIL 15, 1893. LADIES' LETTER

statesman. Although now 76 years of age, he con- tinues to hold the important office of Auditor- General of the colony. He graduated at Cambridge in 1842. His wife is a daughter of the late George Draper, of London.

Apropos of the Queen's autographs which are being offered for sale at Sotheby's, it is not gener- ally known that her Majesty has taken of late to use an automatic pencil of the form which drops into position on being pressed at the top, and falls back into its protecting tube on being reversed. The Queen is very conservative in her habits so far as official penmanship is concerned, many descrip- tions of State papers, which require her signature only, being signed with a quill. But for letters 1 which are written throughout with her own hand she will frequently use a steel pen. In every room ever used by her Majesty, an inkstand is always kept, there being one, in ivory and ebony, even in oak dining room at Windsor Castle, an apartment which one would imagine to be required for prandial purposes only. At any moment, however, on all sorts of unexpected occasions, a signature or a private note may have to be written, and prepara- tion is made for this contingency accordingly.

We get from time to time amusing specimens of spoken " Baboo English," but samples of the style in which the native Hindoo compositor sets up type are not so common. Here is one sent by a colonial manager now touring in India:— ESPLANADE HOTEL. BOMBAY, 26TH Dsc., '92.

Arrangements have been made by which Mr. Mac Manon will Exhibit in the Drawing EDISON'S LATEST PHONOGRAPH.

Room at 9 pm. The Startling Talking Machine. THE COWING ACHIEMENT OP MAN'S GEMS. NOTE :—This instrument is the Perpetual Wonder up to date having just been brought from Mr. Edi- son's famous Laboratary. It is the only one in the and with it are the voices of the

RIGHTS HoN. W. E. GLADSTONE, GENZRAL SHERIDAN, JOSEPH JEFFERSON, PRgSIDENT CLEVELAND AND FRED. LESLIE (JUS'I DECLASED.) "Oh for the touch of a varnished hand and the sound oi

Mr DEAR NELLIE,

Up to the present I have seen nothing specially i new n the fashion of capes. They continue getting shorter in the skirt, and are now not worn below the hips. They are being made, as before, chiefly in faced sloth, but almost any material is permis- sible, and as the weather gets warmer the very newest capes will be composed of black satin. This is a delightful material, and vastly becoming to young and old alike. It is quite vain for us to grumble at the monotony and long-continued popularity of these capes. Popular they are, and popular they will remain until we agree to curtail in some measure the enormous dimensions of our sleeves and revers. With such sleeves as are now being turned out by the leading dressmakers, the narrow-sleeved jacket of last year becomes an utter impossibility. But we must have jackets, if it's only for the sake of th it variety which is so charm- ing to ihe heart of every woman as regards her wardrobe. In some eases the coats are lined throughout with a bright-coloured silk to match the lining of the cape, but as often as not it is only the cape that Ls so adorned, and the inside lining is of a snore sombre hue, The coloured velvet capes of which we bear so much will never become common, partly on account of their costliness and delicacy. A very taking bonnet is one known by the name of "The Empire." It is made of fancy straw trimmed with velvet ribbon with an ostrich feather falling over the front. At the back of the feather is an upright loop of velvet and an aige-ette, and ribbon strings should be added to tie losely under the chin.

Several skirts are being made trimmed with flounces ; a very pretty one, eminently suitable for a young girl, was flounced to the waist with wilite satin, alternating with bands of lace insertion. Plain serge walking costumes are frequently adorned with little groups of flounces, three tiny frills being set round the feet, three more round the knees, and three again round the hips. It is, however, only a tall woman who can carry this off successfully, for it has rather 0 tendency to shorten, as indeed have all trimmed skirts, but on the whole I do not find those which extend round the hem alone possess that drawback; I have seen short women looking remarkably well In them. _ .

Avery pretty walking costume is one made of fancy cloth and trimmed with velvet and narrow ruche. The skirt is of the rather plain shape now so fashionable, and the lining and material are made up together. The lining of the bodice is tight fitting and covered with material. It fits the shoulder, and the back and front of the waist is drawn by small pleats. The sleeves are of the "leg of mutton" shape, and are made over a fitted lining foundation. The cape is made with a pointed yoke, which is twice pleated at back and front to make the fall. The whifte is finished with a band collar edged with ruche.

In Paris they are wearing shiny sailor hats of black American cloth, and are decking them with flower posies, which give them an altogether incon- gruous appearance, and one I sincerely hope our milliners will not attempt to imitate. The newest kind of artificial flowers for the moment are frosted violets, of exquisite appearance, which are being used with good effect on all kinds of millinery. The new materials for spriok wear are most fascinating. Deapcst violet, palest mauve, helio- trope shot with ripples of purple, and every con- ceivable combination of all four, appear to be the leading colours. Although the weaving of such wonders must remain a mystery, the subtle effects which result are very charming. As a mark of the advent of spring primroses are almost with us, at any rate with such of us as have to depend upon Nature for our supply. I was told the other day that for those who suffer from excitable, over-wronght nerves nothing is more calming than two or three handfuls of primroses thrown into the water of a bath. Although It seems almost cruel to put such delioate flowers to such prosaio a purpose, nerves are so much trouble to one in these days of too much to do that any relief is eagerly grasped at.

Amongst the spring dresses for children, the prettiest I have seen is one made of two materials, the lower portion being serge or cloth, and the upper portion of spotted or plaid material. The dress should he made with a lining yoke and the full front and back are gathered. In the centre the superfluous fulness is arranged in a double box pleat which is joined to the yoke and hidden with a piece of ribbon or velvet. 1 Yours very iincerely, JENNix.

Walking, the best of all exercises for the well, because I the most natural, should be a duty, just as are eating, drinking, or sleeping ; and the cares and supposed duties of the home should be laid aside until it has been enjoyed. It is a little difficult to determine just when custard is sufficiently cooked. This will settle the point : Take a spoonful of the mixture and let it run back into the dish; i it t leaves the spoon entirely, more cooking is necessary; should there be a little speck upon the spoon it is quite time to remove the " soft " custard from the range. -- A good rule for hanging pictures is to fix them with the centre of the picture at a level with the eye—i.e., about 51t. 3in. fmm thefloor. Supposing the pictures to be hung at this height, the superiority of the rail is noticeable over the old method of banging them to nails at about ceiling level; there is not such a display

of cord, and the pictures hang more securely.— " Work." on!,

" Not ly is it very healthy to yawn," says a French physician, " but artificial yawning should be resorted to in cases ef sore throat, buzzing of the ears, catarrh, and like troubles." It is said to be as efficacious in its way as gargling thethroat, with which process it should be combined. The reason stated is that during the act of yawning there is considerable stretching of the muscles of the pharynx and soft palate, which are in this way put through a sort of massage ; besides this, in the act of yawning the throat tubes contract and drive into the pharynx the mucus that has accumulated.

Apricot Sponge Cake. Cut a sponge cake into horizontal slices. Boil up for fifteen minutes a sufficient quantity of apricots and juice (say a pint for six penny sponge cakes) with sugar, an ounce (or two, if liked sweet) to each pint. Spread each slice with the apricots, and put them one on the top of the other, baste with the juice.; then pour over all a pint of thick custard, or whipped cream. The apricot pulp boiled up with sugar makes a nice dressing for this cake. " Tinned Meats, Fish, Fruits, and flow to Use Them."

All 4, , tt v C)):a ••_of g ,

s°-;• illi ,_ -. %..'?.:. ,I•t;f ,tfy t 111' 'l;,, , , v i 11 \ \ \ ' ,i ~„ 7:.

, e (~, )11' 1; t ~ .a ,•-‘ i . i ) I \,,,,,i hi ,L\ ! i I ‘ I 1 A , ,:29 ' ZIA2I.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
a voice that is still."

COMET SOLO by JULES LURY,the Champion Corne- tist of the World, Vocal and Instrumental numbers by Emminent Artistes in Europe and America, the Grena- dier Guards' and Second Regiment (New York) Brass Bands.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
FOX HUNTING IN FRANCE.

Of English sports introduced during the past few years into France not the least popular is that of fox hunting ; and a correspondent sends to the " Daily Graphic" some amusing particulars of a meet at a provincial French town near the Swiss frontier. The " Chasse Jan Renard," writes the correspondent has little in common with English fox hunting. French "chasseurs" seem to believe , the English custom of riding to hounds only in winter a senseless superstition, and hunt by prefer- ence in July and August. Some days previously to the meet a curious document, rather like a playbill, made its appearance. It contained an announce- ment that a meet would be held, and that there I would be 50 dogs (the French have no distinctive ' term for hounds) with whippers-in, " trompes," and " valets de chiens." The programme proceeded to say that at six there would be a " reveil en fanfare," and at half-past eight was the time announced for the meet, or rather the second meet, for at seven o'clock there was to be a preliminary "reunion at the Casino. Punctually at six on the day appointed the town was awakened by the " reveil en fanfare." In the music there was but little suggestion of hunting, and in the equipment of the band, for a band it was, there was if possible still less. Four " trompes," arrayed in uniform of scarlet and black with three-cornered hats, each blowing lustily into a huge " cor de chasse," were dragged aimlessly about the town in a local hackney car- riage. The whippers-in, though more suggestive of hunting, were of a type unknown on this side of the Channel. They were a sylvan costume of green and buff, doubtless not unlike that worn by the followers of Robin Hood. Why they carried guns is a mystery. The , dogs, of no particular breed, were coupled ; and they, at I least' seemed to have no ambition to hunt. The sport I began to the moment of the advertised time. No time was lost in starting a fox. The huntsmen had with great fnrothought brought two in a sack for the use of subscribers. The first of these animals seemed to have a fair chance of escape, for it was some minutes before the hounds could be induced to follow. Even then there was an evident lack of enthusiasm. But the fox evi- dently did not realise that he was to be hunted, and failed to make use of his opportunity. After a short run he was overtaken by the one hound who seemed to take an interest in the proceedings. The second fox was squally unfortunate ; and now the defects of the French system of not finding foxes became apparent, for the hunt came to a premature end, the idea of starting a fresh fox seeming to strike no one. But perhaps foxes are scarce in France. The return of the hunting party to town was a kind of triumphal entry. The foxes were slung on a pole borne by the huntsmen in their sylvan costumes much in the same manner as the dead deer is carried in the woodland scene of " As You Like It." But the merry chorus of the banished huntsmen," What shall he have who killed the deer 2" was replaced by a hideous bellowing of the " cors de chasse." A charac- teristic feature of the French hunt was the doctor who followed with a little cart bearing the legend, " Secours aux blesses." Happily his services were not required.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
A BOSTON GIRL'S DESCRIPTION OF FOOITALL.

A Boston girl is supposed to have written this graphic and illuminating description of football, as seen by feminine eyes : First came some men all dressed in blue, Then others came in red, One fellow yelled, the rest all tried To jump upon his head. And then another fellow yelled, And each man, where he stood, Just hit, and struck, and knocked and kicked, At every one he could. And then one fell upon his neck, And all the otheoi ran, And on his prone and prostrate form Leaped every blessed man. And then the ambulance drove on, And, loading up with men With twisted necks and broken lungs, Went driving off again.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
EXCITING SCENE AT A FOOTBALL

MATCH.

During the progress of the match between St. Helens and Salford at Salford, on Saturday, the Sal- ford supporters showed great antipathy to Sudlow, the well-known three-quarter of St. Helens, who formerly played for Salford. Sudlow is a St. Helens man, but some time ago he was engaged at Salford, and joined the club there. On his return at the commence- ment of this season, he got his transfer to the St. Helens club, and has since played regularly with them. On Saturday he was booed and booted, and the police had to guard him from the threatened onslaughts of the spectators, and while going with the teams after the match to headquarters in a waggonette half a dozen policemen and a number of detectives acted as escorts. At the headquarters of the Salford club a large number of persons assembled, and Sudlow had to be taken in a round-about way in a cab to Manchester, where he left for St. Helens. The officials of the St. Helens club co n- sider the affair a great insult to their club, and intend to bring the matter before the County Committee.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIZEFIGHT AT ST. HELENS.

Early on Sunday morning a prize fight for stakes of .£lO took place in a secluded spot at Eccleston, outside the borough of St. Helens. At seven o'clock a large number of sporting men left St. Helens, and on arriving at the plaee mentioned a ring was formed, and the two combatants, named Ball and Kelly, both working men, who are well known members of the local fraternity, faced each other. The fighting was very keen at the commencement, and there was little difference between the two. Ball appeared to be the favourite. though he received the worst punishment. Twenty three rounds were fought, and the time was one hour and twenty minutes, when Kelly's seconds threw up the sponge, and Ball was declared the victor. Both men were terribly punished.

TEF.,a the timely ' delicate

Forty _ - Sugar Coated Purely Vegetable Cure 'Torpid Liver Without Fall Chemists: ie 11(1.

dbichOto:p speedilyoNT arrest the progress of decay.hardeo the gum and Impart a delightful fragrance to Oe breath. All Chemists sell it. 23

CARTErS LITTLE 'S LIVER PILLS. ; Small Pill ji, BEAMUL Small rgcfo..F obsur,l by th, Dose 0-511 u, of that It, aromatic tooth Small •,i , , Fragraw Price . ' • I' ' SO7" -in a MI -

===== 0002601_18930415_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_18930415_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
LICENSING PROSECUTION AT RUNCORN.

CONFLICTING EVIDENCE. At Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday, before Dr. Steele and Mr. P. Speakman, Thomas Davies, land- lord of the Mersey Vaults, Mersey-et., was summon- ed for permitting drunkenness to take place on his premises en the 28th March, and Bridget Rawlinson and Rose Ann Corcoran, both married women of Sal keld- square, was charged with being drunk on the premises. 1 Mr. A. Fletcher, of Northwich, prosecuted for the police and Mr. J. Burton defended. P.S. Gosling stated that ' on the night of the 28th March, he was on duty in Mer- sey-st. At ten o'clock he visited the Mersey Vaults,l because of the noise he heard proceeding thence, and in I a small compartment he found two men and three women. Twe of the latter Bridget Rawlinson and Rose Ann Corcoran had a glass ef,porter each, and they were I both drunk. The barman fetched the landlord, who on being informed of the sondition of the women, ieniea that they were drunk, and sai4 they had been washing there until half-past seven. The sergeant remarked that ' they had had plenty of time to get drunk since then and 1 Rawlinson commenced to scream and use abuse. As the officer was going out, the landlord made use of some strong expressions, characterizing the constable's con- duct in entering the house as insolence. The sergeant replied that he was doing his duty in pointing out defects, in the manner in which the house was carried out, and he told the landlord that he had had too much drink and that he was not a proper person to conduct a licensed house. There was no doubt the landlord was under the influence of drink. Afterwards Rawlinson created a disturbance in the street, and eventually he was compelled to lock her up. At half-past eleven Davies came to the police station accompanied by Dr. MacLen- nan, and said he wanted to see Rawlinson, and the officer told him that he had no authority to bring the woman from the cells,and that unless the woman herself made an application neither Davies nor the doctor could see her. She had made no such application.—Evidence was given by Inspector Cooper, P.C. Beckett, and P C. Plevin that Rawlinson was very drunk, and that she made the cell smell of liquor.—The defendant sworn, said that on the night in question the house was as quiet as the court at that momext, and he contended that the women were not drunk, and could walk straight. During the conver- sation with the police, P.S. Gosling told him that he would be better if he did not take quite as many glasses, and he was annoyed at that remark, and replied that "it was just like his— impudence to say so."—By Mr. Fletcher : To his knowledge Mrs. Rawlinson was never served during the day. When she was washing, after she had finished she went into the bar and had been there three quarters of an hour when the police en- tered.—Sabrina Davies, wife of last witness, gave Raw- linson a good character as a washer-woman, and said she had nothing to drink during the day. Both women were sober when the police entered. They had been in the drinking part of the house for an hour and a half when the police arrived.—James Wilmot, barman, said Mrs. Rawlinson had only two small bottles of stout and was sober, quiet, and orderly.— Richard Smith, checker on the Ship Canal, and John Kerr, agent for a photographic firm, and Annie Jolley, servant at the vaults, gave evidence that the women were sober.—Mrs. Rawlinson said she had only two small bottles of stout, and she alleged that in the street Sergeant Gosling pushed her, and had she been drunk she would have had an awful fall.—Mrs. Corcoran said one small bottle of porter was all she had during the day. —The magistrates, after a brief consultation in private, dismissed the whole of the summonses.

PARLIAMENTARY GOLF TOURNAMENT.

LOCAL MEMBERS DISTINGUISH THEMSELVES. The play in the Parliamentary Golf Tournament was interrupted by the Easter holidays, and until Thursday very little had been done to get through the second ties. On Thursday forenoon, however, there were a good many players at Furzedown, and among the matches decided were two in which Lancashire members achieved notable successes. In the early part of the day Mr. Seton-Karr met Mr. Felix Skene, one of the steadiest golfers in the tournament, who has hitherto always got well within sight of the final tie. The member for St. Helens received three strokes from his opponent, and he made the best use of this handicap by playing a strong game. Mr. Skene was a little out of form, but even if he had played his best he would have found it difficult to pull off the game. As it was, Mr. Seton-Karr won by three up and two to play. In the afternoon the Hon. T. W. Legit played off his tie with Mr. John Penn, who is the scratch man of the handicap. Mr.Legh was allowed seven strokes in the round, and with these odds he won a smart victory by two holes. The member for the New- ton Division was, like Mr. Seton-Karr, in his best form. He drove steadily, and used his iron and -fitter with excellent effect. Mr. Penn played up exceptionally well at the end of the match, doing the last five holes in fifteen.; but by that time Mr. Legh had the match well in hand, and making no mistakes, in spite of the bril- liant play of his opponent, he finished the match at the seventeenth hole.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POLLUTION OF THE SHIP CANAL DISCUSSION IN THE MANCHESTER CITY COUNCIL.

At the meeting of the Manchester Corporation on Wednesday, upon the motion for the approval of the proceedings of the Rivers Committee, Sir J. Harwood said he was asked on the previous day, at a meeting of the Ship Canal Committee, when the sewage works were likely to be opened. It was very important in the interests of the Ship Canal that the sewage should be turned into the sewage works as soon as possible, because at the present time, in consequence of the short- ness of water, the canal was emitting a very bad smell indeed. (Hear, hear.) It showed that there was a good deal of bad matter going down the canal. It would enable Manchester to ask other people to do something if they could show a good example themselves. If the chairman could give them an assurance when the sewage works would be opened and the sewage diverted it would be a very great advantage to the canal and a blessing to the city.—Mr. Alderman Thompson, in reply, said he could give no precise date as to when the sewage works would be opened. He expected the date would be about October. He hoped the work would be pushed on, and that it might be completed before that time.

A LADY LITIGANT; • CROSS-EXAMINING A HUSBAND. Many successful novelists will wish they could have invented the scene which actually occurred in the Divorce Court on Wednesday, when Mrs. M'Kerrow, who is petitioning for a divorce, had the pleasure of putting her husband through a severe cross-examination. In one of his answers, the respondent said that his wife " had a pistol in her jacket pocket" when she called upon him on one occasion ; whereupon the lady replied, "1 should not have much regard for my figure if I carried pistols in my pocket." The petitioner appears to have made herself thoroughly acquainted with her hus- band's career. She challenged him with having forged a marriage certificate with which he had " deceived another girl," and then she produced letters which he had written to Miss Shepherd (one of the four "inter- veners ") and put some scathing questions to him on their contents. The respondent admitted that ha was " heartily ashamed ' of the letters, and that his mind must have been affected. " The injury to my spine," he said, " affected my head and my memory." "Yes," ;interjected the pitiless cross-examiner, but it did not affect your heart." The entertainment was suspended by the adjournment of the court.

/CAA'S COMPOUND, for Coughs and! Colds. Asthma and Bronchitis are relieved by it, Sid. 13/d. A Panama correspondent states that Peru is on the verge of a revolution. In the townS of Cuterno and Choke there has been some fighting With the insur- gelltg. RUPTURES.—ITS RADICAL CURE. SUCCESS OF THE SHERMAN METHOD. Fifty Years' Test. " 9, Mansion House Buildings, Crawshaw Booth. "March 7th,1893. 'S.J.Sherman,Esq. —Dear Sir, —Having been under your treatment for some months I am pleased to bear testimony to the efficiency of your marvel- lous treatment. I have had two doctors examine me,and neither on- could tell en which slae I hal been ruptured. My own doc- tor who attended me before I went to you can scarcely realise the change in me, and he says he can find no trace of the rup- ture. Now, If there are any who doubt the genuineness of your great skill and ability to cure rupture, kindly refer them to me.—With many heartfelt thanks, more than I am able to ex- press here. I beg to remain ever thankfully yours, "CHARLES MEEKS. '

We advise all sufferers to se,nd to Mr.ST—S-tiej:MiZifeinia Specialist, of 64, Chancery-lane, London,or 26, King-st ,Man- cheater, for his book on rupture, giving full information of his treatment; only known cure without operation in this or any ther country. Free on application.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
PAIN KILLER

Get a bottle to-day of PERRY DAVIS'

PAIN KILLER. Acts directly on the seat of Pain. Cures Colds,Coughs, gead,. ache. Cramp and Pain in the Stomach. Colic, Di r r Cholera &,z..

Sold by all Chemists at 1. and 29. Avoid all Imitations wider misleading names. PAIN KILLER

===== 0002601_18930415_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
DARKWOOD.

A TALE OF LONEMOOR. BY MRS. HAP.ILIETT LEWIS, Author of "The Sundered Hearts," "The Bailiff" Scheme," "The Double Life," &a

CHAPTER XXIV. TwO ADVERTISEMENTS.

Miss Georgina Tollish was a girl of fifteen, short of stature and stout of frame, built up upon the obese pattern of her father. See had no great depth of mind, and was distinguished for her perfect good nature. She was silly and shallow, self conscious and self-assertive—in short, a loud-tongued, shrill- voiced, bouncing creature, whom her father regard- ed i'vith an absolute abhorrence. Yet, such as she was, she was Lord Darkwood's heiress, and as the Darkwood title, like certain others, descended in the female line, in default of male heirs, she might be Marchioness of Darkwood in her own right after her father's death.

As she burst into his presence like a small incar- nate whirlwind, the marquis started back in anger and dismay; but the girl ran forward and threw her arms around his ne3h, giving him a loud-sound- ing kiss. He pushed her from him with a look of disgust.

" Where did you come from Georgina ?" he exclaimed aogrily. "How did you find me? How dared you come to Eugland without my permis- sion ?"

The girl bestowed a prolonged stare around her before she cried out admiringly— .

" i'sfy I ain't this jolly? Ain't this style? Ain't it per tectly scrumptious ?" She stooped so that her short, shabby dress lay upon the floor, and made a prancing movement backwards and forwards, regarding attentively her reflection in an opposite mirror. "Georgina," cried her father, "answer my ques- tion, miss. Do you bear me ?" Miss Georgina looked up unconcernedly. Evi- dently she was used to harshness, and not at all sensitive to it.

"Why, yes, I heard you," she answered. "I'm not deaf. How did I find you?' Why, I saw in Galignani's Messenger that the Marquis of Dark- wood was dead, and that Captain Fabian Tollish had succeeded to the title and estates. That's how I knew where you were. Where I came from you know as well as I do."

the marquis frowned angrily. "How dared you come to England without my permission," he again .demanded.

4 "I dare 'do a great deal," replied the girl, coolly. "I haven't been brought up to care much, you know. If I had waited for you to send for me I should never have come. You never acted much like a father to me, anyhow. But if you're a lord, and living in clover, I'm a lord's daughter, and I won't live in poverty. I told the people there all my grandeurs that I intended to have, you know, and f brought the old chambermaid, Guiseppina, with me for a maid in style, you see. She's in the servants' hall, I suppose." Georgina.'s perfect coolness and unconcern served to inflame her father's anger. She tore oil her bat and tocsed it upon the sofa, and threw her sacque upon another. Her hair was frowsy ; her garments were ill-fitting and thread. bare ; her boots were broken at the sides, and her gloves were:. ere rags. . . . .

" You look like aTheggar, Georgina," ejaculated Lord Da.rkwood. "You're a pretty figure to come iuo a room like this."

" Whose fault is it ?" retorted the daughter. " wear better clothes if I had them."

The marquis winced under this reproach. His life had l3;en one of supreme selfishness. He had married the daughter of a fellow army officer, had dissipated his wife's fortune, and after her death had thrown off all responsibility in regard to his child. She had grown up in a cheap boarding- house and a cheap school alternately. He considered that in paying her bills he did his entire duty by her, and that in making those bills as small as possible he was doing his duty by himself. Had the child been pretty, or remarkably intelligent, he woud no doubt have treated her differently ; but he disliked her and was ashamed of her. He had never bestowed a thought upon her future or her settlement in life, never considered that there must come a time when cheap schools and cheap board- ing houses would cease to be proper homes for her. i‘.nd now here she was upon his hands, a great, coarse, overgrown girl, whose very appearance he conceived to be a disgrace to him. . .

" You'll have to g-o back with Guiseppina," he exclaimed. " The fly in which you came from the station is gone. You can stay till morning, but you must go then." "Not if I know it ! How would it look for Lord Darkwood's daughter to live in a boarding-house garret, as I've been doing, while Lord Darkwood himself lives in splendour? No, sir, I'm here, and I shall stop here. You'll have to put me out by force, and I warn you not to do that. I'd kick up such a rumpus," said this terrible young woman, "as to make the name of Darkwood a scandal and a byword to the country." Ihe marquis knew that she would keep her word. And what would the world say if it knew that Lord Darkwood had sent back his daughter and heiress to a second-class boarding-house in Valetta while he resided in luxury and splendour at Dun. holm Castle? Clearly, his design was not feasible. He must make other provision for her. . . . .

"You took me so completely by surprise in your coming, Georgina," he said, "that I scarcely knew what to say to you. Upon consideration, I will allow you to remain in England. Guiseppina must start for Malta to morrow morning. I suppose you know, Georgina," and his tone was more conciliating "that you are my heiress. If I should not marry again—which I shall do, I may as well tell you now —you would be Marchioness of Darkwood in your own right. There is, of course, a possibility that you may come into the title and inherit the estates, even if I do marry." " Well ?" said Miss Georgina, "You have been neglected, I own; but I must say in my own justification that I never expected to become Lord Darkwood. I expected to continue in the army as plain Captain Tollish, unless I should be obliged by my creditors to sell out, as seemed very likely. In such case, I should have made some provision for you. Now you must be eklacated, polished, transformed into a lady. You shall have the best instructors, the mom assiduous care," "mm," said the young lady, "we'll see about that. I've been my own mistress too long to sub. rnit to pastors and masters. I'll have fine clothes, I know that, and a maid to wait upon me, and a horse. If you're a lolcl, I'm a lady, whether I'm educated or not."

"A lady by courtesy," said the marquis; "but no mere title can make you a lady." " Well, hav'nt I a title?"

"Yes," replied Lord Darkwood, who had not be- fore given a thought to the subject. "My father was a Charteris, and took the name of his wife, who came of high family, and who brought hita a fortune. I have relinquished my mother's name, and taken the name to which my father was born. lam Fabian Charteris, Lord Darkwood. You are Lady Georgina Charteris." "A very pretty name," declared its owner. "I shall he mistress here until you bring home a new wife. I shan't go to any boarding school. I set my foot down flat as to that. I have had a hard time in my life so tar. I mean to have a good time henceforth.'

"What an obstinate, pigheaded creature," ex- claimed Lord Darkwood. "You'll have to obey me, Georgina. lam your master, as you will dis- cover, if you attempt to defy me." The girl giggled after a silly fashion. She had little awe of her father. She felt that he had neg. leetecl and wronged her, and she was determined to " stand up for her rights" thenceforth, and to tight for them if necessary. Yet 30 shallow was she that she even then, when her best interests were at stake, giggled over his look of anger and annoy- ance, and arranged the folds of her dress, and craned her head airily, viewing her reflection in the mirror. "I'll tell you what do," she remarked. " You can get me a governess. She must come here to live. No more school for me. I shall stay here at Dunhohn Castle, and I'll make a row if you attempt to send me away, BO that's settled l" It was settled. No argument could move the girl from her resolve. Her father's angry commands had no effect upon her. She was obstinate and pig- headed to the last degree. Threats and promises were alike without avail. She had made her deter- mination' and nothing could move her. Lord Darkwood found himself vanquished at last.

"You can remain," he said, sullenly. "I will pro- cure a governess for you. It is nearly dinner time, and you are not fit to appear at the table If you are to remain here, you must conduct your- self properly, and not excite the curiosity and gos- sip of the servants. Did you bring a box with you?" " Yes ; but this is the best I have. You were always stingy with me, you know," said her lady- ship. "You must stay in your room till you can have a decent outfit. Leave off your slang. Try and do me credit."

The marquis touched the bell pull. A servant, swift and noisele.s, a ppearsd• "My compliments to Mrs. Dover, said NG ship, politely, "and tell her that I requ,st be!, presence in the drawing-room for a few moments. The servant withdrew, and a liAle later the housekeeper came in. She was a gentlewoman, elderly, relined and in- telligent, the wife of a country rector. Sie ha.l be`,ll for many years an himuured in ma a of the hoase. The late Lord Darkwond had never brought limn° a wife, and his father had been many yeare widower, so that she had been virtually mistress 0 the castle. Her administrative abilities were of a high order ; she was a strict disciplinarian. as the servants could have testified, yet they tdlliked her. Under her rule, perfect peace and order reigned throughout the sumptuous dwelling. She was ie mourning for her late master, whom she had loVed with a mother's tenderness and devotion. She looked from the new lord, whom she instinct- ively disliked, to his daughter. " Mrs. Dover," said the marquis courteously, "I have told you that I am a widower. This is uif my daughter and only child—my heiress—LadY Georgina Charteris." Mrs. Dover bowed, drawing nearer the girl witll6' look of ir terest not unmixed with surprise. This girl Lord Darkwood's drughter ! Why there were housemaids in the castle who would surpass her io looks and breeding. " I am happy to welcome yen to Dunholm, Loa Georgina," she said in her gentle voice. " Well, I'm glad to get here," replied the girls quite boisterously. "I've come straight from Malts.. I've travelled day and night, and I m tired ahnosC to death." "My daughter's education has been sadly Deg; hotted, Mrs. Dover," said his lordship blandly. "I have trusted too much to teachers,who have proreu'' incompetent. My poor motherless girl requires 6 good deal of care and instruction, but we shall make amends for past neglect. I shall find a goree" ness for her as soon as possible. In the meantime, Mrs. Dover, please do what you can for her. I sr.„111 give you a cheque in the morning, and you vrl'h oblige me by taking the carriage and going ' Shrewsbury to order an outfit for her." Mrs. Dover bowed assent. "And now," concluded his lordship, "be Pea' enough to assign her suitable rooms and a maid 0, attend her. She will dine in her own room. ShT will remain in her apartments until the defects or, her wardrobe shall be remedied." Lady Georgina looked sullen, but acquiesced ' this arrangement, as appeared by her silence. "Will you accompany me to my room, Ladt Georgina ?" asked Mrs. Dover. "I shall have ycl,r ,rooms prepared as soon as possible,. but they 'Ad° require to be aired and warmed." dine with you, then, Mrs. Dover," said the Lady Georgina, "since lam not fit to dine with 019 father. lam hungry as a hunter, and the sooner I have dinner the better." Mrs. Dover withdrew with her charge, and the marquis muttered— " Fool that I am not to have sent a trustwortht agent a month ago to remove the girl to a Paris convent. She is here on my hands, a loutish, still creature that I hate the very sight of. I'll get governess for her. I'll send an advertisement the London newspapers to-morrow." Lady Georgina dined with Mrs. Dover in the housekeeper's private parlour. The elegance a this apartment surprised the girl. The Lady Georgina sat down by the bright hearth ' after dinner, and meditated upon the magnificence of her future toilets. She had just deci led in her own mind to order a bright blue ?noir, antiqn6 gown, to be trimmed with white lace, for 6111,1 wear, and a white hat to wear with it, when a mai' appeared, announcing to Mrs. Dover that the Ladi. Georgina's rooms were ready for occupancy. "Let me show you upstairs, my dear,' said the housekeeper kindly, feeling a pity for this neg!ectecl girl, to whom even nature had been-unkind and nig* gardly. "I hope you will like y0...r rooms. The have a pretty outlook." The girl regarded the lady superciliously. "Be kind enough to address me by my title," sh exclaimed. "I am the Lady Georgina CharterlSr' Mrs. Dover, if you please." A faint, amused smile crept about the lady's HOP; but she repressed it instantly. She conducted the girl up the great s'nireassi with its frequent, landings and many niches, adorns, with statuary, to a wide and stately upper hall, 0., which many doors upon either side opened. Passing these doors, and turning into a corridor at right angles with the hall, Mrs. Dover led the: way to a second hall parallel with the first. Opening a door at the left Mrs. Dover usher the lady Georgina into a beautiful boudoir, upholstered in blue and silver, with wide French windows opening upon balconies, an I overlookiog the park and the windings of the Dark river. A bright fire VMS burning in the grate,and flowerg crowded the vases on the mantelpieces, brackets, and console table. "This is delightful !" cried the girl, charm?' with the luxurious apartments. "This is my ting room, I suppose. Is that the bedroom ?" , She hurried into the adjoining room. The bea' room, dressing room and bath room were all alike: perfect in their fitting up, and perfect also in th taste that had directed their adorning. "I shall be happy as a lark here," declared thit Lady Georgina. I won't have a stuffy, stuPht Foverness t o rule over me. I'll tell my father in the morning. I intend to be my own mistress. "You are very young, Lady Georgina," said Moss Dover. "Young ladies always have instructors ha': til they come out into society." "I'll be an exception to the rule. If my father, wanted to governess me he should have begas earlier. He has let me run wild till now, and .1 won't be ruled, so there ! Let Guiseppina come ur and see my rooms. I a ant her to carry back a Ohl that will astonish my 'Valetta friends. Old Guiseppina was : summoned, and the giA ' exhibited her rooms, and talked grandly of ti 4. wardrobe she was to have. The old Maltese woman went away the nerit, morning on her return to Valetta. Directly after she had departed for Shrewsburit, Georgina burst into tbe library, where her father was seated penning an advertisement, and inforro • Ishn in forcible language that she would not haves" governess. Lord Da.rkwood regarded her angrily. " What does this mean ?" he cried. "If you re', fuse to have a gsverness I'll put you in a Freuo', convent, Georgina. You will find that I he authority over you." "I won't go to a convent 1" shrieked the girl. a passion. "And I won't have a governess. you'll find a girl not much older than I am, We'' has been educated, I'd have her for a companion but I won't be under any one." The marquis expostulated and threatened, be the girl stoed firm. "I tell you," she said, more calmly, " le/. from example, and if you'll find me a pleasant you°, lady that I'll like, who is not over twenty years clur and ss ho won't taut on airs to me, I'll try to ccy, her and learn of her ! but I won't have any one iv° assumes authority over me." Lord Darkwood and his daughter quarrellei fiercely over the matter, until the servants gathere' In the hall, amazed at the disturbance; but in tile' end Lady Georgina triumphed. The marquis wrote his advertisement as amen° and corrected by his daughter, and enclosed it ia • letter to Mr. Sutton, whom he requested to atteas to it, and to the engagement of a governess. The same post earned to London a letter ws Pietro's brother, enclosing an advertisement penll,e°, by the wily Pietro, to appear in several mornleo' newspapers—an advertisement calling for inforiso tion of Miss Gwendoline Winter. The two notices appeared in the same morn papers two days later.

(To be continued.)

===== 0002601_18930415_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
MEDICAL.

A CARD. jp EV Eli EN D JOSEPH HOLMES' iinPrfird It, Mexican Prescription, as discovered in the hot 'nds of Old Mexico, is a guaranteed cure to all those.cous lifter trom the errors and indiscretions of youth, ne,',.,trcr physical exhaustion, and early decay. To "-vot ce it into lingland, the Mexican Prescription will baited -ee ot charge. upon receipt at a sell addressed ,:ve et e. Only address: JOSEPH HOLMES' Reuto..f ,eotrishury Bloomsbury-square, Londofl.. this paper.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
tThe, firk uelty , bllßst '°Oda W t local 48 %Ito . gre,ner7tro Itaille MAT, lath 3 ab at rNt 1, _ ro ;th!he Natio Thlelicirr.e° in Which°Peret it WO a4lnog but i. lee t?l,4t of , loci at fro ety cow °4

===== 0002601_18930415_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
ce,led" th th, ttlle b.t 411141 MT:4 p 4t tht. laec;),Dl 'lt L cr,t !lad A r 1p c,t,r_ato the nPr N90;301)4 " ha , dpi It a.,!le ?"artpc'l t

===== 0002601_18930415_art0029.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-.---,........0'

===== 0002601_18930415_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
nd been house. bele° ears a ress of re of 9' as the 41 her. , " • ed eign. olas IIZ fovea

'is ari

with& This T vreFe her 01

e girl, Matta. alulosb y. y eg proY ,t tares 16 • ShAll govev ntirnet I will U will Aug to e goocl Laid to She 'ecta of

, LadY ire yo?,t ey

s,id the sooner

worthy 1 paris h, silly 1 get t/ Rut to

hearth ificence in het g.ntivie cinv oh a zneiJ e LadY

aid the &?ccted nd nig"

be trterlst

Ircasei dorneu, 001

Labered )udoit, French

flowerg Etekets, armed

_ 31t. ?" Le bed' II alike iLI tba

ed the stupid tiler tress. id Mi ors tor

father begU and )me 114 a tato he gill. of th

rsburYt father forme have*

you re' French bay°

===== 0002601_18930415_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
a learlja yoUTIV Old' AD COPY ne wbo

Lthered in 00

d nenle( it in

0 bter Pen/leo iornive Lforion• lornitt,

as to )isesse'ric' eet, st'pre posi.to. bo%, ikd, lee po D't .%

in eione r 0 • Mins'd co edoce. ofs

,---''

..roved rap.- or bot toviD) nog, v 00,75 To Mt:o I bB.: ea stal,„ neelY 0, C, on, . •

===== 0002601_18930415_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
UNFAVOURABLE SIGNS. ' •44.1/Vllnile many do not feel seriously ill, they are far from g Perfectly well. l, ett Without any real, known cause, people are often sub- tar" to feelings of lassitude and enervation, feel below , are troubled with occasional hegd , aches, loss of tieePi lack of energy, fanciful appetite, Imperfect diges- eCi tid a nervous excitable condition. These a: tb l'tnnes premonitory symptoms of serious diseases f irue liver, kidneys or urinary organs. It is pee-eminently Pertant Pto immediately take the necessary precautions Lrevent the development of serious complications, as Z 4 agony of the above symptoms manifest themselves it is easy to check their pro- g the importance, or to avoid a slight ex- " tee' larlY poor victims hear that dismal sentence tin:tee late," when a short use of the right medicine in ta:7111el have restored the patient to perfect health.re e. one should inquire what are the necessary. - slaieOsi and what are the safe and sure remedies to verdi2le froin these threatened dangers? Take nth trate" f the world. England, America, Germ, *bite lgiuen, Switzerland, Canada, and Australia, liable iru saTing that Warner's Safe Cure is the only re- bealth ernedY which possesses the power to restore a leg thY action to the liver and kidneys, quicklyrfmov: letter ese un tileasant symptoms. The multiplicity of tu,s _9.o!_heartfelt thanlis daily received by the Proprie fre,,„`;',lnw rner.'s Safe Cure,and extracts of which appear ilisilif.ti„e to tirnf. in the papers, fully corroboratei_en. and 4ore 4v,;(, assertions as to its value. It s not the V virtue_ ..al:ner's Safe Cure who so loudly proclaim its Ivesr tiscl.relief from its use. e who have suffered and Is the voice of those t ivn A.Puttock,ls, outh Telegraph Street, Portsm ,in _ otttg tl" experience, says : "For 4 years I suffered alPanisntsiainrotnhnenbeack and left side, most of the time me to my bed. I was weak, nervous, sisteeciesPendent ; rn" appetite poor, and what food I ate *len ssed P " t 1 and Seem ged to ive me no real nourish- es._ inornri er,i_dewdastodoctored, and tried several medicines re- :VP d deera le Sa f 8 Hie. but found no relief until I took Cure (which is obtainable of all chemists dose se__ ret for 2s. 9d. and 45.6 d. per bottle). The first Vience,,`,lnoel to agree with me, and I immediately com- seruoit. recover,and after finishing three bottles I was '•elY restored to health."

WARRINGTON BRANCH OF THE N.S.P.C.C. Th REPORT OF WORK DONE. e first annual meeting of the Warrington ‘-: et?..nch of the National Society far the Prevention Hall MOh Yi.) " , fl;ruelty to Children, was held in the Town -arne,Rst daY night. The Mayor presided, and those also present were the Mayoress, lion!, Bolton (of London), and a large numb!! 9firl ladies and gentlemen, including Mr. W .8.. eeher, hon. see. The M 'MI CR"ImAN's inulAit". said that it , 1,4,3.‘,,) APou lit opening the proceedings It th'a°t tl3 months since they held their firstambereatninnhg If The xr°?gl for the purpose of inaugurating childr ational Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to 11iej,..5.010 Warrington and the surrounding districts. °h would read his report that evening tarnoym: skia"," w9uld be seen that the society had been. akoZoluut idle. It had, in fact, made a considerable would ass that tof It in the neighbourhood. They stei from a circular that had been issued thwatothe. sl4;il, could still do with further support in its endeav 00 behalf of the children. (Hear, hear.) ' kr. tiv 13 (~, rail sICRITART'S REPORT. *lll°l • • -4"'" "",,i aee.) then read his report, and (hI, you after giving a short history of the society stated e, ',Committee, has secured for the purposes of Parker. , rptpitiiiilaSrhninltgetrotnhe premises known as No. 34, IK , where the Secretary or.lnPspaerctor. . lio.intn;"enatY be seen at any time in the evening by ap %ye an .• A caretalcer is always iv attendance to re- , ktry t Y information of cruelty. It is quite unnecces- 'hav°-"Plain the great advantages which are obtainedn_a za:p.ge.riin:taitnpeermanent office where all business q the llheltae!PTl and meetings held ; and the utility o i ins Of need amply speaks for and e , kesilitc.i.`ltVreesvfooouel,d, reehmiladrrkenhefrreomthcartutehle parents does not arents o children I atle _hilt to make them behave properly h to C shelter 1 vili .s()t, abolish the need for rescue. tudi e chiefly Tenn' d to retain children, i tee or four g and trials, and has ace be t 7 heall.l3 3everal startling cases of cruelty having bisetrieer)jted to us from the Altrincham and Bowdon accommodation for !l.thto,ungnheuiriehrtoalisntdeteesneFt a were obliged to take them ne, %hese ' ~ornmitt : pis riot il se, ativd:inattatevded field of work. Under 'ile .held T l' was thoughtdo ndesirablepublic i Id aur'°Wdun on thell.2sth November, 189ori2cf.oinrmeNeIrt-. kin dia - "• Wilde, of 62 The Downs, Bowdon, has 1,11. ,' undertaken the duties of District Correspondent. ''TTecutio c • h during the past year. ''' ommittee as, ‘.' 4iaildt With 147 T complaints, involving the welfare of 404 Ikkjerl• he complaints are classified under the follow- '; --General ill-treatment, 18 ; assault, e ; starva.. aliKl4 • neglect, 99; abandonment, 2 ; exposure, 7 , Clcases, C; danaerous performances, 0 ; imnaor I- kik*" 42;ll ,other wrongs, 9. The cases were dealt with as .. t—Prosecuted, 15 ; convicted, 14 ; discharged, le "Tiled other ,71 • wise dealt with, 4 ; dismissed, T. iitr,b ~ . . litli. et 01 cases invest 'gated at different places :—War- I titir°,o, 102 ; Widnes, 21; Runcorn, 3 ; AltrinCham, 11 ; Ilivri',;,,• X titsford, 1; Newton, 2 ; Leigh, 1 ; Ince, 1 ; '"'ott, 1110." The soma SAMPLE CASES. Ilf brt vh.telport also included a number of sample cases,.all ,rh were of a character similar to the following .- 11.11) erl Mother found sitting on a doorstep at 11.30 ll'ith her baby, aged 14 days. Child was blue !II Ile.cold, and almost lifeleSs. Mother had two .bottktes isf,„`,Dossession, from one of which she ;was givcn 4 4"ll"V)eksr. Sentenzed to two menthe hard labour. tr,ilig thmb. 4. were summoned by the society for neglect.ek -1. Inve ch•ldren Man was earning 30s. per week. )s,taFhole family occtipied only one small room, which 44 c4i a rflust filthy condition. Children were entoacisaotead. IN OYeied With vermin They all slept on anyoludn t Youngest , thilte was a mass of vermin. and maggots. . 1544 w.hen found las- - a inspector, on this was lying con- lsiailorl ITil own excretion, and sucking at a .am _ v ' gttt.o !R ebructe;d wltnlk. Mann reprimanded. Motherto two (mmvntiloih months Ire"thofooned b an -re ri her ) i'• RD ,•1 • Y flociety for neglecting I '4h ^e" eight and five months ' ' eectiso , five, and three years, found 1 thildrerc 3% The officer visited thehouse. four c 1 and fou a..!leglecterlr.l. a 1110:4t filthy state. One child 11.,ad grown I ''`,tutk -'0 thich an extent that its legs had g 11ic4,-lert other. The house extremely filthy._ All the I terlel'i7ltner htl'illintl cave her, she spent in drink. se , Th. • on.. Month's hard labour. 1 4, v repo,. , uPon the finances showed there Was a good s.sklltral ‘‘, !".,..'*"ciet s's credit in the accounts at the..r n I s'a'Rt‘i P, and the committee feel it is a matter I tea.. h,t''ation that Yi arrington and district, in its t first '''S been able to contribute £B3 to the national ' 4„ltricula," Ro help to save from suffering, the children in Ltlkiu: A .s.ural ° inmrP and thinly- eipulated districts which are Q 248 i 'fl Inir port sn inspector. Including that £B3,the kiits ' fur the year tallied with the receipts of , 1,.C1L011. kit The report concluded with thanks to the "gee they had renderethn ,chool attendance officer for the assist - od. 41)4 4°Bla Durrow in seconding the adoption of tie ITtith ',4:_ild there were many points in the report upon- eitie,._ ,Eney could congratulate themselves, and she con lip)",1 that it was highly satisfactory to know the % °nnt f)t ~.) 44, work the Socif ty had done,considering it was 'glop h,t137 organised. (Hear, hear,) There was one IlaStie,raotiut the Society which leased her very much, ci, ziet w,as that the Society wPita a preventative. There taveal . n a persons warned. The Society did a great h, 14 that way to prevent i and in cruelty by twitwsning with ll4tB ducing them to treat their children more SbettZ. It was always more desirable to bring about .a p.„ al'a fa of things in the hoine than to take the chil- 'll4 i 743% (Hear, hear.) In concluding her remarks, ktr4; u'lon allodeo to the advisability of a few ladies Ih'Tig Is`. F themselves into a committee of collectors. ATTIR , the TURNER seconded the adoption of and Raid he was pleased to see the immense , Ois Nicye,.llltP ^V work done in the rescuing of children from , 1,11,tY of Parents. He very much agreed with the l•qtr,t'''''' Sock,' yhe d adopted in trying to impress upon I.lllf oots, lb responsibilities which rested upon them, and 41 P5O "a them if the responsibility by taking the Pt."tter a"N" It was thought by many when. they held Pirell ;'fitie last year, that such a Society was. not .' c., TI NN arrington ; hut the fact that there had been xca.„;;II dealt with doring the year no longer left 44°11q.R' 'luttbt• (Hear, hear.)—The report was then ADDRESs BY MISS BOLTON. iire s °LYON, Who was received with applause, then t.:BR4-M t lie m‘ et ine upon the work of the socieltywaenred ;011q°„!!' dining the past eight years. gh"k to her upon the marvellous grPoecaptheot 1i70.1151 'Lam fher R ke of it rather in the way th,,a. of the Ol'dir "avf' athld Pi t the growth cf " TopseY • littli llhrnbrick.llla."ll7ctir a and in its "Ililtw -('erat'd t( Pr 'o 11 t the organization had been I growth it had it?, taled„„-'l,lly Ora Y titriksa'nd difficulties. With !Pass! ' en'tiq;hs;il',!...,of the Wear.rington branch, she considerscl lb, a 1).11 "" Onoo more work, and placed thhenmaseelfivrse,tl -Mum et finane'. I basis than any society w . tthtlea.tstsi.;'ir:::.;",Mß"'‘slileAhadattended. But, no d.oubt,swanagi, fi,.st mentioned in the town it wa.. celeio Deopi,,,',T° wss no necessity for it, but however sin.no ' "ad been in that belief at the time they. couldn e Ltl• 11,t"iRiii li j,i ilia face of the facts tiecontain4eod4ica,r, !lad °l.f*,"l.3.''s rop,il, and in face of the fact that. ten atti Rl4 olh I.'ll cli'ali a itil. The society in Warring . . "he ...." Pattg of lb. Poultry had done well in receiyug 'leo '"Unort ri Nihritmhad ~,,aTIn ~(;:,,oe• o pbeyr antni oe nth oi thing thatmagistrates. . was,Tl-isd_et n !ldpi„ PeeßPsara ; it had been done by fottmtt."q'eT: g t 1 andle it at;',s' on eye only for the poor children whose lw.,r!f7 th, R"nstr)tpd to lilpvi,irp. In alluding to measures which Cir Insa.,;%V.)- int, tu+.4 to bring before the House o eeon; !,,Illtei '",(4sl3ealier 'aid one chief measure was the s as Dtieh; 'N'al nermission to treat habitual drunkards . 41%1;441 1 auffcring from a disease. They c prePosel t - them by sending them to institutions for true(

===== 0002601_18930415_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
land six months, and treating them for their disease, instead of allowing them to be sent to jail for 14 days', and other terms, of imprisonment. (ffear, heat.) Another measure was to get the age of boys to be dealt with by their society—raised from from 14 years to 16 years—(hear, hear)—and she thought they who knew how often they were debarred from interfering on behalf of many poor little urchins who were above 14 years would agree with them. Another measure was to interfere with the insurance of baby children. This present system she considered one of the most terrible classes of temptation which could be placed before people, who regarded the satiation of some personal desire above the value of a child's life. It was a common thing for such people to insure their six month's old babies for a sum of 305., and then by various means, ill-feeding and neglect, bring about the child's death in an apparently natural manner. The aboli- tion of this system had been objected to by members of Parliament and others on the ground that it encouraged thrift on the part of this working classes. She could tell them that the working-class looked upon it with as much horror as anyone else, and would only be too glad to have the systom as it was now, abolished. It was a decidedly pernicious and evil system. (Applause.) The speaker next alluded to baby farming and gave some startling accounts of facts which had come before her during her personal experience. There were hundreds and hundreds of babies who were born contrary to a moral law, and yet who had to live because of illegal law, and which were placed in these farms and nothina more heard of them—nothing of the gradual pinings and miseries of their subsequent deaths. The terms upon which most of the children were taken into those farms upon, was the payment of £2O down for its keep and another £2O at its death. On the proposition of Mr. John White a vote of thanks I was passed to Miss Bolton, and on the proposition of Captain Rodgers a vote of thanks was also passed to the Chairman.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
MY SKOOMESTER I

Wo wur that joker, grim an' gruff, Wo ne'er know'd wen he'd had enuff 0' oather whisky punch or snuff? My Skoomester !

Wo towt uz aw eaur A B C, With th' butt eend o' a within tree, An' never leet eaur breeches be ! My Skoomester !

Who eddicated uz to spell, Wi' causin' us to bawk an' yell, Wen warmin' wheer we dossn't tell— My Skeomester ! Wo, wi' that same owd within stick, Wud gie uz mony a ugly flick, O'er larnin' eaur arethmetick ! My Skoomester! Wo show'd uz heaw to do Cube Root, Wi polishin' his heyvy boot On th' back part o' my Sunday suit! My Skoomester! Oe'r grammar th' Owd Lad never miss'd To gie eaur ears a gradely twist ; Er gen uz " wc t for I" wi' his fist— My Skoomester! Pth' Bible turn, if aw wur dull, He'd gie his lungus arms a pull, An' play drum solos on my skull I My Skoomester! If e'er aw happen't to be late, By Godlins, lads! aw know'S my tate= His stick an' fist wad get agate ! My Skoomester! But welly fifty yers hey gone, Sin' aw wur so much put upon, By that mad castigatin' mon, My Skoomester 1 Wy, even neaw, they're -very fond 0' hellish canin' a lad's hand; To try an' make him understond Like my Skoomester! Well, peace be wi' him 1 but aw fear, Owd Nick hez getten him by th' ear, An' makes him pay fer punchin's dear— My Sko3mester ! TUM 0' PEGS.

Rose Bonk, 14, 4, 93.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOCKING WIFE ASSAULT AT WAR-

RINGTON.

A DRUNKEN HUSBAND'S BRUTALITIES.

Patrick Donohue was charged at Warrington Police Court, on Wednesday, with being drunk on Tuesday afternoon, in James-st. and also with assaulting his wife Mary Ann Donohue on Saturday and Tuesday. P.S. Taylor said that owing to a complaint from a boy, the Chief Constable sent hire to James-st.,on Tuesday, where prisoner and his wife lived. When he got there, he saw the wife with bruises the whole length of her arm, and holding to a chair. The husband who was also present was using very bad lan- guage te his wife, and was the gorse for drink. Witness brought him to the police station. P.C. Delahay cor- roborated. Mary Ann Donohue said that her husband had been drunk the greater part of Saturday night, and she had to stop with him to prevent him from falling into the fire. At about ten o'clock she went out for some meat, and when she returned her husband had gone to bed with his clothni and clogson. When she went upstairs, he jumped out of bed, and kicked her about her body, thrashed her with the buckle end of his belt, threw her downstairs, and pitched her into the street. On Tuesday he also struck her in the face. Mary Ann Rabbit said that with Dr. Peacocke, she examined Mrs. Donohue, and found four pieces taken out of her arm. The sides of her body were covered with bruises, and also her back. Catherine and Annie Cunningham each gave evidence of hearing screams coming out of prisoner's house on Friday night. The prisoner had a very bad record against him and the magistrates sent him to goal for six months, and also granted a separa- tion order, ordering him to pay 15s. a week to his wife, on coining out of prison, and giving the wile the charge of her four children.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON COUNTY COURT.

At the Warrington County Court, on Thursday, before his Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes, Messrs. Howarth and Yarwood, hay merchants, Weaver- ham, sued Robert Wilkinson, farmer, Whitley, for .£8 16s. 2d.. being the amount overpaid by them to him for a quantity of hay.—Mr. Burton, of Runcorn, appeared for plaintiffs, and stated that they bought from the defendant a stack of hay, the terms to be £3 I per ton if it exceeded 17 tons 10 cwt., and £2 15s. if it did not exceed that weight; £52 10s. was paid on ac- count, and the hay was afterwards cut and sent to Pres- ton Brook railway station to the plaintiffs' order, where it was weighted on the railway company's machine. Defendant only delivered ten loads, but the railway company's clerk had given eleven weigh tickets, thus giving one ticket twice oven—The railway porter was called and corroborated Mr. Burton's statement, and stated that the reason why defendant brought one load and then said that he might as well have all the tickets at the end. Be gave him the first ticket at that time, and afterwards put the same weight on another ticket. —Mr. A. Browne, who appeared for the defence, said his client declared that he had delivered eleven loads, but his BOTIOUr intimateu 4hot unleso Weft/ bcratimi .upport defendant's statement, he should take the version of the railway porter to be correct, and he therefore gave a verdict for plaintiffs.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
MANTLES MADE MADE FOR ONE PENNY.

AD EVEN THAT DISPUTED. A claim of a most extraordinary character has been the subject of magisterial proceedings at the Guildhall P bee Court. Henry Myers, a mantlemaker, was sum- moned at the instance of Mary Ann Ellis for the payment of £1 4s. 10d.," for making 127 mantles, due March 25, 1893." The claim ran thus : "Week ending, March 25, forty-six mantles at id., 3s. 10.1. ; forty-four at 3d., lie.; sixteen at 30., 4s. Bd. ; six at 4d.2. ; six at 6d., 3s. ; brought forward, 4d.; total £1 4s. 100." The defendant admitted the debt, but claimed a reduction on the ground that the complainant had taken away some cloth. Complainant admitted that she had taken some " rags " (cuttings). These, however, were considered perquisites.—Defendant called his overseer, who said Ellis took away some cloth, but he could not say if she removed the same from the warehouse.— Mr. ' Alderman Treloar :Is it true that mantles were made for id ? —Complainant : Yes ; the whole of the sewing was done for a penny, and that, too, of fashionable mantles sold for £s.—An order was made at once for the claim, with costs, £1 los. lop. The decision was received with applause.

The Royal Laundresses say Critchley's "STARCH GLOSS is unequalled for imparting a beautiful finish to starched linen, ac., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr. —, Corn- wall, says My wife will not finish our linen without your " Starch Gloss." From Mrs.—, Bradford:— "Dear sh • I am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used In every house. Sold at id., 3d., and 6d., by most starch selless. If not in stock will procure it. T. ORITCHLEY. Biackburn. P.marietor.—Advt. It is announced that the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank, whose head offices is in London, has suspended payment pending reconstruction , The liabilities are stated at about £8,000,000. Owing to the depression in the coal trade there are 10,000 miners and pit lads out of work in Durham.

KAY'S TIC PILLS. specc in Neuralgia. Face-ache. 9fd andldid. ; postage id. Ot all Chemists..--4dvt.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. SATURDAY. APRIL 15. 1893. AT OUR LOCAL CLIURCHES.

THE P.S.A. AT WYCLIFFE. The P.S.A. meeting held in Wycliffe Church, on Sun- day afternoon, was well attended. The chair was oc- cupied by Mr. Kerry, who delivered a brbf address. Mrs. S. W. Jeffery and Miss N. Roberts contributed solos in an excellent manner. Mr. Boreland, Liverpool, in the course of an address dwelt on the evils of indulging in intoxicating drink and gave some distressing inci- dents which had come under his own personal notice in Liverpool. Twenty-one new members were enrolled, making a total of 459. Several persons signed the pledge. THE CONGREGATIONAL MARTYRS OF 300 YEARS AGO.—SERMON BY THE REV. J. YONGE.

The Rev. John Yonge preached a special sermon in Wycliffe Church on Sunday evening, dealing with the celebration of the Congregational martyrs of 300 years ago, Barrowe, Greenwood and Penry, who were executed for their Congregational principles in April and May, 1593. There was a large attendance. Mr. Yonga took his text from Acts IV. part of 19 verse, and chapter 5, part of 29 verse. "Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God,judge ye." " We ought to obey God rather than men." The rev. gentleman said these were apostolic utterances, and should therefore entirely commend themselves not only' to their acceptance, but also to the acceptance of those who claim exclusive apostolic authority for their church and their creed. They were also Nonconformist utter- ances, wherefore Nonconformity to unrighteous enact- ments whether of church, or state, or both, and refusal to conform conscience to mere human authority was apostolical. It surely must appear strange that churches loudly as- serting their apostolical origin and succession should, in course of their history, have so stubbornly constituted Nonconformity to themselves, both a sin against God, and a crime against society. They were reminded by the martyrdoms of 300 year ag,), which they commemor- ated that day, that such had been the case. In these days physical martyrdoms of prison, gibbet, and stake were no longer possible, yet, still, they had to face the indisputable fact that in many places and ways, even in this country persons whose consciences preclude them from conforming to the worship and creeds of the state church were subjected to many social and personal dis- abilities and disadvantages. Even at this very day,i Nonconformity is proclaimed from Episcopal pulpits as an " awful error " and a guilty " schism," and such as persist in their Nonconformity are regarded as only shielded from eternal catastrophe by the uncovenanted mercies of God. It has neen properly held most desir- able that our Congregational people in all parts of the world should be invited to ce'ebrate the 300th annivers iry of the three principal confessors of our Congregational faith. Not alone that the men who as nobly suffered, I deserve to be held in everlasting remembrance ; but be- cause it is much more desirable that our people ot to- day, specially our younger people, should be reminded of what it cost our Congregational ancestors to secure this religious freedom, which we, their posterity enjoy. This ter-centenary of the martyrdom of Barrowe, Green- wood and Penry is an occasion therefore that may serve a useful purpose, if it succeed in rendering newly con- spicuous the meaning of Congregational Nonconf • rmity, and the holy baptism of noble Christian blood which consecrated its earliest years. It has been alleged by the Rector of Warrington that they were not martyrs for their opinions, but that they were executed for criminal offences against the peace and safety of the kingdom. Speaking of Robert Browne, who about 1570 was the first to bring the Congregational view into prominence in this country, Mr. Willis, stated as a result of his teaching " plots of all kinds were incited against Queen Eliz ibetti, and five independents were hanged. Two men (and Mr. Willis should have said that these had been clergy in his own church), Thacker and CApping were hanged in 1583, and three othere, Barrowe Greenwood, and Penry were hanged in 1593 ; but" added Mr. Willis "I want you ..o note that they were punished by the State, not by the church: they were punished by the State for seditious language against the Queen." The Rector is simply there declaring the Anglican position upon this, to them, very awkward and embarrassing event in English his- tory. He does not bring forward any evidence what- ever, in support of his allegation. Being himself, as he most frankly states. thankful for the doctrine of church authority, he wishes his people to accept English history as he, their priest and pastor may give it them. They (the Congregationalists) however, who don't owe any ecclesiastical allegiance to the Rector, may respectfully decline to accept as accurate, even from him, that which is not historical. History candidly read, makes it clear thaz these three men were not, as the Rector alleges, traitors to the Queen and country, but martyrs for their religious beliefs, instrumentally sacrificed, no doubt, by the hand of the civil power, but really slain at the will and instigation of thedominant church. Now rightly to grasp the position of 300 years ago, the date of these executions, consider what led up to it. It was just at the point in English history, when the combined power in matters in religion of Priest and Prince had become intolerable, that our spiritual ancestors, longing for religious liberity, fell back on the principles of Congrega- tionalism. 'Tnose principles admit in matters religious, the intervention of no priest, and refuse the intervention of any prince. This was the time of the re-discovery of Congregationalism. Congregationalism itself is as old as Christianity. But speaking now of Congregationalism in England, it undoubtedly sprang, at this period, from Puritanism. The Puritan party arose in the days of Edward VI within the established church, and was com- posed of men longing for simplicity of faith and ritual, and strongly protesting against the Romish doctrines and ceremonies which yet infested the Reformed Church. On June 19, 1567, a company of Puritans assembled in Plummer's Hall, London, and were broken in upon by the authorities and the leaders sent to prison. This company had been already constituted a Congregational Church, and was the first in this country of which there is any record. In 1571, a Puritan clergyman, n-imed Robert Brown, succeeded, however, in collecting several congregations in and near Norwich and established them on Congregational lines. Be afterwards, with 60 others fled to Holland and there formed a church. There also he published a book, proclaiming his ecclesias- tical principles. Having suffered many years on account of them, he at length recanted them and returned to his former allegiance, to the Anglican church. Although, however, the leader abandoned his prineioles, his follow- ers clung to them and promoted them. Thus the Tollovrere of Brown were men of truer, and nobler type

_ than Brown himself, among whom were the two clergy- men referred to by Mr. VVillis in his lecture, Elias Thacker and John Copping. They were convicted in June 1583 for dispersing the books written by Robert Brown and Robert Harrison. Copping was further accused with having said that the Queen was perjured. Here then we have the whole amount of the plot against the Queen, for which according to the Rector, the State and not the church put these men to death. Their only offence was a protest against the Queen's supremacy as gover- nor of the church in these realms. In all other respects these clergymen were as loyal to the crown and rule of Elizabeth as Mr. Willis himself is to the crown and rule of Victoria ; and also they were men "Sound in the doctrinal articles of the Church of England, and of unblemished lives." We are justified therefore, in declaring that it is a defamation of the memory of loyal Christian men, who actually as Neal says "died by their principles "to speak of them as hung, not for their opinions, but on account of sedition against the Queen. Our chief business, however is with the three other men, who have been similarly branded as traitors by the Rec- tor, but who are recorded as martyrs for principle upon the page of history,namely Henry Barrowe, John Green- wood, and John Penry. After givieg a short biography ef the three martyrs, and their trials, and imprisonment Mr. Yonge said for six years in prison Barrowe and Greenwood employed themselves in writing on scraps of paper as they had the chance, tracts setting forth their views. But were not these tracts dangerous? Di i thew not preach sedßition and treason? Nothing of the kind- ! 'inn writers, arrv- and Greenwood, expressly ,-.>dis- avowed all part in any move:J....a IL.. actuodelllug State Church. " Our purpose" said they "is not to meddle with the reformation of the State, otherwise than by our prayers to God and refraining from all things that are not according to God's law." They simply declared in their tracts their distinctive doctrine concerning the church of Christ. At length, Barrowe and Greenwood, along with three others, were put on their trial at the Old Bailey, in London, " for writing and publishing sundry seditious books and pamphlets, tending to the slander of the Queen and Government. This, as was well known at the time,was simply a ruse of Archbishop Whitgift's, to pass the odium of their intended death from himself to the civil power. As a writer of the period says, "though Mr. Barrowe and Mr. Greenwood were condemned for dis• turbance of the State,yet this would have been pardoned and their lives spared, if they would have promised to come to church." Sentence of death was passed on March 23, whereupon sundry ecclesiastics were sent to persuade them to recant. They were not, however, the men to buy liberty, or even life at the price of soul and conscience. The authorities next tried the influence of actual confronting with death, and so sent them to Tyburn,the place of executien where they were tied each by his neck to the gibbet, as though directly to be exe- cuted. In that posture they were told; to speak to the people ; which they did, protesting their byalty to the State, and praying heaven to bless both Queen and country. Just as they finished and were expecting in- stant death,a reprieve arrived from the Queen, and they were carried back to prison. On April 6, they were suddenly once again sent to Tyburn and hanged. At the place of execution they gave such testimonies of unfeigned piety and loyalty to the Qtieen, that even the chaplain who had attended their last moments reported their words to the Queen. She repented that she had permitted their death. And well she might. For no one knew better than the Queen how these men had been sacrificed for no crime, but only because they had dared to hold conscientious religious opinions in defiance of all human interference. John Penry, a Welshman, was also put to death about a month later. Pa 1592, he finally abandoned his connection with the Church of England and joined the Congrentionalists in South walk. All his movements were watched, his enemies were bent upon his death, and cnly waited the opportunity that should give him into their hands. That moment came on March 22nd, 1593. His arrest was

made at Stepney by the help of the Vi- car of the pariah. Now this young Christian's indict- ment before his judges was laid not upon any book he had published or any word he had spoken, but upon matters gleaned from some private notes found by the Archbishop's officers among his papers. They were notes of a draft petition to the Queen, upon the state of re- ligion, and claiming toleration in matters of faith and worship. These notes were construed into treason, and on May 21 he was convicted, on May 25 he was sen- tenced, and four days later he suffered the martyr's death. The whole thing was grossly illegal then, and could never be possible now. The sorrowful thing is that good men can be found, such as the Rector who can bolster up this unrighteous and intolerant deed by calling it a sentenc,e for treason. It was nothing of the kind. Penry died a martyr for his faith, which is our faith. Surely what these men could die for, we can live for! To forsake the scriptural Congregational iaith,and the Nonconformist freedom, in order to take up with a sacerdotal and Romanising and State, enthralled church would be to forsake liberty for bondage—to put our religious clock back 300 years.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
MAG-AZIN.EB, &c.

--- The first monthly part of a new illustrated edition of " Picturesque America" was issued on the 27th March, by Messrs. Cassell and Co., who naturally consider the occasion most opportune for the introduction of a pictorial delineation of American life, and scenery, in consequence of the keen interest likely to be aroused by The World's Fair in everything American. The work when complete will contain 48 steel engravings, and several hundred engravings on wood, from original drawings prepared specially by artists, who were com- missioned to visit the most picturesque districts of the United States. The " Magazine of Art " for April is an excellent number, the principal article in it being a description by Mr. Ryles, of Temple Newsam, Mrs. Meynell Ing.ram's famous house near Leeds. The frontispiece is an Original Etching, called " Shere," by Percy Robertson, R.P.E., a beautifully soft, and realistic picture. Along with these are several attractive papers on other sub- jects, all well-written and profusely illustrated. Another capital shillingsworth is " the Portrait Gal- lery," containing cabinet-size portraits of Dr. Hubert Parry, Miss Marim Terry, and Mr. Bernard Shaw, each photograph being accompanied hy a biographical sketch. We have also received " The Quiver," " Cassell's Magazine," and " Little Folks," each one specially at- tractive, and the very best of its kind. For the scienti- fically inclined there are issued in menthly parts— " Figuier's Popular Scientific Works." "Our earth and its story," " Science for all," and " Storehouse of general information," all by Cassell and Co., who cer- tainly endeavour to please the public taste in every direction. "The Century Magazine" for April opens with an article on "The Chicago Anarchists of 1886," written by the judge who presided at the trial ; the principal events connected with it are illustrated, and portraits given of the principal men concerned in it. There is also a most interesting biographical sketch of Margaret Fuller, and another one of Queen Anne. Charming bits of verse, complete stories, serials, .te., all combine to make the magazine popular and instructive. The Newspaper Press Directory 'for 1893, issued by Messrs. C. Mitchell and Co., the well-known advertising contractors, London, is a wonderful compilation to be sold for two shillings. It net only contains a full list of English, Scotch and Irish newspapers, and periodicals but also of Colonial, Indian, and Continental publica- tions. It contains, in addition, a good deal of literary matter, including articles on the' The Rights and Liabilities of Newspapers ' and Digest of Statutes relating to the Newspaper Press,' and ' A Short History of the Australian Press.' There is also an admirable newspaper map of the United Kingdom.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
WESLEYAN FOREIGN MISSIONARY ANN IVE RSA.RY.

The Wesleyan Foreign Missionary Anniversary, was held in Bold-street Chapel, Warrington, cn Sunday and Monday. On Sunday the Rev. T. G Seib, of Garston, (late of China), preached in the morning and evening, and on the following day a meeting was held in the chapel. Mr. W. Gleave occupied the chair at the meeting, and he was supported by the three circuit ministers, the Rev. T. G. Selby, Rev. T. Moscrop from Ceylon, Dr. Starkey Smith, and Messrs. W. Silcock, E. Richard- son and W. Bennett. Tile proceedings were opened by a hymn, followed by prayer by Rev. T.Ross. The Rev. A. Freeman then read the annual report. He was glad to Bay that last year there was an increase in Warrington alone of £4 8s 51 Miss Henrietta Brown had collected £6 45., Miss Freeman £l5 Os 6d, and Miss Weaver £8 6s 6d. From public collections they had re- ceived from Bold-street £3l 19s scl; Bewsey-road £l5 Os 7d ; Moore £l5 25..; Whitley £6 15s 9d ; Antrobus £6 14s 91; Appleton £B9s 3d ; Padgste £26 14s 3d ; Hatton £7 18s 2d ; Latchford £5 7s 3d ; Martinscroft £2 Es 2d ; Sankey Bridges £7 15s 7d ; Mill Lane £2 12 91; Stockton Heath £2 Be sd. These, with money from other sources made a total for the circuit of £246 6s 9d, being an increase of £ll 8s 7d on the previous year. The money collected by children was also larger during the past year than, with one exception, during the past•ten years. Mr. Freeman closed by a reference to the late Mr. Wm. Barlow. They met that night, he said, under the shadow of a great loss. A voice long familiar at the foreign missionary anniversaries was missing. Mr. Wm. Barlow had been for many years in the office of circait treasurer for foreign missions. In the capacity of secretary he (Mr. Freeman) was brought into frequent contact with Mr. Ba- rlow, and could bear witness to the courtesv,promptitude and thoroughness with which he discharged the duties of his office. Mr. Barlow had held other positions of useful- ness in the church. He had been a willing contributor to the funds of the society, and in many ways showed his sympathy with its operations. His sudden death was admonitory to all.—The Chairman expressed his hearty sympathy with the objects of the meeting, and wished the foreign missions every success.—Rev. T. G. Selby next addressed the meeting. He said he represented one of the most difficult of all the mission fields in which they were called to labour. Part of the difficulty was political, and the people of this coun- try could do something towards lessening it. He had no faith whatever in the man who professed his strong- est sympathy with the proclaiming of the gospel to the heathen, and yet at the same time gave his vote to the pledged itself to keep up a temple of ini- quity y which ic thhat of the opium trade. They ought never to let their prayers and votes go against each other. The English were not the first to introduce the trade into China, but they were the first to force it npon the Chin- ese. This caused great difficulty to the missionaries who went there, as the Chinese knew perfectly well that when the missionary came, by and by the merchant would follow in his footsteps, and that meant increasing facilities for the opium trade. Another prejudice against white people was caused by the French miBsionarieslwho were hacked by the French Government, and interfered frequently with the rights and privileges of the Man- darins. The Chinese also, could not forget that the English had fought them and beaten them, and It was always a difficult task for a missionary to go among a con- quered people. But in spite of all these draw-backs, the number of Christians in China was increasing, and he Noked for great results in a very few years. The Rev. T. MOSCROP, who has only arrived from Ceylon a few weeks ago, gave an interesting account of the Buddhists of Ceylon, and spoke encouragingly of the mission work in Ceylon. He said that the Buddhist faith had been tried, and been found wanting. The Christian religion supplied what was wanted,and it was spreading over the island. On the motion of the Rev. A. FREEMAN, second- ed by Dr. Starkey Smith, the following gentlemen were elected to the local missionary Committee t—secretaries, Rev. A. Freeman, and Mr.R. Smith ; general committee, Dr. Starkey nw;th. J.P., Messrs. g Seaman, J. Bennett, %V. Uleave, W. Hickman, J. Shaw Green, J. W. Hay- ward, J.P.,C. H. Kerry, W. Y. Lawton, W. G. Nicholson E. Richardson, J. Summersgill. J. Taylor, and E. Wea- ver. The treasurer in the place of the late Mr. Wm. Barlow has not yet been appointed. A vote of thanks to the collectors, deputation, choir, and chairman closed the meeting.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
WIN WICK DISTRICT TECHNICAL

INSTRUCTION COMMITTEE.

A meeting of the Winwick District Technical Instruction Committee was held on Wednesday, in the B ewsey Chambers. Mr. J. C. Sutton, C.C., pre- sided, and read letters apologising for their absence from the Rev. G. F. Roberes, Rev. J. J. Langham, and the Rev. A. M. Mitchell, and Mr. Chas. Parker, Penketh. After a few opening remarks by the Chairman, Mr. S. Sutton (sec.) read his report, which stated :—"The classes upon the whole have been fairly well attended. The ambulance, chemistry, and cookery classes had been particularly so. In some ot the centres there has been a failing off in the dress- making classes, but probably this is due to the fact that the population of rural districts fluctuates very little, land that pupils in good attendance the previous session have with but a few exceptions, failed to rejoin." The secretary further read an elaborate tabulated statement of the classes in each division,giving the attendance and other details. He also read a return of the expenditure and liabilit'es incurred in each centre during the session and a general financial statement showing the total thereof to be a little more than £23B.—Mr. Dignum said that the classes might be viewed all round as satisfactory, and that the benefits resulting would show the money to have been well spent. In alluding to the falling off in the dressmaking classes, he considered that the secre- tary's explanation was correct.—The Rev. Canon Pen- rhyn concurred.—The Secretary explained that whereas Burtonwood in the previous session could not be stirred, it had now become the strongest and almost best. attended centre.—Votes of thanks were passed to the 1 treasurer, Mr.Dignum,and other officers, and after some further routine business, the meeting ended.

LINUM CATTIARTICUM PILLS, agreeably aperient, 90.,130. 28. 9d. Of all Claemista.—Adat.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0043.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_18930415_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
I- r,-

VESTRY MEETINGS.

ALL SAINTS' MISSION, WARRINGTON. The annual meeting in connection with the above mission, which is a branch of St. Paul's Church, was held on Monday morning in the vestry of the church in ' Hoyle-st.,the Vicar (the Rev.H.V.Pigot) in the chair,and there were also present,amongst others,the Rev.T. M. R. Young-Hughes (curate), and Messrs. P. Sudlow and T. Worley (sidesmen). Mr. Worley (people's warden) presented a statement of accounts for the past year, which showed that there was a small balance in hand. The Vicar nominated Mr. P. Sudlow as his warden, and Mr. Worley was appointed parishioners' warden, with Mr. J. Butler and Mr. Wm. Hall as sidesmen. Votes of thank' were passed to the chairman and to the wardens for their services, and the proceedings terminated. CHRIST CHURCH, LATCHFORD. The Easter vestry of Christ Church, Latchford, was held on Saturday evening. The Rev. B. B. Prescott (vicar) occupied the chair, and there were present— Messrs. John White, John Fairclough. John COXOD, Jas. Lowe, W. Starkey, F. Lowe, R. Gorton, J. Lee, S. Reynolds, Longbottem, Margett, and Burgess. Mr. Coxon (vicar's worden) presented the accounts for the year, which showed that the offertories amounted to £221 Is. 2d. and the total receipts £249 Is. 9d. The year was commenced with a balance to the bad of £2l is. 5d., which was now reduced to £2O 4s. 7d. The accounts were passed. Mr. Coxon was re-nominated as vicar's warden for the ensuing year, and Mr. S. Rey- nolds parishioners' warden for the ensuing year. Messrs. J. P. Reynolds and John Fairclough were re-elected sidesmen. Mr. John White and Mr. Edward Greenall were re-elected delegates to the Diocesan Conference.— Mr. Coxon stated that the repair fund in connection with the church, which some years ago was overdrawn to the extent of some hundreds of pounds, had now a balance of £42 available for church repairs. (Hear, hear.) The trust was vested in the hands of Colonel Greenall, the Rector cf Grapoenhall, and Mr. Edward Greenall. A short discussion having taken place on the subject, it was decided to depute Mr. John White and Mr. Coxon to wait upon Messrs. Greenall and Buckton, solicitors, to endeavour to secure a copy of the deed dealing with the trust. ST. MARY'S CHURCH, SANKEY. The annual vestry meeting of this church was held on Thursday night. in the Sunday school, the Vicar, Rev. E S. Jackson, in the chair. Among those also present were Messrs. Millington (vicar's warden), W. P. Skelton (people's warden), Mourn, Aitken, Newcomb, Travis. Foster, and R. Boardman. Mr. W. P. Skelton submitted, the annual statement of accounts,which showed that the ' iwome had been £276 Us. 10d., from which there was a balance of £72 2s. 10d. The offertory had beea £l9l 7s sd. against £236 3s. 2d. the previous year, but this difference was almost entirely owing to the past eccles- iastical year being shorter than the previous one. Owing to the prevalence of the smallpox epidemic, they had not had their parochial t3a, which meant a loss of about £lB. A number of old debts had also been paid off, so that he considered the balance very satisfactory. The total attendance in the morning at churcti during the year had been 17,309, an average of 346 per Sunday ;in the evening 19,456, an average of 385. The number of communicants during the year was 1,019. The accounts were passed on the motion of Mr. Foster, seconded by Mr. Nawcomb. The Vicar expressed his regret that Mr. Mdlington's term of office had expired, and he hoped that his next warden would give him as much satisfac- tion. He nominated Mr. Wm. Taylor, of Great Sankey, as Vicar's warden ; and Mr. W. P. Skelton was re-elected people's waraen. The following gentlemen were elected sidesmen .—Messrs. Dignum, Foster, Tvl lington, Hatton, Loneshaw, Fairclough, Woodward, Warburton, Aitken and P. Dumbell. Messrs. Dignum and Aitken were chosen as lay representatives at the ruri-deaconal con- ference. Mr. R. Boardman was re-elected sexton. A vote of thanks to the choir and organist was passed on the proposition of the Vicar. A discussion on general church matters followed and the proceedings then termi- nated.

THE PARISH CHURCH, WARRINGTON. The annual vestry meeting: for the parish of Warring- ton was held on Monday evening in the National School- room, Church-st., the Rector (the Rev. F. W Willis) in the chair. There was a large attendance,which included Councillor R. T. &Lirelough (rector's warden), Mr. Alfred Woods (people's warden), the assistant clergy of the parish, and Mr Henry Brown White (vestry clerk). Mr. Alfred Woods in submitting the warden's account, said that at the end of last year, there was a deficit of £315 is. 91., which arose on account of the attentiBn which had been paid to the fabric of the church, which had been neglected for many years. Last year had been a bad year in " Warrington, owing to the epidemic and depression in trade, but they had done very well. An immense amount of work had been done, but the excess ot expenditure was only 88. 24. over the previous year, thus making a deficit of £315 9s. lid. The offertories realised £5OB 9s. 11d., the tea party £29 10s. 10d.' and the church rate £8 10s. Bd. The balance of £34

I imeral others. A hearty vote of thanks was given to ' the Chairman, and a very sitisfactorylmeeting was closed with the benediction. ST. AMBROSE, WIDNES. The annual vestry was held on Monday evening under the presidency of the Rev. G. A. Le Bert. There was a good attendance.—Mr. Johnson submitted the statement of accounts which showed the total receipts for church expenses to be £134 lls. 11d., and the expenditure £l4l Is. Bd., so that there was a deficit balance of £6 13s. 9d. The year commenced with a deficit of £9 7s. 10d. The accounts were passed.—The Vicar again nominated Mr. Henry Johnson as his warden and on the motion of Mr. Minton seconded by Mr. W. Smith, Major Waring was unanimously elected people's warden.—The following gentlemen were elected sidesmen :—Messrs. J. Ashall,A. Bennett, R. Dickenson, W. Booth, T. Forster, E. Hard- man, W. Smith, J. Latham, J. Edwardson, J. Goff, D. Hurst, J. Holland, J. Hutchinson, S. Kidd, F. H. Pank- hurst, J. Patten, R. Riley, J. Shuttleworth, C. A. Sed- don, Knowles, R. Campbell, and A. Leys.—Messrs. A. Bennett and W. Christie were appointed lay representa- tives. In answer to inquiries it was stated that the estimate for the vicarage was £1,409, but extras had , brought the total cost to £l,BOO. Votes of thanks were accorded to the various officers of the Church, and a hearty welcome was extended to the Rev. EL E. Samp- son, the curate.

THE JERUSALEM B A.Z A. AR AT

WAR RINGTON GYAINASI IT3I.

" Are you going to the Jerusalem Bazaar 2" was a question which has. been very much asked during the week, and it has, it may be said, been very much answered ha the affirmative. The bazaar which has been organized and arranged by the Roman Catholics of the town was opened on Tuesday afternoon. It represents a Street of Jerusalem and has been fitted up with a consider- able amount of artistic skill, which does credit alike to those who have had to do with the arranging of the stalls, and those who have had to do with the difficult task of building the temporary shops. The effect produced was very striking, especially during the evenings when under the influence of the electric apparatus supplied by Mr. Morton. The stalls have all been stocked with a great variety of articles supplied by the ladies. The ladies indeed, have undoubtedly played the chief part in the whole affair, for the teeming display of saleable goods on the stalls was alone an eloquent testimony of their generous labours. During a speech which he made, Father Cody in alluding to the work of the ladies, facetiously said " they have hitherto been doing the sewing, and now let us hope they will reap the harvest." And had they not reaped a harvest—and a very satisfactory one—it would not have been because they did not throw sufficient zest into their work ; it would have been because the gentlemen were disinclined to become the source from which the harvest , was to be reaped. But the gentlemen, and also the ladies who commanded exchequers, were generous ; and under the soothing refrains sent down from the gallery by Mr. Down's band, they "considered not the lucre" when pressed to purchase anything from a gipsey table at a stall,to a ticket for a raffle. Indeed,as Father Craven put it, in some of his remarks" what chloroform is to a man who is having a limb amputated, that is music to those who buy at a bazaar."

XSTOP ONE MOMENT! "OH! DEAR, DOCTOR, MUST MY DARLING DIE ?" THERE IS VERY LITTLE HOPE, BUT TRY TUDOR WILLIAMS'

PATENT BALSAM OF HONEY, TIIRIIE IS NO MORE TRYING SEASON FOR THE HUMAN CONSTITUTION THAN THE PRESENT WEATHER.

Beware of the sunshine in the day and the cold winds at nigh'. Should you catch a cold, nip it in the bud by taking the Certain Remedy,

TUDOR WILLIAMS'

BALSAM OF HONEY.

Thousands of Children have been Saved from an Untimely Death by the prompt use of Tudor Williams' BAlsam of Honey. No Mother should neglect to keen this Infallible Remedy in the house ready for any emergency. Remember that it is wiser to check a slight Cough at the commencement than to allow it to develop into a lingering complaint. Ask distinctly for Tudor Williams' Balsams of Honey,and see that you get the right article. Thousands of Children Cured from Whooptng Cough and Bronchitis when all other Remedies fail. Persons suffering from Difficulty of Breathing should

give it a trial. ~ NOW COMMENDED BY PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.

I When you are distressed with a miserable cold, nose bunged up. throat sore, limbs aching with a general feeling of smothering, a few doses of the Balsam of Honest will clear the wretched symptoms away, almost before you know it. There is nothing like it en the market ;it is thoroughly ig p to date; it trickles into all the system. A. true friend, prompt and reliable in its action. Just another word. When you ask or send for Tudor Williams' Patent Balsam of Honey, do not allow anybody to persuade you to purchase something else. If you do you simply throw off the genuine article aid take on with a false one. Wonderful cures Daily. Thousands of Testimonials to hand from all parts of the World.

SPONTANEOUS TESTIMONY. WORTHY OF YOUR CONSIDERATION.

Sir,—My wife desires roe to say that your Tudor Williams Balsam of Honey has proved a most valuable medicine In our large family (eight children). As soon as a cough or cold makes its appearance a dose of Tudor's B ilsam is at once administered, and this treatment is followed up until the cold tisappears. Before using the Balsam in our fami I v the child- ren have been prostrate with colds for several weeks, but now, by taking doses as directed, they seem to sisff-.,r very little ineOuVenience. During the short time the cold is upon thorn the action of the Balsam is marvellous, and the little onee take it readil3 and ask for more.—WALTER J. BRETT, CM.. Headmaster, Severn Tunnel Schciol, March 16th, 1892. PHYSICIANS HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT I

THERE LS NO REMEDY UNDER THIS CANIPY OF lIEAVEN equal to Tudor Williams' Patent Balsam of Roney for a Win- ter Cough. If your children or friends are losing their grip on life and scarcely able to breathe, they should try Tudor Williams' Patent Balsam of Honey. For weak-chested men, ielicate women and children It cures when all other remedies fail. It cures Cough, Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma:rightness of die Chest. It cures thousands of children of Broachitis, and Whooping Cough. it cures tor one 'shilling when pounds have been spent in vain. Do TRY IT. You WILL NEVER REGRET IT

===== 0002601_18930415_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
TYE STALLS.

With regard to the stalls, it would be invidious to mention any particular one, for each showed how ener- getic had been the efforts to make it a source of revenue. One stall was in charge of Mrs. Voisey and Miss Unsworth, assisted by Mrs. Caldwell, Mts. Roberts, Mrs. Adams, and others ; another, the Mount Carmel, we- presided over by Wss O'Connell and Miss Fitzpatrick, assisted by Miss Gibbons, Miss Mather, Miss McCoy,Miss Hewitt, Miss Richardson, Miss Toole, and Miss White- head. A third stall, the Children of Mary, wa.s superin- tended by the Misses Webster and Miss Jones, assisted bs Miss Norris, Miss Finningliam, Miss Lowe, Miss Mc:file, ' Miss Lawton, and Miss A. Lowe. A ifth stall wa, attended to by Mrs. Cavanagh and Mrs. Lynch, assisted by Mrs. Boyle, Miss Knight, Miss Cavanagh, the Misses Boyle, the Misses Kneen, Miss Beaman, Miss M. Pier- point, and Miss Kelly. An advertisement stall, containing a very miscellaneous collection of goods, was looked after by Mr. Turner, assisted by Miss McCoy, Miss Bradshaw, Miss Stirrup, the Misses McClue, and Miss Warburton. The flower stall, on which were some pretty floral specimens which found ready purchasers, was in charge of Miss A. Caldwell, and Mrs. Knowles, assisted by Miss Gleave. the Misses Brierley, and others. At the refreshment stall were Mrs. R. Houghton, Mrs. Warren. Mrs. Marsh, Miss Houghton, Miss Corney, Miss Carroll, Miss Hind, and Miss Cunningham, while Mr. H. Bowe.n, of the Old Coffee House, and Miss Bowen were in charge of the bar. At one stall there were thorns from Bethle- hem, similar to those with which Jesus was crowned ; sandal wood from Bethlehem and also from the house of Pontius Pilate at Jerusalem, and shells from the Rivei Jordon. The arrangements for the bazaar were in every way very satisfactory, thanks to the care which hao been bestowed upon them by Mr. L. Voisey, jun., and Mr. H. Houghton, hon. secretaries; Mr. C. H. Unsworth, , hon. treasurer, and the other members of the Committee.

from the previous years accounts for the heating apparatus had been cleared off. Then there was the churchyard wall improvement, taking the doors down, as they were falling to pieces owing to the smoke and dirt which had been pouring on them ever since the church was restored, 30 years ago.—Mr. S. Davies moved the adoption of the accounts, Mr. Ban- ner seconded, and the accounts were passed. The Rector appointed Mr.R. T. Fairclough as his warden, and Mr. A. Woods was unanimously re-elected people's warden. The following gentlemen were chosen as sides- men—Messrs. N. B. Percival, Wm. Gill, S. Davies, John Dewhurst, Thomas Mason, T. Moores, W. Price, James Scotson, John Walton, and James Craik ; and for the mission rooms : St. George's, Alderman Wright; and Bank-street, Mr. J. W. Taylor. Mr. H. B. White was re-elected vestry clerk, and Messrs. W. Mortimer and W. Coates were appointed lay representatives to the ruri-deconal conference. Mr. Alfred Woods remarked that the church rate at one time realised £7O a' year, now it only brought in £8 10s. Bd. This system was an antiquated and, and he contended that it was a little below their dignity to accept such a rate. (Hoar, hear.) Mr. Davies moved that the rate be abolished altogether. Mr. H. B. White seconded, and the motion was unanimously agreed to. A vote of thanks having been accorded to the auditors and to the ladies of the church, Mr. R. T. Fairclough proposed a vote of thanks to the Rector, the motion was seconded by Mr. Coates, ani supported by Mr. Percival, and Mr. A. Woods, the last-named remarking that the Bishop of Liverpool was so much delighted with the good work the Rector was doing in that parish that he offered to preach in the Parish Church some Sunday evening in July. He contended that such an offer spoke volumes for the work of the Rector. (Applause.) The motion was heartily agreed to. The Rector, who was received with loud cheers said he could not tell them how much he appreciated their kindness. He did not take credit for THE OPENING CEREMONY. anything that had been done ;he looked to those who The opening ceremony was performed by the Mayor worked with him, the clergy and the officers of the (Alderman Greenall), who was accompanied by Mrs. church. He regretted there was a debt on the church. Greenall. Amongst those present were the Rev. Fathers At the same time the money that had been expended had Feeney, Cody, Craven, and Sumner; Messrs. L. Voisey, been well spent. No one would like to see the house of W. B. Roberts, L. Voisey, jun., C. Unsworth, H. Rough. God neglected. He hoped they would have a different ron, R. I. Wynne-Jones, Dr. McFall, Dr. Adams, Dr. balance sheet to present at the next meeting. Making Fox, and a large number of ladies. allowances for the epidemic and bad trade, it was not Father Feeney said they had received several letters e.editable that the offertories should only amount to from kind friends who had intended to be there that day £5OO, they should reach £7OO at least. (Hear, hear.) but had not been able owing:to some circumstances over The meeting then ended. which they had no control. Amongst them were letters HOLY TRINITY CHURCH, RUNCORN. from the Most Rev. Archbishop Scarishrick,who enclosed The annual vestry meeting was held a few days ago £5; Lord Ripon, Lord Gerard, Sir Charles Russel, Mr. under the presidency of the Rev. A. W. Riley. There Weld Blundell, Mr. R. Pierpoint, M.P.,Mrs. S. Reynolds, was a good attendance. Mr. John Coxon, dm. Although he should leave it to the The Chairman read the following letter from the Vicar Mayor to speak of the object of the bazaar, he could not who is at present in the Holy Land : "Another Easter help saying that for many months they had been looking has come round, and again Church officials have to be forward to that day, and it gave him the greatest appointed. Those who served during the year gone by pleasure to welcome them to Jerusalem. (Hear, hear) did their duties well, kisdly, and efficiently. We all speaking of bazaars lie thought he was correct in saying worked amicably and harmoniously. In Mr. C. Timmins that that was the second Catholic bazaar that they had we have had a most indefatigable and zealous warden. attempted to get up in the town of Warrington, so that His heart has been in his work. He has done very much if any excuse need be made for their appealing to the for the Church's welfare, in which he is most deeply general public and their friends in VVarington it was interested. His anxiety is to see Trinity prosperous and something that out of 100 years they had been in the prospering. 11e and 1 nave co-operated most happily : town that was only the second time they had held a and I consider myself fortunate in having had such an bazaar in aid of any charity in connection with their excellent and agreeable warden. It is in mypower to church. The then May or of %Farrington (Alderman re-elect him. I am truly happy to think that he is Harrison) opened their first bazaar, and he was gratified willing toserve again. I have invited him to retain the that the present Mayor was about to open this bazaar. office, and lam thankful to say that he is agreeable. I (Applause.) He thought the whole town recognised that therefore elect Mr. Timmins as vicar's warden for the in Alderman Greenall they had an ideal Mayor. (Hear, ensuing year. I heartily thank those who have rendered hear.) He meant by that that he kept up the best kind service during the past year. I shall be pleased to traditions of the Mayoralty. Everything in the past that see them again in office, with the addition of any others was werth keeping and everything in the present that who may be selected. The election of people's warden was worth doing he felt perfectly sure Mr. Greenall was rests with the vestry, not with me. I trust that all willing to do and that was saying a great deal. More officials elected will work together for God's glory as than this, he was thoroughly impartial. He (Father harmoniously during the coming twelve months as did Feeney) had heard many say that the Mayor, as Mayor, those during the preceding year." knew no creed and no class. Anythingthat was for the The Warden submitted the accounts of the past year, of the town he had done as far as he possibly which showed that the receipts, inclusive of special could. gifts, amounted to £225 14.5. 10d. After the liabilities Applause) Father Feeney concluded by an appeal to those present to support the bazaar in aid of had been met there was a balance in hand of £1 9s 3d., the gymnasium to be held in a fortnight, the committee compared with one of £3B 10s. 4d., 12 months ago. The of the gymnasium hying very kindly let them hold accounts were duly audited by Messrs. J. H. Salkeld and J. Pearsm, alid passed unanimously—The Chairman, their's in that building previous to their own. The Mayor, who was warmly received, said it was referring to Church matters, expressed the pleasure at with much pleasure he accepted the invitation to open the increase of communicants, being more than any the bazaar. He learned from Father Feeney that the preceding year during the Vicar's ministry. Special re- object of the bazaar was to clear the debt now resting on ference was made to the Communion on Holy Thursday, the new sanctuary and altar of St. Alban's, lately opened. and the attendances at the whole of the special services i n ..,anzing at the room, he thought the sum required— were most encouraging. A unanimous vote £6so—would easily be raised. Be trusted it might be of thanks was , given to the choir and choir- done, so that the energetic helpers, by whose assistance master (Mr. Lancaster) for their excellent services, the stalls were well filled, and the roam so effectively and also to the whole of the church officials. The arranged, might feel well repaid for their labour, by re-appointment of Messrs. C. A. Timmins as finding at the end of the few days' sale, a sum not only vicar's warden, and Mr. Hankinson, sen., as people's sufficient to clear the debt, but also to leave a balance warden, gave great satisfaction to the meeting. The in hand. sidemen chosen were Messrs. H. Hankinson, R. The Rev. Father Cody proposed a vote of thanks to Kilcross, G. Hazlehurst, S. Harrison, T. Pearson, E. R. the ladies who had arranged the stalls. A glance at the Westbrook, E. Prince, W. E. Lea, and J. Savage. The stalls would show them how well and how earnestly the Church Cobncil selected were Messrs. W. Fisher, J. ladies had been working during the last four or five Horsefield, W. E. Lancaster, H. Coleburn, and the months. He thanked them not only on behalf of the whole of the sidesmen ; Messrs. J. Woods and J. Barri- clergy of St. Alban's,but also on behalf of the committee. son were elected to represent Mariner's Church. Mr. D. He wished to thank Mr. Charles Unsworth, Mr. Voisey, Smith was elected to represent Mill Brow Mission. Messrs. jun., Mr. Turner, and Mr. Houghton. and also those who W. and H. A. Hankinson were appointed the lay repre- had arranged the flower stall. Many of those who had sentatives to the Diocesan Conference. Hearty voites of given their labours were in no way connected with St. thanks were accorded to Mr. Wm. Hayes for his noble Alban's. (Applause.) Dr. Fox seconded, and votes of and genereus gifts, also to the Duke of Westminster, thanks were also passed to Mr. Down's band, on the Lord Egerton, Mr. T. S. Timmis (Widnes), Miss Ashton, motion of the Rev. Father Craven, seconded by Mr. C. Mr. J. Reynolds, Mr. G. Whiteley, M.P., Mr. W. F. Unsworth,and to the Mayor and Mayoress,on the motion Salkeld, Mr. S. B. Chadwick, Mr. C. A. Timmins, and of Mr. L. Voisey, seconded by Mr. W. B. Roberts.

krood

===== 0002601_18930415_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
TETE OBJECT OF TRH BAZAAR,

A word about the object of the bazaar. Within a very short space ef time the representatives of Roman Catho- licism in Warrington have made themselves manifest by the achievement of several striking additions and beauti- fications to their local churches. In addition to costly alterations which have been made to St. Mary's Church, Buttertnarket-street, and St. Mary's, Latchford, a new mission has been built at Bank Quay,and a site on which is to be erected a new church,in the same neighbourhood, has been purchased, and last, but certainly riot the least important, was the acquisition of the magnificent altar , recently opened at St. Alban's, Bewsey-street. Except with regard to the latter source of expenditure,no public appeal has been made for the monetary assistance. The 1 debt entailed by the erection of the new altar necessitated I this however, and so, f r the secood time in the history of the Roman Catholic Church in Warrington, it was decided to obtain the necessarymoney—E6so—by means of a bazaar. And from the thronged aspect of the" Street of Jerusalem," and the presence of generous purchasers at the commencement of the bazaar, it might reasonably be conjectured that the four days' sale would fulfil the object for which it was promoted. Father Feeney in con- templating the erection of the altar, was conscious of the great expense which was about to be entailed; but he was assured by b is congregation that although the sum was too much to be met by ordinary offertories, be might rest assured that if he would undertake the organization of a bazaar, all necessary support would be forthcoming.

THE INFIRMARY AND DISPENSARY BALL,

The annual ball in aid of the funds of the War- rington Infirmary and Dispensary was held in the Assembly Room, at the Lion Hotel, on Tuesday evening. The attendance this year was not so large as on previous occasions, due, no doubt, to the lateness in the season. The floor of the ballroom was all that could be desired. Extensive decorations have been car- ried out by the new proprietors of the hotel (Messrs. P. Walker and Co., Limited), which were further enhanced by the addition of flowers and plants. Dancing com- menced soon after nine o'clock and was kept u until early morning. The musical ail p arrangements were under the charge of Mr. R. H. Pearson. A splendid band of eight instruments, including a harp, was in attend- ance, and gave eveiy satisfaction. The ante-room and other rooms hut been decorated by Messrs. S. E. and It. Johnson. The catering was in the hands of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Taylor. The stewards were the Mayor of Warrington (Alderman E. Greenall). Captain E. Sker- rnw, and Mr. John White. Valuable assistance was • given by Mr. E. Gaskell Davies, who ably discharged the duties of hon. secretary. The following is a list of those present :—Mr. and Miss Andrews, Mrs. and Miss Blain, Mr. A. S. Bleckly, Mr. C. 11. and Miss Broadbent, Mrs. and Miss Brabazon, Mr. John Coxon, Mr. Cookson, Mr. It. H., Mr. A., and Miss Dun, Mr. (Land Mrs. Dodd, Mrs. Vere B. Davies, Mr. Davies, Mr. E. Gasket! Davies, Mr. Leonard G. Davies, Mrs. H. Dewhurst (Lostock Hall), Mr. Dewhurst, Miss Eldowes, Mr. A. and Mrs. Edelsten, Miss Few, Alderman Greenall (Mayor), Mrs. Greenall (Mayoress), Mr. Gilbert Greenall, Miss, and Miss Beatrice Greenall, Mr. R. S. Greenfell, Mr. W. B. Greener, Mr.H.Gin (Aitrincham), Mrs. Holden,Mr. Hag- man, Mr. and Mr. J. V. Hermon, Miss and Miss Amy Lit ion Miss Leigh ,Mrs. Lis, Mr.and MrsA.J.Pilkington. Mr. G. P. Mason, Miss Melville, Mr. Colin Maclver, Mr. H. P. Martimer, Captain Seel Molyneux (the King's Regiment), Mr. C. Nicholson Smtal Hall),Mr. W. Nelson (Hartford), Miss and Miss F. Nelson, Mr. H. C. Neilson, Mr•ELPilkingtonMiss, Miss P., and Miss G. Rylands, Mr. iv:l'. Ryland°, Mr. S. and MOO Reynolds, Miss L. Stubs. Miss Violet Schwabe, Captain skirrow, Mr. James, jun.. Mr. Hugh, and Miss Tinsley, Mrs. Tinsley (Banbury), Rev. F. C. Timins, Miss T. Throckmorton, Mr. Tilney, Miss Thomas (Frothhatn), Mr. and Mrs. John White,Mr. T.P., Mrs., and Miss Williamson, Mr. R. I. and Mrs. Wynne-Jones, Miss and Miss D. Wrigley, Mr. J. Whitley. Mr. Logan and Mrs. Wright, Mr. Wild.

MR. JABEZ BALE° U R'S EXTRADITION

DECISION OF THE ARGENTINE GOVERNMENT. BUENOS AYRES, WEDNESDAY.—T is" Times of Argen- tina "states that the British Ministm.'s request for the extradition of Mr. Jabez Spencer Balfour has been re- fused by the Government there, owing to the absence of an Extradition Treaty. The claim would have been granted were reciprocity in a similar case promised by the British Government, but the British Minister was uable to accept that condition, aad the negociations therefore dropped. A news agency states that it has received confirmation of the information that two ladies left England some weeks since to join Jabez Spencer Bilfour in the Argen- tine, but neither of these was Mrs. Balfour. This lady' as announced during the proceedings in the bankruptcy court in connection with the receiving order granted 'against the ex-member for Burnley, is confined in a lunatic asylum.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
BEAD WHAT PUBLIC MEN THINK OF IT.

" Hy Children's Cough and Bronchitis have been com- pletely cured on several (wagons by the c .I,,,brated Tudor Williams' Balsam of Honey. 'I he tight-breathing and pain in the chest and hoarseness they suffered was drea tful, but on taking the Balsam of Honey they had immediate ease. It 4cts like a charga on then. I am certain the more the Balsam is knowd the more it will be appreciate t. " I am, Sir, "Yours truly, " Alderman THOIMS PHILIP WHIM.' " Maesycwmmer." Via Cards/f.

Sold by all Chemists and Stores all over the World in Is. liti, ?.s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. bottles.

See you get th:: right article.

Sample Bottle Bent post paid for Is. 3d., 38., and 5.=., fr,-)m the Inventor.

D. TUDOR WILLIAMS, R.D.S.L.

MEDICAL MALL, ABERDA.EB, WALES.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
nRs. S. A. ALLEN'S

WORLD'S

El AIR RESTORER.

An absolutely perfect Hair Restorer and Dressing.

It is nrt a dye, but acts dirtctly on the roots of ihe hair, giv- ing them the natural nourishment required.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
-_.,...__.

COAGIILINE.—Coment for Broken Articles, 61. and. ls postage. 2d. Sold everywhere, home and abroad.—Adot A coroner's jury at Ilebburn-on-Tyne, on Wednesday, returne4 a verdict of" Wilful murder" against Patrick Hardigan, whose wife died on the Bth inst. from injuries alleged to have been inflicted by him rake. with a coal-

SHE USES THE RIGET SOAP.- Hudson's sap save her clothes. Anything washed with Hudson's Soap is thoroughly w ‘shed, therefore remains much longer clean.—A ±pure Dry Sow in fine powdor.— Advt. [ll

The Salford Town Counci! at its meeting on Wednes- day passed plans for tenements containing 68 model dwellings, intended to take the place of one of the most insanitary groups of buildings in the borough, which was condemned about four yeirs ago. The estimated cost of the buildings is £10,860. This forrils tho first portion of a large icheme the Corporation have in con- templation.

KAY'S COMPOUND Essence of Linseed, Aniseed, Senegat Squill, Tolu, /Lc., 90. Old., B,:e. 01 all Chemists.—Adet.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Lb r Ormuintr " &tries_

Lancaratela AED ,CEESHIEZ COUNTY NEWSPAPERS • Comprises rr Hlravrington wad Mid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- Usheflevery Saturday morning. E E arlestownand Newton Examiner, published ICH every, Pridarrafternoon. THE SCAVeletat Exatninir, published every Friday afternoon. rrHE litriaeorn Texaesiner, published every Saturday .1_ morning ; and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday morning.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. coining under the following heads are inserted in ALL the above-menbiemed Papers for ONE CHARGE, as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET. SITUATIONS VACANT, • PARTINERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED, MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES TOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, HOUSES AnD OTHER PREMISES TO BB LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2e. per insertion.

ElomtOttr Otrbantg, Ba.

W

'AN'rED,

I, a good GENERAL SERVANT.—AV Holly Bank. Latchford

NVAIITKD at once, clean. intelligent girl to train as COOK. liEcTog. Yelvertotr,

'WANTED, a strong Girl as GENERAL SERVANT.-41, Darncombe-St., Moss Side. Manchester.

WANTED, COOK GHNBRAL, where housemaid le kept No wahlag.—Mrs. THORP, Dobroyd, Tolkoorden.

1-100 X WANTID. also housemaid waitress. V ---,mg BEJJea REGISTRY, 2,

Darwen-st..

ynt, Blackburn,

generale,

VI BS SAVAGB requires all kinds of Servants.-9 ELECT 171 "BFAISTRT, 17, Great Western-street, WhaTiey Range, Mancisester.

WANTED, good General SERVANT, for farm bane. age about 25, Protestant.—Apply Mrs. BATHER, Fin& lane, We Derby.

NIVINTED, General SERVANT, family 3; housemaid kept; mu4t have good referenee.—Address 213, Ash- grove. Bradford. .

WANTED. SITUATION as Housekw-per, by steady, trustworthy middle-aged woman. —Address 12.,T7, Nall-streett Southport.

•QITUATION WANTED as Groom and Gardener, or STOOT : good r-terences.—Apply to G. R. irrlt, '6, St. Mary-1r ~13rithmort h.

U,TANTED. SITUATION, as Children's or Sewing-maid.; VI learnt Aressmaking —B.G., Wait Home, Thornhill- road."Hmt ersf leld.

NV-ANTI:O, a Servant GIRL from 16 to 18, must be a good tni Iker.—Apply Mn. BRNBOW, Walsh Vold Farm, Bradshaw. near Bolton.

TITSABGAGI SD. thorough good Plain COOK; understande rElairy load B king.—P. amintLn. Northern-grove. Albert Park, M anchever.

WANTBD, a thorcuigh COOK-GENERAL 4er a - private f 'aridly. aged between 20 and 30.—Addrese 12; Ssundere-etreet • Southport.

-W ANTED, ft thorough• GENERAL, about 22, elnltit witeh. : Ylnstilassze good character, Fretestant.-48, Wavertroe-road., Liverpool.

GIRLWANT ED, as IHothers' Delp ; atbout 13 years oti geed hor,,. for settable Girl --Addrele 13, ',Squat Ver- son-street, Lire rpool.

WANTED 14ervernt+ In all capaeitiea cvblic and private —Apply Mrs. DIOCROTT, 20, Queetast., Oldesr Regle try In fearboroa .gh —Lorigin2s.

rA InnintALs. 'plain Oenks. yonng Hettl,tlMllBll, • wantecl immediate'lv, goorltiome end wage .—Apply'Sanyairra Aoracc-C,O. Cho ritore-read. Manchester.

ADT wourd t ske eattire eharge of one ,e twoahildren per, ensmently. i e for Ph e hnlld.rys —seaside—highest refer- enees.---F. BRoW 11K, Amadei!, Lytham.

WANTFD as Ccal eirod MINERAL SICRTANT also ITURSP: ;t hree yonng children; aesistance given.— Mrs. PANRAN LED ITC Redles. Manchester

CIOACtIMAN.—• Wanted SITUATION.; 51} yawl' ehrrae; trr,rmarriecl. ;VW children, age 30.- Address A-IVErrit, Mope Bank, Chead' le. Warne. Manchester.

-- ALL SORTS of ierrarrts Wanted for public and aerate i-ifartircis.—Th. Ghearenteed Ladies' Peiristry and Home for Ooett Servants, 1.7. Stmkspere-s.. Manchester.

WANTED. reap( ietableGlßL as houxemaid, anclto• make herself gener ally useful ; ;am from 18 to Eo.—Apply Lammairr: Star Hot el, Couisboro', Rotherham.

WANTED, ,ituai ion sa COACHMAN or Groorn,Cosieh- man ; experie need; ;married age 3 ; geed Character. —Addr-ss.'CoscismA I. Carden Lodge, Malpas. Cheshire.

4 LAST strongly r toominencllll GARDllNlflies,gardener /I or ary plac,. of trust Si years excellent oharacter ; marrled.--MinonEs, n se Moss, Tr;fford Park, Nan Chester.

RBSPBCTARLE P 1 Ms WANTSD, as General HeT3,, te assist -rcldiess frith btelsework and plain cooking; treated srtfanSly ; CR e 20 :,zteite salary and referen. e.— Oldbury Tarn St. doh lee. Worcester.

-HIGHiCLASS LAD IS fiIItIISTRY for emsrvants. con- doefed,by Miss Jill'smai% Redd references. Parmalt% soleited, terms modemde, cooks, hoosemeids, nurses wanted immerliately. Address, 4. Bsoad-et., Ludlow.

JLI o..l3riNvo ICYNTERBLRY. Req.. whiles to reeom- . mend his Coachrman, thzrought. trustworthy FDA a good sPrvaat ;two years mcclient eharacter, and six years nrevions •. married. one chilcl.—AddresB DAVID liv4c‘B,:4, Nelson Plaeo,lPTeishpool.

~.1.1.•••••••••••••...

Co bt,Ltt.

pIiNKRIII. ',ROUSE, with stardsn ; also several °Mr:mos.—, Apply '.Ntri OBERT LassrE,,te.::...' ate agent, Marisa:, Gate- Chambers, 4..Varak,,eton.

910 LET, rttltlitailiES, in aant,raw: Wamngton, suitablefoi 1 small wnakzps.—AppiF ASET.III and Worms, Solioltorai. 56, Homesnarket-snr.eet, Warrington.

• -- - Sll°P and AM PILING, 55, Sieeey-st ifflunediabe ,poß- aessten. Altaining gro.er, also mill:Esser. pply Salcia.LND, au, litamtev-aos.d. Wars tag.on.

-LET, Hemeo,, Olegle Mount, Stockton Heath, RentQlB. ./1. Three bedroom parlour, rtOtlngar.xtm, krtehenamd.other ectrivenknces.—ltpc.:v W. BOSTQ3C.lereponl.

HOUSE AND GiaiDEN TO LBT, No, 4, Galisbury-pt„ rent '452. per =num. Captains tam parloars, kitchen, *c., *re+ real-ooms, w.c, And bah.—Apply a-mace AND warrington.

riNo B 1 LBT. isanaelst. 1893. No .1120 Lcgb-st,Earleetown. 1 a SIX RoOohed use ad Wztrks,two stony MO, 4C feet long. 5 large inir4m7s. Gas and water suitable for steam engine if rewired.. 7.la:ce horse • tabl. ,ex.d yard. ace.-IPW- , furtker part ienlare hipply to Mr. W. ELSON, Ns. 110, Leek- et., Barlestown,

3DaraitgA Vorttg, earto,aogg, Scr

HOOPER AND SIMMONS COACH' BITILDBRE, 6, SLATIIII-871T,EBT, LITURPCOL. High elate CAIRIAOII74L r.t Moderate Erieel. Good Stock to select from. ,Eatirastaiss,for Repairs giver/ {lO9. The beat

- - _ work only. Several Good Second-Ha:WI Broughams. flaunista. Victoria', Wagonettes...tad Phsetows. now for Sale or Sire.

rllO BE sona CHEAP. sevenal Broughasea, ad au, Ode J. Light-Coaches sultshile Weddinga. or Funerals ; Waggonettes. Mag Carta, Gigs, Phaetons, .0 ovegmess Cars, Le.„ also 2 or 3 small Waggorrottes, to hold six. one with hear; 2 Squan Fronted kaa:oms, Hean,eB, Nourning Coaches. and Salarm Funeral Bus3ea.—Apply IV. IL HAIGH. Bcelosall-road. Sheffield.

R. PALMER THE UNION CARRIAGE WORKS. LIMITED. 33 and 35, /Cito-avnierf W ray: , M Llscarszaa. GOLD MEDAL awarded for raceLlence of Destim and lifgh oboe Worknaanship, A large assoxtment of carriages on view. •""(T LANDAUS, BEOUGIJAMS, V ICTORIAS,Ac The New Caton Cart in Grrut. Variety.

CENTRAL CARRILGE WORKS. OieSORD-STRIBT. wA4RINGTOEf. JOHN KILDUIPF, COACII f.UILDER, Az.

ALL kind of ikbIIVATE or BUSINESS CONVEYANCES made to order. EAapairs nettiv and prompt:7 executed at reasonable charges. E'TIMATES GIVEN.

S kILSOPP & SON'S MILD AND BIL=It ALPS And D'AROI &SOWS CELF•I3II.I.T4D DUBLIN IiTOUT In 9, 18, and 3S Gallon Cask:, or Bottle. AGENT

PETER LEIGH, IifiIicSBMARKET STRBET. WARRINGTON.

CHEAP COAL. BARK QUAY COAL MOOT T. HALTON & CO.,

fld per cwt.

- _ COAL MERCHANTS, FACTORY LANB COAL YARD, WAtEINGTON. TER FRICES. IMMEDIATE D

10dprewt.

NOTE. --Pi' 1

Sdperowt.

10dprowt. IBLIVERY,

===== 0002601_18930415_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18930415_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
Sapartmtittisl jruntiObeb llouots, Scre

COUTIIPORT.--Yansished Detached PRIVATB Horan TQL.l3T,.,good gnr4als,s bedrooms. -35. Ash-et., near. SCLuke's Statins.

QOUTHPOR'T.—APARTMENTS, beautifully furnished; SJ central Ind moderate charges. comfortable home, bath, w.e.-8, Derby Road.

CEFN-Y•COED, COLWYN BAY.— House. Lodge, furnished or unfurnished, garden, field; let or sell; beautifully situated on hill.—SirowEix.

TlERBYSHlRB.—Comfortable Country APARTMBNTS In _LI beautiful and heAlthy loeality.—Apply H. Catrorr,Plne Apple Cottage. near Bakewell, Derbyshire.

RHYL —Comfortable APARTMENTS; close to church; mountain view ; five minutes' from sea at station ; terms moderate.—Apply Mrs. EVANS, I. Castle-view.

-PLR OP MAN. Good accommodation for visitors with or _L withc board.—Mrs. LINGARD (late Ot Warrington), York House. Castle Drive. Douglas (near the palace).

Torn. in the house of a Widow. furnished Sitting-room and Bedroom ; use of piano, also kitchen apartments, if desired. Terms moderate.—S9, Bewsey-st., Warrington.

BOURNEMOUTH . —Comfortable APARTMENTS on moderate terms, near Pier and Gardens. Good refer- ences and home comforts.—CAßlUNGl os, Wootton Gardens.

VALE OF CLWYD.—Comfortable SITTING ROOM and V Bedroom ; lovely scenery ; good fishing. Terms Inclu- sive. Iss. per week.—Address 8W.1.11T, Llanrhaiadr, near Denbigh.

‘II,LANYDON, Bull Bay, dmiwch, Anglesey.—To e Let, Furnished, Charming Seaside Cottage lt,sidence, bedrooms. two sitting rooms, kitchens, &v., tennis lawn; farm produce, boating.

tk.GIONT WANTBI)—E26 per quarter, paid weekly, Aid opening. Experience unnecessary. Specnnons free.-rAdiiress COMPO WORKS, Farnworth, Button.

OBACCONISTS commencing. hid. Guide (3d.) Hew to - commence. TOBACCONISTIe Ourvirrislo Co.. 186, Men- ton Roads London, Manager, Henry Myers. Est. 1866.

"ITOBACEONIBTS and those commencing should call or send J. for our P4ice. List. Competition defled.—GOLDßEll6.s, Waradoise-st., Livvrptol. Established IE6O.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWN„k'S CHLCRODYNE. THE OEIGINAL A.ND ONLY GENUINE. (111LORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be Use most wonderful sad valuable remedy ever, d-a- covered.

CRLORODYNE is the best remedy known far Coughs, Consumption; Bsonchitis, and Asthma. CHLORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal sliseases.—Diptheria, Fever, Crop, IILORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhea, and is the only -specific In Cnolera and Dysentry. . OBLORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks NJ of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. QIdLORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gla. Rheumatism, gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis,

From Dr. B. J. BouvroN lc CO.. Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use,of Chlorodyne in our practice lately, and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti- spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion In whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It Induces a feeling of comtort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advan- age over all other Sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after etreels. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he reoelved a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla, to the effect that Cholera Itad been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNB."—See Lancet . Ist December, 1864.

CAUTION.-BEWARE OF PIRACY AND 'MIT- . ATIONS.

-asuTlON.—Vice Chancellor Sir W. PAWS WOOD stated that Dr. J. CoLLia Muovrim was, undoubtedly, the inventor of CiILORODYNE' and that the story of the defendant FREE - :LAN. WAS deliberately untrue, which he regretted to sas •kad been sworn to.—See Times. 13th J"1y,1864. Sold in bottles at Is. 11d., 38. 93., and 4s. 63. None Is genuine without the words • DR. J. COLLIS BROWADCS CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony aocordpanies each bottle. 80LE MANUFIOTERERS.—J, T. DAVBNPORT, 33, Great Almast.,Aloomsbur7,l<onston.

CHIP POTATO APPARATUS; latest improvementa and in good condition ; Cheap.—Apply Holt, Regent-at., Runcorn.

1311ECIP11 foAnaking prepared food for rearing young canaries, 7 stamps.—A. STARKEY, 242 Green-lane, Walsall.

It ECIPB for si ver and copper p'ating, without battery, with instructions, le.—P. LiNTIN, 170, Freedom-rd., Sheffield.

EARTHENWARE.—Seconds, in crates, £2; best useful Goode, ; write for Iigts.—RLIILE WORKS PoTTICRY, Langton, Staffordshire.

EWE LLERY. Watches, Watch Materials, Cutlery. Ble-tre Plate.—Wholesale list, post free.—WRIGHT, St. Luke's- rd., Birmingham.

ON SALE, MANURE WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.-- Apply to J. lianaso, 16, Fenwiek-btreet. Liverpool,

OSALE.—A FRIED FISH and CHIP POTATO BUSI- NE'S. A good stand.—Apply TROMAIP LAWIIINDON, 19 Pinners Brow, Warrington.

11DREVEN HON OF CHOLERA. by wearing Suwon CRIEreS 1 Cholera and magnetic Reit combined, El each ; tend size, Castleton, Groamout.i.

T ARCH PAROIIS benutiful AUSTRALIAN ORCHIDS 1.4 posted on receipt 2s. 6d, Pest Office Order.--iLnewriAr, South Grafton. New south Wales.

Q MALL DRAPERS who . want drapery direct from the .warehOus- at Manchester, at owest prices, should write or call, patterns sent.- Top door, 2 , Dale-at,

TOR BALE. quantity of OLD MATERIAL, being cottaces 1 58, to 68, Coekliedge-laae must be remove at once, —Apply W. A. BISHOP and Co., Dial Mills, Warrington.

11101‘AMONTE " M.D " INJECTION Is guaranteed to 4.l..•effect a SAFE. IMMEDIATE and ABSOLUTE CURB of RECENT or CHRONIC CASES. NON-ASTRINGENT. NBFER FAILS. Only one bottle required. Per post Zs. RANONT and CO.. 15. Draper•st.. London. S.B.

TUB ir EXAMINER " STEAM PRINTING WORKS

BRWSNY STREET, WiLIIIRINOTON.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
gpaltss bp Pribate Ereatp.

Ogg, Voultrp, Zirr.

GGS, black red game. le. 6d. 13. prize bred.—Fixrcasa, Bkhop's Csstle, Shrorshire.

PuRE WHITE LEGHORN EGGS. 3s doz—free.—CßEASEY. • Park Farm, Walcot, Lincoln,

SI LVI4 R-6111,Y DO.,KING EGGS. 4s, sitting, unfertile repiseed if returned.—James PHILIPSON, Fell Foot, Staveley, Kendal.

E(GS from prize bred brown Leghorns. Bradbury and Anthony's guaranteed fertile 3s dozen free,—Mr. Tams- OUR, draper, Chelmsford.

TjaGS.—Plymouth Rock. Challenge Cup and 500 Prizes, lj &c. 6s. dozen free, unfertiles replaced.—FlTZßOY LLOYD Tittenweem, N.B. EGGS, Black Hamburghs, Smith's hens, first-elass laying strain, Cock Heaths champion strain direct, DALE, Washington Works, Burslem.

DUFF LEGHORN EGGS from splendid birds, Cooks and il., Lister-Kays strains, Sc. doz. ; Leghorn Rocks 2s. fid.— GIBSON, Dufton, Westmoreland.

(AN SALE—BGGS. Plymouth Rocks. (cup and first-prize 1.1 strain), Black Minorcas, Silver Wyandottes and Orping- ton's, 2s. 6d. per 13. J. G. PowNALL, Great Sankey.

EGGS from select pen black red game bantams, cock winner and grandson of first Birmingham, cost £25 from Ainscough ; 3s. sitting free.-31r. THURGUR, Chelmsford.

firottc46tonal.

ON E POUND out of every Thirty Pounds of Tea consumed in Great Britain to aold by BROOKE, BOND .4 CO.. LIMI FED.

Try to realise that startlinu truth. Think at the minions and masses of men, women and children in our teeming land and then remember that Brooke, Bond's supply one out of every thirty in those myriads with Tea. That fact is the best proof of value. FOR TWENTY YEARS we have sold far more tea in Lance- sutra and Yorkshire than any other firm. WE DO NOT FEAR competition and wecourt comparison, for our position is impregnable. WHY

===== 0002601_18930415_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
lIRCAUSH

we buy tor' cash" and s—eirriZ.;:-'7cash " many millions of pounds of Tea .very year; so we can sell and do sell every pound for the smallest profit. Moreov r, we deal In Tea on.y. It is plain indeed that a firm which devotes a I Its time and attention to Tea on y.and whose reputation depends on Tea alone, must give the Public the best possible value in Tea. _

WE EMPLOY the highest possible Experts, whose sole duties are severally to buy, to blend, and io sell Tea especially to snit the Public Taste, which we have anxiously studied day after day for two and twenty years. WE ASK you al o to realise that our gigantic business has been so long e,tablished, our trade is so vast, our reputation is so high, and we have altogether so much at stake that we are thus bound by the best end surest of all guarantees to do the utmost possible for the Public and for you.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
WILL YOU

now try the Tea itself ? iiiit—yo—u7ompare it and its price ? OUR TEA is sold in One-pound, Half-pound, and Qua-ater- pound eackets. Every packet is prepared and sealed by us at our own W rehouses in London. Manchester, or Leeds, and It bears our Signature and celebrat,d Trade Mark of the double-triangle or six-pointed star. Thus Is every packet guaranteed to be genuine. OUR AGENTS draW their supplies constarely from us, and they sell exaolly the same Lea and at exaotly the same prl. eas at our celebrated warehouses. Half-a-pound will cost you only Ed. 74. Ed., 104 Is Is 21 or Is. 44.

WTI ARE: (ILAD to receive applications for Agencies in this District from energetic tradespeople. &Ling our Tea is already a regular annuity to thousands of enterprising men and women. Brooke. Bond's 7eain an Agent's Window is regarded by the Public as a guarantee that the other articles ,;re also good, and so it helps to sell them and otten pays the shop rent.

BROOKE, BOND AND CO. LIMITED, 17, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER, AND AT LEEDS, BRADFORD AND LONDON,

Zirprits, asc4fitettes, &r.

PIMAMBI7LATOR, one of Ashton's best manufacture TO BE BOLD. cheap, recently cost El 108. ; as good as new.—Address Box 100, Examiner Office, Warrington.

liftuOirai instruments,

pADEREWSKI says: 'Play only on an Erard wherever obtainable.

ERARD.

New Parisian Models now being exhibited'

PADEREWSKI says: "Play only on an Erard wherever obtainable.

WORTHINGTON'S BURTON ALES AND STOUTS. FINDLATEWS DUBLIN INVALID AND OTHER STOUTS. GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT IN CASK OR BOTTLE. FINDLATIMS STOUTS may now be had in 4i gallon casks. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS in bottles only. J. M. BEACON.

BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER, 14, ST. JAMBS-ST., WARILINUTON.

By MR. THOMAS SUTTON.

By THE FRODSHAM F-I.R3fERS AUCTION COMPANY LIMITED. ,

MONBY.-11r. G. TEIONIAS, 315, Great College.., Lon- don, N.W., makes advances to respectable pumas.— Address by letter only. enclosing stamp for reply. ,

===== 0002601_18930415_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL CLASSES OF WORK

. FROM AN

===== 0002601_18930415_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
ADDRESS CARD TO A MAMMOTH PLACARD

THE (EXAMINER " STEAM PRINTING WORKS BEWSEY STREET. WARRINGTON.

,

friarinnern, Su., on OW.

B ()MBE (patent Vertical), 91t. by 4ft. diameter, with Ver.ical engine. THE CRADLEY BOILER C020.4.4Y, Cmdiey Heath.

A 8 -HORSE PORTABLE ENGINE for sale or hire.anall ..L1 kinds of machinery for sale.—Joarf BON/SELL, Longford' street, Warrington.

co BALE, 8 h.p. portable ENGINE and BOILER !!! kJ thorough good working order, with new fire box, 11, tubes, new wheel, and front carriage and new lAggiod. v.: be seen at work at any time by giving notice the time 90" wish ; also two 4 h.p. 'Vertical BOILERS (new). three 3 h'P„' Vertical Boilers (new) —Josmext STEWART, Boiler Viol.'" Leigh.

ÜBRICATING OILS.—" Reliance " Colliery 011. li•gi gallon; Machinery OR, Is ; Extra Machinery Oil. 18-"; Engine 011,1 s. 9d. ; Marine Engine Oil, 2s. • Cylinder oi, Is. 9d. ; Gas Engine Oil, 2s. 3d.; Valvoline Oil, 25., 2s. 3d' Dynamo Oil, 3s. ; Coiza Oil. 2s. 6d. 40 gallon barrels fr 4 Carriage PaId.—RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL Co., 19 arid Water-lane, Great Tower-st., London, E.C. Agents *form'

QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS LIMITED Cate Orme' Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulrne, Manchester. the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY 2,4 TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply INGS, Millwright, and all kinds of Engineeeing promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on sI4 cation.—Telephone 229.

ACME BOILER SCALER Dry Soluble Harmless rowdil Effectually removes, and prevents, the formation of ; crustation In Steam Boilers, however bad the Water mai' Used by Brewers, Dyers, Farmers, and large Steam Use It does not affect the steam or cylindi-rs. 20s. per cwt., Kegs or Casks. Only one pound weight required for irg 10 h.p. nominal per week. An influential Agent wanted for this district. HENRY BIBBY AND CO., CORNBROOK, MANCIIESTES•

PECKETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BR]. TOL. Have in stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

PATilw T OFF IC E, MAD/CHEST.. ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES 1 SON have had more DI years personal experience in connection with this &stabil': ment, and possess practical knowledge of the cotton, sso°' - and Iron manufactures.

--7S-Wilii-e4;-tOilm New Patent Law." Rrlee 6d. , "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, Vice.„l.,l GEORGE DAVIES, CE., & SON, P.1.P.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

AWARDED OVER 370 PRIZE MEDALS. BRADFORD'S UNIVRESALLY - APPROVED

LAUNDRY & DAIRY MACHINE' COMPLETE OUTFITS FOR HAND AND STEAM r" -ntd Catalogues Free Correspondence invited. THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 1,30, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOO L; o VICTORIA-AVENUE, MANCHESTBP Also SALFORD and LONDON. ;,Et

SRAtrinuntp.

; A.TRIMONY I JI —ASTROLOGY ti—Why Liree ' Doubt P—Your Future Foretold, Marriage ProsFe &a. : Brief Chart, Is. id. ; Seven Years' By nts. 2s• Nativity, ss. Give sex and date of Birth. State if roaff; Photograph may be sent when possible.—Address Fr° CATTELL. 15, Upper Perry-hill, Bristol.

MATRIMONY.—Gentleman, bachelor. aged 41, and refined, residing on own estate, income £3.(P'.si annum, wishes to correspond with an affectionate Clir, lady (spinster or widow), of undoubted respectabilitc position. desiring early marriage. Settlement made. b, secrecy expected. Address letter to Mr. G. MatotoN.'" New Oxtord-at ,London, W.O.

WARRINGTON CONCENTRATED MAI 4, —Agent: Mr. JOSEPH TAYLOR, Lion r Warrington, who will attend the Warrington, Nortk Chester aud Knutsford M mete. All orders promptif cuted. Analvsis and testimonials on appllcAtion.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
ARRINGTON CORPORATI°

Ci k)ONCENTRATED MANIIIII3 FIFTEENTH SEASON. Agent for al England— MR. WILLIAM HOUGHTON. PADDINGTON, WARRINGTON.

BOYDELL BROS., THE LEADING TAILORS, Are now showing a splendid selection of West of and Scotch Tweeds, Overcoatings, &c., suitable for

and Wintei-Veasoiss. 50s. BUSINESS SUITS. 500, SUITS for the MOORS. An Endless Variety of THOESEIIINGE 135., 16s. 6d., dm, /cc. Special attention given to Evening Dress. Perfect Pit Guaranteed. 8.8. respectfully invite inspection. 37, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. Also at MANCHESTER. LIVERPOOL. and SP EN:LOS>

Tit fU,D-FASHIONED MILK WHITE BREA. De e If you want a wholesome and delicious Bread, go' ecoor above a trial. Those who have tasted it can highly r mend It. Try it for your..elves.

_ THOMAS LEA, WHOLESALE AND RNTIL HAKIM Agent for SMITH'S HOVIS EREAD• CHUR- 11-3 T.. RUNCORN,

TIM EnMINER " STEAM PRINTING I;Cr()°s

BEWSHY STItEET. WAIIRINGTON

VAI A. 44& 4: RAP.. :ttgl"st

===== 0002601_18930415_art0059.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

===== 0002601_18930415_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
WAAS Rai oLi

Rol Mx(

===== 0002601_18930415_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
ONLY RELIABLE DISINFECTANT for prevention of Smallpox, Fevers, Au., is CALVERT'S no, 5 ''ASSOLIO ACID. The quality now adopted as the STANDAR DISINFECTANT by the Russian, German, Amish and Indian Governments. Sold in ls. and Is. 6d. Bottles, 2s. 6d„ 4s. and 6s. 6d. Tins, IT Most chemists, Ac. e• CALVERT AND CO.. MANCHESTER. Awarded 60 Gold and Silver Medals and Diplomas.

tiR. SCOTT'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS R 1) • I) SCOTT'S DILLS The Safest Medicine. Cure Indigestion, and Wind. • SLorrs plus Cure Nervous Depression. 1.) R • Scorr's PILLS 1R Restore the Appetite. ..) • LCOTT'S pins Purify the Blood. R if) • corT's PILLS R Strengthen the Whole System. • SCOTT'S PILLS The Best Family Medicine. 1)R• Scorrs PILLS R 1) Mild but Effectual. • 0017'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS. barn, cte wrapped in a square green package, bearing the 1.°11d04,14'.`' Proprietor, W. LAMBERT 173, Seymour Place, bY post for 14 or 34 stamps.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
EXAMINER,

BATURbAV, APRIL 15, 1893

A Notable ONE of the most notable contribu- 6Pecch tions to the debate on Home Rule was the speech delivered in the 11°118° °I Commons on Tuesday evening by Mr. rtiklellAsL DAvrrr. Mr. DAVITT is a typical Irish- a,nci he is perhaps, to a greater extent than a " °tiler Nationalist member of Parliament, a representative of those Irishmen, who, we are lie°llstaritlY told by Unionist orators, are bitterly -r,°stile in their hearts to England and everything 12.tngli'h.tion It ia impressed upon us with tedious seb vim le their" iteration 15 these men, however they may dis- real feelings at the present time, will, ll°4lo Rule is once conceded, make use of .f their -el? Powers for the purpose of injuring, and, 13°ssible, of humiliating this country. Mr. sUay.itt has again and again been hold up to repro- bation as one of the most prominent and the most influential of these so-called " irreconcilable" Irishmen. It is, therefore, interesting to hear 'What Mr. DAVITT has to say for himself as to the spirit and temper in which he approaches and will accept the Home Rule measure of the Government. Of his honesty and candour there can be no ques- tion. His fearless outspokenness has been at- tested time after time, and on occasions when men Ili a less candid mind or not endowed with his holesome contempt for misleading erasion would trkave preserved a diplomatic reticence. What then cas Mr. Davirr, speaking, as he does, above all 86 as a representative of the "masses " of Ireland, thild Particularly of the labourers and artisans of e,:,,c°untrY, to say of the scheme for the better --"nnicalt of Ireland which the House of Corn- present debating at such inordinate tehne i.,1,-- • Refrankly admitted that he had during t-1 f 74'94er Part of his career been a sworn enemy -40 British Empire. British rule in Ireland 64,4 Presented itself to him and to his progenitors ev-:.°re him in its most odious form—that of the fi4c)ting and heartless, but, at the time, all-power- lAan.llo,. At one time force seemed to be the Y method by which this rule could be amelior- letie:l ehanged,and it was for engaging in a hope- that °4terprlse with that object in view te; he had been condemned to serve prilicLe than nine years as a convict in an English Yet, as he very justly pointed out, he • --tie nothing more than what seemed to be linplibd • k In Mr. BALFOUR'S language at Belfast last nutet„,7he had declared that it was quite legit- ), - rebel against a law of the Imperial Perlis- , ever however, Irishmen all the world lia3a guise that their aspirations may be rea- 'Wouljt•Y Pacefnl and constitutional means. They fore said Mr. DA.VITTO accept the Bill now he- eondittruanaent " as containing all the terms mull IGr'S °f an honourable and lastien :--- r ae "4:lrwilitrung Majority Or tne Irish people aeetePted the Bill of ni) to it. 1886, and would have loyally assertedHe the same of the pre- t4t tiro; and he could further say that thir- -1.—"."0n5 of the Irish race scattered over the tve "aid and and the Empire, to be honourably accept the Bill as an act of peace be- -1.1131 lidk by both sides." The change of feeling 1:14 441enme over those who might, perhaps, at Ili tarn° "ave been described as "irreconcilable has been wrought, as Mr. DANITT trt4tiht— °Alt, by the labours of Mr. gre„„--,81°14E during the last seven years and by the Itrit•Tg friendliness of the democracy of Great apt, 414 and the common interests which have 'IP amongst that democracy and the ce `43 ef Ireland. The fight against this growing a,4ltTunity of interests is fought by the class 1148 used threats and predictions against aner,:„reforra, but—and with this prophetic utter- 41r.DANITT concluded his remarkably success- theeh—they might as well attempt to stop tlii,-4118 of Niagara by Tory obstruction as to stop evcintionary change.

THE demonstration which was pro- liasco. 'noted by the brewers and publicans of London on Saturday against the 143°a1 1r the • eto Bill was not a success. In fact, from f4il P°lnt of view of the promoters it was a dismal tlieur". Instead of demonstrating the reality of WrAth of the workingmen of London against

===== 0002601_18930415_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
the Bill, it very clearly showed that tho feeling which brings mass meetings together is confined pretty much to those who are in favour of the Bill. A great deal of trouble and expense had been incurred in organizing the demonstration ; many brass bands had been engaged, and no doubt those persuasive influences which brewers and publicans are known to have at command,were freely used— all with the disheartening result that when the meagre processions reached Trafalgar Square the publican and his proteges found that they were completely outnumbered by the "teetotallers." A considerable amount of censure has been meted out to the temperance party—in some cases by their friends—for the action they took in connec- tion with this demonstration. Some of the inci- dents of the affair are to be regretted, such as the tearing of some of the banners of the processionists. Banners which bore such foolish and inconsequential inscriptions as, "Why deprive working bees of their Sunday beer F" might very well have been left to float in the breeze,ancl to bring ridicule on those who bore them. But then these violent collisions were, for the most part, provoked by demonstrators who , wished to oust others from the places they had secured. Over and above this, it should be kept in mind that the disorder has been much magnified by those who are chagrined at the result, and by others who would like nothing better than to see the populace of London deprived of the privelege of meeting in Trafalgar Square. That the affair was far from reaching the dimensions of a riot is proved by the statement of the Home *rotary that no personal injury of any kind had been sus- tained, and that perambulators with their occu- pants and attendants circulated freely in the neighbourhood. Had the supporters of the pro- posed temperance legislation of the Government not attended the gathering and out-voted the promoters, the meeting would have been held up all over the country as voicing the sentiments of the people of London. As it is it helps to show how little of real force there is behind the loud bluster of the liquor trade.

FOR those who are addicted to beer, Te h Hull tobacco, and beef, the position of a Strike. "free" labourer at Hull qlocks during the present strike mast be an enviable one. "Free labourer," by the way, is the name given to this class of men by the Federation of em- plovers ; they are called " blacklegs " by other workmen. According to the special correspondent ,of the "Daily News" the "free labourers" are I "living in clover " so far as material comforts go, though their freedom is of such a nature that they are confined to temporary berths in the docks,and dare not show their faces in the streets of Hull. They can earn three pounds a week by working overtime, and, in the way of victuals and stimu- lants, they are allowed a pound-and-a-half of I beef a day, two pints of b2er, and two ounces of tobacco. As to the manner of men these are that the shipowners are engaging to replace their unionist workmen, the following colloquy between the correspondent and one of the "free " labourers will give some idea. " Tobacco, beer, beef, and so cm, all right F" inquired the correspondent of fa. gay rollicking fellow. " Oh, ay," said he. " The beef is prime and.we get more of it than we want. we get our two ounces of ba.cey every day, and , that's good too—leastway I have no complaint to make—rand so is the beer. There is only one , thing wrong with it—there's too little of it." " You get two pints a day, don't you F" " Yes but I wish they would make it two gallons. I could drink every blooming drop of it." And with the word "gallons "on his lip the gay young man lounged away to the ships.

IT is said that an extremely interesting " find " has been made in the convent on Mount Sinai. It consists of nothing less than a Syrian text of all the four Gospels which " among all preserved testimonies contains the oldest authenticated texts of the Gospels." Only fragments of the Syrian text have, it appears, hitherto been known, these being in a single manuscript in the British Museum, and in two leaves of it which went to Berlin. The honour of making the discovery be- longs to an Englishwoman, Mrs. LEWIS, who was accompanied by her sister, Mrs. GrasoN, both of these ladies being conversant with Oriental languages. The manuscript, it seems, was in an exceedingly dilapidated condition, but the leaves were separated with the steam of a tea kettle,and the whole of the text of from throb to four hun- dred pages were photographed. In the work of deciphering the ladies were assisted by 'Professor HARRIS, who had hastened to Mount Sinai on , hearing of the discovery, and the party sojourned in the ctesert convent for a period of forty days. It is interesting to note that Professor HARMS reports that the last twelve verses of St. MARX nra missing from the newly-found text, and that no substitute is offered for them.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARD MATCH AT WIDNES.

At the Liberal Club, Widnts, on Th ursd ay night a billiard rcatch was played between tee Widnes and Warrington Liberal clubs. The two teams met a month ago, at Warrington, when the home team won by 336 points. On Thursday, the Widnes men were defeated again by 159, thus leaving Warring- ton winners of both matches by a total of 495 points. Mr. Calvert, captain of the Warrington team gave a silver medal to the person who played in both matches and made the biggest break. This was won by Mr. P. Quinn., of Widnes, who made a break of 45. At the conclusion of the match a capital tea --- r---jded and thorougldv enjoyed. The fol- lowing are tub lama" au....cat ...cat 111 'Oft ut4GC:u •-- WARRINGTON, WIDNES. Calvert Strange l5O Deakin lll Sankey Warburton Critehley 128 A Parkinson Bennett llO J, Parkinson Owen l5O Swift 122 Bennion Timbur l5O Deacon ll3 Aminson Mealy Mitchell Plumb 1588

Total

===== 0002601_18930415_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
Total 1747

GOOD TEMPLAR CONVENTION. The monthly meeting of the No. 1 Convention, of the South-West Lancashire Good Templars, was held on Saturday, at the 1-lope of Hindley Lodge Room, Hindley, Bro. Quarter-Master Sergeant Roberts, C.C.T., of Warrington, presiclirg. There was a large attendance. The reports of the various officers were received, and were of a very encour- aging character, showing lodges generally active in prosecuting the work of the Order. A report of the preceedings of the Grand Lodge of England, given by Bro. Colour-Sergeant Mantle, D,C.T., of Warring- ton, who was present as a representative. This was followed by an address given by Bro. Hirkus. The next session was fixed to be held at. St. Helens. A paper was read by Bro. R. Skaife, C S.J.T., St. Helens, entitled "fact," which contained some encouraging and useful suggestions. A discussion followed, and a vote of thanks to the essayist was accorded,also to the Hindley friends for the arrange- ments made for the meeting. Tea followed, and subsequently a public meeting was held, the Rev. F. W. Meyers presiding. Addresses were delivered by the Chairman, Bros. Roberts, Mantle, and Skaife, and a pleasing selection of music was gone through. In closing the meeting it was unanimously resolv- ed to forward a peti.ion for presentation in the House of Commons in favour of the Direct

===== 0002601_18930415_art0066.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18930415_art0067.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
LOCAL NEWS.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REV, W._STSNTON JONES

Curate of Widnes Parish Church has accepted a curacy under the Rev. Canon Fergie, 8.D., Vicar of Christ Church, Ince-in-Makerfield. During his two years re- sidence Mr. Jones has worked earnestly and successfully amongst the parishioners. When in want of a chaste and elegant wedding or birthday present go to PRITCHARD'S, 51, High-st.—Advt. PRESENTATION AT RUNCORN.

In token of the excellent work she had done for the Runcorn Wesleyan Circuit Sewing meeting, during her 11 years connection with that organisation, Mrs. Rush- ton was the recipient of a Queen Anne silver teapot on Monday afternoon. Mr. John Simpson made the pre- sentation on behalf of the meeting,

If you want a lucky wedding ring go to 61, Mea-sr.,whers you will get a present with it.—Advt. BETHESDA CONGREGATIONAL . CHURCH, RUNCORN.

Another people's service was held on Sunday evening, when solos were rendered by Miss Beatherington, Mr. Joseph Littler, and Mr. E. Worrall, and Mr. R. W. Pier- point performed a solo on the cornet. The" Modern Pharisee" was the title of the discourse by the Rev. J. S. Simpson. There was a large congregation. JOSEPH PRITCILt RD'S, sale shop is 51,Iiiira-IL.. Ws workshop 4, Bridge st.—Adrt. WESLEYAN BAND OF Hors, HALTON.

The last meeting of the season in .connection with the Halton Wesleyan Sunday School Band of Hope took in the schoolroom, on Tuesday evening. The meetings throughout have been most successful, the one under notice being specially well attended. Mr. A. Woodier was chairman.

JOS.PH PRITCHARD is prepared to Whitt and keep ha repair, private clocks from 10s. per annune.—Adet.

ROBBING et WIDNES DRAPER.

At Widnes Police Court on Monda.v, before Messrs. J. Brock and H. W. Deacon, Catherine TarTeton, a married woman, of Cromwell-street, was charged with stealing three aprons valued at 7s from the shop of Thomas Fry, draper, Church-street, on Saturday night. After the prisoner had made a purchase the aprons were found under the prisoner's shawl. The prisoner who had been previously convicted of larceny on five occasions was fined 255, or in default, a month's imprisonment with hard labour.

Go to PRITCHARD'S for the best five guinea watch a work_ ingman can have.—Adot. MARINERS' CHURCH, RUNCORN. On Tuesday evening, a concert was given in the Mariner's Church, Irwell-lane, Runcorn. The chair wo taken by Mr. H. Gill, who opened tl reeding i -With a humorous speech, Very good address was given by the Rev. A. W. Riley Mit "Temperance," and an interest- ing address was also delivered by Mr. D. Smith. The musical portion of the programme was very successfully carried out by Miss Isherwood,Miss Simkin,Mr. Branch, and Masters C. and A. Timmins and Master Done.

PRITCIIIRD'S have now stood the test for 50 years, atadquality and fir:A-class workmanship ars still guaranteed.—Advt. BAZAAR AT WIDN'ES.

In aid of the new Primitive Methodist Schools which are to be erected in Waterloo-road, a two day's bazaar was commenced in Lacey-street school room on Thurs- day afternoon. There were eight stalls, well stocked with a variety of articles and tastefully arranged. The Rev. W. Thornley explained that the schools were esti- mated to cost £1,200 and £1,400 and they had now a fund of £320, and they wished to raise £lOO by this hamaar.—Mr 51. . Opponhchw, the town clerk, ln upen- ing the bazaar, exisressed his appreciation of the fact that the school was not merely to be a Sunday school, but a place for the assemblage of the young men in social iutercourse.—On the motion of Councillor Owen, seconded by the Rev. R. G. Hughes, a vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Oppenheim. The total takings amounted to £52 103. Yesterday the bazaar was opened by Mr. J. Titchett of Warrington. JOSEPH PRITCHARD has the best stock of ladles' silver and geld watches in the town.—Advt.

FATALITY AT WESTON QUARRIES..

The Coroner, Mr. J. E. Worsley, held an inquest at Runcorn Police Court, on Thursday, on the body of John Basnett, aged 68 years, a quarryman, of 10, Hartley-st., Runcorn. The evidence showed that on Tuesday after- noon the deceased, who was employed at the Ship Canal Quarries, at Weston was engage with several other men at the bottom of the quarry, when a quantity of " rubble " and stones of considerable size fell down from the top of the quarry upon Basnett,killing him instantly. Another man named Fred Friss had a narrow escape.— Mr. Wm. Bushell, the manager of the quarries, said no blastirv, had taken place at the spot whence the stones fell for some weeks, for that and all the loose stones were at that time removed. The only explana- tion he could give was that the sun and wind had dried the stone and caused it so split in pieces, and one piece vbearviingt started to etdoenrtoalll d hheaatd ,I was retdouied. others with it —A ic

JOsEPH PRITCHARD keeps spectacled to suit sill sights from a s_hil_ling _a_pmaiur.RD—AEtut. 9 ASSAULT BY A POLE.

Before Messrs. J. Brock a-n-d—Ei. Wade-non, at Wid- nes Police Court, on Monday, Sylvester Oustra, a Polish labourer, living in Cromwell-st., was charged with un- lawfully wounding another labourer named Charles Jeweller, also a Pole. It appeared that on Saturday the two men and others were playing cards at 28, Cromwell- St. Jeweller paid for some beer, which was brought in a large bottle, and he served out the liquor himself. After- wards it was alleged that Jeweller went up to Oustra and struck him on the face with the bottle, inflicting a wound which may result in the loss of an eye. Dr. Allen des- cribed the wound as a clear cut between the left eye and the corner of the nose. It was an inch and a quarter in length and penetrated to the bone of the sheek an I through the bone of the nose.—When apprehended and charged the prisoner said "I struck Win with a bottle over a game of cards. The injured man being unable to appear the prisoner was remanded in custody for a week.

_ JOSEPH PRlTCHlRD.Watchmaker and Jeweller, bl, High- st., and 4, Bridge-at., Runeorn.—Arlet. A JEALOUS HUSBAND AND HIS MOTIENB•IN-LAW. At Widnes Petty Sessions, on Thursday, before the Mayor (Alderman Gossage), and Mr. H. Haskell, jun., James Mercer, 22 years of age, of 7, Davies-street, was tinthidiZsisfar ,VeMt.ias. Mgt k!itmother-in- for assaulting Mercer.—Mr. J. W. Knowles represented Mercer. It appeared that last year Mercer broke his leg and went int', the Convalescent HOLDS at Woulton. When be left that institution he found that his furniture had been removed to his mother-in-law's house and his wife. refused to live with him. Recently, it was alleged a , young man named William Grace had been frequently visiting Mrs. Newton's house and Mercer suspecting his wife's honour, on Friday night, the 7th init., climbed to the top of an outbuilding, overlooking one of the win- dows of the house. Whilst doing so his hat blew off into 1 the yard and he entered to recover possession when his 1 mother-in-law and wife appeared on the scene and blows were exchanged. After hearing a number of witnesses. the Bench bound over both parties to keep the peace for three months. ' Both PRITCHARD'S Shops are under personal Suptraisimaaal customers may rely upon reeelvingeveryattentioa.—Adat.

„ A GARNI6HER ACTION AT RUNCORN. Om Tuesday, at the Runcorn County Court, before His Honour Judge Wynne Foulkes, an action was brought by Isaac Lawton wheelwright, Moore, • near Warrington, against Luke Holmes, (garnishee), auction- eer, High-st., Runcorn. Mr. Burton appeared for the latter. Plaintiff said that be recovered jedgment 1 against.a man named William Lythgoe, confectioner, South Bank-terrace, Runcorn, for £8 13s. 6d., which , with costs amounted to Ell Os. 6d. He believed £5 had been paid into court. Mr. iqoltnes, he understood, was , indebted to Lythgoe. He had no means of proving that Mr. Hohne.s had any money belonging to Mr. Lythgne. --In answer to questions Mr. Holmes said he purchased the goods from Lythgoe on February 16th' for £2O. He I paid that amount to him the same day, and had receipt for the sum. He could not say what the sale realised. —Plaintiff said he understood the articles fetched £34. • His Honour said that there being no remaining debts between Holmes and Lythgoe, he could not call upon the former te pay the money.—Plaintiff thought it was very hard, after going to the expenses, for Mr. Holmes to take all the giods and make what he could of them.—His Honour said the claim must fall on the ground, that there wag no sum due from Holmes to Lythgoe. Ver- dict for defendant.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0069.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
tJ

===== 0002601_18930415_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, APRIL 15, 1893.

BALL AT RUNCORN. Miss Praeger held her annual ball in Runcorn Public Hall, on Wednesday evening. The room had been beau* tifully decorated for the occasion. A capital pro- gramme of dances was gone through to the music of a band under the direction of Mr. 0.1. Praeger, jun. Mr. G. Pritchard and Mr. Clement Handley ably officiated as Th‘t refreshment department was in charge of Mrs. Gorst.

A YEAR'S RECORD.

JOSEPH PRITCHARD, Watchmaker and Jeweller, 51, High. at.. and 4, Bridge et.. Runcorn.—Adrt. RUNCORN PARISH CHURCH SUNDAY SCHOOLS. With the object of augmenting the prize fund for the scholars, a concert was given in the National Infants Schoolroom, on Wednesday evening. A glee party under the conductorship of Air. James Littler, rendered several pieces of music in an admirable manner. Songs were rendered by Messrs. Branch, Scott, J.Littler, C.Pownall, Clare, Mrs. Caygill, Masters Newton, Done and Bradley, Mr. Cyril Chantler gave a recitation, and Mr. Fred Smith gave a mandoline solo. Mr. It. Birkett Musgrove was the accompanist.

If you wantyour watch repaired by skilful workmen, take in to PRITCHARD'B.—,Advt.

MEDICAL ELRCTRICITY AT RUNCORN. - -

Mr. J. C. Miller, medical electrician, an engagement. in Bethesda Lecture Hall, on Thursday evening,which is expected to extend over several weeks. " Flealth and Electricity " is Mr. Miller's theme, on which he nightly expatiates in an interesting and prac- tical manner, and he adds the magic of music to enliven and add charm to the prxeedings. He demonstrates the power and efficacy of massage and galvanism, electri- city and animal magnetism as the great curative agents for the removal of disease, which he.claims " will be made to vanish like the chaff before the wind." TRIPLE BIRTH. ---- - •

Cn Sunday Mrs. Edmondson, ;ife of an employee at Messrs. Dalglish's foundry, St. Helens, gave birth to two girls and a boy. The mother and children are doing well.

UMBRELLAS RECOVERED.—J. and W. DUTTON Sankey-st. Warrington.—Advt. TiE ST. HELENS GLASS TRADE.

The state of the glass trade is still causing serious anxiety to St. Helens manufacturers, who are putting in new machinery at enormous cost. Messrs. Pilkington take the lead in this respect, their patent machinery costing enormous sums, but when completed they will be able to compete with any manufacturer in the world.

DISEASE AND DEATH IN WIDNES.

Dr. O'Keeffe, the medical officer of health, pre- sented his annual report to Widnes Town Council on Tuesday. It stated that the number of deaths registered in the borough of Widnes daring the year 1892 was 598, and calculating on a population of 30,000 persons to the middle of 1892, this gives a death-rate of 19.93 per thousand for the year. The deaths from the eight principal zymotie diseases num- bered,s3 or 1.76 per thousand of population, and were as fellows :—Smallnox, 0 ; measles, 4 ; scarlet fever, 3; typhoid fever, 25; typhus fever, 1 ; diarrhcea and dysentery, 17 ; erysipelas, 2 ; diphtheria, 1 ; total 53. The deaths of children under one year, including prema- ture births, numbered 199 or 6.63 per thousand, and of those between the ages of one and five years 93 or 3.10 per thousand. The number of cases treated in the ' ;Infectious Diseases Hospital during the year was 46. Of these 11 ended fatally. The numb,:r of cases treated in the Accident Hospital was 66 ; of these 54 recovered and 12 died. He had visited both hospitals frequently and had invariably found the management satisfactory. The births registered in Widnes during 1892 numbered 1185, or 39.50 per thousand of population. Twenty- nine inquests were held during this year. No case of smallpox occurred during the year. The scavenging con- tinues to be carried out in an efficient manner. As to the water supply, the quality of the water according to analysis by Dr. Campbell-Brown is excellent, and the available supply is abundant. Efficient measures ha,te been taken by the United Alkali Company for suppressing the escape of sulphuretted hydrogen, and the nuisance from that source has now been reduced to a minimum.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES PETTY SESSIONS.

TIIIIRSDAY.—Before the Mayor (Alderman Gossage) and Mr. H. Gaskell, jun. MISCELLANEOI79.—Peter Broome, Fred. Carter, Thomas Wainwright, and Daniel Delaney, all of Ditton, were each fined 2s. ed. and costs for playing pitch and toss.— For lighting together Bartholomew Cunningham and Christopher Daley, both of Caroline-street, were each bound over to keep the peace.—William Johnson, Mary Green, Joseph Green, Edward Bibby, Mary Connor and Richard Roach, were each fined for drunkernaess.—Nine parents were fined ss. for not sending their children regularly to school.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIIIN.GS HEARD AND SEEN IT RUNCORN.

BY AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT.

The election of Runcorn Guardians resulted in no surprises. The retiring members deservedly held the foremost places on the list. Past services seem to have been recognised in this Instance. The new members are Messrs. Thomas Handley, Samuel Yarwood and David H. Jones. The two former go to Dutton for the first time, but Mr. Tones has served his apprenticeship during a very lively period. There is plenty of scope for new ,„:,lood on the Board.

Runcorn Commi:!sion;dra and Widnes Corporation are of op.e with regard to the proposed vehicula: °ridge Wass the Mersey. Both authori- OA &cline to advance beyond their offer of SBO,OOO towards the cost and considering thesize of the two towns ,and the rates with which they are burdened the offers were very generous. The County of Lancaster and the County of Chester would benefit ovally with the districts in the vicinity of the bridge and it is most decidedly a work for the counties to undertake.

There was considerable feeling imported into the disciu-sion at Widnes Town Council on Tuesday as to the disposal of the gas profits. The " heat " was altogether unnecessary, and it is a pity that the Councillors wko apparently held briefs, for the pro- perty owners should have taken umbrage at an in- nocent reference to absentee landlords. There are good arguments on both sides of the question. It certainly seems reasonable that the puulic lighting should not be charged to the rates uuderall the cir- cumstances of the case and the Council rejected Alderman Timmis's motion by 14 votes to seven. The representatives of all the large works voted with Mr. Timmis, which to use a common phrase, shows on which side their bread is buttered.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BURIAL BOARD.

The monthly meeting was held at the Cemetery office on Wednesday afternoon. The Rev. Dr. Gesteldi presided and there were present Messrs. E. lmison, W. Whittaker, Wm. Littler, S. Taylor. T. Handley, and W. F. Salkeld (secretary). The usual report was presented showing that the interments for the year ending March 25th numbered 467, correspond- ing period last year, 526 ; decrease, 59. The fees received during the same period amounted to £456 19s. 10d.-; last year, £452 153. 4d. ; increase £4 4s. 6d. 'Die cemetery was opened for interments March 30th, 1860, and since that time the interments had been— Church, 4.095 ; Dissenters, 5,136; Roman Catholic, 822; total. 10,053 —A long letter was read from Mr. James Hutton oi 62, Greenway-road, complaining of incivility and roughness on the part of Mr. Ford the Cemetery gardener, and the Board after an inquiry into the sub- ject unanimously passed the following resolution 'That the secretary be instructed to inform Mr. Hutton that the Board had carefully considered his complaint and had instructed Ford that, while insisting upon the strict observance of the Board's bye-laws, ha most also recognize the right of the public to civil and respectful treatment from those ha charge of the Cemetery.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTIONS IN RUNCORN UNION.

The first triennial election of Guardians of the Runcorn Union was concluded on Tuesday, when the counting of votes took place at Dutton Work- house. There were contests in only three town- ships—Appleton, Frods ham Lordship and .Runcorn. In the former place the two retiring guardians were opposed by Mr. Charles W. Davenport, who succeeded in headipg the poll with 317 votes. Mr. Joseph Knowles obtainiA 221 votes and Mr. John Whitloa 108 votes. the two first named are therefore elected. At Frodshain Lordship the opposition to Mr. Thomag Lewis, who has represented the township for many years, was ridiculed from the commencement and the result shows not with- out reason. While Mr. Lewis secured 191 votes, his opponent Mr. T. If. Hargre eves totalled only 17, a most crushing defeat. In Runcorn there were twelve candid- ates for seven seats but the interest in the contest was not very great, as may be judged from the fact that 1,050 papers were returned blank. The polling resulted as .!,c,';`Toq4 ; thP. iiNgrniheitaii7P,aol Allred R. Norman, 827; Thomas Lea, 893; Samuel Yarwood, 495; D. H. Jones, 408- G. R. Kirkham, 393 ; B. Kniv.eton, 370; S, Coventry, 306; S. Temperley, 225; (i. Tome, 121. The electi.n was conducted by Mr. John Ashton, clerk to the Union as returning officer. The counting occupied the whole of Taesday and it was not until nearly ten o'clock at night that information was received in Runcorn of the result.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
M. TIVADAR NACHEZ AT RUNCORN.

It is very seldom that a small provincial town has the opportunity of seeing and hearing the great masters of music and art, and Runcorn people were repecially favoured on Monday evenang in having the privilege of listening to one who by common consent is described as the most brilliant violinist of the present time. M. Tivadar Nachez' has per- formed before all the crowned heads in Europe, and before the critical audiences of the European capi- tals, and on each occasion with unqualified success. Al- though Runcorn Public Hall was not crowded on Monday eveumg, there was yet a large audience, and it may safely be said that never did M. Nachez perform before a; more enthusiastic company. Those who came to criticise' stayed to wonder at the marvellous command the execu- tant had over his instrument, and when he had com- pleted his fourth solo a scene of excitement never before witnessed at a concert in that hall took place. When after applause had continued for nearly five minutes, M. Nachrz, who had twice previously responded to en- cores, came forward to again obey their desire for an encore, the audience gave one simultaneous shout that was almost electrical. Mr. S. Liddle was an admirable accompanist. Included in the programme were songs by Mrs. Mytton Thornycroft, the Rev. J. Elston, Der. Millward, and the Rev. A. T. Powley, and a pianoforte solo be the Hon. Blanche Tollemache all of whom acquitted themselves most efficiently, and to the evident enjoyment of the auditory. The concert had been ar- ranged by the Rev. H. B. Blogg, in aid of Five Crosses Mission Church.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0076.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_18930415_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
-.4•_. WIDNES FIRE B RIGAD E.

The Superintendent (Mr. I. Carr) presented hia annual report to the Town Council on Tuesday The total number of fires that have occurred during the year within the borough, exclusive of chimney fires, is seven, outside the borough one. Three of the fires were serious, and the remainder slight. The brigade has had six calls when on each occasion they extinguished the fires. The estimated total loss from fires was £7OO. The estimated value of the property at risk was £111,600. With the present increasing consump- tion of water for works purposes, which is very irregular, and at a time when a number of works are drawing heavily on the mains together, the pressure falls so low that it would at such a time be of little use if required for fire purposes. The pressure can of course be augmented by the existing manual engine, but not nearly so effectively as it could be by a steam fire engine. Further, the former method is very expensive and as a ,rule very unsatisfactory on account of the difficulty of dealing with the men that are hired to work the pumps. The Superintendent would therefore ask the Committee to take into consideration the advisability of providing the brigade with a steam fire engine. One fireman has resigned during the year, leaving the total strength of the brigade fourteen, or one short of the full comple- ment. Nine of the firemen are residing in the fire station cottages. The condition of the brigade as regards efficiency and discipline is good. Arrangements are being made for the firemen to have an elementary course of lectures under the auspices of the St. John Ambulance Association. I suggested in my last annual report that the arrangements for calling the brigade would be more complete if a system of electric call bells was introduced, connecting the Town flail, Police Station, Mr. Lee's stables with the firemen's cottages, but nothing has so far been done in the matter. The police as in previous year haw: rendered the brigade able assistance whers. attending fires,

===== 0002601_18930415_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES TOWN COUNCIL.

-- The monthly meeting was held at the Town Hall. on Tuesday. The Mayor, Alderman Gossage presided and there were present Aldermen Sadler, Tilley, Wareing, Timmis, Williamson. Councillors Davies,, P. Neil, W. Christ ie, G. I. Neil, Shuttleworth; Long- ton, Smith, Biillough, Barlow Gough, Singleton, Quinn, W. W. Gossage, Shores, Barlow, Ovvea ,; H. S. Oppenheim (town elerk),Craik (deputy clerk). Hoyle (accouir,ant), 1. Carr (engineer), Sinclair (surveyor). -

===== 0002601_18930415_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RURIAL RETURN.

The TOWn Clerk submitted the return of the number : of interments which had taken place at each of the, various burial places in Widnes during the past three years. It appeared that at Farnworth there had been 764 interments and at St. Mary's Parish Church 5f5, while at St. Bedes there were no statistics. At Farn- worth the average number of bodies interred in public ' and private graves was three or four adults4-Linore ' children according to age. At St. Mary's Parish church' the average was live. No return was made from St: Bedes. At Farnworth the area at present available unoccupied burial space was 3,600 square yards, exclii- sive of paths and of incidental small space i 1 older pa'r,!.' of yard, and it was estimated that 4,500 bodies coirld still be buried there—considerably more of children.' 'At St. Mary's there were 716 square yards available, and it St. Bedes 450 square yards, and seven or eight ncros could be added At necessary.—Councillor HodgkihSon said he would be prepared to deal with the question at the next meeting.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
QUESTIONS.

• Councillor Smith asked whether the sewerage of LtiWer , house-lane had been sublet by Messrs. Sayce and BancW.,' --Councillor Gough drew attention to the ineffectivd way in which ashpits were emptied in Water!oh Ward, and suggested that the trustees of the late John EtutctiinJv son should be pressed to erect gates at the railway crossing in West Bank-st., which was becoming a'btiiir, thoroughfare. He also advocated a footbridge' iftross West Bank Dock. The present arrangement warli great inconvenience to 2,000 workmen.—Councillor F. Neil drew attention to the dangerous state of the bridge. across the L and N W Railway at Lugsdale.—Aldertnan Sadler in reply said the contract for Lowerhotise-lanh' had not been sublet ; ashpit emptying was in the Health department, Lugsdale Bridge should have imniediate' attention. The Committee were prepared to go on with improvements in West Bank immediately they gotllie opportunity.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
POLICE AS INSPECTORS.

)

The Health Committee had resolved—(l) That Inspec- tor Pattison and Sergeants John McCracken and George Carter be respectively appointed assistant Nuisance In specters for the inspection of Common Lodgitighonsces within the Borough; (2) that Sergeants Charles 'Me' Gregor, Robert Strickland, John McCracken, Georg@ Carter and Walter Bennett be respectively appointed in- pectors of the Local Authority of this Borough undetthe Contagious Diseases (Animals) Acts, 1878-1886 ftir the' purposes of issuing Movement Licenses under the •Saity Acts ; and (3) that Superintendent KeighleY be and NO is hereby appointed an Officer of the Local Authority of this Borough for the purposes of laying informatiora and prosecuting on behalf the Corporation before': the' magistrates, in cases arising under the Town Police Clauses Act. • MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT. , The Medical Officer reported that during March there were 93 births and 54 deaths, being at the respectiee, rates of 37.2 and 21.6. Zymotic diseases caused Ave, deaths. The Infectious Diseases Hospital hid been empty for five weeks. There were four patient ii Smallpox Hosnital.—Councillor G. I. Neil in tnoving. the adoption of the minutes said the Conernittee sidered they should not be called upon to join Ruocorn Port Sanitary Authority as they had every facility for dealing in the matter themselves. The , regulatidne; would be forwarded to the Local Government Boa;,— Councillor Smith seconded. Carried. THE NEW GASHOLDER. , „ The Gas and Water Committee recommended that the' contract bra new gasholder tank at Ditton be given to Mr. John Taylor of Garston, whose tender was a1i175. —Alderman Timmis moved this minute and withdrew recommendation that a clerk ot works be advertised for dt a salary of £3 per week. In the opinion of the Corn- ter, his integrity and his work rendered a clerk of the work unneoessary.—Alderman Williamson xeccnded the motion. Carried. THE VEHICULAR BRIDGE. The General Purposes Committee having considered: communication from Mr. Lake, Law Clerk to RiincOrn` Improvement Commissioners, stating that the Comtnis- sioners were not prepared to make any increase the amount of their proposed contribution, it was resqved that although this committee is strongly impressed with. the value and importance of the proposed bridge as a' means of communication betw( en the two conntiek of Lancashire and Cheshire.they are nevertheless of °Pinto!) that under existing cenditions it is not practicable for the Corporation of Vfidnes to make any better propoSali to the County Councils than those contained in the reso- lution of the late Local Board of Widnes, cf the 13th December, 1891,already laid before the County Cot/OCRs'. ' Except that so far as this Corporation is concerned tii4y are prepared to waive so much of the resolution as pur- ports to give to the local authorities any priority or pre--, ference over the County Councils, in respect of the tell as a security for their advances.—Alderman Wareing , moved the adoption of the minutes,and said although the committee were impressed with the importance of ha.v. ing improved communication between the two eounties, • , they fet that they might pay too dearly for their whistle, and they were not prepared to advance Upon their offer of £3o,ooo.—Councillor Shores seconded: THE EXTENSION OF THE TOWN HALL. " Councillor Butlough drew attention te the feeling in the town against the extension of the Town Hall, and he suggested that as the market was practically useless at' present it might with advantage, and at little cost', be converted into an assembly room.—Alderman Wareing' said the Surveyor was preparing a rough sketch of the proposed alterations, and Councillor Bullough's stieges; tion would be considered. Tile committee fTt it was• not within their scope to build a Pest Office.--Minntes adopted.

FINANCE.—OVERWORKED CLERKS. The Finance Committee recommended the payment of the several accounts amounting in all to £6,853 6s lid. —Councillor Owen moved and Councillor Flodgkinsori seconded the adoption of the minutes.—Councillor

Gough drew attention to an item of £2 ss. for teas and asked for an explanation. He also mentioned that he fre- ,Quently noticed ther.lerks or the Corporation hardat work at nine and ten o'clock at night, an he said if the staff , was ntit'Sufficient to permit them to lia‘re aeti resonabl6, hour, it'tillotild in-hrilaied;---Cfetiiicill'Or (Rapti Said th teas 'were ni-oiiciedlOt the eleilia when they were WOrkitig ftir t4ef zraqiltinati. do with a ie'ply to i ' queitThii COutiOllkM4).l"ialif the' Finance Committee had unanimotielY 'appeinted ItupseiLantl-WArtistrnflittnelielter, firniessiimat ~t„ • '‘• +WATER CwA H' 11

Councilloraariiitinovd that in cases Of water IMP', plied to persons engaged in the erection of new buildingsVl the present ,tegt4pfliens,as..hit,a minimum charge of 4.,i and supply by meter l?p,ahnlislitadl andithat the Gas and I water,C9P,P*,Pfr43 hiSii,o4ll9o.4ll'e frazile.-.A, fresh scaks; of chargee„psrapch,;snpply,,hased,„uppn..ra,tnatip value :or gomp otfr 44r,F r„eeasstnspfa.„eetitnatc,,,,conuctikip GI I.Ne.i . ~,-,sdepiefl;-Anuticille.f.i. Pavlee inevnd amencifPfrintiLßlllitOPZ,„Abeirff9Al4;4ffil,i.billtdifigs f • X 4 abolished. ;,„Tun Atetatjpn woo ar.qPPW.e.P.4 the. Znakin WaS paseep~ 4 ,I T. •., i _ • Iv WO POT POAPOTST ,y,,,r - ~,,,1 -1, i. ~Aldermaik.TifpcnispoNed--, That,notwithatendialiftW,o7 resolution,..of thnAte„Locappara,te4„the;.l2t.h. Jply, 1892, confirmip7d aclopklite,.reentiateAndattoct 4.*ltAlh Finance4cmnok itet'4`the„gtiek j-0y,4,1p4, the cost.in,, • curred for pigi,cl.4ighting be,a4appd ,flrptp,t4ol,2sth deY or MaNfl. loSdArtfaligefir_ed .o*,c,hArge A' to the :General District, XpislA j( fligb way, r ,rl'ocomptf,,. ; i%nd „ not; borne, and, paid ont of the Gas W*B Fr.nrid Ant direCted by•Abe,,said, resol utio 0,..--A Ide r in an ,Ti inP) la filii d...h IS Phiectwasto have the matte; t horough,ly sliecusafolin,firderpAt the.iysiaig decide, Mil* Pie 4,p letflo ,5hdu14,420 epentt.ifa, P 90114, lighting or appropriated in souse °that ,wey,,fje contended Mat at, present„thetpersomsho, recoxod most, :tenetr from the reclgqinn of .t rate werop now resident ownenal a property, amid -bnil-ding societies. ~„In 4g :opinion the present, p3odetWan,ftnininstine,to the gaa consumers who had tq,proyide, thia, Money.."—.Qotuacillor,Shores seconded, Una mdt.ion and..dinstrlateci;hevr. 4hia . system wdrked.i.a.4 juriouslY,k9;.the,grfe.f4nswllersi#, causing hi,eat to,paal] , nidre for his gas.—Councillor Davies conten44 that the; credit of the wbgle.ralkepayexa,,pv Aleolged fo3-4,11,e mortg gages of the ki tih'4',Nat.tf:•Npfh an4,plie,iyhole-of dm' , ratepayers ought ttyparfiCip,aw in,the4cofita. Vie,arg4o,4 that this Motioiffiad. a. aet:B4ll., origin, ap4''dp4o4l4ito that if the 064' ligtit ing' Val to be Akid ,otfg„e district idle that Fate would go up J. 'in tlie Z. bdt the Inn, Alderglan are rekrAgs,4o6,yz.o9l4 ha.7-Iv, TPA?, latior ,f;,'4 .51 n airaic,t)Prn..!q,P24,figgc. 'f.fii*s..44l,t,lik,a, reduction of the district rate, yolk ~wi h,tne amo4K,:t., petty owner the„;eyerle„wgs,aic cede,--. 034,0,49; 42,„f.c4, argued Oa the 0,11,y) rillp 43 ,got.inctifO:e, py,i,eqs_ , and ferrinf; Vo fhllWPPli,Poct4i.6i "0 t1,1%.79u1il be ffifo to get out ottlie,t9wn if, they,„494..„pe ga,isifhe .tiounaiA ' would 40 .wily, if vibtli,ol9Y 1144 check , Mf4,O,PNIF, resbiagon, they "1:54, pr, powerft thlpigkontyimouv„ oubrio,lightipg,,M, a very iqrge sjicg,g , the ,pro4s he apt, tributed,t94everyboly tu the Own.— c)ermen, Tiro mie believed ills MP= Km WNW, help the dvrOe>ts in sop. I 1 . btiases,..—Alderipan4afiler strpngiy„opposen, the rnotiMi. and expressed .regret,tnat A) erma,n,Tirnmia, yaa,,baihg led'in this raeatter,by,inen w din the past ba.d led,. the , fleaneleadt thernwr3 IntoNa guplorale fdate.t—Alderanan., ninmis sai fl hie d est relyal 4Pf Vie.,profitsz to bentiliserl4n the best manner, i aQ, FIQ4, dui awl; 'way vista, the pockets of 'absentee la ud,lools, ,gle,.ti ill nop AngleratandAlderroac, Sadler's remarks et .411:114Fit9 whom he referred,—There voted fpx the motilan,Aldermanimmio, Alderman , ikarem• inc, Councillora Gosaage„, Sbor. ,Ilarirow, 13utiough,•and Longton-74.„ The roitot.#le ounoil vretedegaipstonixl 'l''' m0ti`3°,?",5,k44025'.1.4.0i...., , ~,,....;. ~,,,..51 ci.

• ' '44101 o' Oil ,{P •Il .%Tt AN. BRUNNER NIT" aN" TimmDirlt9r, . „Tao. 1,1 it ,tAftl/Pel•

rl I 1111..14 . Mr. John Clarke, secretary to the Runcorn District Liberal Association has ateceived. ale•;showing cortunuati, kinnismor.e Gardens., April , Sitiv 1893..., Dear sit', I am desirctibly Mr. lir-miner, iniaclusowledge receipt, of a resolution. in ..iavour,) of the,,Liquor .Traffin (Legal. ,passed byU Runcorn ,Distriot Liberal, ,4s4otiation. It is in his opinienua.,ipatter for ,regret,. 014 no firovisiamehooltLbe mailetior xectuction,ot the, number of licetase4ll housee‘asceniclt. ,om lesion ,is likely to,iiispaiplite.effect,of theß. . tispossibie this, ontission. may he.reenekiied Atottorne. intuits!! stage, ;Yours , fahf ullytLelin Warov,s forouil.ac,kno %sledge, Mont ofth..srue resolutaon has alio belga reneived.from Si'r, \Van Flarogurgs . ,

===== 0002601_18930415_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
MEI/041.4d, Alt C 4.0 LAIN, 0114.' f•

. . "b"•`"''''BottTiVirtirOAr‘'"" "

... .. 0 .nriiti-F-47.'.•ri? ti.. - 4,4..........49 null -ill In )7; r•-,..7 -,.% !' : Entil?3,-,1 .c. , 4ft. ..14,71p,s Vb. g6f, I/ bld I % wch ~, ,01 - . . 111 lifiC ' . Rif PcgrPlpon,DYP? 0 e,.4t ,:p tly:yr,,ars. ,h 141.d:the p6q- i tiVn. clinl?Nikti mA§Vck at, Oe V..e§101)141 , AtlV6t 11:1AfS111, / 114ald,„Zovv„f,Seath Uriesiiiiej, pt _Ab,at plae‘,o4lf , the following ,exUact Ax. 1.10 -,thehri'l 244414114.: Z74,w8 - Adock, • Cure., Coldtliyowitil Ve,.interesting.,toßani 1 corniankitiallhtiivinte how t he,deeettsed, genbleman,, witts rOapeetedtby•thogreer?ongst wlitnn hot lived if-ea..• t,,in MeinefiaM of the 13419,Mr1 Janies Ilivhtfoot.. ,WlajaU, , a, Wessell ..thiti 'hi isAttli vela ;the, hearts of ,mir -fellawra ,men titter 'dean ! 'lretheeesordskif •Dr.. Watts , ' to..smell: - , hire a rose whonikrechre*AlyAirP. Pt' ,The epltaphivrittenb i the devdite't .all fer- is .he rkbkvleTr rrh vmern bets et t '. , the Werddyml+NatfeeCluirch,,ltt Heald Town,asati seholarl of thif I n stitu ti o n'c h kvertidtiected -it% onks ti them set ve s; 'et ,Cund fir etdefter. prnehte arid cretin's lien iR 111111110ry;' antt -4s, a-pernsdnent,trioninneht ell-rt heir;bstervedi triand‘n teaclietetentiztate (toad', its/iii ter; 4v hostetni Idi•eltruest, sad( 'pure 11Te.11s1, /eft rits.:hapTiq awdriblessed impreeivespott , , itheit heitriN a ddi hiretnerieFf., 'lPhe niernOry of the'jugUlS.i ' blessed' the Great) 'Pitcher 110,9 SAM ',Mid how thoroughly, -du welhtlat ithitiltialtedihnwlk,/,Mictighttfoor was unit ,versallY kteenied by at efassai Of .theitotrirnuhity,,artsi fearlessl,sterling;honeat ,inrim.“oneot reitowards,but.maity earneettioVing deeds. snm heiintifutavenne et trees! whietii , • li.e, planted and tended with such care, and the bell at. Heald Town, will serve to keep-his memory green and , fresh, through alll4iiiK93;Weep not ittirAlt47dlVad, who 'Jive as ohtejor,yelesitle." , frhelitte.; Mi. Ifir,httdot!-mardeat •the divoghter,idf hl at itleattelnaslskirman-er -Rucittamr .by his tff.totiWile; dnd.4B;lheriforKortlitte tear. Fred' and Mr: Agfred:Noirmticii ..(i I, Wi 4,q3:l(ri .... ,14‘1• .1 4..01 r . 0.n.-,tinkir.itiVi ~,,,..f.',ltikP, f i‘ll:7i .li,‘, ri.,111 ,4. ..frj • ~,,g, f ley rit 4,-, , . oVir--- wy/ ...•111., • .111 T ,/, I '',f4 fiTy•il , , •,.' ' , 1.,r1 0 ,4 ritrom ;.‘,. ~....., . ~--.-(1-,,;,,, a

scimfars I

===== 0002601_18930415_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
*A4iot

kriVo6lo 7 . 6 il,th thli 'e a a ,ga: tp . tig, Ms .j, „ ,4,1119,0 0 r.9-Pk ' rgonf on VVedn4Ada afternoon, *ben tbC__ .va Ss gooal , iittenda4sq. 8f friqz,iNerlfiiet}c,l4,,,_ Iry o,9."Qpirm4 ' intscilywogusi obticert4lt, ,kneyr,At livp4l,4.loer:lVNA, lai•gesact 3.liptecii4i"ft e**, ,IA , • ' • ‘'ir a? 40 ",-.,1 "AI ,v, ' .01„,,,,174vrt ),/,(.1“ .0 ~14 ~t ..ti '4lO- .-.:, :-' i ~,, pLikNIRET/Lii r to ?Cl trOtj N. In r-.2._..ri I .1,-....1. ,I• .n. .71,1,1 1 Sr. FARO TEMPERANCE SOCIETE.-7,145t eititilti ' 'Week ;' a ;isnt.iii:virelfehdertqs ' hi. Oe ' %lONS*" '" :4 155,t116.5."ni;let`merriffeih'`iff`fli6 et-.'•illap-,ltemofi b -ociety. ThejltiV.M.° .9.! .raclit; `l4."oddatried'llls aif AO ifilifs bi3efi%o rehii Its sti6lfia br,tho acti,atp Ihges'iltterntkergifed"arat was. It4aSe'd 'to seb s'o" Auttfif 'fishes there as they r,ske of great eats thth'4•4. drl6'.l 11-ie aiNtherflfrdlebl6lol Aitti the Oth'eatait,h iiiiit. ehtiagtut ut totit' WOKtieri*s!' 'ME' Vr.'Aitki hlfsiedt Oa e cOnTlec4l've7piiitA' orthe.. Reif." find ' the thoif d 'Ohildieti '614/leftlhill,''Tai, rshiti hi • MitiS Stith& tlti litilfai die nitigel'' Tilt! d arli'iii4faikeliti,"l4/If6pg, udf ile 'Whitt-MX(l6y, diii 8, gtgliiiillsoli;lead•NliAffrbtiift: 'Nis lithi'gsaw: '''.4ltVE the'tifititti, loots, leeitlittohlk plandfOitedolog es.t!ite6 F60'1.6'04(1 lily' Mi4titii fibllioke„ M.w301,,t 134 io ;"iiiik"Keishlf, I§lfiraleti;Triaga 1 'lting,,na s'4al'ilf thCstittpF'eliigir4te ,A"iiiolii3l4of6', 'Wag beatitifultylikiideffd bSt- Ws' Pfelen-illdtrell. ' lft,ii: , 'Xitkin aecrppanied 9,lck the Van orte. nue vicitEiosed! `ttroitrrib2llMM,oo f.' : 1... riAxt)4fOttlf_ ' i.:0!";117gt (Ii ' '

'• I:1 I ' .":" =.•!" a, )11 14.4.--.44.—• 111 i I t 11: Dastantrrivn FanrisFr abeirriluarter to . one on: Saturtfay afternwln,4re was disetrVare btokeri, ,crut iii the, etackpard• -of Starkiel'idf Brook/ Farm, Aigdetion,itheyestate,thrtar)rdleorge,Diretwynd. Bart.)' IS kb ,gone 4 deSPatehad -•alltnelseingett narned Conetannon borseback-ory.-Altstneliate),for eg- )aistanda, and-the)mernbtrs of the-brigade aesettribledrvery" under•the conlmand Sunerinterrtient Yoram,' Whey •reat•i7erl the,scrine,,of,the erre within 25, Minutest - , after . the • r eceipt ofthe/bit elligenet% • At that ti ail are •abed nr-asuring 29ft. by 22ft):: built 'en six r.tick pillars ,and roofed with thnberstnri state,svits ensirely.destrciyect. This contained flve'oreia tent of' hay and ten'or 'twelve tons of straw, the'w4olCtrf •whlefil was-donsurned; A' •etack-boutaining about,eight)eir ,ten.- tone) of, eats wart also in flames about three) three, rattle hircitni :the, I !shed, ,-Whileahout nine yards distant sr itatck dontaining-.30 tens' ,of clover was also burning. (Disci Are brigade 'obtaine.t". an abundant•supply, of, water i from) an • dedjacent brook, •'" dhd also /*nth in dhei), yard, and diretated thein, attention towards.soving ,thasvijlirving, outbuildings and" •prod nee. • ) !They succeeded in nteventint the spread :of , the flames to the outtaiiidings,•,and were saceessfek- in• - saving"sorne 'portion,' Erb) oars amt clover: The flames were not entirely extinguished,untili about 'nine o'clock, on siirelay'rnorning.• • 'Modnap iwesstinytted at &lout ,L350,1th0 whole of which it covered, by insurance in thur, • Caledonian Insurance46.llTheviligiu o&vthe *e4' u.' known. • o • , •,. • .r.rl . ITE MILLIONAT UR'S tDA UGHTE R AND ' THE.' ITYTSBOY. " ,•'' • Dunuivant, the newstoy viktlr whocn Uie dauler Mr. Potter, a ca,cago in' II rc;,' Yell ip love, an was: afterwards arrestmd at t lie w5ty.41,00,,df.. Mr.r oitr lodged in gaol on a cliar'fei3Oti Wrpecut;ing the'. tk lady, has obtained a vet% thg. a',ition 'for f prisonerelit to brought against the 'Millionaire a"se ura4. ,

1.,01

===== 0002601_18930415_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND SEEN.% ,WARRINOXON.

Mr. W. J. Shaw, who has been, placed on the Town Council ''ae`Ptibe'B.Tri óf by Tory votes has given wpsigeß•thEtty.beolvill at the next meeting of the Guardians move a motion winch' "ettfOutita` ea the VirtOtil 'distniisal of' Dr. Gotnall froffi 'the'llest f utiti VaCCinatdr; • .what reason Dr. awnall has filled this of for many year* and'A,erii,',47, gioLVO4 Of the way :he has perfonned:sits ditties. Mr. shave,, says he wants the .appointment thrown opetvtaq public -competitione'e Rae-there are seeveral -officers contecticiwwitti ti‘U Gdardilint ivho.°",r hold their places on the same' Does Mr. Miliw intendll4t,stplreso other appoint- 'inenti.ah Opent4r cotiibetition every 'year?" ,if notovlw.net-P. • . The =ere fact tnat,these ptfierofficers,are--Conservatives •while Dr. Gornall 'lo4,pents CO* bee. Liberal, iv SurtilT;Tot-the reaeo .jr ttlia.lnvi4l tlyCriMiriatiOn. would:be:l* .o.Vcducing to iWorrangtou.the pernicious American 1;spoi1s" system with a vengeance. •I.‘ w?phfief,Vdt ftWitie,fikal.ifieli.:Orthe:: to like xlije brilliant idea of the irre'presslble,W.J. He is •goinglo give theme ehante.nf having an annual scranfhle flir the Trott "of 'public' 'vaccinator. Ile wintliVe,OidAer;.#l6m`;'#4ll.:all the pilvilegea of, -L 'the butcherandthe.holter, and the coffiu maker,itid the truni wholilraves,theerzuwates of the Workhotise, ato ititrli per SCreib ,1141.1ilewilfc tesays,reat _ theviakia4N."o-14ir,' ii,„,"14111:48'."694tra,as fOr Pio- ' ,yisionsraoe.new„tre ...,ahat means, If it means Anything eh slip that' the doctor; and especially the 4.,younthrfactfity,'," Whir wants promotion will have to senal4 iie41,44A0,004 AclitrOitlige termo-rso,, inuch•per inlant,,operated-,upooz lUglit I suggest 'that the usual condition,. `. the. lowest .tendennot necesEitrily aCtlept'ed•l'lbereplficed-bxt",lCoLiherale ' • I may say at once that4nhave no, ohlection to 'Opporturittles"otlipromotiort being • given to the ".rpungeiJ faCifity" ot riiiybolly'erse;but to to make the bprt'nnttleu. b 1 'niuiunavily di sing ohd &itaiit#jigAinat':*,ho*tlfgrti'lftabaoaUj nb cq_ •-•a ,preceedlini

--7 fry : 'A ~,seut. ~, ,„,,s ,Al,ftint,,,aa„ a..,„ ,ng, soAitterizi I;e:neat4:o4l24 ..1C MA tempt, that 1 am sure neither the Board of Guar- : ~to 6thane'.•nor any other . pidgin k body. in Warrington , ... 4would think of '•descending mit fora moment..i.— .1 .0. There: Vas intnen3od at gi Str 0 4A9 ‘l4 1)114014, insekl at the '. suspensory" meeting held at Warring- -,„,,,,.,,fr • 'ton a few weeks ago but it was feeble in its mild- nese and litiaibciliEleirialliek-bi iiiiiiiiiiTity when-7:77'. „ 'ethivated with that, of • the Rev. J. W. Rhcides; ot i p4rton, who spoke at a meeting in Liverpool this ',week. Said the reverend ,gentlereari :--" He that time; not!ar,Snider rifle, let ihim go and sell his soul : t and buy one." 'Churchmen. had no more right to ••,. ',lv , talk of peace with their opponente than of cultiv.at, .; ..I.i.P lin the moon." -"(011," ~and • applause.) •What are-i'-4,t0 we coining 'eq.?" Wedtaiinot even' talk about Home', 'AV 'Ride for,lreland,'Aisdatablishitig a church': or dioen.," dtl*ing a liquor 'triiffig,.'ViltbOut, Somebody or other" 4,thftatening, to hancll4'llte-arine. •'' •••• ••, :J.,:-.2..:t1a+ improvement • , ...s • ,-..'.. , .-‘-••:,regie , ,Amongst,,tua ,many „ ,wo..ich are 4t, jai tieing made' to our , park,. I notice that; there sexeralvaldahle •adclitious to .the . aviary-1 A glitaa4r* • tank has been erected guite;close to the :wire mg, and iff IV are some peculiar specimens of ",goidn. Aida 'fish." Two of them are blessed with a counle.otty tdir doable tails each ; Eiltithtt \ li,as. two tails protruding i 'parallelViliii' eiteh' tit her itud 'another is posSegsed 'tit ,'I.T. rd, 04,6113 ,/fill '()t ,a " perpendicular cbaracter:'77*l 'There',:are-r,'al !1 iO; "- ,nu,ioer' of other ' ' !Alp:01 ai .'... r'tn,tiosit#ol,,,Siieaknag of ,the.' park. by the ,iyo: iv7:7: rananaic.,efon, coecplatnt., I bp.,ve.tfreftrd, from .that....z. utttM" vquarter (luring the week. A t Oct% time 0.49 abope „,,,, (eid,erable amouut Of trouble was taken tO lay.out.o , matercress.bed. ~,A gardener, went to attendln:thik ,m•All ,one morning during:the week, and discovered that!: 7)JLIV (some iiirliffdeativrithytoo,' math- spare time on his;' set: hail d s .hatrbeelti'titerriplying6. J the , prov ern'. aistut...“-.» idia V lib 'l4:Salle'. ,id". ~All,ishliitif.'" The"' perseirms,iwr 'id yqueitliiiil'airtoq iiV evert' root o t 'crett' in tla 6 '4,4011 bd a, and thrbwn a Colitly,ip'fiii tk ttnies',‘Liti46/Ythisiti;es,o4.oo Tge 5i1mA0v1411440.7.10P.,.taPE,3 xeceij'j%eiehh4 m , ~An t4ru5,up404,4qw4„94 4i.,Paths• ,I:o,,AuP3.int.tif ,People astlipse,i a ;gOod•large GOlA4lon witP, PAWN cif„thietles ea iit would.ho, a - suitable recr,aati,pn „.451 , .. • • ?•., ~ •, , . 6 MERLI.Nit`,. lis rees 'WOMEN 'S . ' TEN.PE HANCE -ASSOCIAT vt,1,1, ! ,j rr 4411:1;,_....; , r.i i, ,t .4111 1M .:1 rasa ka. 12 ~ " . 'An ,i4eteitiej4 nigettnt,',of • the ItinChreWotlltin'ti•ss on Temp,erancalt;idtati f6A , place ritfirditbdt4, 'aftel_3ll_ll,r ,p;Obn,,in the, win OA ludly, lent ft,i,r,t lieflioebililipil .7,7 ti 0,.• The(oo4o,,,P;9#orFitil „,-,s ,14 by Mrs. ,T.. Si mkimp . Hii ,iAlleru ~was .a atiMecgk,LP4t,,F,' mu. RAt her' of, motherdnan4;llll%o6;4 ,of qv?' comcalee. - : -- mothers:had , been .pereonany invite , ..g 640:„Agi '38144 connaittee. Mrs... Att Lining, . ,viii:g : qrrPl:s/ nAqic:s4.:.' )4NI tine-, Ship ,Canai, missionary, delivered „a Ril ~ ,;. and( though sal d.4.er- add re. 4 s , would nV o, ;117 ::„.s talk from a mother to mothers," she proved heFe. •tato no, mean advocate, of- the re au se of te pi peraacc-,- 4.0011- , tactn to theladdresees, from the chair; and AirsfAina4ur jilss Am (T e aylor !contributed &We WM/at._ .'1 *.vl c 4, ant,p,,te.2l bighiyisppreciared.o,Miss ~Litt4er gaxp•fs:rww,pii.4. ui,al miss Andrews ,a,recitation,AdOth elPegtt9ear,Y S ,gR u' being listened-to witia el.craWile ,plea&Upp, , wkl.ile tint,pprl 4.,,,, •formainte of a•yount ,vielitlitt in .thePete94 gr,4141,til ,ifti 'kemperley raised theidelight... of; the audielauts4•s? 4 "Ptinst, pitch,., Miss. ~, fleMperl ey4ote4 as accom watt, it , fi Imi ..., , accustomed ability..LlTba•.PrPettenings,fwereponp o,deçl. ~,,i: tl .P, -withffii I 1 what is known as " ,afterpeon tea," ,129,410ed•rtd • .- Isigt ,by the ladiea.who had made the,arrangernents,,to Whit ~„ full lustice, eras dene., . The, success of the • 4.43olgutAaf snesi ,encouraged the Carilaliglea CO , ann.qunco . ,s, repetittioa. early neat moat!). •111 ;“ 1 h'm rf 4,1, I ri I•tilict uth ;0.1111 411 F; 1 it I it,- -.4 1. --Aew , .' .„ .i• ~..r., pntrylo ...fv.r.t‘ DAngsaUg t '24, .a :V..Z. 4 44V4, :11 .. ~410‘,, -1104gM10.1,,,m04. , ''f •,a ..-, 1 07, •.1.1,---"rm• ' I t 4%., ; .It• IliIR P. f,..-..A. ratetingof•this•Board wasp held- in tlielCugrtruci House; tlYstAsbnry,• on Thursday afternoon,. IMr,., Agliatt eharlfdti rarr,,./;10.,G.,,i presided: There. was,. -n tiodlatentlince'tif tilionbers, • and there • were oaisaMen Pte" , 4i. i#V(iuerey,ol9,' and 'Mr. Iliztalrersrim 1 V., • -. tlrtr, Its 11 'pr4 . , . ttler, ~ • wm,,:t 1,:fR.,,-• ,j,,,,is ~,,,. ...,y,,,,i,,frunaro Mr. A: W•ecliiild,assillt-mra. ',The, C to ' 'ti eblrithitiit Ida; int qyi le' StOttes "dri t1i15',,,•4, ritlse4 - le Sarieyet4as cr dada 1 . disctitiorirtiete -ilv9' irstruc. igh*iif Whietzi • `about,ti .difftirefit 'Omar 'et, ;Ibse /up, -rune* smut ifil M na, - for their, v - bertkids, .R. , standing, _., **When 0141 their:l,7as "renfetftiFti tn Th, d Yi" Mr. ~ s'ting',"llt Witlttidw -ht, . i v?Po a liSliia the 1/4rlaff`Wittiqsagi -- --,:ra" ....••ii II M 1 wt4ZR: 1404 me; lii‘i±4..•

J'9lf, ,4wg,

-*tjn

Satvo

===== 0002601_18930415_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
'l74i) t-014 c ,gundit

(Iftir4r4lP

4100 X r - 4,34,#.14014.4 bad .b6;30):RA0.7 "Ceii&r mr:

.. Rlron,

Irthe,% 4 'lk? bei

;40

11.Tt "thfittYolit

rsj jt'a hf

6A 0

baliPg"

7E 'Kendem! 4pt'the

itt ;T.W ,nI "..•37-10: . Atiatti'ff PtWPM-. ''''''t/ Citi , ~,.'s'li dae" '°" lagilffirti7 was • d'eet ed`ti& ji giltVa're4ite,"foittie sntieiVZ3l3:" ariranalloii'Td'itoensi. • ' "'“" "," `a ''''' The Ship Canal Onssrefittar-or -tlie,Dii-,i4 reported that march 20th; When it was' unanimously re- I'd amp, the Hittthw,ay Board be recommended to iiirtit4rodfl tply to the'llisticeslfoitpowk-14). Tbiibolisfi air lied flay'liLlabe laitliao weatartitd,'lori2losl/aggg_froln., soifeh' *est corhertof Idortry'Conimmt. .01)..A..: new • .., ~n.d t 'Called' ,Sandy tt Wharf,litne: leading:. antth . westi • of ci ,MorteYeonitteint:.''(3) -A. road leading t6l :yards: south :West' from 'flaritLlahe -"about - 300 • yards • bel tar: Walton i -tilt WTO6;I add' •ealledifflollingtworth-lane. 4J -'To .taira rgreeriirt eletenision•Wf 'rostd,leading, 'westward from Ray'," tti: YO eado or, cuts theltnib about 4110 • yards.. - t(SIli iX* t tta Ira -. • • 1. -OyeianmitensibtitottOid lbading-not th wardrfroin-northt : 'ilde or the Old Qtrayeanalabout 360 yards;lind, that tile Aiaterial on the old roads to be abolished, be allowed:to • ,t-: She rekiklvolltinff put iltiOn' thfl , roads tot be 'taken' far or: ah the of/500'4.6f the 6,WiletEr•tef, the Walton ••Ostate. i The! . w roil§ te`bl'finishOcr tb'ethe 'SatififaotiOn''of the •Ship ,•-•• . , ilasotial cstrike,Ynbocettlitteebas,h,fittLeitilktewtiteeltonf'getsh;fwallolyttiegestlt4allt-, l'..ir. Darbyshire Roposldthitt the, 'report of • the Co& it,' •,,' r i tee be ' lappted; 'Which Vig.s'agVe6d-to. •- : .. •• t ..tic. .11.11,,,.:,;:i' ' • .ott,flt.t tut A.,s4rk , titar.rettnt )ir MOORE; ' ' ,-- • ' Mt' .tritige tigiOrth ' , 0 . . eilikhrfiky 'Btiard: to thlrA aet, ie -I t' ' !,silpooKor eltbolifitht 'bflthe retry at --Dabter tffilottn. ,goore;. Mitt he shbitittitiott'br st but. -The, m • • •ghip',lCiti4l'Co. liadrjbtim' PitititMed 'Mr thrfn'ultetitilr,"'artr,;." eptiled•that if 'the' 10-dtit'airtfibtliy Made:lttroipplimiting 1 tpe:eVi,ebid Move is the mittet.' 'As no aettonciCaid Bet," ,taketi, Without the gonaletifiorMr.' Brans' bf ~the Weirton tfl' mtare; the Cletif witS'itlitiiitled to see M. Dram On the' .fsl2estioi4:e.TKl t.oport to the next meeting .0 Prvt Mit'ffi,"'l I f_. 1111:88 Pt° ed' • 'lle"Sones•eoniihderip that --• b tioe Ilmt . ,ibeh'inihtg a iite'helfftr iti aksiihst'6l-..list,yrar,tltri nr 1r• " .:9 the: heai'diepeti Itil fies lurit dining...the yert,.....17ht-,,,n Tate +as' aged to. '1 VirtFOrthtints owl pagett•td the iltit:t chairman and the meeting terminated. 40+01 utt , t. itt..9,4,,„,„ ' THE-. • WELSIL COLLIERY

14,•** aVv, r

411 t e toad,

DIgASTEE/ Upto Thuraday.kftyreight beFileii had been reeopreld liom, the Great Western ,Pit,at Pontypridd. i3xltwegy itions for further explorations boa, been fri4de,a,,,,,l aid hat seventy cofEns haste he ordered., 11,, e; 'being organised for the bereaved, and the chair nl/4 :145 "ated that the company itself will contribute £5,)3. d

Nta

..._ • viiiiienciO popt ! • b,totefi'. A:bAr: be iattel ,trOir,fylpYPAP AVE thi§l ;lirAE*;;-4 Vt o,dpr oc,;, ;4-4 114 ,111. rev yqg., !;1, ,#oteii asppd . fogie pq.a0640.61,,,tif ~iiiioe,cmtkittiae. The tpe rei riss s'ain m4in" '1044 'MU

===== 0002601_18930415_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
-- • ,t4solyitic** qPPesTlff stone, igruct ,

'tla

iey4r, - ds'

acodorclatl, Tinsttbdl 'ttet4,4

===== 0002601_18930415_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
IF NOT WHY NOT?

DO YOU ENJOY PERFECT HEALTH?

Marty persons suffer from ill-health and, it may be, are aMicted for years, simply because they have transgressed theLaWS OF NATURE. The simplest manner for man to secure immunity from disease is to obsers e and follow these laws as far as practic- able, and if illness overtakes him to take as remedies only such preparations as are supplied by nature. The only NATURAL remedies are vegetable, and the most renowned and efficient vegetable remedy of the present age is Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. This preparation is now extensively taken throughout the country by pa- tients suffering from weakness, ner- vousness and indigestion, with their numerous awl varied symptoms, and Its efficacy in all cases of the kind has been successfully established, and is attested by thousands of testimonials frons every district where it has been tried. Its claims have been tested and proved by the medical profeseion end others, and corroborated by the written testimony of eminent men. The Quinine Bitters contain not only a suitable quantity of quinine in each dose, but the active principles of the following well-known medicinal herbs --Sarsaparilla, Burdock, Dandelion. Gentian, Lavender. and Saffron. The use of quinine is well known, but it was never ea isfactorily combined with these preparations until the inventor of .these Bitters, after many and long continued experiments, was able to secure a perfectly unilorm combination of all the essential properties of the above lants in their greatest purity and concentration. It is a tonic " Pick-me-up," scientifically pre- pared in happy proportions. Gwilym Evans' Bitters are rec-m- -m ended by Doctors, Analysts, and Chemists for Weakness, Indigestion, Nervousness, Depression of Spirits, and all Winter Ailments. It is invaluable in restoring strength to persons who are weak after a long illness Of' CAUTION—Beware of the numerous:imitations which are being offered instead of the Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, and remember that no bottle is gentiles unless the name " Gwilym Beans" is on the label, stamp and bottle. Sold by all Chemists, in bottles, at Is. lid„ 2s. 9d. and a 4e. 6d. each, and in cases of three is 6d., bottles at 12s. 6d. each, or will be sent for the above prices, free by parcels post, direct from the Proprietors ,--Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South ' Wales.

CIWTLY3I

EVANS'

QM- INB

BITIBBS.

GWILYX EVANS'

BIT TB KS .

GWILYIII

EVANS'

QUININE

ITT ERS .

===== 0002601_18930415_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

AN UNHAPPY MARRIAGB. At the Warrington Borough Court on Saturday, William Dumbell, jun., was again brought up on the charge of unlawfully leaving his wife and children chargeable to the Warrington Union. Mr. Shearer said the case had been adjourned for 14 days to see if the parties could come to satisfactory terms, but they were now in the same position as they were before. The defendant had brought the 16 shillings owing to the Union, and was prepared to pay. He (Ur. Shearer) therefore withdrew the case. Mrs. Dumbell, said her husband had been on the Monday previous, to make an arrangement with her but she declined to make any arrangement. His abuse had been very great, he had threatened to take her life. The magistrates dismissed the case on the understanding that the defendant paid the money owing. "4 BANKED " IN TRH POOR Box. Four youths n med Istah Deakin (20), labourer, 23, Beswick-st., Thomas Ellison (17), 17. Percy-st. Henry Ellison (15), 20, Percy-st., James Jackson (14), 26, Percy-et. were charged at the Borough Court, on Mon- day, with having played at cards for money on Sunday, the 2nd April, ia Wellfield-'t. From the evidence it appeared that the four defendants were playing" Ban- ker" behind a tip when they were espied by P.C. Bar- low, who immediately pulled his tunic and helmet off and caught them redharaded and took the cards and 2s. 2d. in money. When asked by the magistrates who the money belonged to, the prisoners declined to own it, whereupon it was ordered to be put in the poor box. Deakin was fined 53. and costs, T. Ellison, ss. including eats, and the other two defendants 2.5. 6d. each. BROTHERS IN ADVERSITY. At the Warrington Police Court on Wednesday, James Hopkins and George Hopkins were charged on a warrant, with unlawfully and wilfully committing damage to a plate glass window of the Three Pigeons, to the extent of 455., on April 10. James was also charged with being disorderly and refus ng to quit the Three Pigeons tan the same date. William Chalmers, landlord of Three Pigeons said that en Weanesday prisoners came to that public-house. George stopped at the door way, and James came inside. As he was drunk, witness refused to serve him, and told him to go out. He refused, and witness had to put him out. The two prisoners then tried to force open the door. Witness held the door to keep them out, when the prisoner George lifted up his arm and pushed it through the window. The two pris- oners then ran away. Fred. Binks, barman, corrobor- ated. Detective Monaghan said that when he arrested prisoners, George stated that he broke the window,and not James. The magistrates fined prisoner James 10s. and costs or 14 days for refusing to quit, and George 455. and costs or one month's hard labour, for breaking the window. SHOCKING ASSAULT ON AN OLD WOMAN. At the Warrington Police Court on Tuesday, Thomas Kelly, was charged with maliciously inflicting bodily injuries on Honor Fleming, on Sunday the 9th inst. The Chief Constable said that complainant Honor Fleming was a widow, aged 64 years, living with prisoner as his housekeeper, in James-st., off Buttermarket-st. Pri- soner was a widower, aged 34 years. and had married complainant's daughter, who died two years ago, lea!- jog two children. About 10.45 on Sunday night, a noise like the breaking of a window and the crash of glass was heard coming from prisoner's house by some per- sons living opposite. They also beard cries of " Murder " and" Police." They went to the house and burst open the door, and found prisoner holding the woman by the throat, almost strangling her underneath the stairs. He was also kicking her. They pulled prisoner away, and found complainant bleeding profusely from the mouth. Prisoner was in a violent temper and was not sober. Complainant was taken away into the house of Mrs. Smith who lived opposite, and put to bed. On Monday, the matter was reported to Inspector Spinks by com- plainant's son, and a warrant was taken out against the prisoner, and he was arrested on Monday night. Dr. Peacocke said that he was called in on Monday to see complainant. Her left eye was considerably bruised and swol'en. There were bruises above the shoulder and in the ribs on the left side, and there were scratches all raver her face and neck, and black marks on the shoul- der. Prisoner was remanded until Friday. Kelly was again brought before the magistrates on Fri. day—Honor Fleming,who was very weak, and had to be supplied with a chair gave full details of the assault complained of, stating that she had been knocked down On the hearth stone, being pushed with her head against the door, and finally he had peshed her into tiff pantry, where he was beating her when she was rescued. Tim charge was altered at this stage into one of aggravated assault, to which prisoner, on the advice of Mr. Browns who appeared for him, pleaded guilty. Mr. Browne said that his client had had a good character in the army and at his work, and had been teetotal until last Sun- day, when he broke down. He had a quarrel with the old woman about a bill when he got home, and this was the cause of the row. The magistrate, considered this to be a very had case, and fined pr:eoner £5 including costs or one month's hard labour.

jumped on the line when there was a train backing into the station, and witness had to help him on to the plat- form, and told him he must not cross the line again. Prisoner became very quarrelsome and struck and kicked witness. Prisoner was tined ss.and costs for being drunk, and 10s. including costs, for the assault, or seven days' , hard labour for each charge. WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr. John Fairclough (chairman), and Mr. John Geddes. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—George Walters, Butter- market-street, on Tuesday night, ss. including costa or

7 days. THIIRSDAY.—Bef ore Alderman Sutton (chairman) and Councillor J. Fairclough. DESERTION OF FAXlLY.—William Waiting was charged with deserting his wife and three children and leaving them chargeable on the Warrington Union on April 6. Mr. Shearer said that prisoner's wife applied for relief on March 7,and when he visited the house he found them to be destitute. Prisoner had left them and gone to Derby, from where he sent several small sums, but in- sufficient to keep them. They were admitted into the Workhouse on April 7, and had incurred an expense of £2 4s. A warrant was issued against prisoner, and he was brought to Warrington from Derby. The case was adjourned for a month, on prisoner promising to find work and pay the expense incurred by the Union. AN OLD CASE OF DRUNBENNESS.—Frank O'Brien was I charged on a warrant, with being drunk and disorderly - in Buttermarket-street on May 24, 1892. Prisoner was ' summoned for the offence at the instance of P.C. Wheat- ley, but failed to appear, and that officer arrested him on I Wednesday night. Prisoner was fined 108. including costs or 7 days' imprisonment. Senoot CASES.—Charles Cherley, Bakehouse-yard, Latchford, fined 55.; Martin Carey, Old-road, Latchford, ss. ; Patrick Nestor, Dial-street, 55. ; John Rooney or Forster, Cockhedge-lane, 55.; John MacDonald, Rose and Crown-street, 10th appearance, 53. ; Wm. Farrington, Bewsey-road, sa. ; the latter defendant has already paid over £5 in fines. Mr. George Riley, school attendance inspector pros ecuted. FRlDAL—Before Alderman Wright (chairman), Dr. Gornall and Councillor Roberts. DRUNEENNESS.—Lawrencee Mack, in Bridge-st., OD Thursday, 55. including costs ; Joseph Ward, of School Brow, on April 9th, 203. and costs or one month's hard labour. SLEEPING OUT.—For this offence in Golden Grove-st., James McGinnis was sentenced to seven days hard labour and John Smith was discharged. WOMEN'S SQUABBLE.—Emma Holmes was charged with using threats against Mary Lawless on April Bth, and Mary Lawless was charged on a cross-summons with assaulting Mrs. Holmes on the same date. Mr. Arthur Browne appeared for Mrs. Lawless, and Mr. Percy Davies for Mrs. Holmes. Mr. Browne said that the parties lived on the opposite sides of Orford-st. On Saturday morning Mrs. Lawless went into the house of a neighbour named Mrs. Swindells to ask her to go with her to the magistrates clerk's office, to get a summons against Mrs. Holmes' daughter. While in the house, Mrs. Holmes came in and used the threats complained of. During the row, Mrs. Lawless threw some bread at Mrs. Holmes, which missed her and hit the wall. That was the only assault for which Mrs. Lawless was summoned. Mrs. Lawless and several witnesses gave evidence, after which Mr. Davies, who said that what Mrs. Lawless had thrown at his client had made a wound in her forehead, thought that the case ought to drop, and the two parties shake hands, to which Mr. Browne agreed. Amid loud laughter in the court, Mrs. Lawless and Mrs. Holmes were requested by their solicitors to shake hands. Mrs. Holmes said she was willing but Mrs. Lawless refused, much to the dm- gust of Mr. Browne, and the case was proceeded with, and resulted in both parties being bound over to keep the peace for six months, and each to pay their Olin Costs. APPLICATIONS FOR MAINTENANCE ORDERS.—Mr. Shearer applied for an order for is. 6d. each on Thomas and William Green for the maintenance of their father • is. per week on Wm. Cartwright, for his mother ; and for 4s. ad. per week on Robert Siddeley for his wife. The applications were granted. SMASHING WlNDOWS.—Patrick Burke was charged with breaking the glass windows of the house of Mary Thornton, Dial-street, on April 13th, and doing damage to the extent of £1 10s. Mary Thornton stated that de- fendant with two others was standing at the outside of her house at locking up time on Thursday. When she bolted the door, defendant commenced smashing the windows and broke every window pane at the front of the house. D. S. Monoghan corroborated. Defendant was fined 10s. and costs, and was ordered to pay the damage of the windows, or in default one month's hard labour. COLLECTING ON HIS OWN ACCOUNT.—At the Warring- ton Police Court on Friday, a young man named Geo. Wm. Dixon, was charged that, on March 25th he by false pretences, obtained certain money from Lydia Shelmerdine, 1, Birchall-street. Mr. Arthur Browne, who appeared to prosecute, said that defendant was formerly employed by the Provident Cloth'ng Club, of which he was a collector until March 17th. ie of the persons from whom he oollected was Mrs. Shelmerdine. The objects of the club were as follows :—A person joins the club, and has shares in it for which he pays is. per share,per week,and when he has paid 83,he is entitled to a check for £l, and still goes on paying is. per week until the £l. is paid. Defendant was discharged by Mr. Know les, the Warrington agent, on March 17th,and on the follow- ing week, he did not collect. On the week after that, however, he went to Mrs. Skelmerdine's house as though he was a collector. She asked him where he had been the previous week, and he replied that he had been away from home. Mrs. Shelmerdine then paid him and took some fresh shares, the money paid down being Us. 6d. for which he gave her a receipt,as be said he had not brought his books, but promising to enter the money in them the following week. Nothing further was heard of hint until Mr. Knowles heard of the affair, and the police were informed, and prisoner was arrested in Newcastle. The case was adjourned until Tuesday next.

RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS. MONDAY.—More Dr. Steele and Mr. P. Speakman. Licasists.—The following temporary transfers were granted : The Wheatsheaf, Bridge-st, from Samuel Wormll to Win. Faulkner and the Union Vaults, Union- at., from Mary Elizabeth Santley, to Wm. Faulkner. OBSTRUCTING THE FOOTPATEL—WiII. Johnson and Wm. Marshaw, of Gilbert-st., were summoned for obstruct- ing the footpath in Waterloo-rd. by stretching a rope across.—Superintendent Atherton said the obstruaion was a dangerous one.—Johnson was ordered to pay costs and the case against Marshaw was adjourned for a week. A Row AT Wuvrow.—Mary Booth and Wm. Johnson of Banke's-row, Weston, were summoned for assaulting Ann Davies, on the ath inst., and Ann Davies was sum- moned for assaulting Mary Booth. Mr. Wynne Humph- reys appeared for Davies and Mr. Burton represented Booth and Johnson. The Bench bound over the whole of the parties over to keep the peace for six months,each to pay costs. DELINEENNESS.—The following persons were fined for this offence: Mary Hand, Granville-at., Patrick Bone, Hallwood Farm, Ellen Jannion, of Liverpool. Dais AT LAROIL—Jno. Bedford, labourer, Grosvenor- st., was fined ed. and costs for hiving his dog at large without collar or muzzle. CARD PLAYING !teem—Thomas Holden was charged with gaming with cards at the Stenehills, on Sunday afternoon, and with assaulting P.C. Gregory while in the execution of his duty.—P.C.'s Jewett and Gregory proved the gambling. The prisoner had struck Gregory twice on the chest.—Superintendent Atherton described this card playing as an abominable nuisance, and said he had to put plain clothes men on to catchthe offenders —The Bench expressed their determination to put down the practice and fined the prisoner 53. and costs 83. for the gaming and 10s. and costs for the assault, or in de- fault 21 days. DESERTION OF WIFE AND PAMlLY.—C.Rowson,labourer, was UtiAt2liJudit for deserting his wife family. It was stated that the defendant had not lived with his wife for six years nor contributed anything towards the maintenance of his family.—He was ordered to pay ss. week, and the costs of the order, us. ed. TRH HALTON BLACEsMITH AND HIS WlFE.—Frederick Ellison. blacksmith, Stretford, was summoned by his wife. Ellen Ellison. of Halton. for deserting her. Mr. E. Wynne Humphreys appeared for complainant, and Mr. liatty, solicitor, Manchester, represented defendant. —Mr. Humphreys stated that the parties unfortunately had been married 33 years, and had four children, all grown up. Up to four years ago, they resided at Nor- ton, where the defendant was in the employ of Sir Richard M. Brooke, but was now engaged at Stretford. In May 1889, he took the Railway Vaults, Nantwich,and his wife managed it. Be continued at Norton until the succeeding February, but on several occasions went over and assaulted her, knocking four teeth out on oRe occasion. In February 1890, he went to the Vaults, and on being asked to assist in the house he refused. He was continually in drink, and if he served a customer, he took good care to spend the money. He went to Crewe, and thence to Stretford, where he had lived for two years. She asked for a home, when he said there was.a cellar which was good enough for her. • He had insinuated that his wife had committed adultery, where- as he himself had been guilty of misconduct. He had gone so far as to propose marriage to another woman, under the belief that he was a widower.—Ellen Ellison having given evidence in support of theabove statement said in cross-examination that it was not a fact that the summons had been taken out for annoyance. She had stated that she would not live with him again. She had not assaulted her husband, but had slapped him in the face three or four times. (Laughter.) Mi . Battystated that matrimonial difficulties were always very distressing There had been faults on both sides—fits of passion and abusive language on both sides, which had resulted in considerable unhappiness. He contended that there bad been no wilful desertion on the husband's part—in fact, the wife had deserted him. His client would deny the accusation of adultery. The Bench suggested that an effort should be made to come to an amicable settlement parties and their solicitors then retired. On return- tlg to court Mr. Humphreys said they were no nearer dement, but hoping time might bring about a change, they suggested an adjournment for a fortnight. It in the meantime they could agree to terms the Bench would hear nothing further of it.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
If INO It UASEB.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT. MateneY.—Before Mr. F. Monks, (in the chair) Alder- man Francomb, Mr. W. Pierpoint and Mr. S. Wright. DESERTERS.—MichaeI Morris, was charged with tieing a deserter from the South Lancashire Regiment, since October last and was sent to Strangeways Gaol to await an escort. Patrick O'Leary, for being a deserter from the South Lancashire Regiment since 1883, was handed over to the military authorities at the Barracks. Dantra.—Thomas Mulligan, 80, Pierpoint-street, for this offence in Bewsey-street, was dismissed on paying the lock-up fee. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—The following persons were dealt with for this offence :—Catherine Ryan, in Sankey- street, ss. and costs. Edward Murray, labourer, Berry's Yard, ss. and costs. Stephen Collins, labourer, 2, Welsh's Yard, in Mersey-street, ss. includ:ng costs. Mary Roberts, 6, Buckley s Yard, dismissed. STREET OBSTRUCTION.—John Liddle, mineral water manufacturer, Crown-street. was charged with allowing a horse and turn, to stand an unnecessary length of time, in Bridge-street, on. the 24th March. He was fined ss. and costs.—James Tarburton, labourer, 2, Cambria Place, was charged with allowing a hamper to lie across the footpath, opposite the Central Station on the 25th March. The case was dismissed.—Paul Peter Cramp- ton, for allowing three boxes to stand from 5 o'clock to eight, in Temple Court, on the 30th March, was fined ss. including costs. SToten TruioWitns Fogo.—Hanry Allinson, 58,Chorley- street, and Thomas Campbell, 32, Factory-lane, two young men were charged with throwing stones in Win_ arleign-streett Campt'ell who gave- his wrong tame m and address was fined 55. and costs, and Allinson ss. in- cluding costs. Tustin/cr.—Before Mr. E. J. Guest (chairman) and Counci,lor Fleming. FRAI7DOLINTEE-ENLISTMENT.—Wra.Johnson was Cbarg- ed with fraudulent re-enlisting in the 3rd South Lancashire Militia an March 24, belonging at the same time to the 3rd Manchester Regiment. Prisoner pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to one month's hard labour. ASSAULT ON A STATION MASTER. *- John Reynolds, Earlestown, was charged: with being drunk and dis- orderly at Bank Quay Station, on Monday night. and also with. assaulting William Harter, the night station master. Wm. Barter said that on Monday night pri- soner, who was the worse for drink, crossed the line at the station several times. On one occasion be

===== 0002601_18930415_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
• • , t. I- • ; 1 . t •. fAc. • "4 _ _

===== 0002601_18930415_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, APRIL 15, 1893.

point, hut the verdict was in favour of Runcorn, and the place taken by Warder, who failed to convert. From the drop out James Bate ran down to the Runcorn quar- ters, but he could not pass flou,ghton, and although Warrington early pressed the quick forward play of the homesters, caused the game to be of an even nature. Every inch of ground was vigorously contested, whilst a dribble by James Bate, Jolley, and Randlws saw Crompton baffled, but not so with Houghton, who met the opposing force in remarkably cool style, and another powerful kick drove the visitors back to neutral quar- ters. From there Ashton, Berry, and Davies, led the , way back to the Runcorn lines, and a mark to James Bate negatived a kick by J. Faulkner. Riley and Gayter ably led the homesters past the half-way, and then Half-time . .

was called with Runcorn leading by a try and a minor , to two minors. Turner re-started, and exchanges be- , tween W. Faulkner and J. W. Evans ruled the oval at half way. A capital display of passing by J. Faulkner and W. Faulkner saw Warder failing to take an easy chance. The miss led up to Warrington rushing past the half way, Holmes and Bandies leading the way, and a penalty falling to Fair Terner,the kick was a poor one, and Frank Turner following suit a moment later, a scramble ensued, Heesom stepping in the breach and forcing the oval at the home quarter. Houghton was tackled near his goal, and John Bate experienced the hardest of luck, actually getting over, but superior strength on the part of Houghton carried him back in play. A rush of the home forwards, headed by Farmer and Davies,was followed by splendid play on the part of Houghton and Boscow;the Warringtonian this time hav- ing the better of the exchanges. Evans now shone with a good run along touch, and finally punted to Houghton, but again the Runcorn defence was sound. The Warringtonians so far had had the best of this half, and it was now Runcorn's turn to attack for a time. James Bate kicking over Houghton's head, and Evans raced up for the try, but a plea of being touch in goal was sustained. From the drop out Warrington still pursued their aggressive work, and it again fell to the lot of Houghton to clear, a brilliant run by that player being marred by his pass being forward. The visitors would not be denied, and in the last few minutes Barnes essayed a drop at goal, but the shot being wide, Evans raced up and dodging his opponents got in be- hind the posts, but again was the point overruled. The rest of the play was confined to half way, and the finish of an exciting game was a Victory for Runcorn by a try and a minor to three mieors. The game, if lacking in finish, was nevertheless exciting. Both sides were at fault in many of their essays, especially so when near the line. In close rushing movements Warrington held a distinct advant- age, but to the winners praise is due for the admirable way they followed up the powerful punts of their custodian. By this means Boscow was severely harassed and the wonder was that Runcorn were kept at bay in the early stages of the game. Towards the close the homesters were kept strictly on the defensive, and it must be admitted that Warrington experienced the hardest luck. Individually Houghton stood out as being the best back on the field. Not only were his powerful punts of immense service to his side, but the occasional sprints he obliged with,raised the enthusiasm to a high pitch. Next to Houghton came J. Faulkner, and of the forwards Riley and Langley were the pick. On the Warrington side, Heesom had the most to do of the three-quarters, and this was accomplished in a finished style. The two Bates got through a vast amount of work with credit, and of the forwards none did better than Holmes, Berry, and Jolley. It is to be regretted that Abrams met with an accident which com- pelled him to retire in the second half, whilst Jolley was also asked to retire for adopting too vigorous tactics.

I RUNCORN v. WIDNRS.—These teams played their return fixture at Runcorn, on Saturday.before 4,000 spectators. The homesters were without Kingston, Morris, and Abrams, while Widnes had a strong team. Barber started for Widnes at 3 45, and a scrimmage was formed in the home 25, but Crompton averted danger, Alford grasped him. But soon afterwards Brennan was hard pressed. Crompton made one of his fine drops at goal, but it was wide of the desired mark. Peter Riley had a good chance, but kicked the ball too hard. Clarke I made a fine run, but Houghton proved a stumbling- block, and play was taken to the centre lines. A scrim- mage on Runcorn line looked ominous for the Chemicals, but Wright cleared the danger. Runcorn were soon back, however, and had the advantage in a scrimmage. Some • fine passing between Houghton, Faulkner, and Crompton ended in the last-named making another un- successful attempt to drop a goal. A. combined rush by the Widnes forwards was the next item of interest, an Houghton missing his kick Clarke gained some ground. Brennan did a capital piece of work with a run and a punt, but Crompton changed the venue to the centre line. Widnes were penalized for offside, and Brennan again distinguished himself with his defen- sive tactics. A grand piece of passing between the brothers Faulkner ended in J. Faulkner scoring a try, Warder failing at goal. After this the Widnes defence had a warm time of it. Time after time Brennan had to clear his lines, and was ably supported by Barber and Wright. Crompton took a pass from W. Faulkner and scored a second try for the homesters. Houghton failed to improve. A series of scrimmages then ensued in midfield. Half-time score: Runcorn 2 tries 5 minors, Widnes 2 minors. Hughes restarted, and Widnes hav- ing the aseistance of the wind were first to attack, but Houghton was in his best form and kept the visitors at , bay. Drummond lost a good chance by kicking too ' strongly, and only a minor resulted. Runcorn exhibited some beautiful passing, which almost ended in another downfall of the Widnes lines. The visitors showed great determination and Houghton put in three grand kicks in as many seconds. Drummond shaved one of the uprights with a splendid drop at goal, and Runcorn managed to clear Widnes out of their twenty-five. Final result—Runcorn 3 tries 6 minors, Widnes 2 minors. Runcorn team : Houghton, back ; Crompton, Faulk- ner, and Warder, three-quarter backs; Faulkner ' and Robinson, half-hacks; Farmer, Hughes, Riley, Taylor, Davies, Langley, Williams, S. Taylor and Reece, forwards. Widnes : Brennan, back ; Alford, Barber, and Clarke, three-quarter backs ; Drummond and Wright, half-backs ; Johnson, Forster, Gordon, Whelan, Hogan, Ridgway, Fraser, Wynne and Shaw, forwards. Ruscoarr v. WIDNES" A" Tnams.—These teams met for the second time this season on Saturday, on the Lewerhouse ground, Widnes. The horn. team had got together an unusually strong fifteen, including G. Wain- wright (Runcorn), Hardman, and Hartles. Runcorn were also fairly well represented. Evans started the ball, and play was immediately taken to the home end. the Wid- nes backs having all their work cut out to keep their lines intact. Hardman brought relief, and headed the Widnes forwards in s capital rush, Butterworth saving in good style. W. Evans, Nickson, and Flollingsworth, passed very prettily, which again forced the home team to defend. Hughes madenn effort to get through, but failed to clear the Runcornian backs, and upon Nickson receiving the ball from W. Evans, that player threaded his way through the Widnes backs, and completed a graed try by scoring under the posts, Butterworth fail- ing at an easy place. Widnes played up strongly after this reverse, and Wainwright receiving a wide pass got ' over near the corner flag, no goal resulting. Play was now very even up to the interval. During the second moiety Runcorn had all the best of the game. Only once did Widnes break away, and were allowed to score an easy try, whilst Dunvaband dropped a goal and scored a try. The game eventually ended—Runcorn, 2 goals, cne try, four minors ; Widnes, two tries. WARRINGTON 2m v. DAVENPORT.—The above match took place at Wilderpool-causeway on Saturday. At the call of time the visitors retired winners of an interesting game by 1 goal 3 tries to 1 try. --

ASSOCIATION. MEDAL COMPETITION.—SECOND ROUND. WARRINGTON CRICKET v. ST. ELPRINS.—These teams met on Saturday, on the Cricket ground, Arley, to which of them should enter the setni-ffinal for this competition. There wese about a thousama specta- tors present. St. Elphins won the toss and defended the east goal. Alderman Francomb, in the absence of Mr. R. Pierpoint, M.P., kicked off. The Cricket Club at onoe made tracks for the Saints' goal, but were repulsed by Marshall and the Rev. T. W. Cook. The Saints now had their turn, and J. Colley missed two splendid chances of scoring by shooting too high. From the goal kick, the Cricket men ran across the field, and Cook saved just in the nick of time. The Saints again attacked and Fc saved a stinger from Clayton. A good centre was made by Itherwood,and the Saints had great difficulty in clear- ing, but the ball was at length shot wide. From the goal kick, the Saints rushed the ball across the field, and an exciting scrimmage took place before the Cricket men's goal, and at length Scarisbrick scored. Imme- diately after the re-start, the Saints pressed again, and from a penalty kick Forrest had to concede a corner, which, however, was fruitless. Connor had hard lines in not scoring, Marshall spoiling him. Exciting play followed, the ball bobbing in front of the Saints' goal from time to time. Half time—St. Elphins, one goal ; Cricket, nil. The Cricket Club had the best of matters for some time, when Marshall was ordered off the field for rough play, and the Cricket equalised from the penalty kick given. St.Elphins' chance seemed hopeless now, as they had to play the remainder of the game with only ten men against the wind, but they played up pluckily,and Higginbottom again placed them ahead. The Rev. T. W. Cook at this portion of the game per- formed wonders, and prevented the Cricket from scoring repeatedly, but at length Connor got past Bates. Each team now put forward their utmost to gain the winning point,and about hall-a-minute from time Clayton scored from a scrimmage, St. Elphins thus winning by 3 goals to Cricket 2 goals. The following were the teams : Cricket : Goal, Forrest ; full backs, Francomb and Hannah ; half backs, Chidlaw, Williamson, and Dunn ; forwards, Reid, Fennelly, Connor, Hoare, and Isher- wood. St. Elphins : Goal, Bates ; full backs, Marshall and Rev. T. W. Cook ; half backs, R. Colley, Phcenix, and Clayton ; forwards, J. Colley, Higginbottom, Semis- brick, Hatton, and Taylor.

wresl

TBE POPULAR BEVERAGE tor Breakfast, Luncheon, Tea out Supper in all seasons Is CADBURY'S COCOA. —Comforting. strengthening, nourishing—for old and young, robust and feeble. CADBURY'S COCOA is absolutely pure.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL,

Secretaries of Football Clubs are requested to note tha reports of matches played on Saturday must be sent to the head office, Bevriey-street. Warrington, not later than ten o'clock on Wednesday morning.

eIRICKETHRS. Lawn Tennisers, and Golfers are reminded li. I that GEO G. BUSS Y t Co. manufacture high-elass requisites. Their new catalogue is obtainable from Local Dealers, or the Sports Manufactory, Peckham Rye, S.H. Trade +ewe Mark.

RUGBY. LANCASHIRE CUP COMPETITION. WARRINGTON v. SWINTON. The return fixture between these clubs stood out as being the most important in Lancashire Rugby football on Saturday. The match was played en the spacious ground at Wilderspool, and the fact that Swinton are leaders in this year's League, coupled with the know- ledge that the homesters were determined on wiping out that two goals defeat incurred at the early part of the season, there was no wonder that the " gate ' was a large ene—the second largest of the season. Swinton were fresh from their tour in Wales, and their combina- tion included that capital player, F. P. Jones the New Brighton and International three-quarter. Originally the visitors intended to play the Welsh system of four three-quarters, but the absence of Winterbottom saw the visitors adopting the orthodox style, and Lewis was drafted to back, and a place found for C. Honey in the forwards. The homesters were without the capable services of Ashton, Frank Turner, and Thorniley. It was ten minutes after the advertised time to kick-off- 3-30—before Bumby started towards the pavilion goal, and Swinton en the onset pressed. Kicks by Turner and James Bate changed operations to half-way, whilst exchanges between Bum- by and Evans saw the latter punting high to Valentine, and this player mulling, be was floored by Higham, Holmes, and Jolley, and Warrington set up a permanent attack. A rush by Jolley, Nevins, Berry, and Holmes was well met, and though Jones cleared the homesters would not be denied the invasion, and play was confined to the Swinton 25. Twice Valentine essayed to clear, but it was no go, and eventually a pretty bit of play by Eleesom completely beat Jones, and the oval being loose John Bate fielded well, and in five minutes time had

Crossed the Line, a noint which Fair. furner failed to improve. Heesorn was again prominent in the drop-out, and the Warring- ton star was again in the ascentiancy,the tacklina being sure, whilst the several essays of Valentine and Pearson were met by Evans, Nevins, and Barnes. A mark to Boscow saw Evans tackling Pearson on his lines, and James Bate essayed a drop at goal, a minor being sent up. Following some brilliant play by the home forwards Lewis had a kick charged,but grand passing by Bumby, Brockbank, Valentine, and Jones saw the half-way line being crossed, and though Donohue gained a matter of ten yards in one determined struggle, another beautiful hit of passing started by Brockbank and taken up by Bumby, Valentine and Pearson ended in the latter Scoring at the Corner, the kick failing. With the teams on an equal footing the game was renewed, and a free kick to Turner saw Valentine again at fault. John Bate kicked well, whilst the play of Heesom was of such a nature as to win the admiration of a critical crowd. Sharpies and Hallam led the Manchester men out of danger, but Warrington persisted in the attack, and tricky play by Barnes and Nevins again saw Lewis conceding a miner. James Bate tried to get through, and Warrington being penal- ized, Holmes charged tke kick, which Valentine luckily recovered. A scrimmage followed under the posts, and a sharp pass from John Bate to Barnes saw the popular centre drop at goal, but the oval fell short of the line. However, the attack was maintained, and success at- tended the locals a minute later, for some sharp practice between John Bate and Berry ended in the former

Racing Over for his second try and Turner giving his side a substan- tial lead of five points. The decision was not at all relished by the Swintonians, and it was some time before the game was resumed. On re-starting from midfield both sides displayed remarkable vigour, and the tackling was indeed severe. Swinton continued to be hard pressed, and Davies in a single-handed essay almost landed Lewis and the oval beneath the posts. Nevins met the drop-out in true style, and from a line-out near the posts Jolley struggled hard for a substantial point, but the opposition was teo strong ; and Murray dribbl- ing out of danger, play was at Swinton quarter-flag when the _ . .

Internal arrival with the score as Warrington, 1-1-2 ; Swinton, 0-1-0. On re-starting, the same vigorous tactics were adopted, and after the exchanges, a fine movement by the Swinton forwards saw the Warrington quarters invaded. James Bate cleared, and Barnes kicked past Valentine, but luckily for Swinton, he soon afterwards made his mark, which recovered the lost ground. Bos- cow failed to extricate himself out of a difficult position, and it was left to pretty passing by the Bates, Barnes, and Heesom to change the venue. Rothwel: led the way again to Roscow, who cleared splendidly this time, and then exchanges between James Bate and Lewis ended in favour of the visitors. Berry, Higham, Davies, and Turner were foremost in wheeling a scrimmage, but Brockbank turned the oval aside, and then fine passing by the Swinton backs saw Jones displaying the white feather, and rather than face the opposition he dropped at goal, a minor being conceded. Smart passing by the Bates and Evans was followed by Pearson retuning strongly, and passing to Hotchkiss, who put the Finishing Stroke to the pretty run, and Brockbank placed the sides level with a smartly placed goal. From the re-start, Jolley and Handles bore down on the visitors' goal, and although a free kick fell to Valentine, Evans dodged splendidly, and the homesters still assumed the aggres- sive. Lewis was held in close proximity to his goal by Nevins, and then another pretty bout of passing by the home backs saw Heesom being pulled up when scoring seemed brobable. Exchanges followed, and an incursion was paid to the other end, and Jones kicked wildly, a minor being sent up. The homesters attacked in strong force in the last stages of the game, but he7ond a minor nothing occurred, and the final result was a draw. Score :—Warrington: 1-1-3 ; Swinton, 1-1-2. Warrington : J. Boscow, back ; T. Barnes, J. W. Evans, and F. Heesom. three-quarter backs ; James Bate and John Bate (captain), half-backs ; Fair. Turner, J. Jolley, W. Nevins, W. Bandies, T. Donohue, J. Berry, J. Holmes, J. Higharn, and T. Davies, forwards. Swin- ton :J. T. Lewis, back J. Valentine, W. Pearson, and F. P. Jones, three-quarter backs ; H. Brockbank and W Bumby (captain), half backs; G. H. Murray, C. H. Horley, N. Hotchkiss, G. Sharpies, T. Rothwell, S. Hall, W. Evans, T. Hallam, and C. Walsh, forwards. Referee Mr. J. H. Payne, hop. secretary Lancashire County Football Club. Touch judges: Swinton, Mr. T. Banks; Warrington, Mr. W. Povey.

RUNCORN V. WARRINGTON. This match was played at Runcorn on Wednesday evening before a large attendance. The clubs had not met in club fixtures for nearly seven years, and when it was decided at the commencement of the present season to renew them, satisfaction was expressed on all sides. The first match should have been played at Warrington, on Monday, October 10th, but the floods at that time rendered the Warrington ground in an unfit condition. It is satisfactory to note that the return will be played on the 24'h inst. Runcorn were without Morris and Kingston, but Abrams made a welcome re-appearance in tne team. On the Warrington side, Nevins and Big- ham were absent from those originally selected, their places being taken up by Frank Turner and Thorniley. It was six o'clock before the Teams lined up, and they were found to be composed as fol- lows :—Warrington : J. Boscow, back ; F.--Heesorn, T. Barnes, and J. W. Evans, three-quarters; James Bate and John Bate, half-backs ,•LI. Ashton (captain), Fair. .T Tnllayr, W Ravishes. W Berry. rank Torn.r. J. Holmes, J. T. Thorniley, and. Davies, orwards. Runcorn: S. Houghton, back ;J. H. Crompton, W. Faulkner, and r. Warder, three-quarters ; S. Abrams and J. Faulkner, half backs; P. Riley, J. Langley, J. Williams, W. Reece, S. Taylor, Evans, T. Antrobus, Davies, and W. Gayter, forwards. Riley Started, and excbazges between Barnes and W. Faulkner ruled the play at half way, the first scrimmage being formed here. The homesters were fortunate in getting posses- sion, and a long kick travelled to Boscow, who failed to clear, and Warrington were hard pressed. A neat bit of passing by Barnes and Heesom was neutralized by a dribbling movement, conspicuous amongst others being Langley and Riley, and although Heesom fielded the oval well and punted to Houghton, the latter judiciously found touch, and play was again at midfield. Again the Runcorn forwards gained the better of the screw, and this advantage gained them the quarter flag, Boa. cow saving well. The two Bates quickly neutralized, passing with judgment, and finally reaching Houghton, who lacked n3thing in the tackling line. Langley and Rigby gained ground, but Jolley, Fair Turner, and Thorniley dribbled down the open, but Houghton stepped in, fielded well, and safely piloted back to the half way flag. Heesom next shone with a huge kick, which was productive of his side attacking, for Houghton this time failed to escape the attentions paid him, but the Cheshire men were afforded relief when a mark fell to Farmer and Boscow failed to respond, so smart was the following up of the home forwards. 'The visitors would not be denied, and one well meant 'effort by the two Bates, Barnes, and Heesom saw Hough" ton kicking dead. Still assuming the aggressive, the Warringtoaians failed miserably when near the line, whilst in one spell, started by John Bate, Heughten tae,kled Heesom close to the line. Barnes essayed to drop at goal, but the kick was charged by Reece, and from a scrimmage in the home quarters Abrams got well away and was the means of the game being contested at halfway. James Bate again threw across to Heesem, but Houghton obliged with one of his powerful punts, and then a forward movement close to touch led up by Antrobus saw the Warrington quarters invaded. Bos- cow, under the impression that the oval had gravitated into touch, stepped back to his position, but Antrobus took the ball ever the line unopposed arid scored behind the posts. The visitors stoutly objected to the

===== 0002601_18930415_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
SEQUEL TO A CROFT BREAra OF PROMISE CASE.

AN AGED DEFENDANT AT THE COUNTY COURT. AN AMUSING CASE.

A considerable amount of interest was taken in a case which came before his Honour,Judge Ffoulkes, at the Warrington County Court on Thursday. The case consisted of an application for an order for the recovery of £5O made by Mrs. Hannah Clough, widow, against Samuel Southern, farmer of Croft, the amount being due to the plaintiff under a verdict awarded her in a breach of promise case in which Southern was the defendant.—Mr. Jenkins appeared for the plaintiff and Mr. A. Browne for the defendant. Both the parties concerned have reached the age of 70. Before giving evidence the book was offered to the defendant to swear. He said : "No, I will hold my hand up, please."—The Judge: Very well then. Now listen to me. '1 swear by Almighty God." —Defendant: Yes.—The Judge: You must repeat what I said and raise your hand.—The Defendant All right sir. Start again please.—The defendant then ' repeated the oath correctly after his Honour. The first question he was asked after the oath was " What are you," and he answered "a labourer." Mr. Jenkins de- nied this and after a considerable amount of altercation it was proved that the defendant was the owner of two farms and some other property, but which Mr. Browne explained was "mortgaged up to the hilt " and the defendant realized nothing on it. Ile produced a cer- tificate from De_ Pattison, Newton, proving that the defendant was suff..ring from chronic rheumatism. He contended that the defendant had to work for his living and that his ailment prevented him from making winch more than 3s. ed. per week.—The Judge wanted to know if Mr. Jenkins' client would not be satisfied if the money was paid by instalments and not ask for a judgment summons.—Mr. Jenkins said he would be quite satisfied if the money was paid by instalments ; but Mr. Browne said his client was unable to pay the debt even by instalments. He was not earning more than 3s. 6d. per week on the average. Mr. Jenkins said he would be satisfied with an instalment of Ll per month, and Mr. Browne said his client could not pay it. The defendant here became somewhat over anxious in sup- porting this contention and taking out a piece of crumpled paper from his waistcoat pocket, he reached over to his Honour and said " This will prove, clear." His Honour did not stretch out for the paper in response so the defendant said " Howd on a minute I'll bring it round." He then got out of the box and commenced to climb up towards the judge's chair; but an officer of the court with great concern rushed from the other side of the court and put an end to the well meant attempt to faciliate business. Defendant then commenced to expos- tulate freely but was told to "hold yourtongue 'by the judge. Alter a considerable amount of haranguing, the plaintiff said she would accept 14s. per week. The defendant said : " Pooh ! Pooh I Couldn't be done." But Mr. Jenkins persisted that his client would not ac- cept anything less. Mr. Browne offered 3s. fid. per month ; but his Honour eventually made an order for the payment of the debt by monthly instalments of 14s.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
FUNERAL OF THE LITE MR. W. BARLOW.

The interment of the late Mr. William Barlow, manager of the Warrington branch of the Liverpool and District Bank, took place at the cemetery on Monday, before a large gathering of friends and relatives. The cortege left the house of the deceased gentleman at twelve o'clock, preceded by a carriage containing the Revs. J. Kirtlan (superintendent of the Warrington Wesleyan circuit), A. Freeman, and T. Ross, who preformed the funeral rites. A number of the Wesleyan body and other friends walked in proces- sion as a mark of respect. There were about 21 carri- ages, nauf being private, those of private persons. The following were the chief mourners: Messrs. John Barlow (Thorn Lea, Wilmslow), William Barlow (Haw- thorn Grove, Wilmslow), Richard Barlow (Ramsbottom) W. Goldthorpe (Brook House, Burmage-lane, Levens- hulme), C. Fernihough (Southport), Samuel RigbV (Davenport, near Stockport), J. 0 Rigby (Romanhurst, Whit6combe, Gloucestershire), Mrs. J. Barlow, and Mrs. Rigby. There were also present,Major Pickmere,J.P.Drs. Smith,J.P.Cannell,and Sherratt,Mr.Brewer,Mr.Henshall, Mr. Alexander, Mrs. Garnett, Mr. David Garnett, Rev.J. Gunnell, Mr. Seddon, Mrs. Pickmere, Mr. John Rylands, J.P., Mr. E. J. Guest, J.P., Mr. John Fairclough, J.P., Mr. F. Monks. J.P., Mr. W. Long, J.P., Rev. Canon Dodd, Mr. J. Burgess, Mr. Ridgway, Alderman Chandley, Councillors Dixon, J. H. Fleming, Hepherd, Dakin, W. Tinsley, Mr. J L. Whittle (town clerk), Mr. John Fair- hurst (borough treasurer), Mr. H. Longdin (borough surveyor), Mr. R.Dale, Mr. W.Gleave, Mr. J.Gandy, Mr. Taylor, Mr. J. S. Garland, Mr. S. B. Stringer, Mr. E. Place, Mr. Isaac Hayward, Mr. John Hartley, Mr. G. Weaver, Mr. Worsley, Mr. W:. Silcock, Mr. W. Dun- bobbin, Mr. Nicholson, and representatives of various banks in the town. Many floral tributes had been sent by friends and relati ides. The funeral arrangements were in the hands of Messrs. R. Girnett and Sons, and Messrs. J. and W. Dutton respectively.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON EQUALIZED DISTRICT SOCIETY OF DRUIDS.

The quarterly meeting of the above district took place on Saturday, in the Infante,' Schoolroom, Warrington-road, Penketh, where the new lodge, Penketh United, bolds its meetings. The officers and members of the lodge decided to commemorate the first visit of the district by holding a procession, tea party, and entertainment. At about two o'clock, about 80 members marched in procession, led on by the Pen- keth Brass Ba,pd, along Warrington-road to meet the district officers and delegates, who journeyed from War- rington by 'bus. The procession was then re-formed and marshalled by P.D.G.M.G. Roughley, P.D.G.M.G. JBllev,and P.A.J. Tetlow. Banner-Master J. Booth and P.D.G.M. Simcock then unfurled the banner, the district officers and delegates taking their places behind it and the band. A start was then made in the following order:—D.G.M. S. Caldwell, D.D.G.M. S. Dunbobbin, D.T. Wm. Barlow, D.C.S. T. Itlbarts trustees and dele- gates, lodge officers and members, Win. Woods, N G.A. J Stringer, P.D.6.1V1.T. Eden, P.D.G.M. William Crosskill, lodge secretary ; members proceeding along Heath-road, Greystone-road, Warrington-road, Chapel- road, Station-road, thence to the schoolroom. The band acquitted themselves very creditably by playing lively airs along the route. At .5 30, 150 members sat down to an excellent tea, and after tea an entertainment was held, Dr. Murray (medical officer of the lodge) presiding. 'the Chairman, in his opening remarks, referred in eulo- gistic terms to the success of the lodge, stating that it was only three months since the inception of the lodge, and it now consisted of 80 members. lie had long ago thought there was need of a friendly society in that village, and the rapid growth of the lodge proved it. P.M.W.R.A. T. Roberts, D.C.S., then explained at length the objects of the society, and the worth of the various funds,the totals collectively amounting to a sum equal to £7,003. The following programme was then rendered in a creditable manner, and elicited great applause :—Song. "Hearts of oak," Mr. T.Swift ; recita- tion, "The lifeboat," Mr.T. Eden ; duet, violin and flute, Brothers Ray ; song, "Riding on the hay," Miss Moston ; Lancashire recitation, Mr. Maseey ; song, " True till death," Mr. Molyneux ; duet, violin anti flute, Brothers Ray ; song. "The anchor's weighed," Mr. Kent; recita- tion, Mr. Eden; song, "Wreath of Rlses," Miss Moston ; selection on piano, Mr. Craig; duet, violin and flute, Brothers Ray ; recitation, Mr.Poynton. Votes of thanks were heartily given to the artistes, also to the ladies and I committee, and to Dr. Murray for presiding. The dis- trict officers before separating recognised the services of itteN hand trz, vntinct a handanma donation to w fund. An enjoyable evening' was brought to a close at 9 30, amidst hearty congratulations of all for what is hoped will be a red letter day in the history of friendly societies connected with Penketh and the Warrington Equalized District Society of Druids.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. GLADSTONE AS A POET.

_ How few people know (writes the London correspon- dent of the" Glasgow Herald ") that Mr. Gladstone is a poet ; to be more exact, that he has written at least one very fine ode, full of solemn beauty, suggestive of inspiration by Milton, hut perhaps more akin in style to the best work of Mr. Coventry Patmore. I refer to his "Ode on an Infant who was Born, was Baptised, and Died on the Same Day." This poem has been recalled , to my memory by sight of a pamphlet that has reached me from abroad, with the strange title, "The Damna- tion of children." In it the author holds that no writer of eminence has expressed a conviction that a new-born child, if it die immediately, passes at once "into the full spiritual inheritance of the human soul." He is evidently unacquainted with Mr. Gladstone's beautiful ode, first printed more than twenty years ago, but written, I be- lieve, many years earlier. In this connection I may add that it is strange no one has seen the aptness to the pre- sent political crisis of the opening of the eleventh sec- tion of this ode We are amid the tumult and the stress Of a fierce eddying fight; And, to our moral sight, Our fate is tremblug in the balances.

THROAT IRRITATION AXIS CoooH.—SorenelHl and dryness tickling and irritation. in4ucing cough and affecting the voice. For these symptoms use lip s a Glycerine Jujubes. In contact with the glands at Ike moment they are excited by the act of sucking. the Glycerine in these agreeable con- fections becomes actively healing. Sold only ia boxes. Tid., tins Is. ld., labeled 'JAMES EPPS & Co., Homceopathic Chemists, London." Dr. Moore, in his work on " Nose and Throat Diseases," says "The Glycerine Jujubes prepared by James Epps and Co., are of undoubted service as a curative ar palliative agent," while Dr. Gordon Holmes, setior Physician to the Municipal Throat and Ear Infirmary, writes : "After an extended trial, I Lave found your Gly- cerine Jujubes o, considerable benefit in almost all forms of throat disease."--Advt.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
M,ta , _ T -

IMPERIAL PARLIAM EN 1.1.

MONDAY.

In the House of Commons on Monday evening Mr. MUNDELLA, replying to a question as to a statement made by Lord R. CHURCHILL at Liverpool last Friday to the effect that the Labour Bureau was established by 7.he late Tory Government, said the noble L ,rd had been entirely misinformed, the office in question having been created by himself (Mr. MUNDELLA). Lord R. CaoRCHILL said he quite recognised that he had made a great mis- take, and he apologised to the House for it. The debate on the motion for the second reading of the Home Rule Bill was resumed. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN said the authors of the measure had to show that it would produce the effects they claimed for it, and had no right to call on their opponents to produce an alternative. He challenged the Nationalists to say that they accepted , the principle of the supremacy of the Imperial Parlia- ment its the sense in which it was accepted in England, and asked how a bill which left open 8,4 many questions was going to be a final settlement of the controversy. Mr. JUSTIN M'CareraY said that though the bill contained points of moment which they would strive to amend in Committee, he and his friends accepted it as an honest attempt at the settlement of the whole national question. Mr. W. REDMOND said he should vote for the second reading, but should wish the bill to be amended, in the financial clauses particularly. Sir G. TREVRLYAN after- wards spoke in the debate, which was adjourned at midnight.

TUESDAY. in the House of Common, on Tuesday evening, Mr. Asaurra informed Mr. Howell that everything possible was being done to effect the arrest of Mr. J. S. Balfour. Several questions were put in reference to the labour difficulties at Hull, and Mr. Asquith, in replying, said he had no power to order ths withdrawal of the military. The responsibility for calling in the aid of that force rested with the local authority. After a scene arising out of Mr. CHAMBERLAIN'S quotation on Monday night of Mr. Gladstone's reference some years ago to "disintegra- tion and dismemberment of the Empire "—in the course of which the Premier spoke of Mr. Chamberlain's action as offensive, and said he declined to associate anybody except Mr. Parnell with the doctrines he (Mr. Gladstone) was denouncing—the debate on the motion for the second reading of the Home Rule Bill was resumed. Mr. Davitt, while urging the necessity for amendment of some of ths clauses, said the frien is of peace in Ireland and Great Britain accepted the measure as containing all the terms and conditions of an honourable and lasting compact. Be was strongly in favour of the retention of the Irish members at Westminster. WEDNESDAY. In the House of Commons, on Wednesday Mr. Asciurrxt informed Mr.KRIA HARDIE that he had requested the local authorities to report to him what was, under the present circumstances, the necessity for the continued presence of the military and naval forces of the Crown at Hull. Mr. KEIR HARDIE then asked leave to move the adjourn- ment of the House in order to call attention to this sub- juct as a matter of urgent public importance, but only eight members stood up to support the motion. The debate on the Home Rule Sill was resumed by Mr. Aunaoss, who argued that the Irish Parliament was certain to use the plwer which it possessed in order to establish the complete independence of Ireland. Mr. Roundel', Mr. Hogan, Mr. Loder, Mr. E. .1. C. Morton, Mr. A. G. Murray, and Mr. Storey followed, and the latter was speaking in support of the measure when the debate was adjourned. The Weights and Measures Bill, was read a second time, and a bill, introdund by Sir Albert Rollit, for the amendment of the law of libel was read a first time.

ESTIBIISHED 1851.

BIRKBICK BANK,

For all Societies. Send for free illuttrated Catalogue. BiktitilEalaSl

(}5lO. TUTILL, 83 .City-road, London.

" KEATING'S POWDER." Fhms, Bugs, Moths, Beetles.

4 4 KEATING'S POWDER." Kills Fleas, Bags, Moths, Beetles.

KEATING'S POWDER." Kills Fleas, Bugs. Meths,

KEATING'S POWDER." Kills Fleas, Bags, Moth=, Beetles.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
THURSDAY.

In the House of Commons on Thursday evening Sir I W. HARCOURT, answering Sir J. Lubbock, said the Budget would be broJght forward as soon as the second reading of the Home Rule Bill had been obtained. The debate on the Home Rule Bill was resumed. After Mr. Chaplin had spoken in opposition to the Bill, Mr. .T 11PriMond hi tho 4 TIMPIIIOIII,. hari hoc,' nffornri corn- promise and had been accepted as such. He did net believe it would be a final settlement ; he agreed with ' Mr. Chamberlain's opinion in 1885 that the ultimate solution of the problem was to be found in the direction of federation. Mr. COURTNEY strongly opposed the second reading. The debate was again adjourned.

_

===== 0002601_18930415_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
FENCING

AND GATE DEPARTMENT. F. M. 84 Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE & IRON FENCES now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad, is being continually Improver/ upon to meet extended requirements, and complete informa- tion is supplied on application

===== 0002601_18930415_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
RAIL! NGS

FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, h.

ORNAMENTAL HIGH-CLASS

===== 0002601_18930415_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
GATES,

TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGIISt For Parks, Raiisions, Villas &c.

STRONG FIELD - GAF ES, FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS, &c.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
HURDLES I NETTING

AlqD

IND

TREE GUARDS.IWIRE WORK.

C 5 C)/§I7VIINTILT C,T-7 13AR IRON FENCING, Fitted with F. M. & Co's Seli-Lookirig Joint.

LONDON OFFICE : 17, VICTORIA ST., Westminster, S.W.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
S P.

all All der ins,

N

X

IED over .oad, neet !ma-

3 DS,

RK.

I I 1

Front improved long 0 1A41,r, y0)).- ) foidirs

.„. 28i!: tic, C 09., Id Tyre.' 23 to g 3)" Maohises inety.

, LTD. C-

;

THE BEST & CHEAPEST HOUSE IN LIVERPOOL

- 1 - 1 plipi ~,, .... -• — -- , , i iloo, wit pc0,,,,,r0r---4G-14,,,...,;:c-,-4--,,..„„,„....-`,-,....,,,,,,- ,--•••$•,-,,,,,o.r:...1.2.122,,r,.:1 061 1 1 :';',7' 4, ro'Nfl' lifil ' `i- k,, I / 4 P Al, '0:1_ -qa- .... sitY ' '9` '3.• u ' 4. . ',,lr ;" % •l' ':, II:4 d - • ticil ...", kr.:46"--.1...,,, , %Ad '9. .1 . 1,1 • 1,4 i i SISMEI -0 4... p ...„...., , a .), V.eiNa•C1....47,-..... - .../..0..r.v1e,32n.C,5,1.b 10.43ji k Vi, • ' ' .44 Pil '-'-' ":-.-.',.4=- =',l*= —1 ;-= =0 ..=.4.:72. .--___l-' Cf: ..1. ' Li iiti) 11, ~ 1 „ ,4 Ili- ..----------'''_-='=---. 7:---------__-7-=------1-7-----------xt=='!--'-------_--&-- ..- Ct -'.. I 1,i1if.,„ • 0 1,4 N -....,--------_ _____ —____:_._,,,___.-_--- -.-.-,-.—=: ..----,-- -,—. -__ -... - ----7:`,1„. , e, iriV, I ~,,t wr pp ,__----::------- -__:_-----_L__,---------:----------_-----'-- --7-_-. -_ --,-,-.-.--__.7.-•_-_----L__.-„-_-_E ) o ‘4 I liiir 4'4111 C RAN E & SONS l'illi Liik:4)Lift , , iiii. ,h: 1, - A 4 IV ' ' I. gouturhirtuMmostaurounAt rimighoplorglllu ~,,,,A ~,,,„ 4, ‘K t,,i' -.4,4114144111115giiiiint IVil\l-'777, 111111111111141171""-;ii"R-; (1". IllErhiitili 11 I If/ - 'r_ irmi'lliF,il,llll;dl,ll„,l itl.„ ~,,i til,r'll ,I,lll7.lurommtawilint.:::ll,ll. :ll' r,IJ 11 thi , Lir :Nil' 1" .11r1 , 1 F-11..r° --..- I I I PIANOS ........ FRotaL 5 glr IHARMONIUMS....ntomIe3 .r.„.:___;4-===:= ',,,,11 giuditirlfujoim Any_lotioll.,Lg.ll2l,llo._lll,l!„!_t_iiia.ilui.mlltiLllll____llllllllPEiguliirmich- 1, V* . 1 -',,...., ------- A i i I _ ~, .2 ' L---- --- ---------z---: --- ---'4' __------'--=---- :-=- --- -.-.--.._ ' 1111140- - - II ' 61,,,T)ILli"liciLlifil,lit_tiallirilli illiEllirlitil 1 Li"g111116111111_111111111_11414hilir-1-2 :illn-_-_-_---,_ , pi... -_-__- -_____. -- --_--e------------_- - — ---- --- _ TRADE (/) ; A-; ONCE • 1:4 1 re "C R EMOI D." , rno; 0 cr5,,,,',',.• ,' .•-• ' ,','"'.'-'',/:' NIA R K.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0104.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A

===== 0002601_18930415_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S PILLS.

BEECHAM'S PILLS.

BEECHAIVI'S PILLS.

BEECHAIVI'S PILLS.

BEECHAIVI'S PILLS.

BEECHAM'S PILLS.

BEECHAM'S PILLS

BEECHAM'S PILL

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, APRIL 15, 1 93.

T

===== 0002601_18930415_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
. ,

Are universally admitted to be worth a Guinea a Box for Bilious and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and

Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fullness, and Swelling after Meals, Dizziness and Drowsi- ness, Cold Chills, Flushings of Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Scurvy, Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Trembling Sensations, Scc. The first dose will give relief in twenty minutes. This is no fiction, for they have done it in countless cases. Every suf- ferer is earnestly invited to try one Box of these Pills, and they will be acknowledged to be

===== 0002601_18930415_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
_WORTH . A GUINEA A.

For Females of all ages these Pills are invaluable. No Female should be wlth,,Lit them. There is no medicine to be found to equal BEECHAM'S PILLS for removing any obstruction or irregularity of the system. If taken according to the directions given with each Box, they will soon restore Females of all This has been proved by thousands who have tried them, and found the

ages to sound and robust health. benefits which are ensured by their use

a few

===== 0002601_18930415_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
For a weak stomach, impaired digestion, and all disorders of the liver, they act like magic, and

be found to work wonders upon the most important organs in the human machine. They strengthen the whole muscular system, restore the long-lost complexion, bring back the keen edge of appe- tite, and arouse into action, with the rosebud of health, the whole physical energy of the human frame These are facts testified continually by members of all classes of society and one of the best guarantees to the nervous and debilitated is that BEECHAM'S PILLS have the largest sale of any patent medicine in the world.

doses will

Full directions are given with each Box. Sold by all D/ uggists and Patent Medicine Dealers in the United Kingdom.

In Boxes, at 9a, Is. lit, and 2s. 9d. each.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
V

===== 0002601_18930415_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
Supreme in Unique in

VO:N D I....['''', ::,.,::...........,.. F 11 L

===== 0002601_18930415_art0111.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
RHEUMATISM.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
ELLIMAN'S UNIVERSAL EMBROCATION. is. 11d. & 2s. 9d.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
•11 ill •

PILL r

F4':;" :

GOLDEN BEE HIVE, 69 & 71, CHURCH STREET,

WARRINGTON.

VIOLIN, very rich tone, RUSSIAN COPY with BOW. In case complete, a genuine bargain. Price only 2ss Od

VERY FINE PAIR RUBY LUSTERS, 16 inches In height, under glass shades, double drops beauti- fully decorated, suitable for drawing room, only ... 27s 6d

FLOCK BR ' S. the set complete, or special make clean and well picked flocks, good size, well filled,

only

95 Ild

CARPET, tapestry, good size, splendid pattern, suit- able for parlour or bedroom, quite new, never been worn, wonderful va' tie. The Bee live

BLANKET, large size, wool cloth, second hand, a great bargain, the pair, at the Golden Bee Hive ... 9s 11

CHEST OF DRAWERS, a very useful size for bed- room, light colour, well finished, the best material. Call and see them, you will purchase directly, only 17S

AT THE GOLDEN BEEHIVE.

ASTHMA AND BRONCHITIS CURED.

THOUSANDS TESTIFY.

THE RIGHT HON. THE EARL OF SHANNON (rites :—" Your remedy instantly relieves and cures Asthma and Bronchitis. I have recommended it to people in England as nil as over here."

D Middleton, writes:—" I have had repeated opportunities of seeing the action of Mr. Vaughan's preparation for Asthma and Bronchitis. I can bear testimony to its great value as a curative agent. I would strongly re- commend it to any person suffering from Asthmatic affec- tions.—M. LAWTON, M.D." For particulars write— D. VAITGILLN. LANGFORD TERRACE, CORK, IRELAND.

LYOURIMIT FAMILY by a new invention, four stamps for sample.—G. ANDIIER, 54, Perth-rd., London, N.

A RISTOTLWS WORKS, with plates 352 pages, 30 stamps. "Paris by night, or Gay Life in Paris"; illustrated 30 stamps.—Post free R BOW/CEA, 27, Renshaw-st., Liverpool

EXCHANGE for Stamped Envelope for particulars. Mar- ried Lady has a most valuable harmless recipe for ladies.—Mrs. BAYLEY, Broad-st., Nottingham.

T &DIES, Send Stamped Envelopes, wonderful New LI Zealand discovery, invaluable ; simple. Every Lady particulars.—Max, Examiner Office, Denton, Manchester.

rrO CONSUMPTIVES, or those subject to Bronchitis, 1 Asthma, Ac.—Advertiser, who has been completely cured, would willingly send particulars of the method of cure to sufferers, on receipt of stamped addressed envelope te BONA-FIDES, 117, Chancery-lane, London, W.C.

TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS fox I. Females, quickly correct all irregularities, remove all obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptoms so preva- lent with the sex. Boxes is. lid. and 2s. 9d. of all chemists sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker, B. T. TOWLE, Chemist, Nottingham.

ONE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs, in either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Paine in the back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes, 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors, throughout the World; or sent to any address for sixty stamps by the Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BARCLAY & Soars, London, and all the Wholesale Houses.

ttitileatikekt. tSt: t.t. • lOU V& tai.Vd.tl •-•

anc, reeo well DR. LAWTON, M.'

===== 0002601_18930415_art0114.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
LUMBAGO.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
waViclaaiggoatrikfJ ,T3aiiT'Oaoraraa ,f 7 I Eb

xf) Tfi wicekvii=

w y.t)' y ,• • e • • •,• 'llo63*lnea GROCBREI BVBETWHBRB.

: :

IA CI ixtters,ta,the,-Obtterr- •

1.0,1 4. ..., ‘l.BettlYtia..,C blii ~:041--1 have been told t at a statement ,is being cir" misted, which is calculated te prejudice the minds of some of ilast Mettiberd '6frilhe ,Selsid"bttlintittliali,".tOtfre egect. thitebr:VOnfal!,ha ètT bis inflne'ne4tdvie'vnt ttle Omission of intail-P6x patlent t BOP; Hospital from the Rural Sanitary. Authority'.*: district. ' 4sehaiv- nutn,pf the,Healtia Coulmittee J think. it. o4y.rights, in justice to Dr. Goma. that I. Should give such a state- ment a Waft viln6ll4ali#l4..493#l4,iffliimo.amtles,veiropo . . .

posite iitbel trr tiny, • OSA, p. Th. MIN& Of: 4020411F1e Pi4.NI.III2APY 4 against their own incanatioh "to the suggestion ot Dr. Gornall who urged, us to admit these patients mainly on the ground of self-protection and partly with the desire gr toeiil_tbe notic on q f sidrisi*Wirl4l; i 3 recommendation, the outside would not have been admitted to our Hospital.—Yours ke., ZITIHOMORB likidieets wAtawjapirm SAILING CIA Sir,—Like Jiévic-Fuelatingly funny man w)

your atliletfic•lufil6e-itf btended the Wa 4latlin,g, club .130,4 r.t.ce con,.:Sattir*ty,,,and shwa( say..somethingt about it,"-..Fitst, I shoutd like to, 'Tkobti It,ol47*.tit.Aff 86 vtlilVen "gementnri,toollectge -- No boat did ever comedown from Widuçs _ Otfr athletic frierleidso riabbittfundettbri.deo-ision-tha). oel-401e bot is Arst,lat!f!* :N.ttiOciAppikboat. xu.t kete,is the advantage ,nrsonape,lllng the, competitors to row a huoy and cope back, to test the boats under diverse winds. • . My chief quarrel with your contributor is the partisan-like tone he assumes. His remarks are unfairly made as against the winnioz boat the "Rose." It is a piece of ignoiant twaddle on his part to talk of the maggie's being "spoiled of its well-merited prise.-r. because luck—not qualification turned against it." Dat the qualification coLsist in getting ashore as the Maggie did7.--orq ax.roicling that—as the. Jim wad ,Woodeonk yatert..7rl amyoors,a4:, _s JOHN.TRER,S,.- "The :taws," Penketh, April 3rd, 1893. e ig siitti_ertos"?' ,

<:ot

.. Sir,—AS the man on the feece-i-ready to ante down on either side that offers me the best reason for so do- 1 , I Ing;:—I must express my disappoititteent at baiin,g' rti- ' . ~ ciSived no answer to the S' imple question which I was 1 simple enough to ask, and, perhaps, still more simple in ' expeeting an answer to—the question " What is Salvs- • tion ?", .1 am told by one set of thinkers that it consistil U" Redemption-from -the consequences of intptissible conditions-"-7ttrat in feet' it. is' redeerning that which has never been pfedged—and consequently is a folly, a fatuity. Another set tell me that it is something neces- sary „to secure my eternal happiness; This being 80 tail I not justified in asking fez some definite information on se important a poiut ? Go to the Bible—did you say ?-- and it-will .tell you. Atas ! I am but an unlearned ruder' and my too,too balanced mind IS painfully puzzled by the contradictions in the bonlvitself, and again by the great changes brought about in its interpretationpy purely human means. -, ,- Had I lived in the clays of Wesley, I should have beer? told-docErinaily, that I was a created' being-L-Sptiejally created ass drown to' i special Week's labour..,:.Yqw I, aintoldithis Is nrit so lant that thin-rand the' earth. he ihhatiits!---1S the reii lilt of ,natural law operating naturally. Koin.iffShnps tells us so. ,Many Bishops used to -tell us the other story. What, then, is a poor man to do? He cannot possibly believe both tales. As they are directly contradictory and mutually destructive, one must be false, if the other be true. The change in our opinions of these facts cannot have changed the facts themselves. If special creation ever was a fact it is a fast now, and , ought not to be discredited ddi unte,t + ced by 1 those who build so many uns tanti heo upon it —lndian missions notwithstan g. It ia a remarkable circumsta e tha is "' + vation." Which was" foolishness to the reeks,' ilhou i still 4 " foolishness "to the more cultsased of ddi is dam when it'', career is saii to be" played off." n'fbaps no of the Christian champions who have lately been filling the air with the dust of controversy would kindly explain the apparent anomaly that alike in its infancy,adolescence, and decay it should have been rejected by the wisest and accepted eagerly by the ignorant and credulous? Is it not a suspicious circumstance that, even when ac- cepted by a comparatively cultured mind, it requires such large alteration and correction for personal equation even to the point of complete evisceration ? Hence we have " Christians" whe regard the fall as a fable, redemption as a myth, and Salvation as a tale that is told. Am I to believe, as some tell me, that it is a tale told to amuse the people, dis- believed by those who tell it? Some I know live by telling it, in charity let us suppose they believe it. But, still, what is it ? ISOS.

8 _ Jr& • •`41:74, -41 " 4440 • - r

R., TTI i.• do, '44 • OL t Jr ad

===== 0002601_18930415_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SMALLPOI.-AN ANTI-VACCINATOR'S VIEWS.

Sir,—There wortien 441aftpriftig ivlf land, nauseating genre at was emitted by the sewers in various parts of the town .op herist inat„, sic)triese is again breaking—chitiiiidst.J 414rldre16)rtifriaille odour it has rarely been my lot to efperience. and j think the originitj q,,t.4 410 jlipvp ,beeeo/53,4e cuted. From what I can gather the stench artrse from the Mersey-street gasworlip, arid I.learn .thpn is no tigio)a- mon thing for'slealrith Od-tgaitine4h6oArhood to aA themselves whether life is worth living even when the gas officials" draw, it mild„"jp,cmplootrison tbier m ' g emission of A tdritiighthgb.-P " It strikes me that our municipal authorities would be doing more good by stopping such stenches and looking, better after the sanitary arrangements of the town, than by distributing wholesale such entertaining literary pro- ductions as have been showered upon us this week. I can only say as one of those who "refuse to that I am more firmly of opinion that virtue in vaccination. It is all very well to cite of the ironworkers. To my mind it proves except that the operation restored confidence to had become panic stricken. We all know ttot fa,. a disease kills more people than the disease .eliark,,it has suited our authorities to play upon the fears of the townspeople. But I urge my fellow-townsmen to beware before they submit themselves to kilo the filthy rite. All the people of my acquainta,n, par, r py,gl doctors " durhog jibe klltvichchid, are sufferiflg their folly, arl he heartily wish they had not been so silly. Some oi them even declpte. ttlatAe;prntendqd, safeguard is emir) thql. tiMadakk *Askellyieoulle be', and what they have yet to suffer time alone will tell. Vaccination i))esponaible for many evjWand tiprriiq one of the lates firelate4 in Witilknifileidtitled "nib recrudescence o eprosy and its causation ,"just published by Messrs. Swan, Spnnentcbein asp Cp. In aome, tracts from memprittlia P(' lirb oi NIL Hogbf 8). Shaw, Calcutta, can gather much information which shows the connection between vaccination and the Qom- mencement of lepro.ey. Jahoori was a leper for twenty years. Previous to vaccination be was heathy. This operation was performed when he was seven years old, and the disease first manifestedritrjf, six nvinthaitt,tr,' commencing as */s44lille pch dd*ltsbn vecdihnite. 'The description of his symptoms are painful and disgusting. Dada, a native palki heater, was P,JefrPt {4l ;Pals- Pe! was forcibly vac9 itialeil it twen ytyidnelr Of ige,belng then a healthy .young man. A year after, leprosy commenced at the seat of theeyaccip.in itts Alty• a Scotch lassie, fteillri ?or tfie last 4 tc brought by her mother, who stated that she was vaccin- ated when she was seven at id a iialitailielgs AtiouPi six months after w r 1111144 , , I Mar suceettSfal, symptoms of leprosy began to develop,and she flew here and there to every medical practitio, e rylli but to no avail 1571 e diew,ol4Lidinfiti ,„ Snowing such acts as these, who woulc submit to have his body pollute) whit such corrnntip amaccine Fi Certainly not bif 101) 14sitlei if A/ainaibe,lwhat,is" wanted in Warrhigton is greater attention to bodily and home cleanliness. It is only the filthy who are attacked by smallpox, and as to those who have died at Hope Hospital, the nurses have admitted they were" masses of corruption." i'l4refore, ere to it thity9ntletep self and your su 41inginaanierci4tUlOI ;41(11 say, if your chil en ghow any feverisn symptoms give them a bot soap bath at once, wrap them in blankets, and put to bed. Repeat this operation, pretty frequently until the fever subsides, and you will be saved a lot of anxiety. If our townspeople generally would take the advice given to Naaman to "go and wash," they too, would benefit, and have no cause for alarm ; whilst our officials, instead of being " heartily sick," at their fail- ure to deal with the outbreak, could get ready for the summer holiday they doubtless so much need.—Yours,

X ta w n th • 1— , slto n in wl h eh f .. - a ...._ . .

'.ErQI

AN ANTI-VACCINATOR.

April 13th, 1893.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0117.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_18930415_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
A tfES

fP, '

maellNG—RaiStiErS: . Litidr;--kWitteriffipor-con4/VlP,i'iiiry the " Obseiver " seems sorely troubled about the fads Used by Mr. A. H. Crosfield in his address on tlittlttsieletLiberalistn,'? which the correspondent facetiously styles " Old Radicalism' and which he says is new, only in the same manner, as the moon is new each month. Well, Sir, After a period lof unsettled or bad weather, we generally kit* ;forward to,,a.change- of,moon,and.vre are sorely in need of a change in the condition of our workers and in the trade of the country, so that I am hopeful that had we a gov- ernment at the bead of affairs who would pursue a polipyench as js laid, down in the address on " New Liberalism," we should then be able to again secure the position of chief supplying country in the markets of the world. In the matter of Aninciag rents, royalties, and way- leaves, the correspondtila question would almost have us think that we a highly favoured people. Thattiaio, but onlyifor one iclass—the landlords, who in the matter of rents royaltieb and wayleaves extort their unjuit duos at every turn. . 'I for one wetpleased.when this matter was handled, and I think,this cstrtesooncleft,must bave,been amongst those who.-ere surprisedtbd eatonished, for even now aapooiallylsne ng speeoaa oef okae Railway oanythCincr it would appear as if he did not rightly understand what • a ro,yalt,yis chadkintia 11°37aibtf rar v else:trent one part ,HerL we haAs certain ilto4l Petluktned, laYou e loftrack4eand scare retuPtvl given for the charge thus made, but in the case of the -A• letitb4, what re- I royalty owneri,rotho pat) turn does he gifelm. , ..40.eotfb • exaction on each ton of mineral brought to the ‘surface ?, which he never saVr, and petchance Would neVer -.vclicnown was there, if some enterprising indiVidual had not employed I both brain and money to rind 'and procuis it. Then, • Sir, after being paid it rental,ferhtsfspul4r.the landowner be in a position to claim as'bibsitte s. 3d. -per tbn on Ml pig.-iron manµfactured in the Eingdom P-Tbis amount ' is said to be overstate:4,l)lA it is the averageljon the authority of Sir Lowtbijul 'Bell. • , • I should like to ask, is not this; onof the mostim- portant fact;o4.lo lfan44ppi4.g Phi aiufacurers, and so enablingeUeinl teJ beAmderseld Ity the foreigner in the,diffenent, markets.? -In 1889, loc.erding to the mutt of, the Commission, there was, paid In royalties and wayleavesoo coal and kcal and other minerals manu- factured in thispuuntry,n9 legs a purn than ,E 5,257,000 this going into the f,oh'kets of indivttillidsebn do nothing and give nothitig'in retdril ' • ingtho et -which, had our manufacturers been, relieved to this amount, it would havaonabled them to have secured -orders,- 'and have procured work for our enforcedly idle workmen. At pre- sent there is talk of another '2o' Per' reduction in miners' wages,whose yecompenseier their labour and the risks they run is already too entail. BUC'sik, when didiwabear of, a ,reduction of the royalty charges—of thettelages ofsucb menu the Duke 'of • Hainilton with his £114,000 per annum, extorted from the labour of the miner, of Lord. Lonsdale. with his £60,000 a year, or the three noble lapilijiliavclpeldre, Buccleuch, and Mun- caster, who receive from one company alone as their dues 4213,000 per annum. Why not have a reduction here, and who dare say there-is not' room for it? But, no, the poor ignoran*learkman gets/too much, and the lordling too little7therefore;plunder and grind the one, and giveth hiln,who toils not;nor spina. This question in the town of 'Warrington is-cif great interest, and is, 'I believe, the prime cause of the de- pression in our iron.-industries. With a Government working on the lines as put forth in tie new Liberalism, much of this Wonld be swept away, and we should have more work, better wages, more contentment, and greater happiness and prosperity.-7-Yours, Azo., -, OBSERVER. Wellfield4t4Watrlngtor, April 14th, 1893.

". BUDDHISM AND til.R/STIANITY : SOME YOINTS OF RESEMBLANCE. Sir,—l preeuineMr. Dignum has now finished, and I wish to call attention to a few facts in conclusion. I have no desire to prolong the discussion which has now extended to considerable length, and although I do not in any degree' subscliibe to Mr. Diginun's contentions, and although.;,l take ~strong exception to the offensive personalities he euht se to indulge in, I am yet personally thankful to him for having , entered the lists with me, and thus been the means of spreading a know- ledge of this very,interesting.subject. ,:But where have the parsons been ?" They wha are supposing to be the leaders if the faithful,and the guardians of the faith have been conspicuous by their absence and their silence. Is it that they are ignorant of the subject, or are they too lazy to enlighten their people by a newspaper correspon- dence? Too many of them, alas ! find a r.-ore congenial place behind a protected pulpit—" coward castle" it has been aptly called—where no man can reply to them. 14 honour Mr. Dignum for his fearless advocacy of what deems to be right. I wonder how many parsons in .rrington can claim to havean acquaintance with Max eller and the other writers quoted by Mr. Dignum 21 ir not many. In my last letter I said I would deal with the scientific end philosophical aspect of both Buddhism and Chris- tianity, but I hardly care to carry the discussion any further. I will just say, however, that from a scientific point of view I am entirely in agreement with Max Muller that Christianity is a development of religions that have existed long anterior to it—that it is in fact another instance of the great law of Evolution The bible itself is another instance of the same eternal law. It is self-evident to any one who has eyes tc see and a mind to observe that this is so. They will find in the early pages of the bible that the writers had but very elementary ideas of morality—ideas positively shocking Loom. more highly developed minds. Their conceptions of God were of a very childish character. He was depicted as a sort of magnified man who walked and talked in the Garden of Eden with Adam, and who was of a violent and bleed-thirsty character, guilty of the most abominable crimes—" crimes that a respectable devil would be ashamed of." This is the language of an eminent minister of Liverpool. Further on in the bible we find abundant evidence of development, and the writer speak of,eriod not as a huge man but as a Spirit siidl loirfng' Father. The prophet Micah expresses in very few words the very essence of true religion hen he says " What doth the Lord require of thee but to do aW' to love mercy, and to walk humbly with thy God." Now from a philosophical point of view which reli- gion* tliej beat Badtlbism or Christianity ? The Bud- dhists don't 'believe in a future life, the Christians do. The Buddhists believe that when a weary, sorrow- fitrjahitM mortal 'cliert he falls into an eternal sleep. "Christians believes that he lives after death. Now what evidenFe have the Christians of this ? Absolutely none whatitegi fl 1a a belief utterly incapable of verification. The only people who profess to verify it are the ,Spiritual4sts, ancl the mildest term that Christians ap- ply An chew, people is that of imposters. Then the Christians saf that Christ rose from the dead. Touching the Resurrection, Professor Fronde says that "our Lord seems purposely to have witheld such public proof of al as would have left no room for un- wed Himself" not to all the people," not whom His appearance would have over- to witnesses chosen before ; to the in friends. There was no evidence that a Lit that he was ever actually dead. So for persons crucified to die so soon, that Pilate, we are told, " marvelled." The subsequent appearances were strange, and scarcely intelligible. Those who eaw Him did not recognise Him till He was pad? ,them by the breaking of bread. He was vist anti ILlVltlivic. tie was wbo were most intimate with Him for another person ; ,ndrsiu theaccounts agree which are given by the differ- tngelistß. Of investigation in the modern sense (except in the one instance of St. Thomas, and St. Tkontasoviasi rather rebuked than p-aised) there was .tiotie anti could be none. The evidence offered was different in kind, and the blessing was not to those who sfalisfitid themselves of the truth ef the fact by a search- ' ?rig inetuiry, but who gave their assent with the unhesi- tating confidence of love." It must be remembered that these are not the words of either a Spiritualist or an Athiest, but of a professor at Oxford University. Ac- cording to Christianity, men live after death, and a ,szwll, percentage (only Christians of course) pass into 4flthe rest ol mankind are doomed to eternal torment. The heaven of Christians is a big jewellers' shop—a place that no sane man would care to enter. si!hatnert of a place is hell, the place to which a loving Fattier is said to consign countless millions of His cr.atures Listen to the words of a peat Christian preacher, the Wel Mr. Spurgeon—" There is a place as much beneath imagination as heaven is above it, a place of murky darkness, where only lurid flames make darkness visible splace,where beds of flame are the fearful couches upon which spirits groan, a place where God Almighty from His mouth pours a stream of brimstone, kiAlingdthat c Thu Gi noetdi htahse rpereitzraedspooftowl hose I as tge /Ili, re bt the wood los; awnhdi only sights are scenes of fearful woe. There is a place Iclolnr\t know where it is, somewhere—not in the bowels bt the earth, I trust, for that were a sad thing for this world to have hell within its bowels—but somewhere in a far-off world there is a place where the only music is the mournful symphony of damned spirits ; where howling, groaning, moaning, wailing, and gnashing of ,terth„ Take up the horrid concert. There is a place *lire demons fly swift as air, with whips of knotted burning wire torturing poor souls ; where tongues on fire with agony burn the roofs of mouths that shriek for drops of water—that water all denied. There is a place where soul and body endure as much of infinite wrath as thealnite can hear, where the inflictions of justice crush ttf4lll, where the continual ftagellations of vengence beat 'the+ flesh, where the perpetual pourings out of eternal wrath scald the spirit, and where the cuttings of the sword strike deep into the inner man." Sir, better a thousand times the ".ghastly Nirvana," the eternal sleep of the Bueldhists,than such a life eternal as this. I wonder Christians are not heartily ashamed of such a revolting creed. It makes God fouler and more

he Wei Mul

===== 0002601_18930415_art0119.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ill 5

EON.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0120.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
toes"

===== 0002601_18930415_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
, • reiur • oe . h. v 14' t irc o 'is or Id a •1 '-ual

THE EXAMINER, s TITRD kY, APRIL 15, 1893.

devilish than the foulest devil. (See Rev. Mr. Aked's sermon on hell.) In conclusion I re-affirm all my former statements as to the remarkable resemblances between Buddhism and Christianity, and Mr. Dignum has not disproved one of them. My statements have been amply authenticated by his own authority Max Muller, and also by the Encyclopedia Brittannica ; and also by Archdeacon Wilson. As to his statements about the suuess of Christian missions in India I repudiate them absolutely. The statements emanate from interested parties and are quite at variance with the statements I made by many Christian ministers. I once heard a I Congregational minister say that he hoped he would never be guilty of the sin of giving a single copper to Christian missions. The statements of Mr. W. S. Caine, who visited India,will recur to many who read his letters which appeared in several journals. It must also be remembered that the natives of India are very poor and supplies of food and clothing have had much to du with some of their conversions. Further, that it is customary to include as converts those who attend the schools established by the missionaries. I will now leave the matter with your readers to form their own opinions upon the subject. Thanking you for your kindness, I am, yours truly.

the!Orangemm, and all the objections raised by bigotry and privilege ;in spite of objections raised by others which are more entitled to our respect, has been proved, Point by point, so far as facts and fair inference can prove anything, to be hopelessly in the wrong. I should just like in conclusion to thank gentlemen holding opposite views to my own for the invariable courtesy received from them both inside and outside the Debating Society. This goes to show that it is still pos- sible even for politicians (when not unduly excited), to thrash out the questions of the day in the spirit in which Carlyle and John Sterling conducted their arguments ; that is to say, in the words of the former, " except in opinon not differing." With apologies for the rather inordinate length of this letter.—l remain, yours truly,

A. H. CROSFIELD.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
HARRY ESMOND.

"THE NEW LIBERALISM."

Sir,—The paper on "New Liberalism " which you were good enough to print in extenso, has been made the subject of various comments which I may divide int* three classes.-Ist. The remarks of those who on the whole agree with it.-2ud. What in Mr. Gladstone's recent phrase may be described as " unfavourable homilies."-3rd. That sort of scurrilous impudence which I suppose is only to be expected in certain quarters, and which uniting stupid and misleading fallacies with vulgar personalities, deserves to be treated, and, so far as I am concerned, invariably will be treated with silent contempt. But I should like to say 'a word as to these unfavourable homilies received both viva voce and by letter. For example, a Liberal Unionist friend of mine writes that my paper is calculated to set class against class, and is dangerous, more particularly in its advo- cacy of a reduction of royalties and licenses without compensation. Well,in the first place as regards royalties, let us on the authority of, say, Mr. Burt or such a reliable source of information as the "Manchester Guardian," assume that excessive royalties may and do impede the development ,of some of our greatest industries. For instance, it is tolerably plain to anyone, that coal seams may not be opened up through fear that the land-owner's royalty may swallow up any probable profit that might result from the enterprise; and again, that businesses which might be just "on the margin of cultivation" may be just not worth cultivating. The account I quoted of Barrow is a case in point. It is beyond question that ex- cessive royalties bad been a factor of paramount impor- tance in producing that extreme paralysis of trade. Then I ask these questions. (a). Is the reform of such a condition of things, or its existence, most likely to set , class against class? (b). Are land-owners justified in charging excessive royalties ? and, if not. (c). Why are we to pay compensation for reduction to reasonable figures. On the whole, I consider this a not unfitting example of one of those cases for reform generally ignored by the Tories until the Liberals either force their hand, or un- dertake the business themselves. Choosing it as iamb, I notwithstanding wrote, or intended to write, with studied indefiniteness, as to the scope and method of the I reform ; for I am not wholly unacquainted with the complexities of the question, and am perfectly well ' aware that it is one in the settlement of which we need to tap the brains of specialists, as has been done under the commission which has just issued its interesting re- port, and as it may be necess try further to do so. I may just add that the problem of royalties and wayleaves, like other hindrances to trade, is not to be solved by Protection, as indeed the intelligent section of the Con- servative party recognise, and is even a trifle beyond the brains of a fifth rate party hack. Next as to compensation for the extinction ef licenses. In answer to a question the other day as to whether his party really meant to stand by Mr. Goschen's scheme of compensation, as a condition for any improvement of the existing system, a leading Conservative frankly replied "you cannot compensate." Compensation for the working publican, there may be. The plea for that is, I take it, pretty well recognised by the Liberal party; and, as to compensation to cover the expenses of turning a public-house into a shop, accepted for instance by Mr. Brunner. We shall therefore not stick at that. But the all important question is, whether we are to accept this scheme of Mr. Goschen, annihilated in the last Parlia- ment. but now being put forward again and adopted by Mr. Chamberlain. On this point, our minds are fully made up. We won't accept the policy which Mr. Glad- stone forcibly described as the endowment of public- houses, and according to whicti the owner of a house that, as it stands, might he worth £2OO, but with its license becomes worth £2,000, is entitled to full compen- sation at this market price. All things considered, we are of opinion, that we neither can nor ought to allow it. So much for that part of my paper, which is said to be dangerous. . . . . _

' My Unionist friend writes further, "lam free to con- fess, that I grow more Conservative as time goes on,and perhaps 20 years hence, you will be the same." Well in one and the best sense of the word, I hope to prove my- selt Conservative a little sooner than that. _ _ _

The leader of the Opposition remarked the other day that whenever Mr. Gladstone wants to pay a politician a compliment, he calls him a Conservative. Precisely. Conservatism owes its existence to Liberalism. But, unfortunately, it constantly forgets, or ignores, the laws of its existence. As bearing on that, I confess that some of these friendly remonstrances remind me very forci- bly of a passage in Emerson's "English Traits." The great American, of rer paying our National character a high tribute, one which any Englishman may value,and not least for its absolute honesty—indulges towards the close in one of his bold and vivid metaphors. He says " There is cramp limitation in their habit of thought, sleepy routine, and a tortoise's instinct to hold hard to the ground with his claws, lest he should be thrown on his back. There is a drag of inertia which resistu reform in every shape ;—law-reform, army reform, extension of suffrage Jewish franchise, Catholic etnanci • pation, the abolition of slavery, of impressment, penal code and entails.* They praise this drag, under the . formula that it is the excellence of the British constitu- tion, that no law can anticipate the public opinion. These poor tortoise's must hold hard, for they feel no wings sprouting at their shoulders. Yet somewhat divine warms at their heart and waits a happier hour. It hides in their study will," &c., Sce. This is perhaps not altogether complimentary. But I quote it as having struck me in its connection with the I tone of my Conservative and Unionist friend's com- ments. Now tenacity is one of the qualities on which wa pride °unwires, and is a very good thing; but blind tenacity, the sort which clutches at everything.4oo4 and bad together, is net. Therefore the Liberal party has to undertake the periodic and chronic duty of opening the eyes of our sleepy Tory tortoise. We can- not exactly promise it wings and we may at least I trust that it will not frequently be necessary to apply that process, which Mr. Courtney briefly, and, as some of his Conservative friends may perhaps have thought,rather brutally, described as prodding. But we must at least endeavour to develop some latent germs of elasticity in the animal. I could name a score of instances in which this gentle stimulation has been and will be necessary, but I do not wish to prolong this' letter further, except by saying a word or two to my unknown friend " Liberal." He will excuse me correct- ing an erroneous assumption which is apparently im- plied in the last lines of his letter, in view of which cor- rection,he may probably take less interest in my opinions. , But if by chance they el° still interest him at all, I hate LIO6 "la Lic.BII.6LIULI points on which Ido not agree with the policy of the present Government are—their method of attacking the drink question, and their attitude with regard to the next Brussels conference ; also that no one ha a the slightest pretext, or right to assume that I do not agree on any other. I cannot attempt to go into detail on these two large questions, but, as regards currency, I may just remark that the hard and last and high and mighty opinions of monometallists are apparently undergoing some rnodi- cation which will pave the way for a settlement of this abstruse but vitally important question on one or other of the several lines proposed as alternatives to a statu quo which is simply intolerable. As to drink, in one word, some of us prefer practicable temperance to impracticable prohibition. Tempting as is the subject I must leave it, and iccleed at the present moment one is little inclined to air points of difference that can be settled later on. Despite divergence of opinion on cer- tain subjects, there has seldom been a finer example of energetic and unibd work on the Liberal side than in the present Parliament. Seldom, one may safely add, has there been a sore powerful body of men, of real earnestness at theaead of affairs. And the history of the world itself miy almost fail to find a parallel to that sublime epectacleof constancy and true heroism which we have in the ared minister at their head, who, old as he is, still endure an amount of labour arid anxiety, carries, so to spfak, a weight of armour in this tremen- dous battle, ulster which strong manly od itself might faint. That exanple of itself makes the pulse of Liberal- ism throb thwughout the length and breadth of the land. If then is united effort inside Parliament, we on the other hard, whose work lies outside, join our ranks and accumukte the power of public opinion, with the force of whioh behind him our old chief is enatled to encounter mt merely the dead weight of ordinary Tory- ism, but tle wretched prejudices and mean hatred aroused orthe Irish question; and last, but not least, the maliglitY of his bitter foe from Birmingham, and that both of more sincere Unionists which unfortunately follow be leadership. Maintaining as we do, that he is rriving aye, and suclessfully striving to overcome that effete, hfatuated policy which vainly seeks to unite re- preserative and unpopular government, and which. wbetfer looked at from the point of view of expense or coneni.nee, or real national safety and strength, in spit of Belfast bluff, the " Ecclesiastical war Drum "of This was written 10 years or more since.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0123.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_J

===== 0002601_18930415_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND

A rHLETICS.

FOOTBALL.

--- Downright determination to do his best to win the game himself, was what characterised every player engaged in the match between Warrington and Swinton, on Saturday. If one could describe players of football as " going at it hammer and tongs," then I say an ambition to do that, got up and walked about in the breast of every player. Well, maybe not every player, but almost so. Jones, the international player, graced the ranks of Swinton, but he didn't seem to be inflated with much superfluous ability—didn't seem to have very much more than the P.D. himself did when he used to land goals over " ma's" props with " pa's " silk hat. But, then, as the "Athletic News " man says " his re- putation preceded him—and got lost in the crowd."

The match was certainly one of the most interesting of the season. Swinton are leading the scores in that competition and have long since been adjudged by some people to be the future holders of the cup. Warrington have lately been out of form somehow, and consequently it was rather expected that they would get knocked about a bit. And Swinton were assured that they would find Warrington quite ready to lie at their feet and be kicked ; and provide lemons into the bargain. But did they ? Not quite ;it is a matter beyGnd doubt what difference there was between the two teams, was in favour ef Warrington.

Boscow was slightly off form but I was glad to see ou.t old friend Barnes out again on what might almost be termed a '6 state occasion." Although not doing any- thing big, he showed some of his old form.

Although the matches in connecti-,n with the Warring- ton Junior League Competition are not long draws so far as gates are concerned, they are very much so in the way of play. Another draw was recorded on Saturday in the match between the Parish Church and Latchford.

The tabulated results of this competition are as fol- lows :

For Agst. Ply. Won. Lost, Urn. GT. G.T.Pts. Parish Church 8 ... 5 ... 2 ... 1 ... 610 ... 2 6 ... 11 Stockt,m fie ,th 7 ... 5 ... 2 ... 0 ... 4 8 ... 2 4 ... 10 Latchfo d St. Mary's Rangel s Walkers' Brewery 5 ... 0 ... 5 ... 0 ... 0 0 ... 3 15 ... 0

===== 0002601_18930415_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIAT/ON.

Although St. Elphins won the match which took place between them and W.A.C.C. the game was not altogether a matter of apple pie and nuts for them. The fast of the almost equal merits of the teams at- tracted one of the largest "gates" that Association matches have been honoured with in Warrington. Such a "gate" had not probably been anticipated, for no preparations had been made to deal with a rush. Con- sequently, when 100 persons all tried to get through a small gateway which will only admit one at ditime,there " was a sound of cracking ribs." This want of prepara- tion was a very absurd oversight on the part of the com- mittee, and received a considerable amount of reprehen- sion from the spectators.

The match was marred by one unpleasant incident, and that was that one of the St. Elphins full backs was ordered off the field by the referee. This was very regrettable, more especially as it came from such a team as St. Elphins ! I hope the individual concerned will take it as a lesson and not allow his zeal to overcome his judgment in future.

The semi-final in the medal competition will be played to-day on the cricket ground, and the Committee intend to make a " boom " over it. St. Elphins and Orford Barracks will meet and play under the soothing influences of Orford Barracks band, who are going to play by the permission of the officers. I like the idea, somehow. Music is said to have charms "to sooth the savage breast ;"and whose breasts become MOM savage at times than that of the Knight of the Leather! St. Elphins, too, are bringing some clerical power to their aid. The Rev. T. W. Cook will play full back again, and the Rev. F. W. Willis, Rector of Warrington will kick off.

By the way. Jam glad N see that the Committee are advanced free traders in one branch of their commercial transactions.

MISCELLANEOTJS.

I notice that last week Thomas Green, of Warrington, won the 120 yards handicap on the Ardwick Cricket Ground. Green was trained by E. Walsh, ohm Tudsey, from the Strangers Arms.

CRICKET.

; Amongst the Australian cricketers who will shortly visit our shores there will be no 'herb familiar face and figure than that of Alexander Ckarles Bannerman. Good old stonewaller, patient as the sphinx, short of stature, tall in scoring abilities, he is one of the oldest men in the team, having been born in Sydney 34 years ago. He formed one of the first Australian elevens that visited this countryin 1878,and on four other occasions he has come to show us what Patience on a monument may do with a bat. tie has been known to make one run in ninety minutes, although his average rate of scoring is a trifle faster than that. At cover-point and mid-off he has the eye of a needle, and Is positively brilliant in either position.

One of the Australian cricket team of whom much is I expected with the bat is Henry Graham, of South Mel- bourne. He is one of the youngest members in the teams and has not visited England before. His average in inter-colonial matches this season is over fifty-six runs per innings. With a pretty style and just enough dash to play a safe game, and at the same time raise the enthu- siasm of the crowd, he is likely to become extremely popular during his visit to England.

As an understudy to Blackham, A. H. Tarvis, of the Australian cricket eleven, will fill an important position. When he visited England with the Australian teams of 'BB and 'BB he occasionally kept wicket, besides batting at times in excellent style. His inter-colonial average during the present season is twenty-nine runs per inn- ings, and he is said to have improved lately as a wicket- keeper. He stands up to the stumps to all sorts of bowl- ing, and takes the ball in either side with elegence and ease.

Who that knows anything of English or Australian cricket does not know the swarthy face, bearded like the pard, of John M'Carthy Blackham, the oldest M3M. ber of the Australian cricket team. He is a Melbourne matt, having been born there nearly thirty nine years ago. Although not an orator, he is strong on the stump, irelWTMUFtgldagoril,r:,;vltps,c Pro.,-u. Cornstalk who has been a member of every team that has visited England. It is a marvel to see him bat. He : is neither a Bannerman nor a Shrewsbury ; he believes ' all sorts of balls were made for hitting, and each time with him it is neck or nothing. By this method he oc- casionally makes a score with a figure before the noth• lug, but often enough it is missing.

William Bruce, who cornea over with the Australian cricketers, was not a consnicuous success when he visited England with the 1886 eleven, but since then he has developed into one of the most consistent and finished batsmen in Australia. 11e has a striking style in more senses than one, and like most lefthanded batsmen is strongest to his strokes to the off. When he visited England seven years ago, he did so on the strength of one big innings-328 not out. On the present occasion he comes as a finished bat, a fair bowler, and a smart field.

Warrington can't claim to he a centre for the advance ment of the exercise of rowing, but there is to be a row- ing match for £4 to-day, between G. Platt of the flowly Locks, and Torn Brooks, of the Boat Stage, Warrington Bid ?e. The rowing will be from Dobbirs Ll 4 to Howly Quay.

Some time ago a young man said that because the , novices" heat the." exp.rts " in the Christmas handi- cap at the Liberal Club, there were no billiard players there better than" novices." It was quite quietly sar- cestic, wasn't it. Bu what kind of players will the young man say they keep at the Widnes Liberal Club, when he knows that Warrington played them the return handicap on Thursday, and beat them again by 159 points. In the two matches they have beaten the Wid- nes men by 495 points. Nine out of the 13 Warrington men scored 150 points each. P. Quinn,of Widnes, made the biggest break,which was one of 45.

Mr. Brunner writes explaining that the general scope of the barbed wire Bill, for which he and Messrs. Mor- ton, Wilson anci Joicey are.tesponsible, has by an un- fortunate mistake been misrepresented. Clause 3, the vital clause was amended in committee, but mistakes were made in the printing, and a fresh copy of the bid was printed. The Operation of thi bill is now re- st,-ictecl to fences on land adjoining highways and dan- gerous to persons properly using such highways,

===== 0002601_18930415_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT'S TO BE DONE?

BY MR. 11. WRITHAIL Readers of the "Examiner" seem to be in a fair way for knowing as much about the States, and the way there as those who have taken the actual risks. Crossing the turbulent track is, no doubt, an interesting feat, pleasurably or otherwise just as the finances decide. After landing, knowing where to locate—if this has not been decided before- hand—is all-important. If one has a few hundred dollars, and a love for farming, or other occupations connected with land, I should not hesitate for a moment to recommend the wild and woody west.

----- But even going west requires that the voyager should know himself, as well as the region he is going to. Here in New England, going to Chicago is going west. To keep in a north-westerly direction is to find the great grain griming states, and it is here where a man should know himself thoroughly. Brain and muscle and a sturdy deter- mination to hold one's own are requisites without which failure is pretty sure to overtake one. To keep in a southerly direction is to meet with a warmer or more equable climate, and the possioility of being able to sit beneath your own fig tree. As I have said, to the one with a little money, and lov- ing the land, it is no difficult matter to be very soon able to see your own orchard with its trees loaded with peaches, apricots, figs, and such like. When this is all accomplished it is very nice to write about, nice to read about, and makes one long, 'almost, to make the venture. But it is not my mission to write about such an Arcadian life. lam seeing and reading too much of a life that almost requires the pen to be dipped in gall, and can, therefore, only write with the word caution always in large letters before my eyes.

It is said that God made the country, and man made the town. I don't know how this may be; but, anyway, I think man's share of the work is not proving so satisfactory. Evidence is abundant that the towns are growing at the expense of the coun- try. Here, in the New England State of Massa- chussetts, the towns are fast becoming large and unwieldy centres of population, where overcrowd- ing and insanitary conditions are daily producing the same results as in the <Auer, and more densely populated cities of the world.

It seems to rae that the states lying near to the two great ports of New York and Boston are likely. in the near future, to find great trouw,le in either the over-population, er the quality of the population settling in them. At the very large works at which I find employment, it is a rare chance for me to run against a native born American. Swedes seem to be in the majority ; after them Irishmen, then Turks, Fins, and so on. The Swedes come to stay ; I suppose they make good citizens. All I know of them is that after they have once satisfied themselves that there is money in anything they go for it, night and flay, meal times and all times. The Turks, and Fins do rict as a rule, come to stay. To get a few hundred dols. is their ambition ; to achieve this they live, or pig together, ten or a dozen in one room. This saves rent, and enables them, after some five or six years, to return to their homes comparatively wealthy men. I find this state of things is going on through all the large iron manufacturing dis- tricts. Leaving these features of the labour ques- tion for a time let us look at another.

I have just read a book printed in Warrington, and written by a dreaming Warringtonian, and when I closed it I was led to exclaim 'and of such things are dreams made.' I know the writer to be of a kindly disposition, keen, and incisive, yet not one lo strike below the belt, still I felt all his dreamy references were so many travesties of his- tory, and all his dreaming only so much waste of good energy, trying to reach the impossible. I tried, and have long tried to think out this question of Federation—lmperial or otherwise,—but it was no use. With all my love for dear old England, I could not get anywhere near the practical side of the question, if it has one. Bellamy dreamed a dream, and the publication of it has done a deal of good, and so my friend, the above named writer, may have in his way done some good. I also would dream, but it should be of the possible; not as hav- ing to deal with men who must be only a little lower than the angels, but as dealing with men who seem to be only a little higher than the devils.

When I looked through my "Examiner" of March 4th, and read the account of the Appleton farmer's notice to quit, I can scarcely describe my feelings. Indignation was uppermost for a time, but this was soon replaced by a quiet feeling of satisfaction, to be followed with a sweet dream of peace. Before my mind's eye passed the Liberation Eociety, and the somewhat useless work it has for years been doing. Then I thought I saw the church itself, as established by law,—high church, low church, broad church, and narrow church,—riven a-id twisted out of all shape, each party striving for the mastery, until at last the Liberation Society stood on one side, smilingly allowing his Grace of Canterbury to bring in his Bill for disestablishing and disendowing the church of strife, and so bring peace.. Next I saw my Lord of Salisbury with a neat little bill under his arm, on the back of which I could lust discern the words, "A Bill to federate the people of the British Isles." His lordship was followed by a mighty gathering of Ulster men, with a sprinkling of what had been known as Liberal Unionists. I thought I saw amongst them,and look- ing somewhat ashamed, Colonel Saunderson, carry- ing a banner, on which were inscribed the wcrds of a good old legend, "Peace on earth, and goodwill towards all men." It seemed to me that when these questions were settled, as they soon were, for her Majesty's Opposition, led by Mr. Gladstone, loved their country and Lnew their duty, that at once a change came over the whole scene. The country squire was led to see that he and the parson, were but servants of the people; that land and people are inalienable, and the Arley squire was led to see that he could not own the land any more than he could own the people.

As these pleasing visions passed, methought I saw others of equal magnitude appear. Large work- , shops built.and arranged so that the workman pur- sued his daily avocation with pleasure; producing only what was needed, he seem'd to throw his whole soul into his work; and—what appeared, most strange to me—the managers were all flitting in and out amongst the workmen, not as so many Legrees,but as men having to deal with men,a, kind word here and a cheering smile there. Fault-finding and curses seemed to be all done away with, and the power of the "greatest thing of all; love" was brought to bear, and the effect was simply magical. Employers were no longer a class apart and distinct from the workmen, hut all had one common end in view,, the creation of a heaven here, upon earth. Alas, that this should all be a dream, and that the We travel in lands that never were known tinder the sky, And gather dream flowers that never have grown, My pen and I.

Recently, an American Senator, during a speech he was making, must have been having a sort of waking dream. He suddenly pulled himself up, and astonished the wondering Solons by abruptly' putting the question,"Where was I at?" lam just now in the same predicament. Where was I at? Two ideas were running together in my head and struggling to be set free—lmperial federation and emigration and labour. The first must have prece- dence in a future letter. We may not be able to answer the question, " What's to be done?' but we are bound to exchange ideas about it, 80 that the great work now going on shall be as satisfactory as we can make it to those who will follow after. Clarence-St., Worcester, Mass.

CHLono-LE.rsEED Cough Lozenges, post free, 7d. Of al Chemists. -Advt. -

Messrs. Hobbs, Wright and Newman, who are now undergoing the first nine months of their imprisonment at Wormwood Scrubbs, are engaged in the making of coal bags and oakum-picking. Besides having their heads closely cropped, their beards have been clipped close to the face. making is great change in their appear- ance. Hobbs, it is said, s beginning to lose weight.

t PUBLIC NOTICE.—Not one lent HUNDRIIns of people of both sexes with wreck-d and debilitated constitutions are yearly restored to sound and robust health again by Messrs. Wilkinson, 3 and 4, Fitzallan Square, Sheffield. Write to them for Rdvioefree when suffering from weakness, loss of flesh, appetite. disturbed rest, pimples, blotches. indiges- tion, pallid skin. nervousness, and general debi ity. Posl- ' tive cure for all Blood and Skin Diseases, acquir. d or consti- tutional. Sixty year. experience. One address (as above) for over 30 years. The "A 1 Mixture," 9s, 9 the case. The Magic Mirror in envelope, four stamps. Sufferers cl+ap pointed with Electric Belts should write to us at once.— Adv An order has been issued extending the time to April 301-h for receiving exhibits for the Chicago World's Fair.

ILLY'S COMPOUND 11. demulcent anodyne expectorant fer Coughs and Colds, 90., 131 d. Of all Claeruiste.—Adtt,

===== 0002601_18930415_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
SUSPECTED POISONING OF A WOMEN AT WARRINGTON.

STRANGE REVELATIONS. --- A PATHETIC LETTER.

At the Board-room of the Workhouse, on Mon- day, Mr. S. Brighouse, county coroner, held the adjourned inquest on the body of Emily Passey,aged 28 years, who died in the Workhouse on the 18th of March.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY ANALYSTS' REPORT.

Mr. Brighouse said that the jury would recollect that the inquiry was adjourned for two objects, first because Dr. Spinks strongly suspected strychnine poisoning, and the contents were sent to the county analyst, to se whether there was any ground for Dr.Spink's statement, and secondly to see if they could possibly identify de- ceased. The analysis had been carried out by Dr. Camp- bell Brown, county analyst, and his colleague Dr. Collingwood Williams and the following was the certifi- cate sent by them :—" April 4th, 1893. We, the under- signed public analysts of the county of Lancashire, have submitted the stomach and contents, taken from the body of Emily Passey to careful analysis occupying 18 days, and we find no trace of strychnine in the same. There is nothing whatever in the appearance of the stomach that points to strychnine poisoning. There is no strychnine in it. Signed, Dr. Campbell Brown, Dr. Collingwood Williams." So far as the theory of poison- ing was concerned, there seemed to be an end of that suggestion. He thought that there would be some one in the world who would make some inquiry after de- ceased. The police of Warrington had searched and made inquiries in all directions to find out any of de- ceased's relatives, but so far they had been unable to find any of them. The only evidence they had of them was a letter found upon deceased, dated January 2nd, 1893 from Federalsburg, Maryland, America. The American Consul had been consulted, and he said there was a small village of that name in Maryland. The following is a copy of the letter :

===== 0002601_18930415_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PATHETIC LETTER.

"My Darling Sister,—Our Father in heaven only knows with what sorrow I read your letter a week ago. It must have been delayed on the road a long time. If I only had the money to send you to come right to me, but! haven't. Mother and us are both very slaort this winter, owing to the drought last summer spoiling the crops. We haven't had anything to sell, and had to sell a cow for want of food, and father had to sell all he had to pay the rent ; and as for Eliza, she could give you enough to pay your fare if she would . . . and Emma, don't ever think of going to her. I want when you .7et money, for you to come and make your home with me. Dear Sister, who is this Deighton, and what inftuencs can he have over you? In your letter was enclosed one from the matron. She said a gentle- man had written to me. I could not understand it, for' never received a letter from anyone but you. I can't understand in what place you are staying. God grant you are not in the condition she fears. Write, dear Sister, and tell me all when you get this, and don't ever think you are friendless. . . . Charlie and Ernest talk about you every day, and in their prayers at night they never forget Aunt Emma. . . . We all join in sending our best love to you, and remain your loving sister,Lizzix.—P.S.—Don't get discouraged. Remember that beautiful text "Acknowledge Him in all your thoughts and Ile will direct your paths."

===== 0002601_18930415_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
A STRANGE-MEETING.

Arthur Carter, who came to Duty's lodging-house, Scotland-road, with deceased on the night before her death, and was suspected of being concerned in her death, was then called. He said he was a joiner, resid- ing at 3, Keersley-street, Liverpool. On Wednesday night, the 18th ult., he was standing outside the British Workman Cocoa-rooms, Horsemarket-street, when deceased came up to him. She was crying. After a 'little conversation, she said, "It's very awkward for me. I can't get lodgings." Witness took pity on her and offered to pass himself off as her father, and get lodgings in Daly's lodging-house, to which she agreed. She gave witness fourpence for her lodging, I and they then went to the lodging-house. Next morn- ing, be saw that witness was very ill. She had told him the day before, that she had walked from Liverpool, and as be was going to Liverpool that day, he asked her if she had any message for any of her friends, but she said she had no message. Witness then left the house and walked to Liverpool. He never heard of the woman's death until informed by the police. He never saw her before he met her before the cocoa-rooms. He had been the head partner of the firm of Messrs. Carter and Martin, carters, Liverpool, and employed 350 men, but the firm broke, and he was glad to pick up jobs now. He was a freemason of the Lodge of Harmony, Ormskirk, which he joined on October 9, 1856. He lost his ticket when he was at Warrington, and made a report to the police, but had not found it yet. The coroner said that he had made inquiries of the secretary of the lodge at Ormskirk. and had found wit- ness's story to be correct. Tile jury thought witness's statement to be very straightforward.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CAUSE OF DEATFI.

Dr. Spinks was next called, and the coroner address- ing him said : " The poisoning theory seems to be dis- posed of by the result of the analysis.—Dr. Spinks : Completely so.—The coroner: As that is the case,are you able to give the j'iry any idea of the cause of the death of the woman I)—Dr. Spinks : Only that it is from con- vulsions arising from her condition.—The coroner : You found a tu:nour in the liver. Don't you think that had anything to do with the death ?—Dr. Spinks : No, and I don't think it would cause vomiting.—The Coroner: How large was it P—Dr. Spinks : It was as big as an apple.—The coroner: Quite big enough. I should not like one as big as a nut to be on my liver. (Laughter.) You, would say that death was due to natural causes.— Dr. Spinks : Yes.—The jury accordingly found that deceased had died from natural causes.—The coroner thought the police deserved great credit for their inquiry into the matter.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REV. MARK GUY PEARSE.

As this popular author and preacher is paying a visit to Warrington on Wednesday next, a few de- tails of his life and work will be interesting to those who wiah to hear him. Mark Guy Pearse was borne at Canaborne in Cornwall, on January 3rd 1812'. He states that his life was much influenced by the fact of having been born and bred in a town like Camborn. It being a small place, he had every opportunity of becoming intimately acquainted with various and striking types of character. There was room for leisurely growth of individuality,, and people thought their own thoughts in their own fashion. His schoolmaster was the Rev. W. W. Butlin, who is still Vicar ot Penpnunds, a man beloved and revered by his scholars, and who still finds a home for ministers when the Wesleyan conference is held at Camborne, but Mr. Pearsesa,ys it was from men like Dr. George Smith, of Trevu, and Captain Thomas' of the famous Dolcoath mine,that he learned his most important less ms, and came to unlerstand that the grandest thing in the world was to be a good man. As a boy he was brought into association with the fervent religious life of the Methodist people. Mr. Pearse mentions how, when a child, he was shocked on hearing that the Queen did not meet in class ! On leaving school he was articled to Dr. Elingston, of Liskeard, and began to prepare for the medical profession. In 1860 he came to London to eon- tinue his medical training at St. Bartholemew's Hospital, where, at the house of Mr. James Duncan, he met the Rev. Thomas Vasey, superintendent of the Hackney cir- cuit, who saw that he was called to another service,and in due course he entered the ministry. He had for some time previous to this, been a local preacher. His Intro- duction to this work was in a rather peculiar manner I The superintendent of the Liskeard circuit was unable to take an appointment at a village ten miles away. Mr. Pearse drove thither to inform the people, upon which the leader told him Ise would have to preach. It was in I vain to protest, and thus he preached his first sermon. After entering the Wesleyan ministry, he was stationed successively at Leeds, Brixton Hill, Ipswich, Bedford, Highbury, and Westminster, where his health failed and he had a year's rest at Bode in Cornwall, where one fruit of his residence is the neat and comely Methodist Chapel. He afterwards travelled in Launceston and Bristol, from whence he was appointed a colleague of the Rev. Hugh Price Hughes in the West Central Mission in London, of which the good results are well-known. As an author Mr. Pearce has a world-wide reputation, Cor- nish tales being his forte. Perhaps his most popular tale is that of the Cornish Cobbler "Daniel Quorm,"which has been translated into most of the continental languages and even into Chinese. His books are very popular in, the villages, and a good story is told in connection with his character sketches. On one occasion he was in a village in Lincolnshire, and was visiting some of the villagers. He came to one house where there was an old woman yho, upon learning who he was exclaimed : " So you are Mark Guy Pearse. Well I'm not going to say anything to you. You are not going to make a book out of me." Mr. Pearse is a very eloquent preacher and draws large congregations, and there is a treat in store for those who intend to hear him at Bewsey-road , Wesleyan Chapel on Wednesday next.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HULL STRIKE.

Exciting scenes were witnessed at Hull, on Thursday, in connection with the dock strike. Great crowds as- sembled at the Queen's and Prince's Docks, and a man who had been heard to declare that he would take a Federation ticket in spite of all the union men in Hull was assaulted, but was rescued by the police. Some boatsmen engaged in mooring a steamer were molested. Inquiries made at Bootle show that there is a strong pro- bability of many dock labourers and firemen coming out strike at the North-end Docks on Mond sy. Mr. J. H. Wilson, M.P.,speaking at Shields, on Thursday, invoked the unionists to make a firm stand, saying that if the Federation succeeded at Hull they intended extending their tactics elsewhere.

A formidable French squadron, composed of eight irmelads and fifteen cruisers and torpedo boats, arrived t Alexandria on Wednesday, and will probably remain thez• for about a week.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
21)berti5tment.

DOROUGH OP WARRINGTON. The Paving Se.verage Committee la prepared to receive TIiNDR" for a STONE BREAKER. Detail particulars can be obtained at the office of tbeilorongir Surveyor, Town Hall, Warrington, on and after the 1l e) April,at which place Tenders must be delivered on or t 4f°f_ 12 o'clock on Monday, the 24th mat., endorsed " Tender (0 Stone Brokaw.," and addressed to the Chairmanof the Parn* and Sewerage Committee The lowest or any Tender not necessaril v accepted. THOMAS LONGDIN, Borough Surveyor's Office, BorJugh Surveyor. Town Hall, Warrington.

THE WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY'S

===== 0002601_18930415_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
CONCERT.

On Wednesday evening the Musical Secieti closed its season with the performance of Mendel. solnes " Athalie," and a miscellaneous programa 03 Circumstances over which—to use the hackneYe phrase—the Society has had no control, have env spired to make it impossible to carry out the sea- son's work on the lines intended. But it is gratifr ing to note that the two performances actusill ventured upon, have, from a musical point of vi' been thoroughly successful,, and both will be re: membered as having reached a high standard (); jag, excellence. " Athalie" was, on Wednesday even s , given en the same adequate scale as was it on a recent occasion and, in this connectontha ' would, if space permitted, be intemating to coon:Pal the conditions under which it was last renderrd Musical Society exactly 20 years ago. Athalie jot exceptional work in so far as it is-strictly a narrativ,cro which music plays in reality but au secondary Partb•odied music is, indeed, purely incidental to the story eaa; eipal in the reader's text, and ths parts for the Pr':)l„.. vocalists are therefore entirely impersonal. Thee n";,.,hie log episodes of Queen Athalie's reign are told in g"tjell verse to which impressive force is imparted by the,t;' the of Mendelssohnrs genius. The responsible part tor reader was undertaken by a local lady-1a; Edelsten—and toner thoughtful and dignified e'er the must be credited much of the absorbing interest Odists work evinced by the audience. The leading were Miss Je inie Sadler and Miss Louise Cestria,seFfroved and Madame Bertenshaw, contralto; a trio w" Proa• themselves fully equal to the exigencies of the 0ce3330 The work abounds in graceful and telling solo Ta,9,ltibil for each of the three voices, and in still more ne--rte movements in which all are associated. Of the music, the charming duet Ever-blessed child rePloge and this fascinating trio " Hearts feel that is thee," call for special mention, and the hent phe regard to these must be shared with the ob°lll°' 05 were concerned in bringing both to a fitting singing of the chorus was marked by nila'l,-vaer strength and robustness of attack, and that 13- „leas' producing subtle gradations of tone, which wo ah. 4 andr ingly conspicuous, in the more arduous Ehj, is in this respect that the chorus has made soll`"matie dre the let us hope, permanent progress. A strong element pervades many of the choruses, notbolYepart lengthy opening number, thoae commencing d, tole VC sons of Aaron," and " Promised Joys." an of the later portions of the work in which the recurree'-eleare motif heard at the very commencement of tirl,?, nrcher is felt so strongly to assert its ascendency. 1'1" -wiper; tra was well equipped for the performance of itio 0; tant functions, and abty coped with the dil-R° nyinf the tuneful overture, the muted passages accoaro the the reader, and the more onerous choruses ; au",',.orne°' well-known "War march of the Priests," the lipar°, taliste of course distinguished themselves and Nontainea applause. The second part of the programme crtoe songs for each of the principal vocalists, an e'ff':tirrinn the orchestra, some- part-songs, and Glinka's Polonaise" Life for the Czar" for chorus and Miss Cestria wasted an opportunity in essaYi.7 no/ " Ave Maria" manufactured oat of Mascagnl4 of familiar intermezzo, which when the best is 1113"tecl trea to old fails to ri vet attention. Madame Bertenshaw in her rich contralto voice,to such a rendering Dr sit it!, favourite " The Lady of the Lea " as made aPPsriteetietl solid intrinsic meritin contrast with many oft 'o3g productions of later clays. Needless to "V 'f,coltilf„ vociferously recalled. Miss Sadler too, gave a,r1,,0. intelligent interpretation of the pleasing 6"7,,sion'' Moorish Maid " and was similarly successful in," diver- the goodwill of the audience. The song is nice`Y,,j,11.055,. sified in the treatment of the different verses a;:icacitT Sadler sang the latter part of it with a sparkling it of which showed how fully she ltad caught the sPiro& Set words. Of the two part-songs for the chorus,' the bath its pearls" (Pinsuti), WAS undoubteldl7 part in finished performance. ein 1e and all taking pc;:th the' seemed to ri-•gard this gem as a test Piece' ...tl4r; result that the orgemlile was a musical tr,e;ided t,h,3 Frank H. Crossley, the society's conductor, 50 baton throughout the evening, ably and naniej; piloting all concerned through difficulties A Ent. legion, and discharging also in a capable 311%, the v•",,c manner the arduous duties of accompanist ous songs. Ti)ere was only a moderate atten what proved a most interesting concert. •=.•

T 11 ,rioe, TEETH. PARKINSONS'S TEETH sre, at the 1;01,14 UNEXCELLED IN THE WORM). t ,„aate TEETH. may rest assured that these state`'-tiOsi 1 tased on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, and per,,,00 it TEETH. et guarantee of this to intending Pae",oges„ that J. H. PARKINSON has one of th te"oole 1 . Mitts' Practices in England. TEETII Mit the nu,ing „.,ill employing the BEST LABOUII. 4u-139314'v BEST MATERIALS obift , inabla:„so" ° .n TEETII. the LOWEST POSSIBLEPRIC.r, • b!as,r Any set made, or any work done bT ibiq I- TEETH. not giving ABSOLUTE S ATISFAOI te,,i, ol' cerrea'.. OF Every Detail will he Immediately "TEETH. an ENTIRE NEW SET made CHARGE. TEETH. tioTn haesnedcornecoditmlomns insure the sets having been inserted for TEETH. one year only, directly and indirectliiiYe-ohtioaot • the voluntary persuasion and recom I or A/41 e• TEETH. of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. these patients' names and adclressf.d...„olP.a., TEETH. renee, will be given to any wouldl-70: rryt , personally applying for them• 1 'agur i TEETn. tho , usands ill the past each recomrae!„.olo''' friends, speak volumes for success. 'shall , TEETH. His unusually Large Dental His for the COMFORT of PailT.coNfa',s NOT toDE6TE. R ANY. ALL aro ViPna.9. W. ,TrEEETH ETH, FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily ,ylO • ' .r,o/tfl As „ • ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EX + Thvg, rai', Bf.c" as hitherto_, b the aid of TEETH. LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE at wlP°,o,oo° gAiii liquefies for sale to dentists nearly + iptD rr...E'rg, lons weekly. Patients, have, theref.-irseg„ i. speciality also the benefit of his esPi%ll6, TEETH. CLOSED ALL DAY ON Fill TEETIL J. H. PARKINSON. gatolounostorTgiesit.:; 48. mosDLenEtyla.st TbLEETx.amiglAn WARRINGTON ON WEDNESDAYS, at P 411" .0 ~, Ladies' Outfitter, Sankey-st., from 2 to 6 P i.to 1,1'" RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Irua.l4:'' (e 5. Parson's), Confectioner, Bridge-st., trona ' ' csole ' NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS, at Ml' Gif"""ls. 2' from nr 11 1° ''':".°

BETH.

TEETH.

===== 0002601_18930415_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
__

'0 th.. 'oOrdinary notices of Births, Marriages. arta tba,„„elf I sertecl free of charge. Marriages or Death' ora"— 111 'No Cards." or any addition to the Registrar notice, are inneunoementa on cOnered6it'4,l47‘sint l'4e7lcsby tbe.n°4ll. and .SXPe each announcements must be authentios'n- and address of sender.

charged

------ -- ____. MARRIAGES. 1 pot 4" owe-. yr, GREGoar—Terr.—Aprll 11th, at the Wesleyan street. by the Rev. A. Freemas W slter th,ol; dop- Grande Rue. Roulogne-Sur-Mer., t. Oliva, Wes., of Mr. John Toft, Museum-street, Warrington. DEATHS. • tr.g'*" MOORS.—On March 30th, 1893' at Cleveland, Oh“)' ' aged 41 years, Edward, son of the late Mr. li' • 31 Warrington. onkih Mosnts.—April 12th, at 163, Orford-lane, in" la ia Y, are. sr de, kiln:mt.—April 7th, at 20, Lei3ester-st., Eli/ab3th j'l years. rMocrort.—April Bth. at 27, Heath Side, Joseph years. 64 . peers, PEERS.—ApriI 10th, at 12, Academy-et.. Thorn" years. ____--------..---

1 _________,__,_.—,....—a----•.--._______ ----.--_ i Go, Warrington.—Printod and Published by, JOAN Wat,g_fg_nstreet: at The baamtner General Printing Works, Bevie"rwroact and Published also at The Examiner °dices, Vle9_ ~,.$4• WIDNEs ; Iligh-street, RUNCORN ; 32, George:;_„LreAvgb. Hetens ; and 033. Market-street, IiIitLESTOW • '''' 15, 1893, e...ai1l •

===== 0002601_18930415_art0137.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18930415_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
IiETRESDA. LECTURE HALL, RUNCORN. EVERY NIGHT FOE A SHORT TIME ONLY, Wonder'. C MILLER. The Worker in M dical ELECTRICITY, will deliver a special taeh Lecture on " HEALTH and ELECTRICITY," 4ao evening ln the above Hall at 8 p.m.. and will also de- astride the power and efficacy of Massage and Galvanism, Electricity and Animal Magnetism. "T great Curative agents for removal of disease. Admission 3d. and 2d. A few Reserved Seats 6d.

THE IiSALEM BAZAAR in the WARRINGTON GYMNASIUM. PALMYRA SQUARE' WILL BE CONTINUED TO-DAY, SATURDAY. OPEN AT 3 O'CLOCK. All GOODS at greatly reduced prices. ADMISSION—SIXPENCE.

WESLEYAN CHAPEL, BEWSEY ROAD, WARRINGTON. ON WEDNESDAY NEXT, APRIL larit, 1893, A LECTURE ENTITLED OLD FOLKS AT HOME," Will be delivered by the R. MARK GUY PEARSE, CI London. Author of "Dael Quorm." The Chair will be taken by RoBERT GARNETT, ESQ., LP., at 7-30. Doors open at 7. iukt ADMISSION BY TICKET, is. EACH. 1" 115°R —Ticket-holders will be admitted by side proe entrance, Frogliall-lane, at 6-30. eda aid of Trust Funds.

IF T 0 X DIVISION CONSERVATIVE _ ASSOCIATION. alllivaziox The A",t7A. PRESIDENT. —LORD GERARD. ..IL MEETINci of the NEWTON e TOWN HALL. DIVISION CON- URIPTcx..., __VPCCIATION will be held at h yo at 3.10 0,...., wILLOWS,OU SATURDAY AFTERox , 29Ta.APatt, /Centleto ei°e' The Hon. T W. LEGII. !a P.. Taos. H. Ire, en will aoldr he meeting e t'. Chairman, Wrote,. ksQ., j 1.. se and other THE CROWN y QUEEN will CROWNING 1 ING OF THE lIIA BATuyty) P "tee OR Ole RECREATION GROUND, GO. LBORNE, OR 1.(teet:r84.1:::111:: 6T char ni dreo , epr a, 1893. different Nations, Trades. a esenting Drip lithe above A grand processlon of over Na4Pal streets. it At ru,ndNaßt NEW CHARACTERS, IrinAdßpaArcaTdEe Rth; be„ erorrCri°„,lBTlT„hi.!3S, alinrViV I.:TRW DANcEs! The, Queen will •)0 P.M. The MAY POLE DANCE and GIPSY 111 ND; 0.../"11 be performed by highly trained girls. The teeorid "I. GRREN MORRIS DANCERS will make their Morris I:l;tPpearance in Golborne and render their pleasing bill 'lace. The V. Po Bo Troupe of Juvenile lancers eueed rforrn th ir new Faotastic dance. which can be pro- by the a ove Troupe. Special engagement of the Wonder, W. G. HURST, " King of the Wheel," in ter 7,2trvellous fancy and trick Bicycle Riding TheMallehea- ipiDAginiature Volunteers, under command of Col. Thompson. IVIto appear and wi 1 go through their drills, 3rc. THREE %he" r3B (Golborne, Ravenhead and Firs-lane), will is in Reird'dkrice and Will Play for Dancing until dusk. Mr., Ilieven's " World's Fair " including Switch Sacks. Mountain 0,6110 M. Flying Ostrich's. Rocking Horses, Photo Studio, ikee,,n, Galleries Aunt &lye, Park Swings, Bowling for ; ty c7h!,li's,Ghost illusions Circus, Wild Beast and other novel- se"' Teas and Refreshments provided on the Ground at . 44nable prices by Mr. Taylor, "Wheat Sheaf," Standish. % - . 15, -on to Ground, 6d.; Grarid Stand, 6d. extra; Carriages • tell. For taloa, ac., see posters. JOSEPH SANKEY, Secretary.

Tpc, - -'IITRE ROYAL AND OPERA HOUSE, ST. HELENS. 4onb ? nd Manager -- Mr. Wallace Revill. r°l)riebor la 4,44.,. 0.150 Lessee of Theatre Royal Leicester.) anag Treasurer Mr. Arthur Horner. R Mer and MONDAY A.PRIL 17TH, 1893, And every Evening during the we 4. /3111Vtgernent of Miss MIGNON'S London Co., in HOODMAN BLIND 7115 beautiful Scenic Play, as recently performed at the 1. PRINCESS'S THEATRE, LONDON. l'be "IY company playing this successful drama. , ROLLO BALMAIN ,1 In his original part of " Jack Yeulett." la IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT. ike. tfl,Ponse to a generally expressed desire MR. REVILL 11011- P,leltsure In annoumng a Revision of the Prices of Admis- ittl'Oe the Theatre which with the exception of a few very ,is f I occasions including the Pantomime Seasons, will be all° Iva ~... Nvate Boxes, £2 2s. and El 10s. ; Dress Circle, 3s. ; Orchestra Stalls, 2s. ; Upper Circle, ls. 6d. PIT STALLS, is,; PIT, 241. 4 AMPHITHEATRE, Ed. ; GALLERY, 4d. 41f ?rice at 9 o'clock to all parts, Amphitheatre and ilbtsl Gallery excepted. doors open frpm 6.30 to? o'clock, Saturdays from 6 to 'N. Ciallery 6d. Amphitheatre 9d. Pith. Pit Stalls, is, 6d. Atid 6d. extra to other parts of the Theatre.

1111°MAS CLARKE, EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, A MARK RABLESTOWN. selectiOn of PLAIN and FANCY STA.TIONBRY Nri,,,,°t1,14 stock, London and Provinn'al Newspapers, Weekly 4eircho'4l°, Daily and Weekly PaperS delivered in the "wmrhOod of Barlestown Wargrave. and the Vulcan. th.'"t for the Established Dyers, Davies and Son, erpooi e old ta—,;kl FRAIN begs to intimate that he has is 'lit° partnership Mr. WILLIAM 4-' GROVD, and 6of '4slness will in future be carried on under th littz, FRAIN AND GROVE, and MET COLLECTORS, House, Estate, and General Commission Agents, .siKIRWORTH STREET, WARRINGTON. p 4 41.y......,A413 ACCOUNTS regularly collected in town or kpplir,„,",EßTS PURCHASED. References and Terms Communications promptly attended to. -(4 WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANY, LTD. (Late John Nunnerley and Co., Ltd.). BUILDERS' MERC HANTS. qjcit,„ATIPLY STATION. WARRINGTON, ptaNnHyN, AND CARNARVON SLATES. arkiNT. LINIE, DRAIN PIPES, FIRE BRICKS, TILES. ih ,_eVerY other kind of Builders' Materials kept ...4,oek at "Sr Arpley Wharf, or sent by road. • or ,ainooravessel to any Town or Port in the United u)Lli tist,t,t,llll4,,BtiNoTSlpr heRUGILY PORTLAND CEMENT CO. Telegraphic Address " ArpleV," Wgtou 4111)DES'S DANDELION C OFF EL The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. by ell Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 5d., 10d., and Is. 8d each. Wholesale by J GEDDES /I. SON, Ward/WWII.

pUPTURES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered; aonsulting hours 10 till 3. Trues and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 &9. Grosvenor-street, Lon- don-road, Manchester.

BUXTON LIME FIRMS COMFANY LIMITED. —.As Agents for above, we have always a stock of Lime at our wharf. Central Station, Warrington; prices quoted, delivered by rail, cart, or boat —Apply CLARE and liinow.or, Central. Station, Warrington, and Sankey BriclAes.

MONEY LENT ON, or PURCHASED to any Amount. Plate, Watches, Jewellery, Diamonds. Par- cels by post attended to by return. The Finest and Cheapest Stock of Forfeited Watches and Jewellery in Lancaskire.— HILL. Pawnbroker, St, James' Theatre. Manchester. CHILDREN'S FRIEND MISSION AND LITTLE CRIPPLES' BAND. President, GENERAL SIR ARTHUR COTTON, B.C.S.L. Funds are urgently needed for our Free Meals and for taking Poor Coildren for a Day, Week, and Fortnight into the Country. Kindly help. Gifts of Clothing and Articles for Bazaar thankfully re- ceived by the Superintendent, Mr. GEORGE FULLER, BRUNSWICK HALL, BRUNSWICK-ROAD, POPLAR. LONDON.

HARDAWAY AND TOPPING (late BOULOGNE-SUR-1HBR), FLUNHING, HOLLAND, Postage 21d. Daily Price List forwarded free on receipt of address. The Oldest Established Firm of Turf Commissium Agents ia the World. No representatives.

JAMES WEBSTER, 3XIDDELBURGH, HOLLAND. " The Turf Chronicle," containing the Latest Market Movements. on the SPRING HANDICAPS and ALL OTHER IMPORTANT EVENTS, Forwarded free on receipt of address. DOUBLE AND TREBLE EVENTS. STARTING PRICES ON ALL RACES. ACCUMULATIVE COMMISSIONS. N.B.—All communications should be addressed JAMES WEBSTER, Middelburg, Holland.

THOROUGHBRED STALLION. SEASON 1893. BELLEOUSE FARM, ACTON GRANGE, CHES- HIRE.—PALGLISON, 3 years, by NAUTILUS. winner of 26 races (llermit-Bireliettina) out of SOHO, a winner (Vestminste” Soham Lass) ; A aporoved mares.—Full Pedi- gree and further particulars on application to Mr. JENKINS, solicitor, Warrington.

SUN INSURANCE OFFICE, (FIRE.) FOUNDED 1710. Sum INSURED IN 1891.—£373,700,000. For all partilars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Mr. J. It. Pickmere & Son, Bridge-et. ' Mr. Edward W. Woods, Commercial Chambers, 55, Horsemarket-street. Mr. Lewis Voisey, King Street. Mr. R. Lowe, Market Gate Chambers

T 0 THE RATEPAYERS OF RUNCORN. Accept my thanks for electing me as one of your representatives on the Board of Uuardians of the Runcora Union. DAVID HENRY JONES. High-sty eat, Runcorn.

TO MY FELLOW RALEPAYERS. For the high compliment paid to m by electing me as one of your representatives on the Board of Guardians of the Runcorn Union, please accept my sincere thanks. Yours faithfully, SAUL. YARWOOD.

RUNCORN UNI 0 N.-ELECTION OF GUARDIANS. TO THE RATEPAILERS OF APPLETON. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, I tender my best thanks to those Electors who recorded their votes on my behalf at the recent Contest, and for the confidence reposed in me. Yours 1 aithfully, JOSEPH KNOWLES.

TO THE RATEPAYERS OF RUNCORN. LADIES AND UENTLEMEN.— Allow me to thank you for so kindly nominating and voting for me. Though unsuccess'ul, I assure you of a ready service at any time. Yours obediently, S. COVENTRY. High-street, Runcorn.

TO THE RATEPAYERS OF RUNCORN. -- LADIES AND GENTLEMEN.— I beg to return you my sincere thanks for returning me as one of your representatives on the Board of Guardians of the Runcorn Union. Yours respectfully, THOS. HANDLE Y. Ferncliffe, Higher Runcorn.

RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, I beg to tender my thanks to those Electors who sup- ported me at the recent Election. I appreciate the kind- ness all the more, being entirely voluntary, as I was nominated without my consent or knowledge, and have not solicited a single vote either directly or indirectly. B. KNIVKTON. 73, Greenway-road, Runcorn.

RUNCORN UN I ON. -ELECTION OF GUARDIANS. TO THE RATEPAYERS OF RUNCORN„ LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,— We have pleasure in thanking you for the renewal of your confidence by once more electing us as members of tke Runcorn Board of Guardians. In the future our aim shall be to serve your interests. Yours faithfully, SAMUEL TAYLOR. JNO. BAPTIST GASTALDI. THOMAS LEA. ALFRED R. NORMAN. Runcorn, April 12th, 1893.

PARK ROAD, NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS. MR. P. FAIRCLOUGH, Organist and Choir- master St. Peter's Church; Member of Trinity College, London. Solicits Pupils for Planoforte, Organ Singing, Theory, &a. Terms moderate. Pupils prepared for the Trinity College and other Examinations. Pianos carefully Tuned. Terms Moderate.

THOMAS COWDELL. HOUSE AND ESTATE AGENT, 38, RNUTSFORD-ROAD, WARRINGTON, RENTS of Cottages and other Property in town or country regularly collected and paid over monthly, quarterly, Or as desired.

R. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING Rk:QUISITES. GLADSTONE HAG (00"/ HIDE) from 16s. Od. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS from 245. Od, 39, DALE-ST., AND 8, PARKER-ST , LIVERPOOL.

TRIPE! TRIPE! CHIP POTATOES. G 3 to TOM PLATT'S, 24, BRIDGE STREET, BARLES- TOWN, for noted Tripe; fresh daily. His Chip potatoes cooked in pure lard, by patent machinery, are a speciality, and can be relied upon. T. PL.LTT is also prepared to supply in any quantity Neatsfoot oil, and English tallow.

NEW SPRING GOODS. MILLINERY, HATS, BONNETS. JACKETS. CAPES. DEESSUS, &C. SEE WINDOWS. JOHN SUTTON, 18. MARKET-ST.. WARRINGTON.

DAMP WALLS. ABSOLUTE CURE GUARANTEED. PRICES AND PARTICULARS FROM J. L. DUGUID AND CO.. 28, CIIAPEL-STREET, LIVERPOOL. • Where "Model " damp-proof walls are on view.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Mee : 168, ISLINGTON-SQUARE, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5. Repayable 6s. Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2s. 3d. Of £5O„, 20s £3 98. Od. £lOO, „ 40s. £6 16s. Osl. ALEX. GORDON. Manager.

"THE SIGN OF 4," followed by 3, is the number of HEIMBREY'S LINOLEUM WAREHOUSE in CROSS-STREET, where you can buy the best and most perfect designs in Linoleum thoroughly matured and leady for laying from is. 4d. per square yard upwards; Linoleum, Corticine Cork Carpet Hugs, Brussels and Tapestry Carpets and Squares' Mats, Matting, Austrian Bentwood Chairs, Tables, Ito. The Largest Stock and Best Selection in the Provinces. HEMBRY & CO., 1-11• 43. CaOSS-STREET (Albert-square). MANCHESTER.

DR. FOX'S COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS THE GREAT REMEDY. FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, INFLUENZ I A, HOARSENESS, LOSS OF VOICE AND ALL AFFECTIONS OF THE CHEST AND LUNGS. Being prepared from Fruits and Herbs only, may be taken with perfect safety by Old and Young. Sold everywhere in tins, Is. lid. each by Chemists and Medicine Vendors. SOLE PROPRIETOR— GEORGE EADE. 72 , GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON, A TIN SENT FREE ON RECEIPT OF STAMPS.

GRAD,TS OCOUREE, METAL POLISH. SAVHS LABOUR And gives a most brilliant and lasting po'ish. ls., 44.,2d., and Id. Tins. Of all Grocers and Chandlers. Wholesale from DUGUID BELL, and Co. 28, CHAPEL-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

IRONMONGERY! IRONMONGERY! WM. LAWSON 57, MARKET-ST., EARLESTOWN. GENERAL IRONMONGER, WHOLESALE CABINET \'AKIR, SANITARY AND DOMES- TIC ENGINEER. Tin, cooper, and ironplate worker, and g ,neral copper smith. BRASS FURNISHING, in all its branches, under- taken. Brass. Iron, and Steel castings supplied from Customers' own patterns or to order. CYCLES CAREFULLY REPAIRED AND REPAINTED. INVENTOR AND PATENTEE OF THE LAWSON LIME-LIGHT APPARATUS. Note the address: 57 MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN.

TUCK AND CO., Limited. INDIA RUBBER 86 PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. Guaranteed quality, Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. or CEMENTED ONLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street. Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester. London, Caroliff, Newport. and Dublin, LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

SMALL-PDX I SCARLET FEVER! II PREVENTION BETTER THAN CURB! I I Healthy Homes maintainedby using BIBBY'S DISINFECTING FLUID. It is a perfect Antiseptic and Deodoriser, and effectuall prevents contagion. It is a sure remedy for skin sores in man, horse, or dog, and is not poisonous. Invaluable to Hotel Proprietors, Far- mers and Householders. HENRY BIBBY and Co., Dock Chemical Works, Cornbrook, Manchester.

EBENEZER TI M INS it SONS, LTD' ENGINEERS AND IRONFOUNDERS, MAKERS OF CHEMICAL AND SOAP PLANT. BRIDGE WATER FOUNDRY, RUNCORN, ESTABLISHED 1827. CONTRACTORS FOR GAS WORKS, WATER WORKS, ARTESIAN WELLS, BRINE WELLS, AND BORINGS FOR MINERALS. BORING PLANT AND PUMPS.

TEETLI ! TEETH! TEETH! MACDONALD'S PEER DENTORIUM. WHOLESALE ARTIFICIAL TEETH MANUFACTORY (Registered.) By H.M.R. Letters Patent. (Trade Mark.) The Best and Cheapest House in the Profession. Single Teeth, 25.; Sets, 20s. Fit and Quality Guaranteed. Patients fitted while they wait. A lady in attendance. The Trade Supplied. All beet materials and woritms Teeth extracted free from 6 to 8 p.m. Teeth extracted without pain. Free consultations. Telegraphic Address : " Dentist," Manchester. 2,9, PfccemLY (Opposite Infirmary Clock), MANOHRSTRII.

MESSRS. CU PS T Y AND S 0 NS, SURGEON DENTISTS. EXTRACT TEETH WITHOUT PAIN. 78—ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL-78 WITH NITROUS OXIDIC GAS. A SET OF ARTIFICIAL lERTH, WITH ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS, FROM Is. PER TOOTH. Mr. Cumpsty's advertisement to extract teeth without pain is strictly correct. Samuel Nash. Secretary Young Men's Christian Aesociation.-10th August, 1869.

THE HUMAN HAIR. IF YOUR HAIR IS FALLING OFF. Consult S. TAYLOR, or Use His Renfiwned Preparations. CANTHARIDES EXTRACT and POMADE, which are CERTAIN RESTOREES of the HAIR. -- TAYLOR'S SEDATIVE AND NUTRITIVE CRBAM is Infallible for Perfectly Relieving the Skin from Irritation and Freeing toe Hair from cond. Prepared only by S. TAYLOR. HADLDANSSBIL AND PERFUMER, 26 AND 28. KING-STREET. MANCHESTER.

Publitationl. __— " HOW TO ENSURE HEALTH."—A medical work giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of all kinds of Debility ; post-tree, two stamps.— Address Dr. BARNES, 48, Image Square. Barnsbury London. N.

SOUTHPORT, SUNNYSIDR HYDRO, Promenade extension. Physician, Dr. Bernardo. A summer and winter residence, combining all the oomforts of a pleasant home. Sea view, parks, pier, and trams near. Ns or Turkish and other baths, billiards, and tennis. Terms moderate.—J. Boocom proprietor,

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40, LUDGATE HILL. HOME COMFORTS. CLEANLINESS AND QUIRT. Central for business or pleasure.

NELSON'S NEW BRIGHTON HOTEL (Half-way between the Ferry and Railway Station), VICTORIA-ROAD, NEW BRIGHTON. Gentlemen Dining in Town can have a substantial BREAKFAST AND TEA EACH DAY, ALSO BEDROOM AND ATTEN DANCE, Foil 30s. PER WEEK. Week Ends, including Dinner on Sunday, 14s. 6d.

SPRING AND SUMMER Snow . AT THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT IS ONE OF THE LARGEST IN VARIETIES EVER MADE IN WARRINGTON, FOR SPRING AND SUMMER WEAR. Wonderful ranges of new Colours in real all Wool Scotch and Cheviot T weed Made to Measure. SUIT 31/6.37/6,47/6,55/-• IROUSERS I (lined) 10/-,12/-,13/6,16/6. BLACK WORSTED COAT AND VEST, BLACK VICUNA COAT AND VEST, BLACK LLAMAS COAT AND VEST, BLACK HOPSAC COAT AND VEST, 24/-, 31/-f 36/-9 42/-. WELL MADE AND TRIMMED. FIT GUARANTEED. 8 AND 10, HORSEMARKRT-STRBRT, WARRINGrTON.

(-1 ‘.../RITCHLEY, THE NOTED TAILOR, FIRST QUALITY IN LABOUR NT AND STYLE. SPECIALIIIES. COVERT COATS, 40s. SUITS, 50s. TROUSERS 16S. DRESS SUITS 70S. J. C. having a largo stock of late season goods, is offering same at greatly reduced prices. 6 BOLD STREET. WARRINGTON.

EXPIRATION OF LEASE. MISS CANTRELL HAS DECIDED TO CLEAR HER CHOICE SELECTIONS OF GLASS AND CHINA AT A REDUCTION OF 20 PER CENT. DISCOUNT FOR CASH. MISS CANTRELL, 66, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

MARTINDALE'S WELL KNOWN BLACKING. (LIQUID AND PASTE). ALSO "SANDRINGHAM" WATERPROOF JET LUSTRE AND KID CREAM • FOR LADIES BOOTS. HARNESS COMPOSITION. (THE CELEBRATED HORSE SHOE BRAND) FURNITURE POLISH &c., ALL OF THE BEST QUALITY. 17, HANOVER-ST.. LIVERPOOL,

THE EMPIRE TEA CO's NOTED TEAS Al (.• PER T 2/ 2/2, 2/ / 4, 26, & 4/ p•-• LB. WE GIVE ONE CHEQUE, OR VALUE 3n. WITH BACH QUARTER-POUND TEA. Purchasers or Cheque Holders have a costly and varied Stock of useful and ornamental Articles to choose from. • Sheets, Tablecic the, Towels, dtc. to, Kitchen and Parlour Rugs, 1-3 A E.; Door mats all sorts, 0 14 el Z Floor and Table Ollcloths, 0H 0 Ironware in great variety, Hg O 0 Baskets, Brushes, Ac., o w iNtlery all sorts, 0 A m „.!. • 0 China, and Earthenware. t-1 Toilet Sets. Trinket Sots. C ^. 0 Cri ▪ Lamps a large assortment, !;4 • Glassware all sorts, A Vases and other ornaments in great variety. Culinary articles too varied to enumerate. THE EMPIRE TEA COMPANY, 16, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

UNSWORTH BROS.' GREAT WINTER SALK, •UONEBNCING FEBRUARY lITR. £5,000 WORTH Or CLOTHING. HOWBEIT. SHIRTS, HATS, CAPS, &C. ENTIRE STOCK RIDUCEDI 2s. to be. In the Pound off. 24, 26, 47, Al 49, HIGH-STREET. RUNCORN. WIND FOR CATALOGUE.

ISFRATEPUL EPPS 8 COMPORTING. DRPA FAST OR SUPPER COCOA BOILING WATER OR MILK

WHITE STAR LINE, ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVRRPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. every Wed ',TEUTONIC ... Wed.. Apr 19 I GERMANIC-Wed., Apr. 26 Second Cabm will be carried 60 the voyage marked thus*. Steerage passengers %Nth now be carried. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform In model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply JOSEPH MITR, 61, Legh-at.. War- rington, or to lestay, Imam, and Co., 34, Leadenball-street. London. 8.C.. and 10, Water-street. Liverpool.

WHITE SHIRTS ER-FITTED WITH NEW NECK-BANDS, FRONTS, AND CUFFS. -- PAUL THE PRINCIPAL HOSIER, 69, BRIDGE-ST., Two doors from Lion Hotel, Wartingtort. •

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT G. BEST BOOTS FOR EVERYBODY. See the new Styles in LADIES' LOW SHOES. UNDER THE CLOCK, WARRINGTON. UNDER THE CLUB, vvnms. 20 BRIDGE STREET, EARLESTOWN. THREE GOLD MEDALS FOR QUALITY.

LADIES THIS FOR YOU TO READ. THERE IS NO PLACE LIKE HOME. And nothing in it looks more comfortable than a BRIGHT and CLEAN FIRESIDE. NO MORE BLACKLEADING REQUIRED. YOUR GRATES CLEANED IN FIVE MINUTES. USE LAWSON'S BLACK. Sold in Tine at 2d. sp. each. Full directions for use on each tin. All you require to use it with is LAWSON'S PATENT BRUSH AND HOLDER, Price 60. One Brush will last a lifetime. The end of the Holder being attached to the Brush forms a Shield to prevent the fingers being soiled with the black. LAWSON'S BLACK is a pleasure to use. No Brushing. No Dirt. Your Grates and Fenders will always look equal to new. Will not burn off or blister only where the bars ge red hot. SOLE MANUFACTURER FOR PATENTEE: M. M. LAWSON, BOOTLE, LIVERPOOL. A large size Tin, with Brush and Holder complete, free per Parcel Post for Is. 4d. in stamps or postal order. Copy of unsolicited Testimonial, selected out of a number received. Hawthorne Villa, Llnthorpe, Middlesbro', Oct. 29, 1892. Mr- M. M. Lawson, Liverpool. DEAR SIR,-1 have used some of the " Lawson's Black" on my drawing and dining room fire grates, which my husband brought me to try. with the object of saving the servants the tedious work of itlackleading, and I think it only right to comply with his desire to inform you that the trial has been most satisfactory in every respect; not only is the saving in time reduced more than three-fourths, and the appearance of the grates much improved as compared to blacklead, but the brush and holder you heve introduced en- ables those who use it to do so without in any way blacking or soiling their bands. I may also add that so far the appear- ance has not been affected by the heat of the fires.—Yours respectfully, JENNIE DOVE. Ask your Teaman, Grocer, or Chandler for it, And See that You Get It.

SPRING AND SUMMER SHOW IN JUVENILE DEPARTMENT AT THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT FOR LITTLE BOYS we have now Ready for SPRING and SUMMER WEAR very pretty /11 New Designs in SAILOR SUITS dm.. from La / BLUES. BLACKS, BROWNS, GREYS. FAWNS, &c. YOUTHS D.B. REEFER RNICKER SUIT in all Colours are VERY STYLISH FOR BOYS 9 to 15 years old. YOUTHS D.B.AND S.B. REEFER SUIT long TROUSERS in endless variety prices to meet all Buyers &a ALL GOODS OUR OWN MAKE. 8 & 10, I- I ORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

BRAND & CO.'S BEEF BOUILLON. A MOST NUTRITIOUS AND INVIGORATING BEVERAGE. Made by the Simple Addition of Boiling Wat At a Coat within the reach of all. 11. LITTLE STANLIOPE-ST.,MAYFAIR, W.

(MORRIS'S TOW & HONEY. The only Cure for Colds, Coughs, Bronchitis, de. FACTS. 4 mottßis'S TIC-CUBA PILLS. ' The only Cure for Neuralgia. Tic, and I Toothache. 1 , Bottum Chemist, Alexandra-road, Hau- t (theater, and all Dealers.

HOOFING COUGH The celebrated effectual HOOFING COUGH cure without internal medicine. HOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price HOOFING COUGH 4s. per bottle. Sole Wholesale Agents: W. Enwerns & Sox, BRONCHITIS 157. Queen Victoria Street London. CROUP v./

LORD BOTHERS, ARE NOW SHOWING SPRING AND SUMMER NOVELTIES MANTLES AND DRESS GOODS, &c. LORD BROTHERS, 128. BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

JA S. M. G REENHALGH, CABINET MASER, UPHOLSTERER, AND DECORATOR. SHOWROOM: 48, SANKEY-STREET. WORKSHOP: KING-STREET, WARRINGTON.

35, SANKEy STREET, WARRINGTON. MAWSON AND CO. THE STANDARD TAILORS Are NOW SHOWING some of the Choicest Designs in WOOLLEN GOODS for the present Season. We have lately adopted and are now cutting by the NEWEST AND LATEST AMERICAN SYSTEM. With great success. and feel confideet of giving every satisfaction in fit and style.

HALL'S MY HATTER. THE CELEBRATED W. W. OR WEAR WELL MAKE OF HATS. MADE FRONT PURE NATURAL FUR AND PURE LAMBS' WOOL, ELASTIC AND UNBREAKABLE, DURABLE, COMFORTABLE AND EASY FITT- ING AND PERFECTLY VENTILATED. FROM 2/6 TO 6/6 Made by TRADES' UNION workpeople in a British Factory. To be obtained only from THE NOTED HAT SHoP, I, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON.

JAMES WILLIAMS, CIIAIR AND CABINET MANUFACTURER, 26 and 28, GEORGE LEIGR-STREET, AND 37, GREAT ANCOATS STREET, MANCHESTER. Cheapest HOUSE in the Trade. ESTABLISHED 1E25.

NOTICE TO MASONS. BUILDERS, AND RAIL- WAY COATRACTORS. EDDISBUBY RED AND MANLBY WHITE STONE loaded In trucks at DELAMERE AND MANLEY STATIONS. 5,000 TONS IN STOCK, suitable ter RAILWAY BRIDGES AND OTHER PURPOSES REQUIRING STRENGTH. For particulars apply to ISAAC JOHNSON AND SON, HAREWOOD HILL, RELSALL, near CHESTER.

FOR THIS SEASON! My Stock will be found replete with Leading Novelties in SUITINGS, COATINGS, TROUSERINGS AND COVER COATINGS, Suitable fer business or best wear, in the Leading West of England, Scotch, Irleh, and Welsh Homespuns, and Serges. In order to meet the convenience of Gentlemen not able to come to be measured, I shall be pleased to forward Patterns or personally wait upon them. S. COVENTRY, 4, HIGH STREET, RUNCORN.

ARE YOU ILL? .0 tbe Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago. Piles, Pains eo of Back. Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaints. Dlso'gt,rlS' Ridueys, Bladder, Urinary Organs, Stone, Gleet, lave tine, t-ciatica, Rheumatism, and Gout, will find a P°' sod' cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small bo::!,_ it not satisfied your money will be returned. Prise 1.1057, Of all c ',mists, or post tree for 12 stamps tram 1;43 put ROYD'S Medical Hall, Cleckheaton, Yorke, Don't 06 off. If you cannot get them write to the Proprietor, a box mill be sent Beat post.—Advt. 10 Enormous damage has been caused by a cY.,I-„lone ouri• the States of Kansas, lowa Nebraska, a' 0-"°""ed to Many small towns are reported m to have been reduc'.ico ruins, and the telegram adds that there are indiCa of serious loss of life.

OUGLAS. ISLE OF MAN.—Refined Christian Home. ,127 r replete with every comfort, for boarders and private t families ; select part of bay. Terms reasonable.—Mrs. WESTLAKE, Sea Level, Queen's Promenade. Accessible by 'trams.

NT max war.Es.-FUItNISIEED COTTAGE or APART- 3113NTS to be let, two sitting-rooms, four bedrooms. kitchen; splendid beach, safe bathing end boating ; bracing -sea and mountain air.—Apply Mrs. HUGHES, MorfaNevin, I.4ollbeli.

LANDUDNO, WEST END BOAIMINO ESTABLISH- .I4 MENT.—This establishment, just recently enlarged. is charmingly situated, with splendid view of both Bays, Great Onto, Isle of Anglesey, close to Beach. Pavilion, Pier, Happy Valley, and Marine Drive. Good management with cleanliness, combined with liberal table, fine Dining, Draw- ing,Ladiee, and smokerooms. Presentterms from 66 day, no extras.—Twoatas IFPHCOTT. proprietor.

autumn. 23 WILSON PATTEN-STREET, WAR-RI/WO-TON SUMMER TERM (DV). MAY End. fferdeee etc.— Apply to the Misses RIMMER.

HOLLY BANK, FRODS IT AM. Educational Establishment for Girls, PRINCIPALS. the .lElsses LAYCOCIC Pupils prepared for Local Exams. Next term commences May Bth.

ADI ES' SCIIOOL,M ELGH ET HOUSE, 'LYTHAM. Li —lnclusive terms, special for clrg. -references to arents, vacancy for article 4 popil.—Principais, the Misses MALKET (Miss. S. Halket,L.L.A.)

OLAREMONT, 101. TNT EPHRAIM - ROAD, STREATHAM, LONDON. PREPARATORY SCHOOL for the on of Gentlemen, {Established 1881.) Tutor n.B.A. London. Principal—Miss JULIA GRIFFITHS. 'Prospectus on Application.

;CT. GEORGE'S SCHOOL, (Catholic), Brampton, 4...3 Huntingdon, (I} hours from King's Cross). A ,thoroughly fessional or Commercial Education provided at a moderate pension.—Address The PRINCIPAL.—N.B. lhe next term begins on January 17th, 1893.

..SEFTON HOUSE, WEST DERRY, :NEAR LIVE}i'OOL. Conducted by the Misses ACKERLBY. Goad elucational advantagea. The house, a large and rum- modious one. is most conveniently situatet tor access from Manchester and Southnort being within five minutes' waik from the Wes i Derby Station, on the Cheshire Lines Railway NEXT TERM will COMMENCE Wednesday, May 3rd. Charges Mcderate.

HE MARLING ENDOWED SCHOOL, STROUD. _L Chairman of Hovel...ors: Sir W. H. Marling. Bart. Fchool Fees. 2 —23 a Term ; Boarding Fees, only .239 per Annum. Boys admitted at any period at Pro, ortionate Fees. For particulars apply.—W. I. URERNSTREET, M.A. Head- master. '

WARRI N G T 0 N GRA NI MAR SCHOOL. -- Tip, Summer Term will beßin on TUESDAY, May End. • The Capitatmn or Tuition For are:— Upper Div'. ion — £4 per team. Lower Division • Preparatory Form for boys }£2 .. 1 from 8 to 12 years of age. ' 'There are.thr e rerme in a y Cr. Fer further particulars apply tothe HEAD MASTER.

•p REPARATORY BOARTHVG SCHOOL ^FOR YOUNG GENTLEMEN, WBST ROYD, FORMBY, NEAR LIVERPOOL. Under the Patronage of HIS LORDSHIP THB BISHOP OP T.IVERPOOL,, AND THE RIGHT REV. MGR. ,CARE, V.G. This Gehool offers special advantages to young and•dellcate boys, being near the sea, and situated in the healthiest,part of Lancashire. Home comforts and individual attentim. 'Pupils prepared fer different examinations Refereuees to many of the clergy and parents of present and former pupils. Concucted by Cert floated Mistresses. • For terms. &c., apply to Miss GOSITORD. as above.

&Mantel). - BSPBCTABLE PRILSON wishes to take in washing and irotEng. or charring.—Apply B. A., 20, Bllesnaere.st.t Hali-e;., Warrington.

-,rOI•PEIIENCED DRESS and MA_NTLBMAKBR, willing .11.:4 • to go cut by the day. Ladles' own materials madeup, or dramas 'remade at hAne, references.—A. GIBBONS, 12. • igUs-at., Warrington. • 1H IBF • ItE N TS. - WAN TED well-seorred first/I,or a econds, In any part of Lancashire, oornolete when houses, rooted and slr..ed. Bend full particulars A. F. Prr...tnip, Braaanose-,t., Man& ester.

'WANTED. good FUSTIAN CUTTBIIS, long frame pre-' ferred good wages guaranteed. —Apply VELVET tiI,TIFLE TTING CO., LTD., 30 and 32, York-buildings, Mosley et., 34N-chester ; or DEAN MEWS, Ralliwell, near Boltan.

I T RFT OFF CLOTHES bought. best price for parcels for- -1..1 warded, if aot approved, goods retaaned.—Jahors GOR- m.aar, .New and Sc3ond-hand Clothes Dealer, 326, 328, and 346, Deansgate, MAnctiester.

-- QSCOND-HANLI DRESS SUITS, Milttatv, Iheatrical,Band k) Uniforms .for sale or hire.—JAS GERMAN, New and Seccnd-hand Glottes Dealer, 326. 323, and 346, DPansfrate, Mancle4ter., Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits perfectly new at a thircivost price.

%IWO *.VACANCIBIi in Solentific Dressmakers' Here young larliBs are thoroughly taught, either dress- making or the lerenel, mill.nery business. In eight weeks girls are,quitecompetont to earn their own living, and are then placed In good situations. Young people are sent from atioarts of England„T,,r3land, and Scotland to he trained at tisk college, where prAeiency is guaranteed in the eight weeks. Many dressmakers in the old style come here to learn; .this .splendid new ,cit raffle system. No dress requires to be Attecl on. The charges at this college are extr,mely moderate, toault the times. The ages of students ~vary from 14 to '45. _References &iron to late pupils doing well in life. References required with each std.ent. Homo cot-Marts and every ea. e 18 taken of young people placed at this „college by their parents to be taught.-- Write for prospectas to.adame DRAKE, Norwich.

att ti) Vribat rten). GEORGE JACKSON. _ . PAWNBRO*BR, JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH, 59, IND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS. BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS. GUNS, and MUSICAL IN- 61RUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW EATES OR INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWO.)DS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

JUST forfeited, fine first-class highly finished English SILVER LISVEH WATCHES, in perfect going order. Each watch has all the latest Improvements, they are fully jewel- led, and have damp and air tight cases will give with each Watch our Payments taken. stamped guarantee forflve years. Cost. Maker. Price. £6 10 0 James Watts, Liverpool. £.2 16 0 3 10 0 Ray Jones aCo , Worcester. 1 15 0 7 0 0 G. Aaronson, Manchester. 2 19 0 5 10 0 F. Campb 11, Liverpool. 1 12 6 7 7 0 Harris, Manchester. 2 19 6 Will advance at any time, within a few shillings of price paid. UNREDEEMED eight yards of Double width all Wool CASH- Payments taken. MERE, uncoiled, honestly worth 7s. D. twenty shillings, the Dress Piece only

RAND ENGLISH 30 keyed kJ Chromatic CONCERTINA by that well known prize Medalist " Lachenal " of Lon ion, equal to Payments taken. new, perfect tone and condition, in lock-up Wood Ca e, a genuine forfeit, cost fifty-Ave shillings, taken in S. 6D. exchange. Sacrifice for MAGNIFICENT inlaid Rosewood MUSICAL BOX, in grand order, plays twe've airs principally operatic, long barrel, patent indica- Payments taken. tor. Cost two pars ago ten pounds, inspection invited. Wonderfully £3 S. cheap.

151011FRITED under special con- ': tract, exceedingly massive SOLID GOLD ALBICHT, with Sard and Bloodstone Swing Seal, Govern- Payments taken. ment stamped, every link weighs nearly fourteen sovereigns, equal to new. Cost fourteen guineas, nine 2,8 BS. months ago, will tai e Inferior Alberts Taken In Exchange.

j D. TAYLOR and Co., ()bartered Accountants Town t 3 . Hall BLildings. Halifax, have For Sale 20) 210 6 per cent. Preference killAltEs in a good, sound Private Limited Company.

CHARACTER from Handwriting I—All de. iring a faithful delineation oftheir character shotild send specimen with is. Id. to Professor LI,RON.t. .Zl2, Vauxhall Bridge road, Westminster, London. ,

ON SA.LE.-23 Forms with b•cics and castingsia good condition, suitable for Concert Hails, or recreation grounds.—For particulars arply to EDWARD BAILEY, 34 Hotel-st., Eariestown.

QCOTCH WILISKEE.—Parties desiring really good Whlakey stiould send P.O. for 20e. for six bottles, car- riage lead to any part of England.--IdeJEanow and CO., Lockerble, N.B. Established 1825.

nUrt BLACK AND BLUE WOOL bERGHS make splendid suite. A lull suit length, carriage p id for 10s.. 15s. 6d. and 18s. 6d. Patterns free.—A. L. larrmswoon, Manufac- turer, Honley, Huddersfield. Mention piper.

TTINVENTOI3B,—If you have an (lea. for an invention or trade mark? Secure it at modente Cost. Book post free. P4t-nts bought and sold.—EllumAx, BinntE and Co., patent agents, 67, Lord-at., Liverpool.

A GOOD QUARRY BUSINESS to he disposed of. 11 tramway out of Quarry on to the Cheshire Lines Rail- way.—For partlewars apply to Isso.ko 77ENSON -arid Bow. Quarry Proprietors, Harewood 11111, Kelsall- TOHN LOWE, Fire and Thief-proot SAFE MAKER. has ON SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. --38. Albeit-street. King-street West, Manchester.

MANUFACTURER'S REMNANTS In Stuffs Cashmeres, Prints, Calicoes, Cretonnes, Flannels, Shirtings. and Woollen Clothes, 10 lb. bundles cheap; price list free.—W. CLABasoif, Merchant, 41, SwAne-st., Bradford.

80 000 SOLD. Lancasterte c.lebrated photographic Cameras. &c.. for Amateurs or Profes- sionals. MANCIIESIER AGENCY iS at 71. Oxford-st. (All Saints'). Lists free. Second hand earneras bought or ex- changed.

LOSS on Shirts and Collars i easily got by using N.JI BUSS'S DIAMOND LINEN ENAMEL (covered by Royal Letters Patent) ;no polishing iron required t• of grocers And chemists ; post free, with testimonials, Is.—DtPor, 35, Castle Arcade, Cardiff.

Ui ALKBR'S SPBdIFIC FOR PILBS.—A Certain. safe and speedy remedy. Beneficial to the general health. %Ourea constipation. Invaluable to ladies. In boxes, Is. lid., and 2s. 9d., of most chemists; by post 1.5.3 d. and 2s. lid I —J. .WALICEII, Manchester House, St. Augustine's-road, tiontbsea.

F'"ND DRAD.—Thousands have teen killed with Sanford's Poison. Hundred, of farmers that have used It say,it is tl e test poieon known as they find a lot of rata dead by using it, Post tree is. 2d., 2a., 35 box, of filaxFoata auctSoN, Sandy, Beds. Send stamp and try It. Sold by elands. s.

1 00K I LOOK I I LOOK! I I Greatest t argatn on earth • 14 20,000 waterproof hoods and capes ; purchased from the Govecnment ; cost 7e. 6d. each : I will send a hood and cape for 24 stamps, post free. Quite new, but put out of service, from Hr. Joax (lassos% Government Contractor, Rye, Sussex

lACT! LACE i LACE WANTED, everyone to send for II No. 200 Parcel, containing 1 Beautiful Lace Aproa • 1 Lace Handkerchief ; 1 Silk Pall ; 6 yards Goods Lace, 1 Buckle. 12 Pictures. all carria e paid for is. 6d., worth 28. 6d. —W. COTTON, Lace Manufacturer, Weekday Cross, Notting ham. Est. 50 years. Price lists free.

AWARDED FIRST PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide . Jubilee Exhibition, 1887, and Sydney Centenary Exhibition, 1888. —TO PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. Cheapest House in London for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings —all the newest designs. Two million feet always in Swak. Veneered and fancy wood mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every descriFtion, oleographsotc. Further reduction In prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipping orders. Full particulars in pattern book and catalogue (85 pages 4to demy revised for 1891) for 3d. stamps.—E. Idoitam., 17 and 18, Great St. Andrew-st., Bloomsbury. London, Telegraphic address "Rabbitry," London. Stock lists and prices of class monthly. free.

TRIO; GRAND MEDICINE A G RIPPIN Is a certain cure for any of the following disorders . MEASLES. SCARLET FEVER, TYPHOID FEVER, SMALLPDX, INFLAMMATION OP THE LUNGS, „ERYSIPELAS, DUD:IRMA, PLEURISY, or other INFLAMMATIONS; BLOOD POISONING, IN- pLUENZA, COLD IN THE BEAD, KOR HEAD- ACHE, BITES OF ANIMALS, INN/MOUS and -DOETADIOUS DISEASES. SOLD BY JOSEPH BIBBY, Grocer, St. jameo's-street, Latchford. Prepared only by T. FORSTER, • EARLBSTOWN, LANCASHIRE.

NOTICE. GREAT REDUCTIONS ARE STILL BEING ALLOWED FOR CASH WITH ORDERS. AT THE TEMPLE OF ARTS FURNITURE ESTABLISHMENT, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON. AND NO REASONABLE OFFER WILL BE REFUSED FOR SOME GOODS. It is a well-known fact that my goods are, andalways have been marked In plain figures, so my customers, will be able to see for them- selves the actual seductions made in the prices. A variety of Bedroom Suites of my own manufacture in Ash, Walnut, Birch. and Mahogany at greatly reduced prices, and for some high class Suites no reasonable offer will be refused. Sideboards, Cabinets, and Clreffoniers in Walnut and Mahogany, some of which will be offered under cost price. All kinds of Furniture, Bedsteads, Bedd- ing, Carpets, Linoleums. ac., &c., at enorm- ous reductions. I do with confidence recommend all who are wanting Furniture to., &c., not to miss this rare opportunity. R. W. MARSH, CABINET MAKER AND UPHOLSTERER. THE TEMPLE OF ARTS. BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON. ESTA BUSHED 1864.

PINDIAN GAME COCK, with crossbred hens, good lavers. produce grand table birds, 3s, for 15 eggs, free.—W&LTER DucxErr, Manor House, Blackford. Weston- super-Mare.

D LACK MINORCA EGGS, Hopkins and Hunters, icoted leyers awl prize strain ; also white leghorn, Ringwood and Bradbury. prize 5 rain, only 2s. 6d. packed. JOSEPH EMMETT, 304, Barle-st., Earlestown. EGGS from pure Langshans, bred from prize and best laying strains, average last year 243 eggs each fowl. Re- duced sittings 45. 6d. ; unfertiles replaced.-oiliss E. BATTEN, Summerhill Cottage, Oewestry, Salop.

I.44OI3S—NOTION.—BIack Hamburgh,, all prize winners, F. _LI J. PALMER, in order to popularize this beautiful and prolific I ying fowl, offers eggs at the red,culous low price 49 6d dz., unfertlle replaced.—Braborrne Lees, near Ash- ford. Kent.

rifacis for HATCHING from my noted winter layers ; JJ Langshan-Minorca,., Plymouth Rocks, White Leg- horns ; splendid large eggs, ss. per dozen. Ca h with order. Linter-We replaced ;if return carriage paid.—Miss WRIGHT, Broomedge, Lymm, Warrington

HIGHLY-BRED Silver Spangled HAMBURGIIS & eggs guaranteed from Ist prize winners, Northampton. Derby. Rugby. Penistone. Peake Forest, Heanor, Lotter- worth, &c.. eggs from above pens produced winners, Royal, tx., last year, 6s. dozen, W. Gtossog,Amberdate.

EGGS FOR SITTING.- Black Minorca Buttc•rfield best strain. Whi e 'Leghorn Butte,fi. Ids strain, Dark Brahma Cook's best strain, Silver Grey Dorking Berry's strain all at 4s First Cross 2s. 6d. per sitting. Carriage paid, unfertile replacel.—FETEß FAULKNER, Granville Cot- tage, Walkden, near Bolton.

SITTING OF HIGH CLASS FGGS.—Rack Minorca Webs er's and Abbot's champion and challenge cup combined gra us, SiiVP, grey dorking. Cres well's strain ; black red game', Ceptain Heaton's strain; Alyskoury ducks. Digby's strain. No private pens. Guarantee all the same, I hatch from Prolific layers and handsome specimens, none better. Reduce from ss. to 31. 6d. sitting. Two sittings 6e. —B. CHURCH. Roche. Cornwall.

E- - - GGS grand BLACK MINOR7AS, ss. 6d, dozen, most " prolific layers and from (Challenge Cup and Ist prize strains). EGGS from GOLDEN WYANDOTTFS. se. 6d. dozen, grand winter layers (prize stral,i). EGGS grand ROSECOMB black ORPINGTONS, 65. 6d. dozen, A 1 layers& large dark eggs, all GUAHANTABD FERTILE, carefully packed, post paid. KANE, Old Wahington, Chelford.

EOGS FOR SITTING.—SingIe and Rose coml,ed Orping- ton's golden and silver Wyando' ts. light Brahma., 45.; dark Brahroas. Houdans. brown and white Leghorns, Lang. sham, Plymouth Rocks, Blue Andalusians, Minoro•s golden pencilled Homburgs, 3s. 6d.; No. 2 pen Minore.as, black rose combed Bantams, white rose con.bed Bantams, Duck eggs, 2s 6d. per sitting of 13 eggs. Sitting mixed to suit Customers, unfertile eggs rei laced if returned carriage paid. The above pens have been mated with birds from some of the best yards in England to produce good !ayers. Inspection invited. No eggs sold On Sonthys.-70HN EDMONDSON, Poultry-yard, Crank. near St. Helens, Lancashire.

FOWL CORN, LIGHT WHEAT, DARI, BUCK WHEAT, and GALATZ CORN. CARTER 4St SON, CORN DEALERS. WARRINGTON.

MALB and FEMALE NURSES INSTITUTION, 70, Hope-it., Liverpool. stab. 1878.—For reliable ttendants. Mental, Medical. and Monthly Nurses, Massage, a ,plv or telegraph, " Nurses." Liverpool. 1P lephone, 51.

fIYCLES I CYCLES I COVENTRY CROS CYCLES of N.../ Coventry are the best. all new patterns for 1893. Safeties geared ordinaries and tryaicles. The best agency for this season. Agents wanted in all towns where not represented. - Apply Manche,ter Depot, WARMAN and HAZLEWOOD, LTD., 134, Deensgate, Manchester

CYCLES, CYCLES, 500HIGHCLASS MACHINES. GREAT CLEARANCE SALE of Jennings and Co.'s. Stock Purchased by the S 5 don pneumatic Tire Company Limited to effect immediate clearance, &II to be sold under Makers wholesale prices, exceptional chance to get a High Class Machine, Beeston Humber, Singers, Rovers, Referee. Wenham, Stars, Raglans, King of Schorches. SEDDONS PNEUMATIC TYRE CO., LIMITED, 11, St. Mary's Gate, and 44, Deansgate, Manchester. (late Jennings.)

MASON'S CYCLE CO.. LTD. 71, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. THE BEST MACHINES, WITH PNEUMATIC TYRES, FROM £ll Us. EACH. REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. A. MASON, MANAGER. NOTE NEW ADDRESS.

SLADES GOOD VALUE CYCLES. BALL BEARINGS to all r arts including head and pedals, finest quality, steel tube, di :mond frame, beautifully enamelled and lined. A written guarantee with every machine. PRICE{ With latest pattern Pneumatic Tyres £l2 10s. With best quality cushion Tyres £9 ss. Made in Coventry, the home of geninue Cycles. Only address : SLADES. 73, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

HUMBER'S NEW SHOWROOMS. The world-famous Humber's Nouse in Liverpool is now 73, Bold-street. Their Specialty for 1893 is a marvel of lightness and strength. fitted with the latest pattern tyres at £l2 IFs. cash. To all purchasers of this Machine the Return Railway Fare from Warrington mad neighho mhood allowed. 73. BOLD-STREBT, 73. LIVERPOOL.

THE OLD-ESTABLISHED BASSI:VETTE WAREHOUSE. Beware of spurious imitations. The best and cheapest Carriages in the town or district. (No connection with any other firm of the same name.) W. ASHTON, 74, Sankey-et., Warrington, manu- facturer of Bath Chairs, Bassinettes, Rustic Car- riages, &c., of the best materials and workmanship, on the premises, under personal supervision. Well-finished Bassinettes from 255., warranted to run straight. Mail Carts, Tricycle Horses, Doll Carriages, to Agent for Sewing Machines, Wringing and Washing Mac- hines. WORKS :--BRAMANT-STREET.

BELSIZE, IRIVELL'S, WIIITWORTIES, TRENTS, REFEREES, HUMBER and SYMYER, CRYPTO'S, COVENTRY CROSS, GROSVENORS, STARS, and maker of the celebrated IfARDIE CYCLES. The largest Stock in the North to select from. Every machine warranted for 12 months. Cycles made and repaired on the premises. Solid- tyred Safeties conyerte6l into cushl, ns from 30s. The trade supplied and agents appointed. CALL and SEE If ARDIE'S HUMBER-PATTERNDIA- MOND FRAIIII 1893 (Dunlop or other Pneumatic Tyres) weight from 301b5., for £lO 10s. Warranted f rl2 months. Cycles supplied on the easy payment system. HARDIE, Cycle Factor, 80, Renshaw-st.. Liver- pool, and 288 and 29J. Regent-road, Salford.

THE RUDGE LEADS ALL kjYCLES. IT IS THE CYCLE FOR LIGHTNESS, STRENGOIL GRACEFULNESS, AND MECHANICAL BEAUTY, Fully ezuipred it is the we ther defying mount of the tourist ; stripped. the lightning cycle of the road races. Can be had on the easy payment system, orgood terms for cash. Send for Price Listfree, and give your order at once to save delay, to the largest and oldest cycle firm in the world. RUDGE CYCLE CO., LTD. 101, BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

CYCLES CYCLES I! IF YOU WANT THE FASTEST MACHINES IN THE WORLD AND THE BIGGEST DISCOUNTi, OR ANYTHING IN THE CYCLE LINE, C.ll LL OK THE BURTON CYCLE COMPANY, KNUTSFORD ROAD, WARRINGTON. A SPECIAL LEADING PNEUMATIC TYRBD SAFETY: £ll 108. This Is a High-Class Machine, none of your WDlverharnpton rubbish.

CYCLISTS. DON'T BUY RUBBISH with fancy names, and made of common metal or gas-piping They are only made to look at, not to ride. Many have found this true, to their sorrow, and a lighter pocket during the last season. Buy a Reliable Mount from the Manufacturer, made of the Best Weldless Steel, Guaranteed, you then SAVE AGENTS PROFIT And obtain the Extra Discount yourself. Send for List or Call and Inspect our Stock. Return Fare allowed to Liverpool to Purchasers. Our Machines cannot be surpassed for Originality Excellence and Trus.worthiness, and can be had on our new GRADUAL PAYMENT SYSTEM. GEAND VALUE. DUNLOP PNEUMATIC DIAMOND FRAME SAFETY 211 li. 0.. QUADRANT CYCLE DEPOT, 69, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

J. W. TEMPERLEY, MUSIC SELLER, 31, LOWLAND'S ROAD. RUNCORN. PIANOS, ORGANS, VIOLINS, Ilze. Tuning and Repairs. All kinds of Fittings in Stock. Arrangements made for First-Class Orchestral Band and Pianists. PIANOS on HIRE and on HIRE-PURCHASE.

GREAT CLEARANCE SALE of 200 PIANOS and 5' ORGANS at 60 per cent. BELOW COST at J. PARRY'S 18 to 24 DOWNING-ST., MANCHESTER. CABINET PIANO, In mahogany case, six octaves £l 2 Walnut Upright GRAND PIANO, by Collard 2 2 Rosewood Upright GRAND PIANO, by Collard Mahogany Upright GRAND PIANO, by Kirkman 5 0 Rosewood SEMI-GRAND PIANO, by Kirkman 8 10 Black and Gold COTTAGE PIANO, by Dallnaan 8 15 Rosewood COTTAGE PIANO, by Stodard 9 0 Overstrung PIANO, full trichord, extended ends and I under dampers j Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut COTTAGE PIANO, by Stodard Full Compass Iron Frame Rosewood. hy Airkman l6gs. run compass Iron Trams Black and Gold, by Brinamead Full Compass Iron Frame Rosowood, by Broadwoed Full Compass Iron Frame Rosewood, by Collard and Co i lard Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut, by J. and J Hopkinson Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut, oyerstrung, by Erard 24gs. • Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut, overstrung, by Neumryer Full Compass Iron Frame NWalnut, by Bord, of Paris Large Chancel Organ, 0 sets, 18 stops,2 swells, cost 50gs 16gs, Plano and Organ buyers should not miss this rare opportunity.

ERARD. lakers to the Queen, 1-B—, Great Marlborough-st.,Regent-st. pADEREWSKI says: " Play only on an Erard wherever obtainable.

ERARD. The remainder of the Eng- lish Models at Great Reductions. FADEREWSKI says: "Play only on an Erard wherever obtainable. S. and P. ERARD. MAKERS to the QUEEN and ROYAL FAMILY. 18, GREAT MARLLOROUGH-ST.. REGENT-ST.. W.

gPales bp Mutton. Telephone: 1) No. 55. I.IOBERt LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT. AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers' Aucrf ex Rooms—No. 1 Bank street} Warrington. AGENT TO—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Assochtion Limited, Es- tablished 1878. National Boiler Insurance Company, Limlted. Established 1864.

HALEWOOD BiiEWERY, NEAR LIVERPOOL (Four minutes' walk from Halewood Stalion, Cheshire Lines )lailway.) Sale of Valuable MACHINERY and PLANT, &a. Ai R. T. SUTTON has been favoured with inatruc- ..ax tions to SELL BY AUCTION, on Tuesday, April 18th, 1893, the whole of the MACHINERY and PLANT connected with the above-named Hi ewery. Th. Sale to commence at Two o'clock prompt. On view on the morning of sale from 10 o'clock a.m. Catalogues can be obtained a few days prior to the sale on application to the Auctioneer, at his offices, Legh-street. War- rington.

BELLE MONTH. OVERTON HILLS. FRODSHAM CHESHIRE. FREEHOLD FULLY-LICENSED P2O-NIC AND PLEASURE GROUNDS. THE FRODSHAM FARMERS AUCTION COMPANY, LIMITED, Wilt SELL BY Public Anortorf, on TUESDAY, the 2nct DAY Of Miv.lB93.at the BEARS PAW HOTEL FiconsHeit,Cheshire at 6 o'clock in the Evening prompt subject to the Common Form Conditions of the Incor, orated Law Society of Liverpool and to such Special Conditions as will be then and there read, the following valuable property namely , A LL THAT VALUABLE FREEHOLD FULLY LICENSED PICNIC and PLEASURE GROUNDS situate on the Overton Hills, in the Parish of Frodsham in the County ot Chester, known by the name of " Belle Monte" Picnic Grounds, containing in the whole about six acres of Hill and cultivated land, Orchards and Plea ure Grounds or thereabouts more or less, together with the mes- suageor dwelling-hone., brick built buildings, tea, refresh- ment, and dancing rooms and other conveniences erected and standing thereon. There is a Bowling Green, dancing green and other attrac- tions to Pleasure Seekers and Picnic parties. The property is si nate in one of the most picturesque and beautitul parts of Cheshire and although comm nding magnificent views over Cheshire. Lancashire and Derbyshire, ills sheltered by a large beltpf Pines. The walks on the Hills adjoining the property are unique In their character, comprising scenery over all kinds of Country. The Pic-nic Grounds have been for upwards of 20 years carried on successfully by the late Ijr, James Rigby. The grounds are within easy distance frail Liverpool, Chester, Warring on, Manchester, Runcorn, Widnes, and the adjoining towns bo:h by rail and road. Frodsham Station is only seven minutes' walk from the grounds. The property offers a stolen lid investment for an experienced caterer, as it is the only place of the sort on the Mills. Further particulars and a plan can be obtained from the Secretary to the Auction Company, or from Messrs. LINAKER AND LINAKER, Solicitors, 58, High-at., Runcorn,

itiOntp• 215 to £1,000; interest £6 16e. per £lOl. Prospectus bee. Sonth Lancashire Company, 27, Brasennose-st, Manchester.

275000 At from 4 per. cent., Trust and other Moneys, to be advanced on Mortgage in sums to suit borrowers, in any part of the country.—J. W. HEADER. 5. Cook-street. Liverpool.

MONEY. 21 to £5OO advanced on day of application, to all respect- ]. able borrowers in town or Country. on note of hand.— Apply personally, or by letter, 65, Oreenway-,oad, Runcorn. Jima' DE RORTE.

Lt?y TO £l,OOO on your own security, strictly private, householders and others, male or female can obtain loans, and repay same by easy instilments, without requir- ing sureties or bonds. Oash advanced promptly, distance no object. write for prospectus to T. WiLLfamsoa, 56, Winwick- Bt.. Warrington.

A LADY RAVING CABI-1 at her dispos I, Is open to make 471- Temporary Ca h Advances of t 3 end upwards, in con- fidence, to respectable housel olden, who with to avoid the usual unpleaeantm es and routine pf a loan aloe; no sureties are asked for, and habitual borrowers need not apply Apply personally, or by letter, Mrs. Monzwoon, 94, Widnes- rued, W.dnes.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANCED. QTRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from ElO upwards on 1..,7 BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of E 70,000 now being lent annually. For prospectus and terms, apply tb GEORGE PAY.NE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy-at., Manchester. ESTABLISHED 1870.

, ONEY l MONEY I MONEY I No bondsmen required 11.1 Money advanced on day of application train £3 to £5OO to householders, shopkeepers, Clerks, farmers, and others. Interest low, repayments easy. No genuine application re- fused. Distance no object. Apply personally (preferred) or by letter to IMPE liIAL LOAN, 60, NEW CROSS-STREET, ST. HELENS, (Private House) AND AT 7, LACEY-STREET. WIDNES (Private House.)

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. mit. JOHN B. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES FRIVATIELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respeo able 1-It titleholders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquily, on your simple written pmmise to pay back.—Apply Pt VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (Mot of the Central Station), WiDNES, and In WARRINGMN at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, any Evening from St-) 7. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention.

MONEY, MONEY, MONEY. LOANS £5 TO £OOO. May be had on day of application. If it is inconvenient to call, all letters will have our prompt attention. If you want to Start In Business. If you want to Furnish your House. If you want to Pay your Debts. If you want to Increase your Stock. If you want to Pay your Rent. Repayments to suit Borrowers. Strictest privacy guaranteed. No Bills of Sale. No Sureties. No Fines. No Loan Office routine.—Apply to R. N. WEBBER, 8, DURNING ROAD, off Wavertree Road, EDGEHILL, LIVERPOOL. Near LONDON & NORTII-WESTERN RAILWAY STATION.

.AIONEY LAETNATrEbiyv GENTLEMAN IaioPuRRIsyANTOTEICE UPON NOTE OP HAND ALONE, Without Bank or Loan Office Routine, From 810 to £5,0 0. To LADIES, and GENTLEMEN, HOUSEHOLDERS, and to PERSONS in receipt of a regular income or sala. y. without sureties. UPON NOTE OF HAND ALONE, and to assist persons into business ; also upon the security of Reversions, Life Annuities, Life Interests, Life Policies, plant, stock, shares, in town or country. without rewloval, also on deeds and life policies at 5 percent. from one to 15years. No punim Inquiries whatever, only a few hours' notice required to carry our all advances.—Apply personally or write to the actual lender. W, STEWART, Esq. 2, Cooper-strept, Manchester. ALL COMMUNICATIONS STRICTLY PRIVATE, and CONFIDENTIAL. Principal can remain at interest. No sectu ities required. No genuine application refused. Having a large surplus capital at command, all advances are granted cheaper than any other establist.ment in Lan- cashire. N.H—STRICT SECRECY OBSERVED.

1 LICENSED FOR THE SALE OF METHYLATED SPIRITS AND BENZOLINE. AGENT for SEQUAII'S REMEDIES. THE EXORS. OF THE LATE ISAAC SPEAKMAN CHEMIST BY EXAMINATION. BRIDGE-ST., PHARMACY 27. BRIDGE-ST., RUNCORN. PATENT -MEDICINES (with a few exceptions) AT RE- DUCED PRICES, Viz. 2s 9d tor 2s 3d, 2s 6d for 2s 15, Is lid for 100. 65. Nelson's Gelatine 3 for lid, is. Neave's food 8d per tin, Ste., Ac. SPRATT'S DOG BISCUITS 185 6d per 112Iba or 121bs for 2s 3d. Calabar Dog Biscuit, 12s 61 per cwt. CHEAPEST HOUSE POLL HOUSEHOLD SOAPS. Pears' soap 3 for 105; Hazlehurses "Sun," 3 tablets for Sid ; Sunlight, 3 in box 70; Broekes Monkey Soap, 31d per lb. Homcepathic Medicines 65 bottle, 55; Vichy Waters, 36a per case, 50.—Rest and Cheapest House for White Lead, Tur- pentine, Varnish, Oil, Brushes, Ac. Send for prices. Whole- sale Dealer in Petroleum Oil, Hudson's Dry Soap, &a. Aspinall's Enamel Paint. Cooper's Sheep Dip, 12s per doz

- - - IRON FENCING, SHEEP and CATTLE HURDLES. .1 Don't be mislead by special advertised offers, but before buying write for our Illustrated Catalogue, free on appl tion. BAYLISS .10/4EB BaYmes, Iron Fencing manufl turers, Wolverhampton. London Office and Showrooms, 13 & 141, Cannon Street. London.

WANTED, BUYERS OF MACHINERY Engiaeeri Tools, Boilers, Iron and Steel Joists, Girders, Sce.,l9 inspect Stock at Albion Ironworks, Saville-street, Sheffielo• or send for Machinery and Girder List, addressed Mala" 1"

THE LIVERPOOL ANIMAL SLAUGHTERING AND PATENT MANURE COMPANY. LIMITED, SUPPLY =F. BEST MANURES AN THE MARKET Math from Bloed. Bones, etc., TO SUIT ALL CROPS. Price list and terms post free on application. P.s.—The best price given for dead and worn-out and removed on the shortest notice. Telephone, 1407. W. C. HODGKINSON. 3, Collingwood-street, Managing Dire4Or. Liverpool.

IMPORTANT TO FARMERS 1 THE MANCHESTER CORPORAT10 0 kJONCENTRATED MANURE, vo MADE FROM BLOOD, BONES, FISH, AND nnt- ANIMAL MATT 1..11, ETC., From the city slaughter-houses, markets, etc Contains from al to 4 per cent. AMMONIA ang 10 per cent. BONE PHOSPHATES. Analysis Guaranteed. c ,3 PER TON. Delivered at the nearest Railway carriage paid, in 4-ton lots, within 15e Supply strictly limited. Vor Samples, Testimonials, 36" apply to H. WHILEY, SUPERINTENDENT, CLEANSING DEPARTMENT, TOWN HALT. MANCHE TEE; OR TO ntllol MR. BOLD ALDRED, STAMFORD-ROAD, ALTRIN,--

COLLIER'S BREAD Is prepared from CAREFULLY SELIkCTED FLOUR. Produced from the FIINEST CALIFORNIAN WXXST Carefully made by Experienced Bakers. IS ABSOLUTELY PURE, " t. And deli.ered daily to all parts of Runcorn and Di 6-10 Orders :0 be left at 6, Church-at. The Lest Trade in Town. Over 2,400 Loaves sold °Very week. WALTER COLLIER, 6, CIIURCII-STREET. RUNCORN.

Th. GREATEST LUXURY FOR THE TEA-TABLE. LIPTON'S. DELICIOUS CAKES CHEAPER THAN BREAD AND BUTTER!!! Owing to the extraordinary low prices of Flour, Fruit, Butter, and Eggs, LIPTON'S FAmors SULTANA, CURRANT, ROYAL, GINGER, SEED. MADEIRA, GENOA, AND FIG CAKES, Now reduced to Ali PER 4/2g. POUND. SOLD ELSEWHERE AT ABOUT DOUBLE THE MONEY. They weigh from one pound upwards. SHORTBREAD-THE FINEST MADE ONLY SD. PER POUND. SPONGE CAKES-A RARE DELICACY 4112 D. AND 9120. EACH. DELICIOUS SHORTBREAD AND SPONGE CAKE FINGERS—ReaI Toothsome Titbits. ONLY 5. PER BOX. No Tea Table complete without Lipton's Cakes. All manufactured in his own bakeries. LIPTON, THE LARGEST TEA. COFFEE, AND PROVISION DEALER IN THE WORLD. LOCAL BRANCHES : ItvItnII,.INOTON Corner of Bridge-st , and Friar's Gate. STER: 26, Oldham-st., and Stretford-rd.. (Corner of Cambridge-St.) OLDRA.u.',4DFR-LYNE : 175, Stamford-at. 47, Mumps. BRANCHES ALL OVER THE KINGDOM. Purchasers at Lipton's are supplied First Hand. NU MIDDLEMEN'S PROFITS TO PAY.

SPECIAL OPFER. 12,000 A. LUSK AND CO.'S is. TINS AT Md. PER TIN. EXTRA QUALITY APRICOTS, 14,500 SPECIAL QUALITY 9d. TINS STEAK SALMON AT 7d. PER TIN. HENRY MILLING & CO, LTD. WARRINGTON.

CYCLES! CYCLES!! CYCLES!!! If you want a Good Reliable Machine, buy the best make at the Lowest Price. ' Excelsior," New Rapid,' 'Premier,' 'Sunbeam,' Lion,' are ilso best. SOLE AGENT— JOSEPH S. GARLAND, SHOWROOMS, }. IRONMONGER, WORKS, BRIDGE-STREET. WARRINGTON. WARE OUSES, AND EARLESTOWN. LOWEST CA.SH PRICES OR EASY PAYMENTS. SPECIAL HUMBER PATTERN DUNLOP. £lO rs. RAILWAY FARE ALLOWED TO PURCHASERS.

CHESHIRE VAIEESE. PRIME OLD CHESHIRE CHEESE. FINEST GORGONZOLA CHEESE. FINE CANADIAN CHEESE. Cboice quality at very reasonable micas. rp .1 f kJRAMPTON CHEESE FACTOR, 10, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

How Lost! How Regained! Invaluable Remarks for Young and Middle- Aged Men. , THE:4 lENCF or, ituF , KNOW THYSELF. . Or SELF-PRESERVATION. A little work In brief on NERVOUS and PHYSICAL DEPT; ITY, ERRORS of YOUTH, EXHAUSTED VITALITY, PREMATURE DE- CLINE, and all ACQUIRED DISEASES, and WEAK- NESSES OF MAN, their CAUSE and CURE. FIVE MINUTES spent in the perusal of this little book will teach the reader more than five days spent in any book written on this subjlet, because the books written on this subject are so full of mystery, what with Latin phrases and fancy words, that it is iinuoceibie for anyone to make any sense of them, eNcepting those who have had really a first- class education; and they are hut little understood by any excepting the persons who wrote them. This little work will be found brief, precise ,tt void of unneceqsnry reading,and will meet fully with the requirements of the ti rr 4.v inasmuch asit is extracted , _ from the llargils • book writ- A, . ft DisE ten by me ••• ALL SHOULD READ IT. If there is RO cause for treatment it should prove a safeguard to the inexperienced and instructive to the WISE; consequently IT CONCERNS YOU ;roilulnb: der COVER and SEALED, for Three Penny Stamps. Address—GOULD'S LABORATORY, Bradford, Yorkshire. ADVICE FREE ZIT LETTER. ADVT. COPYRIGRT.

WO CURE AN ACHING BACK. Here you have a remedy that fjhas made mil- lions of ladies bless the maker of ALLOOOK'S IP ("EMU SI PLASTERS. They have a wonderful soothing effect, strengthening the parts where applied," giving ease and comfort at once. Only be sure and get ALTACOCK'S.

"4 t4,-": s, . , , .4 ~„,4,„---.. ,(1:1,„Iii ~,soitt, li Ar • Igtil If i \ ~s,'__,p,---,->e.,_e,_ ,in \ ~ ~,,.--',7:: ~ , 1 0 \ 1 , \, 11 I' i'

ITEA.TING'6 POWDER." This powder, so celebrated. is ~erfectly unrivalled In destroying DUGS, FLBAS, BFITITLE-i. and all Insects (whilst perfectly hirmless to all animal life). All woollens and furs should be well sprinkled with the Powder before placing away. It is invaluable to take to the Seaside. To avoid disappointment insist upon having " Keating's Powder." No Wher Powder is effe3tual Sold on yin tins, 6d , is., and 2s. 6d. Be ware of imitations. Don't tes deceived.

WORMS IN CHILDREN, WORM 3 IN CHILDREN, are easily, surely. and wit', perfect safety got rid of by using HEATING'S WOH.M. TABLETS. Nearly all children suttee from Worms. If sußpecte i. do not wait; yoa can with ease cnre the child (h is no effect except on worms). Sold by all Chemists, in Tins Is. I.)d ea ,h.

FRANCIS MORTON AND COMVANY LIMITED, HAMILTON IRON WORKS, GARSTON, near Liverpool. Invite Inquiries and Reference to their NEW CATALOGUE.

PRESER - iiii OTHES. \Vitali 1 ,1 LI \ C 1) ' • 11= t•Ilk. 1 A ---.,...„ HANDSOME CL. 40KS & WATCHES GNUS TO BE GUN DURING 1893 TO USERS OF VENUS SOAP. Anyone desirous of possessing a "Venus" Clock or Watch 0 (w wanted to keep correct tone) can obtain one free of cost by sending to Messrs. Joseph Watson and Sons, Whitehall Soap Works, Leeds, their full name and .., ,)„..,_,.; "7--\ address and VENUS SOAP WRAPPERS, as follows: ---) - • , ----, --, • , " ---...,k For 120 Wrappers, Timepiece No. 1, 4-in. Dial, will be sent. ~:: ) !:-.li For 200 Wrappers, Timepiece No. 2, 6-in. Dial, will be sent. .:,-", 'N,) t'-'li 'ff, rV,;..",-',/..;::A., For 350 Wrap ors, Timepiece No. 9, 9-in. Dial, will be sent. - -, •:'::,,e,:.-,,, ..* 15,,,1:j#, For 400 Wrappers, a Centlemen's I Handsome t Watch will be sent. ' -_-_,-' For 800 Wrappers, a Lady's.. 1 KeylesS I Watch will be sent. *****a* * * * a * -. THE STATU7., "VENUS OE MILO" 171 THE CALL FRIES Of THE LOUVRE, PANS. For 25 Wrappers, a picture of this beautiful Statute will be sent to any address. Size 17i-In. by 14-in., mounied. For 60 Wrappers, a similar picture, handsomely framed, will be sent. ------...-...----...........

Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, Loudon. TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed on DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, on the minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lOO. STOCXS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purchased and sold SAVINGS DEPARTMENT. For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small sums on deposit, and allows Interest monthly on each completed RI. BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY How TO PURCHASE A HOUSE POE TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD AND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER WORTH. The BIREBECK ALMANACR, with full particulars, post free FRANCIS RAVENSCROFT, Manager.

MANUFACTURERS OF , DECORATIVE AND ART VITRNITURE. . ..- ' - • ' ----------- i r-g--: ' a ArirolTiZgliMil 3 ' CABINET MAKERS biIPHOLSTERF_RI 111111411910 N 111111PAVItil)51fifil'"(16.14"0'11' 4 Ifilillig/ ~...\ I// •.. - , _a_.. ~ PO , BY PATENT MACHINERY. -

JUNO CYCLES. VERY S EST, ILLUSTRATED LISTS POST FREE. Jusro 0 0., Frost EASY TH E Dr 'or and improved , TERMS - :logo jU N 0 ,Lsivettfeosadipurzng Bdop - , --- ,:- 1V(.40f v T z . ' Ssaieettyy. ajnudffo Yfooludtlifig': passes 28it: 1 1 7-4-9.1. ion, and Solid TY= • e.,,Atiu., POST '..1441. L. CASH DI S 10% & CAHRIAr.,L PAID -ii Immense variety. 'Repairs. ' it.timates Free. METROPOLITAN MACHINISTS CO., LTD. 75 and 76, Bishopegate Without, London, B.C. N.B.—Ertry JUNO guaranteed. A

THE LADIES' TRUE FRIEND! A BOON TO WOMAN-KIND II LADIES—read this, and you will obtain particulars of the most MIRACULOUS MEDICINE for all Irregularities and Obstructions ever introduced to the Public. You may have tried Pills, Powders, useless recipes and other advertised so-called remedies, and all ill vain. THOUSANDS OF Females have been relieved, Health restored, and DOCTORS' BILLS SAVED by this Medicine, which is the only real and RELIABLE REMEDY or the Age. Perfectly harmless and WONDERFULLY EF- FECTUAL, Stamped addressed envelope for Price List and Copies of Testimonials, which are guaranteed genuine, under a Penalty of £l,OOO open to inspec- tion and investigation. . This Remedy has been TRIED AND PROVED BY THOUSANDS. THE RICHEST REWARD OF MERIT IS CONTINUED POPULARITY. W. E. DASMAIL, Walthamstow. (ear. (Entered at Stationers Hall).

t=i . r Is thB --"`".`, r„,„.,. genuine preparation ever manufactured for Calf Rearing. ANALYST'S REPORT. Soei . . e,sY of Chernical Industry F 28th. 1887. Feb.(Manchester Section). Messi.; ,aye chemically and microseouicallY exami ned It tA, • :. Crosby aud Sons' " Cremoid " Calf Meal. I find builee°u_ntliell 91burnininbus substances which are necessary to .In tissues of the animal system. The Meal also wider, a eonsiderable amount of oil, with carbo.hydrate, aaii hin'end to the production of fat. Nearly one-h di of the i "le of th4cle FP of phosphate of lime (this, I need not say, s iciet, of e.Chief constituents of bones.) From the examine- 144cui t'lll9 Meal, I eonsider it an admirable food for the UN bulli of calves. as toe Meal contains all the elements for '4'43 uP of the flesh and bones of the animal body. (Signed.) J CARTER BELL, A.R.5.141., F.I.C. County Analyst. PRICE 1.8 CIS. PER 4..../WT. A. 1 LUs 0-CWT LOTS, ..1. S. 6D. Carriage paid to any Ststion. CROSBY AND SONS, CORN MILL, RUNCORN. Wfiefirs,,...- -'6uZ. PATENT GALVANISED u, STEEL WIRE MATTRESSES' . lth Frenzh and Persian Bedsteads complete. 4 To be seen carrying to.lC3s—ltre"ll ''* *MOM 0 ' ONE TON. PChallenger e m att rr.e-7. niAlialleiMiW ' i ti? : 410111 otothWsetaernWdithis Test! • ..,...,,,,,z, ,-4, But is it ever re- ppm-0 ). _. 0,4,,, • " ''' 4. '`'.7.- ; ' quired of a Mattress ,i.... that it should carry . '-eQ--' one ton' Certainly ---.... rts,, Mattresses h .246rr tn' ' Yl4 rteco' M. Pladnie'garainostsibLhnne i t usethhe aro:. Hitherto Wiretheyth e r"" that -•'5,.,, ' true. hivedeagftivereatht s severeihne'whictehawt to as Years .w. ours will not stretch. If they do within ta e will replace with new ones. To be had from 'IIE LOisir2 SUTTON, Sale Rooms, Legh Street. °RD WIRE Co. Limited WARRINGTON.

W. GEE TAYLOR'S ECZEMA CURE At once stops irritation, and cures all SKIN DISEASES. Contains NO POISON. Does not Stain. Price is. lid. and 2s. 9d., or Postal Order is. 3d. & 38, from Sole Proprietor. Agents wanted. W. GEE TAYLOR, Chemist, Hungerford, Berks

V/ HARRISON SWIFT GOLD MEDAL , : TT ER - KNlTSStockings, Clothing in Wool, Silk, or Cotton. • Lists NI. per Poet. TRIUMPHANT AWARD at • PARIS. The only WINNER In the WORLD of I Gold Iledale. Also Makers of the SUN t'.earuless Stocking Itlbber, Branch oak% 77. OXFORD PT., LONDON —TRH Hart alsoN KNITTING MACHINA GO. Works, 48, urrrut BROOK ST., KANO:LEST/CR.

rz [4, " , AND TO PROVE IT 4 4 f ivill GIVE A BOTTLE of my Remedy f,r Nothing, so J.. that Sufferers may .have an opportunity of testing the truth of what I fearleSsly state." Because others have failed to cure you is no reason why you should continue to suffer. Send at once for my TREATISE and a FREE BOTTLE of medicine. It costs you nothing for a trial, and IT WILL CURE: Address: rar. 61. ROOT, 28, Endsleigh Gardens,.Enston Road, LONDON, N.W

rAk -- aM \ ' I • 1/8, 2/ ------- -- 00" ---..„1A , \ ~k, \ & 2/4 Flavour. _-- : - - ee,„o: ",-feVN \ , --- • - ~, ' -,' .0 \,, \ `,,,. per lb. IC'xinA--‘‘ \'\ - le ' __. , • r\ e, ---706, so ", \ .' -%, ,es' ~ ./r -_-„„:,...k•ik ii, %4 ~... - # -e--, ‘, \ \/,....-- \v , • i0,_,,v7.--- ;- ~- .;-_,- A Rest for the tired, in each \' \ . /-,-; .7 *.- A Joy for the Strong. district Di TINS AIN PACKETS % -----'-> 7- EVERYBODY CAN GET IT FROM:— A. E. A. SMITH— BOWDON...HOUSEHOLD STORES SUTTON OAK BLAIR AND C. Buttermarket-street (corner of • CO., Oxford-Rd. ST. HELENS M. BOHAN. Academy-street) ; 41, Winwick-st.; CROFT ...JAMES UNSWORTH, Jim. TILSTON J. WILLETT. and 57,Bewsey-st..WARRINGTON ; EARLESTOWN T. MOLYNEUX. TATTENHALL G. MORGAN 1 31, Mersey-road, WIDNES; AND GARSTON A. E. A. SMITH. TRANMERE...M. A. BURGF-SS & 36, Market-st., EARLESTOWN. MIDDLEWICH ...... W. RIMSEY. CO., 28, Church-Rd. ACTON BRIDGE ...A. C. MOULTON MARPLE W. BRADBURY. WIDNES R. WEBSTER BErTESFIELD, Near Whitchurch ROCK FERRY...W. HOPKINSON, WIGAN H. LITHERLAND. J. L. HUXLEY. 96, 98, Bedford-Rd. LIVERPOOL ... GENERAL SUPPLY ASSOCIATION, 17, COLQUITT-STREET. - List of Local Agents now completing, and will be published here regularly. Applications for the few remaining vacancies to be addressed to the Proprietors of " VENOYA " TEA, 19 and 20, Camomile-street, London, E.O Only one Agent, who must be a leading Grocer, will be appointed for each neighbourhood.

trebruan SOOTHING POWDERS FOR CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH IN USE OVER FIFTY YEARS

JOHN STEEDMAN, CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY." is engraved on ttie.Governinent Stamp affixed to each packet.

HOU_ *WAY'S PILLS & OINTMENT Are acknowledged by all to be The Best Medicines for Family Use.

MANUFACTURED ONLY AT 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON. And Sold by all Medicine. Vendors throughout the World. Advice Gratis, at the above address, daily, between the hours of 11 and 4, or by lettei.

A 1000 FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, wan a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious com- partments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Obse,ver. rti 4124%, , FREE FROM MERCURg two', k-pfk)-' -eTa '4lt, ANTI :11;11.-. I LI fr) OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. •s• 4 a 111 I FOR BILE. LIVER, AOIDITv INDIGESTION &c.

PURE IRISH LINEN. IRISH LINEN IRISH CAMBRIC POCKET HANDKERCHIEFS Guaranteed all pure flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched 2/11 per dozen. IRISH LINEN Gents' size, 3/8. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs. beautt- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. IRISH LINEN Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars, 5/6 per dozen made special to pattern, 8/0 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9, 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yards square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 4FI. per yard. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yard SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/8 per dozen. CTESNUINTIEWR AND WEAR. IRISH IRISH LINEN IRISH DRESS LINENS) F IRISH LINEN IRISH TWEED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for strength, Durability, I and Style. Please say if for Ladies' or Gents' wear. IRISH LINEN Patterns Free by Return of Post. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. G. R. HUTTON dft CO.) LARNE) BELFAST. SPRAINS.

I'l - • •-••••• , rgalAtt , , ,u .4.14;11 011 r.• • ,&74Ek.,:(7,2t„,,,-,u .1‘).W.0 , • • • • iif4•'• Pk_ ...v 41, e_ • 2.. • • Af4,„ I=4-- , „,, • • , sy(., • soo-AIaSM. --I • /• "S""LIES 1,„,4 t. ,T4,•WN Ie . • . dr' • 45 /0. " • . „. 'kJ II ' • 64, - - • • hp 7 ' • • I.* • 11 • • ....••• • • , • ..04, • • • •• %v. . • 4.‘e2(7) 11111119150 414" -c,Ths • \.° -‘l. ..(stk

• MEMORIAL CARDS, 1000T5 CIRCULARS, BILLHEADS, MEMORANDINS. 5:41 Oil° Handbills, Window Bills, Posters, and printing executed with neatness and despatch the Borough Press 34, Bridge-street, TLIE MANCHESTER TAILORING & CLOTHING D 6,NT, 8 A 10, HOttSEMARKET-ST , VVARRINaIIuVia G the ARM SHOWINe LARGEST.RANGSS of all ,nr, M IKES of CLOTHS for MOURNING. WlO. WORSTEDS, SERG 11, VIENNAS,LLAMA A n SUITS READY MALIN OR TO MIIASURO„,,„s. at short notice for DIRN, YOUTIIS and BOYS SIP' Well made and
