===== 0002601_18930826_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
Q ALLSOPP 416 SON'S HILD AND BITIBIt Aram kie And D'ABOY I SON'S OBLDBBATBD DUBLIN STOUT In 9, 18, and 38 Gallon Oasts, or Bottles. AGENT . PETER LErGII, ReMPINARILBT STREET. WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_18930826_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
CHICAGO Ex a IBITION•

Call for your TRAVELLING OUTFIT aria save half your passage. SLEATO°A. TRUNKS. 245. 13d. DRESS BASKETS, 235., °WIELAND TRUNKS, 21s. POUTAIANTEAUS, se. 6d.. ste., A.c. BUY FROM TUE melign,

HARROP'S, 122, BUIDEIE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

Obipping Rotirtg.

EM IGRATION. TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD. Intending emigrants to New-York, Roden, Philadelphia, San Fnmsisco, Canada, China, Japan, Australia, or Nea Zealand, should take tickets (lowest rates) at the " Examiner' Office, Warrington, by GUION. AMERICAN, AUSTRA- LIAN, ORIENTAL, and other lines. , JOHN WALK& r. AGENT. "EXAMINER" °priori 2331758 Y-61..

TEETH ! TEETH! TEETH! MACDONALD'S PRBB DRNTORIUM. WHOLBSALB AIMIFICIAL TEETH MANDPACTORN (Registered.) B. 11.M.8. Letters Patent. (Trade Mark.) The Best am. 4 Cheapest House in the Profession. Single Teeth, Bs. ; Sets. 20s. Pit and Quality Guaranteed Patients fitted while they waft. A lady In attendance. The Trade Supplied. All best materials and work= %ship Teeth extracted free from 6 to 8 p.m. Teeth extracted witheut pain. Free consultations. Telegraphic Address ; " Dentist," Manchester. _ .

29. Pice.s.Dai (Opposite intirma.ry Clock). MANCHESTER

===== 0002601_18930826_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
DAVIS YOU HAD A DRINK OF THIS FAMOUS

" TEIV-ITT" STOUT

T _ 0-D A Y?

IF NOT, TRY IT.

ADDRESS--

RICHARD FORSHAW

COLLINS GREEN BREWERY.

NiitTTON-LE-WILLOWS.

BRAND & Co.'s BEEF

13OUIL. LON. _- A MOST NUTRITIOUS AND INVIGORATING

BEVERAGE. Made by the Simple Addition of Boiling Wat At a Cost within the reach of all. U. LITTLE STANHOPE-ST—MAYFAIR. W.

etturationi

-

LAW ES' SCHOOL,M ELCII ET HOUSE, LYTHAM. —lnclusive terms, special for cl.Tgv, references tO temente. vacancy for article impil.—Principals. the lasses HALKET (Mies. S. lialket.L.L.A.)

OLAREMONT, MOUNT F:PIIRAIM - ROAD, STREATHAV, LONDON. PREPARATORY SCHOOL for the Sons of Gent, emen, (Established MI.) Tutor London. Princlpal—Eiss JULIA GRIFFITHS. Procpectus on-Application. •

AIR. FRANK-W. REYNOLDS, 8.A., TEACHER 1,11. O 1 THH PIANOPOfITH. IdASSBY HALL, TRIM- WALL, near Warrin,gton.—Particulara Ril to terrnm. &C., may be obtained from Ur. IL H. PEAR+ON, Witerington, or from Massey Hall.

ST. GEORGE'S SCHOOL., (Catholic), Brampton, Huntingdon, (II hours from King's Cross). A thoroughly Pnteesional or C.,mmercial Hducatton prat/WO at a moderge pension.—Address The PRINCIPAL.

T_TOME SCIIOOI. for YOUNG LADIES. • Every ooneort, careful trainlng. Itrat-re profemmora. Reton. plithmente, an examinations, good Immo, h thy drilling, tennisice.—Mlases Lore Grove Park. Lee. S. IC.

THE MARINO ENDOWED SCHOOL, STROUD Chairman of (lovers ors : Sir W. H. Mardng. Hirt. Fchool Fee Z —Z3 a Term ; Boarding Fees, only £3O per Annum. Hoyt; adm+tted at airy period at Pro, ortionate Fees. For particulars apply.—W. J. tiIIiaNSTREET, MA., Head- master.

WA RR I/4 OTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL.

TIIE NEXT TEEM WILL BEGIN ON TUESDAY SEFIEMBER 19, For Furth r psrtleulars apply to the HELD MASER

MANCIIESTICit GICADIDIAB SC 0011.

PEE .E 4 4.. PER TERM.

- - The next Term egine URzDAY ERP I EIRDER 1911). Entrance Examination, 310NDAY, SEPIIIMER 18th, st 9 a.m. PROS PIiCTUSES, Forms vi application .16., Tnny be had at the Schooi. OWEN W. COX. Clerk and Receiver. N.B.—Bourdiog House now open under the sanction Governors.

TV" e IDNES ACADEMY OF MUSIC. PRIVATE LESSONS. SELECT DAY A.NO EVENING CLASSES. PIANO. ORGAN, HARMONIUM, VIOLIN. VOICE PRODUCTION. HARMONY, COUNTERPOINT, COMPOSITION. 'HIRER FREE SCHOLARSHIPB Tenable one year. Thirty-three eertlfleates and prizes pinel by ttudenle. during the year 1691. rootpeetus n Appll-ntion to THE PRINCIPAL.

GUY'S HOSPITAL MEDICAL SCHOOL.—The wr NMI SE:S•SION DRCITNN on MONDAY Oct. 2. The llospitat coatahis 695 beds, 500 In constantoCcupa- Lion.

Appointmen'a.—All Hospital appointments are made in accurdstie with the merits of the candidates, and ithout extra pay mtu.t Ent rao ce Scholarsli'ps.—Open Seholatships of £lOO anti £5) in , lassies, mathematics, and modern languages, and Open Scholarthips of £l5O and VO In chemistry, physici, and biology. Prizes are open to students in their various years amonOt Ina in the aggregate to mote than £4BO. Dental School.—A Dental School attached to the Hospital affords to students all the instru. tion required bras license in DPII al Surgery. College. The Re !dental Cellege ace ,mmodates about 14 at udents in addition to the resident staff of the Hospital. There is in It a large dining-hall, with reasing-rooms, library, gymnasium, for the use of the Students Club. For prospectus and further Information apply to the Deans Dr. ElsAw, Guy's Hospital, London. SIC

MANDOLIN, GUITAR, ZITHER, and BANJO, J. taught Ly PIMPESSOR ENNIS and SENORA EANDA.—Address Vlatorta Chambers. Widnes.

HOME MADE MARMALADE.

A DELICACY IN EVVRY HOUSHIIOLD.

COLLINGE'S SEVILLE ORANGE' MARMALADE

enr B ALL GROCKES.-WORKS EARLIISTOWN.

THE MISSES RIMMER. 23, Wilson-Patten-- I_ slreet, Warrington - SC 1100 L DUTIES TtE6 SOLED September 19th, Fees. etc., on Rpplinatton.

!HEATS!. OLD /ALL. IVAKEPIELD. SUPERIOR SC11001: FOR GIRLS.—ESTABLISIIND Ma-- Terms, al 111 view of hall nod groundt. with r ferenee, on Application to bire. (I. R. KENT. Next term begins Sept. 22nd.

DENSIAENMAWR SCHOOL, North Wales. Sol 1 and mountain air. Preparation for Public Schools. de. • Increased accommodation for &Acta... Term. September • 13th. WlLtism 11. ItIIODES, MA., (Lando,)), P.l) P., 'lead Master.

PLEASANT PARAGUAPHS,

A BUILDING LOT. —The carpenters, masons, and bricklayers. 'IIICRE are men who tire themselves to death looking for an easy place. Posrrzox is everything. When a woman wants to turn aspen's head she gets on the right side of

THERE are men *ho always take out their watches with an air that seems to say they know the sun is rong. ADELINE: "What would you do if you were in my shoes?" Madge (after a glance at them) : "Get a Raft about four sizes smaller." IT has not yet occurred to the dictionary makers to classify 'phonograph " as a feminine noun, simply because it talks back. SEE : "Oh, yes; I quite believe there's a fool in every family. Don't you ?" He: " my opinion's rather biased. You see, I'm the only member of our family.' - YOUNG MAN: "Do you think your sister viould hate to marry and leave you?" The Terror "o'3, yes. She said she would have married long ago if at hadn't been for me." He (after many flays) : "1)3 you think, as some do, that love is a disease? She (responsively and hopefully) : "Really, I can't say what it is; but I think—l—l am sure it is catching." SALVATION ARMY GIRL (to woman with a brutal hustand): "'Ave per tried 'capin' coals of tire en 'is 'cad r Meg: "Nn; I can't exactly say as 'ow I 'aye; but I've tried water." IT's funny," said Tom to the fisherman, "that your I usiness should show so little change from what it was in ancleut times considering that you are always introducing new lines into it." CITIZEN.: "Why are you trying to shoot that dog?' Policeman : "He's mad.'' "How do you know he's 111 vt r "ITs refused water." "London v-ater?" "Ye,." " Bala I That's no sign." MR. SUBURB: " friven't you a dog to protect your house from tramps V' Air Lawnmo "Yes." "Then why do you walk around every night with a gun!' "Oh, I'm not protecting the house. I'm only protecting the dog.' Yousu WIFE: "What do you. think of my pie- crust, Jack?' Jack (who doesn't wish to be as severe as the case warrants) : "Very nice, my darling; but didn't you get the shortening in , lengthwise " SAID the. lecturer "The , roads up these mountains are too steep and rocky for even a donkey to climb ; therefore I did not attempt the ascent." "AND so my little wife cooked this all herself? What does she call it ?" " Well, I started it for bread, but after it came out of the oven I con- cluded I'd better put sauce on it and call it pud- ding." It as in a country school. "What is the feminine of tailor'?" asked a teacher of a class in grammar. "Dressmaker," was the 'prompt reply of a bright-eyed little boy. A joker says an expeditious mode of getting up a a row is to carry a long ladder on your shoulder in a crowded thoroughfare, and ev,cry few minutes turn rcund to see:if anyone is making faces at you. As THE SAYING GOES.—Mrs. Keedick (praising young Mr. Adlet to her daughter) : "He doesn't smoke, drink, or swear, lie's a good boy and would bo true to you." Miss Keedick (shaking her head): "lie's too good to be true, mamma." "REGINALD," he said to a wealthy young dandy who had been paying his attentions to her, "I should like to ask you one very serious ques- tion." " What is it, my dear?" he replied. "Would you object to marry mamma if I refused you? You see, we really don't want to lose you?" MRS. PLANKINCTON (sorrowfully) : "If my husband weuld only stop playing nap I could have a new bonnet like yours." Mr. Witherby : "If he had stopped playing with my husband before they

began the Idol. time, you :Mita have had this." - IRATE PASSENGER (who has manaced to board a 'bus that didn't sop) : "Suppose I'd stipped and lost a leg then what r Conductor (kindly): "You wouldn't have to do any more joinpia' then.

We always stops for a man with a eru-tch.." "Do you kill the germs in the drinking water, mzeism?, Queried the family physician. "Yes-, I tr,y to, am.t.r " "YJ._boil the water, I sop. pose?" "Not now, doctor; it's so thick we bake it."

"Pooh creature, I supnoso be has some spinal trouble?' Dr. Knovrall : "No, his wife has bor- rowed his suspenders, and he is trying to get e4mg with hen until she is home from the picnic."

A GOOD woman, seeing a youth emerge from.a tavern, said : "1 am cony to see you come out of such a place." To which the young man responded, "Why, madam, would you Lave me stay there-all the time?" A I.ITTLE GIRL was being asked by her Sunday. school teacher if she always said her prayeta, and, If not, if she wasn't afraid to go to bed in the .lark ? "No, miss, I ain't," was the reply; "'cos I sleep in the middle." • Pottcnasedt : " Von warrant him sound then, arid not to be frightened at trains.' Dealer (pocketing money) : "Oh ; quite sound, sir ; an' ee's only frightened at flying leaves au' pieces o' paper, an' things." Brotelee (the new waiting maid) recently had occasion to open a bottle of champagne—for the first time in her life, it appears. " Begorra!" she exclaimed, as the vie gushed forth, "the idjut that filled this quart bottle must have put in a gallon by mistake." JOHN Bela. asked a Canadian Indian if he know the sun never sets on the Qacen's dominion? "No," said the Indian. "Do you know the reason why ? " asked John. " Because Heaven is afraid to trust an Englishman in the dark," was the reply. Sne (reading): "Joe, this paper says that, out in Oregon they have just discovele I footprints three feet long, supposed ta belong to a lost race." lie: " I don't, see how a race of people that made footprints three feet long could ever get lost." THE belle of the ball, with whom everybody wanted to dance, recently selected our Mr. G. for three consecutive waltz:l,, to his huge delight. As delicately as might be, he put the question as to 'why she did him n such honour, anticipating a nattering reply. "The fact is;" she confessed, however,. " I promised my ff,a/Ice that while he was away I wot,ll not give him the slightest cause for jealousy." " TALKING about pens," tahl Top, in the office the other day; "yell should never write anything in the nature of a secret with a quill." ' Why not ?" asks Quiteimodo, who happens to be rather addicted to this style of ink weapon. "Because," 'responded the Chief, solemnly, "it is liable to split." Ma GREENLEAF "Lock here, Amanda, I wrote to Mr. Stubbs, the man ack works-for, and asked him itOW Dirk Was getting along and where he slept at nights." Amanda : " Wlis.t did he say ?" Mr. Oreeeleaf : " Why, ho ssym that Dick is all right, end that ho sle,p3 in the store during the . day, ..but he devosn't know where he sleeps at .nights." Muoli is said about "Ilibernicism," but it was. not in Ireland that a story was pub:ished in which. the hero thus describes the dreadful results of an accident which occurred to him " Upcn getting to my feet and tsking a good look all round me, I di!e were,' that I was stone blind." " TO= is one thing I like about your line. band ; he never hurries you when getting ready for a walk." "Precious little credit due to him for that, my dear. Wbenever I see that lam nos likely to be ready in tiine, I simply hide his hat or hie gloves out of the way, and let him hunt for them up and down till I have finished dressing." Ite a small theatre in the provinces, at the close of a phy, the curtain would not descend, but remained suspended hallway down. Stretched on the stage lay a solitary dead man. Al all endea- vours to lower the curtain Life!, the "corpse " at length got up, and, murmuring in sepulchral tones, "No rest oven in the grave !" dragged the curtain to the ground. wogs Wordsworth died there was naturally great mourning among his neighbours in the Lake district. "We shall never have such a poet ,agala," was the genera: remark. But one old woman saw ,no reason to suppose that such a con. sequence would ensue. hen she heard of his death she merely remarked, " Aweel, an' I sup. Dose the wielder will take on the business!"

PAIN KILLER Get a bottle to-day of PERRY DAVIS'S , PAIN KILLER. ilote directly on the Jest of Pain Cures Colda.Cougha. Head- ache, (ramp and Pain in the Stomach. Colic. Di arrhces, opaolers, &e. Said by all Chemists ai I,li sad 29. Avoid all Inittatiens under misleading 11.11133011. PAIN alusa

CART'S LITTLE LIVER PIIIS. Small

z ~i 1 4

:MIL TEETH by the timely that delicate wash,

speedily progress of en the awns. a driiginful ele breath. 'Laeilusta sell it. sa

BEAUT! Pill e Small ITTE ensured In 'ea DOSe ' y R aromatic tooth-wa 'L use of ' <tad- an d ogligm '1 Fragrant z. 'mach. Price SOZODON -rhowa. Forty in a tal Chemist. Sugar Coated which will • Purely Vegetable arrem the in - Torpid Liver d'`V•l''''Sen' About Fall and unpart a frazennce tor 114.

_ Cure 1, Without

===== 0002601_18930826_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
•‘CAPI.T2IL" CHAT.

The latest addition to our young and pretty act- resses recruited from good middle-class circles which lore to call themselves "Society," is'Miss Brunton, who is only 19, and is playing a nice part in the provincial company of "A Woman ol No Importance." Though Brunton is a good old thea- trical tname—many readers will remember Mire; Brunton, a well-known member of the "Caste " company, and a relation of the late F. W. Robinson —the debutante comes of quite a different stock. She is one of the exceedingly pretty daughters of Mr. Spencer Brunton,ti.e rich stockbroker and part- ner ot the equally rich and •famous Mr. Harry Bourke,who buys horses for the Prince of Wales.

The Prince of Wales having intimated to the Duke and Duchess of Devonshire his wish to visit them during the pheasant shooting season, specula- tion is rife as to whether Chatsworth Rouse or liardwicke Hall will be the scene of entertainment. Cnatsworth, which at present is in the hands of vvorkpeople, who are installing the electric light,is an imposing if not a very beautiful pile. A feature of the place is the immense range of glass houses, wherein are grown fruit and flowers of every cli- mate and country in the world. Ilardwicke,on the other hand.is one of the most picturesque mansions in England,being purely Elizabethan. It is of great size, and equal comfort.. The tapestries, oak carv- ings, and Jecol.iean furniture there are superb. Mr. Cl•aur.berlain, although an exceedingly cool band as a rule, was visibly disconcerted on Monday by the brevity and conaiseness with which Mr. :Gladstone stated hia case for closuring the report .stage of the home Rule Bill. Because he himself had exaggerated the importance of the occasion, and had made every preparation for a " big" speech he seemed to have satisfied himself that Mr. Glad- stone must necessarily have done likewise. On being called by the speaker to propose his amend- ment, Mr. Chamberlain, owing to the admirable paucity of debating material or food for obstruction in Mr. Gladstone's speech, or to the unexpected turn that affaits had taken, was not able to start with the smoothness and fluency that ordinarily characterise his debating efforts. But he soon recovered his self-possession,, and brought his buttery of extracts and quotations into action. The effect of this favorite mode of attack of his is, however, becoming le-s and less harmful by frequent use.

ln trutb„Mr. Chamberlain is nbviously paying the penalty of making too many speeches. bigns were not wanting on Monday that c has made himself stale. The conversation amongst groups of mem- bers all over the House on Monday, while he was laboriously doing his piece of special pleading in the cause of perennial obstruction, was proof positive of the general impatience and the Lick of interest in the speeches ot the self-appointed leader of the Opposition.

No man upiring to pplitical leadership ever had mill a slender literary or educational equipment as Mr. Chumbellain. Although he has been remark- ably successful in concealing his educational defi- ciencies, still they do insist at times on peeping out limn behind the veil. The way in which be man- gled the pronunciation of the well known and in- offensive word" homogeneous" on Monday was one of those embarrassing revelations. Even when he dies illustrate his argunieut with a f,zood quotation, as the one from Lord Chatham which he employed on Monday, he makes it. evident to all his hearers that the phrase is not of his own finding, that he has not even a bowing acquaintance with if, but that he was indebted for it to a skilful secretary with Au Oxford degree or some well-read political intermediary.

The" Daily Chronicle's " correspondent in South Wales throws quite a new light on the condition of affairs amongst the millers there. He asserts that ail the sensational reports about hosts of strikers marching to the attack of the non-strikers are pure creations of the alarmist brain. If it is true, as he declares, that ail the magistrates who have called in the aid of the military are themselves coalowners, we can understand the true inwardness of the whole husiness. It is the object of some of the employers of ,curse to create as bad an impression in the public mind as possible concerning the attitude of the resisting workmen and nothing is o tffcctive in this sense as to make it appe.r4 nut they are threatening violence. The Welsh miners me likely to long remember the action that has been taken against them, find we shall not be sur- prised if they show their resentment in a very definite fi,shion when they are asked to give their votes.

Though the Primrose League authorities have on hand a very considerable number of Lord Randolph Churchill's leaflet on the House of Lords they are by no means eager to circulate them. The aristo- cratic section of-the League have indicated their oisapproval of certain points advanced in the leaflet. It is a matter of open knowledge in League circles that the Duke of Abercorn, the chairman of the Grand Council, is very disappointed with the effusion, Other titled Leaguers openly declare that Lord Itandtlph has made an egregious blunder in ,iwelling on the history et the upi.er House. And they ought to know.

It will perhaps have surprised not a few to learn from the telegraphic despatches from Germany that the Queen is the Honorary Colonel of a Prussian Dragoon Regiment. A few days since the Raiser presented to the Ecenigin Dragons r, as this very crack corps is entitled, the stearuers, the gift of their Royal Inhaberin or "proprietor." The photo- graph of Iler Majesty in a sky-blue and gold uniform with crimson facings would certainly sell if only it could be obtained, but, unlike her daugh- ter, the Empress Frederick, who has often ridden at the head or her Black Hussar regiment attired in its sombre but becoming uniform, our Queen has long ceased to indulge in such feruitnnelancies.

There are. however, still living many persons who can distinctly recall having seen Her Majesty dressed in scarlet tunic and riding-skirt of bide, with the blue Garter ribbon, and a much-befeath- ercd tat, reviewing the Guards; a picture, indeed of the incident hangs to this day in the Bow Room of Buckingham Palace.

The Queen is by no means the only member of the Royal Family tsho is a petticoated colonel of a regiment. Reference has been made to the Empress Frederick, the chief of the illustrious Totnenkoopfe or Deal h's-Inead Hussars ; the Duchess of Edinburgh is .• proprietor " of the Russian Yam- burgh Diagoons, and the mother of the Duchess of Connaught, Princess Frederick Charles of Prussia is still nominally chief of that very crack regiment the Brandenburg Dragoons. It was utter the Lmueror William's visit to this country some three years ago that the distinction ,of appointing the istileen as its honotary colonel was conferred upon the it Royal Dragoon Guards.

Those who know the quiet seclusion of Buzzard Bey;lhe typical new England cithige, some four miles from wllich is situated President Cleveland's summer tesidence of Gray Galiles, can appreciate the attempt ot the much worried politician to escape from the unceauPg scrutiny to which he and his family are subjected 'alien in Washington. it was die to his old triend Joseph Jsfferson, the delighfiu; actor, the inimitable lap Van Winkle, who is well remembered in this country, that Pre- sident Cies:A-and settled down at tiray Ciables. Jefferson's estate is only at a short distance away, Bud the pair pass whole days out together fishing.

Jt.fferson, in addition to being an actor, is a clever painter, and his house is a perfect nausuem of artistic bric-a-brac gathered in his travels. At Buzzards's Bay • Mr. Cleveland is comparatively free from the übiquitous and irrepressible reporter, though the Snap-shot photographer is pot unknown in the neighbournood. None but those familiar with the perseverance of the American journalist can conceive the trials to which the President and his wife have bten submitted ever since their memorable marriage trip, when t ven the fact that the lights were out on the Presidential car at 12.20 a.m. Watl considered sufficiently interesting to cable to every corner of the Union.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
, '9• - • . , , • . driethiv Antetiltrif.

GIVE EA9E & COMFORT DURING TEETHING. Plena,mt, Cooling Aperient for Children of all Ages. Try them and prove t heir value for yourselves. Sokl everywhere in palkets, ls. ltd. and 25.9 d.. or post free 19 or 34 stamps. . J. .PRITCHARD, CHEMIST, CHEADLE, YArCHEFIEIt ('. Hod).

===== 0002601_18930826_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
7 1 111 tit f; y 471; 1 : k,:i: : ~,, I , , 1 . , ~, , ail - • ,f 4 liij 4, 441 7,11/4.d tt. TIIE EXAMINER. SATURDAY, AUGUST 2g, 1-893.

LADIES' LETTER

MT DEAREST NELLIE,

Neatness is not only a good thing for a girl, but Is very important thing. Girls all with to look wall, and it is expected of them to look pretty. The very style of their dress and the variety ol colours worn render it necessary that there be nc apisearance of neglect. The want of a hook or button, an untidy, frayed-out edge of a skis< et a garment that is soiled; rough, untidy hair, ot unwashed skin, is sufficient to mar any amount of natural prettiness. The hand, though white and well-shaped, is repulsive if it is not clean and the nails nicely cut and cared for; and well-shaped feet are not attractive if the boots are allowad to be worn down at heel, or to be without the proper amount of buttons. Fashion demands, and good sense endorses, that a young girl must be tidy and trim in her dress, and, to be this, neatness is the first requirement. No matter how simple and inexpensive the dress may be, if a girl has the ne..tessary and right kind of pride for her personal appearance she will look fifty times better than those who lack these qualities. It is, therefore, essential that a part of every girl's training should be the formation of habits of neatness, and that this training be early begun.

Bonnets are as small as ever, and bear bub a small amount of garniture; hate are deoidedly more fashionable, and are worn by elderly, as well as young ladics, except for visiting and fête occa- sions. A very pretty bonnet is entirely made of black and green wings which is somewhat of the Marie Stuart shape, and is bound with black velvet in a manner eminently becoming, and ties under the chin with black velvet strings.

One of the very best ways of refreshing the com- plexion is to expose it freely to the rain. A long walk, with the soft rain playing in one's face, is a thorough beautifier, which umbrellas have robbed us of long enough. Equipped in waterproof cloak and cap of storm serge, leaving the face quite bare, one should walk hours at least to get the full benefit of the rain. Not only the rain, but the vapour-laden air, soaks the tissues washing the skin more thoroughly than a Turkish bath, filling out the shrunken skin, parched by house heat, and obliterating fine wrinkles. Sleep and walking aro two great aids to beauty which preserved the charms of Diana of Poitiers, who never allowed weather to keep her indoors.

I should like to give you a few "wrinkles" about the rice folding and keeping of thin summer dresses, which frequently get more " wisped " by being badly put away than they would do from an ordinary day's wow. Firat, be sure to have two loops of braid stitched on the inside of the skirt band, one on the left side and one on the right, by which to hang your dress up. Shake the skirt thoroughly on first taking it off, and, if necessary, bru di it carefully before putting away, when it must hang. Do not fold it, or every crease will show when next you wish to wear it. Dress bodices should be kept in a drawer or box whore they have plenty of room. Before patting them away, stud each arm full of paper, and put another bundle of paper inside the bodice ; then lay it oat in the drawer intended for its use, with as little folding as possible. You will be surprised how fresh your dresses will keep if treated in this way ; it is also an invalua6lo hint as regards packing all dresses.

A very tasteful three-eornered flounce h in lioru lace, headed with a straight collar composed of two folds in red miroir velvet, similar to the ear-like bow at the back and the small tippet fluted on the shoulders.

The idea of "white dinners" as given exclusively by young ladies to their girl friends originally emanated from America. They aro now adopted In other countries and are considered delightfully novel. It is no doubt a very pretty notion to seat some score of white-clad damsels around a table, whereon the decorations are of the tint of driven snow, and where the vian la that are secured par- take of the same hue.

Checks' which are always so popular are being a good deal used just now for seaside costumes, and the shot diagonal serges are seen on all sides, pink and sage, yellow and illative, and blue and yellow being favourite combinations. lam not, however, -quite sure how these will stand exposure to the sea air. Grey appears for the moment the popular colour, and I have noticed a curio is shads of green linen much used for entire oostumes. Pink looks well with this, but black looks better still, and if trimmed with string coloured lace is must dna- tive.

A dainty bodice made of chlrry coloured poplin, turned hack with revers of b!aok silk, over which falls soft cream-coloured lace, looks very pretty. The dress is of cream-coloured cr6i)e, with a band of the same round the throat, finished with a jabot of lace. Full lace ruffles trim the elbow-sleeves, which, however, may be long' hone]. to the wrists, if preferred. The coat is made with a deep basque, which is cut up smartly in front in a novel and becoming fashion. This jacket ma j be made in any substantial material.

Yours lovingly, JENNIE.

St- riot's headaches often come from ill-fitting spec- tarles.

Tin cleanPd with paper will shine tetter than when I cleaned with flannel. Cistern water may he purified by charcoal put in a bac and hung in the water. Powdered rice sprinkled upon lint and applied to fresh wounds will stop bleeding. Hard waters are to be preferred to soft waters In the

teapot, as the hard waters dissolve less of the tannin of the leaves. Fruit or rust stains on table linen or other white cloths may, be removed by soaking in a weak solution of oxalic acid. The most effectual remedy for slimy and greasy drain pipes is copperas dissolved and left to work gradually through the pipe. After tea has been steeped in boiling water for three minutes a large proportion ox the valuable constituents are extracted. Kerosene will soften boots and sho s that have beeti hardened by water, and will render them pliable as new. Kerosene will make your tea kf We as bright as new. Satutate a woAllen rag and rub with it. It will also remove stains from varnished 1 urniture.

A dark and gloomy room may be br.gltenecl by plac- ing ebonised shelves over the doors and windows, group- ing scarlet, yellow, or gilded fans upon tho walls, and placing pretty bric-a-brac and vases in positions where they will be brought into relief by the cheerful back- ground.

. k , _ ..,.•„ • aWC,--, - A it,a ' , ~ , , -.,,,,„ 4 v. ~.., 44 ::1r.,64,-v',:::5.,,5,.-7:ciii.'-g-(-IVit4'o,l . ..7. 1., t*-- , 0,6-:''',,,,,.........k4r lift 1, k ~ -,:,,,; 4 , kr") r• I --xi' , "I‘t(4. 44, 1.:2 A (.-. ~., ,4.:...z.' :..,. goad - ''...-.(.,;...t.. jklifr7,4l., . //5„...\.5., 'l/4.. __. +-- 1/4$ ;I,li - \ „.. .

. , 4' II 4.,,1," Q ' f'' ~ ~.v. ~ t <,'•44",lll7Tillit - 1 . i.,,,..ti3. ,4... t.. • i ~,,, ~,,.; ~ ' , •.,-1,...« f, ..' I ~, C_ti`• ? 11:11,'irte kje .t5.,:....,-•

kiti:!;7\l:o;,..tri j Ya ci , ------t : K.4:' -,,,, ....o.\- • 0 )).3)., - (I? 2C\ -- • )y‘ 'lse', i, ~._• ' . /-.4-1 , ;;4/,-, .1 ~/ ,1,.....„,,..6-v, ,;:. ,i, :,,,r,..... 1 , el-f-i J . 4_,..,•,,N , :,...3,' -ri:—R.l"4-1 . •4m. i >l. . \ ; \ , 1 , .

===== 0002601_18930826_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
To Wash the Hair.

For washing the hair, particularly such as is inclined to) be oily, nothing is better than the common hard soap of the kitchen. A woman who has used it frequently herself and seen its benefits tested in other cases pre- scribes it with strong faith. "Make a strong suds," she says, "rub it quickly cu the hair and wash it off again at once. After that any scented soap or wash may be used in the way of an ordinary shampoo." A lady's maid may be taken in further testimony of the same article, as the only wash she uses for her mistress's hair is soapsuds thickened with a teaspoonful of glycerine and the white of an egg. Undoubtedly women waste money in expensive hair beautifiers and., preserves. Simple means right to one's hand are just as effective. The pulp of a letnOn, for instance' rubbed on the roots of the hair will stop ordinary cases of falling out..

"GOOD ADVICE AND A WOODEN LEG." If I hadn't given my friend Jim Smalley the best piece of advice one young fellow could give another we should be friends still—that is, if Jim could have lived without the advice. This may sound rather strange and axed to you, but its all right when you take it by the handle. You see it was this way. juts was a handsome chap, 25 years old, foppish ad dressy, found of scciety, had plenty of money, but with the seeds of consumption in him. Got 'em from his mother, who died of it, Well, Jim began to cough, and run down hill fast. The doctors couldn't help him, and told him so. One day he was talking to me about it, and actually broke down and cried. "Jim," says I, "there's just one chance for you, . and I want you to jump for it right away. That's to gi) out west in America and live on the slopes of the Rocky Mountains, in the pine woods, in a hut or a tent, and stay there till you au dead or well. Don't write to me for a year, then come back or let me hear from you." Bidding a sad farewell to the young girl he was engag,ed.to be married to, Jim went. Two y ears afterwards I met him in town : he was as hearty as a buck, but walkid with a limp. He had lost his right leg, below the knee, in a fight with a grizzly bear, and now he hobbled about on a wooden one. "And its all your fault," he said, " If it hadn't been for your advice I'd never gone there. Now Edith won't marry me. Says she don't want a husbenl with a wooden leg and I don't want a friend who gave me the wooden leg."

Well, there ! I was never so taken aback. My advice had saved Jim's life and restored his health, yet because he couldn't have two sound legs and a %sire besides. he threw me ovei board. I vowed I'd never give any body a bit of good advice again. I'd let 'ern die first. But that's where I was hasty and wrong. It is a man's duty to keep on doing good, whether people are:grateful or not. Here is Mr. Frank Stanley Longman. His wife gave him a piece of good advice, and he was sensible enou3h to act on it. In June, 1882, it was that he fell ill. Ile felt weak, tired, and weary without any outside reason for it. His appetite was poor, there was a bitter taste in his mouth, and a bad pain in the chest and stomach after eating. Sometimes he would break out into a sweat and feel so prostrated he'd have to lie down It was feared he had some kind of internal tumour. Once he had an attack at the railway station, and people crowded round him, thinking he was dying. During another attack he kissod his child, believirg his time had come. A doctor examined him for heart disease, but couldn't find any. He advised Larigman to take only milk and brandy', milk and water, and such Still he had those frightful periodic attacks. After attending him some time, the doctor said, " I can't find out what is the matter with you ; you had Letter see a West-End physician.' Mr. Langman did so, and the Vest End doctor said the patient's liver made too much bile, and ordeted medicine and a milk diet.

Two more doctors were consulted with no better result, and the unhappy man remained in that same miserable form for seven years. In February, 1889, he read in a newspaper of a case like his own having been cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, but inasmuch as the best medical advice in London was of no use. what Mai be expected from an advertised medicine? "Nothing, of course,7 said Mr. Longman.

his wife thought differently. " You try Seiyers Syrup," she said, " Everybody speaks well of it." Ile did try it, and in three months he was well, and has been well ever since. In a letter dated Dccember 17th, 1891, he says, " Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup saved my life," and signs his name to what he says—" Frank Stanley Langman, 44, Comberford-road, Brockley."

, • His malady was not heart disease or tumours, but indigestion and dyspepsia, the cause of almost all pangs and pains, call them what you will. Mr. Lati,gman was saved by good advice and a good medicine, for which he is grateful. So I take notice that everybody isn't like Jim Smalley, with his grizzly hear and his wooden leg. G.W.C. London, February, 1892.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
A TRADE DODGE.

From a communication read to the Association of 13,1. gian Chemists it seems that Continental bakers are in the habit of mixing soap with their dough to make their bread and pastry nice and light. The quantity of soap used varies greatly. Infancy articles like wafft!s, frit- ; ers, Sze., it is much larger than in bread. The soap is dissolved in a little water; to this is added some oil, and tbe mixture, after being well whipped, is added to the flour. The crumb of the bread manufactured by this process is said to be lighter and more spongy than t at made in the ordinary way. .

===== 0002601_18930826_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
TEA S ,

oun SPECIAL BLENDi c-1 / ..A_T 1/7 AN LB.

Delivered Free by our own Vans lu Virrington,

Widnes, Leigh, Atherton. Tyldea!ey. and

Districts.

Write for Samples nrvi partieulikrs to

.11i0MAS JONES AND CO.,

LIMITED.

91 PARKER STREET,

LIVERPOOL.

Gli)ozjopec) ss C..,,•# 11 1 tozwi, qg kiext\-- \ tb, Qu:Le4::::::.",„:411:'.,. oi 1.„,..1k„.....4, <, . -T.E.A t 5 ucZtr.l

===== 0002601_18930826_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•••

===== 0002601_18930826_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
dr- 4PP. llltit\ v

s a

- t 17\1 .:#l': t-. 1.• .. 4:,..-

DARKWOOD.

"And be did not doubt?" interrupted Gwen, in a voice of anguish. "How could he doubt its meaning? He knew yopr writing, it seems. He could not possibly doubt that you had fled from him, believing your- self no fitting mate for him ! He started for London by the first train in pursuit of you l" ' " Oh, fiend ! Monster !" CHAPTER LIX. "1 may be both, miss ; but I am your master! . . . GWIOn3 COVRAGE Sloane. I Your *life even is in my hands I" staid Pietro, men. • " 'All that a man bath will he give for How long—how 'frightfully long—the hours ' acinglY* , his life,' I have heard say. I offer you wealth, free- aeemed to poor imprisoned Gwen. ' dein, every earthly blessing, if you will consent to The awful darkness, the frightful solitude—sthe marry mo-- " deep, insidious chill penetrating to the very Marrow • The girl sprang up suddenly, her face wan and of her, bones—the horrible loneliness—au, these white and woeful, her great. purple eyes full of were maddening. lurid fire. How haggard she had grown during At first she tried to believe herself a prey to those Awenty-four hours! Her massive bronze. nightmare. She pinched herself and rubbed her coloured hair had became loose from its fasten- eye; and strove with violent efforts to arouse from ings, and fell over her shoulders in glittcring rip. what she wished might prove a hideous trance. plea and obscured her low forehead. Her features But she realised with only too great an intensity were pinched and death-like. Pietro started back that she was awake—that this was no nightmare , in alarm at the change in her. —but a reality as strange and incomprehensible as "If you perish here it is your own fault s" he terrible. ' declared harshly. "I have offered you freedom, I She rushed to the door and beat upon it with her wealth, everything tif you choose to die your blood small fists until they were bruised and bleeding. be Itpon your own head." I She shrieked until the corridors rang with the The girl flung back her hair from her face, and ' echoes of her cries and her ears were almost stunned , looked her scorn and contempt of him. i with their mockery. . ' "Yes, I would rather die ! she said. "I gave I She knew well—if she had been but calm enough ion my answer last night. lam not afraid to die. to think—that no one in the upper portion of the have made up my mind to die. But I should like ruins could have heard her voice in the subterranean' to know of my parents. Is my father living, Pietro? recesses even in its loudest tones. Much less could Who was lie? . Who was my mother? Were they anyone outeid'e the ruins, in the garden or park, honourable people t" hear her outcries. I She asked these questions with a nervous eager. I Her strength was wasted in this wild outburst, ness that might have movedsa heart of stone. But but she was frenzied with her aoguish and terror, he smiled and shook his head. She screamed anew more loedly,—a wild, piercing "The knowledge you ask is a part of the price wail that might have penetrated to heaven itself, I offer for your hand," he answered. "I will tell it seethed, and then breathless, with a rush and roar you all about your parentage if you will agree to of blood in her head, she fell against the door, gasp. i marry me. I will take you abroad; you shall be ing and fainting! ' a Itreat lady; you shall have wealth and splendour. Hark! Was that the echo of her own cry? From I now lam not a very suitable husband for a lady 'afar came an answering wail, low and muffled—a like you; but ladies do marry beneath them— prayer for help! 1 ' although I am your equal so far as anyone knows. • I . Clinging to the do?r,raisins her agonised o i yes n• And Pe3ple will think me eccentric, not low-born. darkness, the girl lisfened, her hearing growing , I shall do you credit, miss; depend upon me for ' Blea'rer and more distinct. ' that. I can adapt myself to wealth and luxuries I It came again, that muffled shout, as from the is readily as any man living. lam poliihed nows— • bowels of Use earth, freighted with anguish, wild a gentleman iu looks, if Ido say it. Think it over with pleadings, yet weak and faint as by reason of i —take me as your husband. You must have had ' great distance I •' i • ' ngh eno of this dark Cell to crush your spirit--" i There was no 'echo. Owen recognised it as the 1 "It would take more than twenty-four hours to * cry she and the Lady Georgina had heard during break my spirit," said thewirl, haughtily. " k can • their memorable visit to the ruins—it seemed now i die, but I cannot degrade myself by marrying you I . ages ago' IGo ! Leave. me to solitude—to despair-to death ! 1 The Lady Georgina had believed it the utterance ' Better they than you I" of a ghost. It certainly was sepulchral, weird, and She made a. gesture of dismissal. He hesitated, I unearthly. then responded— ! Gwen was not superstitious. She had no belief "I go; but I shall come swain night by night, in the supernatural, yet; clinging there to that mas- until you yield to my demand, or until -I find you sive door, in that pall-like gloom, a sick terror sped I dead! I go—but remember that I alone of all on through all her veins. There could be no living I earth know your whereabouts. If anything were creature in those vaults beside herself! What then to happen to me, you are doomed. I hoped to find was the cause of that shout? Was irthe utterance ru in a better mood to-night. Another day may of a mortal throat, or was there truth in the old ring you to your Lenses I" legend of a ghost in these grim cells, and was this He went out and slammed and locked the door the cry of the spectre haunting the dungeon in behind him; and his steps were beard echoing along which he had perished? ' • the stony corridorE and receding in the distance. I Gwen sank down ht a little heap by the door, her Gwen was alone again in her dungeon! - lips moving dumbly. Had the words she tried to A week had passed since she had disappeared. , utter been given sound, they would have been— An energetic, even desperate, search had been made "I'm afraid ! I'm afraid !" for her by those so vitality interested in her, and it Yes, fearless and brave as she was by nature, she was afraid there in the dark was still in full process. Lord Chilton, Miss Nor- ness, the loneliness, , 'and with that weird sound ringing in her ears. reys, and Lord Darkwood worked with equal zeal, send in messengers, following every fancied clue, I It came again—again—and yet again—dying out and le•tving no stone unturned in their wild and . at last in a wild despair that defies description. Gwen lay huddled upon the floor for a long, long eager quest; and sleek Pietro, like the spider in his I web, watched them all with impassive mein, but time, stunned and scared, her pale face shining with secret exultation and delight. like a star in the dense gloom, and then the hurry. Lord Chilton had hastened to London, and had • lug of a rat across her floor, summoned kly the smell , heard that Gwen had not been seen by the Myners, of the food Pietria had placed for her, perhaps, Z 1 an that she had written to them during the past ! startled her to new activity. I fortnight' and that consequently they had known She sprang up and felt her way along the wall ' nothing whatever of her departure from Dunholm to the chair, and crept into it, huddling herself up ,in a heap within its enclosure, and, with her heart Castle. The viscount showed them the letter which had ' throbbing wildly, waited dumbly. been found on Gwen's desk, and they also recog- The rat had been frightened by her movement niscd the hand writing as that of Gwen. Not a 1 and had scampered away. He *did not return, doubt obtruded upon their mind as to its authenti- • The•time passed. The minutes seemed like ages. city. Having satisfied themselves that Gwen had : Gradually the girl grew calmer and was able t written the letter, they accepted its puts/fort as the command her thoughts. Slowly a sensation of expression of her own mind, and never even sus. what had happened to her burned itself upon .her . pected under what eiremnStances and at whose : soul. • dictation the letter had been penned. She remembered that she had sat down at her Having plunged the Myners into a distress and window to look upon the castle -ruin and to dream anxiety only less than his own, and derived no her girlish dreams—that she had fallen asleep—that information 'whatever from them; Lord Chilton she had awakened here, with Lord Darkwood's . journeyed to Yorkshire and to Lonemoor: He saw valet looking upon her—she his prisoner. She re' Mr. and Mrs. Quillet, but they also could give him membered all he had said to her of love and mar- no satisfaction. Believing in spite of their denials riage. It seemed incredible. • that they meet know something of Gwen' move- She crouched in the chair for hours, until her meths, the yottug viscount demanded an interview limbs had grown stiff and her body numb from in - with the squire, determined to solicit his interfer- -1 action. Then again, with a faint fluttering of energy ence with his servants. she crept along the wall to the door, and beat upon 'lime housekeeper went to her master with the ! it, and shriek ei anew for help, demand of her Visitor, and, to her great surprise, • Again, as before, came the ghostly answering the Squire consented to see Lord Chilton. The cry. But now Gwen 110 longer feared it. She ha( latter was accordingly ushered into the library, either found fresh courage or grown reckless. She where its master sat in a half gloom continually, 'shouted ; after the echoes died came that other busy with his thoughts or with his books. ' shout. She repeated the experiments again and I • The Squire arra*, tall and gaunt and grim of again. ' visage with haggard eyes and shaggy beard, and "I have established rapport with the utterer of bowed form, and melancholy wreck of the proud that cry, be he human or spirit s she thought.." It and genial gentleman of less than twenty years ago. is something to be answered even by a ghost S' . Re greeted Lord Chilton with grave and stately She was very still for holm thereafter. She courtesy, and motioned him to a chair. crouched at the foot of the door, weak and hushed, "I do not receive visitors," he said, "but lam and despairing. She was there and this when glad to meet you, Lord Chilton. I received a letter Lord Darkwood discovered her disappearance— from you recently, which I did not answer, but when her lover and Miss Norreys called upon the whiCh has been much in my mind of late." marquis—when Lord Darkwood in his golitude •"I wrote you in relation to Miss Winter, who muttered his threats against. her. She was there :was so long an inmate of your house," replied the long afterwards, but finally returned to her chair, viscount. "Since writting that etter, Squire and huddled herself into its recess. ' Markham, I have discovered Miss Winter, only, She thought of her lover, but she shed no tears. 'however to lose her again. I came to ask you to She thought of Miss Norroys, and wondered if use your influence with your servants to induce Lord Chilton and the lady of Beechmont had read them to give me her address. They tell me they that fatal letter which she had Written at the die- do not know where she. is I" tation of Pietro. - "Than I should believe them," said the squire, "That letter has destroyed all my chances of coldly. "They tire foolish and wilful, but I never being found," she thought. 'l"They will_believe knew them to he I" that I have fled. Some time—years hence—they "Bet they must know! Miss Winter must have may hear of a skeleton being found in this dungeon. communicated with "Boum of her old friends I " Will they suspect it to be mimic? Will they ever "That does not follow. She is a person to fling dream that I was entombed alive ? ' off all restraint, I should say," said the squire. She speculated as to what they were doing. She "Lord Chilton, do you know who this girl is whom thought of Miss Norreys at the head of her tablk you wish to make your wife?" surrounded by her guests, brilliant and beautiful, He regarded the young man with keen- and the cynosure of all eyes. She knew Lord Chilien piercing gaze, his shaggy brows contracted in a so well that she thought of him hastening to Lou- heavy frown. don in pursuit of lies', as journeying to Yorkshire, "I know, sir, that she is the most beautiful girl . as searching everywhere, but she had no hope that England--" he would ever find her. "Nonsense. Come, come, Lord Chilton, this "I shall die young as my mother did !" she girl is no fit wife for yon. She comes of had blood. thought drearily, yet without tears. • "She Shebad no father. Her mother came to this house, perished miserably on the Yorkshire moors. I shall stayed one'Mouth, otia departed to her death. perish no less miserably here. She lies in a din' The girl is worse than nobody. Take the advice of honoured grave. I shall have no grave other than a man old enough to be your father, my lord, and this dungeon." let this girl follow in her mother's steps without She had thought much, during the past few months, of that poor young mother staggering forth involving yew and your honourable name in her disgrace. in the wild winter storm to perish, but she thought ~ you have never seen Miss of her now with an infinite pity and tenderness she Lord Chilton ,Winter, sir," said "Had you ever seen her, your had never before felt: She .thought, too, of haerri never seen, whose name the had never heard If wn rds would, be unpardonable. You have been father—her unknown father—whose face she had prejudiced against her by the Orkney family; but he died before her birth ? Did he still live ? She no purer, triter, nobler lady exiSta On this earth ii 0 than Miss Winter. Anil as to bail blood, Ido not had hard and bitter thoughts of him ; but now sr believe it. She elute of good hio,:d, sir, as any One reflected that her mother must have loved him, lei must believe who looks upon her, The poor lady could not have been all bad, and love and pity fo • who canto to your door was crazed. She may have him taws woke in her tortured breast. been a wife or widow, who wandered from her, And the hours dragged on. -She dozed by fits home in some hallucination. That she was bad. I and starts, and awakened often in tremors of terror, utterly refuse to believe !" She will aroused finally by the opening of the door An odd look came over the squire's face; he took of her dungeon, and a sudden radiance within the a step toward his guest, and then retreated, his room, visage growing harder, colder, grimmer than

A TALE OF LONEMOOR. t BY MRS. HARRIET LEWIS. Author of "Her Double Life," " Old'Llfe's Shadows," "Tidy Kildare," eta.

CIAAPTEB. LX.

THE VISCOUNT AND TIIE sorms. Pietro had returned. Ho stood just within the door, a lighted lantern held above his head. Ho had deposited upon the bench a fresh supply .of food and drink, and was now contemplating his prisoner. " What time is it ?" asked Gwen, hollowly. He smiled at this first question that sprung to her lips. "It is a little past midnight," he answered. "How long have I been here?" she questioned. " Tweuty-four hours, miss !" "Why,. I thought it had been days—weeks !" "Yet you have not touched your food !" "I have not thought of it ! I have heard strange cries. What can have made them ?" Pietro was silent an instant. Then he answered, coil— " hosts ! Owls! Ido not know.; but there is no one can get at you, I keep the key of your cell In my bosom." "And if anything should happen to you, no one would ever come near me ?" "That is true, miss. But nothing will happen to me," declared Pietro. "You shall eat, else you will die. There is fresh broad—" "Has Lord Chilton been at the castle to-day ?" " Yes miss. Your letter was found and taken to Lord Dlrkwood. Then Miss Norreys and Lord Chilton came to take you to Beechmont, and they were told. that you were gone. Your letter waa gbcti the.Tiscodut--"

be! " You are foolish, my lord," he exclaimed. "If YOU marry this girl, you will repent it in geed time. Believe me, these unequal marriages do not turn out well. At first the glamour of love will blind your eyes to the )equality between you; but by, and by .you will wish that she had family birth, fortune, and all these things which people respect But the girl is a pauper outcast—hear me, my lord —the daughter of a pauper outcost, and the day will surely come when you will feel this, truth in bitterness of anguish if you marry her. No doubt she is anxious to entrap you, sir--" You wrong her cruelly. Since yen are so bit- ter against her, you will: hardly heed the explana- tion I am about to make, and I am tempted to withhold it. I found Miss Winter five days since.: She was a governess in Shropshire under an assumed name, that of Miss Myner--,--" "An assumed name," interrupted the squire, bitterly. "Aye, she is secret, no doubt. The name of Winter was not her own, and her former governess begged Ler to take her name, which she did. Miss Winter had been persecuted by yotutg Orkney, her name of Winter was a by- word upon these moors, and she adopted the shelter of the honest name of her kind friends as a refuge from these annoyances and troubles," said Lord Chiltoft, gravely. "She became a governess, and I found her quite by accident We renewed our vows, in that glad boor of. meeting, Squire Markham, e.nd she preeniso to marry: me soon. I Yet the urrrt. tr-rmins: On Het leaving fle this let-

===== 0002601_18930826_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
1 , Ito gate It to the squire, -who perused it rowe- -1 Lilly. "She has a greater senee of propriety than I thought,":said the old man, calmly, a he restdred the letter. "She sees that Anis no match for yen- And you have found no clue to her ? "None Whatever. I have been to London ,the Myner have not seiln her. I came here; but the _Quillets thictire that, until they received my telegram, they diii not know that, she was not in- tending. to remain at Dunholin Castle.' The squire started, growing ashy pale. "Where 1" he demanded, in a strange and ter- rible voice. "At Dunhelm Castle, Shropshire. Miss Winter was governess there." . "In whose family ?" "Lord Dark wood !" Squire Markham gave utterance to a groan that was half an imprecation. He seemed amazed ana stupefied. "The girl in Ids house !" he muttered. " Heavens! what a fatality 1" He arose and walked to and fro restlessly, re- gardless of Iris wondering visitor. His rugged features worked in maingular and mighty agitation. His soul, that had seemed so lon', torpid and frozen, was now like a wild sea lashedteo a hurricane. For some minutes he was oblivious of Lord Chilton presence; but at last ho came to himself with a start and halted, leaning against a tall-hacked chair, his features working strangely. "Pardon me, my lord," he said, in a broken voice, while his burning eyes omitted a strange ,gleaming•l "I—the name you uttered is the name of a man hate. And the girl was in his house?" " Yes, she has been an inmate of Danholm Castle

for several months: The squire leaned more heavily upon the chair. " Did—did he know who she Wits?" he asked, almost in a whisper. ; "Ho knew her as Miss Myner; not as Miss Winter ,0 answered the young viscount, beginning to thini:his host of unsound mind, and growing uncomfortable. are sure that he did not suspect her iettl identity?" demanded the squire, still in that hollovt • ,whispering tone: "Quite sure. How could he suspect?" "How came she under his roof ?" "Ho advertised for a governess, and Mos Winter, answered his notice—answered it as M 153 Myner." • " What a fatidity !" :again muttered the ela squire. There is a providence in these things Strange—strange !" He ,moved • unevenly towards his guest, mid drepßed: heavily into the chair he lied before occupied. " My lord," he said, after a brief pause, "this girl has sense, it seems, or she has another lover. .She is not a suitable match for you, and I advise you to let her go. I cannot assiiit; you in your search for her.- I Uot believe my servants knot', where she is." • " Then I will not intrude upon you any longer,”`

sir." "-Stay!" said the squire, arousing himself by a painful effort. "I have a question to ask ra- in your letter. you gave your address as Beech- mont, the property .of Miss Norreys. Who is Miss Norreys ?" " The dangliter of the late General Norreys. who died a year or two ago in India. She is great heiress, very beautiful, very noble, verY lovely." "her firstname." , " Sicily " • "Sicily Norreys ! It is as I suspected. She PI my niece by marriage. Her father, the late General Norreys, was the brother of my dear dead wife," said the squire, "She visited at Lonemoev in her childhood. I remember her well, a lovely little girl, who was very fond of me and of my • wife. I should like to see her." She has taken up her permanent residence at Beechment, said Lord Chilton, surprised at the relationship between the lovely lady of Beechmont and the grim proprietor of Lonemoor. "She has many friends, hut I did not know that she had toil • connections, in England " - "She would not be likely to speak of me, yet she was very fond of me once, and might have writteng to me announcing her return. Perhaps she thinu me still abroad? lam a lonely, childless old man, my lord. I intend soon to leave this country fef, ever. etore Igo I will see Miss Norreys, and, I like her as well as formerly, I will make my in her favour. It is singular that she should have established herself in a home of her own, since sh° is not married. And it is singular that she is 11(4 married, with all her wealth and beauty." "It is not too late," said Lord Chilton, rising - "Miss Norreys is still young ; and there is a repol6 that she is now betrothed," he added. a She WO - made a conquest since her arrival in Shropshire, ; and is likely to be married soon." The viscount had received this statement from Lord Dark wood himself upon the day of the vial° to the castle ruins. The marquis had been eager to proclaim an engagement between himself and Mia? Norreys, but had dared to do so only to Lord Chilton, of whose attention to Miss Norreys he was jealous. "Indeed," said the squire; "who is the eg ntle- ntan she is to marry?' "Lord Darkwood." Agair Squire Markham's face grew ashen. "Lord Darkwood I" he repeated huskily. deuce!"

He seemed literally stunned. Lord Chilton delayed his departure, not Wall to break in upon his stupor with adieus. But presently the old man roused himself, a, ,7 stood up, grim and stern as before, and ea"" hoarsely— l"sltrbaenggeyonuerwPsatrdo.odnay, yllo arnd. Yo t u think. I beg that you will not repeat to .1411: Norreys wha I have said to you concerning' 1.4'1; Darkwood. I will see her myself. I have that ,ul' tell her that will put a stop to her marriago2Lie7 him, even did she love him, which I doubt. noqubiatev e me my me she hears my story she will throw Win asido like worn-cut glove, lam making my final prepara 'Nu tifeo7: for departure. In the course of a few days, ,- • they are completed, I will visit Beechmont ankr Miss Norreye on my way to the Continenh do. not tell her this." • „.

"I will not." • "re "I wish to take her by surprise," said the sqult, wearily. "Do not mention my name to Lord t; wood. And now, my lord, to satisfy your deu"„t of my old servants, I will question them in r" • presence." He rang the bell and sent for the housekeePer and butler. When the pair appeared the squire, them to inform. Lord Chilton of Miss Winter whereabouts, if they themselves were aware of 1.... " We don't know, sir," declared the butlert "Miss Gwen went to London, and the Myner's go liar a situation as governess and companion to:„,' - lord's daughter in Shropshire, and Miss Clwe there known there as Miss Myner.. She 113 A be"e for months, and never told us that she intended t a ' leave that place. We did not know that she ty no left it until' Lord Chilton told us. We have n 0— heard from Miss Gwen for a fortnight." The housekeeper corroborated this stet erne,o,t;,eo That they told the truth was apparent. " Lord Chilton was convinced of their honesty al sincerity, and his heart was very beavY as„ 15A thanked the squire and took his leave. Gwe" ell not been heard of, or from, by her friends int,"nat or here. Where could she be? She had left rees,ea her clothing at Dunholm Castle, had net Co bet her last quarter's salary, and the myslerY °f departure was very dark to the viscount. gore . Ile drove back to Penistone, and made an e to find there the detective officer who NYS in tracing out the history of the unfortunate wa""00 who had perished so miserably many year 3 Igfone • the Lone Moor, and, who was buried in Pe.,"'sn churchyard. The detective officer had °cc.— irr Penistone, as he well knew, and pursued 'Twee vestigations very secretly and thoroughlY, a° Oil- lodging at the new Rose and. Crown. Lord ton drove thither and in M quired for r. Craft .1-,_70 landlord informed him that Mr. Craft had Vor ,to Manchester, and might be absent one d 4 several. Lord There was no tse in waiting to sec him. Chilton cared very little for Gwen's paren.tageiere his present anxiety about Gwen herself. rtrsill • a note for the inspector, and took the Ors4erclit southward, hurrying back with all speed r" • Shropshire, tholioe* " I may hear the news of her there,"he ,IsrY "She may have sent for her box and tl due to her. Miss Norrey's agent way covered her. lam impatient to he back toaceatly mont and Dunholm Castle. If she is 10t W° found, we will begin anew at the begineing.._ bee will•inaugurate a search that must result discovery. Where is she, my poor -little 1 Where is she t" (To be cont;nicArr). . . •

===== 0002601_18930826_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
DANOEUS OF TRAVEL.

The dangers incidental to travelling seem to be in- "easing rather than diminishing. Almost daily it is tour painful duty to record appalling deaths, on land and aea, and it would almost seem as if the progress we are SUPP.osed to have made in scientific appliances, in place minimizing, enhances the chances of danger. But on Inore careful consideration we find it is not so much that science is at fault as that men are careless. Carelessness is the actual cause of a great percentage ;),1! the most terrible catastrophes and deaths, and as lig as responsible persons ignore this fact the present death-rate will continue. To permit the kidneys to rot Iway. or to suffer limestone deposits to accumulate in tt he bladder, is criminal carelessness, especially when a tt.lre and safe cure is obtainable. Mr. H. Collier, come- ofn Birkenhead, says For the past two years I Qe been troubled with pains in the back and kidneys, Ich Interfered greatly with my profession, and having la'!en dtfferent medicines without receiving the slightest "ha, I was advised to try Warner's Safe Cure.- After :ne bottle I felt much better, and, continuing it for e time, I am now perfectly restored to health." "s goes to prove that the elements of danger surround CS Whether at liv we or abroad.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
EMPLOYERS' LIA BI LIT Y.

IMPORTANCE OF NEW BILL.

"'SLIT DO-PHILANTHROPIC MUTUAL INSURANCE. Mr. John Burns, M.y., writing in the "Sun' "Os t—Of all the Acts of Parliament introduced this Session which fatal prolixity,playing the game ef Vested intereste, has prevented from passing into % lawMone exceeds in direct importance to the actUal Workers the Employers Liability Bill. - Its chief Merit is that it is non-permissive, and does not recognise is.lsY privileged exception to a law that to succeed must , alai at preventing accidents rather that providing com- !sensation for the victims of disablement. This is as it m'cluld be in the interests of the community, which has treater concern in a good Bid airnibg at the diminution , gr al th ccidents than either employers or workmen, because e end—and sooner than Later—an injured man or "'"•„,.!tlePendants, even when compensated, tails upon thel es, and becomes a non-combatant in the army of —ur, and a burden upon his fellows. The community in it a OWII defence must prevent the avarice of wealthy • ul,Panies making profit out of preventable accidents, must stop ignorantly selfish men from being tempor- V'"y deluded into accepting nominally beneficial condi- stuns that to the workers as a class and to the nation are permanently harmful. The chief point of interest in the present Bill is co Whether or not the pernicious system of contracting out :will be allowed. I hope that it will be prohibiteA. If it ltar,a,,linwea it will be against the overwhelming wishea of ftl7,kie unionims and all who know the conditions of and the best way of improving them. +Lie Bill seeks o}n pose •pOSe liability for accidents. Is this a rod or not? If good, why give pbwers of exemption ort°,..tra t ? lied if exemption is to be given on the grounds r• 'emicany and expediency why give it to the wealthy iloPiterscinal corporations that have neither a body to be witted "or a soul to be damned, which, as compared strinl the small direct employer, should receive more Zogent treatment. There is only one reason why this _ntracting out has received attention, and that .is Ztaltse tlae railways by earliamentary pressure, official _ lmidation of their men, and logrolling exercise a floWer in the Rouse of Corarnoas that must be defeated If justice is to be given to the railway worker. Abolish co_ntracting out altogether, and, if it is possible,diminish eussr Prevent all kinds of insurance, through which s'fPloYers' neglect is fostered, responsibility decreased, i "ucl workmen's carelessness is encouraged. ca•leers ov MUTUAL INALTRANCE KHMERS. ...I'.e!sre! however, we examine the evils of contracting lt will be well to deal with the pseudo-philanthropic "facter of the mutual insurance schemes that I. hope ssi" Ise destroyed by the Bill What is the real object of the. companies in organising them? Their real and r 44 • ?nary 'fleet is to damage the influence of trades theon m s and not to benefit the men. This is proved by foaet.that in districts and cbmpanies where contract. 41S ut is not-demanded, the accrilents and deaths areIs 7" ^__loreed.ls smaller and unionism is stronger than where it the-majority of cases, certainly in the -"e of the London.and North-Western Railway the in- ce Ploy societies were started long before the first Ern- tsevirs'..Liability Bill was passed, the object being then elites to alienate therail way workers from the working- by ti,rnovement and trades liaising. This is borne out tls th•e fact that out of a deputation of 16 railway men savoue House of Commons from one of the companies in asivilar..ol contracting out not one belonged to a union. tOlOl why is this brought about? Compel the me n With tssirit benefit accident and other funds connected 04e oe railway. cost of this to men with low , BiS So great that they cannot afford to pay to rail. povetitsenevolent societies, and trade unions as well. jag thr li'°°uPled with the paramount necessity of retain- of m emPloyment, thus keeps the outside the pale afford ron.t trade unionism simply because they cannot g I anisat• run both, the result being defective union or. tow te fts, which always ends in long hours, accidents, • !as s_ "'ages, and fewer men employed—all to the profit of • llsPany and detriment of the men. ta'ha run L. AND N-w. SOCIETIES. --4‘1,000 "td• -11-W. Railway Company does not give to Pro s Per annumlor nothing. This la a premium paid atriks,,lrirt litigation, agitation-' larger compensation,and retoaehl a. besonetoierntet why yurs and higher wages. If they are not pay their men sufficient wages troasa_bie, them to join the great friendly societies and both f"mons gait can afford to give them better terms tie ISickness, accident, and death than the railway ~--isrs, with smaller constituencies, can? If time Conan.- 'rained Panes into law, the L. and N.W. ftelicraY t-i°ll..:::lll3"venilwitilalythte.eoither to pay £60,000 for compensa- rotiet get more when injured than now, xtsegrteeteary. admits, and as Targe an amount in wages rnannign it is alsihou ari in order to diminish accidents, because,ausre. theref , now profitable to kill men through eo de ago Under the Bill it will be too expensive, and kusw°re more men will be required. This the company ' Aye 'andti the £20,000 is a wise investment to save in prese Tes as much for wages With good employers the or "inPulaory Bill means setting their works in 441n5 'Ying heavily for accidents brought about by %tun aettetiF their ci'mer3r. overwork, or neglect. They will choose housein order, because that will pay. Con- Doleo;lg,tult will give to the railway companies the their 01 continuing for profit the present slaughter of • 45%1(1411°t?l, and injury of their passengers, and The y °very precaution that the Bill would impose. eosti Must he forced to do as others will be; it will be ttiees's bat firSt, but is necessary and inevitable. The to she•"egulation Act, defective though it is, has added thou silarety of the miners' calling. What would be its l tti o? hg"ratt of a rich colliery owner seeking exemption fromLiitowyould be scouted, as should this at- -4 anies 141146-tttegantteMaUtB tifradall comp to get exceptional treat- "V • would be demanded by every e, using sAa ption from the Att. the railways as a precedent, for Mr m AN ANSWER Ti) MM. MCLAREN, M.P. cLaren asks 119 if we wished to destroy the Mutual Insurance Societies, I personally say s•-i.! arid the sooner the better, for the following reas 2. r_eTha men or, not manage them as they should do. Y do not give the men the same value as they dation"! elsewhere. 3. They lead to espionage, intim'. fcrisisVarouritism, and trawling. 4. They are adore- 'wages agrncies for indiseing the men to submit to low The °Mg hours' and demoralising conditions. 5. sis4tinflndoly fetterthe asen's action on purely industrial °aloe 04,18 I !'3' Preventing bin, getting at the res.l money atte ' ns work. 6, Their chief object is to divert the otad siArlof the men from the real souse of accidents a5l•-""!1°,8s. namely • tong hours, overwork, underman- -11:4, ° Ye wages'' 7, They are planks of the rail. '"Jourra"TlY's platform strewn with treacle to catch s▪ ocieths:c.!. 8. They interfere with men joining friendly ar,tri-o" "'rough wliich they could get legal assistance sgenei re pecuniary help. 9. They are union smashing i g thries"tei.!•,. 10. They are contrary to the spirit of h teWarderlYs all against labour having its services and .4 eMoluments and privileges instead of a just . • tract ir money value. 11. The men who wish to con relativc`t't: are those sections of mem who now enjoy itrununity from accidents, and not the shunters, 12. iji"leni platelayers, and other dangerous sections. the railway unions are against them. _n, PREVENTING DEATH AND ACCIDENT.. the Cesu,. IS' point in this controversy With Mo.'s which is ttlaie3in' way of saving the loss of human life h bautua,g of men who have to linger on. If insurance, I 4111 fo' or otherwise, will secure this better than the Bill it• But insurance of any kind does not, in my Of n 9 SeCtlre its Teal and worthy object. Insurance p InerePs leads tG overloading, because it is for owners Prineirtifitable to sink than swim. Acting upon the Jile that three fires and a bankruptcy is the best arlee as 2 ")4Ee mowy, many tradesmen resort to insuie r i- ,rdioarsm°re profitable than plying their business in t "en as ',WaY• So with the railways. Just in pror. Pallia„"Y insurance the effects of accidents can Pbe touched.' will eu so the real cause of accident go un- This i erniass Prayed by the following facts. Insurance in and North-Western Rai °et o„.ne:7 has greatly increased accidents. Cont raee.ti n ot g deer," ' London Railway has have accl the number of accidents and deaths. Deaths 1892.5 en from 70 in 1889 to 87 in 1892, 14 deaths in Yes,sil? access of the average over the preceding five 1 002 accidents frem , 5 822 in 1889 to 6. 917 in 1892, or v - tnenutore than in 1889, allowing for increase of number ihg ercPloyed, which is counterbalanced by shorten: 4gre „ hours through union effort, and the pres ...Net-a publi ally,c opinion , and improvement of railways Con, RANGERS OF CONTRACTING OUT. hog out on their own showing, not only does , but is' a source of danger to the workmer. 'rortesein•Ce 1886, by which time the insurance societies Mon 0, ail In 1880 had got into proper order, the preen!. (ifis i 4 ', men killed had risen for 1 in 815 in 1886 to 1 in In 1E0,,4891 and Injured from 1 in 172 in 1886 to 1 in 121 v"'s What more does Mr. Melsaren want ? How

===== 0002601_18930826_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
many more of his constituents are to be.killed or injured to satisfy his moral cowardice in not telling the the real truth, and in so doing saving their bodies and incidentally getting a larger majority for proving that at least M.P.'s are not to be bought and sold as part of the L. and N.W. Railway concern? But the most conviniug proof in favour of Employer's Liability without contracting out comes from America, where, in several States—Wyoming and Wisconsin— where the Acts have been repealed, and in others a dead letter, accidents and fatblities have greatly increased. So bad is it that one union reports one out of 88 of its members killed yearly, and one in 80 killed or perman- ently injured. All this is in marked contrast with the figures in relation to mining, where contracting out of the Mines Regulation Act is not allowed, but this is marred, unfortunately, by miners being too often com- pelled to do so out of Employers' Liability. , I do not believe the Employers' Liability had much to do with the Hereford election. If it had, and contract- ing out is to be one of the issues of toe next election, that party that is in favour of it will certainly lose by it. I believe that the Government intend to stick to Bill as it stands. Is has been considerably improved in Committee. Domestic servants and Government ' workmen have been included, and other good features added. Certain it is that the workmen as a whole are not going to be jockeyed out of their rights to please the London and North-Western Railway officiais. The men are not in favour of contracting out, and I believe that if meetings were held at their districts, by a larae majority they would reject it. What the railway unions ought to do is to agitate the men upon this point, and thus save the working classes a really valuable Bill.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
A CROYDON MIRACLE.

PERSONAL NARRATIVE.-SPECIAL.

In the neat little cottage, No. 19, Cambridge-road, Thornton Heath, Croydon, lives an intelligent old lady named Mrs. Lane, at the present time close apon her sixtieth year. Mrs. Lane had during the greater part of her life enjoyed the best of health. She led an active life, and for more than six years was engaged in a laundry. Consequently when about two years ago she was stricken down with an infirmity, which at times prevented her from getting about, the blow came with. tremendous force to one who bird led such an active life and her remarkable recovery has been discussed very freely in the district in which she resides. The other day a reporter called upon Mrs. Lane, and found her preparing the afternoon meal. As soon as Mrs. Lane gathered the purpose of the newspaper man's visit, her face brightened up, and she at once started to tell the story of her illness and her recovery. She said it waa , over two years ago, when she first experienced sharp,' catchy pains in her back, and at the back of her neck. These gradually grew worse, until she became partially paralysed, and it was with extreme difficulty that she was able to move about. Frequently it was more than she could do to crawl about the house, and her life be- came miserable. The pain kept her awake at night, and being deprived of her proper amount of rest the was unable to perform her household duties by day, and the worry, added to the pain, caused her to grow thin- ner and thinner. All sorts of remedies where recom- mended by her friends. A doctor was called in, and his verdict was that she was suffering from a weak heart: The medical man prescribed for her, but the medi- cine did her no good, and the pain continued. Still persevering she continued to try all the reMedies sug- gested to her, and swallowed all sorts of syrups and tonics without relief. She also.procUrcd an electric belt but the pain went on, the restless nights continued, and she despaired of ever regaining her former health and strength. The pun extended to, all parts of her hack, shoulders, and neck, and was so severe at times as to be almost insupportable. About a month ago her husband drew her attention to a similar case which had been cured by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, of which he had happened to read in a weekly paper. Mrs. Lane read the account for herself, and was then persuaded by her husband to try the pills. Mr. Lane had not far to go for the remedy which was subsequently to prove so valuable. At the bottom of the road in which the Lane's reside is the shop of Mr. Pierce: and here Me Lane was at once enabled to precure a box of the cele- brated Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. As usual in these cases Mrs. Lane was not over sanguine. She had suffered so much and tried so many remedies that it seemed to her scarcely less than miraculous that her ailment could be cured, or even, the pain be eased. Yet, yielding to the kindly persuasion of her husband, she centinued to ttke one of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills after each meal. At the end cf five days she began to experience a decided relief from pain. There were no longer the sharp shootings in her shoulders, and the acuteness of her suffering was materially diminished: She was able to rest fairly well at night, and her general health and spirits improved. Thus encouraged, more visits had to be made" to the chemist's shop, more pills were taken, and in about three weeks' time the pains had almost entirely dis- appeared. She was enabled to resume her work in the house, and to continue to enjoy life which was for so long a time rendered miserable. Once when a child she suffered from rheumatisig, and to this common corn plaint she is inclined to 'attribute her suffering. But whatever her complaint may have been, she is perfectly certain that the relief came from Dr. William's Pink Pills and she is naturally very grateful. She is confident that the cure will prove permanent, and she continues to take the pills in that firm belief. Mrs. Lane cheerfully remarked, at the conclusion of the interview, that she had lived over forty years in the neighbourhood of Thornton Heath, and now that she had got over the most serious trouble of her existence—thanks to Dr. William's Pink Pills—she hoped to remain to enjoy life for a considerable number of years to come. This case confirms the evidence which is accuieulating on every hand, to show that Dr. Williams' Fink Pills for Pale People are one of the greatest modern mediclnes—a perfect blood builder and nerve restorer, curing such diseases as rheumatism, neuralgia, partial paralysis, loccmotor ataxy, St. Vitus' dance, nervous headache, nervous prostration, and the tired feeling resulting there- from, diseases depending upon humours in the blood, such as scrofula, chronic erysipelas, &c. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are net a purgative medicine. They restore pale and sallow complexions to the glow of health, and are a specific for all the troubles peculiar to the female ' sex, while in the case of men they effect a radical cure , in all cases arising from mental worry, over-work or ex- cesses of whatever nature. These Pills may be obtained of all:chemists, or direct by post from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., of 48, Hol- born Viaduct, London, England (and of Brockville, On- tario, Canada, and Schenectady, New York). They are sold only in boxes bearing the firm's trado mark and wrapper at 2s. 9d. a box, or six boxes for 133. 9d. A descriptive pamphlet sent free by post on application. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People are never sold in bulk, or by the dozen or hundred, and any dealer who offers substitutes in this form is trying to defraud yeti, and should be avoided. Aa, your dealer for Dr. Wit. llama' Pink Pills for. Pale People, and refuse all imitations and substitutes. The price at which these pills are sold makes a course of treatment comparatively inexpensive as compared with other remedies or medical treatment. —Croydon Advertiser, July 22.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
EDISON AS A BOY.

Edison displayed an inventive imagination even in his earliest years, if we• are to believe the story told of him by a writer in St. Nicholas. Astonished at the result of a rose sitting on a nest of eggs, the inventor thought to increase the brood by a device of his own. One day the boy was missed from his usual haunts. Messengers were sent in search of him, and found him curled up in a nest he had made in the barn. It was filled with goose and hen eggs, upon which he was sitting, trying to hatch them. Edison was more successful in another youthful experiment which he made. His wanderings brought him at 17 years of age to the Cincinnati office of the Western Union, where his absorption in electricity and predictions of its future power confirmed the Sobeiguet "Luny," which clime- to him even until his fame was established. "We halee the craziest chap in our offices," said the telegraph manager to the Cincin- nati editor : "lie tries all sorts of queer things. I w3uldn't be surprised if he should be great some day. Let me tell you his last prank. We had been annoyed for some time by cockroaches They infested the sink. They don't now. Luny ' fixed them. Flejust ran two parallel wires round the sink, and charged one with ' negative and the other with positive electricity ; bread crumbs where then scattered, and when Mr. Cockroach appeared and put his little feet on thc: wires, ashes were all that were left to tall the tale."

===== 0002601_18930826_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
avrimrss vo,, • Or's',...es '44 ;Uil

===== 0002601_18930826_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
A WARRINGTON DOMESTIC SERVANT'S

CHILD. ALLEGED DEATII FROlf STARVATION.

AN ADJOURNED INQUE§T

Mr. S. Brighouse, coroner, opened an inquiry on Tuesday, in the Parade Room at the Police Station, into the circumstances attending the death of Joseph William Pilkington, the son of an unmarried* woman named Martha Pilkington. The Conner said he did not think the inquest would be finished that morning, as he would have to leave at 11 48 to hold other inquiries; but the most important matter the jury would kave to decide was whether the mother had had anything to do with the death of the child by neglect. Addressing the mother, he informed her that she must listen to the evidence, and As would be entitled to ask the witnesses any questions she thought necessary. Emily Jones. ii, Dial-st., wife of Isaac Jones, said she I knew Miss Pilkingten, who was a domestic servant. The mother brought the child to her on the sth August (Saturday). Witness believed she had been recom- mended by someone to the mother. 'the child was very clean, and had changes of clothing ; but it was very thin. It weuld be about six months old. The mother told her that if she would take care of it she would give her 35. 6d. the first week and Is. each week afterwards if she did well for it. The mother seemed to have an affec- tion for her little one, and on one occasion knelt by it as it lay in the cradle. Witness kept the child until the following Tuesday, the Bth inst., when she took it to Dr. Jack, as it would not take its food. He asked her to go for a bottle in which to put some medicine, but witness could not afford to pay for it. He told her that there was "every danger" with regard to the child. Witness on the Tuesday morning went to the mother, and told her that her husband would not allow her to keep the child any longer, and that she (the mother) must have it back again. While the child was' with witness she fed it with milk. The mother had informed her that the de- ceased had suffered from diarrhcea and a cough. It was not a hungry child. The Mother: When the child was brought to me I did not know it. It had no pinafore on, and I was ashamed te show it to anyone. I gave the witness a good scolding. The Coroner : You are making your case a good deal worse by making these statements. The witness says the child was clean in its body, and had clean clothes, but that it was very thin. Ellen Frangleten, 11, Scott-st., said she was present when the last witness returned the child to its mother. Seeing that it was in bad condition she said "I will take the baby and be a mother to it." Witness had eleven children of her own. Witness took it home. Afterwards she went with it to Dr. Jack's surgery: The doctor, however, was from home. She called at Dr. Peacocke's house, but he was from home. He called at witness's house, however, the next morning and saw the child. He asked her what she was doing with a dying child. He said he would have nothing to do with it. Witness kept the child until it died on Saturday morning last. She dld- not ask for any pay from the mother for keep- ing and looking after the child: She took it out of kind- ness. The Coroner : It was very good of you to do so. In answer to Mr. Brighouse. witness said the mother came to see the deceased almost every night. She "seemed as if she could eat the baby." She was cer- tainly upset about its illness. Dr. Jack said be had been consulted three times at his house with regard to the deceased, once by Mrs. Jones and twice by the mother. He had male a post-mortem examination of the body of the deceased. The child when exposed was greatly decomposed, the result of the phenomenal weather. It was greatly emaciated, its appearance being that of a skeleton. Its weight was 41:b.and its length 10i inches. Its head was first estam- Med, and on removal of the vault of the skull, both the brain and its membranes were found perfectly healthy. Subsequently the lungs were examined, and no disease was found in them. The heart was pale, and on both sides empty of blood. The stomach contained about one tablespoonful of liquid, and such other organs as admitted of examination showed no signs of disease. There was not a single trace of fat on the whole body, and in the absence of any marbid evidence, and the existence of degeneration everywhere, he could only conclude that the deceased child had been neglected and starved, and that its death was referable to these causes. The Coroner : I can quite understand that this is the result of the post-mortem, but now wo have heard other evidence—you have heard the evidence of Mrs. Jones and the last witness. The best of children are subject with every care to waste away.. Dr. Jack : That is so, but I cannot imagine a child getting into such a woeful condition. The milk may have been supplied, but whether the phild got it is another thing. The Coroner : But according to Mrs. Jones, the child could not take the milk. Dr. Jack : I think it could. The Coroner: Having heard the evidence, does it help you to modify your opinion ? Dr. Jack : No I think that the child was neglected. I do not blame the mother; she was very anxious about the child, but she had to earn her living. She was a servant. The Coroner: You think, after the evidence, that the child was starved? Dr. Jack: I think so. I cannot imagine such emaciation without something in the way of starvation. The Coroner: In a child of tender years, excess of food is as injurious as want of food ? Dr. Jack: Yes. The Coroner : It often brings on mal-nutrition, and then the child wastes away. Dr. Jack: Yes, but this child was very much less in weight by six or seven ounces than when it was born, and there was no disease. By the jury : If its dietary was carefully regulated it would have a chance -of getting round. When the second witness got the child, he thought it was past hope. The Coroner said he did net know whether the jury would be doing their duty to come to a decision one way or another, after the evidence of Dr. Jack. He thsught it would be better te adjourn the inquiry, and enable the police to continue their investigations, and ascertain the history of the child from its birth. Accord- ing to Dr. Jack—if there was any neglect, it was pre- vious to the time it was entrusted to Mrs. Jones. Dr. Jack: Mrs. Jones,brought it to my house in a very filthy condition. The Coroner, continuing, said first of all they must see, on the ground of public policy, that everything was inquired MO as against the mother, to see that she did her duty. Then on the other hand, they must not blame her until the Charge was successfully proved. The inquiry was then adjourned for a week.

ASSAULTS ON THE POLICE AT WARRINGTON.

At the Warrington Borough Court on Monday, John Connor, of Widues, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Parker-st., on Saturday, and also with assaulting P:C. Roper, and John Chetwin. P.C. Roper said at 6 40 ho saw the defendant at Bank Quay station. He assaulted the ticket collector, and he was ejected from the station. Be (witness) requested him to go with his friends, but instead of doing so he kicked wit- ness on the leg. On being brought to the police station, three of the prisoner's friends came to his assistance in Museum-st., and a man named Chetwin came to his (witness') assistance. Prisoner kicked him in the eye, and also struck two porters. John Chetwin employed on the Land N W Railway said that prisoner was very rough when the constable was taking him to the police station, Be (witness) went to the constable's assistance and in the scuffle that ensued with the prisoner and his friends he was kicked on the legs andhands. The magis- trates fined prisoner 10s. and costs or 14 days. William Ellis was charged with being drunk and dis- orderly in Pinners-brow, and also with assaulting P.C-'s Bell and Newey on Saturday night. • P.C. Bell said at 11-30 on Saturday night he was, in company with P C. Newey. They went to Town's-end and found the pris- oner wanting to fight, and creating a disturbance. On going up to the prisoner. he said " I have done three months for you, and I would as soon knife you as look at you." Two or three hundred people gathered round, and the prisoner kicked him and P.C. Newey on' the legs and they were struck In the ribs with sticks by the crowd, and pushed to the ground. Two soldiers from the barracks came to their assistance. P.C. Newey cor- roborated and said the prisoner was exciting the crowd to help him. The Chief Constable s.tid the prisoner would not have assaulted the police had there not been a number of people about. Be was as had a lad as there was in Warrington. The prisoner said he only came into the town on Saturday—The chairman : We will send you out of the town again for three months hard labour. • John Lawrer, who said he came from Standish,Wigan was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Knuts- ford-road, and also with assaulting P.C. Forster in the execution of his duty. P.O. Forster said he found the prisoner very drunk opposite the post office, Latchford, and on speaking to him the prisoner hit him several times on the body. Prisoner was fined ss. and costs or seven days' imprisonment. John Knight employed on the Ship Canal was charged at the Borough Court OR Wednesday with being drunk and disorderly in Wilderspool-road on Tuesday evening, and also with assaulting P.C. Evans at the same time and place. P.C. Evans said he was on Warrington Bridge at 7.30 when he saw the defendant in Wilders- pool-road. He saw him go to an old man and knock Welt° the ground twice. On being brought to the police station he assaulted the officer. Mr. Adams, em- ploved at the Gas Works came to hls assistance. Prisoner was fined ss. and costs. or 7 days for being drunk, and 10s. and costs, or 14 days for the as- sault.—J O'Leary was charged with being drunk and assaulting P.C. Turner. and Mr. J F. Dixon, in Mersey- street. The prisoner kicked the officer on the head and broke his " snaps " and whistle, and also bit a piece out of his finger. He also kicked Mr. Dixon. Prisoner was fined I.os. costs, or 14 days. RUPTURE CURED.—S. J. MERMAN, Hernia Specialist, 64, Chancery-lane London. sends Ids book on rupture post free. Branch Chambers, 26, King-,t.. Manchaster,—Advt.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_18930826_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
111 E EXAMINER, SATURDAY, AUGUST 26. 1893. IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT. -1 THE COAL TRADE CRISIS.

MONDAY.

~Drthe House of Commons ow Monday" after questions, the twelve o'clock kule 'was suspinded, and Mr. GLAD- STONE proposed his motion for the closing of the report stage of the Home Rule Bill at eleven o'clock next Friday night. The bill, he Said. would then have been under discussion for seventy-nine days, without any reference to the third reading, and it bad taken up nearly double the time occupied by any other measure ever brourtht before Parliament. He did not wish to censure the Opposition, but they bad taken a very unusual course. Now the Government were obviously called upon to act. tA vast question was undoubtedly raised by the provisions of the Home Rule Bill, but out- side these provisions there was a question still more important—whether a minority of the House of Commons, even though large and powerful, could legitimately increase the discussion of a bill by the augmentation of the bulk of the bill and the amendments as apart from the simple discussion of the merits. No fewer than forty days had been consumed by Opposition speeches, and he held that his motion was absolutely necessary to secure in real and constitutional shape the liberty and the efficacy Of Parliamentary discussion. Mr. J. CHAMBERLAIN moved an amendment to the effect that the House declined to accept the Government pro- posal, inasmuch as it was dictated 'by motives of party expediency and deprived the British majority in that House of its constitutional right of discussion. He said Mr. Gladstone'a next step would be to propose the closure in Supply, and they had already legislation by gag substituted for legislation by discussion. There was, he maintained, no necessity to pass the bill this session. Once passed it would be irrevocable. They could not repeal it except at the risk of civil war. On his honour there never had been any Intention to kill the bill by time. They had tried to kill it by argument. and the opposition had had the best of the argument. The Government dared not stand on the measure they had introduced. In fact they knew that no one except the Prime Minister and Mr. John Morley believed in the bill, and if the Government went to the country to-day they would meet with overwhelming defeat. This last act of the Premier's crowned his other acts, for it would destmy an empire. They appealed to the country against his political dictatorship, by which the House of ICommons had been insulted and degraded. Mr. S. Whitbread, replying to Mr. Chamberlain, said he was like a child crying for the MOOD, and would never be ' satisfied until he brought in a Home Rule Bill himself. Mr. HOSCHEN, Mr. T. D. SULLIVAN, and other members continued the debate. After Sir WlLLreat HARCOURT had spoken the House devided, and Mr. Chamberlain's amendment was rejected by 200 votes to 162, a Govern- ment majority of 38. Mr. Gladstone' mot ion for the adoption of the closure was agreed to, and the RODEO adjourned at half-past twelve o'clock.

MINERS' CONFERENCE.

An important Conference. of The -iiitionat Miners' Federation to consider what action should be taken with reference to the great stoppage commenced in L ,ndon on Tuesday. At the outset of the proceedings delegates from Durham were present, but it was pointed out that the Durham Federation had refused to carry out the re- solution passed at the last Birmingham Conferenee, and the delegates were expelled. The resolution they were said to have ignored was to the effect that in the dis- tricts where reductions of wages had boen mlde the local Federation should take a ballot within fourteen days with a view to giving notice for an advance of wages equal to the reductions suffered during the pre- ceding two years. • The resolution also provided that any district failing to comply with the resolution should not be considered members of the National Federation. The afternoon was occupied in receiving reports from districts.

The delegates of the National Miners' Federation re- sumed their deliberations in London on Wednesday. They unanimously decided not to accept any reduction in wages. A resolution pledging the men to resume work at one, on condition that the coalowners should with- draw their notice for the 25 per cent, reduction in wages, and not to ask for an advance in wages until prices reach the level of 1890, was also passed. It was further resolved that no pit in the Federation bhould be allowed to work until a general settlement was made for all to commence at one and the same time. The position ot the Durham miners was considered, and the Conference, after expressing the belief that the miners of that county bad not bad the principles of the Federa- tion or the benefit which would accrue from united ac- tion thoroughly placed before them, decided to send representatives into Northumberland and Durham to explain to such branches as asked for their services the present position of the wages question. The Conference also offered to co-operate with those coalowners who desire to put a stop to the baneful system of underselling which prevailed among coalowners. The Conference was then adjourned, on the uneerstanding that the delegates should be called together again" when neces- sary." THE FEELING AT ST. HELENS.

The decision of the Miners' Federation having failed to alter the situation in the slightest degree, interest will be centred upon a meeting of the coalowners which is to be held at the Westminster Palace Hotel, London, at three o'clock on Tuesday next, at which the resolutions of the federation will be considered. There is considerable local disappointment at the result of the conference, it having been hoped that a conciliatory spirit would have ruled, and that some offer of arbitration or a suggested compromise would have been made. Although it is not yet known what resolution may be submitted at the coalowners' meeting, so far as we can ascertain through- out St. Helens, the employers cannot see their way to withdrew the notice of a 25 per cent, reduction, and are as earnest today as they were six weeks ago in contend- ing that the state of trade warrants a still greater reduc- tion. The stocks throughout St. Helens and Haydock are almost cleared away, and if the men were allowed to resume.work at the old rates, the masters say precisely the same stste,of things would reign. To attempt to stop prices going down would be impossible, but when trade generally revives prices would go up again, and then the miners would in all probability get back what they had for the time beinglost. EHORT TIME IN ST. HELENS WORKS. At various works in the St. Hekns district the coal supply is running short, and more men are in fear of a stoppage. On the London and North-Western Railway the drivers, firemen, and others in the locomotive de- partment are on short-time. There are nineteen engines , idle in the Sutton sheds, and the company have arranged for a division of work among the men—passenger and goods—so that an average of about four days a week is being made. ST. HELENS MINERS AND RELIEF. At a meeting of the committee of the St. Helens Charity Organisation Society, on Tuesday, the question of giving relief to the families of miners who are on strike was discussed. It was pointed out. that the society existed for the purpose of relieving distress which had come upon persons through no fault of their own, and, considering this and the limited amount of funds at the disposal of the committee, it was decided that assistance could not be given except, as at present, in cases of an extreme nature.

On Wednesday the committee for providing hot-pot dinners to the children of St. Helens miners were enabled to givc sufficient for 500 children. The Corporation boiler in the market and one in the backyard of Mr. Fishwick, Bridge-street, were utilised, and into these the ingredients placed were 931bs. of beef and mutton, four hampers of potatoes, and one score and a half of onions. These were mixed together, and at noon women and children brought vessels of various descriptions, from tin-cans and stone jars to buckets, to the place. In some of these hotpot sufficient for seven, eight, and nine In a family was placed. On Wednesday afternoon, a boiler of soup was. made and distributed to 250 more persons, making a total provision for 750. Mr. Glover, M.P., miners' agent, St. Helens, who at- tended the federation meeting in London, states that not more than one-sixth of the employers had openly intimated that they would not allow the men to resume on the old rates, consequently the federation decided unanimously to continue the strike. The feeling, how- ever, prevailed that a larger number of employers were willing to withdraw the notice of reduction ; but it was a question of honour among the coalowners and could only be settled at the coming meeting of owners. The but offered by the masters is not to ask for an advance until the 1890 prices for coal are again reached. The St. Helens Bottlemalters' Trade Protec'inn Association have made a grant of £5O to the Miners' Relief Fund. The Liverpool Plumbers' Society has sent £3O. Three hun- dred and twelve dinners, three quarters of a ton of fish, and soup for 400 people has been distributed.

_ HLYDOCK MINERS COLLECTING PROVISIONS. On Wednesday the flapjack miners, with a horse and cart; were going the round of provision shops at St. Helens collecting loaves of bread and other provisions which were being given them by tradespeople.

PREsCOT GUARDIANS AND THE STRIKE. After the ordinary business of the Prescot Board of Guardians, on Thursday, the members in private con- sidered the question of making provision to meet any exceptional distress in the union. A rosolution was proposed that if colliers or other able-bodied men applied they should be offered " the house "—that is to sty, they should go daily to the house and perform a task from nine to five o'clock, for which they should receive in addition to food while there a sum of 23. per week for themselves. 23. for their wives, and is. per head for the children. The resolution was carried. THE SCOTCH MINERS. _

The West of Scotland coalmasters on Wednesday conceded an advance of a stiilling per day to the men they employ. To compensate themselves the coal- masters have given notice that the price of house coal will be advanced from is. to 2s. per ton.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
TUESDAY.

In the House of Commons on Tuesday, a number of questions were put in regard to the action of the author- iris in sending the military to quell any disturbance that might arise among the Welsh miners. Mr. Atoaerrs said he could not hold out much hope as to the appoint- ment of a Minister of Mines, but he said he should be glad to see the present barbarous method of fighting out trade disputes supergded by a well-considered system of arbitration. The Government had introduced a bill for that purpose, but had not, owing to the attitude of tne Opposition, been able to secure a second reading. The House resumed consideration of the Home Rule Bill on Mr. Morley's proposal that the Irish Parliament should not be allowed to pass any law imposing penalty or conferring privilege on persons on account of paren- tage or place of birth. Sir Joint Goasx moved an amendment that the words " or residence" be placed after the word " birth." A long debate followed an the desirability of taxing absentee landlords. Mr. MORLIIT said they did not intend to prevent the Irish Govern- ment from putting a tax on the possessors of land who did not reside in Ireland. Mr. SKXTON said Irith land- lords had for many years a way of living out of the country, but he hlwed the Home Rule Bill would reverse the process, and that they would be more content to live at home. One of the great secrets of Irish poverty was that the landlords spent some four millions of their revenue out of the country. The discussion was con- tinued by Mr. Chaplin and Mr. Goschen. Mr. GLAD- STONS said Mr. Goschen's speech was an apology tor absenteeism. Fla cordially agreed that the absentee landlords had been good landlords, but he thought Car- lyle was right when he said that cash payments were not tke only nexus between man and man. The Gov- ernment contended that the Irish Legislature was the proper body to consider whether or not it was the duty of the owners of property to reside in the country, and whether habitual residence ought to be discouraged in the form of taxation. The amendment was negatived without a division. Mr. Morley's resolution was then added to the bill as a new sub-section. After many members had spoken on the question, Mr. Morley's amendment defining the powers of the Irish Legislature with regard to local public funds was agreed to, and the House adjourned at midnight.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
In the House of Lards on Tuesday the Earl of Derby (Lord Stanley of Preston) took the oath on succeeding to the title.

WEDNESDAY.

In the House of Commons on Wednesday the consi- deration of the Home Rule Bill was resumed on Mr. P. Small's amendment that the Irish Parliament should be summoned and prorogued by the Lord Lieutenant as reeresenting Her Majesty, instead of in Her Majesty's name. His object was to make the action of the Lord Lieutenant dependent on the advice of the British Cabinet. Mr. BALFOUR said he found *difficult to swal- low the Lord Lieutenant in two capacities, but accord- ing to the clause in the bill he would be an official Cer- berus with three heads at once. Mr. GLADSTONE Said Mr. Balfour seemed very Much shocked at the idea that the Lord Lieutenant would be able to act in three capa- cities, and had likened him to Cerberus barking in Dub- lin. He did not deny that the crisis or deadlock on which Mr. Balfour bad fed and entertained his imagination might occur, but his remedy was exactly the case of the physician who recommended constant phvsickingto per- sons in good health. The amendment was rejected by a majority of 44. An amendment moved by Sir H. TAMES that there should be a session of the Irish Parliament once a year was accepted. Another amendment relating to the appointment of the Lords Lieutenant of counties, and scarcely differing from the proporal in the Govern- ment bill, was accepted. During the discussion on this imendment a person in the strangers' gallery loudly ap- filauded Mr. T. Flealy's speech, and on the direction of the Speaker was excluded. Mr. T. H. Bovron moved an amendment seeking to deprive the Irish Legislature of the power of constituting the Executive Committee of the Privy Council by Irish Act. Mr. GLADSTONE spoke indignantly against the hon. member's attitude, remind- ing him that he had been returned to Parliament to sup- port the Home Rule Bill. A lively discussion followed, and Mr. Bolton, desiring to quote from his election ad- dress, was called to order by the Speaker. On the advice of Mr. Chamberlain the hon. member for North St. Pan- cras withdrew his amendment, but reluctantly; and one proposed by Mr. MORLEY was agreed to, setting forth that the Executive Committee of the Privy Council might be constituted as Her Majesty, or the Lord Lieu- tenant if authorised, thought fit, save as otherwise authorised by Irish Act. Not desiring to do Mr. Bolton any injustice, Mr. GLADSTONE withdrew the words he had uttered against him. It was intimated that Supply would be taken on. Mon- day and Tuesday, and that Wednesday had been fixed for the third reading debate on the Home Rule Bill.

THURSDAY. In the House of Commons on Thursday, several ques- tions were asked relative to national education in Ireland, particuiarlv with the object of ascertaining whether attempts had not been made to give the read- ing books a Catholic tinge. Mr. BODKIN aroused much laughter by inquiring if the curriculum did not include the works of" a certain pagan and alleged poet named Homer." Mr. John Morley explained that the reading- books had been greatly in need of revision, and that the work had been carried out with the unanimous consent of a committee composed of both Protestants and Catholics. Questions were also asked respecting the labour strutTle in South Wales. Mr. AEQUITII said the intelli- gence was now more reassuring, and the troops would be withdrawn as soon as the necessity for their presence ceased to exist. _ .

In answer to an inquiry Mr. GLADSTONE said that, considering the remarkable concurrence of opinion on the Land Transfer Bill, he thought that if it passed the second reading stage it might be referred to the Grand Committee on Law. - -

Consideration of the Home Rule Bill as amended was resumed on Lord CP,ANBORNIA amendment which sought to sharply define the L-Ird Lieutenant's action as the represeutative of the'Queen rather than of the Irish Parliament. The amendment was rejected by a major- ity of 54. Mr. HanWurv's amendment that there should be an Irish Minister holding office in the British Cabinet as a symbol of Imperial supremacy was rejected by a majority of 53. Another amendment relating to the powers of the Lord Lieutenant was rejected, and the debate was adjourned.

In the Rouse of Lords the Royal assent was given by commission to 41 public and private bills. Replying to Lord Stanley of Alderley, the Earl of Krunsamtv said it was proposed that half the cost of the Opium Commis- sion should fall on the Indian revenue and the other half on the British Treasury. Jodie was deeply inter- ested in the opium question, and that was a very good reason why her revenue should bear half the cost. Their lordships adjourned at five o'clock. The House sits again on Monday.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
MEDICAL:

A CAttll. if? EVEREND JOSEPII HOLMES' improved las Mexican Prescription, as discovered in the hot table- lands of Old Mexico, is a guaranteed cure to all those wh, tuffer from the errors and indiscretions of youth, netvous weakness, physical exhaustion, and early decay. To intro- duce it into England, the Mexican Prescription will be Bout free of charge. upon receipt of a self addressed stamped envelope. Only address: JOSEPH lioixEs Remedy Co.. Bloomsbury Mansions, Bloornabury-square, London, W.C. Mention this piper.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
THE STRIKE IN WALES.

The only definite indication of the course of events in South Wales is furnished by the report presented on Thursday to a meeting ofcoalowners' representatives, to the effect that the Association collieries now at work represent from 20 to 25 per cent, to the total number in the Association. The nurntw.r of colliers who have resumed work is estimated at 25,000. Meetings continue to be held in varilis parts of the district to advocate the adoption of different policies. The most important of the meetings held yesterday appears to have been that at Pontypridd, where a body of colliers numbering according to some estimates 10,000 and according to others 30,000 met and passed a resolution in favour of continuing the strike, and calling upon English miners not to yield pending the settlement el the dispute in Wales. At Aberdare a representative meeting of colliers from that district decided to resume work to-day, and to induce as many others as possible to do the same. The military and police forces are still fully maintained. At Mountaire A-h a body of strikers were surrounded by the police, and a man who was supposal to have fired a revolver was arrested. Everything seems to point to an early return to wcrk on the part of the colliers in South Wales. The offer of 20 per cent, of an advance has been accepted in every instance in which it has been made, and many of the men are already returning to work without awaiting the rati- fication of their action by the mass meeting of miners to be held on Thursday. The hauliers, however, still hold out and threaten to stake trouble. All was quiet in the Ebbw Vale district on Wednesday, but iii the neighbour- hood of Swansea there was considerable excitement, created by the efforts of the men who are out on strike to get the men who are working under the sliding scale to come out and join them. Eventually the mounted police had to advance in line and compel the strike hands to retire. At one point the scene was a threaten- ing one, and the Mayor of Swansea declared that if neces- sary he would read the Riot Act. The miners then dispersed.

THE MAYOR OF SWANSEA AND THE MILITARY. The Mayor of Swansea is said to be highly indignant at the military having been sent for, and complains that the other magistrates acted without consulting hire. Ile believes that shontd the striker i again attempt to visit the town the police would be able to cope with thy ns;and he would have stopped the cavalry coming had he known in time of what had been done. DURHAM AND THE FEDERATION.

A London correspondent telegraphs :—A leading labour representative who has exceptibnal knowledge of the situation informs me that the very best speakers in the labour world have been deputed to carry on a vigorous propaganda in Durham, and the Miners' Federa- tion is confident of ultimate success in inducing the whole of the Durham men to come out. The Federation is convinced that the action of the Durham men is not by any means spontaneous, and that their reported de- cision to stand aloof has been ekused by official influence alone. It is further stated that the Federation is in pog- session of information that the colliers at ten large col- leries in Durham have avowed their readiness to come out at any moment. Should this take place the Metro- politan supply of coal will be seriously curtailed. My Informant states that the situation is regarded as more grave than ever, and the determination of the Federa- tim to carry the strike on to the bitter end.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
:

===== 0002601_18930826_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
A VIEW OF THE COAL STRIKE. (BY ALDERS:IAN BEN TILLETT, IN THE " WESTSIINS MR GAZE 17E.")

• In this Titanic combat the owners have already scored so far as public opinion is concerned, inasmuch as their tactics have quite nonplussed a portion of the press, who, forming a judgment upon the supposition that the miners refuse arbitration, withdraw their sympathy, without taking the least trouble to investigate the cause. An old saying is" That to be first in the field as an in- jured party, half the battle is won." The public, de- luded by the pious shuffling of the owners' committee, and ignorant or forgetful that a most elaborate mach- inery is already in existence to prevent or settle desputes immediately condemns the men and their leaders as be- ing "too precipitate." The miners' leaders were not in a pcsition to accep: a reduction in the name of the men, not having sufficient authority, which was never contemplated, by the men as being essentiai to the functions of executive officials in the face of the following agreement, already in exist- ence for four years : " That with regard to any future wage questions we are prepared to arrange that before any public action is taken with respect to notices, the men's case shall be laid before a committee of the Colliery Owners' Federa- tion,and that the result be made known to the workmen, and further that we ask the owners to adopt a similar line of action in future with respect to any alteration in their workmen's wages." •

These conditions Were agreed to in principle. The mine-owners' chairman at the period referred to heartily concured with the above conditions, going so far as to say "lie had already drawn up a similar proposal." This occurred in 1890. _ _

The historical method will best bring out the reasons why the men's leaders could not accept. The 1888 Judge Allison was asked to arbitrate in a dispute between the miners and their employers. Ile did so, his award being given in the men's favour. Result—Mr. Chambers the first to hand in notice to his men of a 10 per cent reduc- tion, ignoring the award, and forcing on a dispute which lasted ten weeks.

The men's position may be summarised as follows :- 1. The executive delegates of the miners had no auth- ority to accept abitration ; (a) because of the existence of an agreement understood as existing to prevent action being taken until after exhaustive inquiry ; (b) the men' requiring they should be party to any step taken in their behalf. 2. No case could be put before the men ; the chairman and the miueowners generalising without giving statistics and specific information to serve as data in comparing quantity or prices, not defining whether the 25 per cent was to be taken off the 40 per cent increase, and which has only just been given by the joint secretaries of the Federation. 3. The iuen's experience of arbitration not one redounditig to the credit of the employers. The offer would thus be rejected by the men, the last attempt ending so unsatis- factorily. The public will be interested in their calculations to know that- 1. Coal is brought to the surface, cleared of smudge and slate, at a cost of 2s. GI. per ton. 2. That each miner's ton is 30 cwt., the hewer or coal-getter in most cases only receiving is. 3d. per 30 cwt ton. 3. ,That 60,000 miners have been earning less than 103. jaln. week. 4. That the miner's wage liability is increased by the fact that over and above his home obligations he has in- variably to support relativeq—a crippled father or brother, or, as is too often the case, to support the widow and children of a relative killed in the mine—the owner thus being able to weight the warker with an economic burden without contriouting a cent, towards the maintenance of the bereaved ones. If the sacred- ness of human life and limb is worth consideration, so far also from a social and industrial standpoint family obligations have a.tie of sacredness. The risks and dan- gers to be met, the great physical tension to be with- stood, should at least give utility-value to his labours, and should be juaged accordingly. It will be interesting to Londoners,especially when the fact is borne in upon the householder of a Os. to Bs. per ton increase in price of coal, that over 50 per cent, of the large retailing merchants of London are colliery owners or companies. The percentage is nearer 70 per cent. than 50 per cent. In any case the " Hyde and Jekyll " (owner and merchant) stands in a position of " heads I win, tails you lose." The culpability of these twins of extortion is all the more manliest by the fact that prices are withdrawn from public quotation, the openness of the market being too much for them. The extra amount extorted from the householder per ton (8s) is five times the real wage paid to the hewer for that quantity ; the extra amount extorted from the manu- facturer is more than twice the real wage of the coal- getter. Here are the particulars :—lncrease of price to house- holder (Wallsends and Silkstoues), Be. per ton. In hew- ing the coal 7 tons 10 cwt. are paid for as 5 tons, for which the hewer gets 7s. CI. Increase to large factors 3s per ton. To the hewer 3 tons paid for as 2 tons, at Is fld a ton, equal to hewer 3s. Hence the value to our exports has increased one-third 0 one-seventh increase in output between 1888 and 1892. All these figures are the bare facts, allowing every competent person' to judge whether or not the trick played upon the men,and incidentally the public tricked also, is not sufficient evidence that after all the pious owner is inure of the " Gradgrind " lii character than it is comfortable to contemplate.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIIINDERSTORII AT ST. HELENS.

HOUSES DAMAGED. PANIC IN A SCHOOL.

About four o'clock on Tuesday afternoon a severe thunderstorm burst over St. Helens and district, and rain occompanied by hailstones fell in such torrents that the inclined thoroughfares were flooded. At Thatto Heath, twa dwelling-houses which adjoin Scholes-lane National Schools were struck by lightening, and in the school itself, where over 1200 children were seated, there was a general panic, the scholars rushing out into the lane and off home as hard as they could. A visit to the place shows that the lightening first struck a chimney stack of the house in which Mr. Joseph Irwin, an elderly gentleman, lives with his wife, son, and daughter-in-law. A portion of the stack was demolished and, crashing through the roof, alighted in a bedroom. The electric current travelled down the chimney, and taking a diagonal course, forced its way through the floor and broke down the ceiling just over the chimney corner in which Mrs. Irwin was sitting. Close to her was a baby in a cradle, while Mr. Irwin and his daughter-in-law were also near. These persons appear to have been dazed, but, on realis- ing what had occurred, they groped their way out through the cloud of soot and plaster. Some of the rafters of the house were splintered, and the roof pre- sented a wrecked appearance. At the house of Mrs. Dixon, next door, the current appeared to have struck the back bedroom window which corresponded to the one struck in Mr. Irwin's house. The panes were smashed and the frame in this instance was splintered, two pieces of wood being hurled with great force on to the pillows of the bed on which, fortunately, no one was lyicg. The side wall of the bedroom over the kitchen was also partially forced In, and the window in the houseplace was also smashed. Mrs. Dixon and her daughter were for a little time stupefied, and ultimately suffered from shock. A cat which was sleeping on the hearth appeared for some time to be dead, but ultimately revived. All the cccupants had narrow escapes. The whole neightx urhood was in a state of great excitement for some time.

TRE ADMIRALTY. AND FAIR WAGES.

IMPORTANC DECISION. Attention having bean called to the fact that labourers under an Admiralty contract at Portsmouth had been paid 4d. per hour, whereas the current rate was not less than W., a letter has been addressed to the firm in question intimating that in carrying out Admiralty contracts the wages are to be regulated accord ingly. The communication added that in the event of pay- ments falling below the minimum 411. the Lords of the Admiralty would remove the name of the firm from the list of Admiralty contractors.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIED AND UNMARRIED.

INTERESTING FIGIJRES. A Parliamentary return on Thursday, shows that at the time the last census was taken there were in Eng- land and Wales 8,716,363 unmarried miles and 8,900,665 unmarried fetnals ; 4,851,548 married males. and 4,916,649 married- females ; 484,990 widowers and 1,124,310 widows. -

YE WEARY TRAVELLERS! Nothing comforts fired or ten- der feet like Nunsegs's ExtnAcr YE WEARY TRAVELLERS I OF SOAP, Or HIIDEON'S DRY SOAP In the foot.beth A real luxury. YE WEARY TRAVELLERS Try It to-u 41.1 - ALM. (3).

There is now in South Dakota a clergyman, the Bev. Joshua V. filmes, who was ordained at so late an age as 74, and who recently completed his 88th year.

BM IGRATlON.—lntending emigunts to New York, Boston Philadelphia, San Francisco, Cana, China, Japan, Aus rano, or New Zealand, should take ti ..kets (lowest rates) at the " lkamlner " Office, by Onion, American. Australian Oriental, and ether lines.—John Walker, agent,"Exansiner Office, DewaeT-st., Warringtort.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
lins. S. A. ALLEN'S

WORLD'S

fl AZ RESTORER.

An abßoltitely perfect hair ilestorer and Dressing.

The natural colour re— stored and preserved.

iS;oT A DYE.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
This useful book is written by a dis- A tinguiched London Physician for the guidsnce of those who suffer from Weak Sto.r. ach, Flatulency. or any form of Indigestion and Nervousness. It GUIDE teach 8 what to eat, what to avoid .and how to regain health and strength. A copy will be sent Fgratis and post paid, by Guy's. REE. Tonic Company. (0 Department), S. :Mane Square, London, S.W.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting ot the Warrington Board of Guardians was held in the Board Roam on Wed- nesday. There were then present 31r. G. Ratcliffe (in the chair), and Messrs. Shaw, Davies, W. Hough- ton, J. Houghton, A. Jolley, A. J. Jolley, Bilberry, Pilling,llill, Muir, Dignura, Clarke, Turton, Mather, and Smith, and Messrs. J. C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (deputy clerk), C. R. Ward (master), and Mines (superintendent of the schools). BURYING THE WRONG MAN. . . .

_ Mr. DAVIES explained after the reading of the master's report, that the recent affair in which the wrong man was hurled on the wrong day had been investigated and it was found that Mr. Ward, the master, was in no way to blame for the mistake.—The CHAIRMAN : I might add that after the circumstances had been explained to them, the relatives of the deceAsed man were quite satisfied.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
PIiESENTS.

In his report the Superintendent thanked Mr. William Houghton for a hamper of pears, and Mr. Evans, of the Coopers Arms, for a bundle of " Graphics presented through Mr. Hill, to the children. _

===== 0002601_18930826_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
TUN .ESTINIATES -AN INCREASE.

_ The CLERK intimated that lie Would have to Increase his estimates considerably for the next year, as the. county rate had been considerably increased. The high- est amount they had ever demanded of them previously as a Union was £2,600. The present demand was for £3,653 13s. 9,.1.—Mr. War. HOUGHTON : What do you think is the calls° of it P—The CLE RK explained that the cause of it was evidently that there had been a diminu- tion in the Imperial exchequer of revenue to bo alloted for county purposes whilst there had been an increase in the expenditure of all the counties.—Mr. flovuuros : The County Council are considerably responsible for it, Mink 2—The CLERK : I am sure the County Council will be like other councils so far as expenditure goes,and there is no doubt that where you have increased and Improved administrations you will have increased expen- diture. There is this Bill for the Parish Councils and District Councils : they will substitute our present local governments to a great extent, but they cannot be car- ried on without great expense.- In addition to the in- crease in the county rate, however, which alone will en- tail id. in the £, I shall have to estimate for an increase in the Union rate to the extent of another I. in the £. He would have te put on a total increase oh £550 on the maintenance and outdoor fella. This was chiefly in consequence of bad trade. At the present time they had able-bodied men coining in for relief, chiefly owing to the strike, and he thought the prospect for workpeople during the coming winter was a very dark one indeed, and justified them in making some prepara.tions for it.— Mr. Mule : I am sorry to hear of this increase, for I am sure the ratepayers were looking for a reduction, and they will be highly disappointed unless you can obviate the increase—Mr. A. JOLLEY : It is you Councillors whb are responsible for the increase to a great extent.—Mi. Muss ; I am here as a Guardian, Mr. Jolley, and net as a Counsillor, and please address me accordingly.—Alter some further discussion the matter drepped.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
CONTRACTS DISCUSSED:

The contracts for "necessaries" required by the house and schools were next discussed before being advertised for.—Mr. A. J. JOLLEY drew attention to the contract for corduroy clothes for the children at Padgge. He said that owing to the low prices which the Union had been giving the qaality of the stuff had so deteriorated that it was not tit tJ wear now.—lt was decided that Mr. A. Jolley should-bc allowed to procure a sample of good corduroy.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
mos PRICES Fat BOOKS.

A complaint was made against the high prices paid for stationary. It was said that the Schools Committee had got a small book (smallor than an ordinary ledger) which. cost more than £5. It was considered that this was a preposterous price.—Mr. Wu. HouturroN : It f's enorm- ous. Surely we can get these things on more equitable terms. Who has the contract for the stationary ?-,The CLERK : Mr. Woods of Sankey-st.--Ile then explained that the contractor for the printing ,always took the stationary contract, as there were several kinds of Union books which could only be purchased in London, and the sellers would only give discount to tradesmen and not to the Union. This discount was a. consideration in taldng the printing contract. There were some kinds of books which they got cheaply because the London firms rSrinted a great many of them, but in such a case as the one in which £5 was oliarg,td it was a book made specially for them.—After further dimussion, a Committee consisting of Messrs. D.IViCA, A. Jolley, Dignutn. Pilling and Muir, and-the assistant Clerk, was appointed to look into the matter. This was all the business.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
013 It LOCAL CHURCHES-WARRINGTON.

ROMAN CATHOLIC SCHOOLS. In aid of St. Mary's Roman Catholic Schools, Latch- ford, sermons were preached at St. Mary's Church, on Sunday. In the morning by the Rev. Ignatius Harris, of Liverpool, and in the evening by the Rev. T. S. Crank, of Bolton. Both services were very well attended and the result is very satisfactory. THE P.S.A. AT IVYCLIFFE. A large congregation assembled in Wycliffe Church on Sunday afternoon at the P.S.A. meeting. The chairman was Mr. William Jeffery who in the course of a short address said during his fifty rears as a working-man he had been connected with many movements for the social and moral elevation of working.men, but none gave bins 4 so much pleasure as to belong to the P.S.A. movement. The address was delivered by Mr. Haley who based his remarks on the text " The way cf life is above, to the wise" Proverbs 15c. 24v. Two solos were well rendered by Miss F. Booth arid Mr. Fieldlinuse. The meeting was also taken oart in by the Rev. J. Yong,e, Mr. J. A. Yonge, M.A.,and Mr. W. H. W.Allington. Mr. W.H. Payton was , the accompanist. SUICIDE SELFISH. At the Padgate Weslqan Chapel on Sunday morning, the Elev. J. Kirtlan (superintendent of the Warrington circuit) remarked that sonic of his c ingregation might have read certain letters during the past week in the newspapers about a young man who had put an end to his existence. It bad given an opportunity ta people who seemed to have no faith, or very little, to ventilate 'their opinions on the subject. One strong and healthy letter he read utterly mnderrined the sentimentality which had been retailed during the past few days. The awful sin of suicide should be stigmatized as ii cowardly and selfish act. It was cowardly, for surely men had _been placed on earth for some purpose. They were to fight and overcome tao difficulties and trials of life, and tcPshirk duty by suicide was very selfish. THE REV. B. PERCIVAL AND THE hLtIR- DIIESERS. In his. sermon tm Sunday evening, the Vicar of St. Peter's Church, the Rev. B. Percival, made a passing allusion to the hairdressers' movement. After speaking on the example of Daniel refusing the king's meat and wine, be referzeti to time importance arm early religious education ; in sets log God in little things ; and to seek first of all to know God above other things. With re- gard to the Sabbath,tfley should be careful to servo God in that matter,and to choose a businpeeseidstl:attwGodoudol.seds bless- ing s their Sabbaths free. He was delighted to know that the 110 p hairdresserssin the town nWarrington y sbande hoped would be with thein,and that as in the case of Daniel. they. Would not be the losers by it from a worldly point of view, but gainers. It may be mentioned that a men's bible class has been commenced in connection with St. Peter's, and is held every Sunday afternoon from 2.30 to 3.30, and is conducted by the Vicar.

Bu They huecye rdpwil niecat e dor thevwl aoi plain Epiphanygen h o wcnsoi or Church singershucwhite,hhave j Choir i jut beenva it shi ngntcr on and deep edges of black. •On thewiritilleflaZ it simple toques with tascels of cord. flowing wear sicwe Mrs. Oliphant has latly exchangea Windsor for the Riviera, but this does not mean a retirement from ti arena of her prolOnged activities. She has produced some 60 books in 44 years, and at her pre-ent age of 65 her pen how s no diminution of literary power. YOUR ATTENTION, PLEASE! Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago. Piles; rains In the Back, Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaints, Diseases of tHoirden. eicsb„, idthe,rtunUartirit.a.ry..?, areas nous ounl efinGdl (fleet, cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills, Try a small box, and If not satisfied your money will be returned. Prtee Is lid. t?ofyaDllsemneedmilivol,Hearil.pocsitootkrieieae wfonr I y 2 osrtkasinpsDforonm,t IbieopLuDt- off. If you cannot get them write to the Proptietcr, and a box will be sent next post.—Adrt.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
ebt " Oramintr " otritt

OS LANCASHIRE AND Currant nFt COUNTY NEWSPAPERS Comprises THE Warrington and Mid-CAeskire Examiner, pub- fished every Saturday morning. rr JIB Earle-mown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. rrilE St.lfelens Examiner, published every Friday 1. afternoon. rrEit .Runeorts Examiner, published every Saturday 1. morning ; and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday morning.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

•brolng nider the following tt:QTR-r;ln-ae-rtae-ci In ALL the above-mentioned Riper' for ONE CUAIZON, as per scale given below. IRV/ATM'S WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITDATIONS VACANT, PARTINERSIIIPS WANTED, APARTMEIPTSWANTED, BIONET WANTED, SPECITIC ARTICLES FOB SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT,

MLSCELLANEoL,B WANTS. HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES To jib LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 as 45 54 The shove charges are tor PREPAYMENT only. No Adyer- then eat Inserted on credit under 28. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
lirofegsitonal.

Mul ALE td FEMALE NURSES INSTITUTION, 70, Ifope-st., Liverpool, Raab. IS7B.—Yor reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical, and Monthly Burnes. Massage, apply or telegraph, "Nurses." Liverpool. I:elephone. SC.

Bomeqta Otrbantg, Su.

--- WANTED, a strong General SERVANT at once.-2. Midland Roe.d, Ilyde Park. Leeds.

GlNL.—Chron TIDY GIRL for ler7aevfork. to erep at home —Apply 16. Arpley-street, Warrington.

mlO R SOUTHPORT.—WANTED, R good GENERAL I: SERVANT in small family.—Addreas 95, Windsor-rd., Southport. WANTED. GIRL, for housework, age about 16. at once; no f doily ; country girl prcferrtd —136, ‘Vavertree- toad, Liverpool.

GOOD GENBRAL SERVANT WANTED for Hereford. Clergyman's mall family; boy for boots and knives.— Mrs. HANDS. Her. ford.

WANTED. COOK MINERAL, who c n wa,h, Iron. an tk.ke, age about 36, Wages £l6.—Taotis N. Bank House, Ormskirk.

WAFTED, GENERAL SERVANT. pge 18 to 20: three in family.— Apt ly Mrr. WasoN, Central Butidingp, FrephBelo, vi A Liverpool.

11101HTL,—Wan'ed inmediattly, TWO HOUSEMAIDS. for a Ladies' Febonl.—.State liege; and enclose references te M., Bleneatlira, Eby!.

WANTED. GOOD GENET:AL, ho un do Wain cooking. Bonserns'd *1131.1 By kept.— Apply E.G., 10, North Cliff-street, Preston.

IMMEDIATELY. Experienced Cooks, Plain Cooks, Howe- maids, and GenerAls suited at once. -.Miss IluDsox'll Registry. !Ham-street, Warrington. - -

WTANTED, for country. iv COOK-GRIkERAL ; wash, iron, and bare; refer, nces.-31r8. J. Anmnriar,llall- royd. Shepley. Ituddertfield.

"ILITANTR 0, good PLAIN CCON. for small family; assist with washing goort wages 0-co.—A pply Mn. LE.-T- LiffD, 5 Witton-st .

GENFItAL SI:WAN T 11'.411:1E1). ; rccious exrceence in- edrrentab!c, four ch!ld)en. Tom:lgen three years; no croking —Bl Ai revillc-road, Brudord.

WANTED he Yung Led, Mnetcal, a SITUATION as Ntethr re Delp where there are fine or two children. AN Iy 1.M., 8 Wincttley Sure, Freston.

. WANTED SITUATION AS head CARDENICIt, well up all branches. 16 years'exf erlence, excellent rafezer.- ets.— G. Sr. xrs 6, S. Mr:es-load, r re, ten.

B ELL'S ORIGINAL REGISTER OFFICE has rnly cwt. address.—Mrs. MAPIA BELL. Scotia House, 11:glifield- st., Leicester. Coed servants always wanted.

WANTED. men! MAID, or MAID-HOUSEKEEPER goad dressmaker and nredtPw,Jnan go.xl rtttrenc:,s. Aclere‘s W.,5, Church-view, Sandal, W

WANTED SIIUAT 10:N as BUTT En (roarrie). experi- enced. geed valet. 31 ; excelient character.W. FeSTER, Craft& Hall Lodge, Cramond Bridge. Midlothian.

NVANltTsEtDra,nEcliTe,FAmTalrOriNed.ars,oGhttmigieerx;cetritednetreetnra'...s.t:rll —Act-revs F, C., Euxtr-liv e, Timporley. Chesil' re.

1/11 ANT RD, GIRL to assist in housework. aged 14. must be clean APCI honest, wages £s.—Address Jo HR B. THCMASOR. Grec,:r, Mai k. t-st., Droyisclen, Manchester, „

WASTEP. it second HOUSEMAID. must have been out bore; ids:, two good GANlCHAtsi.—Apply stating witzcs, ac., to llorsExt:Epen, Wingerworth RU, Chester- /tell.

rriIIOPOUGIL-expelieneed Plain COOK ws, tc,t for Ac- critigfon, first wee', in Cc (Owe: et te'ageand reference; two In farnily.—Apply by ic terto Mrs. Bursouort, Kinlo li Accrington. W •

ANTED, bv r..rectable middle-aged. person. In It snrlll I family. SI T UAT lON as w rking bouselceeper, yenrs last Sitnat n, town no object.--t.ddress Mies N. Hooras, 143 Batb-st.. Walsall.

11011PRIGGNORTII: CASTLE" AGENCY lia9flrV. efts. Al SITUATIONS for y.oed Generals, Cooks. and Nouse- maids.—Apely at once. &Tinier Nurses and Good Swing Maid dlaengaged Stamp for reply.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
iJr,zatittb.

CHARING or CLEANING Wanted, by a nnipectable person.—Apply 105, Catherine-bt.. Wanington.

AGRICTS WANTED to push first Is Machinery Oils. L'heral Cornmisaion.—Eox 22, PO4 Office, Liverpool.

:HORIZONTAL ENGINE WANTED, 14 or 151 n. cylinder. right band.--13 I OBOE H ADFIRLD, Light body-street, Liverpool.

A GENTS WANTED, wind+ or spare time ; Commission and Eonns.—laarox and Co. Limited, 92. Draceaburch- street. London

SHORMAKERS.,- Coals!ant work for all tha ye.r for a steady m n, at geueral repatring.—Thoman SMITH. 'Alderley Edge

CIONFECTIONERY.—FetnaIe assistant for bakPhouse. or V imnrovPr, good frane.—Miss Cum.x.FrE, 48, Bradshaw- ote, Leigh, Lhncashire.

WANTED.—A STitONG 110 Y: ono with a kmiwlint4e of the trade preferrat.—HENß7 114u1qo & co. LIMITED Merefrints, Waniiigton.

ILX.—Wanted. regular supply of ?JIM from reliabe .I.YI Farmer.—Acidrels, lul mirth:Wars, ISAAC WAIUNG. 13a. Soho-atreet. Newtown. Wigan.

HARDWARE, FURNITURE. Eassinettes. carte. tcy4. pipes, watches, j. wellery. Agent, wanted. Buyer's Guide tree, write lIrNRY MAY, Birmin;eham,

W"n^Vad? eCxteemptiitaattPepPpitolrttNuTdpvli. rood ligftheat reeile7enbc'elt Treminm moderate; healthy neighbunrtiood.—WALEEß, Chemist, New Brighton.

WANTRD, by London. Wit:buret and Glasgow Asaii—r- once Company. additional AGENTS for Warrington acd district ; rvery encoorngement to respectable, t faced men ; interest in books.—Apply perm 'ally, or, by lett,r to JAMES SEDDON, Superintendent, .31..Liyerpeo1-road, W? rri n gton

rutOBACCONISIS cr.mmtncing. Itirite4 Guide ?pos. 1 free.) How to commence.—TotAcco,ms• ourFmr.. ING 00.2 186. Ba6ton-rod. Londoti. Lniger. HENRY MYFUS, Est. 18E6.

riIOBACCONISTS end those commencing should call or send for our Price List. Competition dctied.--Gormecne's, P,radlse-st., Liverpool. Establiahed 1850.

T EPT COP CLOTHES bought, I.egt price for parcels for- warded. if not approved. goods returnetd.--J•YES ()OR- MAN, Nev and Second-hand Clothe; Dealer, 326, 328, and 346, Dcansgal 8, Kanche.tter.

QECOND-lIAND DRUBS SUITS, Military, Thestrical,fland A) Uniforms for sabs or hire.—J.IMIS GORMAN, New and Secend-hand Clothes Dealer. 326. 328, and 348, Dcansgate. Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Sults perfectly new at a third cost price.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
econtrarts.

ri,o LET. the painting a two iron beadgeara at Pemberton Colilery.—Partieulars on application at colliery.

• fYiOUGIf OF WAHRINGTON.—TO CONTRACTORS. —The Paving and Sewera,ge Committee of the Council c•I tie Borough of Warrington is prepared to receive TENDERS for Forming and ParMg Clara-st. and part of Friars Green. Drawings, specific diona, Ite., may be seen and fo•-ms of tender, bit • of qu•ntitle., and all furher infor- mation obtained at the office of the Borough Surveyor, Town Mall, on and nfter Monday, ituttnst 28th, at which place ten- Aim moat be chslivered on or before 12 o'c!ock, on Monday, the 11th day of S .pt ember, 1e93. The lowest or any tendtr not necessarily accepted. THOMAS LONGDIN, Borough Surveyor. Borough Surveyor a Office. Atign4 24th, 1893. ,

- THR SANITARY WORKS coMrnTTl7iecourci of the Borough of Warrl 'Won invite ThiNDItRS fJr the- supply of Ptovender (Cru Led Owe. StAlt Beans, Broad Beau, I at Meal), for t!x ownths. commencing S 1.4,-n.thr 27. to Le deil...ered et the Townlat 1 Stahl( s each %unity morn- ing be ore ten o'e'ork.- Samplas of Oat. (both whole and crashed) at re„,n, (both whale and avlil), or Brao. and :4 Alm to te smut in with Tenders. .hfeh must he sealed, and e...l,lressed to th.- Chwirmen of the Sanitary Worlti Committee nd deliv et ed at this office net Intent an 4.0 p.m on Wednea- clay Sei,teinher I th.—Any Pro-ender iwntithl in. %Molt is nc.t.frrynal In every respect to aantple will se releet e I. - . - JAMES PEAS. Townyall„ Wares, ext. „ 'CAugtett 24th, 1293. -.:-

i Rpartinentg,,furniatb 3flouottf,srt

SCATSBOROUGH.—SWIFT'S Private Hotel and Boarding- Hotne.—Jome B. SWIFT, Proprietor.

BLACKPOOL—Palk House, Claremont Park, busing the Sea. Baths. billiards. Tariff on application.

DENOWELLO BOARDING HOUSE. Nagle Parade, Buxten, moderate terms, pleasantly situated.—Miss .3.075F.5.

D RYL.—Te Let, well Purniated Private APARTMENTS. R-0 two minutes from Station end Parade.—Mrs. INGLEBT, 38, Queen street.

420IITLIPORT.—APARTMENTS, beautifully furnished ; KJ central and moderate charges, comfortable home, bath, w.c.-8, Derby Road.

/140111wErCe.AURBAlt --,lteueblZivaenCotit'argiventlriti'PAgatE NT STerrace, one minute from station.

MORECAMBE.-I,lrs. STEELE. 25, Sea View Parade, West end-road, APARTMEN7S, (pu lie or private) bath, piano.

IRICCISTH.—One sitting and two bedrooms ; or Rea mad V station,. beautiful scenery.—Apply Mrs. ELLIN PARRY, 1. Victoria-buildings.

T AKB DlSlRlCT.—Apartments near the lake; special 1.1 terms for September.—Apply M 5. KUSER. West Side, Ullswater, Patterdale.

DLACKPOOL.—CIean and homely Accommodation for ,U Visitors, at Mrs. CARTLEDGE'S, 12, Wtliirigton-st.,(three minutes from Central Station.

CIOUNTRY APARTMENTS TO BM LET, charming views; all modern co,:vcniencea.—Apply MILLER. Bryn Clwyd. Trermint,

(lOLWYN BAY.—" lkorana " Bearding House, Mostrn- V road, Replete with home comforts ; conducted by Mrs. T. Y. Warn/cr.—Terms en application. A PARTItENTS to be Let, Furnished, with attendance, ..La. parlour, one or two bedrooms.—Apply Mrs, GIBBS. Wine. sey. Broadway, Wore .stershire.

MattECAMBE —APARTMENTS Ti) LET ; excellent sex front • send ktamp for terms.—Mr. GZO. SsowDox, 'Eapdylands, Ifor4carnbe.

Fro BB LBT. well-furnished APARTMENTS • good fishing, .1 splendid views, would let ve..y moderate In September. —Miss JONES, Bodgwynedd, I.lanwrst.

QCABI3OROUGII. GIBSON'S BOARDING HOUSE ; J k situated on the North Cliff. facing the sca ; magnificent view of the bay. Private rooms if required.

pBNMAIINMAWR.—FurrifeIied Villa. or Apartments; September. or Winter. Chirming situation; near sea; terms moderate.—BETA.Penrbyla Villa.

DLACKPOOL (South Shore).—Comfortable and well- furnished APARTMENTS (public and private). with or without board.—Mrs. BLEAKLEY, 53. llean-3t.

CIOUNTRY.—Board end residence, pony, I. a-rlage, tennis, AJ near post. rail, borne comfort% term, moderate.— EDWARDS, The Grove, Ashford Dowdier, Ludlow.

ISLE OF MAN. Good accommodation for visitors with or without board.—Mrs. LINGARD Cate ot Warrington), York House, Castle Drive, Douglas (near the palace).

BUXTON.—THE PE7AIC THERMAL ESTABLISHMENT. The best Hydropathin in the district. Mineral Water end other Maths. Magnificent Futile rooms. Excellent cuisine. Table d'hote at separate tables.

MARTIN DALE'S IVRLL-KNOWN BLACKING. (LIQUID AND PASTE). xisd

440 OANDRINGHAM" WATER rnooP

JET LUSTRE AND KID CREAM FOR LAMS BOOTS. TTARNE3S COIIPOSITION. (TUN CBTARUATED HORSE SllOll BILASD)

FURNITURE POLISII &c., ALL OF THE BEST QUALITY.

17. lIANOVER-ST., LIVERPOOL.

UN .3ALB, cheap 53 OLD WAGGONS suitable ter short jou.neys ter cash or deterred payment.—LANCASHIRE WAGGON Co., Bury.

IN BALL MANURI WORXS, Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton ?dill, Derbyabire.—Apply to .1. Hamm, 16, Fenwiek-Street, Liverpool.

Q ANKEY BRlDGES.—Freebold Property to be Sold.- 1.3 Apply JosEPit H. WILLIAMS, chartered accountant, 45, Sankey-at., W.rrlngton.

FOREIGN STAMPS.-50 varieties 7d.. 100 do. la. ld.; approval sheets. splendid discount.—G. 311;anocn, Dunbar-terrace. Dumfries.

SAW DEN6II, to take 3 foot saw with drag motion and turn over fence and Ave saws, price £2O. Apply 10, St. Jamrs-strect, Live m 01.

910 PERSONS who have w.ak and falling lIAIR I will 1 send a valuable prescription for Is ; certain cure.— Itencis, 138. Brunswici,road. Sheffield.

, TIAMINER " STEAM PRINTING WORKS ISMS? SWIRL WA:6ItI2WTON. •

===== 0002601_18930826_art0044.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
AC' ,

===== 0002601_18930826_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, AUGUST 26. 1893 gPaltEi bp *Watt Ertatv.

atalto bp *mate ertatp.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
rpo BR sow. TRACTION ENGIN!: nud THRASHING I'LANT, wl'h Self-Miuler wokel last sp;lng ;hi good condition ; owner dad. • Apply Mrs. BARTON, •Crool:e; .Vbevington, near Wigan,

MONEY iprNATl.BbiNff• inToIu'RuisyANTOTEICOHENTLEMAN UPON NOTE OF HAND ALONE. Without Bank or Loan Ofnce Routine.—From £lO to £5,000. To LADIES, and GENTLEMEN, HOUSEHOLDERS, and to PERSONS In receipt of a regu'ar incoMe or Bala y, without sureties. UPON NOTE 010 HAND ALONE, and to assist Persona into business ; also upon the security of Reversions, Life Annuities, Life Intrp-sts,Life Polieles.plant,stock,shares, In town or country. without removal, also on deeds and life policies at 5 per cent, from one to 15years. No pubic inquiries whatever, only a few Lours' notice required to carry ow all adrances.—Apply personally,or WI itb to the actual lender. W, tiTkiWANT, Esq. 2. Cooper-strert, Manchester, ALL COMMUNICATIONS STRICTLY PRIVATE, and CONFIDENTIAL. Principal can remain at interest. No securities required: No genuine application refuted. Having a large urplils capital at command, all ad vances are granted cheaper than any other Web/41410W in Lanraatdre. —IIQLZECraCCX OBa.EYLU.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
Jig Ml?. THOMAS SUTTON.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
By .11less:rs. JOEY MAINTVAREVG 4. co.

LICENSED FOR THE SALE OP METHYLATED SPIRITS AND HEMLINE. AGENT tor SEQUAH'S REMEDIES.

THE EXORS. OF THE LATE ISAAC SPEAKMAN CHEMIST BY EXAMINATION, BRIDGE-ST., PHARMACY 27. BRIDGR-ST.. RUNCORN.

• PATENT MEDICINES (with a few exceptions) AT RE- DUCED PRICES, Viz. 2s 9d for 2e 3d, 26 6d for 2s Id, Is lid for 10d. 64.Nel8on's Gelatine 3 for Hid, 16. Neave's food ad per tin, Etc., An. SPRATT'S DOG BISCUITS 186 64 per 1121 b or 121bs for 26 3d. Calabar Dog Biscuit, 12s 64 per cwt. CHEAPEST HOUSE FOR HOUSEHOLD SOAPS. Pears' soap 3 for 10,1; Hariehurst's •• Sun," 3 tablets for ; Sunlight, 3in box 7t Brookes Monkey Soap, 3kd per lb. Hotncepathlc Medicines 64 bottle, 64; Vichy Waters, per ease, 50.—Bust and Cheapest House for White Lead, Tur- pentine, Varnish. Oil. Brushes, 34. Send for prices. Whole tale. Dealer In Peteolenns OH, Hudson's rev Coif, do. Arpliselt's lissasel reins. Cooper's Sheep Dip.l2, per les.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
PINIKETIf. HOUSE, with garden ; also several cottages.: Apply Mr. nOBERT LOWE, estate agent, Market Gate Chambers, Warrington.

HOUSB.-23. Itoyte-street, Ileweey-road, Warrington.— Capital Howe, rent. se. ; key No. 27.—A. T. MonLT, 39, Princess-street, Meneheeter:

rpo LIT, IntI33IISES, In centre of Warnngton, suitable for .1_ small workshope.—Apply ASTON aild Woof's, Sclicitors, 55, Horeernarket-street, Warrington.

rill) LET, House, Eagle Mount, Stockton Heath, Rent En. 1. Three bedrooms. parlour, sitting-room, kitchen,and other convenitnees.—Apply W. DOBTOCK, builder, Wildersl.ool.

FARE HOUSE, sitting room and bedroom or two TO BE LET in a beautiful place, good views, terms moderate, —Apply It. Htl6llF3, Old Dodn•int Farm, Ifglnyabeoli, N.W.

QOUTH PORT.—TO LET, modern holm •two sitting-rooms, A) four bedrooms, hath dte.• five minutes walk from station ; rent £27.—Apply 112, lieusington-road, Southport.

lAND GARDEN TO LET, No. 4, Ralisbury-st. 1 rent £25 Es.- per annum. Contains dining and drawing room, kitchen. &c.. five bedrooms, we., and bath.— Apply Grrisox AND Sole. Church-et., Warrington.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
'l' II E EXAMINER.

SATURDAY, AUGUST 26, 1893.

APART from the fact that every day Me Great Strik?. that passes witnesses the closing of works, there has been during the week ne marked alteration in the position of affairs connected with the great strike. A meet- ing of the delegates of the workmen connected with the Minors' Federation of Great Britain was hold in London on Tuesday and Wednesday and a resolution was again passed that no reduction of wages he accepted. The delegates, however, endorsed another resolution which may possibly lead to a compromise. This resolution was to the effect that, subject to the coalowncrs withdrawing the notice for a twenty-five per cent, reduction in wages, the miners pledge themselves to resume work at once, and not to ask for an advance of wages until the prices of coal roach the 1890 level. It teems to be generally conceded that the prices at which coal sold in 1890 leave an ample margin for profit to the coal-owners even while paying the present rate of wages, and the decision which the miners' conference has come to gives the masters the choice of two courses. One is to persist in their demand for a reduction of wages, and the ether is to act in uni- son amongst themselves, so as to bring prices up to a level that is considered remunerative, with the assurance that till these prices overtop those of 1890 they will not be troubled by any claim for increased wages on the part of the workmen. As an inducement to them to take the latter course the conference further resolved as follows : "It having come to the knowledge of the Federa- tion that many of the federated coalowners would be glad if some scheme could be adopted to put a stop or a check to the baneful system of under- selling, which now prevails amongst coal-owners,

this conference, recognizing the necessity of $1 action,vrould be quite willing to co-operate with owners at once for such an object." If the ters do not accept the offer now made to_thl there is, war, but a poor prospect of an e$ termination of the strike. The acceptance of twenty-five per cent reduction, or, deed, any reduction does not ePP

to be even suggested in any Pare „c the Federation district; and, . althoes there are no doubt already many cases of sevel suffering in the colliery districts, the miners body are far from being "starved out" yet' 1, the meantime, the great mass of the public w. are not immediately concernoll in the 80001,1 being supEilied with information as to the relae,l,v

merits or demerits of the centending parties. pointed out last week that the accumulation of s? stocks of coal at the pit head is a great temptsti. to coal owners to bring about a periodical stru It is now stated that the aggregate value of th! stocks is probably a great deal over pounds, and as the coal is being rapidly 0' greatly enhanced prices, it may be shrewdlYst mised that some coal-owners, at all events, " found the strike an easy way of reaping a cci siderable fortune, although, let it be said, el experipe of their workpeople and. the general 001 munity. One of the most interesting and tive contributions to the literature of the stri

is an article by Alderman BEN TILLErr, pul in the " Westminster Gazette." The I

labour leader naturally takes the -aide of tirl miners, but his assertions can for the most pay easily be disproved if they are not accurate. we know, when an ordinary householder 13'1; coal a ton consists of twenty cwts., appears from the statement of TILLETT that when the coal proprietor P3i's; the miner a ton is reckonod to CO of thirty cwts. And for hewing this th'rl3 cwts. the actual coal-getter in most cases gets one shilling and throepence ! Then tase% is often a good deal of indignation oxPre3,l,l

against the middleman for pocketing differences between the prica of the coal at tho P and the price at which it is laid at the 11°1131

holder's door. But here, again, we are told probably seventy per cent, of the 104'

" middlemen " or retailing merchants of L°lll' are really colliery owners and companle3; t these cases at all events the greater part 0' difference between the pittance of one shilling `tli threepence which goes to the hewer find 0 twenty or thirty shillings or more paid by tho sumer. will go to the proprietor in one or otlicr his capacities. •

THE supporters of e cause of the ter TheSesLsiicoennss.ing cer' perance in Warrington on Ato tainly report progress in regar"hor the Licensing Sessions held on Thursday. to they have met with little success or encours.Fa ment in their appeals to Warrington nesufhleir benches. In spite of their arguments and tile)! protests all the old licenses—numerous as • are in the town in comparison with the Pr, lation—have year by year been steadily renefcl. and even new licenses granted when a sliecji3°lo pretence for doing so could be found. tbe thanks to the latest addition to the ranks Of magistrates,the local bench appears tobe ec'w aors mated by a more enlightened spirit,and have regard for public as opposed to private inter:„9o A strong objection to the side-door whieb has vb"ii, _added to the Lion Hotel was raised in a Pti,,,si• spiritod manner by Mr. PMEAVANCE, vthos° A.;0•0 deuce and business premises inimediatelY Ivii• the hotel, and the bench, after 7: earing all the eiog dence, not only endorsed the objection by P',sstho a resolution that unless this door was close' (1, licence of the hotel would be refused at tb° 11 journed sessions,but added that they wow' —door the same rule to all licensed houses with back' _4ll entrances to their premises. This decSiomas "do to be expected, cabsed no small flutter ani°lll`:lfe the representatives of the liquor interest,wh'Ll‘ to heretofore not found the local boll" jo be at all exacting in its denier tho dealing with the licensed property large brewery companies. The decision Will, el ever, we anticipate, be thoroughly aPPrnieitted the hotter part of the townspeople. It is au". coo' on all hands that, in regard to at all events Ltstopt. siderable proportion of public-houses c°llerste police supervision exercises a salutary ingure or The existence of a side or back door in a rxWarost less obscure locality withdraws a house to a viper extent from anything like effectual pone° 51`, toe vision, with results that are at times °ll apparent in Warrington. Ia declaring l'ilece these double entrances the magistrates are, ova fore, acting in the true interests of the town'tbeir it is hard, to understand upon what groundsosirs policy can be objected to by publicans v14°10401 to conduct their business in a decent and way. ; Co' THID debate in the House 0. role A Fall For monion Monday evening Wasstrget Obstruction. less than a death blow to tion. By that w 6 do not mean that the 6"t ment will no longer be troubled by the t°rdteld devices whick have been resorted to for tl'e ttiose of public business, and for staving fjop° British reform, which are to follow the .tiore Rule Bill. But, as a policy for the OpP°.'l obstruction has now lost all its respectsho, ,rill pit all its effectiveness. The party led by TOUR Or MT. CHAMBERLAIN—for, RS there 113 JO° no answer to Mr. HEALY'S pertinent inquiir3d''csre-A hard to say who, is the leader—have ma° id of' rate efforts to pose as martyrs, or as the hi°7arir pertinacious defenders of the freedom of bold ment against the machinations of an sr tool Premier,backed by a slavish majority. Tile C°l pee' has, however, seen through all the - olds/ tences and make-believes, and on even the members of the Opposition the 1-ebilf° could no longer act up to the part theobie› undertaken. Consequently, the debate, 6000 was intended to be an impressive protes".olt'tll the proposal of the Government to fe seemingly endless talk on Home Itu twit) extremely flat. Even Mr. Cirs yort,3Wzn aratelo all the arts and incitements of his ,os- e could raise but a mild reponse amongst t" 001111 sit behind him, and as for the Tories, W!l,,° feet appland his bitter invective against o', of co, their attitude appears to have been thirxed thi toleration. The Opposition, in fact, reTi efore tbe they were playing but a poor fare° country, and they were anxious that aoscpeediv once should be brought to a conclusionFe: as possible. In the end the resolution vm vided that the debate on the report stsgooe 01! Home Rule Bill should be brought to Friday evening was agreed to without after Mr. CHAMBERLAIN.'S amendment ns ‘4/0 • . to disposed of by a majority of thirty-eight *ay, and in this way only, is it now P 057, _ooto% • ey „ft face of a so-called " patriotic " and tional " party to get any work through w' tire =chine.

HAArus's GOLD MEPAL -WILTSHIRE BACON. PLAIN A.' D SMOKED. ' ALS') TIM HIGHEST CLASS PhOVIS/ONS. FIENIIT •MILLING. AND COMPANY, LIMITED, E'ROHANT.F.,

WARRINGTON.

•41.;,„ r`4•l3 POLLUTION OF THE MEHSE'Y BY THE U.S. Co. Meese' l'raneis 0. Simpson, acting on behalf of the e„, Y Cone ervators, has taken out five summonses arat the United 'Alkali Company, Limited, for having Petty Wrier. The summonses will be heard at r Sessions on Thursday next. Sr• AMI3ROSE SUNDAY SCHOOL, WIDNES. annHal sermen's were preached in the Church on nes,',,ar,,,when the Rev. W. H. Hodgson, vicar of Wid- te.„e,eeched in the morning ; the Rev. J. Holden, Run. In the alternooraeand the Rev. G. A. Le Bert,vicar, wee "'tint!. The c,ollections amounted to £6 Bs. 8.1. en le „.„ --• Want of a CHASTE and ELEGANT WEDDING or --ee PRESENT go to PRITCHARD'S, 51, High-st.—Advt. A A DANGEROUS LUNATIC AT RUNCORN. Ye "Ind Man named Charles Reynolds, fortv-three aa's Was t„. age, living with his parents in Brunswick-street, „di a 6 erouee.. before the Runcorn magistrates on Wecines- 'prime- charge of being a wandering lunatic. The stte—i'e Dowerfullv-built man,was rambling about the wee 1 11er:d5y night with a knife in his hand, and he L'l• lleini! at and threatening everybody that came leek. "lea. He was also dangerously flourishing a heavy apt,. relice-constable Lea took charge of him. It sotelared that the man was under the illusion that "! Person was in pursuit of him to do him harm.—The 9;184 "teee„ atee committed the man to the workhouse for 4 -- clays. Th HALTON WESLEYAN BAND OF HOPS. WIle„8 tenth annual excursion took place on Saturday in br-"°r a t undred Band of Hope children were taken I,7o"rei,a, and waggonettes to Mersey View, Overton. able to ''ng a double shift Mr. Booth, of Church-st., was held „take the entire number, over 150, and as the rain the e"" a most enjoyable day was spent. The whole of thotize", naes were borne by the Committee out of the tain Iby member's subscriptions and four enter- Nett' —3 had been given during the year. After MI charges there remains a balance in hand of Iveo In former years the farmers connected with the het te6'..all Church have generously provided conveyances l'aelo,„ 13 Year the Cenmittee refrained from asking as the are were busy gatherieg in the harvest, but thanks uet Mr. Oakes for kindly lending his trap. ip,4 Peered-ten, 51. High-street, RUncorn, keeps 110,ACLEs10 suft all sights, from a shilling a ialr.—Adrt At I 0 THE SHIP CANAL COMPANY AT RUNCORN. 4,-)se" uneore Police Court, on Wednesday, before Mr. If•indlPy and Mr. Speakman, a man named John gs edias Pat Waldron, who said he was a collier on iroe,e frete Golborne was charged with stealing 40Ibs. of I,an tir3 , Property of the Manchester Ship Canal Coin- evet.,'„ ':ulice-con.tahle Morris stated that on Monday eleree"F,ne Saw the prisoner hawking the iron, which be feeioe," ;II a bag, from one marine store to another. He aohe:e,a birn and at length stopped him and inquired cooVre 'le had obtained the iron from. Ha gave several into d'etory explanations, and was, therefore, taken see, '-"stiadY. The prisoner struck at the constable ato-tal titnes and attempted to throw him down.—Angus oanrraY, storekeeper for the Manchester Ship Canal Com- eutlYe' identified the iron as belonging to his employers. • in.tenclen-t Atherton said the prisoner had been, Alea,4e-'lll".'s previously convicted., The prisoner labo,4' guilty, and was sentenced to fourteen days' hard dee, %t., 11a PPare rcann, Watchmaker and Jeweller, 51, High 411 t; 'erre—eldre. Ah. BATHING FATALITY AT RUNCORN. Cerept, • S. W'orsley, &ranee, held an inquest at Runcorn tisee'V'rY on Monday, on the body of William Henry at aged 20 ylars, a native of Halifax, who was etic'd • in the Manchester Ship Canal between Runcorn been ori Point on Friday. The deceased who had 'with -186har on board the Schomer Equity of Aberyst- lhee",l%d recently enlisted for a soldier, and had been to ;'„,,g,'n Rencorn for the past month. He was unable geti;""nt but went into the Ship Canal for a bathe, and ch',rl4 tint of his depth called for help. Bis companion pe:,7 Hare, a sailor, swam to the place as quickly as vre,'"ro. tint he was too late to rescue him, h rise body %w ed by grappling three hours later, ayd l_Ce eotray conveyed the body to the mortuary. .T to„ner said it Was a deplorable fact that many sailors • net swim. He Thought that the Board of Trade eq'tl to be satisfied that these to whom they granted I"cates were able to swim seeing that they had, as it ere , ✓et, t,4 ve upon the waters. He trusted the subject latelVeceive the attention It deserved. He congratu- e Iltd-'re upon his efforts to rescue his companion.—A of accidentally drowned was returned. eto to e, rite niTceisam's, 51. High-street. Runcorn, for the best QUINEA WATCH a workingmen can have,— Add. Theo TREAT TO WORKHOUSE INMATES. ngh the genercsity of Messrs. M. Williams and fl Ilho„fi.wood, Guardians for Frodsham, the inmates of .he , to 47, Institution were, on Saturday afternoon, treated shoe Musical "entertainment, executed by the Fred- Volunteer Band. Tile following programme was ,„ e theeeeh • Q kstep, "No Retreat," GeOrge auee „ „ A tan ' taeie " The Mountaineer,' H;Round ; waltz. , Tee---ose without a Thorn," 'l'. fl. Wright; Noir „Phone," T. H. Wright • selection, Le Domino ). Net. Antler ; schottische, •• Invitation," Eugene Rose • A, eiti,", "-The Stranger," Bellini ; march, " Glori," T. : 444:2„11 Ride Britannia," Dr. Artie ; "God save the e re• ". During the afternoon the whole of the inmates •t, • Ititt, ulaPhed with fruit, buns, and coffee; the children beta ,!,w'-(ls, and the smokers with tobacco. The mem- ' the band were also given a substantial refresh- , leer • At the close of the entertainment hearty cheers the Riven for the donors, members of the band, and ape,'"arater of the "house," which betokened the full eiC°t'ation of every inmate for the great kindness Itendm towards them, ta4a,3",n want your WATCH REPAIRED by skilled workmen tttut a ALL .ITCHARD s.-11 .O nQED THEFT BY Sr. HELENS COLLIERS AT BOLD. kr. Monday afternoon, at Widnes Police Court, before foot 11. 'Wade Deacon, two colliers, named Thomas Ker- -4111:T:1P James Wynne, of Sutton, were charged on Pre," with stealing a silver watch and chain, the Pro'''.erLY of Thomas Potter, Sutton, and valued at £9. Ao,„"„_`caltor stated that on the afternoon of the 15th tort. he left the Priece of Wales' Hotel, Sutton. in 1re,133•03. with the landlord, John Houghton. They etld to the Baundary Vaults, where they saw prisoners, Ventness paid for half a gallon of beer, and then fiel,ll"til B i Boughton to Bold, where witness lay down n haei; and fell asleep. -Houghton went away, but came W and-n,d wakened witness, who then missed his witch aid-,"?'n• A young man named Barrow came up, and r'aeners had taken something from his pockets. °Rowed them and gave them into custody.—J. corurß,,,h,tOn, landlord of the Prince of Wales' Hotel, gave I• irative evidence, and added that prosecutor 'watl" to give prisonors £5 if they would turd up the eboc h--William James Barrow said he was sitting down Rtidtliti 100 yards from where Potter was lying asleep, ket,aw defendants go up to him and rifle his pee- enepe—ee.C. Forster (Bold) subsequently received pris- . 'nto•custody. He had se arched for the watch, but agai In't find it. There were 31 previous convictions nst Wrnne and 19 against Kerfoot.—The prisoners counkitted to the Quarter Sessions. litl%l4lcAßres have now stood the teat for fifty years, and „Idtt.3' and fit-)t-class workmanship are scut guaranteed.— oti It MATE'S CLAIM TOR WAGES AT RUNCORN. etultonday,at Runcorn Petty Sessions,Stephen Evans, e_ rI the schooner mostyn, lying in the New Dock, ages, "rn, was summoned by Thomas Davies for £5 55., • 3 a,leged to be 'due for services performed as mate enci ,f,•tird ship. Mr.J. Burton appeared for the plaintiff, Evens (Herbert Lewis, and Davies, solicitors, e ei; t '01) was for the " defendant. The plaintiff said .27th ?Pad with the defendant in Preston Docks, on the liee„ "el at £3 15s. per month, and he left the ship at • hire sTrn on the 11th inst. The reason he discharged Was that when leaving Newhaven ha and the • IvOuleri !lad a " ward or two," and the latter said he aIS _ a e!lilie scharge him at the first port lie came to. Wit- -14.0711,,d him to turn back and put him ashore, but he tlnt• He had received 10s, on account o! his e4rlesi, aleaving the amount claimed due.—In ceoes- the ea" t,ion witness acknowledged that he had given rect. Rtain a bill tor £5 2. 61., which he said was cor- Little 1111° also admitted that while the ship was at tfr 11,1 511110100 he was not working a day and a half drinking.—The plaintiff said the defendant was ea,g the whole of the 19th July and part of the next thel'eswtl,,,e,n, the ship should have sailed. He had several clays I 'tiered to pay the plaintiff his wages, less the two it, 11'0 was away drinking,but he had refused to take The ° was now willing to pay on those conditions.— thereupon gave a verdict -for £4 17s. 61,and "ue no order as to costs.,

RUNCORN WATERWORN, COMPANY.

Tie extraordinary meeting of shareholders will Le held on Monday afternoon. The business is to declare a dividend, elect two directors, and appoint an auditbr. In their teport the directom sty the revenue. lite , shows a balance of £1,201 17.5. 4d., including £l9 7s. brought from the previous half year ; out of which the birectors reeomtnend a dividend of five per cent, free frotn in- come tax. This will absorb £750, leaving a balance of . £451 17s. 4d. to be carried forward. FATAL ACCIDENT AT WIDNES. . .

_ Yesterdarafternoon at Widnes Accident Hospital, Mr, S. Brighouse, held an inquest upon Charles McLoughlin, aged 55 years, who had resided at 33, Sankey-street. The deceased was a labourer at the Widnes Alkali Works and on Saturday morning, the 11th lost., he had emptied a wagon of salt cake and was descending to the ground, when ho slipped and fell upon his head upon tramway metals. He was taken in.an unconscious con- dition to the hospital where he died on Tuesday. me jury returned a verdict of " Accidental death."

ACCIDENT ON THE SHIP CANAL W °RAS, NYAR RUNCORN. Oil Thursday evening, between six and seven o'clock, a serious accident betel Samuel Smith, a native of Brierlev Hill, Staffordshire, whilst following his employ- ment at SaßpOrt. Fle was englged in the' hoisting of some barrels, when he got between two, and was severely crushed. 'He thereby sustained severe internal injuries. After being medically examined at his lodgings, Mersey-street,'Huncorn, he was taken to the Latchford hospital by a special engine. RuscosiN AND WIDNES AND THE COAL STRIKE.

The coal strike is having a very serious effect upon the trade of these towns. In Widnes the chemical works are partially closed, and the Tharsis Copper Company. is totally stopped, and about 3,000 men are thrown out of employment. In Runcorn the Weston N. 1 works, the Copper works are closed, as are alio the works of Messrs Wigg at the Old Quay. At Runcorn Alkali works also a number of men have been stopped this week. The shipping trade is also baing seriously interfered with. About a hundred boats are tied up in the canals in Runcorn d6trict, at the docks about a dozen schooners are waiting for cargoes, and at Saltport Mr. Rowlands has three large steamers lying idle. Tradesmen are complaining bitterly of had trade. Iffs.itiasoz CIF Miss SIMISTER, OF RUNCORN.

At St. Paula Wesleyan Chapel, Runcorn' on Wednes- day morning, Miss Lily Simister, youngest daughter of Mr. T. Simister, of Runcorn, was married to Mr. Menrig Lloyd Davies, eldest son of Mr. W. Davies, of Liverpooi. In consequence of a recent bereavement in the family of the bride, only the immediate relatives of both families were present. The Rev. J. W. Simister,. of Scarborough, brother of the bride, conducted the ceremony, and subsequently breakfast was partaken of at the house of the bride's father, Bottom Locks. The presents were numerous and valuable, and included a a handsome marble timepiece and bronzes from the employees of Hutchinson's Works, Widnes, and a silver tea tray and service from the employees and friends of Messrs. Muspratt and Son's Works, Liverpool. - Mr. Davies is the manager of both works. The newly married couple are spending the honeymoon in' Sot- land. BIRICENEFAD VICTORIA A v. RITNCORN. Played at Birkenhead Park, on Wednesday evening. J. Brocklebank and Shore for Victoria took six wickets for 35 and three for 24 runs respectively. Scores :

_ -- --- VICTOI. lA.. RUNCORN'. J Brocitlebank c S Frith Rev—Jam'son b Shore. b Clat!ey lO R Cooks° s run out 2B W J. Davits c sub b F H Crompton b Shore t Pops GS Brown b F Pops S V Shore b Cookson 27 II Pope a c.' Br eklebanic b W BrocklebanK C Cross b J Broekltbank ... . 9 Gatle v ' 0 J W Frith b J Erockly- I B Knight run out 6 ' bank 4 II A Adams b Crompton 1 A E Limb b J Brockleb mk 0 J Fish c G Frith b V Pope 9 S Cross b J Erocklebank L Hobson not out Hooper c Cross b F Pope 12 bank 6 W Lee lbw b F Pope ....... 3 F Pope b Shore 0 W Knowles not out Extras ......... ~.... 5 Extras..

Tr.ta' lO9

Total B5

FATAL FALL DOWNSTAIRS AT WIDNES. Mr. S. Brighouse, coroner, held an inquest, at the Derby Hotel, Widnes, on Tuesday touching the death of James Matthews, forty-8x years of age, a copperworks labourer, who resided at 3, 'Wands-street. Widnee.—lt appeared that deceami had been subject to periodical tits and dizziness. About one o'clock on Sunday morn- ing deceased got up and, in answer to his wife said he was going to the children's room to see if they were covered. Immediately afterwards Mrs. Matthews heard a noise as .if someone had fallen, and on going down- stairs with her son found deceinied lying at the bottom with a portion of one of the rails Of the staircase in his hand. It is believed that deceased missed his footing, and, to save himself, caught hold of one of the rails, which broke in his hand. He was placed upon the sofa and Dr. Allan sent for, but, he died upon his arrival and not having recovered consciousness.—A verdict of " Accidental death" WAS returned. ROBBERIES AT WESTON POINT. - •

At the Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday, Samuel Jeffs was charged with stealing Us. 31. in cash from the person of Edward Helsby, at Weston Point, on Friday.—Prosecutor was a labourer on the ' Manchester Ship Canal. He received his vrages,les.2,l. 1 arid during the day, rested in a cart and fell asleep. On awakening I nod his pmkets had been rifled, and the money, as well as Ilia pipe and tobacco taken. He went to the Weaver 11,..te1, and there found the prisoner, who declined to give up the money or the articles. P.C. Hammersley was called in, and searching Jeffs found in his possession Ili. 3.1., in money, the tobacco and the pipe produced. He gave different stateinee.ts as to having earned the money by working at Acton Grange. —Prisoner now pleaded guilty, and was committed to. gaol for 14 dayS. Charles Daniels • was charged with stealing a cardigan jacket, value 53., at Weston Point, on the 17th Mat, the property of Wm. Knightley. The parties lived .. together in a hut at Weston Point. The jacket was safe on Wednesday evening, and was missed on the following day, on the evening of which he sold it to Arnold Unsworth, outfitter, High-st., for is. on con- dition, as Mr. Unsworth remarked, that he purchased it agaireon the Saturday for is. 31—Superintendent ' Atherton : Then you keep a pawnshop P—Mr. Unsworth No, I bought it Clean out.—Superintendent Atherton : ' It is a pawnshop to all intents and purposea.—P.o Hammersley apprehended the prisoner who now pleaded , guilty and was committed to gaol for 14 days. :

, - WIRRAL AND BIRICENDEAD AGRICULTURAL Snow, We beg to remind our readers that the entries close to-day (Saturday) for the Wirral and Birken- head Agricultural Society's show to be held on the 7th and Bth September. We understand that the entries so far have been very few, and in many classes there is not a single entry.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
ifo-W-LINel: AT CROFT.

The members of the Horse Shoe Inn Bowling Club had a picnic to Patricroft on Saturday, and played their closing main of bowls away on the green at the Waggon and Horses, Peel Green. The following were the prize winners, the prizes con- sisting of cash : 1, T. Edginton ; 2, 11 Shaw; 3, W. Straw. Consolation prizes : 1, G. Brimelow, 2, W. Maines ;'3, T. Houghton. A substantial knife altd fork tea was partaken of.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
g•ANHEY SCHOOL BOARD.

A meeting of this Board was held on Thur.day afternoon in the Board room Great Sankey. The chair was occupied by the Rev. E. S. Jackson. Mr. Skelton, Mr. Joseph Wright., and Mr. Sutton (clerk) present. The Clerk was instructed to prepare a precept upon the overseers of Great Sankey for the sum of £4O. The headmaster presented his repot t for the month from which it appeared that in the week ended August 10ai, there were 303 children rn the books and the average attendance wae 248. The Clerk also reported that the election of a School Board had been held and .that Captain Ridgway, Rev.E. S. Jackson and Mr. Skelton had been de- clared elected and also that it would be necessary for the Board to appoint two additional members. On the proposition of the Rev. E. S. Jackson, seconded by Mr. Wright, it was resolved that the best thanks of the Board be given to Captain .Ridg- way, as chairman, and Mr. Skelton, an vice-chair- man, for their services during the past three years.

• GENERAL WOLFE ANGLTNG SOCIETY. . - -

' The twelfth annual match of the above society .took place on Saturday in a portion of the river Weaver at Vele Royal, Northwich. Although the number of members has decreased in recent years, the turnout of the anglers was quire up to the average, and the meeting was one of the most suc- cessful irp the annals of the club. Some 38 mem- bers participated in the afternoon's sport, and some capital results were recorded. A useful lot of prive lied been generously given by 'several tradesmen in the town, and these were presented on Monday grening by Mr. James Bradshaw (Wigan), who has earned notority as being the "champion angler of Great Britain." The arrangements were ably car- ried out by Mr. Joseph Langley, hon. secretary, whilst Messrs. W.Woods and James Deckhouse every satisfaction as judges. Detaijs :--• lb. cc. dr. . 1-3ohn Bradshaw 2—R. Nash 3—W. .11ster Ol5 15 . 4-3. Aleock 5-18. Iletry 6-3. Langley 0 14 7 7-3. Buicroft 6—P. Green 9—W. Bolton 0 8 11 10—S.1ay1or • 0 7 4 11-7'. Sanson 0 7 4 . - 12—It, Sister ... O6 8 13 -3. Dickinson 0 5 8 14-3. Leathn 0 4 3 . 15—T. Gray 0 3 10 16-3. Buckley 0 3 5 17-3. Singietm 0 2 11 18—B. siewio 0 2 8 19—W. Bete 0 2 2 20-3. Hough ' And 18 other prizes. .

===== 0002601_18930826_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX A M INE R, SATURDAY, AUGUST 26, 1893.

Too .lIARP FOIL TrIN BAILIFD.

The officials of the Warrington County Ginn are narticidurly requiring:the preaent address of one Robert Daniels, a debtor, whom his Honour had ordered to confinement for a certain period in con- & (pence of his refusal to concede with an order." It appears that, on Monday last the' head bailiff had Mr. Robert Daniels', in his especial care, his 'duty being to see him safely lodged in Strangeways Gaol. The two reached the Central Station, Warrington, land the :bailiff booked two seats:, 'Having done.this they walked to the top end of the platform, and awaited the arrival of the train which was to con- ' vey them to their destination. Robert- begged to he allowed for one moment to go to the lavatory, and after special pleading his recrest was allowed. : Ile was suddenly alarmed by seeing Robert clear ; the met als,aleto clear a railing, and then disappear - over. In wall into Crown-street.. The bailiff" fol- lowed kis leader," hut unfortunately he could not keep him in sight, and, amidst the iutrieaciesi of Cockhedge, custodian and prisoner woe lost. DlErittio O JOURNALISTS. The querterly meeting of the members,of the I,i erpol District of the institute .of Jonrnalists was held on Saturday afternoon, in the Town Hall, Mr. Wm. zi"cott , Sout hpert, in the chair. The report of the secretaries (Messrs. J.:Mason and T. J. Brown) was nresented, and the report of the lion. treasurer (Mr. Mason) followed. Regret was expressed that the subscriptions had come in slowly. and the sub- dist ries were called Upon to at once hold meetings to discuss the question. On the motion of Mr P.L. _Thomas (Chester', seconded by Mr;Jowett (Walla- sey), Mr. J. A. Wilcox, M.P., was nominated as a ewe-president of the Institute. It was. moved by Mr. Blunt (Southport),seconded by Mr:H. o.ll,obin- son (Liverpool), and carried—" That a suggestion be forwarded to the Orphan Fund Committee to the effect. that. an appeal be made to the newspaper proprietors of the country for donations to the capi- tal fund with the ObjtTt. of bringing it up to £20,000." The Chairman announced that he had received a letter from Sir Edward Russell, who had been ;congratulated upon hieing raised to the dignity, of knight. St. Helens was selected for the ii,xr ' quarterly meeting. A vote of thanks was passed to the Dlayor of Warrington (Alderman Greened') for ; the use of the Mayor's parlour.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
TRINGS REA ItD AN D SEEN AT

RUNCORN.

BY AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT..

The approaching election of Runcorn Commis- sioners Continues to be a constant topic of conver- sation, but there is very little ii.formation of a definite character tu be gleaned. " Who was com- ing out? "is the ever repeated query, and to it no satisfactory answer cetild be given. There is no nomination of candidates. Each rateuayer on the day of election may vote for whosoever he chooses provided the man of his choice has the necessary property qualification. At the la 4 election cote gentleman to show the farcical side of the system, titled up his paper at the last moment with the names of five clerical gentlemen, but the returning officer did not read them when declaring the result of the poll, probably out of respect, mistaken though it was, for the obsolete and rotten system. Numerous candidates within the past year have promised that the bal ot should he introduced, but their performances have not equalled their promises. Probably next week we shall have a number of addresses issued to ".fellow ratepayers " and then a more correct idea can be formed as to the number of candidates.

Runcorn Brewster Sesions on Monday was oils of the quietest and shortest held during the past ten years. The Superintendent's report showeit a satisfactory condition of affairs, at which the Bench.e4ressed their nleasure,and having granted the renewal oh the theatre license and about half- a-dezeu ttansfers of licenses, the business was - brought to an end. In Widnes licensing mattere also appear to be in every way satisfactory, the holders of licenses having conducted their business without complaint. •

The typhoid fever epidemic in Widnes is causing the health C.unmittee of the Corporation consider- able disquietude. The disease is on the increase sun the Infectious Diseases Hospital is quite full. It has been suggested that the Smallpox Hospital- should be used, but this would necessitate the employment of another nurse and there is no sleep- ing acconimodation fot her. In fact the present staff have to scheme very cutely to make them- selves at all comfortable. The mstrou's liQuse is too small and ought at once to be enlarged.

It occasionally happens when a young man leaves his home, his wife—if 6e has one—and his friends,e amt.goes Co London, he meets people whom it wer better be had never seen. A Lendorrebntemporary the other day descrsbed a little romance under the heading of " k countryman's Adventures," and re- lated how a youth from VVidnes named 'Richard Evans lost his watch at the Crystal Palace. To the credit of the provincial be it said, he stuck to the man he suspected of" pinching" his time machine, and when the magistrates heard the story, not- withstanding the prisoner's protestations to the ' contrary, he decided to send him for trial. Then the smart and clever Cockney disembled, and remarked to the justice that, rather than go before another judge he would plead guilty. That observation entitled him to. three months' retirement. Thus you have the leading episodes necessary to point a mord and adorn a tale. but why the superior people of London .should call the narrative " A countryman's Adventure " is somewhat strange. No one with the slightest knowledge of Widnes would describe' that borough as a country place. When a fellow dreams about the country he pictures green fields, leafy glades; acres of waving corn, or meadows of sweet scented hay. But there are none of these things at Widnes and therefore a Widnesian is not a countryman. The atmosphere of Widnes i 3 too scientific, too redolent of commerce, is pregnant with the higher walks of industry, the subtle aroma of caustic soda and the insidious perfume of hydrochloricsulphide- basicacetalepiotoxideofnitrogen and other delicate scents to allow a blade of grass to grow with free- dom, promptitude, neatness, and despatch. So you will at once understand that a man who should he so fortunate as to survive a few years in the ozone- laden climate of Widnes can always sclrn the insinuation t hat he is a countryman. He is merely an animated chemical concoction whose symbol is expressed thus:-512:11N3.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES CORPORATION AND THE WATER SUPPLY.

Messrs. J. Brock and H. Wade Deacon were em- ployed for some time at Widnsa Petty Sessions. on Thursday, hearing a number of prosecutions by the Corporation, for misuse of the towns weer. Mr. G. Allen (Messrs. Oppenbeitn and Malkin. St. llelons)• conducted the case—Alfred Clarke, Rock. lane, Upton, was summoned for allowing Wm. Wood to take a quantity of water to use for domestic purposes, without the consent of the Corporation. Mr. Allen stated that Mr. Wood was the occupier of a cottage of which the defendant was the agent. There was no water supply in the cottage and • Woods fetched all the water he required from the defendant's house. In this way the payment of the water rate for the cot- tage was evaded. Several of these cases had been brought before the Corporation, who wished to put a atop to the practice.—The evidence showed that the Corporation servants had been aware for some years that there was no water supply to the house.—Mr. Brock remarked that it was curious that the Corporation should take no no thee for such a long time and to mark their view of this re.nissness, a fine of only is. and costs was imposed upon the defendant. who hari clearly broken the law.— George Lowe, Green-lane, Ditton, was summoned for using his domestic Supplr for the purposes of his 'atm- dry.—Defenolant said he had carried on the business for 22 years, and paid no water rate. He had been told by the landlord that he pad all the rates.—Mr. Allen said there were other laundries in the district and the owners paid for the water.—Mr. Brock said the defendant had evidently been defrauding the Corporation for a number of years, and they ought to have found him out before. —A fine of 208. and costs was imposed. Ellen PM-titer, 1 Green-lane, Ditton, Peter Shaw, Ditton, John Carter, loss-row, Widnes all the proprietors of laundries, were sudißnoned for a like cffence, but as the circumstances were not so had as the last csse. A fine of 2s 61. and costs was imposed in each case.—Joseph whitfiehl, Hough Green, did not appear and he was fined 10-1, and cests.—Mr. Brock said there ought to he some 'means taken to let such people know they had to pay. The Bench thought some of the defendants had been sinned against because tber did not understand they had to pay.—Mr. Allen said he was informed that notices were posted Sims five or six years ago and he understood that the Corporation were about to issue fresh notices.

Sir Joseph Baraby the famous organist and rooduc- tor,began at the afze of ten to teach the art of n hieh he was still a neoph.tte, and at twelve ho was c3lmidere I competent, and, Indeed, was so to play the organ at public services.

. 4 r

===== 0002601_18930826_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
WA.ESIN (JD )N LIC EN IN G • BESS IdN'S. THE SIDE-DOOR QUESTION. 4- A /MAGISTERIAL WARNING.

Tie annual licensing sessions for the borough of Warrington IVlti held on Thursday morning at the Police Court. The magistrates on the bench were : Alderman Holmes (in the 'chair), Me.asr.s. R. W. Francomb, F. Monks, John Fairclough. L. Voisey, J. Burgess, John White, Robert, Garnett, E. J. Guest, T. S. Smith, J. W. Hayward, 'Thomas Sutton. Witham Pierpoint, J. H. Fleming, sifirded Fairclough,Thocnas Buena'', Ziba Armitage. Henry Roberts, and J. H. Hornell. The various parties concerned were legally represented us follows :7-Mr. Chorlton. of Mancha-- ter, appeared on behalf of Mr. Pickagancetooppo-e the renewal of the license of the Lion Hotel ; Mr. Woodbure,•barriser, of-Manchester (instructed by Mr. Arthur Browne), represented Messrs. Walker and Sore; Mr. Robert Davies represented Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and Co., and Mr. Percy Davies appeared for Councillor Bolton. ;The temperance party were represented in the body of the court by the Revs. J Kir; lan.,,(Wrsleyan), John Yonge (Con- gregational). E. T. Reed (Reformed (hurch), and J. W. Varley (Baptist) ; and Messrs. William Roberts, S. B. Stringer, John Dandy, R. Storey, and J. Drury. The court was crowded and much interest; was taken in the proceedings.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
rlfll CIIIEF CONSTADLE'S REPORT.

The Chief Constable SraiTinTi-it-t-eir ;17.;‘1;11-o.veing re- port to ti.e magistrates :,-(lentletnen.—l have the honour to lay before you my f.'rtith annual return re- lative to • the Brewster t.essions. The tables sub- mitted show the number of licensed victuallers and beerhouse keepers proceeded against sinci; the last Brewster Sessions, the number of persona appre- hended and summoned for drunkenness, numbers discharged and convicted ; the number of licensed victuallers,beerhouse keepers,and off license holders in the b.nough, and the number of licenses which have been transferred during the year. The appli- cations are: One for a provisional grant of a full ale-house license on premises sit nate at 112 and 114. Battersby-lane,which are intended to be altered to ' plans which will be submitted, and one to sell beer 'to be consumed off the premises, the occupier of which is now the holder of a grocer's license t sell wine and sPirits,situate at 326,1inutsford-road. The following licensed houses were closed at the end of July,according to the decision arrived at during be last BreWater Sessio.ns, namely, the Pox Inn, the Bear's Paw, the Corner's Arms,. full ale-house licensee ;and the White Bear, Black Horse, and the Olive Branch beerhouses. Two full ale-hou e li- censes have been opened in lieu, namely :—The Imperial Hotel, Hoyle-at. and. the Albion Hotel, Battersby-lane. Four licensed Victuallers have been proceeded against- since lasf Brewster Sessions, three being convicted and fined,and one dismissed; one beer- house keeper and one off-licence holder were also, before the Bench, the case against the former being dismissed, t.ll. the litter convicted iend fined. Twenty-eight licensed victuallers, nine beeshouses, and twelve other public rooms, including church schools, gyminvium, music hall, ke., were licensed for music, making a total of 49, and there have been no reports against any of them for misconduct. The Lion hotel is licensed fin dancing as well as music. Profassionahs are not employ- ed at puhlic-houses licensed for music. The number of lie.ensed houses:in the borough is—lice.nsecl victuallers. 87 ; beerhouse keepers, .45 ; and off-license holders, 72, total, 204 The proportion of population' which at the census of 1892 was 52,742, is 258 110 t o each licensed house. Every effort is being made to carry out the licensing laws st-idly and itnpartially, and the license lieldeis are very careful in conducting their business. The return for drunkenness again shows a decrease daring I the last year. The report further showed that the ' number of persons convicted of drunkenness durin:Y. the year was 345 males, and 142 finales; discharged, 54 males, and 61 females;, total, 606. This is a decria.s... on last year of 74.

THE LION HOTEL LICENSE,

The Clerk said the first ea.se on the list was an Pppli- caziou tor the renewal of the license of the Linn Hotel, Bridge-st., occupied by Mr. J. Taylor.: The license was objected to by Mr. Edward Pickavanc?, l-ather mer- chant, 87 Bridge-st. He was represented by Mr. Chorl- ton , of Manchester, and the s ppl ic4nt by Mr. ‘Vodd borne, of Manchester. instructed by Mr. Arthur Browne. The following is the

===== 0002601_18930826_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTICH OF 013JECTION

served upon Mr: Taylor by Mr. Pickavance: Take notice that I the undersigned intend at the next ensuing Brewster Sessions to be held in and. for the Borough of . Warrington on Thursday, the 2lth dav of august, to • object to 'the renewal of your license for the s tle ,of intoxicating liquors at the said Lion Hotel and that the grounds of my opposition to such renewal are in general terms : (1). That. having regard to the neighbourhood and the wanta of the inhabitants. tI ereof, the house now called the Lion If ()tut in Br ice- street, Warrington, is not necessary, as a licensed house for the sale of intoxicating liquori, there being numer- ous fully licensed houses tor 8,1110 of intoxicating liquors ! wi :di, 100 vyarda thereof. (2) That ..fAseph Tayl,r the : present licensre is only tho salaried man Teer of such hotel for the firm of Walker and Sons, Litncd, Liverpool, .wh ) are the real owners of the licensed premises, and carry on the husinesa of licensed victuallers therein, for their own .benefit,. That recently. vaults for the sale .4 intoaie,t ing iiquora have been opened in that part of the Lion Hotel premises or the lower side of the open way or passage from Bridge-street to the ha dc premises of the hotel, and a daorway Or I.ntiance from such passage has ! been made into,such vaults, and a furtlwr doorway has been opened Irian such vaults into Ship Yard, whereby , persona can pass from the said passage through the vaults into Ship Yard and thence into Bridge-street, and also into Lower Bank-street, and thus afford facilities for improper and excessive supply of intoxicating liquors and avoid or prevent etlident police supervision. (4) That the said Joseph Taylor has during the IDE twelve months end especially by means of such hack-door • leading into .hip-yard caused or permitted disturbances, nuisances and drunkenness, obscene language, and misconduct, and has sold intoxicating drink to children and young persona, and disorderly scenes .between men and women are of constant occurrence more t stecially: on Saturday and Sunday nights.'? Mr. IL Storey was the first witness called to prove the service of the notice upon the applicant, lie said : I was present on the 1111) of August and saw Mr. Joseph Taylor served with a • copy of the notice by Mr. Chorl- ton's clerk, at the Lion Hotel, Warrington, and was also present when a copy of the notice tea left at the office of Mr. H. B. White, when a registered letter containing a copy of the notice was posted to Mr. Taylor.-Cross-esamined by Mr. Wood- house witness denied being a member of the Temper- mace Federation, He had not . been a r.,:ember for 18 months. Be had not seen the notice served on Mr. Taylor on behalf of , the Taupe: a.r.ce Featrationi but on behalf of Mr. Pickavance.—Mr. Wood- burns : Is net Mr. Pickavance a catspaw ? I don't wish to be_ollensive, but is it not a fact that the movers in this oppoSition are really the Temperance Federation ? —Witness : There are more than the Temperance Feder- Woodburn•; Well, the Social Questions Union then ?—Witness : Yes. TEMPERA:XS MAGISTRATES ASKED TO RETIRE.

Mr. I,l47oo—sclbur'n—e—salrile- considered that it would be ! better for nll magistrates on the Bench, who were mem- bers of the Temperance Federation, or who took part in their proceedings to retire from the Bench daring the hearing of the case. He submitted that suggestion Yiith all deference, and thought he was supports,d in it by a decision reported by the " LAW' Times "in a use of t e (raven agdrist Frier and others tried by Mr. Justice Cave and Mr. Justice %'right. Mr. Choilton : I think my friend Val misinterpreted the decision. I read it that So long as the nugistrates on the Bench who Were connected with a Temperance Association had not atteinbnl a meeting at which were passed resolutions against the license, there was no necessity for them to withdraw_ _

Mr. Woodburn° wad th-e-e-slia..et referred to, and then suggested that those nmnhers of the Bench interested in the Temperance Federation should retire. _ . _ . . .

. Mr; Cliorlton :1 cairn it upon mvself to advise such members of the Bench not to be inftrenced bv any such thing. This case is not being conducted by any body whatever and I have had my instructions simply from Mr. Piciravance.

. The Mavistrates Clerk (turning to the Bench) :.No one but yourselves know if you are interested in this case and therefore it is left to yourselves individually whether you retire or not. Mr. H. Roberts : lan here es a Justice of the Peace, and I mean to remain here and du my duty. (Boar, hear.) Dr. Gornall : I shall aleo remain. lam here not in the interests vf the brewers but I am here .to do what my oath as become a Justic.e of the Peace pledged me to do.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CASE AGAINST THE LION..

Mr. Chorlton then proceeded to mike his statetnent. Ile raid he was not there t% oppose in itself the renewal of the license of the Linn Hotel •, he was there simply to object to something which had been erected in connec- tion with the hotel during the past two years, and which according to his instructions had altered the char- acter which the Lion Hotel had held for a great number of years. Mr. Piekara.nce would tell them that he had known the hotel for 20 years, and for 18 years he had not had a single cause for complaint except in one instance which concerned a servant girl from the hotel. The nuisances now complained of had arisen during the past two years, and that *as since the hotel had been controlled by Messrs. Walker and 'orta., who had opened a vault on' the right hand side of the hotel. Mr. Cheri- ton then described the nature of the side-entrance to the Linn Hotel in Bhip-”trd to which he objected. The place was such he said that it was impossible for 1 the police to exercise proper supervision. Their cause of complaint was chidlv this : Mr. Pickavance's back dor was situated in a ark corner of Ship yard,

.

and here, during both the day time and night, Mr. Pickavatice witnessed scenes of a disgusting character. His house immediately overlooked the yard, snd his bedroom was quite close to it, and besides being com- pelled to witness the most disgraceful scenes, he and Ins family were compelled to hear language of a truly dis- gusting character. Mr.Pickavance would tell them that since J.inuary this year, he haa witnessed coracle times scenes which took place in that yard wtileh were a dis- grace to Warringtoo, and should not be allowed to con- tinue another day. And the whole thing was due to the effort on the part of a gnat brewing company to in- crease the facilities for increasing their dividend. Ili; Eaid that advisedly, for Mr. Pickavance would tell them : for 18 years before Messrs. Walker were connected wit the hotel, no cause of complaint had arisen. Per- iiaps their Clerk would advise them that the law had nothing to do with the vaults apart from the whole license (4 the hotel. Hut the law had. They could say to the licensee that the source of the complaint should he stopped at once, and they should compel the licensee to have the hotel conducted as it had been for the last half century. •

Mr.F.d ward Pickavance was next called. • l• stated that the cause of complaint arose when the vaults which were opened. The corners of the yard behind his door, which had been described by 4r. Choriton were used as urinals by people coming out of , the vaults. since the vaelts had been opened there had been a succession of scenes of a dis;raceful character which he had witnessed behind his house, and he hada family including three daughters, who were liabk to witness any of these abominable scenes. Ile had taken a memorandum of several of these seems. lie had inade notes on the day of the occurrences, unless these happened on a Saturday night or Sunday when the nrtes were written on the Monday. Mr. Picicavance then read notes of 18 scenes of the character complained of whieh had taken place behind his door by ' persons coming out of the vaults. There were cases where men had come but of the "milts and vomited at : his door sometimes at the door in the yard and some- times at the door at the front ivhich adjoined the fuont entrance to the Vaults. Other eases were given of drunken men and women being found together fighting and quarrelling in theyard,and witness mentioned that he was constantly compelled to swill the yard for soma feet about hiseloorway to remove the vomit and other filth. Ile had not instituted that objection at the instigation of eitner the:Temperance Federation or any other body but had done s) out of censiderations of personal conveni- ence and of time public welfare. In answer to Mr. Chorl- ton, he addod, that when he went to ask the people who emitted scenes in the yard to go away they only cursed him. On one occasion he went out and found a man ly- ing on the &Grand there was a woman lyine within a few inches ef him. Ile ordered them away and pointed out the abominable state they were in, whereupon the woman commenced to curse him. The condition of timings for the first la years was a Paradise in comparison to what , .bad.exist;id during the past 18 mantlls. .

A SCSNX.—A IVITNIESS TUREATEVED • . By Mr. Woodburne,:. Did you, vvei make c.anplaints about these things ?—Yes, 1 have made complaints to the 'Chief Constable, to the Town Clerk, and to others.—Did you ever make a onuplainit to the Manager. Mr. Taylor? —No. When 1 asked for the manager' the bead hamari. was always sent t.) me.—Well, have the police laid any complaints. Dave they ever hal any prosecutions ?—I don't know.—What, you do not know ? —No.—You munt know, if you have been watchiog the tell you Ido not know I hive been witching for cases of nuis- ance, and Hot prosesui ions.—Dol you ever offer Me,srs. Walker and Co. your prop-qty for £2,ool—My good man I never made t•tica ain you address me in that manner, sr ; I Win IPA have ir.—You should tie careful then of the upotation you in ike against me.— Did you not ultim itchy offer to all for £1.503, and undertake te make no opposition to tile back entrain:cot the vaults. —No, I did not offer that—bit it would .he understood that I could not raise any objection because I undertook tolive off the preinis-s.—Did you not ask for £5OO for a workshop,and did you not eveTually drop the price to £l5O ?—Yes, but I did it on the advice of my cowls I, Mr. Brownie, chieflythrough him not doing " job" as_well as he might have 'done it.—Mr. Brownie You must be careful what you sly about me, Mr:Tickavance, or you will hear of it agam.—Mr Chorl- ton : tie may sty what he pleases, Mr, Browne, and you have no right to threaten him here:—Mi. Womburne (to the witness) : Was that workshop worth £7O P—l think • it was. ' I would give them hack what they gave me if• -they would put the shop as it was before.—Did you have camversations with Mr. Clough, the barman ?—Yes And did you not tell him that your grievance against Walkers' was bnanal they would not give you £1,13)0 for your pioperty ?—Nothing of the sort.—Do you swear it ?-lres ; twenty times.—Mt.Choriton i Only a wear it once, Mr. Pickavanc(. (Laughter.)—Da you riot think it possible that many of the people Whom y an SAW in the scenes which. you have deszrihed, came into the yard. from the main street F—l don't think 5), because - watched them come from the vaults —Well, is it moth% fact that the door leading to the yard was chised ten minutt s before closing time, at. your Suggestion, because the compans were anxious to meet you-?.-L.No. It WiiS done at the suggesion of Mr. JAITICS, the company's • representative.—ln answer to a qu,s'im put by Mr. Chorlton, witness said that there was no exit a Italy thrown into the yard. 'Mere was an extra lamp, but it was placed inside the vauhs door, and only served throw out a straight light into the yard, rendering the , corners ciarker than over.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR ME DEFENCE.

Mr.Woodburne in his defence contended that there had been no evidence given as to bad maEazemeot Cr against the licensee. There had been no evidence by the police, no complaint by them and he contended that, if the entrance in the 3 ard was closed the scenes would co on just the same, because the people would come from the main streets. Mr. Taylor, the licensee was , known to be a highly respectable man, and the hotel was one of the oldest and best conducted places in the town. The proprietors of the hotel had made the p!ace as sani• tary as they possibly could, and he asked the bench in justice not to take au ay that license, even admitting for the sake of argument that s-me who had come from the hotel hail been so uncleanly and indecent in Meif habits as not to use the urnials provided for them. He pointed out that the opening of the side-door had been sanctioned by the magistrates in November, 1891. Mr. Roberts : Who were the magistrates •?' . Mr. IVoodburne : Mr. Francornb, and Mr. Sutton. Last year the license bad been renewed. Mr. Chorlton There was no otlectlon. Mr. Wright,manager for Messrs. Wa'ker and Co., said it was their intention to make the Lion Hotel one of the finest in England. The magistrates, had, in open court, sinctioned the at erations,om Itemise they would not have been made. Witness also spoke to the negotiations be- tween the 'hotel primipriet,rs and Mr. Pickavance with regard to the sale of the latter's property. Mr. John Fairclouch : Were the negotiations before Mr. Pickavance took these notes or alter? Witnrss ; Before. Continuimr, he said they emphati- cally declined to buy at the price asked. Mr.Pickavanee had asked £5OO for the workshop, which ho (witness) thought was worth £6O or £7O, but as they wanted the place for urinal accommodation, they paid £l5O upon a distinct understanding- Mr. Charlton (interrupting) : Is that undentanding writing? Witntst : I have got a letter in my pocket. Tk letter was then handed to the Beech, and witness added that the understanding was that Mr. Pickavance .would withdraw all opposition to the back door of the hotel. He was not present when that arrangement was come to. 0 Cross-examined by Mr. Chorlton, witness said he did not live in Warrine,ton, and he had never been in Ship- yard hi the nighttime. He would not say that the scenes Mr. Picks vance had described were not witnessed. Mr. Monks, referring to the letter that had been handed lip to the bench, said it was quite within time knowledge of the bench that there was a dispute as to the right over certain land, and that letter appeared to be a tiurchase to settle the question of right, Witness : That is so. . .

Mr. Monks : It is not a bargain to buy off a man from objecting to the results which might ensue for the opening of a side door. Witness : No; Mr. Pickavance was much-inclined to be 'disagreeable. John K..mirick, manager for the Warrington Carriage Company, whose stables are at the Lion Hotel ; Ann Monks, lodging-house keeper Peer Slakin.,tanner, liv-• ing in Bank-street ; and Ralph Johnson, of the firm of Messrs. S. E. and R. Johnson, cabinet makers, all de- posed that in their opinion the state. of affairs in Ship- yard had been improved since the side door was "opened. John Clough. head barman at the Lion lintel, said that since Mr. rickava.nee had made a complaint he ba I been careful to always ClO4O the side-door at ten minutes to ten o'clock en Sunday nights and ten to eleven on week nights. In answer to Mr. Cliorlton, he said the yard was perfectly clean, and all that it needed was sweeping. Mr. Joseph Taylor was next called, and in answer to Mr. IVoodborne said there had been no complaints made about the -vaults by the police air horitirs and it wati a fact that he frequently heard that the police said if they could only get all the houses in Warrington conducted in the same manner that there place was conducted in there would he less trouble. Mr. Chorlton : 'Are you the.manager for Messrs. Walker and Sons,and in their service.—Yes,l am the manager.— Are you engaged by themlas a paid manager.—Well ! Answer the question sir.—Welt, yes I am.—Then you- simply account to them for the money you take in the hotel and vault.—Yes. ANOTHER SCENE.

Mr. Roberts: I should like to see the agreement of tenancy.—,Mr. Voisey ; I don't think it necessary; it is not a complaint against - the tenancy.—Mr. Roberts : With all resf ect to you I beg to differ. As a justice of the peace I bare a perfect right to ask to see that agree- ment. --Mr. Sutton: Why everyone knows what the terms of their agreements are.—Mr. Roberts: I don't kuovr.—Mr. Voisey With all due deference to you I J protest that the agreement is not in the question under consideration .—Mr. Chirlton : Mr. Roberts has a perfect right to ask for the agreement for it is mcessary to know , who is the reeponsibl,. person.—Mr. Sutton : The terms lof their agreements are known all over the world.—Mr. ' Roberts: I Say they are not, sir.

MM

===== 0002601_18930826_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
TEE DECISION.

The Bench next retired to consider their decision, and after an absence of 25 minutes,.returned. The Chairtnan said : The res.lution we have passed is this : "That the application for the renewal of the license of the Lion Hotel be adjourned uutil the 2tst September, and if in the meantime the door in Ship Yard be not closed the license will be refused. This ap- plies to all other licensed places in the town which have back entrances for the sale of drink."

kir. R. Davies objected to the hate; clause in the reso- lution. He did so on behalf of Messrs. Greeriall and IWhitly. lie contended that the Bench had not the pnwer to adjourn applications,. unless formal •bjections be plaeed against particular licenses.. Mr. Browne : I represent the Licensed Victuallers Association, and I support Mr. Davies. Mr. Cliorlton : The Bench are quite justified in ad- journing any application if they think proper. Mr. Browne and Mr. Davie 3 simultaneously. : You have no right to speak:

Mr. Browne : You have no locus•standi. Your case is over and you do not represent anyone. Mr. Choriton : Asa solicitor 1 have a right to advise the_llench

Mr:dr-OW-he : Do you represent the Warrington Tem- perance Aisociatlon ? Mr. Chorbon : I shall not say an. Mr. Browne No. if you did we should soon quash that decision that has just been given. Mr. Chorlton : I have a parfect right in a court of Is w to speak upon a legal techne,mility. Mr. Browne : he Bench can get on without your in- terference. Mr. Choriton : I shall continue to justify the Bench In their decision.

• Mr. Browne : Sit down and do not interfere. Mr. Chorlton then quoted a section to prove the Bench had a right to take the step they lrad decided up- on, and he was supported by the Clerk. Mr. Davies said it was tie most extraordinary and most sweeping resolution be had ever heard of any bench passing. He considered it was unfair and unprac- tical : they would have to close every honse in Warring- 'ton if they carried out that resolution. They ought to specify What they objected to so as to give the applicant an opportunity to prepace for them.

The Chairman explained that Mr. Runt had been asked by the licensing Committee to get a last of the I ft:cooed houses with back entrances. That list was being prepitred and would be considered on Septembiir 21:st. Alderman Sutton and Afr. Voisey objected to the lot 1)11 a fill eliaractPra NI it as all unfair one. Mr. D ivies in ide a stigszeri!ion that the adjournment be not a final one, and while the Bench were cunsideri rig this he rose on behalf of the other solicitors on his side and FAO he would withdraw any req.:lest for a Favour from them, and leave the tmvtter as it stocsi at presMt contenting themselves by offering an indignant pro- test.; Th:t court thy adj turned. - .

COUNCILLOR BOLTON. AND HIS BEERTIOUSE. AN EXTRAORDINARY API'LICATION. ' " THE IMMORTAL BARD" IN. COURT.

At the afternoon sitting of the Warrington Licensing Se,sioos, nu Thursday. there were on the Bench Mr. P. 'Meeks chairman, Alderman Dohnes, Councillor Fleming and Mr.lityward. Mr. Perc- Davies made an applica- ti,in on behalf of Con:lc:lbw Win. Bolton, • for the full licensing of a r off licensed houseiii Ii ittershy-lane. Mr. R. D.: vies appeared to watch the case on behalf of Msirs. t reorall, Wenley and Cemrtany. Mr. P. D ivies said. that his application was as imp:ft- ant to his client as the decision of the ease that morning was to the great. company of Walker and &Nis, and it was as important as a decision about some new hstels concereing Mei•srs. Greenalt list year. It was the seventh year that the liwnse he applied for bad been before them. It was simply the impr‘ving of an off license. He wished Le WI them that the lease by which Mr. Bolton held the house einbraced seven sal a half acres of land in the vicinity and Mr. Bolton would undertake if they would grant' hi application to see that no other IL:lensed house should be opened in —that area. lie thought too that Mr. . Bolton was justiaed in expecting that license because they had granted the lice: I! of a new {rota in the neighbenrhool to the great firm of brewers, Messrs. 4}r ill and Co. It was a great injustice to Mr. Bolton that be should have been refused for seven years what was granted to the great company last year. They ought to have considered Mr. Bolton. He got his living by His: Sale of beer and Battersby-lane was a neighbour- hid which he had supplied until the new license was , granted, and now owing to not being able to compete with the now hotel with a full license,Mr.Balton was corn- plied to lose money. If the license was granted Mr. Briton Would put in AS tenant Mr. Whitfield, a respect- able man and trustworthy, as the Chief Constable would tell them. And with this promise they were not going to be like Messrs. Greenall and Whitley. They intended that the tenant they named should tenant the house. The tenants offered for their two new Pours by Messrs. Greenall and Whitley were bogus tenants. They brought Mr. Pilling and Mr. Clarke into Court and said that they would tenant the houses and the Bench were influenced on those grounds to grant the licenses. What was the result As soon as the licenses were granted two total strangers were brought to the houses, the decoy birds were taken away and a Partridge (he did not know tine its me of the other tenant) was brouicht. • (La tighter.) 'Chen again Messrs. Greenall and Whitley made some ungriteeini attack upon Mr. Bolton and brought wit- ty-87es to prove that their beer wee better than his. On the other inind he had now brought witnesses into court who .aould solemnly swear-,-yes, swear—that Mr. Bol- ton's liver was tar away batter than Greenall's. (Laegh- ter.) If it was not taking up their time to listen to witnesses swearing to the quality of Messrs. Greenall's beer then. ergo it would not b taking up their tim s to listen to witnesses swearing for Mr. Bolton's beer. (Laughter.) Mr. B. Davies : lVe did not bring witnesses up to swear ailything of the kind. One witness I believe did blurt out something about preferring Greenall's beer. Mr.!'. D.:vies : I am sorry to tread on the corns of my friend about the beer. I knew he was well up in Green- hir3 affairs, but did not know he was 5) well up in their beer. (La tighter.) Mr. It. Davies : lam just informed by Mr. Clarke that -my friend drew the statement abut the beer from one Of our witnesses in cross-examination,

• Mr. P. Davies Oh, I deny that. Do the Bench wish .tp hear my witnesses ? (Laughter.) The Chairman : Ni, thank you. Mr. P. D tvica : MI right, then, I will conclude with a quotation from the Immortal Bard :

• 'Our application's based upon facts RS firm FS rooks, Not baited by White Bear or cunning Fox, But oa ar,urnent sound, and facts of greatest force. Without the mystery Of Ilia Olive Branch or a Bleak Horse. We no ot Cr houses offer to hold up to you as charms, To :ors yII from right with ca.'s bow or Curilers' A•ms." Now, that is from the Imme,rtal Bird. (Loud laughter.) Mr. Wm. Bolton was then called, and stated that lie was prepared to spend £1,200 on the alterations to the house,and lithe Bench were not sttisfied he would make any other alterations they suggested. . Alderman Wright submittei the plans of alterations which he had drawn up for Mr.llolton,and in the course of examinatim slid he considered that Mr. Bolton ought to have the full Feense.

Mr Hunt, the Chief Constab!e, was sworn, and stated that he knew Mr. Whitfield, and thought he was a very suitable tenant. Ile also remarked that for the purposes of pulite surervision he would peter to have Afr.Holton's hous fully lieens.A. .

After a short consultation the Bench unanimously refuscd the application.

PRESENTATIONS -LAST NIGHT AT

===== 0002601_18930826_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
BEWS.EY ROAD CHAPEL.

A tea meeting and presentation was hell in a room adjoining the Bawsey-road Wesleyan Chapel, lair night. There were present, the Rev. J. Rioter), J. Gunnell, and A. Freeman (who is leaving the circuit) and several of the stewards and members of the church. After an excellent tea a meeting was held under the chairrn inship of the Rev. J. Kirtlan, when a presentation was made by the officers and leaders of the Bewsey-road Chapel to the Rev. A. Oreeman. The present consisted of a handsome travelling bag. Mr. Davey made the presentation on behalf of the donors, At the same meeting a presentation was also made to tilr. Pendlebury of a cabinet, by the members of Silver-street Sunday Se.hool band, of which Mr. Pendlebury has been the conductor for some time, and which has now been given up.

OCCASIONAL COURT. At the Warrington Occasional Court, yesterday. Thomas White was charge,l with stealing one vest, and two shirts, value 103., the property of Air. Bowles, Poulton. and also with stealing ono coat and one pair of trouser,snd other articles value the property of J. Bwle. of Poulton, on the 16th inst. Prisoner was committed to Warrington County Petty Sessions. - -

!EBELLIG THUS.—J. S. GA.RLAND, 51, Brldge-st., WArrlngton. WsuRINGTON TECHNICAL INSTITUTE.—ENTRANCE

SCHOLAres urrs.

On the result of the examination, which was held on the 15:h instant, entrance scholarships of the value of 10s. each have been awarded by the Museum Committee to the following boys and girls, pupils of elementary day schools in the town: Seth Payne. liliZabeth J. Andrews, Maggie C. stone, Margaret A. Hare, Alfled Starkey, Mary J. Carpenter, John Fair- dough, Thomas M. Peters, Harry Havison, Simeon Bailey, George Clarke, Herbert Greene, The Rev. M. Stevenson, M.A., acted as examiner.

. „ • .

===== 0002601_18930826_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS _HEARD AND SEEN

AT WARRINGTON.

The epidemics which have recently visited our - "goon old town" will not have been in rain, if attention has thereby been drawn to many of the defects in its sanitary condition. The contribution by "Cleo "in your issue. of last week rr.specting slaughter houses, reveals how old fashioned and out of date we are in comparison with some towns,ani also how slow to move when private interests are involved. There urely can be no difference of opinion, that a public abattoir under efficient sup- erintendence,, would be preferable, to the present state of affairs described by" Cleo." Public health Necessitates reform, and it is to be hoped that our local authorities will not allow the matter to rest in abeyance, but that before long the Borough Surveyor may be preparing plans for a public abattoir.

There seems to be an idea prevalent in some gear- ten that the policemen in Wan ritsgton are mere butts for pereonar violence, and scarcely a week passes without instances being presented at the Borough Mike Court of assaults upon them. It is generally admitted that the policeman's lot is not a very happy one, and he ia supposed to be one of those creatures who can stand a little knocking about. Three cases of assaults on policemen wens tried at the-Borough Court on Monday and ther have been several others during the week. Otle of the prisoners was sent to gaol for three months hard labour: This seems to be the be-at- method of bringing home to some people the risk they are running when they abuse a constable in the execu- tion of his duty..

• I am credibly informed that some lirely,not to say "sultry "language has latelybeen used at Corpora- tion Committee meetings. This for instance, is so I am told, only a sample of ihe choice expressions which were used at a committee meeting the other evening : "liar," " shut up,", snoak," "I'd give you more if you were outside?' These after all are expressions which do not become gentlemen who meet together to connuct the serious attire of a Corporation, and it is certainly to be hope' that the culpable members will begin to ameliorate their language,

The people up Longford way will, I am told, be soon relieved of the long-complained of nuisance alleged to he caused by the unsavoury perfumes p from the Rural _emitted from the depot.. A depiVation from the district, together with a deputation Sanitary Authority, met the sanitary Works Com- mittee one day this week, and it transpired that a patient is being brought )ut by Councillor Beaman and Mr. Deas, manager of the depot, which will, it is expected, get rid of the offencive gases by crema- ting them before they come from the destructor,. and this, of course, will prevent any stenc:i what- ever coming from the chimney. After the ptrent had been explained to them the deputations seemed quite satisfied. Mr. .7. C. Sutton had a somewhat bitter complaint to make respecting the deterioration of his nropertyin Longford. lie had, he said, houses which had been robbed of their water by the pollu- tion of the streams by St. Helen, Corporation, and which had been robbed by their pleasantness of situations by the presence and accompanying noxious perfumes of the depot. Others of the deputation had similar complaints to make ; but they were set at ease by the result of the meeting, and even the stern members of the R.S.A.were once more induced to relinguish, at least for a time their vowed intention of applying for an injunction " Ails well that ends well." Well, bat will it end. well.

MERLIN.

MINSINIO

===== 0002601_18930826_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
MUSIC IN PUBLIC HOUSES. THE NEW HOUSE IN BEWSEY-ROAD.

At the Warrington Borough Court yesterday morning, applications were heard for the granting of new music licenses and the renewal of music licenses. There were on the bench Alderman Holmes (in the chair), Alderman Francomb, Coun- cillor J. H. Fleming. Messrs. F. Monks, J. Mal/ward W. Fierpoint, and John Fairclough.—Mr. A. Browne appeared on behalf of the Licensed Victuallers Asso- ciation.

The Chief Constable (Mr. Hoot) said he had had com- plaints about the conduct of two of tho public-houses which had music licenses, tamely the Bears Paw, which was now closed, and the Itop3 and Anchor Inn. The complaints were about the noise, which caused a crowd to stand about, the police having to remove them. The complaint about the Rope and Anchor Inn was renewed. the previous day to hint, and he - went to the landlord that morning and told him it was the day for renewing of the music licenses and he wi-lied him to be present. As the I indlord had not appeared it was decided to go on with the fresh application&

Jane Pi 1;m; applied for a music license only, for the Royal Oak Inn, Bridge-of. When asked what was the class of music she intended to have, the said she did not intend to have a professional player. The application was granted. A short conversation then took place between Vie magistrates, some of them thinking that the Chairman had been premature in giving the decision of the Bnich. The decisions in the rest of time applica- tions were deferred until the close, when the magistrates retired.

Thomas Partridge applied for a music license for the Imnerial Hotel, Bewsey-road; , Mr. White (magistrates' clerk) read the conditions on I which music licenses were granted.—Mr. Hunt said I although the licenses in the town had been upon those I conditions for twelve months, the police had had much trouble to make the holders conform with the conditions. On inspection of the houses it was found that the holders had neglected to conform with the Act of Parliament. He wished to say that in future if he found anything that did not conform with the act he would summou the licensees straight away. The applicant, Thomas Par- tridge was asked whether the application was for tae whole lieuse, to which he replied that it was so as to be on the right side.—Councillor Fleming: What do you mean by being on the right side P—Mr. Browne said a licensed victualler might have a license for music and yet not intend to use it. But if anyone came in and sang a Enng it would protect him from the police saying that yt ehresyo;7seiri aead doing wrong. Than 3 CeloiineifT)Cluoinusctdaboler two said noises, since the Imperial Hotel had been opened, and he had expected them to be present that morning tee object to the music licence being granted, but they had not his guard, not to be too noisy. Alderman Holmes said yet appeared. He hoped the landlerel wuld ebe on he had heard many complaints since that house was. opened. It was a rare occasion to see a man drunk in Bewsey-road before they granted the license, but they were very common now.—The Chief Constable said a men visitA the house who were pigeon e manyand lia would advise the manager to set h s face against having them in the house. Henry Corney applied for a license both for music and dancing in a room behind the King's Arms. The applicant said it was for a quadrille class, to be conducted by Mr. Hill of Pedeate.—lnspector Spinks said the room was situated at the back of the Xing's arms, in Butter- market-st., and was approached by ladder staire. The room was 32% be 281 t. and Die. I,L h. The 7 were eld premises and fairly clean.—The Chief C Instable said the applicant had been about two years at the King's Arms. He didn't know a mean who was as well adapted for the pesit ion lie held and would be very sorry to say one word against him. lithe application was granted it would be the only public-house in Warrington that had a dancing room. He would be sorry to see a dancing room at a public-house in Warrington, while he was in that posi- tion. He had been to see the room and it could be ap- proached by the hack-yard. The applicant had assured him that time road to the room most be through the house. He (Mr. Hunt) knew the CI MIR of p.”"ple that went to these places.— Mr. Corney said he would only allow respectable people to attend it, but Mr. Hill would have charge of the class. The wife of the landlord of the Rope and Anchor now beine in court, Mr. Hunt said the piano at this honer was in the room, near the foothpath and last Saturday muchit aftrtr; et ed.nt oad gbryeabtetetirnogwmd eonu,tside. The night but one, and at other times, the piano had been hvneruyelowuadsa and on his a certain race was goingbsp:,,ttxtoiaintbt,:n going ouuh run naught, bettingot ya,r anP. also. dl ae. visit he found a large bill in the window announcing that filandlordpolice lerareiedvweharittOms ofteneu fetfrrysyi md ande:te h:rtdir: ' The magistrates retired and on their return, the Chair- man said the applications of Mr. Partridge and Mr. Cornev were declined and they refused to grant the musiaieense to Mr. llorlocit, landlord of the roee and rancher Inn. All the other music licenses were granted.

VOLUNTEER INTELLIGENCE. • In the regimental orders for next week for the let Volunteer Battalion, (P.W.8.) South West Lan- cashire Regiment there are the following notices, "3rl class firing will take place at. Widnes on the 128th and 31st inst. The 7th and Bth competitions (annual prize meeting) will take place at Widnes on the 2nd September. Class firing for "D" com- pany will take place atWidnes on the 16th Septem- ber. The Bugle Major and buglers will attend for practice at 8.30 p.m. on Tuesday the 29th inst. All bugles, old ones included on change, must be pro- duced on that date for inspection by the president of the band committee.

,

-'P.

.

,

4

uWHYM

EVANS'

===== 0002601_18930826_art0065.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

I

I

4

===== 0002601_18930826_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
BITTERS.

QUININE

BITTERS.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
OWILI M

EVANS'

ITTERS.

QUININE

BITTERS.

QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING CO.

LLANELLY, :SOUTH WALES. American Depot—Mß. R. D. WILLIAMS, Pharmacist, Plymouth, Penna.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES..

BRUTAL ASSAULT BY A COLLIER. Frank Leary, a collier of Wigan, was charged at the Borough Omit, on Saturday, with being drunk and dis- orderly. in Winwick-st., the previous night, and also with assaulting Martin Comber, another -collier, at the same time and place. Prisoner pleaded guilty to the charge of being arunk and disorderly, but not guilty to the lattercharge. P. C. Forster said at twenty minutes to twelve he was in Winwick-st., wben he saw the de- fendant knock Coomber down and commence to kick him most brutally. He arrested the prisoner and after- wards took Coomber to the Infirmary to have his head dressed, which was bleeding profusely. Both men were drunk and strangers to the town. Martin Comber who appeared in Court with his head bandaged up, and his shirt stained with blood, said ha bad been working on the ship canal, but was a collier from North Stafford- shire. He said he met the prisoner for the first time, in a public-house in Winwick-st., and remarked to him that the Miners' Federation could hold out another month. He left the prisoner there and did not see the prisoner again until he assaulted him in Winwiek-at. He kicked witness on the legs and on the head near the temple. He asked prisoner not to kick him but use his fists. Enoch Jones, IVatkin-st,, said he saw prisoner kick the roan several times on the legs, and once on the head. He went to the assistance of Coornber and picked him up. Prisoner said he was going along the road to Wigan when he met Coomber in Winwiek-st. Coomber got hold of him by the neck and he had hard work to release himself. He denied kicking the man and thought he must have tallen en the railings surronndine a tree, and cut his head. The magistrates sent prisoner to gaol for six weeks with hard labour. A SUSPICIOUS Cmtaacvert. At the Borough Coen on Mcnday, John Jefferies, well known to the police, was charged a ith, he being a con- victed thief, having been hound on the enclosed premises of the model lodging-house, Friar's Green, for an unlaw- ful purpose.—P.C. Bell said he was in company with P.C. Newey on Sunday morning at abut two o'clock and they visited Friars Green, and when passing Mr. Bruche- mite's hen-pen they heard a rustling noise with the liens and on looking round they saw the prisoner lying down close to tho hole in the hen-pen. They afterwards brought him down to the police station.—P.C. Newey corroborated, and in cross-examination said that pri- soner needed no wakening up, he was shamming to be asleep.—One of Mr. Bruchemite's deputies deposed to lestotainix the hole in the hen-pen up with a piece of flag and a box, bet finding them removed when the officers came at 2 20.—Mr. Bruchemite said he had missed several fowls lately.—Prisoner was sent to gaol for one month with hard labour. THAT INCORRIGIBLE BODELIA. At the Warrington Borough Court on Tuesday, Boddie Knockton, a well-known character at the police court, was charged With being drunk and disorderly in flank- street, and also with assaulting P.C. Delahay on being conveyed to the police station. D.S. Monaghan said at six o'clock the previous night lie was in Buttermarket- street when lie saw a disturbance in Bank-street. A woman named Quinn was there, using bad language, with her hair down. On going into the Royal Arms lie saw the prisGner jumping round one of the rooms,clapp- ing her hands, and her hair all down. There were a number of corner-men in the room. She had been fight- ing the woman Quinn. On being conveyed to the police station, she kicked right and left, and bit P.C. Delahay on the hand. They were obliged to get a handcart, and it took five oflicers to bring her to the police station. She acted like a mad woman. P.C. Delahay said he gave assistance to convey the prisoner. She was so rough that they had to put her in a handcart, when she bit, him on the hand. Bodelia who has already served five years and nine months in prison was again Sent for another month, fourteen days for being drunk, and four- teen days for assaulting the police officer.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT.

SATURDAY.—Before Mr. John Burgess (chairman), Councillor J. U. Fleming and Mr. L. Voisey. DRUNK AND DISOUDEDLY.—Eanna Whiteside,a married woman of Leigh was charged with being drunk and dis- orderly in I%luseum•street. P.C.'s Bell and Newey found the prisoner in Museum-street, about 12.30 that morn- ing drunk and screaming at the top of her voice. They bad to carry her to lohe Police Station. She was sent to gaol for seven days hard labour.—John Richardson, Scotland-road, was charged with the same offence in Scotland-road at 1.20 that morning. P.C. Wheatley proved the case. Mrs. Richardson, prisoner's wife said he worked when he liked and played when he liked and spent the money he earned. She had to work to keep herself and children. When he came home drunk he commenced assaulting her. Prisoner was fined 53. and costs or seven days hard labour. DAMAGING STRAW.—A ship canal labourer, named Latham, was charged with wilfully doing damage to a straw stack to the extent of one shilling, belonging to Messrs. Fleming, situated at Arpley. P.C. Bell said from information received he and P.C. Newsy went to Arpley and found the prisoner sleeping on a quantity of straw which had berm pulled out of the rick. The man was under the influence of drink. P.C. Newey corroborated. Prisoner who had not yet recovered from the influence of drink, trembled greatly during the hearing of the evi- dence, and when asked what he had to say in reply, the magistrates were unable to understand what he did say Owmg, to his nervousness. But by the aid of P.S. Cbantler they were enabled to understand that they could take the shilling for the damage out of the 4s. 3d. found upon him. The magistrates fined him ss. and costs or seven days. Prisoner on hearing the sentence wished to have another say, but was promptly taken down below. MONDAY.—Before Mr. J. Monks (chairman), Alderman Harrison, Messrs. J. Hayward, and S. Wright. Mumma Munn THE NAVY.—John Gaffey was charged with beinr a deserter from Her Majesty's Navy at Ports- mouth. He gave himself up to Sergeant Payton Be was remanded to await an escort. THEFT Friou A PUBLIC-llME.—Thomas Flannerly was charged with stealing from the Lord Rodney I. n, on Saturday, a pint glass, value ed., the property of John Marsh. P.C. Hardy said he saw the prisoner run out of the Lord Rodney Inn, into Turner-st., when he pulled the glass out of his pocket and threw it to the ground. John Platt deposed to seeing the prisoner take up the glass three parts full of beer, and afterwards take it away. They refused ta serve him as he had had suffi- cient. Harry Hornsey corroborated. Prisoner was fined 53. and costa £1 sa. in all, or seven days' imprison- ment. _ I

DauNg AND Drsormgcm—The following went dealt with for this offence i—James Loftus, in Bank-st. ; Ed. Burke, in Winwick-st. ; John Dooley,in Bakehouse-yard, Latchford ; John Bartley, in Winwick-st. • James Burns and Mary Garrity, in Friar's-green ;Wm, Riley, in ; Hill- and Catherine Bate, in Silver-square. *DguNg.—Thomas Farringtos wax fined ss. including costs for this offence in Buttermarket-st., on Sunday morning, and Thomas Millington was fined the lock-up fee 2s. 61. for a similar offence in Whittle-Bt. BEGOlNG.—Elizabeth Jones was sent to gaol for one month f3r begging in Knutsford-road, on Sunday morn- ing. FIGHTING.—Thomas Baguley°, 14, Percival's-fold, was charged with fightipg in Crown-st., on the 10th inst. He was bound over to keep the peace for six months and ray the costs.

'FaareusDHlVlNG.—Henry Daley, cabdriver, 37. Scot- 'land-road,was charged with furious driving in Froghall- lane, on the .10th inst. Sergeant Rowbottom and P.C. Riley proved the case. Defendant was fined 10s.inc1ed- ing costa. SUNDAY • GAmmo.--John Birchall as charged with playing at a game of chance with cards off Birchall-st., on Sunday afternoon. P.C.'s Clough and Leonard proved the case. Defendant was fined 103. and costs, or 14 days.—George Jacks2n and Joleph Jackson. 20. Percy- -street, were again brought up charged with having on the 6th August. in Selby-street, played at" tossing." P.C. Forster said that on the 6;11 of the present month he saw the two defendants tossing with coins. James Hu CFI phreys,bricksetter,also gave evidence. Defendants were- fined ss. and costs each, or seven days' imprison- ment. Fauna IN A Saerl.--Michael Garrite vras charged with being on the enclosed premises of 467,nutsf• rd-road, for an unlawful purpose. From the evidence it appeared that the defendant had been lodging with the landlady of the house, Mrs. M. Lawless, but she now refused to :have him, and the defendant would not keep away from the house. He was found by a police wiiiicer in a shed in the yard. :Defendant was discharged.on condition that he did not go to-the house again. TUESDAY.—Before Mr.:E.•J. Guest (chairman), Council.

lor Henry Roberts. and Dr. Gomall. THEFTS.—Annie Butler, Turner's-yard, Haydock-st.. was charged with stealing from Chas. Cowper, manager for the new Fustian Cutting Co.,Bewsey-st.,Warrington, on the 18th inst., a-quantity of velvet, value 3s. Pri- soner pleaded guilty. On 'Friday, a piece of cloth, the prisoner was workinciwas marked by the manager. The same evening he found the same piece at the house of the defendant. The magistrates fined the defendant 10s.including costs,or seven days' imprisonment.—John Wm. Travies anC Joseph • Dagnall were charged with ' stealing from tI3o house of George Travis, 56,Winwick- road,a sheet value 23. The Chief Constable stated that Travis resided with his parents. .Detective Mona glian !saw Travis give a sheet to a little girl, whinh led him to I suspect that something was wrong. The girl took the sheet into a pawnattop,and Monaghan found that Travis I had offered bier 2d, to pawn it for him. Mrs. Travis identified the sheet as her property, and her son had no .right to pledge it or sell it. Travis was fined 10:. and [costs, or seven days' imprisonment, and Daguall was discharged. AN ABSCONDElL—Joseph.Mercer was charged with ab- sconding from the borough of Warrington, leaving his four children chargeable to the Warrington Union. Mr. B. Shearer, relieving officer, said the prisoner's four children were admitted to the Workhouse on the 21st September. The prisoner was apprehended in Llandudno on Saturday night. The children had coat the Union al 154..8d. Prisoner was sentenced to one month's imprisonment with hard labour. FOND OF LEAD.—Patrick:Lycch, forgeman, Gee-street, was charged with having in his possession 11Ibs.of lead, and not being able to give a satisfactory account of the same. D.S.Monaghan said at seven o'clock the previous night he followed the prisoner into a marine store dealer's shop and found him putting some lead on the Wales. The defendant admitted taking the lead from Mr. Warburton. builder, Stockton Heath. He had been convicted for stealing lead before. The magistrates handed the defendant over to the Cheaire police. Ps i- soner was brought up at the Occasional Court on Wed- nesday, before Mr. James Matson, and remanded to Daresbury Petty Sessions. DRONE AND DISORDERLY.—AmeIia Board was Charged with being drunk and disorderly in Wilson Patten-A. She was fined 5.:. including costs. MORE SLEEPERS OCT.—Thomas Burke was charged with sleepir"n, in a haystack belonging to Messrs. J. H. Fleming and Co., Co. at Arpley. Prisoner was sent to gaol for 14 day's' hard labonr.—Thomas Wm. Johnson, Thos. Baker, Joseph Bennett, John Flannigan, and Thomas Henderson were all charged with steeple g in a haystack at Arpley, belen2ing to Mr. Owen, and doing damage to the extent of £l. Prisoners were sent to gaol tor 14 days' hard labour. TEMPORARY AUTHOEITY.—Ahn Shaw applied for and received, temporary authority to sell beer and porter at the Strangers' Arms. SCHOOL ATTENDANCESASES.—Mr. G. Riley prosecuted in the following school cases :—Wm. Bains, carter,Port- land-st., ss. ; Leah Briars, widow, School-brow, 54. ; Joseph dough, !Remitter, George-st., 24. 61. ; John Fiddler, forgeman, William-st., 53. ; Samuel ilailivrell, railway man, Lord Nelson-st.. 54. ; John Leonard, forgeman, Bewsey-road, ss. ; Peter Lynch, forgeman, Gee-st., boy ordered to attend St. Anne's School ; Thon. Lenion, wiredrawer, Fennel-st., 5.3. ; Wm. Taylor, painter, Coekhedge, Si. ; Edward Wright, labourer, Latchford, 2s. 6.1.

WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr. John Etirclough (in the chair) Councillor J H. Fleming and Mr. John Geddes. DRUNK AND DISORDEaLY.—For this offence the follow- ing were dealt with : Maria Darker, Irlam-it. ; Julia Ann Shields, Rose-yard.. ASSAULT.—Edward Dooley was bound over in two sureties of £5 each, to keep the peace for six months, for assaulting Annie Tyron, on Saturday, the 19th inst.. The complainant refused to give evidence against the defendant although she had asked for the warrant for his arrest. • _ _ . _

• IN THE FIAY-TACK.—John Ahlharn and Joseph Cooper, strangers in the town, were charged with sleeping in a haystack, of Mr. Owen' at Arialey, and doing (14 triage to the amount of two shilhngs. Prisoners pleaded guilty and P. C. Hell proved the case. The magistrates sant the prisoners to gaol for seven days eat). TIMRSDAY.-114ore Alderman Sutton (in the chair),

Councillor James Fairclouch and Mr:R. Garnett.

DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—Martin Coleman was fined ss. and costs or seven days for this offence in Bridge-st., and Charles Heatnn was fined ss. ircluding costs for being drunk in the police station. BEDGINCL—Thomai, Williams was discharged on pro- mising to leave the town, on a charge of begging in Wil- derspool-road. ALEEPERS OUT.—George Morrall, James McAlley, T mas Connor, James Starkey and Thomas Casey were charged with sleeping in a haystack, belonging to Messrs. Fleming and Co., at Arpley, and doing wilful damage to the extent of 103. Prisoners were each fined 10s. including costs or seven days. Two BAD CHARACTERS.—ThOMRS IC/10MM was charged with being drunk and tisorderly in Erwood-st., and also with assaulting Michael Cunningham, and Winif rid Jennings was charged with assaulting Mr. Win. Burrows, and attempting to rescue Knockton. Fl orn the evidence it appeared that when Knockton was being brought to the police station tor his offence, the female prisoner got 'loll of Knockton by the collar and tried to pull him back. Mr. Burrows came to the assistance of the police and the female prisoner struck him. Knockton : had given a running kick at a boy nained Cunningham. Knisckton who made his 21st appearance, was sent to. gaol for one month hard labour, and Jenn:ngs who made her 15th appearance was sentenced to one month bard labour, but on account of her bad language on hearing the sentence, it was increased to two months hard labour.

FRlDAY.—Before Alderman Holmes (in the chair) Alder- man Francomb, Councillor J. H. Fleming, Messrs. F. Monks, J. Hayward, W. Pierpoint, and Dr. Gornall. CHARGE OF BREAKING WINDOWS.—John Cosgrove, was brought up on a warrant charged with breaking twelve glass windows, valued fis. on the 13th Decentber, 1890. The case was dismissed as his mother refused to give evidence against him. THEFT OF CANVAS —Joseph Aurft, employed at the Ca,tle Rubber Works, was charged with stealing from his employers a quantity of canvas value one shilling on the previous evening. From the statement of the Chief Constable it appeared that D.S. Monaghan met the pris- oner carrying something bulky under his arm, and the prisoner baing unable to give a satisfactory account of it he was locked up. Richard Rrindley identified the canvas as the property of the C istlo Rubber Co. The prisoner was dismissed, a conviction being recorded against him.

WARRINGTON OCCASIONAL COURT. MONDAY and TIIESDAY.—Beforo Mr. JAMS Tinsley. . . __ •

THEFTS. —Frederick S 3 mons was charged on Monday with stealing a trowel value Is. 63. from Mr. W. Dos- tock, builder. From the evidence it appeared that the prisoner sold the trowel to Mr. Bostock for is. dd. about eight weeks ago. Prisoner was committed to the next Daresbury Sessions for trial.—Ellen Higgins was charged en Tuesday with stealing El. 93. from the person of Samuel Ball of Eixton. The complainant was walking along Manchester-road on Monday, when the prisoner, who was accompanied by a woman, asked him for a copper. He refused to give her one. She then jostled against him, and when he put his hand in his pocket, tme found that he had been robbed of £4 9s. The case was remanded to the next County Petty Sessions. ALLEGED OUTRAGE.—Thomas Jones, labourer, was charged on Tuesday with having unlawfully wounded Godfrey Morcott, at Latchford, on Monday. The prisoner was trespassing on the canal, and when told about it by the complainant who is in the employ of the company, the prisoner pinked up a piece of wood with which it is alleged he struck the complainant a violent blow on the head. Ihe complainant was unable to ap- pear owing to his injuries. Prisoner was committed to Daresbury Petty Sessions.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
131PU'RE BLOOD.

Impure blood Is a fruitful source of many crimple nts a d illnesses, and Is generally catt,ed y some derangement of one or ntore of the vital organs of the body—for instance, by defective diges ion, and a t rota vsr sluggish liver. Among other -symptoms of Us, deranrment of these organs. and consequently of impure blood, .r.—nervousness weakness, low spirits. melancholy, uneasy sleep. frightful dreams, doss of appetite, skin er.pt lons. ac., from whi .h so many suffer and 'which produce so many discomforts in our homes, and 40, ettmes lead to consequences still more painful and appaling, For each nd all of these ailments and others caused by INDIGEBTION or DE- RANGED LIVER, it is demonstrated more and more clearly from day to day that G Hint EVANS' BITTERS is the "Best Remedy of the A,24-7 for It is cot:ta- pas:A of NATURE'S REMEDIES only, and contains no mineral or other injurious sub- stance.

It ia effective when taken by the strong man and will not injure the weakest and most -delicate woman or child ; it is wit- a'•le to all ages, at all seasons of the yes.r ; It directly aims to remove the Cause and root ofthe evil ; is easily obtained. and can always be at han.l and is a remedy that has .praved efficacious in numerous in- stances ,when all other remedies had failed.

Send for Pamphlet of Teatimoniale.

FRA.UDULUNT COUNTBRFEITS.

We are particularly anxioua to caution the pubic against the attempts of some Members of the trade to pass substitutes or even counterfeits or our preparation. Ask plainly for GWILYSI EVAN.-; QUIN- INE BIT FURS, and see that the name GWlLlflif EVANS is on label, stamp. and bottie. Every bottle sent out of the lab- oratory is prepared acrording to his recipe, and under his direct management.

So'd by all Chemists in is. lid, 2s. 9d.. and 48. 9d. bottles, or direct from the Proprietors, carriage free by Parcels Post.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS.

MONDA.E.—Before Messrs. H. Reynolds, G. L. Davies, P. Speakman, J. Handley, and Dr. Steele. FINED FOR DEDNEENNESS.—The following persons were dealt with for the above offence :—Robert Evans, Ann Moran, and Catherine McCoan, who had 45 con- victions recorded against her. ASSAULT BY A BROTHER-IN-LAW.—Thomas CUTZOII, 16, Vine-st., labourer, was summoned by Kate Coyne, for an assault committed on the 14th August. —Complainant stated that on the date in question she went to her sister's house, and spoke her mind as to some business. The defendant thereupon got up off the sofa and struck her. —Curzon acknowledged giving his sister-in-law a blow, but said it was because she went to the fireside to pick up the fireirons.—A fine of 2i. 6.1. and 9s. 6d. costs was imposed. Tfinzars.—William Price, Shaw-st, was summoned for using threats towards Thomas Jones, on the 12th August.—Defeadan.t was ordered to pay the costs 43, 61.

li IDNES POLICE COURT.

MONDAY.—Before Messrs. T. Sutton Timm, and H.

Wade Deacon. DIIIINKRNI4I3BB.—PauI Donnally, c Luton-street; and Thomas Alc(itirl, Pode-street, were each filled for this offence..

BREACH OF TIM PEACE.—Mactin Cummings, West Bink, WAS charged with having committed a breach of the peace on Saturday night, and was hound over for two months. ....

REFUSING TO QUlT.—.William Simpson, Cromwell- street, was charged with being drunk and refusing to quit the Albion Hotel.—Fined Ets. and costs. ASSAULT ON A CONSTABLE.--Peter Hogan, Victoria-st., was ch.trged with assaulting NC. Murray. 'The sfficer stated that about a quarter past itsur on Sunday after- noon there were several boys batbing in the canal. He went to them, and they ran away, but he got the clothes of one of•the boys, and the defendwat cameup and asked witness for the clothes as he sAid they belonged to his brother. Witness told him to send his brother for them, but he refused to do so, and then attempted to take the clothes from him, ran at him .with his Ilea.:' pulled off his cape, struck him seal ral times, and knocked him down.—Two or three-witnesses were called who denied that any assault had been committed on the officer.—A fine of 53. and Us. 84. costs was in- flicted.

KilileNEB9 ILL•RzwAengx..—A Toting "woman named Alice Johnson, 22 years of age, a resident of Runcorn, was brought up charged with stealing a-skirt valued at .75.-81., the property of Hugh Farrell, Wellington-street. Martha, Farrell stated that on the 128:th July prisoner came to her house, and out of pity for her .she let her stay. When witness got up next. morning she found prisoner had gone, and taken the skirt produced with her, —There were fourteen previous convictions against accused, who was sent to gaol for 14 days with hard labour.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LICENSINii SESSIONS.

RUNCORN :BEtEWSTER SESSIONS.

The annual Brewster Sessions for Runcorn Petty Sessional iDivision Ivere held at Runcorn ,Police Court, on Monday. The magistrates on the Bench were Messrs. 11-nry Reynolds (chairman),.James Ilandley, P. Speak man, k.T. L. Davies, and •Dr. Steele.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
r..-SUPE It INTiNDENT.9 REPO-RT.

Superintendent Atherton reported that in the division there were 44 licensed victuallers,s3 beersellers, and four others who sell off the pretnises ; total 101, giving an average of 257 of the population to each license. One Ilicensed victualler had been proceeded against for,per- miffing drunkenness, but not convicted, as compared with two proceeded against and two convicted in the preceding year. Two beersellers had been proceeded. against for permitting drunkenness, but not convicted, whilst in the prece.ling year two were proceeded against and .one convicted. 371 persons had been proceeded against for drunkenness during the year, 355 of whom had been convicted, as compared with 308 proceeded against and 293 convicted in the preceding year. The proceeded against during the year were the Sailorallome., Regent-st.:; the Union'Vaults,Union-st. ; and the Mersey Vaults, Mersey-st. The Bench retired :to , consider the report, and on re- turning after an absence of about five minutes,the chair- man said the Bench were glad to see that there had been no convictions against licensees, and they hoped that in their own interest and in the interest of the public, they would continue to conduct their houses in the same good manner. The whole of the licenses would be renewed.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
TRANSFERS.

The following transfers of licenses were granted : Dock Hotel, Weston Point, from Wm. Grounds (de- ceased) to Sarah Grounds, widow ; Derby Arms, High- st.,f aim Henry Coward (deceased),to Elizabeth Coward, widow; Mersey Vaulti, Mersey-st., from Thos.Da vies to James Hugh Percival ; Grapes Inn, Ilalton-rnad, from Emma Field to James Ditchfield ; Waterman's Arms, Qiien-st, from Evan Roberts to Thomas Williamson ; Slav Inn, Loch-st., from Elizabeth Nother, or Pegg, to Wm. Jones.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TUEATRE .110YAL.

Mr. E. Wynne-Humphreys applied on behalf of Mr. Henry Caddick for the renewal of the license of the Theatre Royal. No complaint, he said, had been made of the manner in which Mr. Caddick had conducted the theatre, and structurally the place was in every way satisfactory.—Superintendent Atherton said everything was quite satisfactory.—The license was granted, and Mr.Cadclick entered into the uqual sureties,his bondsmen being Mr. Joseph Bancroft and Mr. Fred Coward.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS COUNTY DISTRICT.

The annual licensing sessions for the St. Helens County Petty Sessional District were held at St. Helens, Town Hall, on Tuesday, before 'Dr. E. P. 'rwyford and Colocel Richard Pilkington. Superintendent Baxendale reported that in hie district, which included the town- ships of Rainford, Eccleston, and Windle, there were at present doing business 26 licensed vietuallers, 15 beer- sellers (for consumption on the premises), and twe off- license holder., making a total of 43. The population was 8,334, being-one license for every 194 persona. Dur- ing the past year the licensed persons had conducted their houses well, none having been proceeded against. There had been an increase of three in the number of persons proceeded against for drunkenness. There was one application for a now license and two applications for off licenses. The number of persons proceeded against for drunkenness durine the last five years was as follows :-1889, 81 • 1890, 88 ; 1891, 55 ; 1892, 48 ; and 1893, 51. For all classes of offences-1881, 181; 1890, 193 1891, 129 ; 1892, 130 ; 1893, 158. The licenses in each township were as follows :—Eccleston (rural) 17. population 3,043; Rainford 21, population 3,724: Windt° (rural) 5, population I,339.—Superinten- dent Reie.hley reported that in the Widnes division of the St. Helens petty sessional district there 'were four licensed houses (all in the township of Hold), and no license holder had been preceeded against during the year, their houses havee been well conducted. The population in 1391 was 947, giving an average of 236 persons to each licensed house. f here were no applica- tions for new licenses. The number of persons proceeded against for drunkenness was 31,the same number as last year.—The Chairman intimated that all the old licenses would be renewed to the present holders.—The new ap- plications were one by Benjamin Heaton, beerhouse keeper, for the provisional grant of a full license in res- pect to premises to be erected on a plot of land at the corner of Denton's Green-lane and Rivington-road, to be called the Windle Hotel ; one by Thomas Weatherilt, beokkee,per, for an off license in respect to premises at the corner of Windleshaw-road and Rivington-street, Denton's Green ; and one by Prince Bagleyeronmoulder, for an off license in respect of the premises numbered 1, Stone-buildings, Denton's Green-lane. Mr. J. 0. Swift [ [ appeared forlleaton,end Mr. R. W. H. Thomas for Bag- [ ley, and Mr. B. H. Lomax tor Weatherilt. Mr. Swift, [ addressing the magistrates, said the premises in respect 'to all the applications were just outside the present boundaries of the borough of St. Helens, but by the new Improvement Bill of the Corporation, which had passed both Houses of Parliament, and was now awaiting the Royal assent, which was expected to be given in the course of a few days, the Denton's Green diqrict would be included in the borough boundary: Be (Mr. Swift) was quite prepared to act upon any suggestion from the Bench as to the course to be pursued under these cir- cumstances. Looking at the fact that their jurisdiction as a county bench for the district concerned would cease on the Bill becoming law, he was prepared to withdraw the application of his client on the expression 6f an opinion from the present Bench that they would not be inclined to grant it under the present state of affairs. Ultimately the whole of the applications were formally withdrawn. CREWE MAGISTRATES AND TIED HOUSES.

The licensing magistrates at Crewe on Tuesday, called before them a considerable number of license holders, and questioned each person as to the iaterest he or she had in the license. With the exception of about six free licenses and the licenses granted beforb 1869, all the applications were adjourned, the magistrates stating that at the next sitting of the Court those applicants who occupied " tied "houses must produce their atree- rnentq with the brewers and satisfy the Court that they were bona-fide tenants, and not mere managers, without any interest whatever in the license. A BARGAIN AT NORTHWICII. The Northwich licensing justices bad a curious appli- cation made to them on Tuesday. Messrs. Greenall, Whitley, and Co.. cif Warrington, asked for a provisional license for a new hotel they proposed to erect at Green- bank station, hetvreen Northwich and Hartford. In exchange for this license the applicants offered to give up four licenses in Northwich, three of the four being licenses granted before 1869,and therefore not liable to be cancelled except on one of the well known four grounds. The magistrates granted the application on the under- standing that the hotel was not to he opened until the other houses had been closed. It was stated that about 113,000 persons passed through the Greenbank station in the course of the year.

" CannutY's Coco a has. in a ren.arkable degree, those natural elemen,s of sustenance which give the system endur- ance and hardihood, with a steady action that renders it a most acceptable and reliable beverage."—Health. The Dowager Duchess of Londonderry has recently been appointed a churchwarden of Machynlleth. Miss Clara Butt, the new, contralto, has so favourably impressed the Queen by her singing that Her Majesty has undertaken to complete her musical education. A very charming and talented musician has carried off the Trinity College Violin Exhibition this year—Vera I Douglas Evans, a little maid who only attains her tenth year at the end of next November. She is the daughter of Madame Eva ns-Warwitk, a well-known contralto, and was born at Westbourne Park.

The Royal Laundresses say Critehley's STARCH GLOSS is unequalled for Imparting a beautifnl finish to starched Inert, de., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr. —, Corn- wall, says My wife will not finish our linen without your " Starch Gloss." From Mrs. —, Bradford : "Dear sit . lan pleased to inform you that, I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used In every house. Bold at 1,1., 3d., and Cd., by most starch selle7s. If not In stock will procure it. Cluin-I=T. Ill.tekburn. P.roprletor.—dcht.

CRICKET.

*. Secrets'.les of Cric Pt Clubs are requested to note that reports of matches played on Saturday must be sent to the head office. Bewsey-street. Warrington, not later than tan o'clock on Wednesday morning.

CiTSORGPI G. DUS3NY and Co. are leading makers of Footballs. Hockey, Golf, and requisites for Sports Gaines. and Gymnas!a. Catalogue may ha had on application to the Sports Manufactory, Peckham, London, Sail Bas r 441Gr04a. DRIND.

BUCKLEY-ST. V. " GUARDIAN" OFFICE SELMTED.— Played on Saturday. Saores :—Selected, 36 ; Buckley. at., 49. NORTIIWICR v. Wesroatv—Played at Weston, on Satur- day. The Northwich eleven journeyed by river, accotn • panied by several friends, in the steamer Fire Fly.which the Salt Union, Limited, had very kindly placed at their disposal. The event was most enjoyable in every way. Score :—Weston, 72 ; Northwich,2l. BEWSEY WESLEYANS V. MOULDERS, DALLAII FORGE. This match was played on the ground of the fortner-on Friday, August 18th, and resulted in a win for the home team by 12 rims and 3 wiekets. Score :—Bewsey Wet- leyans 62 for 7 taickecs ; Moulders 50. FRIENDS' "SCHOOL, PENKETH V. CREWS TRINITY WESLEYAN& —This match was played at Penketh. on Saturday. The visitors winning the toss elected to field and the school team were dismissed for 65, Smith 16, 'Darhyshire 13, and Linney 11, being the chief scorers. When the visitors began to.hat they fared even worse, J. Robinson being caught 'off the first ball, and eight wickets were down for 18 runs. Hills and Southall livened matters up a little, but all the wickets were down for 33. WARRINGTON V. MANCHESTER.—PIAred OR Saturday. 'Warrington were without the services of the Messrs. Crosfield and Mortimer, hut nevertheless had a capable team. Sending E. M. Griffin and Sued to face the at- tack of Ilal:aM and Whartnby runs catne freely on the onset. With 20 hoiFted Sugg came to a capital catch by the wicket keeper standing back, and Pod more came to Griffin's assistance. A determined stand was now made and boundary hits were frequent, Griffin scoring more rapidly than usual. Fifty runs were chronisled amid cheers, when a double change of bowling was resorted to, Moss and Holland taking up the attack. This proved successful, for at that OW Griffin shared a similar fate to Sugg. G.-Clarke and Potimore showcd a disposition to force matters, but with Only four added to the score. Poclmore was bowled. With Voisey and Clarke together runs came freely; but at 66 Clarke was taken behind the wicket, whilst-a-run later Voisey failed to respond ta a call from Smith, and the Warrineton captain had to retire. Amends were made for this disaster when Clarke arrived. At 78 a thunderstorm broke • over the ground, and during the stoppage lunch was taken. Play was resumed at 3 15, and on the easy wicket the score wag rap!dly augmented, Garbo in one over, placed wharmby for two fours, and the partnership was dim- solved at 94, Voisey being bowled by Moss. J. A.Yonge had a short stay, but C. Unsworth opened his account in promising style, boundary hits being the order. The century was soon pasapd, and the batsmen were playing confidently. At 127 Clarke was badly run out, and the end soon came, for the last three wickets fell et the same total. Unsworth being bowled and Ashton caught at Mid• Off. Manchester were all out for 107. Scores :

WARRINGToN. AXCR gn'ETt. E Id Griffin e Ya'es b J Rowley c Bolton b Smith 14 Holland Sugg (77) c Ygtes b J B Brown b Sugg W harmby H Porimore b :foss lO Swig 0 _Clarke 0 Yates b A.F Pope c Sugg b Sm.th

Holland L A Volsey b Itallam l7 A C Nelson st Clark b Sugg 0 R Smith run out Clark run out 22 R A Blrley not out 33 7 A Yon •ss C Nelson b Holland c Vokey b Sum 0 Wharrphy C Bosworth b Holland ... 16 11 Bolton not out

G Ashton o Tinsley b H o olland Extras ll Extras 8

Total 127; Total lO7 • Bowling,Analysls. WARRINGTON. MANCHBSTER. 0. M. R. W. 0. M. R. W. INllsrn Wharnsby - Sligg (IV) 15.2 8 23 5 Moss l.l 3 24 2 • Ast,ton• 2 1 5 0 Holland ...... ... 6 1 18 4 0 Clarke

WARRINGTON 2ND v. SERGEANTS 8 40 P.D.—Played on the Arittey grounds, on Saturday. Scores:—

- WARRINGTON.- SERORINT3. Bibby b Gasket! Jolley c Gaskell b C.iso- Sweeney b Woods lani Adaiimm b Chtskell Brown st Chamberlain b b Woods . 7 Gaskell Williamson c Sweeney b Fox cand b Woods 0 Gaskell Rushwortit b :stacey 22 Bibby 11Ampson b Daskell Aslitou c Stmey b Price 13 Price b Woods - 4 Franeomb lbw Gaskell .. 8 McDonald b Woods 4 Dorm not out ... ... '. .... ... 2 Scott not out 1 Woods did not bat

Extras 2

_Total (for 9 wickets) 173

Extras 5

ToLAI 33

WALKER'S BREWEILY Y. SANKEY WIRE MILLS.—This return match was played on the Brewery ground, on Saturday. Scores:—

, . WIRE MILLS. WALKER'S BREWERY. F Williams c Durran b Arbour c Jolley b Mare:air 2 Tilling Johnson o E Allen, b Cdne run out Caine Burton b T Allan ll Green c F Williams b Mar- Marshall b Caine 7 shall 7 T Williams it Bolton b Turner not out 6 Tilling Hobson c T Allen b C .Ine 1 E Allen c Burton b MOM.. 3 Evans b B Allen Moss c Turner b E Allen 11 Tilling b Moss 4 Cramskill b B Allen Jolley not out 9 Bailey b Green Extras 8 Extras 6

Total B7

Total

SANKEY WIRE MILLS 2SD v. WALICER'S DREWRY 2ND.—This match was played on the ground of the former on Sat urday. Scores : SANKEY WIRE MILLS 2ND, WALKER'S DREWERY 2ND. Woodcock b Brookes 2 Bowers b IVarburton l2 Barlow b Forster . 8 Gerrard I, KerlWright Shidall h Brookes 8 Forster e Hamer b Barlow 6 Hill b Forster Kenwrialit not out l3 Knight °Hamer b Warbur- sudlow e Clarke b Knight 10 ton Hamer b Forster Warburton run out ... .... 0 Brookes b IVarburton Forster b Brookes Whittaker c Knight b Brobbin not out Forster Sutton it Fairhurst b ' thrlow 2 Brookes Extras 2 Extras 3

Total . 58

Total

CAIRO ST. UNIFY (WARRINGTON) V. WHITECROSS WIRE- DRAWERS.—PIayed at Walton, on Saturday. Scores :-- waITECROSS. UNITY. Smith b J Monks White c Ed n b Shaw ... 10 Plin.ton c Yownall b Light- Hughes c Mellor b Shan, 1 foot R Monks b J Monks Boyle b J Monks 0 foot Tiovonport b J Monks... 3 Wright h Lightfoot 0 Pownall 5 J Monks 4 Eden b Smith JO3 Monks rim °V 5 John Monks b R Mmks l7 Rooke not out Hassan c Mellor H Eden 3 IthoJes b Lightfoot 0 LL.,htfoot b J Monks ...... 0 Gibson b R Monks 6 Malk n b R Monks James Menke not out Extras 3 Extras l4

• Total 34

Total 7O

SANKEY BRIDGES W.C.C. V. WINDSOR WESLEYANS LIVNIZPOOL —Played at Liverpsol on Saturday. Score B. 13. W. C. C. W. W. C. C. B o:are run out

A B Bst!ey bmillen 7 simpson 3 W Bennett, h Jones 2 H Jones c Pritchard b F Jeff,rson c Grzoott b Bailey _ _ 15

Jones l9 E Grocott b Bailey 0 D Roderick b itimmer.... ..... 1 J Itirumer c Simpson b F Hardy b Simmer ..... ...... 2 Bailey T Simpson b Eiromtr 6 J Davies b Bailey 0 R Entwistle o Bulien b G Grecott c and b Bailey 8 Wanner n Slidlow not out C Pritchard b Jones 2 Watkins B watkins c Watkins b A Leßrun o Jefferson b Rimmer 5 Bailey 0 T W I,lns-ott o llardy b Watkins 2 W Shepherd not out Extras 4 Extras

Tutal 69

Total ft.

WARRINGTON CO-OPERATIVR V. ST. HELENS Co-OPERA- TIVR.—PIAyed on Tuesday, at St. Helena. Scores :

IVASIIINGT6S CO-OPERATIVA. ST. HELENS CO-SPERATIVE. Ford b than 7 Thistlewayte run out 3 Wilkinson run on` 7 Moody b Johnenn • 8 Kay b Dean 0 T Nlmmer b Johnson B.ton bMa her Starkey b Mather ...... ... 4 Glen b Johnson Seed net out l4 James Simmer not out 3 Johnson not out

Robinson- }. Albinann Smith to bat Sandford

extras l5

Total 67

Hyde Bate Lh 'to bat eig Yates.}

Extras 3

Total 43

RUNCORN V. WINNINOTON PARK.-It RUROVR: The home team cloized thOir innings. and Winnington wen the match just on time by 7 runs. Score :

Ri-nrcolor. . 'lvor ING T'...tr PARK. Crompton b Freeman fl S Frith c Shaw b Lewis 7 Lewisc Anderton to Cromp S Abrams 0 Freeman b _ ton ' 22 _ _ _

_ Lew s ll Roughley e Cross b Bur- II Pope e and b Freeman S Crn- s 0 Shaw b Freeman 1 5 haw °Crompton b Burton 5 J Frith b Ashton I GAtley 0 Saed b Free- _ Abrams _ .. . . . 20

man Burton not oat - Wools Anclorton

Charleston

Dile run out

• Scrogg run out Ashton not out Seed absent 0 Extras - - Extras Total for 7 svkts 100 - Total 107

===== 0002601_18930826_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE-. The following matches were played on Saturday. Score :

DANK QUAY. moan AND J)CILIEY. 7lf elshy l5 T Llttlewood 3 W Delllan W Dutton El Massey l5 P Wells T 1311153 n J Ilachintion T Ashton 1) J Wahl)

J Wilcock T Forster • J Gleare l5 .P Brimelow ll G Wilceck J Massey l5 T Hankinson 2 ~.171

Total

Total lO3

ItE3ULTS_ UP TO SATURDAY.

Platted. Won. Lost. Deven. Pte. Bull's Head Cemetery End Lion Horse and Jockey . 6 Dank Quay '

LANCASSIRE AND CPIESIIIRE ASSOCIATION. COMMITTEE PRIZES.

The competition for prizes presented by the Council, open to all district associations who have not yet taken a prize, was opened en the green attached to the Ship Hotel at Irlam on Saturday. There was a considerable attendance from the Liverpool district, owing to Sefton Park and Walton taking part in the event. Didsburv, Brooklands, Barlow Moor, arid Douglas were eligible to compete, but owing to special circumstances were un- able to participate. Tho arrangements were under the superintendence of Mr. J.W.G. Goombs, vice-president. and Mr. Arthur Morecroft, Liverpool, treasurer, the former of whom officiated as referee. Returns : FINAL.. URMSTeN. OLD TRAFFORD. J TT Fisher G Zone _ l2

A a reextway J Barlow l7 W Peel W Whitnall S ?inward J M'Culltun . Total ... .. . ... 111 Total lO2 • Majority, nine for Ihmaton.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
A CASE FOR INQUIRY.

THE SHOOTING OF 'POACHERS BY VOLUNTEER

GAME WATCEERS.

A Northampton correspondent writes :—The poaching affray on the Marquis of Northampton's land at Yardley Hastings, Northamptonshire, turns out to be much more serious that was at first believed. Althodgb the man arrested with shot in his legs averred that one of his comrades was killed, little credence was given to his statement. It is certain, however, that at least four others were injured by the shot from the Rebinsons' firearms. A Northampton doctor, pledged to secrecy, has attended four men suffering from gunshot wounds. Two of them are seriously wounded 'in the gram and abdomen. The doctor regarded both of them as betng in a dangerous condition, and thought it unwise to at- tempt to extract a number of the embedded shot. He enjoined perfect rest for then'', but on his next visit the men had gone, having been surreptitiously removed from the village by their friends, on the report that the police were coming. 'The present whereabouts of the men and their condition are unknown ; but as the two men most injured required quiet and constant a'tendance, it is feared that peritonitis pith fatal consequences may set in. The prioner, who is not dangerously•injure'd, de- clared that neither he nor any of his comrades attacked the four Robinsons, and had no intention of doing 80. He will be brought before the magistrates at Northamp- ton to-day, (Saturday).

===== 0002601_18930826_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW TO SPEND OLD AGE.

"How would you prefer to spend old acre ?" Genevieve Ward would" forget it," George Grossmith would "try to still feel young," Wilson Barrett would pass it" with honour, love, obedience, troops of friends," Blanche Macklin would

Argue not Against Heaven's hand or will, nor bate (slot Of heart or hope,, but still bear up am! steer Right onward Madge Kendal would " correct the faults of her youth," George Giddens the•workhouse," Edward Compton "in harness," Katharine Compton " far from the mad- ding crowd,' Camille D'Arville " with plenty of money and in comfort," T. G. Warren " in a cottage by the sea, or up the river," William Terriss " in the arms of a pretty girl, Florence Wade " crowned with laurels and every comfort," Jessie Millward " dreaming of the days that are no more," Edward Terry would pass his old age "in the midst of his family and the companietahip of old friends," William Kendal says " I haven't thought about it—sufficient for the day, &c.," Edith Bruce "in com- petency, with those I love," Leonard Borne " in calm and peaceful repose, with my dogs and horses, sur- rounded by true fri.nds, and with sufficient means to alleviate the sufferings of others," Minnie Bell briefly says" comfortably, thanks," W. Lestocq would have a " comfortable income end little work," E. W. Gardner would like" rural retirement," Lionel Bpsugh would be "still acting," Tom Robertson would live "far from the madding crowd," F. H. Macklin quotes : May I govern my passion with abzolute sway, And grow wise.r and betteeas my strength wears away. Frank Harvey would be " surrounded by my wife and children in peaceful retirement, far from the madding crowd's ignoble strife," and Ellen Lancaster, Walls would be "in harness—helping young actors and actresses to achieve greatness." A NOTABLE CENTENARIAN.

At Ravensworth, on Saturday, Mr. Thom as Ironsides died suddenly at the age of 102 years, having been born on the 12th of April, 1791. Be was horn in the hoase in which he died, and which he occupied at the aeath of his father at the age of ninety years. Some years ago Mr. Ironsides lost his wife and was left with la family, chiefly sons, the eldest of whom is 75 years old. The oh) man to the last was in the best of spirits. He was always a believer in outdoor exercises, and al- though for the past few years he had to rely on the assistance of a stick, the exercise he took would have been deemed remarkable even for a man twelly years younger than himself. It is recorded as a singular cir- cumstance that during the whole of his long life the deceased never slept a single night away from his own house.

WONDERFUL!! A Sixpenny Bottle of Mason's Extract of Herbs with the addition of Sop:. and Water will make en.t eight gallons of Sparkling Beer. Don't accept imitations Sample pobt free for nine stamps. Newhall and Mason, Not- tingham Agents wanted.-4drl.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
THE " MARSEILLAISE."

1 The " Marseillaise," says Lamartine, in his h'story of rhe Drirondises' preserves notes of the songs of glory tnd the shriek of death: glorious as the one, funereal !ike the other, it assures the country, while it makes thr ::itizen turn pile." This is its history : There was then a young officer of artillery in the ga: risen at Strasburg, named Rouget de Lisle. He w• horn at Lons-le•Saunier, in ths Jura, that country c reverie and energy, as mountainous countries alwayi are. This young man loved war like a soldier—the Re- volution Fire a thinker. He charmed with his verses and music the slow, dull garrison life. Much in request from his twofold talent as musician and poet, be visited the house of Dietrick, an Alsatian patriot (maire of Stras- burg), OR intimate terms. Dietrick's wife and young daughters shared in his patriotic feelings, for the Revo- lution was advancing towards the frontiers, just as the affections of the bady always commence at the extremi- ties. They were very partial to the young officer, and , inspired his heart, his poetry, and his music. They executed the first of his ideas hardly developed, confi- dantes of the earliest flights of his genius. It was in the winter of 1792, and there was a scarcity in Strasburg. The house of Dietrick was poor, and the table humble; but there was always a welcome for Rouget de Lisle. This young officer was there from morning to night like a son or brother e the family. One day, when there was only some coarse bread and slices of ham on the table, Dietrick, looking with calm sadness at De Lisle, said to him, "Plenty is not seen at our feasts but what matter if enthusiasm is not want- ing at our civic fates, and courage in our soldiers' hearts? I have still a bottle of wine in my cellar. Bring it," he added, addressing one of his daughters, "and we will drink to liberty and our country. Stras- burg is shortly to have a patriotic ceremony, and De Lisle must be inspired by these last drops to produce one of those hymns which convey to the soul of the people the enthusiasm which suegested it." The young girls applauded, fetGhed the wine, filled the glasses of , their old father and the young officer until the wine was' exhausted. It was midnight, and very cold. Da Lisle was a dreamer • his heart was moved, his head heated. The cold seize on him, and he went staggering to his lonely chamber, endeavouring, by degrees, to find inspitation in the palpitations of his citizen heart ; and on hissmall clavicord, now composing the air before the words,and now the wards before the air, d'ornbined them so intimately in his mind, that he could never tell which was first produced, the air or the words, so impossible did lie find it to separate the poetry from the music,and the feeling from the impression. He sang everything— wrote nothing.. • Overcome by this divine inspiration, his head fell sleeping on his instrument, and he did not awake until daylight. The song of the over night returned to his memary with difficulty,like the recollections of a dream. He ,wrote it down, and then ran to Dietrick. He found him in his garden. His wife and young daugh- ters had not yet risen. Dietrick aroused' them, called together some friends as f and as himself of music, and capable ef executing De Lisle's composition. Dietrick's eldest daughter accompanied them, ltouget sang. At the first verse all countenances turned pale, and at the second tears flowed, at the last enthusiasm burst forth. The hymn of the country was found. Alas! it was also destined to be the hymn of terror. The unfortunate Dietrick.went a few months afterwards to the scaffold to the sound of the notes produced at his own fireside, from the heart of his friend, and the voices of his daugh- ters.

The n.• w snng,executed some days afterwards at Stras- burg, flew from city to city, in every public orchestra, Marseilles adopted it to be sung at the opening and the close of the sittings of its clubs. - The Marseillas spread it all over France,by singing it everywhere on their way. Whence the name of the " Marseillaise." De Lisle's old mother, a royalist and religieuse,alarmed at the effect of her son's voice,wrote to him : " What is this revolution- ary hymn, sung by bands of brigands,who are travers- ing France, and witji which our name is mingled e Ds Lisle himself,proseribeel ass royalist, heard it and shud- dered, as it sounded on his ears,whilst escaping by some of the wild passes of the Alps. "What do they call that hymn ?" he inquired of his guide. "The • Marseillaise,'" replied the peasant. It was thus he learnt the name of his own work. The arm turned against the hand that forged it. The Revolution,insane, no loner recognised its own voice!

a te fas of

===== 0002601_18930826_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EIGHT HOURS BILL.

M. S. Wonds, M.P., has written the followink letter to the Premier

" _Rose Villas, Itrynn„Wigan, August 16, 1893.

" The Right Hono.uralile w. E:(3l;icisec;ne, M. i'.

" Dear Sfr,—l beg most respectfully to acknoWledge the receipt of yours of the 11th inst. in reference to the Miners Eight Hours Bill. I regret that lam not able to glean from your letter, after reading it most critically, ' that you are willing to give the promoters of this great measure a day during the autumn session for discussion in committee. We have no reason to believe that the committee stage would occupy more . than one clay. ' During the second reading debate in May last, on which rceasion we were honoured by an eloquent speech from you. we showed most conclusively that a preponderat- ing majority of the miners of the country were in favour of tho bill. We do not that consider the small .minority who are in opposition to us have any more right to be converted or conciliated below, the committee stage of this bill is undertaken, as a condition of such proceeding than you should be called upon to convert and conciliate_ the people of Ulster before you pass the -Home Rule Bill. I desire to point out to you that the miners have, at much expense and great inconvenience to themselves, pressei this matter to the stage at which it has now arrived:, and, as you know, carried the secon-1 reading bv the large majority of 79 in the House of Commons ; and I can again assure you most respectfully that unless you consent to the very reasonable proposil which the miners make to you for a day during the autumn to further discuss this measure your severe treatment of them will be very disappointing, and will necessitate the course -of procedure which I had the honour to point out to you in my former letter.—l have, &c., " Sam. Woods."

Mr. Gladstone, replying to the above letter in favour of giving a Parliamentary thy for the discussion of the eight hours question, fearing he did hot make himself clear to his correspondent, promises to see what he can do to further the object of the eight hours' leaders at the autumn sitting. Mr. Woods considers this satisfac- tory. .

An Alfreton telegram says that on Monday Mr. Wm. Bailey, the principal agent °Me Nottingham miners and a member of the federation executive, expressel the opinion at a general meeting that the millers' members would be justified in withdrawing their support from the Govecoment if they did _not allow the Eight Hours' Bill to be passed this year.

The following is the text ef the letter written by Mr. Gladstone to Mr. S. Woods, M.P., with regard to the Miners' Eight Hours Bill :—" Downing Street, Whitehall, " August 18th, 1893—" Dear Mr. Wools,—l am afraid I have entirely failed to convey to your mind the position of the Government and the intention of my letter with reference to your request that I would now promise to give a day at least for the Committee Stage of the Miners Bill. If in reply I were to ask you when we 'could count upon beginning the autumn sittings, and how much time we could have available for them, you would think I was- mocking you, and with some justice; and yet it is simple truth that your means of judging on this question, slender as they are, are nevertheless much the same as mine. It is a reasonable thing to demand, when I am totally un- able to forecast the measure of available time, and when that time ought to be divided and meted out with strict regard to the relative weight of mans great public claims (a description I freely accord to yours), that I shall now begin to spend the little time on behalf of one of those claims, without asking what others are to be? With all respect I think not. Were a discussion to be specially forced on now, I could not move from this ground ; it would only encourage other like discussions, and merely further abridge the small stock of time at our dispo-al for practical purposes. Thinking there must be an interval. I also thought it worth while for the sake of your cause, to ask you whether it might not be turned to uteful account.—l remain, faithfully yours. "W. E. GLADSTONE."

===== 0002601_18930826_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER RAILWAY ACCIDENT.

A collision occurred on Wednesday evening on the Lancashire and Yorkshirb Railway, close to Victoria station, between a train going to Wigan and one arriv- ing from Accrington. Considerable damage was done to the engines, a guard's van, and one of the coaches, and about a dozen persons complained of injuries. Three of the passengers and the guard of the Wigan train were taken to the Royal Infirmary, but only one person a passenger was detained there. The collision was caused by the accidental sticking of one ef the" off" signals. In the ordinary course of working it would, it is said, be impossible to get the signals off" for both trains.

"TOBACCONISTS commencing ''lllintrated guide (post free) TOBACCONISTS' OUTFITTING Co.-186, Ruston rood, London. Est. 1866.—Advt.

A lady whOd, was present at Ascot Races was seen in no fewer than three different gowns during the after- noon. _ _ _

A Belfast newspaper describes Mr. G. C. T. Bartley, M.P., as one who • never says anything original, but waddles on through superficial commonplace, oblivious to deprecating ejaculations, or ironical commendation. ,Ide is a stout gentleman, with ' sideboard ' whiskers, something in appearance between a greengrocer and a dean."

PUBLIC NOTICE.—Not one but HUNDREDS of people of both sexes with wrecked and debilitated constitutions are yearly restored to sound and robust health again by Messrs. Wilkinson. 3 and 4, Fitzallan Square, Sheffield. Write to thorn for advice free when suffering from weakness, loss of flesh, appetite, disturbed rest, pimples, blotches, indiges- tion, pallid skin, nervousness, and general debiatv. Posi- tive cure for all Blood and Skin Disease', acquired or consti- tutional. Sixty years' experienco. One address (as above) for over 30 years. The' A 1 Mixture," 4s. 9d. the case. The Magic Mirror In envelope, four stamps. Sufferers &sap pointed with Elsetric Belts should write to us at once.—Ads,

"I wish 1 was

===== 0002601_18930826_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
LONDON 500 YEARS AGO.

reel' On Monday evening a large audience asse—we' at the Earleetown Wesleyan Chapel to hears on" London 500 years ago," delivered by the „et It. Wilberforce Starr, of Birkenhead. Mr. J.R°7O presided, and after a formal opening introduce' lecturer in an eulogistic speech. The rev, gentleman then proceeded with hie dise"uti and after a few preliminary remarks he said in town on the banks of the Thames, in the days ° I Plantagenet kings, there was a city wall, like the of Chester or York. It began at Billingsgate and ei,le; at the Tower of London, and was about two miles 3;tpe quarter lifing. The wall yeas pierced by five or sis ent gates, Bishopsgate, Ludgate (T,atned after thew Roman deity),and Moorgate, and so on. A meet or ne t surrounded this wall, which was kept clean and Perseel a tax levied upon the London citizena. There 0; many open spaces in London, which at this daS hardly be realised, and large garden patches. idn-let nobility had a large house, with beautiful attached. Lovely gardens crept a way down to the as'el edge from the Strand ; lovely flotillas of swa63 , seen on the bosom of the Thames, and fish were CI kßef in the pellucid waters. Every house of distinction d ite barge, gilded and ornamented, every biehop house and gardens in London. There were 10' i ;te churches within the sweep of two miles and a Vito' and toweripg above all was the pire ot old St. rer Cathedral, which was swept away with the glat; en It was a very religious age in its time. The Intoi Corporation of London went to St. Paul's seven t year te hear mass. He did not know hew °Vent d went now, but if they went to hear pravern aese Cathedral as often as they went to dinner at the Ms-ter House, they would go nearly every day. 0.3,e0 There were only two houses existing to-day, wlhe .t Whittington saw with his eyes, Crosby Hall, In'i-e°ll gate-street, was one. He wondered how many c d er, and business men who go there to dine, and looke its panelled walls, would recall the fact that Shaloeeiro took his meals there, or that Richard's body laY t el over a night, after being slain on Bosworth Pield•tt Guild Hall was the other. London atmosphere sr he time was very pure, there were no coal merchants to then. What did they care about coal strikes? Tlj , fellow who brought coal to London was hung - buildings were clean, the streets were well kePt•es( I Cheap, tradesmen were allowed to exhibit their wenred stalls on the footp Ali. No carts were allowed in Be horses might be led but only at a walking pace. WV come half-a-dozen Ecclesiastics dressed in tdack,thel been to admieister the Sacrament to a dying burgeVe perchance to a funeral, and are going 10 le home, Blackfriars. When they have c'enee another lot come by dressed in white, an" ;, going home to Whitefriars. Then came anotherto, priests dressed in grey, who are going is their res°'.o in Greyfriars. It was very interesting to know howao, old trades grouped themselves. The retail tradeP,lliei fabturers in London were grouped, the drapers gel close by Lombard-street, and nowhere else. the ekteie makers, in Candle Rig-street, and so on. The citY, p chant was jealously guarded. He wa; watche I ",,-te brethren, and the different trades kept grouped t1pi d with the object ef mutual protection. They won e,tol see that Trades Unions were not of modern inve-fil they formed themselves into guilds or companies. eo hundred years ago there were only ten compall4;Se'.e 7e :.there were 97 different liver edcompanies in Lorl° was interesting to see how free trade was trYiog,,,olo upon its feet. The grocer's company wanted to two or three fields, take into their hands two en 01 businesses. They wanted to go in for a concern I 3tt thing like Lewis's of Liverpool, a concern that Ile with all his soul, one that would gobble up ever.c.,, At tra,lexman . But the other companies said : " ce;es 0 a° grocers had to take a back seer. Nnbncly roe lowed to employ a workman who had not gone ti,7o,ei his apprenticeship, and the companies were IROL a' oil to undersell each other. There were none of their eel trig advertisements of bankrupt stock. There er good social features in those times. When a niela..,3 tt a company died, the widow was loeked after, orphan children were taken in hand, so that theY ° not to think it was such a bad old time, after all•eelle Mercer's Company etarl ea the first commercial tre- ire; they called him a pilgrim. This was on Miebaeer Sunday. The Curfew bell tolled at 8 o'clock, e-„eil persons were allowed in the streets after that:, d arms, and no foreigner was allowed out at lie"' I streets being guarded by rough looking halberdier'e'igh those days ladies went to Parliament in their owe ;pit I Some gentlemen and ladies too, thought they ntttl go now. England had a fleet 500 years ago,2l;pir biggest ship was no bigger than a ScarborougL.,eeell smack, but they had the trustworthy men of t",-, He then went on to refer to Dick Whittingten wr°cDol three times Lord Mayor. He was one of three Pe% al in Gloucestershire, and came up to London as gueel prentice with the Mercer's Company of which 1114ae Sir James Fitzwarren was warden. Whittinetnede the man who brought the pure water supPlY °der( ground into London, and many were his wen deeds which are chronicled in the mighty city. cosi conclusion of the lecture the 'Rev, T. Peneliele Pl'ea t a vote of thanks to the lecturer, Which was seem) ate Mr. Burgess, and heartily accorded. After aYee. thanks to the chairman, the proceedings terinina" • - ANOTHER SA NG UINA RY TALE

TEXAS. 00'0 The Pall Mall Gazette P, of prints the fell "from a special correMondent " ats 9 GALVESTON, TEXAS, WEDNESDAY.—The ifinaw.a to 9 Pleasant Valley, in this state, were thrown ,I°,¢e4° unwonted state of exeitlment by a terrible rt;rtllli which occurred yesterday. A charming voun,..neip ette named Ida Beaty, the daughter of ibe Pc,jolfey storekeeper. and James fly, a prosperous young,;el73,,es were returning from a country church on L'"" r;v6 when they were confronted by William raised his Winchester rifie,aimed deliberately at wlaeal'A. shot him through the head. Bly dropped (300 d,30" The horse Miss Beaty was riding became frighteocoefi ran into the woods. Naites followed her, overteotterr and knocked her off her saddle with his gun, baof °lleg her head, and afterwards discharged the contentstooint of the barrelsof the weapon in her forehead. ID 0 gal the; oiL out herbrains. lie nest placed the muzzle ef azainst his own head and killed him;elf. Ntithe Miss Beaty were engaged to be married, an' jealous of Bly.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. WILLIAM MATHER, 311'.

It is understood that Mr. William Mather, GlaclsWolu member for the Gorton division of Lancashire, deter contest his seat at the next general election. ThLrart/i,; mination is believed to be in no way due to ill"nrpial ness with regard to Rome Rule. " Urgent rot ° affairs" is the reason assigned for the abandonin Parliamentary life. D 35 d Mrs. Barnum is said to be the only person made any money out of Chicago. She has a frrea,ing t 11,4 near the Fair, with scenery, a ballet represea"„a history of America from its discovery till and history is fllkd to overflowing every day. rro/'eoi• The Medical Annual advises Practitioners to reroee f that when recommending COCOAS as food and be,L.er; invalids, the name ()Annuity on any packet of giurantee of purity.—Adrt.

1,44 3-L.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
4kICWAY TIME TABLE.

GUS r PRO X WA UZI NGTON TO . ' 35• 9 56• 8 1223, 2 35, 348, 629, 847. ,ket.11,M43, eo 8,r10146-7 10, 735, 8 28, 1045, 1 42, 2 35, 515, 5 35, 11tr,„_444Y1 10 15. 1 6. a 3 8, a 9 10. 4.1te;r!t•oll If required 4Ss 4114 2.5 Hillhouse-7 12, all 15.1 6. a3B, a 4 0.a6 3-3 . S u • 8 3i. Btop sif require. 4114,, 4JI 520. 5 45, 11 40, 1 30, 235. 348, 629, 84. 81t14,,'34(1. 3 35. 8 43. aleres"kl, —7 40, 9 6,12 15. 1 50. 3 17, 5 U. 6 4, 7 42. 15, 7'27'1441 (L N -W.) a 3 23, 735. 950. 1S 3. 1 50. 358, 4110,7. 11 35. Suntla3 s 257, 1015, 440, 1135. a Mon-

Sunday's 9 40, 25,

:IL !ss-,.•-...., oihgt,,3. 1 Lrly.s.&L )-6 11, 9 59, 11 55, 12 55, 5 0, 711,14b2 Ws 5 15 p.m. Eitina , 520 5 45, 8 35. 9 55,11 40, 12 23, 2 35, 3 49. .Lige.-5p00t...5 ,47 3 243 520, 843. 60. *.iaturdnys Excepted. '111611414312`:4;,8 35. 0 55. 11 40, 1 30, 2 35, 348, 629, 7 11, 7"-s', 71'. 8 4.4 6 °' V IL.15,81408:8 20, 919. 10 15,10 40,1 18, 2 40 3 20, 4 21, ti4t -.4:i.q.....5 .; i., _ Stmlays 843, 50, 8 53. .n60..065.953, 12 23, 2 32, 3 43, 6 29, BU. Sun- ,!.,t.la iZ2. ,1,42,15°20. 545, 9 55. 11 40. 1 30, 2 35, 3 49, 14.7.4(....7 4.21,....JA. S,;indays 2 40 a.m., 3 35 pin. ,44t.; €44.7 411. (,6i 31,01 .13,32.128t1L11,C:a 14440i02206, 1 :57.131 121: i6,107311-.1 10, 8 20, 10 35. 127, 240, 348. 4 40, 6 10, 51 "12 5;/ 7.,undaY4 843, 60. lk 35, 35 .0 23, 7 10, 7 35, 8 23, 950, 10 45, 12 1, 148, Q 24,117. 0 IS. 723, Stz 1135. sundays 257 10 15, 4 23, ury,...l):oexecpt,.d. b U onda 8 only. . 4%18 qq. 745.. 9 5. 12 15, 2 27. 3 17, 5 11, 6 4,7 42, 10 28. .1111,45 15'96, 9 50, 11 55, 1255, 50, 555, 11 53.

2'-5 45, 710, 820, 8 .35 10 5, 10 35, 12 7, 12 23, lil' " 3 30, 3 48, 4 40, 5 35, 6 10. 78, 8 88, Lt7001,441's 7 40 8 43' 4 5,, 3 60, 7 47, 9 45. 101 sh 45,5 43:7 10' 10 40, I 15 3 18, 4 21.440. 5 40, 7 17, 14i,4'4 3's 8 43, 5 0.6 0, 7 47. rt, Mondays only. 46,ti'ut,,-240, 520. *lO 12, 1140, 13), 2 35, 3 48. Sundays 11 Ow% pu.."Ys .‘net Monday only. • ..!•rry & Yen k -7 38, 825. 945, 1148. 1 29, °4lY:*ss')' 17, 80,9 8. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50. a Satur- It

• PI,1"111ra Une-)-7 12. 7 39, 90. 9 5, 10 40, 120. O 7 0 80. a 30, dlO 15, 11 39. Suu- L' 11 25, 2 3.1., 7 5 9 18. 10 10. dSaturdaya 5 ralaqtes later ou,Saturdays. cSaturdays ex-

_ -2 40,5 20, 9 55, 11 40, 1 30. 2 35,3 48. Sundays

61r--,5 46, 7 10, 8 35, 1040, 12 23, 1 18, 3 48,5 35, 7 17, 8 43. 6 O. tit. 23,5 Ira -7 12.7 56. 9Q 95, a 9 33. 10 43. 120,115,25, 670, 8 0, c 9 10, 210 15. Sundays 9 0,11 25, lttkl katjtildaYs and Sat urdays only. bituns 5 minutes lkyina I 44 cSaturd,iys excepted. "" 66. ")'lll- 6 7-55, 821, 2:25, 70, 9 15. Sun-' ',fora 17. 3 17, 5 15,9 31. It 'lO Arpley station-6 20,. 7 22. 80,9 0, p 53, Li 411,4: 36, 1 16. 2 33. 3 50, 4 15, 5 18, 6.13. 78, a 7 43, 3 8. 8 18. (LSaturdays only. 44n 40 - )-525, 710, 823, 8 35. .105. 10 35, ti sa •-• 61078 10 20 tiun lays 5 20, 7 35, 8 43, 4 4 • '.g,11 , tLo()I • . rim 11, Level I lat torm. 114),,1143 (8' n.s' Low Levet Platform)-7 38, 8 25, 9 45, .1.1.114 a 21,48. al 5'4, 3 20, 4 30, 5 12, 6 17, 80. 98. Sun- si„ 7 50. aeaturdays only. 411107). r(litieslitre Ll.‘es)-042/, 530, b ; 25, 7 12. 7 5%8 38, 41.87.115 -. 24, 1035' 10 40,10 SJ, 11 50, 120,12 35, 12 50. 1,4444650,''j,35')'„2 5, 2 59, 332, 350, 4 0, 4 50, 5 29, 5 50, 6 10, • 11430-', 50, 80, 350, 95, 918, 10 10, 10 45. 11 39. 0.4,04. -1,00. 90, 9 55, 11 25, 2 20, 2 32, 75, 830, 9 13, (L .sys. bnondars only. 'NAV.) -a2 5 7, b 3 23.7 3). 9 50, 10 4112 3, In :'-undays 2 57,10 15,4 20, 11 35. ' Edon ay etkil▪ doe diondaya only, Yisis ialm,kll-6 11, 9 6, 9 59, 12 55, 5 0, 555. 11 53. INlkaLss • 512,C)1, 22, 8 0, 9 0, 9 53, 10 49, 10 54, 12 38, 1 16, 2 33., 0 13, 78, a 7 45 9a. sundays 8 50, 38„ 8 13. 11436thogla.Y. Frorn Ar station 10V21471.11, 1.1.-W.)-2 45 a 4 45. 545, 7 10, 8 25, 9 19, kJ' .16044 .;:8, 20, 323 4LI 440, 5 :55, 62, 7 17,3 11, 9 18, ll' Pt ," 2 45, 7 40;8 43, 50,6 0, 7 47, 3 58. allondays I t,ilt 4 t,ll I,evel Plate' ID. it'll3"2 F‘,.0111 Low Level P atform)-7 20, 7 55, 8 57, 31:1140.-.0. 345 6 10, 75,9 5, 11 40. Sundays 846,35, 163440,,,, 1() attr (Oheslthe Lines)-6 58, 155, 8 21, 8 55, 90, k'etss, 7 nll 25. 11 55, 12 55, 155, 2 20, 255. 3 55, 455, 11141 bb, 8 12, 8 55, 9 15, 9 55, 1148: Sunelays 856, , 3 55, 7 15$ 8 55. 9 17, 9 31, 10 0. -

, 01i,..... 1-0 45. 2 35. 5 10 15. 1004 1 '0;1450, 2 35, 5 35, 7 28. Sundays 10, 8 35, 9 19, I..ws -2 45, al 45, 5 1942.5,111,f -14, J 223 1 18, 2 40, 3 250,430'230: 3 48, 4 21, 4 40, 0 Sundays 2 45. kc 3. 8 11, 9 18, 1091 t, 1 5 4 aMondays Only. 58, 7goti 21147109279:12 21 225, 527, 70, 833. 836 'lO 17, 3 50, 5 15. 9 31- , Ik'"4B 'lO. 5 20' 54- 835 9 55, 10 12, 11 40, 18_23_, 1-39; 1p 23.7 17,840,31:J15. ' Sundays 2 40, 8 43. 335,60, 825, 10 28., 11 48, 1 29, 320, 512, 6 17. 'l2,tt hel n 4_4'342%4;5 25, 710, 820, 835. 105, 1035. _l2_7: 1 20. 6 10, 78, 8 55, 1020. Sundays 745 843, 10, i 15,91 2, .1 aa :i _...., 7 22, 80, 9 0, g 58, 10 49. 10 54un.1238, 1 11, , -,15. 5 18, 6 13, 7 8, 'l7 43, 9 BStlond. 33,8 _ 0 ' taktl..B-a.a.urdays only. From Arploy 14 ..w.)_7 38, 825, 945, 1028, 1148, 1 29, 'an, 512 917 80'9 8. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50. eitt ttle:llesshirs) 1:111111-4Y'' °id).* ' ' 756, 95, 100, 10 40,1.2_ ZO, _1 15: ~10 siat,?„., 10, e Line 7 0, a 93. r.-, undays 90, 940, 4Z • 1,41/411-...C.,.,"aY4 eXtet,ted. ' 4 le' a 5 3 •5 20, 5 45, 7 10, 8 35. 9 55. 10 40,_11 40, 1223, 5,3, 629, 717. 840. 9 18. 10 15. Sundays '1)35.60,945. 111,108 t,,,, TO WARRINGTON FllO3l 14010429 9 43, 1 48, 72. Sundays 10 40, 4 15, 341613 i 41,' --.6 39. 74, 8 52, 110, irthe",,,"Y° 5 53, 4 32. 3, 728 10 4. Sundays - 9 '3B, 4 56, 6 44, 8 45, 2 41' 8 31. .-"- . 1 .1, ---35 Sundays 1,, 220-611 llailliouse-9 14, 1 16, 7 18, 949. 1114thii-7 °, 8 55, 1 0,5 40, 90. Sundays 445, 745. p.m. • 1101111111:41,:i.- 6 15, 7 30, 10 15. 1 15, 1 55, 5 10, 6 2u. I_°`-'... I, • & N.-W.)-11 15, 3 10, 6 0,7 30, 9 0. _U 00, itqVsl4.-1,.,, 725. Sundays 11 15,3 10, 8 45, 12 125,...! 0; ~,, i1)---(u.s..t L.)-6 5. 8 50, 1135, 123, a?„..,xonespot 0,1111t1k°1; , 11 16. Sundays 430, a.m., 40, 11 19. o/a )fillas 'TIO-'9, 30. 10 0, 10 48, 12 40, '0 "slk DuaBP ' 35.5 40, 7 55, 20, 630. 7 55, 10 15. in 35 1 20, albot Road)-8 15, 8 40, 9 53. --.. ~l, 4317.1c,94u. 8 35. 100 Sundays 7 25, .C 1 45 p ,Tentral) -8 0, 8 27, 8 56* 9 99. 1 ' 1 40, 5 1(5.1. 4.560. Sundays 7 10, 1 20. 4 55, 850.45' 4 120.20. 14‘Zt`3 7 ,1. 8 0 845 9 5.10 35, 12 35, 1 20, 2 • 4,--,S 4-, 8 3e. Sundays8 20, 6 10, 920. " "It --• 0. 935, 1028, 1 31, 6 40. Sundays 12 52. 12(154rlisit' • 40, 930, 140,4 2t, 5 38, 7 43, is_sg 2, 427*. 8 41 12 10 p m 8 41. Sundays 7 25 845, 9 .40' 10 12, 11 5. 2140. 125, 2_ I_o_, 53, 6 35;7 35;8 35. Sundays 2 0.6 D. 6 59, • 5639 716 842 109. 12 38. 1 43, 210, 330, 74 fi. 9 I:' , 10.46 'Sundays 810,7 15. 'W`445. EY'• 1 42 60% 40 8.13 9 20. 11 5, 11 10, 12 , .0. 1255,__ t"--5 .12. -"). 85.'8 15, '9 30. Sundays 2 3, 4 42, 6 10, 2 65. s b.... 47. 16, 1017, 11 43, 2 47, 522, 99. Sundays Nit '-'l3 1 1 10.3 5 35, 4 45, 70, 83, al2 35, 330. '1 1„..1171i5510u719 18. 650, 3 30. - xeept Mondays. 07. ,65 7 20 8 ' al. 48 929. 1013, 1129. 12_ 550, 34: 433. 532, 5 53, 6 30, 8 38. i9_a2, 1141ssot, -1154 8 34. 954 9 59, 10 3, 40. 7 23. aSatu d )-it 4°16,681,9.7 8,812. 9 47. 3 7, 5 23, 5 40. 7 26,9 32. Sundays R )1„,,1bta,., ~a• a's,,lte4'L--10 20 2 0 60. Sundays 60.9 11 . 327 129Liik8;41'8"16; & 'Yenketli-- 7129 8, 9 43, 12 27, Z 17, • Y 8 32 '2 57 87. 41ii L,lllMLestaire Salsa) 8 5.54' 027.' 7 50, 90.9 30.10 48, tile,- °43,-51,', 35, 4 52.15v1"-. 5 56;6 57. 726. 8 57, 11 21. Sun- -2 90, 3 17, 4842 651. 8 54. 9 40. , Oitisorn ---Au 10, 20, 550, 9,5, Sundays 5 50. eO"5 44, 8 26 1022. 1223, 241, 426,9 '15'35, 820, .10? 4;110411day 9 40, 75. i1.11:1-4,!' 9 7 eaq i; 11. Su -438 ndays 8 37, 9 20. 331.4 55, 9 10. 40: 9 3, 825 9 10, 10 3, 1 14, 1 54, 2 21' 2 55, t -7 38, 9 56 1 13, 5 4, 8 52, 11 20 . sun • -1• 0, 8 45. 955 ' ' .32 06, 11 17, 1 20, al 45 2 13. a 3 4_,i,, 49 19 1, 953. 1127. Sundays 5" `ZO.Sq • n ',atm.% ' ' ' t ardava exc mted. 10:'11 (si, T,TI3T° Offly' b" 1 60, 80, 920. II 50, „L Earle 1,m.) - a 2 `.5 7 3), 9 " 4,.. 1 5:8 35 9 0 10 5 .11 0. Sundays ""' nitln , ...s • aturdays only. 44:45',4 241., a te27,6 ;65 'Bl.l2YOs, only. 95, lO 5 1 35 12 40, 1 30, 2 40. 1 'lv ' • v• 65, 8 10. 1045, Sun'AnY'S 7 45. 2 10, 7 20, q.'lo,spltlial)-5 45, 6 10,7 30, 8 30, 1340, 843, 9 30, 12 30 12 40, 1 30, 1 50, 20. C. bl2aS a 4°, 4 30204 11),_30'.j153.0 5 .36, 6 30, 6 35, 7 30, 80, attY4- 114 b i'l 30 ' Sundays 8 0, 9 0, 230,. • 8 30.8 330;9 30. .alfunda.ys and Saturdays 11:1 ika „ 14.11C15 s'''' 8t li 1., 40 -IV ) 12 0 5 15, 7 15, 7 30, 10 30, ' 0 .su ;'la3s 10' --- ' 0 120, 100. 50 3 15 _ ' B,,,_,Alidland.)- 5 15'9:0 10 5'12 10, 20, 4 0, 50, a 9 15. ceptMondays 4 4., L1ii5.,,,,73 32. 923 9 a ,tlxo' 12 11 9, 1 11.a137, 2 5..12 33, 6'63 417 41 853, 948. 11 19. SunosYs E11141254,11'g'5. ter. &SaNtu.;.iiritis onli. bSaturdays excepted. 14611'1l 8 2ri 35. 30.3'?-6o 7, 5 10, 6 75, 9 4 °O, 809 90 940. 110, 45,425 . 10 40..11 C 5,,15 40' • ~-• 8 30, 90' 60, 10 40. From Ex.•hange. __ ' i a,z() 4 ""1; (ton 1 do' r ad) 7 15.7 50,9 65, 10 35,11 5, 12 .3b, 141 'lla 65 5. 52.3°6 5-7 5„8 20, 9 10, 1045. Sunda) s • i . .. 98a. ur.tays only. boaturdays excepted. 4.3, I'3' (Cheshire Lines)-66 0, 6 48, 9 20, 8 30, a 9 5, ao. a 0 . 60. 10 45 1130. 1230. 1245. 1 70. 2 --AO ~3 30' 430. 9 15 411 J; 1,9.96 11(1. 6 30 7.30'8 .' 830. 11 0. Sundays 8 ~.0 , j 141.7311'019' 20' 2 6 6 30'8 5 825 9 35. alinndaYa an 631: nes'ye oul,• vv6 58 10 .57. 2 42, 6 1. 4'02'120 i '9 6 11 55 320,950 6 57,8 59. Sundays 7 15,4 48. ;P'lolll.aws '6 55 42, 9 24. 10 8. 11 23. 1 065,a;5:0. 16. al -28 1' 7 7 , 8 48 43 3 47, 4 35, 4 55, 5 49, 6,,..27%. l ~0,0. 10 14, 11 8, 611 43 Sundays 8 30, 9 49, '''' v a and bSaturdays only. it; 41 Th, 41°21.. 8 32, 8 55, 109. 125, 517. 916. 10, ',e,i7. 5 50, 95, 9 39:10 10,11 15, 1120,12 15 1 0,2 43. Sundays 935, 10 47. Sundays 2 7.8 35, 3 in, 6., 0. s, 11110ndays excepted. bYlonday mornings only. _ " 45. 2 39, 9 10,la 22, 11 50, 1 30, 2 55, 4 40, 5 40, , a 5 -,--,0 2s, 7 o. 828,915, 955, 11 15, 12 5. 12 59„ 1_39, 5. 9 641,5, 6 10, 720, 90 11 £O, n 1 20. Sundays 740, 1,111, caturla% s only. 12 683, L 8 36.9 28,10 2. 1113.1 15,a1 41,.2 9,02 42,82 2595; r,.• :, ' 45, 7 45, 8 57, 9 52, 1123. Sundays „20 ‘l,'s o"llurdays only. //Saturdays exeept.iti. .4N -W.) 75,' 856 9 33, 10 33, 1218, 14, 2 10, 46,-8 50 116. Sundays 8 24, 2 50. 7 59. 22:1141; 10 'a 4' (Chest* Li ~_,S, •4 ao e nes)- 8 30. 9 16, 10 9. 1 11_12.12 25, 1 27. ,411111182.5„ ' ' 29.6 12, 7 16. 7 55, 9 16. Sundays 842. 335. -4;e4,16 42K.36. 63 6, 633, 8 15 9 31., 1010, 11 42, 12 15, 1 28, "rat. Cii-ill PS, 7 40,8 10.4352 050 8 ndays 2 36, 9 30, • "izerPll Monday., elBeBdoll Only: .

g' 11, 001 fit

THE MURDER OF SERGEANT EVES.

SENSATIONAL EVIDENCE. SCENE IN COURT. On Monday, before the Latchingden justices at the Moot Hall, Maldon, James Ramsey, 33, an engine driver, was brought up on remand charged with having stolen 1.3 i bushels of corn from Hazeleigh Hall, near Mahlon, Eesex, on the night of the 15th of April last. It was in attempting to arrest the men who had etolen the corn that Police-sergeant Eves met with his death. Ramsey was one or the men tried tor the murder, but he was acquitted, while two other prisoners—John and Richard Davies—were found guilty and condemned to death. John Davies was executed on Wedeesdaylast week,but his brother's sentence was at the last moment commuted to penal servitude for life. In consequeuce of certain new facts which have been Drought to knowledge, and of the statements made by the brothers Davies in prison, Ramsey was re-arrested on the present charge.—Mr. Pearce who prosecuted on behalf of the Treasury,stated that the facts of the case were in a great measure the same as those which their worships had before them, on a recent occasion when the prisoner Ramsey with the two men, John and Richard Davies, were charged with the murder of Police-sergeant Eves. Inspector Pryke, of alaidon,. said—On Sunday after- moon, April 18th, at about three o'clock,. Joseph Moss, son of the farm bailiff to Mr. Fitch, oh Hazeleigh Hall, came to his house and made a communication to hill!. He went with Moss towards liazeleigh Hall and found tele died body of Sergeant Eves in a ditch. Two sticks were found close to the body, and also two small heaps of wheat. Police-sergeant Williams said a few days after the murder Rameey told him he did not see anything oh the Davies's on Saturday, April 15th. Ramsey added :. " You have got hold of the wrong ones this time. That job belongs to them chaps (cleaning the gipties). up there on the green." in reply to a question as to whether he had been to die scene ot the murder,Ratusey said, " No. What does that concern me ? But the Davies's are no more to do with this job than I. am.", Witness, continuing, deposed to searching Rainsey's house in company with a police-constable. They found there several sacks (produced) aboet eight of which were similiarly marked to those which contained the corn. Mrs. Selina Davies, widow of the executed man, Jcein Davies, appeared in the witness-box in deep miturnieg. She deposed that on Saturday, April 15th,, she was at home with her husband. The prisoner came to the house at about nine o'clock at night. He knocked at the door, and her husband opened it. She saw Ramsey come in. Ile had some bags rolled up under his arm. Ramsey said to her husband, " I. levee some bees, Jack." Her husband asked her if she Bad any bags. She replied that there was one lyirg on the floor. Shortly afterwards she went to bed, and left ber hus- band and Harniey,together. She did not know anything more. She did notaear much convetsatien, and t;he did not take any notice of what they were talking about. She fell asleep, and when she awoke she heard someone say, " Put out the lamp." She thought the voice was that of Richard Davies, but afterwards found it was Ramsey's voice. She did not know what the time wits then, but did not think it Was more than an hour alter she fell asleep. It was before they left the house. They left the house immediately the lamp was put out. She called out to her hueband, " Jack, art you there ?'' but there was no answer. She got up and found they were outside the house. She could not see them ;it was too dark. She could distiuguish voicee, but could not hear what the conversation was about. She heard the voices of her husband, Richard Devfes,and Renisey. In reply to the prisener, witness said she remembered going with her husband to Ramsey's house. Iler hus- band called Ramsey emt,but she did not hear what passed between them. Prisoner.—Why did you wait until your husband had made a false confession before you made this statement about me. Witness.—Because I could not say anything until after my husband had made an admission. Prisoner.—Why did you wait P—Witness who was greatly affected, replied—" Have you any heart ? Is it not enough that you should come and fetch my husband out of my house, and hang bins ?"—Prisoner : I did cot fetch him.—Witness : you did.—You did.—Prisoner : I did not.—Witness was led from toe court weeping, say- ing, "You did fetch my husband out." Richard Davies, father of the brothers Davies, said on Monday morning, April 17th, Ramsey was in his (witness's) Leaden at seven o'clock. Ramsey remarked to John Davies that they would both be taken that morning. Grace Davies stated that at the time of the murder she was living with her uncle. She occupied the back room upstairs. After she went to bed on Saturday, April 15th, she heard someone call at the house. She heard her uncle John leave the house, and heard Ramsey say, "Come on, Jack." She did not hear them return, Prisoner : Did you not say at Chelmsford that you did not hear anybody come to the house that night ?—Wit- ness : I believe I did.—Prisoner : Why did you say so at Chelmsford ? Witness : Because I did not want to hurt my uncle. (Slight applause.) Richard Davies, who was .dressed in the prison garb, said that on Friday, April 14, ha was working at the thrAshing machine at H4zeleigh Hall. On Saturday, ' 15:h April, he went to bed about 9.30 o'clock, or a tew minutes afterwards. His brother said, " Dick, come down the garden. I want you. Don't make a noise." His brother afterwards told him that they were going to Hazeleigh Hall to get some ot the wheat they were thrashing. -After leaving the house, his brother John Ramsey, and himself, went towards Hazeleigh Hall Barn, which they broke into, filling six sacks with wheat. They took the sacks to the Pound field, where they placed them in a gap in the hedge. They then each carried a sack, walking about six yards apart. On arriving at the gateway leading to Little Spur Hill, his brother John called to him, and he saw Ramsey, Ser- geant Eyes, and his brother on the ground together. Ramsey said, " You are a--good sort of mate, Dick." His brother John then told him that he knocked the policeman down, and that Ramsey had cut his throat. (Sensation in court.) Ramsey wanted to put the bode. on the railway, but eventually it was rolled into a ditch. The sticks were also thrown in the ditch. Three sacks 'of wheat were then put in the pond. Their inteution had been to convey the corn to John Davies's house,and it was arranged that Ramsey was to come for it with a pony and cart en the Saturday morning. After the murder they all went home. The witness denied ever 1 having been previously; engaged in a corn robbery. Evidence as to the arrest of Ramsey having been ' given lie was committed for trial.

25 Ultt; 12 is ~ropt• ,1114445,.. (tyts,q, )4Z,29.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
t 6

BRUNNER, MOND, AND CO.

HALF-YEARLY MEETING. A DIVIDFND OF 100 PER CENT. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held on Monday at the Law Association Rooms, Cook-st., Mr. J. - T. Brunner, M.P., presiding. Alter the secretary had read the notiee convening the meeting, the Chairman moved the adoption of the director's report and Aide- ment of accounts, which showed a balance to the credit of profit and loss account on the working of the half-year ended on the 30th June, 1803. of £251,219 7s. 10d., which, with the amount of £172,754 13s. 10d., brought forward from the previous half-year, made a total of £423,974 is 81 Mr. Brunner also moved that the dividend on the preference capital be at the rate ot 7 per cent, per annum, and the dividend on the ordinary capital be at the rate of 100 per cent per annum free of income tax for the half-year ended 30th June, AN. He might add tliat was their twenty-filth general meeting, and bethought on an occasion like that, which was like a silver wedding, a dividend of the character indicated was quite appropriate to the circumstances. (War, hear.) The shareholders were this year informed by the auditors that they had examined the securities, and he thought it was right the shareholders should know what had been done, for it was a matter of great importance, and he trusted they would bcll satisfied with it. (Hear hear.) Mr. H. Coghill seconded the motion, which was adopted. Mr. W. H. Anderson moved that the directors, other than the managing directors, be paid £5OO for their .ser- vices during the hall-year. The work had been very satisfactory„indeed. Mr. Blain seconded the resolution, which was car- ried. On the motion of Mr. Isherwood, seconded /ay Mr. J. G. Jones, £lOO was ordered to be paid to the auditors for the half-vear, it being stated that their work, with the growth of the company, had greatly increased. The Chairman said that brought their proceedings to a close, and he only h'dped that at the next meeting they would be as well satisfied as they were that day. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Darsie, in moving a vote of thanks to the chair- man, said there was little need to say anything on account of the great pleasure afforded them when they received their accounts. Mr. Brunner returned thanks on behalf of himself and colleagues. When he saw tlw same faces around him half-year after halt-year these were very pleasant OCC3- siong indeed to him. (Hear, hear.) The proceedings then terminated.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
AN AWKWARD TELEGRAPHIC

BLUNDER.

RESULT, EXECUTION OF THE WRONG MAN. A peculiar telegraphic blunder is described in the " Bombay Gazette." In a certain Presidency two men were under sentence of death for murder in gaols in diff- erent parts of the country, and both appealed for mercy. It was finally decided that one of the men should under- go the dread penalty, and that the other should be re- prieved. Telegrams to this effect were despatched to the ! Superintendents of the respective gaols. The telegraph ! superintendent forwarded the messages. The result was that the wrong man was hanged. and that the murderer whom it was the intention of the authorities to leave to his fate was reprieved. The telegraph superintendent explains that the error was due to the fact that the difference between the names was so slight—only an " a" and au " " tn."

===== 0002601_18930826_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
TIM EX A ATTNER, s t TTTIM AV. AUG UST 26, 1 03.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
OUT OF EVERY THIRTY POUNDS OF TEA

CONSUMED IN GREAT BRITAIN IS SOLD RN,

===== 0002601_18930826_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
LUMBAGO

SPRAINS.

',LIMAN'S UNIVERSAL EABROCATION. is. 11d. & 2s. 9d.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
RHEUMATISM.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

===== 0002601_18930826_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
Esthnaks Given

FOR ALL CLASSES OF WORK;

''4ONl AN

eadrCSS CeLINZI le a MctnyDzib Plercarei.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
'KEATING'd: POWDEE:' Ea, Fiens,Bugs,lioths, Btet

- "KEATING'Ef Po IPDH - Fleac.Bnps, Moths, Beetiro.

41(1.11ATING'S l'o%l4)Etr." Mills Fleas, Bilath Mbths. Beet! os.

K EAT I NO'S- PO WDEtt." • lOUs Fleas- Br" Moths..Beolee•

• K PATIN G?:. PO W DER."

This powder, so celebrated. is rerfectly unrivalled In destroying BUCK PLHAS, MOTHS. Bffmnais, and, nit Insects (whilst perfectly hirroless to all animal life). An woollens and furs should be well sprinkled. with the Powder before placing away. 1 is invaluatle to take to the Seatide. To avoid disappointment Insist upeat having " Keating's Powder." No other Powder is effectual Sold on.y 6d., Is., and 2s. 6bt: Beare ot imitations. Don't be deceived.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
MS IN CHILDREN, WOR

WORM 3 IN CHILD EN,

are,easily, surelv. and with perfect safety got rid of by ming, LEATING'S WORM TATILIiTS. Nearly nil children suffer from Worms. If suspected, de not wait; you can with ease core the child .(has no .effsict except ois worm ). sold by all Ohentists, in Tins Is. l4each.

. , - BLAIR'S - GOUT. RIILUMATISM, _------ LUMBAGO, . -- kftlC, 11,11V:kl'N'- __.--- - G°l3l

The ACUTE P 1 IN 18 quickly telieved and owed in a few days by these celebrated PlllB, well k noaxx as the Great Rem edv for the above complaint.. Sure. 'Age, ant Ifectnal. SOLD BY ALL CIIRMISTS at la. 10. and •2a. 9el. per box. PILLS

-W. GEE TAYLOR'S

E CEMA CURE„.,

At once stops irritation, and cures all SKIN DISEASES. Contains NO POISON. Does not Stain. Price Is. lid. and 2s. 9d., or Postal Order ls. ..& 3s, from Sole Proprietor. Agents wanted.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
W, GEE TAYLOR, Chemist, Huniterford, Berks

FIARIISON• : v......::,.......... ~.3:SwitTiTOLDTIfEnDALIit N. 63 --"L-t: .- 4 - KNITS Stockint-n, Clothing in _ Wool, Sak, or Cotton. 4 . Lists !NI. per Post Tit Mat PLIANT AWA r.D st Is. Ti,. only WItSNER to the WORLD of 6 Cola Iskolols. Also Makers 4th. buff t.e., nil ess,Stookttig 1111.ilior, Brooch Office. 77. Oxsoun 8r„ iAINIMIN.—Tns 'IAA novo. KW MIN 3 MACKIN6 Co. Works, ta, urrEn BROOK ST.. NANO:IE6IE6o

===== 0002601_18930826_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
WOODS' PATENT GALVANISED STEEL WIRE MATTRESSES; With French and Persian Bedsteads cons:slag. To be seen (tarrying ONB TON. Wo Challenge other Wire Ntattreis stand this Test It

But is it ever re- mire,/ of a Mattress that it should carry one ton? Certainly Hitherto the the use of Wire ,:•ts that they .oe, which was /6 give this severe test to ~ If they do within 5 ones.. from Sale Itloms. Laighetreet. ,Limitel, WARRING CON.

pnice thA years we

TitollA9 TRH LONGioRD W

I:::""r".3"s6lwG3s—Fre::,ll(Pli-IC::: .I.' ' - "*-:".-1,,Z.. • ~,- ~„--,.; . ''' , 'f: ' 4".,_ la' -., . -...A7.-fl';-* ' , --*.:A• • '' f, , i •I'l -...: ..,,r4 ~ ••-• not. aunplrinta ...ming' th 1 , 4 , ' Mattresses Iris been _ stretched a ter a firm, ••-... -.haat ra5,..0.• true. W- ' Nal ours will not stretch. -rill replace wt h new , To be had ' Strl TON, ' 9/111E Co.,

===== 0002601_18930826_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S PILLS

ARE universary admitted to be worth a Gui tea a Box for Silicas and Nervous Disorders, such as Wald and Pain In the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fulinem and Swelling after Meals, Dizziness and Drowsiness, Col 1 Chills, Flnshings ot Heat, Lost of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Scurvy and Blotches on the Skin, Die. turbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb- ling Sensations, &c. The first dose will give relief in twenty minutes. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try one Brad these Pills, and they will be acknowledgedto be

===== 0002601_18930826_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

For females of all ages these Pills are invaluable, as a ew doses of them carry off all humours, and bring about all that. is required. No female should be without them. There is no medicine to be found equal to Beechana's Pills for removing any obstruction or irregularity of the system. If taken ac- cording to the directions given with each box, they will soon restore females of all ages to sound and robust health. This has been proved by thousands who have tried them, and found the benefits which are ensured by their ure. For a Weak Stomach. Impaired Digest:on, and all Disorders of the Liver, they act like magic, and a few doses will be found to work wonders on the most important organs in the human machine. They strengthen the whole muscular system, restore the long lost complexion, bring back the keen edge of appetite, and arouse into action with the rosebud of health the whole physical energy of the human frame. These are FACTS testified continually by members of all classes of society, and one of the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debilitated ie, BEECHAM'S PILLS have the Largest Sale of may Patent Medicine is the norld.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S MAGIC COUGH PILLS.

As a remedy for Coughs in general, Asthma, Bronchi,. Affections, Hoarseness, Shortness of Breath, Tightness and Oppression of the Chest. Wheezing, &a., these Pills stand un rivalled. They are the best ever offered to the public, and will sieerilly remove that sense of oppression and difficulty of breathing whin), nightly deprive the patien of rest. Let any person give BERCHAII'S COUGH PILLS a trial, and the most violent Cough will In a short time be removed.

Prepared only, and Sold Wholesale and Retail, by the Pro prictor, Thomas Beecham. S. Helens, Lancashire, In Boxes 9)1:1., Is. lid. and 2.3. Si each.

S OA by all Drriggiete and Patent Modlcine Dealers erery wh•re,

N.B.—Full direction, are riven Vlth each law.

T.MPutiTANT INVICNTION tor the nwrled, harmteas anti certain, 0 stamp* f r sample.—G. ANDREW, LIO Perth-road. London. N.

IF MARRIED, or I. oing to, be wise and bend your addreos In confidence. Ramo address for reply.—Youso AND Co., 69, Barker-pool, Sbelfiell.

AUISTOTLE'S WORKS, with plates 32 pages, 30 stamps. "Paris by night, or Gay Life in Paris" ; illustrated 34.1 stamos.—Postree BIWKER. 27, Renshaw-SL. Liverpool

EXCIIANOR for Stamped Envelope for particulars. Mar- ried Larlv has a most va liable harmless recipe for ladles.—Mrs. BAYLEY, Broaci-st.. Nottingham.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
rrOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS fot 1- Females, quickly correct all irregularities, re.nove all obstructions. and relieve the distressing symptoms so preys- lent with the sex. Boxes Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. of all etr!mists sent anywh.re on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker, B. T. Tow Lit, Chemist, Nottingham.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
ONY. BOX OF CLARKE'S" 13 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs. in either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and l'ainb in the back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes, 4e. 6d. each, by all Chemists and ratebt Medicine Vendors, throughent the World; orient toany achiress for sixty stamps by the Makers, The LIXCI,LY AND 31/I,LIND COUNTIR3 ORM COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BARCLAY it tiOss, Londtm. and all the Wholesale Houses.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0104.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_..------

===== 0002601_18930826_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
BINDING

4 ( ECONOMY \W ik\CLESPATCH.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
THREE PREPARATIONS of Real and Attested JI Value s_ M. ASHTON'S TIC AND NEURALGIA • MIXTIIIIB. in Is. bottles, gives instan tan euus relief . TT M. ASHTON'S TONIC VEGETABLE LIVER .11-1.• PILLS, 70. and Is. hoses •Contaia no injurious in nerals. BOW/IL COMPLAINT MIX.TUith. la is. bottles, used in all forms of Choler:. These eve to be obtained only of the Proprietor, siscier- imutrr PIIABMACY. 63. Sankey-street (opposite Legh-street), Warrington.

ititttro to the

. THE LAND QUESTION."

you allow me the advantage of your •vale- able journal to call attention to the splendid work that Is being done In the North of England and in Scotland .by the Land Nationalisation Van and ire • Auxiliary Cart? 'thanks to the remarkable growth of public opinion on this question. this object and aims of the Land Nationalisation Society are now widely known and appreciated, and the educational work th...t has been carried on during the lait few years has crested an interest in tho Land Question which cannot fail to snake its influence felt. .

Our system of private ownership is everywhere being brought to the test of fact and experience, and its intol- erable and unjust pr?ssure upon occupier and producer, in town and country, and the social evils which st-em inseparably connected therewith, will very soon c'aitn the serious attention of Parliament. The object of the Land Siatiosaliaation Society is to educate the electors n this important question that any measure of reform may be based on the soundest principles. The problem is unquestionably a complex one, involving the adjustmeot of many conflicting interests; and it is only by the spread of information concerning the working of our present system that its inherent evils can be avmded. There must be many among your readers who sym- pathise with this society, and as treasurer, I would ix- vite them to give us the benefit of their support. The practical consideration of this question by Parliament cannot be much longer postponed, anct, in fact (as your readers are no doubt aware) it has already attained a position of urgency in several County Councils. If all eur friends can 1)2 induced to form themselves into a compact body of reformers, we shall be able to 2.ecure for our principles that attention which I think they deserve. —Yours faithfully,

ALEX. W. PAYNE, Treas. Lan 1 N itionalisation S•lciety. 14, Southampton-at, Strand, London, W. C.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND

ATHLETICS.

CRICKET.

After all the tribulations and luckerings, and as the novelist would add " heart burnings," anent the recent losses of our first eleven, we, or rather they, are blessed with a change of fortune. For the second time this season they met the Manchester Club,and for the second time they beat them, which is a decoration that does not adorn the achieves of any other club in the County Palatine. And so for this "much thanks," and let me give the club an imaginary slap of congratulation.

The total scores are not altogether a reliable indication of the nature of the victory warrington achieved. True their score wai 127 dgainst 107, hut had it not been for the brilliant play of two of the Manchester men, backed up by the most favourable circumstances, the win would have been a much greater one. Why, at one time Man- chester actually had nine wickets down for 38 runs, and out of those eight wickets there were five which repre- sented duck's eggs. It was only near the chse of the Manchester innings that their fortunes looked up and they smiled again—a feat which our history tells us a certain king couldn't do because he bad lost, Rot a match, but a son. A very heavy slower of rain fell and thus laid the crease in a beautiful styl...-.; for the two last scorers Birley (32), Moss (30).

The battiag in the Warrington ranks was of a good all round character, and the good form shown by the two professiodals, Sugg and Clark,wasespeciali; notice- able. W. Sum also bowled spleodiclly, his analysis at one time reading nine overs,seven inaidens,four wickets, for two runs. Ashton, "the new man," performed very neatly, although he didn't have much to slow for i, either in howling or batting. He took no wicktts, and made a "duck's egg." 11. Smith, by the way,had a or time of it, for he was unfortunately run out withou: scoring, owing to the "lack of msponss " on the part of Voisey. Mr. S. M. Crosfield prolonged his absence from his borne club by aaotlTf blat Iy °mil, to !v- -. dving hour for Warrington, in playing for tho county leant.

The "Athletic News" says of him :—" Mr. S. M. i Crosfield has improved very much in his capacity as , captain of the Lancashire team, and against both York- shire and Sussex there need not be anything better in , that line, for almost the whole of his bowling changes were successful. In the $1,1#7,e7... match all but Baker and Mold reached doull!e figure.s.'anci ths finest innings of t . .1...._...-------• .a.60.L.4-......81b0rtr- vrif.T6's 126, ti)6:111 w. aiigz gave a dashing display. in running up t4;;an,4, crolfigi4 N-j-i very fief) in compiling G).' •

• •—• • .a_al

ihere was a very pleasant match between the second eleven an the Sergeants 840th R.D. It ended in a gigantic win for the eleven for they scored 173 against

- ~ The, Sankey Bridges Wesleyans Bad tigter fortune on saturday, and instead of returnlbt home from Liverpool badly:beaten, as their supperters expected they would be,thev came out of the ordeal victors by seventeen runs. The match was with the Windsor Wesleyan C.O , Liver- pool, and the top scorers for the Wesleyans were Jefferson with 19 runs to his credit, and R. Sudlow contributed eleven, not out. On the other side it would seem that Mr. "Extras" was the top scorer with eleven, followed closely y 11. Jones with t.p. An enjoyable featurs of the match—and perhaps the most enjoyable—was the ex- cellent tea provided by the Windsor Wesleyans for their visitors.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
ROUNDERS.

An interesting game was played between Warrington and Selborne. It resulted in favour of Warrington hy 10 rune, with eight moo to bat. The fielding of the winners was very smart, nine of their opponents being disn issed by catches. For Selborne Vlroosman and Cain batted well for 20 and 18 respectively. After the match the visitors were entertained by the „Warrington Club. Scores :

WARRINGTON.

SELBORXE.

B Hall 8 C Bayles 2

J Phodny 8 T Povall 0 Coates 8 0 Grace 3 3 Travis G Black more 2 W Woosnam 2O 3 Ashton l9 .7 Janes 0 T Gallop J 9 Gallop ........... ....... .. 4 L Dilvies am Orol,ll 1 H Leviek W Butterworth 8 P LPviek 1 B Colley Batr.43. 6 Maras 7

Total 79

Tot al

FOOTBALL.

I am pleased to learn that, the following have already consented to act as patrons of the Warrinzton St. Elphin's Association Football Club : The Lord Bishop of Liverpool, H. Pierpoint, Eq.. M.P., J. C. Parr, IEI., J P., C.C. President: The Rev. F. W. Willis, M.A., vice-presidents : The assistant clergy, Rev. M. :Steven- son, M.A., Rev. E. J. Wil"ox, M.A., Rev. J. H. Milliard, M.A., Alderman Wright, J.P., Captain Taylor, Messrs. J. D. Ruckton, F. M. Appleton, T. Cooke, H. Llwlev, T. Whittle, and A. Woods. Mr. W. Potter has been elected hon. treasurer, and Mr. J. H. Singleton, hon. financial secretary. The following constitute the committee. Rev. T. W. Cook (chairman), Messrs. Hicks, Bates, Colley, Hatton, Scarisbrick, and Chantler.

The hon. Secretary (Mr. W. E. Williams) has arranged an excellent list of fixtures, the club having 34 engage- ments up to March 31st. The April dates have been left open for any competition that may be instituted for the town and district. Amongst the clubs arranged with are Wrexham (Welsh cup holders), Southport Old Boys, Birkdale South End, Bolton, Liverpool hamblers, Manchester Wanderers, Warrington Cricket, Cheshire Magpiea, Liverpool Leeks, Liverpool Dental Hospital, Malting and others. The club has become affiliated with the Football Association and has also entered for the Amateur Challenge Cup, the draw for which has not yet taken place. The ground has also been much improved. Negociations have been entered into with the Preston North End team with a view to induce them to come to Warrington to play an exhibition game.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
SWIMMING.

I hear the Committee of the Warrington Swimming Club are making great efforts in order that the gala to be held at the public baths Wednesday evening may be a success. A good number of entries have already been received including sottie of the best swimmers in the north of England. The principal event of the even- ing will be the semi-final water-polo championship be- tween Laaf-6t. Swimming Club, Manchester, and the Crescent Swimming Club, Liverpool. In addition to the various races there will be a laughable farce, and a "horse" race, each ccinpetitor to wear a suit of clothes and a silk hat. There will also be selections of music by an orchestral band during the intervals, and special ar- rangements have been made whereby the spectators can see the races from every part of the building. The Mayoress is announced to present the prizes at the con- elusion of the programme ; and Mr. Alderman Chandley will be in the chair.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLS.

An in—teresting bowling—m-at-c") to local bowlers was played yerterday afternoon at the Cemetery Inn Bowling tireen. The match was for £2.5. game 101 up. The two contestants were George Ball and James Shaw, of Warrington. Ball proved to be too good for Shaw and came out an easy wither by seventeen points.

PRESENTATION TO MR. E. J. GUEST, T.P.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
R UNCO UN B9ARD OF GUA RDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting was held at Dutton Worklrotree on Tuesday. Mr. J. Mclntyre presided , and there were present the Rev. J. W. N.-Tanner, Rev. Dr. Gaatil-la, Rev. J. Hanby, Mr. P. Speakman, IJ.P.,C.C. (ex-officio) ;3Jesr,,. J. Knowles, S. Taylor, T. fiendley, T. Lee is, C. T. Whitley, S. Yarwood, D. 11. Jones, E. Dratberton, C. W. Davenport, J. Park- inson, Pickering, J. W. IL Jenkins, S. Wood ward, J. Brandreth, J. M. Williams, J. Ashton (clerk), and G. Ashton (deputy Clerk). A PETITION. The Clerk of the Atcliam Urrion forwarded copy of a pet.tiora which lisd been adopted by the Guardians with reference to the Local Government Bill. The petition expresses regret that the general tendrney of the Bill twas to Subordinate Boards of Guardians to more recently created bodies and they are if opinion that the election I in rural districts should be to the,offices of Councillor and Guardian arid that candidate for election to the ”ffice of guardian should be a resident in the parish or Union he sought to represent. The petition further suggests that in view of the abolition of ex-officio mem- bers, provision should be made for the election of alder- men. Objection is taken to the power given to County Councils of fixing or altering the number of guardians, of grouping or dividing parishes into wards, and of dividing the areas, and it was proposed that this should be subject to appeel to the Local Government Board. The arrangement of taking the poll at the election of guardians and district and parish councillors was des- cribed as, if not absolutely impracticable as liable to cause serious inconvenience, and comylications would arise from any attempt to take these polls concurrently. —The petition was laid on the table. PAUPERISH AND EXPENDITURE. The statement- of pauperism and expenditure in Mr. Datisey'a district was submitted. It showed that the arm age of the Runcorn Union was 47,100 adres, popula- tion 41,981, and rateable value £223,692. The number of paupers on January Ist, 1893, was indoor 172, out- door 897; total 869 ; as compared with 162 and 693 On January Ist, 1892. The percentage of pauperism to population was 2.1 as compered with 2.0 the previous year, There was spent during half year ending lady . , day 1893 :—lndoor relief £630, out relief £1.668. total £2,298; in the corresponding half year of 1892, the , figures were: Indoor relief-Z6Ol, out relief £1,612, total £2,213. The cost per head of ponulation was la. lid. The return shower' that the highest cost per head was at Chester, is. 4i., and the lowest Wirrall /IL DESTITUTE SMALLPDX PATIENTS. The Clerk again submitted the account of £B3 rendered by Runcorn Board of Improvement Commissioners for the maintenance of destitute persons in the smallpox hospitals and the burial of destitute persons dying in the hospital.—The committee previously aelected,decided to meet and consider the matter at Runcorn on Tues- day next.

NORTH-WESTERN CONFERENCE. On the proposition of Mr. T. Handley, seconded by Mr. Speakmsn, the chairman and Mr. J. M. Williams were deputed to represent the Board at the North-West- ern Conference, to be held at Lancaster on the 29th and 30th September.

PROVISION FOR LUNATICS. The Clerk stated that steps were being taken to obtain tenders for the construction of a new female casual ward.-41r Spearman suggested that it would be well that the Board should take advantage of this extension of the [louse to make some provision for lunatics. He Was intormed that the Master had brought up a plan for a padded room for lunatics: could not this be incorpo- rated with the plans for these wards? As they were aware, Upton Asylum was overcrowded, and it would be two or three years before the contemplated extension of the asylum could he carried out, and he felt sure there would be a great deal of inconvenience in that time. ' At the present time the Asylum Committee had given notice to Chester City to remove 25 patients, and this would partly keep them right.—lt was decided that the House Committee should consider Mr. Speakman's suggestion.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
F RODS 11AM.

PRESENTATION TO MR. POTTS.—OR Monday evening, a well-attended gathering was held at the Bear's Paw , hotel, Frodsham, at which two handsome presentations were made to Mr.Thomt s Potts, late stationmaster under the Joint Railway Companies at Frodsham, who. had resigned after occutiying the position far upwards of 33 years. When Mr. Potts left the district, several weeks ago, it was determined to recognrze the valuable services he had performed during such a prolonged period. Two subscription lists were opened, one by Mr. James Rey- nolds, J.P., at the establishment of Mr. Dunsford, chemist, by which £l5 15s. were collected and the other was instituted by Mr. William Yond, landlord at the Bear's Paw Hotel. By means of the two lisfs they were able to hand to the recipient a purse containing £40., after meeting all expenses. The railway servant's' at Frodshain also resolved to show their appreciatien of the services of their late master, and they gave so liberally that a handsome marble clock was purchased, upon which was inserted the following inscription : ." Presented to Mr. Thomas Potts, by the staff at Frod- sham Station, on his retiring therefrom, after being stationmaster for upwards of 33 years." The meeting was under the presidency of Mr. Arthur Linaker, and among thole present were representatives of various Penns of the Community, as well as a number of rail- way servants. The Chairman, in presenting the purse, referred to Mr. Potts' devotion to duty during his long servitude, and said be had always dealt honestly and justly with the travelling public. He had numerous well wishers in Frodsham who desired that he might en- joy his well earned retirement. Mr. Lambert, the pre- sent stationmaster, then presented the timepiece, re- marking that Mr. Potts left with the good wishes of all the servants who had been under him. Mr. Potts suit- ably acknowledged the gifts. Brief speeches were made by it number of gentlemen piesent, and the health of the Chairmen, Mr. Lambert and Mr. Yond were heartily drank.

THE PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE AND THE WATER

SUPPLY.

Meetings of the Frodsham and Frodsha n Lordship ^,omtnitlees were held on last evening week, Mr. A. Thomas, J.P., presiding. Plans of proposed alterations and additions to a farmhouse at Netherton, occupied by Mrs. Challinor, and prepared by Messrs. H. Linalcer and Son, architects, Frodsham, were produced, and on ex- amination found to be correct and wile approved. An account was submilted from Mr. Littler tor repairs to the sewers for £l2 3s. 84-1., which was passed for p:iy- ment.—The Clerk (Col. Ashton) reported receipt of a letter from the Local G.vernment Board from which it appeared "That the Board had learned from the report of the inspector who held the inquiry that attention had been drawn to the fact that Frodshatn was within the limits of the supply of the Frodsham Gas and Water Company, as defined by Section 4 of the Frodsham Gas and Water Act, 1838 ; and, on the information at pre- sent before the Board, it appeared that the restrictions of section 52 of the Public Health Ad, 1875, would apply to prevent the Rural Sanitary Authority from carrying out the proposed works if and so long as the compiny ' are, able and willing to furnish a sufficient supply. The I Board, therefore, suggested that the Authority should endeavour to obtain from the company a distinct state- ment that they are not able and willing to supply the township, or that they would cansent to the Authority carrying out the work. The Clerk, reported that since the receipt of the letter he had given full information to the Board on the point raised, and had stated that the Gas and Water Company were not in a position to pro- vide a supply of water for Frodsham. After some dis- cussion it was decided to await the result of Colonel Ashton's reply to the Board. The Inspector of Nui,ances called the attention of the committee to the drainage connection of certain new houses in Church-street. Frodsham, which had not been carried out in accord- ance with the plans submitted and approved, when it was resolved that the committee insist upon the carrying out of the work as per the plans approved.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
TERRIBLE FIGHT BETWEEN WOUFIN AT WIDNES.

Ou Monday, at the Widnes Police Court, before Mr. T. B. Timmis and Mr. H. W. Deacon, Mary Ann Tahiti, a younc, married woman, was brought up on remand charged with unlawfully wounding a woman named Ann Goulding, of 4,ltlizabetlest., with whom sheloclged. The prosecutrix said about ten o'clock on Saturday night, the 12th inst ,she had some words with the r risoner with regard to some purchases the latter had made. Prisoner seized hold of her hair, and she took hold of the prisoner's hair. The prisoner then struck her on the head with something, and knocked her insensible.— Michael Tobin, labourer, 20, George-st., said he was the prisoner's brother-in-law. He went into her house when the two women were quarrelling about money matters, Prosecntrix threw the prisoner's shawl up the chimney. and then they began to fight. Prosecutrix struck the prisoner with a can, and they fought in the kitchen, in the front room, and irt the bedroom upstairs.. They had a great fight upstairs, apd the prisoner came running clown pursued by the prosecutrix, who had a poker in her hand. Prisoner took off her clog to ward off the blows aimed at her by the prosecutrix. Afterwards he found the prosecutrix lying on the floor with a wound on her forehead. The wound must have been done upstairs. He never saw a hatchet used.—Dr. O'Keeffe stated that when the prosecutrix came to his surgery she was suffer- ing from two contused wounds on the forehead and from loss of blood. The wounds might have been done by some such instrument as the hatchet produced. The woman had been in a dangerous state.—Police-constable Jennings deposed to apprehending the woman and charg- ing her with wounding Mrs. Goulding with a hatchet and a clog. She replied, "It iA nothing of the sort. It is her that should be here and not me. She thumped me all over."—The prisoner was committed for trial at the sessions.

Mrs. Frank Leslie denies all reports of her being but to re-enter the married state. "If an angel from heaven were to come down on earth to ask me to marry him," said the irate lady. "I should refuse." Mrs. Langtry still takes a great interest in horse- racing. Her colours are fawn and blue, and her first success was the winning by her colt Milford of the Two-Year-Old Plate at Kempton Park—a victory worth about £2,400.

RUNCORN. _RURAL SANITARY

AUTHORITY.

The fortnightly meeting was held at Dutton Workhouse, on Tuesday. Mr. J. Mclntyre pre- sided, and there were present- the Rev. J. Hanby, Mews. T. Lewis, S. Woodward, J. W. H. Jenkins, J. M. Williams, J. Brandreth, C. T. Whitley, J. Parkinson, J. Knowles, E. Bratberton, C. W. Daven- port, Pickering, J. Ashton (clerk), G. Ashton (deputy clerk), and J. Farrington (nuisance in- spector.)

FEVER IN THE DISTRICT. The medical officer (Dr. Adfuns), reported that three cases of scarlet fever had occurred at Bob's Bridge, Moore. The source of infection was not traced. Three eases of typhoid fever had occurred at Chapel-lane, Szockton Heath. The sanitary arrangements were dis- graceful and called for immediate action of the Inspec- tor; the drains were situated inside the house and the privy contents leaked into the kitchen and could be de- tected inside. A case of scarlet fever had occurred at Heath-road, Weston, infection was attributed VI Run- corn. Three cases of scarlet fever at The Quarry Top. Hill Cliff, Appleton, and two more cases had occurred at Primrose Hill, Stretton. The 'infection was attributed in both cases to Stratton School and must be regarded as being descended from the Whitley outbreak. A case of " suppressed" scarlet fever had occurred at Seven Oaks. The source of infection was not ascertained. He had that morning beard there was another case at Antrobus. He had assisted all these cases and Issue 4 the customary precautiens.—lnspector Farrington said the case at Stockton Heath had already received his at- tention.

NNW HOLMES AT HALTON. A certificate of occupation was granted to Mr. Thos. Goulden, for four new houses erected by him in Halton- 140e, Halton.

• WATTER ANALYSTS. A certificate of analysis of water recently used at farm premises at Weston, in which it was stated that the water was very hard, but the organic matter was not very high, it might be used for a cottage supply. HALTON SEWNR. The Inspector applied for, arid obtained an order to make a arr.ali improvement to the sewer at Halton and for the cleansing of the manholes to the same. •

PROPOSED BUILDING AT FRODSEAM. Plans or new houses in Main-st., Frodsham, were submitted and approved.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
-

SPEECiiES ON THE TEMPERANCE CAUSE.

On Thursday afternoon, Mr. E. J. Guest, J.P.,was presented with a handsome silver salver and a pair of silver candlestioka, whicii had been subscribed for by friends of the Cause of temperance in War- rington. The candlesticks are of solid silver in a chaste design of the Queen Anne period, richly em- bossed and standing eleven inches high. The salver is fourteen inches in diameter, and richly embossed and engraved, and bears the following inscription: "Presented to Edward JimesQuest,B.A.,J.P.,Esq.by members of the Warrington Temperance Federation and other friends in token of their personal regard and in admiration of his manly fidelity to tem- perance principles and policy," The presentation took place at the Ilarseinarket-street Cocoa Rooms, and was made, on behalf of the subscribers, by .Mr. A. 11. Crostield. In the early part of the meeting , tile Rev. J. Eirtlan presided, but later on the presi- dent of the Temperance Federation, the Rev. J. Youge, took tho chair. Amongst others present were lhe Rev. J. W. Varley, Councillor H. Fleming, J P., Count:tiler ll. Roberts, J.P.. Dr. Gomel!, J. P., Mr. J. Hayward, J.P. Messrs.. W. Roberts, J. Gaudy, B. B. St ringer, J. B. issac, R. Storey, J. O. Drury, J. Rigby, T. Dale and J. Caldecott. Mr. W. Roberts read letters of apology for non-attendance from Miss Bessie Dutton, the Rev. G. T. Reed, Mr. Taylor (Police Court Missionary), and Mr. T.

The Rev. J. Kiarees then remarked that he supposed they were all quite aware of the circumstances which led up to that presentation as they had been made very public during the last few months. He then referred to the action which was recently taken against Mr. Guest by Messrs. Greenell, Whitley and Co. Lie added that Mr. Guest would now know that he had the sympathy of all those associated with the Temperance Federation and of other krieeds who were outside it, but who looked on with sympathy at the efforts of those who are endeev- outing, by speech and by act, to stem the tide of drunk• enness that floated over the town and neighbourhood. (Hear, hear.) The event he had referred to formed the occasion for bearing their testimony to the meral worth and to the Christian courage of their friend Mr. Guest, although the presentation was not made simply becau to of what had transpired in the law court. (Hear, hear and applause.) Mr. A. H. Cacisrexte, who was received with applause said : I heartily echo on my own account, and, I am sure ' I may say on behalf of the others present, the remarks of the Chairman as to the unmixed pleasure it gives us to be a ale to bear testimony to the respect and regard which we entertain for Mr. Guest. (Hear, hear.) If in my own case there is any opposite feeling it will be becaese I am not quite the most suitable person to have the honour of presenting this handsome testimeniel. I pretty broadly hinted as much to Mr. Roberts but the hint was not taken, and, personally I am very glad to participate in this function, although in looking round I see gentlemen who are better qualified because of their emphasized opinion, and in view of the fact that they have taken an energetic and official part, to which I can not lay claim, in furtherance of that very great cause. He did not think there is much danger of their over- estimating the importance of the temperance cause. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Morley made a remark the other day, which coining from him was worth, and he trusted would receive attention from cautious and impartial men all over the country. For all his philosophy, Mr. Morley was not wanting in- enthusiasm, and had, he dare say, upon occasion felt carried away by it intothe regions of rhetoric exaggeration. But he was sure Mr. Idor'ey was in seber earnest when he said that the temperance cause was by far the greatest in modern times since the days of the antieilevery agitation. (Hear, hear.) In saying this I well believe that Mr. Morley had in his mind not merely, perhaps, not even chiefly the necessity for legislation to assist us in checking the evil of the excess- ive sale of drink, but the immense moral force and good influesice, which the great temperance party must have throughout the country. He has been called a doctrinaire with his head in the clouds. This la exactly what he is not. Your individualikt of the stern and unbending school objects to any interference with the free inter- change of commodities and refuses to and regards liquor 4.3 in a different class to ordinary commodities. I say therefere that Mr. Morley'e views on the Temperance queation are an instance of hi a admirable freedom from there deggediem. Take another example- There arose queetion Nettie time eince of free dinners in times of li:etrcse pv half aerved school children. It was not orWard by an/ izlitician bidding for notoriety brouliit ! or popularity. n NI% .70",ight -ward by the teachers themselves who simply feund their tve..' unendurable while-the children were unfed, and we know ,t,.11;11.• the system of ft dinners, scanty enough I have no doubt, I but still sufficient to fill the vacuum that natur& abhcrs, where carried out in Birmingham and in London. Well, no one I believe would have a greater abhorrence for legislation and administiatioa which, taken as a whole, weld tend to gratitously weaken the moral fibre of men. I dare say Mr. Mer/ey had some inisgivices even in gee Tatter of relieving, in this way, parents o: their rerpeT,is*itity. No doebt he is alive to every objeetion er the iiiad thlt, earl be.raised by the pure individualist _

- referr . to, We may be very sure schvol I have -••-es that can be rained, and he sees the object ii.e._ and properly raised, to anything C.a.rajtla Indiscriminate extension of the priOnne, Si as one of the pioneers in the old cla%d free education, he also appreciates the whole diffeeenee in principle and practice, of the treatment of childree and adults. (Hear, hear.) I only give this as an ex- ample of a wise man, not hide bound by theories of the study, but with a practical • and sympathetic eye for facts, and I maintain that when the temperance party as a whole has the support of a man fike that, who will patiently sift his facie and strain to hit the happy medium, that is a feat her in Our cape, NOW I Will Ven- ture to put it to the more extreme Members of the tem- perance party in this room as to whether they are striving to hit this happy:medium. Supposingwe can get he bulk of the people to support us in a sweeping re- duction of public houses, unaccompanied by any con- cession to the inordinate and extra-legal demands for compensation for extinction of licenses ; conditionally we aeree on fair notice of say 5 years to the owners, hut subject to no compensation beyond that to the working publican, which I think ought to be given, as proposed by Mr. Labouchere.---fluptaosing you have a good pros- pect of carrying people with you on these linen, is it judicious to alienate them by an extreme policy ? We all know the late Bishop of re•erborough's remark that he would rather see England free than sober. The compktison is unfortunate, for drunkards are slaves as much as any peeler., but there is a grain and a very large grain of truth in the remark, and lam hound honesty to say that / dila the atiein et to shut up the whole lot of public houses is an extreme and improper interference with private liberty. I hope I may say so without , striking any note of discord which I sheilid be Sorry to de so on an occasion like this. We ought to be ar.le to dismiss our differences as to method and degree without any unpleasant friction. (Rear, hear, and applause.) Of course the answer is that the majority proposed under the Veto Bill is a large one, hilt eveni so, and considering how it may be obtained, I still think we slicu!d be on the wrong tack, and that mending the sys'ern in the fullest sense of the word is preferable to ending it. As !have said more than once, I believe that extreme measures will damage rather than help the temperance cause, and that in more ways than one. Of course a great deal more may be said on the matter, hut I feel my remarks are a little out of place, and I will not pursue them further. As John Bright used to say in those questions of reform, there must be same- thing of give and take. The men in front must moder- ate their enthusiastic ardour for too sweeping measures while those behind must hurry up so that the main body of the centre can march with the same irresistible sweep as of old. .(Apolause ) I believe then we shall find a swiss operand,: I believe that the cause of temperance will advance to successful practical work in the future. And I take it that we are making this presentation, not merely or chiefly as en expression af sympathy with Mr. Guest for a mistake which any of us might easily have made, but rather as a proof of the confi- dence with which we shall accept him when tho time comes. (Hear, hear.) lam anxious to avoid saying anything fulsome, but that which I can affirm on my own account, as run yours, for though I have not had the pleasure aed honour of meeting him very many times he is one of those men whose transparent hon- esty of purpose, and sincerity, if I may say it to his face, impresses one at once, and therefore it is that I know we are 'out paving honour where honour is due in presenting a testimonial, as I have now the honour to do, in your name to him. (Ap- plause.) Short speeches were then made by others present. The Rev. J. YONGE said that those others who had known Mr. Guest for a number of years had watched. hie career with very great interest and satiefactieni They had always found him true and thoroughly loya and staunch, and so far as his opportunities and engage- ments would always be willing to render valuable ser- vices to the various interests which he and those present In common had at heart. (Hear, hear and applause.) Councillor H. ROBERTS referring to one or two. remarks in Mr. Crosfield's able and eloquent speech,said that the present programme of the temperance party as adopted by the Liberal party included the prieciple of local option. That principle did not by any means amount to what Mr. Crossfield had said with regard to the total abolition af licensed property. (Hear, hear.) Referring to Mr. Guest he said they had in bim at any rate one man in Warrington who was prepar id to make considerable sacrifices for what he believed to be truth. (Applause.) Coiincillor FLEMING, after referring to what had taken place at the licensing sessions that day said it afforded him much pleasure to take part in that testimonial to Mr. Guest. (Applause.) Mr. J. FIAYWARD expressed his esteem for Mr. Guest. and alluded to the great services that gentleman had rendered to the cause of education in connection with his own denomination.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER sATITEDASI, AUGUsT 26, 1893. • WARRINGTON SLAUGUTER I HOUSES.

r Mr. W. ROBERTS said they had not made a single per- sonal application for a subscription, and the committee in charge of the presentation tied actually received more money than they had set their hearts upon securing. (Applause.) Mr. J. GANDY said that during all the time he had known him Mr. Guest hen alway been on the side of temperance and his voice continually heard in all matters affecting Vie public good in Warrington. (Hear, bear.) Mr. CALDECOTT and Mr. R. STONEY, as representing the Gospel Temperance Mission, also spoke in praise ot Mr. Guest's services to the cause of temperance. Mr. GUEST, who met with a most cordial reception aid,—Mr. Chairman and friends—l thank you very heartily for your kindness in being present here, to-day, -and I must say that I am very grateful to Mr. Kistlan, Mr Yenge, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Ccosfield, and to our f fiends of the Workingmen's Gospel Temperance Society; for the very kind—too kind—things that have been said Of me to-day. It is so difficult to find lanetiage to convey aright the feelings that possess me, difficult to express , the thanks due to you all for the kindness you have shown to Me, difficult to speak on the subject which has evoked this sympathy on your part. This manifestation of your approval of my conduct is more than I had any right to expect. I shall always value the testimonial you hive given me, net merely for its intrinsic worth, al- though this is not small, but as a memorial of this day when so many of you, whose good opinion I value far above silver, have thus met to declare your good will. ' In resisting an attempt, as it seems to me to coerce me, I hail at heart the honour of the temperance party of this ' town of which I felt that I was a representative. To have lowered the standard would not ordy have been undignified on my part, but would as I thought have lessened my influence as an advocate of social reform. (Hear, hear.) To say all that I might about the action taken by Messrs. Greenal!. Whitley and Co. would possibly seem vindictive. This is unnecessary and would be unwise. They did what I , suppose they deemed right in their own defence, but a less drastic remedy was in their power, and it appears to me that it would have been wiser on their part tn lieve used it. Indeed two courses were open to them, eaCh of which would have served their purposes better than the one they adopted. 1. It was open to them to have corrected the technical mistake I made,by publish- " ing a refutation in all the Warrington papers. This eer- ternly would have set them right in the eves of the public On this score. 2. Or they might have accepted the apology made on my behalf by my solicitors, Mossra. Percy Davies and Forshavr. This apology they had my full consent to publish : or I would willingly have pub- lished it myself. But they passed these courses by and chose to proceed to law. This appeal to a court cf jus- tice indicated that the grievance they had was deeper than any caused by the words I used OD the 21st March. (Hear, hear.) My words would probably have been passed over is dignified silence, had they not been pre- ceded by words from a higher authority than myself. (Hoar, hear.) It was a hazardous game they played. and pcesibly the verdict would have been different, had thee Ism been more fully discussed in the court, and the jury been appealed to. (Hear, hear.) But let that pass. A great tight is before us. Right, purity, and the well losing of society are on our side. (Hear, hear.) All the weight of evidence is with us, and we need only be strong and of, good courage, and we shall ultimately triumph. (Applause.) The facts are patent to all, and he that runs may read. Poverty, disease and shame follow in the track of this great monopoly. (Hearelear ) Prisons, workhouses, hospitals and asylums are sup- ported largely to check the evils that result from it. All good work is hindered. Far too 'arge a proportion of the hard earned wages or the British workman is worse than wasted on strong drink and fails to find its way into legitimate channels. The licensees of public-houses are in the majority of instances mere representatives of the brewer to be ejected by him when it serves his purposes to turn them adrift. If I had my way no one should hold more than one license either directly er indirectly. (Hear, hear.) Every licensee &mulct be solely and absolutely responsible for the house licensed. In this way I believe the publia would be better served, and the publican having more at stake, would be more , careful of the character of his customers and the reputation of his tmuie. (Elear,hear.) These are questions, and others of a like nature, which will have to he decided by public opinion. To some extent they have already been discussed, and the tide is turning against the traffic as now conducted. But we cannot hope for any great reform until the public have not only the power to discuss these matters, but power( also to decide how many licenses shall be granted, and to whom. When this power is given it will be the duty of the temperegge patty to educate public opinion with greater eareeeteess and zeel than they have ever done in the past. But to return to the more personal matter which has brought us together to-day. I must admit I have been a little disturbed and serfiewliat confused by the opinions of these who, whilst professing tote op- posed to the trade, yet think I might have set,led this , controversy out of court. Some go even se far as to !liink that I should for the sakeeff peace have appended —at herrn to a written apoloey. Gentlemen, I may 8.137 oned do not rezrrt having refused to fellow such Ovice. (Hear, heir.) In conclusion, I bee to thank you heartily for the way in which you have rallied round me, and I trust the future will show that the cause which we have at. heart, will be advanced by the course which I have thought fit to pursue, and of which by your presence here to- day and by the handsome testimonial you have given me, you show that you approve. My only regret is that words fail me to express more suitably the thanks I feel for this expression of your great kindness. (Loud applause.) A vote of thanks was passed to the Rev. J. Vonge for pres!Oing, oil the motiN ig Mr, gnest, seconded toy Mr. Drury. The proceedings then terminated.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND THE COAL STRIKE.

SERIOUS OUTLOOK.

Poring the week large numbers of 'workmen have teen Eiuntering about the streets of the town, the result of the loarall24Lion of dome of the local indus- tries by the coal strike. Tradesmen in the town, more especially the smaller tradesmen, are feeling the effects of the strike. Many of the men out of employment are not those who " have saved for a rainy day," and thus many of the small shops have to supply the men's wives and families in food in the hope of receiving pay when work is better. The Dallam and Bewsey forges have during the week been at a standstill, which to a stranger was soon apparent, by the tall chimneys at these forges ceas- ing to emit their dense volumes of smoke. The result has been that over a thousand employes have been "playing," but on enquiry yesterday afternoon an "Examiner" representative ascertained that the whole of the workmen will re-commence work on Monday and continue during the week, but it is not quite certain whether they will be working the fol- lowing week. Whilst the works have been stopped a number of men have been employed repairing the machinery and straightening up. AL the Whitez;ross Wire and Iron Works the strike has caused a stoppage in the forges and roll- ing mills during the last week, which has thrown over 200 men out of employment,and in all liklihood they will be out of work daring the whole of next week. The wire mills have not yet been stopped and will continue work for three days next week. At the works of Messrs. Monks Hall and Company the situation is even worse. About two-thirds of the men have been stopped this week, but next week both mills and forges will le closed altogether. This is wholly on account of lack of fuel, as we understand there are plenty of orders in. It is not considered likely that any more " puddling" will be , done until the miners commence work, as the coal stock is very limited.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEKLY REPORT OF THE HEALTiI OF WARRINGTON.

During the week, which was the 33rd of the current year, the following births and deaths were registered :—Birtha : Warrington, 57 ; Latchford, 2; total. 59. Deaths: Warrington, 25; Latchford, 1, total 26. The excess of births over deaths was 33. The death-rate from all causes was equal to 245 per 1,000, against 336 the average of the previous four weeks, and against 25.9 the corresponding week of last year. The death-rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to 9.4 per 1.000, against 18•8. the average rate of the four previous weelmand against F 8 the corresponding week of 1893. The ages of mortality were :—Warrington : oto 1, 9 ; 1 to 5. 7; .5 to 15. 1 ; 15 to 25, 1 ;25 to GO, 3: 60 up 4-1 ; total, 25 1-26. The deaths included-10 from diarrhcea ; 2 from phthisis ; 1 from cancer; 1 from old age ; 3 from lung disease; 2 from brain disease; 1 from teart disease. The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during the week :—Scarlet fever,lo ; enteric 1. Meteorolog3.— The mean temperature was 68'4 Fah. and therefore 87. deg.higher than the preceding week. The maxi- mum temperature 86 F., was recorded on the 16th inst., and the mi.nimum temperature 51 F., on the 13th inst. The rainfall measured .06 in. The general direction was E., the reading of the Anemometer denoting 675 miles.—JoliN H. CORD/ALL, Medical Officer of Health.

An Imperial edict has just ben issu,d in Japan. for- bidding the employment of wernen as edit( r, and jour- nalists, work of this sort being, it app .era, considered neither suitable nor desirable for the fe Dale SPX..

A telegram from Memphis Tennesse, states that Charles Tart, a negro farm labourer, who relently mur- dered his employer, was on Sunday bre bly taken from a train by a mob, who afterwards pia( ed him against a tree, and riddled him with shots from rile., and re- volvers.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
AN INSPECTION. AND EXPEItIENMa.

(BY -CLito.")

I having made myself familiar with the Acts of ' Parliament and Corporation Byelaw') whim) had direct reference to the management of the slaughter houses! felt that nothing less than a peraunal in- spection of these premises woul satisfy me for the object I had in view. Accordingly; on one of the liottekt days of this hot summer. accompanied by an experieuced friend 1 undertook and carried out this unpleasant duty. Ido not intend to 6inlle out particu.ar.caties' although that cunt(' be done with very great ease. It bi sufficient to say that in general the premises, especially the larger of them, are well attended to and so far as their present sit uation, structure, and sibs Permit of it are made use of to the beat advantage. Their situation, however, tells sadly against them, their structure is very far from conforming to modern requirements and the size of the sheds in which the slaughtering and dressing is done, is, in the majority of cases lamentably, small. As these defects are totally irreconcilable to the health or comfort of the neighbourhood, and as they tend to create an additional risk of danger to those employed in' these premises, thes alone would justify the removal of these houses. The slaughter houses were vi.ited when killing was going on, and thus a better opportunity was afforded of testing the adaptability or otherwise of the premises to the. purposes fey which they are used. Being of vital importance attention was first directed to the methods employed for the re- moval of the offal and other objectionable matter in- s.perable from the business. Byelaw 12 says: "all offal and garbage to be put into covered tubs and removed twice a week from Ist May to Ist October and once a week from let Oct)ber to Ist May. The -bleed to be put into casks and carried away from the slaughter house without delay and not permit- ted to flow into any etleet or sewer," Thee,' gar- sage tubs are allowed to stand some little distance from the killing house, hut while killing and dress- ing is going on the substance which cannot be car- ried away or which does not flow into the blood drain is simply brushed into the Corners until the day's operations are completed. Were the garbage tubs to remain on the premises a longer time than the byelaw specifies the whole place would be in- sufferable and on this account as well as on account of the weekly casual visit of the Inspectors these tubs will doubtless be iemoved with regularity, but even while they remain there they must be more or less clinoxious and a source of danger at least in the cases of those slaughter-house men who reside with- in the premises, and whose dwelling-houses come to within a few ards of the killing-house door. As much as possible of the blood is caught in a small hand-dish and emptied into a bucket as it flows from the beast much after the manner of sacrifices of old but a much larger quantity flows into the gutter and is thereby conveyed to a closed drain a foot or two from the door, from which drain it is taken up by cans and placed in a tank to be removed as the byelaw very comprehensively says "without delay." Sheep are slaughteted mostly in the open yard of the premises and their blood flows direct into Ilia drain. There are one or two exceptions to the drainage scheme, the method employed being to strew the floor with sawdust and allow the blood &c.. to mingle with it so that it can he Shovelled away. An instance of this kind was seen after the day's operations had been corn-- pleted but it did not compare at all favourably with those houses where the drain system was carried out and which were left in a very clean condition indeed, however great the care with which either of these systems is carried on, the present arrange- inent cannot fail to have an unnecessary amount of risk to the health of the locality, and where any laxity occurs such risk becomes a positive danger of no small extent. That such a laxity does at Limes occur is arn?ly testified by the following report of one of the Inspectors in the spring of t his, year on one of the smaller houses : " Dirty walla, and ceilings, foul an I defective floor." 'This house was visited along with the others and corroboration of the Inspectors remarks was to be had in *lnd- anca,

The offal and garbage. &c.. is not the only danger- one element appertaining to the business ; there are the stalls and there is the manure, for it must not be lost sight of that the slaughter houses are mostly in densely populated localities. Few of the stalls can be clasaed as good.: some may be classed as pretty fair, but others of them are simply shocking. Law roofed, clartri ill-ventilated, small and dirty, are about the mileest termi which can be applied to them. Byelaw 14 says, "All manure. to •be removed once a week in summer and once a fort- night in winter." I had no need to ask whether or not a dangerous nuisance attended the accumula- tion and removal of the manure: my own personal experience of it had been so keen, so real, that I would vouch for it against a thousand gainsayers. It was my misfortune some years ago when coming to reside in Wart ingten to occupy a house which adjoined a large pig slaughter-house.. I did not know at. first what business was carried on in the nv.sterious looking shed. but I was very soon made' were of it. The bedroom window came to within '1 yard or two of the slat4tter-lio, and morning after morning, instead of the crowing of the cock being our knocker-up, it was the shrieking of the pigs while they were going through the first pro- cess of being transformed into pork. A second snoose with this ringing in my ears was impossible. It had to be borne, and She only approach to appre- ciation which I experienced was the gruesome one of noting the difference and duration of their very unmusical notes, from the ifirst piercing shriek of pain to the last fa;nt dying gurgle. This was a " erying" nuisance certainly, but it was one which affected the senses without materially affecting the health. But the day of days was the day on which. the •nanure was cleaned out. It was dreadful. Talk abnut Langford ? why we had Longford and a knacker's yard rolled into one, and rendered in a double dose, because felt first thing it. the morning. There was little breakfast. and much headache these mornings. I shall not protract the description. Any- one who MAIO Organs are in a normal state of activity can easily satiate their imaiination with it. To MA who had hitherto lived in towna,hoth large and small, where private slaughter-houses did not exiat,as corporation abattoirs were found much more serviceable bo.l to butcher and public it seemed as if .1 were being specially victimisd in having Another pig slaughter house forming the rear por- tion of the lock-up business premises which I occu pied in one of the principal streets whereathe same ,! experiences were encountered though on a smaller scale. The latter alaughter-house is now discon- r.tinned it had been licensed in some apparently 1 round about way but I understand that pigs are Still kept there. Needless to say I cleared out of that otherwise desirable dwelling-house as soon AR possible. This was in no crowded district, therefore my experience must have been even less painful than those who have equally objectionable neighbours, but have not the luxury of a green field at. their front door. It is as unpleasant read- ing as it is unpleasant writing such experiences, and it is only because serious abuses require serious and drastic measures that I have, divulged them. Another aspect of danger which had not occurred to me as very probably it. had not occurred to one in a thousand, made itself cpParent to me in course of my round of inspection. I have already said that most of the killing sheds are small. I should also say their entrances are narrow. These defects and the absence of the conveniences which an abattoir erected on modern principles would sup- ply, subject the workmen to unnecesstry danger at their at all times dangerous . calling. The beasts have a forewarning of what is in store for them as they enter the fatal doorway and many of them are maddened at the eight of the blood which meets their terror-stricken gaze. Their struggles of resis- tance era often powerfnl and prolonged, and as one man said they have many times had him up in a corner and placed him in imminent peril of being pinned by their horns. In at least one other case a workman said it would be far better to have a proper abattoir such as they had at Birkenhead or atanchester, though of course on a smaller scale. These remarks were purely voluntary, as I had not in the least indicated the Object of my visit nor had 1 gone there with the desire of obtaining any sen- sational items of description. Before referring to the more •important question of having one corporation establishment in place of the many private establishments at present. in use, and thus of having a constant supervision over the , local meat supply I should say that in those places I which I visited and inspected Minutely every facility was afforded me for so doing.

Mrs. Rosenburg Is one of the most remarkable women in the United States Treasury Department. Her work is to identify the frag"ruts of burned paper money sent in for redemption. S e was recently sent to New Or- leans to examine the charred notes which remained after a fire at the Mint.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. MARY'S R C SCHOOL NEWTON-

LE-WILLOWS.

• The following is a verbatim copy of the Inspec- tor's report of the above school : MIXED Scifoor..—" The children are in admirable order, and do their work neatly, accurately and intelligtintly. Spelling is remarkably good throughout, and compoii- tion well expressed and punctuated. The only point in the elementary wtork calling for a little more attention is mfmtal arithmatic, which is not quite so ready in the upper as in the lower standards. Grammar is good, especially in the second and third stanaards, and geography excellent in all classes." INFANT'S Senoor..—" The infants are taught and dis- ciplined with care and skill. They are very well grounded in the elementary subjects, and show intelli- gent interest in their object lessons, and occupations." The highest grants, vz. 203. 61. on the average at- tendance of boys; 21s. 6J. on that of girls, and 17.. 6d. on that of infants have been earned. . . _

We may add that the infants' school has always ob- tained the highest grants ever since it has been awarded.

The mixed school is under the care of Miss Cockram, and the infant school under Miss Toole.

A new and commodious " Baby-room " has lately been Added to the infant department, which, owing to the raridly increasing number of. children was greatly needed, and is already praying most beneficial.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
WARG RAVE CHURCH, EARLESTOWN.

• The annual thanksgiving services for the ingathering of the harvest, were commenced on Thursday evening in the abo' e church. :The sacred edifice has been very tastefully adorned with fruit, vegetables and flowers, a good supply of cereals being also dispersed in various parts of the church. At the entrance to the chancel, is a neatly designed screen •of evergreens, flowers, and fruit, .while at the foot were miniature stacks cf hay. and straw. The choir stalls, pulpit and font were a'so neatly decorated, and the win- dow recesses were also well laden with fruit and veget- ables. Con'ributions of frnit, vegetables and flowers, were received from the Rectory, Mrs. Gillespie, Mr. Collingwood, Mr. J. Warburton, Dalian, Mr. Owbridge and others. The decorations were carded out by Mrs. and the Misses Carson, Mrs. Collingwood, Miss That'll). ! son, Misses Molyneux, Miss Appleton, MiS3 A. aad K. , Corlett, Miss Edwards, Misses Laathwaite, Miss Jackson, i Mr. R. and J. Carson, Mr. R. Chandlcy, Mr. Newton. Mr. Joseph, &c. There was a good congregation on Thursday night and the service was conducted by the Rev. J. Carson, the pulpit being occupied by the Rev; C. M. Woosnam, Sailor's Chaplain, Li verp The anthem t 1 Fear not, 0 land," was tastefully sung by the choir, Mr. C. Lea taking the open- ing bass Inlo, and Miss Kean the treble solo. The Rev. C. M. Wonsnam preached from the 38th verse of the 4th chapter of St. John. Our Lord, he saicl,could enter into the fannsr's life ; He entered into the harvest. mans work, and He seemed to understand exactly what it was, after the hard toil and preparing the ground, sowing the seed ,and then pallently waiting for the har- vest, their jay and rejoicing in the ingathering of the harvest, and He taught lesson, from that. There could , . he no greater jay than came to any community than see- • ing the result of real good sowing. He was there that night on the kind invitation of their Rector, to speak • ! upon a part cf those fiehis. Ile had come to speak of that part of God's busbamiry which he believed in his own mind was white already with the harvest. He was there to speak of a part of the community which he be- . lieved were simply waiting for God's blessing to be car- ried to them. First, because he knew of no class of men with a deeper reverence to God than our seamen. Those men who go down to the sea in ships,and see the works of the Lord. There was a deeper reverence in a sea- man's character to God than they would find in any • ordinary artisan. Some might say there was a suscep- tibility in their character easily led. Yes, suseeptiWe to influence, because of their love of adventure. He proceeded to give some illustrations bearing on the life of a seaman ashiire, and alluded to the temptations to which they were beset. The Mission Church and Insti- tutes were established and supported for the welfare of the seamen, and he appealed for their support towards the good work which was being accomplished. The col- : !cations amounted to £3 1.25,-'9(.1.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
A GANG OF DOG FIGIITEPS AT WIDNES.

' Before Mr. J. Brock and Mr. H. Wade-Deacon, at Widnes Petty Sessions, John McCabe, well known to the police, was charged on two informations with cruelty ill-treating a dog on Sunday afternoon, the 2ed ult.— Inspector Dowty prosecuted on behalf of the R.S.P.C.A. The evidence showed that the defendant on two occa- Slims set his dog upon two other dogs belonging to men named Handley and Thompson. Roth the animals were severely injure, and the one bzlonging to Thompson : could hardly crawl. Their heads and legs were badly wounded, and their ears split. Inspector Dowty said the dog was known as a fighting dog, kept by a gam; of dog fighters, and he informed the bench that the wit- nesses were so afraid of this gang that their evidence that day was different to what they had told him privately —The defendant, who had heel; convicted of diflerent offences on twenty-one occasions was fined 10,3. and costs, 195., or in default a month's imprisonment.— ' Peter McCabe, a brother, was summoned for. a like offence, and was fined 103. and costs 15s. 61., or 21 diva in defoult.

The Lady Mayoress of York is the only Lady Mayoress in the kingdom who wears an official chain. It is computed that there are now living in Germany no fewer than 639,987 persons named Mt:tiler. Prince Alexander of Prussia, whose age is 73, is re- ported to have married a young actress at Munich. Mdme Marechesi is the most successful singing mit; tress in the world. She turns out ten or twelveiprime donne every season. Mrs. Rowlands, the wife of the member for East Fins- bury has been installed as Chief Ranger of the Victoria Lodge of the Order of Foresters. Mr. J. M. Barrie in statue is boyishly slight and small. He looks delicate, and in his quiet face there is the ower and spirituality manifest in his work. Mrs. Florence Kelly Wischnewetzky, daughter of Judge W. D. Kelly and well-known in New York, has been appointed a labour inspector of Illinois. Count Leo Tolstoi is at work on a new sensational novel, the theme Of which is the recent famine in Russia. The agrarian question also is given general prominence. Maarten Maartens, the Dutch novelist, is a tall, hand- some well set-up man, with a clear, wholesome com- plexion, a slight imperial, regular features, and a frank and cordial gaze. The Sultan of Johlre, who is now visiting the World's Fair, besides having a magnificent collection of diamonds, is remarkable as one of the best billiard players in the East. The Duchess of Edinburgh is one of the most widely- read women among all the regal circles of Europe. Sh, is also a gifted niusician and a thoughtful student of thel history and politics of the day. The Maharajah of Johore is fond of precious stones. and every button on his uniform contains a diamond of great value. Re is the possessor of a beautiful sword presented to him by Queen Victoria. Few ix.rsons would guess that the handsome Lady Randolph Churchill possesses a son aged 18. Mr Winston Leonard Spencer Churchill has just passed fourth on the list of successes for the Royal Military Col- lege examination.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
LATEST NE WS.

TRE COAL TRADE Cld'olS.

TF3E STRIKE SPREADING IN DURUADI. The result of the Lallot at three large collieries 11; announced yesterday, and shows 817 votes for a str? and 376 against. It is expec,eci that the eastern dO lion of the county will poll in favour of the strike.-' that the western collieries will be large'y in favoist, remaining at work. At Tursdßle Colliery the tnen, refused to vote becatuo of the action of the fede' In expelling the Durham delegates on Tuesday.

THE SHIP CANAL AND THE RAILV:

COMPANIES.

LORD BALFOUR'S AWARD. Yesterday morning Lord Balfour published his altar- in the arbitration between the Manchester Ship Cl' Company and the London and North-Western 11 Great Western Railway Companies in respect of the creased cost of working, and of maintenanc.3 of Irt necessitated by the deviation of the railway line Warrington. The total amount awarded to the raßsv.alc companies is £100,600. This result is more favoursTa„, than had been anticipated, and it is one with which Canal Company will have every reason to he satisliri.:' The railway companies' claims amounted in the agg gate to no less than £500,000, but this enormoris grao, was reduced by the Great %A estern Comb any with &so • ing a portion of their demand, leavin; the atneunC'a.:' submitted to the arbitrator, £450,000. The C gnat pany were anxious to secure the diversion of the way trafficto the new lines at Walton and Latchf°rd.,..' order to complete the cutting of the canal at places; and they, therefor°, agreed deposit this amount pending the award, so as to get immediate PL. session of the old lines. An agreement wts entered,„i• to to this effect, and the sum of £450.000 now lies ia bank in the joint names of the chairmen of the t companies. The amount of the award, £100.533,4'0, be deducted from the amount of thR deposi;, balance handed back in the Ship Canal Company.

===== 0002601_18930826_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKETS.

RUNCORN, SATURDAY. - Fresh hotter Is 61 an 1 re CA,. Pail lb.; fresh eggs,lo for Is ; fowl, 4s Oct to s 0(1 per couple; uttio cs 6s Oct per coo le ; geese Os to t d per lb. ; tile. eys Oct per lb. ; beef, 8d per lb.; mutton. Cid to * Per Od pox , (cl to 9(1 per lb. : lamb lid to 01 per lb. ; v al 71 Wm per lb.; pot toes, 4.64 to Os Od Crt loud. Cheese 73(1 Pe,f,. petWIDNES, SATURDAY.—Fresh butter, Is 4(1 and Os 0u_5,.... lb.; fresh ergs,lo for ls ; fowls, 3.01 to is per couple 5s Od to s per couple ; geese. d per lb.; beef. 70 to NI:, lb.; mutton 61 to t d per lb. ; pork, 9.1 to Od per lb. 111 Od to d per lb. ; lamb, Od per lb. ; potatoes per load. 61 ''''' WARRINGTON MARKE F.—WEDNESDAY, AGO. 24.1 j: FRUIT, VEGETABLE ' QuLr Y, BUTCHERS', FISHMONGERS' TABLE. . a. 8. d. 8. it. 8. d• BJ4 f, Reg.,'" 11$ 0 Sito 0 9 Melon each ... 0 6 —",.. ) - Lamb.. „ 0 Mutton „ 06—0 1) Celery V stick 02— , 6 Vi at „ „ 0 5 —0 9 Peas 0 0- A Pork ~ ~0 6-0 9 A odeotl e..ch „" 0 0 :-' i PO( k rides 0 7-0 o C rrots per lb ... 00— '' O .. cured 0 7—O 0 Caul flower( ... 0 4 Wh Is plgs,, ie 10 0-10 6 (2uctiat`ii r each° 4 • 1 •Ueese ~1 0 0 O Ca obbages each 0 2 --„, 8 . row is V couple 4 6 0 0 Tom toes Vlb 6 Chickens Ducks „ Rs'il its Beret. each ... 5 0 -0 0 Asparazus "1000 0' „" • 0 Pitons,, Par 'idgeLrace 4 13 0 0 New pot. oea „ 0 0 2 6 Grouse ~ Pheasan a -0 0 Green Peas? it o 0-- , Turkel( 0 10-0 0 0 I Butter, fresh.% 1 3-0 0 Green pro:0611.0 4 ~3 Hen e.gs 10 for 1 0 0 0 B ens, kidney a. 0 2--„u 0, Duck ........0 0-0 0 Pomeg.anates...o 1-- 0 Apples a ~," • Onions „ Grapes „ oo— 1 0 C..e se fins 53 0- ' "Li• •' , FineApt,le each() 0— 3 0 „ good 52 0 56 Greengages Ftbs 0— 0 4 „ ordinary 45 0— , 0 C. erries ~ ...... 00— 0 0 Lo: st er Vih 1 6 --,,,' 0 - Urea berries ~0 0— 0 0 Turbot ~p 4-" 6 - Damsons, ~O 3 0 0 S hnon „ 0 0— , 0 nurni „ - u 0 1 Goosebarries „ 0 0— 0 0 Fluk a „ Rasp' erries „ 0 0— 0 0 Eels „ „ - 0 0 Black Currants 0 0— 0 0 Soles ~ ~1 1) I 0 ' - lie -I ( urrants 0 0— 0 0 Sparlings Marrows each 0 0— 0 4 Codfish ~ Set', ale 111 tt. 0 0— 0 0 Mac ierel each 0 5 Rhubarb bets 0 1— 0 0 Berri .g r dozen 1 6 v

BETH.

.... ---- rrEETIT. PARKINSONS'S TEETH are, at the Priart UNEXCELLED IN TUE WOULD. The,P,uirli . rEETII. may rest assured that these statemen"" Of Ibased on ABSOLUTE TRUTII, and peart‘o is , TEETH. ;LI ilr. PZUlVll4nobiansteonn'tei noftf:Toge'd TE: ETII. entifiptilyinPgrallifeestiln Entland, the outzotn!,. EST A2°l-711 using ..-- • fig BEST MATERIALS obtainable, and chargi T EETH. the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. Any set made, or any work done 1.7 b--,Ar fa TEE I a not giving ABSOLUTE SA.TISFACIIv. Of Every Detail will be immediately corp T ./J.O EETH. CHARGE. an ENTIRE NEW SET mada F• 1111 tido" 11 These Conditions Insure the utine's ro. ZI . EETII. Don and recommendation, exPempilli,'d atultilli ' sets haying been inserted for patients " all T EETH. one year only, directly and Indirect!). i'br°ooo - the voluntary persuasion and recomoisolu ol " TEETH. of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any on these patients' names and addresses, TEET ~ retire, will be given to any would.ba io'.,,sta Li personally applying for them. These, 'ties:, thousands In thepast., each • mmendbl4ool, TEETH. friends, a ' • peas volumes for -at.. --- ..!..-,-4. success. ~ bitsholt244 TEETH. nalalPiLudnfOisrla.lielyCZAVOtPlotialPEta I:ts. till° ot ?i TEETH. NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELo°litli-A FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily trout 1.7„„ and 2to B. RACTlttif "ILI. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXT .ro as hitherto, by the aid of his ow,. .ioir TEETH. LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of wblch Vol, liquefies for sale to dentists ,00 neArly.lol TEETH. lons weekly. Patients, bare, thcrefore, speciality also the benefit of his eaperiap°l4_, TEETH. . CLOSED ALL DAY ON FRIDA TEETH ........ , I ~, ....

J. IL. PARKINSON, Dentist by Examln° ati n 46, MOSLEY-STRT, MANG Irk EE ST_ldgil.•• WARRINGTON ON WEDNESDAYS, at Miss Ow— Ladies' Outfitter, Sankey-at., from 2 to 5 PO' RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. 11uge.06° ' Parson's), Confectioner, Bridge-et., from 2 05' w • NORTRWICH, on FRIDAYS, at Miss Gibson's., 2. 04°

from LT" 11 to 5. JO

, , . ~ . . • ' ,-...;..,.,,,..:•-..:, ~,;: , '''..:,••,,,,i_. :.... ~ ' ::•4,,,,•:,--. '....., ~(:':',.. ,:•• ....e.'„,' • ' 4, - • - -,, , . . , „, ... , ''.• ' ''.','' iv+.-•,.` , '',•. , _,... . .4..: r oci: •-• •:1.! lerStt ' ' ::r.i..:•'. : ; -- - , . . . .. c5,.,...1 ...., sisß,... ..,. . fr;'l,. -• ~ ..-`.., . . ..) 4t,tr :.s4eioarpow .06-..'..,'.':,':,;,:,:.,,:,,:•.',,,','',.,.t, 4,..:,'?'.;,.:,•'.,'''4,, , i''',.''''',‘'..,...;'..::,.... , ~...t • ,• ... s,'.•-"..-.-',•• , , ~.,. ~. . ' .I,' ' , ' ~:..,..:.% Pir IP; .".. ~ ~ ~. ~.. \., "?. ; • %.,,,' 01..:,',; i,•'... istv.'''."''.-... t',',..• '.-'.' '• 4 ~'. -•-',.:';•;; , ..,....:4...! ...,.7 : ~,,'*.•;', ic' ,• ,' . • , i.r,o•:},': l'• , . 1.1 . ..'''.. J ••• . ~-..•; .',. :., ...!,,,.4 :•,:',,';,-;` ..::. .. . , '.,...... 1-,- '-'-';':',i, . ,-''.4'''• ' ;', ~. ', .;:t• •.!,4 •,--,::..V t!4 3511-11'.. ••,..." ,'`.!:, ...,_,,g:/,'!.. '',..'•.' ../.4, f ; .....,,, .. . != , ‘,. •—:',,t o*' , J,i,-, ,;7,' '4 ;7.,./i ....A. ....1 h' ,14.,. i, .•••.•,,, ~... - • - , . I , ~ .•,,,'/; ' ,•"•• ,:' . . . I .1:i, ~. .•,,' I •., `;'..... .• • . ' ".,',' , . ~ . , ••••', ..: 4•;f:, e•:. •.',t• ";,, ~...1 • ~, - .'...4• -4 , i' •..• ' '''''',!' '• , A. •, ' ' ,

===== 0002601_18930826_art0124.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A. •

===== 0002601_18930826_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDDING RINGS.—PURE GUINE 1. GOLD [ ' it, , NyErmiNa RINGS. Largest Ftock and best value ~ over eft e,striet. Sold by weight from is 6d. to 60s. Al. khri " ahaP". hviuding the Round and HalfU .1 -m:n . Yll In stock. Flnger size card poet free. , li• AND A. EU iTANCE. THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK. 43. SANKEy-STRERT. WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED. 1864. YCLIPPE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, To.o WARRINGTON. ..ORROW (SUNDAY) EVENING, Atm 27TR, 1893. Si '1 PECIAL l ;lIORAL SERVICE, (Mendelesohus' Musk.) tolos will be rendered by members of the Choir. Brief addrees by Rev. J YONGE. r ~Pe 'me at 6.30. Offortory for Cho:r Expenses.

110110130 H OF WARRINGTON. rp HITISIMAL rit ECIINICAL INSTITUTE. IHE SCHOOL OF ART •ull RE-OPEN TUESDAY, 5113 SlTTlcmDzin. lUE %ONTINVATION THE SCHOOL OF SCIENCE ,h Win nit " "tea -—N MONDAY. 18TH SEPTEMBER. U 44 full Y-three CLASS S In forty Subjects.--I,lst of Clanes Syllabus natty be had on app ietlon at the Museum. CHARLES MADELEY, Secretary.

1: II E WAR RINIGT .N SWIMMING CLUB will hold a „ GRAND SWI MMING GALA 'll 'WEDNESDAY, NEXT, AUGUST, 30th 1893. at the CORTORATION BATHS. LEGH-STREET. Open at 7 o'cl.ek commenci" at 7-31 Early Doors E. 45. 3d. extra. Er. ALDERMAN CHANDLEY in the Chair. Ltst OF BYENTS Breadths Youths' Race. Lengths (Club) Handle ip. I' Leniths (Open) Handicap. I-FINAL of the NORTHERN COUNTIES WATtuR. POLO CHAMPIONSHIP. Leaf.street Swlnimil,g Club. Manchest r. vet eras Crescent Swimming Club. Liverpool. Leugth Horse Race. Competitors to wear a Suit ite°lhes Inn SIB: Hat. • gulatiou t Cosumes will be worn by SR • the Competitors. 4CTIONS OF MUSIC by an Orchestral Band. 'lll, liented'AYOßESS (Mrs. Edward Greenall) has kindly con- Present, the Prizes at the conclusion of the are requested to be present. dSIQN 2s. Is. -and 63. fatvt, roughly A WONDERFUL W the relbible Silver English Pntent Lever Watch. 3:16. Jewelled ,an I fused, with strong eh tin or fusee, Olid %Bye, Isall-nuirk-d cases, wel finished' and sped- to !PI Pd Stat in the pocks t, " FOR FIFTY SHlLL- tia_y • This watch is thmd to a minute, and will stand tough went.. A WATCH THAT ABSO-, fOr-k. "I'IFIPS Cr/MP TI • lON ! A Written fa" Guaran - Ire Irs give,. w a ith each welch. To be obtained on y 'tlook, lot A. E USIA FCE, wat:limnkers. The Illuminatedi Nit ,Qtnles,v-st. Warrington. ssg oent —cetPt 004-fre'e to all parts of the United Kingdom WARRINGTON INFIRMARY AND DISPENSARY. The First Annual ASS BAND CONTEST n aid 08 the above Charity will take place on the s'IrECREATION GROUND. BANK PAR If. 141,en0 SATE lIDAY NEXT, AUGUST 26, IS9,_ t Clash Prizes will be given to the amount !d £40.. £l2 ; Sec nrl P. ice. z'B; Third Prize. f 6 0 ;nit Prize. £5 ; h Prize, £4; Sixth Prize, £o &Newt' Prize. £2 TPoIT " MARINO FALIERO " Donizepti. 0. SH P HERD Hag ,of Liverpool. Ing Panda are ente,ed s—Ashton (North). Crewe ler 11 (oTt. nes), Cger, Eagles', Eccles (Borough). IManchel- (114:44w1 Temperance), Gorton (IL S. & L. IV.), Leigh !i4te, Aln•sley, Pendleton -kelmersdale tTempe.,. *,Yhriclge (Old). Verdin Adehi.ds. Widnes Subscrio- It!lieCinglo (Methodist Free Cnusch),Warrington League 44414 6". Warrirt,t On Borough. Contest to comMence at 2.30. Re.o nto the"Gronnd. ; Enclosure with Seat, kelt*, Children half-price to Ground only. "Riente will he pr.svided I,y the BrittahAtoraman Put lie House Company.

' WIttRAL AND Br!? KEN II EAD AG RICUL- : '''' TERAL socurrrs PIFTY-FIEST ANNUAL SHOW 7T/I AND BTII SEPTEMEEIt. . te 14...,ENTRIES POSITIVELY CLOSE TO-BAY , (SATURDAY), nth INSTANT. , 0......uut0n tAIL!IiUIt 11. EDWARDSON, Secretary. -: .--...„.._ -B—,lln-,,enhead. 10

wAnctitAvE ÜBCII. XIARVEST THANKSGIVING. mr„.....SUN.DAT, AUGUST arn, _ ofrip.X.Y4 NG 16 30 HOLY COMHUN3ON. • xiATOIty FOR SICK AND SIDSDY. EVSN ING 6.30. PflEieffEila. nV. W. It. CLA. It T N. Baletu Viearol Howe-SA(l.re 011 Cr the oum ea' Augsaentation Fund. Anthems and Hymns. s'a.LE-W ILLO %VS HOILTRIULTURAL SOCIETE. B BIGN'TE ANNUAL ETINIIITION Will be held 00 SATURDAY AUGUGT 26, 1893. 424THIRS CLOSH AUGUST 10, 1893. 7400% BRASS BAND will •play Selections In the an't for DANCING lii tbe evening. 1384°74‘113 to 4 p.m. le., after 6d. Children half- - . Vevrto IVIIMINSON,-Seeretary.

I'HEATRE 4,jy.A.ti, AND Isle pro A OUSE, ST. HELENS. hoy Irle.„tor and adanager (a.leo Lessee of Theatre qti!laettleld, and Theatre ItovaliLik,tol ilterutvrm. and Treasurer ..Mr . ir.WAA.RTH Us H OEN tat. ............ . ..... M . RICHARD SOARS- 4, NIGHTS ONLY, COMMENCING ONly AUGUST 28sx, 1893. TWO FOLLOWING NIGHTS, • WORLD FAMED COMEDIAN, J L. TooLE ills LONDON COMPANY. Ilbei;:" AND TUR,DAY, AUG. 22th aud 29th 1897, 3.304...0rman0emi1l commence with the PETITE oze -Act,. by Ciemeut Scots, Ewa., entitled— THE LINE. 01,41,41 Iluase°011" 13Y the saew Comic Drama, played ;for two t utive seasons., to crowded houses nightly. a Toole's Theneae. London, entitled-- 141114 WALKER, LONDON. AUGUST 3ern, 1893, LAST NIGHT OF 13t,, MR. Toolms —ottatance will commence with the favourite Comedy- drama, in one Lot. entitledLTHlll to SPrPALFIELDS WEAVER' —4°ll°lred by the favourite Comedy, in three Acts, entitled— t. el PAUL PRY. ude with the Famdous Farce by JOHN HOLLINGS IIII3AD, Req., entitled THE lIRTEPLACE OF PODO ER3. TooLvrs Visit the Prices of eetirtil:/610,311..w(ilplibRogyitItLi.j,e.BOxe sanrd £1 10'3. ; Orchestra 3s. ; Dress Upper e' Pitrft%llOsW, Isprir). Pit, ; Amphitheatre, 91; 6,1. tkitr,v4°9..,en nt T. tocomGmaleinercye.at 7.30. :—Open at 630, (Saturday 6 o'clock). —,Gallery and arnpkitheatre, and 61. extra to other Pt parts of Theatre. "AS' CLARKE, EXAIII;7ER OFFICE, 33, A Rood ArAliK ET-ST., EAHLRSTOWN. illwas,Bßele(l.loß of PLAIN and FANCY STATIONERY N 1104114 'tocit. London and Provine'al Newspapers, Weekly J3ally and Weekly Papers delivered in the 4°M of Earleatown,Wargrave, and the Vulcan. "verp,3o--IN. the old Rat:b!libed Dyers, Davits and Son,

pUPTURES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. T. lii3GINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure or Rupture ; registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 A 9. Grosvenor-street, Lon- don-road. Manchester.

AVILL BUY or EXCHANGE Curio., Diamonds, Gold an Silver ; 111099 t price.—Jacicso3,, Pawn- broker, 71. Oxford st., Manohnster.

7.IUXTON LIME FIRMS COMFANY LIMITED. 1-7 —Aa Agents tor above, we have aiwnyt a stoCk oi Lime at our wharf. Central Station, Warrington ; price! cp,otcd, delivered by roil, cart, or boat.—Apply CLAIM' and RIDGWAY. Central Station, Warrington, and Sankey Brides.

PARK ROAD, NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS. -- mit. P. FAIRCLOUGII, Organist, and Choir- rimier St. Pttet'll Chur^li ; Nernher of Trinity College, London, Soiicits Pupils for Pianoforte, Organ Singing, Theory, au. Terme moderate. Pupils prepared for the Tr' nity College and other Examinations. Pianos carefully Tuned. Terms Moderate.

HARDAWAY AND TOPPING (late BOULOGNE SUR-MR), FLUs'HING, HOLLAND. Postage nd. Daily Flirts List forwarded fret nn receipt of address. The Oldest Established Firm of Turf COMllllll3Bkoli Agents ia the World. No representatives.

JAM ES WEBSTER, MIDDELI3CRG, HOLLMIND. (Late of Calais and Boulogne- ur-Mer, France.) GREAT YORKSHIRE HANDICAP. ST. LEGER, CRSAREWI CH, CAMBRIDGE-MIRE, An. "THE TURF CHRONICLE" Free on rect Jut of address. DOUBLE AND TREBLE EVENTS STARTING PRICES ACCUMULATIVE COMMIiSIONS. NO STARTING PRICE LIMIT ON THE PRINCIPAL RACES.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office ; 168, ISLINGTON-SQUARE, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable 61. Weekly. Entire Charge £1 2e. 3d. £5O, „ 20s. „ .. £3 9s. Od. £lOO, „ 40s. „ £6 16s. Gd. ALla. GO2tDON. Manager.

ACCIDENTS WILL HAPPEN. TUE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO., The old-at and large,t.") Mut since 1849 pal for ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS £3,200.. 00. Established 1849. Rt. Hon. EVELYN ASHLEY, Chairman 64, Cornhill, London. W. D. MASSY, Secretaries A. VIAN, AGENTS Warrington Mr. C L HOLMES, Market Gate. Mr. W.ll. RIGBEY, Central Station. St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH. Ilardshaw-atreet. Knutatord Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER. Sandbach Mr. It. EINLOIV. Rookery Bridge.

TO THE RATEPAYERS OF RUNCORN. -- LADIES AND GENTLEIMEN.— You are respectfully solicited to RESERVEa VOPE for WALTER COLLIER at the v..,oming elect!on of Commis- sioners.

COMMISSIONERS 'CLAUSES ACT, 1847. RUNCORN IMPROVEMENT ACT, 1852. NOTIUE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a MVETING • of Persons entitled to VOTE at the Election cr com- ' misstone 9, under the Runcorn Improvement Act, will be held, at, the MARKET HALL. Bridge- t. Runcorn, on THURS-; DAY, the 7th d y of September, 1893, for the election of Flee Commissioners In th 4 'named' the live retlrmg. 'the voting will commence at nin o'clock in the forenoon and close at four o'clock In the alternern. E. MARSHALL. Secretary to the said Commissioners. Town Hall, Runcorn, 'August 24th. 1893. COMMISSIONERS CLAUSES ACT, 1347. RUNCORN IMPROVEMENT, ACT 1852. NOTICIL Li HEREBY GIVEN that at a ;MEETING .11 of the Runcorn Improvement Commissioners lelß on the 3rd day .of August, 1893, FRANCIS WISWALL. Esq., was appointed to act as,the Returning Officer tit the Election of Commissionersto ce held on die 7th day of September, 1893. E. 'MARSHALL. Secretary to the said CAnmissioners. Town HAIL Ituncern, August 24th, 1893.

D AMP WT-AL. ABSOLUTR OURE GUARANTEED -- PRICES AND PARTICULARS FROM J. L. DIUGUID AND 'C '4) 28. CIINPEL-STRBET, LIVERPOOL. WLere" Model" damp-proof walls are on. =view. LOCA'L 'REFERENCES GIVEN.

THOMAS k.JOWDELL. 'STATE AGENT, 1. NELL•ST., ErisitlCHT PLACE, WARRINGTON. Reutoodlooted in Town or Country. • Agent to Repel and Liverpool and London anEtGlobe Ir.stwanee Companies. THOMAS RAIN, Emir and To HET COLLECTOR, House. Hstate, and General Commiaslon Agent, 39, GLADSTONE STREET. WARRINGTON. RENTS azip ACCOUNTS regularly collected in town or country.--tiEBTS PURCHASED. References and Terms on application. Communications promptly attended to.

HE HIUMAN HAIR. IF YDUR HAIR IS FALLING orr. Consult G. "...-AN1,4012, or 'Use His Renowned Preparations, CANTHARIDRS =TRACT and POMADE, Which are CERTAIN RESTORERS of the HAIR. TAYLOR'S SEDATIVE AND NUTRITIVE CREAM is Infallible for neriectly :Relieving the Skin from Irchation and Freeing the Nair from Scurf Prepared only by S. TAYLOR, HAIRMIRSSER AND PERFUMER, 28 Am) 88. KING.STREBT. MANCHESTER.

lIEMBRY'S LINOLEUM TILE BEST FOR HARD WEAR: 43, and 47. CTIOSS-ST— .(ALBERT-SOTARE) 'IANCHEBTEE. Telephone 53.7.

T ADIES SHOULD KNOW of the most Wonderful Medical Thecovery of the Age. ALL LADIES This MIRACULOUS and very powerful REMEDY quickly relieves all lIIRE•;ULARITIES /red RE. 'MOVES all OBSTRUCTIONS HOWEVER OBSTINATE oe Long Standing.. fft is perfectly Larmless but CERTAIN and EFFBCTUAL. Tionsands baye been relieved. .one Lady writes Your Medicice is truly wonderful ; my case -rias a fearfully obstinate one ixioid useless pills.. ffnvaluable par;iculars free on reasipt of amped addressed envelope. A. DASMIVIL, 371, LANGDALE, WALTHAMSTOW. • YUCT.IO.I4IBIIED IESI.

T. BIRTLES. PHOTOGRAPHER, LSGH HOUSE, STUDIO OPEN DAILY. PORTRAITS IN ALL STYLES. COMMERCIAL PHOTOG4CAPIIY OF EVERY DESCRIPTIGN. •

TO BE GIVEN AWAY WELVE SEWING MACHINES. • Any person who has bad a Sontag Maohino (any- body's make) TEN YEARS or more, sbould writs to SINE'S, MANAGEMENT FOR TUE UNITED KINGDOM. 39, FOSTER-LANE, CHEAPSIDE. LONDON. B.C. THOSE WHO APPLIED LAST YEAR SHOULD „ NOW APPLY ADAM \

MRS. NICHOLSON Begs to announce that her ANNUAL LEARANCE SALE Of turpl us Stock will commence on WEDNESDAY NEXT, AUGUST 30ru, And will continue for 14 days, during whih period everything will be offered at a small margin above actual cost Several Special Bargains in LIMOGES CHINA DINE litt SERVICES. IA choice lot of Dessert Fereicecall of the very newest designs TEA SERVICES (40 pieces) from 7e. Gd. upwarls. BREAKFAST SERVICES (29 pieces) from 12s. 61. upwards. DINNER SERVICE (54 pieces) from 15s. upwards. A quantity Of iligh-0404 Table Glass will be ...!:eared out at considerably beloW Cost. • A large v,riety of Artistic FLOWER PO7 S, TOILET ORNAMENTAL and DECORATIVE GOODS at loss than half-price.—Speclal attention is invited to many bargains in VASES. ORNAMENTS and FIGURES, in Dresden, Worcei- ter and other noted manufactures. 56. BRIDGE-STREET. WARRINGTON.

E , ADE S. GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS TII sAFEST AND MOST EFFECTUAL. Trion who are enduring the agony of gout or the lesser torture of rheumatism, will hail with a feeling of joy any remedy which promises to afford even the slightest relief. We Wadly, therefore, give promirence to the GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILL introduced to suffering humanity of Mr. &ode, the well-known Chemist, and prepared from the formula of one of the most eminent physicans of the day, It Is claimed that no alteration of diet is required, nor is con- finement to the h, use by any means necessary. It would appear, then,that a medicine so easily taken,ana so efficacious, requires only to be widely known, to meet with that recogni- tion it deserves.— "Civil Service Gazette." Sold everywhere by Chemists, ac..in bottles Is. lid. and 2s. 9d.

HALL'S MY HATTER. THE CELEBRATED W. W• OR WEAR WELL MAKE OF HATS. MADE FROM PURE NATURAL FUR AND PURE LAMBS' WOOL, ELASTIC AND UNBREAKABLE, DURABLE, COMFORTABLE AND EASY FITT- ING AND PERFECTLY VENTILATED. FROM 2/6 TO 6/6 Made by TRADES' UNION woricpeople in a British Factory. To be obtained only' from THE NOTED HAT SHop, 1. /SIKER= GATE. WARRINGTON.

355 SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. .I.IAWSON AND Co, • THH STANDARD TAILORS Are NOW SHOWING sonnef the Choicest f7...csigns in WOOLLEN GOODS for the present Season. We have lately adopted and are now cutting by the NEWEST AND LATEST AMERICAN SYSTEM. With great success. and are confident of giving every satiSfaction in fit and stlie. EVERYGAREIENT marlettnder PERSONLI. SUPERVISION

'NCR BOARDS liD. PER FOOT. SCANTLING SiN. by 21N.. at,itt lER FOOT. PINE, SPRUCE, FLOORING AND MATCHED BOARDS. POSTS, PALING AD FENOING CHEAP, ADCOGE'S TIMBER 'YARD AND STEAM SAW MI4LS, 10, ST. Z.A.MES,STREET. LIVERPOOL.

TANNERS' LANE COAL WHARF, WARRINGTGN. THE PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY, LIMITED, INC E NALL COLLIERIES, luau WIGAN. LOCAL MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS. All kinds of Douse Coal, Nuts. Burgy, and Engine Fuel kept in stock. Wagons sent to any Railway Station. House, orders promptly ,ditended to. N.B.—Ord,rs received also at 19s, Sankey-et.

EXP/ItATION OF LEASE. 311i5R CANTRELL HAS DECIDED TG CLEAR HER CHOICE SELECTIONS • GLASS Aire CHINA AT A REDUCTION OF • 20 PER CENT. DISCOUNT FOR CASH. AIM CANTRELL, 08. SANKEY-STREET. WARRINGTON.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT CO. • BEST BOOTS FOR RYBRYBODY." See the new Styles in LADIES' LOIT SHOES. UNDER THE CLOCK, WARRINGTON. ' UNDER THE CLUB, WIDNES. 20 BRIDGE STREET, BARLESTOWN: MERV GOLD MEDALS FOR QUALITY.

TEA. OEYLON TEAS, in perfection. direct from estates. INDIAN TEAS. Sull of strength and wpour. EL',NDED TEAS, of delicious quality. KEEN BUIrEitS and JODOSS OF VAF.I.JE should not fail to seats at once for a Ramoi of our 'ices. Every taste and requirement can be satisfied direct from .or warehouse at tha lowest possible cost, saving pence per poudd. CITY OF LONDON TgA COMPANY, BEER-LANE. LONDON. R.C.

STOTHERTS' HEADACHE & NEURALGIA POWDERS, A cer•ain cure in 10 minutes. From all Chemists. Grocers. wad Co-operatie e Stores, or direct from the Proprletore. Post Free, 14 or 33 stamps. in Bores is. Ifl.. artd 2s. 01. TI Re STOTHERT AND SONS. WHOLESALE CHEMISTS, ATHERTON, NEAR MANCHESTER.

GRADY'S OCOUREE, AIETAL POLISH. QUICK, BRILLIANT, LASTING. In IL, 4d..2d., and id. Tins. Wall Grocers and Chandlers. Wholesale from J. L. DUO DID and C. . 28. CHAPEL-STREET, LIVERPOOL

JA S. M. GREENHALOII, CABINET MAKER, UPHOLSTERER, AND DECORATOR. SII0WROOII: 43, BANKEY-STRERT. WORKaIIOP: RING-STAMM • WARRINGTON.

EBENEZER TIMMINS & SONS, LTD ENGINEERS AND IRONFOUNDERS. MAKERS OF CHEMICAL AND SOAP PLANT. BRIDOEWATER FOUNDRY, RUNCORN, EilAamsnED 1827. CQNTRACTops FOE GAS WORKS, WATER WORKS, ARTESIAN WELLS, BRINE WELLS, AND BORINGS FOP. MINERALS. BOEING PLANT AND PUMPS.

TRY THE MANATOLA BLEND CEYLON TEA. 23. PER LB. Sold in ill). Packet s. 6d. each. W. H. HURST, 28, MARRUT-STRRIIT, WARI:INGTON.

I LAN DUDNO.-GOULDING'S PRIVATE HOTEL L and BOARDING HOUSE. Church Walks. Private sitting rooms ;70 bedroom,. Billiard and Smoke Rooms.— GouLynca's 'Bus meets all trains. ELECTRIC LIGET.

LONDON.—Visitors to BERNARD'S PRIVATE HOT IL. 13stab. 31 years. Central for business or leasure. Over 1.00 testimonials from Minister‘ and others. Bed. breakfast. 3s. plain; two for 6s, 6d. ; tea 10,1.-1 and 2 Granville-square, King's Cross-isad.

QOUTIIPORT, SUNNYSIDE HYDRO, Promenade extension. Physician, Dr. Bernardo. A summer and winter reetdence, combining all the comforts of a pleasant home. Sea view. parks, pier, and trams near. ?Nor Turkish and other baths, billiards, and tennis. Terms moderate.—J. Itoococi, proprietor.

BUXTON SUMMER HOLIDAYS.-lIADDON °BONI; HYDROPATHIC. Just added new Recrea- tion room for entertainments and danelng. For rheumatism end gout thorough treatment given. Billiards lawn tennis, Ste. Terms. 15s. to 493. per week. Special week end terms. —G. B. HILL, Proprietor.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE . HOTEL, 34 TO 40, LUDGATE HILL. DOME COMFORTS. CLRANLINRSS AND QUIRT. Central for business or pleasure.

MRS. ()UTRAM, CONFECTIONER. E 4, VICTORIA ROAD, NEW BRIGHTON. (iliEway between Pier and Railway Station, olvosite Nelson's New Brightest Hotel). LUNCHEONS, DINNERS. TEAS, REFRESIIMMUS, Ac.

SELSON TICKETS AT GREATLY REDUCED RATES. T v IL POOL, LLAND'UDNO, BEAU3IARIS. BANGOR. & MENAI LRIDGE. DAILY SAILINGS , T. TUDNO, leaving Liverpool at 1045 am ; BONNIE PRINCESS, 3 days a week from Li verpodl. id 2.p.m. Tor fares and times of millings apply to T. E. HARLOW, 20. Watersit., Liverpool.

W HITE sTAR LINE, ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK. via Queenstown, every Wed. MAJESTIC... Wed.. Aug. YO I BRITANNIC.— Wed.. Sept., 6 Second Cabin will be carried an the voyage mark- ed thus.. Steerage passage to New • York. Boston, cnd rhiladelphia, at low rates. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform In model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply ZOSEPII SMITH, 61, Legh-et., War- rington, or to ISMAY. ImutE, and Co., 34. Leadenhall-street. London. WC., and 10. Water-street. Liverpool

IhLE OF MAN.-CRARNIING LIOLIDAY TOURS. ROYAL 11 tkIL AND EXPRESS STEAMERS. AUGUST (Sundays etcepted). LIVERPOOL TO DOUGLAS. I DOUGLAS TO LIVERPOOL. Daily at 1130 a.m. and 2 p.m. I Dally....at 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. Saturdays (extra) Spin. I Mondays (extra)...12.30 a.m. ONE DAY EXCURSIONS. Daily from liverpool at 10 30 a:m.,returning from Douglas at 4 p.m., allowing about 1} hours ashore. Sea passage 31 hours. it turn Day-Szeursion Fares : Saloon 75., Fore Cabin As. 6d. FLEETWOOD TO DOUGLAS. Daily at 2.15 p.m. 00'1161AS TO FLEETWOOD. Saturdays (e1tra)...12 30 p.m. DaAly at 8.30 a.m. LIVEPPOOL TO RAMSEY. --fittlDTdAye, •dlrret. 12 noon; via Douglas—Mondays, Wednosilayil, Thursdays, and Fri- days, at 2 p.m. FLEETWOOD TO tummy, via Dongslas. every Monday, Wed- nesday. Thursday. and Friday at 2.15 p.m. DOUGLAS TO DUBLIN • DOUGLIS TO GLASGOW. Every Monday, Tuesday, and Mondays. Tuenlays, and Friday. ' 'Fridays. DOUGLAS TO BELFAST, via Feel, daily. For times and Excursion Fares see this Company's Pro- gramme. free on application. also Guide, or forwarded on re- ceipt of stamped address by the Isle of Kan Steam P..cket Co.. Ltd., Douglas.

THROLTGH THE LATCH DISTRICT TO THE ISLE OF MAN. THE BEST ROUTE TO voua LAS IS VIA BAItROW. Shortest Sea Passage. Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted). BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 1-45 p.m. DOUGL IS to BARROW—at 8-30 a.m. Train inconnection with steamers leaves Warrington via rreston t 9 55 a.m. Cheap Return Fares from Warrington First-class and Saigon 235. Od: } Trains run Third-class an i Saloon its. 6c1,.. alongside Tbird-clam and Fors Cabin iii. 04. steamers. SPECIAL NOTICF.—CIRCIILAR TOUR Ticketsavailahle for going via Liverpool or Fieetw: od, for going via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fldetwood.or vice versa, can now be obtained at following Arcs First-class and Saloon lBe. 64. Third-clam and Saloon l3s Oct. Third-class and Fore Cabl a ›,„9s. 61. Passengers muat state at the timb of Booking v.hieli Route they wish to travel by an the outward and homeward jour- ney. Fassengers' Luggage is conveyed free of charge from and to the Steamers at Barr w. The journey may be broken at Grange, Diverstone (for the Lakes), Furness Abbey. or Bar- row. JAMES LITTLE & Co., Barrow.

SCOTLAND. ORDINARY RETURN T I CKETS trailed during the p.riod from the let May to 31st October, are am a 'able for two Calender Months, by OWL or BEAR. but are not translerable. If not used within the pre- scribed period they are cancelled. No allowance made for tickets lost, mislaid, cr not used. . STEAN4 COMMUNICATiON BETWEEN LIVERPOOL AND GLASGOW. . CALLING AT GREENOCK ) The first-Maas fell-powered, Screw Steamers •OWL and MASTIFF are intended to sail from CE kIiENCH 13CrCK (south-west side), Liverpool as under, carrying goons and Passengers at terms stated in Sailing Bills, to be had from the Agents. AUGUST. From From Prinees Landing Clarence Dock. stage prompt. MASTIFF TUFSDAY, 29th, 11 e.M -30i m OWL ORDINARY FARES (including Steward's Fee) single, 12s. 6d. ; Return ; Steerage, slngle,6s. ; servants lii catin vay full f..re. Children above two years, and under twelve years of age half these fares. • Cheap Return Tickets (valid for 10 days) issued between Liverpool. Greenock, and Glasg w. Cabin, 15s. Steerage, AGENTS :—G. and J. Burns; 30. Jamatca-st., Glasgow, and 10, Bernard at., Leith ; William Sinclair, Excise-Luildings, Greenock; C. MACIVER d 4CO. 64, and 65. Tower Buildings, Water-at,, Liverpool. Offices of tie Bridgewater Navigation Company, Limited ,and Old Quay Company,'4l Queen-at, and Wster-st.. Manches- ter. or C. Maclver, Cu , Albert-square, *u•ichester.

RETIRING FROM BUSINESS. USS CHARLES, LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S OUTFITTER. SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON, BEGS TO THANK THE PUBLIC OF WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT FOR THEIR PATRONAGE DURING THE PAST TWELVE YEARS, AND WISHES TO INFORM THEM THAT SUR IS NOW CLEARING OUT HER STOCK AT A GREAT REDUCTION.. THE SALE IS Now GOING ON.

-lB• EXTRAORDINARY SALE Will be continued during the EXTENSIVE ALTERATIONS OF ' PREMISES. MOST SWEEPING REDUCTIONS TO REDUCE THE STOCK. BELOW WE GIVE A FEW QUOTATIONS ONLY. OUR STOCK BEING SO EXTENSIVE IN VARIETY AND PRICES. WOULD BE IMPOS- SIBLE TO PARTICULARISE ALL IN THE SPACE AT OUR DISPOSAL. ' MEN'S TROUSERS—LINED. 78 PAIRS AT 4E. 11D. USUAL 88. 11D. 140 PAIRS AT 58. 11D. USNAL 10S. 6D. 153 PAIRS AT 78. 11D. USUAL 12. OD. 284 PAIR- EAT 9s. 11D. USUAL 14s. 6D. 133 PAIRS ATIIS. 611. USUAL 16s. 6D. MEN'S SAC SUITS. 67 SULTS AT 143. 11D. USUAL 213. On. 132 SUITS AT 19s. 11D. USUAL 325. OD. 128617ITSAT 255. OD. USUAL 37316 D. 119 SUITS AT 283. OD. USUAL 455. OD. ALL THESE GOODS ARE OUR OWN MAKE, AND FROM OUR REGULAR COCK FOR THIS SEASON. ALL TILE STOCK OP BOYS' FANCY SUITS REDUCED ABOUT IMF PRICE. TO EFFECT AC,EARANCE. HUNDREDS OF YOUTHS' CAMBRIDGE AND SAC SUITS ARE EQUALLY REDUCED IN PRICE. ALL ARE NEW PATTERNS FOR THIS SEASON. BOYS ODD KNICKERS AEG ODD TROUSERS ARE ALL REDUCED HALF PRICE. Business will be tarried on as flood during the alterations. IMANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT. 0, ANDIOIIOIISEMARKET-ST. WARRINGTON.

UNS WORTH BROS., TAILORS, JUVENILE CLOTHIERS, HATTERS, HOSIERS, AND SIIIIiTIJAKEILS. In consequence of the removal of largo windier* of Customers—something over 5,030 people liv.iug kit the District, SW ORTII ROS. Find their Stoh. which DOW amounts to over £4,060, much too large for present requirements, and have decided to hold a GREAT STOCK REDUCTION SALE. The Quality and Variety of UNSWORTII BROS.' S cilt is so well known it is not necessary to puff it. The Startling Reductions in all Departments on all Surplus Stock, varying frees 20 TO 50 PER CENT., are such as will convince all PURCHASERS of the immense character of this GREAT SALE. • 14, 26, 47, a 49, HIGH-STREIT, RUNCORN. R. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (COW GIDE) from 16s. Od. LAMB' IMEss BAsiorre from 24.. Oct. 39. DALE-ST.. AND 8. PARKER-ST LIVERPOOL.

mEssitS. CUMPSTY AN D SONS, SURGEON DENTISTS. EXTRACT TEETH WITHOUT PAM. 78—I8LINGTON. LIVERPOOL-78 WITH NITROUS OXIDIC Gas, A SET OF ARTIFICIAL Mall, WITII ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS, FROM 3s. PEE TOO'rH. Mr. Cumpsty's advertisement to extract teeth without. pain is strictly correct. Samuel Nash. Secretary Young Men's Christian Association.-10th August, 1869.

LORD. BROS. GREAT MANTLE AND JACKET SALE AT HALF PRICES Oil 202. FOR los. DRESSES AT CLEARING PRICES, EARLY CUSTOMERS GET THE CHOICE. COME AND SHE. COME AND SEE. TWO MINUTES' WALE FROM MARKET GATE. LORD BROS. 1281 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

LADIES THIS FOR YOU TO READ. THERE IS NO PLACE LIRE HOME. And nothing in it looks more comfortable thaa r. BRIGHT and CLEAN FIRESIDE. NO MORE BLACKLBADING REQUIRED. YOUR GRATES CLEANED IN FIVE MINUTES. USE LAWBON'S BLACK. Sold in Tins at ad., 4e., Sid. each. Fall directions for use on each tin. AU you require to use it with is LA.WSON'S PATENT muse( AND HOLDER, Price 60. One Brush will last a lifetime. The tad of the Holder being attached to the Brush forms a Shield to prevent the fingers being soiled with the black. LAWSON'S BLACK is a pleasure to use. No Brushing. No Dirt. Your Grates and Fenders will always look equal to new. Will not burn off or blister Only where the bars ge red hot. SOLE MANUFACTURER FOR PATENTEE : M. M. LAWSON, BOOTLE, LIVERPOOL. A large size Tin, with Brush and Holder complete, free per Parcel Post for ls. 41. in stamps or postal order. Copy of unsolicited Testimonial. selected out of a number received. Hawthorne Villa. Linthorpo, Middlesbro'. Oct. 29, 1892. Mr- M. M. Lawson, Liverpool. DELIS SIB,—I ZIRVO used some of the ••Lawson's Black "on my drawing and dining room fire grates, which my husband brought me to try, with the object of sayjpg the servants the tedious work of blackleading, and I think It only tight to I comply with his desire to inform you that the trial has been most satisfactory In every respect; not only is the saving In time reduced more than three-fourths, and the appearance Of the grates much improved-as compared to blacklead, but the brush and holder you here introduced en- ables those who use it to do so without in any way blacking or soiling their hands. I may also add tint s.) far the appear- ance has not been affected by the heat or the fires.=-Yours respectfully, SBNNII3 DOVE. Ask your Teaman, Grocer, or Chandler for It, Aud See that You Get It.

TIIE EMPIRE TEA CO's m NOTED _LEAS A 2 ' 9/9 2/'4, 9 / k.) /LI PER T_/ '9 /..// Ad. l.// 0.1 1 ,/ l.) LB. WE GIVE ONE CHEQUE, Olt VALUE 3n. WITH EACH QUARTER-POUND TEA. Purchasers or Cheque Holders have a costly and varie3 Stock of useful and ornamental Articles to choose from. . ).. Sheets, Tabled( the, Towels, ke. el Kitchen and Parlour Rugs, .-3 0 al E.; Door mats an sorts, 0 ~.1.4 t" '"' la Floor and Table Oilcloths, Q 14 Ironware in great variety, tO O PI Baskets. Brushes, de., 0 in tg g ri; Cutlery all torts, 0. ti U 2 . 0 China. and Earthenware. Ai g Tsilet Sets. Trinket Seta. 8 w ° A Lamps a large assortment, .1 Glassware all sorts, rl :4 = Vases and other ornaments in great variety. Culinary articles too varied to enumerate. TIIE EMPIRE TEA COMPANY. 16, HORSESIARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

TUCK AND C 0... Limited. INDIA RUBBER It PURE ASBESTOS GOODS.. LEATHER BELTINO. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn, or CEMENTED ONLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street, Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester. London, Carrliff, Newport. end Dublin, LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

JAMES WILLIAMS, CHAIR AND CABINET , MANUFA CT V R ER, 26 and 28, GEORGE LEIGH-STREET, A:OD 37. GREAT ANCHATS STRUT, MANCHESTER. Cheapest HOUSE in the Trade. EOTA MIMED 1825.

WORTHINGTON'S BURTON ALES AND STOUTS. FINDLATBR'S DUBLIN INVALID &NO OTHER STOUTS. GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT irs WI OR BOTTLE. FINDLATER'S STOUTS may now be bad in 41 gallon casks. WIIEA.TLET'S HOP BITIUtS In bottles only. J. M. BEACON. BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTUM, 14. ST. JAMES-ST.. WARRINGTON.

AID FROM BELGIAN MINERS. Cusamtoi, THUBSDAY.—Considerable agitation exists in the Charleroi coal field. Placards have been posted up demanding an increase oi ten per cent, in the wages, as a means of indirectly supporting the miners on strike in Great Britain. A manifesto has been issued by the Miners' Federation, explaining the causes of the strikes in England, and urging the Belgian miners not to work overtime, so as to prevent the accumulation of large ' stocks, which owing to the English strike, the Belgian mineowners are now able to dispose of at a high price.

r LAN FAIRFECIIAN. NOR CH WALES.—Apartments, splendid sea and mnuntalu view ; terms moderate.— Miss WYttiv, 3. illtv inc Terrace

ANOLlinf it.—Two Sitting. four Fed }loom' ; near shore: good cooking and attendance; own grounds; splendid sea view; terms moderate.—JoNva, FROYDE(I, Lianfaethlu, Valley.

BLACHPOOL.—VieItors will Slid comfortable and pleasant APARTMENTS (public or priv le). at Mn. Cams SUARP, SS. Hull-road. One minute v aik from ( entral Station and sea. Piano.

BOUSFIELD HOUSE, Loch Promenade, Douglas, Isle cf Man. The House is rep'ete with every modern con- venience. Finest views of Douglas Pay. Two minutes' walk from the Landing Pier. —Proprietress, Mrs. RELSALL.

DPUG LAS, I iLE OF MAN.—Wartingtcn House. Empress Terrace, late Empress Drive, situated in the Centre of the Bay. Uninterrup' ed View of Sea and Headlands, every accommodation for Boarders and Non-Boar..rs ; terms moderate.—P. TRAVIS, Proprietor. Q HOOTING mer above 11.000 acres, strictly preserved ; rartridges (last et aeon 600 brace), snipe, duck, pheasants ; excellent flapper shooting from Ist August ; billiard : sports guaranteed and free to visitors.—G walchmai Hotel, walchmat, nglet ey.

fliarne#o, 00r505, tart, EBog, cr FUR NESS and SADDLERY direct from the mnnufacturqr ; g"orin on npproval ; licta free.--ExL- BOURN end Loricx,

HOOPER AND BI M N S COACH BUILD33ItS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock to select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The bed fork only. Several Good Seeond-ffarnl Broughams, Landaus, Victoria,. Wagonettes. and Phstons. now frr Sale 1.. r Hire.

ultra fitstrumentg. • CAPITAL Two-manual ORGAN; fine rich tone el:dem-lid pile]] pine etse.—Aura. YOUNG & Som. organ builders, 'Orlon-et.. Manche ter.

J. W. TEMPERLEY, MUSIC SELLER, 31, LOWLAND'S ROAD, RUNCORN. PIANOS, ORGANS, VIOLINS, &c. Tuning and Repairs. Al! kinds of Fittings in Stook. Arrangements made for First-Class Orchestral Band and Pianists. PIANOS on lIINN and on HIRN-PUROIIASIL

GREAT SALE of fire salvage of over 200 PIANOS AND (MOANS. at J. PARRY'S 13, to 24, Downing- st.„ Ardwick, Manchester. Mrs Parry having come toe speedy and satisfactory settle- ment with the Yorkshire Fire Insurance Company has decided to make a quick clearance at halt their cost. £ a Full toned Bell Organ walnut and gohl case cost £2B 8 10 Oblique German Piano, ivory ke a and 7 octaves Pianette by Derwent of Londn 7 oc'aTell Rosewood cottage Piano, Nutter. 7 eotaves 4 15 Iran trace cottage Piano. Ravenswood, 7 octaves ..... 5 0 Iron frame cottage Piano. overstrung,Stodart,7 octaves 6 0 Iron frame German, overstrung piano, 7 octaves 9 15 Iron frame semi-grand, by Kirkman, 7 octaves Iron frame concert Grand, by C,llard. 7 octaves l4 0 The above lots aro, perfectly new inside with iron frame, full trichord, brass pin plate, and patent check action. The out- side wee are damaged by water.

pADEREIVSKI says: "Play only on an Erard wherever obt.fnable. ERARD. 1%1 a kers to the Queen, 18, °rent Marl bnrough-st..ll•gent-et.

pADEIEWSKI says : "Play only on an Erard wherever obtainable. ERARD. New Parb,ian Models now being exhibited•

pADEREWSKI says : "Piny only on an Ererd wherever nlitalnible. 1:4•1:ARD. The remaindar of the Eng- fish Mode's st Greet Reductions.

FADzi.u.cwatu says: "Play only on an Erard whrrever obtainable. S. anil P. BEARD. • MAKERS to the QUERN and ROYAL FAMILY. 18, GREAT MARLBOROUGH-ST.. REGENT-ST.. W.

liflatrimanp. mATt:itlf,3lll,ol*.ilYta.r—yanopill,te'aerznce,ofeotLlter.ytmecshtnetloer,anate,lol4:ll, house, wishes to eorreapon with RII accomplished. affection- ate, well-bred lady (spinster or widow) with a view to marri- age. Lady with means preferred. Address GEORGE HECI OR, 83, Gro6venor-at.. London, W.

GE D DES'S DANDELION C °FIEF. The beat and cheapest ever offered to the Panne. Sad by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 5d., 10d.. and la. Ed each. Wholesalelw J Oincis a S,)11. Warrington,

GEORGE. JACKSON. P AWNER ()REX, JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH, 59, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. 'JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS. FURNITURE, CARPETS. BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS. and MUSICAL IN- STRUMENTS or every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OP INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

VICTREMELY handsome BROOCH Al and EARRINGS to match. in Paymcnts taken. solid 18 c.irat gold, set with splendid real Diamonds and Rubies, sp endid design, in pretty Moroc.:o Case, equal to new, taken in exchange. Cost from a local jeweller, four pounds t 2 ten shillings. Only S. FORFEITED under spec:al con- tract. massive and noble coking Payments taken. Solid MARBLE CLOCK, Brsnze Pillars and Plaques. beautiful Opal Dist. Visible e‘cl;.errieut with Ruby Pallet. Warranted tor five years. Original cost, seven guineas, will sell R 3 I.os. b rthe low price of VIIIST-CLASS VIOLIN, in grew! I. condillen, splendid copy of Payments taken. " Amatus " oarefully selected Woods. Magnificent Tone. Honestly worth three guineas. Only S. 60.

91.11 E FOLLOWING WATLIIINS . 1 were fo,feited this week. all in Payments taktn. thorough going order. perfect con- dition, will give written guarantee, with etch watch for five years. Original Cost. Sale Price. La. el. £ P. d. . 310 0 English S leer. Verge 010 6 2 5 0 Silver Centre See:kinds 1 1 0 3 10 0 Silver Waltham Lever 1 10 0 5 10 0 English Silver Lever 2 2 0 3 10 0 Lady's Handsome Silver 1 2 6 6 6 0 English Sileer Lever 1 12 0

c...,rk PAIRS of MEN'S all Wool •0 ij Black Worsted TROUSERS, Payments taken. been worn about once, but certainly not more than twice. CoSt from 158. to 21s. per pair. Call and inspect these bargains, all at per pair S. 61).

BB SOLD, as a going concern, by order of the Itxecutors 1 brat-class PAWNBROKING end SALH BUSINNSS in main thorough`are. Established 40 years.—App!y J JUNES, 171, Windror-st., Liverpool.

A 000 D BATDAIit TO DB SOLD CHEAP. In /A. good condition. u 11,1stere.1 and hale cushion. guide to trent wheel which is It new one. On view. 15, Derby Now, Vu:carh Newton-le-Willows.

SCOTCH WHISICET.—Parties desiring really good „ Whiskey should send P.O. for-20s. for six bottles. Car- riage raid to tny part of England.—MarP.now and Co., Lockerble, N.B. Established 1525.

CANARIES• handsome yomyt liellovr and Marked Binis, tired from pr:ze, winners, splendid singing Cocks 2s. 91.. 3 fir 7s. 6d. ; Hens ls. safely p ...tied, Miss HAINES, Homer-. street. Balkan Meath, Worcestershire.

BUSINNS3.—To be Sold, stocic, goodwill. and fixturei of en old-establil,bed Stationer. Tobaceonlit and New- event business w.th a Post-office at .ebed.—Apply T. M. GIDBS, ttationer, Old Ifall-st. Lirerpnol.

TOHN LOWE, Fire and Thlei-proot SAFI IAKFE. h. ON 1.1 SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very chop WO to choose from. —3B, Albert-street. King-strect West, Manchester.

8 SOLD. Lancaster!' c.l.brated photographic 0,000 Cameras, Ix., for Amateurs or Profes- sionals. McßEst AGENCY is at 71, Oxford-st.. (All Saints'). Lists free. Second hand cameras taught or ex- changed.

KNIOXIMBOCHEIM mr.do from genuine Skye. and Iland-ma,e Highland Cheviots, being naturally water- proof.nre unrivalled for T...urlng, Fl•illing and Cycling Sixteci•n Shilliogs. To order only.—C. JUNDERLAND, 18, North John-street. Liverpool.

HOUB WORK.—WeII made hand knitted eoeks to order, best quality wol. 35. pen. pttr; shaals, best quality, FO t wool. 75. 6d., largest size. 105. ; handsome felt hassocks, worked in silks, nil colours, 7. (Pi.. carriage ',Md.-3115s GUMMY. Drierton Vienrage. Aylesbury.

DILES I 'PILES I All outward PILES nrtd In two or three days with BoDnrs PATENT OINTMENT. Testimonials from all ',arts Only one trial solicited.- Apply Mr. or Mrs. BODDY. Queen's tread Inn, Manchester-road. Bradford. Yorkshire. Boxes Is. each, by post Is. 10.

AUSEFUL EVCIPB for mothers. MclChinell's nursery lotion, so effectually destroys all vermin and nits, that a single application thoroughly cleans children's heads. Bottle. tent post free for Is. P.O • or I 3 3tamps.—WALl Irlt MCKINNt LL. 1. It ,ilway Approach. Clapham, London. S.W.

ALKEWS SPECIFIC FOE PILES.—A Certain. safe VT and speedy remedy. Beneficial to the gen, ral health. Cures conselpation. Invainatoe to ladies. In boxes, Is. d , and 2s. 9d., of most chemists by post 16.3 d. and 2s. lld —J. WALKER, Manchester Muse, St. Augustine's-read, Waltham.

OIiND DRAD.—Thottaands Lave been killed with Banford's Poison. ifund ed, of farmers that have mut it say it is tic I est pobon kntwn. as linty find a lot • f rate dead by using it. Post free is 2.1.. 25.. 31 bow. of 54111,1. and Son. tianoy, Bode. Bend stamp and try ft. bold by chemists.

rrOOTHACllE.—Corbett's K.N.D. will deatmy the nerve JI. in a hallow tooth at once; do not wait mtil the toot% begins to ache. and then waste two days In palrt while the remedy is sent for, hot keep a bottle r.nris, end stop the pain at once. Post tree la. 3J. Mention paper.. CotanT and Co., Kulbon, N. Wale.

ripENTBS TENTS I TRW'S: !--Sultal.le for (r en, 1 Cricket. or Camping-out rurposes. Forte feet in cir- cumference, pure linen. with pegs, poles. and lines com- plete. These tents are white, and have only been treed a little by her M jesty's Goreetiment, and coat over .28 esaii. I ssill .end one eoniplete for 30a. Cants sent on approval.— Ilitattr J. OASSON, Government Contractor, lye. Sussex..

NOTTINGHAM LACE CAPES.. SPLENDID SILK LACE CAPES 2s. 6u. AND .3a. EACH. Csrriage paid ; superior quality 5s lid-, worth 15ss fit end quality guarante..d. Beautiful white skirts, full size. trimmed deep lace, 2s. 61. ; trimmed with embroidery. 4..6,1., good value. Carriage paid. WM. COTTON', Dom and Lace Cur ain Manufacturer, Weekday Cron, NottinAhans.— Batablialied 50 years.

DU/HAM—lmportant Fn-eho'd d Family and Commercial HO rim; centre of city, c ese to principal railway station, and adjoining law courts markets, and wool exchange ; the hotel his been relently rebuilt, and this year furnished elaborately throughout ; the hotel contains bar, luncheon bar, dining, commercial, coffee. smoking, price*, and numerous bedrooms. large kitchen, range, and twonew lifts • the hotel is the best-patronized and most populav in Dublin ; there Is a large yard, laundry, outhousea, and stabl- ing ; irons pass the door ; the continued ill-health of the proprietress reluctantly compels the proprietor to aril ema a. a going concern.—Partianlars from! LAURENCE FLOOD, Man- chester and Provincial Hotel, Dubin.

AWARDED FIRST PRIZB MEDAL, Adelaide .11 Jubilee Exhibition, 1837, and Sydney Centenary Rxhit.itton. 1888. —TO PICTURB FRAIVIE MAKERS AND DECORATORS. Cheapest tfouse in London for English and Ecreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings —all the newest elesigna. Two million feet akvaye In Veneered and fancy nooe mouldings. etc. Picture frinies of every description, oleographs,Ac. Further reduction in prices. Wholesalo Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipping orders. Full partlaulars in pattern book and catalogue (t 5 pages 4to demy revised Nr 1891) for 3d. stamps.-11. kioavt.t. 17 and IS. Great St. Andrew-at.. Bloomsbury. fonder'. Telegraphic address "Rabbitry." London. Stock lists and prices of glass monthly, tree.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANY, LTD (Late John Nunnerley and Co.. Ltd.), BUILDERS' BIERCUANTS. ARPLY STATION, WARRINGTON, VELINHELL PEN11111(N, AND CANNARVON SLATES. CEMENT, LIME, DRAIN PIPES, FIRE BRIMS, TILES. and every other kind of Builders' Materials kept In atock at our Arpley Wharf, or lent by road. rail, or vessel to any Town or Port In the United Kingdom. SOLE AGENTS for the RUGBY PORTLAND CEMENT CO. I:telephone No. 19. Telegraphic Addreaa •* Arpley." Wigton

A BOON TO LADIES. CIOLLINS!S JIARVELLOUS FEMALE REMEDY. k.,/ The Surgeon aid forward Free of Charge, full PAR- TICULARS of a ItRAIEDY, whi h, during an extensive practice In Engtind and the Colonies, be has never known to fall In the most obstinate cases of OBSTRUCTION and IRREGULARITIES forward addressed envelope for full particulars, and waste no more time and money on useless Pills, and so-called Remedies, an.. Which. in the majority of cases, are nothing but PIEIRGIVES, and cause SICKNESS, PROSTRATION, and PAIN, without having the desired effect. Letters to be addressed to TUN SURGEON, GOTHIC HOUSE. LIVHIII.OO

CONTINUATION OF • REDUCTIONS. OF THE RESIDUE OF STOCK, AND AT PRICES THAT MUST COMMAND AN ENTIRE CLEARANCE AT THE TEMPLE OF ARTS FURNITURE ESTAB- LISHMENT, 164 atim 166, BRIDGE FOOT. weaunziraloN. • SIDEBOARDS. A few Spleadid Sideboards from 4 feet to 7 feet ata reduction of 15 to 25 per cent, from the plainly marked usual prices. BEDROOM SUITES. Bedroom Suites from ato £BO, amongst Lich are some very handsome Suite, In al- most every kind of Wood and decorated, at a reduction of 10 to 25 per cent, from the plainly marked usual prices. BEDSTEADS. Iron. Iron and Brews, and all Brats Bed- steads, at greatly reduced prices. CARPETS AND HEARTHRUGS, Carpets. Hearthrugs. Floor Cloths Lino- leum, Mattings, and Mate of every descrip- tion, and at very low prices. Beds and Mattresses of every kind made, and Bedding of all sorts. A 1 quality, and at prices that cannot fall 0 give satisfaction. CONTINUATION OF REDUCTIONS AT THE TEMPLE OF ARTS, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRING TON, R. W. MAllsii. ESTABLISIMD 1861. •

/Haan-nem, &r., on 'ait. „ TIMM FENCIMI, SHEEP and CATTLE HURDLE'S I Don't be mislead by special advertised offers, but before buying write for our Illustrated Catalogue. free on applica- tion. BAYLISS JONES & BAYLISS, Iron Fencing manufac- turers, Wolverhampton. London Office anti Showrooms, 1.39 111. Cannon Street. Londox. A 8-HORSE PORTABLE ENGINE for sale or hire.and all AL kinds of machlt.ery for sale.—Jonsßoxisma., Longford- street, Warrington.

1101 Bit SIIRLL TANKS.—Thr.e 30i. long by 7ft. dia. ; 1 two 281 t. long by 71t. dia. : ore 30ft. 9io. long by Wt. ; for prices MO particulbra appiy 'YATES AND Tsiosit, Cunal Foundry, Blackburn. •

I 0 0 MIA, a INV:3TO 1%711 a I If IsINNHAS ,DE LLS. TEA 1 HAMMERS, MILLING MACHINE. : PUNCHING and BENDING MACHINES., lc., realy--For list a pidly SCOTT ERO?.,

(IN SALT'', cheap, one 2-I—torae-nower compact VEA.TICAL A./ ENCilltin. suitable for chaff cuffing or chipped potatoe mashinir • also l-s.h wrot saddle cliculading BOILER, 3fl. by Zit. by 23 inches, beating power, 5 GU. 4ia. pipc.—Cutau.r.s COTroN, Scotland-road.

T. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS LIMITED (late Ormerod, Grierson, and Co. Limite6), Iftdine, Manchester. have the Largest. Assortment of 'WHEEL and PULLEY PAT. TER.NS in the trade. and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engin•eeing Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on app!! eatiou.—Telephone 229.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, Have In stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 1.1 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full partimiars on application.

pATHNT OFFICE, MANCHESTER, , ESTABLISHED z 1633. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have lxvi more than 40 years personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment. and possess practlettlistinaledgcof the cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," p,ice Is. GEORGE DAVIES. C.E.. & SON, F.1.P.A., 1.5. A.., 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

AWARDED OVER 370 PRIZE MEDALS. BRADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY - APPROVED LAUNDRY & DAIRY MACHINERY. COMPLETE OUTFITS FOR HAND AND STEAM POWER. Catalogues Free Correspondence Invited. THOMAS BRADFORD 3: CO.. 130, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL VICTORIA-AVENUE, MANCHESTER; Also SALFORD and LONDON.

El 5 130 e. 2Tirti: fnni.reenghtireßacolm6Ap.upueyr 2£7lonr`. zienr Lee!: tiß Materliester.

ANY RESPECTABLE PERSON who is in want of money holiki apply So the under-rneutioned. Sums of £3 up- wards advancerd at a few lumrs notice. Strictest privacy observed wlr ther money advanced or not. IntereAt and repayn ents at a tow rate. Ap, ly, hi strictest confidence. psrsorsally or by letter to:—W. B. MORKWOOD, 60, New Cross-st , St. Helen% or 94, Whin s-rnarl, Widnes.

A LADY HAVING. CAillt at her dlspos .1, i 5 open to make Temporary Ca h Advances of RS end upwards. In con- fidence. to rempectatle houset olders. wh, wish to avoid the usual unplea,alitn..ea atul routine of a loan office; no sureties are asked for, and habitual horrowers need not apply._ Apply personalty. or by letter, Mrs. MOREWOOD, 94. W.dnes- W.dnes.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANCED. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from RIO upwards on BORROWERS OWN PROMISSORY NOTE wrritour SURETIES. UpwPrds of £70,000 now being lent annually. For prospectus and' terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy-st., Manchester. ESTABLISHED 1870. WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. mil. JOHN 11. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES FUIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working men, an.) all respectable Hcaseholders, on their own security. Mi:INEY TO INCREASE YOUR fiTtiOX. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. , MONEY 'TO PAY 'RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondanten..without delay, without Dublin enquiry, on your simple written pr.:..7015e to pay back.—Apply et VIC- TOiII A CHAMBERS (toot of the Central Station). WIDNES, and in WAREINGTCN at my Residence, 134: Orford-lane, any Evening twin 6 t 17. Applications from RuNcoRN anti District generally receive precisely tbe same attention.

_- MONEY, MONEY, MONEY. (.1 LOA.NB£So TO ROUU. May be had on day of application. If it Is inconvenient to call, all letters will have our prompt attention. If you want to Start in Builness. If you want to Purnia your House. If you want to Pay your Debts. If you wan to Increase your Stock. If ,sou want to Pay your Rent. Repayments to suit Borrowers. Strictest privacy guaranteed. NO Dills of Sale. No Sureties. No Fines. No Lotto Office routine.—Apply to 11. N. AV RE E 8, DURNING ROAD, off Warertree Road, EDGEHILL. LIVERPOOL Near LONDON & NORTH-WRSTRUN RAILWAY STATUES.

Oaltolwßuction. Telephone: No. 55. ROBERT LO WE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, OFFICES —Market Gate Chambers, ward:vox. Aucrics Roows—No.J. sank Street • AGENT vo—Sun Fire and Life °face, Lotidon, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Asscciatian. Established 1666. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Associttion Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boiler Insurance Company, Linaed. Established 1864.

TO BS SOLD BY AUCTION By • TR. THOMAS surToy, on WEDNESDAY SEPT. 11l 6th, at 430 o'clock at the LION -HOTEL. TON, 111050 Two Di°lera VILLA RRS DE NOBS, Nos. 9 and 11, Museum-st., wa stneton, occupied by Messrs. Venn and Palin. lie,d for the Residue of a term of 939 years, less four days from 1877. Yearly groand rent, £l2.—Forturther par- tit:Wars apply to the AUCTIONEER, Legh-sr., Warring!on, or to 11. J. LONGTON, Salleitor, 15, Upper Bank-at.. Warrington.

APPLETON IN THE COUNTY OF crit.srm. VALUABLY: FREEHOLD LAND 1101'SE AND COTTAGES. TO BE SOLD B: A. OTION by ESSRS. JOHN- SIAINWARING & CO. At the .1.1.1. Bate Dell I. n, Iforaemarket-st.. Warrington, on WEDNESD y, the Oh day o.•Ser,tember, IS9', at four for live o'clock in the afternoon, subject to c maidens to be then produced. LOT that PREBHOLD DIVELLINGHOUSE, out- buildings and garden situate in Pepper-at., App'eton, In the County of Chester, on thereat side of the highway leading to Appleton Thorn called or known as '.ll.fi as View" aid in the occupation of Mrs.' Garner its tenant thereof. The site of this Lot contains 994 square yards of land or therenb uta, LOT 2.—A1l those S SVEN FREEHOLD COTTAGES (one of which Is used as a s. op) with the on: buildings and gar- dens taw' ein Pepper-at,, Appleton, aforesaid. atjolning Lot 1 and in tbe respective occupations of Richard Holeroft, John Heesom, Mrs. Percival, Mrs. Walmesley, Joseph Leech, William Lea. and Thomas Fnrber The site of this lot con- tains 1703 square yards of land or thereabouts, nod has a frontage to the highway of 119 feet Cr thereahout The purchaser of this Lot will be entitled t.a a right of way from the highway to the rear of the cottage over the roadteleng- leg to Lot 3, coloured yellow on the Oat: to be produe_ 7 at he Aerie. LOT 3. —All those THREE FREEHOLD COTTAGES AND WORKSHOP with the OUTBUILDINGS and -GARDENS, situate in Eepper-street. Appleton aforea id, and arijo'ninE Lot 2. and In the respeetive ocritt Won of Mr. James Knowles, Samuel Clark and Robert Roughsedge. The site ot this lot contains 2,031 sq are yarda of land or thereabout A right, of nay over tne road oieurel eliowon the plan to be nroduced at the tale to t. e rear of Lot 2, will be reserved to fhe Purchaser of that, Lot. For further particulars and to see Plan apply to the auc- tioneers, or te Messrs. GREENALL and BUCKTON, Solt, i tors, Warringt-n.

litcprits, fa.ssotriterS, &r. tI 4 _ —Pnetunatic BICYCLE, new !est a.mon. cost EEG, , . first-clan etindltlon. Owner giving up Tidbit:. Bargain—Offrr Tunable:ed. 11 apd 13 lilnover-e.,LiTerpool.

litp —Very Strong SAFETY BICYCLE, Silver- cr.,ll. town pneumatic tyres, Lall bearings, plated parts, all acee,scries, mul be scld.—F. CIoWLETr, 121, London- rowl, Live,-1 out.

SA FETI ES ! SAFETIES ! ! SAFETI P:S ! ! Write. for most complete List In the Trade. Post Free, con- Over 500 New and Second-h tiff Machines ,nll of the latest patterns. Machines irons 253. heapest and rest in the World. Trade stippfled 5 per cet,t. cheaper than other makers. Large Li at Post Free. W. It. WARIIILOW, REGENT CYCLE worms. WESION-5 UPE tt-MA RE.

REPAIRS! REPAIRS!! WARRINGTON CYCLE ORES, WILDERSPOOL CROSSING. ALL EINDS OP REPAIRS TO CYCLES EXECUTED WITH DEiI'ATCH. Terms moler,te.

MASON'S CYCLE CO.. LTD. 71. RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. THE BEST MACHINES. yarn PNEUMATIC TYRES, PROM £ll 118. EACIi. REPAIRS A SPECIALITY, A. MASON. MANAGER. NOTE NEW ADDRESS. SPECIAL NOTICE I-FOR ONE MONTH ONLY, AUGUST SIR, TO SEPTEI6DIIII2xo, • GREAT CLEARANCE, SALE OF SURPLUS STOCK Or DAS NETTES, MAIL CARTS, Ac., at ENORMOUS REDUC (10S. An oppoltunlty whlell st,ould not 1.,,,1tfi55e4.1. Please Note the ONLY AD vicKs.i— WILLIAM ASHTON, 74, SANKEY-ST., (Corner of Legli-st.), WARRINGTON.

BELSIZE, 'WELL'S. WHITWORTH'S, TRENTS, REFEREES. HUMBER and SYSITER. CRYPTO'S, COVENTRY' wipss, GROSVFNORS. STARS. and maker of the celebrated HARDIE CYCLES. The largest Stock in the North to select from. Rvery machine warranted for 12 months. Cycles made and repaired on the 'remises. Solid. tyred Safeties convertegl into oust& ns from 30s. The trade supplied and agents appointed. CALL end SIGH HARDIE'S HUMBER-PATTERNDIA- MOND FRAIIR 1893 (Dunlop or other Pnewrnatic Tyres) weight from 3011,5., or .210 10s. Warranted for 12 mouths. r Cycles supplied on the easy payment system. IFIMIDIE, Cycle Factor, 80, Renshaw-at_ LCrer- pool, and 288 and 293. Regent-road. Satter&

THE (1 RUDGE LEADS ALL kiYCLES. IT IS THE CYCLE FOR. LIG/I'MM, STRENGTH, GRACEFULNESS, *ND NRCHANICAL BEAUTY, Polly elttipped It is the we ther defying mount of the tourist. ; stripped., the lightning cycle of the road reties. Can be had on the easy payment system, orgood terms for emit. send for Price Lfstfree. and give your order at once to save delay, to the largest aud oldest cycle firm in tile world. HUDGE• CYCLE CO., LTD. 101. BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL

CYCLISTS. DON'T BUY RUBBISII with fancy names, end made of common metal or gas-piping They arc only made to Ink at. not to ride. Many hare found, this true, to their sorrow, and a lighter pocket daring the last season. Buy a Reliable Mount from the Manufacturer, made of the Best Weldlees Steel, Guaranteed, you then _ SAVE AORNTS PROFIT And obtain 0..3'133dr:1 Discount yourself. Sena for List. or Call and Inspect our Stock. Relurn Fare allowed to Liverpool to Purchasers. Our Machmes cannot be surpassed for theginality Excellence and True, worthiness, and can be had on our new GRADUAL PAYMENT GIRTEM. nAND VALUE. DUNLOP PNEUMATIC DIAMOND FRAME SAFETY Ell us. OD; QUADRANT CC LE DEPOT, 69, BOLD-STREET, LIVIIRPOOL.

, NET 1 CHEAP COAL. NET CASH, HANK QUAY COAL DBPOT CASII, I BdPercwt" T. HALToN & Co., &I per cwt. TO COAL MERCHANTS, TO 1 FACTORY LANN COAL YARD, WA pr cwt. WARRINGTON. INI prowl Nora.—•.VINTER PRICES. IMMEDIATE DELIVERY

Eo be ?Lei. pENKLITIL—Cood 81x-roomel Cottage; garden if re- quired.—Ai ply- T. KELSALL, Dank House Farm, Pen- k et h.

10 BR LET, at Weston Point. a large arci commodious Dwelling House, with large garden, bath-room, &c.; rent moderate.—Apply Mr. A. BolcravneK, Waterloo-road, Wicinep.

ITUYTON (one minute from sta ion).—Tobe let a detached 1_ Villa containing on ihcgroondfl,or two enterta'ning rooms, kitchen, lerv. and butler's pantry ; four bedrooms. Irith. and w C. Rent £3s.—Apply to Jacob:ll'M, LIEN. grocer Huy-ton.

P-110 LET, at Michaelmas next, TUB PRIORY FARM, .1. Turvey, Beds.. about 250 acres, 90 acres of which Is very good Grass Land, and the remsinder good Corn and Root Land. The house Is a superior dwelling, and the Farm Buildings are extentdre and in good oider. The Farm ad- joins the railway station, and is 5/ miles from Be.- ford and 15 from Nortiumpton on the Midland Railway. Rent, £250 per year.—To view, apply S•l'd JOWETT, Agent, Turvey.

13dlirationY. EEN WHO ARE WEAK should read the hest and i most valuable avork on ATROPi•Y and VARICOCELB, by M.D , Ch M . with special eilapters on the explanation of vital secrets and he certain CURF: cf. Pr OSTRATION, DIKRIL/TY and DECA.Y. The purest guide in essential matters. Post rree, 2d.—Address " SI.TRUEON," Copford Lodge, Brighton.

FREE TO MEN. When yen are tired of taking oaoSeoll.9 and mysterious privet iptions and compounds. which do you nn good, but only ruin Tour digest iVP organs. write to me and! will send 3,,t1 a book wh,ch describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN cure ter lost strength. wasting weakness, tic., from whatever cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Sent in env .lone on receipt of two stamps for postage. —A, J. LEIGH, 92-93, Great Russell-street, London, W.C.

T 110 MAS LEA, DONFECTioNED AND WHOLESALE BREAD BAKER CHURCH-STREET, RUNCORN, Begs to Inform hie numerous patrons that he has just opeed, as a Branch Establishment, the Shop, 38, HIGII-STREET, RUNCORN, with high class confectionery and fancy hreads. Orders will receive prompt attention.

COLLIER'S BREAD ' Is prepared from CAREFULLY SELbefED FLOUR, Produced from the FINEST CALIFORNIAN WHEAT, Carefully made by Experienced Bakers, is ABSOLUTELY PURE, And delivered daily to all parts of Runcorn and District. Orders to be left at 6, Church-at. The Largest Trade in Town. Over 2,400 Loaves sold every week. WALTER COLLIER,' 6. CHURCH-STREET, • RUNCORN.

ESTABLISHED 1870. HANKINSON AND SON, AERATED WATER MANUFACTURELti, • RUNCORN. Among their Specialities are REAL OLD-FASHIONED BREWED GINGER BEER, In Stone Bottles. 70LAKONE, containing the stimulating and sus- -lainingproperties of the Kola Nut. Beneficial to Athletes. BREWED 110 P ALE (Non-Intoilcating). QUININE TONIC WATER, a Delicious Drink and a Splentil I Restorative. SODA WATER, guaranteed to contain the reqedred - quantity of Soda-flicarbonate. IN CORKED OR PATENT BOTTLES. SIPHONS SUPPLIED. T_T ANKINSON and SON guarantee their _L. Drisks to be Free from all injurious contam- inations, being perioehezelly subjected to a strict n 'psis. Their Aerated -Waters are of the Highest Quality, and cannot be excelled. -

rrIIF, ONLY RELIABLE DISINFECTANT for 1 prevention of Smallpox. Fevers. Ac.. is CALVERT'S No. 5 CARBOLIC ACID. The quality now adopted as the STANDARD DISINFECTANT by the Russian. German British and Indian Governments. Sold in is. and Is. 6d. Bottles, 2s. 6d„ its. end 6s. 6d. Tins by most chemists, &C. F. C. CALVERT AND CO., MANCHESTER. Award( d 60 Gold and Silver Medals and Diplomas.

D.IL SCOTT'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS The Safest Medicine. DR. SCOTT'SDims . .1 Dare Indigestion, mid Wind. 1)R. SUOTT.S plus Cure Nervous Depression. DR. 8 -1 COTT'S pus DRSCOTT'S pus Restore the Appetite. . D S Purify the Blood. , R. -I COTT'S DI L f,S -a_ Strengthen the Whole System. DR. sccars paLLBThe Beet Family Medicine. 1)11. scorrs PILLS . Mild but Effectual. FIR. SCOTT'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS. 1i..." Are wrapped In a square gro.r. package. bearing the name of the proprietor, W. LAMBERT 173, Seymour Place, London, W . by post, for 14 or 34 stamps.

ero 5 S: -REMAINING STOCK AT VERY LOW NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED. 410 ate JOSICPiI S. GARLAND, ive IRONMONGER, _ WARRINGTON. MEDAL DIETETIC TEAS. sPtaIALLY RECOMMENDED TO DYSPEPTICS, I" R eat boon to .any who have been denied the use of other teas by their Medical Advisers. ' HENRY MILLING & co; LTD. WARRINGTON. LOcAL _NEWS. •

x' M willET DT tUr 110MOCEA neutralizes —, RECOLLECT aga. ~....41/4.*".., the poison of sting: ~..,..,.A.- "HOMOCEA" trripftv••.% , at once. 4,1„ex.p.,. . f 4" * ' 4.4 '4 \ meautb_ido nu e sa:_.dinZstaallina; s irritation at once. A441.);"4' .21ZirlleNo Wasps, Gnats, / 17:..4 'lll2 Midgets or other in- -441.13, w o n.d.eo.ri :f ut.lmaillt..u:u 4 :,e * . 'lz. I'd and 11/444._ " 2s. 9d. per Box, i of all Chemists, Or Post Free from the Homocea Co., 21, Hamilton Sq., Birkenhead.

, f _ , a ) , it.. , el, Ilk el kv • 344 a Cow, Moti_E!,..

—said the little tyke, with a sigh, at terll'ai' 55.1 fother sultry day. "Why Tommy 1 " "Ca illisi teacher told us as how a cow's got seven sturinn 2.i an' I wish I'd got seven tummies too, ate I'd 'em all with this here Tea—'tis so nice.' Tommy's mind wandered away to the seven rilas' 411i,1 which he had counted on the lean cow grazing 'II iliy,°i the school lane, and which, he felt sure, Inn.° be 'eel4.4 o, the seven sections. th, No wonder the little boy' loved that Tea, for it 'was Brooke, Bond's celebrated 1/8, svhich Ilia '4'4l mother had bought from our agent in the village i 0 shop. And the best thing you, too, can do ii buy a pound of it, for the good people Of. tb: 1i54 North, old and young, are agreed that there.' Liti,l nothing so refreshing on these hot, dusty daYS a 5 il bt tltv a good brew o' Brooke, Bond's Tea out o' tbe lik; 1 ift old brliwn pot. Half-a-pound costs only 15. t 6d., 7d., Bd., zod., 1/-, 1/2 or z/4. A 40k, By kind permission of the Artist, we have liq copied the productive cow which Tommy drew upon b:s 210. ity slate after tea. 41 Brooke, Bond ISt Co., Limited' 14,1'st, , THE LANCASHIRE TEA WAREHOUSES— Apfl 1%1 17, PICCADILLY, 'et MANCHESTER. 41, ' 29, MARICET STREET`, } _.....' 2 4A

.....MANWIQPI

ESTABLISHED 1851. BIRKBECK BANK, Sontherapten Buildings. Chaneery Lane. Loudon. TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed on IHIPOCITS. repayable on d,mand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, on the minimum monthle balances, when not drawn blow £lOO. STOCES, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purchased and sold SAVINGS DEPARTME3T. For the encouragement 0/Thrift the Bank receives small sums on deporlt,and allows Interest monthly on eadoconspleted £l. BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCkETY HOW To PURCHASE A Hinam, • FOlt TWO GUISESS PER SONTH, BIRKBECK FREEHOLD AND SOCIETY NOW TO PURCHA•4I4 A PLOT OF LAND FOR FITE SHIRDINGS PER MONTH. • Ole BIREEECK ALMA NA CK , with full particulars. roAt free FRANCIS RASENSCHOFT, Manager.

How Lost! How Regained I Invaluable Remarks for Young and Middle. Aged Men. , TN -„} _ OF 4-170iNv l'":".t4rWf KNOW THYSELF. Or SELF-PRESERVATION. A little work in brief am NERVOUS and PHYSICAL DEBILITY, ERRORS Of YOUTH, EXHAUSTED VITALITY, PREMATURE DR.:- CLINE, and all ACQUIRED DISEASES, and WEAr- NESSUS OP MAN, their CAUSE and CURE. FIVE MINUTES spent in the perusal of this litt'e honk willl teach the reader more than five days spent in any book: written on this subject, because the books written on thin subject are so full of mystery, what with Latin phrases and fancy words, that it Is impossible for anyone to inalm any sense of them, excepting those who have had really a tirYt- glass education; and they are but little tmderstoed by any excepting the persons who wrote them. This little work will be found brief, precise & void of unnecessary read ingrind will meet tally with the requirements of the times inasmuch as it M extracted from the FOOLS Ir • DA,,Dok.n7 rer "2 • "- ' entit ed— u v 1v406--, ALL SHOULD READ IT. It there Is no cause for treatment it should prove a safeguard to the inexperienced and instructive to the WISE; consequently IT CONCERNS you sent nt der COVER and SEALED, for Three Penny Stamps. Address—OouLD's LABORATORY, Biadford, Yorkshire. ADVICE. FREE NT LETTER. ADVT. COPTAIO /I I

.1&. war 144.1- 3Eal Stout People made thin.Nv tving the SELWyMyr.p. TONIC CUBE A SEAWEED Will reeuee weigh P are y , 141htl. in a month. FailurgniMpossible. Many thousands of genuine testimonials. The.:.reatment, 2s. M , Pent privately. Mr. SELWYN. Bloomsbury Mansians, London, W.C.

"FOR THE BL-OD IS THE "am" „cm*. 4 • • - sre-Atc:vi. harr op 4, 111 -) LOOD PURIFIER AIM R E STO Et ER warranted to cleanse the blood from all Impurities, from whatever C.lllbo arising For Scrofula, -ciirvy Eczema, Skin Kilti B.ood Diseases, Pi.vples, and Sores of all kinds. its eff..,et, are marvellous. It is the only real speelfl, for a-sot and dlietimat in Pains, for iisregnoves the cause from the blood ini.l bones. Thotoands of, Testinionials . In bottles 2s. 91. and 11-. each, of all Chemists. sent for 33 or L.M stamps by Pro prietn.s. LINCOLN AND*MIDLA.ND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY, LINCOLN. lIEWARE CO WORTHLESS IMITATIONS.

IF ITS OR EPILEPSY, GlnniNnss, SBNSATIONS, FAINTS. I will demonstrate to the whole world how that most dreadful of all complaints, "Epilepw," which las ben' hitherto contidered inoureile, can be permmently cured (without th. chance of failure) Write with full llOpe an I. confidence to the "Secretary," Burwood House, Durwood Place. Hyde Park, London. He will send you, " (Amiga," full instructions for c .re, and advice on diet. • •

ONE POUND ,

BROOKE, BOND dr Co. Think of the millions of men, women, and chit* dren in our teeming land and then realise that Brooke, Bond & Co. supply one out of every thirty in those myriads with Tea. THAT FACT IS TliE BEST PROOF OF VALUE. WE DO NOT FEAR COMPETITION, and we court comparison, for our position is impregnable. WHY? BECAUSE we buy for " cash " and sell for " cash " many million pounds of Tea every year; so we can sell and do sell every pound for the smallest profit. We deal in TEA ONLY. It is plain indeed that a firm which devotes all its attention to Tea alone must give the Public the best possible value in Tea.' Our gigantic business has been established twenty-three years, our reputation is so high, and we have altogether so much at stake that we are-thus bound by the best and surest of all guaran • tees to do the utmost possible for tk...e Public and for you. WILL YOU NOW TRY THE TEA ITSELF? It is sold in One-pound, Half-pound, and Quarter- pound Packets. Each Is preparedand sealed by us at our own Warehouses, and bears our Signature and celebrated Trade Mark of the double-triangle or six-pointed star. OUR AGENTS draw their supplies constantly from us, and they sell exactly the same Tea at the same prices as at our celebrated warehouses. 1/2,•1/4, 1/8, 2/-, 2/4 or 2/8 per lb. WE ARE GLAD to receive applications for Agencies in this District from energetic trades- people. Selling our Tea is already a regular annuity to thousands of enterprising men and women. BROOKE, BOND, & CO., LIMITED,, 17, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER, AND AT LEEDS, BRADFORD, AND LONDON.

MANUFACTURERS OF DECORATIVE AND ART FURNITURE.

IuI.R.JO }INS or:Vk 14 [3.rittEtigg,g4ol 4:. Q,I4,MA t Ls; -1-„imFmNGrNwr peg. 4 - - BY PATENT MACHINERY

FRANCIS Id oittroN AND COMPANY, LIMITED, HAMILTON IRON WORKS, GARSTON, near Liverpool, imite Inquiries and Refereqee to their NEW CATALOGUE. FENCING AND GATE DEPARTMENT. F.M.st Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE es IRON FENCES, now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad. is being continually Improved upon to meet extended requirements, and complete informa- tion is supplied on Application. RAILINGS For PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, &o. ORNAMENTAL HIGH-CLASS GATES, TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, Mansions, Villas, sico. STRONG FIELD GATES, FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS, &e. HURDLES NETTING AND AND TREE GUARDS! WIRE WORK. CONTINUOUS BAR IRON FENCING, Fitted with F.M. & Co.'s Self-Looking • LONDON OFFICE : 17, VICTORIA ST., Westminster, S.W.

JU NO CYCLES. VBRYIEST, ILLUSTRATED LISTS POST FREE. 0....::: fie:Lite: isao jp.ll(;efFoiroa: :TEEARSvYs:,.:-JHE ' : '. JUNO' lightwadsterjongaue ~. ‘ . ‘.. ---.:' ' . .• Safeties. n3doxiomptroadvyn'as Safety and Youth's ~....-..--. ', lII* ipp it.V ii." '''' f(titi, ion and Solid Tvres ellErt •... - 50 patterns. £8 to £3 I. OT CASWOI.S. 10% &.'CARRIAGE PAID in immense variety. Repairs. Estimates Free. METROPOLITAN MACHINISTS' CO., LTD. 75 and 76, Bishop/wide Without, London, B.C. N.B.—Every JUNO guaranteed.

JUST TRY THE GRAND MRDWINE. AGRIPPIN Is FREE FROM POISON. It is a most wonderful discovery and has never yet failed to CURE any new Rash ou the Skin or anyone hot and feverish, which are signs of &person beginning with Measles or Sesrlet Fever or Smallpox, a fe d,ses of Agrlppin cures like magic. A GRIPPIN CURES ERYSIPELAS, with only - a few doses It makes the skin very ed and pain- ful ; also It cures very quickly any p sinful Inflammation whatever ; or InfluenZA, or Cold in the Head. AGRIPPIN CURES SORE CHESTS very quickly, and should not be neglected, because it is aenerally the beginning of Inflammation of the Lungs "Pneumonia "which is very dangerous. AGRIPPIN CURES when all.other remedies have failed, blood poisoning, blood disorders, dropsy, pleurisy, pains n the side, back and loins, liver cd:np afro's, bites or animals, bronchitis. shortness of breath, and neuralgia. EGLI) BY JOSEPH BIDDY. Grocer, St. James's-,t,eet, Latehford. Prepared only by T. 1:1-1ORSTER, PATENT MEDICINE VENDOR. E A LES TOW N, LANCASHIRE.

--;--ra<:::):1P.:-7;'-' \'•\ , 1 ":--1: ,1 l: ' ,-7—: I A:.IV,' 7; , .i:'.;,..7/l':‘T:11‘ 1 / q ~ ...(,,„ E.4,"..i°t1 1 51 Iff" ' ' '''''' ' '' . ,‘l/4.... ‘.:B EIS!' id f':l 71..LK1C t" le. :-• 4- 4). -•— - 4,1 \l'l. ' . ; _::- •,•, 'i ..,.. .; ~ „;:;:,..,,,r.,,f„.•;',1,1,,,, ...4.',.. ...- c.A. , ~,5.,„:,•;,z.,,,,,,r.":, -, ----,., c,.- ---; ,--AT a ..._;,,...• ctocmsri _44 1 ,1 '___47.--. • ' ./ ';;;:(qe;* i''ti.*. it ' :..: • •'' -- '‘'', '. • . •-• .11 --.. : ieg°44-. ii. /-41 _ . ",, 1, .4 • .1. ~,......... ,k ..:. .. 1' 5 ' • •"7 ..- , i .. : 'r• f.P::,.„...„, •.4 - ...., ...... ~, .. 11111 • • .: •• ...... . W tit / ii, ~.....1. • i 4'5, .. . ..." • $ • P"? •.+4 .-•.4)•• a.. e .• • *.-: ... ''• .' . as - V - 9'.1 il-L". ..,. • . -r::- '.... -:.'" ••• .• .—• . , ..„„,....-• - ) .... ..4...,‘ . • . • 4 ---h . . - • - - - - -... -,...• . t- - - -,-_---__ . -_, ,I,Nrinisao • ..)t' e - ~it. ~o• •1t0rimmi.0.0‹,...,, ..-........-... ET

, • • 2 " , • - :41" • - ; ".

a u"-* ;:a'' , • " / '.,, 1 ,3. • 4 ~,,,,it ~,, ,_ .., -..re . . . ........---- 8E GIVEN DURING 1893 TO Full Particulars , itk BoNUS TO ALL USERS OF VENUS SOAP, For 120 Wrappers, Time Piece "°' 2' 41n. Dial w Picture ill be sent. On each Wrapper. ' re of the Statue For 200 Wrappers, Timepiece No. 2. ina. Dial will be sent. VENUS DE MILO, For 250 Wrappers, Timepiece No. 3. Ole. Dial will be sent. For 400 Wrappers, a Oentieinan's 1 Handsome I will be sent. For 25 Wrappers. and For 500 Wrappers, a Ladies _Keyless Watch will be seat. For 40 Wrappers 1,, Haatsome Gat Frame. •

11.-

.$ S • H 1 7N G POWD ERS,' ])R CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN JSE OVER. FIFTY YEARS.

"JOHN ST E EDM AN y CHEMIST, WALWORTH; SURREV is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

HLG L. Py PILLS .& OINTMENT . Are acknowledged by A to be The Bes.t. Medicines for Family Use:.. MANUFACTURED ONLY AT 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON. • Ad Soltl.by all illetl;thJe r(othirs th,otighout the Trosltl. Advicn Grath, AD the above addrcas, duily, between the hour* cf 11 and 4, or by lettet.

, , \,,,, VEN —itic. ,---- \ u OYA , ___, „,,,,,, , a 91. Supreme in Quality, -..-_, ~. ,_,/,/,nl-4;41," \ \ ,\.\,\ 'i‘ipui Unique in Flavour. -, 01.6,0, - -,.., , _ • k , r:'..--/.7,„%:-,4ofiest‘W\'‘:.* \:;,-3%." ~. \ 4 ;,,,,,;,-4,),;;;00" , 6,4\V , ~,›.....---;" ‘• \ ' ''' - ' 41tp./ ----...0, 0 :* \.O 00' ,-". ?• \ \`\\ \ y \ "*•`‘' 1,0 \ ' •' & les>"l, :' *7'-'. ." \ \ ,ocx,\(: ~‘,-416,„-(i1:,,,,,,,r0rt.,,, ,_\ • \ ~,,,,...t",O \1—tk1a...t,,,,,-,s\A;;),,":,....0,...--4 . „,..,-- ; • Vs° sk . , •••., i --;;;-:- *l----',.- \j, ' __/---- ••• ' ----::::4( - ' \,,,,, ‘44, sN \ .`,,,i'' 1.°°4,/. -f4YI'AV.'- -',',o".k' • f'-' \ \ A... ' / ~,,,..4"P'qi7 /iNT."'-',, . \, '` ,•,.y"--, `-."';,•,;'. \to \ '‘.14.9:///402.--?: Sold. by \ 'AS /44,,-Nr. <,/, 7, 4 4,• ----- „.•••• , , ..,/..-0..,,,,,.; \'‘ 's s* ' \\ :?",,4",;/,':;,',1\4/ ii.--17"-:,------::4• the leading i / 1//7 ~,?:: ~..44,-E, '; - A Rest for the tired, CROCER \ \ fi',...4 ," :1,-o'l. ~,-. ~,, - Joy for the Strong. a;strict 4:To 1,,, a 1.1.70i86 IN PacKETS. ...,,,..p..4,40 it. E'.,- ip le A c, ~.. IT .k._ es.At EVERYBODY CAN GET IT FROM:— A. E. A. SMITH— BOWDON...HOUSEHOLD STORES SUTTON OAK BLAIR Azip CO. Buttermarket-street (corner of ' CO., Oxford-Rd. ST. HELENS M. BOHAN. Academy-street) •, end 41, Win- CROFT' ...JAMES UNSWORTH, JUN. TILSTON J. WILLETT. wick-street, WARRIN,iTi)K. i EARLESTOWN T. AICLYNEUX. TA7TENIIALL G. MORGAN 31, Mersey-road. WIDNES; AND I MIDDLEWICH W. RIMSEY. TRANMERE...II. A. BUROESS & 39, Market-st., EAKLESzFOWN. MARPLE W. BB ADBURY. CO., 28, Church-Rd. ACTON BRIDGE ...A. C. AIOULTON ROCK FERRY .W POPKINSON, WIDNES R. WEBSTER BE ITESFIELD, Near IVllitchorch 96, 98,, Bedfoid-Rd. WIGAN H. LITAIERLAND. J. L HUXLEY. , LIVERFOOL .:. GENERAL SUPPLY ASSOCIATION, 17„ COLQUTMSTREET. List of Local Agents now completing, and will be published here regularly, Applications for the Sew remaining vacancies to he uddresseci to the Proprietors of" VEMOYA " TE‘, 1.3 3nd 20, Camomile-street„Loadon, E.O Only one Agent, who must he a leading Grocer, will LI appointed for each neighbourhood. _ EE A 4qt. rt n ril!evor t, ACO ,FAII4IIIII Nilwg-t OMEST9 WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and V red need to a more simple form. Take some goo,l comy.ou od such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we Thad that the desired end may he obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious com- partments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but cocKLE's PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down 8,3 the best.—Obrover. C Ai :r. .. 1 lip C K •,„ IR EE Fh O.V MER CUR Y. k• • - AN T 1 ..'.•).,, I L. ..,,,, ~... 1 ~,. US 01 PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. P I .:',. , L S ii. , , FOR BILE. LIVER, ACIDITv, INDIGESTION, &c.

11°_ . :, 4' • -111 E !ISH .4XNENI IRISH CAMBRICILF2 POCKET Guaranteed all pure flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 211 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN COLLARS. Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars, 5/6 per dozen made special to pattern. al per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9. 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen._ DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6-per dozen. IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yards square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 40. per yard. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, I/11 per yard SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. • IRISH DRESS-LINENS, FOR SUMMER AND EVENING WEAR. IRISH TVPED all Pure Wool. Unsurpfissed for strength, Durability, I. and Style. Please say if for Ladies' or Gents' wear. Patterns Free by Return of Post. ALL PARCELS OVER 20!- CARRIAGE PAID. R. HUTTON a CO., LARNE, BELFAST

. . i c , , .. '7,-.!-, _____.....es:s,l ~z,.-:..)._._....... leleir/t . Waffez eo., • atti.ifie 63-riviez, ..,........ 44 i, " dzanti:rier " OPe, . ,q?Parrilly fey. .. z,. NEW TYPE. IiEW ORNAMEJITS.

AND LITHFRApHy

rrs,S GRATEFUL COMF.ORTINO', BREARFA.ST OE SUrrtli Co I: 0 A Eurrarra WATER OA - TEETH. T -T

4 1 *'..ordinary notices of Births, Marriages, and Da.ths, ; sorted free of charge. Marriages or Deaths ada? tb,;(lo# 0114, „ "No Cards," or any addition to the liegistrarsl 4; notice, are charged One Shilling and Sixpence, If prelM, , announcements on credit, Two Shillings and SLTP.....'—'ll,"' such announcements must be authenti.mted bY and address of sender. MARRIAGES. va, WIIITTAKfiIi —UK FNA.—At Warmb7d, Great ' South Africa., 12th July, 1893, Walter Whittaker, youngest son of the late Joseph WiAttalcor. of Wart • Lancashire. to Sopitia Maria Mkena, spinster.„n nor"dr- dait.ilder of W.B.Ukena, Bsci ,of Ntidah,Grcat Meto' South Africa. DEA.TITS. If UXT.—August 24th, at 23, liopwool-street, D"-- 76 ye re. White" WfliTE.—ugUlt 19th, at 14, King-street, A.-ce cida, years. CROFT.—August 21st, at Zigeworth-street, Wdl 6 75 years. 10°' JAMES.—Anust 22nd, at 70, Chorley-street, Ulf years. 80 PHOENIX.—August 22nd, at Factory-yard, Batik Qasl' beth Phoenix, 53 years. N ORM AN.—August 24th. at Factory-lane, Bank Qus- ' Norm .n, 45 years Sinfl GALDWELL —At Blackpool, on.the 16th lost ,ed by Caldwell, of 210, Longford-st., Warrington, ••• years.

_ EMORIAL CARDS, ocialt, CIRCULARS, BILLIIEADS, MEMORANDUMS. , !landbills, Window 81113, Posters, and printing 0' ati S• ixecuted with neatnefib mid despatch hs• Jo)11 I.,he Borough Press 34, Bridge-atreet, Wurrhur

THE MANCHESTER • , T, TAILORING CLOTHING P° ' G L. . 1:0•-%4 ' 8 & 10, 110 BSEMARKET-ST , wmourra .0., ARE SHOWING the LARGEST -RAN GES of All ii El ' 6 MAKES of CLOTHS for MOURNING Itil,re3„6o' , WORSTEDS, SERGE, VI TINNASJ.LAMA E on TO M SUITS READY MADRAS'"IgEP' - at short notice for MEN, YOUTHS and BOYS S . Well made and thoroughly reliable.

go, Sop Narrington.—Printed and Published by Jona ssYAr ; at The Examiner General Printing Works. r and Published also at The EXaminer Offieee, Rexene • and 33 Market-street. maut ve EsTol•--.' 2.6, . • /Ws_ co_ RN 32, Cieoge-a Atralf WIDNES ; High-street, 1

J

I
