===== 0002601_18930401_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
"al k,mort rict of Wenv°r a len be, og nino(lte ided fur g e9tin2' 0011.1cee ,prOAOII.S. )rollip In tO ected. of el 4re° Hby merner. y Lodger ao we, . Lied, for L 25. rave Ay° 'astir° of Lgo, to Lir& rmpxthf, aged Ir rending value •of pted delivereo cele.ra. arrest.", members , were °AI/ arg P3I-t pI4CCS (inn 1141 Urnber'i a, art et' ld,r; -34, a scl- 'raddo"ki

RUnClirint art) 1167 A MO'''. lonotol üblir 8" gisieti"g ,k, I°6. lie nec°B- - at jt,r 4.thertoil: bad at SI term '.l re, Pige", Jet) tl,l ick4on errY nrder ve" atid nudieet Ir.rell r• Blec/r. l'roviorth s CooPe e'd"be )rrne- r. {Coot I a id he nea mit for tel t, &Wel t It • excelVin,o could - etliY grictvl " ll"r :lamatioil piu on "th; 0011141—d n mig'lllo% uontlY 000. iingB

ooth..as lah ir weft -n r der ▪ t° trittl Inen eitlia on_ • ;n goal I do• abt Ire r0p0,7, molt* .c..r I g —shoals. 100, !,1007thollt r 4,010' ,

104C4'

----lin, P: 14 •

nOlt t the rode . „P ore ienor„? , Itrt ' rtr; otat— ° „lea dog tor, ;la ' toe, VisabiON „t I, - • retft mine" dal frau' ~t 0,12 coy t..,l,,vair, rooe6 oil ol efil• ti'r EV° Theo' OM' endll4 "A* rortilit wolf ,to r.litA,lrto vote 1014' Aar' ;111 4°1,00011 .ly retor°' 7001. On. Orit• 1111".. if C1°14.1 5 piss. 2 60 • 2. cot,-

TIC ...Iwo )4 is. all •*oth (14104% 04' ovieksV.:o, :root viatorTto raC*4fig 00.91. 0,•• • •

===== 0002601_18930401_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
ItIiGISTBRI{D. y.l

. WmppaL_. , ~,, • ___________________ ARti , --NUTON MUSICAL SOCIETY. (Season 1892-93.) rr ' ' -40_,111N ItYLANDS, Esq., J.P. it ths ",!,11::,,, . U INAL CONCERT , 114' ~,•:•..tiv,. iii the Hovel Court Theatre, on ,1n1)NI:31/AY, APRIL 12Tn. 1893. 1116U1411.11tAblItifar8 84%1;1114;T. )4,„. VOcALIIIIR I- 411s,i''3 JitAIIIH tiADLIIIt, filornatm. li )4An• 14)1:1114 CHITR tion lA. rallo. ti ANT) „oil; Malt NSHAW, CONTRALTo. . NrIAAZ") CHORUS 01, 200 PHIWH OMIIHS. I..lktr, (inane'. Aigl' ArComp•Rts? .—Mr. JAI. CALDWIILL. "NI ' ,Alti IZZ —Mr. PRANK H. CROSSLIIY. i 141'. l" Noma- IDHLHTHN has kindly consented to "ten 7 „ ;_.* Portions of •• Athalle." _ _ o'clock. ',..4 1,,, rt„,-,7... Concert, 145. Carriages 10 . "million s., 55., 3s. 24., and 1. 44,64. 11, p -----,red Heats %111 be open to bubseribers at tAlultoi's on Tuesday' April 4th, at 10 cm., :.übp 15,;41 triTe'll faihila ()nand al Le r Thut sdny.April 6th. 1 Visy''4l,l .1 If) Latchford. The,wall and Lyrom, from . *1111""%town and Newtoti-le.Willows from Bank -, "alter the concert. ' . I 14,--_________. H. ATKIN. lion. Hee. s' it LE Y HUNT STEEPLECIIASES.

Ari,VIIILIZI/48DAY, APRIL lgni, 1893. U—'4ll NATIONAL RUNT RULES. kft,,Fir't Rice et, Twelve o'clock. P4P4ritrn--;:411-1 CLOSE APRIL iitzt. -"I kt,ply to \V At plo T. F. LINNALL, tillaw House, TerPotki• 44••' ART OALLERY, LIVERPOOL

SPRING EXHIBITION. , 44/411.4.‘ t)11111 DAILY UNTIL 29ru. , ." 1 11211.111NG CIO To 6), OND 8111 LLI NO. , , t Tumor (6 TO 14, DI x PRoNCIi. A 4 , 81143°11 TICKETS 25.. BA. EAu ....._ AIIALL "UTO W N CRICK ET CLUB. ~ ' Willh. held In the VIADUCT WORKS on RASTUR Ntl e.i MONDAY, APRIL 3rd. at 8 p.m. The Viatlult Institute NI britig Nissio, Iktld Will be In atten.loncc. . Itofslithtn" HlXlnlnee earls. Pks ' gint'l iliPPlled at reasonable charges. -- ssil h ttoyAL AND OPERA HOUSE, ttsb,tn ST. 11.9t1INS. Atti l'ittul Manager Mr. Wallace Herrn. NI :rl,!s_o•2; of Theatre. Royal Lelairee Aster v.,111 &surer A. t.;ASTER MONDAY, ftllt TWALVIS Nlillini ONLY. 4' LESTER COLLINWOODS IMMIINSELY SUCCESSIMIL PANTO lIIHB 'Hit FORTY TIIIEYES. EACH RVItAIN(I Al 7,15 p.m. IllABTiat MONDAY AT 2 30 AND 7.15.

WILL BUY or EXCHANGE Curios, Diamonds, Old Gold and Silver ; highest prim—JACKSON. Fawn- broker, 71, Oxford It.. Manchester.

IMPORTANT TO FARMERS TDB MANO/1118TRE ooftronvrtoN 0 VONCENTRATI•:D MANURF,. MAIM FROM 1110013, DONRS, FISH, AND DRIED ANIMAL MATThIt, SW, From the city slaughter-houses, markets, etc., Contains from 3,; to 4 per cent. AMMONIA 'magi to 10 per cent. MONIS PHOSPHATRS. Analysis Onarnntee4l. PER TON. DeliverrA at the nearest Railwne Station. carriage paid, in 4-ton lots, within ISO miles. Supply strictly limited, OW Samples, Testimokinls. Ar., apply to W 1111,112% SUPERINTENDENT. CLRANEINO DBPARTMENT, TOWN MALL. DIANCIIII ; OS TO MIL BOLD ALDRED, STAMFORD•ROAD, ALTRINCHAM

1)ottlo.

QUEEN'S HOTEL, RAMSEY, ISLE OF MAN, 7—.l_ll.bi open for Baiter under entirely new manage - meu(.M es. WILD. Proprietress (late of Alma House). Terms

;W.-application.

',hipping ffi.otittii.

EM IGRATI 0 N. k TO ALL PARTS OF TER WOULD Intending entlinuts to New York, &Won, l'lllbi4e4Phia. San Franalaoo. Canada. China, Japan. Australia, or New Zealand. should tak • tickets (I.,weat raters) at Ihe Itaasslner" Office, Warrington, by GUION. AMERICAN, AUSTRA- LIAN. WEIRNIAL. atii other Imes. JOHN WALKER. I AQIINT,, "RXAMINRR" OPTION lIRWSET-ST.. WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
'URD.

HOME MADE SAUSAGE'S.

MOLYIt HUI'S 110 MK-MADE 111011 CLASS PORK SAUSAOK S. Nada from Pork 81aught,re4 on own Pun'lmes. ---- ALSO MOLYNNUX'S B E Er. & PORK SAUSAGES.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
nee. will N. found kr agrre with those that dad all Pork too rloh.

11 remits should try those RICHLLIMT !MUSA° all oak Muds), to asoort.sin sehtels ro most sullahl• for them.

ALSO HOSIE•MADS PIES AND BRAWN

===== 0002601_18930401_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
P 0 R.K

CIIINA TEAS.

Tea d Id (1‘ r Andrew ClarAe. For years, whenever Ill! Customers have asked ma far a Mild Tot, I have advised the Pure. old Yeshioned China which 1 keep. end the advice lias been appreciated. It is very satisfactory to them that such an eminent authority as Sir Andrew Clarke, the London Physician, oorrohorataa @pillion. Here is PA extract from an InteresUng lecture, delivered by Sir Andrew the other (ley. to the Students of the London it osoital i " Tee lit blessed beverage. Ido nOt know what I should do without it. nut slier* is tea andi tee, and one of the tee, I have in niy mini is the repreeentauon of ail hat Is phrsiologically wicked. Igo about town a good deal holding eon suite- lions here and there, and enoet Ave &don*, when I get Into a plans, the Isell of the toistell Will say to me I . /fir Andrew, you ire& do lit Ma give YOU t cup (4 tea; ( aay I I hatta yo, very murk, hut the tee Ms stout for Italt-ett.hour, ati.l elle 2.` I know you do you not like it wrong, Sir AndreW(' 411'1 OH, f brn Poor, lIIKOOR di fAblellooliflii ~1 the ira Into a cup gua thecup up with (deter. 1f.., I milli proskieecreelt• to give IC. like thst be saybadv and I hope you. gentlemen. rs ma your teem against it. Tee, tis be useful( should be Ara ot nu Black China Tea i the indim Taa whim I, IA ,lig cultivate.% has Worms so pnwtrial, In its efte '111)'111)15ti e the net, eel firatere thst *pup of it 1 ai,,,i ~toiy in on n'. e tog. aa Many do' an 'lib."'" Ihi, nen-ode ej,stem that those who take It actualiy get. luta notate of tee I nth steation, and It I,,,sluce• • I"r'n of "MM.' alitnrnaner• IS Veil 111 moat painful to wltnem. if you wslit to lon,. e1fh..... for yourselves or tor vow patients. tea which will not iujore Ala which will refresh. get [flack China Tee, putUng in the light incature—the ma tuhtmed tretboo•tul i"r each p^rvim add 0110 tor the blesset pot. Theft Ist.mr ell briskly boiling water, and within five minutes yon must pour It off sin. or It will booms( wished inoim m 41 of A"- Sorb is Sir Andrew Clarke% oho Ana *Aviv. AI ew %sera ot warning, however( are necessary to time who here tor- gotten w tat tilts *ld tasbloped lajlks. Tim «dour of the tea after Ills breferst wiJ be fount lobe much ;.der then that now In use, end ma tam, may not be act eptahle at Ant owing to lt• apparent Insipidness ; but If ill US. ii IMO-OM"' In, it will eery anon be found to be mutili ntorestutable for the ardent. an 4 If, lis • week to two titer Its nee, a trial Is again medico( the kind now In ordinary use, you will wonder however you 00014 hare been using 'Cane 3-eu will endorse Sir Andrew's atatensent, mu eld lashinied Chine Tee,.. recommended by Sir A.nirew Clarke, am be oIPIAIIIIOI SOW* al always Or the hut 35 years. at

I itta..

klwal

111 OMAS 310LYNEUX lIOUSICIIOLD STOIIIO. 37, 39, & 41, MARICUT-STIIHRT, KAIII,IISTOWN.

WORTHISSITO URTON MAR An STOUTS. YINDIATIrs DUBLIN INVALID AND OTHER STOUTS, OUINNHSS'S DUSLIN STOUT DI CASK oR boTTI.K. RINDLATRIt'S STOUTS may now he linJ In WIIRATLItY'S 1101' LIITTRIESIn botllwa mil). • J. 11. BEAum. RIIRWRIVS AORNT AND DOTTLER. • 10. bT. JAMICS-ST. WARIIINOION,

===== 0002601_18930401_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
irCH" I,IIMBAL KMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
, credit:

Quarter. is. 9.1.

. .- por Quarlwr,,

sllviaoo.

IJAY, SON, AND HEWITT'S

"ORIGINAL" AND ORLRBItATRO

LAMBING AND CALVING

RBMIWIES.

TEE STOCK-Intli[D6lol ANCHOR OF BAFhTY.

THE GASEOUS FLUID. Cures Paining In Bad Calving and Lambing. Corea Low Condition. Debility, and llovcn. Cures Colic. Scour, 811411 Ma, and Diarthcsa. Cures Coughs, Colds. and Leos of Appetite. Price Is. 91. per bottle; 20s.per dozen boxes. VIE BED DRENCH. For Cleaning after Lambing and Calving. Por Hitin-bount, Red IVater, and Yellow.. For Chills. Fevers, and Stomach Cleansing. For Preventing Milk Fever ant Dropping. Price So. E.l. per doz. (Ewes); 13s. per doz. (Cows). THE CHEMICAL EXTRACT, Fill' Anointing in Critic !Calving and Lambing For killing all Pain and Preventing llesving. For all Sores. Wounds, and Swollen Udders. For Sore Throats, Strains, Cuts and Bruises. Price 2s. 6.1.. Ss. Cl., and 7S. ler Bottle.

- • • The " OASEODYNE," for Bstreme Pain In Cattle see Sheep, Bl st'it Cattle, Vlr.lent Scour, and Colic Of the wait type ;also Excessive Pain In COVIS and Ewe& daring partu- rition. Price 3a. 64. per bottle. The above and many othe a, with " NET TO FAILIMMT:e from the world-renoe net 61'OCK-lIIIIIEDISIVS MEDICINE CHEST. Price. complete. £2 16.. 64. ROYAL ANIMAL MEDICINE MANUFACTORY; 22, DORSHT-STIIHRT, LONDON, W. Established nearly 60 Years.

NIL —Gratuitmts chief, given by our Nfr. T. 0. 81.11.0.V.8.. London.

xr ..X.X.

TRAUB MARK.

" T ESV-ITT" ALES 1 ETV-117" ALES

AND STOUT

SPECIAL BITTER

SPECIAL STOUT

MILD AIX l2s 6D. Pxn 0 GALLI.

.1 X. ALE .......... 12/4. tip. PER 18 GALLe. These Beers esti be bed In 41, 9, 18, and 38 Gallon Caski. at the above rale..

R cIIAIt 1) FORSIIAW C 01.1.1 ritit (112 RR N MI)WICRY, NRWTON.I.R.WILLOWti.

LADIES THIS FOR YOU TO READ.

TONNE 18 NO MACH LIKE HOME. AO nothlng In It 10411 more romforlable than tuticurr euhl CLEAN FIRESIDE.

NO MORI{ ELACELRADINO REQUIRED. YOUR ORATES CLEANED IN FIVE MINUTES.

USE LAWSON'S BLACK.

Bold In Tins at fp , , ft& each. Full directions for use on met tin. All )ou require to Use it

wit It Is LAWSON'S PAYFINT lIHUSII AND 1101.DBE. Price 60. One Brush will last a lifetime. Thereof of the !folder being attached to the Brush forms • Shield to prevent the Angers bring soiled with the black. LAWSON'S BLACK It u pleasure to use. No Brushing. No Dirt. Your Orates mot Fenders will always look equal to new. Will not burn off or blister only where the bars gm red hot. SoLst VIVTACTIONFR Tow PATFITICI: M. M. LAWRON, BOOTLE. LIVERPOOL. . . . _ .

A large glee Tie, with 'Break and Holdrr complete, free pr I'trcel Volt lor ii. CI. lo stamps or poidal order.

Copy of unsolialled Testimonial, selected out of a number received.

Hawthorne Villa, Linthorpe, Middlestwo% On, 29, 1892. Mr- MM. lew•on, Liverpool, tita,-1 lowa used some or the "Lawann's fleck" on my drawing and dining room fire grates, whlell my husband brought, me fairy, with the, object 1 rim% log Iha servants this 'odious work of blavkiresding, and 1 think It only right to comply with Ms desire to Inform yen I Ina the trlat has been moot salliklaelory iii every erpeel ; WIG only Is the Inlvlng in time re.tuend more than three.fourths, and Ito' appearance of the grates much impreyed as compared to blackhead. but the brush •nd holder yoo limos introdooeet en- ables those who use It to do so without In any way blanking or soiling their hands. I may also add that, so far the appear- ance has not town affrietad by the beat of the fires.—loura respectfully. JENNIE DOVE. Ask your Tramisn, Grocer, or Chandler for it, And nee that You (let It,

===== 0002601_18930401_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
HALL'S MY H ATM%

TIIE CELEBRATED W. W.

OIL WEAR WELL MAKE OF HATS. mom Trost PURR NATURAL FUR AND PURE LAMBS' WOOL, ELASTIC AND lINBURAKABLE. DURABLE, COMFORTABLE AND EAST FITT- -INO AND PERFECTLY VENTILATED. ROM 2/6 TO 6/6'

Made by MUMS UNION wnrkpeople In a British Factory.

To be obtained only from lIE NOTED HAT Sllor. 1, MAIIKRT OATH. WARRINGTON.

EASTER SHOW. AT TIIII

MANCHESTER I AILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. 11111 NO IAIIOII MANUFACTUIIIOOI OF CLOTH- ING of every deserlptlon and 1.1110114 FORCASh coable them to receive great advantages Imm the Woollen lilanniaet urea. awl one CuotAnnekr* will twelve the benefit In no I rom vlng their Clothing- ! hem ALL I.IOODII Altk WHI.L MA OH and Trimmtrl equal to any bespoke trade.

- TIIKIR STOCK TKIS SPRING IS BRYON() ANY VIIKVIOUS 8110 W YOH MAUR ITUDK NOVRI.TY AND YALUU.

11111 WEI SUITS 16/6, 18/11. 21/—, 23/6, 27/6, ;30/—. 33/—. Mims TROUSIIIIS 5/11, 6/6, 6/11, 7/6, 8/6, :i/6, 10/6.

iNSPROTION INVIIRD. ALL 00014 OUR OWN MANIC AND 10, HoItsIiMARKRT sTRICHT. WARRINOTON.

MiRTINDALES WILLL UNOWN

BLACKING. (LIQUID AND PASTII). Au 443

"SANDRINGHAM" WATERPROOF

JET LUSTRE AND KID CREAM FOR LADIVS' 1100T11.

HAIM -IS' COMPOSITION. (TDB OBLUIDIA.TRI) .IIORSB 81108 BRAND)

14 URNITURE POLISH ALL OP TOR BUST QUALITY.

17. HANOVIIM-ST.. LIVIIIRPOOL.

GRADY'd SCOUREIC,

3 L OLISII. lawrini LABOUR Anti gh ell a mut brilliant and holing polish. lit ••mut itt. Tin.. Of all Onweri and Ciumillara. 111{1.1., and On, tiHMBLBIItIT. LIVERPOOL.

M

E T A

111101e.gle front 28, C

===== 0002601_18930401_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. • 1

===== 0002601_18930401_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

I

===== 0002601_18930401_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
SELECTED READINGS.

FAIILT-FINDING.—AS It woman, the fault-finder, if less formidable because with less power than when a man, is infinitely annoying. She leaves no one in peace. The terror of her family, she is their unauthorised putter to rights, and down to her

grand-nieces themselves she does her best to obstruct their lives and model them on her own. A terror to her family and a bore to her friends, the fauit-finder is the despair of her servants. No one can pease her. Faithful maid and careful man, it is all the same as if the one were good- for-nothing, and the other a rogue. However well done a thing may be, it could always have been better, and the fault-finder takes special care not to spoil her domestic with an overdose of praise. She never praises, indeed, if she can by any possibility blame. When the very decencies of life oblige her to give some kind of commenda- tion, she gives it so sparingly as to deprive it of all beauty ; or she modifies it with streaks of blame so thickly strewn as to spoil all its grace. If her ser- vants serve her well, it is because she herself knows hose to make bad material into good. When they serve her ill, she has not herself to blame, bat only their wickedness. So she goes on, this poor ill-catured, cross-cornered cr.mture, find- ing fault where a more amiable soul would see only cause for praise; thankless when others would be grateful; unloving wizen others would be devoted; a dry, sour winter apple which never reddens into beanty :nor ripens into sweetness. These fault- finders drift through their world like so many humanisedticebergs, in the presence of which all warmth of lite ad spontaneity die, while only sharp- ness and coldness and angularity recsain.—E. Lynn Linton. Thal ENGLISH AND '2IIR FRENCH BOIL—The French boy constitutes a striking contrast to his English brother. In every way there is a difference. Not only at the outset, but up to the time of his quitting school, a boy in France is tre-ited as a machine which needs constaut supervision and restriction, and which, in default of such unceasing care, is sure to go wrong. The lad is taught to do eyerything )sy fixed rule and at reolar hours, to rely in all things upon the initiative of others. All individuality, all idea of personal respousibdity, is thus destroyed. Perhaps it would be more correct to say that it is never suffered to develop itself. The playground of a French school would be a revelation to the average English boy. He would in his own mind specelate vaguely as to the purpose for which it was oesigned. It is too small tor play as he understands the word, and, as a matter of fact, only the very young boys play. The elder lads confine themselves to a monotonous peregrin- ation of what is often a mere courtyard. It is true that the French schoolboy is taught gymnastics far more systematically than is always the case in this country. But there his physical education has begun and ended, and even this modified form of development of the body has not invariably been without its opponents. It is not, after all, so many years ago since the Minister of Public Instruction addressed a circular to the rectors of the principal educational establishments in France pointing out that complaints had been made regarding the number of accidents which occulted in the practice of gymnastics. The matter was referred to a com- mittee, and it was only after some discussion that It was decided that the advantages, on the whole, outweighed the chances of disaster. WEALTEI AND HEALTH.—That wealth is any enemy to health seems a contradictory statement at first sight, but, tniedy considered, it shows itself unfortunately to he anything but that. The making of money keeps a man occupied and healthy, bat it Is found when the fortune is accumulated that the mischief begins. The worn-out old rhyme that "Early to bed and early to rise, keeps a man healthy, wealthy, and wise" has a great deal of truth in it, for we naturally conclude that the man who takes the trouble to "rise" early, would scarcely do so unless he meant to fill up the time thus gained by giving exercise to his physical and mental powers, and to this species c,f individual wealth does no harm. But when, having Strived and accumulated, a man sits down to take life easily, whlch means very often luxury, self-indul- gence, and dtmieished activity of mind and body, wealth is distitmly an enemy to long life and health, not only to the one gerleration, but to those who follow after, and who suffer from the sins of their fathers unto the third and fourth generation. —The Hospital. FRANCIS BACON (afterwards Lord Bacon) was born in the strand, in 1651. His health was delicate; and by his gravity of carriage, and love of sedentary pursuits, he was distinguished from other boys. When a mere child, he stole away from his playfellows to a vault in St. James's Fields to investigate the cause of a singular echo which he had observed there; and when only 12, he busied himself with speculations in the art of leger- demain. At 13 he was entered at Trinity College, Cambridge, which he left after a residence of three years, "carrying with him a profound contempt for the course of study pursued there, a fixed conviction that the system of academic education in England was radically vicious, a just scorn to; the trifles on which the followers of Aristotle had wasted their powers, and no great revnence for Aristotle him- self."—From Timb's School Day's of Eminent Men..

Toe younger a child is, the less let him bear the Unspeakable named, but let him behold His sym- bols. The sublime is the temple-step of religion, ES the stars are of immeasurabie space. When what is mighty appears in nature—a storm, thunder, the starry firmament, death—then utter the word God before the child. A great misfortune, a great blessing, a noble action, are building stones for the boy's church. Show everywhere to the child, as well as on the borders of the holy land of religion, devotional and holy sentiments. Newton, who uncovered his head when the Greatest Name was uttered, would have been, without saying a word, a teacher of religion to children—Jean Paul Richter. Toe productive classes of the world include those who bless it by th. ir thought as well as those who bless it by their work. He who invents a • machine does no less a service than he who toils all day with his hands. Thus, the inventors of the plot 0), the loom, and the ship bate been deservedly , placed among those whom society ought to honour. Bet they also who teach men moral and religious truth—who instruct them to think, to live together in peace, to loc.; one another, and to pass good lives—are benefactors of the world, nay,' its greatest benefactors. They speak to the deepest wants of the soul, and eiv- men the true bread from heaven. —Theodore Parker. THE worst condition the heart of a man can be in Is to be empty. It is a common mistal eto suppose that the needs and the craviegs of the heart can be wholly supplied to it from outside sources, that all It wants is the love and sympathy, the kindness and tenderness of others poured upon it. A much deeper need of the heart is to he full of affection and goodwill and genercus irnpulees of its own, to be able to sympathise in other,' joys and sorrows, to have sech an abundance of rich heart-treasures to bestow that there is but little thought of what it is to receive. To ridicule the oddities of our neighbours it wit of the cheapest and easiest kind; and we can all.be satirical if we give the mime to our ill-nature. The jest so ariwircr to curselves may, however, Inflict a deep wound upon a eeasitive nature, while it seldom fells to brieg a heavy retribution upon the author. EVERYWHERE IA the natural, no less than in the moral wood, light is the great lite-bringer. With- out it there is no e.ermaneet and deep,leing beauty. Well may all natiems, ih all agss; )istva called wisdom by the muce of darkness, and 'transferred the names of light and i,riehtte-ss to whatever is happy and holy.—Lee ii. Grindmt. 12 is impossible to remove the vsst difference in wealth and luxury which has existed in all civilieed nations between di 11 erent claeses of the community; but the tritest happiness at mest real pleasures 9re, or releht he, within the retch of all. A CON'ANTED mlnd is the greeteet blessing 9 man Can et joy 111 this world, and if in the present life his happiness arises from thesultduing 'ot his desires, it- will en,. In the next from the gratification of them Addison. You Catuul, spend money in 'lmre, without doing good to I.le poor. Nay (..ayaJont,,T.,n) you do more good In thePi by spending it in I,xury —you make thin t xert Mthistry, whereas by givtug it, ecee keep them -dle. g'Hp:RE is none made so great hut he may need both the help mei the ,erviee, and ~tand in fear of the power and unkindness, even of the meanest of morte IP.

PAIN KILLER Get &bottle to-day of PERRY DAVIS'S PAIN KILLER. Act directly on the 'west of Pain. Cares Colds,Coughs, Head- ache, Cramp and Pain in the Stomach. Diarrho3a, Cholera, etc. Soli by all Chemists at 1 and 2A Avoid edl Imitations under misleading names. PAIN KILLER

CAIL Small Pill Small Dose Small Price Forty in a • Sugar Coated Purely vegetable Cure Torpid Liver Without Fall Chemists: is.

BUNT

,zh wIl speenly arrest the progres,ol decay,harden the gems. and impart a dein:MU fragrance.to t'm b.rcath. AU Chemists sell it. Li

-- I a revelatiol own.

IRTE'S LITTLE IVER PILLS, 1;:14,:v7t,%. I _ 1 ••• BEAT FUL Tr 7 H ensured by the tulieli, . . ITTLE tise of that del,e.sc, Ty R aromatic toiiiii-wa,h, . Fragrant SOZO 7 - Vial which

===== 0002601_18930401_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
"CAPITAL" CHAT. Dr. Samuel Cox, who died at Hastings on Monday was one of the leading ministers of the Baptist denomination, lie first became prominent about thirty years ago, when his " Private letters of St. Paul and St. John" were welcomed by the Press as a revelation in Biblical criticism. Dr. Cox has written much since then, but probably his reputa- tion will chiefly rest upon his " Salvator Mandl," in which the popular notion of an eternal chemical hell is subjected to the test of reason as well as scholar- ship. The "Expositorrin connection with which Dr. Cox's name is perhaps most widely known, was started eighteen years ago. A staff of brilliant scholars contributed to it, including Canon Farrar, the Bishop of Durham, and Dr. Marcus Dodds. Ulti- mately Dr. Cox became too broad for his chair, and the magazine of his creation fell into othei hands. The Bishop-elect of Norwich will rather striking contrast to his predecessor in the See. Dr. Pelham is a placid Evangelical who has adminis- tered his diocese on old-fashioned lines, and has not outrun his clergy in energy; Mr. Sheepshanks is a broad-minded High Churchman, who serving his apprenticeship to parochial work under Dr. Hook at Leeds, and with a varied experience home and colonial, is imbued with the new methods that have so greatly revived the influence of the Church in our large centres of pop ilation. He is emphati- cally a worker, 'end whatever he has taken in hand he has thrown his whole soul into the undertaking. He is a brilliant conversationalist, and his range of interest and of reading is almost as wide as the Premier's, to whom he owes his mitre. ia at

be a

Ma special meeting of the Institute of British Architects on Monday night, Mr. J. Macvicar Anderson was unanimously nominated president .for the ensuing year. Mr. Anderson is already in his second year of office, and this nomination con- sequently involved the suspension of the bye-law to the effect that no president shall fill the office for more than two successive years. Mr. Anderson is a Scotch man of dignified and aristocratic appear- ance, precise in the matter of dress and in his man- ner of procedure. He makes an excellent chairman, being always clear in his ruling and courteous. 114 has always been regular in the discharge of his official duties, and being one who has the interests of the institute at heart, members should congratu- late themselves on being fortunate to retain his services for another year.

The members of the Cage Bird Club established a few days ago will be able to quote many royal examples in defence of their hobby. The Princess Beatrice's favorite cage-bird is the canary, and for many years the same might have been said of the Queen. When Ilendelssohn was playing at Court on one occasion her Majesty's birds were turned unceremoniously out of the music-room by their mistress's orders, because their powerful vocalisa- tion disturbed the serenity of the gifted composer, who used to say that her Majesty knew his com- positions more thoroughly than anyone else in England. In recent years the Q leen has found the singing of the yellow-coated birds too strenuous, and at present her canaries have given place to a bullfinch and a linnet. These follow her every- where, there being special provision for their com- fort is the royal train, just as there is for the three pet dogs.

General Patrick Collins. who is to succeed Mr. New as Consul-General for the United States in London, will hold the most lucrative position in the gift of the American President. Soon after his election last November, Mr. Clevelanni offered General Collins, the Secretaryship of the Navy, or the Attorney-Generalship. He declined each, on the ground that he could not afford to maintain such an establishment as would be required of him in Washington, on the comparatively small salary he would draw from the Government. But he promptly accepted the lucrative London post. General Collins was born near Fermoy, in county Cork, Ireland, in 1844. When he was four years old his parents took him to the States. At the upholsterer's trade he earned sufficient funds to enter Harvard College. He was admitted to prac- tise at the Boston Bar when twenty-four years of age. His wife was Miss Mary Carey: They had three children. The family mansion on the summit of Mount Ida commands a fine view of Boston Harbour. General Collins is one of the two or three most distinguished Irishmen in America.

Both Lord Salisbury and his i-srivate secretary, Mr. Gunton, have now happily reco%sred from their attack of influenza. Mr. Gunton is a stalwart man in the prime ot life, who looks very much like a Hertfordshire farmer. His quarters at Hatfield are very comfortable; in fact there are several cottages within hail of Hatfield House in the occupation of Lord Salisbury's agent and others which, for solid roominess and cosy elegance surpass the provision made at Windsor for the servants holding similar offices in the royal household. It goes without say- tog that electrical communications and other scientific appliances are developed to an unusual extent at Hatfield. During the last seven years it has been necessary for the ex-Foreign Secretary to leave his private affairs a good deal in the hands of Mr. Gunton, who, in fact, transacts a vast amount of local business without consaltincr his chief at all. Amongst other duties of this kind' is the granting of permission to school excursions to make Hatfield their headquarters. Lady Salisbury frequently gives instructions, having in view the greater com- fort of these tiny trippers, especially in wet wea- ther.

The fineness of the weather brought out all the fashionable people who are left in London in the Park, on Sunday morning, but the talk was largely of going away. The latest fashion in capes appears to be the "Harlequin "—that is to say, half of one colour and half of another, alternating. An object of attraction was an American trotting buggy, painted scarlet, with two fine steppers attached, which ran up and down with great speed. Among the many handsome ladies of all ages who were visible were Lady Carew, Lady Morris and her daughter, Lady Cotterell and Miss Louise Cotterell, Lady Carrington, Lady Camoys, Lady Robert Mon- tagu, Lady Ward, Lady Randolph Churchill, Lady Cairns. Lady Medway, the Hon. Mrs. Hylton Joliffe, Lady Seymour, Lady McGrigor, Mrs. Richard Cham- berlain, Lady Stewart, the Hon. Mrs. Randolph Stewart. Among the male persqpalities who passed about were Mr. Alfred de Rothschild, Lord Morris, Lord Camden, the Hon. Gerald McGarel Hogg, Lord

Newtown Butler, Lord Arthur Hill, Lord W Olmer, Mr. George Alexander, Mr. W. H. Mallock, Sir Eyre Shaw, the Hon. Kenneth Howard, and Mr. Martin Morris.

Sir George Findlay was the doyen of general rail- way managers. !le spent his business life in an atmosphere of speaking tubes and contracts, abstruse calculations and puzzling statistics; but even the great weight of business that presses on the manager of such a gigantic concern as the Lon- don and North-Western Railway had made few in- roads on a portly frame and magnificent constitu- tion up to a short time before his death. The reason was that Sir George Findlay never took business home with him. While at Euston there was no one so alert, far seeing, and quick to decide as he; but elsewhere he was the country gentle- man, with a passionate love of field sports. He was a good shot and an ardent salmon fisher, and, in the rusticity of his old-fashioned house at Edg- ware, took delight to show his pictures, and a gar- den stocked with the flowers that were the delight of our forefathers.

The late manager joined the London and North Western Railway Company when they bought the Shrewsbury and Hereford line in 1862. He was, he used to say, "taken over with the rest of the stock." He came to Euston in 1865, and nine years later was appointed general manager. He was a master of his business. His fellow managers recognied this,when they chose him first chairman Of the Railway Clearing House General Managers' Association. Sir George looked like a farmer, with his full, clean-shaven face, comfortable waist- ccat, and grey mutton-chop whiskers, straggling down the sides of his well-formed but sparsley covered head.

Thic PaPuLAn BEVERAGE for Breakfast, Luncheon, Tea and Supper in all seasons Is CADBURYS COML.—Comforting. strengthening, nourishing—for old and young, robust and feeble. CADBURY'S COCOA is absolutely pure.—Adet.

According to the official returns published by the Ministry of Communication,l2,ooo persons have suffered from railway accidents in Russia during the past ten years. Of this number 4,500 were killed and 7.500 wounded. Most of these accidents are attributed to the imperfect methods of railway signalling in vogue in the ountry.

SHE USES THE RIGHT SOAP. —INdSOII'S Soap saves ber clothes. Anything washed with Hudson's Soap is thoroughly washed, therefore remains much longer clean.—A !pure Dry Soap in fine powder.—Acirt.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
—..eny rest upon No 1 which the popular zrotion - • • •

THE . EXAMINER, SATURDAY, 9 APRIL 1 1893 • LADIES' LETTER. on a convenient seat, and sit for half an hour. Then go , home, and wake with a successful attack of rheumatism WHAT KIND OF .A --- ---. next morning. If perchance the rheumatism should WOMAN ADMIRE MY DEAn NELLIE, fail, it is probable that pleurisy or pneumonia may be --- the reward. But if by a miracle, nfither the one nor A ladies' journal offered a prize for the best answer to Apropos of my letter last week anon. wide the other repays the trouble taken, then go out and the above question. The prize was awarded to the dresses I hear that there are so many different repeat the same tactics the next day, and the next and writer of the following :—The man must interest by fashions in skirts that the amateur dressmaker may the next, until success is assured. The receipt is war- uncommonness, either in appearance or manner, or he well be puzzled to decide, but skirts are undeniably ranted never to fail if persevered with for a sufficient must have the indescribable quality called "charm." fuller at the edge, although, if well managed, it is length of time.—" Hospital." He must be manly as opposed to effeminate, and be one quite possible to have one of mocterate width, -r <nit , to be looked up to, as, under all circumstances, certain Wamen of Irritable Temtier. , % s SI , P " to be upright. He must know his own mind and steadily which yet sets closely at the top and flows out in the present fashionable style. - Sonia ikirtslire out It is like living in a den of snarling animals to live work thereto, even to masterfulness. He will scorn entirely in one piece, others are Hoed to make an with a person who has this sort of temper, says a writer meanness, and by so scorning strengthen weaker folk to enormous width at the edge, and so narrowed at in the" Ladies' Home Journal." Many an Eden is des- push it aside. He will keep faith and word ; is a doer, troyed by it, while the possessor prides himself upon not a talker of intended doings. He disregards "they the top that neither darts nor seams are required. being a good Christian, and doing his whole duty by his say," and is not one of a herd. His friends are men— The fine weather of the past few days has family. Yet if the soup lacks a little salt, or contains a not women. He is only once deceived by the same changed the aspect of the milliners' windows with little too much pepper, if a meal is a moment delayed, if person. His perhaps hasty temper never runs to extraordinary rapidity, and the novelties in hats a Mind is noisy in its mirth, if a drawer sticks, or a door unkindness. He has not the abiding peace of common- are now almost all revealed. The principal inno- slams, or a chair creaks, each trifle calls forth an exhiki_ placeness. He needs sympathy and solace in a some- vation is the vivid lirilliancy of the colour of "The tion of disagreeable temper, which ruins the comfort and times "divine discontent." He abides under no failure, _ Sailor" to which the straw has been dyed. Warns Padeadceicteodf tthoethhiosusseortholodf fteormpeanrhaonudre. calls it" her nerves," noerrravnese attaches and rivets love.—The winner of the second prize is but goes on. His occasional want of success only : violet, pronounced turquoise, grass green, and rose Pink are only a few of the shades to be seen • and and considers herself the most devoted wife and mother r writes —He is tall and broadshouldered, piercing of eye, in the world. Yet if she is obliged for any member of the family if she is called from one a. ed to delay her dinner luxuriant of moustache, and should be well over thirty. velvet, fastened with a full bow at the side. Ger- Is manners must not be too complaisant and suave,and the trimming consists generally of equally bright , g task to perform another, if the children scatter their he should take no pains to disguise his feelings of super- tain modifications of sunk crorns and turned up playthings, or leave their school-books in the parlour, iority as man, but he should have the knack of making brims are introduced in some examples; and a she indulges in such petulant scolding that a gloom the woman to whom he is talking feel, for the time shape which will probably find many admirers, settles over the whole household. She would consider it being, that she is the one woman in the world to him. from its quaint piquancy, has the ordinary sailor no difficult thing to die for that household, if it were Above all things, he should have a reputation for success crown, while its brim is shaped and bent so as to demanded of her. But to control her irritable temper among women—nothing attracts a girl so much as the suggest, but not define, triangular form. For is a task too great to demand of her. And so the Eden desire to obtain what the rest of her sex covets. A hint these, two long quill feathers are generally thrust is destroyed, and the children grow up eager to get oat of past vicissitudes and troubles is also not without its through the bow. The new shot straws, in spite of the home where everything is uncomfortable, and the effect. In short his whole personality, physical, mental, of their rather hard metallic effect, bid fair to be Parents wonder why all their sacrifices are so poorly and moral, should be suggestive of strength. experience, popular, especially for bonnets, and gold and silver appreciated, why their childres, for whom they have and reserve. filagree crowns will probably tind as much favour toiled and saved, seemed to care so little about their —.....-.....-...-.. home, and why they seem so anxious to seek pleasures WILL OF THE LATE SIR ANDREW here as they have in Paris.' elsewhere. WALKER, BART. A BREWER'S ENORMOUS FORTUNE.

I

Present visitors to Paris come back laden with their spoils in black satin, for nothing else is being worn there just now. The hats are plainly covered with the inevitable satin which is most becoming to the complexion; and it is, after all, much too early as yet for straws, excepting in the shop win. dows. Four black tips are arranged in the fr6nt ; beneath these, a little to one side, is a paste buckle, which holds in its place a band of eveque bishop's purple violet, which at the back forms a gr6cefully careless bow. A new feature in dress is the skirt with many vertical rows of trimming. This innovation will entail more trouble in dressmaking. The formality of the horizontal lines is broken by the fulness of the skirt, which gradnally widens from the waist downwards until at the hem it is full. To produce this effect every breadth of the skirt is sloped a little at each side. If the material be narrow, like silk, this is simple. If double width, like cloth, the goring begins at the sides, both back and side breadths being cut away, so that two half-bias are joined together. Black skirts can be wonder- fully improved by three or tour narrowish bands of bright green or petunia-coloured velvet. The out- door black jacket should be made to match by having big sleeves of velvet put in.

A favourite,new method of trimming hats and bonnets appears rather curious at first, but, like all really innocent innovations in style, it gains in favour with closer acqua'idance. There are ears, sometimes of pleated lisse, sometimes of velvet, occasionally of ostrich fer-ther, and again of jet. In some iestances they are crescent-shaped, and are often fashioned like those of a Mercury's cap. Many of the bonnets, trimmed with fans of jewel- flecked tulle, have one diamond ornament pinned into the fltt point which nestles down in the hair in fr ,nt. The favourite shape of this brooch, which may be of any jewels, is rosette form.

Various Kinds of Broth.

./1 it 'IV •

There are many simple drinks for invalids which are nourishing and soothing and which have not become hackneyed to the taste,as beef tea and some others have. One very nice drink is known in France as " lait de poule." To make this, beat up the yoke of a perfectly fresh egg with a teaspoonful of powdered sugar. Add to it very slowly, beating all the time, a cup of boiling milk. Finally stir in a tablespoonful of fresh cream, and serve the beverage at once. Where a purely stimulating drink is required there is probably nothing better than beef tea, though it dce s not possess the quality of nour- ishment so often attributed to it. Milk, however, eon. tains nutriment on which a person may live in health, and a drink of hot milk and eggs is especially valuable where a nutritious beverage is required. When an egg is beaten up in a cup of beef tea, a considerable nutri- ment is imparted and &valuable and stimulating beverage is the result. Calf's foot broth is an agreeable drink,but it is nutritious only because milk and eggs are added to it. To make calf's foot broth, boil slowly two calves' feet, putting them in cold water and letting them sim- mer for about ten hours. There will be about a pint and a half of stock, or liquor, around them when they are done. Strain this and set it away in a cold place till it jellies. If it is to be made into jelly it will be necessary to clarify it, but for a broth where milk and eggs are to be used this is superfluous. Beat up one fresh laid egg with two tablespoonfuls of rich milk and add to it a cup- ful of the melted jslly•, which should then be boiling hot, stirring it all the time. Season it with salt and pepper, and serve it with thin slices of crisp toast. A broth of oatmeal and beef-tea, or of oatmeal with mutton broth which has been kept free from vegetables, is a suitable beverage for certain invalids. Mix a tablespoonful of oatmeal with a tablespoonful of cold water and add to it a cup of the boiling broth. Let the mixture boil for five minutes, strain it, and serve. It is the greatest folly to give food of any kind to an invalid without some con- sultation csith the attending physician as to the require- ments of the case. Physicians usually give orders as to the diet, if there is not a trained nurse employed, and the rules which he lays down should always be carefully regarded ; the simple beverage Which may bs the most valuable for one may be dangerous to another,

Amongst the new fashions in materials a kind of matalasse cloth in black strikes me as being par- ticularly beautiful as it makes a charming dress. The full bodice and upper sleeves of the dress should be of a dull green silk, the plain skirt and lower sleeves of the matalasse, with shaped bands below the bust of shot green and black velvet, and narrow bands of the same round the sleeves and skirt is very pretty. Among the host of pretty bits of furniture with which modern drawing-rooms are adorned, a screen plays one of the most useful parts. There are many charming designs with which a plain piece of wood may be converted into a choice and elegant ornament. A pretty fashion is to drape coloured silk scarfs over the screen, fastening them here and there with long strings of ribbon of a deeper shade; or, if one has a taste for painting, some perfectly delightful screens of small dimensions may be arrest/Ad from sheets of cathedral glass, coloured in oils with bold sprays of roses or golden-brown chrysanthemums. As a protection from draughts, which penetrate so frequently oven from fast-closed doors and windows, nothing can equal our dearly-. loved screen, and few pieces of furniture add more to the beauty of a room than a well made and neat looking articles of this description.

On Tuesday, probate was granted, in the Liverpool District Registry, of the will and three codicils of the late Sir Andrew Barclay Walker, Bart., of Osmaston Manor, Derbyshire, and The Grange, Gateacre, to the executors, Sir Peter Carlaw Walker, Bart., John Reid Walker, Esq., William Hall Walker, Esq., Andrew Bar- clay Walker, Esq., Joseph Gilstrap Branston, Esq., and John Hughes, Esq., the gross value of the personal estate being sworn at £2,876,781 18s. 10d. The will is dated the 14th July, 1891, the first codicil 23rd June, 1892, the second codicil 13th July, 1892, and the third codicil 11th August, 1892. Testator confirms the settlement made upon his mar- riage, and bequeaths to his widow provision for a dower. house and furniture.

After leaving various legacies to members of his former staff anA others, testator bequeaths to each grandchild living at his decease £2,000, and the following charit- able legacies free of duty : Royal Infirmary £l,ooo 0 0 Royal Southern Hospil al Northern Hospital Stanley Hospital 5OO 0 0 Bluecost Hospital Seaman's Orphan Institution OOO 0 0 Liverpool Boys' Orphtn Asylum e, Female Orphan Asylum - 50) 0 0 Infant Orphan Asylum (To be divided equally between them.) Liverpool Blind Asyium „ Bye and Ear Infirmary 3OO 0 0 „ Deaf and Dumb Institution 2OO 0 0 .. Magdalen Institution „ Consumption Hospital ~ • "1 'dr:fatigable" 5OO 0 0 „ Infirmary for Children Ayr Infirmary for Children l,OOO 0 0 Liverpool Home for Incurables „ Newsboys' Home 2 0 0 Testator bequeaths his yacht, the Cuhona, to his eldest son, Sir Peter C. Walker; and to his son, Mr. J. R. Wallc,•r, the residential property, The Knoll, at Bar- ton-under-Needwood ; and to his son, William H. Walker, the residential property at Gateacre, called The Grange, with the land and properties adjoining, and the contents of the house. _ _

The Osmaston estate, together with the contents of the mansion, the Belle Vale estate and the adjoining property at Little Wootton, and a sum of £700,000, are settled by testator upon his eldest and other sons suc- cessively in tail male. Testator bequeaths £lO,OOO to his son-in-law, Mr. W. R. Court; and settles up.on Mrs. Court and her children £150,000, and upon his daughter Ethel Lisette in like manner £120,000, and upon his son Arthur Walker in like manner £lOO,OOO.

The residue of the testator's estate is directed to be divided between testator's sons J. IL Walker, W.H. Walker, A. B. Walker, and J. M. Walker.

The old fashioned custom of decorating eggs for presents at Eas,er time, anent the origin of which there is considerable dispute. seems to be gradually dying out. In these days when many of the old and time-honoured customs are ignored this is to be regretted. An artist friend of mine tells me that eggs can be decorated and coloured in a most Interesting and beautiful way by a very simple process. She says that to dye an egg in variegated colours, take five or six odd bits cf bright coloured milk, which should be shreded out. Bind these ravellings round the eggs with a piece of flannel, tack a pin fast and boil in the ordinary fashion. The effect will be that the eggs will look like pieces of marble. To decorate with ornament, monogram or other devices, whatever pattern is drawn upon the eggs with a pen or small brush with oil and the oil allowed to dry before boiling, will appear in the original white of the shell upon the dyed eggs. The effect produced is very pretty. Yours very sincerely, JENNIE.

How To Catch Rheumatism. The plan is simple, and is invariably successful when diligently pursued. Clothe as warmly as possible, with flannels next the skin, and sealskins outermost from November to the beginning of March. Then on the first clear sunny day in March, when the wind is in the north or north-east take off all outer wraps, mantles, capes, sealskins, and the like wear gowns of a light and thin material, and go for a walk in the pa rk, or other open and unprotected place. Sit down full in the wind

Z. T• • , (i,(4-„,_; .4,.k.‘e)( 7:1 32. , nielt \! . 140 i#Q.l4f. 4

...,:v,.....,.. , y ,_,.. i /7 'IV' • I \\ \ I II li t4'4% y, t 1 fl ill it L 7. ;",, ~?,,,,Ta vr,z- • 1.71, \ 1 t,•', ~,,,,e,',,,,,, •V 1 ill ' ' V , 4 A ' 7 ,

, ..-'iN.1i,,,,,•.., . - • ... t .117•1.•,;, 'f-,.. 61,15.; • 'irtfil%‘ ;•;''';'E/1"':/,. 1,-#.0044. ' i 4•4'".-• ...; I. K'''",-,•,.. : . (141 p. ',. • 'Ye 4'. •A, , , .„, C ~..0,....vit, nit , ,:...:,...,,, v.... ~..--1,..',. ~3 - • ':1043E1 v 433 ''' .)>I: .4 ',' 1 • efg ‘ . - . ' ''.: -

===== 0002601_18930401_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WEALTH OF BREWERS.

With regard to the wealth bequeathed to their succes curs by men of his own trade, Sir Andrew Thsrclay Walker comes out first by a long way. This was no easy achieyemetr:, for although the profits of brewers, dis- tillers, and wine merchants have never before run into millions, they have each sucsessive year given increasing evidence of the fact that theirs is a money-making trade. Here is the list of liquor personalties exceeding £200,000 proved since 1886: Lord Hindop (Allsopps) E. 0. Coope (Ind. Coope) 542.000 James Jameson (Dublin whisky) D. Thwaites (Blackburn brewer) E. Whitley, M.P.' (Greenall and Co.) Ch. God ing (Lion Brewery) 409,000 Ed. Charrington (Anchor Brewery) Sir Ed. Lacon (Yarmouth brewer) 382,473 Geo. Trimmer (Farnham brewer) Viscount De Gandarhina (wine) 358,652 Ed. Greene, M.P., (Bury St. Edmunds) Ch. F. Young (Wandsworth brewer) W. H. Crawford (Cork brewer) Geo. Flenty (Petersfleld brewer) Rich. Berridge (Meux) 312,360 Th. Berry (Sheffield brewer) Wm. Hotham (York brewer) ' Pickering Phipps (Northampton) Col Deakin (Cheadle brewer) 250,000 Barclay Field (Cannon Brewery Co.) L. L. Wetherhed (Thomas Valley) Hugh 'Tennant (Glasgow brews) Sir Ed. P. Cowan (Irish whisky) F. W. Cozens (wine merchant) Fred Walker (Taylor Walker and Co.) 200,222 _..._

===== 0002601_18930401_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
HOT CROSS-BUNS.

The popular cry of" Hot Cross-Buns" on Good Fri- day, is so familiar to all who have lived in a town, whether large or small, that the reader might incline to wonder. upon the first view of the case, why sO appar- ently trifling a subject should be brought before his notice ; but two considerations may be suggested on this head; first, that ages upon ages have rolled away, and cross-buns have been regularly made at the Paschal season of the year ; and that which is ancient in its origin, will naturally, if only on account of its antiquity attract our curiosity as it passes down the long extended river of time. In the second place, though cross buns will be found to be heathenish in their origin, popish in their progress, and common in their continuance, they nevertheless bear reference to the Cross of Christ, _

Ceorops, one of the kings of Greece, about 16 cen- turies before the Christian era, is said to have first offered up to the Divinity the sacred cross-bread, called a bun, which was made of fine flour and honey. The Prophet Jeremiah, who flourished about 600 years "Lc., notices this kind of offering, when he speaks of the Jewish women at Pathros in Egypt, and of their base idolatry,—the cakes, which they offered up to the moon, the queen of heaven. This cake qr bun is therefore a species of bread,which originally used to be offered to the gods, and it was usually purchased by the worshippers at the entrance of the temple, and taken in by them, and eaten at the feast at the remaining parts of the sacri- fice; to which St. Paul alludes in 1 Con x. 28. It is a remarkable fact, that at Herculaneum were found two small loaves of about five inches in diameter, marked with a cross, within which were four other lines and so, we are told, the bread of the Greeks was marked from the earliest periods. Sometimes it had only four lines altogether, and then it was called " quadra." This bread had rarely any other mark than a cross, which was on purpose to divide and break it more easily. Similar loaves were discovered in a bakehouse at Pompeii. These towns were overwhelmed and destroyed by the voleanic eruption of Mount Vesuvius, A.D. 79. In the course of time, we find the Christian Church using cakes or buns, such as we have already referred to, and consecrating them ; these were bestowed in the church as alms, and likewise to those who, from any impediment, could not receive the host, or consecrated wafer, at the usual time of the celebration of the Lord's supper. These buns were made from the dough, from which the host itself was taken, and they were given by the priest to the people after mass, just before the congregation were dismissed ; and they were kissed before they were eaten. They were also marked with the cross, just as our present Good Friday buns are. This bun is the most popular symbol of the Roman Catholic religion in England that the Reformation has left to us.

Hot cross-buns have the usual form of buns ; but they are inwardly distinguished from other buns by having a sweeter taste ; and outwardly they are known by the mark of the cross,which has been greatly insisted on in Papal worship and devotion from the days of Con- stantine the Great, in the early part of the fourth cen- tury, to the present hour. We see, therefore, that the bun of the ancient Greeks was adopted by the Christians, and used as the only food on the day of the Crucifixion, because it possessed, ready at hand, a symbol of that solemn event. Thus then, the cakes or buns of Good Friday are marked with the sign of the cross, in remembrance of the Crucifixion of our Saviour. The aupellation of" Good," which has been conferred upon this day, is peculiar to the Church of England, and is accounted for by referring to the blessed effects purchased for us by our Lord's sufferings. The ancient title of the day was" Holy Friday" ; and the week in which it happens is still denominated "Holy " or " Passion week."

===== 0002601_18930401_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. BARNARDO AND THE STREET

ARABS.

In the "Strand Magazine " Dr. Barnardo tells an interviewer how he came to take up his present occupation. It was the winter of 1886. Together with one or two fellow-students he conducted a ragged school in an old stable. The young student told the oh ildren stories—simple and understandable —and read to them such works as the " Progress." The nights were cold, and the young stu- dents subscribed together—in a practical move—for a huge fire. One night young Barnardo was just about to go when,approaching the warming embers to brace him- self up for the snow outside, he saw a boy lying there. He was in rags, his face pinched with hunger and suffer- ing. " Now then, my boy—it's time to go," said the young medico. " Please, sir, do let me stop." "I can't my lad, it's time to go home. Where do you live ?" " Don't live nowhere, sir." " Nowhere. Where's your father and mother ?" "Ain't got none, sir." , " For the first time in my life," said Dr.Barnardo,as he was telling this incident, "I was brought face to face with the misery of outcast childhood. I questioned the lad. He had been sleeping in the streets for two or three years, he knew every corner of refuge in London. Well, I took him to my lodgings. I had a bit of a struggle with the landlady to allow him to come in, but at last I suc- ceeded, and we had some coffee together. His reply to one question I asked him impressed me more than any- thing else. "Are there many more like you ?" I asked. "Reaps, sir." 'He spoke the truth. He took me to one spot near Houndsditch. There I obtained my first view of real Arab life. Eleven lads—some only nine and ten years of age—lay on the roof of a building. It was a strange sight—the moon seemingly singling out every sleeper for me. Another night we wont together over to the Queen's Shades, near Billingsgate. On the top of a number of barrels; covered with tarpaulin, 73 fellows were sleeping. ,I had the whole lot out for a halfpenny apiece. "By God's help," I cried Inwardly, '"nr help these fellows." Owing to a meeting at Islington my experience got into the daily Press. The late Lord Shaftesbury sent for me, and one • Met at his house at dinner I was chaffed for romancing,', When Lord Shaftesbury went with me to Billingsgate that same night and found 37 boys there he knew the terrible truth. Su we started with 15 or 20 boys, in lodgings, friends paying for them. Then I opened a dilapidated house, once occupied by a stock dealer, but with the help of brother medicos it was cleaned, scrubbed, and white- washed. We begged, borrowed, and very nearly stole . the needful bedsteads. The place was ready, and it I was soon filled with 25 boys. And the work grew—and grew—and grew—you know what it is to-day.

EMINENT DUNCES. It frequently happens that the youth of high scholas- tic attainments do)es not meet with the success in life which his friends predicted for him, while the man dubbed" dunce," or "slow," makes surprising progress. Newton, the greatest of English philosophers, was a lag- gard in his classes when at school. Swift frequently wore the fool's cap. At the Dublin University, "he was by scholars esteemed a blockhead." Goldsmith's fame was grafted upon a boyhood of wholly unrecognised capabilities. At every school we hear of the" inspired idiot "of the future as a "shy, thick, awkward boy," the constant butt of his companions by whom he was thought to be "little better than a fool." Sheridan gave almost no promise in childhood of his future brilliancy. His mother pronounced "Richard Brinsley " to be the "dullest and most hopeless of her sons," and he was sent home from Dr. Whyte's academy with the reputation of being an impenetrable dunce, who wrote "think "for " thing" But he must have been able to think a thing or two oven in those days, for at twenty-six he had written " The School for Scandal." Douglas Jerrold, another and scarcely less keen wit of a more modern school, wrote "Black-eyed Susan" when h 6 was twenty- one, and contributed to " Punch" the immensely popu- lar " Candle Lectures" not long afterwards. But at nine years of age young Jerrold had been scarcely able to read. Gibbon was pronounced" dreadfully dull," and the utmost that was predicted of Hume in his youth was that he " might possibly become a steady merchant." Adana Clarke, afterwards so deeply skilled in Oriental languages and antiquities, was pronounced by his father to he" a grievous dunce," and of Boileau, who became a model for Pope, it was said he was a youth of little un- derstanding. Dryden was a great " numskull." As a boy Walter Scott gave few indications of his coming greatness, and was described by one of his early precep- tors as" the boy that has the thickest skull in the school." Doctor Chalmers was solemnly expelled from the parish school of Saint Andrew's, as an " incorrigible dunce." Ludwig, the famous geometrician, was also sent away from school after four years' ineffectual struggle to learn the common rules of arithmetic.

KAY'S COMPOUND, a demulcent anodyne expectorant for Coughs and Colds, 9id., 13id. Of all Chendsts.—Advt.

Beware of gloves having a red tint. Such is the ad- vice of Dr. Puy de Blanc, of Royat. Dr. Puy de Blanc found that a substance called " aurantia " is used to give gloves a red tint, and that it produces a skin erup• tion on the hands.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
kT7 0• FiethinsY,etedmi.

GIVE EA9E & COMFORT DURING TEETHING.

Pleasant, Cooling Aperient for Children of all Ages. Try them and prove their value for yourselves. Sold everywhere in packets, Is. lid. and 28. 9d., or post 14 or 34 stamps. J. PRITCHARD, OHIIMIST, CHBADLII. DUNCHEISTIIR Oats Chorltou Road).

===== 0002601_18930401_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
1440ellilk MAIN Di II1V? for wat,

UES A

===== 0002601_18930401_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
DARK WOOD

===== 0002601_18930401_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
A TALE OF LONEMOOR.

CHAPTER XXL A GLIMPSE.

Gwen had gone to London. Expelled from Lonemoor, the only home she had ever known, her enemies cruel and relentless, her friends cold and unsympathising, Gwen's thoughts had turned to her old governess, the best and truest friend she had ever possessed. Miss Granger, it will be remembered, had married a poor curate, and now resided in one of the suburbs of the . metropolis. Gwen decided to go to her. "She will find me something to do," the girl thought. "I must earn my own support hereafter. I would never have allowed the Quillets to support me as they have done if I had known." She had unfolded her plan to the old housekeeper when the two had retired to her chamber after the stormy interview with the bailiff. And Mrs. Quillet had approved her regolve. "I suppose it will be best," the old woman said, with a sigh. "I am tired of this continual fighting with the Orkneys. You have no society here, Miss Gwen, no one to talk to, nothing to occupy you. You must stay with Mrs. Myner until we can hear from the sciuire. Then, if he will do nothing for you, you can see about becoming a governess." Gwen made no audible objection, but she had not the slightest intention of waiting to "hear from the squire." Nothing could have induced her to accept charity from a person she had never seen, and whom she believed to be no relation to her. And any aid from Squire Markham she would have termed charity. "I don't think you will hear from the squire, Mrs. Quillet," she said. "There is one thing I must say 'to you before I go. lam very grateful for all you have done for me—for the money you have spent upon my education especially. I shall never cease to be grateful, although I regard those sums spent for rue as simply a loan, which I shall repay one day with interest." "As you like about that, Miss Gwen," replied Mrs. Quillet. "You may feel as independent as you please, and pay the money back if you ever have it to spare; but at the same time you are quite wel- come to it, and John and I don't look for repay- ment. What we did was done from a sense of duty. Your poor mother was a lady, and we couldn't allow her child to be brought up as a servant." 'Gwen stooped and kissed the old woman impul- sively, and then turned away in silence. Mrs. Quillet packed the girl's box while the latter put on her travelling costume. "Miss Gwen," said the housekeeper, when her task had been completed, and they were ready to descmd, "you can't be too particular about your conduct in the great world into which you are going. I don't like young Orkney's looks, nor his unreason- ing pursuit of you. They say he is going up to Lon- don. He will seek you out unless we conceal your address. I shall caution John to tell no one. Be on your guard also." Gwen promised, and the two went below. Gwen departed in the old pony-chaise with the old butler, as we have mentioned. Young Orkney made an attempt to follow her, to urge anew his suit; but his father detained him, imploring him not to dis- grace his family, and threatening, if he went after the girl, to disown him as his son, and to oast him off with a shilling. Believing that he could readily discover Gwen's retreat, Claxton made a virtue of necessity, and sub- mitted to his father's commands.

The butler drove briskly to Penistone. As they passed over the moor, he gave Gwen counsel similar to that his wife had given her, urging her to keep her refuge a secret, and asked her how much money she possessed.

"1 have three pounds left from my school allow- ance," answered Gwen. "That will take me to Lon- don."

"But you must not arrive there penniless. Miss Gwen, here are fifty pounds I got out of my wife's tea-caddy. She meant it for your winter outfit and the like. You can repay it some day if you wish, but I insist upon you taking it now l" He drew from his pocket a small canvas bag filled with gold coins. Gwen hesitated. Her pride tempted her to refuse it, but she reflected that she might need it, and the butler's offer of the sum as a loan saved her pride. "I will take it, and thank you, Mr. Quillet," she said. "I shall repay it, and all the money you have spent upon me. I shall deny myself every luxury until you are repaid. But money can never pay you for your kindness, nor can I cease to be grateful for it l" There were tears in her purple-dusk eyes that attested her sincerity. She put the little canvas bag in her pocket, and Mr. Quillet occupied the remainder of the drive in giving her such respectful and kindly counsels as a trustworthy old family servant might well have given his inexperienced young mistress under the lace circumstances.

They arrived at Penistone in time to catch the London express. Mr. Quillet placed his charge in a ladies' compartment, first-class, put her ticket in her hand, and bade her good bye. .

He was sorely tempted th go up to town with her. I She was too young, too beautiful, and too innocent to travel alone. But his enemies—he counted the Ork- neys and the lawyer as such in these days—were at Lonemoor in his absence. He was anxious to return to them and his wife. Gwen's destiny seemed to have been taken out of his hands. It might be best to let her battle with life at once. She must fight for herself hereafter. And so he let her go away alone. He waited until the train had steamed out of the station and was fairly on its way southward, and then he re-entered his chaise and drove homewards. Gwen settled herself in a seat by one of the win- dows and gave herself up to her reflections. She had three fellow passengers who had entered the compartment before herself—an elderly lady, a little girl, and a maid servant. The child slept, the elderly lady read a novel, and the maid looked out upon the landscape. None of them paid any attention to Gwen after the first scrutiny at her apparel. Our young heroine had been very miserable at Lone-moor. Her life had seemed for ever darkened. But the excitement and novelty of her journey, the complete breaking off of the old life, the uncer- tainty of the new, were especially healthful for her. She felt her interest in life returning. True, her lover had proved false—so she thought—true, her origin was disgraceful—true, that she was friend-

less—y—et, after all, Providence had placed her on this earth—had sent her all these trials, and she ought to bear them bravely and cheerfully. The Cross here, the Crown hereafter!

Not all this did she say to herself at once, how- ever. She had an heroic soul, but the lesson of resignation is not easily learnt. She was one to feel deeply, and deep feelings are not soonest dissipated. Her fellow travellers, with that reserve and exclu- s;yeness which finds its perfect growth in England, dIPI not address one word to her throughout the day. She might have been a stock or stone for all the interest they displayed towards her, or the notice they took of her. She was equally silent. The train steamed into the London terminus just at nightfall. A slight mist was falling. The guard assisted Gwen out last of all, and motioned to a cabman, to whose tare Gwen committed herself. She took her travelling bag inside the vehicle, and the driver put her trunk upon the box beside him.

"What E-tddress ?" asked-the cabman. Gwen had kept up an active correspondence with her former governess for years. She replied promptly— "Number eighty, Northumberland-terrace, Queen- street, Notting-hill." The cab started. As it moved out of the station another cab entered hastily to catch the night express about to start northward.

Gwen, looking from the window, half hidden by the little flapping curtain, beheld the occupant of that other cab, and her heart gave a bound, and she sank back white and faint. For the occupant of that cab was Ronald Chilton the lover who had wooed her on the Yorkshire moor, and who, hearing her story, had abandoned her. He looked years older than when she had last seen him. His face was graver than she had known it. A new nobility seemed throned upon it. Fair and handsome, he looked to her yearning eyes like a demigod I He did not see her. His cab passed on in haste. Gwen, finding strength, sprang to the window and looked after him for one last glimse. She saw him leap from his cab upon the platform; then her own vehicle rolled out of the station, and he was lost to her view. CRAFT= XXIL

===== 0002601_18930401_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
Al UNWELCOME ARRTVAre

iLerd Darkwood's valet had no difficulty in find. ing out the name of Miss Markham's child. A gratuity to the ostler who brought up his horse and vehicle as he came out from his interview with Mrs. Quillet, and a question or two, put him in posses. eon of her name. " MisEi Gwendoline Winter! Hum ! " he .said, impressing the name upon his mind; "that has a &Tie sound. And Miss Winter is the chtid of that

===== 0002601_18930401_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
woman who came here seventeen years ago, and a month later wandered away and died cas tte moor in a snowstorm ? " " The same, sir," replied the ostler. "She looks the real tady, awl cat ries herself as such. " She, nigh and mighty for her begiumngs, is Miss Gwen. " Ah, has she a lover !" asked the Maltese, care- lessly, climbing into his spring cart. " Tw.) on 'elo, sir," was the answer, delivered with a broad grits. "Young Mr. Orkney is mad :lafter her. He's gone up to Lannon to look her up: ?:whieli Mi.. Quillet wouldn't tell him her a.ldress. " She went to London, then?" "So they says, sir, but what friends she have in London, as she have no friends anywhere, can't be told. Belike, she goes to some relation of the Quillets. But they be close-mouthed, the butler and the housekeeper, and nought be known of miss's doings." "Who is young'Mr. Orkney?" "The bailiff's son, sir, which his father is mad at him for looking so far below him • and there was a gentleman over at the shooting lodge that madc love to her, too, but he went away sudden. He came back here the very day miss went away/ dressed all in mourning; but he got no satisfaction from any one here, and he went away that dis- appointed that he looked ghastly." "Two lovers," mused Pietro, taking up the reins) "She must be handsome—eh ?" "Yes, she looks well enough, but she's not to my taste," said the ostler. "Meg yonder suits me better." The valet touched up his horse and drove out of the yard. As lie crossed the wide expanse of moor he indulged in various speculations in regard to " Gwen, and determined anew to make her his wife. The fact that she had two suitors, in spite of the circumstances of her history, proved that she must be attractive, and made her all the more desirable as a prize. Besides, he knew her history, and would have married her, had he been able to accomplish the event, had she been lame, blind, and hideous. At the Penistone station he readily confirmed the ostler's assertion—Miss Winter had gone to London. Accordingly he betook himself to London. But there his search was blocked. Many youag women arrived in London daily, and how was one out of so many to be traced? He could not give the exact day of her arrival, and the station master and guards could render him no assistance. The cab- men whom he interrogated could not assist him. He could not describe Gwen, and had found that he might as well look for a needle in a haystack, to use the old simile, as to search in London for a young woman whom he had never seen. "I shall have to go bach to Yorkshire, and begin the thing all over again," he muttered. " I must find the girl. I will enquire what people she has known, what relatives the Quillets have and if the girl has been at school. But first of all I will ge back to Dunholm Castle. I must take care not to excite the signor's suspicions, or he'll lead this search and find her before me." Be returned to Shropshire with convenient speed. He found the new Lord Darkwood settled in his dignities and delighted with his lot. His lordship had already put into execution his early resolves to greatly increase the value of his rent roll. 110 had summoned his land agent to a private confer- ence, and had informed him that as fast as the leases matured the rent of the farms must be increased one.third. The land agent remonstrated in vain. The marquis was inexorable. He had also ordered the land agent to increase forthwith the rents of the labourers' cottages, of the cottages and houses in the village, and of all the building" including mills, inns, and shops, belonging to the Darkwood estate. "The tenants will never stand it, my lord," said the land agent respectfully. "The late marquis considered their interests and delighted in their prosperity." " Bother the late marquis l" interrupted the neW. lord. "Things will be very different now frottl what they were in his time, 1 can tell you. I shall grind the tenants down to the last penny. IC° Quixotism for me, 4 Get all you can,' is a goo" motto." "But more suited to a grasping usurer than to a noble lord of almost unbounded wealth," tnouo the land agent. It need scarcely be said that he kept this private sentiment to himself. Tne servants, too, had been made to feel the pressure of the iron hand that now held the Dark' wood property. It was very clear that the nevi lord would not be popular among his servants ana tenantry. The Maltese valet slipped quietly 1-mck to hl5 place of "gentleman's gentleman.' Lord Dark; wood made some inquiry after his brother, aeo seemed satisfied with Pietro's reply, but in realitY he was secretly dissatisfied. Fraternal affection was not one of the valet's weaknesses. The marquis did not believe that he had gone up to London for no other purpose than to see a brother who was ill. And if he did not go for that purpose, why did he go, and why had he assigned a false reason for his going? "Blamed if I don't think the beggar has some scheme going on," the marquis thought, 'unes-silid upon the very day just before Pietro s return, "all it must be a scheme he means to keep secret me. His interests and mine are the same. knows things about me that would utterly dc me, but he has been mixed up in most of the: He would make more money by sticking to me. there any way he can make any considerable einn in going against me?" The marquis reflected, and a cold sweat started on his forehead. ,S "Can he have any idea of working up that Markham affair ?" he thought. "Could he have gone up to Yorkshire to look after that girl ?" This thought seemed to inspire him with a live 9

terror. " Impossible I" he ejaculated. "He hasn't the brains for such scheming. He can't have gone there; How would he expect to make money out of I am too suspicious, yet I can't rid myself of haunting fear. By Jove, if he goes away again 1' have him watched. 11l watch him after he returss• If he thinks to play the traitor to rue, he 11 find 08 on my guard." Yet, when the valet appeared themarquis betrayed '0 no curiosity, and seemed to have no interest in Id journey. Still, Pietro soon became aware --more eY instinct than otherwise—that his master was keel); lag a keen yet furtive watch upon him, and tha kis lords..ip felt a secret distrust of him. " can't suspect what I'm after," thought the Maltese. "He'd never think me deep enough look after that girl. I must be on my guard. t shall not dare to venture to Yorkshire again Alb present:, and I may have to send my brother oe scout for me." About an hour after Pietro's return, Lord PI: wood, in full evening dress, for he was very vale! ilious about forms and ceremonies, descended to t.),, drawing-room. He was to dine alone, but ness in the midst of his novel grandeurs had 0° become distasteful to him. i ag He paced up and down the apartment, wafc3 ,0 his reflection in the various mirrors, in a supree"o- self-contentment. How all his ambition had bse gratified, all his wildcat hopes realised. lie W'st peer of the realm, wealthy almost beyond coroplieel honoured—a power in the land. Now lie would a wife fit to mate with a lord of Darkwood. Id would fill his stately home with guests. Ho Wee make a sensation in the fashionable world. All these thoughts passed through his mind 09 12, walked to and fro. And then darker thoughts $e ceeded. " I wonder if Clare's child lives," he said obl j self. "If she were only dead. But if she live,s,er ought to know it. I must know it. I must get'.'bie out of the way, so that I need not fear the 10,'99101di machinations of Pietro or any other. If t",ied squire were to return and try to pick up the toeroi thread of all this mystery, he might find n'e get rid of that girl. put it out of auY Per" power to cause me harm through her." lofts He set his mouth in a hard and terrible exptegf and his round fat face darkened with a . meaning. U lie wa..l still intent upon his subject, -- e air sound of carriage wheels on the drive withotit,lo. turbed his meditations. He listened with an five apprehension that something was wrono hpprehensions were doomed to be verified. was a noise of an arrival, a flutter and confusiVluot the hall, the sound of flying feet, the door to° e_4o9, ('j es, and his daughter from Malta, miss Geo Tollish, burst into his presence. (To be continued).

drYne°o TIFROAT IRRITATION AND COUGH. —Soreness 501 c- tickling and irritation, inolucing cough and affec;";be s. voice. For these symptoms use Ep S 5 Glycerine Joite° In contact with the glands at the moment they are ,8 eolr by the act of sucking, the Glycerine in these agreear fections becomes actively healing. Sold only in lxo' tins is. lid., label,ed ' JAMES EPPS & CO., H°MO.O Chemists. London." Dr. Moore, in his work on :red of Throat Diseases," says; "The Giveerine Jujubes prep Tames Epps and Co.. are of undoubted service as a ar palliative agent." while Dr. Gordon ifelme;l001, Pirrislelan to the Municipal Throat and gar " In a a3o'i writes: "After an extended trial, I have found cerine Judubesol considerable benefit in almost (;øSa throat dieease.'"—Advt.

./ fro'l 00 (estroY

===== 0002601_18930401_art0024.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r wilimonilAki ' ,

===== 0002601_18930401_art0025.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18930401_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
TILE COLUMBIAN EXHIBITION.

WHO DISCOVERED AMERICA ? ._The Americans are evidently considerably agitated as 1" who really did discover that country. There can be question that the discovery of Columbus led to the I.)cenpation of that Western Hemisphere by the Caucasian tace, but there are those who question whether Colum- _r was the first European who set foot on the Continent ✓ North America. While great honour is due Columbus for his persis- • t effort to find a Western passage to the East Indies ur Far Cathay " • fo.• Americans to remember that there it is are strong probabilities of earlier discoveries. Cambridge, Massachusetts opposite the cemetery Iluere rests the remains of the lamented poet, James Lowell, is a granite slab enclosed by an iron -'l"ng bearing this inscription : "On this spot, in the /par 1.000 Lail Erikson built his house in Vineland!, PeYelopecria g itannica gives credence to the fact that _ orsernou Jealed in Rhode Island prior to Columbus, a•Ud the author of Appleton's Encyclopedia admits that Probabilities are strongly in favour of the claims that lief Erikson, who sailed from Norway, was the first to moscover Massachusetts. There are more recent dis- eaPries. however, that are extremely important, and _Yee t the entire English-speaking race, but more 71ecially England. Mr. J. Robinson, residing at" West- wel(l" House, Knowl, Mirfield, Yorks, writes : " I con- hnt Warner's Safe Cure a wonderful discovery, and 41'e pleasure in testifying as to the good which I have reelved from its use. Having suffered for many years n_!°M chronic lumbago, frequent bilious attacks. as a re-' of a sluggish liver, causing bilious headaches, giddi- uess. fickle appetite, bile in the stomach, and extreme en_ ervation, and after having tried, without relief,a great TarlY medicines, as well as following doctor's advice, I .;leard of the discovery of Warner's Safe Cure and Pills (Obtainable 01 all chemists and dealers at 2a. 9d. and Slid d. per bottle), and decided to give tnem a fair trial, a,m pleased to inform you that, as a result, I am can heartily recommend them to those who 'Auer in a egr it similar manner, feeling sure they will not ret .”

===== 0002601_18930401_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
VIADUCT INSTITUTE EARLES-

TOWN. _- DISTRIBUTION OF PRIZES.

The annual distriisution of the prizes gained by atudents of the Science and Art classes held at ‘415 Viaduct Institute, during the session 1891-2, Mete distributed on Tuesday evening, by Professor lties Marshall, of Owen's College, Manchester. es occasion was celebrated by a tea party, concert and ball, on a large scale, held in the Lifting shop, ‘O,l the Viaduct Works. It is somewhat about four rats, since Lord Stalbridge, performed a similar ;service, and at that time the festivities connected XereWith were of a similar character, and held in 'us same building, in fact,the Lifting shop has done IlltY for such occasions for many years past, and a Icier room for the purpose, it would be difficult to Under ordinary circumstances the Liftiug shop, is not bY anY means a place one would choose as a ballroom, nt a visit on the present occasion would excite grew- sur- ?rise at the effect a little ingenuity,and a large amouut of „ahcoir can produce. For about three weeks past a large n.,'4ll2aber of workmen,underthe direct supervision of Mr.F. •SlarWood,chief foreman of the works, have been engaged 1„11 changing the aspect of the workday garb of the shop, and the result has been to make it more picturesque and „53' than has previously been the case. A spacious Oem has been erected in which the edibles for the tea -ce Prepared, and at the opposite corner of the room, is a cloak room and ladies' retiring room. At the entrance rd, is the refreshment bar, which is very capacious, osnscit Set, when the dancing is in full swing it has on t'"e s,_er occasions been found inadequate to accemmcdate . many thirsty souls who throng the bar. The room its divided into two portions, the first half being devoted soosth,c,tea, and at one side is a platform set apart for s'e—c'ailY invited guests. The other portion which is arated from the tea room by a canvas curtain, com- p_ es the concert room, a spacious platform running the slui 'width of the room, and it is here where the distribu- nch took place. A wise provision above the platform sourding board which stretches some distance into V., concert room, and enablesthose at the back, to hear vo..n:owMhfooiretsthhoeps,inging and speaking. The decoration oof th t e sandini, has ts or perhaps we should say, the ball- ‘u en carried out on a most elaborate scale, years generzl opinion that the efforts of previous throw "a" been greatlv surpassed. The room was onecorations. f:nsceirnosonmec.tion on Saturday evening, and Passed r -IL', a half a continuous stream of people who were loud in their praises On entering the room the first a ail,ent :111:hf:otrattt;:earid3tePuilerves, stretching right across is " Life is judern d°inffigruPitp.n„rtssity fleeting,experiment slippery, There are many other mottoes of plicablar nature about the room, each of which are ori- g.,. eto the occasion. In addition there are many -711 r nlcttcies, and a good number of views, both by rer and land, painted specially by one of the workmen s this event. A noticeable view, painted on a stretch canvas about 8 feet wide, is that of the cricket groilnd attached to the Institute, the scene being a cricket match.. Considering the short space of time allowed the artiste for the production of this picture,the result is really surprising and creditable. Bunting and ?ags of all nations are in profusion, and the pillars in :.he shop wear a festive appearance, produced by bunt- '4 of varied colours, and the general appearance of the Mont is of a most gay and attractive character. The Platform has been arranged with an eye to effect, and an the wall in the centre is "Success to the London and Aorth-Western Railway Co." As the designer ind chief 6UPervisor of the decorations, all the praise must be aWarded to Mr. Harwood, but he has been ably and Willingly backed up by Mr. G. Aldridge, and a large stall of workmen. The arrangements for the soiree, Its Part from the manual labour, have fallen upon Mr. T. "44mand, the secretary of the Institute, whose duties in rnnection therewith have been manifold. Assistance alao been rendered by the committee, as follows : ‘wes„srs. Joseph Emmett, D.Barcroft, J.Ellison, J. Smith, j R. Bailey, A. Skeen, W. Davies, W. Roughley, B. ~eaerison, and J. Barr. , a I:revision was made for about 1,500 persons at the tea, it may easily be conjectured that a large staff of , al;ziles for cutting up, and others for waiting, had to be ti ,!aged. Tea was served at half-past six, but some e before then the deers were besieged by a large -Ie twd of People, all of whom were anxious to get with- walls of the lifting shop. • esq Ben the general public and the special gues t s were grace was said, and an onslaught was imme- ' ba"eiY made upon the good things provided, and the that'? full of the tables was sufficient evidence justice had been done to them. After tea an atigiurnment was made to the concert room, where the Etssecisuent Proceedings were presided over by Mr. .T. W. I ea4heset, the President of the Institute, there were pre- ,,. kr 7 airS. Wynne Jones, Mrs. Ormand, Mrs. Brierley, • 8. T uarwood, Mrs. Collins, Mrs. Cottam,Miss Nickson, , (Ifessor Marshall, Messrs. C. W. Emmett, C. Nickson "cheater), C. B. F. Barron,C.C., R. Brierley,Ormand, liparwood, and the Revs. J. Allatt, T. Wynne Jones, ,J. Cottam, and T. R. Matthews. atiTshilst the audience were taking their seats the Via- ;Played several selections, and then the choir Ylth the well known Master Wood as Principal, 4ft4"; in an effective style the beautiful "II Bacio." r this • , The esis Uhairman in opening the business proceedings . of itahat he was sure he would be reiterating the feelings Iseetine Pathering, if he said that the meeting so far had ' Ale highly successful. (Applause.) He had the greatest fes:sure too, as he had no doubt they had, in seeing Pro- , Pror Marshall present amongst them. No doubt the • eivoc,,s,ssor was a stranger to most of them, hut he could A IStr, "nem his assurance that he was by no means a `!t.lZer either to the Viaduct Institute or the Technical unisttiltute. , (Applause.) Profesaor Marshall, together • whit „his colleagues, had been instrumental to a degree , forth Merited their warmest appreciation, in obtaining ' chlnstitute the grant of £25 from the Lancashire and age: `Lire Association,a sum which enabled them to carry iseel.—urse of most instructive and benefical University „ leoreeres at the Institute,durine, the past session. Those kis,,,,ree were well attended, and they had been pro- " tillfoT4 an additional £5O from the same Association,but Wey't"eunately the County Council could not see their .; fort award them the future grant ; a regrettable mis- roesTle which he knew was fraug,ht with disappoint- the students. (Applause.) However, they had I,7o'ich to thank Professor Marshall for, and therefore he ssiraeT take that opportunity on behalf of the Viaduct In- fer tise, to thank Profeseor Marshall and his colleagues, "e monetary assistance which they had been instru- oeetttal in gaining for them. k Applause.) He would now latulate the successful students upon the achieve- to rihey had made. But whilst doing so he wished thet,,V-und those students who had not gained prizes that 10;Y. Ought not to suffer disappointment to affect them, seer was a fact that often the best scholars in a school ree: through some slip or small mietake debarred from aps'iving a prize And then the successful students he theti'ld warn not .to become too lax or in any way relax the r,efferts and energies, because of the distinctions IcZoad received. The present was a time when it was tilili;Y necessary for the youth of Enaland to follow up less.,„ studies and become possessed of extensive know- vile" se that they may better meet the competition titnteh abounded on all hands. (Applause.) It was a to „e„new when the youth of England were called upon assV,tane knowledge and obtain scholastic achievements eossess themselves of all the advantages which ineee:l2li cal Institutes offered.so that in the face of the ever tiats'asine and ever extending competition of continen- ts, s-atione,they might by their superior wisdom maintain the commercial altitude of England amongst re,„'S'ations of the world. (Loud applause.) It would be En-,7 be re (I by some in that room that 40 or 50 years ago. the "d held the monopoly of many of the markets of of World. (Hear, hear.) That day had goneahe times arZr monopoly amid unhampered trade had vanished, its place had been set up a system of keen and imsurmountable competition competition Would require to be met and fought with bythose

possessing advantages and qualities even greater than tne qualifications which many of their continental com- petitors possessed. At one time they used to supply the Americans with a variety of machines and mechanical fittings, but America not only supplied herself now, bet had become a formidable competitor of England's. In 1830 they projected their first railway and they had had the honour of manufacturing and despatching to America the rails. And so they could fairly claim to the distinclion of having been immensely instrumental in the opening of the first American railway. Since 1830, however, the Americans had progressed considerably in the manufacture of iron. He was told that they pro- duced nine and a half millions of tons in 1890, against seven and three quarter millions produced by the foundries of this country. Then there were the Ger- man competitors to be taken into account. England used to supply them with axles and other parts of the mechanicism of engines, but now they were in a position to supply themselves and also compete with England in all the markets of the world. And they were succeeding in their competition chiefly by the aid of underpaying, or paying less than mechanics were paid in England. (Hear, hear.) Then there was Belgium to be accounted for, too. Be was sorry to see that the Belgians were sending iron and steel at a much cheaper rate than they could manufacture it in England ; they were sending it to the English markets and under selling the English merchants. He had been asked how was it that in, Sheffield cheaper Belgium steel railway axles could be obtained than English ones, and the only conclusion to arrive at again was that Belgian workmen were paid at a much lower rate thanthe English artizans. (Applause.) Therefore it seemed to him hardly the time for the work- men of England to agitate for the eight hours working day. (Hear, hear.) They were being borne down upon by a strength of opposition and competition which they could no longer ignore it was a competition which in- volved the welfare of the British nation, and it was a competition which they could only hope to meet by fighting their foreign competitors with the weapons they used. (Loud applause.) Professor MILNES MARSUALL, who was then called upon to distribute the prizes,expressed the great pleasure which he felt in being brought into contact with the large number of successful scholars who were there that evening to receive their well-earned prizes. (Applause.) At the outset he wished to heartily congratulate the suc- cessful students; but he would impress upon them tne great necessity of not allowing their recently-earned distinctions to lessen their enthusiasm or in any ,way interfere with the zest which they had infused into their studies hitherto. They must not be contented with the laurels they had won; they must only regard them as a result which should stir them on to better and higher attempts—(applause)—attempts at the attain- ment of better things in the future. Upon the successful student lay now a more responsible task than hitherto, for they would be looked to as students of higher courses than they had now gone through with success. (Ap- plause.) Alluding to students who had not taken prizes he advised them not to feel liscouraged, for although they had not been awarded marks of distinction, there was no doubt that many of them had only been debarred from receiving prize.; through a slip or error in a minor detail. (Applause.) It was impossible that everyone should receive a prize. Professor Huxley he thought it was, had said that it did not matter how often one tumbled in this life provided you were not dirtied by the tumble. It certainly did not matter how often one tumbled so long as it was not ignominiously. It was an admitted fact that most great men had only attained their celebrity by taking advantage of the lessons which they learned by their frequent tumbles. (Applause.) Referring to University Extension Lectures the Professor said he did not think the original motive of those lectures was understood and appreciated by the people of Lancashire as it deserved to be. The object of the movement was a two-fold one. First it aimed at assisting those who found it impossible to take up a residence of two and three years at the University to obtain the chance of securing education upon subjects which would be beneficial to them, and secondly they were lectures which were given in accordance with a demand made by the public for a more equal distribu- tion of the pivilege of education, rendered somewhat exclusive by reason of social standards. They were first started by the Cambridge University, and then by the Oxford University, and then ultimately by their own University of Lancashire—the Victoria University. (Applause.) They began seven years ago with one single course ; now at the end of the seventh year they found that there were no less than 99 courses. Year by year those courses were in- creasing. They found however, that the allocation of the grant was certainly not altogether a matter of satis- faction, for out of the 99 courses he had mentioned 66 were held in Yorkshire. He did not deny that Yorkshire deserved all the good things she could secure, but it struck him that Lancashire was a little remiss if she was going to allow Yorkshire to enjoy her share of good things. (Applause.) However, he thought the matter greatly rested in their own hands, as to whether they should have another course or not. If there was an audience to he obtained, and the people of Earlestown were really desirous that the course should be held there, it merely rested with them to so explain the matter to those who held the sinews of war—the money—and he believed they would secure what they desired. (Ap- plause.) The Professor then alluded to the choice of subjects at the Institute. He advised them to go in for as great a variety as possible, and he advised individuals not to merely select a subject because it would be useful to him in his particular occupation or profes- sion. The best thing to do was to select a subject as far away from their everyday occupation as possible—some- thing new to them and something which they could make:a " hobby" of. He believed hobbies were the most healthful and useful thtngs a man could have. They took his mind from the groove of his own every- day occupation and opened his interest to other things which were the fields of the occupation of others and which he knew nothing of. A hobby broadened the understanding and sympathies, and interests, and often leads a man's mind to a science or an art which he was particularly fitted for. (Applause.) The professor then proceeded to distribute the prizes.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
; tbe 1t .11 Lotflelv nc4 .030 been -ae ,„

. )ute, seel .0° roula

0 he sue. bifni veg :c ber ible 5: ola, 41°' 10 .00'5

the a cp • , s' ;tine' rbee 1)110 660

iro.Y1119): r'r Dee, aPited 0ce,.00, le ;Pat::id se -of trelive as7ctiolf,

===== 0002601_18930401_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

MONDAY.

In the House of Commons on Monday evening Mr. GrAnsToNn said the Government deemed it necessary that the second reading of the Home Rule Bill should be moved on Thursday. April 6, when the House would re- assemble after the Easter recess. Mr. A. J. BALFOUR moved the resolution of which he had given notice, de- claring—" That the action of the Executive in condoning 'serious offences and their failure to support and enforce the law are calculated to resuscitate the system of terror- ism and intimidation which formerly prevailed in Ire- land, and to bring the administration of the law into contempt." Mr. JOHN MORLEY replied in detail to the charges made by Mr. Balfour, and Mr. GLADSTONE spoke at some length in vindicatioq of the Irish administration of the Government. After a speech from Lord R. CHURCHILL the House divided, with the result that the vote of censure was defeated by 319 to 272—majority for the Government, 47._.___

===== 0002601_18930401_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
TUESDAY.

In the House of Com-M-o-n-s—o-n-rPuesday afternoon, Mr. BENN said he had found that a number of the signatures to three petitions which he had been asked to present against the Local Veto Bill were forgeries. The Speaker suggested that the matter should be brought under the notice of the Committee on Petitions. Mr. MLNDELLA, replying to a question put by Colonel Vincent as to the great decrease in our foreign trade in the six months ending with February as compared with the correspond lug period in 1889.90, said the comparison was mislead- ing, as the six months three years ago was a period of great inflation, whilst the other period was one of de- pressed and low prices. As to an alleged simultaneous increase of 115,000 trade unionists without employment, no such report had been made to the Labour Department , of the Board of Trade. The HOUR, went into Committee of Supply, and amongst other things dealt with esti- mates relating to the Royal palaces and the Houses of Parliament. In regard to. the latter, demands were made by hon. members for an inquiry as to the necessity of increased accommodation, but Mr. SHAW-LEPKVItH said it would be well to wait and see if under the flame Rule Bill there were to be fewer Irish members in the House. At the evening sitting Mr. E. H. Bayley moved s resolution declaring that it was incumbent on the Gov- ernment to provide at the public expense an effective lifeboat service on the coasts of the United Kingdom. Mr. Mundella deprecated the discouraging of the benev- olent action of the Royal National Lifeboat Institution, to whose usefulness he paid a high compliment, and the motion was defeated by 108 to 67. WEDNESDAY. In the House of Commons on Wednesday Mr. T. W. RUSSELL complained that a London newspaper In its Parliamentary sketch had spoken of him as a " tireless naercenry of Unionism." Mr. GLADSTONE said such criticism deserved the most vehement condemna- tion. He left it to the discussion of the hon. member to move whether the article constituted a breach of privi- lege. After discussion Mr. Russell thanked the Prime Minister for the generous way in which be had met the question and the incident closed. On the motion of Mr. Gladstone that the House should meet at noon to- day, Mr. GOSEHEN charged the Government with mono- polising the time. Mr. CHAPLIN, accusing Ministers of • unconstitutonal action, was called to order by the I SPEAKER. Mr. GLADSTONE, after a reference to the shilly-shally speech of Mr. Goschen, withdrew his • motion. Mr. P. A. MUITIGH moved the second reading of the Evicted Tenants (Ireland) Bill. Sir T. LEA moved its rejection. A long debate fdlowed. In the course of it Mr. JOHN MORLEY supported the second reading. At half-past five o'clock the debate was adjourned.

PUBLIC NOTICE.—Not one kilt HUNDREDS of people of both sexes with wrecked and debilitated constitutions are yearly restored to sound end robust health again by Messrs. Wilkinson, 3 and 4, Fitzallan Square, Sheffield. Write to them for advice free when Buffering from weakness, loss of flesh, appetite, disturbed rest, pimples, blotches, indiges.- tion, pallid skin, nervousness, and general debilty. Posi- tive cure for all Blood and Skin Diseases, acquired or consti- tutional. Sixty years' experieneo. One address (SS above) for over 30 years. The" A. 1 Mixture," 4s. 9d. the case. The Magic Mirror in envelope, four stamps. Sufferers d:sap- pointed with Electric Belts should write to us at onee.—Advt

===== 0002601_18930401_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
Til E EXXIOINER SATURDAY, APRIL 1, 1893. THE REV. J. W. VARLEY'S REPLY TO I APPOINTMENT OF OVERSEERS AT CAIRO-ST. CHAPEL, WARRINGTON. NEWTON SESSIONS. THE RECTOR. .44e0J WELCOME TO THE REV. W. H. DRUMMOND. „ At the Baptist Chapel,Latchford,on Sunday even- A crowded meeting was held on Monday evening ing,the Rev. J.W. Varley replied to statements made in the Unitarian Chapel, Cairo-et.' to welcome the by the Rector relative to the Baptist creed. There Rev. W. H. Drummond, 8.A., and Mrs. Drummond, was a large congregation. He said, they were who enter.- d upon their ministry at the Cairo-street given to understand by the Rector of War- Chapel, on Sunday. The platform was tastefully ringon, that in the 16th century the Baptists decorated with flowers, and a motto with the in- separated from the Church of England, that origi- scription "Welcome to Mr. and Mrs. Drummond" nally, therefore, they were members of the State upon it was placed over the platform. The chair Church, and conformed to its doctrines and prac- was occupied by Mr. W. Long, J.P., and he was tices. This was a misconception of their origin as supported by the Revs. W. H. Drummond, Dr. a religious body. It might be true, and no doubt Drummond, of Oxford, father of the new minister; was. that Menno Simonis and John Smith, vicar of J. G. Odgers, of Altrincham ; W. Mason, of Leigh; rough, and a great friend of Helwys, V. D. Davies, and L. Jack, of Liverpool, and Messrs. put themselves at the head of a number of followers F. Monks, and J. R. Beard (president of the provin- who practised immersion,and they might have been cial assembly of Lancashire and Cheshire). the instruments in God's hands of awakening large num- The CHAIRMAN said it would be in the knowledge of bers of people te this Christian ordinance. But was it those present, that some few months ago their minister, not true that there were then in existence in England,and the Rev. F. K. Freeston, was tempted by the offer of an had been for centuries, men and women who practised influential position in London, and that invitation hay- immersion who could not be said to have separated ihg been repeated he could no longer resist the tempta- f rom the Church of England because they never belonged tion. The consequence was, that the committee had to it. No one questioned the fact of the existence of thrown upon them the duty of finding a successor Baptists since the Reformatioa. The beginning of worthy of the historic past of the old chapel, a man who the in literary character and ability, and more than that, one who would help them in their religious life, to occupy the pulpit in that old chapel. They were very glad in being able to find, and to induce a gentleman to come among them, whose very name would be an intro- duction to any Free Church or Unitarian congregation throughout the country. (Applause.) He was a des- cendant of a stock well known to Nonconformity, but his own qualities were quite suffcient to ensure for him their regard. (Applause.) He had, previous to coming to Warrington, occupied positions both in Liverpool and Manchester with credit to himself and with very great good to the people amongst whom he had laboured. In Warrington, just now, they were being criticised and , called to order by a very estimable man, the presentj Rector of Warrington, a man of whom he would speakl in terms of the highest esteem and regard, a man who knew his duty as a clergyman amongst his people. But he (the speaker) must form his own opinion as to the advisability of the course he has taken in his Lenten services. In his instructions to the people he has been "holding forth" on the different forms of Nonconform- ity in the town and had taken them one by one. They ought to thank 'Mr. Monks for the very quiet, and he thought, sufficient manner of noticing the remarks upon the Unitarian position, in last week's public press. (Ap- plause.) He did not think that the Unitarians would wish to take up any theological disputes. The Rector of Warrington must know that throughout the world there were something over 300 different forms of religious be- liefs, and when any man could assume to himself to say which body is to have the right to choose which is right and which is wrong, he did not envy his spirit. The Rector might want a little information about the year 1662, when the noble band of men, clergymen of the Church, seceded from that Church rather than sub- scribe to certain articles. The then Rector of Warrington found his religious home on the site of the present chapel in Cairo-st—(applause) —where he ministered a great number of years. He passed on to say that they, as Unitarians—and he dared say the Rector would be astounded to hear it— cared very little for doctrine. They looked more to the pore and simple faith which was given to them by their great exemplar Jesus Christ. (Hear, hear.) An article of their faith was that they should chow forth their faith by their works, rather than by correct doctrine. The rector paid them the compliment of saying that they did some good philantropic work in the town. It was pleasant to hear even that although they suffered under such " awful errors." (Laughter.) He (the speaker) appealed to them to try earnestly to show their inheri- tance to those great and good men who had gone before them, and in the words of Paul, try to show that" in the way that some called heresy so iball they worship the God of their fathers." Before he sat down he would in the name of the congregation offer Mr. Drummond as hearty a welcome as Lancashire people could give. (Applause.) A short time ago they were called together to speed the parting guest now they were welcoming the new one, who he hoped would be among them a long time, and they would also join in the welcome, Mrs. Drummond. He hoped their connection with them would be pleasant on both sides. (Applause.) Letters of regret for inability to be present were then read, and amongst them were letters from the Revs. F. K. Freeston and Steinthal. The Rev. J. E. ODGERS said that he endorsed all that had been said of Mr. Drummond in the letters just read from so many of his brother ministers. He also knew the Warrington congregation, that they had endeared themselves personally and collectively to ministers whose ministry they had been privileged to enjoy. Be felt is though he knew them, as he knew so intimately Richard Pilchard, and Frank K. Freeston, and he could promise Mr. and Mrs. Drummond they they would do the same to them as they had done to the former minis- ters. In getting Mr. Drummond, the congregation got a man who had won his spurs in a very arduous field of labour in Liverpool, and also in Cross-st., Manchester, where he had developed strong powers of organisation and leadership. He looked forward with the utmost confi- dence to the connection which was that evening inaugu- rated. Mr. J, R. BEARD congratulated the congregation of Cairo-st., on the minister they had obtained, and he wished the blessing of God upon his workin Warrington. Mr. Drummond was as full of energy and devotion to his work as a man could possibly be, and he (the speaker) hoped he would find a co-worker in every one of the congregation. He sometimes thought that a minister was most useful, who did least himself and got other people to work for him. The Rev. L. Jams, a fellow student of Mr. Drummond spoke in high praise of him in his younger days. Mr. W. H. Wooncocx, on behalf of the Sunday school, welcomed Mr. Drummond to Warrington, and hoped he would give his attention to that institution. The Rev. W. 11. Deummorno, who was warmly re- ceived, thanked the members of the congregation for the cordial reception they had given him, and also for the kind way in which they had invited him to become their minister. When they invited him he could not say no. He would like to say that when they had such confidence in a man it seemed to enhance the sense of responsibility with which he undertook the work, and also gave him greater faith and confidence in his own power to work,if he only did it in the rigjit spirit. This was the third welcome of ministers he had attended in that room. He had attended the welcomes of his fellow students the Revs. Priestley Prime and F.K. Freeston and now it was Isis own. It was his earnest desire to become the friend of everyone both in the chapel and in the school. He believed very strongly in pastoral work. This work would take a considerable amount of time, but it was time extremely well spent. He hoped they would let him into their homes not as a stranger or a distinguished guest, hut on the platform of common friendship. He did not like being taken into the parlour when they lived in the kitehen. He thought that a congregation with a ihni sgt ory se positionc o ni clo tool l ngoonned in the works.tc wfin houghtope hoped o tthaek a ye wloeua Idd- rise to their responsibilities in this matter, and try to make the town a little brighter and better for men and women to live in. There were many ways in which they might develop into ways pf usefulness, and it would be his earnest desire to do something in this way. He hoped for the sympathy and prayers of the congregation. He thought nobody could worship in that historic chapel with its grand traditions still living in it,without feeling uplifted by it. He was also gratified by the musical ser- vice in the chapel. He hoped that his connection with the place begun this week would last a long time. (Ap- plause.) He did not wish to go through the experience of parting with his congregation again, as he had done in Manchester. He concluded by hoping that they would work well together,that the school and chapel would soon be too small for the good work. Dr. DRUMMOND next addressed the meeting and ex- pressedeacttihonata they hseeinghis sonWarrington a t t wouldhe Ca i rkoe- se tp p h atpheel . h is. C strong esahtopfd Nonconformist spirit which they bad in- herited from their forefathers, and hoped they would prosper in all good works. A vote of thanks to the Chairman, proposed by Mr. u Rymer Young, seconded by Mr. Drummond, was passed unanimously, and refreshments were supplied, after which the meeting separated. INTRODUCTORY SERMON.

The magistrates at the Newton Petty Sessions,on Saturday,appointed the following overseers :—Wm. Partington,lienry Bate, and John Kilshaw,Sankey Wm. Haslam and W. Fairelough, Buttonwood; George Ratcliffe and James Sankey, Newton; William Balharry and Wm. Alker, Haydock ; Thomas Warburton and Thomas Mather, Winwick- with - Hulme ; Peter Gratrix and T. Lowe, Rixton ; James Bennett and John Houghton, Poulton-with-Fearnhead ; L. Buchan and R. Owen, Southworth-with-Croft ; Charles Parker, William Ditchfield, and Wm. Millington, Penketh ; John Johnson and Joseph Humphries, Cuerdley ; Thomas Molyneux and Wm. Knowles, Golborne.

Fainsboi

" BOWIN' TIME!"

Wot is it poo's my sperrits up, An' makes me lung to hey a sup 0' eaur Owd Cheermon's "loving cup ?" • Its Bowin' Time !" (Eh, lads! he duz keep gradely stuff! An' beaut a shadow of a puff, Yo caunt tell wen yo'n had enuff I I'th' Bowin Time !) Like growin' lads, aw'm gettin' on; My Winter mopin's welly gone, An'—fact—aw'm quite another mon Its Bowin' Time ! Aw'm lungin"t see Owd Bashaw's skill; An'" Yethart " workin' wi' a will, To gie th' Owd Skoller's luck a pill— I'th' Bowin' Time! Aw'm switherin"t watch "Uncle James" Play one o' his owd-fashiened games— Short marks, an' sundry other skames ! l'th' Bowin' Time! An' truth to tell yo, aw shud like To tak' a lesson, heaw to strike. Fro Bontinental Jack or Ike! I'th' Bowin' Time! 'Twud do me good to see "Owd Bob," Weu gettin' warm, to scratch his nob. An' bias (or woss !) a stiffish job! Pth' Bowin' Time!

HILL CLIFF BAPTIST CIIIMICH could be traced distinctly to soon after that time, and he believed it was beyond doubt that there were large numbers of Baptists in this country who might be re- garded as their ancestors. Indeed, the Rector admitted that under different names in the second, third, and fourth centuries, and even down to the 16th century, Baptists existed. Was it true to say that these people did not belong to the Church? He believed so. Let him take a few instances of that interesting fact. About the year 600 A.D., Austin, who was sent to England by the Pope, found a society of Christians at Bangor, con- sisting of 2,100 persons. They were destroyed because they refused to baptise infants at the Pope's command. In the time of William the Conqueror they found that the Baptists had spread so rapidly that the Archbishop of Canterbury, to quote the words of Lanfranc, "see- jag that many of the nobles as well as of the poor had adopted their sentiments, wrote a book against them in which he complained as Archbishop Egbert did of the Cathari (Puritans), that they were very pernicious to the Catholic faith, for they maintained their opinions by authority of Scripture '—a great crime in those days, and still a great inconvenience to those who preferred the traditions and customs of men to the command of God. But the Baptists flourished in spite of the Arch- bishop's book, and therefore the King was induced to issue an edict that "those who denied the Pope should not trade with his subjects." When at the time of the Establishment of the Church of England by Henry VIII., and he himself undertook to settle what the people should believe, he drew up a set of articles of religion. One of those articles stated that the opinions of the Anabaptists were detestable heresies. They must remember those people immersed only those who had believed. They ignored the fact of infant baptism, and demanded believers' baptism. They claimed precisely what they claimed to-day; that persons should be im- mersed on a profession of faith, although those might have been sprinkled when infants. Those people ex- isted in the 16th century in large numbers, and no one, so far as they knew, ever said they belonged to the Church of that time. The Rector had also told them that they held "That Christ only died for a few elect of God, elected to everlasting life, and that the rest were formed by God for everlasting damnation." He called it "a grievous error or mistake." So they did. He said "it was an awful idea to have." So it was. THEY DID NOT CROSS SWORDS with him on that question. There might have been,and there might still be a few who held that doctrine, and who imagined, therefore, that they and they alone were the chosen people. It was possible for men even in the 19th century to hold error ; but the Baptists as a body would repudiate with horror such a view of the scrip- tures. If he were asked for the Baptist view, he should point to and quote the 17th of the 39 Articles in the book of Common Prayer. The Church of England and the Baptists were therefore at one in their interpretation of election as taught in the scriptures. Now let them take the Rector's view of their interpretation of baptism, and their position with regard to the constitution of the church. Very naturally his interpretation of the Church determined his view of Baptism. He believed in a State Church. He believed in a church that should include wheat and tares ; a church that should have within its meshes good and bad fish. Aiayone who ac- cepted the idea of a National Church must of course seek to have each individual In the community within its pale, for logically carried out, this idea of a National Church must include all, good and bad. Sprinkling the Infant, therefore, became the medium of entrance into the church. By the sprinkling, every child was made ,an inheritor of the Kingdom of Heaven. In the few drops of water that trickled from the finger tips, there mustof necessity be conveyed the grace of regeneration. A mechanical act was supposed to produce a purely spiritual result. A man was empowered by the Bis- hop's touch to come between the child and the Saviour, and to do for it what no saint, however distinguished for piety and intelligence, without ordination, was compe- tent to do. MEN AND WOMEN CALLED SPONSORS were made to promise for the child what no living man was capable of performing for another. And as if to prevent any mistake, the child was taught to say, in answer to the question, " Who gave you this name ?" , " My godfathers and godmothers in my baptism, where- in I was made a member of Christ, a child of God, and an inheritor of the Kingdom of Heaven." That was the way the National Church was built up; and all that was necessitated by the desire to perpetuate a State-controlled religion. Baptism, therefore, came in fora due measure of praise. They, the Baptists. rightly emphasized bap- tism, the Rector thought. But his views and theirs were not the same. To begin with they did not hold adult baistism. Over and over again had they:to empha- size that distinction. What they did hold, was be- liever's baptism ; which was a very different thing. All thatthey asked was that baptism—and by that they meant immersion—should be put where Christ put it. They did not make it, nor ask for it to be the door into the church, but a personal manifesta- tion of faith in Christ's atonement and forgive- ness of sin. Baptism did not produce that faith. In conclusion he knew of no body of Protestant Christians which had such valid and weighty reasons for maintain- ing its denominational existence as their own. If they were not so successful in the furtherance of those great objects as they desired, if through their remissness, or notwithstanding their vigilance, unbelievers gained admission, so that they could nct boast of the purity of the church, that fact did not derninish, but rather aug- mented the importance of their testimony being main- tained as a barrier to THE INROADS OF GODLESS MEN. Let them listen to the teaching of the English Church Union regarding baptism. The East Budleigh (Devon) peasantry were thus instructed in the sheet almanac : —" Rejoice in your newly-baptised bany. He is more yours than he was when you took him to Church. Before his baptism there was a barrier between you as wide as Christianity itself ; for you were a Christian and he was not. Now you are both Christians." Such teaching also came in with regard to the Lord's Supper avd to burial; for even the bread and wine acquired a sacredness which they did not possess before ; and even when death had severed soul and body this ritualism laid its clutches upon the lifeless remains. If the rite of baptism had been administered by a " priest," whatever the character of a man may be, he was committed to the dust as" a dear brother in hope of a glorious resur- rection." But if not, all the virtues a man might possess would not secure for him the right and privilege of Christian burial, so far as the services of the Church of England were concerned. Did not this spirit of ritual- ism be the authority of the Prayer-book, dog a man's steps all through his life? Did it not bend over his cradle, and mutter its falsehood in the ear of the infant? As the child stood at its mother's knee, did it not through the catechism instil its poison into his opening mind? Did it not meet him when he approached the communion table, and change a simple evening meal of bread and wine into a superstitious rite? In this pro- fessed Protestant Church they would find clergy who would give them minute directions for the use of the tcioonnfsestsoiotnhaelv. irTgliineyanwdoutoldtfihendsatinhetsm. uTthteeyrinwg ioulndvoficnad- the " priest" put into the place of God. The whole system, mitINSVIsaTS to bPCOIDEtsrIi d as to ER O THE feared, O it as o PRIEST, and and to make him and through him " the Church" the only medium through which God could he approached. P In the face of these thine s the Baptists had but one testimony to give. A distinguished historian had said " that it is the singular and honoured privilerse of the Baptists to have repudiated from their earliest history all coercive power over the conscience and actions of men with reference to religion." The Baptists of to-day could therefore but take up the same position. They did not believe, nor have they believed in the right of any Church t. call itself " the" authority in questions of faith and practice. At the cost of much suffering and blood their forefathers struggled for the doctrine of the headship of Christ. They followed in their footsteps so far as their witness was concerned. They wanted no persecution or legal restriction. They claimed to have the right to speak the truth as they conceived it was revealed in the Bible. If no bishop's hands had been put upon their heads, they had the blessing, of the Bishop of all the Churches. From Him they have received the consecrating fire,

Then, comin' worn, aw hope to see On th' Green here, mony a jolly spree, An' maybe put some "up a tree!" l'th' Bowin' Time!

They tell me "Peter" allus vows He puts a side on wen he bows, An' cannons, causiii lots o' rows! I'th' Bowin' Time ! Baur " Vicars" a gocd hond, they say; An' wen yo cheer him cn to play, Yole find he's never Myles away, I' th' Bowin' Time !" Ther's moor than him that's bad to byet, Sum sneezers that aw haven't met; But, ne'er mind, aw'm not freeten't yet— Its Bowin' Time! But this, aw'm not the least i' deaubt, IVe'st never squobble er faw eaut A squobbler we con do witheaut— l'th' Bowin' Time!

So here's good luck to one an' aw, Wo play win' th' reet bond or keagh paw; An' wotsoever may befaw, We'll play fer love, an' breyk no law! Pth' Bowin' Time! T 113,1 0' PEGS.

Rose Bonk, 30,3, 1893.

GOVERNMENT -INQUIRIES AT

ST. HELENS.

SEWAGE, HOSPITAL, AND LIBRARY SCHEMES. Major-General C. Phipps Carey, ILE., an inspector of the Local Government Board, held inquiries at the St. Helens Town Hall, on Friday, into applica- tions made by the St. Helens Corporation to borrow money to complete the main sewer and construct outfall works at the Double Locks ; to erect addi- tional pavilions at the Infectious Diseases Hospital' for gasworks purposes ; and for promoting a branch library at Farr. There were present the Mayor (Mr. A. Sinclair), Alderman Gamble, C. 8., Alderman J. C. Gamble, Alderman R. Pilkington, Alderman T. Cook, Alderman J. M'Bryde, Councillors J. Forster, H. Martin, A. J. Foote, J. P. Mearns. and J. Burchall, and Messrs. B. A. Dromgoole, G. Welsby, W. J. Jeeves (town-clerk), G. J. C. Broom (borough surveyor), S. Glover (gasworks manger), A. Lmcaster (librarian), J. Brown (borough treasurer), Drs, M'Nicoll and Robertson (medical officers), Mr, Carter Bell, and Mr. G. T. Lee (deputy town- clerk). The Town-clerk explained in detail the features of the sewage scheme, and Mr. Broom, the borough surveyor, described the present Main intercepting sewer from Spray's Bridge to Ashcroft's Bridge. He said it was proposed to continue it from the latter point along the valley, over the Rain- ford Brook, under the Blackbrook branch and Havdock branch of the L. and N.-W. Railway Company, and then on to the land (10 acres) which had been purchased near the Double Locks for the purpose of dealing with the sewage. The new portion would be 5,323 'feet long. The gradient would be 1 in 1,483 for 3,100 feet and 1 in 1,684 for 2,223 feet. At the land, which was the only piece available, it was proposed to erect six tanks, each 153 feet long by 33 feet wide and 8 feet deep, capable of containing 168,210 gallons, making a total of 1,009,000 gallons, which at the present time is nearly as much as the dry weather flow. The sewage would be allowed to flow into the tanks alternately, each one being filled before they commenced on another. He estimated the cost of carrying out the whole of the works at £25,5000, made up as tollows :—Sewer from Ashcroft's Bridge to Boardman's-lane, £11,502 ; from Boardman's-lane to outfall works, a short distance, £3,598, which was rather expensive ; tanks, £9,400 ; and machinery and filtering process, £l,OOO. The Town-clerk (Mr. W. J. Jeoves) said ho had not heard of any opposition to the four schemes. He then stated that the borrowing powers of the Corporation were £320,000. Dr. R. ArNicoll, senior medical officer for the borough, said since the construction of the first portion there had been a general improvement in the health of the borough and a great diminution in the number of cases of typhoid fever. Dr. Robertson, B.Sc. assistant medical officer, said that from the fact that Chemical waste heaps which were forty or fifty years old were still giving off drainage, if all the chemical works of St. Helens were to be shut up at once it was probable that this chemical action would go on for fifty or one hundred years longer. The the etrosw passed under by yte lheeaakpasg, eand o t a t into many points in the sewers and were likely to do so. then chemicals waste a Mr. Carter Bell said he had traced the sewage three miles down the stream and found it unchanged. He had inspected the experimental tanks, and found what he should call putrified sewage. The chemicals in the St. Helens sewage were far in excess of what were re- quired for purification, and he should not tear to turn raw sewage down the, brook. In St. Helens he found the very chemicals which in other places were used specially for precipitation. Evidence was then taken in the matter of the exten- sion of the Infectious Diseases Hospital. It was proposed to erect two blocks so as to accommodate twenty-four beds and purchase an additional acre of land. The cost would be £4,000. The plans had been drawn out and met the wishes of Dr. Thorn, of the Local Government Board. There would be an area of forty feet from the wards to the boundary wall, and as a street came next, it would be seventy feet to the nearest house. The other two inquiries were :—To borrow £B5O for the purchase of land and the erection of a branch pub- lic library at Parr ; and for the erection of tar-distilling works at the gasworks, at a cost of £2,500.

The Rev. W. 11. Drummond commenced his ministry at Cairo-st. on Sunday, when he took for his text, "The spirit of God dwelleth in you," 1. Cur. ill. 16, and "Now ye are the body of Christ and severally members there- of," 1. Cor. xii. 27. He said that religion in recent years had been on a long journey but it had returned to its maly safe resting-place, retiring from its outward defences, that it might control and inspire the inner man of the heart just in proportion as men kept the windows of the soul transparent and left some space for God with- in, free from false ambition or the corrosion of evil thoughts. That was the kernel of religion which could not be destroyed. If religion was to be much to them it must be in that way. And for this reason : faith had long been identified with a certain body of knowledge partly speculative, partly historical and scientific, with- out which it was supposed it could not be. Now, that partnership had been dissolved. One fact after another to which men of a former generation attached religious importance had yielded t) the pressure of investigation. Let them transfer the emphasis of their religion from outward observance or a pious routine of conduct to those recesses of their naturo which could be open to the eye of 'God alone. Some men were not helped at all by being told to look into their own hearts. The divine secret might be hidden there, but they did not possess the key to unlock it. Faith was preserved in strength and purity, nGt by keeping it locked away in their own hearts, for solitary prayer and meditation. Without these it was true they could not live at all, but they ex- posed it to great peril if they withdrew it from the sphere of human sympathy, and the kindling influence of the common realization of the truth of God. In the evening, Mr. Drummond preaching an interest- ing sermon appropriate to the season to a large congre- gation iook for Ids text the account of Christ's entry into Jerusalem, Luke xix. 37-40. Mr. E. Wilmot Gaudy presided at the organ.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
'NEMESIS."

At West Bromwich on Wednesday Robert Spever, chemist, and Sarah Clansey were committed for trial for the murder eight years ago of a young woman named Eliza Ann Evans. It was aheged that Clansey caused Evans's death, and that the body was destroyed by chemicals.

31(1,t'arifoaniiTia!lictis,atisP.ILALast.greeably aperient, 131 d.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ENORMOUS PIECE OF COAL

An enormous cob of cannel coal, from the Wigan Junction Colliery, has arrived by train at the Alexandra Dock, Liverpool, for shipment to Chicago. It is said to be the largest block of coal ever dug from the earth, and weight over 12 tons. In getting this cob to the surface many men have been employed, and it took nine months to hew it out of the seam. The cost of obtaining it was £l,ooo—about £B3 per ton. When raised the cob was enclosed in a case of planks, the weight of cob and case being 13 tons 11 cwt. It was placed on board the steamer Philadelphian by means of ropes and chains attached to four pully purchase blocks with a 6in. wire rope span. M a precaution against the masts giving way under the great strain of the lifting gear attached to them, preventive guys were placed fere and aft.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
TliE LIQUOR QUESTION IN NEW ZEALAND.:

EXTRAORDINARY INCIDENT. The temperance party in New Zealand lately gained a great triumph at Sydenharn, Christ church, where a teetotal bench refused to renew any of the licences. Their elation has been rather damped by a judgment just delivered by the Supreme Court, to whom the ag- grieved publicans appealed. The court decided that the wholesale closing of the Stklepham hotels, without regard to the rights of the applicants or the requirements of the public, was a vicious miscarriage of justice, and directed that the applications must be dealt with one by one on their merits. In addition to this, three out of the four judges who heard the appeal have "declared that avowed prohibitionists are morally dil,qualified from acting OD licensing committees."

===== 0002601_18930401_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHOCKING DISCOVERY IN A WIDNES HOTEL.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
OPENING OF THE INQUEST.

On Saturday afternoon, 31r. Brighouse, county coroner, opened an inquest at the Widnes Police Court on the body of a newly-born female child which was found in the Commercial Hotel, Apple- ton, near Widnes, on Thursday evening last. The facts which have up to the present come to the knowledge of the police are as follow :—On Saturday last a woman named Sweeney, who is between forty and fifty years of age, came over to Widnes from the North of Ireland, and went to Mr. Samuel Hurst, landlord of the Commercial Hotel, and applied for a situation as domestic servant. She represented herself as a married woman living apart from her husband, and Mr. Hurst engaged her. On Wednesday morning she was called about six o'clock, but a considerable time elapsed before she came downstairs. She then complained of feeling ill, and lay down on the sofa. Mr. Hurst's suspicions were aroused, and he sent for a midwife, who came and saw the woman. The midwife did not stay, and on Thursday certain information coming to the knowledge of Superintendent Keighley, he had the hotel searched by several constables. The result was that the body of the which is fully developed, was discovered wrapped in an apron in a lumber room, which is close to the bed- room occupied by the prisoner. At Saturday afternoon's inquiry only formal evidence of the finding of the body was adduced, and in order to give the woman time to recover and the completion of the post-mortent, the inquest was then adjourned until April 5.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN CRICKET CLUB. ANNUAL DINNER.

!Of)

The annual dinner of the members of Runcorn Cricket Club, took place at Wilsen's Hotel on Friday night last week. The dining room had been taste- fully decorated by Mr. Steele, draper. Mr. C. Dutton, the proprietor, had provided an excellent repast, to which ample justice was done. Mr. S. Taylor, the president of the club took the head of the table, and the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi occupied the vice. chair. Amongst those present were Captsin G. Ashton, Messrs. J. R. Frith, W. B. Frith, A. Nergle, J. Booth, Wynne, W. Carroll, A. Crosby, H. Wright, Cyril Chant- ler, W. Jones. G. S. Frith; James Taylor, Annett, Bate, Galley, and Woods. The President proposed the health of the Queen and Royal Family which was duly honour- ed. The Army, Navy, and Volunteers, was the next toast also given by the President, coupled with the name of Captain Ashton, who responded. Mr. J. R. Frith gave the toast of " The President." He said it was the anxious endeavour of Mr. Taylor to help forward every good work, and whatever he put his hand to he performed thoroughly. In the welfare of the rising generation he especially took a deep and active interest, and to Runcorn Cricket Club he had ever been a true friend, and an ardent supporter. The ' toast was received with musical honours. The President in reply, said it was always a pleasure to hila to further any good cause in Runcorn, whether for young or old. (Hear, hear.) He was confident that Runcorn Cricket Club had a brilliant future before it. He was pleased to know that there were many who gave their attention to cricket and other games, such as foot- ball and lawn tennis, which tended to develop them in a physical as well as a mental sense,. He was pleased to hear that the Runcorn Cricket Club were advancing their position, and that they had fixtures with stronger clubs than they had competed with in previous years. He should like to see more interest taken in the game, so that ere long they might have one of the best clubs in the county. The next toast was " The Ladies " given by the Presi- dent and responded to by Mr. Arthur Crosby. The President gave " Success to Runcorn Cricket Club," and Mr. G. S. Frith, captain, and Mr. James Green vice-captain responded. Mr. Frith said that matches for this summer had been arranged with Liver- pool Police, Winnington Park, Weston, Clubmoor, Birk- enhead Victoria, Widnes, Chester, Gateacre, and other clubs. The committee had secured another professional, and he thought the members would be satisfied with him. He was a first rate stumper, and had played for the Lancashire colts against the County, which was a very fair recommendation. Last season he was engaged with Rock Ferry. Mr. H. Wright proposed " The Veterans," coupled with the names of Messrs Gatley. and Woods, of whom he related some interesting reminiscences. The President gave "The Visitors'" coupled with the name of Dr. Gastaldi whose genial happy face they were happy to have amongst them. The toast was drunk with musical honours.—Dr. Gistaldi in responding expressed his determination to be present at their matches in future, and he would encourlge those people he influenced to take a deeper interest in the game, which tended to develop the body and to infuse grerter vital- ity into it. He had always admired the energy with ' which the English people entered ipto their sports,which • bethought played no small part in the formation of character. The other toasts were" The town and trade of Run- corn." responded by Mr. Cyril Chantler ; the health of the club's worthy friend and supporter Mr. J. R. Frith ; and the Host and Hostess (Mr. and Mrs. Dutton). The proceedings were enlivened by songs and instrumental selections and recitations given by Messrs. Nergle. Cyril Chantler, James Booth. and 11. Wright. Mr. C. Le Con- teur was the accompanist.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES WOMEN'S_ LIBE RAL

-ASSOCIATION.

The annual meeting of this association was held in the Liberal Club, Widnes, on Saturday night, Mrs. E. Stewart Brown, president, occupied the chair. The bon sec. Miss Deacon read the report which stated that since the formation of the association a year ago the membership had increased to nearly 700, most of whom lived in the borough of Widnes. The members had given valuable assistance during the County Council and the Parliamentary Elections to the Liberal candidates, and though in the Parliamentary election, the Liberal had not been successful, the large reduction of the majority of the Conservative member was no unimportant victory for the Liberal party in the division. In the course of the year various meetings had been held by the association, addressed by Miss Ryley, Mr. Shores, Mrs. E. Stewart Brown and Countess Alice Kearney, and the attendance of members showed that the meetings were greatly appreciated by the Liberal women of Widnes.—The officers were unanim- ously re-elected, viz: President, Mrs. E. Stewart Brown; hon. secretaries Miss S. and Miss H. Deacon ; hon. trea- surers, Mrs. O'Keeffe and Miss Morrison. The list of vice-presidents include Mrs. Gossage, Mrs. Timrnis, Mrs. E. K. Muspratt, Mrs. Deacon, Mrs. Henry Brunner.-- Mrs. Stewart Brown thanked the members for the honour they had conferred on her by electing her for al second time their president and briefly referred to the work of the association and also to the prospects of the Liberal party in the country. Amongst the many bene- ficial bills introduced by the Liberal Goverument, they, as women, noted with particular pleasure the Parish and District Councils Bill which provided for the election of women to these councils. At the conclasion of the busi- ness an interesting pnAgramme of music and recithtions was performed, in which Miss H. Deacon, Miss Carey, Mr. H. Wade Deacon and Mr. Morrison took part.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTION OF RUNCORN GUARDIANS.

THE NOMINATIONS.

Mr. John Ashton, returning officer of Runcorn Union, on Wednesday, published the following list of nominations he had received for the forthcom- ing election : Acton Grange—William Henry Jeffrey Jenkins, solici- tor and farmer. Alyanley—Arthur Greenwav, farmer. Antrobus—John William Newall Tanner, clerk in holy orders. Appleton (2)—Charles William Davenport, builder ; Joseph Knowles, farmer •, John Whitlow, far- mer. Aston and Aston Grange—John Parkinson, far- mer. Bartington—Enoch Jackson, shopkeeper. Bud- worth—John Mclntyre, farmer. Clifton—Joseph Stokes, farmer. Crowley—James Whitlow, farmer. Fiutton—Thomas Baxter, C.C., farmer Frodsham (2) —Joseph Corker, labourer ; Henry Edward Heywood, chemical manufacturer ; John Moseley Williams, gentle- man. Frodshans Lordship (I)—John Hartley Har- greaves, retired decorator and paperhanger ; Thomas Lewis, farmer. Halton—James Hanby,Wesleyan Minis- ter. Hatton—James Parr, gentleman. Helcby—James Brandreth, colliery agent. Keckwick and Daresbury— Alfred Broome, farmer. Kingsley—Samuel Woodward, farmer. Kingswood—William Ellison, farmer. Manley —Samuel Horton, farmer. Moore—John L. Jones, Inn- keeper and ' farmer. Newton-bv-Daresbury—Eaton Bretherton, farmer. Newton-by-Frodsham—Joseph Hall, farmer—Norley—William Pickering, farmer Norton and Stockham—Josenh Wallworth, Baguley, farmer. Preelton-o'-th'-Hill—William whitlow, farmer. Runcorn .(/).—John Bate, grocer; Samuel Coventry, clothier and hatter; John Baptiste Gastaldi, clerk in holy orders; Henry Joseph Grine, saddler; Thomas Handley, iron merchant; William Handley, actuary; Edwin Imison, pawnbroker; David Flenry Jones, general draper; George Henry Kirkham, greengrocer; Benjamin Kniveton, coal agent; Thomas Lea, confectioner; Alfred Robert Norman, earthenware manufacturer; Frederick Norman, manager of works; Samuel Taylor, lime merchant ; George Torrie, gentleman; Samuel Yarwood, cab proprietor. Stretton—Charles Thomas Whitley, architect. Sutton—Jno. Edwin Bate, farmer. Walton Inferior—Job. Weir, farmer. Walton Superior—William Turner, farmer. Weston (2)—Edward Aaron gentle- man;,l Thomas Ford, farmer. Whitley Inferior Mounfidd, farmer. Whitley Superior and Seven .oaarkless, George Priestner, farmer.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
XSTOP ONE MOMENT! "OH! DEAR, DOCTOR, MUST MY DARLING DIE ?" THERE IS VERY LITTLE HOPE, BUT TRY TUDOR WILLIAMS' • '

PATENT BALSAM OF HONEY, fl* THERE IS NO MORE TRYING SEASON FOR THE HUM AN CONSTITUTION THAN THE PRESENT WEATHER.

Beware of the sunshine in the day and the cold winds at night. Should you catch a cold, nip it in the bud by taking the Certain Remedy,

===== 0002601_18930401_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
TUDOR WILLIAMS' BALSAM. OF HONEY.

Thousands of Children have been Saved from an Untimely' Death by the prompt use of Tudor Williams' Balsam Of Honey. No Mother should neglect to keep this Infallible Remedy in the house ready for any emergency. Remember that it is wiser to check a slight Cough at the commencement than to allow it to develop into a lingering complaint. Ask distinctly for Tudor Williams' Balsams of Honey,and see that you get the right article. Thousands of Children Cured from Whooping Cough and Bronchitis when all other Remedies fail. Persons suffering from Difficulty of Breathing should I give it a trial.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
NOW CODINIHNDED BY PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.

When you are distressed with a miserable cold, nose' bunged up. throat sore, limbs aching with a general feeling of smothering, a few doses of the Balsam of Honey will clear" the wretched symptoms away, almost before you know it. There is nothing like it en the market ;it is thoroughlyup to date; it trickles into all the system. A true triend, prompt and reliable in its action. Just another word. When you ask or send for Tudor Williams' Yatent Balsam of Honey, do not allow anybody to persuade you to purchase something else. If you do you simply throw off the genuine article and take on with a false one. Wonderful Cures Daily. Thousands of Testimonials to hand from all parts of the World.

There

===== 0002601_18930401_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
SPONTANEOUS TESTIMONY. WORTHY OF YOUR CONSIDERATION.

Sir,—My wife desires me to say that your Tudor Williams Balsam of Honey has proved a most valuable medicine in our large family (eight children). As soon as a cough or cold makes its appearance a dose of Tudor's Balsam is at once administered, and this treatment is followed up until the cold disappears. Before using, the Balsam in our family the child- ren have been prostrate with colds for several weeks, but now, by taking doses as directed, they seem to stiffer very little inconvenience. During the short time the cold is upon them the action of the Balsam is marvellous, and the little ones take it readil3 and ask for more.—WALTER J. BRETT, C.M.. Headmaster, Severn Tunnel School, March 16th, 1892. PHYSICIANS HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT

THERE IS NO REMEDY UNDER THE CANOPY OF HEAVEN equal to Tudor Williams Patent Balsam of Honey for a Win- ter Cough. If your children or friends are losing their grip on life and scarcely able to breathe, they should try Tudor Williams' Patent Balsam of Honey. For weak-chested men, delicate women and children. It cures when all other remedies fail. It cures Cough, Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma,Tightness of the Chest. It cures thousands of children of Bronchitis, and NVhooping Cough. It cures for one shilling when pounds have been spent in vain. Do TRY IT. You WILL NETER REGRET IT 1

===== 0002601_18930401_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
READ WHAT PUBLIC MEN THINK OF IT.

"My Children's Cough and Bronchitis have been com- pletely cured OR several occasions by the celebrated Tudor Williams' Balsam of Honey. The tight-breathing and pain in the chest and hoarseness they suffered was dreadful, but on taking the Balsam of Honey they had immediate ease. It acts like a charm on them. I am certain the more the Balsam is known the more it will be appreciated. " lam, Sir. "Yours truly, "Alderman Tao:Ass PHILIP WHITE.' " MiteSyCWMMer." Via Cardiff.

Sold by allZhemists and Stores all over the World in Is. lid. 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. bottles.

See you yet tho right article.

Sample Bottle sent poet paid for Is. 3d., 35., and 55., from the Inventor.

D. TUDOR WILLIAMS, R.D.S.L.

MEDICAL MALL, ABERDARE, WALES.

MRS. S. A. ALLEN'S W ORLD'S

HAIR RESTORER

Not a temporary expedient but a permanent restorer. The hair is changed to its natural colour, and has all the luxuriance of youth. RESTORES THE

===== 0002601_18930401_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
YOUTHFUL COLOUR.

Quickly changes grey or white hair to its natural colour. A per- fect hair dressing, delicately perfumed.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
MESSRS. CROSFIELD'S EMPLOYES SOCIAL EVENINGS.

On Saturday evening, the last of the series of the social evenings promoted by the employes of Messrs. J. Crosfield and Sons, of Bank Quay Soap Works, was held in the Workmen's Mission Room. Mr. A. H. Crosfield occupied the chair. A feature of the concert was the appearance of the famous Mons. Rosetti as solo pianist, who played several selections in the highly accomplished manner. which has gainedhim celebrity. The " Campanello " (Liszt Paganini) was an unequivocal success in point of execu- tion, and the audience showed their appreciation by emphatic applause and a recall. Miss N. Roberts, and Miss Dalby, Mr. A. Griffith. Mr. J. Haynes, and Mr. W. Massey were the vocalists. "On the Doorstep" and " The Miller and the Maid " by Miss N. Roberts were in every way a success. Miss Dalby contributed" When the leaves begin to turn " and "I dreamed a dream." Mr. A. Griffiths received an encore for his fine rendition of "In '54," and in response gave " Johnny Sans." He also sang'' The Middy " which still further pleased the audience. Mr. J. Ilaynes, although indis- posed, sang " The Waiter" in good style and he recoived an encore. He also sang " The Missus " and " I've worked eight hours to-day." The comicality he infused in the pieces caused uproarious applause and laughter. Mr. W. Massey sang "The Boys of the Old Brigade," and "The Wolf," and received an encore for his rendi- tion of the latter. Mr. G. Whitfield gave two Lancashire recitations " The Boggart on'th Stump" and " The Respectable Mon" in an excellent manner. Miss A. Willet recited " Curfew must not ring:. to-night" and in response to loud applause she recited " The Little Pilgrim."—Mr. A. H. Crosfield, at the close of the con- cert said they had now brought to a close their series of social evenings for the season. He hoped the concerts would not la p e,but rather develop. There was,he said ,an old maxim which a professional gentleman present could endorse—" that it is a good thing to leave off with an appetite." Certainly musical culture might grow to wonderful results from small beginnings. So far as he could, he would be glad to get some of his friends to , assist them—(applause) ; but the thing was really in their own hands. He hoped they would give the cOa- certs their best support, and that they would have other and extended undertakings next winter and in subsequent years--k vote of thanks was passed to the Chairman, and to the ladies and gentlemen who had taken parts in the entertainments, on the proposition of Mr. Willet.

ARE YOU ILL? Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago. Piles, Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaints, Diseases of Kidneys, Madder, Urinary Organs, Stone, Gleet, Stric- ture, Sciatica, Rheumatism, and Gout, will find a positive cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box, and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Price Is 11d. Of all chemists, or post free for 12 stamps from HOLD- Bum's Medical Hall, Cleckheaton, Yorks. Don't be put off. If you cannot get them write to the Proprietor, and a box will be sent next post.---Advt.

Two foreign pickpockets, one an American and the 'other a Spaniard acting as his confederate have each been sentenced at Nice by the Correctional 'Tribunal to five years' imprisonment. The accused had selected the arrival platform of the railway station as their field it operation, and committed numerous thefts. Many stolen articles were found in their posaessioa.

RUPTURE—ITS RADICAL CURE 81:Teti's OF THE SHERM•E METHOD. Fifty Years' Test. •e3' S "9, Mansion House Buildings, Crawshaw Booth. S.m 011 .y toherman , —Dear ' " afarch 7th. 1893. your treatment for some months I am pleased to bear to Esq. Sir.—lfaving been under the efficiency of your marvellous treatment. I have had tw-, doctors examine me, and neither one could tell on which siAe I 110 been ruptured. My own doctor who attended me before I went to you can scarcely realise the change in me, and he says he cm find no trace- of the rupture. Now, If there are any who doubt the genuineness of your great skill end ability to cure rupture, kindly refer them to ine.—With many heartfelt thanks, more than lam able to express here. I beg to mainEsev r EEKs. fully yours, We advise all sufferers to send to Ur. S J. Sherman, Hernia Specialist, of 64. Chancery-lam,. Londoriiv,er f 215, Bing-street, Manchester, for his book on rupture. gin g u ll information ef his treatment ; only known cure without operation in this or any other country. Free on applica4tion.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
4

Eig " Cram inter " Rptrits.

Or LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS Comprises rr HE Warrington and Mid-Clashire Examiner, pub.. lied every Saturday Morning. THE Earlertown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examinir, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Saturday morning ; and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday morning.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. coming under the following heads are inserted in ALL the above-mentioned Papers for ONE CHARGE, as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT. PARTINERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED. MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, HOUSES AND °TILER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three EU Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
eggs', Voultrp, Scr.

-12GGS, black red gime, 38. 61. 13, prize bred.—FLETCHER, Bi,hop's Cistle, Shropshire.

PURE WHITE LEGHORN EGGS. 3s.doz—free.---OREASEY, Park Farm, Walcot, Lincoln, _ . . .

NVNTED, COOK GENIC:AL. where housemaid Is kept No washiag.—Dirs. lIORP, Dobroyd, Todmorden.

13RIZE BRED. silver grey Dorking eggs. grass run. 13 for ss. 6d. Fernbank, Southbourne, Christchurch.

10) 1:11tB MINORCAS, wonde, ful layers, 2s. 64. Bitting: un- fertile replaced . Rectory, Chastleton, Moreton- Marsh.

SINGLE COMB ORPINGTON EGGS, from my prize birds hens weichirg 7flb. cockerels Bklb, 53. doz.—ALBERT JARNIAN, Brewery Howe, Meldreth, Cambs.

trUBB 131— DIAN GAMB COCK. with croon,— ill, good lavers, produce grand table birds. 3s. for 15 eggs, free._W&LTR DIJCICT.TT, Manor HOMO, Blackford. Weston- super-Mare.

11111)LACK MINORCA EGGS from monster birds. Sib. weight, Pitt's strain direct. same pen as my firsts and special GI ucester. Bristol, ,tc.. ss. dozen, free, guaranteed fertile.—W. SMITH Road, Bath.

EGGS from pure Langshans, bred from prize and best laying strains, average last year 243 eggs each fowl. Re- duced sittings Is. 6d. ; unfertiles replaced.—Miss B. BATTEN, Summerhill Cottage, Oswestry, Salop. rIOCILB RMS.—Grand Black Hamburgh, perfect bird, kJ 7s, 6d. Rosecomb black Orpington, 6e. 6d. Black Minorca (priYe strain), 69. 64. Splendid birds to breeci from. Approyal.—K.VJE, Old Withington. Chelford, Cheshire.

lAIGGS--NOTICK—BIack Hamburgh., all prize winners, F. r.. 1 J. Patsitrit, in order to popularize this beautiful and prolific laying fowl, offers eggs at the red onions low price da. 6d. doz., unfertile replaced.—Braboarne Lees, near Ash- ford, Kent.

EGGS for HATCHING from my noted winter layers ; Langshan-Minorcas, Plymouth Rorke, White Leg- horn& ; splendid large eggs, ss. per dozen. Ca.h with order. Unfertile replaced; If return carriage paid.—Miss WRIGHT, Broomedge. Lyrnm, Warrington

HIGHLY-BRIM Silver Spsngled HAMBURGHS ; eggs guaranteed from Ist prize winners, Northampton, Derby, Rugby, Penistone. Peske Forest, Heanor, Lutter- worth, Sc., eggs from above pens produced winners, Royal, Ite., last year, 6s. dozen, W. GtossoP.AmberAate.;

TOGS FOR SITTING.— Black Minorca Butterfield best A 2.1 strain. Whi!e Loghorn Buttelb Ids strain, Dark Brahma Cock's best strain. Silver Grey Dorking Berry's drain, all at 43 First Cross 2s. 61. per sitting. Carriage paid, unfertile replacei.—FETEß FAULKNER, Granville Cot- tage. Walkden, near Bolton.

EGGS--Orpingtons. champion winter layers and splendid table birds. Fine brown eggs from Pen containing 9 first prize wieners. Ts. 63. for 13. or 2 sittings for 12s. 6d. Bight chicks guaranteed per sitting. Unfertiles replaced, Catalogue. Testimonials free.—LVONARD SMITH. 124, West- minster-road, flandsworth, Birmingham. (Name this paper.)

STOW BOOKING ORDERS for tbe most reliable PHEA- -11 SANT EGGS. aim) PARTRIDGE EGGS. (to customers ordering WO Pheasant Eggs). Wild Duck, and American Bronze Turkey Eggs The Farm of 3.500 acres may be in- spected by appointment.—For price list of above eggs, also price of the celebrated Hargham Game Farm Pheasant Meal, apply S. J. BELL, Hargham, Attleborounh, Norfolk.

Qn-riteG ov HIGH CLASS RGGS.—Rlack Minorca Webs er's and Abbot's champion and challenge cup Combined stra ;la, silver grey docking, Cre,well's strain ; black red game, Ceptain Heaton's strain ; Alysloury ducks. Digby's strain. No private pens. Guarantee all the same. I hatch from Prolific layers and handsome specimens, none better. Reduce from 6s. to 35. 6d. sitting. Two sittings Bs. —B. CHURCH, Roche, Cornwall.

UGGS grand BLACK MINORCAS, 6s. 6d, dozen, most 1J prolific layers and from (Challenge Cup and let prize strains). EGGS from GOLDEN WYANDOTTES, ss. 6d. dozen, grand winter layers (prize strain). EGGS grand ROSECOMB black ORPINGTONS, 6s. 6d. dozen, A 1 laversof large dark eggs, all GITABANTBRD FERTILE, carefully packed, post paid. KANE, Old Withington, Chelford.

EGGS FOR SITTING.—SingIe and Rose combed Orping- ton's golden and silver Wyandotte. light Brahma', 45.; dark Brahmas. liondans. brown and white Leghorns, Lang- shans, Plymouth Rocks, Blue Andalusians. Minorc, golden pencilled IL mburgs, 3s. 6d.; No. 2 pen Minorcas, black rose I combed Bantams. white rose combed Bantams. Duck eggs, 28.6 d. er sitting of 13 eggs. Sitting mixed to suit Customers, *infertile eggs replaced if returned carriage paid. The above pens have been mated with birds from some of the best yards in England to produce good .avers. In,pection invited. No eggs sit 441 Sundays.--Jorre EDMONDSON, Poultry-yard, Crank. near St. Helens, Lancashire.

FOWL CORN, LIGHT WHEAT, DARI, BUCK WHEAT. and GALATZ CORN.

CARTER & SON, CORN DEALERS. WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
ißamt6ttr APerbantsS, &r.

WARTED, a reswatable GIRL, about 17. as General.- 5, Oxford-it.. Manchester.

GOOD General SBRVANT Wanted, In a small family.— Apply 135, Acornb-st.. Greenheys, Manchester.

WANTED, strong GIRL for Fa:m Work, age 14 to 17. Apply lazes JOHNSON, Tong Head Farm, near Bolton.

COOK WANTED, also housemaid 'waitress. generals, and young girls.—Mrs BEAN'S REGISTRY, 24, Darwen-at.. Blackburn. - -

WAN! ED Immediately, Experienced Coolo,Housemaids, Qenerals. ac. Apply Miss HUDSON'S registry, 19, Irlam- t., Warrington.

WANTED, good General SERVANT, for farm house. age about 25, Frotestant.—Applv Mrs. BATHER, Finch lane, West Derby.

QITUATION WANTED as Groom and Gardener, or Groom: good references.—Apply to G. B. KITE, 6, St. Mary-sr., Bridgnort h.

WANTED, a Servant GIRL from 16 to 18, must be a good milker.—Apply Mrs. BENSON, Walsh Fold Farm, Bradshaw, near Bolton.

WANTED. superior GENERAL SERVANT, must have a good character.—Apply Mrs. S. BUCKLEY, Bankfield, Woodley. near Stockport.

WANTED, good Plain COOK, who understands Dairy; also Housemaid-Waitress.—Apply Mrs. ARTHUR WID- DOWEI, Thornhia, C orley.

11TANPD._8erV&flts in all capacities public and private. —Apply Mrs. BEECROFT, 20, Queen-at., Oldest Regis- try in Scarborough.—Lodgings.

PARLOURMAID WANTED, Churehwpman, in gentle- man's family, near London, wages £lB, all found. —Mrs. WADE, 21, Marina, St. 10 onards-on-Sea.

LADY would take entire charge of one or two children per- manently. or for the holidays—seaside—highest refer- ences.—F. Bflowsuz, Anedell, Lytham.

WANTED, respectable GIRL as housemaid, and to make herself generally useful ; age from 18 to 20.—Apply LANDLADY. Star Hotel, Conisboro', Rotherham.

FIOOK-HOUSEKEEPER Wanted, thoroughly experienced, A—, £63 ; Kitchen and scullery maids ; nobleman's small family.—Mrs. IlasnocK, Chester-st,. Wrexham.

WANTED, SITUATION as GARDENER (Head or good Single-hande(i) ; marred when suited ; ag. d 32 ; six years good character.—J. GRIFFITHS, Burcher Court, Titley, Herefordshire.

(-100 K-GENERAL and HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS wanted after Easter, in small family; suburbs of Sheffield ; help given with washinu.—Apply personally or by letter, Mrs. WATSON, Southwold.SMffield.

WANTED, thoroughly respectable GENERAL, for gentle- man's house in country Village; small family, good plain cooking, part washing, good wage if experienced.—Mrs. 4YDWYEB, Burton, Westmoreland.

good wages W ANTED, good GBEBRAL ItVANT, middle April ; s E small family, little wa.bmg, aervant.—Apply with all particular Mrs. Nicol., to good road, Acoeks Green, near Birrnin2ham. lmdon-

4Jrates6taltali

- (ALE and FEMALE NURSES INSTITUTION, 70, .611 Hope-ot., Liverpool. Estab. 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical, and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or telegraph, "Nunes." Liverpool. Telephone, 51C.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
-.--.imimmimill

Obutatton.

tgßania.

DRAPERY. APPRENTICE WANTED.—AppIy W. BENSON. 11, Sankey-street, Warrington.

AGENTS wanted for Safety' Bicles. splendid terms.— Startling price lists from J. W. DEAR. Baldock.

WTANTED. WASHING for one or two familles.—Apply Mrs. S. CALDWELL. Martinseroft-green. Ms rtinssroft.

AGENTS WANTED to push first-class machinary oils. Liberal Commission—Box 22. Post Office. Liverpool.

WANTED, a YOUTH, a good writer and correct at figures. T V —Aoply Henry MILLING and CO., LIMITED, Warring- ton,

WANTED, SHARES, Starr Bowkett or Perfect Thrift, Exchange splendid Gold English Lever Watch.— Apply 15, Guardian-street, Warrington.

GENT WANTED—E 26 per quarter, paid weekly. splen- -* did opening. Experience unnecessary. Specimens free.—Address COMP() WORM, Farnworth, Dolton.

TOBACCONISTS commencing. lIId. Guide (3d.) How to 1 commence. ToriAccorrisTs' OUTFITTING CO., 186, Billi- ton Road, London. Manager, Henry Myers. Est. 1866.

CLERK WANTED for general office work, knowledge of shorthand essential. Applications will be treated con- fidentially.—Apply Box 75, Examiner Office, Warrington.

TOBACCONISTS and those commencing should call or send 1 for our Price List. Competition defled.-41OLDBERG'8, Paradise-st.. Liverpool. Established 1850.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
contrarts.

IIIENDERS INVITED for the pulling down of Five Cot- t tages in Cockhedge-lane.—For particulars address W. A. BISHOP AHD Co., Dial Mills, Warrington.

BLAIR'S GOUT, RHEUMATISM, The LUMBAGO, AftlC NEunALGIA. vt I— SCIATICA. ACUTE PAIN is quickly relieved, and cured in a few days IsS9 by these celebrated Pills, well known as the Great Remedy for the above complaints. Sure, Safe, and Effectual BOLD BY ALL CHEMISTS at la. lid., and 2s. 9d. per box. PILLS.

alts bp ipribatt Ertatm

EARTHENWARE.—Seconds, in crates, £2 ; best useful Goods, £3; write for lists,—PARLE WORKS POTTERY, Langton, Staffordshire.

JBWELLBAY, Watches, Watch Materials, Cutlery. Eleetro Plate.—Wholesale list, post free.—WRIGHT, St. Luke's- rd., Birmingham.

()N SALE, MANURE WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. HOSKING, 16, Fenwiek-Street, Liverpool,

110REVEN rioN OF CHOLERA by wearing Sralloß CRISPI'S Cholera and Magnetic Belt combined, El each ; send elze, Castleton, Grosmont.

LAIME PARCEL beautiful AUSTRALIAN ORCHIDS posted on receipt 2s. 6d, Post Office Order.—LINDSAY, South Grafton. New South Wales.

CIIARACTEIR delineated from writing or sketches or im- pressions of the hands, with lines in palms. Fee Is. 6d.—Mrs. 131,AnIgroN, Wareham, Dorset.

FIREBRICKS.—For Sale, best Firebricks ;£2 Ss. per 1.000; put in wggons at Colne Station ; samples sent post free.—JoHN GREEN, 74. Greenfield-road, Colne.

TO INVESTORS in Property.—Several lots for Sale by Private Treaty.- Apply to Joseph R WILLIAMS, Char- tered Accountant, Sankey-et., Chambers, Warrington,

Avalts bp Vribatt Er tail?.

gpartmtnto, furntslyb Ilauso, Scr.

FOR BOARDING or Private Apartments.—For terms apply HUGIIES, Penalva, Craig-y-don Parade, Llan- dudno.

OUTHPORT.—Purnished Detached PRIVATE HOUSE TO LET, good gardens, 5 bedrooms. - 35, Ash-st., near St. Luke's Station.

VALLEY, ANGLESEA.—FURNISHED, 3 sitting, 6 bed V rooms, stabling, &e., near sea and station.—Apply Miss JONES, Carna House.

CEFN-Y•COED, COLWYN HAY. - House, Lodge, furnished or unfurnished, garden, field ; let or sell; beautifully situated on hill.—SHowELL.

APARTMENTS, near Dovedale ; good rooms, soaking, and attenoance, terms moderate. Mrs. MURRAY, The Fort, Tissington, Ashbourne.

TSLE OF MAN.—Good accommodation for visitors with or without board.—Mrs. LINGARD (late of Warrington), York House, Castle Drive, Douglas (near the palace).

liflarinnerp, scr., on bait. •

BOILER (patent Vertical), 9ft. by 4ft. diameter, with Vertical engine. THE CRADLEY BOILER COMPANY, Cradley Heath.

A 8-HORSE PORTABLE ENGINE for sale or hire.an4 all 11 kinds of machinery for sale.—Joux BONNELL, Longford- street, Warrington.

TT READLE LATHE, on Sale. 5 inch centres, rests and all complete ; good condition.— R. Bum', 34, Poole-street, Vine-street, Hulme, Manchester.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, APRIL 1, 1893.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
Olatrunonp.

EBENEZER TIMMINS & SONS, LTD.

ENGINDERS AND IRONFOUNDERS,

MAKERS OF CHEMICAL AND SOAP PLANT. BRIDG E W ATER FOUNDRY, RUNCORN,

ESTABLISHED 1827.

CONTRACTOPS FOR GAS WORKS, WATER WORKS,

ARTESIAN WELLS, BRINE WELLS, AND

BORINGS FOR MINERALS. BOILING PLANT AND PUMPS.

8d percwt.

10dprewt.

Novs.—W:

===== 0002601_18930401_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
CHEAP COAL.

BANK QUAY COAL DEPOT

_ T. HALTON & CO., COAL MERCHANTS, FACTORY LANE COAL YARD,

WARRINGTON. I :El3 FRICHS. IMIEDI4TB to:

8d per owt.

Ilodprewt. IBLIVEBY

4 4 KEATING'S POWDER." Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. „

‘‘ KEATING'S POWDER." Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles.

KEATI4G'S POWDER." • Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles.

KEATING'S PO WDE R." Kills Fleas. Bugs, Moths, Beetles.

THIS GRAND MEDICINE AGRIPPIN

Is a certain cure for any of the following disorderfi : MrSASLES. SCARLET FEVER, TYPHOID FEVER, SMALLPDX, INFLAMMATION OF THE LUNGS, ERYSIPELAS, DIPTHERIA, PLEURISY, or other INFLAMMATIONS; BLOOD POISONING, IN- FLUENZA, COLD IN THE HEAD, SICK HEAD- ACHE, BITES OF ANIMALS. INFECTIOUS and CONTAGIOUS DISEASES.

SOLD EY JOSEPH 1311313 Y,

Grocer, St. James's-street,

Latchford.

Prepared only by T. FORSTER, EARLESTOWN, LANCASHIRE.

gPaltE4 bp Zurtum.

By MR. GEORGE R. BRADY.

3ftustrai EnOtruments.

MITH'S PIANOS ARE GOING UP, NOT IN PRICE, BUT IN PUBLIC ESTIMATION. 179, OXFORD-ROAD, MANCHESTER.

PADEREWSKI says: "Play only on an Erard wherever obtainable.

ERARD.

Makers to the Queen, 18, Great Marlborough-st.. Regent-et.

P ADEREW SKI says: "Play only on an Erard wherever obtainable.

-FARARD.

New Parisian Models now being exhibited•

PADEREWSKI says: "Play only on an Erard wherever obtainable.

ERARD.

The remainder of the Eng- lish Models at Great Reductions.

LICENSED FOR THE. SALE OF METHYLATED SPIRITS AND BENZOLINE. AGENT for SEQUAWS REMEDIES.

THE EXORS, OF THE LATE

ISAAC SPEAKMAN CHEMIST BY EXAMINATION. BRIDGE-ST., PHARMACY 27, BRIDGE-ST., RUNCORN. PATENT MEDICINES (with a few exceptions) AT RE- DUCED PRICES. Viz. 2s 9d for 2s 3d. 2s 6d for 2s Id, ls 112 d for 10d. 6d. Nelson's Gelatine 3 for lid, ls. Reeve's food 8d per tin, &a., &c. SPRATT'S DOG BISCUITS 18s 6d per 1121 be or 12lbs for 2s 3d. Calabar Dog Biscuit, 12s 6d per cwt. CHEAPEST HOUSE FOR HOUSEHOLD SOAPS. Pears' soap 3 for 10d Hazlehurst's "Sun," 3 tablets for sd; Sunlight, 3 in box 7td; Brockes Monkey Soap, 3td per lb. Holncepathic Medicines 6d bottle, bd ; Vichy Waters, 36s per case, 80.—Best and Cheapest House for White Lead, Tur- pentine, Varnish, Oil, Brushes, 40. Send for prices. Whole- sale Dealer in Petroleum Oil, Hudson's Dry Soap, &-c. Aspinall's Enamel Paint. Cooper's Sheep Dip, 12s per doz

ONEY.—Mr. G. THOMAS. 315, Great College-st“ Loa 111 don, N.W., makes advances to respectable ptrsons. Address by letter only, enclosing stamp for reply.

Co be /Let.

P ENKETH.—" GREYSTONE HOUSE," conurio"oo.' dence, stabling. &c., orchard and garden ; re"' Mr. ROBERT Low, Estate Agent. Warrinpton.

biefor TLET, PREMISES, in centre of Warnngton. .L. small workshops.—Apply ASHTON and WOODS, w' 55, Horsemarket-street, Warrington,

TO LET, House, Eagle Mount, Stockton Heart', —ed otl Three bedrooms. parlour, sittilw-room, kiteben,lool. conveniences.—Apply W. BOSTOCK7builder,

.--- -XI Parntss, 31Nr5e5, eartO, lif 0 H 00PER AND SI Dig' COACH BUILDERS, 01 DO' 6, SLATER-STREET, Liv oc4 EurooL• stolf High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Tile to select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. work only. 000,100, Several Good Second-Hand Broughams, Landato' Wagonettes, and Pluetons. now for Sale or Hire. R. PALDi E R Tmi ori. THE VNION CARRIAGE WORKS, D'Z.si. 10%, rf 00 33 and 35, KING-STEEET WEST, N[A a a" GOLD MEDAL awarded for Excellence of Desigariages class Workmanship. A large assortment of view. q AV LANDAUS, BROUGUAMS, V-TrTORIA- , The New Carlton Cart in Great Variety'. ; CENTRAL CARRIAGE WORKS, ORFORD-- WARRINGTON. goso

JOHN KILDUFF, 0 COACH BUILDER, SM. 01/C t ALL kind of PRIVATE or BUSINESS CONVSecute° I' ' made to order. Repairs neatly and promptlY e% reasonable charges. ITL- . v lAT9' - ,-, A ff THE WARRINGTON SLATE COP-' _ (Late John Nunnerley and Co.. BUILDERS' MERCHANTS• 05. ARPLY STATION. WARRINGTON, sf,A VELINHELI, PENRHYN, AND CAR NAEVIN4 TO° _ _ ,

.. -........,, czurr .. x ci, CEMENT,.-....... —. -•-„,„---- ,o LIME, DRAIN PIPES, -FIRE IMIC.•-• ,Tept and every other kind of Builders' Mater ;,,d. In stock at our Arpley Wharf, or sent bi,..'ited 810 .ILei,n Kraiinl,godromve.ssel to any Town or Port in the hAonGeENNoTSI9f.or Ith:leaßrUapGhßicYAPdOdrßeToL,AND ON'llgr' 'gt°° DR • J. jkep7. COLLIS BROW IV 11LOTRHOE CULORODYNE• /74ff• tO D ORIGINALyNE is AND ON admitted LY GU 11,171.07:- s pivi eorti al, , by the be the most wonderful andvaluable reMetv e covered. Of IrnOWn (111LORODYNE is the best reined.V X-) Coughs, Consumption Bronchitis, and Astr7-; 110' 011LORODYNE effeCtuall checks atiu,er, . 1._./ those too often fatal dizeases37.—Diptheria, Fe;" ' Ague. riiarriOl" CO.IILORODYNE acts like a charm in '„i y. 49 and is the only specific in Cholera and Pre; rattit.' CHLORODYNE effectually cuts short ‘,/ of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Palpitation, and SP3.5l° seal S• r CIILORODYNE is the only palliative 11:1,enutit't gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, ..- &c. ~,,, tle• to Or From Dr. B. J. DOULTON 8: CO., DOr.---(53_,e We have made pretty extensive use of Wore practice lately, and look upon it as an excellent (To frolg the and Anti- spasmodic. It seems to allay Pid!" woe.' a Cow in whatever organ, and from what a,_,9,t.dVs' ever. bie _„, Induces a feeling of comtort and quietude not obt 1',.,v any other remedy, and it seems to possess this gr7pieso age over all other Sedatives ; that it leaves no u s icOt after effects. f " Earl Russell communicated to the College 0, consdll Ity, that he received a despatch from her Majesty!, forf 0, Manilla, to the effect that Cholera had been ragioi6ol,oll and that the ONLY remedy of any service Was DYNE."—See Lancet . Ist December. 1864. Ao 1141T' CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY ATIONS. stated ~ of CATION.—Vice Chancellor Sir W. PAGE W003".„vea",,-„r01 Dr. J. COLLIS BROWNF.. WAS. 1121d0Ubtediy, the nity„„c 0 13 CHLORODYNE "and that the story of the defe. _ 0.5,, MAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted ', been sworn to.—See Times. 13th Tmly, 1864. Sold in bottles at is 10., 2s. 9d., and genuine without the word, 'fl R. T. COLLIS I.,"`vervitte'' CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. ing Medical testimony accompanies each battle, SOLE MANUFACTURERS.—J. T. DAVENPORT, Russell it., BlOomSbury, London,

froo6 00 021-

)00. t Jo- rd-bO2l RN _.---

RlOlop LI /Is° .antev"..

,001, 6gA"

andt ist 'eregfcilc, 11 deflia )01);brrir

gtoel` >ci -Deo Pe woo., -----

;d filf; age°

O,P

===== 0002601_18930401_art0055.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. _

===== 0002601_18930401_art0056.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
J. °WC

I No

i I

I; a

1

, I I 1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I 1 1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I

===== 0002601_18930401_art0058.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
LYNO.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
THE. EXAMINER,

SATURDAY, APRIL 11, 1893

anti-Remo Rule MR. GLADSTONE performed nenutations. a feat on Tuesday which few 1 olitj of the younger generation of elans would be able to accomplish. He, ,et7,lved two important deputations and to each , tiv‘riern he delivered an address evincing a grasp of . aubject in hand and an acquaintance with i'at'rical and financial details which is said to , erle surprised his interviewers, and to some , irlti:(1)1t turned the tables upon them, for they were th instances hostile to his policy. The first °d represented the Chamber of Commerce nether niercantile bodies of Belfast, and the , ett was Composed of merchants, brokers and t141,-,,ers of the City of London. In both instances to :Presentations they had to make were adverse th °Eae Rule, and, considering the heavy calls it • are upon Mr. GLADSTONE'S energy and time, to some extent, a stretch of courtesy on Voli, Part to consent to receive the deputations. after all, as it turned out, they had nothing, Ilext to nothing, to lay before him that was °rae Rule has now been discussed and in the country and in Parliament six or ha -▪ 11 Years and the pros and cons of the question that been well-nioh exhausted. No one denies ther. Prera, ~re many persons who are opposed to all soy "Baia of Home Rule, and, given the neces- /tie. t°mpLisance on the part of the Prime er, his time between now and the end of the stit• hlaitaentary session might be entirely taken up raisyht'iatening to hostile "deputations," just as it hi: also be appropriated by those who support Ido„1:1,01jeY. The central fact is that the policy of • e Italie has been submitted to the country, country has returned a majority to sup- • Policy. As a matter of fact nearly every freei :Ile Statements made by the deputation 'be North of Ireland had, as Mr. GLADSTONE 12nirlted 16011 out, been incorporated in a memorialp kat,alY forwarded by the Belfast Chamber of c orn tell: A good deal was said of the prosperity of • and of its rapid growth of population the beginning of the century, but the the very very readily met this argument with haa'°reible rejoinder that, although that growth een great under Imperial Government it had hip— treater still during the few years Ireland was ',Pea with self-government. In 1782 the popu- thri of Belfast stood at 13,000, but at the time fa's et of T.lnion became an accomplished doe„ti,:" was 25,000—in other words it had almost tiried in 18 years. If that growth had con- ed fast at the same rate from 1800 until now Bel- ° p Ivould have been in a position to boast of a A,ll)nlatioo of 700,000, whereas it is only 260,000. 441,11'' Q/Ansroxes readiness in quoting these ti a "es must have somewhat disturbed • - equanimity of the deputation and thatstionably played havoc with the argument tiv, it Was sought to establish, and it most °flee- e'Y discounted some of the other alarmist pre- Theti,°°6 which were of the usual description. Nver'ePutatio of London merchants and brokers e n received with courtesy, but, were, at the Ivelee time, treated to some plain speaking. They re Much concerned with the fall of securities

===== 0002601_18930401_art0060.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-4 -

===== 0002601_18930401_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
which the prospect of Home Rule has, according to their version, brought about. In his reply Mr. GLADSTONE pointed out that the very first thing a public man had to do was to keeplhis eyes open to facts. One of those facts is that during the last twenty or thirti years the propertied classes, and especially of the city of London, have been hostile to all reform. Had it depended upon that class of people none of those reforms, which are now known to be beneficient in their results, would have been made. Another fact was that those re- forms had been demanded and supported by national sentiment, and national sentiment had been right. It was national sentiment which supported the demand for Home Rule, and Mr. GLA DSTONE expressed his determination to carry out the will of the people constitutionally ex-

===== 0002601_18930401_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
pressed.

The trial of HOBBS, WRIGHT. The L rator and NEWMAM who were implicated ibe Frauds. in the Liberator frauds ended on Monday in the, under the circumstances, inevit- able verdict of guilty. Holm and WRIGIIT were sentenced to twelve years penal servitude each, and NEWMAN to five years. The frauds of which these men have been found guilty were, as Mr. JUSTICE HAWKINS said when sentencing them, of the cruellest description, inasmuch as they have resulted in depriving thousands of thrifty people of the whole, or the greater part, of the savings that had been accumulated during a life time. They had not, said Mr. JUSTICE HAWKINS, "paid any attention to the hundreds and thousands of homes they had rendered desolate by their robber- ies of the treasured savings of those who had entrusted their all to the Liberator." Even in regard to these criminals the plea under which unequal justice has been so often meted out was made. The sympathy of the court was asked because the prisoners had been living in affluence and comfort, and therefore punishment would be all the more felt by them. It would, surely, be a disgraceful travesty of justice if punishment were mitigated because malefactors had been enabled to live in affluence by means of the wealth of the victims they had swindled. As the judge remarked, whilst thinking of the prisoners he could not forget the people who in old age had been left beggars through their fadt, and the sentenees he awarded, whilst certainly not biassed by vindictiveness or panic, were exemplary, and should prove a deter- rent to evil-doers of a similar character. It is now said that the deficiencies in connection with the Liberator and its kindred societies amount to about seven millions of pounds. When account is taken of the fact that this immense sum is largely made up of the small contributions of compara- tively poor people, an idea may be formed of the wide-spread misery caused by this great financial collapse. Holm, who has been appropriately described as the " most conspicuous rascal of the group," was proved to have plundered the Libera- tor Society to the extent of two million pounds and even this did not cover the whole of his rogue- ries. Well might he live in " affluence and coin" fort," but it would, truly, have been a strange violation of the fitness of things if his punishment had been lessened because of this. As "3. W. HOBBS, Esq., J.P., of Norbury Hall," he was for some years a great man at Croydon. He held the office of Mayor, and was liberal in his benefactions, and even, it is said, had the honour of entertaining royalty at Norbury Hall. As a magistrate,he was "voluble," and was always as ready to give good ad- vice as to dispense justice. He wa s,we are informed particularly impressive in cautioning small boys, who were brought before him for apple-stealing that " these petty thefts lead to bigger ones." The eulogy which his missing friend, Mr. J. S. BAL- FOUR, passed upon him at the inaugural banquet of his Mayoralty is entertaining reading. "Few," said Mr. BALFOUR, " could bear testimony as he could to the sterling work which Mr. HOI3BS had done. Having followeel his career, he could bear testimony to the fact that his success in life, great as it had been, was owing to those sterling qualities—honesty, industry, and self-devotion— which, thank God, still always secured success when properly applied." It is just now a matter of general regret that the eulogist did not stand in the dock with the object of this eulogium, to receive thedue reward of his "honesty, industry, and self-devotion."

THE Yankees are a " smart" people and it will be interesting to watch the struggle that is about to take place amongst them against the dreaded crinoline.. The" plan of campaign" is ingenious, and in the devising of it human nature seems to have been taken into account The young men of America are, we are told, starting an anti-crino- line club. The rules of the club are of a strict and peremptory character. No young man who be- comes a member will be allowed to escort any lady wearing crinoline to a theatre, concert or dancing room, or, indeed, to any entertainment. No member will be permitted to call on a lady who receives her visitors in a hoop skirt, and at social gatherings he is to ruthlessly" boycot " the ladies who wear the crinoline. Jf he meet in the street any of his fair friends attired in the objectionable garb, he is to suddenly become interested in the overhead wires, or to be so absorbed in some abstruse mentul calculation as to be oblivious of all outward things. On the other hand, girls who foreswear the crinoline are to meet with the amplest reward. They are to be admitted as associates of the anti-crinoline club, and they are to be taken for drives, to the theatre, and, in short to receive all the little attentions which are denied to their recalcitrant sisters.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
TARPORLRY HUNT. The annual Tarporley Hunt Steeplechase have been fixed for Wednesday. April 19th. The entries close on April 11th. Particularb will be found in our advertising columns. UMBRELLAS RECOVERED.—J. and W. DUTTON, Sankey-st. Warrington.—Advt. DEATH OF MR. J. UNSWORTH, OF CROFT. Mr. James Unsworth, sen., of Croft, died sud- denly at his residence at Lord-St., Croft, on Sunday at noon. Deceased was rather unwell on Saturday, but it was not thought necessary to call in a doctor. On Sunday morning begot up. but again feeling un- well he rested on the sofa. His son Joseph who lives with him, was in the kitchen, but, bearing a noise from his father, he ran to his assistance, and found him speechless, and he died a few minutes afterwards. Deceased was a warm supporter of St. Lewis's (R.C.) Chapel, Croft, and his loss will be deeply regretted by a large circle of relations and friends.

THE HOME IRON TRADE. With the near approach of the Easter holidays little change could be expected en the iron trade but on the whole, what alterations have taken place is in the direction of steadiness in prices of crude iron, the opinion becoming general that the bottom has been touched. In finished iron depression still prevails; but in tinplates inquiries still come to hand in fair numbers, although actual business transactions are limited. The steel trade is very quiet; but a slight movement is noticeable in the heavy branches in Sheffield. Engineers and ship- builders report no alteration. The coal trade j, per- haps, a trifle more active.—lron

===== 0002601_18930401_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Sr. EDWARD'S CATHOLIC CHURCH, RUNCORN. The mission which has been conducted during the past fortnight at this place of worship by the &v. Jerom, S.J , was concluded on Sunday evening. The services have been well attended, and on Sunday there crowded cmgregations. In the morning all present re- ceived a sprig of palm in honour of the festival cele- brated.

DRUNKENNESS AT RUNCORN. At the Runcorn Police Court, on Wednesday, before Mr. J. Brundrit, Bridget Rowtinson was charged with being drunk in Merscy-st. on the previous night. Mr. Burton appeared on behalf of the defendant, and asked for a remand, as proceedings were being contemplated against the landlord of the Mersey Vaults, where it was,, said the prisoner was served with drink. She was remanded until Monday, April 10th, so that the two cases might be heard together. JOSEPH PRITCHARD'S sale shop is 51,Hign-st., me workshop 4, 13ridge-st.—Advt. RUNCORN SONS OF TEMPERANCE. At the quarterly meeting of the above society held on Saturday evening, under the presidency of Mr. Thomas J. Holt, it was moved, seconded and resolved : " That we, the Runcorn Sons of Temperance, rejoice at the action of her Majesty's Government, in bringing a Local Veto Bill into the House of Commons, and ex- presses a hope that the Bill will be passed into law dur- ing this session. It was also decided that a copy of the resolution be forwarded to Sir William Vernon Harcourt and to Mr. John T. Brunner, M.P., the representative of the division. JOSEPI PRITCHARD has the best stook of ladies' silver and geld watches in the town.—. Advt.

OVERSEERS IN RUNCORN DISTRICT- Mr. James Handley and Dr. Steele at Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday appointed the following over- seers :—Acton Grange, Thomas Challoner and Robert Wade ; Aston by Sutton, George Percival and William Wilkinson ; Clifton, Joseph Stokes and Samuel Rowland; Halton, Thomas Wright and Hugh Rowe ; Norton, Thos. Percival and Clement Baguley ; Runcorn, Edwin Imison and Samuel Taylor ; Stockham, Joseph Wallworth Bagu- ley and James Clarke; Sutton, William Cowe and John Edwin Bate ; Weston, Edward Aaron and Thomas Ford, sen. When in want of a chaste and elegant wedding or birthday present go to PRITCHARD'S, 51, High-cit.—Advt. ANOTHER WIFE DESERTER AT WIDNES. On Monday, at Widnes Police Court, before Messrs. J. Brock and H. Wade Deacon, Thomas Grice, formerly of Beaumont-street, Widnes, was brought up on a warrant charging him with deserting his wife and child and leav- ing them chargeable to the Prescot Union, The cost incurred by his family whilst in the workhouse amounted to £42 ss. The Guardians considered it a very bad case. Defendant served 14 days for a similar offence in 1889. Ile was now committed to gaol for one month with bard labour. If you want a lucky wedding ring go to 51, Hrox-er.,whers you will gets present with it.—Advt.

WESTON POINT VESTRY MEETING. The annual vestry meeting in connection with Christ Church, Weston Point, was held on Tuesday evening, under the presidency of the Rev. J. H. Wilcockson. The churchwardens submitted their accounts, which were adopted. The appointment of officials fer the ensuing year was as follows :—Vicar's warden, Mr. F. W. Clark ; people's warden, Mr. Rosenberg ; sidesmen, Messrs. T. Jeffs, H. Bann, S. Berresford, R. C. Rosenberg, and L. Rosenberg, jun.; lay representatives at the diocesan and ruridecanal conferences, Messrs. Rosenberg and J. Jeffs. JOSEPH PRITCHARP, Watchmaker and Jeweller, 61, Hick- et.. end 4, Bridge-st., Buncora.—Advt. GORED BY A COW AT RUNCORN. About ten o'clock on Monday, a cow was being driven to the slaughterhouse of Mr. Capper, butcher, Egerton- st., when on reaching Mill Brow the Animal became "mad," and rushed wildly along Halton-road. A boy was knocked down, but escaped uninjured. A number of people climbed walls and fences to escape the infuri- ated beast, but a young woman named Rachael New, of 20, Porter-st., was knocked down and gured. She received somewhat serious injuries and was confined to bed for several days. The animal was eventually cap- tured. Both PRIYMIARIis Shops are under personal supervisian.and, customers may rely upon reeeivingevery attention.—Advt. ELECTION OF RUNCORN GUARDIANS. The full list of nominations in connection with this election is given in our inside pages. Later information shows that a contest has been avoided in Frodsham by the withdrawal of Mr. Corker. In Runcorn there have so far been four withdrawals, viz. Messrs. E. Imison, W. Handley, John Bate, and Fred Norman. There are thus yet twelve candidates for seven seats, and a con- test appears highly probable. Voting papers will be distributed on April Bth collected on April 10th and counted at Dutton Workhouse on the following day. The gentlemen elected will serve for three years. 3'ollltPli PRITCHARD heOpS spectacles to suit all sights from a shilling a pair.—Adrt.

CANAL MYSTERY AT PRESTON BROOK. At one o'clock on Wednesday afternoon the body of a female child was found floating in the Bridgewater Canal at Preston Brook. P.C. Griffiths had the body removed to the Red Lion Hotel, where an exansination revealed two large wounds on the head and a third on the left leg. It Is supposed that these have been in- ffcted by the screw of a passing steamer. The body is that of a child about two years of age, with brown hair, and the clothes consisting of a ragged petticoat and dress and a white chemise, with a piece sewn all round the bottom. Neither shoes nor stockings covered the infant's feet. Parrcaann's have now stood the test for 50 years, andquality and first-class workmanship are still guaranteed.-4clot GOOD FRIDAY AT RUNCORN AND WIDNES. The twin towns of the Mersey presented the appear- ance of Sunday, the tradesmen's shops being closed and services being held at the churches and several of the Nonconformist places of worship. Work was not en- tirely suspended in the chemical manufactories, there being such a press of orders that it was considered unwise to stop operations to the same extent as in former Tears. Runcorn railway station was closed as on Sun- days, and those who wished to leave the locality to visit friends or relatives were obliged to cross the bridge to Widnes, where the railway compahies offered the inducement of cheap fares to a number of places of inte- rest.

RUNCORN WATER BILL. When this bill came before Lord Morley (chairman of the committee), in its preliminary stages, there were present the Parliamentary agents, Mr. Frere for the Runcorn, Halton, and Western Waterworks Company, and Mr. Baxter for the Runcorn Improvement Commis- sioners, as well as Messrs. Wiswall, F. A. Lake, E. Mar- shall, and J. Ashton. Mr. Baxter asked that the clause forming the agreement for the sale and purchase of the works be struck outtand that one be substituted empow- ering the Commissioners to purchase by agreement or arbitration.—Mr. Frere strongly objected to such a course being adopted, and after arguments his Lordship declined to permit the alteration to be made. The Bill must come on as originally framed. Go to PRITCHARD'S for the best five guinea watch a work- ingman can have.—Advt. WIDNES FREE LIBRARY COMMITTEE. The monthly meeting was held on Wednesday evening in the Town Hall. M. H. Wade Deacon presided. The Librarian (Miss Proctor) reported that during February 12,932 persons visited the reading room, compared with 13,004 in the corresponding month last year. During the same period 5,160 works had been consulted, being a decrease of 320 in the lending department, and an increase of 25 in the reference department. The Libra- rian also presented the sixth annual report, which stated that during the past year the reading room had been open 308 days, and the visitors numbered 159,148. or a daily average of 517, being an increase on the previous year of 14 per day. 809 vols. 762 by purchase and 47 by gift, had been added to die library, making a total of 5,807 books now on theshelves. During the year,56,443 books had been issued for home reading, and 2,279 had been consulted in the reading rooms' which was an in- crease of 9 per day, compared with the previous year. The boys' reading room had been of the greatest service; as many as 63 boys had been counted in the room at the same time. The general reading room was much quieter lin consequence of the absence of the boys. The report was considered highly satisfactory, and was adopted.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, APRIL 1, 1893.

ALBERT:ROAD WESLEYAN CHAPEL, WIDNES.

At the weekly meeting oilhe temperance society con- nected with the above chapel, a stirring address was de- livered by Mr. J. J. Jakeinam the diocesan temperance lecturer in elementary schools. Councillor W. Hodgkin- son presided. Jos Fest PRITCHARD is prepared to wind and keep in repair, private clocks from 10s. per annum.—Adtd. BRUNSWICH-STREET BAND OF ROPN, RUNCORN.

- The closing meeting of the present session, in connec- tion with this society, was held on Monday evening, under the presidency of Mr. Thomas Cooke, who gave a short address. An interesting programme was given by the Band of Hope choir, after which Mr. A. B. Norman made a speech. • •

If you wantyour watch repaired by skilful workmen, take It to PRITCHARD.B.-4dvt. INTER-WORBS FOOTBALL COMPETITION. The first of the series of matches arranged between the various works under the United Alkali Company was contested on Monday evening on the Lovrerhouse-lane ground, when the representative of the Runcorn Alkali and Weston Works faced each other, the Alkali winning by one try to nil. On Tuesday evening Sullivan's and Pilkington's were on the war path, the first-named team earning off victorious, the result being Sullivan's two tries, Pilkington's nothing, JOSEPH PRITCHARD, Watchmaker and Jeweller, 51, High- et.. and 4, Bridge at.. Runcorn.—Ader. WOUNDING AN HOTEL MANAGER AT WIDNES. At Liverpool Assizes, on Tuesday, James Joseph Tobin, aged 27, and John Tobin, 24, labourers, were charged with having on the 17th December, in the Waterloo Hotel, lVidnes, wounded Owen Leneham, with intent to do him grevious bodily harm. Mr. Watson conducted the prosecution, and Mr. Ross Brown defended the pri- goner John Tobin, the other being undefended by court- sel. On the day named, the two prisoners were drink- ing in the hotel named, of which the prosecutor was manager. The prisoners were behaving in a disorderly manner, in consequence of which the prosecutor and his barmen found it necessary to eject them. In the strug- gle at the door the prisoner James Joseph kicked the pro- secutor who was struck with a brick by the other pri- soner and rendered unconscioul, serious injury being inflicted upon him. After evidence had been' given, his lordship ruled that there was no evidence against James Joseph of unlawful wounding. The jury found John guilty of wounding,and James Joseph guilty on a second count of having inflicted gravous bodily harm on the prosecutor by kicking him. His Lordship sentenced John to nine months' imprisonment, and the other prisoner to two months.

SOCIAL EVENING AT RUNCORN. -- LIBERAL CLUB. Another of the series of social evenings in con- nection with Runcorn Liberal Club, was held on Wednesday night, and about sixty members spent Several hours in a most enjoyable manner. Pro- ceedings commenced with a supper of meat pie, cake and coffee, provided by Mr. P. Speakman, J.P., C.C., and cigars were afterwards distributed also at Mr. Speakman's expense. A capital programme of songs and recitations was gone through by Messrs. Paton (Widnes), J. Hosker, J. Parker, J. Moss, E. Johnston, J. Stanway, and J. Bluadell. The comic songs and recitations of Mr. Paton were a special feature of the evening's amusement. Mr. Tom Lea presided, and the duties of accompanist were performed by Mr. Holt. On the proposition of Mr. John Bate seconded by Mr. H. Wright, and supported by Mr. R. Jones a cordial vote of thanks was accorded to Mr.Speakman for his genercsity. THE VICAR OF RUNCORN AND ST. MICHAEL'S CHURCH

In the April number of the " Parish Magazine " the Vicar writes as fellows with regard to St. Michael's and All Angels Church :—" It is-a source of very great satisfaction to me to be able to print the final balance sheet of the chancel of St. Michael's, showing that every liability has been discharged. The committee found themselves face to face with a deficiency of £125 ss. 6d., precisely, we considered the matter carefully and decided that too any appeals had already been made to the public to warrant on attempt- ing another. It only remained for us to dip into our own pockets, and each of us according to our ability I contributed his share with the result that our worthy I treasurer was able on Tuesday evening, March 21st, to I place his accounts and bank book before us settled up to the last halfpenny. These accounts were passed unanim- ously and, we dissolved ourselves. St. Michael's Building Committee has accordingly ceased to exist in any form, perhaps if Runcorn flourishes some day a new vicar and a new committee will build a tower and spire. I hope my successor will have a good head and will put on the weathercock himself."—The balance sheet shows a total expenditure of £1,676 N. 3d.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND SEEN AT

RUNCORN.

BY AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT.

Mr. Philip Speakman C.C. and Mr. Thomas Rigby, County Alderman of Sutton, have been placed on the commission of the peace. • We congratulate both gentlemen on the deserved honour which has been conferred upon them.

Considering the little excitement the Guardians' election aroused in Runcorn, it was somewhat sur- prising to find that sixteen candidates had been nominated for the seven seats. Mr. Philip Speak- man consequent upon his elevation to the magis- terial bench will be an ex-officio Guardian and his name therefore does not appear in the list. The other retiring members, Dr. Gastaldi, Messrs. Lea, Norman, and Taylor seek re-election. During the past year, they have attended regularly the meet- ings ot the committees and of the Board and have generally done good work for the ratepayers. There are rumours of many withdrawals and the number of candidates is certain to be greatly reduced before , the day of election arrives.

--- At the meeting of Runcorn Board of Guardians on Tuesday next the Board will be asked to adopt or otherwise the petition to the louse of Lords, asking for a reform of the Weaver Trust, by placing it under representative control, and giving the traders on the waterway more equitable terms. It was stated at the last meeting that Mr.Brunner's position in this matter was a selfish one ; at least that was the only construction the words used by Mr. Brandreth will bear, and he would not have uttered them had he given a moment's consideration to the matter. As a matter of fact the articles manufactured by Messrs.Brunner, Mond,and Co.,are conveyed on the Weaver at a considerably lower rate than salt, and Mr. Brunner has not only on one occasion but on many stated that it was unjust that salt should be taxed to the extent it is. lie wishes the tolls to be placed on a fair and equitable basis. The Runcorn Union is practically ruled by the farming community who enjoy a great prepon- derance on the Board, and as all men are more or less selfish, their opinions will be greatly influenced by the fact that amongst the exemptions from toll is manure intended for land contiguous to the river. But can any valid and sufficient reason be given why manure should be carried toll free at the expense of other traders? If manure be carried free, why not coals or any other goods required for trade purposes. The claim is quite as strong and the need just as great in one case as the other.

Mr. Brunner desires to place the Weaver under the control of a representative body consisting of delegates from the various local authorities border- ing on the river and that it shall be managed to benefit and not hamper trade as is the case at the present time. By what method of reasoning can it be shown that the trade of the Weaver should be taxed to reduce the county rate of townships that are not interested or connected in any way with the river. The area of benefit ought to be confined to the Weaver Valley. In the report of the Board of Trade, made in 1872, the following clause occurs: " In the case of the Liverpool town dues, which formerly fell on the whole trade of the Mersey, the , dues have been transferred to the dock estate and are now applied for the benefit of shipping, the Liverpool Corporation receiving, by way of com- pensation, a sum equivelant to about 10 years pur- chase of the dues. "By the Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c., Act, 1861, a number of other charges of a similar character were put an end to on somewhat similar conditions, viz., by allow- ing them to continue for ten years, and then extinguishing them. No reason can be alleged for treating the Weaver dues differently. The vested interest of a county differs in no res- pect from that of a town or other Corporation. The trust was from the commencement a public trust, and the £O,OOO advanced in the first instance by 14 Cheshire gentlemen, and afterwards repaid to them can no More be held to have given the county of Cheshire a right to impose a perpetual tax of £30,000 a year on the salt trade, than the trifling consideration paid two centuries since. by Liverpool to the Molyneux family for the Liverpool town dues, gave that town a right to a perpetual burden on the trade of the Mersey." If the Guardians con- sider the petition in a calm and judical manner there is only one conclusion at which they can arrive, and that is to support it.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION TO THE REV. J. W. WILCOCKSON OF WESTON POINT.

The worshippers of Christ Church, Weston Point, gathered in the schoolroom on Tuesday evening, to present their pastor, the Rev. J. 11. Wilcockson, and Mrs. Wilcockson, with a token of regard and esteem. The Rev, gentleman has been presented to the living of Henbury, near Macclesfield, by the Bishop of Chester, and 70 of the parishioners had subscribed to the cost of a hanasorne silver inkstand and a Morocco handbag. On the inkstand was inscribed " Presented to the Rev. and Mrs. Wilcockson, on their leaving Weston Point by the members of the congrega- tion of Christ Church, the scholars and teachers of the Sunday school and other friends as a token of esteem. March 1893-"--Mr. Rosenberg in making the presenta- tion, said the people while pleased that Mr. Wilcockson had been chosen the vicar of ffenbury, regretted to lose him. Be had been highly successful in all his parochial work, and the day and Sunday schools had progressed remarkably under his care. His name would also be always corinected with their reading room and coffee room, which were a monument to his perseverance and liberality. Mrs. Wilcockson had also been feremost in every good-work for the welfare of the parish.—ln ac- knowledging the gifts, the Rev. J. H. Wilcockson urged his hearers to give the utmost support to the day schools and pointed out that in the near future through. the increase of the population caused by the Ship Canal, the buildings would require to be enlarged. Churchmen ought to support their day schools because they were assured of the religious teach- ing given there, whereas in the Board School, they had no guarantee as to the religious instruction given. He alluded to the great improYement that had taken place in the attendance at Sunday school since he took charge of Christ Church, which was mainly due to the teachers and parents.. He hoped they would give his successor, the Rev. David Bowen from Hyde, a hearty welcome, and show him that he had their sympathy and were determined to assist him in his work. In conclusion he thanked them in the name of his mother, big wife and himself for the kind sentiments expressed towards them and for the handsome presents.—The proceedings then terminated.—The members of the Girls' Friendly Society have presented Mrs. Wilcockson with a duplex lamp with brass Corinthian columns.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
BRITISH AND FOREIGN BIBLE SOCIETY. MEETING AT WIDNES.

The annual meeting of the Widnes Auxiliary was held in St. Paul's Parochial Room on Monday even- ing. Mr. B. Brown presided, and there was a fair attendance. A hymn having been sung and prayer offered by the Rev. T. J. Kent, the Rev. G. H. Gar- ret, said there was no formal report to read, but a very strong and representative committee had been formed to carry on the work of the Bible Society in the town. Every Protestant denomina- tion was represented on the committee and he was Pleased to think that they were so united in carry- ing out the great work of this Society. The officials appointed were: President, Rev. G. H. Garrett ; treasurer, Mr. F. Neil ; secretary, Mr. F. Ilawlinson ; committee, Revs. W. Stanton lones.R. Meiklejohn,Samp- son, T. J. Kent, R. P. Robertson, 0. Hughes, and R. G. Hughes ; Messrs. F. H. Pankhurst. A. Tracey, A. Borth- wick, D. J. Brookes, G. Stone, H. Johnson, S. Kidd, C. Davies, J. Newborn, J. Robinson, S. Owens, D. Lewis, W. Hodgkinson, and R. Roberts.—The Chairman said he was pleased to think that although there were differ- ences between the Protestant deoominations, they could at least stand on the same platform when the Bible was concerned. He trusted it would be their endeavour to enable the Bible Society to continue in its good work in the future as it had done in the past, in extending the kingdom of Christ. Englishmen owed a great deal to this Society, but there were some societies which did not seem to obtain much sympathy from the general put> lic. He did not think the English public grasped the vast importance and influence of the Bible Society. If one quarter of the money spent in races and football were given to the Society it would not be so much in debt. The Society had an annual income of £114,000, and there was a deficiency of £23,000. It was time that they in Widnes gave increased help to the Society,instead of sending £4 they ought at least to coutribute £2O. (Applause.)—The Rev.C.F.Moss, of Southport, formerly missionary at Madagascar delivered an interesting lec- ture on "The Bible in Madagascar." The lecture was admirably illustrated by lantern views shown by the Rev. R. Meiklejohn.—On the motion of the Rev. G. A. Le Bert seconded by the Rev. R. G. Hughes, a vote of thanks was accorded to the chairman and lecturer, and a similar compliment was paid to the Vicar for the use of the room, on the motion of Mr. S. Owe..s seconded by Mr. F. Laurinson. The collection realised £2 10s., as comnared with 19s. last year.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
ROD HAM.

PETTY SESSIONS.

WEDNESDAY.—Before Messrs. C. Reynolds, J. Reynolds, and J. Handley._ .

ASSAULT BY A YOUTII.—WiIIiAM Booth, of FrOdsham Lordship, was summoned for assaulting Ann Ainsworth, on March 15th.—Complainant stated about a quarter to Eleven in the evening she was going to the well for some water. Defendant stumbled against her, used abusive language, threatened to cut her head off, and kicked her violently on the left thigh and jumped upon her back several times.—Defendant who denied the offence, was fined 10s. and us. 6d. costs, or 14 days' imprisonment. A DANGEROUS WEAPON.—Thomas Griffiths, Dunham- o'th'-Hill, was summoned at the instance of William Speechley, Inland Bevenue officer, for carrying a pistol without a licence, on December 26th. The Chairman said the weapon produced was more like a curiosity that ought to be hung up in the house that brought into use. The nipple was split, and if it had been discharged might have knocked out the eye of the user.—Fined 2s. 6d. and 10s. costs. CRUELTY TO ANIMALS.—Joseph Thompson, of Norley, was summoned for cruelty to a horse by working the same whilst in an unfit condition on February 17th. P.S. Doyle saw the animal near the junction of Church-street and Main-street, Frodshm. It was very lame, and could scarcely walk along ; in fact it had only one leg upon which it could walk. Mr.A Linaker,solicitor,saw the animal, and expressed the opinion that it was unfit to be out of the stable. A fine of ss. and lie. 6d. costs was imposed.—William Gaskell. of Frodshain Lordship, was summoned for a like offence, on February 18th. Inspec- tor Dowty said the mare, which was attached to a bread cart, was very lame on the left hind leg. P.S. Doyle gave corroborative evidence. A penalty of 51. and 10s. 6d. was imposed.—Tames Cornea, of Helsby, was summoned for cruelty to a horse, on March 9:h. P.C. Wetherby stated that the mare had a sore on each shoulder.—Ordered to pay 2s. 61. and Bs. 6d. costs. DRUNK IN CHARGE.—Thomas Snallcross, of Frodsham, was summoned for being drunk in charge of a horse and cart, on March 21st.—Fined ss. and 9s. 6d. costs. WALKED 400 MlLES.—Patrick Connor, Catherine Connor, and Michael Connor were charged with begging at four o'clock on the previous afternoon at Helsby.— The prisoners said they had walked from County Dur- ham to Wales, and were on their return home. They had walked about 400 miles.—They were discharged on proinising to leave the district.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES TOWNSIIIP MEETING.

The annual meeting of the ratepayers of the town- ship of Widnes, was held in the Overseer's Office, Victoria-road on Thursday evening. There were present Messrs. F. Neil (in the chair), D. Wright, F. H. Pankhurst, It. Whiteside, E. Al artl ey. T. S. Swale, T. Atherton, 1). J. Brookes, Joynsou, J. Midwood, J. Goff (assistant overseer). The Chairman in the course of the usual financial statement said they commenced the year with a balance of £513 10s. sd. and they received from the rate laid in MO £14,156 13s. 11d., which with interest amounting te £23 Os. Id., brJught up the total receipts to £14,693 4s. sd. There had been paid to Present Union and county calls £10,600 ; Widnes School Board, £3,500 ;other pur- poses, £204 12s. 6d. ; leaving a balance in hand of £3BB lie, lid. The Chairman explained that the School Board precept was £4,500, but the overseer had a balance of a thousand pounds which they paid to the School Board on the 25th March. Owing to the incor- poration of the town the collection of some monies, which had previously been in the hands of the Local Board would now be collected by the overseers. A pre- cept had been served upon the overseers by the Council for £10,552 6s. 9d., lr a rate of Is. 7d. in the Z. Sop- posing that the amount required by the Union would be same as last year £9,000, the total amount required was £19,752 6s. gid. which would mean a rate of 3s. in the £. Last year the rate was 2s. in the £. The precept from the Town Council included the School Board precept of £5,000 and also the police. A dismission took place during which the Chairman stated that the poor rate and district rate last year was 4s. 6d. He was certain that amount would be exceeded this year. There were many items which would not I occur again. There was the cost of incorporation,a very large item. They might anticipate a reduction in the district rate, from the fact that expenses of the Library, the Technical Schools, the Town Clerk's Department, the Town Hall expenses, a portion of the salary of tho Sur- veyor and other officials were included in the la3rough rate precept which the overseers had to collect. These items had been transferred from the district rate to the poor rate, and as they collected the latter on the full as- sessment from railways and agricultural land, whereas before they only paid on one-fourth, this was to the advantage of the general body of ratepayers. The following gentlemen were nominated for the office of overseers :—Messrs. F. Neil, D. Wright, Joshua Mid- wood, F. H. Pankhurst, Joseph Robinson, and T. Ather- ton.. Regret was expressed that Mr. James White de- clined to again accept office.—A vote of thanks was passed to the assistant overseer, whose ability and atten- tion to duty was spoken of in high terms of praise.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
AT OUR LOCAL CEURCHES.

THE RECTOR ON THE WESLEYAN& NOT THE LAST ADDRESS. The Rector (the Rev. F. W. Willis), at the Parish Church on Sunday night, in an address upon "The Wesleyans," said that he had come to the last of the addresses of which he had given notice, but he proposed to have one concluding address the following Sunday, upon "The Holy Catholic Church." He would like to say how glad he was to have seen such large attendances, and he would also wish to say what he did not care to say by writing to the papers, how intensely grieved he was, if by these addresses, he had stirred up any unkind feeling. He had no intention of doing auy- thing of the kind. fie had no idea of the matter becom- ing so public, although he had no objection whatever to it. The last form of dissent, which he would discuss that night, was the Wesleyans, who separated from the Church on doctrinal grounds in the last century. The 18th century was a time of great stagnation, and it was then that the Unitarians appealed to the upper classes, while the Wesleyans by their earnestness appealed to the misses. His address that night would be divided into four points—first, the history of Wesleyanisrn ; second, what he conceived to be their errors ; third, their excel- lencies; and, fourth, causes for regret and thankfulness. Wesley was born in 1703, and died in 1791, his life thus almost extending the whole length of the century. His grandfather was one of the Presbyterian ministers who were ejected in 1662,aud hie father was a clergyman and incumbent of Ep worth in Lincolnshire. He was the Seeond of three eons, Samuel, John, and Charles. John was sent to in Charterhouse, and afterwards gained a fellowship n Lincoln College. Ile was ordained a dea- con in 1725. He joined a band of most earnest young men, and lived a very holy life. Ia 1735, he went to America on a mission to the Indians and settlers of Georgia: On the voyage he fell in with some Moravians i who believed n sudden, sensible conversion, instantane- ous perfection, and after attaining that perfection taught an inability to sin. Wesley adopted their doc- trines and gives the time of his conversion at 9 o'clock, on Wednesday, May 24th, 1738, and said that he had never been a Christian before then. This influence of the Moravians was only temporary. In 1739 he fell under the influence of the French Convulsionists who were refugees from the continent. These fell into a kind of religious hysteria under the influence of addresses given by their preachers. In 1744, Wesley and Whitfield separated, and from the latter arose the Calvinistic Methodists, known as Lady Huntingdon's sect and in the same year the first Wesleyan Conference Was held. In 1750, the idea was first broached of separation from the church, and in 1784 Wesleyanism was established. A deed of declaretien was drawn up and enrolled in Chancery, giving unlimited powers to the legal hundred preachers of the conference, and trusting it was all the property,and power to settle all questions by a majority of votes. The three years' system was also settled then. In this year Wesley, although he was only a priest, ani not a bishop, ordained two laymen as presbyters and consecrated two clergymen as bishops, from which arose the Methodist Episcopalian Church of America. Just be- fore Wesley died, he wrrote a solemn warning to his fol- lowers not to separate from the Church of England, but in 1795 the actual separation took place, and from that time to 1849, there were several divisions from them. One of their errors was the confusion of regeneration and conversion. Regeneration was a change out of the world into the church, and was shown by baptism, which showed their change out of the family of the world to the familyof God. Conversion meant a change of heart and life, and could only take place in an adult. There must be two persons in conversion, the Holy Spirit couvincing„ and the person yielding to His im- pulses. Regeneration could and did take place at bap- tisin,and evervlittle infant received regeneration,although its heart was not touched. Their second great error was that conversion was entrance into the church. By baptism they entered the Church,and not be conversion. There were good and bad children in the Church as in a family. The Wesleyans also believed that conversion was necessery for all. Of course there were a great many who needed it, but it was not necessary for all. There were souse who never knew a time when they did not love and serve God. There were others, who like Wesley, could nssne the very day and hour and place when the blessed change took place. It was so with St. Paul and St. Augustine, but yet, it was not absolutely necessary for all. Their fourth error was a belief hi instantaneous perfection. The Church believed in a gradual growing in grace, but the Wesleyans believed in an instantaneous perfection and thence an inability to sin. This however, was qualified by saying" So long as God keeps us." Among their excellencies was the revival of spirituality. At the time of the church's slumber in the last century, Wesley's soul was on fire to win souls for God, and the Wesleyans are still deeply spiritual men, and he (the Rector) could not speak too highly of their work among the masses. " They con- descend to men of low estate." They work amongst the poor and the fallen. They have also a wonderful organi- setion, with their circuits, ministers, preachers, and classes, hut their organisatiort was not to be c.impared with the Church in its dioceses,bishops, parishes, priests and as,istant curates. One great cause of regret was their leaving of the Church of England, although they fcelowed a man who was an incumbent of the English Church, and who implored them not to leave it. Another cause of regret was the exercise of the ministerial func- tion by men not qualified to do it. Only bishops could ordain, and only priests could celebrate holy communion. A cause for thankfulness, however, was their earnestness and another cause or thankfulness was their friendly attitude toward the Church. Some b -dies had become very political and antagonistic toward the Ciiurch. He did not think that was so with the Wesleyans. :There were dissenters and dissenters, and it was a cause of thankfulness that the Wesleyans were so friendly. He believed there were still some Wesleyans who had their children baptised in the Church, and were also married and buried by church clergymen. THE P.S.A. AT WYCLIFFE. On Sunday, the usual pleasant Sunday afternoon ser- vice was held in Wycliffe Church. There was again a large attendance. The chair was occupied by the Rev. J. W. Varley, whe delivered a brief address. Miss N. Roberts contributed a solo. An address was delivered by Dr. Waite of Liverpool, which he preceded by the singing of the solo " Rock of Ages " in an excellent manner. Mr. Thomas Wallineton, secretary, said that the membership had now reached 430. He wished to correct an error which had gained currency in the town that none were wanted at the services unless they be- came members of the society. He wished it to be un- derstood that all men were welcome to attend the ser- vices whether they enrolled themselves as members or not. On Monday evening a meeting of the members of the P.S.A. at Wycliffe was held in the schoolroom, Bewsey- street, for the purpose of electing officers and a com- mittee. The Rev. J. Yonge was elected president ; Mr. Thomas Wallington, secretary ; Mr. A. Knowles, regis- tration secretary ; Mr. Atkinson, treasure! ; and a committee of twenty members was also appointed. CONFIRMATION AT TfIE PARISH CHURCH. The assistant Bishop of Liverpool (Dr. Royston) held a confirmation service at the Parish Church on Monday afternoon. The candidates numbered 157, 118 of tneso being from the Parish, 11 from the Grammer School, 26 from Padgate, and two from Newton. Before the cere- mony of the laying on of hands, his Lordship impressed upon the candidates the importance of the vows they were about to make, and said the occasion ought be be at once the most solemn and the happiest of all their lives. The clergymen present in addition to the Bishop were—the Rector (the Rev. P. W. Willis), the Rev. C. E. Jackson, the Rev. F. C. Timmins, the Rev. A. A. Mark- ham, the Rev. T. W. Cook, the Rev. E. J. Willcocks, the Rey. J. J. Langham, the Rev. I. Phillips, and the curate of St. Thomas' Church, Newton. The candidates after- wards partook of an excellent tea at the National school and subsequently attended a service at the church.

WIDNES PETTY SESSIONS. TnußSDAY.—Before Mr. Holbrook Gaskell, jun., and Lieutenant-Colonel Gaskell. MISCELLANHOOS.—Mary Murray, no fired abode, was charged with sleeping in a brickfield off Moor-lane. She was released on promising to leave the town.—Thomas Wainwright, William Platt, and Mary Daley, were each fined for drunkenness.—Catherine McCarthy, Elizabeth- st., was bound over to keep the peace for fighting.— William Priestnall, Waterloo-road, and Henry Davies, Irwell-at., were each fined Is. and costs for allowing the chimneys of their dwellings to be on fire. WILFUL DAMAGIL—John Fitzsimons (15), Chas. Smith (16), and Samuel Stierratt (16), all of Dirton, were charged with damaging, property at Ditton, belonging to , the arrington Building Society. It appeared that the society had 32 houses at Ditton, and it was alleged that defendants had smashed two windows, a window frame, , and a door. Mr, T. Carlile, the agent, had assess3d the damage at 155., but he said it was really much more. £lO would not cover the damage that had boeu done, E.mh defendant was fined ss. and costs, total 17e. ed., or seven days in default.—For smashing fourteen panes ef glass ot the house of John Head, in Elizabeth-st., two young women named Catherine McCarthy and Mary Barrett, were cacti fined 103. and costs,altogether £1 es. I or 14 days in default.

ROBBING A NEWSPAPER PROPRIETOR. At St. Helens, on Saturday, a girl named Ellen Stock- ton, of 24, Cyril-St., was fined ss. for stealing a bucket from t e residence in Prescott-road of Mr. Charles Cul- shaw, a local newspaper proprietor. Mr. Culshaw did not press the case, and at the close of the court paid the fine.

How SMALLPDX IS SPREAD. At the last meeting of the St. Helens Health Commit- tee, Dr. Robertson reported four new cases of smallpox, ono of which was a man who had been to Wrexham. It has since transpired that the man went to a house in vvreoham where four persons had taken smallpox, of whom two, unvaccinated, had died,while two who were vaccinated in childhood, recovered. The man had at- tended the funeral of one of the victims, and brought the germs away with his clothes. Another case has arisen in St. Helens through contact with this marl, and other cases may follow.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
!THINGS HEARD AND SEEN

AT WARRINGTON.

"Going in" for a thing is a common collo- qualism which indicates one action as a rule; but Geo. Bate who is an itinerant solicitor of alms has exercised the ingenuity which characterizes his race to tlarowi ng a plurality of meaning into the phrase "going in" for anything. Last Saturday he became aware of the approach of the Easter holidays, and wishing to compare favourably for once amongst his fellow beings, he decided to "go in" for a pair of new shoes. So he went to the Boot Company's shop in Bridge- street, and after consulting his fastidious taste, and studying the whereabouts of the shop- man, he selected a pair of" hobnails," and strolled into Mersey-street. lie threw his old " pushers" generously at a dog and sat down to try on his new Owes. By and by D.S. Monoghan came and said he was looking for a pair of new shoes. So he took the boots off George, and to prevent him hurrying out of town with the notion that War- rington people were ungenerous, Monoghan in- vited him to the mansion in Buttermarket-street, and on Monday, after a formal interview with a Bench, he succeeded—after going in" for new boots, in 'going in" for a month.

There should be some interest felt in Warrington in the industrial training ship " Clio" for this town contributes a fair proportion of intractable young- sters to " man " the vessel ; and, besides, has not the Corporation lately increased its modest sub- scription in support of the vessel? I notice that Mr. Henry Rogers, 1131.1.,has just made the official inspection of the ship, which lies in the Menai Straits, and he records continuous progress of a satisfactory character, a good tone among the boys, land excellent order and discipline. The ship, we are told, was clean, and the organisation excellent,the staff of officers working harmoniously together for the improvement and the instruction of the neg- lected children under their care. Good training in nautical instruction is given under competent sea- men, and also tailoring, shoemaking, sailmakiug, and carpentry. He examined the classes and found 1 their education thoroughly attended to. The boys were in good spirits, and seemed happy and cor?- fortable. One boy was seriously ill, and four or five ailing. Conduct had been on the whole satisfac- tory. There were 266 boys on board.

Th• captain superintendent, W. Milner Moger, R.N., reports that over 1,300 boys have been entered on the ship books since the " Clio" was established as a training ship in 1877. Over 1,000 have been discharged, and 84 per cent, were doing well,mostly at sea. Over 200 are R.N.R. men.

Last week I had the temerity to deprecate the growing popularity of the "cancerous weed," amongst Warrington young women. I was sur- prised at the number of iady friends whom this disparagement seemed to annoy. This week, how- ever, lam going to show them that the crusade against smoking does not merely effect females. Our American cousins have recently been attempt- ing to get a measure passed preventing a youth,who is unfortunate enough to be under 14, from squandering his pocket money upon, and destroy- ing his health by, the use of tobacco. What a source of revenue they would do away with in England if it were carried out. But our Yankee, friends go still further. The Washington Legisla- ture has passed a Bill making the sale of cigarettes illegal, in the state of Washington.

When I read this I said : I will tell my anti-to- bacconist friends andinduce them to persuade their " subjects " to emigrate to moral Washington. Then I read a little more and the paper said " But the motive of the Legislature is neither ethical nor sanitary, but economical. Nine-tenths of the mem- bers who voted for the Bill did not care a nickel about the reform of the cigarette fiend, but they were anxious to knock out the Tobacco Trust,which made profits last year out of cigarettes of four , million dollars."

Possibly one of the worst features of Warrington, and one which the Corporation are finding the most difficulty in dealing with, is that of the "slum " or insanitary property which the Medical Officer of Hoalth has at various times condemned as" unfit for human habitation." The Salford Corporation are I notice, coping with the same problem. They have purchased a considerable amount of slum property, and are abont to spend £lO,OOO in erecting " model dwellings" for the poor. The dwellings will be in flats and each tenement will contain a living room, bedroom. scullery and we. There is not much doubt of the success of such a scheme if it were carried out in Warrington.

Good Friday passed off in Warrington in a quiet kind of way, but although there was an absence of wilful " contravening of the law," I have an idea that if a certain judge's definition of a bona fide traveller were acted upon this locality there would be quite a number—probably a few hundreds—of thirsty souls before the magistrates next week. The judge in question said that a man had no right to refreshment on licensed premises during prohibited hours unless he could prove that he had travelled the "limit " on legitimate business ! The only business done by some of those who had refreshments yesterday would be the purchase of intoxicating liquors. And somehow I don't think that would be legitimate business! MERLIN.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION TO INSPECTOR CLARK

SON OF WIDNES.

Art interesting ceremony took place in Widnes Police Court on Wednesday afternoon. when In- spector Clarkson, of Horwich, near Bolton, formerly sergeant of police at Widnes, was the recipient of a handsome black marble timepiece and a valuable keyless gold watch from the tradesmen of the town as a token of respect and esteem. In the absence of Mr. H. Wade Deacon who was unable to fulfil his promise to make the presentation, Supt, Keighley ful- filled the duty. In handing the gifts to Inseector Clarkson, the Superintendent said they testified to good feeling which existed between the public and the police in Widnes, which he hoped would ever cemtinue. That was the second occasion upon which he had acted as chairman at presentations to police officers in Widnes. He hoped Inspector Clarkson would long live to look at the presents and have them handed down to members of his family to remind them of the Widnes people. Dur- ing the time he, (Superintendent Keighley) had been in Widnes he had found Mr.Clarkson most humane to those with whom he had to deal. He had also often given ad- vice to those who needed it, and in many cases brought them back to the paths in which they ought to tread. It was the duty of police officers to do that, although it was rather difficult to carry it out at times, but they had to deal with people sometimes who would have gOne very much further wrong, but for the kifid advice given them by the police. (Applause.) Nothing gave him greater pleasure than to hand the testimonials over to Inspector Clarkson. (Applause.) Inspector Clarkson, in reply, said he could hardly find words that would sufficiently thank them for the con- sideration they had shown towards hini,not only on that occasion, but during the twenty-one years he had been in Widnes. He felt he was not deserving of the high character *Superintendent Beighley had given him, but ha had always tried to carry out the duties of his office faithfully and conscientiously,knd apparently he had done so satisfactorily, or they would not be honouring him with their presence that day. (Applause.) He well re- membered with what feelings he came to Widnes twenty- two years ago, for he was told he would be poisoned with chemical gas, and that a policeman's life was of no value in the town ; but he had tound that the more he knew of the place and the people the better he liked them. (Applause.) Hemingway, On t iiemotion a voo vote e of rt„ hTa .n kLsa wwsa, s seco ot was ni accorded od ne pdoa f bdocyotthuorser rs.uCb: nScuilplotr. Kscertabheresy, faonrdhaissgimooidlaT,fficcoems,polnimueientm G. I. Neil, seconded by Councillor T. Smith.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
LY MM,

LVlllif WESLEYAN MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY.— The subject under consideration at the weekly meeting of this society:held on Monday evening the 27th inst., was a discussion which had taken place in the columns of the "Christian World" upon the question "Is woman cruel ?" The original article, by Norman Gale, and some of tha letters which the article, called forth, were read by Mr. Thorp. The chair was taken by Mrs. F. 0. Moston. LOCAL BOARD.—The candidates nominated to the Lymm Local Board on Saturday were the three retiring members, Messrs. H. Harrison, F. swallow. and A. Mclntyre, together with Mr. Edwin Holt, builder, of Cherry-lane. lirmAt LIBERAL CLUB .—The adjourned annual meeting- of the Lymm Liberal Club took place on the club pre- mises last evening week. There was a good attendanc,, the chair being occupied by Mr. G. L. Welf o r accounts were presented by Mr. John Holt, certified by Mr. John L. Stelfox, and showed a balance of a little over re-electedE lin presidentfavourof thefr the year, L.CW(tr3rdsiwlaaws treasurer, vice-presidents, and Mero. Int anTdhgeßflolluort ldofhmona.ntargeeamsu'ernetr.: Committee were also re-elected. committee

===== 0002601_18930401_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
DO YOU ENJOY PERFECT HEALTH?

IF NOT WHY NOT ?

any persons suffer from ill-health and, it may be, are icted for years, simply because they have transgressed LAWS OF NATURE.

simplest manner for ma ) to secure immunity from Is to obsers e and follow these laws as tar as practic- and if illness overtakes him to take as remedies only preparations as are supplied by nature. The only staturtAL remedies are vegetable, and the most renowned and efficient vegetable remedy of the present age iawilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. This preparation is now extensively taken throughout the country by pa- tients suffering from weakness, ner- vousness and indigestion, with their numerous and varied symptoms, and its efficacy in all cases of the kind has been successfully established, and is attested by thousands of testimonials fro,, every district where it has been tried. Its claims have been tested and 'proved by the medical proteslonsnd others, and corroborated by the written testimony of eminent men. The Quinine Bitters contain not only a suitable quantity of quinine in each dose, but the active principles of the following well-known medicinal herbs : —Sarsaparilla, Burdock, Dandelion. Gentian, Lavender. and Saffron. The use of quinine is well known, but it was never ea: isfactorily combined with these preparations until the inventor of these Bitters, after many and long continued experiments, was able to secure a perfectly unhorm combination of all the essential properties of the above plants in their greatest purity and concentration. It is a tonic " Pick-me-up," scientifically pre- pared in happy proportions. Gwilym Evans' Bitters are recm- mended by Doctors, Analysts, and Chemists for Weakness, Indigestion, Nervousness, Depression of Spirits, and all Winter Ailments. It is invaluable in restoring strength to persons who are weak after a long Illness. ricz' CAUTION—Beware of the numerousiimitations which are being offered instead of the Gwilyrn Evans' Quinine Bitters, and remember that no bottle is genuine unless the name " Gwilyin Evans" is on the label, stamp and bottle. Sold by all Chemists. in bottles, at is. 11d,, 2s. ed. and 4e. 6d. each, and in cases of three Is 6d., bottles at 12s. 6d. each, or will be sent for the above prices, free by parcels post, direct from the Proprietors :—Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly. South Wales.

'GWYLVI

]VANS'

QUININE

BITTERS.

GWILYM

EVANS'

,BIT TERS.

GWILYM

EVANS'

QUININE

ITT ERS .

===== 0002601_18930401_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES

A WARNING TO BUTCHERS. -John Kelly, Stoney-yard. butchers assistant, was charged at the Warrington Borough Court on Monday, with furiously driving a horse and spring cart along Horsemarket-st., on March 17th. P.C. Evans said that on the 17th inst., he saw defendant driving a butcher's vehicle down Horsemarket-St., at a fast rate. He knocked over a man named Newton, and drove off with out stopping. Mr. Newton corroborated the officer's statement, and defendant was fined 10s. and costs, Mr. Monks saying the butchers made a practice of driving fast, but if any more were brought up on a similar offence they would be more severely dealt witia. ALLEGED CRUELTY TO A HORSE. John Bradbury was charged at the Warrington Borough Court, on ihursday, with ill-treating a horse,on March 20, by working it while in an urtfit state, Inspector Dowty, R.S.P.C.A., said that from information received from P.S. Smith, he went on the 21st inst. to see defendant's horse at the Horse and Jockey stables. He found it to be very lame in the fore legs and unfit for work. He had stopped defendant for the same horse previously. P.S. Smith also gave evidence. Defendant contended that the horse examined by Inspector Dowty was not the same horse for which his son was stopped by P.S. Sinith, and that there was a discrepancy be- tween the descriptions of the horse and also its height in the evidence of the witnesses. The magistrates ad- journed the case for a proper examination to be made. AN AFTER BREARFAST THIEF. John Austin was charged on Monday, at the Warring- ton Borough Court, with stealing from the yard of the Warrington Slate Company, Arpley-road, on Saturday 25th inst., a man's pilot jcket,two pockethandkerchiefs and an ounce of tobacco, valued 10s. John Lowe, labourer for the company, said that he left his coat after breakfast near the Buxton Lime Office on Saturday, and when he went for it at eleven o'clock, it was gone. The tobacco and handkerchiefs were in the jacket pockets. Prisoner had been about the yard that morning. Patrick Daly. son of the lodging-house keeper, Scotland-road, said that he received the jacket from prisoner, to be put away for him.—Detective Monaghan said that he receiv- ed information from Lowe, and arrested prisoner in Winwick-st. He was drunk at the time. The coat was obtained from Daly's lodging-house, and was identified by Lowe. Prisoner was sent to gaol for a months hard labour. -

A 6` TOMMY ATKINS "IN TROUBLE. At the Borough Court on Wednesday, James Henry Ward, a soldier from Orford Barracks, was charged with breaking into the house ef Patrick Barclay, 11. Morris'- yard, Silver-square, with intent to commit a felony, about one o'clock on Wednesday morning. From the evidence it appeared that the prisoner had effected an entrance by pushing open the lower half of the kitchen window, and when found by the occupants of the house he was standing before the fire. The prisoner was not drunk, nor had he stolen anything. With difficulty he was brought to the police station by Patrick Barclay and the lodger Samuel Bennett, and P. C. Clough. The pris- oner slid he had been brought there by a young woman. A sergeant from the barracks said prisoner had been in the army eleven years and bore a very good character. The case was dismissed, on the prisoner promising to pay the two witnesses their wages for lost time. IN FOR CHEAP SHODDING. George Bate was charged on Saturday, at the War- •rington Police Court,with stealing from the People's Boot Co., Bridge-st., m the 24th inst., a pair of boots, valued ss. lid. The Chief Constable said that prisoner was a labourer lodging in Percival's-fold. The boots were seen safe at the door of the shop at 7-30 on the 24th inst., but a quarter-of-an-hour afterwards they were missing. Joseph Beckall, manager of the People's Boot Co., re- ported the matter to Detective Monaghan, also showing him a specimen boot. Detective Monaghan at once visited the various pawnshops and public-houses near, and at length reached the Leigh Arms, in Mersey-street, where he saw prisoner lacing a pair of boots. Seeing that they were new boots, Monaghan examined them, and found that they resembled the description of the boots missing. When questioned, prisoner said that he bought them from Scales and Salter's. Detective Monag- han took him to the People's Boot Co., and the boots were at once identified. Prisoner was sent to gaol for a month's hard labour. INHARMONIOUS MATRIMONY. William Dumbell, jun.,was charged at the Warrington Police Court, on Saturday, with unlawfully leaving his wife and children chargeable to the Warrington Union. on March 23. Mr. Shearer,who appeared for the Ur said that defendant's wife applied for admission to the house on the 15th inst., for herself and three children. Witness visited her house on the 17th inst., and they were admitted on the 23rd inst. The husband,who had had a separatiomorder made against him twelve months ago, and ordered to pay lls, a week to his wife,but who had only paid it for three months, was written to, and told to appear before the Board of Guardians. He,how- ever, came too late, and the Guardians ordered him to be prosecuted. Mr. Fairhurst, defendant's father-in- law, gave evidence as to defendant failing to pay to- wards the support of his wife. Mr.Davies,who appeared for defendant, said his client was willing to live with his wife again, but couIIII not get her to come to him. Mr. Brandreth spoke as to defendant's good character, and Mr. Shearer also stated that the wife appeared to be willing to live with her husband again. The case was adjourned for 14 days to see if the parties could come to satisfactory terms.

--- - - - HEARTLESS ROBBERY. At the Borough Court, on Tuesday, James Taylor Was charged with stealing, on Saturday., a leather purse. containing 3s. 3d., the property of Elizabeth Wrigley, 13,Edward-St. Detective Monaghan said that complain- ant and prisoner used to lodge at the same house. On Saturday, prisoner came to complainant's to see a child that was dead. Mrs. Wrigley had collected the money to bury- the child, and it was in a purse on the table. She went out to a neighbour's house, and when she re- turned prisoner was gone and had taken the money. He was wearing some clothing which he had exchanged with a soldier, and afterwards changed them again With the soldier with the result that when Mrs.VVrigley went to the barracks to identify him,she could not find him. Wit- ness arrested prisoner in Bruchemite's lodging-house with the purse in his possession. The child had not been buried up to Tuesday, as Mrs. Wrigley could not pay for the funeral owing to the theft. The magistrates thought this te be a particularly bad case, and as heartless as it .could possibly be, and sent prisoner to gaol for three -months' hard labour.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT. SATURDAY.—Before Mr. T. Bureess (chairman), /Oder- man Chandley, and Mr. L. Voisey. DRONZ ARD DISORDERLY —For this offence, in Church. at., Wm. Ward was lined ss. and costs or seven days imprisonment. ASSAULT O 5 A W/FE.—Thos. Wright was charged with n9t having appeared on a summons for assaulting his wife Mary Jane Wright on March 18th.—The complain- ant said that on the day in question, her husband came home drunk,and gave her only a small amount of money. She asked him if he had no more, wl,en he picked up a jug and threw it at her, but it just missed her. He afterwards struck her about the head.—P.C. Knockson paid that when arrested prisoner used threats to his I

...-......al Ml=lll.-- .... -...

wife and was very violent. Prisoner was bound over to keep the peace for six months in two sureties of LS and himself in £lO. MONDAY.—Before Mr. F. Monks (chairman) and Mr. Wm. Pierpoint. DRUNK. AND DISORDERLY.—Patrick Duffy, Bridge-st., on Saturday, Ss. including costs; Wm. McCormick, Allan-st., on Sunday, ss. including costs; Mary Monaghan, Bridge-st., March 15th, 5s or seven days ; John Baguley, Mill-st., March 22nd, Ss. and costs or 14 days; for being drunk in Horsemarket-St., on Satur- day, John Myers was ordered to leave the town. ALLEGED THEFT OF Coat.—Emma Toft, 10, and John Rowlands?, of 365 and3ls, Winwick-road, respectively, were each charged with stealing a quantity of c)-al valued 4d., the property of the Warrington Corporation on the 20th inst.—Mr. Haddock, manager of .the gad- works, said the coal was frequently stolen, and the two defendants were brought up as a warning to others, Defendants were dismissed with a caution. OBSTRUCTION OF THE ROAD.—Maginn Bros. cab pro- prietors, were summoned for obstructing Arpley-st„ on the 19th, by having six cabs standing there. P.C. Bell proved the case and defendants were fined ss. and

Costs. PITCH AND TOSS.—Wm. Hughes. Arthur Skelhorne, and Charles Turner of 22, 50, and 46 Wellington-st., respec- tively, were charged with playing pitch and toss, at the back of Wellington-st., on the 19th inst.—P.C. Delahay proved the case, and defendants were each fined ss. CaIIUNV7 ON FIRE.—For this offence Wm. Spruce. 32 Warburton-St., was fined is. TRYING TO LIGHT A CIGARETTE.—Frank Bullen, Lovely lane, was charged with extinguishing the light of a lamp in Arpley-st., on the 24th inst. P.C. Clough stated that he saw defendant climb the lamp and put the light out. He was caught on coming down. Mr. Arthur Browne for defendant said that defendant was a good climber, and had been persuaded by a companion to climb the lamp to get a light for a cigarette, and while doing so he accidentally put the light out. The case was dis- missed. TUESDAY.—Before Councillor H. Roberts (chairman) and Dr. Starkey Smith. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—Thornas Walsh, Butter- market-st., on Monday, fined 10s. and costs, or 14

days. REFUSING TO QUlT.—Edward Morris and Thos. Beckett were charged with being drunk and disorderly on Mon- day,and with refusing to quit the Packet House Inn,and also with assaulting John Monks, the landlord. Mr. Arthur Browne said that Monks refused to serve the two prisoners as they were drunk, and they raised such a disturbance that they had to be put out, during which Beckett gave Monks a blow on the nose. Prisoners were each fined 10s. and costs, or 14 days for refusing to quit, and Beckett was also fined another 10s. and costs, or 14 days, for the assault. ASSAULT 01k1 A Womax.—Catherine Richardson was charged with assaulting Elizabeth Worrall, on the 26th inst. Complainant described the assault, which con- sisted in being struck in the face with a teapot, and pri- soner was fined ss. and costs, or seven days.. Scgoot Casgs.--Samuel Beardsall, 124, Battersby-lane, fined 55. • Michael Dempsey, Mill-yard, 2s. 6d.; William Hopwood, Deakin's-yard, 2s. 6d. ; Thomas Newall, Hall- st., 53. ; James Coleman, Warburton-St, 2s. 6d. ; WM. Baines, Erwood-st., ss. ; and Thomas Shawe, 9, Collins- st., adjourned. Mr. George Riley prosecuted. THURSDAY.—Before Dr. Gornall, Alderman Sutton, and Captain Ridgway. APPLICATIONS.—Mr. Chantry,Horsemarket-st.,applied for permission to open his shop from 6 a.m to 9 a.m. on Good Friday to sell hot cross buns. The application was granted.

RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS. MONDAY.—Before Mr. James Handley and Dr. Steele. STRAY DOG.—George Williams of Norton, was fined 6d. and costs Bs. 6d., for allowing his dog to bs at large unmuzzled. NEGLIGENT CARTER.—SaIIIUeI Johnson, carter for Messrs. Fairclough, of Warrington, was fined is. and costs 9s. 6d., for having at Sutton on the 15th March, not had proper control over his horses and lurry. GrADIING WITH CARDS.—A young man was tined 103. and costs 9s. 6d., for gaming with cards, in Penketh- lane, on Sunday, the 19th March.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS.

don,

SATURDAY.—Before Colonel McCorquodale (in the chair), Messrs. A. C. McCorquodale, N. McCorquodale. W. Mitchell and J. Wood. INEBRIATES.—The following persons were dealt with for inebriation :—John Deary,Newten ; Robert Haze'den, Haydock ; Wm. Joyce, GollSorne ; Martin Davies, Got- borne; Wm. Wilkins, Golborne ; and Matthew Stacey, Haydock. BREACH OF THE WEIGHTS AND MEASURES Ac.—Ed. Wm. Bent, of Vulcan cottages, was summoned for hav- ing in his possession a pair of unstamped scales. In- spector Spencer stated that on the 10th he visited the defendant's shop and found the scales unstamped. Upon questioning the defendant about this he used very abusive language. Witness had servc4 notices of the Weights and Measures Acts upon the defendant in 1891, and had twice visited him and cautioned him about the unstamped scales.—Mr. Longton solicitor, who appeared for the defendant roes-examinedt Inspector Spencer, who admitted that the scales were quite just although unstamped. Mr. Longton pleaded neglect upon the part of his client.—The Bench inflicted a fine of 10s. and costs. THE TOOTHSOME THIEF.—Wm, Benton, who was re- manded from the previous Wednesday morning for stealing a box of sweets from Earlestown station, the property of the London and North-Western Railway Company, was brought up again. Mr. Fenna, solicitor, prosecuted on behalf of the Company, and Mr. J. P. Mearns, appeared for the defendant, Evidence was given to show that the defendant was under thQ influ- ence of drink at the time he committed the theft. He was shown to have satisfactory antecedents. The Bench bound him over in three sums of £2O to appear when called moon, and recorded a conviction. BREACHES OF TIIE PEACE.—For a breach of the peace committed in Tanner's-lane. on the 11th inst., Thomas ' Walsh and Thomas McAllin were bound over to keep the peace for six months. For a similar offence com- mitted at flaydock on the 11th inst., Thomas Walsh and Peter Gaffey were also bound over to keep the peace for six months. REFUSING TO QUlT.—Thomas Glinn was fined ss. and costs for refusing to quit the Queen Anne Inn, Golborne, on the 18th inst.—P C. Blundell proved the case. A" QUASHED" Can.—Seth Hutchinson and Alexander Cooper. alias Heys, were called in answer to charges of being drunk on and refusing to quit the Huntsman Inn, licensed premises of Win. Tunstall. and with assaulting Thomas Hill. Mr. Knowles appeared for the prosecutor Tunstall, and Mr. Lee, Wigan, appeared on behalf of the defendants. Before the magistrates clerk read out the charge, Mr. Knowles said that two defendants were charged with being drunk and refusing to quit the ' Huntsman Inn, the licensed premises of his client. Mr. ' Tunstall, also with assaulting Thomas Hill. His client had taken out the summons for the purpose of showing that he did not condone breaches of the law committed on his premises, but he did not wish the case to go any further, since the defendants had apologised to Mr. Tunstall. Mr. Lee said that as he had apologised to the prosecutor on behalf of his clients he thought the case f should be withdrawn. The magistrates then gave per- , mission for the case to be withdrawn.

DA.RESBURY PETTY SESSIONS. TIIESDAL—Before Mr. W.Long (in the chair), Alderman _

Greenell, and Mr. F!. Neild. UNMUZZLED DOGS.—Joseph Filling, Warrington, for allowing his dog to be at large unmuzzled at Preston Brook, on the 23rd March was fined la.—George Groom, Stockton Heath, for allowing his. dog to ke at large un- muzzled at Appleton, on February 7th, was fined W. Isherwood, 57, Tanners-lane, Warrington, for al- lowing two dogs to be at large unmuzzled at Appleton, on March Ist was fined is. each doff. DOG OWNER WITHOUT A LICENSR.—Thomas Whitfield, labourer, Appleton, for having a dog without a license was fined is. and costs. Datlttit AND DISORDERLY.—Lucy Vining, A married woman, for being drunk and disorderly at Appleton, on the 7th March, was fined 59. including costs. CHARGE AGAINST a DnivErt.—Samuel Johnson, Latch- ford, a carter, was charged with being asleep whilst in charge of a lurry at Moore. The defendant did not appear and the case was adjourned to the 25th April. , BICYCLE WITHOUT Lamr.—James Forster, fitter, 17, Allen-st., Warrington, was summoned for riding a bicycle at Acton Grange, without having a lighted lamp, at 6.50. The case was adjourned for the defendant to appear. A DISORDERLY BarcissErm.—Albert Owen, Antrobus, was charged with being disorderly, and refusing to quit the licensed premises of Mr. W. L. Greaves, at Stretton, on the 25th February—He was fined ss. including costs. ASSAULTS.—Thomas Leech, a labourer, of Appleton, was charged with having unlawfully assaulted and beaten John Leigh, on the 6th inst. The plaintiff said he was coming out of a public-house at Appleton Thorn when the defendant struck him two or three times, knocking him down and cutting his head. He afterwards left him lying on the ground. Complainant had never spoken to the defendant.—The magistrates ordered the defendant to pay the cost of the,surnmons.—Mary Jane Haves, of Daresbury, was summoned for assaulting and beating Henry Havelock Maddock, a boy, nine years of age, on the 10th inst.—Mr. Jenkins, solicitor, Warrington, repre- sented the defendant, who admitted on behalf of his client that she had beaten the boy but not without pro- vocation. The defendant reared poultry and last year endeavoured to rear 75 ducks but only succeeded with 42, the others having been beaten and chased by boys. The little boy with others had been pla7ing marbles and seeing the ducks they commenCed " havinge fun with them." The boy had been teen to catch a duck, and afterwards throw it back into the brook. The defend- ant struck the boy with a thin stick across the legs. The magistrates dismissed the case, but told defendant not to take the law into her own hand again.

Emustwriew.—lntending emigran s to New York, Boston Philadelphia, San Francisco, CanaOa, China, Japan, Aus tralia, or New Zealand. should take ti -kets (lowe3t. rates) the " lixaminer" Office, by Onion, American. Australian Oriental, and other lines.—jobn Walker, agent,“Examiner ' Office, Bewsev-it.. Warrinzton.—Advt.

t:CMI .1 .11

===== 0002601_18930401_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
'ME EXAMINER, SAT URDA Y, APRIL 1, 1893.

Crompton' Morris, Warder, J. Faulkner. Davies, Abra- ham, and Riley were all prominent in bath attack and defence, and Houghton played a fine defensive game as full back. Miles, Barrett, Kent, Haslam, and Brierley worked hard for Salford, but were unable to make much heAway. WARRINGTON 2ND V. TRANMERE WANDERERS.—The above match took place at Birkenhead, Warrington win- ning the toss elected to play down-hill. The home team kicked off, and at once made tracks for the visitors' lines ; but by the aid of Gibson and Hughes, Warringtor. took play to the home 25, where Hughes ran in a try, Hamblett failing. From the drop out Warrington again attacked, and a rush by the visitors' forwards enabled Russell to score, the kick again being a failure. No sooner had the ball been dropped out again than Rowe made a dashing run in, Mannion making a good attempt ' at goal. Up to half-time Warrington continued to press. Half-time score :—Warrington,3 tries and 3 minors to nil. Warrington re-started. A good bit of work by the home blacks carried play to the visitors' lines, but Hamblett waste the front by a splendid run and kick. Rowe passed to Smith, and that player neatly turned it over to Mannion, and he to Gibson—a splendid piece of play, ending in the latter being pulled up on the line. Rowe and Mannion had hard' lines in not dropping goals. Eventually Thornton scored, and the kick again being a failure, a fast and pleasant game ended in a victory for the visitors. Final score : Warrington, 4 tries and 5 minors ; Tranmere Wanderers, nil. RUNCORN V. SALFORD "A " TEAMS.—These well- known " A" teams met at New Barns, Salford, on Saturday, before 4,000 sp6ctators. The home team was exceptionally strong, J. Roberts was included in the forwards. Runcorn were short of several of their usual players, in fact it being the weakest team that has done duty for them this season. The game ended Salford two tries, Runcorn four minors. RUNCORN VICTORIA V. RUNCORN RANGERS.—PIayed on the ground of the former. The ball was started by the Rangers, and play settled down in midfield, nothing being scored up to half time. Upon the game being re- sumed, the play became sharp, both teams trying hard to score, but without success until near time, when the Rangers managed to score a try, from which a goal re- sulted, the final result being Rangers, 1 goal ; Victoria,

===== 0002601_18930401_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON JUNIOR LEAGUE.

PART'SH CIITJRCH V. LATCRFORD.—The first meeting of these clubs took place on Saturday, on the ground of the formei 'rhe homesters had the same team (with the exception that Gallop occupied Frith's place) that de- feated St. Mary's on Monday evening, and Latchford had also mustered strongly. The opening exchanges were very even, but by degrees the visitors got to the home line, only to see Grarrity break away in fine style, and a bri'liant display between the same player, Carey, and Welsby,saw the latter scoring far out. Lawton took the kick and landed a grand goal, a success which was greeted with loud, cheers by the home team's supporters. From now to half-time the Churchites had a little the best of the argument, but ends were changed with no addition to the score. The second half was evenly-con- tested. Daniels got over after a smart piece of work, whilst Thornton scored for the visitora. Both full-backs (Bolesworth and Morgan) were applauded for their bril- liant play, and at the call of time the Parish Church retired winners by one goal and one try to one try, or seven points to two. The visitors held a slight advan- tage forward, but this was more than counterbalanced by the grand combination of the home backs. It would be unfair to mention any individual in particular, for all the team played well. On behalf of Latchford, Morgan, Hughes, and Dakin worked hard and well. Referee,Mr. J. Boyle.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

RUNCORN v. BARNTON ROVERS.—Played at Runcorn on Saturday. At the previous meeting of these teams, Barnton came off victors by four goals to one. When the whistle blew at half time the score stood—Runcorn 1, Barnton nil. Runcorn continued to press to the end, Blower at full back putting in some good kicks, and Richards working hard at centre half. Final score— Runcorn 3, Barnton 1.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SMALLPDX EPIDEMIC AT WARRINGTON.

In the House of Commons on Tuesday evening, Mr. Pierpoint asked the Under-Secretary to the Local Gov- ernment Board whether he had received any reports from the Medical Officer of Health for Warrington, stating the number of eases of smallpox which occurred during the late epidemic in Warrington, and giving the numbers of cases and deaths amongst properly vaccinated persons compared with those amongst non-vaccinated or imperfectly vaccinated persons and whether he would lay such reports upon the table. Sir Walter Foster said the Local Government Board had not yet received the reports of the Medical Officer of Health for Warrington as to the number of cases of smallpox which occurred during the late epidemic, and giving the number of cases among properly vaccinated persons compared with those among non-vaccinated or imperfectly-vaccinated persons. As he had previously stated, the Royal Commission on Vaccination was caus- ing an inquiry to be made as to the recent epidemic at Warrington. Mr. Pierpoint asked when the hon. gentleman expected to get the reports. Sir Walter Foster said he could not give any definite date, but probably in two or three months.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
COLLAPSE OF PARR. OLD HALL, ST. HELENS.

NARROW ESCAPE OF EIGHT PERSONS. Early on Saturday a orning a portion of the Old Hall, at Parr, St. Helens, which was erected in the 17th century, and was the oldest inhabited house in the district, collapsed, and Isaac Pope, a boiler maker, and Margaret, his wife, their six children, and John Gandy, a carpenter, who also lived in the house, had a narrow escape of being buried in the ruins. " Baine's History of Lancashire " states that early in the 16th century the estate belonged to Sir Thomas Parr, who was Master of the Wards and Comptroller to Henry VIII., and whose daugh- ter Catherine Parr became Queen to that Monarch. Tradition says that this Queen was born here, but history only goes to show that she was educated with her mother at Kendal Castle, where Sir Thomas had gone to assist in opposing the Scottish invasion. Be this as it may, the Old Parr Hall has an iateresting his- tory. From the Parr family it went into the Orrell family, and has been used as a mansion, grange, farm- house, schoolhouse, and for the last thirty years as tene- ments. The hall has been sub-divided into four houqes, one of which was occupied by Pope and his family. On Friday night they retired as usual, but about two o'clock a portion of the roof fell with a thundering noise. Pope and his wife and youngast child were sleeping down- stairs. Three boys were sleeping in the room over their heads, and John Gandy and another boy were in the great bedroom in the centre of the block. It was the roof of this latter room which had given way. Pope rushed upstairs to find his boy and Gandy uninjured. although the romn was wrecked. The inmates were all got out safely, and while the furniture was being re- moved another fall occurred, and the roof, front wall and windows were carried bodily into the cultivated field adjoining. Much damage was done. An inspec- tion of the place indicated that some of the old beams in roof had become rotten and honeycoro bed, and although the building had been tied up with iron rods they were insufficient. The portion in question ha tl recently un- dergone some repairs, the outer walls having been re- pointed. The PA rr :lan estate is now the property of the Rev. Father J. J. Lennan of Weld Bank, Chorley.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LOCAL VETO BILL. _- MR. GLADSTONE ON VESTED INTERESTS.

The Secretary of the Liberal and Radical Anti-Sunday Closing Union lately wrote to Mr. Gladstone, enclosing a copy of a resolution passed at a meeting of Liberal and Radical working-men, condemning certain clauses in the Liquor Traffic (Local Control) Bill, and urging the right hon. gentleman to use his influence with the Govern- mentlo induce them to re-consider their position respect- ing that measure. Mr. Gladstone has replied as fol- lows :

10, Downing-st., Whitehall. 28th March, 1893.

Sir,—l am desired by Mr. Gladstone to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 28th inst., with the ac- companying resolution, which shall receive due con- sideration on the part of the Government. With respect to the quotation contained in the latter part of your letter, Mr. Gladstone thinks that since the decision of the courts in the case of Sharpe v. Wakefield, few persons will con- tend that the license-holder has any interest in his license which can properly be described as a vested interest. He may still, however, have a claim to equitable con- sideration, and this the bill aims at giving him. Whether it is rightly given in favour, form, and amount Parliament will no doubt consider caref GEO. W. MURRAY. KAN'S COMPOUND Essence of Linseed, Aniseed, Senega, Squill, Tolu, &e., 90. 130., &C. Or all Chernisti.

Great dissatisfaction has been created in the engineer- ing branch of the navy by the order for all chief en- gineers to serve until they,are fifty-five years of age with no extra pay. The Admiralty have now decided to increase the number of chief engineers by thirty, pro- moting the additional officers yearly for three years. _

CTIL6IIO-LIN9EED Cough Lozenges, post free, Td. Of al Chemists. —Advt.

In the Chnncery Division, Justice Kelrewich has granted an injunction to Sandow, "The strong man," to restrain a person named Bloomfield from adopting his appellation or holding himself out as the genuine strong man. It was stated that the der,mdant had done this for a few days at Lincoln in June, 1892.

"ToRACCONISTS commencing" Illd.guide (3d.) TOBACCoNISTS OUTFITTING CO.-186, Euston-rd., London. Eat.lB66.—Adv

===== 0002601_18930401_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
SIX IN A PUNT.

A GOOD FRIDAY ON THE MERSEY.

BT LUNE BLUNT. In accordance with a mutual agreement Mc.illester had consented to awaken me at 6 a.m. on Good Friday morning. So at 7 a.m. punctually, he came and threw cinders at my bedroom window, and with characteristic activity,l was up and dress- ing by 7.30. I soon had breakfast, and having packed up two potato pies, a custard, some potted lobster, a novel, two' spoons, some tea, two comic papers, and some sugar, all in a basket, we started to meet the other four, at the boathouse near Wilderspool Causeway. They had promised to be there by eight, at the appointed rendezvous, and sure enough, when we got there, we didn't see them waiting impatiently for us. By half-past eight, however, they had all straggled up with eyes bulged out with recent sleep, and pockets bulged with provisions. It was a big four oared boat or the punt, we had commissioned, and we intended to row as far as Runcorn and come back on the 21 foot tide. It is the manner in which we so in- geniously didn't do this that will always fix that voyage on my mind as an instance of the sad and disastrous consequences which follow in the wake of a party of boatmen who can't row . Ah How sad those results were when I think of them ; re- sults which severed six friendships ; which turned the regard of six young men for each other from warm, tropical trusting sunbeams of fraternity, to chilly, silent, icebergs.

None of us could row ; but we were all attired in borrowed boating flannels with the exception of Gilbertson ; he wore a frock coat and a silk hat. We were pushed off, and then commenced the most colossal forgery upon four- oared rowing you could imagine. The oars splashed into the water some seconds after each other; spray was scattered over the subscriber,who was steering; on the sixth stroke Gouldton's oar slipped out of the rowlock and he fell on his back in the bottom of the boat ; and at the eighth stroke AlcAllester "caught a crab," and lost his oar. It took five minutes floundering about before the lost imple- ment was regained. Then McAllester, who is a powerful and stubborn Scot, began to pull his stroke oar in a most furious manner, at the rate of about 30 strokes to the minute. So that by the time we got opposite the brewery we succeeded in running aground on the bank. We started again; the morning was bright and fresh ; the sun had hung his golden rays on the budding tree boughs and spread them like a golden gauze upon the green grass of the meadows ; and the larks were piping cheerily away far up in the blue sky. So we all felt friendly and didn't do any- thing more than laugh at our own ramshakling way of getting the boat along. But AlcAllester seemed to have become imbued with the idea that he was going to row that craft himself, and so he kept up his furious style. For a minute or two his oar would go "Splash ! splash ! splutter-te-splash ! splash! splash !" in quick stliccession, and then he'd pull us right into the bank. No matter how we told him to "ease off Mac" he'd just have the boat try- ing to climb the bank on his side, every time. This was becoming so frequent that we got to telling him not to commence rowing, until the other three had pulled the boat to the opposite side of the ' river, so as to give them a chance. And he waited quietly until we got to the other side, and then he'd wade into that rowing again, and have us on the other side of the river before you could say "cooked clams" three times. By-and-by this became mono- tonous ; it was a matter of the three men pulling against the Scot and the boat making little head- way. Everytime we struck the bank on McAlles- ter's side, we didn't laugh any more, but swabbed perspiration from our faces and said things to our- selves that don't appear in Sunday School books. Presently ominous mutterings and grumblings were thrown at the sturdy stroke, and when he flared up indignantly and said he was doing all the work in the boat, there was a prospect of a mutiny. But by an ingenious scheme of mine we managed to regain our former tranquility, although the enthus- ism was decreasing as the Begs grew on the oara- mens' hands. The scheme was that the other man who rowed on McAllester's side should "back water" against him, whilst the other two pulled against him. This balanced matters nicely and we didn't run on the bank more than once, or may-be twice, in a couple of hundred yards.

in this manner we reached and passed the " ratch "opposite Monks, Hall and Cos. works, and then the difficulty of following the winding channel commenced. Three times we grounded on barely concealed sand banks; and three times we succeeded in getting back to the channel. But when the fourth time came we had struck a bank 12 feet wide, and covered with a foot of water. The channel ran the other side of it so we decided to get out and wade over the bank with the boat. All took off their shoes and stockings and in addi- tion Gilbertson took off his "condenser." Gilbert- son was pulling a rope at the bow; and conse- quently when we heard a loud splash, and saw the fancy " Gilly " glide away into the deep water, we knew that the rope must have broken. Indeed we knew it had, because it had gone with Gilbertson. ! In a moment we were in the boat and after him, McAllester doing the only redeeming thing of the voyage by dragging him out by the hair. The difficulty was now: How was our friend to get through the day in a suit of wet clothes. He wanted us to row him back home, but the matter was voted upon and all except Gilbertson were in favour of his pulling his clothes off and letting them dry in the boat. He pulled them off and spread them about. By and by he said he felt cold with nothing on but his dry silk hat; so we hauled out a sack and cut two lwles in the bottom and he arrayed himself in it. I can't make Out how it was; but whenever anyone of us looked at that figure sitting in the prow arrayed in a silk hat and a sae-, we had to laugh, and he carried on about it, and chewed words over to himself so much, that we had to stop looking at him. At length we came abreast of Fiddlers Ferry; we could hear the barrel organs, and see the roundabouts, and the crowds of trippers who resort there on that Holy Day. And Gilbertson insisted upon lying at the bottom of the boat until we had drifted by, and the tones of the barrel organs didn't reach us any more, and we generously let him do it. In less than a quarter of a mile we were on another bank. We were debating lazily as to how to get off when suddenly someone shouted : " Look look! My God, we are lost !"

Every eye turned in the direction of the pointed fingure, and every heart in that boat quailea at the sight indicated. Sweeping round the bend with a dull cruel roar, came a huge mass of water, six feet high ; it was swerling down upon up like a terrible monster, with all the speed of an engine. And it was only 200 yards away ! We could see it dash over sand banks, and leave them covered with six feet of swirling eddying water; we could see it snatch 1, heavy logs of wood off the banks and dash them before it as tho' they were straws. Some one must have suggested it, for in a minute we had all leaped out of the boat into the shallow water; lifted the craft with its head to the oncoming rush; leaped back and waited; waited with a suspense which was shadowed by the gloom of an imminent danger. People had left their skittles on the green and were watching us. Old boatmen were shouting advice to us. But we could not hear it and, if we had, were too much paralysed to have heeded it. It seemed like an hour waiting those few moments watching that roaring speeding avalanche of water, tearing over the sand banks, like a great monster, to take us to its embrace. It is a few yards away! Now it's right over us! It's descending—every face is pallid, I close my eyes in apprehension—there is a still short dreadful moment, then a bang, a quick upward motion of the boat, and by the time my eyes are opened we are swirling round and round in the terrific current which follows one of these tidal waves. Probably impelled by fear we rowed in some sort of dangerous fashion out of the current which would have taken us home—as it was taking dozens of other boats—to what is known as the slack water. A width of about six feet of water at each side of a broad river always remains quite still while a current is running down the main channel. This is the slack water, and we got into it. There was a depth of four inches of water in the boat, everything was topsy-turvy,and the provisions were contently floating about. Slowly and dejectedly we pulled in the direction of Fiddlers Ferry. I lent Gilbertson my jumper coat to cover his shoulders. We reached the Ferry. Hundreds of people were thronging about there. We covered unluckly Gil- berteon over with a tarpaulin except those parts of him covered by the jumper jacket and the silk hat. Then we all went ashore but him. By and by all but McAllester returned and to our horroi found that Gilbertson had vanished—gone sure enough.. Suddenly we heard a shout and loud laughter, and looking, saw a sight enough to knock us down. Gilbertson was followed by a crowd. His silk hat was squashed on to his head; he clutched

at his sack trousers to hold them up with one hand, and had a jug in the other; his bony chest and neck were bare and be was trying to reach us by a series of jumps, the sack not allowing enough freedom to his legs to enable him to run. He was the most grotesque and silliest looking in- dividual I ever beheld. When he reached the bank he paused and cast one will despairing glance at us, and then jumped—jumped slush into all the black thick mud, and sprawled about like a crab in a bucket of treacle. The surging crowd of onlookers absolutely howled again when we dragged that animated mud bank into the boat. But the next moment there was another shout; and in a trice McAllester, followed by a shower of misiles, leaped into the boat with a cocoanut. In breathless confusion we pushed into the stream, and in five minutes McAllester, had broken his oar. We drifted down to the Ferry Bend ; the tide was turning; the currents had met and we found ourselves pitched about by three feet , waves.

Rowing was out of the question, and so we sat in momentary fear of being capsized until we were drifted to the bank. It was three in the afternoon ; and crowds of boats that had sailed gracefully by us during th 3 day were at home now; and we thought of the task we had. We found out now that Gilbertson had got into the predicament re- lated very easily. He sat patiently for some time when we had gone, but suddenly seeing the jug some distance away and no one about, he ' stole quietly out of the boat to get the vessel so as 'so do some "bailing out." But he no sooner reached the utensil than lie was spied, and the scene follow- ed. AlcAllester had spent a shilling at an Aunt Sally stall, and winning nothing he rashly concluded that he was entitled to a cocoanut and took one. But he had to run for the boat too. These things weren't treated as jokes, for everyone realized that they with other things had ruined the day's enjoyment. I'll not go into details as to how we got hack. It was a weary, dreadful journey. Gilbertson was made to put on his half-dried trousers and row. Poor fellow! Every stroke he pulled made him groan, and when asked what was the matter—some one was civil enough to do it once—he merely looked distracted, and said, "The-sand-oh-OTT Its the SAND." It was acting in his paws like emery paper would!

When we reached Bank Quay the day was done; no sounds save the gurglinir water fell upon our ears ; the stars and the moon were sailing silently above. We were cold and hungry and uncivil, and felt like so many boobies. Every two or three minutes there would be a break cm our moody, morose feelings by a row ; the boat that was so full of eternal friendship-swearing in the morning was now filled with personal recriminations and water. That trip was a failure. We had to pay £1 for damage done to the boat and for the lost oar ; and those who had borrowed "flannels" had to replace them with new ones. We had covered ten miles of water in 13 hours. We never spoke to each other after settling for the boat; didn't even say "Good night."

===== 0002601_18930401_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

.... Secretaries of Football Clubs are requested to note that reports of matches played on Saturday must be sent to the head office, Bewsey-street. Warrington, not later than ten o'clock on Wednesday morning.

CRICKETERS should procure the 1893 Pocket Diary and Companion published by Geo. G. BUSSEY & CO. It is full of Information and has the requirements of an ordinary Di q.v. Lea her bound, gilt edges, post free 6d., from the Sports manufactory, Peckham Rye, London.

RUGBY. WARRINGTON v. WIDNES.

There was the usual large gate at Wilderspool on Saturday, to witness the return engagement between the above clnbs. The first match of the season, played a fortnight ago, ended in the unexpected victory of the Widnesians, and there was reason for that air of confi- dence which was prevalent amongst the ckemicals' sup- porters in the latest venture. Splendid weather favoured the match, and the gate was estimated at con- siderably above 6,000, of which nearly 1,000 had travelled with the visitors. Widnes played exactly the same team which carried them to victory in the first match, but Warrington were without Nevins, Donohue, and Webster. The homesters defended the pavilion goal, and

===== 0002601_18930401_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
Forster' s kick-off

having an advantage over Massey's reply, play was at first inside the home quarters. A free kick to the visitors was responded to by Evans. and the half-way line was crossed, whilst the position of the homesters was still further improved by Jolley, Higharn and Berry. Aldford grandly relieved, but some effective passing by the backs was supplemented by Jolley tackling Drum- mond. and Widnes compelled to the defensive. Barber was hurt for a few minutes in trying to stop a danger- ous rush, and on the resumption Jolley twice broke through, but in both instances there was that old eager- ness apparent, and glorious chances of scoring literally thrown away. Massey, from an essay, dropped at goal, and a minor was sent up. Evans and Heesom showed up on the drop-out, and Widnes were pressed on their lines, but as a result of tall kicking between Aldford, Barber (who had now returned) amd Massey, a hasty ex- cursion was paid to the home goal. It was left to Evans to clear the danger, and a free kick falling to the homesters' credit, a huge punt was well followed up by Jolley and Berry, and Forster saved in daring style. A Spell of stiff scrimmages, in which a laggard could not be seen, now occupied at- tention, and the monotony was at length relieved when the Bates, fleesom, Evans and Massey, passed neatly, the last-named being pushed into touch a few yards from the line. Ashton and Hampson made efforts to break through, but it was no-go, and another free kick to the visitors afforded them a slight relief. The home- sters would not be denied, and at this point were hav- ing matters pretty much their own way, the Bates claiming almost a monoply of the sphere. James Bate had a splendid chance after Brennan had a kick charged, but he preferred to bluff the Widnes custodian, with the result that the oval was knocked into touch. Hemp- son was again prominent in a line-out,and from a mark Fair. Turner had a shot at goal from half-way, the oval going outside. James Bate again gave his side the upper hand, whilst some good feotwork by Berry, Frank Turner, and Ashton created endless trouble to the Wid- nes custodian, whilst Boscow foiled any attempt to clear. Another display by the Bates, Evans, and Hee- sum was nullified by Drummond and Wright, whilst Gordon and Johnson changed the venue to half-way. The Warringtonians, however, were eager in the attack. and following another pretty display by the home backs, Wright, in attempting to relieve, kicked but poorly,and James Bate rushing between Aldford and Brennan Scored finely. Heesom was entrusted with the place, and landed a fine goal. Following the re-start, Drummond had a rare chance, after eluding the Bates, but he preferred to pass, and Massey and John Bate dribbled away, placing the oval at the Chemical quarters. So far Boscow had had but little to do, but a good kick be Brennan was well responded to by the home back, and the Bates again dis- playing accurate passing, Heesom and Evans passed and repassed, and a claim for a major point was overruled. Jolley dribbled to within a yard of the posts but Fleesom failing at a pass, another chance was missed. Brennan almost let in the homesters a moment later, but despite this, the Widnes forwards stood their ground manfully, and as a result of their endeavours they again caused play to rule at centre field. Berry was now too eager, and paid the peealty, but Fair Turner and Ashton led the homesters back to their original positions. Nothing daunted, the Widnesians forced their way back on the home lines, and Boscow being held near the posts, it looked certain that the visitors would score. However, Berry, Hampson, and Bandies led the homesters out of danger, and the Bates passing well, the interval was reached with the score of a goal and two minors in Warrington's favour. On resuming, exchanges between Clarke, Ald- ford, and Massey were followed by Evans making his mark. This player's effort was succeeded by another free kick, a too close attention by Wright of James Bate being productive of the Widnes goal being placed in peril. The Widnes forwards dribbled well, and Boscow was eventually reached, but he cleared splendidly, only to see the visitors return to the attack with renewed energy. Nevertheless, the custodian stood the test well, and Ashton gained considerable ground with a couple of kicks from lines-out. Aldford punted loftily to Heesom, and this player mulling, the visitors' looked certain scorers, but Boscow and John Bate luckily cleared. Fair Turner next got clear, and a splendid run half the length of the field landed the game on the Wid- nes lines, and twice appeals were made for legitimate points, Jolley apparently getting in from a long throw- out. Pretty passing by the Bates, Evans, and Heesom saw Massey failing to take a pass, and Clarke, Aldford, and Forster rushed down the open until near half-way, when Eleesom fielded well and dodged through his oppo- nents until well floored by Drummond. Evans took up the running, and almost got in, but Brennan was especially safe. Widnes now took advantage of mulling by the home backs, and for a lengthy period attacked. Boscow repeatedly made his mark under diffinulties,but relief was brought about by James Bate and Evans, the latter kicking and tackling Brennan close to his lines. The Widnes forwards asserted themselves, but the finish- ing stages of the game were fought well within the Widnes quarters, and the eed of a well fought game was a victory for Warrington by a goal and three minors to nil.

Teams : Warrington : Boscovv, back ; Massey. Evan., and Hee- som, three-quarter backs ; John Bate and James Bate, half-backs •, H. Ashton. Fair Turner, Frank 'turner, Jolley, Randles, Berry, Higham, Hampson. and Thorni- ley. forwards. Widnes : Brennan, hack ; Barber, Aldford, and Clarke, three-quarter backs ; Drummond and Wright, half-backs ; Whelan, Gordon, Forster, Johnson, Elogan, Ridgway, Fraser, Wynne, and Shaw, forwards.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN v. SALFORD.

This competition, which took place on Saturday after- noon, on the Irwell-lane enclosure, attracted a large crowd of spectators. The weather was all that could be desired, it being of a summerlike description. The fol- lowing were the teams :—Runcorn : S. Houghton, full back ;E. F. Morris, J. H. Crompton (captain), and T. Warder, three-quarter backs ; S. Abrahams, and J. Faulkner, half-backs ; A. Taylor, 0. Hughes, J. Davies, H. Farmer, W. Faulkner, T. Jordan, J. Langley, P. Riley, and H. Williams, forwards. Salford :A. G. Paul full back ; F. Miles (captain) A. Barratt, and J. Smith, three-quarter backs ;A. Ditchfield, and E. T. Henry, half backs ; T. Kent, T. King, J. Tewson, G. Cartwright F. Knowles, A. Knowles, S. Flaslam, J. Brierley, and T. Craven, forwards. Touch-line judges: Messrs. Sherlock (Runcorn), and Walmsley (Salford). Referee : Mr. P. Lodge (Broughton). J. Faulkner kicked off. As a result of long kicking between the opposing back players, the home team were forced hack to their 25 yards flag, and Miles sprinted across the ground but was unable to find an opening. Attempts at passing between the visi- tors were frustrated by good tackling on the part of Runcorn, and Houghtsm was cheered for some fine full- back play. Neat combined play between Smith, Bar- ratt, and Miles ended in the latter player drop- ping a goal for Salford. The kick off was quickly returned, and another attempt at goal by one of the visitors resulted in the ball going dead. After some tight scrimmaging,Crompton dropped at goal but missed the mark. Paul dropped out, Morris making a good run in reply, and sharp play by the Runcorn for- wards carried the ball over the Salford line, Paul being compelled to touch down. The home team continued to have the best of the matters, but Paul defended well, whilst Miles and Barratt made good but ineffectual at- tempts to force their opponents back to the centre. They were, however, unsuccessful and a series of scrim- mages tack place on the Salford goal. line, the latter be- ing lucky in escaping with a touch-in-goal. Half time was then called, with Salford leading by a dropped goal to Runcorn nil. Paul re-started, and Davies was quickly prominent with a fast run, but he finished with a pa.. 4 forward. From the scrimmage Morris got away, and when tackled passed the ball, which enabled Davies to score Runcorn's first try. Warder made a good but ineffectual attempt at goal. Salford had another spell of pressing, but Houghton was very safe, and a series of long kicks betweea him and Paul gave Runcorn a decided advantage in the matter of position. Quick passing by the Runcorn backs ended in Morris gaining the soconc: try for the home team, Hughes failing at goal. Passing between Crompton, J. Faulkner, and Morris resulted in the latter scoring Runcorn's third try, but Warder's place kick was again a failure. With only a few minutes to play Crompton scored a fourth try, and Warder kicked a goal, Runcorn finally winningbY ono goal and three tries to Salford one droppi d goil. Thus the game ended in the defeat of Salford by eleven points to four. The best team undoubtedly won,the fast, open play of the home forwards proving too much for the Salford icon. The Ronoorn hack division rere also quicker in taking advantage of any cpenings which; pre- sented themselves, and in the second half did most of the pressing, during which period the Salford goal line was successfully crossed four times. For Runcorn

===== 0002601_18930401_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS TRAMWAYS COMPANY. PROSPECTS OF EXTENSION. -

The half-yearly meeting of shareholders in the St. Helens and District Tramways Company was held on Wednesday at the Fleece Hotel, St. Helens. Councillor Joseph Massey presided. The directors' report which was taken as read, stated that a satis- factory service of cars had been maintained, by which the traffic receipts had been increased from £4,198 10s. 2d. t. £4,449 Bs. A dividend at the rate of five per cent, per annum was recommended to be paid on the preference shares and three per cent, per annum on the ordinary shares for the half-year. That would absorb the sum of £416 10s., carry- ing forward a balance of £693 17s. 6d. The Chairman said the balance-sheet showed a marked im- provement in traffic receipts and in their management and mode of working. Referring to the fact that the company had to pay £BOO per annum to the St. Helens Corporation for maintenance of tram roads in the borough, the Chairman said it was hoped the Corpora- tion would see its way to considerably reduce that amount. There had only been one claim for accident during eighteen months, and that (£1) was paid with- out going into litigation. There was a balance of £2.778 18s. 9d. due to the vendor, and a sum of £5OO for an engine. It was proposed to raise second mortgage debentures to cover this, and they would rank next to the first debentures. Their present debentures amounted to £15,000 and behind that they had a capital of preference shares of £6,535, and on or- dinary shares of £16,875. Altogether behind the deben- tures they had £23,400, and the directors considered that a first-class guarantee for the second debentures. They proposed the dividend of 3 per cent., thinking it would not be wise to put it higher at present.—The report was adopted.—Councillor Massey was re-elected a director ; and Messrs. Hammill and Marsh were appointed audi- tors.—A sum of £lOO was voted to the directors for ser- vices during the past twelve months.—The Chairman stated that Mr. A. P. Smith, of Manchester, had retired from the chairmanship, and Mr. Boothroyd, of South- port, who was a considerable shareholder and keen business man, had been elected to the directorate in his place.—ln reply to a vote of thanks to the Chairman, Mr. Massey said he hoped at the next meeting they would be able to pay 5 per cent. to the ordinary share- holders. The directors had under consideration the extension of the lines at Haydock and also to St. Helens Junction, but they could nothing until some capital had I been raised. The prospects of the company, however I were very good.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCOHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY 'BOWLING ASSOCIATION.

The sixth annual general meeting of the County Bowling association took place at the Midland Hotel, Withington, on Saturday evening, Mr. J. J. Meakin (Eersal), president, in the chair. There was a large attendance of delegates from affiliated districts, includ- ing Newton-le-Willows, Warrington, Wigan. Hindsford, Stretford, Chorlton, and Broughton. In the absence of Mr. Morecroft (Liverpool), the treasurer's report was read by the secretary, Mr. J. Singleton (Nesv ton-le- Willows). The balance sheet for the past year showed a surplus of £6 lb. 6d. on the seasom, the balance owing to the treasurer being reduced from £8 Ba. sd. at the close of 1891 to £1 15s. 11d, at the end of last year. The Chairman was re-elected president,Mr. J. W. G. Coombes senior vice-president, and Mr. John Gee (Wigan) junior vice-president. Messrs. Morecroft and Singleton were re-chosen treasurer and secretary. Mr. Fairclough (Newton-le-Willoyrs) moved that in future all contests should take place on a Saturday as the day of the week most convenient. Mr. Taberner (Wigan) on the other hand alleged tha!:Saturday was as inconvenient to some members as convenient to others, and others having expressed a like view it was decided to leave the matter in the hands of the Council. The draw for the first series of Lancashire ties was arranged to take place at the first Council meeting on the 15th of April. A War- rington representative moved that the first draw for ties be not taken in districts as hitherto, but the matter was referred to the Council for settlement. Application was made for the reinstatement of certain amateurs who had taken partici the Blackpool tournament, but it was left to be dealt with by the Executive. The following names were given in as district representatives : Withington, Mr. R. Williamson ; Wigan. Mr. Brindle ; Newton, Mr. Fairclough ; Warrington, Mr. E. Taylor ; Hindsford, Mr. Marshall ; Broughton, Mr. W. Fielding ; Chorlton-cum-Hardy, Mr. G. Lumb.

KAI'S COMPOUND, for Coughs and Co'ds. Asthma and Bronchitis are relieved by it, 91d. 131 d. So.—Advt.

Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Webb are busily engaged every morning on their " History of Trade Unionism." The work will be a monumental one, and will give the whole history of laheuir struggles, from the strike of the Jewish bricklayers in Egypt down to the present time.

COAGULINE.—Cement fer Broken Articles, 6.1. and is.; postage, 2d. tiold everywhere, home and abroad.—Advt.

I

LIBERAL UNIONIST DEMONSTRATION.

AT ST. HELENS.

-- A demonstration held jointly in connection witir the St. Helens Conservative Association and the SV... Helens Liberal Unionist Association was held 01; ab• Tuesday night, in the Town Hall in that boroll,, to protest against the Home Rule Bill. As the audience passed into the building they wereinyitea' to sign a petition in opposition to the Goverauleet'; measure, and this was very largely responded tl; Colonel Gamble, C. 8., president of the St. gels°, Liberal Unionist Association, presided, being Ire, ported by Mr. W. Ellison Macartney. Af-P" st. South Antrim, Mr. H. Seton-Karr, 31. P., for Helens. Mr. W. C. F. Anderson, of the Liber;., Unien Club, London; Col. R. Pilkington, p Helens, Col. W. W. Pilkington, J.P. ; Harrison, J.P., Dr. Gaskell, J.P., W. Gamble, J.r...A„ J. C. Gamble, Aid. J. liel'Bryde, Aid. C. J. Bisrbra. Councillors A. J. Foote, J. Massey, J. Hattori, E. son, F. J. Brown, J. Morgan, and S. Urrnson ; the W. Edmondson, the Rev. J. Leigh, Major Wilcoiaifc Captain J. H. Dickinson, Messrs. F. Faram, John A-IfYv., James Berry (Prescot), W. Hutchins (Prescot). R. Cook, J. Crooks, G. Welsoy, H. Wilkinson, Lomax, John Walker, W. Molyneux, P. Ball, F. 13retw".1.. ton, J. Loader, G. C. Whitfield, Joseph Birchall, ; Brewis, W. Holland Owen, J. 0. Swift, J. B9ydellwr2„ W. Webster ; Mr. George Bott, secretary of the L:ita Unionist Association ; and Mr. W. Lamb, Conserva` registration agent. Letters of apology were read from Mr. W. ri ton, J.P., D.L., Mr. W. L. Pilkington, J.P,, Pearson (Nowton7le-Willows), and Mr. W. Ricbaru (Rainford.) 'd tbe The Chairman, who was loudly cheered, sa,'„ersi trouble had come upon the country which the Unionists feared would come as soon as they Irla°'vt.e , Gladstone had, a majority of forty members in thel,l, of Commons. They had to face the existence of a b Hula Bill. Mr. Gladstone promised the Bill, and be fulfilled that promise. The bill had been read a 0, time. He (the chairman) did not know whether it _ a better or a worse bill than the one the council: under its feet seven years ago. It contained sonio terations as they all knew, but whether those alter" , were better er worse he did not know, but one tbiaf,ft, knew, and that was that they all believed and hope"o bill would not pass. (Cheers.) He 'was not eols:a enter into the points of the bill, as they had Irish ge'ol men present who would do that better than be Ott, They believed it would have a great tendency to sils Irish industries and drive away the capital ployed in manufactutes, and send the /manta England to increase our great populatien. (the Alderman R. Pilkington proposed—" Ma opinion of this meeting, the Home Rule Bill no Parliament is fraught with the gravest dange empire, threatens the peace of Ireland, and im commercial prosperity and in the interests of t hag classes of the whole kingdom. And this pledges itself to use every lawful effort to avert the sibility of the bill becoming law." Ile said i 0 question of party versus country; and the countrY to gq,to the was. The Home Rule Bill meant na bankruptcy, commercial ruin, and socially tlivilor (Cheers.) It was the latest and maddest Gladstonians, and transcended all their preidu— tempts. (Cheers.) Mr. IL Seton-Karr, M.P., who was loudly seconded the resolution. He said Mr. Olads displayed the bill in all its ghastly deform' country. The country had been asked to verdict, and he could guess what that verdict The 1886 bill was a dangerous aril revoluti *and the 1893 bill was as bad—it had all its fa few more thrown in. Mr. Macartney, M.P., said he could describe in a single sentence with absolute accuracy perfect truth. It was a bill which provid, absolute repeal of the Union, it was a complete thent of the Loyalists of Ireland, and, beyond was a bill which struck a deathblow at the lib the people of England. There was no half -seal the supremacy of the Imperial Parliament and separation and that was what the authors and f this miserable proposal had atlast brought them In conclusion, Mr. Macartney earnestly appal ' lishmen, upon whose shoulders rested the rear- they could not get rid of to maintain the Union, "old that a condition of affairs which now existed rit',°,3o maintained, and that the country should not he oe aloof over to civil war, a war which would be one of t.hoy dreadful anel most disastrous and most sangn'''fie dtp the wars that had taken place in that csuntrY. bon not appeal in any tone of despair. .1f the woratoddl the worst, they could rely upon themselves as in years gone by. (Cheers.) The resolution was carried with cheers. oietia; Mr. J. 0. Swift then proposed the second re,s4jro which was as follows :—"That this meeting, 104, record its unabated confidence in the Unionist li‘,•t,,ss and urges them to continue to offer a strenuous r,e,, to the proposals contained in the Home aUld Hill. tk Professor Anderson, of Sheffield, seconded, a hair resolution was also carried unanimously. Mr. Seton-Karr proposed a vote of thanks to th,e,cairl man, and gave credit to the Liberal Unionists fl'e lot" the Home Rule Bill of 1886 from becoming tb the country. Mr. J. J. Dutton seconded the riste of than, osa' referred to the firm and bold stand C donel Qa 110 against the 1886 bill. Colonel Gamble having replied, the nseeting ter.4 ' ted.

;aa

sn' 0;- 110'0.00 itioa I ieerS.) At ill

rS

rreTalc._

wistoto -nito would ionarl tUItS.

this and ,ed fora, abo that, d, lbertiog

Ito octig- led ;pOll9l A

tbe D'ef°l4 tlle o 4 OriV, 0.040110 10 111601 f 41P. • tlie at' red' cu—bov ne, it° I De. or ode, t° 005 ~,t• be°f °et: ,r,ploof ca°roter°fe. f 1 belie ,pF

===== 0002601_18930401_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
00'

TOWNSHIP MEETING AT larS' 000 The annual meeting of the rate a T 8 °,f,1111 °CII was held in Bethesda schoolroom. 3,4 r. senior overseer, was voted to the chair. • artic• i only a moderate attendance. Mr. J. li.". D'g.;Bl Mr. John Littler, were reappointed t° g-diefe accounts of the Burial Board. the • _ The following list of proper persons to siiirve,issrg•isg, of overseer to be returned to the justices i i•-",'''jitturc;cl mison, Samuel Taylor, Wm. Mellor , r Henry J. Grice, IL Rogerson, and Jaeles,frtd orY —On the motion of Mr. IV. Handley, J. R. Frith, and supported by Mr.S CO-f°o; unanimously resolved to memorializo the cil to make a more equal division of the t,°,"-oe4t,°,)tl Parliamentary purposes and County Couna“,, • ° purposes, by including in the Runcorn suut,•• utua )8;% that portion of Runcorn north lying On th°e 5i061114 south eastern side of the Bridgewater Canal au'il a 1 ici-t° Pool.—lt was decided to request the CountY iv u•tv) to soled for Runcorn North and Run rn e South memorial on tile IN e motion of Ir°.Knivetoo Dr. Gastaidi. Oa% 00 • Aet, The Chairman drew attention to the, 1„7"0- nare've' representation of Runcorn. on the Board of had been increased from five to seven, and .. '1,7 e,,l3'ct's; timony that the promptitude with WhiCil the :-rest ernment Board acted was due to the active i'),:be reit° Brunner M.P., had taken in the subject at " of the overseers. : .• The overseers statement of accounts readX Receipts balance to commence with, £1,24y canA; A 4,; rate at is. 61. in the £, £4.223 13s. 7.1.; Slop ficiency account, £BB 16s. Bd. ; sale of voters interest, £3 19s. ; dividend on costs 7d, tr" fekace 7s. 9d. The payments were: Justice Clerk's or, di 13s. ; office rent, salary, stationery an° " ,etets' boo' expenses, £307 us. 2d. ; reaistration ot S 110. ; Runcorn Burial Board, £l2o:' 11,Inill.c°10,1aeceDie Board, £1.050 : Board of Guardian 4. £•s•l°' ' fateitg ol hand, £832 ere Bd. ; total, £5,563 9d•l3' value in 1892 was £57,153, and in 1893 L53,„' ti•Y /Ittie an increase of £l,26o—The thanks of th° vim. far, te heartily aLcorded to Mr. Imison and gr. riolciateatioc admirable manner in which they had ne„,.) esied business of the, township, and it WiSh "rr the magistrates would make no clainge.

,a 0

, ________—•____—___--- SHOOKINi G lIIIIIDER AND SU-LOID ~odl A shocking affair is reportrci from Burnley". i Vie .0 of Eli Eastwood, a fish hawker, was dlizovered liesday in the canal ; and subsequently'ith at tnal Cog-lane a woman named bone•staffe w gi"Thia,Vl wood had lived, was found murdered', he throat a eal 0 been cut and her skull fractured. EistwoOd haorpeet, entiv committed the murder and then drowileClioa° in the canal, towards which he vvas see° vcra Wednesday morning. '

, 11l "18.4 Itaa t/let( ..lcie Vitt,

44ft, t4e,,

•

IVAItRINGTON.

N. Oil a is

hat ach •eat hen e is ove Leu- res.

SELI-NG "ROTTEN" FISH AT

A FREIGHT OF 868 BAD FLUKE.

eHELENS HW AKERi IN TROUBLE. rrington Borough Court, on Monday, (.32.",rtiwa Messrs. F. Monks and Wm. Pierpoint Edwin la te‘TeiKee',„l'easieY Cross, St. Helens, and Peter Marr, e e-"s'il-st St. II ,s were charged with being . Possession on the 16th inst of 868 fluke, weigh- ing lbs., and exposing them for side while in an ti'lat state. Mr. Arthur Browne in the absence of d !TOWII Clerk prosecuted, and Hr. Riley,St. Helens, air B tiet.. • rowne said that both defendants resided at St. 'Ils• In °rtrian • consequence of information which Mr. R. inspector ot nuisances, received on the after- -5 16th inst., he sent Inspector Powell to Bank ta47 in search of a fish cart. The Inspector found the !ea: and cart in Quay Fold, in charge of Clarke, who tinX crYing °tit fish at 2d. a pound, and Marr was taring a bell. On the cart were three casks partly a_txlw with fluke, finnon haddock, and herring. Inspector • ell examined the easks,and found the fluke unsound, 4ight"ite unfit for human food. The other fish was all take,: The names and addresses of the defendants were Tewuti and the fluke was also seized, and brought to the Hail. Dr. tiornall there examined them and de- eee,.r.it them to be quite unfit for food, and an rder was ak Ted from Mr. It. iiarnett, J. P., for their destruction. aatilat;:oeereeaweeh fisregh6.B flukp, this would render the defend- tap fiable to a fine 0i £17,360, as there is a penalty of The Health Committee of the War- eatL3,4„T°wri Council did not wish for a fine,but, would thia -at the defendants should be imprisoned, as 1401,;:ing should be put a stop to. Here was stuff tliej,."elY rotten corning from St. Helens, and he asked worships for the benefit of the public health of this lora te do something this towards putting a mop to is of thing a • ~°Ottara'l7 r.°`;vell, assistant inspector of nuisances for the. naa ;RS fir °I Warringto n gave details of the capture of and said the o:etendants told him that the fish laenbesan a„. A,el - P.ssed tl • t morning by an inspector at St. Ition • Soule of the fish were green, and there was a telt g stnell from the barrels. After the order for their Ll:notion was ob-ai ned , _the fish were burnt at Longford. kat kGrornall, mediaal officer of health for Warrington, %in "ite examined the flukes and found them to be small, /ea 4,,n4c1 'wasted, generally advanced in decomposition, tfor food. They must have been decomposing acopi:,'",,*o hours. He did not examine them micro- salecauy, as he dig not think it necessary from their InaPect peraoo °l' Norman declined to give the name of To ta.ve .%.010 sent the telegram from St. Helens. He also 4 ev 1,1 weldence of the condition of the fish, saying thats br.e soft arid all the rigidity was gone. 133, said that the fish in question were supplied 414 James Marr, a A holesale fish dealer,in St. Helens, litato• 'al been passed by Inspector Smirthwaite, the ina S L the alleged Offence as being fit for food. 114)°111h0118("keepera in Sankey Bridges had also bought 44'11;pf the fah and had found no fault with it. that es Marr, wholesale fish dealer, St. Helens, said barre°lB,,,e 16tii inst., he had a consignment of BiL 4til 413ailledut: fisli from Lowestoft. The barrels were ex- a.,4°lne af I Inspector Smirthwaite and declared geod,and ,s4arke me fish were afterwards sold to the defendant l'efore.o.llie fish were never taken into witness's house 4sh eaer were sold' and he had large consignments of day. Swift, 65 Harnar-st., St. Helens, and Richard Pod, Peasley Cross, each deposed to the fish being i• bf' mi ,Inspector rithwaite, inspector under the Act for St Helens said that he examined - ^as ase's" on the 'day in question and found none which Irllie ""t for food. Hs could not say whether the fish kik 'were seized were tile same fish. ‘B-11.twright, and Fanny Wright, both of Sankey tlefeZa, Stated til4t they bought some fluke off the it• rad „zits ou the 16th inst, and ate them. They ap- %lftt'Sr) 115*3 good, and witnesses had experienced no hum them. enelants were earth fined £2 103. and costs.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
-a. -4IiItINGTON BAPTISTS AND THE LOCAL VETO BILL.

gell,„ter the evening service at the Baptist Chapel, tiloettiarh:feriinrat-isit: on Sunday, the congregation ad- to the sehooftoom, where a meeting was port Purpose of sup passing a resolution in 13tsid '"e Blreet Veto Bill. Mr. Norman Balmford- thee td and spoke of the duty of the Churches On C.hutchelalPerance aidihriasdcbe,a to g question. He considered the e oteust question, f,„',„;l„`tutty,and urged that the temperance n the social People """arY raatters,the better housing of the 411ould' b nel all r, Churches.—Mr. Haley Taro e take, u-ipuel,stions of a social character BillP°aspedd a reoluttollsintiflaevour of the Direct Veto itlei th`eKostated that brettalt arked tll)at this question was not a - a haturai weasstiionntr.edlutcehat dasbenen„ ssneneetrn- the n. nconfortnist conscience,.' but he pointed out that tver°otoConforrnist conscience supported and advocated 44 31; hinv, that had an elevating and enobling tendency, iPet 0 asked whether such a conscience was a fit sub- tsrrdiCl.leatthe bands of Bung and Co. He urged l:fee--I,eting to do its duty on this and all other matters The g the moral aTio social condition of the people. D. W. Roberts (pastor) seconded the resolu- sti6,-,' and asked what the Warrington Temperance Feder- 41A-b.' 'fere doing. He expressed the conviction that t14„,-'ecieration were neglecting their duty, inasmuch as 4; Ulade no effort to educate the people on this ques- -11- Petitions against the Bill were in every public- hut what where the temperance people doing ae..4„',°ught the Bill did not go quite far enough, but he oa trod the principle of it, and believed if it were once tttki'e Statute Book it would lead to better things. The ti°ll was unanimously agreed to, and it was de- p;:a forward copies of it to the borough member, faiale Minister, and the Home Secretary. A petition tiaor of the Bill wa3 also numerously signed, and 'e for signature for a few days yet.

-.v44I)FITL DEATH OF A SAILOR AT SALTPORT. tlesdaV, afternoon Mr. J. E. Worsley, the -Ditirlter,held an inquest at the Weaver Hotel,Weston EMI " Michael John Moriarty, aged 20, of Tralee, ose body was found on Sunday morning 'altpo" "i ear at the mouth of the river Weaver,near_ I,rj,or.)s,,viratt.themdrihNizr„olcaaenned(imaessrs. Grundy, Kirshaw, s,nd, canal gist appeared behalf of the Manche' that the deceased Llnicah4!•ll. seamanponyboard the steamer Lady Kate, g`clte ng at alleport. He left the vessel shortly r -e reto o'clock on Siturday evening and went asho e. c-nal;lled in a public house until a, few minutes be- time, when he went to a fsiends house, ▪ e left at midnight with the intention of going .44Rw h shiP• To do so he had to walk along the it thaY which stretches from Weston Point to Saltpor , • , Weaver sluices and from the position whicht 'pktncl he would seem to have fallen to the bed p'rolc;nr'ver a distance of twenty feet. His neck was Itc)r Conflicting evidence was given as to the man's 1 000 witness contended that he was sober, „,11e itirl°ther that he was under the influence of drink. crie fop' turned an open verdict of" Found dead," netlaa stating that although the footing was onlya nd. '1 614 on one side it was perfectly satisfactory, e 'was attached to the Ship Canal Company. THE

LIBERATOR FRAUDS. ttlitt. Is ssEs AMOUNTING TO £7,000,000. fkiirtled bv"thlaossible to ascertain the extent of loss in- tll4 re oi ~t depositors and shareholders. through the to ttm 'He Balfour group of corn 1,,,,t1tt , erris are being wound up by orders Eight of ers of the penult :fttLG--en.%itit Liberator Building Society,and Investment the London the Rouse and L Building , Olor Land& Allotment Company, the Bu Party. J. W. Hobbs a il .., -'4'l 1" Corn and Co., G3orge ew. taik, and c k th 0.. and the Real Estates Company. In every li:4l'nglflc4ia,serious defiFiency,that of the Liberator tke,ftY alone being estimated. at £2,972,1308. al (4ttiaf Lit. as estimated by those who have in band i up of the companies n question, is. *1 n i 386,932 amount which may be increased 111 t-- uquidaticilapr oceedings conclude. ltall iet-a' of Henry Gr—anville Wright and George Z New. As co, tinn ection with the Liberator Society frauds ited -culdM day. O iit Both prisoners were con. ..tki and sc,ritnce dottl o twelve and five years penal servi- Nclt:v7ectivel flobbs, who has already been con- e, -as sentenced to twelve years penal servitude. _____•.___ Iht,,bl4,ars The Public Ana km jave COCOk is absolutely pore— The Close tests Nt tkhzt,euelliltil.toteli! ClAnonvu:dess '' it great value as a suPtalu jhe 0"i tiling bXesrrarge.--Advf• t";tobk ,11?',en and Prince t of Wales haveexpressed„omra n%eteiri "010 that the detachment of horse artillery 0 theiar arkl of cavalry from New South Wales boilit th now Ltiro ~- WaY to England to take part in the mayy -Nosat -e'it shall form part of the Royal escort when her lotlitbrooPens the Imperial Institute in May next. ere be a detachment of cavalry from India.

MEDICAL.

ItEvt,--------, A CARD. 1,14, I, kex'ier,ND.d 'xic°' is a l'e 4ift-n of oician rescription, as discovered in the hot table JoSEPII lIOLMES' improve- guaranteedCure to all those wh e errors and indiscretions 3'' fPore tions of youth, net vous I altee. th I t4p:l it 11%1312 21411 exhaustion, and early. tdieLay....To intro- win be Bo lit 07 4 nßland, the Mexicali 111,140p5, a?,Re• Upon receipt of ParesseTmapdFdsr,essed stamped Remedy Co., b 5 11Y address : JOSEPH HOL - on thls mapnesrlous,l Bloomsbury-square, London. tW.C.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
Y•

;T RATI°S

witlr nee tioa f and the St. vv„ held ell lat boroligh' 3111. As the A were i aritet. Goverallae° espeaded t'47" e St. lieleris 1, being selc MT, for S r the Libersit, :on, J.F., • Alderaliad, hie, J•F• • 3 J. Bis'hol) joho ttoa. E. 1. ison ; the Ileid 4 tjor in, John cot), 11. Ø• lkinson, er ill, F. Ere° •r, h O r B9vdell, 44.4 bey. of tho •fe Conserratl

r. .1•1! •, W. Richert.. id tiis mrecl. sa.„eral 'eh the 1,1'11., thoy 050 rain the P" d 1100 01 • 3 ill, and he ffst kn read a og whether it nut he couatrY„ritl, tamed sign-09 10:ce alterat. it one thiltir' I and hoPe, GO 3 not a°7tir ad Irish ge uld. than lie co up ?ney to Sll_,Uteur A pital Ilup populations (Cheere:i tbe That I'l,o Bill now b` dangers 6nd impera'orr sts of the sc,tilig d this 014,,0r o avert .thwe ros said it ntry he coll. _doll meant orthy , v ths eat freag 5 at' Jir previou d e, or a loudly cn 6lladstone tilS leformitY r !rd to reG.o d ,rdiet Woolooe, olationarV .038 ts faults. W 1 eseribe tWtP uracY anitor tSe ,rovided :odoS! nplete a beyond, t •(lf the libertw 'beg/ te 111-way f lt and sand fiiege' ; them to pp,,aied to.bnitt he resPonsn' d UniOi %id 171 :Listed sa° I not 7:0°,1 0,150 -e II 7. st dia mntry• c'OOOW., Le worst 13,51:10) ,ves as t

I. 0/001, mad TO •re ptin, e, derh Inioos ion minus res, hi], Bill:ad till •rided, 3 ,to • he nkg tOtgiri° e -mists ming tbe lcg, 31" a of than. 103" el Gambne leeting terlll

CO° f ,etS 11:0,1/' 55 ~,res 'tDit to e- tOe° .he 0,5, ee 144°r rd, hart' • ,ba" t fon, gr• •atnes„e4 DY 040 ;enonuior io drr 3, TO rf CO for CoU6' OP 1 le ,sccos ,oro be oeoooo IZla'sfcii:";3l n 01%0 061104 "Inariva.Cooo crit h to suel); °5l On 86'c tbe ths,t;-400 facte„ra # ,';: rci or Dole 7,re and 1,e0„1 :11th b,eres ess rid itntbe re 'adnAn.Jlal de; cana" stoP, _65 oters 5 tot 3 fet3,A „ce 61erle‘' undrY id sero oe of 1189rIt"r'4131ce?il ,flhe Ili bele' d• 415, were 5 try rbe the ves 'for Do eed to co,ducied to- Ls e%Pres

fJ)* Stf-1-`'' hog Tbe vered "r toe t 3 "-eta pith CV t bac/ id, throa ell od d " *rllo° t,cv° trowne Orig leen wa"

L

===== 0002601_18930401_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL.

FLOODING THE SALFORD DOCKS. Some interesting work is in progress at the Salford docks. Hitherto these docks have presented the appear- ance of simple oblong basins, shaped in granite, with walls rising to a clear height of over thirty feet. On Saturday began the process of filling in these empty spaces with river water. It was expected that by Wednesday morning the water would have a depth of twenty-four feet, which is within two feet of the ordi- nary water-line to be observed when the canal is com- pleted. The flooding to this level is merely to serve a temporary puipose, and when this is accomplished the water will be allowed to sink by some eight or ten feet. Meanwhile the docks will have the look which we shall grow familiar with at some future day. The picture, seen from Old 'Trafford or from the long wharf which has been built at Stretford, will be that of a great inland lake, and nearly all the masonry of the docks will be lost to sight. The immediate object which the engineers have in view is to float a couple of huge dredgers, which on Saturday lay high and dry on a timber platform— technically called a " grid "—in the docks. These vessels were in the first place constructed and put to- gether in the shipbuilding yard of Messrs. Fleming and Ferguson at Paisley. If they had been meant for the lower portion of the canal they would have put to sea— for, clumsy as they appear, they are capital sea-boats— and sailing up the Mersey would have entered the waterway by the locks at Eastham ; but having to do service at the Manchester end of the canal, it was ne- cessary to take them in pieces and send them overland from Paisley. For the past few months the work of riveting and painting has been in progress at the Salford docks. A hundred and more haritiners have been ringing the day through, altogether there has been noise and activity at the docks of a character to suggest a Clyde shipbuilding yard. The work being completed, the next task was to float the Irk and the Medlock —for so the dredgers are appropriately nained,—and that is the business which had been taken in hand. Between Mode Wheel and Salford the river rose steadily on Saturday afternoon at the rate of about four inches an hour. The Irk, which is the more complete of the two vessels, will pass through the locks at Mode Wheel and get to work between there and Barton. The dred- ger Medlock will remove the dam at Salford and accom- plish such other excavation as is required. It should be said that the dredgers have a complement of twelve steel barges. Each barge is constructed to carry twenty boxes with a capacity of four cubic yards each, into which the dredged material is received from the shoots of the dredger. When filled the barges are taken to an adjoining wharf. By means of a patent orane the steel boxes are there lifted out, and the ex- cavated stuff is tipped into waggons and run to spoil. This system has been in operation for some months at Ellesmere Port and Millbank. The barges are 106 feet long by 18 feet beam, with a draft when loaded of 4 feet 3m. They have been built by Messrs. Gilchrist and Co., of Liverpool. The dredgers which feed the barges ake capable of lifting 500 tons of ordinary material in the hour. Each vessel is 132 feet in length, 37 feet in breadth, and 10 feet in depth. The engines are 350 in- dicated horse-power. The system of dredging in the ap- proach channel to the Eastham locks is oi a different character to that described. Here the practice is to shoot the mataial lifted, whether it be semi-fluid silt or hard rock, into hopper barges. The barges are taken to sea beyond the Mersey Bar Lightship, and there they drop their leads. The Ship Canal Company have no less than ten dredges at work, the two of greatest capacity lifting 800 tons of ordinary material per hour. All are of the "bucket-ladder " type. The following catalogue of ad- ditional plant may not be without interest for ;ome readers :—Nine steam grabs ; two steam hoppers, each with a capacity of 600 tons, three of 350 tons, and two of 140 tons ; ten towing hoppers, varying from 185 to 400 tons ;18 steel barges, each with a capacity of 120 tons, and six of 60 tons ; 57 wood punts and barges ; 12 steam tugs ; 17 steam cranes ; 22 locomotives, and 550 side-tip waggons. -- In connection with Canal matters, it may be interest- ing to state that the various deviation lines recently passed into possession of the different railway com- panies. The Cheshire Lines Committee having used one of the lines for goods traffic for about a month, opened it on Sunday for passengers, altogether waiving their right to use it for six months for goods traffic only. The old Irlam station will not see any more trains, the last having passed through on Saturday night. A fine new station on the higher level has been opened. The action of the Cheshire Lines Committee will very considerably facilitate the work of the contractor and of the Company

A FLEET OF BARGES FOR THE CANAL. Last week there was successfully launched from the shipbuilding yard of the Manchester Ship Canal Co., at the Sprinch, Runcorn, the first of a fleet of flat-bottomed barges for use on the Ship Canal when that waterway is opened. The craft is 69 feet long, with a beam of 141 t. 2in. The ends are semi-circular, and the sides almost perpendicular, thus giving the barge great carrying capacity, and it is expected to take a cargo of a hundred tons. The stem and stern posts are fixed with fittings to enable a number of these barges to be coupled toge- ther in one rigid train,drawn by a steam tuv,and steered by the rudder on the end barge. The barge is con- structed of English oak with a wych elm bottom, the latter a very hard wood which will sink in water, and yet the craft when launched only had a draft of ten inches. When it is loaded, the boat will not draw more than four feet. The fleet will be utilized for discharging large ships, which find it convenient to stop in the lower portion of the Ship Canal,and expeditiously despatching their cargoes to their destination. By reason of the small depth of water they require, the barges will be able to traverse the Bridgewater Canal to Manchester and as far as Rochdale. The barges are being built from the designs of Mr. Frank Wiswall, engineer of the Bridgewater Canal, by the company's own men, under Mr. John Dykes, the foreman. , ADMIRAL RICHARDS ON THE PROGRESS OF THE CANAL.

The report for 1892 on the navigation of the Mersey, made by Admiral Sir G. H. Richards, the acting Conser- vator, to the Commissioners for the conservancy of the river has just been issbed. On the condition of the Manchester Ship Canal at the end of last year Admiral Richards writes as follows :—"Two large dredgers have been employed during the year in forming the channel to the Eastham hocks. This channel is at present being dredged to a depth o 16 feet below old dock sill. Other • dredgers have been employed in deepening the ap- proaches to the wharves which are being constructed for the Shropshire Union Company at Ellesmere Port. Dredging is also being carried on to enable jetties to be constructed near Ellesmere Port, alongside which the Manchester Shin Canal and Dry Docks Com- pany, Limited, are about to moor pontoons for the repair of vessels. None of the com- pleted embankments or other works in the estuary have sustained any injury from the gales of the past year. The slopes in the clay cutting near Pool Hall have been flattened, drained, and faced with rubble stone. Timber wharfing has been constructed on the canal near the river Weaver. A large amount of traffic has been carried on at this point, and from its advantageous position for loading Weaver salt it has been called Sattport. During the six months that port has been established, steamers and sailing vessels have discharged and loaded cargoes here from and to foreign ports and coastwise amounting to 103,957 tons. In addition to this trade, all the traffic for Ellesmere Port has passed up and down the Ship Canal, and also a large portion of the salt trade from the Weaver Navigation. The total amount of traffic carried over the opened portion of the canal (about eleven miles in length) during the past year, exclusive of dredging material, was 1,124,594 tons. The Ship Canal works between the river Weaver and the Old Quay basins above Runcorn Bridge have been pushed forward with vigour. The lock above Runcorn bridge is now completed. The leek opposite the Bridgewater locks is in a very forward state and the gates are being hung, while the large Weston Mersey Lock' (which will farm the approach from the Mersey to the Weaver docksi at Weston Point) is making good progress, and will, it is expected be com- pleted by the end of the year. The estuary embankment from the river Weaver to Runcorn is new cornpleted,and for the greater portion of its length the stone facing is finished. A large part of this section of the canal is fully excavated, and the remainder will shortly be completed. The underpinning of the Cheshire abutment of the Run- corn bridge to meet the requirements of the London and North-Western Railway Company is now in hand. The deep clay cutting between the Old Quay docks and Bandies Creek is completed. From this point to Man- chester the cuttings are finished, end in many cases filled with water. The railway deviations near Warrington , and Irlam are complete, and it is hoped that the whole I of the traffic will shortly be passed over these lines. This will enable the Ship Canal to be excavated through the existing lines. Out of a total length of canal of 35i miles only one mile of excavation now requires to be completed, mainly consisting of railway embankments. ' The late autumn floods brought down a large quantity of silt from the river diverSions and other points into the canal, which has necessitated a large additional amount of dredging. To meet this and taopbreoivnigdecofnogrtrfuuctuterde maintenance two large dredgers re on the canal at Manchester, and are expected to be com- pleted next month. All the locks and sluices on the ' canal between Warrington and Manchester are quite ' finished. The Manchester and Salford docks are also , completed."

KAY'S Tic PILLS, specific in Neuralgia. Face-ache. 9fd andl3ld. ; postage id. Of all Chemists. dot. A woman, about eight o'clock on Saturday morning, was seen wandering about near the Westminster Bridge for some time, and eventually threw herself into the river from the steamboat pier. Several persons who were standing near made ineffectual attempts at rescue, but the swiftly-flowing tide bore the body away. -

The Royal Laundresses say Critebley's " STARCH GLOSS ía unequalled for imparting a beautifnl finish to starched linen, &c., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr. —, Dorn wall. says - My wife will not finish our linen without your " Starch Gloss." From Mrs.—, Bradford "Dear sir,— /am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It 1110111 d be used in every house. Bold at Id., ad., and 6d.„by most sttrch sellers. If not in stock will procure It. T. Carrcluxy. BbAckburn. P:oprietor.—.Advt.

by 11-in., mounted.

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, APRIL I, 1-93.

_L

INIIM

===== 0002601_18930401_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
11111ATIS111. SORE T

===== 0002601_18930401_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ELLIMAN'S UNIV.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
BOAT FROM COLD. STIFFN

TION, is. lid. & 2s. 9d.

iliimidoll

===== 0002601_18930401_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
ERSAL EMBROCA

WARRINGTON.

VIOLIN, very rich tone, RUSSIAN COPY a ith BOW, Incas 3 complete, a genuine bargain. PH°, only 27.e Od

VERY FIER PAIR RUBY LUSTERS, 16 inches in height. under glass shades, double drops beauti- fully decorated, suitable for drawing r. om, only ... 27s 6d

FLOCK Bl S, the set csmplete, or special make clean and we! picked flocks, good size, well filled, only

CARPET, tapestry, good size, splendid pattern, suit- able for parlour or bedroom, quite new, never been worn, wonderful ye ue. The Bee Hive

BLANKET, large 617 e. wool cloth, second hand, a great bargain, the pair, at the Golden Bee Hive ... 98 11

CHEST OF DRAWERS, a very useful size for bed- room, light colour, well finished, the best material. Call and see them, you will purchase directly, only 176

AT THE GOLDEN BEEHIVE.

... ..... •14., ...... ........ ••• • - -.4:41K,', AN 11),• 14irrerstl,:r:1.01, •A,Dlatti°64g. - • - • • v•al _

GOLDEN BEE HIVE, 69 & 71, CHURCH STREET,

===== 0002601_18930401_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
FRANCIS MORTON

AND COMPANY LIMITED,

HAMILTON IRON WORKS,

GARSTON, near Liverpool. Invite Inquiries and Reference to their

===== 0002601_18930401_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW CATALOGUE.

FENCING

AND GATE DEPARTMENT. F. M. & Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE & IRON FENCES, now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad, is being continually Improved upon to meet extended requirements, and complete informa- tion is supplied on application.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILINGS

FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, etc.

ORNAMENTAL HIGH-CLASS

===== 0002601_18930401_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
GATES,

TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, Marisions, Villas &c.

STRONG FIELD GATES, FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS, &e.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
HURDLES NETTING

AND

TREE GUARDS. WIRE WORK.

I /%1' T_T C)T_T

BAR IRON FENCING,

Fitted with F. M. & Co's Self-Locking Joint.

LONDON OTFICE 17. VICTORIA .ST., Westminster, S.W.

A WONDERFUL MEDICINE,

BEECHAM'S 'PILLS

ARE universally admitted to be worth a Guinea a Box for Bilioas and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fullness and Swelling after Meals, Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings ot Heat, LOsa of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Scurvy and Blotches on the Skin, Dis- turbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb• ling Sensations, dc. The first dose will give relief in twenty minutes. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try one Boxor these Pills, and they will be acknowledged to be

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. n, For females of all ages these Pills are invaluable, as a ew doses of them carry off all humours, and bring about all that Is required. No female should be without them. There Is no Wts medicine to be found equal to Beecham's Pills for removing, any obstruction or irregularity of the system. If taken ac- — cording to the directions given with each box, they will soon::: restore females of all ages to sound and robust health. This "lenta has been proved by thousands who have tried them, and found al,tes the benefits which are ensured by their use. For a Weak Stomach, Impaired Digest:on. and all Disorder. of the Liver, they act like magic, and a few doses will be found to work wonders on the most important organs in the human, "'", machine. They strengthen the whole muscular system, Yl4 restore the long lost complexion, bring back the keen edge of +ter appetite, and arouse into action with the rosebud of health the whole physical energy of the human frame. These are FiCTB testified continually by members of all classes of society, and one of the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debilitated is, BEECHAM'S PILLS have the Large 4 Sale of an?" Patent Medicine in the norld.

BEECHAM'S MAGIC COUGH PILLS. As a remedy for Coughs in general, Asthma, Bronchi,. Affections, Hoarseness, Shortness of Breath, Tightness and Oppression of the Chest, Wheezing, Ac., these Pills stand on rivalled. They are the best ever offered to the public, and will , speedily remove that sense of oppression and difficulty of breathing which nightly deprive the patted of rest. Let any person give BEECHAM'S COUGH PILLS a trial, and the most violent Cough will in a short time be removed.

Prepared only, and Sold Wholesale and Retail, by the Pro prietor, Thomas Beecham, St. Helens, Lancashire, in Boxes 90., is. lid. and 2s. 9d. each.

Sold by all Druggists and Patent Medicine Dealers every where. - • - -

N.B.—.Fnll directions are given ath each box.

IMIT YOUR FAMILY hy a new invention, four stamps Li for sample.—G. ANDREW, 54, Perth-rd., London, N.

ARISTOTLB'S WORKS, with plates 352 pages, 30 stamps. "Paris by night, or Gay Life in Paris" ; Illustrated 30 etamos.—Poet free kl BOWICER, 27, Renshaw-et., Liverpool

EXCHANGE for for Stamped Envelope for part—i-e-lilars Mar- ried Lady has a most valuable harmless recipe ilbr ladies.—Mrs. BAYLEY, Broad-at., Nottingham.

ADIEB, Send Stamped Envelopes, wonderful New Zealand diseowry, Invaluable; simple Every Lady partleulars.—Mx, Examiner Office, Denton, Manchester.

HOW TO LIMIT YOUR PAM ILY.—WOMENE ONLY REAL PIiNVENTATIVIC—PerfeetIy harmless. Not a dangerous drug ; never known to fail. Specially commende4 by Satiation, PHYSICIANS. Full particulars ls. ItyraLuanLE TO LADIES.—M. Lawßznx,l3o, Duncomtmi-street,Sheffield.

To CONSUMPTIVES, or those subject te Bronchitis. 1 Asthma. Ac.—Advertiser, who has been completely cured, would willingly send particulars of the method of cure to sufferers, on receipt of stamped addressed envelope to BONA-FIDES. 117, Chancery-lane, London, W.C.

TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS for _L Females, quickly correct all irregularities, re,love all obstructions, and, relieve the distressing symptoms so preys, lent with the sex. Boxes ls• lid. and 2s. 9d, of all chemists sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker, IL T. TOWLE, Chemist Nottingham.

(ANE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is kJwar- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs, in either sex (acquired or constitutional). Gravel. and Pains in the back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold In Boxes, 418. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors, throughout the World ; or sent to any ad4ress for sixty stamps by the Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BARCLAY & Bon., London, and all the Wholesale Houses.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0104.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-p

===== 0002601_18930401_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
SILK BANN ERS. Send for free illustrated C ttalogue. SILK IaANNERS. GHOltall TUTILL, 83, City-road, London.

TRY

BURY'S

SNOWDRIFT CAKE FLOUR.

PADLOCK BRAND.

IT'S A MARVELt

SOLD BY

GROCERS EVERYWHERE.

tenet's to tin attor.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
A REMINDER.

Sir,—Would you allow nte to call the attention of our Town Council to the fact that one portion of the borough is much more favoured than another in having the streets watered every day. During the dry, dusty sea- son, the upoer portion 'of the Latchford ward only receives a very small sprinkling once a week that being friday. We pay rates the same as other parts of the borough and I think we ought to receive the same con- sideration.—Yours &c.,

===== 0002601_18930401_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
A RATEPAYER.

THE NEW LIBERALISM.

Sir,—l see that in your report of the debate on the above subject which appeared in your last issue, I am represented to have said that the policy enunciated by Mr. A. H. Crosfleld in his paper was " a rational and comprehensive policy which, if Mr. Crosfleld offered it to the Warrington constituency when he came before them as a Parliamentary candidate." I " would support with" my "own vote." This is only true with very considerable reservations. My leading reservations, so far as I can now recall them, were that the Conserva- tives should cease to pursue a progressive social policy, that Home Rule should be out of the way and that Mr. Crosfield should avow himself an Imperalist. And I was encouraged to make the declaration by noticing that he frankly expressed his disapproval of the Local Option Bill, and tacitly admitted that he was not in favour of disestablishment. His whole address was characterised by an independence of judgment, and an absence of mere party bias, which equally surprised and pleased me,and was in marked contrast to the usual deliverances of the latter-day Liberals with whom I have no manner of sympathy, and to whose policy I shall continue to offer all the opposition in my power.—l am, Acc., ARTHUR BENNETT. March 27th, 1893.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
-- BALDWIN v. CLOUGH.

Sir,—As there seems to be a widespread misconception as to our tenants, arising out of an answer by our Rhyl agent given to Mr. Justice Cave' during tho trial of this action at the recent Chester Assizes, we should be glad if you will give us an opportunity, denied by the judge to our representative, of explaining. The facts are briefly these. Baldwin became a tenant of our house, the Wynnstay Arms, Rhyl, on February Ist, 1892. He paid us £lO a year rent and we paid rates and gas. He left on August Bth, 1392. Clough then became our tenant at the same rental, we paying rates only. Contrary to our knowledge, Clough signed an agreement to pay Baldwin .£lOO for goodwill. This was the sum sued for by Baldwin. During the hearing of the case our agent in answer to the judge said, " There is no such thing as goodwill recognised by our firm." This is so in most cases, because we never make any ' charge to an incoming tenant ourselves nor receive pay- ments from outgoing tenants, and we do not believe in a tenant bolstering up a trade in a few months and then disposing of the business to his successor from whom he asks a heavy sum for so-called good-will. This is done in the interests of the tenants themselves, and to avoid disputes such as arose in this case. In this way we do not "recognise" goodwill. We discourage an incoming tenant from paying it, except in exceptional cases. As for the suggestion that any sum passing between incoming and outgoing tenants finds its way into our pockets we indignantly repudiate it, and can only regret that our representative, flurried no doubt by finding himself in the witness box, should have given answers which can bear any such interpretation.—Yours faith- fully, GREENALL, WHITLEY, & CO., LTD., Thomas J. Down. Director and Secretary. Warrington, March 28th, 1893.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT IS SALVATION?

•• If a son shall ask bread of any of you that is a lather, will ye give him a stone 9" Sir,—This appears to be an age of disillusion, an age of more or less rude awakening to the unreliability of lately cherished beliefs. Now such an awakening is not always pleasant to those so awakened. It may be salutary,but it is often painful to be rudely disillusionised of our pet beliefs. Whatever of error our belief may contain we love it, and hug it,—for is it not ours part of our very selves ?—and hence our abhorrence of the man who shows us the sawdust stuffing of our idolized bant- ling,and thus awakens us from our somnolent credulity to rub our eyes and blink at the sun of destructive cri- ticism. And this is a process which all thinkers who are worth their salt must go through, be the result what it may. Some prefer to bug their idols of credulity, however badly these may have been mauled and dis- ngured by criticism and comparison with facts. Others, more happy, abandon their idols when shamed of the truth. Your columns and those of your contemporaries, local and general, afford good examples of a third species who try to mix these methods—to hold with the hare and run with hounds. They try to reason and to believe ; each defending his own sectarian ideas. The reasoning,being usually in a vicious circle, they land where they started. The Baptist as a Baptist, the Methodist as a Methodist, and the Anglican as an Anglican—they all show the persistence of inherited belief. Men are, religiously regarded, subject to the law of heredity. They con- tinue to grow, in size if not in intelligence, where their fathers planted them, in ordered rows like cabbages. Now no man has the right to deny others the privilege of remaining in the faith of his fathers—if that is all he wants. But when he becomes aggressive and proclaims the utter damnation of everybody who does not accept his narrow creed, one may then, I think, with justice attempt to skow the merits of the other side. My objection to all your correspondents who attempt these discussions is that they never tell us what it is they are squabbling about. I ask Mr. Dignum for the bread of accurate information on this point and he has given us the stone of " Indian Missions." Now, setting aside the well known fact that these missions, like the mission to the Jews, is an enormous waste of good money and good men with a return of something not worth having, I would ask what is the message these missionaries are thus carrying to people better educated.very often, than themselves ? The elements of salvation? These are words. Kindly explain them. Tell us what salvation consists in, and how it became needful? I should be much pleased if Mr. Dignum, or Mr. Esmond, or anyone else, instead of ranging over such wide fields and getting EO much abroad, would give us the materials by which to judge as to the utility of their several contentions. And this all turns upon the ques- tion—What is salvation ?—I am, Sze. ISOS.

THE GRAPPENHALL VESTRY MEETING. Sir,—The prevailing opinion appears to be that the Easter Vestry is the great parochial council at which the parish business is investigated, and future action de- cided upon. This undoubtedly was the purpose of its origin. But what do we find in our rural districts? A 1 vestry meeting in name only ;not a tithe of the parishion- ers know anything about the parish business, and few of them care either. It is to be feared that this state of i things has been produced to a great extent by those who 219 responsible for parochial management. On Monday at the Vestry', a question WaS asked by myself' bearing on the financial business of the meet- ing. The Assistant Overseer .rhen appointed 12 months 1 ago, was appointed at a salary of about 2,311 per ' annum. In each of the half yearly accounts signed by the Overseers and Auditor, the amount shown was £lO, or £3B for the year. On the accounts being read over, the Chairman, Mr. Bradford, sen., without allowing any time for discussiontor even asking if there , was an amendment,put it to the Vestry that the accounts 1, be passed, which was accordingly done. My question ,was this: How in the accounts just presented, signed •by Overseers and Auditor, the assistant overseer was shown as receiving £3B for the year, when actually his salary was only about £3O. Mr. Oreenall, of Lymm. Clerk to the Dareshury Sessions, said I was out of order, in asking the question then, whereupon I replied that if

6

I was out of order, it was the duty of the Chairman to intorm me. lam afraid, Sir, that questions, especially when they cannot be readily answered, are very unwei- come in such places. It would seem that for some considerable time, the Assistant Overseer of this parish has been charged with receiving about £lO more as salary than he actually had. Whether he has had the handling of the money I do not know. But out of the £3B which he is shown as receiv- ing for his services, he pays, or there is paid, £5 per annum to the parish molecatcher, £3 for the out of poc- ket expenses of the Guardian,and some other items which brings the amount up to about £lO. Ido not say that I object to those sums being paid. but I do object to the form in which they are paid. If the payments are legal —and surely the Overseer and Auditor would not sanc- tion them unless they were ?—then let the accounts show how the sums have been actually spent. That the item is misleading, whether intentional or unintentional, there can be no doubt, and I shall consider it my duty to direct the Auditor's attention to the matter. What seemed like a big joke was made by Mr. Kaye, who moved that the office of parish constable be resus- citated, and that Mr. Joseph Fairhurst be appointed at the salary of £1 per year. The gentleman did not say, but probably he thinks, that as a parish we are becom- ing loose in our morals, and need a little extra looking after. I should suggest that the parish stocks should be put in order, for that too is an old institution. And could not Mr. Kaye fix on someone who for a trifle would be willing to become beadle of the Parish Church ? If old institutions are to be revived because of their being old,then let us go the whole length .But it is surely not too much to expect something different in the latter part of the 19th century, and amongst persons whose education . should lead them to seek the elevation of the masses, one would expect progressive measures,and not a going back to the old and darker time.—Yours,

S. H. JENKINS.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PROGRESS OF CHRISTIAN MISSIONS IN

INDIA.

Sir,—ln the "Wesleyan missionary notices " for this month, there is a paper by the Rev. W. H. Findlay on phases of mission work in South India." It is so pro- foundly suggestive, and expresses so admirably the real situation in that great field of Christian missions, that I avail myself of some of its remarks here by way of in- troduction. " Quality "says the writer" is of infinitely more importance than numbers in the present position of Christianity in India. In confining attention to the rate of numerical increase, the church at home is spend- ing needless anxiety upon a secondary matter. There is no more occasion to be anxious about the numerical advance of Christianity in India, than about the spread- ing of light when dawn has appeared in the East. That Christianity is the coming religion in India, is obvious now, not only to the vision of faith, but to the eye of ordinary intelligence and foresight. What has been seen 1 before in the history of our religion will be seen again in India ; it will run more risk from a too rapid, than from a too slow-paced progress. When once class move- ments to Christianity set in, and signs of the coming of that day may even now be seen—then, while those who measure everything by figures rejoice over" glorious accessions,"the wisest friends of our religion will tremble. The powers of evil that dwelt in the old paganisms of the Roman Empire sought vengeance on the Christianity that conquered them, by infecting it with their super- stitions and errors ; and so well did they succeed that three-fourths of Christendom is still sick of the disease. The seeds of infection in Hinduism are more active, virulent, and contagious than those that lingered in the dying Paganism of Rome ; the population of India is greater and more massed, and welded than were the populations of that Empire ; and the transformation from heathen to Christian will be affected in India in less than half the time that separated Christ from Con- stantine. When the rush and whelm of mass accessions begins, what is to save the Indian Church that is to be, from such grievous corruption as still pollutes the Greek and Roman communions 7" . . . . ..

_ . Now this passage whilst it seems almost to bend be- neath the weight of a most serious warning, conveys at the same time a very pungent rebuke to both hypochon- driacs and croakers. Mr. Findley refers to two import- ant agencies which may be employed to avert the disas- ter he particularly refers to in the passage quoted, namely the higher educational efforts now employed among the more thoughtful and influential classes, and the careful training and instruction of the present Christian churches in India. But I think we should not overlook the mighty agencies which have already been at work during a considerable part of the present cen- tury, namely the Bible, tracts, and other Christian literature which in hundreds of thousands have been poured broadcast from the native and foreign Press over the whole country. There was nothing parai.,l to this in the times Mr. Findlay relers to when the barbarous , tribes in Europe first embraced Christianity ;

no printed bibles, no tracts. no Ch ristiau literature deluging the lands, and acting as a foil to the superstitions and errors with which the powers of evil infected the earliest movements of Christianity in Europe Still there is great need for the most serious attention to Mr. Findlay's warning, and the means now in operation I conceive are a direct answer to it, and are at the same time an ample rebuke to those who are so ready to assert that our missions are making but little headway in India. For what are the facts ? In addition to the agencies NA named, there are the Protestant Mission Schools with over 299,000 pupils receiving an education in secular and Christian knowledge ; there are over 144,000 scholars in Sunday Schools devoted exclusively to bible instruction. There is the extraordinary work being carried on by the Zenana Mission among the women and girls of India. Some years ago this w.ork began among the English Baptists with two lady missionaries and half-a-dozen bible women, at two stations only ; now, in the report published last year of that one denomination, we read of " doors everywhere opened." and an earnest desire on the part of the woman in India to hear the gospel, of many who have been brought from darkness to light, of 22 stations, 54 lady missionaries, 160 bible women arid native teachers, with 64 girls schools numbering over 2,000 pupils. The women who are socially of a better class are immured in Zenanas, and it has been said that " the stronghold of Hinduism lies in these domestic prisons ; there the children receive their first impressions, there the ...ational life begins to take form ; it is there the mothers teach the first rudi- ments of idolatry to the rising generation, and weld its fetters on the infant limbs." Space will not permit me to refer to the various Educational Institutions of the higher class, such as the Missionary Colleges affiliated to to one or other of the Indian Universities. The Free

Church and the Established Church of Scotland are the leaders in this crusade against Brahmanism : with what success the higher education is telling upon this hoary superstition was instanced some years ago by a gentle- man returned from India, who stated that he put the question to a large audience of Hindus " how many of you educated Hindus believe in the Shastres ?" The answer of one man was "not one in a hundred," the answer of another who carried the assent of the meeting was, " not one in a thousand." (Mildraay Conference, p. 148). The total Christian population of India is not over two millions and a half. In 9 years, ending 1390, there had been an increase of 155,781 Protestant native christians or an average of 17,307 per annum. If we go back to 15 years ago, to the year 1877, the American Baptist, Sone Star Mission among the Telug,us affords us a most mar- vellous record ; for forty years their missionaries had laboured with scarcely anything to show for it, when in that year (1877) says the report " the pent up blessings of 40 years seemed to burst out at once into view, lilts a century plant, which absorbs sunshine and rain, and gives nothing back until the century is up, when it bursts forth in a beauty of foliage." In one day 2,222 were baptised ; in six weeks 6,730, and in ten months 10,000 ; the work had gone on to Mast, 1892, when a membership of between 30,000 and 40,000 was reported, the largest Christian Church it is said of any denomina- tion in the world." (The Baptist" Freeman "for May, 1892). Another great'American denomination—the Epil_ Methodists—seems to be'outstripping even the last named accessions. This mission which is labouring in the North-west provincies of India reports that " last year 19,000 converts were baptized, and so far from being over anxious for mere numerical accessions, it is stated that there were 40,000 others asking for admission into the church. Bishop Thoburn who has the oversight of that district declares that " the present outlook is the best since Carey's trumpet was sounded " So howful is he that' he will be surprised and disappointed if the ingathering of the next 8 years does not exceed that of the previous 92. These American followers of Wesley in British India maintain SO missionaries and 702 native ministers, the latter fact pointing without doubt to their marvellous success. Conversims have averaged about 800 monthly, and Bishop Thehurn efriec"s that the average monthly during 1893 will reach 2,000. Another eminent American missionary, Dr. Pentecost, affirms as the result of his observation "that the cleavage is going on everywhere in the rock of Hinduism—it is S'litting In all directions, and he believes that within the next 50 years the whole system will have collapsed." I might have greatly extended this review of .whit ho churches are doing in India—but suffidiept is here to 'stop the mouths or unfriendly critics. Apart from the evil wrought by the pernicious example of so-called cbristians—but who are nothing of the kind—the great enemies of missions in India are the sceptical agnostic, and atheistic systems imported from Europe and else- where. To these godless antagonisms, the speculative tendency of the Hindu mind, but tob readily attaches itself. But though the wheels of providence grind slowly there is an eternal power that makes for both truth and righteousness in this world of ours which will as assur- edly as to-morrow's sun rises subdue the opposition of all false science, false philosophy, and false religion, and establish the reign of Him whose authority shallow scoffers presume to set upon no higher level than that of Confucius or Buddha.—Yours, &c., JOHN DIGNUM. Penketh, 30th March, 1893.

iscopal

===== 0002601_18930401_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, APRIL 1, 1893. NOTES ON GAMES A..A.) i TOWNSHIP MEETINGS. THE WARRINGTON TECHNICAL Al 1-1 FETICS. INSTITUTE.

MOORE.

The annual township meeting was held at the Red Lion Hotel, on Friday evening, Mr. Peter Gleave in the chair. Messrs. H. Middleton and P. Gleave were nomi- ated overseers, Mr. J. L.Jones, Guardian of the poor and waywarden, and Messrs. G. Forster, W. Dunabin, and G. Dodd, burleymen.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
ORFORD.

The annual meeting of the ratepayers of Orford, con- tributing to the rates of the township of Warrington was held in the schools on Saturday evening. There were present Messrs. John Grounds, waywarden ; John Cann, Charles Grounds, J. L. Tunstall (collector), and E. Gibbon. The receipts for the year amounted to £345 las. Bd. ; the expenditure, £289 9s. 4d. ; and the balance in hand £5B 7s. 4d.—Mr. John Grounds was re-elected waywarden, and Mr. J. L. Tunstall collector.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
HOUGHTON.

The annual meeting of the township of Houghton, Itliddleton and Arburv, was held on Friday evening week, at the Plough Inn, Houghton Green. There were present Messrs. J. Howard and J. Stanier (overseers), J. Swinton ((uardian), G. Brimelow (assistant overseer),S. Walker and G. Darbyshire. The overseers' accounts for the past year were passed, and the following officials were nominated :—Messrs. J. Howard and J. Stanier, overseers ; Mr. Brimelow, assistant overseer ; Mr. J. Stanier, waywarden ; and the retiring burleymen, were also re-elected.

GRAPPENHALL. The annual meeting of the township of Grappenhall, was held on Monday night, Mr. Bradford in the chair. Messrs. A. Lister-Kaye and R. Boardman Were nomin- ated overseers ; Mr. S. J. Woodcock, assistant overseer; and Messrs. W. Davidson and Woodcock, assessors of taxes. The nomination last year of Mr. Thos. Saiith,as Guardian, was confirmed, and Messrs. R. Warburton and R. Boardman were re-appointed burleymen. It was de- cided to revive the office of parish constable, at £1 per year. Mr. J. J. Fairhurst was appointed, the sovereign being subscribed by the Chairman, Messrs. A. Lister- Kaye and H. Greenall. The accounts showed a balance at the beginning of the year cf £l5l 10s. 2d., and the balance at the present time of £125 10s. 4d.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
LATCHFORD.

The township meeting of the ratepayers of L'itchford was held at the Norton Arms on Monday morning, when there were present Mr. J. Lunt (in the chair), Councillors Shaw Green and Ashton, Messrs. Gillings, W. S. Haw- kins, Sampson, and Strange. The accounts which were read and adopted were as follows :—Receipts : balance against overseers, £515 43.1 d.; from rates £1,757 33.7 d.; other sources, £3l 14s. Bd. ; total £2,297 14s. Bd. Pay- merits :—Union Treasurer, £994 179.1 d. ; Rural Sanitary put horityTrea su rer,£l9 193 5d.; Borough Treasurer,£777 43. 4d. ; other payments, £ll3 83. 9d. ; balance againit overseers £39255. id. ; total, £2,297 14s. Bd. There was a balance of £430 to the credit of the overseers, but this was a reduction of close upon £lOO on the balance of last year. The rates levied during the year had been £1,750, and there had been expended £1,900. It was agreed that there was a likelihood of a still greater call being made upon the overseers during the coming year, and in face of this and the diminished balance, it was unanimously agreed that an extra rate of 2d. in the £ be lsvied for the first half year. This will bring the rate to is. 4d. in the £. Messrs. Lunt and Strange, the retir- ing overseers were re-elected for the ensuing year and thanked for their services during the past 12 months.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

The annual township meeting of Penketh was held in the Wesleyan schoolroom, last evening week, Mr. C. E. Parker, senior overseer, in the chair. The following gentlemen were recommended for appointment as over- seers :—Messrs. C. E. Parker, W. Ditchfield, and James Millington, and the names of Messrs. Aitkin, Boardman, Tetlow, E. Cross, S. Pusill, and Pownall were added in case of an emergency. Messrs. Tetlow and Seed were appointed burleymen. Mr. Millington was appointed waywarden. Votes of thanks were passed to Messrs. Routledge and Thorpe, the retiring overseers. The as- sistant overseer (Mr. J. Forster) submitted the accounts showing that the rates collected for the half year amounted to £378 9s. Bd., and the expenditure £378 The estimate for. the ensuing year was given at £4BO, the increase being due to the lighting and nightsoil con- tracts and the expenses entailed by the Rural Sanitary Authority in respect of the smallpox epidemic.—Mr. Millington explained the manner in which the question of widening the Widnes and Warrington-road, near Houghton's bridge, had been dealt with by the Highway Board.—lt was resolved that the overseers, waywarden. Messrs. Routledge and Garnett, and Dr. Murray meet Mr. Thompson (the surveyor of the Warrington District Highway Board) at the part of the road under consider- ation, for the purpose of conferring with him on the matter.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
CELEBRATION OF THE MARRIAGE OF

MR. R,. E. GAItNETT.

On Saturday last the employes of the various departments of Messrs. R. Garnett and Sons. of Warrington and Penketh, were entertained to a knife and fork tea and social gathering in the Wesleyan schoolroom, Penketh, to celebrate the wedding of Mr. Robert E. Garnett, son of Mr. Robert Garnett, of Hall Nook. Provision was made for 200 persons. The tables and room had been tastefully decorated for the occasion. On the walls were to be seen various mottos : " Welcome," and " Long life and happiness to the bride and bride- groom." Amongst those who were present may be mentioned the Rev. John Gunnell, (formerly Superin tendent of the Warrington Wesleyan Circuit), Mr. and Mrs. R. Garnett, Mr. and Mrs. David Garnett, Mr. and Mrs. Robert E.Garnett, Mr.Riley,of Leeds, (father of the bride) ; Mrs. Elides. Manchester; Mrs. Coop, Southport; Mrs. W. Garnett, Chester; Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Parker, Mr. Dreg, Miss Fanny Garnett, Miss Hylda Garnett, and Miss Moses, Hall Nook ; and M. and W. Barlow. After a thoroughly enjoyable tea Mr. WILLIAM C. NicaoLsom on behalf of the employis wished the bride and bridegroom long life and much happiness. It did not appear long since he remembered the bridegroom as a little child, and thence passing through all the stages of early life, but to-day he was grown up and prepared to take his place in all the varied responsibilities of life. Every man as he came to such a period had received two educations. One given to him and one gained by himself. The latter was by far tiit racist important, because in that education he had to work out certain elements, and in the development of these principles he was ready to take up life's work. (Applause.) Mr. C. BONER= and Mr. CARTWRIGLIT baying spoken also on behalf of the employes, Mr. R. E. GAnNErr, who was received with applause, expressed his thanks for the great kindness shown to him that day. He should like to be allowed in the name of his wife and himself to thank one and All, both at War- rington and Penketh works for the unexpected presents made to them. He highly valued those gifts although so many other beautiful presents had been made to them from other friends. At the same time the expression of their goodwill was far more valuable than any other present that could have been made to them. He trusted that the good feeling which now existed between employers and employed would long continue He wanted everyone in the employ cf the firm to know and feel that he took a kindly interest in their welfare. (Applause.) Mr. RILEY, the father of the bride in a few remarks said that whilst sorry to lose the daughter of the house, yet he was pleased to know that her home and future amongst them would be to the mutual happiness of all. Mr. ROBERT GARNETT also delivered a short address, in which he expressed a hope that the kindly relations to which reference had been made, would increase. In the days in which they lived there was too little of the feeling which ought to exist between those who employed and those who were employed, but he believed he saw signs of better days. He looked hopefully to the time when there should be a deeper, a stronger, and a closer union between what were called class and class. He endeavoured to feel as he went amongst his workmen that they 'were brethren. He did not,perhaps,at times manifest the most brotherly feeling, hut he tried to cultivate that good feeling, and to look upon all his people at the works as brethren, not as slaves, not exactly in the light of servants, but as persons who helped to keep the business together. Their interests were often said to be identical, and they were identical. Some tried to set one interest against another, and in some places they were opposed, but to the detri- ment of both. He expressed the pleasure it had afforded him to hear rl the settlement of the cotton strike. =Mr. Garnett concluded by observiog that if Sir John Lub- bock introduced a Bill into the House, for a bank holi- day once a month, he would support it, if he were a member of Parliament: (Applause.) The Rev. Joint Gl:einem. also spoke, and the speeches terminated. The remainder of the evening was spent in further rambles in the grounds of Mr. Garnett's resid- ence and in listening to vocal and instrumental music in the schoolroom. The proceedings being brought to a conclusion about half-past ten o'clock.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. BRENNER AND THE REFORM OF PROCEDURE.

When the house resumes after Easter,fdr. Brunner will ballot for a day in order to take the opinion of the house on a waste of time to which attention was at the opening of the session called in the columns of the " Daily News." He will propose the abolition of the practice of the Speaker asking, after leave has been given to bring in a bill. " Who is prepared to bring in this bill 2" ITo would also no away with the practice of members walking up to the table bringing in bills and reports, and he would give the Government the privi- lege of having their bills reads first time without de- bate,and printed without obtaining the special order of the house.

I:4ZIMP

===== 0002601_18930401_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

That incorrigible young man Of ours, the shrewd, the generous, P.D., is up the proverbial gum stick again. Unheedful of the lesson which his " ma " taught him the other week, he went speculating with his wages again on Saturday. He said he had a "dead snip "on with Widnes. He was so sure they were going to win again that he went to " Norton " and waited for the Warrington men at whom he shouted this, attuned In some wise to Chevaliers " Knocked em, &c."—" Hew moi dewntcher think yer fly ; but oh moi, ain't yer going to ketch it—ain't yer gewing to croi."

And of course his luck—his bad luck—didn't forsake him, and he lost his wages, and had the unfortunate pleasure of doing all the " croi " himself.

It was considered that the " gate" which witnessed .he match was about the largest of the season, and it was whispered to me that the takings would not be much ,ess than £lOO. This should cheer the hearts of our senior club, after the unfortunate losses which must have been caused by the postponements on account of the recent epidemic.

But let us get to the play—Hamlet said " The play's the—" What? Oh,no. of course it wasn't that kind of play. Anyhow, the play at Wilderspoot on Saturday, constituted an excellent game. It was an exceptionally keen competition in every respect, and although War- rington won by a goal, they were unable to exhibit very much general superiority over the visitors. It was all hard fighting. Widnes came with the intention of em- phasizing the verdict of the first game of the season ; and Warrington were equally determined to reverse it. It was a frequent and truthful observation that every inch of the ground had to be fought for, when one team gained ascendancy over the other. One thing which marked the play of Warrington was the fine discreet pas- sing. It was the best I have seen them put into vogue for a considerable time. There was, however, just a little bit of selfish play observant° amongst one or two individuals ; but then, what is man without ambition— whether it be ambition to score a try or to write the stuff that is attributed to that played-out instrument of the dilapidated comic writer's wit—the spring poet.

A few of the Widnes spectators were anxious to let people know they were about, when they saw their team I4ad lost the day. There were at least 30 female enthu- siasts of the game came from Widnes, which is a note- worthy point. And severAt of these enthusiasts could be heard criticising, in a " knowing " way the play of the respective teams.

Reverting to the match however, it is worthy of men- tion that Jolley and Higham distinguished themselves considerably as backs. The two Bates paid a strict attention to business ; Evans was" simply luscious "as centre, and " Surefoot " (Boscow) came out in grand contrast with Brennan, although he was " collared ' twice.

The Junior League teams are still plodding on expect- ant of that cup—not the cup of happiness—but the silver cup—offered by Mr. P. Davies. The Parish Church tram seem to be in for that silver ornament though ; they are leading the list, and on Saturday they met Latchford and beat them by a goal to a try. Garrity and Daniels showed up well for the winners,and Morgan Hughes, and Deakin carried off the " buttered scones," on the Latchford side.

The results if the other competition—not, the least though last—the Lancashire Cup Competition are thus :

For. Agst. Pld. Won. Lost. Drn. G.T. G.T. Pts. Swinton l3 9 ... 2 ... 2 ...15 28... 3 5 ...20 Salford Tyldesley Wigan l3 . 6 . 6 ... 1 ... 3 8 ... 69.. 13 St. Helens Recreation 14 ... 5 ... 6 ... 3 —ll 12...10 9 ...13 Oldham Warrington Broughton Rangers Rochdale Hornets Broughton l6 . 1 12. 3 . 4 4 ...13 33... 5

===== 0002601_18930401_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

Everton met Wolverhampton at Manchester, on Saturday, in the final and were knocked into a proverb- ial cocked hat. This however, has caused much " humpi- ness " amongst various individuals who have all turned on a torrent of abuse upon a simple minded mislead prophet, who writes for a Liverpool contemporary. Last week we dismissed the possibility of Everton being "spanked "and went so far as to suggest arrangements for "brass bands " and " triumphal arches," and suit- able music for" Conquering heroes," being made for the welcoming of the Everton boys, wh) according to him "were not going to sneak home by back streets, but bravely through the main thoroughfares." Well, Ever- ton were modest and didn't want that fuss making about them. The common proverb that has been used 'ln the matter is : " Don't count your chickens before they are hatched."

I am glad to hear that the Warrington Association Club is ping to enter the .medal competition and the difficulty arising from their connection with the Union has been amicably overcsme. The gate money which will be taken at the competitions will be devoted to charities, so I am told.

A week to-day it will be a matter of deciding, what will be the consequence of Greek meeting Greek, for then the Warrington Association Cricket Club are going to try conclusions with the St. Elphins team in the medal competition.

CYCLING.

Beautiful weather, plenty of dust, an abundance of fun, some lubrication, and a good "feed "at the Stam- ford Arms, attended the run of the Warrington Cycling Club to Bowdon on Saturday.

Something also happened, too. One of the clubmen was riding quietly along when two Manchester wheelers sped past. In a moment he bent his head over the handles and put on full speed after them. But he wasn't riding very long. In four minutes his head tried to knock a hole in a load of straw which was being carted along the road. And when he lifted his machine out of the ditch and got his bruises put right, he went home. Let US bops ho learned a lesson. But where was the much talked of restraining influence all time ? Echo—Where !

The Warrington wheelers were trying to banish dull care, last Monday night, when they held their last " smoker" at the Patten Arms Rotel. A splenlid vocal programme was submitted and let us hope the good at- tendance was not, as has been clandestinely suggested, the consequence of the tobacco being " free to all." There were several delegates from other clubs present. Amongst whom was B. Baker, of the " Cat" Holmes Chapel. He is one of the riders who once took a little trip of 140 miles in 12 hours,and on a solid tyre machine. But I heard that his machine wasn't even tired when he finished. Did someone say chestnuts ?

By the way T. Edge of Manchester ought to have pre- sided, but he didn't arrive. A splendid substitute was found in Mr. Kiernan, who made a very humourous speech relative to the possibility of the cyclist of England being called upon as a' fleet "army in the time of an invasion. What a grand thing this will be to protect Us from the fell vengenance of " blather- skiting " L'lstsr.

;,222

===== 0002601_18930401_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL PLACES OF ENTERTAINMENT.

EQUAL TREATMENT ASKED FOR.

At Warrington Borough Court, on Thurday, Mr. Acton applied for a special license for a musical entertainment in the Empire Theatre, on Good Friday. He promised that the entertainment should be as refined as possible. Alderman Sutton said it was a question whether they were justified in granting this application. It was not a usual thing. Mr. Acton mentioned the Royal Court Theatre's concert, but the Chief Constable said that the Royal Court Theatre people had no legal right to have any concert on that day. Alderman Sutton expressed an opinion that as far as ordinary entertainments were concerned, they ought to he omitted on Good Friday as Sunday. Mr. Acton said the Empire Theatre only wished tube placed on the same footing as other places. The Royal Court Theatre was allowed to have concerts on a Sunday. Alderman Sutton thought it was very unwise and im- proper proceeding to have entertainments such as were carried on in theatres on Good Fridays, and the inaeis-. trates had decided not to grant the license. Mr. Acton eskpfl if the Empire wonld be on an equal footing with the Royal Court Theatre, to vrhiela Alder- man Sutton replied that this decision had nothing to do with that place_ If the authorities of the Royal Court Theatre tend themselves open to any proceedings they must bear the consequences.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
BARMAIDS AND THEIR HOURS.

TnE NEW DEPARTURE AT BOLTON.

Mr. J. M‘Millan, assistant inspector of Stock pert, was on Tuesday, appointed inspector under the Fact( ry and Workshops Acts for Bolton. Part of his duties will be to see that young persons, barmaids included, aie not worked more than seventy-four hours per week. This is the first appointment of the kind made. Barmaids at some hotels in the town are said to work over a hundred hours weekly.

.1 ,115 PIA

TfrP

===== 0002601_18930401_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
EXHIBITION OF STUDENTS' WORK.

There was a private view of the art work of the students at the Technical Institute, on Thursday. The exhibition this year is held in two of the second storey rooms of the museum, an arrangement made to facilitate private work at the School of Art, but an arrangement also which we think scarcely allows the same effectiveness to the hanging of the work. The work as usual comprises executions of various kinds of grades much of which is to be sent to the , Science and Art Department as certificate work. ' The number of exhibits, however, seem to us to be considerably less than last year, in the department of painting. In the textile, light and shade, and geometrical drawing,and'cast designing departments there appears to be both an increase in work for certificates, and a noticeable advance in the quality of the work, and on every hand abound traces of higher attempts, concentrated study, and careful tuition. The exhibition is the first which bas taken place since the School of Art was transferred to the Corporation in May last, since which time there has been a great influx of elementary students into the school whose work cannot be expected to be ready for exhibition at present. Still, although there is a possible decrease in the exhibits there is an increase in the work done at the school.

. _ The most popular department for inspection is gener- ally that ot painting. The most conspicuous work amongst these hangings is an exceedingly clever copy of Herkomer's "Hard Thnes,"by Miss Chrimes. The filling in of the details of this have been carefully executed. whilst the peculiar expression of the weariness on the countenances of the characters, has been caught very ingeniously. From Miss Chrimes's brush there are seve- ral noteworthy productions. What appear ,to be her two most successful originals are MI paintings of female heads. The first one is a life-size head and shoulders, the view being from, the back,but the head being turned so as to present the whole of one side of the face. The model is a blonde, and Miss Chrimes has succeeded in infusing a skilful freedom in the treatment of her sub- ject, which is a decidiA pronouncement of her success as a portrait painter. Especially in the way in which she has suceeeded in limning the alabaster white of the lower part of the face with a light crimson colour of the cheek, has she displayed her skill. The other bead is I also an original of a smaller sire, being the fall face and I bust of a young girl. This has been much admired,as a faultlessly-executed picture ;: it is considered to be one of her best productions, There areseveral other exhibits from the same lady's brush, and there are, ton, a few black and white sketches-1n all her exhibits Miss Chrimes displays an advance upon even the excellent productions which were shown last year.. Next comes Miss Burgess with a great number of works of different grades. One a clever full face portrait from life, a good likeness of a well-known Warrington young lady. Miss Burgess also shows a painting of an orchard which took a prize in the Sketching Club exhibits. The same artist is also ex- hibiting four very excellent originals, the subjects of which are rural cottages, filled in with cleverly treated rustic details. Miss Kerry has some praiseworthy studies from life in monochrome, and some still life studies exe- cuted as certificate work, She also has a clever water . . . _

colour painting of the interior of Grappenhall church, and one of the exterior of the same edifice, besides some &Torts at bird life. Miss Cooper has been busy in execut- ing certificate work in the still life group, one of her productions is a painting of a mandoline, with prettily coloured ribbons, and it is an admirably finished piece of work. She had also a cleverly treated original of a vase with ears of oats of wheat, the execution of which displayed much freedom of arrangement. There are some pretty landscape exhibits from the brush of Miss Broadbent, who has also a somewhat sombre painting of a corner of the Parish Church. The same student has a study of equine life which is rather lacking in light and shade. There are two finely executed hangings of poko-work by Miss F. Garnett. Miss Kate Brundrett has several exhibits. comprising landscape views and still life studies. Amongst the productions of Miss Spink's is a painting of a dessert table, under the rays of a table lamp. This had been cleverly executed in every way with the exception of the arrangement of de- tails, among which there seemed to be rather unneces- sarily included a saltcellar. There is a capital black and white study of smews by the Rev. A. Moore. Some praiseworthy certificate work by Miss Plinstone, and some excellent studies of • still life by Miss Jeans, Miss Shaw Green, Miss- F. Birtles, and Miss M. Hatton. We are glad to see a large number of water colours from Mr. Oswald Garside. They embrace various subjects including local landscapes sand studies of heads from life. The execution of these shows con- siderable abilty and give promise of better things from the artist. Mr. Stanley Pierpoint, assistant master, also exhibits a number of sabjects, amongst which is one that has been accepted for certificate by the Art Depart- ment. Mr. Millard and Mt. .T. I. Williamson have also some excellent exhibits. Amongst the productions in cast there were exhibits from Messrs. Millard, Stanley, Pierpoint, 0. Garside, Dainteth, Miss Kerry, Miss Lees, and Miss Apnleton. Some of the exhibits of Mr.Garside and Mr. Pierpoint have had the honour of being exhi- bited at the National Competition. Mr. H. Woodier has also a number of works on view that have been honoured at the National Competition. There is certificate work in drawing from Messrs. J. Millard, Dainteth, A. High:4p, Garside, S. Pierpoint, and Eyre, Miss Appleton, Miss Plinstone, Miss M. Longdin, Miss Birtles, Miss Kerry, Miss Cooper. There is also a considerable amount of textile work, and historic work, from various students exhibited for certificates ; and textile designs that have been accepted at the National Competition executed by Mr. Dooley. The public view of the exhibition opens to-day and will be continued till next Thursday. The exhibition will be open from 10, a.m. to CP p.m. each day. Ad- mission free.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOCKING ASSAULTS AT WIDNES.

At Widnes Petty Sessions on Thursday, before Mr. 11. Gaskell, jun., and Lieut.-Colonel Gaskell, Margaret Boyle, a married woman, of Pleasant-st., was brought up on remand charged with unlaw- fully wounding a man named Thomas Dice. Dice and his wife called in the Derby Arms on Saturday afternoon, when the prisoner paid for a glass of beer for a young girl. Mrs. Dice remonstrated with her for giving a little girl beer, and the prisoner threw the contents of a glass in her face. Dice spoke to her about bet conduct, whereupon she threw the glass in his face cutting him severely.—Dr. Butchinson deposed that there were several.cuts one above theleft eye, which had bled profusely, being a serious wound.—The prisoner was committed to the Quarter Sessions for trial. . _

Patrick Sewall, of D-ock-st., was charged with unlaw- fully wounding his sister Ellen Newel by stabbing her. At dinner on Sunday the prisoner asked his sister to give a girl named Gordon some dinner. She replied that she had no food to spare; it took her all her time to find food for him, whereupon the prisoner took up a knife from the table and stabbed her in the arm. He after- wards kicked her.—Dr. O'Weeffe said the wound pene- trated to the bone, but it was Not very dangerous.—The prisoner was committed to Liverpool Quarter Sessions for trial.

Thomas Cruise, a young raan of Marsh-st., was charged with committing art indecent assault upon Ellen Wailing, an old woman 70, years of age. The persons lodged at 2, Marsh-st., and an Saturday night screams were heard issuing from one of the bedrooms. Mrs. l'alsh, the landtady, went there and found the door secured but she forced her way in, and found the pri- soner and the old woman there.—The prisoner was act- ing indecently towards her.—The prisoner was com- mitted to the Quarter Sessions for trial. The magistrates sat from 11 am. to 7.30 p.m., eight hours and a half. The three cases given above occupied the greater portion of this time.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED MURDEROUS ASSAULT ON A MOTHER AT WIDNES.

On Wednesday afternoon,at Widnes Police Court. before Mr. Deacon, a lad named James Allender, 15 years of age, residing at 90, Dozk-street, was placed in the dock charged with having Unlawfully wounded his mother on Tuesday afternoon.

Superintendent: Keighlev said it appeared that pri- soner and and his mother had a few words together on Tuesday morning about prisoner not having looked for work and for wearing his brother's boots. His mother turned him out and fastened the back door, but he came into the house the front way, and commenced to throw pieces of brick, stones, and -a saucer at his mother, and inflicted very serious wounds. B.S. Strickland reported that from what the last witness told him he went to prisoner's home about one o'clock On Tuesday afternoon. and found Mrs. Allender sitting on a sofa. Her face and head were bleeding very much. Ile noticed there were cuts on her face and nose, which he bandaged and dressed, but as he considered the injured woman was in a dangerous condition he sent for a doctor. The Sergeant apprehended prisoner at nine o'clock the same evening, and charged him with wounding his mother by striking her with bricks and a saucer, when he replied" She went to lift up the poker to hit me with it before I threw the saucer at her." Dr. W. Hutchinson stated that he had examined the injured woman, and found four wounds on the face, one above the nose a very serious one and penetrating to the bone nearly an inch and a quarter in length. There was another wound the same length on the bridge of the nose; the other two were smaller wounds. He took several pieces of a saucer from two of the wounds. Bricks would be likely to cause the others, but considerable force must have been used. It would be a week before she could attend the court. Superintendent Xeighley applied for a remand for eight days, which was granted.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
DEMOLITION OF A GLASS WORKS.

On Tuesday, Mr. T. Sutton sold by auction the bricks of the old glass bottle works, which belonged to the late Mr. Richard Cartwright, an eye-Mayor of Warrington,as it is intended to demolish the greater part of the buildings. The old brick cone, which is over 100 years old, and muA contain thousands of bricks, realised.£69. There is an old painting in the Warrington Museum which represents a river scene at Bank Quay in the last century, with green fields and gardens leading up from the river banks,and on the picture is a representation of the cone about to be demolished and also another which was taken down some years ago. There are to be some great alterations in Factory-yard after the works are pulled down. Factory-lane is to be widened to double its present width, and the road leading to it from Liverpool-road is also to be widened. It is rumoured that after the railway alterations have been completed Thynne-st. will be continued under the railway past Messrs. Robinson and Skinner's glass works to join the widened Factory-lane. In that ease, the present sub-way under the railway at Bonk Quay Station will be stopped.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
ON RASTER SATURDAY

GRAND DAY PERFORMANCE AT 2-30, FOR PARTICULARS SER SEPARATE ANNOUNCEMIINTS.

===== 0002601_18930401_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
HOSPITAL SUNDAY COLLECTIONS.

A. J. Jolley, hon. sec., writes :—The follow- ing have been received by either the lion, treasurer or myself : As per last week's list £l6B 2 4 Warrington Parish Church 2l 1 T Bewsey-road Wesleyan Chapel 6 16 5 Whitley Wesleyan Chapel 0 15 6 Bank-street Mission

Z 197 4 11

WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL.

The monthly meeting of this Council will be held" on Tuesday evening next for the transaction of the usual business. The matters to be considered in- clude the following :

THE COMMITTEES' ESTIMATES. The folbwing estimates of expenditure by various committee for the year commencing 26th March, 1893, will be submitted for approval :—Finance Committee. £2,916 10s.; Health Committee £3,278 ; Sanitary Com- mittee, £4070 ; Museum, L., Committee, £634 ; Markets Committee, £1,669 4s. ; Finance Committee, £.5,122 is. 2d.

Mar

TENDERS ACCEPTED, The following tenders are recommended for accept- ance by the Committee's named :—Health Committee: Of Mr. F. Pierpoint for the supply of provender for the six months commencing 26th March, instant. Sanitary Committee: Of Mr. Thomas Pilkington, to supply men and horses for 12 months,. from the 25th March next, at Ts. per man and horse per day, or is. Id per ton. Pav- ing and Sewerage Committee : Of the Warrington Slate Company Limited, to supply 6,000 Woe wire-cut bricks at 48s. f3d. per 1,000, delivered at Howley Yard ; and of Mr. James Newton to supply horses and drivers at 16s. 9d. per day, per man and horse, for 12 months. Town Hail, Park and Baths Committee: Of Mr. Peers Iltimelow to supply a boiler tank, lift, by 4ft. at £7los. and of Mr. Thomas Locker to cover the aviary top with galvanized wire netting, at £8 ss. Gas Committee : Of Messrs. Westwood aud Wrights, of Brierley Hill, to re- pair No. 4 Gas Helder according to specification at £1,048; of Cross Tetley, and Co.' Limited, to supply 1,000 tons of Cannel, delivered at Longford Works ; and of the Stanton Iron Works Co., Limited for the supply of cast-iron gas pipes and castings.

NEW POLICE QUARTERS WAN7EM The Watch Committee give the following extract from the report of H.M. Inspector (Sir Herbert Croft, Bart.), of Northern District England, for year 1892 : " Thenells and police offices were clean and in good order, but are still inadequate for the increasing require- ments of the Force, and it is high time to provide new quarters altogether." PLANS OF NEW BUILDINGS. The Street Improvement,&c., Committee recommends that the plans of the followings; &c., be approved : Five houses and shop in Sharp-st. for Messrs. Lightfoot and Hill ;.intended new streets near Fairfield Hall for Messrs..J. White. Maclver, and Co.; 18.cotta.ns in New st., behind Wellfield-st. for Mr. Joseph Tyldesley ; new streets off Padgate-lane for Mr. W. J. Shaw ; six houses in Ellesmere-st. for Mr. W. Adams : new streets between Thelwall-lane and Xnutsford-rd for Messrs. J. White, Maclver and Co. ; Iron Church in Ellesmere-st. for Mr. J. B. Dean and others. THE WIDENING OF Tllk STREETS.-THE LAUGH PURCHISERS

===== 0002601_18930401_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
OF PROPIIRTF.

The General Purposes Committee passed the following resolution :—" That in the opinion of the Committee the widening of tle.e four principal streets-of the borough should be proceeded with." The same committee re- commended that the action of the Committee in pur- chasing at the sale last week for Mr. George Dakin, and various blocks of property for a total sum of £25,020 be approved. It also has resolved :—" That the special committee appointed to negotiate for the purchase of property consider and report upon the letting of the above premises."

===== 0002601_18930401_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RATES.

The General Purposes Committee recommends that calls be made on the overseers of the townships of War- rington and Latchford, on borough rate account, for the above-mentioned sum of £9.534 83. 4d., payable by two half-yearly instalments ; that an improvement rate of 4t. in the £ be laid for the year commencing 26th March, 1893; and that a sewer rate be made at 2d. in the L. It may be noted that the total estimate of eX- ilpenditure of the Corporation during the list four or 6_ll years has been as follows :-1889 £25,626 us. 10d. 1890. £24,846 IS 4d. •, 1891. £29,727 17s. 3d. ; 1892, £30,187. 6d.; 1893, £38,109 IE4..1111:

I

I 1

I

===== 0002601_18930401_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTION. OF MOTION.

Councillor R. T. FATRCLOTJGFI7I;.;given notice that he will move "That the following resolution, passed by the Council at a meeting held an the sth April, 1587, be rescinded, viz. :—" That all Committees of this Council shall be required for. the future to procure the whole of their requirements, whether for materials to be supplied or labour to be performed, or both, by tender, and that whenever the same shall involve an empenditure of £2O and upwards, tenders he publicly advertised for and that every accepted tender shall be published wAi the minutes of the Committee connected" therewith, Oen- ther with the price and the name af the successfe. firm."

....Ordinary notices of Births, Marriage.,. and Deaths. serted free of charge. Marriages or Deaths with theli-00 "No Cards," or any addition to the Registrar's nr_r All notice, are charged One Shilling and Sixpence, if prePai'" , announcements on credit, Two Shillings and SixPenee";o2ol such announcements must be authenticated by tb° and address of sender.

BIRTH. tbs STEVENSON,—March 28th, at 8, St. Mary's-st.. wife of of Mr. George Stevenscri, of a daughter. MARRIAGE. Wit Bacimotrsz—GEN—Maroh2slll, at the Parish Phoreh. to se riogton. by the Rev. T. W. Cook, William Boathou Emily Gee.

DEATHS. got JONES.—March 25th, at 45, Wakefield-st.,, Annie Jones' 5 44 years. LOWDEN WEra.s.—March 27th. at 2, Pee rs Court. Lowden Wells, Wells, aged 66 ye+rs. tivitoll. LAWTON.—Marcti 27th, at 5, Roger-st., George aged 8 years. chub. SECUTT.—March 27th, 33, Catheriae-st., Gertrude aged 16 years. _.. lee. LEE.—MarCh 28th, of 171, Orford-lane, George WO0'" aged 11 years. _........_...---."

MEMORIAT., CARDS, ~,1-103TS CIRCULARS, BILLIIEADS, MENIORANDUMS• +•—„-kixds executed with neatness and despatch by Jogx Handbills, Window Bills, Posters, and printing of 5'6-00 S• the Borough Press 34, Bridge-etreet,

THE ~. TKU MANCHESTER TAILORING & CLOrli— D EPOT, 13 and 10 HO RSEMARKET-STEEET. WARRINGTON, MAKES of CLOTHS for MOURNING WEARE SHOWING the LARGEST RANGES of all _ns. AR in VVOltStio, SERGE, VIENNAS, LLAMA and HOPSAC. SUITS READY MADE OR TO MEASURE at short lilc'tjee' for MEN, YOUTHS and BOYS SIZES. Well loads 0' i thoroughly reliable.

..—.--------- ---_ Warringban.—Printed and Published by JOirf W " attcga, „et, at The Examiner General Printing Works, BeNcses7-6°,,,d and Published also at The grunater Offices, Victoria-rt.,. WIDNF-9 ; lligh-street, RUNCORN ; 32, Ge3rgo-otre''o74 Reiens ; and 33, Market-street. 13,1RLE3Trigri.-^W‘ 1, 1893.

-

1

I

4

===== 0002601_18930401_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
ItUN CO N FOOTBALL CLUB. --- GREAT ATTRACTION on BASTE/. MONDAY. LOCAL TEAMS : RUNCORN v. ST. HELENS. Kick-off 2.30. MONDAY, APRIL 10rn, 1813, IN THE PUBLIC HALL, RUNCORN, SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT OF TIVADAR NACHEZ 111.00 'IIE EMINENT HUNGARIAN VIOLINIST. 10,:.tiltd:T1(1.)hNthis eminent performer will be the following 1184. , Vocalists and Mueleane. THORNYCROVT. The Hon BLANCHE `'‘IINIAG,IB. The Rev. J. ELS MB, The Rev. A. T. Cou, POSYLEY. 44 rt to commence at 7 30. Tinkers 3e., 2e., IL. may be Ilnituirfn Mr. Bellamy 63. High-1., Itunoorn, and from Mr. Main ,tFrothham. flO_ ROUGH OP WARRINGTON MUNICIPAL. The A SCHOOL OF ART. 7NCAL EXEIBITION of STUDENTS' WORK theNUEDIUM. SATURDAY. APRIL lit, to eih 10A m. to 9 p.m. each day. -•••Illion Free. • ' CHARLES MADELIIY, Secretary. 6...MiOROUGH OF—WAIDIINGTON. UNICIPAL rrECII NI CAL INSTITUTE. SUMMER TERM. Ir (IF ART t, T DAT Amur. 11th. rrn commences , hrollti,tr'wh,l,!k,-.111111,1. and Dressmaking classes will re-open rtlk!ulare apply at the Museum. CHARLES MADELEY, Secretary. WALTON I.EI GARDENS WILL BE OPEN TO TUB PUBLIC TO SIM THE (JAM ELLI AS ori UNDAY AND MONDAY, APRIL 9th and 10th. FROM 2 to 6 O'CLOCK.

8111141":—SAN —I4SISTIIto..ET,--- --WAICILINOTON. ()RAND RASTER ATTRACTIONS, 1111..uPRIL 3RD. AND DURING TIM WHIM. [ s w IL': ‘44"111-INT Owing ta his great succe I, ss, Mr. F. W. u'INFION .r, Mr. ROBB (IT .11OLT ' ..i• Mullingar Hoy. 0.. Sailor Ward. Mr. J. H. CI.HVE, The Banjo • 4 the MIATTANS, The Daddies at Dancing, and "II oth,. r"• lime and Memo usual. -

I lIE WARRINOTON INFIRMARY AND DISPENSARY. , 111 E ANNUAL BALL Wilt take ulace at the LI 0 N II UT EL. (4`' TUESDAY, APRIL 11th, 1893. Sankey. " atc;te4tinn:LolitsilinXi from Mr. Percival Priam. , 1 11 11 E.GASKELL DAVIE NATIONAL SO(I ET\ FOR THE PBE- s_, Hon. Sec._ WARRINGTON VP,NvrioN or CIMPI TY TO Clf ILDREN. . ANI; 'HIS'TitIOT BRANCH. • THE ANNUAL PUBLIC MEETING. T D W X 7[l 171,11'idNYnA It It I NGTON, . Rilla IIMOL).17 , PII lIL 8.15 0 P.M• I)NA.Ir4tAPRIL 10111. . will .4dtrehseilitivelorirtt,Ziety London) I llottAs CLARE, EXAM INER OFFICE, 33, _A good selerMtloltnit''T-ST.. EMILESTOWN. ways in welt. L0.....,_0f PLAIN and FANCY Pr ST_ArIT,IOZEekEi; • —.en end ovineal Newspave adlcals, Dim *Malmo Y and Weekly Papers delivered in Hie - urucaat f Earl— - Vnlcan• , er...tilrimoant if.er tk: 014 ""''irstot,Zlll6.Wlergrave. unit led Dyers, Mr."..-----'—'o )4 --M----1400-15 LI BERA-Ll---A Davies and all ~i , OALE op WOR :ATI°N. , aad of GreWarri rt., . HURSDLY SP.Ie APRIL STit. 1893. "NY IlLia:ll6l74,ll3AixwsocsriTatlg,r;rll.llt o cilheld T 04111212inicresnitowbeAlprerned DROWNt3°,eko'crk Lbiv Kll L. AD UirtiXdi it N 'IS tilvililtit nbge Jr ceon:drutr4n g VarletymEnt,"ectin:fino% rr the Warrington Minstrels. and Lancashire Recitations. • Sllnx4ing gallery. , ~ ....... 1 ! ,!1, UBA L It 111 BAZAAR n`HIAND BAZAAR in aid of the Restoration of St. ' • Iva 'Aiireh, Pboeseyortreet, Werrlngtoe, will be held In I - ARIIINGTON GYMNASIUM. Palmyra-square, on , tri;li lth, 1211,, 13th. and 14111. Is te.,:4lAar trill be opened Oil TUESDAY, April 11th, by rsionfol the MAYOR, at kialf-past Three o'clock in , ,tlizTiareriotr. verr„linintillurn will be fitted up by Messrs. WILKINSON.; kr. 14'3t,t,1 will represent.. A STREET In JERUSALEM. arm N will conduct his Celebrated RAND at the open- Diailso during the D • • "r will Porr each day at If Three o'clock. , kleq,,, Various Amusements Will be provided. I) ~t 1 Hekets (net transfer-4,1 e) Half-a-Crown ; Tickets ~,11•4:141.? ening. 2 M .1. ap to a o'clock ; after six o'clock, is. = '4lliar.i.,ZY. bi• ul) to six o'clock ; after six o'clock, ed. ~ POW.% Day, fid, front time of opening. , CHAS. H. tiNswonTit. 1 lion. _. dolicitor.Warrington. J Treasurer. L. V()I S E Y Juno Winmarlelgh•streer, Hon. , 1111NhY HOUGHTON, Secs. 28, Itollrodon-street,

NEW SPRING GOODS. MILLINERY, HATS, BONNETS. JACKETS. CAPES. DRESSES, Ac. SEE WINDOWS. JOHN SUTTON, IS. MARKET-ST., W ARRINGTON.

COAD pUPTURES, - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. .1-11, T. 110GINGTON'8 Improved Effectual TEUSSfor Cure of Rupture registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works. T £9. Grosvenor-street, Lon- don-rm.& Manchester. .

B-- EXTON LIME FIR MS CoCOFANY LIMITED. —As Agents tor above, we have always a stock of Lime at our wharf, Central Station, Warrington I prices quoted, delivered by rail, cart, or boat —Apply CLARK and RIDOWAY. Central Station, Warrington, and Sankey

mONEY LENT ON, or PUBMIAsED to any Amount. Plate, Watches, Jewellery. Diamonds. Par- cels by post attended to by return. The Finest and Cheapest Stock of Forfeited. Watches and Jewellery In Lancaskine.— HtLit, Pawnbroker, St. James' Theatre, Manchester. HARDAWAY AND TOPPING (late BOULOGNE-SUR-MEE), FLUsHING, HOLLAND. Postage 21d. Daily Price List forwarded free on receipt of address. The Oldest Established Firm of Turf Commission Agents In the World. No representatives. -

PARK ROAD, NRWTON-LE-WILLOWS. -- MR.Choir- master As It RPC,LteOr h Organist onfnTdrinCit'hyoir- Co ilrgo, London, Solicits Pupils for Pianoforte, Organ Singing, Theory, icc. Terms moderate. Pupils prepared for the Trinity College and other Examinations. Pianos carefully Tuned. Terms Moderate.

THOROILIOWSHRD STALLION. SHAWN 1893. T2ELLIIOUSE FARM, ACTON ORANGE. CIIES- IIIIM—PAI,OIIIION, 3 years. by NAUTILUS. winner cf 28 races (11ermitair('hettlna) out of 60110. a winner (Vestruinste. Soharn Lass) ;10 approved mares.—Full Pedi- gree and further particulars on application to Mr. JENKINS. solicitor, Warrington.

COUNTY OF CUESTER. TO CARTERS, FARMERS, AND TEAM OWNERS. PERSONS desirous of TENDERINO for CARTING MACADAM and other Materials for the Main Roads for the year ending 31st March, 1894, can obtain Forms of Tender and particulars of Material to he carted, at this Office, on and after Monday. the 20th inst., between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m., and on Saturday between 10 a.m. and 1 p.m. Tenders to be endorsed "Tender for Carting" to be delivered at this Office on or before Saturday, the 15th April, 1893. The Main Roads Committee of the County Council do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any Tender. STAN HOPE BULL, County Surveyor. County Surveyor's Office, Northgate Chambers, Chester, 18th March, 1893.

-- TEETH ! TEETH 1 TEETH! MACDONALD'S FRRB DENTORTUM. WHOLESALIC ARTIFICIAL THRTII MANUFACTORY (Registered.) By H.M.R. Letters Patent. (Trade Mark.) The Bret and Cheapest House In the Profession. Single Teeth. 2s. ; Sets. 20s. Fit and Quality Guaranteed. Patients fitted while they wait. A lady in attendance. The Trade Supplied. All best materials end workmt Teeth extracted free from 6 to 8 p.m. Teeth extracted without p.m. Free consultations. Telegraphic Address : •• Dentist," Manchester. 29. PICCADILY (Opposite Infirmary Clock). MANLHESTER.

m ESSIIS. sCuRUOLP SORTNTYISTAB.ND SO N 8' EXTRACT TEETH WITHOUT PAIN. 78—ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL-78 WITH PrITEOVS (MDR Oka. A BET OF ARTIFICIAL BWU. WITH ALI, THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS, slime 3s. PER TOOTH. Mr. Cumpaty's advertisement to extract teeth without path is strictly correct. Samuel Nash, Secretary Young Men's Christian A.sociatlon.-10th August. 1869.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next GEN- ERAL QUARtER SESSIONS ,f the Peace for the COUNTY OF CHESTER will be opened at the COURT HOUSE, NETHER KNUr-FORD, in and for the said County, on MONDAY, the 3rd day of April next, at half- past Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, but in consequence of that day being a Bank Holiday the business of the Court will be adjourned to the following day at the same time, when the Grand Jury will be empannelled. The hearing of the Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Bucklow, Macclesfield and Northwich, forming the Koutsford District, and the trials of all prisoners tom- mitted from such Hundreds, will take ph ce at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Knutaford District must be in attendance at, the Court House, Knutsford, on TUESDAY, the 4th day of April next, at Half-past Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. THE Court will be adjourned to the Castle of Chester, on THURSDAY, the 6th day of April next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Bmxten, Eddiabury, Nantwich and Wirral, forming the Chester District, and the trials of all prisoners committed from the last-men- tioned Iltindreds will take place at such adjourned Ses- sions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester District must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the opening of the Court on THUIISDAY, the 6th day of April next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD POTTS. Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester. Chester,l3th March, 1893.

JAMES WILLIAMS. CHAIR AND CABINET MANUFACTURER, 26 and 28, GEORGE LEIGH•STREET. AND 37, GREAT ANCOATS STREET, MANCHESTER. Cheapest HOUSE In the Tnade. EsTARLLSHICT, 1825.

THE HUMAN II AIR. IF I•CsUR HAIR IS FALLING OFF. Consult S. TAYLOR, nr Use His Renowned Preparations. CANTHAUIDICS EXTRACT anal POMADE, which are CERTAIN RESTORERS of the HAIR. -- TAYLOR'S SEDATIVE AND NUTRITIVII CREAM le Infallible for perfectly Relieving the Skin from Irritation and Freeing the Hair from Scurf Prepared only by S. TAYLOR. HAIRDRESSER AND PERFUMER, 26 AND 28. RINO-STREET. MANCHESTER.

THOMAS U 0 IV DE L L. HOUSE AND ESTATE AGENT. 3. XNUTSFORD-ROAD. WARRINGTON, RENTS of Cottages and other Property In town or country regularly collected and paid over monthly, quarterly, or as desired. T. C. collects in Warrington. Widnes, Runcorn, and Prod- sham on Mondays; Lymm and district, on Tuted.tys. References and terms on application. rr HONIAS FRAIN begs to intimate that he has taken itito partnership Mr. WILLIAM GROVE, and that his business will in future be carried on under the name of FRAIN AND GROVE, unNTand ORBT COLLECTORS, House, Estate, and (leneral Commission Agents 12, EDGEWORTH STREET. WARRINGTON. ItIiNTS Am) ACCOUNTS regularly collected in town or country—DlGlTS PURCHASED. References and Terms on application. Communications promptly attended to. R. CA Mr AND SON, Td•NUF•CTURICKS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLAISTONII BIG (COW MDR) from 16s. 04. LADIES' MVO BASKETA from 24.. 0,1. 39, DALE-ST.. SNOB. PARKER-ST , LIVERPOOL.

NOTICE TO MASONS, BUILDERS, AND RAIL- WAY COATRACTORS. EDDISBUBT RED AND MANLAY WHITE STONE loaded in trucks at DELANERE AND MANLEY STATIONS. 5,000 TONS IN STOCK, suitable for RAILWAY BRIDGES AND OTHER PURPOSES REQUIRING STRENGTH. /or particulars apply to ISAACJOHNSON AND SON, HARWOOD HILL, KIILSALL, near CHESTER.

TUCK AND CO.. umitod. INDIA RUBBER A Plata ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. Guaranteed quality. twee, Thread, or Copper Sewn. or CEMENTED ONLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street. Liverpool. Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester. London, Carollff, Newport, and Dublin. LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

T "HI TRIPE! CHIP POTATOES. 113 to TOM PLATT'S, 24, BRIDGE STREET, EARLS- TOWN. for noted Tripe ; fresh daily. Ills Chip potatoes (+NAM In pure lard, by patent machinery, are a speciality. and can be relied upon. I T. PLATT is also prepared to supply in any quantity Neatsfoot oil, and English tallow.

_ WARRINGTON CONCENTRATED MANURE. —Agent Mr. JOSiti'lli TAYLOR. Lion Hotel. Warrington, who will attend the Warrington. Nortlswieh. Chester. and Rnutsford bi.ricets. All orders promptly ex.- cutvd. Analysis and testimonials on application.

WARRINGTON CORPORATION. CONCENTRATED MANI:RE FIFTERNTII SEASON. Agent for a'l England— Mn. IVILLIAM PADDINGTON, WARRINGTON.

THE LIVERPOOL ANIMAL SLAUGHTERING AND PATENT MANURE COMPANY. LIMITED. SUPPLY TIM BEST MANURES IN THE MARKET Made from Dlowl, Pones. Mc., TO SUIT ALL CROPS. Price list and term post free tat opplicntion. ----- P.N.—The brat price Oven for dead and worn-rnit Dories. end removed on the shortest notice.. Telephone, 1407. W. C. 110DOEINSON. Managing Mr. ret.a.. 3. Cellingwocal-street. Liverpool.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office : 168. ISLINGTON-SQUARE, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable 64 Weekly. Entire Charge £1 2s. 3.t. £5O. ~ 201. „ „ £3 9s. Od. £lOO. „ 40s. „ £6 16s. GC ALIa. GORDON. Manager.

DR. FOX'S COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS • THE GREAT REMEDY. FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, INFLUENZIA, HOARSENESS, LOSS OF VOICE AND ALL AFFECTIONS OF THE CHEST AND LUNGS. Being prepared from Fruits and herbs only, may be taken with perfect safety by Old and Young. Sold everywhere in tins. Is. ltd. each by Chemists and Medicine Venders. BOLE PUOPRIETOR— • GEORGE 11_4 ADE. 72, GOSWELL-ROAD. LONDON, A TIN SENT FREE ON RECEIPT OF STAMPS.

44 rIMIE SIGN OP 4," I. followed by 3, is the number of lIEMERBYTI LINOLEUM WAREROUSB in CROSS-STREET, where you can bay the beat and most perfect designs in Linoleum thoroughly matured and ready for laying from Is. 44. per square yard upwards; Linoleum, Cortictne Cork Carpet Rugs, Brussels and Tapestry Carpets and Squares, Mats, Matting. Austrian Bent wood Chairs, Table., ltc. The Largest Stock and Best Selection In the Provinces. -10 IIEMBRY & CO.. LP. Q. CROSS-STREET (Islbert-square). MANCHESTER.

A BOON TO LADIES. A BOON TO LADIES. A BOON TO LADIES. A RETIRED }trig Surgeon Specialist will for- I. ward (free of charge) full ten-limiters of a remedy which, during an extensive practice In England and the Colonies, he has never known to fail In the MOST OBSTINATE CASE OF OBSTRUCTION AND IRREGULARITIES. Forward addressed envelope for full particulars, and waste no more time and mctiey on useless pills and so-called remed- ies, do.. which. In the majority of cases, are nothing but purgatives, and Cause sickness, prostration, and pain, with- out having the desired result. Letters lobe addressed to— TII El SURGEON, GOTHIC HOUSE. 9 ERsKINE-ST.. LIVERPOOL.

E4ASTEI SHOW AT THU 111ANc, I ESTER rrA I LORING AND I 1 ViLOTII ING DEPOT 18 ONE OF THE LARGEST IN VARIETIES EVER MADE IN WARRINGTON, FOE SPRING AND SUMMER WEAR. Wooderfnl ranges of new Colours In real all Wool Scotch and Cheviot Tweed Made to Measure. OUIT 31/6 37/6 47/6 55/—. • , , ROUSEILS T (lined) 10/—,12/—,1,3` /6,16/6. BLACK WORSTED COAT AND VEST, BLACK VICUNA COAT AND VEST. BLACK LLAMAS COAT AND VEST, BLACK 110PSAC COAT AND VEST. 24/—, 31/—, 361—, 42/—. WELL MADE AND TRIMMED. FIT GUARANTEED. 8 Jou, 13, 11011311SIARKET-STIMET. WARRINGTON.

•_ _ _ OUTIIPORT. SUNNYSIDE HYDRO, Promenade extenalon. Thraldom. Dr. Bernardo. A rummer 'mid winter reildenoe, combining ill tlie comforts of • pleasant home. tka view. parks. pier, and trams near. Nee Turkish and nther baths. billiards, and tennis. Terms moderate.—J. BooCocx, proprietor.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 To 40, LUDGATE HILL. HOME COMPORTS. CLILANLINNSS AND QUINT. Orintral tor business or oleoloro.

ilublitation6. 44 HOW TO RNSURE If EA LTII."—A medical work giving Proscriptions gn.l Instructions for ths gore of ell kinds of fl.4flit float Ire.. tyro !tamps Address Dr. I:I4I4NEM, 48, Lonsdslo Square. Liarnshury London. if.

WHITK ST Alt LINE, ROYAL' MAIL STRAMIRS. tivnitronr, to NNW YORK. vo. Qnmennewn. evert WO4. °MAJESTIC ... Wed.. Apr. 81 BRITANNIC Apr. 12 heeono Cabin will bo earried ots tint votsge *irked thus*. B""nrs Piewattors will now be carried. iPlendu ‘eas•t• of oil, line are all the largest ohm. uniform In model and A:ramie/wilts, and Itusurpatanln the Com 'AM.-neve Of their *pi .intmcnte. tial4en and State Kt.= irflltblll4. ApplyJtencett wtTI. 61. Leglill., IVai. angton. er to Ilinet. 110)11. and On.. 3, Leadeahall-street. London. LC.. an& 10. Water-street. Liverpool. -

("I THE NOTED TAILOR, FIRST QUALITY IN LABOUR FIT AND STYLE. SPECIALITIES, COVERT COATS, 40s. SUITS, 50s. TROUSERS 163. DRESS SUITS 705. J. C. having a large stock of late season goods, la offering same at vreatly reduced prices. 6, BOLD STREET. W•NRINOTON.

EXPIRATION OF LEASE. MISS CANTRELL HAS DECIDED TO CLEAR HER CHOICE SELECTIONS OF GLASS AM) CHINA AT • REDUCTION OF 20 PER CENT. DISCOUNT FOR CASH. MISS CANTRELL, 66, SANKEY-STRIET, WARRINGTON.

GE D DES'S DAINDI{I4ION COFFEE The beet and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Bold by all Grows and Druggists, le Oantitar 54., 101.. and Is. Id weer. Wholesale by 3 Ozone. 801. Warrington.

.m.. ./..... TEETH. TEETH. TEETH. -- rrEETH. PARKINSON'S TEETH, are. at the prioe, UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The public L TEETH. may rest assured that these statements are based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, ant perhaps TEETH the best gnanentee of this to Inteeding patients is that J. If. PARKINSON hie one of the Larkest Dental Practices in England, the out- TBErn. op.. or r.ploying the BEST LABOUR using lag rhl te SLTOMWAHTSETItpI 0A sUis 1 onbLt I; npa ibt re Eir d ' cll a, TEE"... II7 set made, or work done by him, and TEETH. not giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION In Every Detaill will be Immediately corrected, or 1 TEETLI. an ENTIRE NEW SET made FREE OF CHARGE. TTKEETETIIII.. These conditions Insure the public's satisfao- fEETll. Ron and rwornmennation, exemplified by 21 seta having been inserted for patients during oue year only, directly and indirectly throtgb the voluntary I,ersuasion and reoommendatim of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any or all of these patients' names and addresses, for ref e- TEETII. Fence, will be given to any would-be paßent Personally applying for them. These, with thousands in the past, each recommending TEETH• their friends, speak volumes for Mr. Parkin- son's success. TEETH. No unusually Large Dental Establishment. L adapted for the COMFORT of Patients. MUST rrEETII. NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCOME I A- FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily from 9to 12 rrE.E TH and 2 to 6. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION, to., as hitherto, b 7 the aid of his own made TEETH. LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which he now liquefies for sale to dentists nearly 10.000 gaI- 'TEETH. lons weekly. Patients, have. therefore, in this speciality also the benefit of his experience. E. TEETH. cLosNo ALL DAY ON FRIDAYS. J. H. PARKINSON, TEETH. Dentist by Examination. 48, MOSLEY-STREET. MANCHESTER, WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, at Miss Charles's. Ladle.' Outfitter. Sankey-street. trom 2 to 6 p.m. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes. (late Miss Parson's), Confectioner. Bridge-street. from 2 to 6. NORTHWICII, on FRIDAYS. at Miss flibson's, 2. Castle- Street. from rir 11 t.. b. Ai

Q ALLSOPP & SON'S MILD AND Brrrza Amu Lad D'ASOT 8018 011L/lIIRATIID DUBLIN STOUT Dig. IS, and SS Gallon Oaaks, or Bottle+. Lem PETER MUGU, BeRSIIMAIKET STILBST. WAILRINOTuN.

EASTER SHOW IN JUVENILE DEPARTMENT AT THE AIANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT FOR LITTLE BOYS we hare now Ready for SPRING and SUMMER WEAR wery pretty 2/11 New Designs In SAILOR SUITS ke., from BLUES. BLACKS. BROWNS, GREYS. FAWNS, Ile. YOUTHS D.E. WEEPER ENICK ER SUIT In all Colours are VERY STYLISH FOE BOYS 9[015 years old. -- YOUTII9 D.D. AND 8.11. REEFER SUIT long TROUSERS In endless variety priers to meet all Buyers an ALL 00005 OUR OWN MAKE. 8 & 101 HORSEMARK ET STREET, WARIIINOTON.

BRAND & C 0.13 BEEF • BOUILLON. • 1103 T NUTRITIOUS AND INVIGORATING DEVERAG R. Made by the Simple Addition a Boiling Wate At a Cost within the reach ot all. H. LITTLS STANIIOI4I-BT..MAYVAIIt. W.

IRONMONOERY ! IRONMONGERY! WM. LA WSON 57, MARKET-ST., EARLES7OWN. GENERAL IRONMONGER, WHOLESALE CABINET MAKER, SANITARY AND DOMES- TIC ENGINEER. Tin, copper, and ironplate worker, and vueral copper smith. BRASS FURNISHING, in all Its branches, under- taken. Brass. Iran. and Stoel castings supplied from Customers' own patterns or to order. CYCLES CAREFULLY UNPAIRED AND REPAINTED. INVENTOR AND PATENTEE OF THE LAWSON LIME-LIGHT APPARATUS. Note the addreigs g 57 MARKET-STREET. EARLESTOWN.

rxi ORRIS'S TO LU k HONEY. ColneuTtih: itocnly Lure for Coble, Coughs, FACTS. 1 moit it t Ers TIC-CURL PILLS. The only Curs for Neuralgia. Tic, and Toothache. , MRK O! s. Chemist, Alexandra-road, adap- t cheater, and all Dealers.

HOOPiNG COUGH TAN telrbreited 'pawl; HOMING oouoa cure wahowt internal movheiße. HOOPING COUOII Of all Chemist s priee HOOFING COUGH 4s. Tier bottle. Sole Wholesale Acents I W. EDW•PIMI A Sox. BRONChiTIS U)?. umen Victoria Street London. ' CROUP

HOME MADE MARMALADE. DIILICACY IN EMT uousieilom COLLINOE'S SEVILLE ORANGE MARMALADE. BOLD BY ALL GROCIHRII.—WORX9 MIRLIISTOWN.

TIES FOR EASTER. RVBRICONB SUITRD. ALL SHAPES, ALL PATTERNS. THE BIGGEST STOCK OF TIES IN WARRINGTON. PAUL THE PRINCIPAL HOSIER. 69, BRIDGE-ST.. WARRINGTON. Two doors from Lion Hotel.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT CO. MIST ROOTS FOR HVIIRYBODY. See the new Styles In ,-•‘ ~011 .714,W LADIES' LOW Sllons. UNDER TIIE CLocK, WARRINGTON. UNDER THE CLUB, WIDNICS. 90 BRIDGE STREET, RARLESTOWN. THREE GOLD MEDALS FOR QUALITY.

LORD BROTHERS, ARE NOW SHOWING SPRING AND SUMMER NOVELTIES • MANTLES AND 'TIMM 461 DRESS GOODS, -ok,. • 444' ORD BROTHERS, 128. BRIDGE STREET. WARRINGTON.

351 OANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. MAWSON AND Co. THE STAND UM TAILORS Are NOW S JIOWINO some of the Choicest Deigns In W OOLLEN GOODS for the present Season. We ha N e Jstey adopted and are now cutting by the NEWEST AND LATEST AMERICAN SYSTEM. With great, success, and feel confident of givin4 every satisfaction in fit and style,

16. HOILSIIMARKET STURET, WARRINGTON. UNSWORTIL BROS.' • GREAT WINTER SALE, OOMENCING FEBRUARY Illn £5,000 WORTH Or CLOTHING. lIOSIRRY, SHIRTS, HATS, CAPS, 8.7 c. TIRB STOCK REDUCED! 2s, to be. In ths Poulnl off. 24, 28, 47, A 49, HIGH-STREET, RUNCORN. BRED FOR CATALOGUE.

WILLIAMS AND CO. TDB NRW (TO 01101(11 ONLY) CASH TAILORS. WARE NOW SHOWING ALL NEW (1001)5 YOR SPRING AND BUMMER %MAR. Cr r",.0 /1 / 1111 tJV" SUIT. IN ALL TRIO NNW GREYS. 1411110115, &c. ql I'O/ 11111 VW T'IIIIT. IN CASIIMIMIL LLAMA, bllft(7lls AC, 13112 30/- SPRIN,I )VIDICOAT. IN ALL 1111ADICS. ri 11.3 F AND 16/6 ROUSIDIS Swann( Windows this wrwk st ROYAL RXCHAN(I/1 ST. ANN'S SQUARN. MANCIIIISTRIL

smvint 11111 DAL. EDINBURGH. 1390 GOLD MEDAL, JAMAICA. 1891. GOLD MEDAL. minim 1891. COLEMAN'S WINCARNIS, OR LIBIDO'S EXTRACT OF MEAT AND MALT WIEII,I WINC•EN IS Is the New Name Ifeeneemt to Prevent Fraudulent Imitations. OVER TWO THOUSAND Unsolicited Testimonials base been recehed from Mmloal Men. IMPORTANT UNSOLICITED TESTIMONIAL PEON Dr. It ATTIIBWB, Derehain-moul, Norwich. Dereham•road, Norwich. June 13th. 1882. fientlemen.—You haft, been kind enough to send me several free orders tor your " %Thwarts's." and it has given much relief le several who were Ins dying 54 they take the " Wincwrnts " when everything else was rejected, I am now begging (he favour of asking you If you ran do a w,wk of eisarlty in giving a poor dying man some of vour ••Winearnis." It Ass Aret Assn up Is trwAr. Ha Is suffer- lag from an Internal (lancer. Ills means are all gone. Frienes and Ids lenity have purchased two large bottles weekly They mintiest afford him more. Ile has had the most expen- sive Wines, but nothing suits him like the.. Th,„ ease Is urgent. 'I he gentleman has filled CO Important posi• lion iii this oounty.but his meansare gone.—Yours laithfolly. W. MATTHEWS. Messrs. Coleman and Co., Limited, WI NCARNIS Is tots by all Druggists, Wine Merchants, and Potent Medielne Vendors. Ask for COLEMAN'S "WI NCA !MIS," or I,llolo'B EXTRACT OF MEAT AND MALT WINE. and ses, that the word WINCARNIS la on Ilse shoulder of the bottle. If there is any difficulty In getting the Wino, write direct to the Mant t act users, %IV) will forward Sample Pint Bottle Free by Post on receipt of 33 stamps. „ Dos, Rail 30s. Bole Manufacturers, I-VLF:MAN & CO.. Licnd, St. George's and Bank Plain, Norwich: and 3, New London-st., London, W.C. bole Proprietors of " Ormsron." the New Enef Tes, and also Coleman's Crown Imiserial Invaild Stool which Is strongly reoornmendmt by the Medial Paeolt

a wain L EP P 8 0011FORTI Di (1 . RREAKFAST OR SUPPRR OCOA SOILING WATRR OR MILK

RMAI,I,-100X I I StYARLItt FttVlElt ! PIiNVNNTION ORTTNH THAN (VKMI It Hasilthy Homes maintained by using DIBUY'S I)ISINFECTINO FLUID. It Is a porrnot Antiseptic and riaalor Isar, and t4Tect tiftl I inrovynts oontoglan• It. is sum renukly tor skin forro In 1111111, linrsa, or and Is noi, imauaioua. Invaluable to lintel Proprietor*. Var. fliers and Ifouselsoklers. liHNUY Ijilllly tint Co, Doelt Clionllcal Works, 11)oratou0k. kanelsester.

JA B. NI.G REENIIALOB, CABINET MAKER, UPHOLSTERER, AND DECORATOR. SHOWROOM 48, SANKEY-STREET. WORKSHOP. KING-STREET., WARRINGTON.

HOLLY BANK, FRODSHAM. Educational Establishment for Girls, PRINCIPAL., the Misses LaIrCOCY ; Popils prepared for Local Exams. Next term commence. May Bth.

MISS LEILA BAIRSTOW, L.C.M., resumes lessons January 17th. in singing (English and Italian.) Voice production and breathing, (apecialite),—Terms apply 10. Bold-st. Warrington.

LADIES' SCHOOL,MELCHET HOUSE, LYTHAM. —lnclusive terms. special for clergy, references to Parents. vacancy for articled pupil.—Principals, the Misses HALKET (Miss. S. Halket,L.L.A.)

CLAREMONT, MOUNT EPHRAIM - ROAD, STREATHAM, LONDON. PREPARATORY SCHOOL for the Sons of Gentlemen, (Established 1881.) Tutor a.B.A. London. Principal—Miss JULIA GRIFFITHS. Prospectus on Application.

ST. GEORGE'S SCHOOL, (Catholic), Brampton, Huntingdon, (It hours from King's Cross). A thoroughly Professional or Commercial Education provided at a moderate pension.—Address The PRINCIPAL.—N.B. The next term begins on January 17th, 1893.

SEFTON HOUSE, WEST DERBY, NEAR LIVERPOOL. Conducted by the Misses ACKE Good educational advantages. The house, a large and com- modious one. is most conveniently situated for access from Manchester and Southport, being within five minutes' walk from the West Derby Station, on the Cheshire Lines Railway NEXT TERM will COMMENCE Wednesday, Mty 3rd. Charges moderate.

MHE MARLING ENDOWED SCHOOL, STROUD. 1 Chairman of Governors : Sir W. H. Marling, Bart. School Fees. £?-23 a Term ; Boarding Fees, only £.3€l per Annum. Boys admitted at any period at l'ro ortionate Fees. For particulars apply.—W. J. UREENSTREET, M.A., Head- master.

W A RRI NGT 0 N GRAMMAR SCHOOL. The Summer Term will begin on TUESDAY. May 2nd. The Capitation or Tuition Fees are : Upper Diyieion Lower Division Preparatory Form for boys £2 .. from 8 to 12 years of age. There are three terms in a y ar. For further particulars apply to the HEAD MASTER.

MANCHESTER GRAM MAR SCHOOL. Fee £4 4s. per term. The next TERM begins WEDNESDAY. APRIL 19Tw. Entrance Examination the same d.ty at 9 a.m. Prospectuses, Forms of application, Ac., may be had at the school. OWEN W. COX. Clerk and Receiver. NB.—Boarding House now open under the sanction of the Governors.

PREPARATORY BOARDING SCHOOL FOR YOUNG GENTLEMEN, WEST ROYD, FORMBY, NEAR LIVERPOOL. Under the Patronage of HIS LORDSHIP THE BISHOP OF LIVERPOOL, AND THE RIGHT REV. MGR. CARE, V.G. This school offers special advantages to young and delicate boys, being near the sea, and situated In the healthiest part of Lancashire. Home comforts and individual attention. Pupils prepared for different examinations. References to many of the clergy and parents of present and former pupils. Conoucted by Certificated Mistresses. For terms. Im., apply to Miss GOSFORD, as above.

EEPER !ENDED DRESS and MANTLEMAKER, willing to go out by the day. Ladies' own materials made up, or dresses remade at 11-me, references.—A. GIBBONS, 12, Ellls—t., Warrington.

AGENTS Wanted, whole or spare time. I.•eral commie- alone. Best goods only. Free samples.—Write for particulars. TJPPII.GMN'S Rubber Stamp Factory, Wine Office-court London, B.C.

PARTNER WANTED, Ladyor Gentleman, with .2150 to partly finance an invention in furtherance of which £3OO is already at disposal. Enormous profits. No risk. Highest references. For security and particulars, address HINTON, Post Office, Helsby, near Warrington.

DOROUGH OF WIDN e S.—Thu Corporation is prepared to receive APPLICATIONS from properly qualified Accountants for the appointment of " Professional Auditor S' of the Eorough Accounts.—Applications, stating terms and fu 'l particulars, addressed to the Chairmax of the Finance Committee, to be delivered to me on or before the 4th April, prox. H. S. OPPENHEIM, Town Clerk. Town Hall. Widnes. 21st March, 1893.

PR ESCOT UNION, The Guardians of this Union have at the present time several eligib'e boys and lads be- tween the ages of 13 and 17 years, for whom they are desirous of securing situations. They are now being trained at Fazakerley Cottage Homes in ,homlaking, tailoring, paint- ing, farm work. etc. Part icidars on application to the under- signed. A. F. MANN. Clerk to the Guardians. Union Offices, Whiston, Prescot. 23rd March, 1803.

T EFT OFF CLOTHES bought, best price for parcels for- -4A warded, if not approved, goods returned.—JAMES Goa- MAN, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326, 328, and 346, Dean agate, Manchester.

SECOND-HAND DRESS SUITS, Military, Theatrical,Band Uniforms for sale or hire.—JAMES GORMAN, New and See,..nd-hand Clothes Dealer, 326. 328, and 346, Deansrate, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits perfectly new at a third cost price.

TWO VACANCIES in Scientific Dressmakers' College.— Here young ladies are thoroughly taught either dress- making or the French millinery business. In eight weeks girls are quite competent to earn their own living, and are then placed in good situations. Young people are sent from all parts of England, Ireland, and Scotland to be trained at this college, where proficiency is guaranteed in the eight weeks. Many dressmakers in the old style come here to learn this splendid new •cL ntific system. No dress requires to be fitted on. The charges at this college are extrrmely moderatir, to suit the times. The ages of students vary from 14 to 45. References given to late pupils doing well in life. References required with each stuilent. Home comforts and every ca-e is taken of young people placed at this college by their parents to Le taught. --Write for prospectus to Madame DRAKE, Norwich.

BOROUGH OF WIDNES,—The Carporation is prepared to receive TBNDBRS for the supply of COAL for a period of one year, for use in the Town Hall, and other Public Buildinge.—Estimated quantity about one hundred tons.—Forms of Tender may be obtained on application to Mr. J. S. SINCLAIR, Borough tiurvecor.—Tenders addressed to the Chairman. General Purposes Committee. to te delivered to me not later than the 4th April prox. The lowest of any tender, not necessarily accepted. H. S. OPPENHEIM, Town Clerk. Town Mall, Widnes, March 22nd, 189.3.

PESCOT UNION.—TO BUILDERS AND CONTRAC- TORS.—TENDERS are invited for the erection and completion of a Building for a Meat Store at the Union Work- house. Whiston. Plans may be seen at the Office of the Architect,Mr. JAMES GANDY, Masonic Buildings, Hall-st., St. Helens, where quantities may be obtained upon a deposit of half a guinea which sum will be returned after the receipt of a bona fide Tender. Tenders endorsed " Meat Store" to be delivered to me the undersigm-d not later than 10 o'clock a m. on THURSDAY, 6th APRIL, 1893. The Guardians do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any Tender. A. F. MANN, Clerk to the Guardians. Union Offices. Whiston, Present, 23rd March, 1893.

GEORGE JACKSON. PAWNBROKER, JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH, 59, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY, Marble and other CLOCKS. FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS, and MUSICAL IN- 61RUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW HATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

BY -SPmuels "of Manchester, one of this celebrated Maker, six guinea English SILVER LEVER, centre seconds chronograph stop watch, fully jewelled, compensating Payments taken. balance adjusted, gold joints and out- side stop, duet and damp proof cases, new twelve months ago, will give written guarantee for seven years. £3 15s.

AMOST noble pair of double drop Brilliant RUBY LUSTRES, under glass shades. each Lustre has a double row of eight hand cut pure Payments taken. crystal drops, eight inches long. Total height of ornaments, twenty four inches. These are undoubtedly the finest pair of Lustres in Warrington. 30s. We cordially invite inspection. Only VERY Pretty TOILET SET, con- V sisting of Eight Pieces all per- 55.11. feet. Only Choice Selections of better Sets. SBCOND hand splendid Silver Centre Seconds STOP WATCH, condition equals new, very hand- Payments taken. some in appearance, perfect going order, written guarantee for three years, honestly worth fifty-five shill- ings. will take 21s. 6D.

QEVERAL Second Hand VIOLINS. Payments taken. 1...7 some slightly damaged, worth from 10s. to 20s. each, will clear at KPI S. Have a grand sPlection of High Class instruments in stock.

VERY fine pair of Second Band V BRONZE WARRIORS, in splendid condition. 21 inches high, Payments taken. worth five guineas, genuine forfeit, will take 22 12 6D. S.

CARACTEIt from Handwriting I—All desiring a faithful delineation of their character should send specimen with is. Id. to Professor CARONA, 312, Vauxhall Bridge road, Westminster, London. "IN SALE.-23 Forms with backs and castings ha good condition, suitable for Concert Halls, or recreation grounds.—For particulars apply to EDWARD BAILEY, 34, Hotel-st., Earlestown.

SCOTCH WHISKEY .—Parties desiring really good Whiskey should send P.O. for 20s. for six bottles, car- riage paid to any part of England.—McJEnnow and Co., Lockerbie. N.B. Established 1825.

A FEW 5 per cent. PREFERENCE SHARES of £l.O each ./-1 FOR SALE in a good sound Private Limited Com- pany.—Apply to J D. TAYLOR and Co., chaitered account- ants. Town Hall Buildings, Halifax.

TO IN YEN TORS.—If you have an idea for an invention or trade mark P Secure it at moderate cost. Book post free. Patents bought and soId.—GRAHAM, BIZINIE and Co., patent agents, 57, Lord-at., Liverpool.

A GOOD QUARRY BUSINESS to be disposed of, la. tramway out of Quarry on to the Cheshire Lines Rail- way.—For particulars apply to Isaac JOHNSON and Sox, Quarry Proprietors, Harewood Hill, Kelsall.

TORN LOWE, Fire and Tidef-proot SAFE MAKER, has ON t, BALE Mimer, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap; 100 to choose from. —3B, Albert-street, King-street West. Manchester.

MANUFACTURER'S REMNANTS in Stuffs. Cashmeres, Prints. Calicoes, Cretonnes, Flannels. Shirtings, and Woollen Clothes. 10 lb. bundles cheap; price list free.—W. CLARKsOff, Merchant, 41, Swaine-et., Bradford.

S 0,000 S (ILD. Cameras. L anre.st erfs:n.c eitembraatteendrsp hoortoic Profes- sionals. MANCHE/3'IER AGENCY is at 71. Oxford-st. (All Saints'). Lists free. Second hand cameras bought or ex- changed.

Cl LOSS on Shirts and Collars is easily got by using VT HUSS'S DIAMOND LINEN ENAMEL (Cowered by Royal Letters Patent) ;no polishing iron regnired ; of grocers and chemists ; post tree, with testimonials, 18.—DEPOT, 35, Castle Arcade. Cardiff.

BILLIARDS ! BAGATELLE !—All those requiring new or second-hand Tables, Requisites, or Billiard Work done, should, before going elsewhere, send for llENsito BROS., New Price List, cloth and cushion samples.—Address 29, High-st.. W.O London. Est. 1862.

ALKER'S SPECIFIC FOR PILES--A Certain, safe and speedy remedy. Beneficial to the general health. Cures constipation. Invaluable to ladies. In boxes, Is. Ild., and is. 9d., of most chemists; by post Is. 3d. and 2s. lid —J. WALKER, Manchester House, St. Augustine's-road, Southsea.

F'"ND DEAD.—Thonsand have been killed with Sanford's Poison. Hundreds of farmers that have used It say it is ti e test poison known, as they find a lot of rats dead by ming it. Post tree is. 2d., 25., 3s box, of SANFORD and SON, San y, Beds. Send stamp and try it. Sold by ehemis s.

LOOK I LOOK 1 ! LOOK !!! Greatest 1 argain on earth; 20,000 waterproof hoods and capes ; purchased from the Government; cost 76. 6d. each ; I will send a hood and cape for 24 stamps. post free. Quite new, but put out of service, from fly, JOIIN Gessox, Government Contractor, Rye, Sussex

lr ACE! LACE! LACE I—WANTED, everyone to send for _ILJ No. 200 Parcel. containing 1 Beautiful Lace Apron ; 1 Lace Handkerchief ; I. Silk Fall • 6 yards Goods Lace, 1 Buckle, 12 Pictures, an carriake paid for is. 6d.. worth 2s. 6d. —W. COTTON, Lace Manufacturer, Weekday Cross, Notting ham. Est. 50 years. Price lists free.

ENERAL HEALTH AND BEAUTL—Tonic for the Ur chest, consumption, colds, pain at heart, wind or flatulence, gives relief la rheumatism, neuralgia and chil- blains. To poor blood it imparts warmth, strength, and tones up the system. Bottles Is., free to any address. Life drops, vegetable stimulants, can be used constantly, with ordinary dr nk, etc. Agents wanted.—Mr. Mairting, 20, Christian-street, Liverpool.

PIIOTECT THE CHEST AND LUNGS.—Our celebrated Life Drops for Consumpl ion and Chest troubles recom- mended by a great physiologist whooe name we will give on application, is. Handsome Natural Lambs' Wool Protectors, red flannel lined, Italian silk outside and wool between, back and front 3s. 6d. Feet Pads, for warmth and ease, Natural Lambs' Wool, Is. Free to any address,M. MCBRIDE, 20, Christian-street, Liverpool.

Ai WARDED FIRST PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide ill Jubilee Exhibition, 1887, and Sydney Centenary Exhibition, 1888. —TO PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. Cheapest House in London for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings —all the newest designs. Two million feet always in Stl..3k. Veneered and fancy wood. mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every description, oleographs,&c. Further reduction in prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipping orders. Full particulars in pattern book and catalogue (85 pages 4to demy revised for 1891) for 3d, stamps.—H. MORELL, 17 and 18. Great St. Andrew-st., Bloomsbury, London. Telegraphic address " Rabbitry," London. Stock liets snd prices of glass monthly, free.

ATSIMONY 1I I —ASTROLOGY t t —Why Live in k Doubt 7—Your Future Foretold, Marriage Prospects, Brief Chart, is. Id. ; Seven Years' By zits, 2s. 6d.; Nativity, ss. Give sex and date of Birth. State if married. Photograph may be sent when possible.—Address Professor CATTELL. 15, Upper Perry-hill, Bristol.

MATRIMONY.—Widower, 39 (two children), fond of home and cheerful musical society, possessing large in‘lependent means, desires correspondence with an edu- cated, amiable, Chri.tian lady (spinster or widow) of un- doubted rest ectability and position. Marriage settlement made. Address letter in strict confidence to Mr. R. BROOKS, 64, New Oxford-st., London.

~zell 1,4-A wap,,,l NOTICE. 4,11., •ItTI ca GREAT REDUCTIONS ARE STILL BEING ALLOWED FOR CASH WITH ORDERS. AT THE TEMPLE OF ARTS FURNITURE ESTABLISHMENT, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON. AND NO REASONABLE OFFER WILL BE REFUSED FOR SOME GOODS. It is a well-known fact that my goods are, and always have been marked in plain figures, so my customers. will be ab:e to see for them- selves the actual seductions made in the prices. A variety of Bedroom Suites of my own manufacture in Ash, Walnut, Birch, and Mahogany at greatly reduced prices, and for some high class Suites no reasonable offer will be refused. Sideboards, Cabinets, and Cheflioniers in Walnut and Mahogany, some of which will be offered under cost price. All kinds of Furniture, Eedsteadb, Bedd- ing, Carpets, Linoleums. &c., at enorm- ous reductions. I do with confidence recommend all who are wanting Funaitur., to., &c., not to miss this rare opportunity. R. W. MARSH, CABINET MAKER AND UPHOLSTERER. THE TEMPLE OF ARTS. BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED 1864.

GLANYDON, Bull Bay. Arolwch, Anglesey.—To 1 e Let, Furnished, Charming Seaside Cottage Residence. six bedrooms, two sitting rooms, kitchens, Ac., tennis lawn ; farm produce, boating.

WANTED, by a young gentleman, a sitting-room with piano, bedroom and use of bathroom, in the country, a short distance tram the Town Hall. Terms, &O.—Address D., Examiner Office, Warrington.

-LIASTRR HOLlDAYS.—Excellent TROUT FISHING in r./ Private Lakes, also in Streams, with good accommoda- tion. 7s. a day inclusive ; less for parties ; billiards. Au - PPOPRIETOR, Gwalchmai Hotel, Anglesey. The best fishing in Anglesey from this hotel.

LANDUDNO, WEST END BOATIDING ESTABLISH- -14 MENT.—This establishment, just recently enlarged, is charmingly situated, with splendid view of both Bays, Great Orme, Isle of Anglesey, close toßeach, Pavilion, Pier, Happy Valley, and Marine Drive. Good management with cleanliness, combined with liberal table, fine Dining, Draw- ing,Ladies% and smokerooms. Present terms from 6a day, no extras.—T/103.12.8 JEPHCOTT, proprietor.

I-- RON FENCING, SHEEP and CATTLE HURDLES. Don't be misled by special advertised offers, but before buying write for our Illustrated Catalogue, free on applica- tion. BAYLISS JONES & BAYLISS, Iron Fencing manufac- turers, Wolverhampton. London Office and Showrooms, 139 ,t 141, Cannon Street, London.

WANTED, BUYERS OF MACHINERY, Engineers' Tools, Boilers, Iron and Steel Joists, Girders, 4te., to inspect Stock at Albion Ironworks. Saville-street, Sheffield, or send for Machinery and Girder List, addressed MANAGER.

ON SALE, 8 h.p. portable ENGINE and BOILER In thorough good working order, with new fire box, new tubes, new wheel, and front carriage and new laggled. Can be seen at work at any time by giving notice the time you wish ; also two 4 h.p. Vertical BOMBES (new). three 3 h.p. Vertical Boilers (new) —JOSEPH STF.WART, Boiler Works, Leigh.

LUBRICATING OILS.—" Reliance" Colliery Oil. Is. per gallon; Machinery Oil, is,; Extra Machinery Oil. 13.4 d.; Engine Oil, is. 9d. ; Marine Engine Oil. Is. ; Cylinder Oil. 9d.; Gas Engine Oil, 2s. 3d.; Valvoline Oil, 25., 2s. 3d. ; Dynamo Oil, 3. ; Colza Oil. 29. 6d. 40 gallon barrels free Carriage Paid.—RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL Co.. 19 and 20, Water-lane, Great Tower-st., London, E.C. Agents {ranted.

QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS LIMITED (late Ormerod, Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS, Millwright, and all kinds of Engineeeing Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229.

ACME BOILER SCALER Dry Soluble Harmless Powder. Effectually removes, and prevents, the formation of In- crustation in Steam Boilers, however bad the Water may be. Used by Brewers. Dyers, Farmers, and large Steam Users. It does not affect the steam or cylin&rs. 20s. per cwt., in Kegs or Casks. Only one pound weight required for every 10 h.p. nominal per week. An influential Agent wanted for this district. HENRY BIBBY AND CO., CORNBROOK. MANCHESTER.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have In Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

pA TEN T OFF ICE, MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have had more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the cotton, woollen, and iron manufactares. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Pateot Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES. CE., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

MACHINERY, &c.—For immediate Sale, the following new and second-hand Machinery : - 251 boilers. 44 brick machines. 80 cranes, 48 drills, '719 gas and steam engines, 100 engims and boilers, 300 lathes, including brake and ornamental, 36 planers, 98 pumps, 50 punch- ing and shearing machines, 18 screwing, 26 shap- ing, 20 slotting machines, 130 woodworking tools, and over 600 lots of misaelleneous plant. Call at 100, Hounds- ditch. London ; or send two stamps for monthly register to box 525, BRITANNIA Co.. engineers' tool makers, Colchester.

AWARDED OVER 370 PRIZE MEDALS. BRADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY - APPitovEn LAUNDRY & DAIRY MACHINERY. COMPLETE OUTFITS FOR HAND AND STEAM POWER. Catalogues Free. Correspondence invited. THOMAS BRADFORD ct CO.. 130, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOO L; VICTORIA-AVENUE, MANCHESTER; Also SALFORD and LONDON.

EasEiturtteo, &r. THE SPECIAL SAFETIES, geared ordinaries and tricy- cles are fitted with all up to date improvements ; agents wanted, cash or easy terms no risk.—HARRY S. ROBERTS, Cycle Works. Dean hanger, Stony Stratford,Bucks.

fIYCLES 1 CYCLES 1 COVENTRY CROSS CYCLES of V Coventry are the best: all new patterns for 1893. Safeties geared ordinaries and tryeicles. The beet agency for this season. Agents wanted in all towns where not represented. —Apply Manche-ter Depot, WARMAN and HAZLEWOOD. LTD., 134, Deanskite, Manchester

CYCLE S, CYCLE S, 500 HIGH CLASS MACHINES. GREAT CLEARANCE SALE of Jennings and Co.'s. Stock Purchased by the Seddon pneumatic Tyre Company Limited to effect immediate clearance, 411 to be sold under Makers wholesale prices, exceptional chance to get a High Class Machine. Beeston Hurnb er, Singers, Rovers, Referee, Wenham, Stars, Raglans, King of Schorches. SEDDONS PNEUMATIC TYRE CO., LIMITED, 11, St. Mary's Gate, and 44, Deansgate, Manchester. (late Jennings.)

MASON'S CYCLE CO.. LTD. 71. RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. THE BEST MACHINES, WITH PNEUMATIC TYRES, FROM £ll us. EACH. REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. A. MASON. MANAGER. NOTE NEW ADDRESS.

SLADES GOOD VALUE CYCLES. BALL BEARINGS to all arts including head and pedals, finest quality, steel tube, diAmond frame, beautifully enamelled and lined. A written guarantee with every machine. PRICE { With latest pattern Pneumatic Tyres £l2 10s. With best quality cushion Tyres £9 ss. Made in Coventry, the home of geninue Cycles. Only address : SLADES. 73, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

HUMBER'S NEW SHOWROOMS. The world-famous Humber's House in Liverpool is now 73, Bold-street. Their Specialty for 1593 is a marvel of lightness and strength, fitted with the latest pattern tyres at £l2 15s. cash. To all purchasers of this Machine the Return Railway Fare from Warrington told neighbom hood allowed. 73. BOLD-STRIIRT, 73. LIVERPOOL.

THE OLD-ESTABLISHED BASSINETTE WAREHOUSE. Beware of spurious imitations. The best and cheapest Carriages in the town or district. (So connection with any other firm of the same name.) W. ASHTON, 74, Sankey-et., Warrington, manu- facturer of Bath Chairs, Bassinettes, Rustic Car- riages, Lc., of the best materials and workmanship, on the premises, under personal supervision. Well-finished Bassinettes from 255., warranted to run straight. Mail Carts, Tricycle Horses, Doll Carriages, &a Agent for Sewing Machines. Wringing and Washing Mac- hines. WORKS :—BEAMONT-STREET.

BELSIZE, WHITWORTH'S, TRENTS, REFEREES. HUMBHR and SYMYER, CRYPTO'S, COVENTRY CROSS, GROSVENORS, STARS, and maker of the celebrated HARDIE CYCLES. The largest Stock in the North to select from. Every machine warranted for 12 months. Cycles made and repaired on the premises. Solid- tyred Safeties converted into cushb ns from 30s. The trade supplied and agents appointed. CALL and SEE HARDIE'S HUMBER-PATTERN DIA- MOND FRAME 1893 (Dunlop or other Pneumatic Tyres) weight from 301b5., for £lO 108. Warranted for 12 months. Cycles supplied on the easy payment system. HARDIE, Cycle Factor, 80, Renshaw-st.. Liver- pool, and 288 and 29). Regent-road, Salford.

THE RUDGE LEADS ALL CYCLES. cOERF INGEHs sT N E ISSTRUNEGTICi CYCLE y, it MECHANICAL BEAUTY, Fully equipped it is the welther defying mount of the tourist ; stripped, the lightning cycle of the road races. Can be had on the easy payment system, or good terms for cash. Send for Price List free, and give your order at once to save delay, to the largest and oldest cycle firm In the world. RUDGE CYCLE CO., LTD. 101, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL

CYCLES! CYCLES ! ! IF' YOU WANT THE FASTEST MACHINES IN THE WORLD AND THE BIGGEST DISCOUNTS, OR ANYTHING IN THE CYCLE LINE, CALL ON THE BURTON CYCLE COMPANY, KNUTSFORD ROAD, WARRINGTON. A SPECIAL LEADING PNEUMATIC TYRED SAFETY Ell 108. This is a High-Class Machine, none of your Wolverhampton rubbish.

CYCLISTS. DON'T BUY RUBBISH with fancy names. and made of common metal or gas-piping: They are only made to look at, not to ride. Many have found this true, to their sorrow, and a lighter pocket during the 1 last season. Buy a Reliable Mount from the Manufacturer, made of the Best Weldless Steel, Guaranteed, you then SAVE AGENTS PROFIT And obtain the Extra Discount yourself. Send for List or Call and Inspect our Stock. Return Fare allowed lo Liverpool to Purchasers. Our Machines cannot be surpassed for Originality Excellence and Trus: worthiness, and can be had on our new GRADUAL PAYMENT SYSTEM. GRAND VALUE. DUNLOP PNEUMATIC DIAMOND FRAME SAFETY £ll 11S. O. QUADRANT CYCLE DEPOT, 69, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. •

D AMP W ALL S. ABSOLUTE CURE GUARANTEED. PRICES AND PARTICULARS FROM J. L. DUGUID AND Co., 28, CHAPEL-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Where "Model "damp-proof walls are on view.

6 6 KEATING'ti POWDER." This powder, so celebrated. is perfectly unrivalled in destroying BUGS, FLEAS, MOTHS, BEETLES, and all Insects (whilst perfectly harmless to all animal life). All woollens and furs should be well sprinkled with the Powder before placing away. It is invaluable to take to the Seaside. To avoid disappointment insist upon having " Keating's Powder." No ot her POwder is effectual. Sold only in tins, 6d., is., and 2s. 6d. Be ware of imitations. Don't be deceived.

WORMS IN CHILDREN, WORMS IN CHILDREN, are easily, surely, and with perfect safety got rid of by using R'EATING'S WORM TABLNTS. Nearly all children suffer from Worms. If suspected, do not wait; you can with ease cure the child (has no effect except on worms). Sold by all Chemists, in Tins Is. lid each.

Telephone: No. 55. &BERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers, to AucTtitf ROOMS—NO. 1 Rank Street ), Warring n. AGENT To—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Association Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boller Insurance Company, Limlted. Established 1864.

TO .BUILDERS. ESTATE AGENTS, FARMERS, Ac.GEORGE R. BRADY has been favoured with Instructions from Messrs, W. H. and H. C. Brown contractors, Stockport, to SELL by AUCTION, on FRIDAY, APRIL 14th, 1893, on the MARKET GROUND, CREWE, the whole of the valuable TIMBER, and other materials used in the construction of the large building known as Ohmy's Circus comprising 10,000 ft. of deals ranging from llin. by 3 in., to 6in. by 3in„ 950 ft. of deals 9in. by Ein., 30,000 ft. of deals 7in. by lin. planed and square jointed floor boards, 23,000 ft. of deals 7in. by lin, planed and tongued and graved floor boards, 1,100 yards of roofing felt a large quantity of wood brackets, iron bolts, nuts, hinges. As, The above will be taken down and sold in convenient lots to suit purchasers. The Auctioneer has every confidence in recommending the above Timber which is of excellent quality and new within the last few months. Sale at 12 o'clock prompt. Tor further particulars apply to the Auctioneer 69 St. Petersgate, Stockport.

SMITH'S PIANOS, 179, OXFORD-ROAD, MANCHESTER. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST HOUSE FOR HIRING PIANOS AND ORGANS. PIANOS, at 10s. 6d. monthly 1. TILL PAID ORGANS 58. , j FOR. Second-hand Instruments at lower rates. Delivered free on payment of first month's hire.

SMITH, has concluded arrangements for a regular supply of the justly celebrated PIANOS of the foremost House in all Germany. GOES AND KALLMANN, OF BERLIN, Who make (without doubt) the finest German Pisnos that come into Great Britain. "Reprove my allegation, if you can. Or else conclude my words effectual."—Shakespeare. Only two qualities will be kept in Stock—those most suited to English tastes, 35 and 40 Guineas, either of which may be obtained only at SMITH'S at One Guinea Monthly till paid for. 179 OXFORD ROAD, MANCHESTER.

SMITH'S AMERICAN ORGANS, From the Smallest to the Largest may be had at. SMITH'S from ss. and upwa^ds naonthly. 179 OXFORD ROAD. MANCHESTER.

SMITH'S PIANO, "THE MASTERPIECE." This Instrument is the embodiment of all that is good in quality, material, style, and finish, and is the Piano par excellence. SMITH refrains from saying anything more ast o the many virtues of this Instrument, but leaves the discrim- inating public to dilate further upon its merits. One Guinea monthly till paid for. Guaranteed ten years. If is is true that" Good wine steeds no bush,'; also true that" Good pianos need no push." Shakespeare and Smith—" As You Like It.'

S MITH'S NEW DEPARTMENT, Old mad New Violins, Harps, Guitars, Banjos, Flutes, Clarionets. Concertinas, Ac.. Ac., and all kinds of Strings aid Fittings. Any of these Instruments may be obtained on Smith's Hire Purchase System. 179, OXFORD ROAD, MANCHESTER.

OMIT H' "SCHOOL BOARD MODEL " PIANO, £22 CASH Seven octaves, newest design, full trichord, check action, iron frame. This instrument may be purchased on Smith's Equitable Hire System, at only 12s. 61. MONTHLY TILL PAID FOR. If you cannot pay so much monthly Smith will supply a Similar Piano, trichord, sticker action, at 10s. 6d. MONTHLY TILL PAID FOR. Write or send for price list (post free), or, what is better still, call on SMITH personally it possible. Make no mistake in the name or address, SMITH, 179, OXFORD-ROAD MANCHESTER.

FOUND AT LAST. The Place to get an Honest Piano at an Honest Price and on Easy Terms. SMITH'S 179, OXFORD-ROAD, MANCHESTER.

J. W. TEMPERLEY, MUSIC SELLER, 31, LOWLAND'S ROAD, RUNCORN. PIANOS, ORGANS, VIOLINS, &c. Timing and Repairs. All kinds of Fittings in Stock. Arrangements made for First-Class Orchestral Band and Pianists. PIANOS on Imo and on HIRE-PURCHASR.

GREAT CLEARANCE SALE of 200 PIANOS and 5 ) ORGANS at 50 per cent. BELOW COST at J. PARRY'S 18 to 24 DOWNING-ST., MANCHESTER. CABINET PIANO, in mahogany case, six octaves..., LI 2 Walnut Upright GRAND PIANO, by Collard 2 2 Rosewood Upright GRAND PIANO, by Collard Mahogany Upright GRAND PIANO, by Kirkman 5 0 Rosewood SEMI-GRAND PIANO, by Kirkman 8 10 Black and Gold COTTAGE PIANO, by Dallman 8 15 Rosewood COTTAGE PIANO, by Stodard 9 0 Overstrung PIANO, full trichord, extended ends and under dampers Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut COTTAGE PIANO, by Stodard Full Compass Iron Frame Rosewood, by Kirkman l6gs. Full Compass Iron Frame Black and Gold, by Brine mead lBgs. Full Compass Iron Frame Rosowood, by Broadwoed Full Compass Iron Frame Rosewood, by Collard and Col lard lBgs. Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut, by J. and J. Hopkinson Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut, overstrung, by Erard 24gs. Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut, overstrung, by Neumeyer Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut, by Hord, of Paris Large Chancel Organ, 0 sets, 18 stops,2 swells, cost 50gs 15gs, Piano and Organ buyers should not miss this rare opportunity,

pADEILEVVSKI says: "Play only on an Erard wherever obtainable. S. and P. ERARD. MAKERS to the QUE RN and ROYAL PAMILY. 18, GREAT MARLbOROUGH-ST.. REGENT-ST., W.

HENSHAW AND CO., 83, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER. PIANOS,with Iron Frames and Check Action,from 12s. 6d. monthly, TILL PAID FOR. ORGANS, Full Compass, with Knee Swell, from ss. 6d. monthly, TILL PAID FOE. HARMONIUMS, New Models. with Broad Reeds, from be. monthly, TILL PAID FOR. Second-hand Instruments at lower rates. Delivered Free on receipt of let month's hire. VIOLINS, Banjos, English Concertinas, Flutes, Pm, on Henshaw's new Easy Payment System. D"'T buy your Pianos or Organs at Renshaw's 83, Piccadilly, Manchester, if you can get them better and cheaper elsewhere. First-class tuners sent to all Parts.

iflarap. Lit)to £l,OOO ; interest £6 16s. per £IOL Prospectus free. South Lancashire Company, 27,BraLenn0se-ctr Manchester.

I:7500n At from 4 per cent., Trust and oth,e.i: V Moneya, to be advanced on Mortgage. 2." Vl* sums to suit borrowers, in any part of the country.—i• READER. 5, Cook-street. Liverpool.

MONEY. El Ito £5OO advanced on day of application, to all respect' able borrowers in town or country. on note of hancl.:" Apply personally, or by letter, 65, Greenway-road, Buncor.- HENRY DB KORTB.

.4j LADY HAVING CASH at her disposd, is open to Wake. 4Temporary Cash Advances of £3 and upwards. in 000 Science, to respectable house/ olders, who wish to avoic,:i; usual unpleasantness and routine of a loan office; no are asked for, and habitual borrowers need not aPP,'%,, Apply personally, or by letter, Mrs. AlonEwoon, 94, {lrian' road, Widnes.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANCED. op, S TRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO upward, BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now being lent annually. vs/13. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PA Accountant, 20, Kennedy-st., Manchester. ESTABLISHED 1870.

fj ONEY I MONEY! MONEY I No bondsmen reg IVI al° Money advanced on day of application from £3 to,,,erf. to householders, shopkeepers, clerks, farmers, and Interest low, repayments easy. No genuine applicatio fused. Distance no object. Apply personally (preferre!l), by letter to IMPERIAL LOAN. 60, NEW CROSS-STREET, ST. HELENS, (Private AND AT 7. LACEY-STREET. WIDNES (Private

WIDNES. WARRINGTON. IVIR. JOHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVAll....eggee, PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working.' and all respectable Hc useholders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STUCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. opTO. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR 117,,,iff, Without Bondsmen, without delay, without nubile en,400. on your simple written premise to pay back.—ApPl92,noe TORIA CHAMBERS (toot of the Central Station), Wl_liseee and in WARRINGTCN at my Residence, 1.34, On any Evening from 6 t 7. Applications from RLINCOTh— District generally receive precisely the same attention_..,. MONEY, MONEY, MOSE LOANS £5 TO £5OO. May be had on day of application. If it is inconvenient to call, all letters will have °lir prempt attention. ral°4 If you want to Start in Business. If you want to Yn-weiit your House. If you want to Pay your Debts. if yoUt Rene;gl to Increase your Stock. If you want to Pay your Repayments to suit Borrowers. Strictest priyacy No Bills of Sale. No Sureties. No Fines. No Loan Office routine.—Apply to R. N. WEBBER, 4 i"° au, 8, DIJRNING ROAD, off Wavertree EDGE HILL, LIVERPOOL. „,,Tlos' Near LONDON Bs NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY SA' ' MONEY LENT by a PRIVATE GENTLO • AT A FEW HOURS' NOTICE. UPON NOTE OF lIAND ALONE. Without Bank or Loan Office Routine, From £lO to £5.0.0. To LADIES, and GENTLEMEN, HOUSEHOLD.•-;ithoa. to PERSONS in receipt of a regular income or salarY%o AssiP sureties, UPON NOTE OF HAND ALONE, and 'eon°. persons into business ; also upon the security of lie? stot Life Annuities, Life Interests, Life Policies, „eci shares, in town or country, without removal, also ,r„obil' and life policies at 5 per cent. from one to 15 years. •N,°„rotirtir inquiries whatever, only a few hours' notice required as out all advances.—Apply personally or write to tb lender. W, STEWART, Esq. _hoot: 2, Cooper street Men% sao ALL COMMUNICATIONS STRICTLY PRIVATo, CONFIDENTIAL. Principal can remain at interest. fused. No seem Ries required. Na genuine application re fn, Having a large surplus capital at command, all aft., 1)0' ara granted cheaper than any other establishment cashire. NB—STRICT SECRECY OBSERYI_2I DENKETH. HOUSE, with garden ; also several c et a Apply Mr. ROBERT LOWE, estate agent, Mars Chambers, Warrington.

t Newtprr To LET. Bradley View, near Warg rave Schoo- _ud trsl/ _l. le-Willows ; a large family house, good aLso house, and about one acre of land.—ApPlY 2ar. Park-rd., Newton-le-Willo% a. rot., II-OUSE AND GARDEN TO LET, No. 4, Stlis,,,,burloor; 1 rent £25 Bs. per annum. Contain ' " s tvl"is,f01 kitchen. &c. • rive bedrooms, w.c and bath.—APP AND SON. Church-st., Warrington. lO ssi SO ,G.ree stable RANGE PARK PAM, ECCLESTON•m —• t $-„, R with immediate possession in whole or in Psritll fa,ar.ip of good grazing land, and 17 acres of arable land W house, barn; and farm buildings.—For further Pa* apply to Mr. HENRY CROSS, Solicitor, Prescot.

BOYDELL BROS., THE LEADING TAILORS. &re now and °h Ovlng a splendid selection of West of England s toteh Tweeds, Overooatings, &c., suitable for Autumn and Winter Seasons. 508. BUSINESS SUITS. } 50S. SUITS for the M OORS. An Endless Variety of TROUSERINGS 135., 16s. 6d., &c., &c. Special attention given to Evening Dress. Perfect Fit Guaranteed. 13.13. respectfully invite inspection. 37. BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. Also at INUNCTLESTER. LIVERPOOL. and ST lIKLENS. 1111 ONLY RELIABLE DISINFECTANT for Prevention of Smallpox, Fevers, &e..c.. is CALVERT'S xo ;_5 CARBOLIC ACID. This quality now adopted as the ":!!:4•NDARD DISINFECTANT by the Russian, German, uritish and Indian Governments. soid in Is. and Is. 6d. Bottles, 2s. 6d„ 4s. and 6s. 6d. Tins, "3' Most chemists , &c. P. C. CALVERT AND CO., MANCHESTER. awarded 60 Gold and Silver Medals and Diplomas.

COLLIER'S BREAD Is prepared from CAREFULLY SELECTED FLOUR, Produced from the PINEST CALIFORNIAN WHEAT, ealehilly made by Experienced Bakers, is ABSOLUTELY PURE, And delivered daily to all parts of Runcorn and District. Order s to be left at 6, Chuich-st. Largest Trade in Town. Over 2,400 Loaves sold every WALTER COLLIER, 6, CHURCH-STREET, RUNCORN.

DR. SCOTT'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS The Safest Medicine. bit• SCOTT'S 1 Cure Indigeation, and Wind. plus bit SCOTT'S PILLS Cure Nervous Depression. SCOTT'S DILLS _l,._ Restore the Appetite. ,PIL SCOTT'S piLLS 1, k_ Purify the Blood. *Scorn DILLS I sr A. Strengthen the Whole System. i. cors plus 1 The Best Family Medicine. -UR' SCOTT'S pins Mild but Effectual. COT' S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS. Nrn_ Are wrapped in a square green package. bearing the L0,1(7 of the proprietor, W. LAMBERT 173, Seymour Place. .------!.n. by post for 14 or 34 SLAMPS•

EASTER! EASTER! LIPTON'S. FOR lIAMS AND BACON THE FINEST IN THE WORLD. (-1 MILD VJURED• Tl, SPECIALLY SELECTED FOR THE ASTER HOLIDAYS AT ABOUT ()Rib HATT THE PRICES lv-it-OFa) bußoviiliiin. ANY QUANTITY CUT. 0eK,'",.7 Piece of lIA.M and BACON sold at LIP- ET, a guarantee Card is Riven. °J. Owtrantee Card :—" LIPTON'S MARKET. Qtl.4.g''aralltee this BACON or HAM the Finest, cut:- I,Y in itn respects. If not satisfactory, although TR_ will be exchanged, or money returned. TypS J. LIPTON." SECRET HOW LIPTON can sell Hams. and Cheaper thtn any competitor is BECAUSE he ,:u?'L.ines fof the largest Curers in the word. Customers a3,iront him save all middlemen's profts and get "c4_,APerier article. ASTER EGGS!! POR THE MILLION AT -AAORDINARY LOW riat-Es. THr. I P T 0 N. Pgov, 114ltST TEA COFFEE. AND .SI() TEA. COFFEE. THE WORLD. WART, )4A,,,,,"GTojti BaxtrollEs : mide-et ASMT 2s oldh-a.m---g and Friar's Gate. st.,--and Stretford-rd.. (Corner 0-IESTr OLntP -UNDFir, Cs.mhridge-st.) 47 NE-. 175, Stamford-st. 1:Ne„ • .lumps. ni4B IN ALL THE PRINCIPAL TOWNS ROUT THE KINGDOM.

SPECIAL OFFER. 12,00 A. LUSK AND CO.'S 18. TINS AT 7fd. PBS TIN. EXTRA QUALITY APRICOTS, 14.500 sPEciAL QUALITY 9d. TINS STEAK SALMON AT 7d. PER TIN. HENRY MILLING & CO, LTD. WARRINGTON.

CYCLES! CYCLES!! CYCLES!!! If you want a Good Relial,le Machine, buy the best make at the Ldwest Price. ' Excelsior,' • New Rapi(t,' 'Premier.' 'Sunbeam.' • Lion,' are the best. SOLE AGENT— JOSEPH S. GARLAND, SHOWROOMS, } inoNmoNoßn, WORKS, BRIDGE-STREET. WARRINGTON. WAREHOUSES. AND EARLESTOWN. LOWEST CASH PRICEi OR EASY PAYMENTS. SPECIAL HUMBER PATTERN DUNLOP, £l.O Us. RAILWAY FARE ALLOWED TO PURCHASERS.

SMOKED WILTSHIRE. FINEST SMOKED WILTSHIRE HAMS AND BACON, EXTRA QUALITY. AT VERY REASONABLE PRICES. T. CRAMPTON CHEESE FACTOR, 10. BRIDGE-STREET. WARRINGTON.

D f... IT IS A FACT. .. _.. , -z.,...- NOW fully hemonstrated after more than a century's experience, that 1 ~, •ST. JACOBS OIL CONQUERS PAIN. The saintly Monk and this wonderful Oil ; -I';' iii •iiii• 41 , , :qz-11 i are so closely associated that separation is 1 - -149 Is, . /1,\,, t.• ',: A ,',:11 i , .2A ‘ 1;,..; • 4•.; '; impossible. There is an old legend that comes to us from _ • ';',;'}.,:Vl • 1:14'. .-0—...... away back as far as the 16th century, that . I ~.,,,, ' // ,/,! '- , the monks of those days were wont to preach ,' I ‘/, ~, ~ ' to the people, as here illustrated, of the great —1- /11 , ',o:',a, - i virtue of ST. JACOBS OIL as it was then ' • iiit,f,,,, ) ( called. Whether this be true or not, there is . 1,: no doubt of its miraculous power to remove pain. After every other treatment for Rheu- (r • -'6".' ' --- matism has failed, ST. JACOBS OIL cures. ilirnr irrt illtli, p. 1 —.is.. o . .. _ .- After all hope has fled, . ST. JACOBS OIL BRINGS JOY •

WOODS' PATENT GALVANISED STEEL WIRE MATTRESSES; With French sad Persian Bedsteads complete. To be seen carrying ONE TON. 10 —B5-Irrenoh. other Wire Mattress to stand this Test It ,211-ek.„*,k, But Is zt ever re- Op le it4447.„1,0" (pared of a Mattress that tt should carry one ton? Certainly tippelswol•-' • not. Hitherto the ielamtrrieseleset:gia,airsist thbeene use of Wire stretched they stretched after a time, which was ' true. We give this severe test to prove that ours will not stretch. If they do within 5 years we will replace with new ones. To be had from THOMAS SUTTON, Sale Rooms Legh Street. THE LONGFORD WIRE Co. Limited WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1851. BIRKBECK BANK, Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, London. TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed on DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, on the minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lOO. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purchased and sold SAVINGS DEPARTMENT. For the encouragement of Thrilt the Bank recei yes small sums on deposit, and allows Interest monthly on each completed Ll. BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD AND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars. post free FRANCIS RANENSCROFT, Manager.

MANUFACTURERS OF DECORATIVE AND ART FURNITURE.

6 to S. R JOHNSON. , CABINET MAKERS 6UPHOLSTERERS IIIIMPSEINNISZ114"12it:ElrillAih1111111 r, -

TRADE ,"••• , 0 cn • 'ONCE • E 1 F:1 0 MOID 1 ." ' ,11, A MARK. Is the most genuine preparation ever manufactured for Calf Rearing. ANALYST'S REPORT. Feb. 28th. 1887. Society of Chemical Industry (Manchester Section). I have chemically , and microsocmically examined Messrs. Crosby and Sons " Cremoid " Calf Meal. I find it to contain albumininous substances which are necessary to build up the tissues of the animal system. The Meal also contains a considerable amount of oil, with carbo-hydrates, which tend to the production of fat- Nearly one-h di of the ash is made up of phosphate of lime (thiii. I need not say. is one of the chief constituents of bones.) From the examina- tion of this Meal, I eonsider it an admirable food for the fattening of calves, as the Meal contains all the elements for the building up of the flesh and bones of the animal body. (Signed.) a CARTER BELL, A.It.S.M., F.I.C. County Analyst. PRICE 18S. PER CWT. V)-OWT LOTS, 1 6s. 6. Carriage paid to any Station. CROSBY AND -'I ONS, CORN MILL, RUNCORN.

JUNO CYCLES. VEWS. _ _EST, TEEARSIA 4: ' ' 1 l:U. . .T POSTR A TED r 41:tju..N LISTS 0 lissi POSTo:gnff:::iyme. a. na.dd I,suor I,°l FREE.IO do nftag 0 TI:i1:: et:s. : . Juxto G. 0., Front THE .. Driver and improved -_ - Safety and Youth's /00. AO Tricycle passes 28in. /•-•-,....-7,,, e, „,,,, - door. Pnematic, Cush- -50 patterns. ---' - a' ' Second-hand Machines CASH DIS I 0 cYo & CARRIAGE PAID in immense var ety. Repairs. Estimates Free. METROPOLITAN MACHINISTS' CO., LTD., 75 and 73, Eishopegate Without, London, B.C. N.B.—Eery JUNO guaranteed.

W. GEE TAYLOR'S ECZEMA CURE At once stops irritation, and cures all SKIN DISEASES: Contains NO POISON. Does not Stain. Price is, 10. and 2s. 9d., or Postal Order Is. 3d. & 3s, from Sole Proprietor. Agents wanted. W. GEE TAYLOR, Chemist, HunZerford. Berks

COUGH, BRONCHITIS, CONSUMPTION, ASTHMA, DIARRIHEA. OR SPASMS, QUICKLY RELIEVED BY TOWLE'S CH L ORODYNE. 130. 28. 9d.. and 48. ed. BACH.

BY PATENT MACHINERY. ), ASTHMA AND BRONCHITIS CURED. THOUSANDS TESTIFY. THF: RIGHT HON. THE EARL OF SHANNON writes : —" Your remedy instantly relieves and cures Asthma and Bronchitis. I have „ recommended it to people in England as 4.; well as over here." Da. .LAWTOS, M.D. Middleton, writes:—" I have had repeated opportunities of seeing the action of Mr. Vaughan's prep.ration for Asthma and Bronchitis. I can bear testimony to its great value as a curative agent. I would strongly re- commend it to any person suffering from Asthmatic affec- tions.—M. LAWTON, M.D." For particulars write— D. VAUGHAN, LANGFORD TERRACE. CORK, IRELAND.

• E . lc it; Stop • , Annointing, Jf and apply to the spot that aches one of ALLoooics 321CD3EtC)11:313 PLASTERS Once applied, it acts continuously. Its special power to dilate the pores, penetrate deeply, stop pain. renders it the best remedy known. OF ALL CHEMISTS—BUT CET ALLCOCK'S.

SWIFT GOLD MEDAL HARRISON NITTER ....,-. KNITS Stmkings, Clothing in Wool, Silk, or Cotton. ..: ~.,. , Mehl 74. per Post. TRIUMPHANT A WARDst , pa, IS. The only WINNER to the WORLD of 6 Gold Medals. Also blakers of the SUN F saw I es. Stocklng It tbber. Branch Orfles, 77. Oxsoan Sr.. Lotroon —Tea iiAll anox 1C411,84 Bt4cauxic Co. WoL44, 48, UPPER BROOK ST., NANCUEBTER.

THE LADIES, TRUE FRIEND! A BOON TO WOMAN-KIND!! LADIES—read this, and you will obtain particulars of the mast MIRACULOUS MEDICINE for all Irregularities and Obstructions ever introduced to the Public. You may have tried Pills, Powders, useless recipes and other advertised so-called remedies, and all is rain. THOUSANDS OF Females have been relieved, Health restored, and DOCTO RS' BILLS SAVED by this Medicine, which is the only real and RELIABLE REMEDY of the Age. Perfectly harmless and WONDERFULLY EF- FECTUAL. Stamped addressed envelope for Price List and Copies of Testimonials, which are guaranteed genuine, under a Penalty of £l,OOO open to inspec- tion and investigation. This Remedy has been TRIED AND PROVED BY THOUSANDS. THE RICHEST REWARD OF MERIT IS CONTINUED POPULARITY. E.W. DASMAIL, walthamatow. (EST. um.) (Entered at Stationers' Hall).

CURE FiTs! AND TO PROVE IT 6 r will GIVE A BOTTLE of Illy Remedy for Nothing, so J_ that Sufferers may have an opportunity of testing the. truth of what I fearlessly state." Because others have failed to cure you is no reason why you should continue to suffer. Send at once for my TREATISE anol a FREE BOTTLE of medicine. : It costs you nothing for a trial, and IT WILL CURE Address: 191 r. 11. lb:. ttOfl, 28, Endsleigh Gardens, Euston Road, LONDON, N.W

THE BEST & CHEAPEST HORSE IN LIVERPOOL ~,.. Ilit - 1.,,r -: , 7 li'aP',4:fg.s=l;;;l::----ii:•;= -_-_,-1 t,.. ),.4 1 • p ',A ,-. ›- , v.,,,eg ,-' on), ------ * h • e ~ 101 '''' ,r4rA, 3 4 Pi. 0 ''' CL '-.------ '-'.-----= --:----------'l=a-----:J---- i-7.---;-7-iiii'l ---------.--? a'l- ° 4 kil 1a kA C RAN g & ' ;/ -11 NINO Signuaniumumortuumurantatifionann 1 , Ijl iii a. i 1 , .„'----- -- i-- --- --- —-- ----J in -7—'---i' i, 1, , . SON'S.:,,[, ilo -,- . i'li111:10111;9:;11;.:1111'inaalilli ...LFRi................_......_0M Lir s'. I'MAIRM:PAC:NIU'n,, M'll,ll7.....FF:iiiil 1'...1.11.113: _47:, wahlitlilllollolool4_4l6llll -----* - iilli-i---.-.="----s------- -----=------ -- ----'---"'"--.------' t„r PRE.SER /,.?liC Co T H Es. .4 r iv,1:4,•„,,,5,_A,.__1_.__...,___ ,_?_..__,;_l.-_-..,f1 ~ ~,,,..,-(,:!tajii. 1 ulfig 1) 1 \ ~ civ -‘,.._____:-.;,;:,:_, -z-,w_,.",..1 • 4t., - I..t'lAl'i \,411‘4,41-‘ HANDSOIdI73 CLOCKS ett.: WATCHES !:..._;'!'lli. BONUS TO BE BVEN BURINS 1893 TO VERS.' PF VENUS EUP .. . Anyone il am one of posseiming a " Venus " Clock or Watell 0 Or trrauted to keep correct tone) run obt.r.t one frne of enst hy heialiag tn Messrs. Joseph Irot,,on. ond Sons. ---) Whitehall iSoap Work,. Leeds, their fall 71(111te ) s • I „ /."'„4.1- - '''N address and VENUS SO4P IVICAPPEIiS as folio f '''''''"N For 120 Wrappers Timeple:e k No 1 a;11.<1:2-‘14'1) )1 For 200 Wrapper; Timeeie-ee No. 2. 6-in. Dial' :ill b: 1 .14.(1/4,.,S.L1)). For 350 Wravers' Timenieca No. 3 43 1, '',/ For 400 Wrappers, a' Gentlemen's ( HandsoMe , Wt:tch will eye smeennt", ''..." -,...-, Keyless I Watch will be sent - ' IN THE Glill HIFI', OF THE Lownr -e/rvis. * * * .4.: •,. • - ~ 4.• * ~,, , THE STATUE, "VENUS DE MILO" For 25 Mfrs.! .a picture of this beautiful statute will bo soot to any address. Size it-in. ' For CO Vl____ll_p___•aners, a similar picture, handsomely framed, will be sent.

A GIOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and " reduced to a more simple form. Take somm good compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious com- partments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Oboover. cocKLES FREE FROM MERCURY. ANTIBILIouS OP PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. PILieLS • FOR BILE. LIVER, ADIDiTv, INDIGESTION, &c.

PURE IRISH LINE - IRISH LINEN IRISH CAMBRIC Ii POCKET HANDKERCHIEFS Guaranteed all pure flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. HemstitcheAl 2/11 per dozen. IRISH size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handke r rchiefs, beoLlll. IRISH LINEN - fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. IRISH LINEN Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars, 5/6 per dozen made special to pattern, 6/8 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9. 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yards square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 41d. per yard. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yard SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH DRESS LINENS) FOR SUMMER AND EVENING WEAR. ED all Pure Wool.. Unsurpassed for strength, Durability, IRISH LINEN IRISH TWE and Style. Please say if for Ladies' or Gents' wear. IRISH LINEN Patterns Free kv Return of Post. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. G. R. HUTTON & CO., LARNE, BELFAST.

vENoyA T EA, ____,,,_\,\\\ „,, >----c %.*\ \\A 1/8, 2/ Supreme in Quality, -- --00 ‘,„l. \ Unique in Flavour. , ~ -___ , • , 'k ,;-:-.-------.-'- ------ ~, Tull lh at tu, ' - ,-..-,„ ,c ' r --' ; k t ..ric kr4 -,00,', ' , ' i `\ \‘,"',`, -.- - -• ' • ,„%,---. "' ' ~.. ,-..--..;0"`,1'6'N ,\* 0 ',....:, ,$\‘,„*,,,,,>,\ '', ' \,, \ , , ~- . ...„...„--,....../.....,- , \> ~, • ~.- t.,,,,,, , \':j.', c ,s„ ' ~,, 4, _ ~,,,,,,,-c- --„,,..a, , v , ... , - • \ //to ~..--0-0‘ 0, , ,• , ':._de -",:-4-....- ~"1.- ..\' \ ‘A, \ , \ \ \-, t - , ,-- ..,, w5.-_.... ~,,, -1. ~....-V - .-c.At,t, •Opiiktf.:,- \,‘ ,‘, ‘' \ \'.... ( --A.."-i- ~,,,,‘\lVl ', N 4,.. ; ...rt., '4., , ii. ?: .."•!--.•,-- X.?, _.--'=" y•-• , . -2.---. X ~,,r,••.: \' %\ ~ em 6, v., 1, -40,0,;,,00,0_,,./.7.7;,,,,,v, -44 il ',..';',-, '-- ''';' fk k. `,..• V'''. -:„."---/.. ;, ..---f:--% ' s,, lki: 'l'V; .i.•,,,,`; •••*t • ...-f,-„L„c, ;;; ~, ~,, e-,-; A ~,,...e.,..„--.....- ~, 7,..,:,,,___ ..._ ~,‘...\ ,\,,k, , NO, N ...o . 1,,0•q<1 s`Ni' ,'4' ,' -,rce:; .‘'1,,,,,,,,„.;/•*•• ' . ~. --e -X- ' ;4'----='- ' 't'k, k* ''‘' ' -,,,._,4/, 'O/, AO, ~. ,-• ~)* 1-• F. , • ;').;,---•:,,' 5--' \ \ 1, \ "Ny \,,\ '' ' ' .'' ' s', ' , Sold by `,\ 'i.r'\.,, ri V:, ');77:,,,,A7,,,,,,, , j,„••••:W.„*„''',:wr_-.- tbe leading \ , , t, , , _. , ~,, \ \ '', A Rest for the tired, \ \ - GRocER \ \ 4, //,,,,,4 ""/", - ~,,-,--,..e„„:;4:- ------ A Joy for the Strong. district \/ El: IN TINS A IN PACKETS. ~...y L isIOYA T EA. EVERYBODY CAN GET IT FROM:— A. E. A. SMITH— BOWDON...HOUSEHOLD STORES SUTTON OAK BLAIR AND Co. Buttermarket-street (corner of CO., Oxford-Rd. ST. HELENS M. BOHAN. Academy-street) ; 41, Win wick-st. ; CROFT ...JAMES UNSWORTII, JUN. TILT ON J. WILLETT. and 57,Bewserst.,W A RRINGTON ; i EARLESTCM N T. MOLYNEUX. TATTENHALL G. MORGAN 31, Mersey-road, WIDNES; AND GARSTON A. E. A. SMITH. TRANMERE...M. A. BURGESS & 36, Marker-st , EARLES'TOWN. MIDDLEWICH W. RIMSEY, CO., 28, Church-Rd. ACTON BRIDGE ...A. C. MOULTON I MARPLE W. BRADBURY. WIDNES R. WEBSTER BETTESEIELD, Near Whitchtirch ROCK FERRY...W. HOPKINSON, WIGAN H. LITEIERLAND. J. L. HUXLEY. 96, 98, Bedfmd-Rd. LIVERPOOL ... GENERAL SUPPLY ASSOCIATION, 17, COLQUIT'T-STREET. List of Local Agents now completing, and will be published here regularly. Applications for the few remaining vacancies to be addressed to the Proprietors of' VENOYA " TEA, 19 and 20, Camomile-street, London, E.C. Only one Agent, who must be a leading Grocer, will be appointed for each neighbourhood.

HOLLOWAY'S PILLS & OINTMENT Are acknowledged by all to be The Best Medicines for Family Use:.

MANUFACTURED ONLY AT 73, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON.AiIias And Sold by all Oledirinc rtodurs throughout the World. Advice Gratis, at the above udditss, daily, between the hours of 11 and 4, or by letter.

trrbinan SOOTHING POWDERS, FOR CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH IN USE OVER FIFTY YEARS.

"JOHN STEEDMAN, CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY." is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

. ,-,T-rtri,,,-', .4_,T.Fairi kirdi,,ifrrtalidka, oitfri,`,i7. . 1- 74--1-\\ 0 Ici. 1 :•,;: .7, • ; rtv•--\ -V in •,..."---r—,et- i ..1,_11,1 • . i •-.9'.:)Ace's 1 N4',, ..,..' \`, t:,‘ V! I ..ud ' • -, , ..v,,,\ ... .4• ._ Ai:- 41 4f4 ~ : ~, -. c...„ , ti:- \ P.-I • -^ • --111°J.( • .417,,4----m•---7, e. -‘).-c-i-.." A lit ‘, •• / , /'''pv: ' - . Ist•t'S , , ~c.•••-,......,..• t , `•;•'' /// t ' ,e,,J .) i. \ \ I I .4, vogkop:cior4 yeiww. • / ,s'i fl ',\ '‘ . \„4:1/ ) ---1- ///' ' '' '''''''' \'.. ", .: I ''',...•r 4. , //itr'';• ''''.' ..'. • ,-t` Zt:Ci"...'"" '.. --2 A '' 4•%;,..411 -4. i' "''z- , / VC----- /1 , --...--- /kV .' • :,' •- - = ... •z. - • -...-." a t . .........-.44 , 4_,..],, ...,........--.7. • ol_fl '0 / i • 0= i'--" • %.* ••••••• 4. -.- . ....- . • "al /itli , .....• • • : .-.,- ~,,,--1...r • • ..Paib •r ~ •• r • ...... ..' .. . - B - Ir c ....0... • .. . • • ..-- t --ii • •IN • .... . • --, ‘ •- • 7 • : ..." it.- ';'.)-(I•I' - .1,•tai.,., so.-- 44- .‹,-, 4- __....

THE EMPIRE TEA CO's • NOTED TEAS . AT2/ 9 / 6 • if". PER ,-, -,,2, 2/4, 2/6, & z/16 LB. WE GIVE ONE CHEQUE, OR VALUE 3n. WITH EACH QUARTER-POWND TEA. Purchasers or Cheque Holders have a costly and varied Stock of armful and ornamental Articles to choose from. tO Sheets, Tabled: the, Towels, Av. .4 kitchen and Parlour Rugs, P 4 0 PI g Door mats all sorts, 0 H &0 " Z Floor and Table Oilcloths, Z Z 0 1 .4 gl Ironware in great variety, ed Z w ° V, Briskets, Brushes, &co 0 co tig eatery all sorts, 6 rn • b China, and Earthenware. Toilet Sets, Trinket Sets, C " 0 0 w Lamps a large assortment, Z al Glassware all sorts, Vases and other ornaments in jr. eat variety. Culinary articles too varied to enumerate. THE EMPIRE TEA COMPANY, 16, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

ONE POUND out of every Thirty Pounds of Tea consumed in Greatßritain is sold by BROOKE, BOND & CO.. LI MI UED. Try to realise that startling truth. Think at the millions and masses of mem, women and children in our teeming land and then remember that Brooke, Bond's supply one out of every thirty in those myriads with Tea. That fact lathe beet proof of value. FOR TWENTY YEARS we have sold far more tea i in Lance- futire and Yorkshire than any other firm. WE DO NOT PEAR competition and we court comparison, for our position is impregnable. VIMY BECAUSE we buy for'• cash "and sell tor '• cash " many millions of pounds of Tea every year; so we can sell and do sell every pound for the smallest profit. Moreov r, we deal in TEA ONLY. It is plain indeed that a firm which devotes al its time and attention to Tea oniy,and whose reputation depends on Tea alone, mustgive the Public the best possible value in Tea. WE EMPLOY the highest possible Experts, whose sole duties are severally to buy, to blend. and to sell Tea especisAly to suit the Public Taste, which we have anxiously studied day after day for two and twenty years. WE ASK you al-o to realise that our gigantic business has been so long established, our trade is so vast, our reputation is so high, and we have altogether so much at stake that we are thus bound by the best end surest of all guarantees to do the utmost possible for the Public and for you. WILL YOU now try the Tea itself? Will you compare it and its price ? OUR TEA is soldim One-pound. Half-pound, and Quaater- pound Packets. Every packet Is prepared and sealed by us at our own Warehoused in London, Manchester, or Leeds, and It bears our Signature and celebrated Trade Mark of the double-triangle or-six-pointed star. Thus is every packet guaranteed to be genuine. OUR AGENTS draw their supplies constantly from us, and they sell exactly the same fea and at exactly the same price as our celebrated warehouses. Half-a-pound will cost you only 6d., 7d.. ad., 1.0e1., is,, la. 20., or Is. 4d. WE ARE GLAD to receive applications for Agencies In this District from energetic tradespeople. Selling our Tea is already a regular annuity to thousands of enterprising men and women. Brooke, Bond's lea in an Agent's Window is regarded by the Ptdalie as a guarantee that the other articles are also good, and colt helps to sell them and otten pays the shop rent. BROOKE, BOND AN D CO. LIMITED,. 27.. PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER, AND L EEDS, BRADFORD AND LONDON.

THE NEW , PEOPLE'S PALACE Adjoining the Railway Station, St. Helens, will be opened on EASTER MONDAY, APRIL 3nn, 1893.

SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC. It is intended to make The Palace" the leading. place of entertainment for the Borough of St. Helens, the towns of Prescot and Earlestown, and the vari. ous surrounding Districts. Nothing, will be done to offend individuals; whether eminent or obscure, any sect or creed, or any politioal or social party. It will be conducted on lines of modern progressive elevation : so pure, so clean and so attractive that man, woman and child alike shall find perfect enjoy- ment with perfect security. It alma at being, in short, a PALACE OF DELIGHT.

On the opening night at 7.33, " Got save the Quen " will be rendered by the ORPHEUS GLEE UNION, Of the, Liverpocl and Manchester COncerts.

The following "Star '' programme will be in force, during the week. Expensive engar.ement and first fippearanee iii St. Helens of MADAM& r ARO'S TROUPE OF MALE AND F MALT! ACROBATS, Direct from the Continent.

GOLDING AND GOLDING, The inimitable Irish and Dutch Vontlists and disable Tyrolean entertainers. Th,ir show is brim full of talent, and in their line of business they stand alone. "Vas dat so ?" " Yar, dat vas to l"

The merry little Maiden, Miss RHODA RYMER, ma little Serb o and Ballad Vocalist; hear her sing " hock aby Baby," 'Thin Pig went to Market," Sm.

SIGNOR PRIMARY'S NIES M ERIC HORSE, FROM THE PARIS EXHIBITION AND THE ROYAL AQUARIUM, LONDON. The greatest living curiosity iu the World. The Mesmeric metaphysical marvel. The PROFESSOR demonstrates the SCIENCE OP HYPNOTISM on his HORSE b. ocular experi- ments, therehy puzzling Use medical fraternity, bewildering the scientists, aort astonieiiing every- body. The toot interestimg and mystifying subject now before the public.

Special booking regardless of cost, of MALE. MARIE DR SIMENCOURT, Operatic Soprano, and Ballad Vocalist. Late of Arthun Rousbey's and I. W. Turnei's Opera Companies.

T. B. FAY ME REFINED AND NCO FNTRIC DIALECT AND CHARACTER COMEDIAN AND ACTOR- VOCALIST. Latest Successes : ' His funeral passes our house this morning' • The Village Rake,' • Bench and Bar," Still the bells chime on,' ' I've a good idea where to go to," The broken TOIV,' Something that's Euglish.! .

FIRtST APPEARANCE OF THE SISTOS ELY

A • MISS LOUIE D'A.LBERT. THE RENOWNED VOCALIST AND DANCER, REFINED BALLAD AND DESCRIPTIVE GEAR- AOTEE VOCALIST.

THE ASHLEY TROUPE OF GROTESQUE SKATERS: A PANTOMIME IN THNMSELVES.

PEOPLE'S POPULAR PRICES. PIT. 4d. BALCONY AND PROMENADE, 6d. FAMILY CIRCLE AND ORCHESTRA STALLS, is. PRIVATE BOXES CAN ALSO BE BOOKED. SINGLE TICKETS 2e. and 3s. BACH.

TEEVH. TEETH.. TEETO TEETH: PARRINSONS'S TEETH are, at the Pile& UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The Public ; TEETH. may rest assured that these statements ars 1 based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, and perhaps Os best guarantee of this to Intending patients TEETH... that Is J. H. PARKINSON has one the Large.. Dental Practices in England, the outcome ° TEETH... employing the BEST LABOUR, using i BEST' MATERIALS obtainable, and ehargl°o , TEETH_ the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. , Any set made, or any work done by him, rrEETB. not giving: ABSOLIPtE SATISFACTION Every Detail will he immediately cerrected4 : 1 rr an ENTIRE NEW SET made FREE C ' i nr,„,, '";42-2.'• CHARGE. ' -s- ~...,....TIT These conditions insure the public's satisfs° TE, N. tlon and, reconsmendation, exemplified bi 2' ' sets having been inserted for isat,i,mts during ~ TEETH., one year only, directly and indirectly throf!gp i the voluntary, persuasion and recornmendetl°,s TEETH. of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any or all 0 ', . these patients, names and addresses, for t.e:et. TEETH. renoe, will be given to any would-be PatiWie personally applying for them. These, At -11- thousands in the past, each recommending tbv: ,TEETn. friends, spfxtic volumes for Mr. Parkinsoo. lumen, His uousnally Large Dental Establishinetto*"' adapted for- the CGMFORT of Patients. , TEETH. NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELOOidolo FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily from 9 t° ~,,, and 2to 6. rII'BET Fr• ABSOLUTELY PAINIASS EXTRACTIO/1, Ise., as hitherto, by the aid of his own 1r°„0-, 1 TEETH. LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which flea-fr f liquefies for sale to dentists nearly 10,000 trio, TEETH. lona weekly. Patients, have, therefore, in ' speciality also the benefit of his experieo4o- - CLOSED ALL DAY ON FRIDAY" J. -- J. H. PARKINSON, TEETH. Dentist by Examination, 46, MOSLEY-STII Riff, MANCIIIISTgIt,. WARRINGTON ON WEDNESDAYS, at Miss Charles - Ladies' Outfitter, Sankey-st., from 2 to 5 Pan. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Huglses, (late 1/91 Parson's), Confectioner, Bridge-Rt., from 2 to 6. NORTHWICH. on FRIDAYS. at Miss Gitoon's. I:. Castle- • from lar 11 to 5. ,g,)
