===== 0002601_18930610_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR Tills SEASON! 145" st,ook will be found replete with Liadlng Novelties in

SUITINGS, COATINGS, 'ln WATSRIIINGS AND COVER COATINGS, llonirla,ble for business or best wear, in the Leading West of '41141. Scotch, Irish, and Welsh 110 Met , In ord p ins, aid Serges. to cona er to meet the convenience of Gentlemen Ant able Paha e t 0 be measured, I shall be pleased to forward rue or personally wait upon them.

S. COVENTRY, 4, HIGH STREET, RUNCORN.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•1

===== 0002601_18930610_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
THEATRE ROYAL AND OPERA HOUSE, ST. HELENS. Sole Proptletor and Manager (alsa Lessee of 9 heatre Leicester) Mr. WALLACE REVELL. Acting Manager and Treusurer ... Mr. ARTHUR HORNER.

111 ONDAY, JUNE 12rn, 1893. 1 And Every Evening during the week. D'OYLY CARTE'S OPERA CO. From the Savoy Theatre, London In the New, OriginA. end Enormotely twee:slut LICIIIr OPERA In three sets entitled— ' HADDON HALL.

Written by SYDNEY GRUNDY. Composed by ARTHUR SULLIVAN NOTICE. During the visit of Mr. R. D'OYLY CARTE'S COMIC OPERA COMPANY the PRICE'S of ADMIt SION NMI be from 7-15 cielocti (Saturday 6-45) :

Private Boxes, £2 25. and El IQ. ; Mess Circle. 3s. ; Orches- tra Stalls, 2s. : Upper Cire:e, lc. 6d. ; Entire Pit, Is.; AmpLitheatre, '3 t. ; ed. EARLY DOOM :—Opon at 6 45, (Sxturdas 6.15 o'clock), 3& extra to Gallery an.l Amphitheatre, Sh 4 6d. ext, s to other part e or Theatre,

===== 0002601_18930610_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
ANY LUNGTH CUT.

PARCELS PAID.

_ (-1 GENUINE SCOTCH TWEEDS. Buy direct and save all Intermediate Profits. MONESTX.—Not a trace of SIFOODY or Trickery in our Goods. Unequal for wear. SUITS. •SX., made to measure. SELF-MEASUREMENT FORMS sent with Patterns. FULL 'TRIMMINGS sold to match any Suits, etc. BOX OF PATTSIINS (nearly 400). containing all the latest Novelties and Mixtures for UnAIT.'S SlilTS, JAC. LAMES' DRESSES, Cosrumrs, ETC., sent POST FF,T; on application to CLARK BROS.. SCOTCH 'INTER!) NANCFACITSFMS, (14.140111EL5. (Please mention Oils paper.) •

Obipping flottres.

IGRATION. - TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD. Intending emigrants to New York, Boston, Pl,llndel;.,,la, Sam Fransisoo, Canada, China, Japan, Australia, or Da-1:,. Zealand, should take tickets (lowest rate 11 atthe 'Examiner Office, Warrington, by °MON. AMELICAN, AUSTRA- LIAN, ORIENTAL, and other lines. JOHN WALKER, AORNT, ''EXAMINER" -.)PFICY ntiway-sT., W+III2I.NO9ON.

Bdperewt.

kjiIEAP kjOAL. BANK QUAY COAL DEPOT T. HALTON & COAL MERCHANTS, FACTORY LINE COAL YARD, WARRINGTON.

8d per cwt.

IGdprowt.

10d prewt.

Iien.—WINTER PRICES. IMMEDIATE DELIVERY,

===== 0002601_18930610_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
GRADY'S

MANITIACII.IIIEB9

TRAVELLING REQUISITES.

GLADSTONE BAG (CO 4' HIDE) from 365. ed. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS from 24e. Od. 39, DALH-ST., AND 8, PARKER-ST LIVERPOOL.

UNSWORTII'S

SPRING SHOW.

TAILORING. MIMES DISPLA.T OW

111110101 SUITING,. TROUSZEINGS,

AID 00VB1il COATINGS BRIT GOODS. LOWAST PRICSS.

HATS AND CAPS, VW/MD CAM CIIIIITTI AND DIST MAKIN. NOTIE AND GIRLS CAPS. ALL NEW GOODS Al' LOWIST PRIORS.

OUTFITTING. PAINT 311111111, WHITI MIMS, NosigeT, AlMElell IND BEST MAKES). TINS. °LOINS, NUM! QOODS. LOWE!? PRIMO.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
UNSWORTR BROS.

Psi TWENTY TEAS, HAVE SEEP EINOWN Al TEI LIADII4I2. ROMPS vox MT GOODS AT L0W1127 MOBIL 24, all, 47, a 4C 114111-11 TIM, 7101100111.

THE HUMAN HAIR. IF YOUR HAIR IS FALLING OFF. Conon% S. TAYLOR, or Use His lienowne4 Preparations, CANTHARIDES EXTRACT nn 4 POMADE, which are CERTAIN RESTORE/ISO( the HAIR.

TAYLOR'S SEDATIVE AND NUTRITIVE CREAM infallible fnr perfectly Relieving the Skin front Irritation and Freeing the Hair from Scurf. Prepared only by S. TAYLOR. HAIRDRESSER AND PERFUMER, 26 AND 28. KING-STREET. MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
WILLIAMS AND CO.

THE NEW (TO ORDER ONLY) CASH TAILORS. WARE NOW SHOWING ALL NEW GOODS FOR SPRING AND SUMMER WEAR.

THR 50/- SUIT

IN ALL TIES NEW GREYS, SHIMS. Ac -

THH 63/- SUIT.

IN CASHMERE, LLAMA. STUMM dc. TUB 30/- SP R N.l OVERCOAT.

- IN ALL SHADES. --- - TROUSERS 13/- AND 16/6 See our Windows this week at ROYAL EXCHANGE CORNER, ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

DA MP W A L L S.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
ABSOLUTiI CURE GUARANTEED.

PRICKS AND PARTICULARS FROM J. L. DUGUID AND CO., 28. CHAPRL-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Where" Model "damp-proof walls ere on view.

TIOCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCArION. 11.,

HOOFING COUOII

===== 0002601_18930610_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
DOPING COUQIJ

IF

The celebrated ei

cure wt/out in ternal

medicine.

HOOFING COUGH Of all Chemists price HoOPING COUGH 4.. per b.itile. Sole Wholesale Agent; W. EDWAPPS & SON. BRONCHITIS 157. Queen Victoria Street London.

CROUP

ROCHE'S II ERB AL EMBROCATION.

HOME MADE MARMALADE.

A DELICACY IN EVERY HOUSEHOLD. COLLINGE'S SEVILLE ORANGE MARMALADE.

BOLD BY ALL OROOEItS,-WORKS : BAELBSTOWN.

ME

I

I

===== 0002601_18930610_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
TIT-BITS.'

10 News has been received of the death tl ,-; v. B. Delany, an Irish priest, who a quart , ft, zen- tury ago accompanied, as chaplain, the nvice ship that carried John Boyle O'Reilly And othev Fenian prisoners.to Western Australia, then a peal colony. FAther_petatiy..satledin _Western A.ustralia, and w,as.iti receipt of an Truperkii pension of £5O. ...

;he R a C

H. story mentions numerous women who have endeavoured, with greater or less success, to ~ change the colour of their hair. Mary, Queen of Seete—ii, art ---riavrrallyr magnificently glossy black, Z-,---; hair, but, aftEt`the historic voyage:lrani -Calais, eie. evfirzeeas to 'ecitLiid; and her reeeption by the 4-he-typeeeriter.eirtereatieeL...e. —.._ _ aandy-eaired Scotch, she sought to give an auburn the coloniee. The Minister -of Justice at Sydney hue to her tresses—possibly from an aesthetic desire has appointed a staff of tyye-writers to take down ti be in harmony with her envirournent. Unhappy the evidence in eteeeet heard by the stipendiary tlarieAntoinette discovered a Frenchman who had _: naagistrates of that metropolis. He declares that compounded a powder having the quality of givini. "'an expert type-writer not Only keeps nearer than to the hair the rich dark-brown characteristic o the penman to the ordinary,speed of human speech, the madonnas painted by many of the old masters. but, what ie more important still, produces al far At one time, in the heyday of the Roman empire, the wea thiest and mostfashionable of the patrician , more legible and satisfactory record.'. dames ate certain herbs, and took a complicated .. ---- . ;- Mr. Raymond Blathwavt, who abandoned the course of medicinal Laths, with the object .of ',Church for journalism, and specialise,d himself as an lightening the shade of their abundant Patrician Interviewer, is about to :extend his career into the . hair. • A similar attempt is record, d of Arabian lecture field. He has prepared a. limelight lecture beauties of the Lime of the Caliph Omar. ~ on celebrities at home, for which the illustrations 1 hive been drawn by Frederick Villiers, Phil May, and other 11-known artists. The excellency and novelty of the idea and Mr. Blathwayt's strong eletir voice and easy manner will probably insure to his venture great success.

11T I

, Sir Robert Gresley, of Drakelow Hall, viho was married on Wednesday to the late Duke cf Marl- borough's eldest daughter, was a pleasa4 looking bridegroom, tall and slight, and only eight and twenty. He has been a baronet for no fewer than &ix and twenty years. Drakelow is on old place on low ground close to Burton-on-Trent. Its black oaken staircase gives its interior a peculiar charm. The feature of the house is the collection of china which is displayed in the oaken glass-faced cup- boards that line the gallery.

Sir Charles Todd first heard the round of Bow Bells in 1826, and soon after attaining his majority he secured a post at Greenwich Observatory. Seven years later he was in charge of the Gal vanic.lle- partment of the Royal Observatory, which shows that he must have been a smart young man. So the Colonial Office must have thought, for they sent him out to South Australia as Government Astrono- mer and Superintendent of Telegraph. His great monumental feat out there has been the construc- tion of the overland telegraph line across the Australian Continent.

On the 20th instant is announced to appear in volume from " Le Docteur Pascal," by Emile Za This is the tu entieth and last of that remarkable series, " Les Reugon Macquart," the series which in- cludes such masterpieces as " L'Assommoir," " Nana,' and "Le Reve. Zola's scheme of depict- ing the fortunes of a family through all its branches was not a novel one. Balzac, in his "Cometie liumaine," utilises the same idea, but it Ltpretty certain that no previous. writer has ever presented' so many phases of life, in the form of fiction, as l. nla.

As far as the mere matter is concerned, most of his works would make three of the ordinary French isovels. In addition to the " Bougon-Macquart series, he has written numerous other volumes ot tales and essays,and yet he is but fifty-three years of age. bving been born in 1840. He was a singular failure in early life, and was plucked in his BA. t exam. He was at one time an employee of Hachette et Cie, the pttlishers, and it was here he submitted his first M.S7(a poem) to the head of the firm. The kind!): encouragement and advice he re- ceived from Georgbs Ilachette, bad, no doubt, a j bent ficial influence °dial& after career.

It is natural that the general should be well acquainted with the demeanor of thd Primate on important occasions, but it is interesting !-€) know that when he is in residence at Addington, his ecclesiastical life is pre-eminently simple and unostentatious. His family pew in Addington Parish Church is an ordinary hard-backed bench, innoc, at of mat, or chshion. Should his grace happen to reach the church a little late—an inci- dent which, it must be confessed, occasionally chances—he will even not trouble to disturb the general body of worshippers, but will sit down atnengst the villagers near the door,

There is an item in the lateA news from the Anti- podes that will delight Sir. Labouchere and the Radicals whp abominate ceremonious Parliamen- tary offices. In pursuance of the policy of rot:.each- went, the Victorian Goyernment has decidea to abolish the offices of Usher of the Black Rod and serjeant-a!-arms. This is the practical effect of the decision, but in order not to give the British Con- stitution too sudden and Severe a shock, the Prime Minister gently broke the news by intimating that these offices " will no longer exist for the discharge. of purely ceremonious functions,but will have other and more prosaic duties attached to them."

Australia gets two knights this deal—Sir John Madden and Sir Charles Todd, an Irishman and it Londoner. The former first saw the light in what the "Times" loves to call •• Rebel Cork," but in his boyhood he eccompanied his parents to the Anti- podes. The family settled near Melbourne, and in Sr. Patrick's College of that city the new knight eGrameneed his education, proceeding to the Mel- bowne University, where he carried all before him and became its first L L.D. Dr. Madden was returned to the Victorian Parliament by the largely birh constitueney of West Bourke, and he held office in two Governments as Minister of Justice. But he threw up politics ten years ago, and built up a big practice of the Melbourne Bar. Early this yesr he was chosen to succeed the late Chief Jus- tice Ifigginbwham.

A diversion was caused during question time ih the llonse'of Commons on Monday by the entrance into the Distinguished Strangers' Gallery of a trio of gorgeous Chinamen, attired in sky blue robes, with black caps decorated with crimson tassels and but- tons. They were all spectacled. Two of them w.-re grizzled mandarins, and between this elderly pair sat a younger Mongolian aristocrat. A ripple of amusement passed round the chamber as this young Chinaman eagerly protruded his hand be- yond the gallery and pointed out Mr. Gladstone to his companions. The latter were either short- sighted, or some obstacle interposed between them and the Prime Minister, for animated queries were addressed by thrm to their young friend, who ges- ticulated vigorously in the direction of the.Trea- : sury bench. At last Mr. Gladstone rose to speak, and then the pantomime in the Distinguis%ed Strangers' Gath,ry abruptly terminated. Celestial curiosity WAS gratified by both seeing and hearing the G.O.M. of world-wide renown.

Andrew Ernest Stoddart, who scored 195 not out at Lord's lust 3londay, is perhaps one of the most versatile batsmen in the country,and has long been i.l!entifled with the summer game as one of the leading amateur That being so it is a mat- ter for no surprise that he should have joined himself to a county team like -Middlesex, for whi.;h amateur combination of Londoners he first played in the month of August, 18S5, on the occasion of a match with Yorkshire. Although his name is inseparable from Southern sport, yet Mr. Stoddart was horn in South Shiel.is, Durham, 29 years ago. end in his younger claws picked up a good deal of his cricketing knowledge at St. John's-wood School. About eight years ago his remarkable performances on behalf of the Hampstead Club attracted general attention, and he was quickly marked out as a coming man, for no less than fire centuries were placed to his credit for the suburban club in Tnly and August, 1885.

.„ The Pope has sent an order to the well-known jeweller Sierfor Tanfani for a splendid spe"...imeil of the gold- smith's nt, which lie proposes tr, send as a wedding present to the Duke of York and his bride.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
MOGRESSIVE BEAITIIES.

TEE FORTUNE-TELLER.

• In ancient times, oracles were so ambiguously constructed as to have reference to an event, how- ever it might terminate; and those who consulted. them ignominiously perished at the perfed they believed they wire to be triumphant. Heathen ceremonies have raned away, and neither flights of birds nor entrails of aii.mtils prognosticate the good or ill success of noalern enterprise, yet in the present day, when tilers is a light by which all rn-ty be directed, the infatuation of consulting fortnne•tellors and clairvoyants pteses.4:-.. to a (Its- graueiul extent. In the metropolia ;hey are nunikirous, a.itliough to thinking peesons". itxtune- Lenin_ is a. subject of abhorrence, rendered odious by belly,' opposed to common-sense, moial feeling, and the dictates f Christianity. Tha practice of consulting these is followed the most deplorable consequence. What mind eats be more degraded than that which can solicit from an unworthy beirsg any information concern- ing its future welfare ! The confessing of relating to such creatures any particulars of private import is not only repugnant to every ciceot 0114 idea, but it is a revolting indelicacy, and a positive surren- der of all that constituters rationality. Who are ttte individuals assuming the possession of super- natural wisdom? They are robbers in the worst acceptation of the term, whom the laws of the cotry condemn to the treadmill, and whom the intelligent portion of the community consign to infamy and detestation more opprobrious than another, it is that of fortune-teller.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
WONDERFUL WATCHES.

In 1883 a watchmaker of Dresden exhibited a watch made entirely of paper. ,The paper was chemically prepared, and the maker claimed that it would be as serviceable as if made of the material ordinarily used. An ingenious prisoner at Kariaus, Bohemia, recently constructed a watch three inches in ' diameter, with no other tools or material except two needles, a spool of thread, a newspaper, and some rye straw. The wheels, posts and cogs, are all made of the rye straw, which, it is well known, is quite con se and tough. I. runs six hours with. out winding, and keeps good time. It is novii. in , the possession of Use Prefect of Kariaus, who cos it the greatest Mania of the nineteenth

Thewmost ingenious, perfect, and complex watch ever manufactured was sent out from the works of „„ratticj Philippe and Co., of Geneva, Switzerialid, in July, 1847, ATLI 11_112w in possess:on of TIM Nicholas. Ifis wEialT. is 1.-ZoTiii as a full-sized " On one side there is a dial of the 61.-eru lati (in kind, exhibiting the hour, minute, and second hands; also an independent chronograph ' hand, which marks the fifth of seconds. The same *Ojai has repcitino mechanism, which strikes the hems, qthiners and minutes. .pposite dial has hands pointing to months, neeki, and dirt. Another large central hand on this dial, if set at the beginning of each year, correctly points to all moon phases, and also a....ts as a perpetual calendar. It-is so constructed as to admit of its keeping two different times, say standard time on one side and sun time on the other. $ SLANG OF ARTISTS.

A party of artists were travelling in a stage, in trhich boside themselves, a sedate venerable lady was the only passenger. The conversation among the artists ran on as follows :—"How 'playful' those clouds are !—that group to the left is sweetly composed, though perhaps a little too ro/itt and rocky for the others. I have Seen nothing of s lately. I think he is clever. He makes all his flesh too chalky. You must allow, however, that • • he is very successful with his ladics.w The old lady began to exhibit symptoms ot un- easiness, and at the close of each oirservation cast an anxious and inquiring look at the speaker. Her companions, however, unconscious of the alarm they were exciting (for she entertained doubts as to their sanity), went on in the same style. She heard them, to her increasing dismay, talk of a farm house corning oat from the neighbouring trees, and of a gentleman's grounds wanting rep se. At length they approadiert an old village church. A greA.t. many observations were made about the 4 keeping.' o: the scene, which the old lady bore with toierable magnanimity; but at la_st one of the party exclaimed, in a kind • of enthusiasm: "See how well the woman in the red cloak carries toff the tower." This was too much. The lady • screamed to the coachman to stop, paid him his fare, although advanced only half way on „her Journey, and expressed her thankfulness for having escaped alive Irons such a set of madmen.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
4, WIIO CAN BEST BE SPARED?"

The Medic-a Record, in giving advice to young rn,n, mays : " Young lo.en, the first question your , erepleyers ask tberoselves whili business becomes ' alt:, unit wn.n it is thought neeest ary to et:imo,nise in the matter of salaries, is, who can best be spared ?' It is Ihe barnacles, the shirks, the make-shif ts, sonic hody'a prot,ig4s, some- bodys nephews, and especial .y totnehndy's good-for- Inoi.hing. Young flee, plea,e rtmember thlt these are not the 011etk who are ended for when respon- sible positions are to be tilled. Would you like to gauge your own future for a position of promin- ence ? Would you like to know the probabilities ef your getting such a position ? Inquiro within! What are you doing to make yourself valuable in the position you now occupy? If you are doing with your might ulna your hands find to do, the chances are ten to one that you soon become so valuable in that pesition that you cannot be spared from it ; arid then, singular to .relate, wiil be the very time when you wiil be sought out for pro- iscitadou L.:. a Lotter pace."

===== 0002601_18930610_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ERROR.

• It is a favourite partici& of grime, that tbs. greatest duiMiesi 'bake the bravest sl-.l.l:ers, as many take .pteasuie i ting that great men have us,ially hail einall These eniniona spring from that love of iintling ,niaLiug a wiiieh is one of the most ttliaciona prin- ciples in human nature, awl is the ratrye tf ball the error that exists in the viorsil. Tim fc cema to be. that hrave men have hee,i, in eieverlo, neither datuliv.s nor 5.01'. nE, fait a.yr.ily I. at and c;eauly, though, of course, there 'ex.; ns of Loth kinds. Great nu.n, else, have heel-, in gimeral, meither lilt:a nor trig, tilou:4lt thrro have lfre, o many Of both tila.StiCS. Size bes noth,in? to 110 'lfrit.h the fitteation ; and the mi.lel:e-1.-izetl ekes las proetue nef;4l greatest nunilier of ,seniu4t.s, simply in:cat:so i 4 I s the most runnerutis.

. ' The Royal Laundresses say Critebley's " STAtiCit GL142.48 . I.‘ Rw la It O - .. - -7. , a ueonatleri for im u partin a beautifnl finish to at ue ereld ," suits .. .. - m 'women quarret • they so seldom mur.fru it tit)" . `'." o'''' t iirii, 'al.., either COW or boiling water sturell. Mr. —.t.COrn •• 17-by, ow mg. to uwir mutual desirp ...01 atiiiit ;13 , :11,1;:A•i;o61-0,:::h..Ty;t,t:ifeiwmillrsnot finiaßh,erturr„rlidne.ti v.,:itjleoatri ...ticour the last. word, of course," a,serted smith. - t lam pur•used to tutorial you that I Litre tried many aueeall-.1 woman is norm.' satisfied unless she gets it ; so, itarch (.;!saes and Yolislues, but find nuneequal to yours." lt . Winitt two of them :have a r„,,, there is but littie :;'""kilw re'i 1":"..."41':)in5e% %tholeltYw'littia" ''''.l PAIt... t: prow ire 'I. hope of receiteilis-tion,. except through an cceident, '-',a.‘:1,%:5:117F.V. gli'4l,nlekinirn. P.l''cdrii::trir.-:-A,41. much as a violent toothache or ars attack,of lock.,j. A game:keeper named lj sr aaki n alt On Tuesday .shot •dead in the course of an encounter with poachers on "Now, Mr. Softly, said an examiner to .is 1 the estate of Mr. -Markham Clifton, IVilford, near masher, "be good enough to tell me what S.-en i Nottingham. Another gamekeeper named Burton fired 'consider the most important scientific dLcovery of ,at Deakin's assailant, who is a Nottingham man named the present age :" "Scienti6c diseoverwy t,t Ma iples, and severely wounded liim. . - echoed the masher, hopelessly involved. " 1.03. PUBLIC; NOTICR.—Not one hut TIUNDWIris of peopieni Snell all the telephone," replied the examiner, ...hntil sexes with wrecked and debilitated constitutons are pro•oiAly, "electric motors, tho phonograph, &c." -"ft,veiB!:kliYn'sek!:€ns!°r3 " to '''und end robust health again by Messrs. " Oil, yaas l " exclaimed the masher, a light hreak- anal 4, Fitsallan &mars, Sherileld. Wrtossiteof to thom ...d%iertfref when *run weskness, flesh, ing io on lim i; " I know. Well, yer mow,, I or petite. diatturbed suffering rest. pimples. blotches. indigea- -1110::!,. ei4s—er—twouncr-stwetchers I" Don, pallid skin, nervousness. ;mit general debt Ur. Post- , 'I c I.l_trida in the northern pan or ricw .01.)....A five cure for all Blood and Skin Diartraes. acquir.,l or conatt- Wales ore now receding, hut the crops have been tuitional., Sixty year.: cniCrinucC fine address,. ;ait above) 1 f..t2 years A l .. The .. Mixture." 45. 9.1. the ease. The destroyed, and hundreds of parsons have been tell- r eiverAd dered homeless. Great distreas prevails in all the I :101 "tte•tifr with a& r vel3ceTteiehfooryd 2.liftneptsc; u=oerirceers ddtp.; i 0 .., stistrkts visited by the inundation.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
" CAPILIL " CIIAT.

1'

THE

LADIES' LETTER. . —.— MT DEAREST NELLrE, • There does not appear to be anything very In the make of mantles and jackets. Short, full capes are still in the ascendant, and one of the latest and prettiest make is of black satin, leach- ing just to the points of the shoulder. It has long wide satin ribbons in front, and these are passed round the figure, tying at the back. There is a full over-cape of e.;:u guipure, and the cap can be Heed with pale pink brocade. A novel shape in wipes is that arranged to reach the.waist.line only, or agiiin just above it, thus showing the figure to advantage; these look well when made of black diagonal cloth, with double shoulder capes of black wain. Another cape has a yoke with a high collar of satin, with a friti.ot the time bordering the base of the yoke. The skirt ia then made of cloth or serge; in each instance the capes are lined through with a coloured silk.

Sailor hats ere mach worn this season especially with eerge gowes, and the newest sciapes have rather low eei/iens ?LTA moderately wide brims. They are often ttiolueel with a hand of black satin ribbot end a Low of the same, with a couple of coloured v. ingeat the ilt, but a novel trimming, although one which does -not appear much worn• at present, is a band of self coloure I straw. These bands aro made in Sei;z rlenkl and are composed of a band of green (moss) atrAW plait encircling the Crown, whilst a hutl.siiy bow of the Wine material is placed in the front of the hat. This trimming is neat and should became popular. To make a stylish dress of a fancy woollen material with an indistinct check, the skirt should be gored, and jest slightly stiffened round the hem by the Insertion of a nine-inch strip of crinoline muslin between the material and the lining, and it should be bordered with a two-inch cross-way fold of brown velvet. Have the bodice short-waisted with a wide-folded band of velvet and a shoulder- frill of the same. The waistband should be _made. of a piece of velvet about eix-inches wide, unlined, the lower edge of which is sewn to the band until It is only about three-inches wide, and when they , are hooked together they form a kind of long rosette, somewhat resembling a cockscemb. The width in front and at the ..idos will be found to go Into natural folds withent my trouble wben the skirt is hooked over the bodice. The shoulder- frill, which should he about 4in. wide, should be lined with either brown or pale pink silk, accord- ing to taste, aud ehouhl be set on about two inches below the corer-band at the sides, and tbree incites at front and bee:. It rimaiii bs veiq full on the shoulders, only just C,ISC,I on at tho hank and in front, and the sb. 'yea eteet!..l be wide to the elbow,. with -Liget eel eel cutr.4.-,

Ae.orsgst the new fashions a viAting costume, in grey fancy.tuaterial, with tneked yoke of tminence- coloured swab, under.a pointed badice of a deeper shade of the baille se vet is vex), pretty. The sleeves have full c,•pea ot the grey material, large puff:. silk, with vtdvet band and lower part of grey materisl. 'he skirt is bell shapcd and trinmkod with thre volvet bands. The new ps.t.tio,,ats this season are numerous for Uwe have now di e,l ft-0m the straight dress skirts to full ours, we need t) alter our underwear accordingly. Stiff pett.coata make the skirts set out nicely, wtethor they are starched or merely composed of a ham material. The new shot moreen is extremely pretty, and makes up well into underskirts for ordinary use; it wears well, and does not become limp even in I.lie dampest weather. Plain petticoats should Lave on side pieces between the front and back brcadth ; the latter should be full, and the whole mounted in a shaped band to lie flat at the base of the corsets; the hem of the skirt is ornamented with a deep flounch finished at the edges. In selecting silk for petticoats a stiff glace should he chosen in prefer- ence to the softer ones, as the latter are not at all suitable for the present fashion.

The variety of in /Airs of eld'alren's dresses is extensive, and they are all very pretty. One of the prettiest I have been is a chitirs paletot in em- broidered Swiss IMPIIII.I, WWI two capes. The bonnet had an embroidered frill croun, stitched on cords, with muslin bows and stringa. UpAtanding bows of wired lace 010 guipure are at present a favourite trim Ging, and are very easy of manipulation ; but what I. c.:r.sider a ye y delight- ful innovation i 3 that these same bows and hundreds of their kind may now be purchased ready•made by you, if on have ucither the time nor the inclination to make them yourselves. Their price, too, is within the reach of all, and now- adays, when a pretty straw may ho purchased for one shilling, and a how of ttin, lace, or indeed any material, for a similar sum, there is no excuse for anyone looking untidy or baying shabby nilllinexy. Yours sinearely, JENNIE.

Milk. Pudding for.lnvalids.and Children.

' Ingredients 1 Creakfast cupful of sago, rice, or tapioca ; 1 quart milk, sugar, flavouring. Mode : Wash the sago, put it in a pie-dish, and till up with milk, sweetened and flavoured. Put it into the oven (a very even •is best), and allow it to simmer for two houls.

Saucer Puddine,

Ingredients : 2 tablespoonfuls of flour ; 2 tablespoon- fuls of powdered sugar; 3 eggs ; 1 teacupful of milk

. . • -;\ , ~./5 • " el , 'f7'

,yt„fctf--.x.,p..,;-- , ...z.44., _ ta 7,-, • V+ ik PJ .'"T,?, *\4‘•VoieZtf'=",:,'./ --F:. '•;7' ..,..-,10 Ae.z,i...,:-. , ----,,, -+:„.• - w 7, 24Z.,... ::.....;:::,, • 1,-, ,:- .. __, ~ zA. ~,4,1, ( _ ......, •,, ~,... ..,...„2";:.. 'ls, - ~, ...e <4,- P 144' 4• K.' '',,, tlf - r. 4 . '''• bee . V -'.••€.g .i..:'L',. , , )•17;'• • ~... ''':; , . \ \ . • • -‘•.% i ' , 4;

--- ~ 1f,.... „... , ...... . ) e. . fi,o,,i ~11 o. ~,. ' ),I,t il- . 111\1 Aill,' iirt,(.;l 41,11 ii,,ii\ 0 .

===== 0002601_18930610_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
,‘,X A MIN ER. sArru

7-- servo

RD • fL

Y,

ves of an 3; hind. Mode: Mit the flour and sugar it the eggs, add them to the milk, and beat up with a flour and Sugar. Well butter three saucers, half fill irm, and bake in a quick oven for twenty minutes. ,leinove from the saucers, lay them on each.othor, with perves between each, and sum') on the top. Sprinkle eugar on the top.

Snowdon Pudding. Ingredients : 2 ow. butter, 3 oz. flour, t pint milk, 2 eggs; and the white of 1 egg,.sugar, and preserves. Mode : Melt the butter and stir in the flour, then add theimilk and su3ar and bring to a boil. When rather co( stir in the y6lks of the eggs, arkdidd the wl?ii tee we beaten. Pour into a pie-dish arid bake 20 or 30 minutes. Take out and spread jam o+4r the top, whip up the white of an egg with a little sugar, heap on the pudding and bake a little brown. Serve immedi- Bread and Butter Pudding.

Ikgredients : A few slices this bread- and butter, 2 eggs',l pint milk,2ozs.sugar,2 ozs.currants, a few raisins, loz4 candied peel. Mode : Grease a basin, and arrange strips of peel and raisins round it, fill up the basin with bred And butter, sprinkling currants between the slices to within an inch of the top. Beat up the eggs, sugar, and,milk, and pour over the bread tie up tightly with a clkth, and boil or steam for two hours. Serve with u.elted butter. This pudding is veg good baked ; it should then be made in a pie-di,,h.

A Chinese Idea of Beauty. ,- There really seems to be no end to the queer things which are done by the women of other countries to make their faces conforn to their own ideas of female beauty. The feet, as you know,are deformed in China and Japan, and in some countries the women go so far as to press their children's beads between boards, so as to make them hat, because they consider fiat heads pretty, and far superior in beauty to the natural shape. The Indian women thickly smear their heads with bear's fat. The Turkish women, almost without exception, colour their hair red. In Greenland the women- colour their faces blue and yellow. The women and children of Gazurat stain their teeth black, while the ladies of India and Japan gild their teeth and make them as brilliant as possible. But it remains for the Chinese to do some- thing which we in our country would consider very bar- barous and cruel indeed, and it is this : The Chinese do not admire small eyes, and to reach their standard of beauty a girl's eyes must not only be very large, but very long and brilliant. The eyes are easily made bril- liant by putting certain drugs in them ; but to make them long when nature bas not intended them to be so is quite another matter. To accomplish it the women have often recourse to a kind of home surgery which must be very painful. A Chinese mother, who has a child affected with small eyes, takes the child at the age of ten or twelve and slits the eyelid at the corner, just where it joins the lower lid. A very small slit is made, and this is then left to heal. As soon as it is healed it is slid again. Ani this process is continued until the eyes appear very long and prominent.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
the the Th new

REMARKABLE DISCOVERY IN

PALESTINE.

REFORE THE ISRAELITES INVADED CANAAIS

Professor Flinders Petrie, in 1890. convinced himself that in a remarkable mound called Tel-el-Hey, in Southern Palestine, would be found the remains of what was one of the strongest places in the country down tc the invasion of Sentacherib and Nebuchadnezzar. The explorations s.oid Mr. Bliss at the Palestine Exploration Fund meeting, on Tuesday, have fully verified the fore- cast,the mound of To-1-el liesy being composed of no fewer that eight successive towns, formed on the ruins of one another, the uppermost dating about 520 a c., and the lowest, or earliest, going back to 1,500 n.c.—the time of the great Egyptian conquests of the land. The most important finds of all is a cuniform tablet; the first re- cord of.pre-Israelitish Canaan yut yielded up by the soil of Palestine, and Piofessor Sayce holds that it is but the forerunner of the library of the Governor of Lachish in days when the Irsaelitish invasion was still distant. Poofessor Sayce believes that this find heralds a discov- ery which will amount to" digging up thesources of the Book of Genesis." Amid all the evidence discovered by Mr. Bliss of the civilisation of that remote age—wine presses, treacle presses, alkali burninas, and innumer- able., others—by far the most curious is the disclosure of an iron blast furnace, so arranged as to give strong evi- dence of being intended to heat, in its descent, a blast of outside air forced through passages, before entering the chamber at the level where tuseres are usually found. If this theory be ecrerect (says Mr. Bliss), we find 1,400 years before Christ the use of the hot hair blast in- stead of cold air, which is called a modern improvement in iron manufacture due to Neilson, and patented in 1828.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD LO N D BRIDGE.

The first bridge thrown over, the Thames was a wooden one, erected by the nuns of St. Mary's Monastery, a consent of sisters endowed by the daughter of a rich Thames ferryman. The bridge figures as a forlified place in the early Danish invasions ; and the Norwegian Prince Olarnearly dragged it to pittees in trying to disposes the Danes, who held it in 1008. It was swept away in aft )od, and Rs euccessor was burnt. In the reign of •Henry IL, Pions Peter, a chaplain of St. Mary Colechurch, in the I Poultry, built a stone bridge a little farther west, and ! the king helped him with the proceeds of a tax on wool, I which gave rise to the old saying that " L;aedon Bridge I was built upon woolpaeks." Peter's bridge w:•s a curious structure, with nineteen pointed arches and a draw-. bridge. - There was a fortified gatehouse at each end„ and a Gothic chapel towards the cent re, dedicated to St. I Thomas Becket, the spurious martyr of Canterl.ury. In Queen E:iz Meth's reign there were slims nu ( itii r side, with flat roofs, arbours, and gardens, and at the south end rose a great fotir-storey wooden lioue, brought from Holland, which was covered with carving and gilding. In the Middle Ages, London Bridge was the scene of affrays of all kinds. Soon after it was built,the houses upon it caught fire at both ends, and 3,000 persons perished, wedged manning the flames. Henry 111. was driven back here by the rebellious Da Montfort, E.trl of Leicester. Wat Tyler entered the city by London Bridge and, later, Richard 11. was received here with gorgeous , ceremonies. It was the scene of one of /leery V.'s greatest triumphs, and also of his stately funeral proces- sien. Jack Cade seized London Bridge,and as lie psssed, elashed in two the ropes of the drawbridge, though soon 1 after his head was stuck on the gatehouse. From this bridge the mbel Wyatt was driven by the guns of thel Tower ;and in Elizabeth's reign waterwerks were erected !n the bridge. There was a great eonflsgration on the I bridge in 1032. andeaventually the Great Fire almost • destroyed it. In the Middle Ages countlt S 3 rebels' beads wpm stuck on the gatehouses of London Bridge. Brave Wallace's was placed there; and so were the heads of Henry VIII.'s victims—Fisher, Bishop of Rochester, and Sir Thomas Aline, thelatter trophy being carried off by the stratagem andelds brave daughter. Garnet, the Giippowder-PlotJesult, also contributed to the ghastly i triumphs of justice. Several celebrated painters, includ- ing Ilesarth, lived at one time or another on the bridge, and Swift and Pope used to frequent the shop of a witty bookseller, who lived under the northern gate. One or two celebrated suicides have taken place at London Bridge, and among these we may mention that of Sir William Templ.'s son, who was Secretary of War, and Eustace Budgell, a broken-down author, who left behind him as an apology the following sophism : What Cato dal and, Addison approved of cannot hi rong. Pleasanter is it to remember the anecdote of the brave apprentice, who leaped into the Thames from the win- dow of a house on the bridge to save his master's infant daughter; wimm a careless nurse hid stropped into the river: When the girl grew up, many noble suitors came,. but the generous father was obdurate. ‘ No," said the honest citizen ; " Osborne saved her, and Osborne shahl have her." And so he had ; and Osborne's great-grand- son throve, and became the first Duke of Leeds. The frequent loss of lives in shooting the arc!ses of the old bridge, where the fall was at time five feet, led at last to a cry for a new bridge, and one was commenced in 1824. Rennie designed it, and in 1831 William IV. and Queen Adelaide opened it. One hundred and • twenty thousand tons of stone went to its formation. The oil bridge was not entirely removed till 1832, when the' bones of the builder, Pious Peter of Colechurch, were found in the crypt of the central chapel, where tradition had declared they lay. The iron of the piles of the old bridge was bought by a cutler in the Strand, and pro- duced steel of the highest quality. Part of the old stone was purchased by Alderman Harmer, to build his house, Ingress Abbey, near Greenkithe.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
A MALAY PRINCE'S ROMANCE.

<l. romantic incident in connection with the visit ol the Sultan of Johore has given riso to much comment at Carlsbad. The Sultan's nephew, who accompanies him. on his visit to Europe, MI in love during lii previons visit co Carlshacl two years ago, after the death of his wile, with the darighter of a local locksmith, who was famed in the district for her bPanty. The nephew last week introduced the locksmith's daughter to the Sultan, who, eenseriteit to th4rJetrotiial. After their marriage the young .conple. Will return' to India.

Aboot 509 gir..tjnitioye4 kw M. si Lth, tobacco oviro.fm•ruri.ils; ttichtu. city struck i.:ork on Wettlies4,l.3.: fora, PADS KILLER! CARTP'S MT[! Got &bottle to-day of ova - PE3RY DAVIS'S s ma, PAIN Pict Acts dire:A.ly on the Small seat of Pain. Cares DD" , Pchcallui.n.*:Dt,rhiteasetinir7mrDhael,n,d sF:oiar; i. Hold by au Chemist; aamtliii.Ll.4aandintadti2go.9.. unAmeori d WcPurartheelototy pFeigdaeua b l Liver Vegetable PAIN KILLER chemats: xe.

ms. W. Chrke and 4nd-row,Uverpo.% iccredso of wages.

1 .47V 4,

Ui Fig : Cr. that ' 16611. S 4 frAgeatit _

12000 NT

which will 51e,r1.17, arrest the progress of ttecay.hardenne gums. and impart a eml:g:.tUm2. fragrance to ele "W Chemists scll it. 1110

---

'UNE 10 1893. D rOO D. anatrer. "My lord has ridden him several times, A. R. K Vii and said only yesterday that Bonnibel was a lady's horse." A TALE OF LONEMOOR. `S•I am not afraid of him," said Gwen. "Ho bestutiful he is. I like a horse of spirits" 1;Y MRS. HARRIET LEWIS, Zile mounted him lightly, settled easily into her Author (3! "Her Double Life," " Old Life's saddle, and rode down the avenue accompanied Shadows," "Lady Kildare," etc. by the Lady Georgina, and attended by Alio groom. The horse answered to her gentlest touch, and was presently under her full controL There was Swdelight to fearlesi Gwen in the possession of an animal so spirited and nervous, and she enjoyed the ride, the warns spring air, and the pleasant April sunshine. They crossed the park' rode through Oe village Dunhohn, and ettotereil upon , the. pleasaut country road beyond. For some :distance the Dark Wood property attached beside them upon either side of the road, but tivally the Dia:chum:it Manor came in view. "I should like to sec Miss Norreys," said the Lady Georgina. "'lt must be a fine thing to be rich 'ais Crsesus and your own mistress, :isn't: yon think so, Marian 1" "I should think it inight be, but I can't answer from exnerienca," said, Garet's. smiling., "Beech- •-• sistrining, but not so grand, of course, as ..ssi pot," said Georgina, loftily. " Miaa , nts her acres by hundreds. We coinit ses thousands. When I become mistress sssilliolin Castle, for I don't believe, father will ever marry stgain; I shall rival' Mentmore—the Rothschild place, you know—and all the finest houses in the kingdom. I wonder," added the girl, suddenly, " why Miss Norreys don't marry. If I thought she would entrap my father I'd hate her." "Lord Dark wood may, marry some ,day, Georgina," said _Gwen, gently ; "but his wife will be your friend, not your rival and enemy. . "She will not be my friend 1" cried Georgina, flushing, "Don't speak so to me. My father shall: never marry. I don't care for his love, but I do care for Dunholm Castle, and I mean to be mistress there. At first I didn't like it—l was used to a wild, free sort of life—but new the attentions of , servants, the great luxurious rooms, and the fine clothes are necessary to me. Six months have changed me so, Marian, that I hardly know myself. I prize now what I used' to despise, and I should be miserable now where I used to be happy." Gwen made no comment; she knew that Georgina had told the truth. The Beechmont Park was enclosed in a tall, iron fence surmounting a low stone wall. Nothing could be seen from the highway of the glades and dells softly shaded nooks within; of the red and fallow deer that browsed upon the herbage; of the pavilions and summer retreats that .dotted the park—yet Georgina, from her perch in her saddle, tried to catch a glimpse of some of them. • They came to the 'great gateway, and the pretty 4 stone lodge besides it, and unconsciously slackened their pace. They saw a courtly avenue leading between two great lines of beech trees to a stately mansion, a half-mile distant, with glittering win- .dows and fantastic architecture—a splendid dwell- ing that seemed made for pleasure. They, rode on past the lodge, and a half a mile farther on Caine abreast of a small high iron gate suddenly opened, and a lady rode out, attended by two grooms. The lady's sudden appearance, the fluttering skirt Of her habit, one or both together, startled Gwen's horse.. He sheered, reared, and flung her • from the saddle, hurling her against the opposite stone waleand dashed away at a gallop. The Lady Georgina sat stupefied. The lady whose appearance had caused the' accident slipped from her saddle, ran to Gwen, and bent over her. The girl was insensible. Her'pore, pale face, in its exquisite beauty, Looked like the face of a dead person in its whiteness and immobility. ' The lady signalled to her grooms. They alighted and hurried to her. ' "Wilson," she said, in a clear,. rich voice, calm in spite of her alarm, "go to' Dunhohn for a medi- cal man. Aga, carried this young lady up to the house." 'Then, turning to the lady Georgina's groom, she added, "You Will inform your master of the accident, and that Miss Norreys will give' them every attention." The groom hastened back- to Dunholm Castle with the message, mid Lord Dark wood was rather pleased than otherwise. . "Nothing could have happened better," he 'muttss.red. "Now we shall have the entree of Beee anent on quite a different footing from ordinary people. Miss Myner will interest Miss Norreys. If Georgina had tact and tense she might win this Indian es,s's heart. I shalt be sup-, posed to be esstly alarmed and excited, and will be excused if I hasten to the dear girls. I will order my horse and ride to Beechment at once. Now, at last, I shall see my neighbour 1"

CHAPTER XXXVII. AN ACCIDENT. Adjoining the Darkwood estate was a magnificent property, of several hundred acres, known as Beechmont. It was divided after the usual fashion into farrus, park, pastures, and meadows all in the highest state of cultivation. Its gardens were, noted for their beauty and extent, its conserva- tories, greenhouses, • and 'forcing houses were only inferior to those of Dunhohn Castle. Beechmont • was a freehold estate, and had belonged to an iron manufacturer, who had torn down the old mansion that had been "occupied by previous owners, and bu:(1. erected in its place a villa of -composite., architecture,, marked by a pro- fusion of weueoiesee-oriel, bay; Freuch, Greene, and Ca.therineewlieel—all so arranged as to har- monize, and toyreeent a picturesque and claming whole. The pavilions and colonnades of Beechmont •••-• features of the place. Its long walks 'arching trees, its secluded galleries, its gre. , entrance porch, were all of marked iuteresi. .. beauty: The wealthy-iron manufacturer, who had lavished a fortune upon this place, which had seemed perfect when he had bought it, had died some months before the accession of Lord Darkwood to his title and estates. The iron manufacturer had left a large family of sons and daughters. Under his will It was necessary to divide the property into several portions, and, as frequently happens in like cases; not one of the soils could afford to keep Beechinont in his share. It was offered for sale, and bad been be the market several months without having found a purchaser. Now, Lord Darkwood had conceived the idea of purchasing Beechniont, and adding it to his already overgrown estate. His predecessor had not ex- pended one fourth his income during his adminis- tration of affairs, and ielailei sum of ready money lay in the Bank of England, subject to his lord- ship's call; but, considering the price of the pro- perty too high, he had affected indifference, had pretended to think better of the project, and had artfully advised those in charge to sell to some one else if opportunity offered. These tactics met with an unexpected result. Mr. Sutton wrote to Lord Darkwood, informing him that another purchaser was in the field. The Marquis replied promptly that that device was too old and threadbare to deceive him, and that, if any one else desired to buy Beechmont, at the price fixed upon it, that person waswelcorne to it. To his lordship's great amazement and -chagrin, Mr. Sutton's reply to this letter was that Beech- mont was sold, and that the new purchaser would enter into immediate possession. • This information arrived at Duraholm Castle a day or two after the events narrated in the pre- ceding chapter. The question that now agitated the soul of Lord Darkwood was this: Who had bouget Beechmontet Some speculator who desired to sell again at an advance, a retired tradesman, or some offshoot of nobility with whom be might become intimate? He wrote to Mr. Seams, and was answered that the new owner of Beeclunont was a lady, that she was unmarried, and newly returned from India. , "A yellow begum," said Lord Darkwood, dis- contentedly; "a stout, elderly woman, with a net parrot, Himloo servants, a beak nose, and dis- agreeable ways. I wish I had fallen iu with their terms." But in the course of a week the agent of the new proprietor of Beechmout appeared at time mansion and engaged a staff of servants, and made ready for the home-coming of his employer. And then Pietro, who was wont to hear every- thing, made the acquaintance of the agent in ques- tion, and came to his master with the information that the owner of Beechmont was Mies Norreys, a young Indian heiress, and that her father had recently died In ludia, leaving her a very great fortune, and that she had returned to Eugland to spend the remainder of her life. "And to marry," added Lord Darkwood. "That follows, of course. I wonder if she is engaged ? If not, she won't remain unengaged a long tune, not if she were hideous as Medusa. With Beechmont at her back, and money besides in the funds, she can marry almost whom she will." " Why don't you enter the race, signor ?" suggested Pietro. "The holy is young; rich, and well cenneeted._ She will take her place in county society at once. She would not be a bad match even for you." . "She is probably a perfect Gorgon or she would not have been permitted to leave India unmarried," said Lord Darkwood. " But I have a positive longing to possess Beeetereera I'll see her, Pietro. Ulesale not too utterly hideout I may offer her a chance teereceTies a inarchionese ! " He waited in some impatience for the arrival of A DI.MPER, MYSTERY STILL the Lady of Beechmont. She remained in London Lord Darkweed's intention to ride over to Beech- ' for a few weeks, and it was not until the latter moat immediately, and avail himself of Gwen's part of March that she made her appearance at her accident to make the acqtaintance of Miss Noreys, country seat, the heiress, whom he so ardently desired to see, ' Lord Darkwood heard from Pietro of the extent was frustrated most unexpectedly by his übiquitous of her establishment, the number of her servants, valet, Pietro, who seemed to have a habit of turn- and that she bedlam Hindoo attendants—one male ing up most uncomfortably with disagreeable news and one female—who dressed in English fashion at most convenient times. and who fairly Worshipped their young mistress. His lordship who was in the great library when There was much other gossip which Pietro gleaned Miss Norreys messenger arrived, had already ineletriouslye-and to which the Marquis did not ordered his horse to be brought round, had put on diedeln to listen, his hat, and was drawing on his gloves, when "I will call upon her with my daughter," said Pietro's ugly head appeared at the door. ,Lord Darkwood. "It is only a mark of civility— The marquis made is gesture of impatience. an overture of friendship. Once I gain the entree "What is it, Pietro l" ho cried, angrily. "I of Beechmont, I'll improve my opportunities." -cannot wait now. , Yon-must defer your news until Accordingly he proceeded to the schoolroom and my return from Beeehmout." • Interrupted the usual lessons to give his daughter "Pardon me, eignor, but you will not go to an hour's instruction in the etiquette and ceremony Beeehmont this afternoon," returned the valet. of morning visiting. The Lady Georgina was too "I have something here "—and he tapped his young and untrained for the task required Of her, pocket significantly—" which I venture to think I , but her father, conceived it necessary that he should will 'prevent your troubling yourself about a 'be accompanied at Beechmont by her, and, after governess's breken head or the charms of the ordering her a special toilet for the occasion, and heiress of Beechmont." duly training her for her part, lie took her to call Lord Dark wood,' at the familiar address, gave upon his new neighbour. him a look from under his shaggy brows that boded Miss Norreys was not at borne—being absent on _the Italian no geode but his heart rather sank Fan excursion to Shrewsbury—and Lord Darkwood within him. Had Pietro discovered that his ' and the Lady Georgina Gharteris left cards and letters had been tampered with? Or was it the returned home, both well pleased at her absence. consequeuce of some of his crimes coming back to ." I will call again without this great awkward haunt him? creature, with her silly, broad, ecoed-natured face." The valet's next words reassured him with respect thought the marquis. The lady of my family has to the letters, for he said, in his soft, catlike testes, called—and the lady of my family can now retire as if he react his master's thoughts— into her proper baceeeound, , I wonder why I could "This news relates neither to Clare Markham not have had e daughter like Miss Myner, whom I nor Mies Winter, signor, but your own safety, I could have presented with pride. With my love and, what is more, mine. Read." of beauty, why was I cursed with a loutish daughter like this ?" He approached the marquis as he spoke, and took 'He forgot that the Lady Geoigina 'strongly re- from-the breast pocket of his coat a long, official- looking blue envelope of which the seal had been semblekl himself in personal appearance. She broken. Lord Darkwood snatched it from him, lacked his polish, his address, tact, and ready and sat down in one of the arm-chairs to read it, politeness, and the lack of these was ha.rdelefor him the valet watching him the while with folded to bear even than the lack of beauty. Early in April Miss Norreys acknowledged the • arms, like a second Mephistopheles. attention of her neighbours by leaving cards at The marquis teok from the envelope a letter, from thinly& Castle. Lore Darkwood was abeent when I which fell a cutting from a newspaper. The hand= she called, and the Lady Georgina was with Gwen I writing, as he knew only too well, was that of in the park, so that again the mistress of Beech- Pietro' brother, and the bates merely drew the mont was not seen by the inmates of the castle. attention of the valet to the paragraph enclosed, Lord Darkwood's curioeity coueerning, her was cut from-a morning paper. . 'I now at fesSer-heat, and he deterininel to call again Lord Darkwrod picked up the paper, and, as he 1 upon her speedily rine alune. I eageely scanned its contents, a deadly pallor stole . IHe hind learned that her father, the late Mr. over his face, amid he teemed to his companion with Norreys, was is government dignitary in India ; a look of sickly terror in his eyes that contrasted that he had gone thither with a competence and strongly with his former bold and reckless bearing. i increased it in o a megnificent fortune ; that he " ais to lie done, Pietro !" he said hoarsely, had died suddenly, lea.ving his daughter 'his sole "if this ihfcenel Odle; should be true ?" heiress. Miss Norreys had wealth, and family; she The valet shrugged his shoulders. ' was young. If is should turn out that she had also " What can be done, sigpor," he said, "but a fair share of personal beauty, Lord Darkwood make assurance doubly sure? We are uot certain determined to lieceme her-suitor. that the words refer to him, as no names are given ; 'His acqueintan 'with with her was destined to be • but it is as well to eip p epared at all points. There mad es under eireumstances sonicw•hat different from must be no going to Beechmont. You must lake those he anticipated. ourliorse now to avoid anything like suspicion ; The Lady Geergina. and lice young gn , goveess• Lit simply go emend to the ruins. Explore every were in the Wet of riding d Lily, aetended by a part i carefully, and to-eight •We will go again groom. They generally eode through the park, togeeher, and this time there' must be ne faltering sometimes through the village of Dunholin, and or hesitation, or all may be lost.e even, to Shreweburya Both were 'fond of the ' "I!suppose you are right," groaned the peer: - exercise. Gwen was a skilful harsewoman, and "you alwaYa are. I must send Miss Norreys a taught bee pupil with tumenel success, although note instead of calling, and ride over there in the It must be confessed that the dumpy figure of the •morning after this business is settled." Lady Georgina did not appear to advantage upon a i Ha! drew his chair up to the table and hastily horse. . „ penned ie note, thanking his fair neighbour, for the . One bright April morning, time two girls deters care she had takea of his daughter and her mined to extend their 1 ide to Shrewsbury. The governess, and expressing his 'deep regret at horses were brought round, • and then it Was die. ' the teceident to the latter, at the same time an- covered that the horse. that Gwen had need hereto,- I nouneing his intention of ceiling oil the following fore had fallen lame, and that another horso had morning. . been substituted in its stead. ' ' The epistle was duly diepatchee; and then, ar- The substitute was a handsome thoronglihred, ranging with Pietro to await hit reture, he rode off with a thin, arching neck, a small head, and a across'the peels 'uneaten la lat a smart gallon. Ar- wicked, restless eye. Gwen patted liiin gently, riviug at a. seeludel p. 1,1•:, ol his extensive dietnidne He seemed restive. he fastened his horse to e. ese, awl then made his "Is he Wee"inquired Lady Georgina, of the way slowly,eack to the eleeely gate of the reined groom. , "I don't like his looks." castle. lie utiloaked the 'door, removel the keys, a "fla is Derfectly eafe, I.ny lady," veas eke deeseended the steiecese; 40 renedeed in the _ewe:

CHAPTER XXXVIII.

terranean passage for more than an hour. Inen he came once more to the door, and, after looking round to see that he Was not observed, but for- getting in his hurry to lock the door again alter him, made his way cautiously to the spot where he had left his horse.

----iiii-;;;;;o-o-n-1;;;:ck at the castle again; and, hav- ing given out that he had simply been for a scamper along the roads, went up -into- the library. lie found, as he Mtpected, Pietro awaiting him there, and a long conference was held between the two. Whether Lord Dark wood had attained his object 01' not, did not appear. • Matters took -their usual course, anti at about eleven o'clock his lordship pleat* fatigue and returned to his room. In less ' than dn hour all the lights in the castle were ex- tinguilihed, and apparently every one was at rest withi4 its walls. Buti just before midnight, when the moon was hidden by a passing (loud, two figures muffled in cloaks issued from r • • postern and made their . way tinier the shadi. 'le trees and lofty wahla. rouudito the ruins. As may be surmire were none other than Pieta. d his master, Ta . ~quipped themselves carat y for their noe. .edition. ' They had just,r clied the massi‘ " doorway, and were about to plunge into th -s of its shadow for the piirpose of opening Li. , when Pietro sud- denly kilutchecl his master's ~.. in, and drew him on on`eide into the deep gloom of the trees. '‘ IT st, signor," he whispered—"voices." Lord Darkwood followed the supple Italian with- a muttered curse. - ' -•- ." Spne scoundrelly poachers," he whispered in 4-1 reply, auur then they both remained silent. It Was well they did so, for hardly had the words.l left I.rd Darkwood"s lipi when the light of the moon Shone out brightly, converting the small open space in front of the doorway into a silvery moil- . . ance, and making everything as clear and distinct, , as in broad daylight. 2.- ~, What was the surprise and consternation of the', '- confederates to see the door slowly open, and two. figures, one unmistakably that of a Woman—the sea of the other, who was wrapped in a long, eastern' .I'' looking robe, was doubtful—emerge into the moon-, , light. They passed quite close to where the,,l marquis and the valet lay concealed; but their,,, heads were turned away, and their features could', i not be -distinguished. • ~, There was no difficulty in discerning, however, . that one was a young and evidently very graceful ~,, woman, not only from the sweep of the robe but, 4 from the erect carriage and quick movements. Her 1 companion carried a lantern, and was evidently en- deavouring to dissuade her from some course she ..,1 was earnestly bent upon pursuing. '1 As they drew near, Lord Darkwood caught one . of the voices—that of the bearer of the lantern. It'' was rich and manly in tone, but quite unknown to-- him, • "When, dearest, in this secret that overhange us both. to be cleared up for ever?" it said.. ..., -" When will this miserable spying and wandering cease, and why should yon of all the world help me thus, in what I feel must be a task as hopeless as to gain the love of one of yonder bright stars?" "Nay, Ronald," was the gentle reply, "be a little more patient, and all will yet be well. The cloud will pass away as'quickly as that which but n_ew spreads its gloom over the face of the moon. How fortunate that I found the door of yonder dreary place open • even now--" The remainder of the sentence was lost in the distance, and Lord Darkwood, peering forth from his hiding place, saw the youth, for he seemed little more, twine his arms lovingly round his fair coin- Panieei's waist as they turned into the put!' which led down to the high road to Shrewsbury,. As soon as they were out of sight Lord Darkwood and his companion turned towards the ruins. Neither spoke, for the name of Roland, so lovingly uttered by the girl, had given them both food Tor deep reflection, and neither wished to betray to the' other the emotions which the mention of that name- - had roused. Was the girl who had smitten in such soft and ' tender accents Lord Darkwood's eldest daughter, the child of poor, wronged Clare Markham, and was her companion the Sir Roland Chilton of whom both had heard so, much? If so, what did their presence at that hour at Dunholm, and by the rn4lis of the old castle, mean? Pietro was the first to recover his composure, "A couple of village lovers, signor, lesupposc whom we have startled. You must send a keeper - or two over here; but how came you, after all eV caution, to leave open that door t" This solution of the problem had not occurred to his lordship; but he jumped at it as drowning men Catch at straws. "Not a doubt of it, Pietro. It shall- be looked to; but it gave me an awful fright at first. . How I came -to be guilty of the insensate folly of not. locking the gate I cannot imagine. I was under the impression that I did so, and, even now belief& that I did. There may be duplicate -keys, whiab makes matters still worse. But we have no time to lose if we are to complete our task. Come." Both would gladly have followed the mysterious pair who had disturbed them; but they were afraid to trust each other, and were forced to let whAt - both in their heart of hearts believed to be a golden Opportunity_ for finding Gwen slip through their' fingers.' Whatever their business was that tot them to the ruins, it did not occupy them long, an It was plain that they accomplished it to their mutual satisfaction, for when they parted inside the postern gate, each to make his way to his own apartment, the marquis turned round to Pietro, and laying his hand on his valet's shoulder said, in a low voice— . . "I have ranch, Pietro, to thank you for in ,n3Y life, 'and in nothing more than in this night's work. You will be no loser by it." The valet bowed gratefully; but there was 6 malicious gleam of triumph in his eyes, and fla muttered to himself— " Take care my lord marquis, that when our (10 _ of reckoning comes you are not the loser." - (To be continued). ,

I •

I

PCS. qr q6' in a Vir;...l SO, ,ated I

,zt I „ , r 4?' ' , • -11 t ' • 4-- •

===== 0002601_18930610_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
BAItDIC BARONETS.

• --- ..dpropus of the Queen's Birthday honours tin musing cm respondence in verse has taken PIO! between Sir Wilfrid Lawson and Sir Charles Csnler" on, one of the new baronets. The former writes :-- My dear Sir Charles, you are, I see, .11enceforth a baronet to be. Long life and happiness I trust May be for one so good and just. May in your arms fresh strength be found To knock 1-. tare churches to the ground. And when drink's standard wide is flung, Charge, Cameron, charge: charge down the Bunk I've been a baronet long time now ; Its done me no great good, I trow. A man, you know, of one idea, ' tVho's steadily opposed to beer, Is one fit only to despise— At least, so say the good and wise. But you've two ideas I know: You'd lay both church and public low. • Press boldly on, and we shall get Soinc-good from out a baronet. Then; when you've carried out your plan, Come hack, and be once more a man. Witli,Bung o'erthrovin and Churches free All will be smooth for you and me. We'll*cv all titles then aside, And gaze upon our land with pride. But no ; there's one thing more to do, . A totighish job for me and you. By. Lords we've boon too long annoyed, The Llouse of Lords must be destroyed. Dest*ction that way clearly sets Of Barons by the Baronets. Sir Charles Cameron, in similar vein, and icl course .of his reply, says :- 1 haste sin&rely to express In ho do-baronetic dress My wife's and own deep obligations 1t,..1" your most kind felicitations. . With hopes of pubs. and Lords destroyiug • My future years. may well be buoying. But now, Sir Wilfrid,-don't you think You're just a little hard on drink. I ONT/i I felt strong inclination To crown the honour with libation (Weakness in which you ne'er had part. You' .an hereditary bart.), Till a good genius in my noddle ' t Said , should- take you for my model. You grant, I think, too short utility To baronets of out ability ; For *lien we've settled Church and Lords, When Bung and Bishop are mere words, We tie at leamt shall still have uses In regulating many more abuses, In the old way we'll always hammer on. Yours most sincerely, Charles Cameron. writes: .By way of rejoinder S:ir Wilfrid Lawson If baranets can write like this - They're worthy of im mot tat bliss, . Not imronet, it seems to me, . hut l'oet Laureate yco should be. '

%V. L.

RUE fURE CURED —S. J. SIIERtIAN, Hernia Spec CI, chancery-lane. London, sends his book on rupture PO" free. Btanch chambers, 26, King-st., Mauchoteer.-7.114.;'

I

EXCITING EVIDENCE.

I

(

HUSBAND AND WIFE'S. EVIDENCK AGREE IN EVERY PARTICULAR. •

It is generally accepted, it you want excitement -go eLciti eV° the Metropolis. But interesting, and oftentimes Pff, events happen in the smaller towns, and the grrlsooe of Mr. and Mrs. Spalding, of 10, Sheriff inrest, Wes 4 Flartlepool, furnishes an exainple ot what to interfere with the-even t•enour of lilt'. Ptember last," said Mr.' Spalding, "my wife took id, settling in her leg,, and bringing on muscular nieurtatiam. The pains were almost unbearable, . and ri7eiye were men followed be swelling of the limbs to th s their ordinar3- size. The pains- now extended to eri ght aide and over the back, accompanied by un- ztacistaVkable symptoms of liver disease. Although at- different doctors, she grew worse, and we ti„2 PP hopes of her recovery. She said, ' I fear my to ":P._s close at hand, and that I have but a short time p; '!v: I thank God that I persuaded her, at this iraria", to try Warner's Safe Cure, for it cured her. Her nolavrovement was noticeable from the initial use, and she is able to attend her household duties, and again enjny life."

===== 0002601_18930610_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
'VrAIIItINGiON TOWN COUNCIL.

140flthly meeting of this Council 'Ws held at ( M Aid`°wn Hall on Tuesday evening. The ayor we °man E. Greenall) presided,and others present mire Aldermen Holmes, Sutton, l3lackburst,Wright, ReanhdleY, Harrison,Francomb ; Councillors Ileaton, P erd, J. Fairclough, Plumpton, n'ttutching Wilkinson, A..annc on, Shaw, Ashton, Muir, Smethurst, Hill, , 11. Roberts, Beaman, Dixon, Fleming, Whit • Bonnell, Tinsley, Browne; Messrs. J. Lyon ji—r, tie (town clerk), Longdin (borou2h surveyor), nurst (librarian) (botough treasurer), and Madeley . •

reerrest FROM THE SOCIAL QUESTIONS UNION. 11l911'. Ine:b44°lVoimag letter from the Secretary of the Anti- mittee of the Warrington Social Questions eie'rttl, addC ressed to the Mayor. was read by the Town tee 0' am directed by-the Anti-Gambling Commit- ale f the above Union to call your attention to the tionrirling prevalence of gambling amongst the popula- visposseeidebllifeythoreirtdt heoownrei,to and to ask whether something cannot supprees this practice? It is im- them" townspeople who have any regard for in-and ` °ea to go very far from their doors without e eing evidences of this evil. On nearly every voting hear- groupsPtheirmones o of boys vacant lot boys are to. be seen engaged in games of pitch and toss,, and gain g men in spending their time and money on card ono °sof chance. Indeed, so prevalent is this evil, that athiecia,•°"t go anywhere,whether to the football field,the . festivals, or for walks in any directien, without Meng the Thee° ' "rd., of gambling forced upon our attention. ees .mmittee feet in view of these facts, and the evils uituig therefrom, that the time has come when a firm practiceueg h-t to stand sh th be made at once against these unlawful spress up -• Especially ought some action to be taken to ae° e sale of' lucky bags,' which are exhibited in ,IPewindeWs and in the market, and also the betting towenbling honses which undoubtedly exist in the telytioaoutrrsth.iDAs evidence of the latter, I need only refer your to the recent betting prosecution at the Borough 'File Committee have every reason to believe the eTanog acts of this description are carried on under i 8 tairY Pyes of the police, and yet no action whatever bee en to put an end to them. It is with a view to ut if abo the suppression of these illegal practices,and th_Tssible to check the gambling spirit which is abroad, Tret th e e committee feel constrained to address you. tyhoantrhaviv,ionrgahitphus called your attention to othitht"f,a°ol3ets, will see the necessity of at rele-aea,alog such action as will prevent existing laws inist,:"'ng a dead letter in this town, and that the corn-' the `e,!bay rely upon you to give such instructions to heitiP°Pce as will lead to suitable and efficient measures teen% Yatnediately taken.—Yours truly, on behalf of the ittee D ROBERTS ntt-Gambling (Baptist minister), secretary ten a D. W. A. Ariee Committee of the above Union, 3e, Warringtan." the tlleetiAr°R I think the best thing to do is to refer se,, er to the Watch Committee. •jclerrnan CHANDLEY : I think the opportunityshould 4itelelY be allowed to pass— AIVAY" You cannot discuss the question now. .rteen CHANDLEY • lam not going to discuss it. InktelnerelV going to ea's., on behalf of the Watch Cam- at extnt th • to have already been taken to a very "as inst . 0 obviate this evil. The Chief Constable rerruecvteiornist y to any and every case of gamb- occur. • ncillor FLEMING rose to speak and was ruled out °Nee. e motion of the MAYOR, seconded by Alderman efiee %vas of that tke matter be referred to watch Committee. ' re_ THE PROFESSIONAL AUDITORSHIP. ~!adE COMMITTEE'S PROPOSAL REJECTED. eesslayerman HOLMES proposed, and Alderman BLACK- ZtßtSee seconded, that the minutes of the Finance Corn- Confirmed Councillor Dr. CANNELL moved, as an amendment, threat the be minutes recommending that Councillor J, Shaw a appointed professional auditor be not passed. Redid not need to tell them . em that at the present time they were pay ing their elective auditsre at the rate of 15 per annum. elt was simply a waste of money to Pay £BO to a professional auditor when there were com- Plaints of higher rates and large expenditure. he did SmeTneasT seconded the amendment, and cud so exactly on the same grounds as Dr. Cannell eroposee Poo 't. D that eire did think it was high time at theV l loot down on creating new situations. He did Canhdorwhere they would land directly. Since Mr. died they had had several situations created, thee." ce of Borough Treasurer was going to cost sc_."'"bore than it did when Mr. Charley was alive. nes of "Question.") tet!derman HLACEHURST said that the Finance Commit- baemund that the time had come when they ought to tn;aia Peofessional auditor. There was no doubt that Zeeective auditors were doing the best they could, but drinance Committee were not quite satisfied with it, t_ hue_ ;etiettlitgrythey Whatewas done in other boroughs throughout • thoueht there should be a professional ,o!l.itor in %Varrinston7 The matter was then passed on be`ea General Purposes Committee, which represented in-thirds, or at any rate above one-half of the Council. 81;7 were qaite unanimous in the opinion that they Uld have a professional auditor. The proposal was hasstseAle • and instructions were given to the Town Clerk 4.3.,1e General Purposes Committee to advertise for an t. ultor fixing a salary' and stating what the qualifica- t!oons of the applicants should he. They had applica- Put's la due Course, and on going before the General rPoses Ceremittee they selected the person who, they ;ought, was the most fitted for the post, inasmuch as Shaw Green had been a member of the Finance fer some rears and he had takel a yery, B•Ctive,, „ . bet of Om in ITS affaire,tô Se than any other mat, •co ' ne m the comittee. He was so well versed in all the ei`sunts of the borough that in the interests of ite borough they thought Mr. Shaw Green was 5 lBcMO lt St likely ma among the applicants, and , quently he was nominated. What he corn- Ightrained of was that the arguments made use of that t' ehoold have been used at the last meeting instead e waiting until a person had been nominated, just eatise it did not please the fads of certain gentlemen, L't because their friends had not been fortunate enough ••0 eet the post. CoUncillor Mine said his objection was not against the but against the office which he aspired to fill. He Id not think they required another officer for the Cor- gooration at a salary of £BO for that present year, and £,120 two years hence—for that was what it would come COUIICPIOr FLEMING, as a member of the Finance Corn- 4littee, observed that the thing was brought about by elbembers of the Council thinking it desirable to rrave a public auditor. Those who now opposed `ea proposal entirely stultified themselves by their eee duct. Why there was an objection raised now lie could not for the life of him see. Councillor JAMES FAIRCLOTJCH said ko was on the „ 'lnance Committee, but he was not present when the omioation was made. He did not quite like the way In Which it had all been brought about. In the first Place, Alderman Blackhurst said the preposition came from the Finance Committee. It came from Mr. Shaw uteen himself. Alderman Holmes denied the correctness of this state- Councillor HILL asserted that at a previous meeting ceuncillor Dr. (3anncll got up and opposed the motion, but to notice was taken of him. It was not the first time that sort of thing had been done. Dr. Cannel! Was now carrying out what he had previously at- Councillor DIXON supported the amendment. If his recollection served him right, the motion came from the side of the r at which Councillor Shaw Green sat. He (CouncilloorriliShaW Green) was afraid that every person ^as going to he dishonest except himself. Alderman HOLMES repeated that the proposition did not emanate from Mr. Shaw Green at all. He (Alderman Holmes) took the responsibility himself. Council] ROBERTS h must confess that he was ior ..OBERTS said he a difficulty to know what the question was upon Which the Council was asked to vote. He knew what the amendment was but it seemed to him that the Iliotives which promptedthe amendment had not yet ?WI, disclosed. They were told by various membershe of ‘(.lle Council that t objection was not to Mr. Shaw I:teen at all, but to the creation of a new office. (Hear. .ear.) fie could perfectly well understand the objec- iato—' of Councillor Muir. Councillor Muir held the very aUd Ilourable and highly lucrative position of Mayor's itor. It was well known that the office— • Ir Councillor al -He • I beg pardon, Mr. Mayor, this is regular. Councillor ROBERTS • What is irregular 2 Councillor \Dee It is not a lucrative situation. ,Tbs MAYOrt : I l',ll Councillor Muir to order. tuncillor ROBERTS, resuming, said he was not going o ,read upon any body's corns.

Councillor MUIR : It is just like you. ' CoUndir ROBERTS: lam in the very best humeur, Mr. Muir. Councilor Melt:: 1-.,11 do not look like it. coungiu,ar Bonnirrs hoped everybody would keep their tempers as well as him.- Ile would say a feu- phitn things in a plain manner, for the truth hadto.be so, keo. (" Question!) If it was not the truth he should he glad to withdraw what he stated. He had, always understood—and he was open to correction if be was wrong—that the fees paid to the elective auditors were divided with the Mayor's auditor. Councillor Mum : No. Councillor ROBERTS said whether that was so or not Councillor Muir himself knew. But he (the speaker) did know this much, ,that in the time of Councillor Muir's predecessor the fees were equally divided between the elective - auditors -and the Mayor's auditor. Mr. MUIR : All the more honourable to the Mayor's _ auditor.- Councillor ROBERTS : And whether the position of Mayor's auditor be a highly remunerative one or not, they knew perfectly well that the Mayor's auditor...was the only member of the Council who received any modey for what he did in the interests of the town, and as that etnolument might be subject to a reduction in the event of a professional auditor being appointed, he cauld quite understand the opposition of Councillor Muir to the carrying of the resolution under consideration. He was not quite as disinterested as he would have them believe. All the gentlemen who were now posing as econo mists were present at the time that resolution was up for dis•- cussion, and surely it showed very little fan, their desire to Prevent the creation of a new office if there was not one to second the amendment of Dr. Cannel!. The Council had committed itself—he did net say irreCocably for any council could go back on the action of a pre- vious council. But it would be childish and unbusi- ness-like, after they had decided upon certain principled, and when they were going to put these principles into practice, for members of the Council to raise objections which they had not the courage to do at the time when the principles involved were under con- sideration. It seemed to him that if the Finance Committee had selected somebody else,. this opposi- tion would never have arisen. (Hear, hear.) Personally he should have been glad, for some reasons, if the Finance Committee had appointed someone from outside Warrington. (Hear, hear.) Babe was afraid from what had been evolved in the discussion, and from what had been present in the minds of the mem- bers of the Council and others outside the Council, it was not because the committee had not selected Mr. Harmood Banner, but because the committee selected Mr. Shaw Green. It was not Mr. Shaw Green's capa- bility or suitability for the office, but it was his polities to which objection was made. (Hear, hear, and laugh- ter.) He said it in all possible good humour, and if gentlemen told him that was not so, all he had to say was that his experience of political parties was giving him the impression that they were improving as they got older. (Laughter.) Ile had just one other pro- test., No one in that room had ventured to say a word— and he did not think for an instant that there was a member of the Council that would venture to say a word against the personal character of Mr. Shaw Green— (hear, hear)—but he thought that it was quite time that some of them should express themselves in unmis- takable language about. the references that were occa- sionally made by Councillor Dixon to the personal char- acter of the different members of the Council and its officers. There was not a single man in that room, if any value was to be attached to the utterances of Coun- cillor Dixon, whose character would be safe for five minutes. (Laughter and hear, hear.) While those in the room thoroughly understood and appreciated at their proper value the references that Councillor Dixon occasionally made to personal characters,lanfortunately there were other people who did not know him as well as they did, and who might be inclined to attach too much importance to what he said. It was as little as they could do to protest against that kind -of thing as members of the Corporation and as gentlemen, so that the personal characters of the mem- bers of the Corporation and officials should not be assailed from time to time from that quarter. , (Hear, hear.) Of course Councillor Dixon was a great. humor- ist. (Laughter.) He understood him to say that Coun- cillor Shaw-Green had created the office of auditor for himself. Councillor DIXON : I said frcm that side of the table I had heard it spoken. Councillor ROBERTS appealed to the members of the Council as to whether what he said was not quite correct. It induced Alderman Holmes to get up and protest against the statement made. Councillor Dixon was un- consciously the great humorist of the Corporation. •He told them that the manufacturers of Warrington had been consulting him— Councillor DIXON : Quite so, time after time. Councillor ROBERTS said he could only suppose that that was intended for a stupendous joke, because he (Mr. Roberts) knew a few of the manufacturers of War- rington, and he might be disposed, by a very great stretch of imagination, to believe that one or two might occasionally consult Councillor Dixon upon questions of municipal government, but he thought those indivi- duals were few and far between. Councillor Dixon must have intended it for a joke, and he hoped the Council would treat it as such. At any rate,.. he had heard nothing that night which had convinced him that the opposition to the resolution would hear investigation for a moment. If the opposition was to the post and not' to the officer, he was quite prepared• to accept the de- cision of the Council and abide by it, and if they settled the question that an auditor was not required, let it be settled for five or ten years. The Marna said Alderman Holmes had spoken about the necessity for a professional auditor some time ago. Councillor HEPHERD said he would support the amend- ment. He did not think Councillor Green was the best applicant at the time nomination was made. - Alderman 'Lummox said he would vote for the Com- mittee's proposal. Councillor Borzois did not think any member of the Council ought to apply for an office of that description as long as he was a member of the Council. If Coun- cillor Green had resigned his position he would have supported the motion for his election. Alderman HOLMES had listened to many objections which had been raised, some of them being of an ex- traordinary character. The debate was also of the most extraordinary character he had ever heard. They de- cided unanimously at the meeting of the Council to have a professional nu litor, and would the Council stultify itself and make fools of the Finance Committee by objecting to their proceedings ? He wished to say a word or two to Councillor James Fairclough. He was sorry to have to contradict that gentleman. Be had said that the question of the professional auditor had emanated from Councillor Green. That was not true; nothing of the sort. He (Alderman Holmes) took the responsibility of having originated the appointment. He hoped, therefore, they would hear nothing more about the suggestion, The voting was then proceed with, and resulted as follows For the amendment : Against the amendment : Alderman Wright Alderman Holmes Qouncil!or ii T. Fairclough „ Chandley II Bolton 11 Blackhurst CilhEZ2 91 Harrison Hill Codzeillor rleming if Smethurst Robert. 4 9. Muir ~Flood 9. Ashton Bon nell 99 Shaw Hutchingon ~Wilkinson .9 Plunipton 91 Jas. Fairclough Browne—U. „ Hepherd tp Heaton „ Dixon „ Tinsley-15. The %YOE : Fifteen for the amendment, and eleven against it. I declare the amendment carried. Alderman Br...acxnunsT : I would like to ask what position the Finance Committee are ht to-night. The Tows? CLERK : If you will refer to the resolution passed at the last meeting, you will find that the Town Clerk was instructed to advertise for applications for the appointment of a professional auditor. That has been done. Councillor ROBERTS : The whole thing now falls to the I ground. for the time being. The Tows' CLERK : Yes, it d.es.

Alderman IlontEs : If anything goes wrong the Council will be responsible. and not the Finance Com- mittee. The remainder of the minutes were then agreed to.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
STREET IMPROVEMENT COMMITTEE:.

--- Alderman Strrrox proposed the adoption of the Street improvement Committee's minutes. Councillor MUIR seconded the motion. • Councillor FLEMING asked if that Committee hail the , right to permit the hanging of " sky-signs " in the streets. Their existence was a standing danger to life. He had some time Ago mentioned the dangers of grids on the footpath, and he hoped in drawing their attention to the dangers ot these signs more heed would be paid Ito the matter. Alderman SUTTON explained that the Committee could I not prevent the signs being hung. They could only compel people to comply with the regulations relating to ' size and height and weight. ,1 The minutes were then put and carried. THE SMALLPDX EPIDEMIC. TIIE FIRE AT THE - HOSPITAL. Alderman SUTTON moved the adoption of the minutes of the Health Committee. In doing so he drew attention to a resolution in which the Committee recommended the Council to receive infectious cases from the Newton Commissioners district at the terms of 15s. per week per patient and £lOO per year for establishment expenses. With regard to smallpox in Warrington, he could inform them that during the past few weeks there lad been an average of three cases each week admitted into the hos- pital. That morning there were only 22 cases in the hospital. The medical officer considered that the epi- demic was dying, and hopes were entertained that-soon they would have no cases amongst them. The staff at the hospital wculd bc gradually reduced and the expenses brougkt down as low as possible. He should like also to refer to the fire which occurred at the hospital in Aiken-St., last month, and which resulted in the com- plete destruction of the corrugated iron building. The structure was erected about eight or ten months ago,and was originally intended for a smallpox hospital, and

I was -fitted up with 23 beds. Owing to the delay, how- ever, which occurred in its construction and the rreeet. demand tor isola tine at the time. accommodation' hail to Ibe provided at the Hope Hospital to cope with the groe;lter, diffieulties. An Inquiry had been held into 111 P eireemstances of the fire and they bad found that a 3 uauit theie had been many exaegereted reports eireu- Wert They bad taken the evidence of the witneeses which could he read by any member who ,wished to see it: They bad been able to arrive'at no definite opinion ;as to how the fire had originated. The matron, Miss Walker, and Mr. Broomfield asserted that the fire had been caused through the wood near which the stove pipe ran, being ignited by the heat of the pipe. But a repro- sentetive of the firm who supplied the stove and the contractor contended that it was bnpOssible for the con- flagration to have been started in that manner. The I estimated damage was between £7OO or £BOO. and the most unfortunate part of the affair was that the build; ' ing was not insured, . Why this had been overlooked he eould not say. fie always understood, and he thought other members of the Council thought the sane% that there was some official whose duty it was to see that all Corporati en property was insured, or at least that the • matter was brought up before the different Committees. Councillor Fr.noo seconded the adoption of the minutes Councillor R. T. FAIRCLOOGII said he was sorry the committee hal sustained such an unfortunate loss. But it seemed to him that when they sustained a lass of that charicter, a "record of the event should be placed on the minutes for future reference. • Councillor Borrost wanted to know why the building had not been insured. So far as he was concerned he had alwa vs been under the impression that it vra*-3 the allotted duty of some official of the Corporation to See that all property was insured. , The MAYOR referred the meeting to a resolution in another part of the agenda for insuring all Corporation property. - Councillor Peumseroer asked if it was true .that the matron of the' hospital had refused to accept assistance front the AVorklesuse officials at the time of the fire. He ' should also like to say that he considered all Corporation property should be insured. He noticed now that they were going in for insuring everything, including fire- men. (A Voice " And they ought to be.") The hos- pital was a blunder from the beginning to the end e it had been a waste of money in as much as it could not be used for what it was intended. (Hear, hear.) Councillor SIIAW said, with regard to Councillor Plumpton's question as to the alleged refusal of assistance from the Workhouse, that Mrs. Ward, the Workhouse matron, had a note from Miss Walker, the matron of the hospital, thanking her for the proferred assistance. He also oemplained of the absurd position of the fire bell. Councillor Eleeirosa alluding to the alleged refusal of assistance tiy the matron of the hospital said it woe evidently the outcome of a misunderstanding, and it was impassible for people at a fire to keep calm and col- lected and avoid such thin es happening. Councillor Boemete said it was a shame and a dis- grace that there was not a sufficient supply of water at the hospital to work the engine. If it had not been for the workhonse hose they could not have worked the engine. Councillor BRAMAN said that on one point he was not sorry that the building at Aikin-st. had been burned down, for from the nature of the material composing the structure, had a fire occurred while the inmates were in the hospital, no power could have arrested it. Be did not belfeve that thefire could have been quenched had the brigade arrived even within two minutes after the discovery of the outbreak. Instead of quibbling and trying to father the omission of insurance on to some one, let them home that when the next hospital was built, that it wold be without the range of possibility of a fire occurring. (Hear, hear.) • Councillor DIXON was of opinion that the fire had originated from the stove pipe. Respecting the duty of insuring Corporation property, he said the late Alder- man Flepherd informed him that the responsibility of insuring property rested with the chairman of -the Committee under whose control the property was. He had understood that the samerrule still existed. • Alderman SUTTON remarked tbat the discussion had led to one thing—to convincing some of them how clever they were, and how apt to seize on every opportunity to convince the public and their constituents how they attended to their interests. (Laughter.) It would have been a great deal more sagacious on the part of the 1 gentlemen who had told them that the property was not insured to have told the Council before the fire occurred. (Laughter.) Regarding the refusal of proffered assist- ance from the WorkhOusa authorities at the fire he could I not ery anything. They had, however, a forcible illus- tration sor ofif rtel:e desirability of a better water supply in ca .

The minutes were then carried. SANITARY WORKS COMMITTEE.—A SCENE. Councillor BEAMAN proposed the adoption of the min- utes of the Sanitary Works Committee. In doing so he drew attention to the resolutbin which dealt with some radical alterations in the collection of pails. That was being:llone without any prejudice to their admirable inspector of nuisances, Mr. Ralph Norman. The Com- mittee found that through the Public Health Act and the Public Health Amendment Act, a number of new duties devolved on their inspector, and he had enough to do to look after the nuisances in the town. Alderman HARRISON pointed out that the judgment of the committee must have been very defective in the past in respect of a resolution for the abolition of the urinals in Buttermarket-st., and Winwick-st. The question as to their unpleasantness ought to have been considered before the large outlay, which had been involved, was expended. For his part, he did not see any special objec- tion to the urinals. Councillor BROWNE said that he had received repeated complaints in regard to the Buttermarket-st. urinal. It was so placed that drivers found it very difficult to pass and frequently many narrow escapes had occurred. A somewhat lively debate foll Awed on the subject of the urinals in which Alderman Sutton. Alderman Harri- son. Councillors Heaton, Shaw, Flood, Bolton, and others took part. Councillor Sails next drew attention to the proposals of the committee regardieg the dealing with nightsoil. He said that only a short time ago. Mr. Deas was highly praised by the committee for his work, yet now they wished to remove him from his position, and place In- spector Church in his post. (Cries of " Nonsense.") Ile assured the Council that they would soon see Mr. Dees walking about during the week-day in a black coat. Why it was desired to make Inspector Church a sanitary works inspector be could not under- stand, for the pails were well collected and delivered, and • deposited under the inspection of Inspectors Norman, Church. and Powell. He recommended the committee to take away several small Offices which Inspector Norman had taken since he be- came an inspector, and thus enable him to undertake the dillies which he was engaged to perform.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
'HIE EXAMINER. SATURDAY, JUNE 10, 1893.

Another digensMon to7c place iirrm the mnoval of the vrinaletand an nrrlancl,nunt w.ig put; finite eUeet that they e not detn,)liAhrti iII (Y! hir acroymnodation was pro- _ .

•Councillor Suaw it,t•-rrui.ted, and asilecl If he could not moie ail amendment. Councillor DLit. : I second it. The MAYOR : What is the amendmeqt ? (Laughter.) Ynu have not submitted one yet. It calliot be seconded until it is stated. (Latighter.)' 0400cillor SHAW : I move that the labours of cer- tain ofEeers connected with the Corporation, nainely,at Longford tail in- the borough, remain as they are. This was ruled out of order and Councillor Shaw moved an amendment on :inns suggested by the Town Clerk. Hemloved that the first two resolutions on the nage containing the minute in question be net passed. The first minute contained some reference to neatsfoot oil, but this Counciller Shaw did not perceive, and when he moved his resolution it was received with loud , laughter. The Tows Crittur exPlained to Councillor Shaw his mistake, and asked him if he wished to have the resolu- tkn regarding thelneatsfoot oil expunged ? (Laughter.) Alderman Surros (facetiously) : Do you object to the neatsfoot oil now ?

Councillor Silaw : No. (Laughter.) Councillor PILL: I second the resolution. Alderman SorroN : And the neatsfoot oil too. (Laughter.) Councillor Hitt: Never mind that.

Councillor ROBERTS it had been found necessary to arrange for a better inspection of the col- lection and delivery of the excreta, and the work had been given to Inspector Church, who had been engaged particularly for that. Some person of course, must be held responsible for the propey conduct of the work,and it was thought that Mr. Deas should be made respon- sible in preference to anyone else. As the department was complete in itself, Mr. Deas would be responsible for the proper collection as well as the treatment of the excreta. ,fhv amendment was put, but was only supported by the mover and seconder. _ .

The minutes were then put and carried. • PAVING AND SEWERAGE COMMITTICE.-FOREMAN OF SCAVENGERS.

• The committee, at a meeting held on the 29th May, recommended the appointment of an independent fore- man of scavengers at a Salary. of 30s. a week. Alderman Mao-sr proposed • the confirmation of the minutes, and said the committee wished to make an alteration in one of the minutes, namely. 'fh place the salary of the foreman of scavengers at 355. a week, instead of 303. a week. The committee were going on as rapidly as possible with street snaking. Councillor 112.a.r0w seconded the rnotiop for the passing of the minutes. . .

...... Alderman BLACKHURST thought it was quite time an independent foreman of scavengers was arpointed, bocause if there was one department more than another that required attention it was the department in ques- tion. There was no town in Lancashire where scaveng- ing was worse looked alter than in Warrington. Councillor MUIR defended the committee from the statements made by the last speaker. The minutes were then confirmed. SCHOOL ATTENDANCH COMMIT IISH.

The Minutes of the above committee were of a routine character, and they were passed without comment, on the motion of Councillor FLEMING, seconded by Alder- man BLACKIIIIRsT.

MUSEUM COMMITTERTIIII LATE MR. rimatow's PICTURES. _ _

Councillor 11011ERTS moved tho confirmation of the minutes of the above committee, and referred to the handsome loan of the Barlow collection of pictures. The loan was one of which special mention should be made. The committee considered they were very much indebted to Mr. John Barlow for the gener- ous manner in which the offer had been made, and also from the fact that it involved them in so little expense and risk. And there was this fact, which was greater than any other, that he had conferred on the public an opportunity of seeing a collection of pictures of the best character. The works were in themselves a liberal col- lection in art. He hoped the people of Warringtonmen, women, and children, would take advantage of every opportunity of seeing the pictures, which would, he be- lieved, remain on view until February next. Councillor Mom seconded. Councillor It. T. FAIRCLOUGII referred to the question of music, which he said should be added to the list of instructions given by the Technical Instruction Comuilt- tee.

Councillor Roman promised that the question intro- duced by Councillor Fairclough should receive the con- sideration of the committee, but their power was very much restricted by the Act which governed all their operations. If they did not do what was desired of them the fault would not rest with the committee. That should be understood. The minutes were passed. CEMETERY COMMITTEE. On the motion of Alderman flesolsoN, seconded by Councillor HELTON, the minutes of the Cemetery Com- mittee were agreedfto. THE CONDITION OF THE NEW BAWL-COMPLIMENT TO

===== 0002601_18930610_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BOROUGH SURVEYOR.

Alderman CHANDLEY, in submitting the minutes sf the Town Hall, Park and Baths Committee, said the report dealing with the centralization ef municipal offices had been submitted to the General Purposes Committee. He also alluded to the opening of the new plunge bath, and remarked that there had been a very large number of bathers since that occasion. So far the baths appeared to have given ur.iversal satisfaction. The committee wished to express their thanks to the Borough Surveyor for his services in connection with the baths ; his trouble and difficulties were simply unknown. (Hear, hear.) No one in Warrington knew better than he (the Alder- man) did, the immense amount of trouble Mr. Longdin had gone through. He had worked very hard to bring about the present state of things, and on one occasion he was up until three o'clock in the morning pushier on operations. His services were -very much appreciated by the committee. (Hear, hear.) Councillor BOLTON seconded the motion. Councillor HEPHERD remarked that the water in the new plunge bath on Monday morning was not fit for bathing purposes. Councillor BROWNS suggested that additional seats should be provided for use in the Park. On Sunday afternoon, when a band was vresent, there were thous- ands of spectators, but no sitting accommodation was to be had. Alderman SurroN said a ratepayer had complained to hint very much that the committee had taken advan- tage of him. He had purchased a season ticket, and the water, instead of being changed twice a week, as promised, was only changed once a week.

Aldetin-an CRANDLEY remarked that thare was some ground for, complain't with regard to the- water in C•e bath, but after 1,200 men had been in it,the water could I not be expected to be in ,good condition. The. bath would be emptied more regelarlv in the future. There had been a ' thisunclerstandims. He promised that the Committee would deal with d'ouncillorltroWno's sugg,es- tion as far as they could. The minutes were then passed .

MARKETS- COMMITTEE.

The minutes of the Markets Committee contained a resolution to the effect that the Market Hall and sheds be insured.

On the motion of the MAYOR, seconded by Alderman BLecrurunsr, the minutes were agreed to. -

GAS. COMMITTBE.

At a meeting held on the sth May it was resolved that the Town Hall, Palk and Baths Committee be requested to make provision at the Town Hall for the secretary, clerks; and, collectors of the department.

Councillor R. T. FAIRCLOUGH moved the adoption of the minutes of the committee.

The motion was seconded by Councillor HEPHIM), and carried.

ivERS CO74IIITTER.

The minutes of this Committee were passed on the motion of Councillor R. T. FAIRCLOITOR, seconded by Councillor ROBERTS.

FIRE ENGINE COMMITTEE.-•A NEW ENGINE. . _

The Fire Engine Committee have accepted the tender of Messrs. Merryweather and Son to supply a No. 2 Greenwich pattern steam fire engine for £525 ; the two manual engines to be advertised for sale. It has also ' been decided that the engine station and contents be in- sured, and that the Borough Treasurer ascertain upon what terms firemen can be insured against accident or death. C..uncillor HUTCHINSON moved the confirmation of the minutes of the above committee, and referred to the ar- rangements which had been made for the purchase of the new steam lire engine. He said the committee would now beset up for many years to come. Councillor Dr. CANNELL secsnded the motion, which was agreed to.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
WATER COMMITTEE.

Alderman Fasscoms, in moving the confirmation of the minutes of th!s committee, referred to the resolution dealing with the Ship Canal Committee, which read as follows :—" The Manchester Ship Canal Company hay- refused to pay the Corporation a lump sum for the lay- ing of the pipes through the subways at Twenty Step Bridge, resolved that Mr. Ross be Instructed to put the work in hand and charge the company with the cost." The Ship Canal Company did not exactly agree with their terms, but the committee had since instructed Mr. Ross to go on with the work of laying the pipes under Twenty Step Bridge. He thought the company would agree to pay the cosE, whatever it was. (Hear, hear.) A deputation from the Infirmary having waited on the committee upon the subject of obtaining a better supply of water for fire extinguishing purposes at the Infirmary, it was resolved that the Win wick main be extended from Tanners-lane through Bewsey-street and Edge- worth-street to Legh-street. The committee never met now, without considering means to provide better appli- ances for the extinction of fires in the borough, and the present was part of a scheme which would ultlinately run throughout the town. Since then the committee had spent much money to improve that state of things, as they were anxious to make the town as secure as possi- ble from fires. With regard to Chat Moss, Professor Boyd Dawkins said he was of opinion that the proposed works of the Manchester Corporation would not affect the water supply of Warrington. The committee were afraid some of the filth might drain into their water env/4y, but the Professor said it would not be injured at all. lie said,however,that the contaminated water would find its way into the adjacent streams, the Glazebrook and the Dwell, along the surface, along with the other surface waters. They would, therefore, get sadly too much of it under Warrington Bridge. The Alderman then proceeded to refer to the excellent report of the Town Clerk on the financial aspect of the water works, published in last Saturday's Examiner. _ . .

Alderman Surron alluded to the supply of water to Penketh, and remarked that he could not see where the profits would come in in some oases for the committee, if they agreed to supply the village on the terms suggested. It seemed to him that the Rural Sanitary Authority would be the gainers and the committee the losers by the present arrangement. Perhaps he was wrong. Councillor ROBERTS suggested that the resolution of the Water Committee should be altered to read as follows : " The committee having received an application from the Warrington Rural Sanitary Authority for the supply of water to Penketh, resolved that the necessary mains be laid and the supply furnished, upon the Rural Sani- tary Authority agreeing to guarantee to the Corporation an annual payment at the rate of 13i per cent, on the capital outlay, such sum to he reduced from time to time by an equitable proportion of the amount received for the water supply to the district." That would leave the question entirely open. The TOWN CLERK said that by law the inhabitants of any part of the district might demand a supply of water at a charge not exceeding ten per cent, on the cost of the .outlay, and the committee came to the conclusion, after discussing various points, that Si percent. would be sufficient to cover the amount..

Councillor Romners : I am satisfied after the explana- tion of the Town Clerk.

The minutes were then agreed to..

The adoption of the mintites of the General Purposes Committee, without discussion, concluded the business of the meeting.

00 NOT NEGLECT -.- Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago, Piles, Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaints. Diseases of Kidneys, Bladder, Urinary Organs, Stone, Gleet, Stric- ture, Sciatica, Rheumatism, and Gout, will find a positive cure In Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box, and If not satisfied your money will be returned. Price is Of all chemists, or post free for 12 stamps from lioLo- norn'a Medical Hall, Cleekheaton, Yorks. Don't be put off. If you cannot get them write to the Proprietor, and a box will be sent next post.—Advt. Considerable havoc has been caused by a thunder- storm in Brooklyn and New York. A warehouse full of cotton has been burned in Brooklyn, the damage being estimated at 100.000 dots. MEDICAL.

SCIIO^L MANAG EMENT. The &Mal Management Committee rvcommended that .he salary of Mr. Parr, one of the teachers at Green way- road sclicol,be increased to £6O. Passed.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE.

On the recommendation of the Finance Committee a number of accounts amounting to over £2OO were passed chiefly the salaries of teachers. The balance at the bank to meet these accounts was stated to be only £35, and it was decided to ask the overseers to make a pay- ment on account of the precept. _ _

. _ THE EVENING SCHOOLS. The Clerk presented the report of H. M. Inspector ' with respect to the evening schools. The Inspector 1 states : " This school is taught with zeal and ability and the results of the examination in both elementary and class subjects are highly satistactorv." The number of times the school was open was 63 and the average attendance 39.5. There were 46 pupils presented for examination ; and there were 48 passes in reading, 45 in writing, 37 in arithemetic, 30 in Engli!h, 9, algebra; 10, mensuration; 25, history. The total grant was £32 4s.— The Clerk also presented a statement of the income and expenditure for the year ended April 30th 1893. The income was £52 83. 4d., and the expenditure reached exactly a similar sum.—Mr. Handley pointed out that £1 9s. 4d. only was required from the rates, so that virtually the evening schools paid for themselves.— The Clerk pointed out that a new code for evening schools had been issued, which would come into operation for next session. He had noted some distinctive features which would be of interest to intending pupils. In the first place there was an extended curriculum and an entire freedom of choice of subjects. Secondly there was a new class subject, viz. : " The life and duties of the citizen." Thirdly. no ! scholars would be compelled to take the elementary subjects—reading, writing and arithmetic. Fourthly, the annual examination was abolished. Fifthly, the Inspector would visit the school with or without notice once or twice during the session and report as to the general efficiency of the school. Sixthly, the grant would be based on the numb.ar of hours devoted to each subject and variable from Is. or is. 811., according to the Inspector's report.—Mr. Imison : There is no individual examination then.—The Clerk: No.—Mr. Imison observed that it was practically the abolition of pay- ment by results. This was the whole of the buisness:

===== 0002601_18930610_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
MUNICIPAL AMENITIES AT WIGAN.

At the monthly meeting of the Wigan Town Council, held on Wednesday, Alderman Ackerley moved a resolu- tion, that in the opinien of the Council, the conduct of Councillor Woods in attacking him at a public meeting was derogatory to the dignity of the Council. At a meeting in the Drill Hall, Councillor Woods said in a speech that Alderman Ackerley was the " great mercen- ary of the Tory party, and as clerk of the union received more money from the rates thon any pauper, and it was perhaps fortunate for him that he did -so."—Alderman Ackerley. referring to the remarks made by Councillor Woods, said that he had not received Is-for his services to his party since he had taken a public position. He considered that it was unfair that a member of the Coun- cil should be gibetted before a public meeting, and his personal character bespattered with mud.—Councillor Woods was of opinion that personal matters should net be brought into the Council. They would soon be hav- ing inquiries as to whether certain aldermen and coun- cillors, were sober after Corporation banquets, and they would be the laughing stock ef the whole country if these personal matters were allowed.—Councillor Farri- mond : What are we now ?—Councillor Richard Johnson spoke in defence of Councillor Woods. Com- menting on the ruling of the Mayor on one occasion, he said he was a partisan Mayor.—Councillor Kellet : It's a lie. (" Order,order."j—Councillor Johnson ultimately withdrew the remark,adding that he thought the Mayor endeavoured to be a non-partisan.—Alderman Acker- ley was ultimateiy allowed to address the Council again, and explained that Councillor Woods had displayed a reckless malignity in his attack when he had referred to his connection with the Primrose League, which, he contended was a body independent of the Conservative party of the town. He admitted that as provincial secretary of the league he received a salary.—After several proposals for avoiding further discussion, the motion was put to the meeting, and carried by the Con- servatives, the Liberals refusing to vote.

•Mas. S. A. Antics -

NAT ORLD'3

HAIR IiES4'OIIER

The natural colour re- stored and preserved.

An absolutely per- fect Hair Restorer

and Dressing.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIL PARLIAM EN P.

MONDAY. In the House of Commons on '‘'tnnday rvc.•ning Mr. GLAnsTosninforin.hi Mr. Leighton htt the Government

.. had no objrction to introduce an amendment into the Welsh Stmensory Bill-which would atiow—tif patronage—private adriwsons—being brought within the scope of the bill by crmsent of the persons hateros!ed in the advowsons, and he added that there was one - parish with which he (Mr. Gladstone was 'intimater acquainted where that consent would be given. Mr. CidMIIKRLAIN called attention to-a report in tile, "Daily 'News" of an incident in Thursday night's debit # in Committee on the Mamie Rule Bill which he consider wrongfully imputed to himself and the Opposition 6- deliberate attempt to insult the Premier, He moved that the report, and comments thereon constituted a breach of privilege.. Mr. T. P. CYCONNO:I moved an' amendment that the House dentin(' to taxe notica of these extracts. Mr. GLADSTONIE thought that the '''pety.; sistent and continued interruptions" imputeti by thiel "Daily News". existed only in the imagination of the writer. He himself was not conscious of any insult, and he thought it would not beseem the dignity of the House to enter into further discussion. Mr. tikurcirrn.le a short speech very complimentary to the Prime Minis- ter, claimed for his parry that they desired to give Mr. Gladstone not only fair play but more than fair play, and motion and amendment were. then-withdrawn. Tne House weaJt into Committee again on the Home Rule Bill, resuming consideration of clause 3.

In the House of Lords, the Duke of Ittcturoxo moved his resolution with regard to the appointment of county magistrates. It pointed out that by long-established custom the county justices had been appointed on the recommendation of the Lords _Lieutenant, and stated that in the opinion if the House it was inexpedient to disturb the nave for the purpose of placing on the bench justices whose political opinions were in consonance with those of the Government of the day. The Marquis of RIPON opposed the resolution, saying that the fact that the Liberal party was in a atinoritv on the county bench, and that the property qualification tended to keep fit persons off the b-nch, created dissatisfaction calculated to weaken confidence in the justices. The Government had no desire to make these appointments political. Lord Cross, Lord Sefton, the Edrl of Kitnberley, the Lord Chancellor, and the Marquis of Salisbury took part in the discussion, special reference being made to the appointment of magistrates in this county and to, the attitude of Mr. Bryce. Finally the motion was agreed to, and their Lordships adjourned.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
TUESDAY.

In the House of Lords on Tuesday,. the Bishop of CUESTRR moved the second reading of the Authorised Companies (Liquor) Bill, which he said did not interfere in any way with personal freedom, but proposed to in- troduce into this country a system which had been suc- cessful in Sweden and Norway, and had been adopted in principle by the Federal Government of Switzerland. The licensing authority was untouched by the bill. The- Duke of ARGYLL said that if the motion for a second reading were passed to a • division lie should not vote against it. The Duke of WksvlnusTun believed that there was a general demand for further restrictions upon the sale of intoxicating liquors. The Marquis of SALIS- BURY said his opinion was that it would be better not to , press the secord.reading, but if it were pressed he should - not vote against it. The motion for the second reading was negatived without a division.

In thelliouse of COmmons, Sir Wm. HARCOURT, reply- ing to Mr. Hopwood as to the Board of Customs requir- ing applicants for the pot of boatmen to have been successfully vaccinated within the last seven years, said he should for the safety of his own family require those who lived In his house to be vaccinated, and, if neces- sary, re-vaccinated, and he was not prepared tcerecoro- mend a different practice in the public service..

Mr. Asum, replying. to Mr.S.eir Hardie regarding an allegation in. the "Pall Mall Gazette"tha.t the Postmaster General had won his seat by bribery,. said he did nat think anything had occurred which called upon the Public Prosecutor to take action—a remark which was greeted with loud laughter. Dr. Cr.knis introduced a bill which WAS read a first time to abolish the elective disabilities of women.. The House went into Committee on the Home Rule Bill, again taking uP sub-section ffaf Clause 3, which proposes to except from the legislative powers of the Irish Assembly "treason, treason-felon)), alienage, or naturalisation." Mr. BUTCHER proposed to insert after " treason-felony "the words" conspiracy and combina- tion." Mr. MORLEY defended the clause as it stood.and Mr. BALPOUR spoke in favour of the amendment. which was eventually negatived by a. majority of 41.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
WhDNESDAY.

The House of Corn-.n—c;b—s on —li7ednesday went into committee on the Home Rule Bill, resuming the discus- sion on Mr. Brodrick's proposal to add to the exceptions in Clause 3." the immigration and expulsion of aliens, the rights of aliens resident in Ireland." Mr. J. ?gloater said the Government would be willing to. insert the word " aliens," so that the sub-section before the committee wculd read " aliens, alienage„ or naturalisation." Mr. BRODRIcE. assented, and withdrew his amendment. Mr. T. Healey, Mr. Clancy, Mr. Seaton,. and Mr. Redmond spoke more or less strongly against the amendment pro- posed by Mr.. Morley. Mr.. GELDSSONS said the Govern- ment wanted to he perfectly certain that the words of the section were sufficient to keep in the hands of the Imperial Government and Imperial Parliament what- ever related to the fulfilment of Imperial obligations. He hoped the Nationalist members would accept the amendment. On a division, however, the Nationalists voted in a body against the Government. the Opposition voting with the Ministry, whose majority was 189, the amendment being csrrid. A verbal amendment, moved by Mr. Scx•rox, to insert after the word "alien" the words "as such," was rejected by a majority for the Government of 48. The Voluntary Conveyances Bill pissed through com- mittee, after a clause had been added, on the motion of Mr. S. MORLEY, extending its operation to Ireland. The Friendly Societies Act (1875) Amendment Bill was read a second time.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
THERSDAY,

In the House of Lords on Thursday, the Weights and Measures Bill was read a second time. lArd PIATFAIR moved the second reading of the North Sea Fisheries Bill, which re-enacts, with a few verbal alterations, the Act sf 1880, for giving effect to the In- ternational Convention signed by Great Britian, Gera mans-, France, Denmark, and the Netherlands. Lord SALI;BOHY spoke in favour of the bill, which was read a second time. Lord BALFOUR of Burleigh moved an address pray-.inthat her Majesty's consent might be withheld from the minute of the Committee of Council in Education in 'Scotland relating to secondary education, dated lot of May, 1893. The motion was adopted by a rnakority of 59.

In the House of Commons, Sir WILLIAM [LWICOURT replying to Sir R. Temple and Sir R. Paget,, said the arrangements as to the superannuation scaeme for elementary teachers must depend on the resoucces at the disposal of the Government, the state of the revenue, and the money they found themselves able b. devote to the purpose. Mr. GLADSTONE replied to a series of ,Ipsstions sug- gestive of more rapid methods for dealing with amend- ments to the Home Rule Bill, remarking that the pressure of the Irish question did not absolve the Government from their obtigatioas to the cluntry and responsibility ' in respect of other great measures /tie Great Britain. The House went into Committee on the Rome Rule Bill, and on Clause 3 Mr. Bartley proposed to leave out all after" trade," and insert " bounties. to promote Irish industries." Mr. Gladstone opposed the amendment. and Mr. Balfour and Mr. Chamberlain took part in the discussion. The amendment use negatived. At a later stage, Mr. BALFOUR and Mr. Assenosa questioned the Chairman's ruling, and the persistency of Mr. Ambrose provoked an exciting scene. Mr. Gladstone suggesting that he should be named, Amid a scene of prolonged excitement the Chairman at length called on Commander Bethell, and Ms. Ambrose left the House with what is described as an insulting bow to the Chairman,

===== 0002601_18930610_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
e th ?At 2to ti)te •

GIVE BA9B & COMFORT DURING TEETHING. Pleasant, CoeHug Aperient for Children ut all Ages. Try them and prove their value tor yoarselves. Sold everywhere in packets, is. lid. and 2s. 9d., or post 14 or 7,4 stamps.

PRITCHARD, CHEMIST, HEADLE. MANCHIISTER (late Chorlton Eot

°

===== 0002601_18930610_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt " o):amintr " Speritt

OP LANCASHIRE AND CRS-9111RK COUNTY NEWSPAPERS Comprises rrHE Warrington and Hid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- tithed every Saturday morning. TH g Earlostown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. rr HE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. FrHE Runcorn Examiner, published every Saturday 1 morning ; and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday morning.

PIIBPAIB ADVBETISBMBNTS. coming under the following heads are inserted in ALL the above-mentioned Papers for ONB CHARGH, as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WONTED, APARTMENTS TO RE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTINERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED, MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRITATIE CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE Ls.: OR SOLD. One Three Sir Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 28. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
i4N: nub ,

W ANTED, JOINRRS TO KIM' AWAY FROM OLD- HAM, during the diApute.

ACIHNTS wanted for jewellery, apoona, and eutlery.—Ad- dre.a DR , Eramtner Office, Warrington.

Aiv ANTBD.—FI.'!. IS HH R for Cardigan Jacket.—Apply PF:MB£RTOS, 35, Winwick-street. Warrington.

_ --- AGENTS WANTED to push first-clasa machinery oils. Liberal Commission —Box 22. Po.st Office, Liverpool.

wANTED, Second-hand Mr Compreeqors to be worked by water wheel.—Address W.. Exam'ner Oflice, War- rington.

FORBIGIN POSTAGH STAMPS.—OId c Ilections wanted, or old stamped envelopes.—J. LESCIILLES, Machynlletb, Montgomeryshire.

WANTED by DRESSMAKER. Sewing at Ladies House, by the day or week, terms moderate.— Box 36. Examiner Office, Warrington.

JOINERS wanted, wages Bd. pet hnur ; regular employ- ment tr ip.ad men.—Apply Emanuel WHITAKER. Rochd.le-rond Sawmills, Oldham.

NVANTED. a LAD accustomed to a Pony, and to mike himself generally useful.—Apply It. WHITE, Castle View, Higher Runcorn.

VANTBD. a YOUTH about 17 te go with Milk Float. one VV acettstomecl to driving. Live in. Apply J. W. WAT- mouGH. 76. Landsen-roatl. liverton. Liverpool.

APPIIHNTICH.—A well educated YOUTH required Al an apprentice in a general retail and dis- pensing businesi.—"H. M." Examiner (Mice. Warrington.

ADVERTISEMENT CANVASSERS required for St. Ilelees, Warrington. /to by the Northern Countles Stamp Distribution CO.. Limited. Middlesbrough, tor their post Age stamp (au'omalic) supply books ; first class men only —Apply by letter to H. A. JORDIION, Victoria Hotel, blanches e-.

TOBACCONISTS commencing. 111 d. Guide (?ost (ree.) Hnwtocommence. ToBACCONIne OrTFIT I'ING CO.. 186, Easton Road, London. Manager, Henry My... Bit. 1E66.

rrOBACCONISTS end those commencing should call or send 1 for our Price List. Competition defIed.—GOLDBERG.B, Paradise-st.. Liverpool. listAblished 1850.

LEFT OPP CLOTHES bought, best price for parcels for- X.. 1 warded, It not approved, goods returned.—Jamis GOB- New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326, 328, and 346, Deansga4e. Manchester.

SQBCOND-HAND DRBSS SUITS. Military, Theatrical,Band Uniforms for sale or hire.—Jamr.9 GORMAN, New and Sarnd-hand eh'thee Dealer, 326. 324 and 346, Deansrate, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits perfectly new at a third cost price.

gp a rtintilts, ifurniOtb 30otiOtg, Su.

SCAI:BOROUGH.—SWIFTS Private Hotel and B Arding- Bowie —Jonv B. SWIFT, Proprietor.

ORKCAMBlL—Comfortable L.partments, fncing Sea. private or public, term. moderate.-Mr. lIIONNTOV, Springfield.

A HOME PEON( HOMB.—Mrs. J. B. SEDTION, 7, 11. Watbriek street, Chapel-street, Blackpuo'. near the South Pier.

rIOLWYN Bay —Apartments.—Double-bedded Room And Sitting Room. 15e per week.—Jo.srs, Rdgbaston House, P..rk road,

LANFAIRFECILAN.—ComfortabIe APARTMISNTS, on the Parade. Terms moderate.—Mrs.JoNPs, B. Glan-y- Mor Terrace.

3?.. Water-it . West P.m-Ade. COMFOETABLE APARTMENTS near sea; mode.-ate ternis.—Mrs. ARTHUR 8 eTTON.

LIOUTHPORT.—APARTMENTS, beautifully turniehe.i ; 10 central and moderate charges. comfortable home. bath, w.c.-8, Derby Road.

JALANDUDNO.—dpartmente (with or without board), at J. M. HOLLIDAY'S Gioddaeth-it., coufectioner, de. Terms on applimtion.

ALlSS.—Large furnit.hed Sitting-room and two Bed- rootnr at a farm Ihi besutlful country.—Apply 11.A.J , Llanrhaladr, Oawestry.

ADIFI.II3IDE.—Two sitting. Ave or six bedrooms. toge- the.. or serisrately, g Men, "splendid views.— Mrs. MARTIN, awoden Bank.

TJEEL, ISLE OP MAN.—Corrif, ri able APARTMENTS overlookhqg bay and castle, eLaie to be ,ch.—Mrs. QUAYLC, 5, Peveral Terrace.

COLWYN BAY NORTH WALE. Cliffor4 IhArding Establishment, 2 Central Bid tthqrs, Aberr„ele-road. terms from 21s. to 30s. weekly.

RHYL —Cnmfortable APARTNITENTS. dome to 8.1% end station, with every home com.ort. m, dere.. terms.— Apply Mrs. OWENS, 10. Witter-st.

109YMABNMAWIL—Forni M shed Deehed VILLA. or JL Aoertmente. near sea; eharmin; situatiGn, modern conveniene.a.—BKTa. l'enrhyo Villa.

APARTMENTB.—SItting-ronm and two •hetirootns to It. good motritnin and s.a view, terml Fern MU. Vanf.lrieclum. N. Wales.

mirk kamounr.-GOOD APAISSIKENTri —splend d view. twme romforts. terms mo&rate, highly recommended. Stem:, for reply.—Mrs. MAXFIELD, Sea View.

QBASIDB COTTAGE; six apartments, beautiful situation, retlre4 summer months ; plate, l'nen if required.— Miss Dicasox, Donn Cottage, near Xirkenclbright.

D ALA TAKR.—SITTING and double-bedded ROOM; bracing air and pretty tc2nery, 15.. a week, or for •peemanewey.—Mlss CHADWICK, College View, Bale.

II HYL —Comfortuble APARTMBNTS ; close to church; mountain vlew ; five minutes from sPa end station ; terms moderate. —Apply MrS.ETANS, I. Castle-view.

TSUI OF MAN. Good accommodation for visitors with or without board.—Mrs. LINGARD (We Of Warrington). York House, Castle Drive. Douglas (near the palace).

EIsEEL, ISLE OF MAN.—Fornlshed Honse or Apart 1 minas ; delightful situation. splendid views ; thre minutes from Seanlift. -Miss NIL, Seutti-view Villa.

DOUGLAS.—HENDItreI, ROTIIRSAY, Private Hotel and boarding. house. 15 and 18, Loch Promenade, moderate tariff.—lt. A. HENDRY, (fate of lf.almoral House), Proprietor.

("MEAN ant 4 comfortable LODGINGS at Do 'las Douse, 1..) No 8. St Georg-.it. off Atl,M-et. ono minute's walk from railway station terms moderate.—Douglas. Isle of Man.

FrALBITTON. Crlecier h. North W.les. TO BM LIST, Fur- Dished. Or APAIITIIJCNTS ; four ell ting-rooms, facing ma. • htvett bedrooms. hot and ,cold b.ith. —Apply CaprAlo ROWLAND+.

NORTH WALES.—APARYMENTS TO LICT, withtn three minutee .nlk from Den etation,6ose to TWA Church- colteg.' and laUe, with free fishing —Apply EVANS, Try. weryn Villa, Bala.

TaLB OF MAN. DOUGLAS. 19 Derby S4liare.—APAßT- -3iBIITS, with or without board. Sea and park view. central, near trams. iron pier and promenade; mockr,,te. terms.—Mrs. Wang.

ABKRYSTWITTI—FURICTSIIND HOI7SR on the Marine Terrace to let. eontaining two 14rge evltert al !till Ave tedronrna, kitchen, Sec.—Apply RODE r.ll, 20 Marine Terrace.

CITJMEeIt LAN D, VALE OF EDEN —Vicarage to 14., l.„) July or August, 10 rooms Bracing ;lir. lovely scenery marden. pony trap. Station Addingimm. Langwathby, R• 8 0, Comb.

ISLR OF MA.R—DOUGLAS.—Mrs. TETLow, lie. shaw House. 13. Mona-terrace, Finch-rowl. Vieitors will here End most comfortable accommodation, with or without board ; reasonable terms.

SIN ROOMED FURNISHED HOUSE. summer month, with piano, beautiful field to walk in ; ten minutes from beach. four from station. £1 10, per week.—Axx JoNgs Outrigg Place, St. Bees.

T3ALLASALLA I.O.M.—Visltors to the country cla have comfortable apartments at Mrs. COSSICHILL.S, Peveril Mouse, near railway station and Silrerburn Glen. Good trout fishing. Terms moderate. ANGLIGIBA.—COTTAGB. containing parlour, two kit- chens, three bedroc,ms, with garden produce; 20 minutes' walk from Amlwch Station. Charmingly situated. .askar the sea.—TILONAS, Eenlarfl. AMIWCh•

1104UXTON.—THE PEAK THERMAL ESTABLISHMENT. 11 The best Hydropathic In the district. Mineral Water and other Baths. Magnificent public rooms. Excellent Cuisine. Table d'hete at separate tables.

"I.l.BWATSH.Watermillock House.—The above has been I-) opened as a Temperance Hotel and Furnished Private Apartments. w.c.. &e. Splendid scenery, free fishing on the lake, boats, stabling. Terms (strictly moderate) on Applica- tion.— Wittwo SIMP94I, Proprietor.

OpartmtntsS, furnift tri *)ottseo, &t

QT. ANNIii-ON-THE-SEA.—Several very select furnished private houses. Two to 10 guineas week.—TAYLow,Chemist.

B L A C K P O OL —c o m f o r t a b l e and pleasant apartments. near Central Station and Sea.—Mrs. Snaw, 37. Hull- road.

A PARTMBNTS OR LODGINGS, for two young men. CI terms moderate.—Apply 92, Knutsford-road, War- rington.

BLACKPOOL. —Comfortable Apartments ; plano.—Hrs. MILLER, Wardle House, 37, Albert-road (ntar Central Station).

OUGLAS. ISLH OF MAN.—Comfortnble Lodgings. with or without board. terms moderate —Mrs. M•DEN, 19. Castle-st.

QC FBRIOR APARTMENTS in Farmhouse, two minutes 0 walk from Sea.—Mrs. WALLER, Hawthorne Cottage, Cart Lane, Grange-over-Sands.

LANDUDNO Boarding House. two minutes' work from 1J pier; home comforts. Moderate terms. Miss WILLIAMS. Bryn Arlon.

SOUTIIPO HT —Saperior APARTMEN rS,near Promenade, in private family ; invalid co Actry a speciality ; terms moderate.-26, Talbot-et.

MORECAMBB.—PubIic and Private APARTMENTS.— Mn. GRAY, Bee Hive Cottage, 127, Clifton Terrace, one minute from station.

PBNIKAIINMAWR.—W urnig ell-fhed rooms. with good sea view ; close to sands ; ccmfortable ; terms moderate Mrs. THOMAS. Oxford House.

QOUTTIPORT.—Charming Vilbs. let furnished, end July, large, cheerful, comfortable, every convenience. Ten- nis, swing.-7, Pregton-road.

PENMAHNMAUR, Furnished house, ,r apartments. grand view a mountain and sea. Terms moderate. - OWEN, Windsor House,Park Crescent.

EsxDALs. CumberlAnd.—Comfortable APARTMENTS TO BE LET, for June and July, at Mrs. CAMERON'S Forest How, Eskdale, Carnforth.

BLACKPOOL—Clean and homely Accommodation for Visitors. at Mrs. CARTLEDGE'S, 12, Wellington-st.,(three minutes from Central Station.

COLWYS BAY. —"Roma " Boarding House. Mostyn- road. 'replete with Lome comforts ; conducted by Mn. T. G. WRIGHT.—Terme an application.

JRS. TIERNEY. 34. Edward-st.. near Winter Gardens, j.Vßlackpool ; best accommodation for respectable visi- tors. terms moderate, pianoforte.

MOWYN NORTH WALES.—llrynmair, splendid sea and 1 mountain views, comfortable APARTMENTS, salmon and trout fishing —Mrs. Moan's.

Vi'INDRRWERB.—To be Let or furnished. Two Sitting, V Four Red Rooms; bath; 10i. per week.—Address Miss AKITT. Windermere.

SCARBOROUGH.—APARTMENTS To Be Let. (acing the sea; nicer oms, home comforts, terms moderate —A. 8.. 4, Rutland Terrace, Scarborough.

PARTM RNTS., MORECAMBE-BAY.—MIss Jackson's Ii Kensington-road pleasant sitting-rooms, public or pri• rate, central. Near ea and station.

'ANTED. void General Silt VA NT.at oncA.—Sfrs. figrAw. Union Arms. Castle-street, Tyldesley.

GIVINBAL. axe 113 or 17. must have been In a place previ- ously—fl. WOOD. Heather Lea. Stockton Heath.

fit RNBRAL SERVANT WANTED; ROO4 wme,.—APPIY. l_T IS AZLEHITI•ST, Cavendish Road, Bccles. Manchester.

WANTRD. GENERAL SERVANT; reference required.— Miss 'WALKER, 86, Water-lan., Radcliffe. near Man- chester.

WANTED. good GENERALS. age 18 to 25.—Mrs. JoNrs, Reeistry Office for Ladies and Servants, Cavendish street, Kelghley.

WANTED, strong GENERAL SERVANT 19 to 20, with good reisronises.—Mrs. J. FORSZA.W, 103, Virginia- ft., Couthport.

G 001) GENBEAL SERVANT WANTS!). one there been out before.—Apply Mn. Tn.xxecx.4o, Tbletlewaite road. Cleptn. London.

WANTED, good General 81IRVANT. age about 21; must be able to wash. —Apply Mrs. Mums. 209 Ormskirk Road. Newtown, Wigan..

lAMES ears he sr,ited with Servants Reipertable Olrls 1.4 introduced to situations —Apply, Mr*. LOCK, Registry °Mee. 12 Albert-roa4, Widnes.

IXTANTHD. Ladies' Help. Attendants, Governesses,Honse. V Y lc epees. Mothers' Helps, &e., ; class, agency. —2B, Clifton-st.„ Wolverhampton.

COOK.—WANTED, n Plain COOK, age Rot tinder 23; help half the dap, baking and small dalry.—Apply, Mrs. Bfotatam.. Plas Yolyn. Ellesmere. Salop.

TSIMEDIATELY, Experienced Cooks, Plain Cooks. Howe- maids, and Genernle suited at once. -Miss, tmatneti Registry. Irlam-street, Warrington. WANTPD. good GENERAL SERVANT tor Coantty Hotel, send reference..—Apple Mr. Livitaltr. Whittle Springs Hotel. Near Chorley,, Lancashire.

WANTKD a Situation as single-handed Gardener; good all-round ; married ; age 37 ; good references ; country preferred.-11. S males. Linley, Broseley, Salop. WANTED. GENIOAL. about 25; roust wash, plain cook ; gond Character required.—Api ly by letter to E. H PILKINGTOX. 54. rank field-road, Huddersfield.

TEETH ! TEETH' TEETH! MACDONALD'S FREE DRNTORIUM. WHOLESALE ARTIFICIAL TEETH MA N UFAC't 0 RI (Registered.) By U.M.R. Letters Patent. (Trade Mark.) The Best and Cheapest HOWIP in the Profeouion. Single Teeth. 2s. ; Sets. 20s. Fit and Quality Guaranteed Patients fitted while they wait. A lady in attendance. The Trade Supplied. All best materials and workrnt 'ship Teeth extracted free from 8 to 8 p.m. Teeth extracted without pain. Free consultations. Telegraphic Address: " Dentist," Manchester. 29, Piccunitx (Opposite Infirmary Clock), MANCHESTER

HAY.—ON SALE, iirst-class CLOVER.—JOSEPH HALL, Kingswood, Frodsharn.

SEVERAL LOTS of HOUSES on Sale.—Apply J. Kcx- wmeraY, Timber Merchant. Warrington.

11DLEASURE SAILING- YACHT suitable for sea or river, all complete, £5 IN.—Apply 56. Ottklatul-st , Widnes.

(Y SALE, MANURE WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. HOSKIN°, 16, Fen wick-Street. Liverpool.

HARD JET ROSARY and NECKLET Combined. Sample 33. ; Brooches 12 ae3orled pattern., 6e. ; approval T. LYTII, Flowergate, Whitby.

V 10 BE SOLD. MILK BUSINESS in best part of Bootle selling 200 willons weekly. use of leaving.- 145 Strand Road, Bootle. Liverpool.

FOR SALE FOUR HOUSES Stockton Heath, well built charming situation, good tenants, all conveniences, cheap.—Wankturcrox, Stockton Heath.

LIENKETH. HOUSE, with gardrn ; also several cottages.— I Apply Mr. ROBERT LoWE, estate ngent, Market Oftte Chem berg, Warrin gton.

LIHOP AND DWELLING.— 55. Ilewsey-st , arrington 0 suit tailor, draper, tobacconist, general broker, confec- tioner. butcher, fieh, game, ac., citable if required, and win- dow altered.—Apply SXFLLS.:IO. 80, Bewsey-road, Warring- ton.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY. JUNE 10, 1893.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
4 19 6 GOLD CURB ALBERT stamped on every link, with curb patr. seal to match. set with Cornulian and B•nol Stone, the whole weigh- ing n, arly 3 01.1T1C.•!,

EIIIAETONS FOR SALL low prices, including one NEW 1 STANHOPE. and ONM ALEXANDRA DRAG.— SPANN. Friars Green. Warrington.,

LICENSED FOR THE SALE OF METHYLATED SPIRITS AND BENZOLINIC. AG MIS SorSIOQUAH'S R 10150183.

THE EXORS: OF THil LATE ISAAC SP EAKMAN CHEMIST BY SXAMINATION. BMWS-ST.. PHARMACY

27. BRIDGE ST.. RUNCORN. PATENT MEDICINES (with a few exceptions) Ai RE- DUCED PRICES, Viz. 2s 9cl for 2s 3d. 2i 64 for 2s 1, hlfri for lolot. 64. Nelson's Gelatine 3 for 110, le. Neaye's toad Sd per tin, ,te.. SPRATT'S DOG BISCUITS 113 s 6rl per 112Ibs ns 121133 for 2s 3d. Calabar Dog Biscuit. 12s 64 per cwt. CHEAPEST HOUSE FOR HOUSEHOLD SOAPS. Pears' WA P 3 for 104; llazleburst's "Sun," 3 tablets for SFI; Stmliglik. 3 in box 711; Itrmitto. Monkey Soap, 3FI per 11). tronscepattile Misrifetnisa 6,1 bottle, ; Vichy Waters, 13 per case, 60.—Best and Cheapest florae fur White Lee l. Tut- pentine, Varnish, Oil, Brushes, Sce. Send for prices. Whole sale Dealer In Petroleum Oil. Hudson's Dry Soap. &c Asplaall's Enamel ?Mut. Cooper's Shf."ep Dip, 12s per dos,

===== 0002601_18930610_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
TUCX AND Co.,

Limited. INDIA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING, Glirtrabteed quality. Lice, Thread, or Copper Bewa. or ‘.IMI EST E D ONLY.

BONA IDP. MANUFACTURNRS. 92, Chapel Ste et. Liverpool, Also at 35, Ifarket Street, Manchester. London, Carrlitt, Newport. Rad Dubllu, LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL

ilftitsical instrumentg.

The remainder of lli Eng- , Mb Models at Great Reductions. pAT:MHEITSIEI saya : "Play only on an Erard wherever obtatrptb!e.

and P. BRARD. M'AILER3 ta Slut QUERN and ROYAL FANCILY. ORICAT MARLBOROUGH-ST.. REGENT-ST.. W.

ESSIIS. CUMPSTY AND S.ONS, SURGEON DENTISTS. EXTRACT TEETH WITHOUT PAIX. 78-1 SLINGTON. LIVEIIPOOL-78 WITH hlnkstl."9 OXIDE GAS.

A SET OF ARTIFICIAL IBETH, Wind ALL THE LATB-T I MPTIOVICNINNTS, FROM 3s. Putt TOOTH. Onropsty's advektisernent to extrac's teeth without pain is strictly rwrcci. Simnel Nnsh, Secrt4ary Young Ilbs Christian A...Racist:att.-10th A111E1114.1888, . • tLLSOPV & VN'S IIrLD AND firrraa &L 3. ye And D'ABOlt 4 80748 CBLDBLATHD DUBLIN atom, 14. 'nl 38 'Won Casks. r Bottles, Aax.siv PETER LETO hi, BORSHMAIIKET BTItH.LT, WABLINUION.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
DUObit' teed ;LING GOODS. HATS. BONNETS. ,ETS. CAPES. tESSES. &o. ,11 WINDOWS. II N SUTTON, %ARRINGTON. market' MO' • N AO' moor AND STRENTHES,' IL SHOULD DO NA [ALT BEEAD•,3O/0.1 count ot ale CO r this proces3:, 040; no', examine" to 01 tes more eloseli tent WHBA'. ;ind 2d PO sas, tiNuFAcTIIII 2S • ' N. TWIST. ENT. poOL• D. sicpool. „nd f 1101110-0 St for Ago 50S' s. Age • LOr ,V 011

===== 0002601_18930610_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
-

The.shi_ THE directors of; the gene-10 GmiaLP Ship Canal CbmpanY 1111 difk culties. Not thenolweabsteseotf wtllitehse k ac't sennri7;A°i future,,ii the outcry which is. being made in -rile ent quarters as to the insanitary coditions 0" canal at some of its parts. At coraag 0 1v K=r-al-3nK, the chairman of:the consul .tativerl-otie .committee of the Mersey and, Irivell Joi rnt tee, the state of the water in the ean9l -(te s Manchester is a " disgraoo to civilisation po positive danger to health:: It is said rha.:,tet sewage matter drains into .the canal, w but 0° is admitted into it from tbe river partially stagnant and gimes. off obnoxious Then, on Wednesday, a, formidable comPlain.l' of , made at the meeting oft I'l9—mcl Salford Town At thenuisance caused by weak carried on there Sóli ' ti ord, just as at \Accrington bO tir , there ha „wit er diversion, but at Salkozd for some he disused rivea bed. has been utilised i-roal “ tipping " groundi for °IP the Stuff dredged t.i te canal. The result is the raising ot. the •which are, it is said,,foueod to be intolersh:e -Toe inhabitants of the locality. One mernb Salford° °canok Tows Council declared that the Company wore creating "a centre ba zymotic di3eases migia be spread," su rtl might ex?ect the population of the isseighbn al tirr to be most decimated before tilt alon'le- i 6 over. `The Company can not, of oourse, eVeil feeei." would, afford to neglect these comPlaints'that. an 4 ally as a pretty plain hint was given ; for iniunction would be at once 00' matters were Hot mended. On another 91 "work Canal Company are harassed and tiwir ned impeded by the claims of the Load° 600 V North Western and Great Western railwnYbod panies. These claims are, for the most Part' nilst hterir upon the extra cost of working the tragic °Peco., now lines over the canal near Warrington Bs That the pared with the cost on the old liis nes. 00,011 railway companies do not consider th $.960 . matter is shown by the substantial 0000'1' sad claimed, manly, £383,000 by the Lendo

I

I

. I

5

===== 0002601_18930610_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
4

North Western Co., and £200,000 by the Great Western. Judging from a statement made in the Manchester City Council on Wednesday by Sir J. Ilaawoon there seems to be a disposition on the Part of the railway companies to delay the pro- gress of the canal works. The companies, it was "id, had absolutely declined to hand over the old lilacs pending the result of the arbitration now Proceedin,. unless the whole of the half million 4;1110 was actually deposited in solid cash. The Credit of the canal company, backed by the Cor- Poration of Manchester, is not good enough, it :Pears, for the railway companies. The "Ink of England is, however, more confiding, .1111 d 11 its help the money will be deposited. Atherefore, no further obstacles be thrown in the Way of the Canal Company, the work of completing the great waterway—which cannot be further advanced till the old railways have been handed 70r—will at on be carried forward. It is satis- lietory to note that Sir JOHN HARwoon antici- pates that, if the lines be given up in reasonable !In°, the canal will be practically completed varOlighout its whole length by next January.

Sta STATE insurance is not much talked te Insurance. about just now, but it is one of those questions which will come t° the front when the political arena has been ...cleared of the , controversies which now fill it. !hat being so,an account of workmen's insurance as it la carried out in Germany, which has lately been Published, affords a good deal of useful informa- taml. Germany undoubtedly leads the way in this Will form of state enterprise, and its experiences "m have important consequences in either low Its eacouraging, or otherwise, other countries to foi- . example. In Germany every workman e'Dmpulsorily insured against sickness, against lee:dent, and against old age and invalidity. The 11111111" m relief in case of sickness includes free 111_, etheal attendance and appliances ; the payment nuring at least thirteen weeks of half the average :age of the person insured ; sick relief to women ...armg four weeks after confinement, and, in case Ql• death, burial money is allowed amounting to Ilventy times the average daily wage. With re- lard to accidents, the benefits include, in fatal eaee. s, burial money, and an allowance to the sur- /Irc're, that is to say, the widow, children or Perents ; in cases of total disablement an allow- Lace amounting to two-thirds of the average YearlY earnings ; and in other cases, the cost of care and a fixed allowance during the period of dis- ablement. As to the insurance against old age 842 d Invalidity, the pension becomes payable when 'lnsured reaches the age of seventy, or sooner, e°l-Irae, in case of permanent invalidity. The to'erage pension, we are told, only amounts tcb°llt sir pounds a year, which scorns 11:1.—rnelY small sum for such a purpose,but we are o—`en0—`en to remember that money goes farther in nerrnany than in England. An important part of leherne "" German scheme, and, indeed, of any of insurance, is that relating to the pay- ment of e premiums. On the sick insurances bile Premithums average fourteen shillings per per- WT. insured, and of this sum the employer finds 'Me-third and the workman the other two-thirds. 41; to the accident insurances the average prem- 'll4llB shree shillings, and the employer has to .14. whole of this, it being held that as casual- incident are incident to all undertakings, compensa- tten for injuries must be regarded as a part of the e°at of production. Compensation is given in etarY case of bodily injury or death in conse- quence of an accident to the workman whilst ()Working for an employer. The 'premiums of the d age and invalidity insurances are paid in equal proportions by masters and workmen, and the State increases the amount of each pension by iit annual subsidy of fifty shillings. The adminis- tr_ ation of the whole of this immense insurance fund is in the hands of representative local bodies !tad trade associations, controlled by the central ineurance department.

PArnient et Ix regard to the payment, or rather /leathe,,. the non-payment, of its legislators, Vie United Kingdom keeps corn- With what is probably the most backward !Ind unprogressive State in Europe. According ft.n official report that has just been issued, Paln i 8 the only continental country that does tot remunerate in 6ne form or another its Par- -4.lnentary representatives. It is true that 44eries are not paid in every other instance, for erel io.frlanY and Italy draw the line at trav _Ming itrsee• France is the most liberal, as each of senators and deputies gets nearly three hundred BiztY pounds a year, and is carried free of 13:charge over the State railways. In Hungary two • nridted and sixty-six pounds is the emolument, 4nd in Austria the value of a member's service is Issemed at sixteen shillings a day, with travelling ~..",Pe'see. In Belgium about sixteen guineas is I'4l monthly, but this thrifty little State only PlYs for work done and the salary ceases when the 91kinber brings its sitting to an end. This is an I.ncitement to delay and obstruction in regard to the despatch of business, which perhaps partly eecounts for the fact that it recently needed seme- thing like a "general strike" to get a measure of enfranchisement through the legislature there. In other cases members of Parliament, or their !°Nign equivalents, have little privileges, such RS 'tree tickets to royal theatres, the sending of tele- grants without charge, and the right to travel in a higher class of railway carriage than they pay for. Vile fact remains that in maintaining barriers to tb admission of poor men to Parliament, England ifs) amongst European countries which have con- ftitutional forms of government, kept in counten- Illee only by Spain. That is to say, what we are Pleased to consider thc most advanced of count- is content, in this one respect at least, to keep ,44 line with a State to which we are, to say the '4lest, not usually disposed to look for enlighten.

experiences of the State of Michigan do ad-Q` aPpeaf to afford any encouragement to the :ocate3 of the abolition of capital punishment. 34.i13 forty-six years since a man was executed in eltigan for the slaying of a fellow creature—at at by legal process, for they sometimes do that 7'l Of thing in an irregular and informal way in il"nl-nerica. The result seems to show that leniency 4. been misplaced. Of late years there have been 411 murders of an atrocious character, and the !!ovuthial "last straw" has just been furnished in the killing of a prison warder,by a ruffian who had e°nsigned to the State Penitentiary for the tilllivti:sd-r of his mother. The House of Representa- that lua, consequently, come to the conclusion A the gallows is, after all, the most effective me% „terr.alt of evil-doing, and it has decided by th:11 of more than two to one to erect one of interesting structures.

- - - 1: 7" PARLIAMF,NTARY GOLF HANDICAP. •l'athatnetitary Golf Handicap was won on -4tY afternoon by Mr. 'l'. W. Legli,

===== 0002601_18930610_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

FAILURE OF A WIDNES GROCER. At the Liverpool Bankruptcy Court, on 'Tuesday, Mr. Registrar Cooper granted a receiving order on the debtor's own petition against Wm. Bentley, Lugsdale-rd., Widnes, grocer. ASSAULT ON A CONSTABLE BY A WOMAN. On Thursday at Widnes Petty Sessions, Bridget Weir, a married woman of Marsh-st., was fined 103. and costs for assaulting P.C. Pearson on the 3rd inst., by striking him on the face and throwing stones at him.

_ THEFT FROM A RAINHILL FARM. At Widnes Petty Sessions, on Thursday, Richard Bibby, labourer, was charged with stealing a table, a hymn book, some soap, and some starch, value 255., the pr•perty of Peter Lloyd, of Warrington-road, liainhill,on the previous day.—Bibby pleaded guilty, and was sent to gaol for one month. PRITCHARD'S have now stood the test for fifty years, and quality and first-class workmanship are still guaratiteed.— Advt. RUNCORN BOWLING Cum.

A handicap in connection with this club took place on Wednesday afternoon, on the green connected with the Bridge Hotel, for a pair of bowls. There were 18 entries, and the final competition lay between Mr. S. Johnson and Mr. Charles Richardson, and the former player proved victorious by 11 points to 8. ROBBERY FROM A FARMHOUSE AT BOLD. At Widnes Police Court, on Monday morning, before the Mayor (Alderman F. H. Gossage) and Mr. O. Palk- ington, Michael Cox, residing at Bold, was charged with stealing 31bs. of beef, valued 25., from the farmhouse of Mr. A. T. Johnson, Heath House, Bold, on Sunday after- noon. The prisoner, a youth of about eighteen, was in the prosecutor's employ, and he took the tneat from the pantry. He stated in court that he was drunk at the time, and remembered nothing about it.—The Bench fined him So., with the alternative of seven days' hard labour.

Go to PRITCHARD'S, 51, High-street, Huncarn, for the beat FIVE GUINEA WATCH a workingman OAR have.—Advt. STONE THROWINO AT _WIDNES.

Peter Power, of Poole-st., aged 14 years, was sum- moned for throwing stones in Lugsdale-road, on May 28th. The offence was acknowledged.—Superintendent Keighley stated that he had received a number of com- plaints on the subject. Only the other evening a gentleman came into the office with half a brick, with which he been struck on the head. It was a common practice, and severe measures would have to be taken to repress it.—The Chairman expressed regret that they could not order the boy to be whipped. The fine would fall upon his mother,who was poor, and under the circumstances the case would be dismissed. JOSEPH PRITCHARD, 51. High-street, Runcorn, keeps Sexorscr,Es to suit all sights, from a shilling a alr.—Ackt. STEWARD'S-LANE WESLEYAN CHAPEL, WIDNES. . . . . .

_ The anniversary services on behalf of the Sunday school connected with the above place of worship were held on Sunday. Two sermons were preached by the Rev. T. Wynne Jones, of Earlestown. In the afternoon a children's service was held, when an address was given by Mr. J. B. Leech, of If uyton. On Tuesday evening a crowded congregation assembled in Victoria-road Chapel, Widnes, to listen to a sermon by the Rev. C. F. Aked, of Liverpool, on " The gospel for the day, amid changing creeds and social struggles." Collections on each occa- sion were taken en behalf of the Steward's-lane Sunday School funds. THE RUNCORN KICKING CASE.

Yesterday -at Runcorn Police Court, before lr. J. Brundrit, James Finegan. lcdging-house keeper, Mersey- at., was committed for trial to Knutsford Quarter Ses- sions on a charge of causing grievous bodily harm to Frank Lydon, labourer, on the 29. h April. The two men had been drinking together during the day and in the evening, quarrelled on the fair ground. Lydon was thrown to the ground and while lyimg there, it was alleged that the prisoner kicked him on the face and ribs, breaking the jaw in two places —Dr. Robinson in- formed the Bench that the man's jaw was very badly broken, and would never be right again.—Mr. Burton appeared for the defence. A FOROIVING WIFE AT WIDNES!.

Peter Kelly, of Widnes, was brought up under a war- rant on a charge of assaulting his wile.—Mr Knowles said he appeared for the defendant. He had seen com- plainant, who now desired to withdraw the charge. It appeared the man periodically gave way to drink. They had seven children. His client periodi- cally became a mad fool, and he had asked Mr. Taylor, the police court missionary, to allow him to sign the pledge. Further he had promised that he would ratify his promise with the parish priest.—Mrs. Kelly said she wished the charge to be withdrawn.—The Bench granted the request, and the Chairman expressed a hope that it would be a beginning of better things— that defendant would turn over a new leaf. JOSVPII PRITCFEARD, Wat o.3Maker and Jeweller, 51, High- st., Runcorn.—Advt. THII WIDNES WOUNDING CASE. On Wednesday, at the Intermediate Sessions for the hundred of West Derby, Patrick Burns and Catherine Burns were sentenced, the former to one months' isciprisonment and the latter to three months' im- prisonment for unlawfully wounding James Burke, of Alford-street, Widnes, on May 6th. The case for the prosecution showed that Burke took one of Mrs. Burns' sons home drunk, and the female prisoner accused Burke of making her son intoxicated. She then went into the house and brought cr.it a rolling pin, with which she dealt the prosecutor a violent blow on the head. The male prisoner afterwards came out of the house and as- saulted Burke by striking him about the bead with the buckle on his belt. The prosecutor was rather seri.usly Injured. NEW LIBERAL CLUB FOR RUNCORN.

Union Hall will on Wednesday next be re-opened as the home of ftuncorri Liberal Club. Extensive altera- tions are being carried out by Mr. W. Bankes, of High- t. The ground floor, consisting of a room of ample proportions, is to be devoted to billiards, an' which for the present will be occupied by two full-sivd billiard tables and one semi-billiard table. On the first floor is the newsroom, a commodious room, which will be sup- plied with newspapers and periodicals. There are also two other rooms, one of which will be utilised as secre- tary's office and the other as a committee room. Facing Regent-at. will be a balcony, from which speeches may be delivered to those assembled in the streets. Con- sidered in all aspects, the premises are superior to any previously occupied by the club, whose home will no doubt be fixed here for many years to come.

When in want of a CHASTE EMI ELEGANT WEDDING DT BIRTHDAY PRESENT go to PRITCHARD'S. 51, High-at.—ildtd.

TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION AT WIDNES.

The following are the results of the local examina- tions, which have been held by the Union of Lancashire and Cheshire Institu'es in connection with classes con- ducted by the Technical Instruction Committee of the Widnes Corporation :—French : Elementary, 2nd class, Francis A. Maddisen, 68 marks ; Joseph R. Barklar, 85 , "narks. Literary, Walter Brown, 2nd class, 79 marks ; Robert M. Roberts. 3rd class. 52 marks. Elementary 3rd class, W. E. Dudley, 58 marks (external student). Dressmaking. 2nd class, E. L. Stanley,66 marks ; Susan McConagliy,4s marks ;S. Dunbavand, .60 marks- M.H. King, 65 marks ; C. Peters, 55 marks ; N. Lewis, 45 marks ; E. Rate, 70 marks; B. Webster, 60 marks. Passes : Annie Nutter, 40 marks ; Helena Watson, 40 marks ; Margaret Evans, 35 marks ; Florence Cookson. 40 marks ; Jane Lee, 40 marks ; Sarah J. Bellis, 35 marks. Shorthand—Elementary : John Mac Kay, 55 marks, 3rd class. If you want ynur WATCH REPAIRED by skilled vim-I:MOD take it to PRITCHARD.S.—Adet FUNERAL OF MRS. STATHAM OF RUNCORN. On Tuesday afternoon, the mortal remains of Mrs. , Sarah Rogers Statham, wife of Mr. William Statham, builder and contractcr of Riversdale, Dukes Field, were committed to the grave in Runcorn Cemetery. The de- ' ceased lady who died on Saturday after a lingering ill- ness, had attained the age of 67 years. She was fol- lowed to the grave by a number of relatives and friends. The doctor's carriage was occupied by the Rev. Joseph Holden ; in the first coach were Messrs. W. Statham, E. Davies, John Davies, and Richard Statham, and in the second coach Messrs. Sampson, Catterall, Hewitt, Chad- wick, Yond, A. J. Wood, W. Turner. Walking be- hind the hearse were Captain LeCourteur, Messrs. T. Wear, W. Shaw, W. Sutton. Booth, and Collinge.— Messrs. Rose, Kilcross, Dean and Humphreys were the bevrers. The Rev. J. Holden conducted the burial ser- service. Floral tributes had been received from " toy- ing daughter and husband," Mrs. Yond, Mr. Statham and family (Widnes). " Neice Agnes." Mr. and Mrs. Simpson, " Nephew and Neicn " (Gliumester). Sissy and Willie, Mrs. Foster, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Kileross, " faithful servant," Mr. William Turner, " devoted ser- vants " Frances and Janie, Mr. and Mrs. A. wo (Urmston), tenants Leicester Gardens, Mrs. Ellison, Mrs. Swindell (Manley), Mrs. Hulse, Mr. and Mrs. R. Morris. of West Dale. The coffin was supplied by Mr. James Klkham, the hearse and coaches by Messrs. F. and W. Yarwood, and Mr. R. Morris, of High-street efficiently acted as undertaker.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
TBE SATUITAY, JUNE

Pows Cutnti Mt&gON AT RUNCORN. Mr. Mundin,navvy missianer at Ituncorn,has obtained permission from the magistrate% of the division and from Supt. Atherton to visit prisoners in thc court and cells. He intends to carry on a tnission cm the Rune lines as the police court mission, and besides giving the erring good advice, will help them in other pays, and provide homes for the outcast.

HUTCHINSON-ST. PRIMITIVE METH,V/ST CHAPEL, WIDNES. The annual sermons on trualf of the Sunday school were preached on Sunday by the Rev. T. H. Hunt, of Leeds, Connexional Sunday School secretary. In the afternoon, the musical service " That little bonnet" was rendered by the choir, the narrative being read by kr. Stuart Deacon. Mr.J. H. Lee presided. The collections amounted to £1.13.

MARRIARE OF A RUNCORN FOOTBALLER. On Mondaw morning, ill the presence of a large cm- gregation, Mr. Peter Riley, the well-known footballer, was married to Miss Sarah Alice Turner,daughter of Mr. Turner, of Carlisle, in Holy Trinity Church, Runcorn. The bridesmaids were Mrs. Hughes, Miss Lilian and Miss Annie Riley, and Mr. Samuel Riley was the best man. Mr. Wm. Riley gave the bride away. The happy pair are spending the honeymoon in the lake district.

TULA POOR CIIILDREN.S TREAT AT RUNCORN. 'The committee of this treat, of which Mr. Wiswall is chairman, have decided that the children shall spend the afternoon ot Wednesday, July 28th, at Mersey View, Overton. As the balance left from the aged persons' treat is inauffioient to cover the cost ot the outing, another apt eatw ill to be ins de to the public, who will no doubt gerieromdy respond.: BRUTAL ASSAULT ON A CONSTABLE AT DITTON. On Monday morning, at the Widnes Police Court, be- fore the May or (Alderman F. H. Gossage) and Mr. G. Pilkington, two inen named Peter Byrne and John Horan, both living at baton, were charged with drunkenness, and with assaulting Police-constable Hud- son, on Saturday afternoon. The constable stated that he was called to the Blackburn Arms to eject the prisoner Horan. When out of the house a violent mob collected, and the officer was butted in the stomach several times and brutally kicked. Hudson had eventually to take refuge in a shop from the crowd, and two constables and a sergeant were sent from Widnes to assist the Ditton officers in quelling the disturbance. Both prisoners pleaded guilty-ond they were committed to gaol for two months with hard labour. At Widnes Petty Sessions, on Thursday, two im-tre young men named James Car- ney and Michael Hagan were charged under a warrant with assaulting P.C. Iludson on Saturday night. The prisoners were each sentenced to two months' hard labour. The Bench asked several" civilian" witnesses why they did not protect the police and they replied be- cause it was such a rough shop.

RUNCORN SONS OF ENPERANCE. At the fortnightly meeting ot this Society on Satin, day, under the presidency of Mr. Thomas J. Bolt, an interesting paper was given by Mr. David Smith on the Bible. In opening he said the Bible was the word of God, and as such was the rule of faith for Christians. He spoke of it as containing a message to men and then referred to Voltaire's threat that Christianity would 'shortly, be stamped out Yet it still lived ani Voltaire's house was now used as a depot for the Bible Society. Christianity had made marvellous progress. He pro- ceeded to say that the Bible was better than Shake- speare—it declared the brotherhood of men, and was a , lover to elevate and bless mankind, and calculated to maks men happy, and point them to a higher and nobler life. A discussion followed in which Messrs. Daniel, Bisbrown, Edward Key, Thomas Cooke and George S Sutton engaged. A vote of thanks to Mr. Smith was accorded.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
KINDNESS ILLREQUITED AT HALTON.

At Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday,Art her Foster,a young man, was summoned for using threats to Eden 'Powell. Mts. Powell said she was a widow, and kept , the Castle Hotel at Halton. 'I h defendant was her nephew. He had never known his parents, and she had brought him up from a child and he had never known the want of a good home. Prior to her husband's death he was very good, but since that time he had behaved as anything but a gentleman. He had several times, threatened to take Ir.r life, and on the 18:h. May he threatened that he would do for her in less than a fort- night. He was in drink. Jonathon Dugdale corrobor- ated. The defendant said he must have had fresh provocation if he had said what was attributed to him hut it was not to his knowledge. Mr. Brundrit said this was a very disgrac:ful charge against a young man. His aunt had been like a mother to him all his life and this was the way ha requited her. He must he bound over to keep the peace for six months himse f in £4O and two sureties of £lO or one of £2O or in default two months' imprisonment. CRUELTY TO A DOG AT RUNCORN. At Runcorn Petty Sessions, on Monday, before Mr. John Brundrat and Mr. Henry Reynolds, James Crank, labourer, Water-at., was summoned for having caused a dog to be cruelly illtreated by urging on another dog , to worry the same.—ln.spector Dowty prosecuted on behalf of the R.S.P.C.A., and Mr. J. Burton defended.— ' Michael McGrath, of 39, Egerton-st., deposed that the defendant, on the morning of the 16th was leading a mastiff and retriever dog in a slip, when he loosed it noon a retriever belonging to Mr. Duckett, fishmonger, Church-at. The defendant refused to separate the dogs. and threatened to strike anyo re that attempted to do so. The defendant's dog was bigger than Mr. D ickett's and the latter was bitten on both ears, and on the back! of the neck—Several witnesses corroborated. The animal was stated to belong to Mrs. Carney.—For the defence Edward Vise, assistant to Mr. Watkin, grocer, was called. He said there were abaut a d.,zen dogs in the street. A big black dog rushed down Granville-st., and commenced to fight with another black dog. The defendant tried to separate the dogs, and did so. He fastened it by a strap and was taking it away when the other dog retaliated.—Another witness corroborated.— The Bench inflicted a fine of 103. and 16s 61. costs.

CRUELTY TO HORSES AT RUNCORN. James Fryer, of Norton, was summoned to Runcorn Police Court, on Monday, to answer a charge of cruelly ill-treating a mare, by working it in an unfit state. His father, John Fryer, farmer, Norton, was charged with causing the animal to be worked. Evidence was given by P.C. Fryer and P.S. Costelln to the effect that the defendant James was driving three horses attacked to a cultivator in a field. In the middle of the team was a brown mare in very poor condition, and on the near shoulder underneath the shoulder, was a large raw wound. The collar was saturated with blood and mat- ter. It WAS an old wound. ma defendant John con- tended that the wound had only been caused that day. He called John Bate, veterinary surgeon, who said he saw the animal eight days later. ganrodwJi There was then a John 20s. it. d The Bench WJaililniaems luroi,).dafenrdn,cbonsatst: wound about the size of a threepenny bit, and hair was man, pleaded gnilly to cruelly ill-treatinv, a horse by working it in an unfit state on the 31st May. P.O Fryer deposPd that the horse had a very large raw wound on the off shoulder, upon which the collar was pressing. The animal was drawing a boat. The defendant was fined 20s. and costs Eis. Bd.

THE WIDNES WOUNDING CASES.

On Monday, at Widnes Police Court, bi.f-e're the Mayor (Alderman Gossage), and Mr. G. Pilkington, Catherine Burns and Patrick Burns, mother and son, residing in Major Cross-5t., were again charged with unlawfully w.unding James Burke, Alford-st., with intent to do. hint grievous bodily harm, on May 6h. The evidence showed that the prosecutor took one of Mrs. Iturn's sons home drunk, and the female prisoner accused Burke of making her son intoxicated. She then went into the house and brought out a rolling pin, with which she dealt the prosecutor a violent blow on the head. The male prisoner afterwards came out of the hou.se and N 5331.1 ed Burge by striking him about the head with the buckle of his belt. The prwecutor was rather seriously injured. After the case had been gone into fully, the prisoners were committed to take their trial at the next sessions.—Ann Morgan was charged before the same magistrates, on Monday, with unlawfully wounding Ann Dooley, on May 27th. It was alleged that during a quarrel between the two women, the prisoner seized hold of prosecutrix by the hair, and then struck her about the head with a poker. She experienced consider- able pain, and though still suffering from erysipelas, it wis considered that she was out of danger.—An applica- tion for a remand for a week was granted. THIC 110 ME IRON THADE. Business in several branches of the English Iron market exhibits a slight amelioration. Crude iron shows a slight recovery in the Cleveland district, and in a few instances finished iron is said to meet with more enquiry. The tinplate derrtment re- mains in a fairly active condition. Steel is in hot- ter demnnd, and heavy rails in the north-west have recovered. Shipbuilders and engineers report a slight increase of activiPy. Tile coal trade is still rather unsatisfactory.—bon. BRISS BEDSTRIDS.—d. S. GARLAND, 51, Wilge-nreet Warrington. PATHETIC ACCIDENT ON THE SHIP CANAL. On Monday afternoon shortly after two o'clock, a most serious accident afternoon, William Hughes, of 3, Cross-street, Runcorn. He was etwaged with a large number of other men in excavating a portion of the Manchester Ship Canal, neer Runcorn Bridge. He noticed that some waggons hail become detached from the engine, and were rapidly descending an incline, into the midst of a gang of workmen. In rushing to a pair of points, which would hale turned them on to another set of rails, and thus cause theta to go uphill, he slipped down an ern- . bankment, and fell right under the moving trucks, eight or nine of which paa.4,,d over his legs. As- sistance was promptly at hand, when it was found that one of his legs was torn to pieces, and the foot of the other smashed. He was speedily placed on an engine, and taken to the Latchford Hospital, where his condition was considered very precarious He has a wife and four children, one of whom is only several days old The injured man is progress- ing favourably. Ile ha- had one leg amputaletl,Ml4-1 tke other foot taken off.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS .HEARD AND SEEN AT RUNCORN.

BY AN OCCASIONAL COIIIINSPONDANT.

The magistrates' decisions in regard to private street making will meet with the general approval of the ratepayers. It- is only just that, before the town is saddled with the responsibility of keeping private streets in repair, they should be put in the hest possible condition. Those who, like Mr. Foulkes, have been left in undisturbed possession of their rents for 15 years without being called up- on to go to the expense erf making their streets ought to pass a vote of thanks to the Commission- ers for their kindness and leniency,and not grumble as though they were -being robbed. It is for those tenants who for 15 years have not had the accom- modation to which they are justly entitled, to grumble at the long delay.

--- Lively things may be expected at the meeting of Widnes Town Council on Tuesday next. On that day Alderman Sadler will bring forward his motion condemning Councillor Bullough's extraordinary speech at a football dinner, and calling upon the Council to affirm its confidence in the Corporation Committees.

I heard a good joke the other day with regard to Mr. George IV hiteley, M.P. for Stockport, once the idol of the Northwich Division Tories. It appears that a Runcorn gentleman, who is an enthusiastic follower of Lord Salisbury. opened a subscription list shortly after the General Election with the intention of presenting Mr. Whiteley with an address for the gallant fight he had made against Mr. Brunner. Some time ago Mr. Whiteley was communicated with to ascertain when it would be convenient for him to receive the tri- bute of his Runcorn admirers ; but the now full fledged M.P. having apparently no further need for votes in Northwich Division, or recognising that as his gallant fight ended in increasing Mr. Brunner's majority by two hundred, he was not entitled to any adoration or compliment, did not deign to reply to the communication. The prime mover in the affsir has this week been engaged returning sun- dry half guineas, dollars and half-crowns to their respective owners, and his disgust at Mr. Whiteley's treatment has been expressed in unmeasured terms.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIAGE OF MR. WM. OCKLESTON. • RUNCORN.

On Wednesday. Mr. Wm. Ockleston, of Ashby House, Flookersbrook, Chester, and Runcorn, was united in the holy bonds of matrimony with Miss Margaret Miller, eldest daughter of Mr. James Mil- ler, J. P., of Cerruti]. Bridge of Weir, Relrewshire. [he interesting ceremony was performed at the resi- dence of the bride's parents, the officiating clergytnan being the Rev Dr. Donald MacLeod, one of the chaplains to her Majesty in Scotland. Them were present a large number at friends to witees the nuptials. The bride wore a wedding gown of cream peau de sole, trimmed with rich Brussels point I. ce. She wore a diamond star, the gift of the bridesgroorn. Miss Susie It. •Miller acted as bridesmaid to her sister. Her jewellery included a diamond brooch, presented to her by the bride: gro un. The ladies carried bouquets of choie.e exotics. Mr. Alfred Briscoe, of Bourne Hall, Cambridgeshire, cousin, acted as best man. After the ceremony the newlj• oar- ned pair were the recipients of hearty congratulations ' for their future happiness and prosperity. A large num- ber of guests were present at the subsequent reception. Later on Mr. and Mrs. Win. Ockleston left Carrath for the South, to spend the honeymoon. The going away C )stunie of the bride was of hi liotrope crepon, over shot silk, with a black moire collet, trimmed with jet and lace, and lined with rainbow sunk A straw hat, trimmed with pansies, completed her toilet. Tire newly- united couple were the recipients of costly and numer- ous presents. These included a massive marble time- piece from the employ 6,4 at the tannery of Messrs. Ockleston, Halton-road, Runcorn. On Wednesday, in honour of the event, a quantity of bunting was dis- played in the neighbourhood at the works. Those en- gaged by Mr. Ockleston unanimously determined that they would postpone the rejoicings connected with the happy event until the return of their employer and his wife, when they could be accompanied by them on a trip to Blackpool, which it has been arranged shall take place at the beginning of July. It may be of interest to our readers to know that Mr. Miller occupies several important positions in the district in which he resides, and that he is exceedingly well known in busine-s circles in Scotland. The bridegroom belongs to one of the Molest families of Runcorn and district. He is the son of the late Mr. Ockleston, who for a long series of years conducted the business in which he has been succeeded by his sons. He is very popular, not only among his workpeople, hut with all with whom his manifold duties bring him in contract. The community generally join in the wish that the future of the happy pair may be attended with all the succeAs that they can desire.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES ATIILTIC CLUB SPORTS.

These sports which still maintain their reputation as the best in the North of England, commenced last evening. The programme is a varied one and the prizes are still a! the highest value and the entries, which number over 400, include some of the smartest and most celebrated amateur athletes in the United Kingdom. Everything points to a most successful anniversary for the Athletic Club. Following the usual citttorn the local events Wf run off last night, the open events will be decided to-day, when a new and attractive feature has been introduced in the shape of a three quarter mile handicap steeple chase with a water jump. There was a large assemblage of spectators last evening. Mr. Walter Platt is the handicapper and Mr. J. Wilkinson (Sheffield) starter :—Results : 120 Yantis HANDICAP—Iit heat, Evan Davies.Widnes. 81 yards ; 2nd heat, W. Nickson, Ditton Recs. F.C., 5i yards; 3rd heat, John Massey, Warrington F C., 5 yds.; 4th heat, E. Williams, Ditton, 4t yards ; sth heat, A. .7. M.ittrare, Warrington Gymnasium. Final : 1, Massey ; Nicksoh t, 3, Williams. Elstr-Mma :Ur:laical., confined to employes of the United Alkali Co. who provided the prizes : Ist G. E Hughes, Widnes Alkali, 55 yards ; 2nd H. Barker, Gaskell Deacons, 5 yards ; 3rd H. Peters, Gaskell I/paeans, 10 yards. Won by ten yards. Two MILES BICYCLE HANDICAP.—First heat: 1, A. E. Barlow. Anfield. 8.C., scratch ; 2, F. W. Sherratt, Wid- nes, CC 175 yards. Second heat : A. Fi-irster, War. rington, 230 yards; 2,0. fiagleish, Widnes, C.C. 55 yards Third heat : 1, M. Ba;ley, St. Helens, C.C. 305ds. E, W. Sherratt, Widnes C.C.. 18.5Yds. Fourth heat : 1 W. H. Rellian. Warrirrrtnn, C.C., 135yda. ; 2,J. Buxton, Warrington. C.C., 75yc15. Final : 1, Dagleish ; 2, Barlow ; 3, Bailey. ONE MILE BIANDICAP : 1, G. Wright, Widnes. scratch 2, Jos. Kelly, Widnes Harriers 50 yards ; 3, Jam es Whitfield, Sankey C.C., 40 yards.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
DARING JEWELLERY ROBBERY AT ST.

HELENS.

A robbery of a daring nature wait perpetrated early on Wednesday tnorning at the shop of Mr. Joseph Hewitt, Jeweller and silversmith, Church- at., Sr. Helens. For many years Mr. lleivitt and his family lived on the. premises, but on aCConnt of his health he some time ago removed to the subur- ban district of St. Ann's. The block of property of which the shop forms part is situated at the corner of Ilardshaw-at., and during the past few weeks considerable altnationa have been going on. The shop was securely fastened on Tuesday night, but when Mr. Broadhead, the manager, went to open it on Wed- nesday morning ha found that a good many things had been disturbed, and a careful examination showed that an entrance had been effected through a cellar grate at the rear of the premises. The thieves, haring obtained access, ascended the steps, where they were confronted with a strong door,on the shop side of which were seve- ral strong bolts. Great power must have been used, for the door was forced open, and they were facs to face with a stock valued at several thousand pounds. A large portion of this had fortunately been placed in thief-proof safes, and could not be tampered with. Although there was a light burning at the far end of the shop from the street, and the view from the window at some points was a good one, they made a dash down of mixed gold and silver watches. 'Crossing to the other behind the counters,etriPPine' nearly the whole of a tray side of the shop they let down the hack of a case which was covered with a cloth, and which contained a large and varied quantity of jewellery. A handful of gold and diamond pearl rings were taken promiscuously from a tray, while a more c-eatly parcel of lady's brooches, which was close to, was missed. A tray of silver chains had been moved, but none had been taken, and a valu- able gold watch, made at the Present Watch Pitctory.fer which Mr. Hewitt is the Sr. Helena agent, had been placed handy, but it was left. It is supposed that the thieves were a [raid to stay, and made their exit through the cellar, carefully putting the grid down again. Until stock can be taken, the value of the inis.sing goods can- not correctly be estimated. hut, roughly speaking, it may amount to £l,OO or £.500, or even more. A few months since, it will he remembered. the pawntirokirg shoo of Mr. Lvi Pennington, fifty yards away, won entered in a similar mariner, and in 'that case a hasty retreat seemed also to have been made. Time robbery at Mr. Hewitt' seems to have been carefully planned, And carried out in it manner which cull only 1107 i been accomplished by either profeoienal "lifters" or wrsons graduating iii this direction.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
10 1 g6B.

THE PROFESSIONAL AUDITORSIIIP QUESTION AT WARRINGTON,

COUNCILLOR SLUM GREEN INTERVIEWED. After the proposal of the Finance Committee that Councillor Shaw Green should be appointed pro- fessional auditor for the borough was rej-cted by the Town Council on Tuesday evening, one of our reporters called upon Mr. Green and interviewed him upon certain points which were raised in the discoesion.

" It has been said," our reporter commenced " that the idea of having a prof essionalnuditor for the borough was first introduced by yourself, Mr. Green." "Oti,no Alderman Holmes was the author of the idea. My view was, on considering a re-arrangement of the way the Finance Committee's duties are performed to form from the Finance Coirunittee an audit sub- commiltee ; but of course I fell in with the Chairman's wish, because a professional auditor takes the entire responsibility upon iiirsiwilf." " In what way wink' the appointment of a profes- sional auditor affect the expense of auditing the accounts."

" It would make very little difference indeed for the salary paid to the professional auditor, and the aes which would then be payable to the elective audi- tors, together, we uld not be much more that the sum now paid to the elective auditors alone. 'fhe elective 'auditors would then only perform the duties defined by statute. At present they do more." . _ .

" I believe that many Corporations are now appoint- ing professional auditors." "Yes, that is so. The last incorporated borough— Widnes—has already appointecl Oflo who happen, to he a member of the Society of Incorporated Acc,untants, practising in Manchester." "[here has been some opposition raised to your appli- cation because you are a member of the Society of In- corporated Accountants r . .

"So I have beard." " What is the difference between that Society and the Institute of Chartered A.crount rots ?" " None. The Institute of Chartered Accountants is the dder body of the two, and ac)s under a charter granted by the Privy Council. The Society of Incorporated Accountants acts under license from the Board of Trade. Naturally, the Institute, being the elder body, has the , greater number of members. But during the last seven years In the House of Commons, before judges and registrars, the statue of the Society has been recognised as equal to that of the Institute. Each body is governed by • council, is an ex- ainining body, and exercises disciplinary powers. Members of both are in partnership in different places; and a member of each is in the Horse of Commons. During the present Session two Bills have been brought before the House for the organisa- tion of the profession, the second Bill, a copy of which I have before me, is the one which was promoted by the Institute of Chartered Accountants. recites amongst other things that the Bill makes provision for placing all the members of the society of accountants in their corresponding positions as members of the Institute. This is the strongest evi- dence of the statement I make above that there is no difference between them, for the Bill will amalgamate both Institute and society." "It is said it is necessary to undergo successfully an examination before a membership of the Institute can be obtained P" _ . .

"This applies equally to bath, and I have the impres- sion that the examinations of the Society are the harder of the two."

"Can you tell me whether there are any chartered accountants in Warrington who have not passed such an examaidation ?"

"I only know two who are in practice who have,and they are young men ; but I think two others have recently completed their chirkships. I think lam right in saying there are six members of the Institute in War- rington who have passed no examination." " Finally, is there any truth in the allegation that you created the office with the intention of filling it ?" "It is grossly untrue. I thought I was too well- known for any one to make such a suggestion."

===== 0002601_18930610_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND THE ROYAL WEDDING.

A public meeting of the ladies of Warrington, presided over by the Mayoress (Mrs. E. Greenall), was held in the Town Hall, on Thursday afternoon for the purpose of deciding upon some auitable way of commemorating the forthcoming royal wedding. Amongst the ladies who were present were :—Mrs. F. Monks, Mrs. Lyon Whittle, Mrs. Broadbent, Miss Broadbent, Mrs. Venn, Mrs. John Ilazton, Mrs. Harrison, Mrs. James Fairclough, Mrs. Long, Miss Long, Mies White ana others. It was decided that no present should be sent to the royal couple, but that the loyalty of the town should be expressed by a demonstration. It was suggested that there should be a procession t lirough the town of the local corps of the volunteers, and the regulars, also the Fire Brigade, and the local cyclists in costume. In connection with the latter, there should be prizes given for the best " make-up." For the purpose of raising funds to accomplish this, a subscription list was opened, and arrangements will be made for receiving donations at the local banks. The ladies who were present formed themselves into a com- mittee. A public meeting will be held on Monday night for deciding upon definite arrangements.

I DARING ROBBERY AT WARRINGTON YESTERDAY. A robbery of a most impudent character was par- petrated yesterday afternoon at the shop of Mrs. Cheaters, tobacconist, Bridge-st. About twenty minutes to two Miss Emily Chester, Mrs. Chester'e younger daughter, was in charge of the shop when a well dressed gentlemanly looking man of about 30 came in and asked if etie would be kind enough to give him a sovereigt. bra half sovereign and ten shillings in silver. Ile said he wanted to send lift money away' by post. Miss Chesters obliged him with the required change, but in doing so she took the money till from the drawer and placed it on the floor behind the counter. No sooner had she given the man the change than another we:l dresse I young man, with a very pleasant, suave manner came in. Ile had been standing at the door. Ile said : " Oh, Miss, will you kindly tell tlie the price of this terracotta in the window." Che-ters, never suspecting anything, walked out to the shop window and told the new comer what the prices were of the articles he named. Ile thanked her and promised t 3 call later on. Then he raised his hat and walked quickly away. Just as Miss Cheaters turned to go into the shop the man who asked for the change walked out. She took no pat ticular notice of him but walked behind the counter when she found that the till bad dis- appeared. It contained over .£3O of which .£25 was in money and the remainder in notes. So surprised and frightened was the girl that some moments elapsed before she could call her mother. When Mrs. Chester's saw the situation she rushed into the street to look for a policeman, but there were none in the vicinity. Several persons who were about were informed of the matter and a general impression got abroad that the theices had made away in the direction of Bank Quay. tic. several men rushed to Bank Quay and Arpley Stations, hut no traces of the ingenious robbers could be found. It was thought then that. they had gone on the Liverpool-road. and Mr. A. Booth, of Buttermarket-street, mounted a bicycle and rode off in the direction of Bold, hoping to overtake the men. Ile warned the Sankey and Penketh poliee as he went along, but on arriving at Bold he could ' }lnd no reasen for supposing the the thieves had passed that way,mn he made his wnyback to Warring ton. By the time he arrived there,however,a girl I.ad informed Mrs. Cheaters that she saw the two men rushing along Mersey-street with the till. Eventn- ally the police got the matter in hand, and from further enquiries which were made it is suppos-d that the two men passed along Academe-street, in- to scot land-road, and then naught tlie 1.50 train to Liverpool. How they mantic:el to travel thus far , with the till, without arousing suspicion is a per. plexing featura in the theory.

PRIZR DAY AT THE NATIONAL SCHOOL, TIIKLIVALL On Monday afternoon Mrs. Jones-Parry, of Trod- wall Hall, distributed the prizes to the scholars at- tending the All Saints' National Schools. The fol- lowing ladies and gentlemen were also present : Mrs. Stanton, Mrs. Pickmere, Mrs. Peter Rvlands, Mrs. Holden, Miss De AngeliA, the Rev. T. Pym Williamson, and Rev. Wilfred Stanton, and Major Pickmere. The prizes, which were bought from the proceeds of the children's concert given last win- ter, were then distributed by Mrs. Jones-Parry, who addressed a few kind words of praise and encour- agement to each recipient. The prize list was as follows :--Standard VI. : Archie Taylor (desk), Harry Brookes. Standard V. : Robert Harrison. Standard IV. : Ernest. Harding, John Young. Fred Fairhurst. Standard ILL.: Piers Davenport, Ernest Fairhurst, Torn Shenton, Amy Astall. Standard 11. Torn A‘liton, James Ditchtield, Mary Maire, Her- trude Quentiall. Standard I. : Fred Daley, Ada Wheildin, Emily Lewis. Needlework prizes: First prize,. Annie Wheildin (work biz) ; 2nd visa, Georgina Robbins (workbox). Rot prix-, Mary Harding (workbasket) 4h prize, Pheebe Harrison (leather ),ag). The following children also receivi d prizes for regular attendance —Archie Taylor, George Beard, Ellen Robbins, and Louisa Leigh. The tollowing infants ak.) received picture books— ; Arthur Beckett. Emma Searle, Lily Cooke, fiecrge I Young, John Price, and Lizzie Lambert.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN COUNCIL NOTES.

There was a larger attendance than usual of the " general public " at the meeting of the Town Council on Tuesday evening, and they were rewarded by seeing theCorincilfor rather a majority of it, perf,rm the interesting feat of " turning its back upon, itself." Rut before it accomplished that little achievement, the Town Clerk read a letter from the Rev. IY. W. Rgyberits, secretary of the Anti-Gambling Cuamittetr of the Warrington Social Questions Union, The letter called the attention of the Council to the "alarm- ing prevalence of gambling amongst the population of the towie.'' After esiornerating several of the evils complained of,. a hope was expressed that the Mayor" sill see the necessity of at ()ace taking such action as will prevent existing laws remaining any longer a dead letter is this town." The Mayor suggestedthat the letter shoald be con- signed to the Watch Committee, and—after Alder- man Chandley had. interpolated the otwervation that steps had already beeit taken, to a very great extent, to obviate the evil,, and Councillor Fleming had been ruled out of order for seeking to " follow on "—the Mayor's suggestion was agreed to.

The Watch Committee's proceedings, an far as public record in the shape of minutes shows, seem to consist pretty exclusively of passing accounts. and these minutes were soon. disposed of. Then ,latrie the edifying display of how Conservative Town Councillors can, under the crack of the Party whip,vote for a thing at one meeting and against it at the next.Tbe Council at the previous meeting heed decided that a professional auditor of the Corpora- tion accounts should be appointed, and so unani- mously were they in favour of this that an amend- ment to the contrary effect, which was moved by Councillor Canned, did not even find any one to second it. On Tuesday night, the Finance Com- mittee proposed that Counciilor J. Shaw Green be appointed the auditor, and at once a strong opposi- tion was developed. Councillors Connell, :inlet- I hurst, and Muir, all declared themselves now as strongly opposed to the creation of the of of professional auditor. Alderman Blackhurst de- fended the proposal of the Coin Witter, and pointed out how completely the Council wouid stultify itself by going back on its previous resolutions. Coun- ci:lor Fleming remarked that some of those who were now opposing,originally approved of the appointment. Councillor James Funclough "did not like the way the appointment had been made," and he alleged that the proposal for appointing a professional auditor had come from Mr. Shaw Green himself, but the assertion was at once contradicted by Alderman Holmes, the chairman of the Finance Committee. Councillor Dixon seemed disposed to reiterate the same offensive imputation, but this only elicited a still more emphatic repudiation from the chairman of the Finance Committee. Councillor James Fairclough did not improve his position by the asser- tion : But you first got the notion from Mr. Shaw Green," for the alderman at once responded with a decided " Certainly not. A little later on, the Mayor himself volunteered the information that Alderman Holmes had, some time dgo, spoken to him of the desirability of appointing a profes- sional auditor.

Councillor Roberts made a forcible speech in defence of the proposal of the Committee, end Councillor Muir, for once, sat very uneasily under his trenchant criticisms. Mr. Roberts contended that Councillor Muir's opposi- tion might not be altogether disinterested seeing that the worthy Councillor is " Mayor's auditors," and came in for a proportion of the ninety odd pounds which are at present paid to the elective auditor. Mr. Muir, judging from his inter- ruptive remarks, denied that be took any share or these fees, but Mr. Roberts maintained that he " could quite understand the opposition of Council- lor Muir." Mr. Roberts further pointekl out that the gentlemen who were now posing a 4 economists Lad raised no voice against the proposal to appoint an auditor. "J f the Finance Committee had selected somebody else that opposition would never have arisen,'' he asserted. The objections had no reference to Mr. Shaw Green's suitability or capability but to his politics. A vigorous denunciation of Councillor Dixon's free- dom in canvassing the character and motives of members and officials of the Corporation followed, and that gentleman was &scribed as the " great ' h imorist " of the Council, seeing that he claims to be consulted by manufacturers of the town on municipal affairs. Mr. Roberts concluded his speech by referring to the large properties now in the hands of the town, and the consequent need of an auditor.

Counciltor flepherd declared in favour of the amendment, and against the appointment of Mr. Green, while Alderman Ifarrison backed the Corn- mitttee and argued that the present elective auditors simply checked the accounts and did not audit them. Councillor R. T. Fairclough thought it would be better to go in for an Act of Parliament to get rid of the elective auditors before appoint- ing a professional auditor, and Councillor Bolton, ush's oszentatiously asserted that he had not at- tended any political meeting in regard to that sub• ject, said he would vote for the amendment because Mr. Green had not resigned hi a position as a town councillor. Alderman Uolmes described the dis- cu.sion as of the most extraordinary character, and he protested against the Council stultifying itself and the Finance Committee being made fools of. A vote was then taken, when the amendment rejecting the proposal of the Finance Committee was curled by fifteen votes to eleven.

In moving the minutes of he Health C.untnittee Alderman Sutton mentioned t hat for the last few weeks there had only been an average of three cases per week of smallpvx, and that there were no more than twonty-two cases in the Hope Hospital. With regard to the recent fire at the Aiken-st. hospital, there had been an inquiry, but as to the cause of t he confl igration there was a diversityof of,inion,and the Committee had not come to any decision upon the point. Upon another point, however, there was no doubt—the fire had cost the Corporation be- tween .E7OO and £BOO, because there had been no insurance. Councillor Bolton wanted to know why an insuranc had not been effected, and Cotincillor Plumpton maintained that the absence of insurance showed that things had been going on in a loose unbusinesslike way. Some debate also ensued as to the alleged refusal of the use of the %Vorkbouse hose. The lack of water at the hospi- tal for suppressing a fire was commented upon by Councillor Bonne!), and Councillor Beaman drew. comfort from the fact that the fire had afford° them some valuable experience against the time when they built another hospital. Councillor Dixon gently insinuated that the Chairmen of Com- mittees were responsible for the insurance, or non- insurance, of Corporation property, and Alderman Sutton wound up the discussion by saying that they had all succeeded in convincing themselves how clever they were, and how careful of the interests of their constituents. At the same time Ito re- gretted that some gentleman had not been a little more "previous" and told them about insurance before the hospital was burned down.

'rile Sanitary Works Committee proposed a re- arrangement of the duties or the inspectors, where- by Inspector Church was to be appointed sanitary works inspector and be ander the direction or Mr. Dees, manager of Longford depot, and not tinder that of Inspector Norman as heretofore. It wax also proposed to demolish or remove the urinals Buttermarket-street ar.d Winwick-street. With regard to this latter proposal an evidently unex- oected amount of opp-e.i,,00 was displayed, and the mover of the minutes, Councillor Beaman, agreed to withdraw the proposal but his seconder. C itincillor Browne, was oh three, an 1 a division had to be taken when the Committee's reeommendaticn was rejected by a Isrze ma lority. The ur;nals, therefore, remain. With regard to the re-arrange- ment of inspectors, Councillor Shaw was appre•ea- sive that they would soon see Mr. Peas walking about during a week day in a black coat, and he said he would move an amendment. Councillor Hill caused same amusement by his readiness to veond the amendment, but the Mayor pretested that they must have the amendment before they had the seconder. Mr. Shaw then proposed an amendment which was at once declared out of order, and at length he declared in a tone of mingled pathos and exasperation that he would "propose anything they liked if they would only tell him the words." Thu Town Clerk, having voluateered the orthodox foil', of" words," the amendment was unceremonious' rlected. only Mr. Shaw and Mr. 11111 votiny it.

On the Paring and Sewage committee's : 4n3t4iiten Alderman Illackhnrst Wai patiried with -1.6.414 rd to the way in which Warringt.m streets are F;;;Av.enked and watered. The waterinst, he gaid, 'diittake place on a dry day, but alter a thundr ..z.4,;',1 ..... .‹...

proceedings of the School Attendance Committee' passed under review without comment, on the pro- posal of Councillor Fleming ;. and in sub- mitting the minutes of the Museum Com- mittee, Councillor Roberts pa/d a graceful tribute to the generosity of Mr. John 'Harlow for the loan of the handsome collection of pictures now in the Art Gallery. Councillor R. T. Ifitirclough suggested that vocal and instrumental muse should be included in the list of subjects taught at the Technical Institute. He held out a tempting bait in the shape of the salaries earned by star artistes, and he thought if a town councillor could earn .g2O for a night's singing it would be a very nice income for him.

While propoQing the Town Hall, &c., Commit- tee's minutes,Alderman Chandley spoke in praise of the services rendered by the borough surveyor in the building of the new baths. The baths, he remarked,hai given universal satisfaction,and there had been a large number of bathers. Council- lor Hepherd and Alderman Sutton complained that the water in the plunge bath had not been in so sweet a condition as it might be, but Alderman Chandley said the water would be more frequently changed in future. In fact the bath had been too largely patronised, and, said the Alderman, when twelve hundred men had been in a bath the water could not be expected to Le in very good condition.

Amongother leading incidents of the Council were the proposal of the Fire Engine Comini:tee to buy a steam fire engine, which was adopted nen eon. The proposed supply of water to Penketh was discussed but the minutes of the Water Committee were passed without, division, as were also those of the Unneral Purposes Committee, which included a recommendation that "dutiful addresses" be sent to various royal personages on the occasion of the royal marriage.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
TESTIMONIAL TO MR. CHARLES ASHU RST.

A meeting of the Committee having charge of the te.timonial to Mr. Charles Ashurist, late station master at Bank Quay, Warrington, was held on Monday evening at the office of Mr. E. Braide, of the London and North Western Railway Company. Mr. Spencer Wellhead (treasurer) stated that the subscription amounted to £7B, and he requested Mr. Braide to make the presentation. Mr. Braide, after alluding to Mr. Ashurst's long services with the London and North Western Railway Company as station master at St. Helens and Warrington, and the efficient manner in which lie had always per- formed his many difficult duties to the satisfaction of the railway company and the nublic, presented Mr. Ash urst with a purse of £75 in gold, and a handsome barometer, bearing the following inscrip- tion : "This testimonial, with a purse of gold, sub- scribed by railway passenzers and employes, was presented to Mr. Charles Ashurst, on his retirement from the past of station master, Bank Quay, War- rington, May, 1893." Mr. Thomas Morris cordially endorsed all that Mr. Braide had FO well, said, and he also spoke very highly of Mr. Ashurat a close at- tention to his duties, and the satisfaction he had given to the railway company, and to all classes. Mr. Ashurst, after thanking Mr. Braids, Mr. Morris, and Mr Wellhead, expressed his deep gratitude to the subscribers, not only for the money so gener- ously given, but also for the many kind letter he had received.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON SOCIAL QUESTIONS UNION.

Since the first meeting held some weeks ago at the Museum, of the Social Questions Union for Warrington, a considerable amount of work has been done. Committees have been formed of mem- bers of various Christian communities in the town, for the purpose of combating the evils of gambling, drunkenness, social impurity, an also for the pur- pose of generally promoting the social and moral well-being of the community. The follow- ing are the officers of the various committees : Temperance Committee, chairman, Mr. E. J. Guest, J.P. vice-chairman, the Rev. E. T. Reed, secretary, Mr. S. B. Stringer Conditions of Hme Life, chairman, Mr. F. Monk, J.P., secretary, Mr. A. FL Lee; Labour Com- mittee, cliiirman, Dr. Starkey Smith, secretary, Mr. J. Haley ; Social Purity Committee, chairman, the Rev. E. T. Reed, secretary, Mr. Clement, George ; Gambling Committee, chairman, Rev. John Yonge, vice-chairman, Mr. John S. Green, secretary, the Rev. D. W. Roberts; Educational and Recreative Committee, chairman, Mr. C. 11. Kerry, secretary, the Rev. W. 11. Drummond. The Temp.:ranse and Gambling Committees meet on the first Friday evening, in the month ; the Conditions of Home Life Commit:es, and the E incational and Recrea- tive Committee on the second Friday evening in the month, and the social Purity C nnmitt-e on the third Friday eveninc in the rnanth. We understan I that tha Union have taken very decided st-ps in dealing with some of the evils above mentioned, and it is expected that very soon the union will become a powerful insti- tution in the town.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND SEEN

AT WARRINGTON.

At the Tory meeting on Wednesday night, in the Conservative Club, the proceedings were a little " mixed" from some cause or other, ant anyone who went there for fan had it to their heart's content. To begin with, Alderman Harrison moved the e'er:- tion of Mrs.Reynolds,as lady ruling councillor of the habitation before he moved a vote of thanks for her services during the past year, Then Captain Buckton moved a vote of thanks to the officers of the past year. Councillor Muir was called upon to second the motion, and this was the fashion in which he performed the task : " Mrs. Reynolds, Ladies and Gentlemen, I rise to move (cries of second) 0, I have to second, but what have I to second, I don't know what is proplsed."Amid roars of laughter, the worthy councillor was enlightened on the matter. Mr.llarrison, acting for Mrs. Reynolds, then called upon Alderman Francomti to move a re- solution. Ile could not make out what that reso- lution was, but the programme seemed to read, " Alderman Francomb will now propose Mr. Dig "(loud !aughter). This strange resolution waQ, however, not proposed, as another resolution Was proposed by Alderman Francomb. and seconded by Mr. Diggle. I am very much startled to know that there is another political party in Warrington. We have already a Liberal party, a Tory Party, a Liberal Unionist party, au Indepv.ndent Labour party in embryo. but Mr. Diggle announced that he had been a " political party" for some years. Fortunately this is a party of oue, and has therefore very little weight. From Obi point to the end the meeting went on compara- tively smoothly, although a resolution was pro- posed and carried about an hour before Mr. It. Pier- rose to support it.

I notice from the "South Australian Regi of May 2nd, that Councillor F. W. Monks was in Adelaide qt that time. It will be remembered that Councillor Monks left Warrington some months ego on an extensive tour,wloich is to include a visit to the World's Fair at Chicago. According o the paper named, Mr. Monks attended a meeting of the Adelaide City Council. lie occupied a seat by the Mayor during the Council's proceedings, and was introduced to the members of the Coe.ncil in the Mayor's Room. In response te a tOifo'f, he said he had been much struck by the moderation charac., tensing the Council's debal.e. Ile had been ink. pressed by the admirable plan v.pon which Ade- laide had been laid out—its beautifully clean,bsoad streets, its excellent drainage, 'and the cheapness of the gas lighting.

Warrington is going to ber.r its portion of national expense which will be ine'arred in conngction with the Royal wedding. Ido not ftnd any fault with this; it seems te be the 4orthodox way. of displayinq one's loyalty you kno' .v. Out I we,s glad that the meeting of ladies. 13., esided over by the Mayoress, on Thursday, decided againit sending a preaent. A suggestion how' Bver, emanated from the meet- ing which is to b' d submitted to the public meeting called by the 1 favor for Monday. It wts to the effect that the ro be a demonstration, ficluding a . procession o' local volunteer., the regulars from Orford Bar esck4. cyclists n costume, and other (xii". 1,1,' . was also suggested, I [Ave been told, that all i 15 ourgeases be requested tti decorate the; houses • windo' with bunting, and at ntOt illuminate th , (VS. The idea is a good one, so far • mu' e for effect goes, but I 4m afraid iv bar' fly wolk. /

---/ . There is a rumour afloatthat to add f dimensionli of the propood clemonst of Walking Day is to be altered i day.in this month tc• the 'sixth ktinw if there in much truth ' is certaiathat to flow-alter Day for this year would e nienee. The arranger'? !lave made for the last ) state ofnao :4 r lean • wo,lld, in e cr .iz'.

nal( *tom t 1 Of Juiv, In the rum. the date G I.A _ -

I ~ „

===== 0002601_18930610_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
A UNIVERSAL BOON.

It is seldom tivit any di co.:ery of science is such as will benefit al; classes of people. Some of the igrea, est discoi,eries. of the age, while proving beneficial to thousands, have also at least for a time, injured other thousands. Ey n some of the beat m.,dicinal preparations, however, much they may do to remove one class of disease or suit some constitutions, at the same time either deepen the hid of another disease, or leave it entirely untouched. or, if they benefit one class of patients they may injure another. Now,

===== 0002601_18930610_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GITEA.T NEED OF THE AGE

Is since scientifically compounded preparation which will effectually cope with tliA mevaltint diseases of this country, which will be certain to do good when fairly tried, which will be equally adapted to the meds of the merchant, the profes- sional man, and he who wins his bread by the sweat of his brow, the clerk, ths factory hand, the miner, the workers in metals, and the roadside labourers. It sh red also be such a preparation as contains no injurious ingredients, and which may be taken with imprinity by the weak and sickly child or the delicate female, as well as by the stronger constituted man. Such a preparat.oi would indeed be

===== 0002601_18930610_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
A BOON TO HUMANITY.

After long-continued and diligent research, this much- needed boon has been found, and repeatedly tested by analysts, who declare it to be pure and harmless. This desirable prenstation is that wellknown Vegetable Tonic called Gwilvni Evan.' Quinine Bitters, and it has gained such a widespread reputation for efficacy that many unprejudiced doctors, who have given it a fai: trial. frequently recommend It to their patients in c ises of great Weakness, Nervousness, or any disorder of the digestive organs, awilym Evans' gain' ne Bitters is so invariablpefficacious and produces etch satisfactory results, that when once tried it is always recommended. It has proved successful when all other medicines had failed 'o give relief. It, has also In many case, been found tabs permanently beneficial when other preparations at best only give temporary relief. Gwflym B cane Bitter; is purely vegetable, and contains neither

===== 0002601_18930610_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
MRROCTRY NOR IRON.

nor any pedsonous or other injurious substances, and thou- sands who hive benefitted by its use agree int saying it is a specific for all symptoms of Indigestion, Nervousness. and Weakness. It is also confidently recommended for Low Spirits Liver Disorders, and Chest Mentions. The unrualleled success of Owilym Evans' Quinine Bitters has induced unprincipled persons to offer base and spurious Imitations, somewhat similar in name and appearance, but possessing none of the virtues of this great national remedy. Remember that none are genuine unless the name Owilynl Evans is on label, stamp, and bottle. Sold by all Chemists, In bUtles, at Ls. 4d , 2s 9d. and 4s. 63. each, or ma 7 be obtained, carriage tree, direct from the Proprietors :—Qinnine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, L'anelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

EXPOSING OLD MEAT FOR SALE.

Dme trou ninutes tat when yard and was INIr. Critc short time prey. attling the door, and caught priso, 'tying, to force open care, hut the officers ,Itir. Critchlev said oor which must have be Ruch instrument. Prisone. in writing, denying the al. nt him to gaol for one month.

PUBLICANS IN TROUBLE. Ot the Shakespeare Inn, Dolcm the Warrington Police Court,on Du., prejudice of Ralph Normal. quality demanded. The 'Town ittlo) prosecuted in this case and %sea. Inspector Norman that kspeare, and asked for two-penn) When supplied. he asked for melar. 'lhe landlady wished to bring • but witness insisted on having it tic paid 2s. for it. When supplied, 71,1 sky into three portions, and lett adant. On being submitted to '7hat the whisky was adulterated •.ent. over the amount allowed tic deferred their decision until two hOard. —Samuel .ClFe.

Before the Warrington magistrates, on Monday, John Bradbury, butcher, of 197, Winwick-road, was charged with exposing 57 pieces of beef and three pieces of mut- ton for sale, weighing 431b5., on the 29th ult.,which was unfit for sale. The Town Clerk said that on the 29th ult. Inspector Norman visited the premises of defendant and found the pieces of meat above stated to be in an ad- vanced state cf decomposition. The Inspector at once seized them and Dr. Gorrtall on examining them found them to be unfit for human food, and a magistrate's order was secured for their destruction. The meat was old meat, and had been kept from the previous Friday. Inspector Norman and Dr. Gornall corroborated. The Bench thought this case was more from carelessness than from a desire to break the law, and fined defendant £1 including costs.

A " SHARP CYCL/ST." At the Occasional Court, Warrington, on Tuesday morning, before Mr. Edward Greenall, John Mulvey was charged with stealing a bicycle, the property of Dr. S. Parker, Stockton Heath:—Dr. Parker stated that he left the bicycle at the door on Mmda,y evening, and on receiving a communication requiring his services in an amputation case at the Latchford Hospital, he tried to find his bicycle, but failed. He later received such in- formation that the prisoner's arrest was effected at Hill Cliff Chapel, where he was engaged as a plasterer.—Two witnesses stated that they saw the prisoner trying to ride the bicycle which they immediately identified as belong- ing to Dr. Parker.—The bicycle was found reared up against the wall of the prisoner's house.—Prisoner was remanded to the Daresbury Petty Sessions. Bail was granted in prisoner's own security of £2O and that of two sureties of £lO each. GIVING THE WRONG CHANGE. At the Warrington Borough Court, yesterday, John Fleming, a street loafer, was charged with obtaining a half sovereign, the property of William Ellison, by means of a trick on the previous day. Mr. Hunt (chief con- stable), said that Fleming was at the Blue Bell Inn on Thursday afternoon, and he was requested by a lady to bring her a pound of strawberries from the market. She gave him is., and there would therefore be 6d. change. Prisoner went to the market to Mrs. Massey's stall, and asked complainant who is employed at the stall, for the strawberries. Complainant served him, but in giving him the change, he gave him a half sovereign in mis- take for a sixpence. Finding out his mistake soon afterwards, complainant went after him, and found him coming out of a public house. Instead of keeping him in sight, Ellison went in search of a police - man, and gave a description of him. P.S. ravlor ar- rested prisoner in the afternoon. Prisoner was sent to gao! for three months.

THEFTS FEOM THE MARKET. Mary Wood, 2,Dohnan's-lane, was charged at Warring- ton Police Court on Thursday, with stealing from the Market Place, two silk handkerchiefs, the property of Mr. A. Peacock, and a pair of stockings the property of Thomas West, on Wednesday. Prisoner.pleaded guilty. The Chief Constable said the complainant Arthur Pea- cock lived at 152, Winwick-road, and kept a stall in the Market. Between five and six o'clock prisoner was seen by the complainant loitering about his stall, and the prisoner was carrying a child on her arm, with an elder child by her side. The complainant watched her from a distanse and saw her take the two silk handkerchiefs, and put them underneath the clothes of the child she was carrying. In doing so a corner of one of the hand- kerchiefs was hanging out, and the elder child very adroitly pushed it under. She was going away when he stopped her, and gave her into the custody of Inspector Spinks. A pair of stockings was also found on the child and it was found that they had been taken from the stall of Mr. T. West, residing at 5, Legh-st. When charged with stealing them she said" I didn't steal them the little child picked them off the floor." She was sent t& gaol for N days hard labour. INFERIOR MILK ON SALE. At the Warrington Borough Court on Monday, Thos. Daley, milk dealer, of St. Austin's Lane, was charted with selling milk from which a portion of the cream had been abstracted to the prejudice of Michael Flaherty on the 7th ult. The Town Clerk who prosecuted, said that Inspector Norman sent Flaherty into the house of de- fendant for a quart of milk, and on being analysed it was found that 10 per cont, of the amount of fat and cream in an average quality of milk had been abstracted. Inspector Norman corrobated. Defendant said that the milk he sold was never in his dairy more than an hour, ;and frequently was put off the farmer's cart on to his •own cart. The cream must therefore have two ah- •stracted before it came to his dairy. Defendant was *ned 30s. anoLcosts and was told that lie had his remedy against the farmer. John Richard Lilley, milk dealer, 5 Pitt-st., woe harged with committing a similar offence on the 7th t. Inspector Norman gave the facts of the case, and mdant said that he was not accustomed to serve the and had made a mistake, and had given the in- r some skimmed milk in mistake. Defendant was 'a. and costs. A Susmotous CnARACTEII. Tell, of Hill-st., was brought before the War- istratee, on Monday, on the charge of at- break into the licensed premises of the tt 11 55 on Saturday night. In order that could deal with the case, this charge • reduced to one of being a convicted ,quenting* the premises of the Higher • commit a felony. P.C. Turner said ht he was on duty with P.C. Bell ntering Hill-st. they met prisoner T Angel yard. They cautioned ble persuaded him to go home. er they were examining the they heard someone go into the back door. They at hley, the landlord,aa they ;ously. As the person in the two officers went to ler with a poker with the door. Prisoner brought him to the that there were an caused by the .made a rambl- 'fair, but the

•lane, londay, some ler k the

tc fig One Hight Wa. prisor row cvl -,ing to. in or.

" brother ran commit-

===== 0002601_18930610_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
insid: dung the same as in the last case. When analysed the wl ' was found to be adulterated 6 per ce.llt• Samuel Wilson, of the Feathers Inn, Bridge-st.' was also charged with committing the same offence. Inspector Norman went through the same procedure as in the fast case, and the whisky was found to be adulterated to the extent of 13 percent. The Bench inflicted A penalty of 30s. and costs in each case.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASFS.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE. COURT.

SATIIIIDAY.—Before Mr. John Burgess (in the chair) and Dr. White. DRUNK. AND DISORDERLY.—Martin Griffin was charged with the above-mentioned offence, in Horsemarket-st., on Friday afternoon. P.C. Barnet (27) Aaid the pri- soner threatened to cut his eye open. He was fined 5s and costs. A WINDOW SMASHER.—GiIbert Massey was charged with breaking a window pane value 2s. 6d. at the house of his mother, in Lord Nelson-st. The constable stated that he was drunk, and his mother was persuading him to come into the house, when he broke the pane of glass. Mrs. Massey corroborated. He was fined 53. and costs for being drunk an ordered to pay 21. 6d. for the dam- age to the window. A MIDNIGHT SCENE.—George Henry Longshaw, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in St. James'- at., and also with assaulting Mrs. and Miss Williamson at the Golden Lion, and with doing damage to two win- dows to tho extent of ss.—Sergtant Smith said at 12 30 that morning he was near Tunstall's-row, when he heard scream/ of femile' s and found prisoner with his face covered with blood at the Golden Lion. The landlord, Mr. Williamson, told him to take the man into cust.dv, as he had murderously assaulted Mrs. and Miss William- son The prisoner on being brought to the police station behaved like a madman. He had a large wound on his head which was bleeding profusely. As the complain- ants in the case did not appear the magistrates dis- missed the charge of assault and fined him 5/. and costs for being drunk and disorderly-,

MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (chairman) Alderman Harrison and Francomb and Messrs. F. Monks, W. Pierpoint and S. Wright. DRUNK.—Michael Duffy for committing this offence in Winwick-strset on Saturday night was fined ss. and costs or seven days imprisonment, and for being drunk while in charge of a horse and cart in Winwick-street on Saturday afternoon William Young, of Fearnhead was fined ss. including costs or seven days imprisonment. ROGUE AND VAGABOND.—John. Duffy was found by P.C. Turner, sleeping in a haystack in Arpley-fields on Saturday night. He had a pipe and tobacco in his pocket, and on being brought before the magistrates was ordered to leave the town. Bunion OF THE PEACE. —William Baldwin and William Smith, each residing in Buckley-street were summoned for fighting in that street on the 27th ult. P.C.'s Bruen and Leithwood proved the case, but Baldwin brought witnesses to prove that Smith grossly insulted his wife, which was the cause of the disturbance, and the magis- trates discharged Baldwin, and bound Smith to keep the 1 peace for six months, and ordered him to pay the costs. HAVING ARACE.—Richsrd Holcroft, Appleton CM" Cheshire, and William Ramsbottom, ef Northwich, were each charged with furiously drivinr, a horse and trap in Knutsford-road, on the 31st ult. F.S. Smith said that ' he was near Wash-lane on the day in question, when he heard two horses and traps coming at a furious rate down Black Bear Bridge. They passed him at such a speed that he had great difficulty in identifying them. They were having a race, and were probably going at the rate of 15 or 16 miles an hour. P.C. Corcoran cor- roborated, and Benjamin Milliechap said that a bicyclist bad a narrow escape of being run over. Ramsbottom said he was agreeably surprised and very proud to know that he had a horse that could go at such a rate as the officer had stated. He was not previously aware of the fact. The bench were determined to make an example of the case and inflicted a penalty of 40s. and costs on each defendant. _ _

OBSTHUCTIONS or FOOTPATH.—AIfred Lee, 22, Hay- dock-street, was fined 23. 6d. or seven days, for allowing a barrow to remain in Temple Court from 11 a.m. to 1.40 p.m. on the 25th ult. George Wilding, furniture dealer, IN inwick-street, was finel ss. including costs, and Edgar Valentine Morton, pawnbroker, Winwiek-st., 40s. and costs, for leaving some furniture on the foot- path for an unreasonable length of time on the 26th ult.

PROSECUTIONS UNDER THE WEIGHTS AND MEASURES ACT.—Thomas Boardman, shopkeeper, 7 Kendrick-street, was fined 10s. and costs on the charge of having a pair of scales unstarnped on the 25th ult. and also 103. and costs for having possession of a pair of scales unjust on the same date ; Joshua Taylor, shopkeeper, 7, Froghall- lane, was fined 51. and costs, for having a pair of scales which were unjust on the 18th ult.

TuEsnAr.—Before Mr. R. Garnett (in the chair), Dr. Starkey Smith, and-Mr. E. J. Guest. . .

DRUNK AND DISONDERLY.—Annie Ryan, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Ship yard the pre- vious night. P.C. Barlow said she behaved more like a madwoman. She was sent to gaol for on,. month hard labour. Mary Reynolds for the same offence in Butter- market-st.„ was fined ss. and costs, or 14 days. INDECENT BEHAVIOUR.—Thomas Murray, who has resided in Warrington for about ten months was charg- ed with wilfully indecently exposing himself to some children in Bank Park, at 4.30 the previous afternoon.— The park keeper, and the head gardener gave evidence as to the offence. The Chief Constable said he had had several complaints about this matter.—Prisoner was sent to gaol for three months hard labour.

WEDNESDAY. —Before Mr. John Faircloligh (in the chair),

Mr. John Geddes, and Councillor J.-H2Fleming. ASSAIILT.—Patrick Mooney was charged with assault- ing Ellen Gleeson on the 3rd June. The cemplainant sail she west to the defendant's house, off Crossley-st., on Saturday night. He commenced using bad language to her, for which she rebuked him. He afterwards got hold of her by the throat, and attempted to put her out, and also butted her in the face with his head.

Annie Wright gave evidence, in which she said il;;;?.; man was the worse for drink, and had pushed the door of the defendant's house in. The Bench thought the woman was as much to blame as the man,but fined him ss. including costs, for taking the law into his own hands.

THURSDAY. —Before Alderman Chandley (in the chair), Alderm an Sutton, and Captain Ridgway._

AN ABSENTEE.—Tho:nas Gaffey was fined 404. or a months' imprisonment for absenting himself from the Reserve since March 1887. D.S. Monaghan applied for, and received the usual reward. DRDNX AND DISORDERLY.—For this offence in Bridge- St., Patrick Kilroy was fined ss. and costs. SCHOOL ATTENDANCE CASES.—The following persons were dealt with for not sending their children regularly; to school : William Leyland, Cockhedge, fined ss. ; Michael Cavenny, 4, Old-road, ss. •, Mary Connor, 1, Turner's-yard, SA. ; Martin Lally,2l,tlaydock-st., 2s. Ed.; Martin Noon, 34, King-st. 2s. 6d. ;Mary Tawey, Berry's- yard, Ss.; Elizabeth Wilson, Robinsen's-yard,discharged on the parent consenting to have her son birched.

FRIDAY. —Before Alderman Harrison (chairman), Coun- cillor H. Robtrts and Mr. W. Pierpoint. DR172.1% AND DISORDERLY.—PauIine Oultram was fined ss. and costs or seven days for this offence.

ABSENT FROM THE MILITJA.—John McCabe was re- manded until to-day on the charge of absenting himself from the Third Royal Lancashire Militia since the sth inst.

THROWING STONES.—George Robert Brookes (11), 44, Chorley-st., and Thomas Shaw (13), 81, Lythgoes-lane, were each ordered to pay the costs, on the charge of throwing stones on the 4th inst., in Bittersby-lane.— Josiah Richards (11), 13, Edward-st., was dealt with in the same manner for throwing st9nes into St. Paul's churchyard on the 2nd inst.

ALLEGED itLTREATMENT OF A Floßsx.—Thomas Stringer Pear 'Free Farm, Crowley. Cheshire, was charged with illtreating a horse by working it while in an unlit state, on the 24th ult. Inspector Dowty R.S.P.C.A., said that he noticed defendant in Bridge-st., on the day in ques- tion, with a horse attached to a furry. Witness n,ticed that: It 3 was vtry lame, :and on examining it, he found that the fetloek shot out as the animal walked, and that there was much inflammation. Mr. Hewitt, veterinary surgeon, stated that the horse was sound.and that the shooting of the fetlock would not cause inflam- mation. The bench did not consider the case a serious one, and ordered defendant to pay costs.

HAVING WILD BIRDS IN HIS POSSMSSION.—TIIOS. Brady, Percival'-fold, was charged with unlawfully, and wil- fully having in his possession some young thrushes re- cently taken. P.S. Chantler and Inspector Dowty proved the case. Defendant pleaded ignorance of the law, and was fined in the costs.

ORDERED TO FULFIL A BOND.—William Oakey was Or- dered to pay is, per week to John Bolton,fustian cutter, in order to discharge a bond of 10s.into which he entered, that his daughter Mary Ann Oakes would attend to her work in Mr. Bolton's employ, and Mary Ann Oakes was ordered to pay 6d per week towards the cost of the sum- mons. Mr. A. Browne prosecuted.

WARRINGTON COUNTY SESSIONS. WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr. J. Rylands (chairman) and Major Pielemere. Daum{ AND DISORDERLY.—Simeon Hands at Sankey Bridges, an the 27th ult., 2s. ed. and costs ; for being drunk in Burtonwood on the 3rd inst., Allan Tickle was fined 2s. ed. and costs or seven days. LICENSES.—James Lawrence was granted the transfer of the Bowling Green Inn, Ri xton, from John Walmskr7 Price. George Platt, Waggon and Horses, Haydock, was granted an occasional license to sell on the gala field, Haydock, during the gala day of the 10th and 12,h

QUARREL BETWEEN TWO BROTIIERS.—Wm. Howell I charged with being drunk and disorderly in Sankey -,es on the 20th ult. P.C. Dugdale said that he saw er in Howard-st., on the above date, having a ,h his brother. He was drunk and on witness vards the two, they went away and entered a der tc fight.—Witness fsllowed and defendant's away. Prisoner was fined ss. or seven days t.—Joseph Howell was next brought up on %fitting at the same time and place and • to keep the peace for three months.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS. MONna.Y.-7-Befora Mr. Jno. Brundrit and Mr. H. Bern°lb.

LONDON AND NOR'rEPWESTERN SPORTS.—Ino. James Ramsey, of the Sandon Hotel, Liverpool, was granted permission to sell on a field at Sutton VI eaver from 12 noon to 8 p.m. on Saturday the 24th June on the .occa- sion of the London And North-Western Railway sports. 1 SIIOCICING FAMILY DISPUTE —Margaret Rushton, of Woods Row, Halton-road, was summoned for using threats towards Margaret Setfon, her sister, of York-st., on the 22nd May. The defendant was further charged with assaulting Mrs. Sefton on the 29th May.—Mr: Burton appeared for the complainant. On the first occasion the defendant threatened to Mt her face off with a broken tile. On Monday, the case came up at Court, but was adjourned, and the defendant at once went to complainant's house, burst open the back door and assaulted her, alsw dragging her by the hair half 1 way up the yard. It transpired during the case that the trouble arose through the defendant believing that the complainant harboured her husband at her house.—The defendant contended that it was a "fair 'fight." Her children were wanting bread and that was sufficient reason for what she had done.—Superintendent Ather- ton said the defendant was a terror to the locality.—She was ordered to be bound over to keep the peace for six 'months, and pay the costs 11s. 61. in the first ease, and ' for the assault she was fined ss. and costa ho. 61' The defendant said she would go to gaol before she would pay a halfpenny.—A summons was then heard in which Mrs. Rushton, charged her husband William Rushton with deserting her and neglecting to maintain her. She stated that lie left her on the 13t11 March and she "never heard tell of him" until three weeks ago. He had never' contributed a halfpenny to her since. He was a labourer at Mathieson's and earned 30e. a week. She had five of a family, three of whom were under seven years of age. —ln cross-examination by Mr. Burton, complainant denied that there had been any trouble about a lodger, whom Mr. Burton said had more to do with the man- agement of the house than the husband had.—lt was stated that the lodger was now living with the woman, and that she had refused her husband admittance to the house.—The Bench made an order upon the defendant to contribute 10s. per week towards the support of his wife and family. ASSAULTS AT WESTON.—EmiIy Oldfield, of Pritchard's Row, Weston, was summoned far assaulting Sarah Andrews. It was alleged that while Mrs. Andrews was hanging her clothes out, the defendant severely beat and kicked her.—The defendant said the reason far the assault was chat complainant had made a foul accusation against her.—Fined 103. and costs 113. 61.—Robert Sweet, of Heath House, Weston, labourer, was sum- moned for assaulting Emily Oldfield, who alleged that he struck her on the face and knocked her down giving her a black eye. Defendant said the woman threw stones at him, and tore his waistcoat from his back.—A fine of 103. and costs 103. 61. was imposed. ALLEGED FOOTBALL OBSTRUCTION.—George Jones, a respectably dressed mkn, as charged ,with obstructing the footpath in Bridge-street, and also with assaulting P.C. Beckett.—On Saturday evening the prisoner was obstructing the footpath and would not leave. When P.C. Beckett went to remove him the prisoner struck him two blows on the stomach. With the help of P.C. Plevin he brought the prisoner to the police-station.— The charges were dismissed.—Hiram Irlam, a youth, ' was summoned for obstructing the footpath in Green- way-road, on the 21st. May.—Dismissed.

SCHOOL BOARD CASES.-9 number of persons were summoned at the instance of the School Board for net sending their children regularly to school. The several cases were proved by Mr. T. Bowyer and the usual fine of 53. was imposed in each instance. GAIIBLING.—A youth named James Davies was fined ss. and costs 123. 6d. for gaming with cards on the Fair ground on the 30th April.

ALLEGED ROBBEnT Fnom A GARDEN. —Thomas Collins (15), John Roden (10), nnOch Shaw (8), and Aephen Rose (9), were charged with having during Thursday night stolen 3s. from a hut in a garden, in Station-road, belonging to Daniel Shakeshaft. It was also alleged that the boys had also seriously darnaged the gooseberry trees and potato plants.—The bench said there was no direct evidence that the bows had either stolen or received the money and they would be discharged.

"THE CLEVEREST BEGGAR IN BATTE R- SEA. " A officer of a local bratlelt of the Charity Organization Society has discovered a family who are known to their neighbours as" the cleverest beggars in Battersea." The title appears to have been honestly,or rather dishonestly earned. Some two years ago this official's opinion was asked by a medical man regarding a family in that part who seemed to be in great distress. The home was a miserable one, the children dirty and untidy, the father appeared to be always out of work, and it was difficult to see how the family managed to ke2p out of the work- house. It was found, however, that at one and the same time they were in receipt Gf out-door relief from the Guardians, and were getting help from the clergy- man of the parish in which they lived, as well as from a large Dissenting chapel in the same district The clever family were also being assisted by the Salvation Army and by members of the Church Army, whose meetings the man attended in a parish quite a mile away from his own home. Not long after this they left the district, but very soon news of them was received from another relief committee, to whom the man seems to have represented himself as" an infidel lately won over to Christianity."

===== 0002601_18930610_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE, DERBYSHIRE, AND EAST COAST RAILWAY.

The Lancashire, Derbyshire, and East Coast Railway Bill, which has already passed the House of Lords, catne on Thursday before the examiner of the House of Com- mons. The question of the compliance of this Bill with Standing Orders having been inquired into,the examiner decided to allow the Bill to proceed to its second reading in the House of Commons.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LlisE RATOR FRAUDS.

" SHOCKING ! PERFECTLY SHOCKING."

The Liberator Society's affairs were further investigated in London on Tuesday. Mr. Morrell Theobald was called, and stated that he raised objections on certain points connected with the Liberator Society, with the result, that he was cold-shouldered by the entire board of directors. Beyond what had been stated by his brother as having been received from the Liberator, namely £3,500 odd, he had not himself received a penny. Mr. Leonard Burns was called.

Mr. J. 11. Pattison said he had been a director of the whole of the Balfour comnanieq, but it seemed incredi- ble that he had received £20,000 in fees.

Mr. Wheeler: You may take it from me that it is so. Mr. Wheeler read a resolution which was passed upon the removal of the Liberator into its new offices :—" That, on the occasion of taking possession this day of our new premises, the directors desire to record their sense of thankfulness. for the prosperity with which, as they believe, God his hitherto blessed their efforts in the establishment of this business." (," Oh, oh," and laughter). The Registrar : Who seconded it ? Mr. Wheeler : The Rev. D. Burns.

The Registrar : Shocking, ! perfectly shocking ! Continuing witness said he had made many speeches at meetings of the society, but did not claim to be its orator.

CADBURY'S COCOA is al9soluteir pure.—The Public AnA _lysts have submitted C•rmußY'S Coco• to close tests snd the result has always proved its great value as a sustain tog aid nourishing beverage.--Advt.

The body of a respectably dressed woman, whose head had been literally smashed in, was on Wednesday found near the rifle butts on Wormwood Scrubhs. Four men were arrested on suspicion, but subsequently dis- charged.

"MASON'S SUMMER-TIDE." containing complete story of " A Sister's Sacrifice," by Alien Carter. and " A Stir in the Dove-cot," by W. J. Hodgson. Post free for three stamps from Newball and Mason, Nottinghtm.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
HE EX.AIM.INEII', SATURDAY, JUNE 10. 1893.

ASLEEP IN CHARGE OF A HORSE AND CART.—Thomas Gleave, was charged with being asleep while in charge of a horse and cart in Sankey, on the 18th inst. P.C. Dugdale proved the case, and Mrs. Gleave who appeared for her husband, stated that he had had no sleep for two nights previously.—Defendaat was ordered to pay the costs.

- GIVIN6 Floa " Rom', RULE"—Patrick Loyden was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Croft on the 21st ult. Defendant created much amusement by ad- dressing the magistrates as " Your honours," and your lordships," and said that another man ought, to have been summoned, as he kept tinocking his hat off, and saying " I'll give you Rome Rule." Defendant was fined 21, 81. and costs.

OBSTRUCTING THE OIGIIWAY.—Ichti Rowles was sum- moned for leaving hig home and cart across the highway in Eloughton for 20 minutes on the 27u1t. and was fined 25. fld. and Costs. CONTRAVENTION '.OF A COUNTY BYE LAW.JATIIes Eaves was charged with contraveniNg a county 'bye law in going with a coal cart in Rixton on May 27th, without having any cales with him, and was ordered to pay the costs.

ASSAULT ON A CONSTABLE.—Henry Smith, Iship canal labourer. was charged with being drunk and disorderly, and also with assaulting P.C. Little at Rixton while in the execution of his duty, on May 30th. Complainant said that prisoner and a large number of people had just come out of the Bowling Green Inn, Rixton, at closing time on the 30th ult.' and as they were drunk. witness and P.C. Pope told them to go home. Prisoner upon this turned round and struck witness in the face They then, fell to the ground together, and prisoner kicked hit ia in the stomach to such an extent that wit- ness had been off duty ever since. In the meantime P.C. Pope had been attacked, and a man he bad ar- rested had been rescued by.. the others, and Pope then came to witness's assistance and prisoner was locked up. Prisoner was fined 40s. and costs or a months' hard labour.

CRICKET.

*** Secretaries of Cric' et Clubs are requested to note that reports of matches played on Saturday must be sent to the head °face, Bewsev-street, Warrington, not later than ten o'clock on Wednesday m9rnlog.

CRICKSTERS. Lawn Tennisers, and Golfers era reminded that GEO. G. BUSSET & Co., manufacture high-cuss requtsites. Their new catalogue is obtainable from Local Deale.s, or the Srorts Manufitctory. Peckham itye, S.E. Trade (LLO (s: Mark.

ORFORD CRESCENT (WARRINGTON) V. OUGHTRINOTON.— Played on Saturday. Score :—Orford Crescent, 114 for 7 wickets ; Oughtrington, 10. SANKEY WIRE MILLS JUNIORS V. WRITECIIOSS —Played at Mill-lane. Score :—Sankey 60, Whitecross 41, the Juniors thus winning by 19. ' GRAPPENUALL ST. WILFRID'S V. MOORE.—Plaved at Moore on Saturday. Score :—Grappenhall 43 ; Moore 35

EMMANUEL (WARRINGTON) V. GRAPPENHALL Sr. WIL- PRED'S 2ND.—This match was played on SatUrday at Grappenhall, resulting in a w:n for Grappenhall by two runs and four wickets.

RUNCORN VICTORIA V. RUNCORN HIGI/FlELD.—Played on the ground of the latter. Leach both batted and bowled well for the former. Score :—llightield, 21.; Victoria, 35. $l/4 ORKINGMEN'S MISSION V. ROLYTRINITY.—The abore match was played on the ground of the latter. Workipg- mon's Mission team left the field under proteat when rhe scores read as follows :—Workingmen's Mission, 22; Trinity, 16 for four wickets. SANKEY WIRE Mitts V. WALKER'S BREWERY.—This match was played on the Wire Mills ground, on Satur- day. The home team batted first, and ran np the splen- did t6tal of 108, of which Frank Williams made 29 in grand style. The Brewery Club took only 44 runs.

CEMETERY WHITE ROSE V. PADGATE WESLEYANS (JuNtoas).—Played at Padgate on Saturday, and re- sulted in a win for the visitors. " Wood " for the homesters took three wickets for three runs. Score : White Rose, 40; Wesleyans, 28. SAMMY WESLETANS 2ND V. BRICE ST. AND FRIAR'S GREEN 2rzo —Played on the ground of the latter and re- sulted in a decisive victory for the visitors by 76 (for five wickets) to 16. Booth made 50 not out, Light 12 not out, and Bennett 7. Booth also took seven wickets for Seven runs, and Roderick to wickets for six runs.

WARRINGTON V. WIGAN.--rheso teams met fdr the first time on Saturday in miserable weather, at Wigan. Warrington lacked the services of their captain, Mr. R. Smith. A start was made at 2.15, with Mr. J. J. Cros- field and Sugg opening to the deliveries of Walton and W. F. Goodwin. The light was very bad, ,and in the professional's second over, Sugg was taken splendidly at short leg, the visiting professional having failed to score. Alin then began to fall heavily, and accompanied by thunder and lightning, the probability of any wore play looked remote. However, after threequarters of all hour, the game was resumed, Mr. S. M. Crosfield accom- panying his cousin to the wickets, despite the fact that the ground was-in certain places covered with water. Runcama steadily, but at eleven the initial batsman was completely beaten, and G. Clarke joined the visiting skipper. At 42, Clarke, in hits eagerness to notch a short run, failed to draw Mr. S. M. Crosfield, and a good wicket was thus literally thrown away. Crosfield played on without any addition to the score, whilst at 43 Clark was caught by Halliwell—five wickets being down. Reynolds played patiently and Podmore early showed an inclination to, hit, sending Walton to the boundary, but at 48 the last comer was taken by Halliwell, whilst with an additional run Reynolds was run out. Bell was beaten by Goodwin after making five, but trouble was given' by Bolton and Griffin. Runs came but slowly, chiefly by the aid of Bolton, until at 69 Griffin placed one in the hands of mid-on, and the venture closed for 61. Wigan came out of the ordeal with 96 runs. The fo- lowing are the scores:—

_ WARRINGTON. WIGAN. JJ Crosfield b Goodwin 5 W Wall c Bolton b Sung... q Sugg (pro.) c Shaw b Rennick c Clarke b J J Walton SAI Crosfield b Goodwin 14 Halliwell b Sugg ll 0 Clarke run out 2l Shaw hJJ Crosfield 0 H Reynolds run out I. Goodwin bJJ Crostleld b Clark (pro.) c Halllwell b Sugg 29 Walton 0 Hammersley c Reynolds b W H Podmore cHalliwell _ __J J Crosfield 2

Goodwin 5 Macaulay (pro.) c Clarke ' L A Voisey b Goodwin B Bell b Goodwin H Dolton not out ll Walton (pro.) c Bell b Sugg 1 W Griffin c Renni&a b Dowgill hJ J Crosfield 4 Walton Extras 3 Extras ll

Total 63

• Total

ROWLISG ANALYSIS. WIGAN,. 0. M. R. W. 0. M. R. w Wal ton W H Goodwin 18 6 40 5 Sugg J J Crosfield WARRINGTON 2ND V. WIGAN 2ND.—Played on Saturday. Score :

WARRINGTON.

WARRINGTON. WIGAY. Jolley c and b Knowles... 24 S Ball c Parry b Bibby Bibby is Taylor b Clayton 21 Taylor cJeans b Bibby 2O Jefferson b Clayton 29 Nitylot b Bibby Williamson b Ball Woods by Clayton ........ 0 Armstrong b Jefferson 1 Jeans run out Unsworth not out Parry b Clayton ........... 0 Knowles b Jefferson Brown not out 4 Ward e and b Jefferson 0 Dunn I Did not bat Heaton hot out 5 Dominion Brown b Bibby 0 Extras 3 Extras 5 _ Total (for 7 wkts) BB Total B5 SANKEY WESLETANS V. BRICK-AT. and FRIAR'S GREEN. —Played at Mill-lane. Score : ..- BRICK-ST. AND FRIAR'S GREEN SANKEY Tem:LET...Ks. . ___

W Woods b Simpson 1 A B Bailey b Bibby J Cateleer c Simpson b E Clare c Mortimer b Bibby 1 Watkins W Critchley c Burton b C Burton b Critchley 8 Bailey 8 F Hardy c Jolley b Critchley 2 H Dutton b Bailey 1 T Simpson c Shaw b Barton 5 T Bibby run out 4 D Roderick not out 3 13 Jolley b Sin.pson 1 B Watkins b Critchley 0 W Barton b Watkins JH. Mortimer b Watkins 5 S Hunt b Barton E Hough b Ballet. i D Shaw b Watkins o ley F Taylor not out 1 . Extras— 19 Bairns ETlC.,:—Playedrt taLlatcl-Ao:d4 • . LATCHFORD V. octnzwE al A43TH,L on Saturday. Scora != `c ATHLETIC. LATCHFORD. Wytcherley (captain) c eaht4E b Tolley,. Fletcher b Boardman... 13 Fletcher b Jolley Rear e Cleave b Thornton 6 Howard b Jolley. 3 Shenton b Starkey 8 Starkey run oat Wheatley run out l4 Fenton b Jolley Jolley b Boardman BrottAy b Thornton Taylor b Thrru ton 0 Samsdale Latham c Starkey b Howard 3 Knight c Rear b Broady 6 Eamsdale b Thornton lO Cleave. b Ramsdale Heath not out 5 Nevin lbw b Jolley 0 Braidwood b Fletcher 8 Thornton (captain) not out ll Extras , Total

1

1 3

BEWSEY WESLEYANS V. BOCHLEY-STREET, WARRTNoToN. —This match was played on the grQund of the former and ended in a win for Bewsey Wesleyans. Heywood, Gibson, and Appleton bowled well for the homesters,and Rowe, Gibson, and Cottain, batted in grand style. Score : BIJOICLEY-STREET. BEWSI74' IVF.SLEYAND Cooke b Appleton 1 Chatlender b Hinehcliffe 2 Haddock b Appleton Simpson c Grimshaw b Sankey b Lfech Appleton Turner b Gibson.. 5 Leech Ilinchc!iffe c eywood b Gibson c and b Baker 23 I Appleton Pugh b Heywood 24 Sankey b Baker 0 I Baker b Gibson ll Grimshaw c Pugh b l Greaves not out Leech b Gibson 7 Howard not out Marsh b Gibson Massey b Gibatm 0 Monis c Baker b Leech... 6 Extras 8 Extras

Total

Total 9l

BRWSEY FORGE ENGINEERS V. GOLEORNE-ST. BAPTISTS. —On the Engineers' ground Gorsey-lane. The Engineers winning by 23 runs. The brothers Davey batted well for the Engineers, making 12 and 17 respectively. They were also in good form with the ball, T. Davey taking 5 wickets for 11 runs and R. Davey 4 for 10. The batt- ing of the Baptists was very tame with the exception of Unsworth, who hit out well for his 8 not out. Woods bowled very well taking 4 wickets. Scores:—

ENGINEERS. - BAPTISTS. 11 Cheeney b Patrick 6 Wood b T Davey o E Thorpo c Ball b Brown 0 Bate b R Davey 0 T Davey b Brown C Llewellyn st Bate b Roberts b T Davey ...... Pat rick R Davey run out l7 Unsworth not out D Gibson b Woods Jos. Armitage b Woods... 0 Wright b T Davey Jno A,rmitage lbw b Woods 5 Hall aitb It Davey 2 J Hardman b Payton 0 Crowder run out o W Armitage not out ... . 0 Ball c& b T Davey 2 II Bradley lbw b Woods 1 Extras 2 1 Ex!ras...... 6 1

Total 5l Total 2B PEARSON AND KNOWLES V. LIVERPOOL FAIRFIELD.— Played at Liverpool on Saturday. Scores : LIVERPOOL P•IRFIELD. PEARSON AND KNOWLES. . .

Doughty c Pickton b Taylor b Marsden 20 Howard lO Howard b Smith 0 Wltdingb Howard 5 A. Shaw not out 2l Bury b A Shaw

Dood— srm—b-A. Shaw 0 Palmer. Chadwick. Smith b A Shaw 2 Thompson. Gogh. G. Carry b A Sh4w - Marsden b Howard 2 ter did not bat. Bowden c A Shaw b

Howard 0 Adams G A Shaw Pearson run out 1 Billao not out 0 Extras

Tot‘l 36 Total (for 2 wkte) 47

WRSTON V. CHESTER Hot v TAINITY.—This match v a played on the ground of the former, on Saturday, and resulted in a victory for the home team. The Rev. G.EI. Kingston gave a fine exhibition of cricket, making 54 runs (not out); and Crompten performed the hat trick, taking five wickets for eight runs. Score :—Holy Trinity, 49 ; Weston, 112 for 6 'wickets.

BUNCORII,V. BIRKENHEAD VICTORIA A.—At Runcorn on Saturday. Score ;

_ , RUNCORN. VICTORIA. iillltOil 04* 0 Morgan b WMillan bWoods ' 4 Adams i 9 WyldecArtarns b Woods 36 Wright la Adams . 0 Adams b Woods • 3 G S Frith ton out - 3 Morgan b Godley 2 Abrams b Adams 2 Fish b Gatley 0 3 Frith ,c M'alillan b Sharrocks b Woods Adams Woods cling b Morgan 1 Roberts b Burtou Cross c and b Morg m Gatity•c Morgan b Adams 0 ton 4 Green run out 0 Bate b Burton 0 Pope b Adams 2 Buckleynot out 2 Wynne not. out _

Extras

Extr:s . 7

_ Total UREISTON v. WIDNES.—Played at Widnes on Satur- day. Score : URMSTON. WIDNES. Delany b Bingham 35 Walton lbw b Tonge Varley o Atherton b Dr Edwards b Johnson 9 Callon 3 Callon c Peart b Tonge ...... 17 li3 re e Atherton b lid- Atherton b Johnson wards Cooper c Maher b Ed- Watson b To.'ge l2 wards ' ll Maher b Tongs 0 Hamilton b Waring Tonge a Edwards b Callon 27 H Peart b Bingham 2 Platt a Callon ti Edwards 9 Johnson not out 6 S Peart run out Gillett b Edwards ...... Extras lB

Total 129

BOWLING.

Extra- 5

Total 66

LEGH CHALLENGE CUP COMM TITION. VIADUCT INSTITUTE V. CrARSWOOD HALL.— At Earlestown.

The following matches in connection with the above competition were played on Saturday, with the ap- pended result.

EARLESTOWN. GA.SIVOOD HALL. j Watson 2l J Sim lO J oee (I Mottram, 2l 3 Molynenx It Green 2l H Watkin3on It Sherlock (capt.) . -. -__ ...

F Davies 2l T Williams J Mottram 2l P Hill l5 J McAttee l5 J Winstanley

Total 162 At Garawood Elall.

Total

J Finch (capt.) 2l J Naylor l7 G Jones J &wage l6 M Moor (Capt.) S Thompson W Pilling J Edwards l7 3 Griffiths 2l A Gee W Grimshaw 2l E Grimshaw l7

Total 305

Total 260

Majority for Earlestown 45 WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. _ _

' RED LION v. &out QUAY.—This match was played on the green of the former, at Stockton Heath, on Satur- day, and after a close game resulted in favour of the home team. Score :

RZD LION.

BANK QUAY.

- W Mclntyre l3 T Ellison l5 W Rathbone ll R Wood l5 J Boscow Fred Broady l5 J Hutchinson J Hesketh A Broady W Clare _. _ _ __ _ __

Thomas Broady l5 J Massey B Shaw _ _ _ . 15

Thomas Heesom l5 3 Heleby AN Other l5 Nir (Beare _

J Gregory

Total 157

Total 144

NEWTON V. STRETFORD.—The second round of the Lancashire and Cheshire County Bowling Association competition was played at Wigan on Saturday, when Newton met Stiretford, and defeated them by 27 points. Scores :

NEWTON B 'Palmlough 2l 31 Sutton j Williamson H Williams

STRETFORD.

T Palenlough l4 8 Kelsall 2l A Clough J Liptrott R Lythgoe 21 H Haden . J Plmblett J Abbot lB J Johnson

T 8 Fairclough 2l I Valentine l7 - . - . .

3 Harrison

21 3 Ashton

18

H Sweetlove

223 LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE ASSOCIATION.

WARRINGTON V. LRlGH.—Representative teams of these districts met on the green at the Ship Hotel, Irlam, on Thursday to play in the second series of champion- ship competitions. Warrington joined the County As- sociation last year, and succeeded in taking the premier prize in the second division. Leigh have been affiliated for three seasons, and were thrown out of the champion- ship division last season by a couple of paints only. The first win was secured by Warrington, but after- wards Leigh pulled ahead, and making allowanco for a heavy adverse return at the close of the seventh round, continued to increase their majority until he close of the event. Score : LEIGH,

WARTV.NGTON. J Grundy J Isherwood J Hill JH Cocker 2l W Littlewood W Cocker H Hinclley 2l NV Bolton H Forshaw W Prescott . 2l T Walsh s T Smith J Southern 2l J Nevins W Houwhton 2l T Unsworth ' 12 WEatCliffe 2l A J Jones

227 lE aj orl ty 42 for Leigh. PRINCESS MAY'S WEDDING MiESSEN,

Princess May's wedding dress and those of the brides- maids arc being prepared by Miss Linton,who has made gowns for Princess May and her Royal cousins since they were little girls, The Materials are to be exclusively English, and even the trimmings are selected with a view to benefiting British trade as much as possible. The looms at Spitalfields are busily employed on silks and brocades for the trousseau. Lace-makers about Exeter and in Buckinghamshire are producing their filmy fabrics with skilful fingers, the Duchess of Teck having chosen designs and given orders. West of Eng- land serges and woollens are also requisitioned, nor are Irish poplins and even friezes ignored. Linens from Belfast, and lace from Limerick, are included in the orders issued. Even far Shetland feels the wave that has broken over Great Britain, giving an impetus to trade which was badly needed. The stony island of , Harris supplies a blue tweed for the Princess's wear,and Ross-shire has also produced two at least of the trous- seau dresses. Straw from Luton,ribbons from Coventry, and embroideries from the skilful cottage workers in the North of Ireland are gll being collected and wrought up into fashionable wear. .It is hoped that the example thus set of encouraging British trade may possibly be followed by English ladies in general.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
SIXPENCE FOR A SHEEP.

A FINE OF £5O.

At Guildhall (London) Police Court, on Wednesday, Albert E. Barnwell, a butcher, living at Finedon. near Wellingborough, was charged with having sent to the Central Meat Market the carcase of a sheep which was deceased and totally unfit for human food. Mr. Vickery, who prosecuted on behalf of the Commissioners of Sewers, and said this about the worst case that had ever come before a court of justice. Evidence would show that it was dressed as a lamb, that it was in a filthy condi- tion, the weight being 24lbs. whereas were it heathy it should be 56Ibs. The defendant, being a butcher, should have known its condition, and no doubt did know as when he sold the skin, &c., the sheep cost only 6d. Dr, sedgwick Saunders said lie had examined the meat. The animal had suffered from a wasting disease, and it was the worst case of the kind he had ever seen. Eating such stuff might be attended with serious results. Mr. Alderman Moore hesitated whether he should not send the defendant to gaol without giving him the caption of fine. He had,however, previously held a good character, and taking that into consideration, the alderman said he would give him the option of a fine, but it would be the maximum one of £5O, and £2 2s. costs.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
ii : 7m,-, I t -ivy rah) will if , ~,,,,, . ; -'. ' i ' - .

THE PENKETII WATER SUPPLY.

RUNCORN.

MR. W. DIGGLE TO THE RESCUE.

Some of the Penketh inhabitants have been dis- satisfied with their water supply of late, and in consequence of their complaints, the Rural Sanitary Authority have been in negociation with Warring- ton and Liverpool, in order to obtain an efficient supply for the village. Mr. Wm. Diggle'a philanthropic heart, for to use his own words, be is a philanthropist, I was stirred, when he heard of the poor sanitary condi- tion of the place, of which he claims to be a "half-bred." He accordingly called a meeting on Monday night a'. the Penketh Conservative Club, at his own expense, to advise the villagers is to the water they should choose. Toward 7.30, he was to be seen coming along the road attired in a white waistcoat, and with a red rose in his coat. On coming to the end of Stock's-lane, he invited a good number of people who were waiting for him, to step into the Conservative Club in order to view the different waters, of which he had specimens. In this room, there wasa formidable array of bottles containing the specimens of water, glasses, and piping in which the lime of the Warrington water had formed a thiek cake. The room quickly filled, and Mr.Diggle announced that the first business would be to elect a chairman, and Mr. Redmond was chosen for that position. The chairman very briefly opened the proceedings and then called upon Mr. Diggle to give his lecture. Mr. Diggle, who was received with applause, said that he had had large experience during the last 50 years on the subject of" Water." He bad lost money by bad water, and ga'ned by good water. It was likely that the inhabitants of Penketh vi.otild have watet forced upon them, and it was his object that night to advise them as to the best water, as they would have to pay the same for bad as good water. They might perhaps want to know why he appeared there that night. Well, he was a philanthropist, and his mother came from Pen- keth so that he was a sort of "half-bred "inhabitant of the village. He would now proceed to test several waters he had brought with him. Mr. Diggle amid much amusement proceeded to pour out a glassful each of Vyrnwy, Appleton, Winwick, Manchester, Widnes, and Penlceth waters, and tested each of them with a tea spoonful of lime water, and gave a very favourable opinion of Vyrnwy and Manchester water, but an un- favourable one of the others. He argued that water should be fit both for domestic and manufacturing pur- poses. The Liverpool supply was superior in this respect to the Warrington as there was less lime in it. Water with lime in solution, left a cake of lime in the piping, when it was heated, and in addition to making the tube narrower it was a bad conductor of heat, and thus caused more fuel to be used. He would advise them, therefore, to have the Vyrnwy water. . _ .

Mr. Cross said he did not think that the Penketh water did the inhabitants much harm, as the death-rate was lower than in most rural areas, and they wanted water for domestic purposes and not for manufacturing purposes, to which Mr. Diggle rejoined that it would be better if they could get it for both. Mr. Diggle pro- ceeded amid many interruptions, and then asked if any of the audience had anything more to say. Mr. C. E. PARKER said he was much obliged to Mr. niggle for calling the meeting. He (the speaker) was mainly responsible for forcing the question to the front, and whatever blame or praise was due, would fall upon him. When the wells were near sinks, &c., they werc. always in danger of b ing contaminated, and the watei for drinking purposes was far from good. The was would always be in danger where cottages were thickly gathetid together. Coming to the manufacturers point of view, he did not wish to unduly influence those who had shares in the tannery. But the village depended a great deal upon it, directly or indirectly. Unless the tanner, could get a sufficient supply of water for manu- facturing purposes, they would have to go elsewhere. They had no other course and in fact they had been in negociations about some property near Liverpool. He thought that should have some weight. Some of those present seemed to think that the matter was only important as far as domestic purposes were concerned, but he thought that the interests of manufacturers ought to have some weight also. (Hear, hear.) He proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. niggle. Mr. HOBSON seconded the motion, and it was passed unanimously. Mr. Diggle replied. Mr. Cross proposed that Mr. Parker call a township meeting to be held shortly. Mr.Hobion seconded and it was passed unanimously. Mrs. Garnett having briefly expressd her pleasure at hearing Mr. Diggle, the meeting terminated.

Mr., George Price, Bañkof

land, St. Simon St., Salford, says :

"For many years I have been afflcted with most excruciating pains in my limbs, which at times drove me most mad, incapacitating me from attending to business for weeks at a time. After a few applications of ST. JACOBS OIL the change in me is simply marvellous—l am a new man. I have spent scores of pounds in doctors' medicines, but all have proved futile. I give you this inform

mation for the interests of my fellow men, and you have my permission to make whatever use of same you think best."

PRIVATE STREI IMPROVE S -1

For two hours on Monday afternoon, Brundrit and H.Reynolds were engaged at 11.1111.1;" Police Court, hearing appeals under the Fri ' Street Works Act, of 1892,, against certain prof of the Board of Improvement Commissioners.. F. A. Lake, law clerk, represented the local atith°„' and Mr. Burton represented the Trustees of Sharon Lodge and Mr. Jno. Davies.—Mr. E. It'a— secretary /o the Commissioners, and Mr. Barker, veyor, proved that the requisite formalities 10'1 pne through.—Mr. Robert Foulkes objected to 110,ti, portionment with respect to Brackley-st., on the f,r( that there was a goad tiled parapet in front of 10 '0 petty, which had been there for 15 years, and stand another 15 years' wear. It was unreason call upon him to replace those tiles with 11-149. - Lake said the Commissioners must have the streets in such order that the ratepayers would not be C. 1.3•11 upon to do the work again for many years. Mr. P°" t, was the only object )r, and he owned one house, 0,10 . 38.—Through Mr. Burton, the Rose of Sharon ,i, Mr. Davies objected to their apportionment in re; Lane. It was argued on their behalf that the private property of which they had legally , Orst by a:gateway, then by stumps, and now a gateway. Evidence was called showing that the the houses had always been unobstructed, and merits of a directly opposite character were 11 Mr. Lake' produced the plan of the h es cc oushi`' passed the Commissioners and in this the building,' .fl stated to face Penketh-lane.--In regard to road, Mr. Lake said the Commissioners had effec'.' „ialone compromise with the property owners by contribution towards the cost of the work,and by aiil -( ing the estimate by substituting £lO for £2lO. for dering footpaths instead a flagging, the residents siring to maintain the rural Aspect of the road. asked the Bench to make an order in accordaoo this compromise.--The Bench found for the Colas stoners on all points. The question of costs g'3 over.

• THE WORMWOOD SC RUBS 1111110 I

• wt T 1) ARREST OF A POLICEMAN CHARGED - MURDER. SENSATIONAL DISCOVERIES. Great excitement was caused at Wormwood S•crticic on Thursday afternoon by the reported arrest of arm ,stable of the Metropolitan Brigade On the charge °or ing, murdered the woman found on Wed nesda9,l23,. on the scrubbs, near the rifle butts, with 015'4,, smashed in, and her mouth filled with dirt. etele-te stifle any cries. On inquiry the report Pr°— true. As far as could be gathered, it appears tt;i. dispenser at Wormwood Scrubbs prison gave 2,4 tion to tho local police inspector to the while he was crossing the Scrubbs late on Toeerrerti•C or early on Wednesday morning, he saw a PO4 eV whom he had previously seen on the beat, ec, r tae with a woman. • He was shown the body m ceased at the mortuary, and he identified IT' same woman he had seen at the Scrubbs. Inspector at once ordered the constable to be clei tiral Asked him to aCCOunt for his time On tht) question. He is alleged to have given 1053tieraf answers, and was then called upon to produce —for Cheon. He is stated to have offered some eXcuslide doing so, whereupon it was ordered that hie should be searched, and, if necessary, his gar' a tour) I up. The truncheon could not be the house and the garden was Here the house, was found embedded , earth in such a manner as to indicate that it 11 nerst pressed into the ground lengthwise by somesols„d, foot. On the weapon being drawn up it Vlad be smeared with what is believed to be , , constable was thereupon placed under arrest,%, don of having caused the woman's death. .1"f all has been identified, it is stated, as the wife °ble gineer residing at Sheplrds Bush, a fashioaa • urban district not far from the Scrubbs. .„ Shortly after six o'clock on Thursday eveacn; Samuel Cooke, a police-004ble of the X PtY';"„ twenty-seven, was formally charged by Inspector Morgan with the wilful murder of a named Smith,dias Cooke,a/icts Crowcher. hi who preserved a stolid demeanour, protestea Cence of the crime. •th the In the course of a conversation wi Ass.oclation representative a detective inspecOr..., "We have ascertained that the dead worai',, merly a barmaid, and that she has a mother ing somewhere in the neighbourhood of: although at present I am unacquainted Wit" i;;Eitla. address. The deceased seems to have ahlsiact:' regular occupation about two years ago. time she has been walkingthe streets of Lonclo_ed, pursuing her immoral life in the neighboootuoint Strand, Police-constable Cooke made her acqbace Efe was then a member of the E Divisiofl. ,,V' °coo Inquiries into the whole circumstances with the crime, and we could come to no 0 sion than to charge Cooke with wilful murder._, " The nature of the evidence?" asked the cv,. ° t te Of he te- than athmatniott fionrampsoasitloionng act hpafier aila•hat t throc.v. to be adduced is of a very sensationsa tio, --miP

Dr. ifaclts.l;,P has made a poat-a, Ant body of the fieeen.:.ed, and it has been juencr;con, "to several persons as thaii ;If a woman who WO visit Cooke. The skull of thi; victim has be redavd rbe a frightful cod/Mon. It has been Mashed , jaw has been fractatea, There are no marks a t except upon the face atid head, and at the .91)!Ions she was discovered there were no eureatlibe e'er; struggle. The woman was attacked eargoYoT c'hnarioactt,he big before the rain fell. Cooke bore a while a member of the E. Division. its has beebeile vile 4 Metropolitan Police about five years, and l'arns'olre - formerly a fisherman, but I know nothing tbef antecedents." The Press Association has asicertamitinerdclerielrlyle3.s: inquiries that a few weeks ago the was charged at Bow-street with being a dil.,fluvk son, but was discharged with a caution. ',,—„Tineg ,t;tl then accused of cohabiting with her, and 5"-nsfer`7„o proceeds of her immoral life. Besides being trla,s to the X division, a punishment in itself, C°° d for was stopped for a month. Lodgings were 3 her woman, and and an attempt was made to rem°l:,,Ve ha'n her surroundi:ags. The deceased is said tr) nl'a he u" very much attached to Cooke, who ig a yo- to t•-,t. very fine physique, but she had held hiin leafor b authorities as the man who was resPcniai

:•.,:•••;•,,. q ' ' 4,, .., . til:- '.....> 1-,2, • .. e,,,;`,, •+• 7,,5!'- :-. N ',y.4.,..t.••••., ,f. 'kii, 1 / '• i'i.==- / , , d • A..„, ......-- I I( I•tiii A ii l'iripc.--rz ~,,,1 I,;= •'. *_ 4,..i.-z- p- i •' ~... .... _. .. , 'AI /

J. nooro )possle , Ithori c4O 0.- 10° Ar ;)011 to —!dr• mad° I;ser° aVI ,tro, by to wero lyreli"rp, de' , 'as ies, ;14 ,11F -rabl)3 coil- , to°, _orbit*: irer ;Je4t(lo idento'o .ed "the thot form t ect a 5" licesing sce *lie 06 f;°"cd° I or ,t) o.4otorf Itisfac ri• • • tra ler °°9 •jea° resl jug rde° jii Und I tip. be ,J erso,. " luis sdard„; vietw: te 50". Det_ • • peloceri erg:rrod° a , pris`.'„nor lie 1" Pre° for reel noboloc her ej Der - tot 3001 bace;ie ia° conountle' corre- r-t 0

/ "nlenCe vi_ .lefe 'CO? Del lotto vO: 11111''

===== 0002601_18930610_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
IRON PROM

The extraction of metal from the magnetic ironsands found on certain portions of the-Pacific North American coast seems to be making progress. We learn that a plant is being erected on the shore at Crescent City,Cali- fornia, whizti it is expected will obtain daily 100 tons of iron from 1,000 tons of arenacious matter treated, the metal to be shipped to San Francisco for further manipu- L.Ation. The operations are to be Cellehleted under the etiportgiop of a Mr. Arkew, who has patented an electri- cal ppyoess or maneacturing iron from black sand, and whose Set-Vices have been engaged by a convention known as the Lawson-Rico Syndicate..—lron.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
THREATENED WATER FAMINE MANCHESTER.

At the meeting of the Manchester City Council, on Wednesday,SirJ. T. flarwood stated that there was only seventy days' supply in the reservoirs, and unless rain came copiously, the supply to the city would have to be curtailed. The Corporation had not gone to Thirlmere for water a moment too soon. They might get some Thirlmere water soon, but not within seventy days. It was worthy of note that within a year works whic.h had cost Manchester £20,000,000 sterling would be opened. He considered the tact unpredecented.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GOVERNMENT AND THE UI lONISTS.

The "Belfast Telegraph" on Thursday states that the Government, having become alarmed at the position oi affairs in the North of Ireland, have directed the county inspectors throughout Ulster to inquire as to the objects of the Ulster Defence Union, and the number and status of the persons enrolled. The Irish Executive are also seriously considering the advisability of proclaiming the proposed Ulster assembly of 800, which will meet about the 15th of next month, as being an illegal organisation under the Convention (Ireland) Act, 1879.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DROUGHT IN NORM WALES.

In parts of North Wales, on Wednesday, there were severe local thunderstorms, but, speaking generally, the drought continues with even greater severity. The mountains streams have all dried up, and the Dula, which washed away the railway bridge on the Holyhead line near Llandulas, is now a mere gutter, with pools hero and there. The prospects for the hay harvest are the most dismal for the past ten years.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
WAVERING HOME RULERS.

I The " Globe "is informed that Sir Edward Reed (L) and Mr. T. H. Bolton (L) have both received satisfac- tory assurances from the Opposition that hi the event of their finally deciding to resist the Home Rule Bill, they will not be opposed in their constituencies by any Union- ist. Mr. Bolton, in particular, has been assured that his late opponent, Mr. Moon, will not only refrain from opposing him, but will assist him, should his present attitude be maintained.

THROAT IRRITATION AND COUGH. —Soreness and dryness. tickling and irritation, inrlucing cough and affecting the voice. For these symptoms use Epps a Glycerine Jujubes. In contact with the glands at the moment they are excited hy the act of sucking, the Glycerine in these agreeable con- fections becomes actively healing. Sold only 1R boxes, 7id., tins Is. lid., labelled JAMES Epps 8c Co„ lioinceopatlaa TonACCONISTS commencing" Xlii. guide (post free.) Chemists, London." Dr. Moore, in his work on "Nose and TOBACCONISTS' OUTFITTING C 0.—186, Euston-road., London. Throat Diseases," says: "The Glycerine Jujubes prepared by Est. 1866,_4dvt. James Epps and Co., are of undoubted service as a curative or palliative agent," while Dr. Gordon Holmes, Senior SHE Uses THE RIGHT SOAP.—Hudson's Soap saves her Physician to the Municipal Throat and Ear Infirmary, clothes. Anything washed with Hudson's Soap is thoroughly writes : "After an extended trial, I have found your Gly- I w4shed. therefore remainslinueh longer clean.--A pure Dry Celine Jujubes oi considerable benefit in almost all forms ',if So ip in fine powthr. Adz t. throat disease."—Advt.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WORLD'S FAIR.

ruin.

--- ENORMOUS ATTENDANCE. ;.v. CHICAGO, THURSDAY.—Sevemty-three tors paid for admission to the World tr,o°

1.115 MR. HAVELOCK WILSON AND CRITICS. _ Thar. Mr. J. Havelock Wilson, M.P., declared oarocce,J" afternoon that he had instituted legal P against several newpapers for libel.

IIEAVY FINES FOR GAl‘ll3-1 , 0300i",,'.. --- At the Oldhnni Police Court, on Thrirsd37 ' cieorg' .4 Mary Ann Turner, landlady of the IS-o,ive 11,1 i et.; Hugh Turner, no relation a tookrnaker, O'ind 89 Greally were fined each £lO and costs for allowing gaming on licensd premises On the 0 Mr. MlZeand appeared for the defence. , ----op------- aittrier'. • A threatened strike in the Leigh collierY which 2000, miners would have peen effected, led on Wednesday as the re,ult of a conferenzoti`,,:n fr•"' "Pr("r•nrf•F of thr• Pre+r,'OV,rq and a &ill"' the Lancashire Miners' Fedeiation.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
8111 P CANAL.

STATE OF THE CANAL WATER.

I-____-_-- il A. DISGRACE TO CIVILISATION AND A DANGER TO HEALTH." A • Iv ts nth eleting of the Mersey and Irwell J not Committee ° nrllPs J. , T e d in Manchester on Monday, Mr. Alderman J h ,on presiding e chief inspector reported that .7-titears, visited the Manchester Ship Canal, and found the eseawas in a very bad condition, and. the stench feop thi,o,tnuinable. No sewage matter • drained into the e 'rt.erefore, 0 t it was supplied entirely by river! wete.e r. s no great improvement in the condition of.tin ,e2enali could be looked for until the water n t "48 'tself better. The water in the canal w se es eeci an that in the river, the result probably of the leltilsetinr river Worth distinctly ttiloctrtwiicihand also of accumulations of mud in- tb_e gave off obnoxious gases, He recomo_ rciaueed the regular opening of the sluices, so as to pro- Mr . subjeac'toimiange of the water oftener.—ReferrloK fConsultative to this 8111a.e,e'' r. T• W. Killick, chairman o the • .as a d• tnrnittee, said the condition of the water v• • . !lq'race to civilisation and a positive danger to healtitio. et.lTet•it. the progress made by the joint committee ou that •Ina' the Purification of the rivers, he pointed t e,_. ls 1892 there were- twenty-seven authorities in the waaauteorwshtehderwohich had sewage works in operation, where a.era My th were thir.ty-one. Further, in ,1892 there r -.the ee authonties wfiich had submitted schemes 4,4 Local Government Board ; now Were were twenty • (Bear, heals) Tars, e, - oANAL COMPANY AND THE LONDON AND W he ni NORTH-WeiESTERN RAILWAY COMPANY; Ts . est.- .1 rY into the claims of the LondonandaN,moirotsh theiel4"...?nd Great Western Railway Companies e e woe- 'nester Ship Canal; in connection withtflenelyt tee :,eat Warrington, was resumed on Wednesday,' ' Isa,"!l_rrseyors' Institution, Westminster, before Bruce (ae'l a Burleiell, arbitrator, and Sir J. Barklay.ese. cas bef.ol.egal asseesor. The parties were represented uenarrc, Lord Egerton, of Tattoo, .chairman t f. the srer 41'111123' and other representatives, of the body e Pres° s ' Me n ns• Lena eels,' Nichol!, general traffic inspector. of the ssidu,Tl and North-Western, stationed at Warnngten, Inaeetnat ill February last he received instructions st 4,). there. sjrcial observations of the working of the traffic good, _ ue _gave ail instance of a night trailic, f ton to acrid 17 nnnerai waggons, all full, from 'erring- bans enretu'es width had to be assisted by the train of, elene to get over the new deviatitown 3o ~et sir of them empty and rest !_cetAheriother listens' j• i-ook 2hrs. 20mins., to get to Crewe, from St. be ase unction. Al Walton New Junction, it. had to aliepeTqed. The night was mild and the rails were It wee Te Re g4tre further instances, and stated that Gary: Inund yowl that two banking-engines would be neces- \ 11When there was an; uncertainty at all they bank 9ver atterept to start, a train without eser„ r,eine. The delays thoroughly disorganise . t. sene"en., of the traffic. At the present time they. hael, o eteeiouelok entsim'is at Warrington, and those, in f pesl.n, would not be sufficient when the full quantity e teats so' rigor traffic had to go over the new lines. .1-Oci . itlierefe far had sheen made in ane weather, and na • (Itl4e e,l-I(ieri favourable to the Cacat Company. . n 4, ild 1q,,,,,P,°L0i418 were called on 'behalf of the London !Orc .8 .1-Western'to prove the increased cost of work- ineee. equent ou the deviations at Warrington, and the se '• was tl e ill's refers len adjourned, lees „(7,nce to the proposal to deposit a sufficient tee."(.liS., as to enablethe Canal Company to obtain d lun- oleef.'s,'UvPoesession cif the old lines, it transpire. .. • eesso7Lthat th 3 total amount of the railway chums tie_ °,l NT' and that they asked for a deposit of the who , mind, eatnount. The Canal Company, on the other trld ken itßg4ested a sum of less than half that amount: In t pll the basis of this proposal that an agree - o s , Prepared, and will probably be settled m. te t'll-11 i f 8 UO course heintr of e a few days. This is without prejudice , award in the arbitration. srt•el airbitratien of the claims of the London and North the and Great Western Railway Companies againstt ,Westnel"eilefter Ship C•tnal Company was resumed a. Leigh siastef en Thursday, before Lord Balfour of ilitri Were e4l, Sir Barclay, "Bruce. The witnesses 7 j;,, face 1i.,• L,ester, general' traffic superintendent o D l'eeeee"" of the reunion and North-Western ; Mr. G. . Dalt and ltlr Jot e 1 s of the goods traffic d,se • 'neat PP.e Ant Ittlraert,4tt)rEllsoliill ; and Mr. Henry reheldeni i'°tno''-' : all of whom spoke to the. difficulties..,et ' heenr ee traffic owing to the deviations, a9rl tros Ivitil'es Y tor the use of bank engines. Another class l that er*ai whose evidence was to the same. effect, was rains; the railway "managers. Mr. James Tl.lomps.on, 'ft of of the Caledonion Line, was examined, rind tOti FL‘t7l,B, CrOßs-eXarairled at much length by Mr. Moul- %se (lie gradients and the engine power required to Tee over thein. Cenel question of the deposit in order to enable the 'in ' company t ' ' f the old lines in ?am - ° get "session o eine the Nem . on and the neialibourhood, and so expe 1 . a;`se..._ anion of the canal, is still in abeyance. The rail- entimities have taken umbrage at the speech ef Sir rießici,t?da.rworel to the Manchester City Council, and the k littee(lllti lone have for lowever, that the moment been broken Off. It is ee , in renewed, and the c they ourse of a few days that be upon the canal atithorkit.,, eafraiting the sum to be aere upon, which has not yet te,a settled, they mi ed y forth obtain possession of en:yround, and proceed with the canal works. The te;' ,wit ,of the inquiry may be gathered from the fact that it ILle to no of the junior counsel for the respondent s guineas, with 152 guineas for consultations. ,1.111/ WORK thee FROM MOORE TO THELWALL. Tn el • a "11P Canal Company is making steady progress in ese_ecSicet of the n canal from Moore to Thelwall. The Is al itelaial,ou, the Runcorn side of the L. and N.-W. Railway !lid see:-1 mest com rm plete from thence to Runco file rhiti probably in a short time be open for truffle. fil hntji thewlYt howeeer, is a great hindrance at Moore, a.%it,,, 1 aesenger D'r train m s comence to run on the new 1 *ark ','Ot, it will be impossible to proceed with the tew...le ties . Point. Leaving the railway,and preceding '1 tle ca the 111141e11s 11,elton, one is ruck with the finished appear- tee (I,,inal, enup to Walton. The swing bridge over th ee al, and e bridge over the Mersey, over .which pec,l,l,w roadway from the railway crossings, Wildr.ws- stsee'-'llleway to Moore will cross, are at their tinishin.g. heel! auel were it nece.ssary, could be opened for pc.blic, tleaf (t-1,"1-,' verY Itort titne' that is as far as the river, 1)41'113 "s 4141 ridge, Near,Toin Payne'st Bridge. a tare( lock, " ni nevoiel are at work on the construction, of ,as poumwihprohy 11 ~the brand] of the old river, which vim( tanel '3' lihl•ierepool Brewery will be joined to the Snip ts,e,i, Pro7.eeding towards the Twenty Step Bridge,t , e the bed' Will see little of any interest until he arrives at. ge itself. It will he remembered that a fortnight *, ar.e.4, accident occurred, in which a train of seven ~141-ilie',ll ,'"as preci it t i into a lock which was `'ne ic '" "2 i••in the °Portionae of the Old Quay Canal,frorn ke t''''''' near he Quay ta the Ship Canal at Twenty a P Ines., Sad ts„ se• The waggons have now been. clearedouar, `ois iala‘ W'!tk is proceeding apace. The swing bridgera_t tient St re i 3 almost complete, so much so, that prep t ~. 41'011 ° h'ing made for the d. molition of the old bri,lgti,. anti,.'or toantf•resting portion now intervenes nn. • itt AN'r,n l').. lit a hundred yards from the cantilever bridieee, trigs:led:me. Here, are a: large number of will i,s toe i'd°,l in pile drivineo. This tedious work tsill4seerSble Ainount of time as a double row of piles needed fer something like sixty or seventy yards Itir,rent side of the canal. The canal at this pulet keit.'"' 41fler lit genl, rfical complexion to the rest of tie: tbss in- From Moore to here and also after this point. fu e), arti(nedil,a the rock is comparatively near the surface, l tted moremelt than about ti, e or fifteen feet deep nilyse`ll2 n 155111sa_fer a natural hank to the canal, but near a „...`")We "°, ik the old liver bed, arid the soft soil goes would greet depth. The sides of the. canal the *heti „retler no resistance to the corroding ;,f wat..iss.r. .13tOte7 Canal is opened. 'lite sides accordingly wil,l,t, , '4le, by tlm dOlible raw 01 piles witidn whin:lla I at Viri 4tit. of k Will he placed. The fine bridge .a ... shq roc l'Oreig itlie, knecrn ai.the Cantilever Brittlrisnot qoivilette 't f.7ts, and vehicular traffic will notallowed. ttiali; snlae time, although fent passengers.olcue_asioornaliilit_ ete.ti je of it. Another twee k in the centit KV viTIZ rXtettre at Latchford, owing again to the Ld..atriiii e'slateit.silway. Although not definitely settle 1 e sliab 41 the passenger trains will go over the new lee •• else, ktnetit within the next two or three i weeks. The ge beyond i Latchlord station s n the same, tie" " it was months ago, the work being prac I '"3' ' t • some • • The railway bridge ies s a sti ndstill in this section. lee. 4111 `,,, 1 tmen in use for sonic menths for goods traffic: 'ill!. ver.'l'; shortls.- have to briar the whole of the rail - 1 '-lie. Passing the railway bridge, the next la atsln thing is the hydraulic pressure house, which ilfinidi"' v n letel finniked. The locks have. been tuacteelef,°/"110Pote thee. In fact, ..could the old railway '''ne t e ' 'Ore and Leteliferd be pierced, it would not be si'`ll‘l's the whole of the sections were completely in ti". IQ th . ,a 1 ~,,, —e Meantime a large number of cottages are sesrtie • -u' se or erertion almost the whole "t'aserl' ,ilial) prov'es that builders length of the o• expect 7 aglarge in- "ie Population in this part of the country. , Teo RUNCORN DOCKS. _ . nun- ' el:), rn ';41,113 afser bring teased for twelve months, . . . 'era b'eKs wer'e • • ' ' ed for traffic. It will 111 kIiZEIII °red thet.tnFleunary last year, when tl , abola Ultter Loek was an reaching a complete state, much, h'e stehe.2°Ci Yards of wall W•Ps rent in twain like so.' .} ,s,eees eood eseileta 1 moments warning. it wee fouri,.... ells h;4:11,Yi.112 order in' r.tpair the damage and construl.2 ai•iv."l' ' nA-Ci liqinte thlt portions of the canal from t s feee lies Ruireo • d -I- phad consequently to be closed. 0.. ~,..k le_ re o_ .3 . thgl'edns s-••'' row been finnhed and dredgers having It 1; tt efie-',nie red in the river to the entrance of the lock. IT:•°,l' at te"slrnin Renee ii dock was conducted through ke)"s fl' ''r''t UM,. eier rday, The lock is 400 feet long esete ee'et Wide n Mir's- teenst;ucted of bricks on a con- & the ?,!'clanon with e,4ing stones of concrete. D ur- :-;.'," rei:din''' the docks have been closed, the trade has h.' ' .N. fr: ',ll,tosl throne II Weston Point docks at much sZt'ett, ' loe Ship Ca'rial and considerable incenvent- ijell e 'I •,;"s1 deployed in the shipping trade: Trades- a4'' e• - : e•ssid eren the port for their but iness, have, eld 11.1,: '''''i el of :( sins through the ensing of the do?k, I.2"t°,the' ing will be hailed with great satisfaction eu- -Sled. At the last meeting of Runcorn

Improvement Commissioners Mr. Wiswall, who is an eigineer, predicted that the Ship Canal from Etstham to Acton Grange would be opened by August Or SeVtem- . bee and judging by the progress that is being made with Ithe work in the district the prophecy will be ful- trhe Weston Lock, which—is intended to conduct the traffic of Weston Point Docks, is beings rapidly proceeded i with. This difficult piece of engin- eering s nearly 700 feet long and 65 feet wide. A little higher up the river almost opposite the pumping station there is being comtructed a "lay by "600 feet long and 26 feet deep. This will be provided with all appliances for loading and un'olding large ships and is expected to ben; considerable tsade to the port. At Runcorn Bridge t' e underpinning of that structure is being rapidly fin- ished. Widne3 Lock, 300 feet by 45 feet is complet and ready to receive the traffic from Widnes, when water is admitted to the 'canal. The swing bridge at Old Quay is now in use, and the wooden structure i; being removed. The canal cutting in this neighbour- hood has &so reached the requisite depth.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0074.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,LA

===== 0002601_18930610_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE EDUCATION.

WHAT IT IS AND HOW TO GET IT:

• The fo;lowing memorandum has been issued by the Committee of Council on Education : Crider the Education Act of 1891 the greater numbe- Gf the elementary schools in England and Wales are now free. With regard to districts where all school places are net yet free, the following memorandum explains the rights of parents, and how they may obtain tree educed on for their children. 1. ilielit of all Parents to Free Education.—Every father and Mother in England and Wales il!IS a right Co free education, without payment Or charge of any kind, for his or her Children between the age of three and fifteen. The right ,to free education is not a concession to poverty, but is common to all classes alike. Any parent who ha's not got free education already may write to the Education Department and claim it, either alone or in combination with other parents. 2. Form of Claim for Free Education.—The claim may be made in the blinwing form of words :—" I (or wej desire free educatien for . the child (or children) men- tioned below, and I (or we) represent te the Department that there is at present insufficient free school accommodation in the district for suds child (or children)." 3. What Free Education Meins.—The Free Education 0 which parents have a right must be unconditionel— that is to say, must not be free while the child is in certain standards only, or be given on the ground of poverty, or be subject to any inquiry as to the means of the parent or the reasons the parents has for desiring it, or be free only on condition that the child attends regul-_ arty, er have any other condition attached to it. It must be wholly free, without any charge for books, slates, or anything else ; and it must be At a fichool within a reasonable distance of the child's home. 4. flow Free Education is Provided.—When the .Education Department receive a claim for free educa- tion on behalf of one or more children, they make inquiry IS to what free school places are available for these children, and if the number of free places is insufficient, cause a sufficient number to be provided. In districts where there is a School Board, the School Board is dir- ected to previde them ; in districts where there is no School 'Board, if the free places recmired are not pre; vided by voluntary schools; a School Board is formed, Ind directed to provide them in like manner. . - 6. Children not to Cease Attending School while Waiting for :Free Places:—Parents who have claimed tree education, but have not vet obtained it, must go on ! sendine their childien to school, even if this inv.lves paying fees, until the free places have been provided in the way explsiued above. 8. Charges fer Books and Stationery.—The managers of all schools, whether they are free schools or not, are bound to provide a p :*oper supply of books, slates, and other echool apparatus, and cannot compel a parent to provide books either by periodical payment or by pur- etiase, nor can they refuse admission to a child whose parent refuses to buy them. But if a parent prefers to buy school books outright, so that they may remain the property of the child, there is nothing to prevent his buying them from the managers, or the managers selling them to him, as a purely voluntary arrangement and a matter of mutual convenience.

GHASTLY DISCOVERY IN A CLERGY- MAN'S GARDEN.

On Wednesday afternoon, a startling discovery was made at Douglas, in the garden of the Rev. W. T. Hob- son vicar of St.. Barnabas's. It appears that a woman, name] Ellen Flynn aged 30, domestic servant at the Athol Hotel, was observed about noon to be going to- wards the garden in question with a parcel under her arm. Her movements were watched, and in a few minutes she returned minus the parcel. She had thrown it over a hedge some Bit. high. A person accosted her,atid asked her what the parcel contained. He did not get any satisfactory reply, and information was given to the police, who went into the garden, and found the body of a newly-born child, about a day old, wrapped in &towel and apron, with a newspaper round it. The woman was traced to the Athol Hotel, where she WAS taken into custody and charged with the offenceovhich she admitted at once. It transpired that the child was born about three o'clock on Tuesday morning. The ser- vant had been asking for have, but no suspicion was aroused. The woman was in a weak conditioa, and was sent to the hospital. The affair has created quite a sensation.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
MIL LABOUCHERE AND THE HOUSE

OF LORDS.

Mr. H. Lahouchere, M.P., speaking at Northampton on Wednesday night, explained the purport of his two Bills relating to the House of Lords. BY the first he proposes that no man should be at the head of a Govern- ment department who was not a member of the House of Commons. He would give peers the chance of election to the House of Commons, but deprive them of their title. His other Bill was to provide that in January, 1895, the House of Lords shall cease to exist. 'Though in favour only of bile Chamber, Iv., would consent to two elected Chambers. Be condemned the Unionist policy regarding the Home Rule Bill as purdy obstructive, and said a nu et ing of Itadial mernb-trs, adjourned to Friday contemplated asking Mr. Gladstone th take very driS7ic action. He thought Mr. Gladstone took the Opposition athendments too seriously. He did not realise the iniquities of their opponents, and he threw his pearls belore these swine. He must treat thein with silent contempt if, this Bill was to be carried. Unless this obstruction was put down he was afraid they would 1 )se seats in the country next election.

FAGTOItY'LEGISLATION FOR INDIA.

Considerable progress was made with the Employers' Liability Bill before the Standing Committee on Law on rhursday. Mr. John Burns pointed out that there were ! in this county and in Yorkshire gres.t complaints as CO the difficulty of competing with India in the cotton,jute and textile trades. The law and trade unions had im- posed shorter hours higher wages, Factory Acts, Sanita- tion,and employers'liability. The operatives in India had not the advantage of working under these changed condi- tions; but as India was a dependency of the :British Crown it was thought the bill, so far as the textile trades were concerded, should apply to them. In fact. the masters and the hands in the c)tton trade of this coun- try maintained that the conditions imposed on their in- (leery should be applied to the same industry in India. lie expressed his intention of moving a clause on the subject at the Committee stage. Several amendments were adopted and the scope of the bill extended to Scot- land. The Committee again adjourned.

LORD SALISBURY AND THE LIVER-

===== 0002601_18930610_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
POOL BAPTISTS.

REFUSAL OF A CHAPEL SITE.

It is stated that the deacons of the Scieke field Baptist Mission Chapel (branch of Myrtle-st. Chapel) have been negotiatieg with Lord Salisbury's agent for the pit-- chase of a piece of land in Earle-road. Wavertree, on which they proposed to build is chapel. After a long delay, they have been peremptorily informed that Lord SAlisbury will na dispose of the land for the pur- pose of bltilding a Dissenting place of worsh'p.

LORD R. CHURCHILL AND TOTAL ABSTINENCE.

The statement having been widely circulate.d that Lord Randolph Churchill had recently become a teeto- taller, a corresuolident aski:d whether his lordship's newly acquired convictions' would effect his attitude with regard to the temperance legislation, and induce him to support with voice and vote the preseht Govern- menCs Local Option Rill. The following is the reply, dated June 3, sent by his secretary :-- I am desired by Lord Randolph Churchill to inform you that you are totally misinformed as to the tact of his having bnotne a total abstainer" ,

TIIIIINERS EIGHT HOURS BILL.

Mr. Gladstone on Wednesday afternoon informed Mr. S.Woods, M.P., and M. Pickyrd, M.P., that under the present conditions of-public Luciness it WAS extremely difficult, and indt-ed 'practically imposilhie, for him to accede to the request that the Government should put aside other business ind give up any of the time at its disposal to the pro; osed compulsory enactment of an eight hours working day for miners. Re suggested a Saturday sitting. •

TER POPULAR BEVERAGE tor Breakfast, Luncheon, Tea and Supper in all seasons is CADBURY'S COCOA. —Comforting. Strengthening, nourishing—for old and young, robust and feeble. CADBURY'S COCOA !s absolutely pure.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
N.SUMED IN GREAT BRITAIN IS SOLD BY

KEATING'S P9WDEP,." Kills Fleas, Bugs, ',troths,

t.les.

AV.'S G'S PO WD E ti." Kills Fleas, 13ngs, Moths, Beetles,

R-EATING'S Ifins Fleas.Thigs, lions, Beetle'. -

KEAT I NO'S PO WDER." 'Ms Plena Dugs, Motlas,

===== 0002601_18930610_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
HE EXAMINER, S TTTBDA Y, J

===== 0002601_18930610_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
ULIMANS

ITO STABLE ;S COMPLETE ITITHOUT

===== 0002601_18930610_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
lEMBROCATIO

:pared orlitritcl:,

MAN 601iStC9SlasithEi

E 10. P,'93.

IRISH LINEN IRISH- LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

ELI.IMANS UNIVERSAL 1-..:Mi_FIUXTV,III I 111 ii HEUMA-MV-LuMBAGO. 1 SR____Al L 4 S. _......„„). z 4 --.-----cIS ..,-c ' -1;,4 1-.-,7---- -:,'(11: 0 ~;,,,, I ........._; ( ,---e,„ ...,,,,,.....)..)...-7 ----- ' , _.--- . c,vv `44_,-----',/„c•-•„:--"- 1/ Li 1. i 1 I-7> ----• ,-r,- I: 0.6 z, _„, ":.-------- dnar,Vt-• "nr I I iii,....A.0 ttißt, tilr LO.I.P:,:nr F NES S 2 L Prepar , -...------,,-----4-L-,-; ,--;„7,74T-T-a-77-.=•".r.:-._--.7-,----.-,--:_

===== 0002601_18930610_art0082.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
LIIV4 S

tired,

===== 0002601_18930610_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
A.

...ERYBODY CAN GET IT FROM . .. , A. E. A. SMITH— BOWDON...HOUSEHOLD STORES surrox OAK BLAIR AND Co. Butterrnarket-street (corner of CO., Oxff.rd-Rd. ST. HELENS M. BOHAN- Academy-street); and 41, Win- CROFT ...JAMES UNSWORTH, JON. TILSTON J. wiLLETT. 1 wick-street, WAHRINtiTON. EAHLFSTOWN T. AIOLYNEOX. TArfENIIALL G. MORGAN 31, Mersey-road, WIDNES; AND MIDDLEWICU W. RIMSEY. TRANMERE...M. A. BURGESS & 38, Market-Ft., EABLESTOWN. MARFLE W. BRADBURY. CO., 28, Church-R.l. ACTON BRIDGE ...A. C. mouLToN BOCK FEBRY...W HOPKINSON, WIDNES R. ‘VEBSTE.R BEITESFIELD, Near White:lmre!' 98, 98, Bedßad-Rd. WIGAN II. LITHEItLAND. J. L. HUXLEY.

LivEßrooL ... GENERAL SUITLY ASSOCIATION, 17, COLQUITT-STREET. List of Loe.al Agents now completing, and will be publit4lled liere rtyularly. Applications :41.r the few remaining vacancies to be addressed to the rroprietors of " VENOYA " TEA, 19 anti 20, Camomile-street, Londt,n, Only one Agent, who must be a, leading Grocer, will be appointed for each neighbourhood.

A WONDERFUL MEDIEINB,

BEECHAM'S PILLS

ARE universally admitted to be worth a Guin .a Box for Bilioas and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fullness and Swelling after Meals, Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings ot Heat, Lose of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Scurvy and Blotches OR the Skin, Dis— turbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb— ling Sensations, Ito. The first dose will give relief in twenty minutes. Every sufferer Is earnestly Invited to try one Beth these Pills, and they will be acknowledged to be

===== 0002601_18930610_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
E

N

0

Y

for the 7 for the S

A

T

E

===== 0002601_18930610_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

For females of all ages these Pills are inraluible, as * ew doses of them carry off all humours, and bring about all that is required. No female should be without them. There Is no, medicine to be found equal to Beechans's Pills for removing, any obstruction or Irregularity of the system. If taken ac- cording to the directions given with each box, they will soon restore females of all ages to sound and robust health. This has be,n proved by thousands who have tried them, and found the benefits which are ensured by their use.

Fore Weak Stomach. Impaired DigesVon, and all Disorders of the Liver, they act like magic, and a few doses will be found to work wonders on the most important organs In the human. machine. They strengthen the whole muscular system. restore the long lost complexion, bring back the Leen edge 0 appetite, and arouse into action with the rosebud of health ths, whole physical energy of the human frame. These are FACT& testified continually by members of all classes of society, and one of the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debilitated is BEECHAM'S PILLS have flee Largest &de of alio Paten; Medicine in the World. BEECHAM'S MAGIC COUGH PILLS.

As a remedy tor Coughs In general, Asthma, Bronchi.. Affections, lioarseness, Shortness of Breath, Tightness and Oppression of the Cheet, Wheezing, dm. these Pills stand on rivalled. They are the best ever offered to the public, and will speedily remove that sense of oppression and difficulty of breathing which nightly deprive the patters of rest. Let any person give BEECHAM'S COUGH PILLS a trial, and the most violent Cough will in a short time be removed.

Prepared only, and Sold Wholesale and Retail, by the Pro prletor, Thomas Beecham. St. Helens, Lancashire, in Boxes is. lid. and 2s. 9d. each.

Sold by all Drigglste and Patent Medicine Dealer:, ercry where.

N.D.—Foil directions are given u:th mei, box

• - h the most genuine preparation ever manufactured for Cali Rearing. •

ANALYST'S REPOLI'.

Feb. nth. 1887. Sotflety of Chemical Indnstry (Manchester Section). I have chemically 'and microscopically examined Messrs. Crosby and Sons " Cremoid " Calf Meal. I find it to contain clbumininous aubsttuces which are necessary to built' up the tissues of the animal system. The Meal also contains a considerable amount of oil, with carb:s-hydrates, which tend to the production of fat. Nearly one-h .11 of the ash is made up of phosphate of lime (this, I need not say, is one of the chief constituents of bones.) From the examina- tion of this Meal, I consider It an admirable food for the flttening of calves. as the Meal contains all the elements for the building up of the flesh and boaes of the animal body. (Signed.) J, CARTER BELL, A.R.S.M., F.I.C. County Analyst.

PRICE 18S. PER CWT. 0-CX LOTS, 16S. 6D. Carriage paid to any Station.

CROSBY AND SONS,

CORN MILL. RUNCORN.

Per all Societies. Send fur free ilin.trated Catalogue. BX"

GEO. TUT ILL, 113. C ty - road , Loulm

MINUFACTURERS OP

E/2 TRADE ze; CID N 0 i\(,E A"'"-----".1-t'sf g I " cREr low " w '7‘:•••• • 4-4=.; S E MARK.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
DECORATIVE AND AUT FURNITURE.

0.•

, . ::,',,,7,--,-,-.; .., - -.., • ' -:' .'": ' . .-. _.-- - . ~.1 iLL.'...—. ." ..-,.. --- '-.1.----1. A: .'4.-: 0 - -t., •1 . q ~., 16.—IPSDRABOIIMIela RizisiNtL 00 CABIN E.T MAKji S :tOPHOLSTERERS . I - c-,',', ,0 ! 111, diffiNgliVlSitlijiq :NW ' . '4 - -' ' -Nkill '-'s ' '' ' ' ....y.,— • 4 4..!,,!: f ' ..-,,,. ~.,.... -., +," ' - •,-,r, ' .97.7..- Eal -,34, - , r_---1,,24--- .• ' ,- • BY PATENT MACHINERY.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
tt.7- -

Kpi ITS siockinvs, Clothing in Wool Stlic, or Cotton.

Likts NI. pet Post. TnIITMPIIANT,A WARD at _ PARIS. The only WINNER in the WORLD of bOOLI Medal. Also Dlkkers of the MIN .11111eastitocklug Briuleb Oaks, 77, OXVORD 81%. LONDOII..=TIIII HAII‘II.OII Kwirrtwa Baca's& Co. Works, 48, LlerEß BROOK SL, MANCIIESIEB..

ASTHMA AND BRONCHITIS CURED.

THOUSANDS TESTIFY.

Thi RIGITT BON, TIM EARL OF SHANNON writes : —" Your remedy instantly relieves and enros Asthma and Bronellitts. I have. recommended It Co iieo.rde in ngland as well as over here."

...IWTM M.D., Middleton, writes :—" I have had repeated opportunities of seeing the action of Mr. Vaughan's, preparation ter Asthma and Bronchitis. I can tear testimony to iis great value as a curative agent. I would strongly re- commend it to any person suffering from Asthmatic affeo- tlons.—M. LAWN, M.D." For particulars write— D.VuciA. LANGFORD TERRACE. CORK. I REL AN D.

WOODS' PATENT GALVANISED STEEL WE MATTRESSES;

With Frcacl, and Fcrsian Lied steads complete. • To be seen carrying ONE TON. We Challenge other Wire Matteis (*stand this Test Ii But is it ever re- quired of a Mattress aat it should carry onc toOt Certainly , not. Hitherto the • complaints gainst the use of Wire I 1i Idattresses has been that they stretched after a time, which was - true. We give this severe test to prove that ours will not stretch. It they do within 5 years we will replace with new ones. To be had from T!iOMA9 SUTTON. Sale Rooms, Legh Street. 1 ilk i•ONOFORD WIRE Co. Limited WARRINGTON.

Ic. 1335--J

pr 4.— 1217+112 gm& at. 6 E AND TO PROVE IT • • uil! LIVE A LCJ II I.E or my Remedy for Nothing, so 2. that Sufferers may have an opportunity of testiug the truth of what 1 karle•%.ly state." Because others have failed to .-Aite run rm rea:Mn why you should coutinut to suffer. Scud at once tnyTIFAI Ir:stanl a FIME P.O rr LE of mediciue. IT WILL CURE! Adcirtss: 1; im,ts you no;h:ng for a aud - tt.' 4jeatirtt (Mi./aria. Etiso.ou'Roaci. LONDON, NW

T ImIT YOUR FAMILY by a new inyrntion. four stomps 1.1 tan' enniple.—d. Axinticw, 54, Perth-r&, London, N.

A RISTOTLE'S WORKS, with plates 3,2 pages, 30 stamps.' "Paris hy night, or Gay Life in Paris" ; illustrated 30 stamva.—Kobt free l BOWYER, 27, Renshaw-st., Liverpool

TiILECITANGE for Stamped Envelope for particulars. Mar- .l.ll ried Lady has a Inoit valuable harmless recipe for ladies.—Mrs. BAYLEY, il:Jad- at., Nottingham.

TOWLE'S I'ENNYROTAL & STEEL PILLS for Fem.iles, quickly corruct all Irregularities. re:alov'3 obstructions. and relieve the distressing symptoms so preys, lent with the sex. Baxes Is. 10. nod 2s. gd. of all ejlemists sent mnywh.:Te on receipt or 15 or 34 stamps by the maker, N. 7. TOWLX, Chemist, Nottingham.

(INE BOX OF CLAUKES' B 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all di c'targes from tits Urinary Organs, !neither sex (acquired or constitutiOnal), Gravel. and Pains Juno track. Guarmteld tree from Mercury. Sold in Boxes, 43. 6d. melt, by all Clnadets and Patent Medicine Vendors, thrortAtt ut the World; or sent to any adareas for sixty stamps by the Makers, The Lis°, Lv AND MIDLAND COUNTIIii DRUG IPOSIPANY, Lincoln. iyiolesale Agents; BARCLAY & BONS,. Londzi., and all the Wholecale Rouses.

=

,t;

nit. Taw-

SW:FT COLD MEDAL :[Vi HARRISON it-lITTE

'lrma vrrrrr !--- ---,• -1•••••,,,,e L • ' _ 'z. - r . • • ',11;i? -,v-r 'y...,.• ,--- ; .• 414-00 i." ,i

===== 0002601_18930610_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
I\r. OTICE.

It you require R REALLY Goon QUALITY SPONGE tor the Summer, look lu at SANKEY-STREET PHARMACY where a special line In BEST HONEY-COMB SPONGES is being shown. from 6d. to 18s. NOTE THE NAME AND ADDRESS : HENRY . ASHTON. 63, Sankey•st., (Opposite Legh-st.,) Warrington.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
lettrro to tin Obttor.

• WARRINGTON SOCIAL QUESTIONS UNION. Sir,—The attention of this Union has been called, in one of its Committees, to a practice that is said to pre- vail in public-houses in this town, which, if it really is in existence, needs to b! put down speedily, and with a resolute hand. We are informed that it is a custom with many pub- licans to encourage the fetching of drink by children for nonsumption try others, by giving the children "sweets." Also, that with some publicans it is a further custom to , increase this encouragement by the offer of an additional I bribe, that if so many pints or quarts are fetched by one child, a threepenny piece is dropped into the last mea- sure carried out, presumably as a reward for the child, but which may more correctly be presumed is a tip for the drinker. It is said that the landlady of one house has expressed a hope that the former practice is not illegal, in isnauch as she has recently laid in a considerable stock sweets. It is our strong opinion, which we doubt not will be shared by many of your readers, that this practice, if it exist, should be put an end to. And we venture thus, with your kind permission, to call public attention to it. May I also add a very earnest appeal to parents net to send their children to fetch liquor from public-houses ? Surely it will occur to them that the sights and sounds which are characteristic of the public-house cannot be desirable for the children to be farniliariud with. If therefore the use of alcoholic drinks is deemed neces- sary, may I suggest that the parents themselves person- ally procure them ? They will thus save the children from growing up in touch with the public-house, and may help to prevent unhappy consequences to the chil- dren both now in their childhood, and afterwards in their mature years.—l am, yours faithfully, JOUN YONGE, President of the above Union. 19, Wilson Patten-st., June 6, 1893.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
GAMBLING ON ADULT AND CHILDREN'S LIVES.

Sir,—As there is no one to accept my challenge to dis- cuss this question of gambling, I am debarred from bringing to view, those inconsistencies which I am sure are practised to an enormous extent, and Ido not pro- pose to occupy your valuable space week after week. I would like to have given your readers some of the information I possess, gained from practical experience el over four years' service as canvasser, agent,assista.nt, superintendent, and district superintendent. The glar- ing evils that exist take sway much of the philanthro- pic element, and the cultivation of debit, bonuses,divi- dends, &c., takes a leading part in the business, so mat- ter how the object is attained. . . . . . . .

One great objection is the unfair and unlawful insur- ing millions of persons without signatures, whereby the husband can be entered without his consent in almost every office. Every relative, however distant, is thrust in these contracts without consent. Children are made objects of insurance by simply getting the parents' con- sent, or wi ;Mut their consent when no signatures are required. The books of re,;istrars will show vast num- bers of second and third certificates, where children have been entered on one, two, and even the third policy. What says a celebrated authority on these questions : —" We do net believe that people generally kill their ckildren, or allow them to die tor insurance money, but there is not the least doubt that the delicate in many instances are entered for the highest sums possible ; amounts that can never be met out of premiums paid in the infantile department. lhe poor little creatures should never have been entered at all,misch less for such ' heavy sums. We suffer much loss through the reckless scramble for this kind of business. The numerous very early claims that have been and are still being made (under policies of less than one year's duration) is really amazing. Thistwe consider, goes to prove that there is a widespread disposition to gamble and speculate on ha- man life."

I cannot quote a higher authority, nor yet can stronger words be expressed. There is no one who dares to meet them. But I must mention a fact not generally known, namely, that agents and superintendents have been, and are so eager for business that they actually eontract for, and make the bargain before the child is born, and should the child die before three months, the agents and superintendents alike will make up a grant of ss. to 10s. out of their wages, providing the office does not do it for them. I have seen too much of this sort of thing done. If cases could be given to illustrate some of the practices I have seen enacted, your readers would blush.—Yours faithfully.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN MOORP lELD. 44, rarker-st., Warrington, June 8, 1893. OUTDOOR VERSUS INDOOR RELIEF.

Sir,—lt may appear odd, that ene who is not a rate- payer in tho IVarrington Union should write to you on such a subject as the administration of the poor law in that district, but as I am myself a Guardian in one of the poorest unions in London, I always take any eppor- tuni'y that occurs of visiting the workhouses in the different parts of the country to pick up any improve-, ments that can be carried out with advantage. Under tiese circumstances, one gets, naturally, into the habit of comparing the work of other Boards with that of the one with which one is connected,and it is with the hope that I may stir up the ratepayers in the Warrington Union to take more care of their own interests and their own pockets, that I venture to send you this letter. The population of the union with which I am con- nected, is rather over 120,000, and that of Warrington I s I believe, about 60,000; at any rate, it may be taken to be about one half. In addition to this, the difference between the two unions in respect of wealth, is very great. In my own union, almost the entire population belongs to the working-class ; there are a few small shop- keepers, and a good many large furniture warehouses, a few saw mills, and two or three large factories. The houses in almost all the streets are let off as lodgings,two or three families living in one house, the rent of a bare room varying between 2.6 d. an 4 3s. 6d. a week. Sow, contrast this with the state of the Warrington Union. Here there are plenty of large works, where employment can be obtained; if you walk through the streets they always give the appearance of plenty of busi- ness going on ; the shops are large and look well-to-do, and certainly do not give the impression that it is a struggle for their owners to keep their heads above water ; but besides all this, the union contains many families who may be classed as rich, of which not a single specimen exists in the union with which I have to do.

Now, supposing for a moment, that the administration of out-door relief is the same in both Unions—and it should be remembered that all unions are in this respect subject to the same regulations—and taking into consid- eration the enormous difference in the populatim and also the difference in its character, it would naturally occur to most people, that the amount of out-door relief given in Warrington, would be somewhere about ens third of that given in the London Union. Let us turn to actual facts. During the week ending May 27th, 1893, the amount of out-door relict given in the London Union was £33 6s. 4d., while during the same week in Warrington, the amount given was £64 is. 111, or nearly double; the comparison between the two unions would appear to show that the amount which was necessary would be abcut £l2 It woul,i, therefore, seem that the Guardians of tha Watrington UlliQn are givoni In out-door relief, about fivo times as much as is required. Now such a startling difference as this, can only arise in one way, and that is that the Guardians of the War- rington Union pursue a different policy from that of the London Union, and the question arises which of these two policies is the beat. „ .

On this point, I would first quote the opinion of the Poor Law Commissioners, and then give a few instances of what has occurred in actual practice. In their report of 18,59 the Commissioners stated as follows :—(1) Destitution, as distinguished from poverty, alone consti- tutes a claim to Poor Law Relief. (2) The fundamental principle with respect to legal relief is, that the condition of the pauper ought to be, on the whole, less eligible than that of the independent labourer. (3) That, as a matter of practice, except in cases of urgent necessity, all distribution of relief, in money or in goods, to be spent or consumed by the pauper in his own horse, is inconsistent with the principle in question. (4) The only sure method of ascertaining whether an applicant is destitute, is to offer, in lieu of his present condition. an adequate but less eligible maintenance, which will not he accepted unless necessity requires it. This can be affected by the offer of the workhouse and by that only. Now I am quite aware that it is the habit of many Boards of Guardians to say tint this rule is too hard, and that applicants for relief ought not to be forced to go into the workhouse, but in practice I have found that a steady and consistent offer of the house to those ap- plicants for out-door relief, who can reasonably be supposed to be capable of earning something, does not force them in, but on the contrary forces upon them the necessity of maintaining themselves, instead of living at the expense of the ratepayers. The difficulty of carry- ing out this principle, is always greatest in those Unions where out-door relief has been given largely. The ap- plicant will say that some of his relatives, or his friends who are the same position as himself are in receipt of ut-door relief, and he will fight the Board to the last gasp sooner than give in and set to work, and these cases naturally require steady and consistent treatment. Boards of Guardians seem to forget that in spending other people's money they owe quite as much considera- tion to the poorer ratepayers, who are struggling to keep up a position of independence and who are liable to be driven over the line and become paupers if the rates they have to pay are unnecessarily high, as they owe to the man who comes to them for assistance.

Another point that is frequently lost sight of, if in- deed it is ever considered at all, is that to give ou.-door

relief largely is simply to increase the number of paurers. The children of tlicee wile are in receipt of reliet are simply bred up to expect it, and under the smallest strain will fall back upon the relieving officer, never having been taught to lay up something for a rainy day, whereas the right feeling to encourage should be that the applicant should recognize that it is a degrad- ing thing for him to be dependent on his neighbours and that he must make every endeavour by the exercise of thrift to prevent himself from falling into such a neees- city. I feel quite convinced that, if the recommenda- tions of the Poor Law Commissioners were honestly carried out, the ratepayers of Warrington would find that a considerable burden was taken off their shoulders; and, in addition to this, I maintain that it is their duty to elect as Guardians only those who by following such a policy would prevent that increase of , pauperism which is bound to occur where out-door relief is largely given, and which was nearly the ruin of the country previous to the Poor Law Reform of 1834. Let me now produce the testimony of two Unions, ' which have followed this policy, one a Metropolitan ' Union with which I was slightly connected some years , ago, the other an agricultural Union. A former reliev- ing officer of the Stepney Union gives his objections to 1 cutdoor relief as follows :-1. It discourages in them, the habits of thrift, sobriety, and frugality. 2. It destroys feelings of independence. 3. It blunts their natural energies. 4. It destroys sound v:ews of the duty of children to their parents ; and worse than that it destroys filial duty itself. 5. It encourages hypo- crisy and deceit. To this list, I would venture to add one more, viz., that it lowers the rate of waees, for it is evident that a man who is in receipt of 2s. 61. a week from the parish can afford to sell his labour cheaper,than a man who is receiving nothing, and the independent labourer is thus taxed to support the man who is taking the bread out of his mouth.

The Stepney Union have therefore practically abol- ished out-door relief with the following results as shown in the annexed table.

Half Year ending Half Yearly cost of Half yearly cost of Lady Day indoor-maintenance out-door relief R £ 1869 le7o 1871 1875 1879 1883 1886 1887

These include the cost of maintenance in Metropolitan Asylums, Board Hospitals (about £850) which thereto- fore had not been included.

These figures speak volumes, the ratepayers of the union have been practically saved £ll,OOO a year, and the cost of the maintenance of the indoor poor has also fallen, while the population of the district shows ne signs of falling off. Now consider the figures of a county Union. These figeres are taken from Bradfield. Population in 1871, 15,853 ; in 1881, 17,972. Years. In main- Out main- tenance texance. e £ d. 1871 1873 1875 1877 1879 1881 1883 1885 1887 65. 1888 In addition to this, between 1871 and 1888, subscrip- tions to medical clubs and Friendly Societies increased about 150 per cent. Now, I should like to know if anything can be con- sidered more satisfactory than this. Any Union can carry it out if only the Guardians will use their powers rightly, and there is no r,:asen why the ratepayers of Warrington should have to pay £3,300 a year, the greater part of which goes to enable the idle and im- provident to live at the expense of their industrious neighbours.—l am, yours faithfully, A LONDON GUARDIAN.

Rate in R

===== 0002601_18930610_art0092.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18930610_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
WALKING DA.Y AT WARRINGTON. RUMOURED POSTPONEMENT.

It is generally iumoured about the town that an attempt is going to be made to postpone Walking Day from the 30th June to the 6th of July, the date of the Royal Wedding. It is also understood that the question will be brought up at the public town's meeting, to be held on Monday night for the purpose of deciding whether the Ot h of July shall be observed as a general holiday in Warrington. As almost all the schools have already made their ar- rangements for the 30th of June, the suggested ' postponement—if any attempt be made to give it practical effect—is likely to meet with considerable opposition. It is understood that several of the Nonconformist schools have decided not to consent to any alteration in the date, and one school has already had a meeting of teachers aod passed a resolution, to be forwarded to the Mayor, zondemn- ing any suggested postponement. We have received the following letter on the subject:—

Sir,—lf I appear to be somewhat premature in my writing to you, I trust you will excuse me and put it down to my over anxiety on the subject in question. There is a rumour very prevalent in town to the effect that an attempt is going to be made to alter the date of Walking Day from the already appointed time, to Thurs- day, July 6th, the date of the Royal Wedding. As a superintendent of a Sunday school, I wish to make a strong protest against any such change as I believe it would not be received with any degree of favour by the parties for whom Walking Day is instituted. Already arrangements are made by most schools, certainly by ours, and if a date were chosen other than the one we have arranged for, our loss would be such that we should have to abandon our usual programme. Many schools and institutions, have made such arrangements with the railway companies that cannot be altered, and they roust carry them out or lose the guarantees they have made.

If any attempt i 3 nrsie to form a " big "procession then with more earnestness I protest. I never had a harder day of pleasure than Walking Day, 1887, and as a scholars' treat it was a farce. I venture to say there are many Sunday School teachers in Warrington, who if nothing else serves to remind them of our noble Queen's Jubilee year, will remember it by the miserable two hours spent in the park waiting for the procession to be put into shape, or by the miserable parade of tired children passing round the town and then the remainder of the day spent in any fashion but an enjoyable one, owing to everyone being bad tempered because of the morning's unsatisfactory proceedings. It may be very nice for the town's officials to figure prominently, but it is not their day, it is the children's day, and why should it be humbugged to such a degree ? Doubtless many reasons sould be adduced not to change, but these are mine. I sincerely hspe I may be premature, and that no step will be taken to alter this festival.— Yours truly, S. F.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
--4-- LYMM.

INTERESTING FIRE BRIGADE PRACTICE,—The Lymin Fire Brigade under the superintendence of Capt. Rouse, had a practice with a new engine from the Fire Appli- ances Manufacturing Company, London and Northamp- ton, on Saturday. The engine was on its way to the Firth County Council, and Captain ,use obtained per- mission to try the engine while passing through War- ring!on, The ergine Wl5 tlken to laTairri from tVarrios:- tOIICAn Saturday,and the Are Brigade had a pfaciice with it at the Dam. A 10) pound pnaure was got up in 11 minutes, and a single jet rau out which sent thin water to the height of 160 ft. A dual and the triple jets were fixed, and the water seemed to reach quite as lugh as the single jet. It is thought that the Local Board are medi- tating the purchase of a new engine.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL BOARD.

I meeting of the Lymm Local Board was held on Tues- day evening,"when there were present—Mr. James Greg- son (chairman), and Messrs. H. Harrison, J. Holt, R. Whitelegg, E. Holt, and J.Ferris ; Mr. J.T.Ridgway (law clerk), Mr. J. Mort (surveyor), Mr. W. Severs (gas manager), and Mr. H. Rouse (fire brigade captain.) A letter was read from the Parish Church curate, the Rev. J. T. Collies, thanking the Board for the use of the Bridgewater room for his Bible class during the past winter and asking for a continuance of the use of the room for the class. The application was granted.—lt, was stated that there was only one case now at the Newfield Hospital, and the patient, who was convales- cent, would probably be able to leave the hospital at the end ot the week.—Mr. James Holt proposed, and it was seconded and carried, that when the present patient was discharged, the nurse be dismissed, and the hospital thoroughly cleaned nut.—Mr. Rouse, captain of the fire brigade, reported that certain persons who rang the fire bell on the occasion of the recent fires in the village had applied to him for remuneration, but he had been unable to pay them as no resolution had been passed by the Board authorizing him to do so.—Mr. Harrison said that he was of opinion that such a resolution had been passed by the Board at one time.—Mr. Ridgway stated that he could not remember any such resolution, but it was tug rule in other places to renutnerate those who rang the fire bell on the outbreak of a fire. The matter was referred to a committee.—A letter was read from the County Council granting £267 Os. 10d. for the main- tenance and £45 83. 7d. for the improvement of the main roads.—ln his report the Gas Manager, Mr. Severs, stated that the protuction of gas during the past month had been 675, bOO cubic feet, against 612,000 cubic feet for the corresponding month of last year, which was an increase of 63,000 cubic feet. This was all the business of public interest.

EnlGßATlOlC.—lntendlng emigrants to New York, lios7iin Philadelphia, San Franowio, Omar's, China, Japan, A, s tralia, or New Zisland, should tal«, tt ,kets (owes' rates) rt the " Nsaminer " Orfice, 1w Guton, American. n Oriental, andj,,ther Sues.—John Walker, agent ,"Ex miner " OM" Bewsevart., Warrinctnn._4,..t.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, RATLITMA.V, J ..18q t _ --- NOTPS ON GAMES AND iUNDER THE LOMBARD'S SIGN.i An-ILEUM FACTS ABOUT LOCAL • FAWNBROKING.

CRICICRT.

It will not do for Mr. R. Smith to absent himself often from the ranks of the Warrington first eleven, else they will soon have a record of " lost games." He was not with them in the match against Wigan on Saturday, and our home eleven were beaten by 96 runs to 69. Per- haps some logician will say it does not matter, as both teams got a total with a 9 and a 6, only Warrington put their 6 before the 9. However,there is little doubt that had Smith been present and made anything like an average performance, the tables would have been turned. I allude in this somewhat eulogistic manner to Mr. Smith's value to the club chiefly 'oecause the club,taking it right thiough, is deficient in good batters. Clarke for instance made the highest score of 21,and that score is unusual for the general rank and file of the club. In bowling and fielding the eleven is certainly adept—but this will not serve ; there must be some one who can "pile the figures on."

The bowling was all done by Sugg and J. J. Crosfield. They each took five wickets, the latter for 27 runs and the former for 39 runs. S. M. Crosfield was rather " off colour," BO to say, and in his five oven was unable to take a wicket. Well, even the best of bowlers stumble across periods when the deftness of his throw takes a temporary respite. By the way, I wonder did Mr. Sing see a portrait—a black smudged square—labelled Sugg, the professional," which appeared in a contem- porary on Saturday. If he did see it, did he recognise himself I wonder?

At home here, despite the plentiful presence of " Old Man Pluvius "grog, which fell " in soft, gentle drops of sweet refreshing rain," the 2nd eleven managed to get the crow of Wigan 2nd. But it was not a tight battle. Warrington came out with a total of 88 for seven wickets while their opponents landed 85 for the full team. Jefferson and Bibby were again the "monster " scorers for Warrington ; indeed they were also the bowlers, and hence are making themselves two indis- pensable players. Conjointly they scored 50 runs.

The Sankey Wesleyans experienced their first reverse of the season on Saturday, Brick-street and Friars Green doing the trick. This team with the formidable name, is no doubt a good team, but it was indifferent fielding that lost the Wesleyans the game. This is well borne out by the number of extras, no less than 19 being scored against them. From " hits " the Wesleyans are actually in a majority of one. Low scoring was the order of the day the highest score in both teams being nine, from W. Barton's bat. Sudlow and Burton, eight each, closely followed by Bailey seven were the pick of the Wesleyans. Critchley was responsible for six of the Wesleyan wickets, and Watkins (4), Bailey (3), helped in the dismissal of the Brick-street, etc.

While the first Wesleyans were hastening to their downfall, the second string were playing " ducks and drakes " with Brick-street second. Just look at the record! Wesleyans 2nd, 76 for five wickets; Brick-street all out 16. J. Booth ran up a scare of 60 and was not out along with F. Light 12, when the innings were declared closed. The Brick-street team had a complete collapse, and the fowl known as ducks were very com- mon. Seven of tho batsmen actually managed to make no runs between them ! Az. might be expected the Wesleyan bowlers had an excellent analysis. Booth was not satisfied with scoring "half a century " not out, but actually took seven wickets for seven runs, J. Roderick also taking two wickets for six runs. The second team believe in making surprises, as in the last match they played, there was a complete contrast to the present one.

I offer my compliments to the Bank-street Mission ! They are going to set about business now, I can see. I was told last week that one of my observations made recently had touched them in tender places for "it was not exawrkly what oi said as the nawsty why oi said it." So one of them said; and they there and then vowed to achieve fame and honourasile distinction. Very glad to hear it. And they started on Saturday by un- mercifully beating Widnes's Red Nose—l mean Rose—by 23 runs for three wickets to nine for 11 wickets. That was good.

Dear me ! What next ! Here's the Trinity Cricket : Club been shamefully abusing that collective " apple of my eye," the Workingmen's Mission team. The delicate little team of cricketing genius of which 1 so often speak in rapturous terms. 1 don't know what they did to them exactly, maybe they refused to supply refresh- ments. At any rate the Mission team scored 22 for 11 wickets and when the other team had playfully rim up 16 for three wickets, the Mission players are described as having left under protest. How sad !

MOOR]; WALKING DAT. The Wesleyans of Voore held their annual Walk- ing Day on Thursday. The scholars, about 130 in number. met at the Wesleyan Chapel, at two o'c'ock, and marched in procession through the vil- lage, headed by the Warrington Blue Coat School Band, and accompanied by the Superintendents, Roylance, Leech, and Banat, and t!acher- of the Sunday School. They called and sang at the following houses :—Miss Rowlands,Mr. sloane,Miss Dutton,Mis. Jones of the" Elms," and Mrs. Massey, Acton Grange,after which they adjlurned to a field kindly lent for the occasion by Mr. Roylance. Games and races for prizes were indulged in until about halt-past eight p.m., wnen the party broke up.

BT LUKE BLUNT.

There are two institutions to which turn the thoughts of English people, urgently in want of cash. Those institutions are: the pawnbroker's shop and the loan office. The former is the oldest institution and receives the most patronage. Since the daya of Adam, I have been told, borrowing has been one of the ever increasing accomplishments of mankind. But it was left to the Jews of Lom- bardy, in the early centuries, to formulate a proles- sion of money lending—or pawnbroking. Borrow- ing had grown considerably with the arrival of the Normans in this country; then, every body borrowed from everybody else, till at last there was no one that had a groat to lend, and there was a danger of borrowing becoming an obsolete art until the born- I bardian Jews arrived with their money bags, in ILondon, and prevented this imminent chance of a sad and depressing national calamity. The nobles used to patronize them most; but the money was always borrowed upon a promissory note. This state of thing t did not exist long; the Lombards received too much encouragement to be content to lie around like sleepy clams. It was nothing for a young spark of a noble to borrow a few hundreds and give as many promissory notes; and it was commoner still for him to add so:iiability to the bargain. Ile wuuld sometimes take a few of his companions and hunt about a trite for a grey- bearded LombarA who had lent him money; and when they found him they would fun round with him considerably, and tickle his venerable old sides in a playful way, with a little dirk. The results were the same, every time; no claim was made by She Lombard any more, for a return of the loan. Owing to some hundreds of these nobles once deny- ing their promissory notes--evidently out of fun— the Lombards got suspicious and wouldn't lend a groat without security of a substantial kind such as jewellory, and things. At the same time they all assumed the sign of the three balls over their shops.

It was this sign that I first began to investigate when I opened an inquiry into the workings of local pawnshops, the other week. I asked many learned persons, including some managers, what the sign signified. The answers were diverse and some of them irrelevant, but all amounted to this: " I don't know." Fired si ith an ambition to solve the problem I went to the Library and plunged into the pages of " Notes and Queries." I found several explanations, all in keeping with the complacent, simple, asinine lying of the period, from which are handed down a few score of our interesting little fables. And they all had touching stories of ideal heroism. One stales—in volume nine I think—that the three bulls are emblematic of Faith, Hope, and Charity, and taken from the beautiful story of how Christ, passing the house of a poor destitute man, threw through tli?. window tbree gold pieces. Then another definition, written in the solemn,, sed ucti ve language of three centuries ago, stated in a most plausible way that once Sr. Nicholas knew in the city of Pantlwra, a poor, blind, decrepit old man, who had three beautiful daughters. starvation was running them close, and resource to a degraded life was the only loophole the girls had from a cruel death from want. So the venerable saint hearing of this was stirred to pity and decided to help them. But see how lie does it ! Instead of going in a staid straightforward way as any man, especially a saint, should on such an errand, the fable describes how St. Nicholas stole up to the house one moonlight night, and having climbed up the flower boxes on to the window sill, flu'ng three bags of gold amongst the sleeping beauties. It was ! to commemorate this that the Lombard pawnbroker !selected the merciful sign, so says the second defin- ition. There are several more ; all equally pretty, and inconsistent. I left, with the small tenacious hope I had long fostered, of proving the veracity of my forefathers, mutilated, and tangled, and broken.

Early on the following Monday morning I re- paired to a well known pawn shop in town. Now, there is a considerable amount of humbug and ignorance circulating in the minds of the general public respecting the transactions of pawnbrokers and the character of tkeir clients. In the ordinary and respectable ratepayer there has generally ap- peared to me to be a great repulsion to the pawn- shop—a repulsion in its way which is equivalent to that which is more justly entertained with regard to the Workhouse. To that highly respectable fled- fearing ratepayer there presents itself in connec- tion with any transaction with the popular " uncle," an odium and disgrace, shameful and un- pardonable. He can only conceive of one class of people having dealings at the "pledge hous.c ;" and they are the people who, having reduced their sub- stance by evil habits, at length put the coping stone upon their social debasement and pauperisation, by realizing upon their personal property, to have a last " fling ' in at the evil indulgence which has ; spelled their deqruction. He also squanders a con- ; siderable amount of compassion on the " poor lost sheep."

There is a fixed community of something like 2,000 persons in Warrington who weekly accept loans under the Lombard's sign. This, of course, is taking into account the business done at each pawn shop. It is not a system of promiscuous pawning that goes on ; the people are not all pledging with the intention of raising a drink. 011, dear no! They are working along in a system of household financial policy which certainly is not at all bril- liant or thrifty. It is about as good as the late Government's foreign policy. Most of those two thousand persons 1 have named, are to be met regularly on a Monday morning taking the pledge'— not the pledge—but the article for pa Irn, and regu- larly they can be met on the Saturday bringing the said article home again. And week after week you will see the same person with the same article ; a woman will take her husband's trousers from the week they are new, till they have been worn out by wearing and conveyance to the pawn shop. Then new pair is purchased, and the same thing goes on again—goes on again maybe until her husband dies; then all the recalling goes in of a heap, probably with the true and genuine remark to the manager " Begorra! lle'e did! He is gawn—and there's no- body will kape these dark reminders of his happy toile better than yourself." So goods of that charac- ter are otter, left for years—till the "old gun's been elected," as the son puts it, when he comes to pre- pare for her funeral. But the pledging is really more an inveterate habit with the majority of those 2,000 Warrington people, than a necessity. It is almost solely done by the women, and horn ex- , perienced managers I can gather that th6re are two reasons chiefly for the regular weekly appearance of th• a p 3ople. The first reason is that the habit ,1 has been handed down as a family legacy. Since ! they culd rememberenany 3f tire women are ex are that all their reepectehle relatives, including their parents, never missed taktne lather's pants to the " storehouse " on a Monday—and before he in - gutted about them on a Sunday, haying them out ! again. Why t heir relatives did it they do not know —they are simply content, to pin their faith to the custom. Others start the habit upon their own responsibility. Perhaps a labouring man in the re- ceipt of a El a week can! just sctape through the expenses for a week's keep with that sum. One day he will have:a misfortune—probably bury a child, or lose two or three days' work, or, maybe , buy a rabbit dog cheap ; do something any way, which will involve an expenditure of some shill- ings beyond hie income. So he says to his wife, that she might put things straight with his Sunday • clothes—or her own as the case maybe, for per- Imps there flint more than one of them with best ' clothes. Well, new.evnat is the result? It is an impossibility for them to reclaim those clothes for ever more and be straight financially out of next week's SI. They know this, and can only see one thing for it----get them out on a Saturday and put them in nemin on the Monday. The idea of saving a few pence each week does not seem to strike them. So they get out of the debt in a way which becomes perfectly clear and clever to them. They start pro- bably on a new jacket Fuld get Si. lent ; it decreases in value, and only 6e. is lent, and gradually it de- creases to a is. loan, and decreases till it isn't good any more and no loan can he obtained. So you see ! the 84.balanceon the wrong side has gradually been diminished by such a simple thing as the deteriora- tion of the value of the article. This eatifies them and they keep it U.

The rate of interest charged is it halfpenny tier month on every two shilling, or part of two shill- In addition to this a ticket ia made ouZ: for each p!e.lge. and this costs a halfpenny. If the left on the hands of the pawnbroker for p2ci ntis without being redeemed, he can sell it by auction. Now here cornea an important point in the pawnbroking huAne.ss. When the pledges are being taken in on a Monday, the manager who ' values the bundles has no time to enter into any calculations about the value of the :article before

him. Experience has to serve him. One moment's examination has to suffice and he says what he will lend on the article. Of course the pledger has already asked for a price—probably one which covers the full value of tha article, lithe manager makes a slip and gives that price he is generally going to lose 50 per cent, upon that deal. It is this way. There is scarcely.a regular pledger who does not look with religious fervour upon any pro- ject for doing a tharp trick upon the manager. Consequently.thev are always testing him. If he take tile article upon which is asked a loan cover- ing its total value, he is "spooled," The article will never be redeemed ; he will lose the accumu- lated twelve month's interest. 3 here is always a sale counter at a pawnshop where these unredeemed articles are offered for sale ; but in a case like the one I have mentioned ",he price originally asked will be too much to procure a purchaser. So the article drifts away amongst the surplus stock, and in time comes under the auctioneer's hammer. Per- haps four shillings was lent on it; when the auctioneer Las finished with it the pawnbroker gets about one shilling. So he has to be caretul and as a place with a good business in Warrington. takes in as natty as a thousand bundles on a Mon- day,thiare are not many hours allowed the manager for valuing purposes.

--- Some people think that only poor people deal with the pawnbroker, even in Warrington. This is not so. Many of the middle class, and even the better class have, so I find, a venerable regard for "my uncle." But they do not go to his shop with bundles. Oh, dear no ! This is how it is done. Suppose I over drew my banking account—i.e.. if I had one—l should drop a note down to the manager of a pawnbroking establishment and ask for some- one to come up to receive a pledge. The manager would arrive in due time all prim and respectable, with a black bag containing money and pledge books. This transaction is simply a business one; I merely want to get straight with my banking account. I always tell him This several times. He will value the pictures or jewellery I offer and if the loan is over £lO we make special terms of inter- est. Then he enters the loan ; but where? Not in the ordinary boo:: required for ordinary pledges by Act Parliament; not in the book where it can be seen by the assistants ; not in any book that goes into the hands of anyone but that trustworthy manager. You get the money ; the next day a respectable youth comes and takes the articlos "into custody "; you send for the manager again when you want to redeem and not even your next door neighbour gets an idea of the transaction. So you can go on in comfort- shuddering always when the pawnshop is men- tioned—no one will find you out. But there are many strange happenings in these loan shops and so I propose next week to give an account of a day's sojourn in a local pawnshop.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLS.

The bowling green at the Liberal Club has been put into capital condition and for some time borne matches have been going on. For next Saturday but one how- ever, a match has been arranged with the Winnington Liberal Club bowling team.

In the Warrington and District League I notice the Bulls Head Club are keeping pretty well to the front. They are the only team who have won two matches. They have only played two; the Red Lion haite played three and won one, the Cemetery and Bank Quay have played two each and won none, and the Horse and Jockey have played one and won one. The Red Lion won their one match on Saturday by beating Bank Quay.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLING.

It has been the event of the ; it has broken the depressing monotony of a week's work, which cyclists always complain of. It is not every day that G. I'. Mills travels through Warrington to smash a "Lands End to John o' Groats" record. So when he did come through on Tuesday there was scarcely a wlieelman in Warrington who did not turn out to view him. And it was good to examine him. Ile is a finely physiqued young man of 24 and stands abeut six feet high with limbs and thews which bespeak the thorough athlete. He landed at the N.,rton Arms about 1.45. His father was there—so was his sister. The hundreds of people cheered him and admired him and he was just for all the world like the hero in a martial romance.

Once he did the same run on an ordinary bicycle in five days, one hour, and 45 minutes, and than he went the same distance on a tricycle in five days, ten hours and no minutes. It was this record that he has been going in to break during this week. The total distance is 876 miles. He set out from Lands End on Monday morning at 8 a.m., and he was mounted upon a splen- did pneumatic tyred tricycle weighing about 35Ihs. He had travelled 357 miles when he arrived in Warring- ton—in very little more than the time it takes to get by rail down to Lands .End.

He was accompanied to Warrington by Lawrence Fletcher, B. 11. Cobble, and T. Edge, all of the Anfield Club, who paced Mills. They also accompanied him northwards and he reached Granton Ferry, 17 miles north of Edinburgh at 1 p.m., on Wednesday. This was a distance of 582 miles frim Land's End. He was then six hours ahead of the safety record and 29 hours ahead of his former tricycle record. Ho had only 294 miles to do then.

Th plucky rider finished his journey at 10.47 yester- day morning, making his time 3 days, 16 hours, 47 min- ut. a. This is 7 hours 8 minutes ahead of the safety bicycle record, and 1 day 17 hours 13 minutes ahead of ti-s) solid tyred tricycle.

?airy !ergo numher of members of the W.J.C. pod dled along to Siddington on Saturday. Men tia reached High Lech a heavy storm burst upon them an they had to make tracts for a smithy to remain di r for an hour while the ft.'s:id worked down. At lent I was told they remained in a smithy that length of time, hut it seems to me that this waa strange as there is a Iliousr of refreshment near by ! Knutsford was eventu- ally reached and then the return was made.

The members of the Wneelers Club had worse luck. They set out for Sale and were overtaken by the storm at Lymm. They (lid not stop at a smithy, but at another place. ltut although the weather cleared up they did not reach Sale; they did not attempt.

By the way, I have only just found out that there are lady members in the Wheelers Club. Now surely there ip going to be a chance of a ladies' club being formed. GOLF.

Mr. T. W. Legh, the member for the Newton division, on Thursday made himself the winner of the Parliamen- tary Golf Tournament. He had, however, a very hard fight. His opponent was Mr. 11. Browne, one of the clerks in the Journal Office. This player had done so well with his long handicap that it was generally ex- pected that he would prove too many for Mr. Legh. MI depended in the end of the last hole, and by winning it Mr. Legh won the match.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
MISCELLANEOUS.

In the 120 yards hurdle race at th-e•Soutl)port Athletic Club sports on Saturday, the first prize was carried off by G. G. Shaw, London AC., owes 15, and the second by H. Webster, of the Warrington F.C., owes 8.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
ANNUAL MEETING OF THE WARRING- TON PRIMROSE LEAGUE.

The annual meeting of the Warrington Habita- tion of the Primrose League, was held in the Con- servative Club, Sankey-s., on Wednesday night. Mrs. Reynolds, the Lady Ruling Councillor of the Habitation, took the chair, and she was supported on the platform by Mr. R. Fierpoint. M.P., Alder- men Harrison, Sutton, and Francomb, Councillors Muir, Smethurst, Hutchinson, and Hill, Captain J. 1). Buckton, Dr. Spinks, and Messrs. It. Davies J. Roberts and W. Diggle. On the proposition of Alderman Harrison, seconded by Councillor Smet- hurst, Mrs. Rsynolds was re-elected Lady Ruling Councillor tor the forthcoming year, and she was also thanked for her serviees to the League during the past year. Alderman Harrison moved that Mr.C.H.Wood be hon. Sec. ,and Messrs.Lowis W.Voisey,J.Roberts, J.Cook- son, j. flampson, G. Pilling, R. H. Dainteth, Alderman Harrison, Mrs. Grounds, Mrs.R.Johnson, Miss Reynolds, Miss S. Reynolds, and Miss Voisey be the Cauncil of the Habitation for the coining year. Mr. Cookson seconded and they were elected unanimously.—Alderman Fran- comb then moved the following resolution "That in the opinion of this meeting, the bill nola More Parliament, for the granting of a separate legislature to Ireland, is not in accordance with the will of the British people, and if passed would be an injustice to us, and would probably cause civil war in Ireland." Mr. Diggle seconded, and the resolution was passed unanimousiy.— The following were elected wardens, on the motion of Alderman Francomb, seconded by Mr. Key : Town Hall Ward, Mrs. &not huist ; WhitQcross %Yard, Mrs. R. Johnson ; Be wsey Ward, Miss Atherton, Orford Ward, Miss Edgar ' • Howley Ward, Mrs. Reynolds ; St. Austin's Ward, Miss Veisey, and Miss Fairhurst. Mr. Robert Davies at this stage took the chair, and he immediately called upon Mr. R. Pierpoint, M.P., to address the meet - Mg:

Mr. Pierpoint, who was received with much en- thusiasm, said that he would give them that night an account of how a day in Parliament was spent. They began at three o'clock on Monday's, Tuesday's and Thursday's. If a member wished to have a seat he must be there in good time, at the beginning of prayers. Then there were various small matters of private busi- ness, such as presentations of petitions. On Tuesdav,he had the honour of presenting a petition for the Warring- ton district agaimt the Welsh Suspensory Bill. At about 3.30 began questions, and there were far more of these than appeared in the papers. They averaged between 60 and 70 daily. Then began the Borne Rule Bill, which dragged slowly along. Divisions came over and over again, and when one considered that every division took a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes, a considerable amount of time was taken up by this means. At 12 o'clock at midnight the debate was adjourned. The House did not adjourn even then. A climber of gentle- men were anxious to get their little bills tur, ugh during the unopposed time. Some of these bills were bad ones, and all that was necessary to stop them was to say " I object." The House generally adjourned at 12.30, and the member got to bed some where about 2 o'clock. He had alluded to the Home Rule Bill dragging wearily along, and this was well shown, as they had only got half way through the third clause, and there were 40 in all. If the bill gets through this year, the Goverment will be very happy. Mr. Gladstone was followed by his party with great unwillingness, and he believed that they were expecting the House of Lords to throw it out. They were leaving it for other people to do what they dare not do themselves. The legislation of the Government was almost all class legislation,as witness the Employers' Liability Bill, the Budget, the Vaccination Bill, the Local Veto Bill, the Home Rule Bill and the Welsh Sus- pensory Bal. He also contended that the Local Veto Bill and the Welsh Suspensory Bill were confiscatory bills.

After Mr. Pierpoint's speech, 'a concert was held at which the following programme was submitted : Piano- forte dug, " Italy," by Misses Voisuy and Knowles; dance, by the Misses Reynolds, encored ; song," Angus McDonald," by Miss Fanshaw, who was encored ; piano- forte and oboe 'duct, "Selections from the Maritana," Messrs. G. Riley and Ward ; seng, " Death of Nelson," Mr. W. Howard ; pianoforte solo, Miss Voisey. The entertainment closed with a ventriloquial en' ertainment by Mr. A. Grounds. Mr. G. Riley was the accompanist.

AT OUR LOCAL CaURCHES, WARRINGTON.

MOORE WESLEYAN CHAPEL. The anniversary services of the Moore Wesleyan Chapel were held on Sunday last, when the preacher in the afternoon and evening was the Rev. T. Brookes, of Sheffield, formerly stationed in the Warrington Circuit. There were good congregations at each service,especially at the evening service. Special hymns and anthems were given by the choir and children, and the collections for the day amounted to £l6 4s. 6d., being an increase of £2 Ms. on the previous year. THE P.S.A. AT WYCLIFFE. There was again a large attendance at the Pleasant Sunday afternoon mEeting in Wycliffe Church on Sun- day afternoon. The membership of the brotherhood has now reached 610. Mr. S. B. Stringer was the chair- man for the afternoon,and delivered an earnest address. Mr. Power, a workingman from Manchester, and super- intendent of a Ragged Sunday School there, also ad- dressed the meeting, and the address was much appre- ciated. Mrs. R. H. Pearson was the soloist, and ex- quisitely rendered two solos " Rock of ages "and " The Better Land," and merited the applause she received. The latter solo was sung to the double accompaniment of 'cello and organ, and produced a fine sffect. Mr. H. Bond played the 'cello, and W. H. Payton presided at the organ. The Rev. John Yonge and Mr. J. Kenworthy also took part in the meeting.

THE FEAST OF CORPUS CHRISTI. The annual feast of Corpus Christi was celebrated in the various Roman Catholic places of worship in War- rington. On Sunday, St. Mary's Buttermarket-street, was crowded in the evening, when the usual procession took place, the Blessed Sacrament being carried round the church under a gorgeous canopy, borne by four soldiers. There was a large number of children and young women dressed in white with white veils, the former carrying bunches of choice flowers. Before the Blessed Sacrament walked a number of children who carried baskets of flowers, which they strewed along the aisles. Father Turner was the officiating clergyman, and was assisted by Father Wray and Duggan. A similar procession took place at St. Alban's Church. During the procession, the children and choir sang Mozart's "Ave Verum " in an excellent manner 'f h e Benediction music was composed by Father Murphy, formerly of Warrington. The choir was under the con- ductorship of Mr. Richard Eccles, and Mr. Mather pre- sided at the organ, performing the difficult selections in a manner which reflected considerable credit upon him. BUCKLEY-STREET ME PHODIST FREE CHURCH. The anniversary services in connection with the above church were held on Sunday. The preacher in the morning and evening was Mr. Walter L. McNair of Liverpool (secretary of the Liverpool Railway Mission). The preacher took as his text in the morning Psalm 116, verses 12 and 13. He said that lie found it rather diffi- cult to preach a set sermon in the chapel, as he had been accustomed to preaching out in the open air, but he felt it an honour to be invited to preach the anniversary sermons in Buckley-st. Chapel. It was fitting on that occasion to ask, like the Psalmist : " What shall I ren- der unto the Lord for His benefits towards me ?" In these times the question generally arose in the minds of men, and very often it was more difficult to remember the mercies of G ai than the chastisements of God. This was a misfortune of our nature, flow often did the tongue speak out a long list of trying times in our ex- perience, but when asked to sing, or speak or pray, the tongue becaine dumb, and they were seldom able to tell of God's goodness, when they ought to pour our their heart in thankfulness and praise for His wonderful deal- ings. Itwas this spirit that made the Psalms so refresh- ing to read. They should not be afraid to ask God for He delighted in giving, and they could naver ask too much. A spirit of thankfulness was what God required in return. He appealed to the congregation to show their sense of gratitude by giving freely towards the funds of the chapel. Mr. McNair preached again in the evening to a good congregation. Special hymns were arranged for the services, and tin-i choir under the able leadership of Mr. Andrew Jennings gave an anthem "Talk with us Lord "in the morning in a very credit- able manner, and again in the evening, they gave " Daughter of Zion "in an equally clever style. Mr. John J. Fairhurst, was the organist.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
• -4,--. THE WARRINGTON MAGISTRATES AND SCHOOL PROSECUTIONS.

Richard Gou!den, Heath-road. Penketh, was brought before Alderman Harrison (chairman), Councillor 11. Roberta, and, Mr. %V. yierpoint, at the Warrington Borough C kurt, yesterday, summoned for not sending his- daughter regularly to school. Mr. B. Shearer, who prosecuted, said that this else had been adjourned in May for a month, as the defendant had produced a doctor's certificate, which certified that his daughter was suffering from pneumonia. She had been a very bad at tender of school for a number of years. —Councillor H. Roberts said that there had been some reference made by Mr. Shearer, and by the Clerk to the School Attendance Committee of Sank ey,the tenour of the remarks being to the effect that the magistrates did not support the school attendance officera in their eases be- fore the court. As he (Councillor Roberts) was one of the magistrates on the occasion in which the present case was heard, all he would say was, that neither for" the school attendance officers, nor the Board of Gear- aians, nor the Rural Sanitary Authority, nor anybody else, would he be a party in the face of evidence which was not controverted, that the child was seriously ill at the time, in administering the law in a way calculated to bring those who administlred it into contempt. Here was a child who was suffering from an ailment, and she was thirteen years of age. It was perfectly well known how serious the nature of the complaint was. For the school attendance officer to find fault with them, in the course they took, in acting upon the dietates of butnanity,rather than the stern requirements of the law, was in his opinion unjustifiable. It was calculated to prejudice in the minds of the public, the action of the magistrates who acted upon this particular case. Ile knew nothing about the general conduct of the magis- trates. He was defending himself from which appeared to him to be an unfair action.—Mr. Shearer said the child was summoned for a time previousto the date of. the certificate, and there was no evidence produced to show that the child could not go to school for six months previously. The parents were summoned on the Ist May and there was no complaint of ill-health then. Seven days afterwards they got a certificate. The child had ma.ie very poor attendances for five years.—Coun- cillor Roberts said that a complaint like pneumonia did not come in a few months. The father had stated that the girl had been a weakling from birth. She was not suffering from an ordinary illness.—Mr. Shearer con- tended that the father was not on oath, but the magis- trates' clerk explained that he could not take oath, as he was the defendant.—Mr. Shearer finally withdrew the case.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. B.A.IINABAS' SCHOOLS.

SETTLEMENT OF THE DISPUTE. The dispute between the Rev. G. Allton, vicar of St. Barnabas, and the managers of the day schools, which has been going on during the past few years. and has been the cause of several lawsuits, has at length been settled. The vicar has resigned his position a.; chairman of the School Committee, and agreed to recognise Messrs. R. Proud and T. Pil king- ton as duly elected managers of the school. lie will, we understand, in tha future take no part whatever in the management of the day schools. Mr. R. Proud will be the treasurer and correspond- ent. The agreement between the two parties was drawn up, and signed on Thursday afternoon.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
LATEST NEWS. THE WORMWOOD SCRUBBS MURDER

THE ACCUSED CONSTABLE BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES. In regard to the murder, an account of which is given on our inside pages, Police-cotstable George Samuel Cooke, twenty-seven, was charged at the West London Police Court, yesterday, with causing the death of Maud Smith, by striking her on the head at Wormwood Scrubbs on the morning of the 7th inst. Detective In- spector Morgan asked the magistrates to take evidence sufficient only to justify a remand. The accused, who is a tall man, entered the dock with a smile and look of recognition towards the police officers in court, and then folded his arms and assumed a careless air.

Harry Kimberley, a shepherd, said he was crossing Scrubbs early on Wednesday morning, and came upon a woman's dead body. One side of the face was covered with blood, and one side a the head was smashed in. The body was fifty yards from the road- way, and the clothing was scarcely disarranged at all. Witness touched the woman's hand, and finding it very cold immediately concluded she was dead. Witness called another man, and waited while the latter fetched a policeman. Mr. Jackson, police surgeon, said he was called, and found the body lying in a clot of blood. There were two fractures of the skull and two of the jaw, while the ball of the right eye was smashed. The pmt mortent showed extensive laceration and hemor- rhage on the brain. Witness had examined some police boots and trousers submitted to him. and found stains upon both ; he could not now state what the stains were. The wounds which caused time woman's death might be caused by kicks or blows from a blunt instrument. Detective-Inspector Morgan gave evidence that pri- soner went on duty at 9.45 on Tuesday night. Stains of blood were found on his boots and trousers, for which he could not account, except that on Thursday last week he cut his thumb.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
The prisoner was remanded until next Thursday.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

FRIDAY. HOUSE OF COMMONS. . . .

The Speaker took the air at five minutes past two o'clock. THE WEAVER NAVIGATION BILL. . .

Mr. BROWNER moved that it be an Instruction to the Committee to inquire into and report on all matters connected with the constitution, powers, finance, and manavnnent of the Trustees of the Weaver Navigation. Ile said his instrucilon was now merely a formality. lie had had a conference with the President of the Board of Trade, who had announced his intention Of moving his amendment that it be an instruction to the commit- tee to inert in the bill a • clause requiring the trustees to come to Parliament within two years with such a Bill as might enable Parliament to deal with the whole question of the constitution and management of the trust. Ho was very much gratified to hear of that in- tention, because the amendment met all his (Mr. Brun- ner's) wishes. Be hal never had any wish to delay or defeat the Bill, and when it was pointed out to him that his motion would occupy thne involving the pre- panktion of evidence on behalf of the trustees he at once cordially accepted Mr. Musdella's proposal.— Mr. BRUNNER'S motion having been vribolrawn, Mr. MUNDELL' proposed hikinstruction in favour of a clause requiring the trustees to bring in a Bill within two years, so that the constitution of the Trust might be dealt with. 1, Mr. Fonwoon said the Bill had an imprirtant connec- tion with Liverpool, seeing that the exports of salt from Liverpool tormed a larger amount of the total than any_ other article. It was a wrong principle that the profit frein a great natural highway should go to ease the rates of any particular county. Mr. M'Lauxii on behalf of the other members for Cheshire, accepted the inetruction.—After some re- marks from Mr. Whiteley and Mr. Swipe, Mr. TOLLE- :maxim said he believed that there was at the present moment a motion on the books of the Trust in favour of the representation on it of the County Council. As to the surplus at the dues not one penny had been given for the 'relief of the rates without the sanction of Parliament. The instruction was then agreed to.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
THE Krim, WEDDING.

MR. Ktrowtvs asked the Prime Minister if it was the intention of Her Majesty's Government to proclaim the wedding day of H.R.U. the Duke of York, on the 6th of July, as a public holiday. Ma. GLADSTONE said that in this matter the Government would watch for any mani- festations on the part of the citizens, and by these they would be governed as to the course they would take, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY BILL.

The How went into Committee on the Employers' Liability Hill. and the Gnyernmont WAR atithoripPrl uik.'D..tymeuti o workincu ibjured iu the public service.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
TERRIBLE CALAMITY IN AMERICA-

JUDGMENT YESTERDAY. At the resumed hearing of the Pontefract electiatt petition yesterday, Mr. Bigham continued his replY oe behalf of the petitioner. He declared that the Libel' party paid for and used election cards in such a way a' to constitute marks of distinction, and that the nal therefore came within the Walsall judgment. 08 Des. alluded to the use of rosettes, and commented upon th.. absence of all information as ta the source from whi'ea they came. Counsel contended the allegation of bribery had be: fully sustained, for Draper, who was undoubtedlY agent, had admitted sending money to a voter. Low; den, the Liberal agent, was again called, au.] uP° d being reminded that he might be liable to be report° c. connection with the use ol cards, said he gave instru • tions that they were not to be employed as marks 9; distinction. The judges then -retired to consider the] decision.

The court declared the seat vacant,.on the ground ti. Draper had been guilty of bribery, and that his agenr had been established. Mr. Reckitt was personally ea rated from the charges made against him, and judges condemned in strong language what wag , cribed as the scandalous vindictiveness evinced in general allegations. Mr. Justice Hawkins said that it was with grW gret that the court unseated Mr. Reckett. • The following are the returns of the last three tions

13th Feb., 1893. Harold J. Itickitt (L) 1,228 John Shaw,(C) 1,162

..........

Majority 1892. Hon. Roland)Winn (C) H. S. Lee Wilson (L)

Majority 1886. Hon. R. Winn (C) C. J. Fleming (L)

Majority .......... ......

SHOCKING TRAGEDY AT wross•

ATTEMPTED DOUBLE MURDER AND SUICIPE' Between five and six o'clock yesterday tnorninF desperate attempted double murder and suicide place in Wigan. It appears that a man named El of 27, Turser-street, a Corporation labourer, hal crie tamed a jealous feeling towards his wife for . months, and it is alleged that in a fit of desPe caught hold of the woman this morning by the tbrife, and cut from ear to ear with a large pruning, 14,1/,.,00 Following this action lie went upstairs into a bear" e, and cut the throat of his child, Lily, four years of o When the police arrived upon the scene he bad JtO completed the tragedy by cutting his own throat. $ had it not been for the prompt action of Poll,'" stables Taylor and Kettle he would have torn the open in mad furs-. The mother and child ?tiolg Helsel!, were medically attendA and conveyed .% • Albert Edward Infirmary, where they all remain critical condition. The child and Haleall are ill a dangerous state. The depositions have been taken. rationost,s The deposition of Mary Ann Halsall is 10 follow, k, got up this morning about a quarter to four 0 and saw a young man who lives with us off to the I then had a cup of tea. When my husband downstairs he said, " What do you mean ?" reP "What do you mean?" He then Fait] " I nikenainfelerros your-- head off." And taking a pruning his pocket, drew it across my neck, saying done with you yet. I will do both you and td'ho, -- children before I leave you. This is what la ow, have given you two years ago. I will give it yot!ild When the statement was read to Hals7all he rephe have no question to ask."

400 KILLED AND INJURED. NEW YORE, YORE, FRIDAY. —An occurrence is reportcu molt Washington to-day which it is feared will prove al:ill:Pk' unprecedented calamity. Three old fhors ''hich Opera House, in Washington, the building ja 7theut President Lincoln was killed, collapsed to-daf the slightest warning. The historic building pied by tne Bureau of the War Department, ari fewer than 400 clerks were employed in that de' ment. Scarcely one escaped the disaster, the scene after the several floors had vc„rtal'ol• down into the cellars was truly appalling. 0011 employee escaped scathless, and it i feared 5v",743g11 too great reason that the list of dead will be appal to large. A number of ready hands at once set tu 17-0001 withdraw the unfortunate victims of the calam", odes the tangled heaps of beams, plaster, and debris, cal beer) the time of telegraphing, twenty eight bodiea recovered. The task of fhe rescuers is rendered ari. trying by the numbers of relatives of the War PePs tbe ment officials who fhcked to the scene as Bona el news of the distressing event reached them, an,„vere! painful scenes to be witnessed as each corrse i3,e6;c:„d and identifled by some sorrowing relative or heart-breaking.

stA

N s'll

E E T II .

TEETH.

A- TEETII. PARKINSONS'S TEETH are, act,b,,e, UNEXCELLED IN THLI Wolf LV• 3 ');', EJP .TE ETU. may rest assured that these statell-spsi based on ABSOLUTE TRUTII. and 13° ' ._ TEETII. tble,:tt guarantee of this to intending . I PARKINSON has one of flf tow,- D. ' nptayl iipg theract BEST lces BiEnEntriAtanuoti i,le TE ETH. employing olloo.oo_, r BEST MATERIALS obtainable. TE ET H. the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. Any set made, or any work done TEETH. not giving ABSOLUTE SITISPA','-eted,, Every Detail will be immediately 100 TEETH. an ENTI TB NEW SET made CHARGE. These conditions insure the publ,lacril TEETH. Hon and recommendation, eaernin.',. ."-- sets having been inserted for ?Olen-- TEETH. one year only, directly and indim.ctly v the voluntary persuasion and rec.-warner TEETH. of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. AO' °for these patients' names and ?Trier, pi TEETH. ?Trier, will be given to any w",bese. personally applying for them. -•- -/- _ thousands in the past each recontnc T.ti ETII • friends, speak volumes for Mr. success. TEETH. Ms unusually Large Dental .0-, t st•a-µt adapted for the COMFORT of Pabenabkfris rrEETTT. NOT DETER ANY. ALL rtre WE ni 9 to TEETH NOT CONSULTATIONS DAY fr° TEETH. and 2to 6. ABSOLUTELY PAINLIsSS EX,' on srf as hitherto, by the aid of ba, I, be P TEETH. LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of w,h'l9,ooC/f liquefies for sate to dentists nearl,-re, JO' TEETH. ions weekly. Patients, have, therelo, To. of his TEETH.

Ipeciali

1);ti•

MA It RIAGES. ~,,uretio WAT9ON—SINIGIIR. —June 3rd, at the Pari6h rni TP rington, by the Rev. B. B. Jackson. Watson to Gertrude Sanlgear. TAKER—BARLOW.--June sth, at the Parish CharCb; t.O ton, by the Rev. F. W. Willis, Benjamin TO"' Barlow. ~....sah TEMPLETON—HOWARD.—June 6th, at the + -•• r Warrington, by the Rev. F. W. Willis, Andrew to Beartrice Howard. OCKLESTON—MILLER —On the 7th June, bY the Ite:l7-111i 60 Macleod. D.D ' one of her Majesty's uhaPbarlDhOteru'lli' Ockleston, of Ashby House, Flooker's Brock', a cot Margaret, elder daughter of James Miller, 114. Renfrewsbire.

DEA:VHS. IN SWORTEL—ApriI 24th at Brookside ' CIO". ellei 1140 thrill. Australia. Lily the beloved daughter of ..„.,il.). Sarah Unsworth, of Melbourne (late ofV/Ar' . 63 18 years and 4 months. ara Lcrox—June 3rd, at Winwielc-st , Markact years. '''- ~„. LEg—June 3rd, at 8, SpArling-st, Margareb ' _ea b° years. MEE—T 511 t5l m *dee. une --1, 11- --, Mersey-st., Thomas - „., years. , no itgAi, '- HARRISON—June sth. at Mersey-st.. Allee liarf's" . . years. ir'''l re ,41°'. i BRADSHAW—June 7th, at 31, PriPgtly-st.: 11 aged 2i years. ' Ctiaut —June Bth, at Duttermarket-st., John Ør3ll" years.

At-re-et. r

' • f • that enci exone-- both' dor eW 4:- ' • tiolf enter -10 tbrasS , knife. 6e,itoo ice-c°A°. Wit° roao csai. freo„ 00, tVl° shOU ,u 00f; jEItICA• itED. rted fr°°' d s repo will prove an a"7,0 d thors Forcra h %chic ne building .n .theu; ,llapsed to-day WI car Astoric building iS °A 00 War Department, an" rt. employed in that depa soaped the disaster, ono several floors had cr: 001 Nas truly appalling. 0011 nless, and it i; feared with. 11 the list of dead will be apPalillikgto ready hands at once set to wort tore rtunate victims of the calamitY (Do of beams, plaster, and debris, !liven ,raphing, twenty eight bodito had 0,004 e task of the rescuers is rendered "'art. numbers of relatives of the %Car DeP„ tbe Adskis•ltiroesfisinle: eedvett to reached hsecdenteh:ms ,sosonn d thej L' ones to be witnessed as each corrse i 3 reoofero.o titled by some sorrowing relative or friend reaking. mr, P ere 3- s/ LL. P°- is pssloo'o I.4fite oh ,utoorn,be 00- • he 040 efor" 11 I Via cligos—b• cllO,lOO nietico" el °dr f $ vsfio ,aeser golf rizending-thit 001911 I;eti it° 01' ExTßAsnocl° Cbotid:

Igor- -40 ,vorl Outoo, ole TOP, - ,t

===== 0002601_18930610_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
CLOSED ALL DAY

J. H. PARKINSON. Dentist by ExAminatioo63,oll. 46, MOSLEY-STREET, MANCII% WARRINGTON ON WEDNESDAYS, at Hill w„, Ladies' Outfitter, Sankey-at., from 2to 5 9.71,te. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes' Parson's), Confectioner, Bridge-St. , from 2 °Low NORTHWICH. on FRIDAYS. at MiB s from gr 11 to b. .IEI

TEETH.

===== 0002601_18930610_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
1:`°10: Piot te•••

j%

===== 0002601_18930610_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
TEFRACT ELECTION PEI'ITE:6.

===== 0002601_18930610_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDDING RINGS.-PURE GUINE I+. GOLD WEDDING RINGS. Largest Stock and best value the district. Sold by weight from 71. 6d. to 501. All ".7.•_es and shapes. includ'ng the Round and Ilalf-Round ""waYs in stock. Finger tire card post free. 8' AND A. E,fiTA NCB. THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK. 43, SA.NICKY SrIMET. WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED, 1:64.

`n• PAUL'S CHURCH, WARRINGTON.— u I"sciAL sHitmoNs will be preached on behalf of the rith Side Day qchools. on SUNDAY, IPrit .11.12,1 E 1893. by wi°,,k. HENRY SEM:IMS POT, M.A.. Vicar of liar- Bolt. Holy Communion at 8 am. Morning po,irentatio r and communion 10.30 a.m. Children's service and n of collectiong at 3 o'clock. Evening prayer at .141`ai Anthems, morning: "He shall feed his flock "(WoodLike as a Father Wall his own children " iti-2,9). All offertories will be devoted to the schools. aggILT V. PIGOT. M.A . Vicar' Chairman of Managers. T. H. SUTTON. Wardens. JAMES SMETHURST,

AMALGAMATED SOCIETY ORNR OF Estah,, ,•D •AL TOOLMAKHRS AND MACHINISTS. r‘"ined 1832. Registered under Act of Parliament, kh,EN AIR MEETING In SATURDAY, Jumr. 10TH, AT BfilDoll FOOT, at 4.30 p.m. B. B.WILLTAMS, W. F. BESTCN, and others will speak.

BOROUGH OP WARRINGTON ROYAL WEDDING. Ihe , g '° call a MEETING of the Inhabitants of Warring ht7.,:stt the Town Hall, on MONDAY BVBNINO NEXT. to consider the advisability of observing the VI ° Oki. day of the Royal Wedding, as a PUBLIC HO I- , The eal ! WT L : eSOf Warrington have suggested that the Royal i. I'll 4 l'ag should be Commemorated by a local demonstration.o 14004:1"11 he &ad to have the opinion of the meeting n Th,.,.., ,Y evening as to how any money raised for the pug ose. , ws,':",, be sput. In the meantime I have opened a Sub i I --‘,Ption List at each of the Banks. tisted this 9th day of June. 1893. Tow a ~.,an. Wa rrinton. g EDW. GRRENALL, Mayor. , n -------._ .

WARRINGTON INFIRMARY AND DISPEN- sAity EXTENSION FUND. Tile following DONATIONS have been promised 2 s. d. i— ritc!orb.eitParTiltidii3,v,les• 11':1" j.P. 50 0 0 50 0 0 Mrs.:eJ. Ircirickmere ll:rge Dakin. BKI rtr_n mas . Tho Litton lO 0 0 T.:: iie, ry Litton. Southampton Rola:l%4:i s. pe isoi,n e li I. i t,teorii : ehsciel tenha m 10 r) 0 5 5 0 „ ...es Harvey .nolnas Birchen, Esq., J. I' 5 0 0 £l9l 5 0 J• el It, nrlton Parr, Esq.. J•P lOO 0 0 Mr. SYlvanus Reynolds lO 0 0 • and Mrs. W.11,wd.-n, Pat, ieroft 2 2 0 £303 T 0 at"Portlie subscriptions to the Extension Fund may be paid ILkin,,„"fr the local banks or to the Honorary Treasurer. OHO. Esq.. Arlington House, Latchford. JOS. DAVIES J. L. TUNSTALL I Iron. Sees.

TUE PALACE THEATRE, Warrington ; also of the People's Palace. St. Helens. "AND ILLUMINATED DAY PERFORMANCE, ON SATURDAY. JUNE 17TH, it 3 °.cl°ck. when children. will be admitted at half price To all parts. A TREAT FOR WARRING') ON I LEON! CLARKE'S, VAUDEVILLE COMPANY. ld°',„ DAY. JUNE 12nt. and during the week, EONI CLA.RKE'S e.‘-‘ U.te, A T S. •S. MICE, CANARIES, COCKATOOS, RABBITS, Ac, The greatest and most marvellous Animal Show in the Universe. Miss LILY HOWEN ilerlo-Cornie Artiste, Big Boot. and American Tip Top Boot Dancer. Grand Starring Engagement of the celebrated MUSICAL AJLININIS Muskat Wonders Extraordinary in their Grand Instrumental Speciality. Expensive Engagement of the wonders of the 19th aetitury, the marvellous HOWARD BROTHERS Ilarvkllous Feats accomplished without Word Sign, or Action Special Engagement of FRED ALBERTO, Character aud Irish Comedian Dancer. The Qaeen of Song, lIIDLL E. FELTON. ~_ The Talented and Refined Double Voiced Vocalists. "nßortant and Expensive Engagement of the Celtic Comedians THE OMALLEYS, G r.a, licemtric Comedy Act. Doors In °Pen at 6-30. Mondays and Saturdays. Other even- ". 7 o'clock. ADMISSION : 45., 65., and Is.

HOTEL AND BOTANICAL GARDENS. 13(tncl,m NEAR MANCHESTER. "daYS. Wednesdays and Saturdays. Public gat her.. &Al?' P,lcnie and Wedding' Parties specially catered for. Civet...owls. Ferneries. Gymnasia, SliJotlng GailerV. i'neuses. Archery and Skittles. Flowers and Plants always on sale.

of()IN. THE EARLESTOVVN, NEWTON, HAY DOCK liOO4.,„_ND DISTRICT PERFECT THRIFT BUItUDING in J.,owhich now numbers 265 members. Nei! Ballot kr.113.• Any Information will be given on applicat 1) ion o 13• Toone, 15, South Bank Terrace, liuncorn,.or the --Lary 69 r THOMAS LATIMER. Earlestown. _ JOHN'S PAROCHIAL HALL, EARLESTOWN. A n —RAND BAZAAR representing all the world at • TURKISH BAZAAR ,r neld In the shave hall. on SATURDAY, MONDAY, TL_URS DAY NEXT. JUNI?. 10,12 and 13. ftltre bnzar will b" opened at 2,30 p.m. on Salurdayby the 4,4""1d Mrs. WILLIS, of V arrington. thrt.Mluion, Saturday sixpence, Monday and Tuesday. Pence.

N °R.THERN CIRCUIT SUMMER ASSIZES. 1893. LANCASTER, The c Ift (emislions for holding Mese Assizes will beepened ,rt nctster, on Friday, the 7th July. it.tri. 0 Court Will It nis Saturd ty, the Bth July, at 11 o'clock MANCHESTER. st It Commissions for holding these Assizes will he opened nnehesteron Tuesday. the 11th July. . he Conrt will sit on -Wednesday, the 12th July, at n Oeek 7h lt t, egu "Alone for conducting the Criminal Business will " PUbliabed in due time. LIVERPOOL. Commissions for holding the.e Assizes will be opened verpool, on Tuesday, the 25th July. " 4he COnrt will sit an 'Wednesday, the 26th July, at 11 • a .m L•rtulatioos for c ndueting the Criminal Business Will 'Pliblishedln due time. 4,iize• tilitsitetsB and Sall Cases will be taken at all the above ----- HENRY STEPHEN. Clerk ef the Assize, • of Clerttct Assize. Preston, Bth June, 1893. . ▪ .--It IS parbieularly requested that all Depositions In- r. Pons, and Eeeognizanses, may be IMMEDIATTLY, for- ed te me at Pseaton.

'^L MARC/MGT/3R, LIVERPOOL, AND NORTH LANCASHIRE AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY. GREAT SHOW AT BLACKPOOL, oRQ, Juix 26th,, 27th, and 25th, 1893. tist"-'i'S• CATTLE. PIGS, DOGS. POULTRY, CitERsE. BUTTER. WORKING DAIRY, AND IMPLEMENTS. Pi Ise Schedules now ready. JAMES BIRCH, Secretary, unswick-street, Liverpool.

pUPTURES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. [%O T. IiGGINGTON'S Improved Bffectual TIMM for Cure of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss .nd Surgical Appliance Works. 7 A 9. Grosvenor-street, Lon- Mn-road. Manchester.

RUPTURES. Avoid the hurtful Steel Trusses. Try the CURATIVE EASY-Fll TING TRIANGULAR TRUSS WITHOUT STEEL, Unperceivable, durable. Post free 10e. STRONGS' TURKISH BATHS, MARKET-ST., ST. HELENS. Ladles and Gentlemen's Private Hot Air, Vapour and Sulphur Baths for Rheumatism, Influenzi, Ac. Boarders Accommodated.

rrHE WARRINGTON STEAM LAUNDRY COM- A. PANT invite inspection of the Werke, Wilderspool aud beg to intimate that they are prepared to carry out 111011-CLASS WORK at Reasons) to Prices. SPECIAL TERMS FOR LARGE QUANTITIES OF LINEN.

HONEY LENT ON, or PURCHASED to any VI Amount. Plate, Watches, Jewellery, Diamonds. Par- cels by post attended to by return. The Finest and Cheapest Stock of Forfeited Watches and Jewellery in Lancashire.— HILL. Pawnbroker. St. James' Theatre. Manchester. BUXTON LIME FIRMS COMPANY LIMITED. —As Agents for above, we have always a stock of Lime at our wharf, Central Station, Warrington ; prices (rioted, delivered by rail, cart, or boat —Apply CLIRE and Itinowav, Central Station, Warrington, and Sankey Bridges.

HARDAWAY AND TOPPING (late HOULOGNE-SUR-XTER), FLUSHING. HOLLAND. I postage 24d. Daily Price List forwarded free on receipt of ! address. The Oldest Established Firm of Turf Commission Agents in the World. No representatives.

PARK ROAD, NRWTON-LE-WILLOWS. %IR, F. FAIRCLOUGII, Oroanist and Choir- master St. Peter's Church; Member of Trinity College, London, Solicits Pupils for Pianoforte, Organ Singing, Theory, ,tc. Terms moderate. Pupils prepared for the Trinity College and other Examinations. Pianos carefully Tuned. Terms Moderate.

JAMES WEBSTER, MIDDALBURGH, HOLLAND. (Late of Calais and Bouloune.Sur-Mer, France.) ASCOT STAKES, ROYAL HUNT CUP, NORIHUIdBERLAND PLAI CESAREWITCH AND CAMBRIDGESHIRE. "The Turf Chronicle" free on receipt of address. DOUBLE AND TREBLE EVENTS. STARTING PRICES. ACCUMULATIVE COMMISSIONS. NO STARTING PRICE LIMIT ON THE PRINCIPAL RACES.

-- SOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY. LIMITED. Rend Office: 168. ISLINGTON-SQUARE, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable 6s Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2a. Sa. £5O, „ 20e. ~ t, £3 9s. Oa. £lOO, „ 40e. .. £6 16s. 04. ALla. GORDON. Manager.

SUN INSURANCE OFFICF, (FIRE.) FOUNDED 1710 SUM IMSLIRED IN 1892.—E391,800,00. For all partizulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Mr. J. R. Pickcnere A Son, Bridge-st. Mr. Edward W. Woods. Commercial Chambers, 55, Horsemarket-street. Mr. Lewis Volsey, King-street. Mr. It. Lowe, Market Gate Chambers.

T ANCASHIRE MIDSUMMER QUARTER SES- SIONS.—NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the PEACH for the County of Lancaster will be heMea at the CASTLE of LANCASTER. on MONDAY. the 26th day of Jane instant, at Ten o'clock Pi the Forenoon, and by adjournment, at the following places and times. viz At the COURT HOUSE, In PRESTON. on WEDNES- DAY, tke 28th day of June instant, at Ten o'clock in the Forenoon. At the ASSIZE COURTS, In MANCHESTER. on MON- DAY, the third day of July next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. At the COUNTY SESsIONS HOUSE, in LIVERPOOL, on TUESDAY, the 11th day of July next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. The Solicitors engaged in Presenitlons at the staid Sessions are requested to take notice that all Depositions and Instruct- tions for Indictments aro requlret to be sent to the O'erk of the Peace's Office seven days, at least, before the said Sessions respectively. P. C. HULTON, Clerk of the Peace, Clerk of the Peace's Offic-, Preston. June sth, 1893.

COUNTY O' CHESTER 'lO WIT. NTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVF,N, that the next ..1.11 GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY OF CHESTER will be holden at the CASTLE OF CHESTER, in and for the said County, on MONDAY, the 28th day of June instant, at Half-past Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury will be empannelled. The bearing of all Appeals, arising within the Hun- dreds ot Broxton, Eddisbury, Nantwich and Wirral, forming the Cheater District, and the trials of all pm- goners committed from such Hundreds, will take place at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Jury for the Chester District must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the opening of the Court on MONDAY, the 28th day of June instant, at Half-past Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. TFIE Court will be Adjourned to the Court House, Nether Knutaford, on WEDNESDAY, the 28th day of June instant, at Eleven o'clock in tha Forenoon,when another Grand...fury will be empannelled. The hearing of all Appeals arising within tits Hundreds of Rucklow, Mac- clesfield, and Tiorthwich, forming the Knutsford District and the trimly of all prisoners committed from the last- mentioned Hundreds will take place at such Adjourned Sessions. The Grand and Petty Jury for the Knuts- ford District must be in attendance at the Court House, Knutsford, at the opening of the Court on WEDNESDAY, the 28th day of June instant, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester. Chester, sth June, 1893.

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. THOm A S ViOWDE HOUSE AND ESTATE AGENT, 38, Knutsford-road, Warrington, Has renu ved tn NO.I, MILL-ST., MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON.

" TUE SIGN OF' 4," followed by 3, is the number of IfirdAßY'S LINOLEUM WAREHOUSE in CROSS-STREET, whet e you can buy tke best and most perfect designs in Lisoleum thoroughly matured and featly for laying from Is. 4d, per square yard upwards; Linoleum, Cortictne Cork Carpet Rugg, Brussels and Tapestry Carpets and Pquares, Mats, Mattina, Austrian Bentwood Chairs, Tables, Re. The Largest Stock and Best Selection in the Provinces HEMBRY & CO.. Li. 43. CROiS-STIMIBT (Albert-square). MANCHESTER.

THOMAS CLARKE, EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, MARKET-ST., RARLBSTOWN. A good selection of PLAIN and FANCY STATIONERY always in stock, London and Provineal Newspapers, Weekly Periodicsl%, Daily and Weekly Tapers delivered in the neicthbonrhood of Borlestown,Wargrave. and the Vulcan. Agent for the old Established Dyers, Davies .and Son, Liverpool.

THOMAS RAIN, • RENT and DEBT COLLECTOR, Douse, Estate, and Getlend Commtseion .Agent, 39, GLADSTONE STREET. 'WARRINGTON. RENTS Ann ACCOUNTS regnl4rly collected in .town or eOuntry.—DEßTS PURCHASED. References and Terms on application. Communications .promplAy attendee:llo.

PA.—CEYLON TEAS IN PERFECTION, direct From Estates. Indian teas full of strength and flavour. Blended teas of supreme quality. Keen buyers and judges of value should not fall to sample our teas. Buying direct from Tea Estates, pay no commission to travellers, and hav- ing no expensive extras to provide for, we do business and have clone for 30 years at the closest profit. CITY OF LONDON TEA COMPANY, 1. 2. and 3, Beer-lane, GREAT TOWER-ST., LONDON, B.C.

1)R. FOX'S COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS THE GREAT REMEDY. FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, INFLUENZA, HOARSENESS, LOSS OF VOICE AND ALL AFFECTIONS OF THE CHEST AND LUNGS. Being prepared from Fruits and Herbs only, may be taken with perfect safety by Old and Young. Sold everywhere in tins, is. lid. sack by Chemists and Medicine Vendors. SOLE PROPRIETOR— GEORGE EADE. 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON, A Tim SENT FREE ON RECEIPT OP STA I IPS.

THE LATE LOWDEN WELLS. NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC. WE, LOWDEN WELLS, JUN., and THOMAS WELLS, of 2, Peers Court, Foundry-street, Warrington, having succeeded to our late Father's business, (through his death) of UNDERTAKING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES, hope to receive stair share of the t üblle patronage, and by strict attention to all orders received and good workmanship, to be enabled to keep the name which has olung to the late Mr. WELLS since com- mencing in business of nndertaking, Ac., by turning out only the very best of work from the best of tim- ber obtainable, and at moderate prices.

MARTINDALE'S WELL.KNOWN BLACKING. (LIQUID AND PASTE). ALSO "SANDRINGHAM " WATERPROOF JET LUSTRE AND KID CREAM FOR LADIES BOOTS. _- HARNESS COMPOSITION. (THE CELEBRATED HORSE SHOE BRAND) FURNITURE POLISH. ke., ALL OF THE BEST QUALITY. 17. HANOVER-ST., LIVERPOOL,

DANIEL LEA, PAINTER, DECORATOR, PAPERHANGER, GLAZIER, Ac. 14, HIGU -S TRE ET, RUNCORN. PAPERHANGINGS, PAINTS, VARNISHES, GLASS. Paperhangings edged free of charge.

EBENEZER TIMMINS & SONS, LTD ENGINEERS AND IRONFOUNDERS. MAKERS OF CHEMICAL AND SOAP PLANT. BRIDGEWATER FOUNDRY, RUNCORN, ESTABLISHED ISM. CONTRACTORS FOR GAS WORKS. WATER WORKS, ARTESIAN WELLS, BRINE WELLS, AND BORINGS FOE MINERALS. BOILING PLANT AND PUMPS.

COIJREE, MET AL POLISH. QUICK, BRILLIANT, LASTING. [12,15., 4d., 2d., and Id. Tins. Of all Grocers and Chandlers. Wholesale from J. L. DUGUID and Co. 28. CHAPEL-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

BRAND & Co.'s BEEF BOUILLON. A MOST NUTRITIOUS AND INVIGORATING BEVERAGE. Made by the Simple Addition of Boiling Wet At a Cost within the reach of all. 11. LITTLE STANHOPE-ST—MAYFAIR. W.

EXPIRATION OF LEASE. MISS CANTRELL HAS DECIDED TO CLBA.II HER CHOICE SELECTIONS OF GLASS AND CHINA AT A REDUCTION OF 20 PER CENT. DISCOUNT FOR CASH. 3.1153 CANTRELL, 66. SANKEY-STREET. WARRINGTON.

IMPORTANT TO FARMERS TIIB MANCHESTER CORPORATION CONCENTRATED MANURE, MADE FROM BLOOD, BONES, FISH, AND DRIED ANIMAL MATTER, ETC., From the city alaugllter-housee, markets, etc., Contains from 31 to 4 per cent. AMMONIA and Si to 10 per cent. BONE PHOSPHATES. Analysis Guaranteed. R 3 PER TON. Delivered at the nearest Railway Station, carriage paid. in 4-ton lots. within 150 i tett. Supply strictly limited. Or Samples, Testimonials, Ac., ' apply to H. WHILES', SUPERINTENDENT, CLEANSING DEPARTMENT, TOWN HALL, MANCHE:TER ; OR TO MIL BOLD ALDRED, STAB FORD-ROAD, ALTEINCHAM

WORTHINGTON'S BURTON ALES AND STOUTS. FINDLATEE'S DUBLIN INVA LI D AN I) OTHER STOUTS GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT TN CASK OR 13oTTI.R. FINDLATETI'S STOUTS mav now be lin.l In 41 gzOlon canks. WHEATLEY'S HOP 'BITTERS in bottles only. J. M. BEACON. BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER, 14. ST. JAMES-ST.. WARRINGTON.

jA S. MI.G RF.ENHALOR, CABINET MAKER, UPHOLSTERER, AND DECORATOR. SHOWROOM: 48, SANREY.STRERT. WORKSHOP: KING-STREBT, WARRINGTON.

T. BIRTLES, PHOTOGRAPHER, LEGH HOUSE. WARRINGTON. STUDIO OPEN DAILY. PORTRAITS IN ALL STYLES. COMMERCIAL PHOTOGRAPHY OF SWIM DESCRIPTION.

LLAN DUDNO.-GOULDING'S PRIVATE HOTEL and BOARDING HOUSH. Church Walks. Private sitting rooms; 70 bedrooms. Billiard and Smoke geom.._ GOULDING'S 'Bus meets all trains. ELECTRIC LIGHT.

- ONDON.—Visitors to BERNARD'S PRIVATE Li lIOTKL. listab. 31 years. Centkal for business or pleasure. Over 1.00) testimonials from Minister, and others. Ard, breakfast. N. plain • two for ss. 6d. ; tea !ocl.-1 and 2 Granville-square, King'e'Cross-road.

JLANDUDNO. PARADE HOTEL, Church 1.1 Walks, close to Pier ;Wes.— Exc Heat accommoda- tion: moderate charges ; FIRST-CLASS ORDINARY DAILY at 1.45 ; luncheons, dinners, teas, !cc. Choirs and picnic parties catered for. Daily, weekly, and Week.end Boarding Terms.—C.T.C.

SOUTH PORT, SUNNYSIDE HYDRO, Promenade extension. Physician, Dr. Bernardo. A summer and winter residence, combining all the comforts of a pleasant home. Sea vlew, parks, pier, and trams near. Ns x Turkish and other baths, billiards, and tennis. Terms moderate.—J. Boococx, proprietor.

BUXTON.--W lIITSUNTI DE HOLIDAYS. HAD- DON GROVE 11YDROPATHIC. Just added, new Beereation room for entertainments and dancing. For rheumatism and gout thorough treatment given. Billiards, lawn tennis, &e. Terms, 15s. to 495. per week. Special week-end terms.—G. F. HALL, Proprietor.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL. 34 TO 40, LUDGATE HILL. HOMII COMFORTS. CLEANLINBSS AND QUIRT. Central for business or pleasure.,

MRS. ()LITRAM, CONFECTIONER, 84, VICTORIA ROAD, NEW BRIGHTON. (Midway between Pier and Railway Station, opposite Nelson's New Brighton Ilttel). LUNCHEONS. DINNERS. TEAS, REFRESHMENTS, &c.

LONDON. 10, EUSTON SQUARE. N.W. OXFORD HOUSE. PRIVATE HOTEL, One minute from Ruston. five from St. Prancras and Great Nor. hem n Railway Stations. CENTRAL to all PARTS of CITY. Every, home comfort. Spacious newly-fitted di,,ing and drawing rooms. Sanitary certificate. EXCELLENT tables. TRIMS 30s. WEEKLY, and from 6s. PER DAY. Booking in advance. Highly recommended.

- Vublitations. (04 HOW TO ENSURE IIEALTH."—A medical work giving Prescriptions and Instructions for tits cure of 11l kinds of Debility ; post.tree, two stamps.— Address Dr. BARNES, 4R, Lonsdale Square. Barnsbury London. N.

New Edition. Just, published, post free. stamps. ATREATISE ON NERVOUS DISEASES and WEAKNESS in MEN, with a deseriptim of the most Common-sense and Scientific Treatment ever introduced. London : A. J. LEIGH. 92 and 93, Great Rumll-st.

WHITE STAR LINE, ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK. via Queenstown. every Wed. ',TEUTONIC Wed.. June 14 I GERMAN 10.. Wed.. June 21 Second Cabin will he carried on the voyage mark- ed thus*. Steerage passage at low rates. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform In model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply JOSEPH SMITH, 61, Legh-et., War- rington, or to Pow/. IstklE, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street. London. 8.C., and 10, Water-street. Liverpool.

ISLE OP MAN-ROTAL MAIL AND EXPRESS STEAMERS. FROM LIVERPOOL. FROM Donn Las. Every Week-day .. 11.30 a.m. Every Week-day Saturdays & Mondays (extras) Saturdays & Monday 4 p.m. (extras) I Mondays (extra a.m The Fleetwood service Is discontinued, and Pill be resumed lit July. ISLE OF MAN STEAM PACKET CO., LTD., DOUGLAS.

THROUGH THE ENGLISH LAKE DISTIIICT, TO THE ISLE OF MAN. rrIIE BEST ROUTE TO DOUGLAS IS VIA BARROW. Shortest Sea Passage. Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted). commencing May 20th. BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 1-45 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 8-33 cut, Train inconnection with steamers leaves Warrington (L. and N.W.) >A 9.55 a.m. Special Cheap return Tourist tickets : First-class and Saloon 235. 01. } Trains run Second-class and Saloon 18s. 6d. alongside Third-class and Fore Cabin Ils. Oil. steamers. No' Cab fates. No porterage charg, s. Passengers may break their journey at Grange, Ulverston (for the Lakes) Fur- ness Abbey,or Barrow. JAMES LITTLE AI Co , Barrow. LIVERPOOL, LLANDUDNO, BEALISLAY RIsSA.TILIAINEGGsOI(ts,,nd.e .ANl;MelltNepAtleti).BßlDGE. ST. Tunso" Leaves L'pool at 10 45 a.m., arrives back L'pool 7.30 p.m. (14tti June, leaves Liverpool 9.45 am., this day only.) P.s. "BONNIE rinscsSS" Three days a week, lit July to 29th August, from Liverpool. at 2 p.m. • PARES— lit Clive. 2nd Class. Sing. Bet. Sing. Bet. Liverpool and Llandudno 46d 65 6d 25 64 45 Oil Liverpool. Beamarls, Bangor and Menu i Bridge First Saloon Season Tickets £3 Wt. Monthly Tickets, from any date 1 10s. Weekly T. E. BARLOW. 20, Witter-*t. Liverpool. N.B.—SINGLE FARES for DOUBLE JOURNEY for Parties of Ten and over, during June (if arranged previous to day of sailing).

SCOTLAND.- ORDINARY RETURN TICKETS issued during the p-riod from the tat May.to 31st October, are avadable for two Calender Mouths. by OWL or BRAR, but are not transferable. If not used within the pre- scribed period they are cancelled. No allowance made for tickets lost, mislaid, or not used. STUAsf COMMUNICATION RSTWEEN LIVERPOOL AND GLASGOW. -44k14' cam/Lk° AT GREENOCK • The tirst<datp, full-powered Screw Steamer, OWL and BEAR are intended to sell from CLAItBNCIS DOCK (south-west side), Liverpool RA under, carrying goods and Passengers at terms stattd in Sailing Bills, to be bad trom Ilie Acent a. .1 DNB. From From Princes Landing Clarence Dock. Stage prompt. BEAR OW! TULTRSPAY, 15th 11 p rn. BEAR SATURII•Y, 17th 12 noon 3p m. ObbilfAßY FARES : Cabin (iucluding Steward's Fee) single, 12s. 6d• ; Return £1 ; Steerage, single,6s. ; servants in cat in pay full f .re. Children above two years, and under twelve years of age half there fares. , Cheap Return Tickets (valid for 10 days) Issued between Li verielol, Greenock. and Glasgow. Cabin, 15s. Steerage, Is. AGENT :—O. alit.). Burns. 30, Jatnaica-st., Glasgow, anti 10, Bernard at., Leith ; William Sinclair, Excise-1 inklings, Greenock; C. MACIVRII ,t CO. 64, and 65, Tower Buildings, Water-st,, Liverpool. Offices of the Bridgewater Navigation Company, Linalted.ana Old Quay Company, 41 Queen-st , and Water-st.. Manches- ter. or C. Maclver, 3: Co , Albeit-square, Manchester.

WALKING DAY AT THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT WALKING DAY SUITS FOR BOYS. WALKING DAY SUITS FOR YOUTHS. WALKING DAY SUITS FOR MEN. WALKING .DAY SUITS IN ALL NEW PATTERNS. WALKING DAY SUITS IN ALL NEWEST MATERIALS. WALKING DAY SUITS IN SCOTCH, WEST AND IRISH TWEEDS. WALKING DAY SUITS IN BLACK, BLUE, & BROWNS. WALKING DAY SUITS IN WORSTED SERGES AND VICUNAS. WALKING DAY SUITS READY MADE. VALKING DAY SUITS TO MEASURE. WALKING DAY SUITS FROM CHOICE PATTERNS. WALKING DAY SUITS all our own MAKE of GOODS, BUY NOTHING READY MADE. WALKING DAY SUITS the MATERIALS, AA., are all direct front the MANUFACTURER and made up on our own premises in Man- chester. (Jul STOCK will be found far tbe LAncittsr OF ANY IN WARRINGTON, both in STYLE AND VARIETY of MATERIALS at PRICES WITIIIN THE REACH OF ALL, WELL MADE, RELIABLE FOR WEAR, AND FINISHED equal to any GARMENTS made to MEASURE, at a much higher price. Established 1371. Employ over a Thousand workpeople. TRY THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 & 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

SANKEY STREET, 351 WARRINGTON. MAW SON AND Co. THE STANDARD TAILORS Are NOV' SHOWING some of the Choicest Des'gns in W OOLLEW GOODS for the present Season. We have lately adopted and are now cutting by the NEWEST AND LATEST AMERICAN SYSTEM, With great success, and are confident of giving every satisfaction in fit and style. EVERYGARMENT made under PERSONAL SUPERVISION

LADIES THIS FOR YOU TO READ. THERE IS NO PLACE LIKE HOME. And nothing in it looks more comfortable than a BRIGHT and CLEAN FIRESIDE. NO MORE BLACKLEADING REQUIRED. YOUR GRATES CLEANED IN FIVE MINUTES. USE LAWSON'S BLACK. Sold in Tins at 21d., EP. each. Full directions for use on each tin. All you ;Noire to use It with is LAWSON'S PATENT BRUSH AND HOLDER, Price 60. One Brush will last a lifetime. The end of the Holder being attached to the Brush forms a Shield to prevent the fingers being soiled with the black. LAWSON'S BLACK Is a pleasure to use. No Brushing. No Dirt. Your Orates and Fenders will always look equal to new. Will not burn off or blister only where the bars go red hot. SOLE MANUFACTURER FOR PATENTEE M. M. LAWSON, BOOTLE, LIVERPOOL. A large size Tin, with Brush and Holder complite, free per Parcel Post for Is. 4d. in stamps or postal order. Copy of unsolicited Testimonial. selected out of a number received. Hawthorne Villa, I.lllolorue, Micidleshro'. Oct. 29, 1892. Mr- M. M. Lawson, Liverpool. DEAR SIR,—I have used some oi this "Lawson's Block" on my drawing and dining room fire grates, which my husband brought me to try, with the object of saving the servants the tedious work of blacklending, and I think It only tight to comply with his desire to inform you that the trial has been most satisfactory in every respect ; not only is the saving in time reduced more than three-fourths, and the appearance of the grates much improved as compared to blacklead, but the brush and holder you heve introduced en- ables those who use it to do so without in any way blacking 11 or soiling their hands. I may also add that far the appear- ance has not been affected by the heat of the fires.—Yours respectfully, JENNIE DOVE. Ask your Teaman, Grocer, or Chandler for it. And See that You Get It.

WE ARE THE ONLY MAKERS OP LAWN MOWERS appointed by Royal Warrant Makers to H.M. the Queen and His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. GREEN'S PATENT "S I LENS M ESSOR " LAWN MOWER. WITH IMPROVED WHEELS AND SOLID-LINK STEEL CHAINS, AND NEW MONARCH. Take the lead of all others, and are the first, foremost, and best in the wor d. They have stood the test for upwards of thirty years, and have carried off EVERY RIMIEST PRIZE which has been given in all oases of competition. '1 hey are in roost tit use in all the Royal Gardens. They will cut either short or long grass, bents, Az., wet or try. EVERY ONE SENT OUT IS GUARANTEED to give entire satisfaction. Otherwise it may be returned at once Free of COST to the PURCHASER. They can be had of all respectable Ironmongers and Seedsmen in the United Kingdom,ordirectfrom the Manufacturers, THOMAS GREEN A SON, LIMITED, SMITHFIELD IRONWORKS, MOSES, and SURRhY WORKS, BLACK FRIARS ROAD. LONDON S.E. Carriage Paid to ell the Principal Railway Stations in the United Riiigdm, I Illustrated Price Lists,wltliTestirnorilsls. Free on Application. Beware of deceptive imitations. N.B.—ltepairs promptly done at both, our Establishments, 1 for the trade as we I as others.

T. WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANY, LTD. (Late John Zimmerley and Co., Ltd.). BUILDERS' MERCHANTS. AIIPLY STATION. WARRINGTON, VELINITELI. PENRHYN, msc CARNARVON SLATES. CEMENT, LIME, DRAIN PIPER, FIRE BRICKS, TILES. and every other kind of Builders' Materials kept in stock at our Arpley Wharf, or sent by road, rail, or vessel to any Town or Port 'tithe United Kingdom. SOLE AGENTS for the RUGBY PORTLAND CEMENT CO. Telephone No. 19. Telegraphic Address " Arplev." W'uton

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. HUGH FAIRHURST AND CO., (H. F. GBEEROUGH,) PHARMACEUTICAL CHEMISTS, Beg to inform their Customers ttat they hale REMOVED THEIR BUSINESS From 46, to 24 H ORSEMARRET STREET, (Opposite Skelton's Ltd.)

HALL'S My HATTER. THE CELEBRATED W. W. OR WEAR WELL MAKE OF HATS. MADE FROM PURE NATURAL FUR AND PURE LAMBS' WOOL. ELASTIC AND UNBREAKABLE, DURABLE, COMFORTABLE AND EASY PITT- ING AND PERFECTLY VENTILATED. FROM 2/6 TO 6/6 Made by TRADES' UNION workpeople in a Brit,lah Factory. To be obtained only from THE NOTED HAT SHOP. 1. MARKET GATE. WARRINGTON.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT CO. BRST BOOTS FOR EVERYBODY. See the new Styles in LADIES' LOW SHOES. UNDER THE CLOCK, WARRINGTON. UNDER TIIE CLUB, WIDNES. 20 BRIDGE STREET, EAR LESTOWN. THREE GOLD MEDALS FOR QUALITY.

/EAR P A 11 L'S / UNIVERS'AL SI ,' 69, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

, TRE EMPIRE TEA CO's . . . . NOTED TEAS i 9 ...,/2 i PER AT 2,-, , 24,,6 2, & 2/8 LB. WE GIVE ONE CHEQUE, Olt VALUE 3n. WITH EACH QUARTER-POUND TEA. , Purchasers or Cheque Holders have a ooetly and varied Stock of useful andornamental Articles tochoose from. , • Sheets, Tableek ths, Towels, ae. r,,, 43 Kitchen and Parlour Hugs, e 3 0 O E.l Door mats all sorts, o Floor and Table Oilcloths, Z 'g M t 4 o Ironware in great variety, tti 7:1 c 4 0 H Baskets, Brushes, &c., 0 cn tl Cutlery all sorts, ei. ti to . • o China, and Barttienoraro, rt rl. H Toilet Sets, Trinket Seta, ..7 0 (4 Lamps a large assortment, V -.4 Glassware all BOltil. !3/ H Vabeß and other ornaments ill great variety. Culinary articles too varied to enumerate. THE EMPIRE TEA COMPANY, 16, 11ORSIMARKET-STRBBT, WARRINGTON.

CRITCIILEY, THE NOTED TAILOR, FIRST QUALITY IN LABOUR FIT AND STYLE. SPECIALITIES. COVERT COATS, 40s. SUITS. 009. TROUSERS 16S. r7A DRESS SUITS I VS. J. C. haying a large stock of hte season goods, is offering same at greatly reduced prices. 6, BOLD STREET. WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1870. HANKINSON AND SON, AERATED WATER MANUFACTURERS, RUNCORN. Among their Specialities are REAL OLD-FASHIONED BREWED GINGER BEER., In Stone Bottles. 70LAKONE, containing the stimulating and sus- tainlngproperties of the Nola Nut. Beneficial to Athletes. BREWED HOP ALE (Non-Intoxicating). QUININE TONIC WATER, a Delicious Drink and a Splendid Restorative. SODA WATER, guaranteed to contain the ucuired quantity of Soda- Rim bonate. IN CORKED OR PATENT BOTTLES. SYPHONS SUPPLIED. IiANKINSON and SON guarantee their Drinks to be Free from all injurinue contam- inations, being periodically subjected to a strict analysis. Their Aerated Waters are of the Ilighebt Quality, and cannot be excelled.

TH IL LIVERPOOL ANIMAL SLAUGIITERINO AN I) PATENT MANURE COMPANY. LIMITED, SUPPLY THFC BEST MANURES 01 TILE MARKET Made from Bios& Pones, etc,, TO SUIT ALL CROPS. Price list and terms post free on application. P.S.—The best price given for demi and worn-out Horses, and removed on the shortest notice. Telephone, 1407. W. C. 110DGEINSMC, Managiog Director. 3, coningwond-street, Liverpool.

1D DES'S DANDELION C OFF EF. The hest and cheapest ever offered to the Public% Bold by all Grocers and Druggist*, In Canister 5.1., 104., and lr. td each Wtolesale by J CEDDee & 80i, Warrington.

I. . RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD. , ______ • , The monthly meeting was held at t he Town Hall, •on Tuesday evening. .31 r. J. Pritchard presicied, i end there were present Dr. McDougall, Ai,;,,rs, s. 1 Taylor, E. Imison, T. Handley, and U. Moss (clei k). SCIIOOL ATT ENDA SCE. . 1 ' The visitors had bean reported to the School Atten- dance Coinmitteis that during the month ending May , 19th, the number on the rohs was 3,700.. against 2,609- 'in the corresponding month last year. The average 1 attendance was 3,039 against 3,047 ; the percentage or : attendances was 834 against B.44,—The reports were I approved.

PRINCESS MAY AND THE' INSURED VICTORIAN. Several of the Victorians are down with influenza in, ' the temporary hospital at the Agricultural Hall in con- nection with the military tournament. The sergeant who broke his leg in two places in the musical ride has received a note from Princess May and a basket of flowers. It will be remembered that he continued after his accident to take part in ths ride, completing it all but the charge, for joining in which his compound frac- ture totally incapacitated him. TRADE RETURNS FOR: MAY. THE EBBING, - TIDE CHECKED. The Board of Trade retur- ns, issued on Thursday, show that the imports tor the month ended 31st May, were £38,836,951, against £35,035,738 for the corresponding , month last year, being an increase of £1,801,213 ; the I exports for May were £17.822,480, against £17,783,969, being an increase of £38,491 compared with last year. The imports for the five months ended May were £165,851,921, against £180415,394. in 1892. showing a decrease of £14,163,467. The exports for the five months amounted to £88,992,669., against £93790,684 in the corresponding period last year, being a decrease of \, £4,798,015.

A CIAXT.D. pEV ER END JOSEPH. HOLMES' improvPd Jj Mexican Prescription, Its discovered in the hot table- lands of Old Mexico, is a guaranteed cure to all those wh ) coffer from the errors aud Indiscretions of youth, netvous weakness, physical exhaustion, and early deeay. To intro- duce it into England, the Mexican Prescription will be to.nt tree of charge. -upon receipt of a self addressed stamped onvelope. Only address JOSEPH If oLtdss' Remedy Co.. Ploomsbury Mansions, Bloomsbury-square, London, W.C. nention this paper.

THE GREAT QUESTION OF TO-DAY Is WHY SHOULD I BE WITHOUT HOMOCEA when such men as Lord Carrick, Lord Combermere, H. M. Stanley (African Traveller), and F. W. C. Fegan (Boys' Home, Southwark), give their unqualified endorsement as to its value in piles and rheumatism, as well as in burns, bruises, cuts (they occur in my family); also for colds on the chest, toothache, and all akin diseases ? No; I won't be without it, but will keep it in my house ready for any emergency, when I can procure it from any chemist at is. 11d. and 2s. 9d. per box, or free by post from the Hornocea Company, 21, Hamilton Square, Birkenhead. Pamphlet, containing treatment of above and other complaints, can be had free by poet from the agency.

• Appointed by f,-- Soap Makers Special .. ~A.„.;,:..,;,,,\ i,,,„„ , to Her & '''... -II: ';l4'k Royal Warrant , :-.. , 44, -* Majesty the Queen; . ~._ c ::. .--,\ i • a7--,- •• ,„ uo`-‘,-;.• .;.:• ~. t/i)(,. /Pi 4- - \ ), ~ 1, ‘\ , II ' V p ; n'• •„, 6,. i,g,',:), 4 ,6":(7-v,N)7,•:,- 11,>r-^-:. ............--- -:„.---___rs,__7.L.1, - -f,..?.; o'l ---)' i,u,. ------- • ' ,i, ----- . ' , ._,.,, (4... \ r 'ff• • ... „._, kh 0 „......4,,:.. / \l\ •,-- - -...--, 55-TVIELL-1 111 (A'1;1:;'•+. /------ ( _,- _ ~,,....,.,,_., '..---' . •-----' 3------ -------- r I .*---'\ -, ___,.....- % - _.........---7---L \_____\ C.. - . -- - - --- -, -- -- --- __--- -----—-- - I 1 - - I i I L.. k. -._._.______ ---____________.__ -. '"-- 1-4- -------- -------r--=----------- . -----. .--_,----- e.).......0 cc.,...4 ~...-7...., , _, k _._„.. -----Z---Th------------ CH ILD RE N c....„..„._fi.../ ~.,.: ... ,_ ,-----.._,... ..„--,..__________ .-..._-_ ------ , -_. _ - are always in mischief, and constant washing is necessary to keep a child's clothes in anything like order. Relieve yourseltof this worry by getting a tablet of SUNLIGHT SOAP and proving to yourself that washing is no longer a task. SUNLIGHT SOAP will make the clothes look like new, and no labour on your part necessary. Once used, no mother will get along without it. A lady writes: "Being compelled to do my own washing, and being in delicate health it was simply 'killing me' by the old method and with ordinary laundry soap. By using the I yv, ~,, 1r IT 7 4.-7 -71,,,LT1 SOAP. I li IN L 44 Un , , -4. 0... • T ~ a I get my clothes beautiftffly N.'hite and clean, and without tiring /. &At in the least." _ _ _ -.. ................ it. a. ... ... ... .... _

WINDERM ERR. Till middle a July.— Ple,santly s:tuat‘d Villa Residence ; dining, drawing. and five bedrooms. bath room. excellent kitchens, linen end plate ; every convenience.—Owex, Reullura, Bowness.

XTHAIL PRNMAHNNIAWR.—TO BB TiCT, Furnished 11 HOUSE. by Fairy Glen, standing in its own grounds; two sitting, four bed rooms. pleasant home for artists.— Address Mrs. LEWIS, Riverstone, Dwygyfylehl, near Con- way.

J) TIOUGLAS. ISLE OF MAN.—Refined Christian Home. replete with every comfort, for boarders and private families ; select part of ba v. Terms reasonable.—Mrs. WES] ',Axe, Sea Level, Queeti's Pros enade. Accessible by t ams. AXE DISTRICT.—FIJRNISHRD APARTMENTS to Let, .IL4 two sitting rooms, four bedrooms one double, nicely situated, five minutes walk to Esthwaito Lake. fishing and boating to be had. —Apply Mrs. Jacasos, Regerground Farm, Haw kshead.

i'IOLWYN BA.Y.—" Home from Home" Boarding Bstabliall- V merit, stands in own grounds. near sea. drawing, smoke end music-rooms, library, dark-room. Board and residence. 1.75. 6d. to 255. per we k, including use of bathroom, &c.— Hrs. Brackstone, Plas-y-Coed.

I LIITTING and TWO BEDROOMS. unfurnished, very pleasant, good accommodation for visitors, parents wishing a change for their children will meet with home comforts, terms moderate.—Mrs. CASTWRIGIIT. WeEitMON3- land Villaa, Fairfield. Buxton.

DOUGLAS, LYLE OF MAN.—Warrington House. Empress Terrace, late Empress Drive, situated In the Centre of the Bay, Uninterrupted View of Sea and Headlands, t very accommodation for Boarders and Non-Boanh rs ; terms moderate.—P. Maui, Proprietor.

iirottfMoital. NIALB and FEMALE NURSES INSTITUTION, 70, Itope-st.. Liverpool. Beat,. 1878. For reliable ttonotants. M€ntal, Medical. and Monthly Num,. Massage, wolt, or telegraph. " Nurses." Liverpool. lilephone. 57.

Elamegtit Otrbantic, fcr. 000 D GENERAL WANTED. —Apply 29. Carlton-street, 1...7 Moss Bide, Manchester.

ITCATICX as Working floumkeeper. eight yktie refer- gond cook.—K.S.„ 33, Connell street, Vine-street, Malme, Manch.eter. Plain COok, communicant ;small family; Ti coMfortable home.—Mrs. TREVOR. Martdn Vicarage, R. 9.0.. Yorkshire.

urAwrim, Goo D GEINERAL COOK for Country Hold : V T • seld re erences.—Apply Mr. lavasar, Whittle Sprlnvi Hotel. Near Chorley.Laneashire. WANTED. clean, respec'able mitdle-agerl WOMAN. for • MAII gni -t family in the eountry.-3fra. BRADSHAW. Ilarkeeld, Fre.hfield-roncl, Southport.

OVERNI3-13.—Young lady desires re-engagement as 1,7 gns,rtless in private lunily; Knglish. French, piano- forte mtssic • gond reterenc•s.— Miss HOP/CENG, West Hallam Hall, near 6rrby.

GaNKHAL Servant.—Wanted, a respectable Woman (25 to 43)1s General Servant. In it small family; who can cook well: no washing ; good wage,; toy kept.—Address, Bliss SASDFORD, Market Dr.) ton. Wr ANS7I-1TATI702:11.8 ejo-,ciriennititd gmotTiceldiarnicalne'r,agpVeile4ioli, sittiati 'II 15 vea-s.leaving through removal.—C.lfaxesittaE, The Lodge, Park-lane. Xeighley. ANTIM, SITUATION as housekeeper, thoroughly exper'enca 1 hi management tiod practical knowledge of is,otin, and domesticated, min give references.—Address A.W. 12, Woodville Terrace, Breca-road, Liverpool.

1 ADY, experienee,i, domesticated, Watits etitaation as JL J liwisekeeper, where servaht is kept, or as Useful Com- panion to Lady ; salary moderate ; highest references.-- Address N., 1. Richmond Tema., Breek-road. Liverpool.

lirA NT ED, SITUIIA lON as Coachman nr Second in large Ntablisliment, thoroughly understands hunter and carriage horses ; single. age 30 ; height bft. 6in , weight 9st. ; good appearance ; three and a half years good character.— Adtireas W., care of Mr. Robins, Oaston-terrace, Nuneaton.

ivaltsbppc-Watt Ertatp. GEORGE JACKSON. Pa,WNBROKER, JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH, 59, Ann 61. CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS. FURNITURE. CARPETS. BEDSTEADS. and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS, and MUSICAL IN- SIRUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

T AD Y'S very handsome solid 1) GOLD GUARD, new 12 months Payments taken. ago, had very little wear, cost five E 2 10 guineas, splendid pattern. Only S.

UIRST CLASS English CONCEE- X TINA. Rosewood, 48 keys. Best Payments taken. leather bellows, made by "Zachenal and Co., of London," prize med snits In very handsome lock up polished wood case, velvet lined, quite new, 22 cost four guineas. senior _L S. P.

TUST FORFEITED. the "Victoria tl Select Library " containing 11 Payments taken. beautifully Bound Cloth Volumes, popular and Interesting works, per- 10 6 fectly clean.

ECOND-RAND, an excellent solid SILVER WATCH. horizon- Payments taken. fat movement, gold joints, splendid ease. Cost fifty shillings. warrantkd forthree years. Wonderful Bargain. 12s. 6n.

HAVING PURCHASED under exceptional circumstances a Payments taken. stock of first-elms quality LINO- LEUM twoyards wide. Choice selec- tion of patterns, usual price 4;6 per 13.1113. yard. our price per running yard is

FORFEITSD under special contract Gent's English SILVER LEVER, Payments taken. Centre Seconds Chronograph Stop WATCH, three-quarter plate move- ment, made by that celebratul maker " Pendleton of Liverpool." fully ad- justed compensating balance for accurate timekeeping. eve y action fully jewelled. Gold joints and out- side stop. Cost eight guineas nine months ago.will give stamped guaran- tee for ten years. Only oVoi t.l d. 6D.

AGIC PENS : write 1.00.000 words without Ink. Send for specimen. Agents wanted, enormous profits.— KORGE BITK Knaresborough. I ARGE PARCEL beautiful AUSTRALIAN ORCHIDS 1.1 posted on receipt 7s. eal, Post Office South Grafton, New Silting Wales.

0N SALE by rriyate Treaty, THREE CANAL BOATS, 621 t. long ; flat bottoms.--For particulars address Mr. TAYLOR, 250, Wallgate ; or RIDIMER and Sox, 49, Wall- gate Wigan.

rllO CATTLE DEALERS AND FARMERS.—For S4le OTle case of Robbins Cattle Spi:e. containing 138 shilling packets; price £3.—Apply J. McCommit, 21, Victoria-st., Liverpool.

PRESBRVATIVIC for Milk, Beef, Sawiages, &c, worth pounds ; sates manufacturers' profits ; recipe 2s. 7d. post free ; costs about 6.1. per lb.-1)171.1.0m Shamrock House, Ashford, Kent.

IMITHENWAIIR SSCONDS.—Number of good CHATS .11.4 to dispose of, consisting of Painted, Printed, Ac.—For price and further particulars apply A. H. Saistuaoox, 25. Church-st., Hanley, Staff.

SCOTCH WHlSKU.—Parties desiring really good Whiskey should send P.O. for 20s. for six bottles, car- riage paid to any part of England.—.BlcJennow and Co., Lockerble. N.B. Established 1825.

OUR BLACK AND BLUE WOOL SERGRS make splendid star. A full suit length, carriage p id for 10s.. 15s. 6d and IBs. 6d. Patterns fee.—A. L. LITTLEWOaD, Manufac- turer, Honley, Huddersfield. Mention piper.

TOHN LOWB, Fire and Thief-proof BAFB MAHER, bas ON t/ BALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-band ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. —3B. Albert-street, King-street West. Manchester.

etiIARAOTBRaI delineated from handwriting, or from sketelms or Impressions of hands, with lines in patms ; all question', wllllngl answered.—Fee Is.. for handwriting ;• Is. 6d. tor hands.—Mrt. BLAXISTON, Wareham. Darset. riIANICED NIITTING.—For preserving Fruit, Trees. rower 1 Beds, &c., from frost and blight. 35 square yards for Is. ; sent any width. Carriage paid on all orders over ss. Fixsitv Jonzt GABSON, Fish Merchant, Rye.

MANUFACTURER'S REMNANTS in Stuff.; Cashmeres, Prints, Calicoes, Cretonnes, Flannels. Shirtlnge. and Woollen Clothes. 10 lb. bundles cheap; price list free.—W. CLAIMSON, Merchant, 41. Swaine-st., Bradford.

80,000 s(g..mDe.raL. anzaterfs:mc,Aleinbraatt,eucl rs or Profei- sionals. MANCHESTER AGF:NCY it at 71, Oxford-at. (MI Sainte). Lista free. Second hand cameras !-ought or ex- changed.

rpo LADIES ONLY.—A remarkably succesoul preparat'on 1 for keeping !wiles' hair In permanent curl; imperts Ina OW, appearance. Weasant in use, and citCte harmless, In- expen.ive. Recipe with full Instruction,. 2.. 7d. P.0.—.51 N. LENOIRE, 8. Nom is-street. Lincoln.

RARE BOOKS —Peopho, illustrated. Is, 64. The Bride, ; Aristotle's Works. coloured plates. 352 paves. 2s. ad (valuable medical b,sok) ; many others : catalogues twn stamps; ix curious plio• os. Is.— 11 osmcritaL, Park Wings, Hornsey, London, N. Mention paper. DILES ! PILES! All out ward-P/f-R9 cured in two rr three dasfii with BODITY'S PATRNT ounmyrrr Testimonials from all parts Only one tri sl solicit..-4- Apply Mr. or Mrs. BODDY. , Queen's (lead Inn, Afanehester-rond. Bradford. Yorkshire. Boxes 1.. each, be post la. le.. ALKICWS SPECIFIC FOR Certain. safe and speedy remedy.. Beneficial to the general health. Cures constipation. Invainahie to ladies. In boxes, Is. lid , and fis. W., of most chemi-ts; by post Is. 3d. and 2s. 111 -J. WALKER; Manchester House. St. Augnstius'a-rond. Southsea.

rvNn DKAD. -Thoti.stids base een killed with Sanford's Poison. Huila ed. of farmers that have used lay it is tl e eat poison kni,wn as they flnd a lot f rats dead by using h. Post free is. 2d., 25.. 3s box, of SANFoRD and Sim Sany, B.ds. Send stamp and try it. Sold by diem!' s.

NOTTINGHAM LACF: kiAPP.S. SPLENDID SILK LACE CAPES 2a. 6u. AND 38. en. EACH. Carriage paid ; suprrior quality ss. lld worgh ]sa• thane quality guaranteed. Beautiful white •kitts, fuD size- trimmed deep lace, 2s. 61. ; trimmed with embroidery. 49.64.. good value. Carriage pail. WM. COTTON, Lace and Lace Curtain Vianufacturer, Weekday Cross, Nottin,bam.— Established 50 years.

BXTRACT OF lIRRBS for the mak- ing of HERB or BOTANIC BEER of the 'cry best klna it makes a very peasant nonintoxientink beer one tab'e spoonful will make ons gallon of splendi4. sparklinv, beer. A trial so'icitrd Sample bottle post free for 6 stamps, agents wantncl, send for price list to S. M. WARREN., 124, MERTON BANK-HOLD, ST. H 131,1078, LANCASIIIRR.

A WARDED FIRST PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide It Jubilee Exhibition, 1887, and Sydney Centenary Exhibition, 1888. —TO PICTURE PRAMB MAKERS A.ND DECORATORS. Cheapest House In Loticiox for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings —all the newest esigns. Two million feet always in 5t....3k, Veneered and fancy wood mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every description, oleographs,b.c. Further reduction in prises. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipping order,. Pull particulars in pattern book and catalogue (85 pages 410 demy revised for 1891) for 3d, stamps.—li. MuItELL, 17 and 18. Great St. Andrew-st., Illoomsbury, London. Telegraphic address " Rabbitry," London. Stock lists nod prices of glass monthly. free.

Co be let. HOUSE! TO LFIT, 60, likewsey-rod. Warringt,e, eight rooms, cellar, and wash liouse.—Apply 011 the pre- ails 8.

LET, PttEMISES, In centre ot Warnngton, suitable tor 1 small woekshops.—Apply Amos mid Woo, Solicitors. 66, Honosaarket-street, Warrington. - -------- _ _ - - - TO LET. House, Eagle Mount, fitockton Heath, /lent £lB. I Three bedrooms. parlout, sitting-room, kitelien,and other coo e noes.—Apply W. Boarocx, builder, Wildersp OW.

110 13H LICT.-110USE No. 11, Museum-at.. Warrington, 1 now in the occupation of Mr. C. B. Aylward as tenant thereof, for partlenlare apply to Mr. Thos. COWDELL, estate agent, N):_1. Mill-street, Market Place. Warrington.

II()USN AND GARDEN TO LIM No. 4, Saiisbury-st.. rent £25 81. per annum. Contains dining And drawing room, kitchen. do.. five bedrooms, w.c., and bath.— Apply Ginsoll arm SON, Church-st., Warrington.

SPalt6 bp Vrtuate Ertatp. CONTINUATION OF REDUCTIONS. OF THE RESIDUE OF STOCK, AND AT PRICES THAT MUST COMMAND AN ENTIRE CLEARANCE AT THE TEMPLE OF ARTS FURNITURE ESTAB- LISHMENT, 164 AND 166, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON. SIDEBOARDS. A few Splem did Sideboards from 4 feet to 7 feet at a reduction of 15 to 25 per cent, from the plainly marked usual prices. BEDROOM SUITES. Bedroom Suites from £5 to £BO, amongst which are some very handsome Suite in al- most every kind of Wood and decorated, at a reduction of 10 to 25 per cent, from the plainly marked usual prices. BEDSTEADS. Iron, Iron and Brs s, and all Brass Bed- stevds, at greatly reduced prices. CARPETS AND HEARTHRUGS, &c. Carpets. Hearthrugs, Floor Cloths Lino- leum, Matting., and Mats of every descrip- tion, and at very low prices. Beds and Mattresses of every kind made, and Bedding of all sorts. A I quality, and at prices that cannot fail to give satisfaction. CONTINUATION OF REDUCTIONS - AT THE TEMPLE OF ARTS, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON, B. W. MARSH. ESTABLISHED 1664.

THE GOLDEN BEE HIVE. THOMAS GREAVES. PAWNBROKER. JEWELLER. AND OUTFITTER. 69 and 71. CHURCH STREET. WARRINGTON.

Great Clearance Sale of Second-111nd Clothing during the Next Pew Weeks. '<no rniis •Reductions in Dresses, Skirts, and very des• cription of Women's wear. A large munber of Girls' and Children's Frocks, suitable for Walking Day. Dress Pieces and Ifenmants in all SMules. Juveniles Clothing a speeialiti,

Bolls' STRONG} TWEED SUI VS, quit.- new, from 2 11 BOYS' BLACK WORSTED SUITS, all sizes. from 6 11 Several other ranges of Boys' Snit sat espiaLy I ow prices Also several Do s' Second-h nd Stilts and odd Garments CIIEST, 3ft , Mahogany Polishe.i, 2 Small, 2 Large Draweri, very strong l7 0 GENTs' SILVER ENGLISH LEVER WATCH, superior fini.h made by E. Eustance, Sankey-street, Warring- ton. capped and j welled A great bargain £2 2s GUINEA GOLD WEDDING RINGS, New and Second- hand, in all sizes. from 9 11 LADIES' SECOND HAND SILVER WATCH, stamped cases, just forfrited, only 5 6

0— 3 9 HALF-DOZHN ELHOTHO TEA SPOONS, very bot Quality 0 3 9 0 2 11 SILVER SEAL PENDANTS, Sterling Silver, Hall Marked

0 9 6 SILVER ALIBIRT, Curb Pattern, and Stauiped every Link, a Bargain 0 9 6 1 5 0 Pair inf BUFFALO HORNS, in good condi- tion, 61t svross 0-12-6 KITCHEN DRESSER, oak painted. very strongly made, turned legs. sft. 61n. long, white top 3 drawers, special line

0 29 6 Real Dl•shogany PARLOUR CHEST. 3ft, high, 3 large two small • rawers with locks to each, will take highest polish. As genu- ine bargain at 0 15 6 Strong Iron FOLDING CHAIR ERDSTRAD with cushions complete will form chair, ono, h, or bed, to be sold for

Any of the Articles mentioned can be seen in Window Display at THE GOLDEN BEE HIVE. cituncii STREET. •

- itarneoo, toroos, eartO, gap, Su lIANDSOME light BAY MARE, 6years. about 16-2 band.. quiet and stylish mover.—Apply Mr. POWSALL, Si:- smith Farm. Sankey.

DROUG HAM. one eircuia, fronted DOUBLR BROUGHAM ruitable for privste gentleman. can be seen before rle ng repainted ; &No cne suitable for tand in thorough repair. - SPANN, Coachbuilder, Warrington.

To BI SOU), Chew ?toad OMNIBUS to etrry 30 p tareer- i. gers, several Broughqms, Landau,. Side Light Coaches, suitable for wedding or funerals; Waggonett,s. Dog Carts. Gig.. dm. ; a'so two or three small WAGGItItINTTES to hold six, one with head. Hearses. Mourning Coaches. and &loon Funeral Busse..—Apply W. H. HAIGH, Hecleeall-road. Sheffield.

f_loo PE R AND SIMMONS COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock to select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best work only. Several Good Seeond-Hand Broughams. Landaus. Victoria,. Tagonettes. and Phertons. now for Sale or Hire.

- Voultrp, ecr. ' lewd' raagnifi..ent pen of prize winning Silver .1:4 Spangled Hamburghs. 33. pr thirteen ; guaranteed tertile.--Jotiti C. Marrusws, Palgrave Hall, Swanam, I Norfolk. lIILACK MINORCA BOGS, Hopkins and Hunters, soted I layers and prize strain ; aldo white leghorn. Ringwood and Bradbury. prise s rain, only 2d. 6.1. packed. JOSEPH EMMETT, 304, Rarle-st., Rerlestoivn. 1-14 GGS FOR STTTING. Black Minorca Butterfields Hop 121 king. Dark Hralrna Cooks Derryd, White Leghorn Butterfield° ail at 3s. pi- sitting. Silver Gray Dorking Berrys Maj ma 45., first cross 2s. per sitting; ...Werth° replaced.— PET ER Favtgaza. Granville Cottage, Walkden, near Bolton.

10/2 3s. 6,1. I will send packa,ge free, carriage paid. 13e fr..m ure black Mlnorcas. Glitibon's strain ; these fowis are correct in all points, of iarge size, and excellent layers of immense thick shelled eggs, unlimited grass run ; special offer. 39 eggs for Ss., 65 eggs for 12s. 6.1.-3,115 s BRAITRWAITg Surrox, Alford, Lincolnshire. --- VW/B.—Lemon-create lavender Poland.. , Nothing can approach these birds for their intense beauty and rarity. very barrly and wonderful layers,the same as I have supplie'd Hampton Court Palace, the Countess of Aylesford, giving the kreatest pleasure and satisfaction. Nggs warranted from my best pen. 255. for 15 eggs, fertiIe.—WELLUSGRAM, Stow Becton Hall, Attleboro'.

QITTING OF HIGH CLASS RGGS.—ltlacc Minorca We er's and Abbot's champion and challenge ctilp combined sins ns, sliver grey dorking, Cres well's strain ; black red game, Cephin Beaton's strain ; Mysiiury ducks, Digby's strain. No p. ivate pens. Guarantee all the same, I leitch from Prolific layers and handsome specimens, none better. Reduce from ss. to 3s, 64. sitting. Two sittings 6s. —E. Cnoses. Roche, Cornwall.

1-11(IGS FOR SITTING. —Single and Rose coml ed Orping- li ton's golden and silver Wyandotts. light Brahma.. 4.3.; dark Brainnas. lioudans, brown and white Leghorn., Lang- Minns, l'iymoutl. Rocks, Blue Andaiusians, Minor° $ golden pencilled Hairiburgs, 3s. 61. ; No. 2 pen Minot ens, black rose combed Bantams, white rose con.bed Bantams. Duck eggs, 2s 6d. per sitting of 13 eggs. Sitting mixed to suit Customers, 'infertile eggs replaced if returned e,irriage paid. The above pens have been mated with birds from some of the best ysrds Bugland to produce good layers. Inspection invited. No eggs ,sola an Stuhiya.--Joas BuMeaneoN, Poultry-yard, Ciiak. near St. Helen., Lancashire.

FOW 1, CORN, MORT WHEAT, DARt„ BUCK WiIHAT; anti GALASZ CORM. , ‘.l UARTER & SON, 0" OIL N IMALBII.S. W•RIIINGTON.

ZirpritcS, Saffstnttteis, srt. WRINGING MACHINES. by all be makers. Sewing machines by Bradbury and others. Agent for the Quinton. Coventry Cycles, and the Special of Salford. best discounts in town for caeh.—W. FURNIVAL, 78 linutaford-id., Warrington.

SAFETIES! SAFETIES!! SAFETIES! ! ! Write for most complete List in the Trade. Post Free, con- taining over 500 New sad Second-h4nd Machines, all of the latest patterns. Machines from 255. theepest and Best in the World. Trade supplied 5) per cent. cheaper than other makers. Large List Post Free. W. R. WARRILOW. RBGENT CYCLR WORKS, WRSTON-SUPER-MARR.

- - MASON'S CYCLE CO.. LTD. 71, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. THR BEST MACHINES, WITH PNEUMATIC TYRES, PROM £ll 11e. EACH. REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. A. MASON. MANAGER. NOTE NEW ADDRESS.

SLADES GOOD VALUE CYCLES, BALL BEARINGS to all larts including head and pedals, finest quality, steel tube, di.mond frame, beautifully enamelled and lined. ' A written guarantee with every machine. put CR { With latest pattern Pneumatic Tyres £l2 10s. With best quality cushion Tyres £9 ss. Made in Coventry, the home of geninue Cycles. Only addrws : SLADES, 73, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

HUMBER'S NEW SHOWROOMS. The world-famous Humber's Mouse in Liverpool is now 73, Bold-street. Their Specialty for 1893 is a marvel ef lightness and strength. fitted with the latest pattern tyres at £l2 15s. cash. To all purchasers of this Machine the Return Railway Fare from Warrington and neighborhood allowed. 73. BOLD-STREET, 73. LIVERPOOL.

TDB OLD-ESTABLISHED BASSINETTE WAREHOUSE. Beware of spurious imitations. The best and cheapest Carriages In the town or district. (No connection with any other firm of the same name.) 'VV. ASHTON, 74, Sankey-fit., Warrington, manu- facturer of Bath Chairs, Bassinettes, Rustic Car- riages, de., of the best materials and workmanship, on the premises, under personal supervision. Well-finished Bassiuettes from 255., warranted to run strAight. Mail Carts, Tricycle Horses, Doll Carriages, de Agent for Sewing Machines, Wringing and Washing Mae- tines. WORKS ;---BBAMONT-STRA

BELSIZE, IIiWELL'S, WHITWORTH'S, TRENTS, REFEREES. HUMBRR and SYMYER, CRYPTO'S, COVENTRY CROSS, GROSVRNORS, STAIiS, and maker of the celebrated HARDIN CYCLES. The largest Stock in the North to select from. Every machine warranted for 12 months. Cycles made and repaired on the premises. Solid- tyred Safeties convertml into cushi us from 30s. The trade supplied and agents appointed. CALL and SICE HARDIE'S HUMBER-PATTERNDIA- MOND FRAME 1893 (Dunlop or other Pneumatic Tyres) Weight from 301h6., for RIO 10s. Warranted for 12 mouths. Cycles supplied on the easy payment system. HAIIDIE, Cycle Factor, 80, Renshaw-st.. Liver- pool, acid 288 and 29). Regent-road, Salford.

THE RUDGE LEADS ALL CYCLES. CLGEHAFeIFuLL IS _TN INCIREIssTNESASN,D ECITHCY MECHANICAL BEAUTY, Fully quipped it Is the we ,therdefyMg mount of the tourist ; stripped, the lightning cycle of the read races. Can be had on the easy payment system, or good terms for cash. Bend for Price List free. and give your order at once to save delay, to the largest and oldest cycle firm in the warm. RUDGE CYCLE CO., LTD. 101, BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

CYCLES ! CYCLES ! ! IF YOU WANT THE FASTEST MACHINES IN THE WORLD AND THE BIGGEST DISCOUNTS, OR ANYTHING IN THE CYCLE LINE, CALL ON THE BURTON CYCLE COMPANY, KNUTSFORD ROAD, WARRINGTON. A SPECIAL LEADING PNEUMATIC TYRED SAFETY: £ll 10s. This is a High-Class Machine, none of your Wplverhampton rubbish.

CYCLISTS. DON'T BUY RUBBISH with fancy names, and made of common metal or gas-piping : They are only made to look at, not to ride. Many have found this true, to their sorrow. and a lighter pocket during the last season. Buy a Reliable Mount from the Manufacturer, made of the Best Weldless Steel, Guaranteed, you then SAVE AGENTS PROFIT And obtain the Extra Discount yourself. Send for List or Call and Inspect our Stock. Re'urn Pare allowed ?o Liverpool to Purchasers. Our Machines cannot be surpassed for Originality Excellence and Trutt worthiness, and can be had ocs. our new GRADUAL PAYMENT SYSTEM. GRAND VALUE. DUNLOP PNEUMATIC DIAMOND FRAME SAFETY Ell 118. OD. QUADRANT CYCLE DEPOT, 69, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Inarbintrpt am, on bait. , IRON FENCING, SHEEP and CATTLE HURDLES 1. Don't be misled by special advertised offers, but before buying write for our Illust rated Catalogue, free on applica- tion. Dermas Jos' & BAYLISS, Iron Fencing manufao- 'direr., Wolverhampton. London Office and Showrooms, 139 is 141, Cannes Street,. London. A 8-HORSE PORTABLE ENGINE for sale or hire,and all ki ade.of meibiuery for .a..—Jouw BONNELL, LOUgfOM. street, Warrington.

QAW BENCH,. with tirng motion and saws £l6 ; Saw 1,7 1101,ch end hand baW fr %me combined. £l2 ; general joiner, with saws aal book, 15v Robinson £l5; thickneseing machine, niu. cutter b'ook, £2O.—GMERNWOOD'S 39, Nuttali- sc., Rochdale.

IiYEW MACHINE TOOLS. ready for delivery; six radial 1.I• drilling machines, 3ft. 61n., 4ft. and 51t. radius ; slott- ing machine. 10iii. stroke ; single-speed horizontal milling machine witlrdividing apparatus ; screwing machine, tram iti. tollin. ' • Elm" n's prfweiple.—J. KLY. Oldlield Machin- ery Stores, Salford.

T. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS LIMITED (late Ormerod, Grierson, and Co. Limited). Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade. and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS, Millwright. and all kinds of Hngineeeing Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appll cation.—Telephone 229. PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. . Have in Reek read); for Immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from DO to 16 diunneser, 0 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Pull psalm:Jars on application.

I3ATENT OFFICE, MANCHESTER, N4TABLIS/IFLI) IN 1835. Messrs -GEORGE DAVIES it SON have had more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Estabilah- mentc, and poeseaa practical knowledge of re-cotton, woollen, and fron mannfactures. "Srfif-faelp to the New Patent Law." price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patetlt Lawt. price 13. Gliololll DAVIRS. CAL. & BON, F.1.P.A., 111.8. A„ 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

AWARDED OVER 370 FEVER MEDALS. BRADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY - APPROVES LAUNDRY & DAIRY MACHINXRY. COMPLETE OUTFITS FOR HAND AND STEAM POWER. Car.,l,,gues Free Coruespondence Invited. THOMAS BRADFORD A CO.. 130, BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL,;; VICTORIA-AVENUE. MANCHESTER; Also SALFORD and LONDON.

&aim bp suction. Telephone: No. 55. ROBERT LOWE. ESTATE A.G.HNT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers, AUCTION ROOMS—No.I Bank Street I Warrington. AGENT TO—Sun Fire and Lite Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Associttien Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boiler Insurance Company, Lin.lted, Established 1864.

£l5 to £l,OOO ; interest E 6 16s. per £10.). Prospectus bee. South Lancashire Company, 27, Brazennose-st, Manchester.

£75000 At from 4 per cent., Tnist and other Moneys, to be advanced en Mortgage in sums to suit borrowers, in any part of the country.--J. W. READER. 5. Cook-street. Liverpool.

------ - ANY RESPECTABLE PERSON who Is in want of money should apply to the under-meutioned. Sums of £3 up- wards advanced at a few hours notice. Strictest privacy observed wMther money advanced or not. Interest and repay:: ents at a low rate. Am ly. In strictest confidence. p3rsonalty or by letter to:—W. B. MOREWOOD, 60, New Cross-it., St. Helens, or 94, IVidn s-road, Widnes.

A LADY HAVING- CASH at her dispos,f, is open to make Temporary Ca h Advances of ES and upwards, in con- fidence, to respectable housel olders, who wish to avoid the usual unpleasantness and routine of a loan office; no sureties are asked for, and habitual borrowers need not apply Apply personally, or by letter, Mrs. MOKEROOD, 94, W.slnes- read, W.dnes.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANCED. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO upwards on BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now being lent annually. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy-st.. Manchester. ESTABLISHED 1870. - WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. MR. ZORN R. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES FRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working Ynen, and all respeet able iic useholders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, withont public enquiTy, on your simple written prentise to pay back.—Apply et VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (toot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGTCN at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, any Evening from 6to 7. Applications from RUNCORN an,. District generally receive precisely the same attention.

MONEY, MONEY, MONEY. LOANS £5 TO £5OO. May be bad on day of application. If it Is inconvenient to call, all letters will iI3V6 our prompt attention. If you want to Start in Business. If you want to Pursue your house. If you want to Pay your Debts. If you wan to Increase your Stock. If you want to Pay your Rent. Repayments to suit Borrowers. Strictest privacy. guaranteed. No Bill, of Sale. No Sureties. No Fines. No Loan Office routine.—Apply to R. N. W EBB Eli, 8, DURNING ROAD, off Wavertree Road, EDGEDILL, LIVERPOOL. Near LONDON lc NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY STATION,

ONEY LEST by a PRIVATE CIESTLEMAN AT A FEW HOURS' NOTICE, UPON NOTE OF HAND ALONE, Without /3.nk or Lcan Office Routine, From RIO to £5,0 0. To LADIES, and GENTLEMEN, HOUSEHOLDERS, and to PERSONS in receipt of a regular income or Bala y, without sureties. UPON NOTE OF HAND ALONE, and to assist persons into business ; also upon the security of Reversions, Life Annuities, Life Interests, Life Policies, plant, sink. shares, in town or country, without removal, also on deeds and life policies at 5 per cent, from one to 15years. No publ c inquiries whatever, only a few hours' notice required to carry no all advauces.—Apply personally or write to the oce nit lender. W, STEWART, Esq. 2, Cooper-street, Manchester. ALL COMMUNICATIONS STRICTLY PRIVATE, and CONFIDENTIAL. Principal can remain at interest. No secu Hies required. No genuine application refused. Having a large surplus capital at command, all advances are granted cheaper than auy other establishment in Lan- cashire. N.B.—STRICT SECRECY OBSERVED.

CAPITAL Two-manual ORGAN; fine rich tone,' oplenclid pitch pine c.ise.—ALEx. Yo UNG Boss. organ. builders, Eldon-it., Manchester.

J. AV. TEMPERLEY, MUSIC SELLER, 31, LOWLAND'S ROAD, RUNCORN. PIANOS, ORGANS, VIOLINS, &c. Tuning Rad Repairs. All kinds of Fittings in Stock. Arrangements made for Pint-Class Orchestral Band and Pianists. PIANOS on HINE and on HIRE-PURCHASE.

pADEREWSKI says: "Play only on an Erard wherever obtlinable. ERARD. Ntakers to the Queen, 18, Great Marlborough-it.. Regent-Rt, pADEREWSRI says "Play only on an Erard wherever obtainable. ERARD. New Parisian MoiLiels now being exhibited° pifiEREWSHI says : "Play only on an Erard wherever obtainable.

Mutation. LADI'ES' SCHOOL,,NIELCH ET HOUSE, LYTHAM. --rrichtstvis terms., special for ch rgv, references to arents, vacaNcy or artlelta Impil.—Principals, the Misses. HA LAIIT (Miss. S. Halket,L.L.A.)

ALADY reqwires two little boys of good family, to prepare firm (Wage; sound edocation ; languages, music, drawing ; happy country home; 25 guineas each per annum.; no extras, highest references exchanged - MATKR, The Hermitage, II neltun 4. Boeworth, Rugby.

OLARBMONT, MOUNT EPHRAIM - ROAD, STRE&TH4IIP, LONDON. PREPARATORY SCHOOL for the Sons of Gent ernes). (Xstabfished 1881.) Tutor a B.A. London. Principal—Miss JULIA GRIFFITHS. Prozpeotus on Application.

QT. GEORGES SCHOOL, (Catholic), Brampton, 10 Huntingdon, (It hours from King's Cross). A thoroughly Profeesional or Commercial Eduction provided , at a moderate peassion..—Address The PRINCIPAL.

REPARATION FOR PRELIMINARY PRO- PEISSIONAL EXAM- —Comfortable Home ;summate • 1 French. or German ; French gener dly spoken at home ; pro- 'spectue.—Jous NV namos, (Lond.) Bacup. rrEIE MARLING ENDOWED SCHOOL, SIROUD. (Thalamus of Goeerrors Sir W. If. Marl!ag, Bart. School Fees. 2 —23 a Teem ; Boarding Fees, ma) 230 per Annum. Boys au4rn,ltesl at any period at Pro; ortianato Fees. For particulars apply,—W. .7. UREENSTIUMT, 2.A., Head. master.

WtDNES ACADEMY OF MUSIC. PRIVATE LESSONS. SELECT DAY AND EVENING CLASSES. PIANO. OINIAN. MAIOIOEII.IE', VIOUN, VOICE PEI/DUCTION, HARMONY. COUNTERPOINT, COMPOSITION. THREE PEER SCEOLARSI/IPS Tenable one year. TA,letv-tbeee certcates and prizes Vet by stude*s dust ea .the yeas 891. Pro‘peetna on Anplientirrin to Tllli PRINCIPAL,

MANDOLIN, GUITAR, ZITHER, and B&W°, taught, !.y PROFESSOR ENNIS and SlitiOßA PAN MlL—Address Victoria Chambers, Widnes.

T EOMAS LEA, CONFECTIONER AND WHOLESALE BREAD B.—iro - CHURCH-STREET, RUNCORN, Begs to inform hi. numerous patrons that he ha. just opened, as a Branch Establishment, the Sholh 38, HIGH-STREET. RUNCORN, with high class confectionery and fancy breads. Orders will 'receive prompt attention.

COLLIER'S BREAD Is prepared from CAREFULLY SELECTED noun. 1111 Produced from the FINEST CALIFORNIAN WHEAT.' Caretully made by Experienced Bakers, is ABSOLUTELY PURL And delivered daily to all parts of Runcorn and Orders to be left at 6, Church-st. The Largest Trade in Town. Over 2,400 Loaves sold' week. WALTER COLLIER, 6, CHURCII-STREET, RUNCORN. NEW SPRING GOODS. - MILLINERY, HATS, BONNETS, JACKETS, CAPES. DRESSES, Ac. SEE WINDOWS, JOHN SUTTON, 18. MARKET-ST. WARRINGTON.

powELL's WAREHOUSE. —POW ELL'S W 110BSB, New Beginners, Drapers, Shvkeepers, Should Visit our Warehouse, and see foryourselfro The Grand Display of Stock to choose (rem At Lowest Possible Prices. ocia Piaafores, Shawls, Laces, Braids, Smallwares. Si Handkerchiefs, Shirts, Ribbons, Jerseys. Button,. Aprons. Collars, Cuff*, Fronls. &c. . 7 THOMAS POwELL, 81, UPPER HIGH-STRERT, 12 Boors from Shudehill Market, MANCHNSTOII4 JAMES V Vir ILLIAMS, CHAIR AND CABINET MANLTFACrIJRER, r 28 and 28, GEORGE LEIGII-STRBET, AID 37, GREAT ANCOATS STREET, MANG/1051 Cheapest HOUSE In the Trade. BerAnctew ED 1325.

BREAD. teArl°' MOST IMPORTANT FOR CHILDREN AND IN-0 AND ALL WHO REQUIRE STRENTHENIS FOOD. ALL WHO VALUE HEALTH SHOULD VSO TR ITICU N 1 INA (PATENT) ENTIRE WHEAT-MEAL MALT BREAD' Most Nourishing and Digestible on account of the CO' of the starch of ths grain under this proces3. b 416 The " LANCET' says •—•• We have no,, examlged sO specimen of bread, or one.that approaches more closeli ideal."-201h August, 1892. IDtlf Doctors strongly recommen- d this Patent WITRA-- 5. BREAD for general use. A. PERFECT BREAD OF HEALTH, 4.i. and 2d P° CAN ONLY BE HAD FRO- M THE mANUF—UE - KIRKLAND BROS.' BAKERS 10 THE QUEEN. LORD-STREET AND BOLD-STREET. AND LIVERPOOL VIENNA BAKERY. HARDMAN STREET. LIVERPOOL. TRITICUM INA FOOD. SOLD BY ALL CHEMISTS IN LivErepool. 6.1. and 14. per Ti.

• BOY DELL BROS., VIII LEADING TAILORS. - Alna Are now showing a splendid selection of West of 1111,07001 utd Scotch Tweeds, Overcoat! nga, Ao., suitable for A 50s. f and Winter Seasons. BUSINESS sSUITS. 50a. UITS for the .Moons. An Endless Variety of TROUSERINGS 135., 16s. 6(1.. ac. Special attention given to Evening Dres'' Porfect Fit Guaranteed MB. respectfully invite inspection. 37. BRIDGE-STREET, WA RRINGTON• 0. Illair Also at MANCHESTFR, LIVF.RPOOL. and ST j

T,rANT HE ONLY RELIABLE 1)/SIINFEv. coo prevention of Smallpox. Peva7a se.. it CA'"; ,L, 00 6 CARBOLIC ACID. The qualOy now adoPte' ;00. nANDARD DISINFECTANT by the Russian, a° British and Indian Governments. 6d. Tip° Sold in Is. and ls. 6d. Bottles. 2s, Okk, 4s. and 6.. by raost chemists, &c. F. C. CALVIIRT AND CO., DANCHESTOB' Awarded 60 Gold and Silver Medalleand Diplom,----- DIZ. SCOTT'S BILIOUS AM/ LIVER line. Tkre Safest Medic .D.U. SCOTT'S DILLS Cure Indigestion, en 143. SCOTT'S .FLLs frooin. Cur,. Nervous Der iy. SCOTT'S piLis ApPe"' . 0. Restore ki the DR. L'COTI"S pILLS 13104. Purify the • DR_ sCOTT'S fILLS -a- Strengthen' Who Siete. Dlt. SCOTT'S pILLS • ly gediel The Beet Band DR.. SCOTT'S pILLS t. frectul,4. r. MIA but 13 rod, do v B. SCOTT'S BILIOUS AN•II, L1VE8,,,. brie wrapped in a square green package. "r r"- . name of bhe proprietor. W. LAMBERT ta sero-;,a-r , London, W. by post for 14 or 34 stamps. .........„,„.......* ' --- . , THE EXAMINEF. 4. . . SATURDAY, JUNE ,104, 160. .

SPECIAL OFFER. 12,000 A. LUSK AND CO.'S Is. TINS AT ncl. PER TIN. EXTRA QUALITY APRICOTS, 14,500 SPECIAL QUALITY Sd. TINS STEAK SALMON AT 7d. PER TIN. HENRY MILLING & CO, LTD. . WARRINGTON.

CYCLES, CYCLES, CYCLES.-The largest and best selected stock of HIGH CLASS MACHINES, viz., Premier, St. Georges New Rapid, Excelsior, Suubeam, Lion, the Elk. dtc Ac., an view at JOSEPH S. GARLAND, BRIDGE STREET. SHOW ROOM, WARRINGTON; BEANCII—EARLESTOWN. All offered for cash 0 exceptionally low nri”es—or may be had on the easy payment system. Prices 5 Guineas to 20 Guineas.— See Windows. A few shop soiled Machines offered very cheap.

COOp • .AL*- ~c rn J.ACOB•_.

MA N HOOD! .Flow Lost How Regained! Invaluable RenaArs for Young and Middle. Aged Men. THE, COIf . OF of - KNOW THYSELF. Or SELF-PRESERVATION: A little work in brief ors NERVOUS and PHYSICAL DEBILITY, ERRORS off YOUTH, EXHAUSTED VITALITY, PREMATURE DE'- CLINE, and all ACQUIRED DISEASES, and wEan..-- NESSUS OF MAN, their aidfSk and CURE. FIVE MINUTES spent in the perusal of this littio book with teach the reader morethan five days spent in any book written on this subject, because the books written on this subject are so full of mystery, what with Latin phrsass an& fancy words, that it is impossible for anyone to make any sense of them, excepting those who have had really a first- class education; and they are but little understood by any excepting the persons who wrote them. This little work wilt be found brief, precise & void of unnecessary Teading,and hIl meet fully with the requirements of the times inasmuch as it is extracted , from th e tbeoon kbywrimte- entitled— F-0. LISJ •'• ' • - AR :tS ALL SHOULD READ IT. If there is no cause for treatment it should prove a safeguard to the inexperienced and instructive to the WISE; consequently IT CONCERNS YOU and will be sent you lin. der COYEIt and SEALED, for Three Penny Stamps. Address—GovLD's LABORATORY, Bradford, Yorkshire. , Anvica FREE BY La-rrkn. .• Dvi. CoPYRIOITI

SILVE.t MEDAL, Et.ilNßeltEH, 189/ GOLD MEDAL, JAMAICA. 1891. GOLD MIDAL, D sitar, 1881. COLEMAN'S WINCARNIS, OR LIEBIG'S EXTRACT OF MEAT AND :MALT WINE. WINCARNIS Is 1.1. e New Name Reeisterei to Prevent Fraudulent Imitations, , OVER TWO THOUSAND Unsolicited Tettiminials have teen received from Medical Men. IMPORTANT UNSOLICITED TESTIMONIAL FROM Dr. MATTHEWS. Dereham-road, Norwich. • Dereham-road, Norwich, June 13th, 1892. Gentlemen,—You have been kind enou,th to send me several free orders for your " Wincarnis." and it has given much relief to several who were in a dying state—they could take the " Wincarnis "when everything else was rejected, I am now begging thefavour of asking you if you can do a w.vk of malty in- giving a pocr dying man some of your • IVinearids." It has kept him tip some weeks. He is suffer- ing from an internal cancer. His meant. are all gone. Frienes and his family have purchased two large blttles weekly— They cannot afford him more. Ile has had the most expen- aiv wines, butnothing suits him likc the" Wincarnis." The caseis urgent. Tha gentleman has filled an important posi- tion in this county,but his means are gone.—Yours fait/16111y, W. MATTHEWS. Messrs. Coleman and Co., Limited. VV INCARNIS Is sold by all Druggists, Wine Merchants, and Patent Medici e Vendors. " Ask for COLEMAN'S •• WI NCARNIS.” or LIEBIG'S EXTRACT OF MEAT AND MALT WINE, and see that the word WINCARNIS is on the shoulder of the bottle, If there Is any difficulty in getting the Wine, write direct to the Manufacturers, who will forward Sample Pint Bettie Free by Pot on receipt of 33 stamps. „ Doz. It flail 30a. Sole Manufacturers I 1-10LEMAN & CO.; "Auld, Et. George'a and Bank Plain, Norwich; and 3, New London-et., London, W.C. Sole Proprietors of " Ozm zon," tile New Beef Tea, and also Coleman's Crown Imperial Invalid Skutt which Is strongly recommended by the Medical Faculty.

£7 CUSHION. e€B 10s- PNEUMATIC TYRES. LATEST PATTERN. , Every Machine LAAjAXtliff\ GUARANTEED. Illustrated Lists Free. M. HAY N ES S M IT H. Nei 4e- i\ti, 7, Strathallan Terrace, I Dowanhlll GLAGOW.

FRANCIS TIORTON AND COMPANY LIMITED, HAMILTON IRON WORKS, GARSTON, near Liverpool. - Invite Inquiries and Reference to tileir NEW CATALOGUE,

"To ease the anguish of a Torturing Hour.'!—Shakespearc. ALLCOCK'S CORN PLASTERS Give immediate and ' permanent saericf. But you must get ALLCOOWS.

No IN T AND GATE DEPARTMENT. F. M. & Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE £4 IRON FENCES now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroait, is being continually Improved upon to meet extended requirements, and complete informs, tion is supplied on application. RAIL/ NGs FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KETALS, 4C. ORNAMENTAL lIIGH-CLLSS GATES, TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, rqatisions, Villas Ea STRONG FIELD GATES, FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS, &c. HURDLES NETTING AND AND TREE GUARDS, WIRE WEK, T—TF43 BAR IRON FENCING, Fitted with F. M. & Co's Selfteckilg Joist. LONDON OFFICE: 17, VICTORIA ST., Westminster, S.W.

ONE POUND OUT OF EVERY THIRTY POUNDS OP TEA

BROOKE, BOND & Co. Think of the millions of men, women, and chil- dren in our teeming land and then realise that Brooke, Bond & Co. supply one out of every thirty In those myriads with Tea. THAT FACT IS THE BEST PROOF OF VALUE. WE DO NOT FEAR COMPETITION, and we court comparison, for our position is trapreguahle. WHY BECAUSE we buy far " cash " and sell for " cash" many million pounds of Tea every year; so we can sell and do sell every pound for the smallest profit. We deal in TEA ONLY. It is plain Indeed that a firm which devotes all its attention to Tea alone must give the Public the best possible value In Tea. Our gigantic business has been established twenty-three years, our reputation is so high, and we have altogether so much at stake that we are thus bound by the best and surest of all guaran- tees to do the utmost passible for the Public and for you. WILL YOU NOW TRY THE TEA ITSELF? It Is sold in One-pound, Half-pound, and Quarter., pound Packets. Each is prepared and sealed by us at our own Warehouses, and bears our Signature and celebrated Trade Mark of the double-tr:angle or six-pointed star. OUR AGENTS draw their supplies constantly from us, and they sell exactly the same Tea at the same prices as at our celebrated warehouses. 11/-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 2/.-, 2/4 or 2/8 per lb. WE ARE GLAD to receive applications for Agencies In this District from energetic trades- people. Selling our Tea is already a regular annuity to thousands of enterprising men and women. BROOKE, BOND, & CO., LIMITED, 17, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER, AND AT LEEDS, BRADFORD, AND LOSLN.

(2::p. rz,„„------ • ',, ..,_ 'it t, j 1,411 -•,... 1 ":"" it:i '•• ' 44+ "Cflp - ' 71 -"',•' 14, r j • r niiikl • ':sl L 1/9543

-..-

GRATEFUL EI,I, s S COMFORTING. lIREARFAST OR EUPPER c 0 A BOILING WATER OR MILK

K KATI POWDER" This powder, so e‘dchrate.l. is "erectly narly.d:edlts deitroviOg 13cnis:, FLKAS, .319T45, BE.HTLIii, and all ToseAS (whllit perfectly h•rm'ess to all animal life). A.I. woollens and furs thould he well sprinkle.' withi Ihe - Powder before placing away. It is in vsluatie to take to the Sen,ide. To avoid disappointment insist upon having " Iceating's Powder." No wher Povrder is elteAtial. ,tiold oat,. , is., and 2s. 6d. Begare o imitation. Don't be deceived.

FOR SPRAINS, CURDS, AND SPLINTS WREN FORMING. FOR OVER•REACH6S, CHAPPED KEELS, WIND GALLS FOR ILIIEVMATMI IN RORKE& FOR BORN THROATS AND L4FLCINEA. FOR BROKEN KNEES, BRUISES, CAPPED LOCKS. FOR SORE !RODE/DEIN, SORE RACKS. FOR SPRAINA, CUTS, DRVISES iN DOGS. "Indlimenstabie in REIF Italie, but esrecially si the 'table of a AlSZter of liounds. " BKDDINOTON, 'Master oi Berrnokoldre Mounds."

I\T v' ORMS IN CHILDREN, WORM 3 IN CHILD are elv,natafdy. and wit' perfect safety got rid of by using hRATINCI'S WOIIM TABLKS. Nearly all children bider from Worms. If suttaecterl. In not'svalt ; yen can witla ea.se eaare the child ib-as no effect except on worm). sold by all Chemists, in Tins it, cleah.

JUNO CYCLES. VER4'ILEST, ILLUSTRATED LISTS POST FREE. . ~ „. , ~.„, .. t JIJNO (} 0.. Front, :EASY ~, tr Br! tter and improved Triouff _.,, , ' .°' a f, light, road-tor long Base •!iu211,014) • ••• - - ^ , I thirties. Juxo 4,1,-11,s 1..._..„..\\ Safely and Youth'.'\N ~* 0 ? tl,.fety. JuNo foloinz k - e. .1 N vie oanatio.Cua passes 28in. . ~ ,---.'":".,_•,, - -0.., l'.la- i _— ~...., '.;""'. - . i Second-hand Machines Ct'SKAISA3Y&VCOM3-ONGE.PAII;t in immense var,ety. Repairs. Beth:Dates Free: METROPOLITAN MACHINIsTS' CO., LTD. 75 errt 7,, B.sholagate Without LOrnion, E C. , K.B. E cry JUNO guaranteed.

--------' .2.—Z .. UNIVERSAL. FOR q.NI NS et 0, Ce) ANt$C I.lri ON v.i -, vgli Li i 10\ I BRUISES 111 , GUEST GOLDS- I /1-0 SORETHROATP-orICOLDISTIFFNEZ`L;:_ I rWmred only by ELLlllANToildininettErg.

LATHERS FREELY I:9 THE HARDEST WATER 'll 'fr:vr A T e:-> ~..911,4: •F:‘,9 el* -..,,i'm , -.1-- :- • il- 0- Va S"-.2---t •••'.''' - ',l 14 v'''''' 4,43 ...,-,. cg fil kCi A.c.....2.,- ..,f1,4 1 V . i Is L 4 • ' z 2 ?•+.4..\ : UL Li ; 3,0 N ;..4 Ce;), „:41'.ii % I-0 FOR ALL ' f.''' :4')' ..'l' THE BEST •t,:s9 ''''t. k.---11 5 PURPOStz.f..). ‘1 LARGEST SALE OF 1-LIR. TABLETS RI THE WORLD i.

ESTABLISHED 1851. BIRKBECK BAN-K. Sourbronpton Butlarva, Chancery Lane, Lond TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed o• DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, on the minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below 2100. STOOKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purchased and sold SAVINGS DEPARTMENT. For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small sums oa deposit, aud allows Interest rnoutllly on each completed LI. BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE , FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD AND SOCIETY IIOW TO PuRCHAtqI A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER :MONTH. The BIREBECK ALMANACR, with full particulars, post free FRANCIS EANENSCROFT. Manager.

W. GEE TAYLOR'S ECZEMA CURE At once steps irritation, fi d cures all SKIN DISEASES. Contains NO POISON. Does not Stain. Price Is. ad. and 2s. lid., or Postal Order Is. 3d. & 3s, from Sole Proprietor. Agents wanted. W. GEE TAYLOR, Chemist, Hunzerford.Berks

BLAIR'S --------- GOUT, RII bUMATISM, , LUMBAGO, . NEURALGIA, SCIATICA. . WS- 13 k l'5lCl The Acura PAIN Is quickly relieved GaT and cured In a few days by these cerebrated PC's, well known as the Great Remedy for the afore complaint.. Sure, Safe, and Effectual. t BOLD BY ALL CHEMISTS at Is: 10. and Es. 94. per box. PILLS.

A BOON TO LADIES. A BOON TO LADIES. A BOON TO LADIES. AN English Surgeon Specialist will forward (free of charge) full particulars M a remedy which, during an extensive practice in England and the Colonies, he has never known to fail in the MOST OBSTINATE CASE OF _ OBSTRUCTION AND IRREGULARITIES. Forward addressed envelope for full partivulars, and waste' no more time and money on useless pills and so-called remed- ies, which, in the majority of cases, are wothing but. purgatives, and cause sickness, prostration, and pain, with- out having the desired result. Letters to be addressed to TEE SURGEON, GOTHIC 11013311, 9 ERSKINE-ST.. LIVERPOOL

S. SELYWY TONIC CUBE Stout People made thin by using tbo N S sE LOZENGES A WE E Will reduce weigh safely. 14lbs. in a month. Failure impossible. Many thousands of genhine testimonial.. The treatment, 2s. 6d , sent privately. Mr. SELWYN, Bloomsbury MansiJus, London, W.C.

"0 ,r , a_ A, A /-, ~ . , 5 • _ HO A , 4' 'i '-,lil ti -I,- ‘4:r S k IC, -..:.... i,:sc •-.oso, \.3 ti k ~ > • PILLS p OL Are acknowledged by all to be The Best Medicines for Family Use. . --- ------ MANUFACTOMI) ONLY AT • 78, MEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON. Atd &lab!' edl Ated:cho: rot,lors throughout the World. e.f.'vicc. CrAtl,, at the above adds se, daily, betweou the hours of n and 4, Or by lettel:

D7T R V ~.., , .vy ' I Sl7-1 1--4XNENE a, '''...,.P ii PLA :; Ti. a IRISH CAMBRIC HAzinugnrimu2o POCKET raling.nutuisu Guaranteed all pure flax. Ladies' size, 2,,3. Hemstitched; 241 per doze. Gents size, 3/6. IlemAtitchel, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN COLLARS. - Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars, 5/6 per dozen ; made special to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White suncr, Linen Fittings, • 3/9. 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAI'KINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yards square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 40. per yard. Real Irish Linen SIIEErrNo, fully bleached, 2 yardi wide, 1/11 per yard SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. llnckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS, FORE NI NM. GM EviRE AA r IRISHTWEED, all Pure Style.PulVoort.ie Unsase suayrpiafssfeei: for sitesr?roigtr hG,enDtasr,awbility% Patterns Free by Return of Post. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. -j. 7,... HUTTON a C 0.5 LARNE, BELFAST., v,T. -, it N .341 YA ...,..,,.... ~ --<---.--.- \ EA6„.....:,-- . .....--,,,>, .• ,\ ~ Supreme In Quality, .- e ' 4,', .. ' ' . --. . ' \ '''( & 2/4 Unique in Flavour. . .. s'>--- .- ',.::..---,,,,, .',--,41\-tr.t-tr,,3• A ,i,,44\1.,, _•'" : - .-:'''''''' leb..:'-',14,°• - -.:,-).n..,-,..1.„.."''',t .V;V: ~e,' ^'-' ' V. \ ; .''' s.'ee'''-'t '' s ' 'AO -40,kr'\ ''VsZf.f•k 0 \::‘ '\‘'"l4o'" -.v, ' -'l‘ ,‘,\ , •'..- ^ :'- Ne,/ , 4,„:1•0;"1Z 4*03,0''..0#*.- --'.;- '\ : \ '''.., ~ _-;:-.-'2,,<,-'7/ .7' ~_'''‘'..s•;;.4•C'llt, \ i AV \ Y4yl:4o..°:..ririWA \\ ,-,,, -"', ,;-_, -,, ',•••.,e4s:\\ ~-.3. y - -.--- -,--,,,,.-4-- ,-_-:,.. 1.1.--..--.-..., • .. ~, \x:--- i,,,,,,0-„,,,,t‘ s: K ~,i,., • :-......„-,.., :-=,.., ..---..•-..--- ~, \., w\ • c.ex,o 1 ;:. ,••• ~, • ,-,,,, ci , :-_, ~,,,,,.*se.: ~.„1„4,-,-v 4..„,..,<,. _ ~.n:;. ' ‘:* N, ..' i •-'-:,` X , •,: :o°#;:t:l4%, N', r ,V.,'"f r''r k, : - --4C----,'- .s,'"- ',--: --!;.: sk ‘ ... ~,;,....rs.,!:, .0, v,.....„..16,,,, es ~,,.A..c.:eirx ;,N .).--" •i• _...,---,f'-'4,,,;-- "• ' , V,Ao ~,,' A, 01, ' .... ....,,4.;„;4•;;44 ,^. -1,2", -1.!-- ' 'we -- „ <-„,„., ..... -:-.7-7, • '\, \• \\ \s,„ . AO . / jr,' i*Z":;;e6 "--';',,;--e:;4 ':. '. '''7-- ' '.:= 17 ' ''.- '. e \ V; \,,& ,s'±olos 0/ i :4;., ,f..\. 4., ' '''';', C,'" ' 1:::,-.Wr'.;• !------' 4 .''': ~-.'"-,1", a \ \t\ ••••"'s ~c,y4,,,,,,,,,, ~,,, ~,,,,,-,,,:,,,,,- .:..:,..„.6..., !-. ,;.. • i ' 2°7 l** ____4o.> .- .• . .;',-----, ..,r-:-. 4, \ ,\ 4 '', 2. '• ,' ~, ck .-, -7- - , ' ^ trg.3.-, ".---' . the leaden Atktky A Rest GROCER \ AO, ~/..,.., „ ..• ..; pr: '". Jo. each \\ \ ''': --. , ;-:;:cl44sl**P.l' - district \ , .---• ~,,..A.,-„..,i V IN TAB 0 111 PACKETS. ' • . 4....?..,;# • EV.-

A prim, rnoilL,ffqy RoplioNE CHEST,rti WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think. the idea might be improved upon and " reduced to a more !ample forro. Take gory., gout compound Such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS and we Lind that the desired end may be obtained without scales .and weights, or little mysterious com- partments, and enchanted bottles with cry,tal stoppers. Others might be n,e.!, but • COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to bl/BWer their purposes se well, may be set down as the best.—Obse, ver. OCKLE!S F.REE 0,11 MER C 11. OP FLUE PE GE7:el.6 LE .I.IVGX EDIENTS. ILL.. • 0,. FOR BILE. LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

44,27 s'k4 ‘e VS. W z„N gal t ;-4 ! 4.14/ • SOOTHh3 P kN DERS 1") R CHILDR F, INT CUTTING TEETH. ' I N USE OVER FIFTY YEARS.

"JOHN STEEDMAN, CH EMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY." is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

MEmoRIAL CARD 3,..„ TICIO2OI CIRCULAUS, BILLHBADS. 3,II3nORANDUAA-• llandbills, Window Bills, Posters. and Priuttog °l3. executed with neatnen and de3pit3h by J^Tcr the Borough Press. 54, Bridge-street, WarrirsOOP

, rp -I- HE AIANCIIESTI3B TAILORING & CLOTHING -1)1SP6:1' 8 8c 10, ILO 'ism,/ ARKBE.sT.. rt..t, fWINOTO RH soft A SHOWING the I.I.IiOES r RA , 0 tCS °it 11,0, Tylg 11' i\iyAKl" of (mauls for 2.101.110; ISO ‘.,,,0r5, ONSTIMS, 8 ERG }C, VII Kind RNADY MADI3 OR TO .1114.0.Y.;•izi0• at short notice for !AWN, YOUTII3 and JiCab NV ell. 11l nde....... r And tr".....................fL.,......•;113)r r( -"ie. 4......- ------------4-_., 0: m................, , Warrington. —Printed and Published by Jogs WAT:w.l:lll74tree': Cit The Examiner General Printing Works. l3e and Published also at The E.rantiar Oilicei. Winvv:3 ; 1r,•!,-.re.'. rir•-r-•,—c ; 72. fl'''.- He,ens • athi 33, filarket-streetu, aissi,a3l9l 10, 1893..
