===== 0002601_18931202_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
ADVERTISERS

WILL DO WELL TO AVAIL THEMSELVES OF THE LARGELY INCREASED CIRCULATION OF THE EXAMINER ON ALMANAC DAY.

NEWSAGENTS ARE REQUESTED TO ORDER EARLY.

OLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHAPEL, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). DECEMBER 3rd. Morning 10.30, STUDENT. Evening 6.30, Rev. JOHN KIRTLAN. XONDAY WEEK. DEC. 11th, The third of the Popular Lectures will be delivered by W. SILCOCK, Esq. Subject. "A. Holiday Tour in Scotland." Lime Light Views. Scotch recitations and aonga.

A- WONDERFUL WATCII.-50S. ,dk• thoroughly reliable ALL HAND MADE SILVER B •G- -PATENT LEVER WATi 11. cam ed. jewelled, and ntod. with STRONG CIIAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID ZAILVEE HALL-MAHKED CASES, welt finished, and speci- 11Pod',Pled to fit fiat in the pocket, " FOR FIFTY SHILL OUST OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that - This watch is tim, d to a minute, and will STAND AM QuaOLUTELY DEFIES TI lON A bona fide Lritten Guarantee for 15 years given with each watch. This rob can b had in all sies fitted with crystal or lunette tr. at same price To be obtained only from B. and A. 43 STANCE, wstzhmakers. THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK. Warrington. on Sent post-free to all parts of the United Klagdom reoeiPt of P. 0.0.

1/A7- ARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY. SEASON 1893-4 PRESIDENT :--JOHN RYLANDS. ESQ. L.P. THE FIRST CONCERT. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 12TH, In the DRILL lIA.LL. BATH STREET. HANDEL'S GRAND ORATORIO " SA M S 0 N;' In conjunction with Tug RUNCORN MUSICAL Socirair. e4l°rus and Orch.stra of 13 wards of 250 PERFORMERS. PRINCIPAL VOCALISTS : SorßANo—miss THUDICHUM. CONTRALTO —MADAMS BERTENSHAW. T-I°R—MR. JAMES GAWTHROP, BASS—MR. BANTOCK PIERPOINT, CoxDucroa—Mß. F. H. CItOsSLEY. 1111 PL AN will be open to Subscribers at Mr. R. H. PEAR- S. Bolei.st ,on Satur . December 2.4, and to the general pubic on and af PRICES OF ADL. _ toBPßel AL TRAINS to Latchford, Thelwall,Lymm, Earles- wn and Newton, after the concert. anSpiCIAL ARRAN GEMENIS are being made for heating decorating the room ilalcdey House, Warrington.

W. R. ATKIN, lion. Sec.

UNCORN MUSICAL SOCIETY. In conjunction with Tzx WARRUCGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY. HANDJIL'S

"S A M ON. la the DRILL HALL RUNCORN, WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 13TN. ARTISTES MISS THIJDICHIJNI. MR MADAME ALICE BRRTRNSRAW. • 7. GAWTHROP. MR. BANTOCK PIERPOINT. BAND snd !111 0 RCS of 200 Voicee. to CONDUCTOR—MR. FRANK H. CROSSLEY. ejltS OPKN at 7, to commence at 7.30. /DANES at 10. PLAN One ADMI,SION:-35., Is., and 18. s and TICKETS at Mr. BELLAMY'S. hitting Tickets from any Member of the Society.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
BRAND St CO.'S BE EF BOUILLON. 4 MOST NUTRITIOUS AND INVIOORATING

BEVERAGE. Made by the Simple Addition ol Boiling Wet At a Cost within the reach of ell. 11. LITTLB STA/11:10FE-ST.,BAYFAIR. W.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
d after Wednesday. December 6th. k )MISSION :-65.. 35., and Is.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 To 40, LUDGATE HILL. OOMB COMFORTS. OLHANLINESS AND QUIET. Central for business or pleasure.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0004.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.ketfiliOti I

===== 0002601_18931202_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
300te15.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
EMIGRATION. TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD. Intending emigrants to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, San Fransisoo, Canada, China, Japan, Australia, or New Zealand, should take tickets (lowest rates) at the "Examiner" Office, Warrington, by GUION. AMERICAN, AUSTRA- LIAN, ORIENTAL. and other lines. JOHN WALKER, AGENT. "EXAMINER" OFFICE BEWSEY-ST.. WARRING-TON.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Obipping potirts.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OLD-ESTABLISHED BASSINETTE WAREHOUSE. Beware of spurious imitations. The best and cheapest Carriages in the town or district. (No connection with any other firm of the same name.) WASHTON, 74, Sankey-st., Warrington, manu- • facturer '1 Bath Chairr, Bassinettes. Rustic Carri- ages, Le., of the beet materials and workmanship, on the premises, under pro sonal supervislotr„ Well-finished Bassinettes from 255., warranted to run straight. Mail Carts, Tricycle Horses, Doll Carriages, be. Agent for Sewing Machines, Wringing and Washing Machines. WORKS :—BEAkIO.L.T-STREET.

Air ANDOLIN, GUITAR, ZITHER, and BANJO, , ivi taught ay PROFESSOR ENNIS and BHNORA RANDA.—Address Viatorla Chambers. Widnes-.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
TEETH.. PARKINSON'S TEETH, are. at the price, UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The nubile TEETH. mssy rest assured that these statements are based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH. and perhaPt TEETH, tshe:,sest guarantee of this to intending patients that T. H. PARKINSON has one of the Larues t Dental Practices In England, the out rrEnn. 00131 e ot esaploying the BEST LABOUR, using -/ the BEST MATERIALS obtainable, and charg- TEEM. lag the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. Airs' ert made, or work done by him, and TEETH. not giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION in Every Detail will be Immediately eorreoted.x- srreEETpT. an ENTIRE NEW BHT made FREE OF " CHARGE. i These oonditions insure the public's satisfea- rETll. Von and recommendation, exemplified by 21 sets having been inserted for patients duels' MEETII. one year only, directly and indirectly through .1. the voluntary persuasion and recommenclatinn TEETH. of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any or all of these patients' names and addresses, for rate- ' p ETTT. renoe, will be given to any would-be patient '-n. personally applying for them. These, with thousands in the past, each recommending rrEETii. their friends, speak volumes for Mr. Parkin- son'. etsocoss TEETH. His unusually large Dental Establishment. adapted for the COMFORT of Patients, MUST TEETH. NOT DETER ANY. Alt ere WELCOME FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily from 9 to 12 and 2 to 6. TEETH, ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION, as hitherto, by the aid of his own made TEETH. LIQUID NTIROUS OXIDE, of which he now liquefies for sale to dentists nearly 19,900 Eel- TEETH. lons weekly. Patients, have, toerefore, in this speciality also the benefit of his experienos. rIIEETH. CLOSED ALL DAY ON FRIDAYS. 'TEETH. 1 L

RUNCORN, ou THURSDAYS, at Mn. Hughes, (late MI Parton's), Confectioner, Bridge-street, from 2 to 6. NOIITHWICH. on FRIDAYS. at Wes Gibson's, 2, Castle- Street, from er 11 to b. AI

GOOD EVENING!

MAY& YOU 'IAD A DRINK OF MU FAMOUS

"TEIV-ITT" STOUT

T O-D AY ? IF NOT. TRY IT.

ADDRESS-

RICHARD FORSHAW

COLLINS GREEN BREWERY.

NEWTON-LB-WILLOWS,

TUCK AND CO., Limited. INDIA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTOS GOODS.

LEATHER BELTING. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. or

CEMENTED ONLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street. Liverpool, Also at 35. Market Street, IKane.heater. London, Cardiff, Newport. and Dublin, LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

-I

THE HUMAN HAIR. IP Youn HAIR IS FALLING OFF.

Commit 8. AYLOI,or Uue hf. liem.semocricepa. ration,. CANTHARIDE4 RETRACT awl POMADE, which WV CERTAIN RESTORERS of the HAIR.

TAYLOR'S SEDATIVE AND NUTRITIVE CREAM Ii Infallible for perfectly Relieving the Skin from Irritation and Freeing the Hair from Scurf Prepared only by S. TAYLOR. 'HAIRDNESSER MID

PERFUMRR, —— Ea aim 28 KING-131121MT. MANCIIESTIIR.

TEETII Tr:EV! I TEETH MACDONtiLD'S FEHR DENTORTUIf. VIOLESALB AWcIFICIAL TERTH MA NUFAC7TORy

(Registered.) 13.. H.M.R. Letters Patent. (Trade Mark.) The Best an Cheapest House in the Profession. ilngle Teeth, 2..; Sete. 20e. Pit and Quality Guaranteed, . . - " .

P7l.tients fitted While they wait. A indY In attendance-7' ('be Trade Supplied. All best materials and work= mlstp. Teeth extracted free from Bth 8 p.m. Teeth extracted without pain. Free coniultations. Telegraphic Ad:treks " Dentist," Manchester. 9, PICCAMLY (Opposite Infirmary Clock). NIANLHESTER

STOTHERTS' HEADACHE & NEURALGIA PO V% DEUS. A certain cure in 10 minutes. From all Chemists. Grocers. ,nd Co-ooerati • e Storrs, or direct from tim Proprietors. Post Free, 14 or 33 stamps In Boxes Is. It4i., and Es. 9d.

R. STOTELERT AND SONS, WHoLIisiLLE CHRMISTS, ' ATHERTON, H EAR MANCLIEbTER.

CITY OF LONDON TEA COMPANY,

S5Il the moat Fragrant mad Refreshing Tea. PRICES AND SAMPLES POST FREE.

ONLY ADDRBSS :

BEHH-LANII. LONDON. D.C.

CHEAP COAL.

LownsT

FOSS DL

BANK QUAY COAL DEPOI T. HALTON St CO., COAL MERCHANTS., PACTONY LANE COAL YARD,

PossraLr.

applicnen I Nore.—Wl

WATtIIINGTON.

I apt licatia IEI.I vlitßY

INTRIf PAWNS. I HAIRDIATA

Ousiral fnstrumnit6.

• PITAL Two-immune! ORGAN; new; fin 4 rich IL) tone. splendid pitch pine case.—ALE.l. YOUNG a Bon. organ buildKret. kldon-at.. Manebe ter.

J. W. TEMPERLEY, MUSIC SELLER, 31, LOWLAND'S ROAD. RUNCORN. PIANOS, ORGANS. VIOLINS, &c.

Tuning and Repairs. All kinds of Fittings in Stock. Arrangements made for Ftret-Class Orchestral Ran and Pianists. PIANOS onlnt Find on H [RH-PM:CHAS%

GREAT SALM of fin, Fa!rage of over 200 PIANOS AND 0 GANS, at J. PARRY'S 18. to 24. Doaning- st., Arclsvic,, M net:meter. Mn Parry having come to speedy and satisfactory settle- ment wite the Yorkshire Fire Insurance ComPanY 13" decided to make a quick clearance at half their cost. £ Full toned 13,11 Organ walnut, and gold ease cost £28.... 8 10 üblique German Plano, ivory kev a and 7 octaves ?Janette by Derwent of Lond .lo 7 °waves IN.sewocxl cottage Plano, Nu-,er, 7 octaves.. Iron Iran e cottage Plano, Ifavenswo 4, 7 octaves 5 0 Iron frame C-ttage Plano. nverstrung,Stodart,7 octaves 6 0 Iron frame German, ovtrat rang piano, 7 octaves 9 1$ !role frame send-wet& by Kirk:nein, 7 ovreves Iron frame conceit Grand. by Chard, 7. octaves l4 0 The above lots av pertectly new inside with iron frame, full trichord, brass pin plate. and patent check action. The oat- site abes are damaged ley water.

1 ODI B MAD MARA, AI,A 1) E

A DELICACY IN Evrity HOUSEHOLD.

COLLINGE'S SEVILLE ORANGE AtARNIALADE.

SOLD BY ALL GROCERS.-WOIIKS HARLBSTOWN.

d. H. PARKINHON, Dentist by Examination. 46, MOSLEY-STREET. MANCHESTER, WARRIFOTOF, on WEDNESDAYS, at Mfrs Charles's. Ladies' Outfitter. Sankey-street, from 2 to 5 p.m.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MI

===== 0002601_18931202_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT i'..A.RAGRAPHF

"YES, my child, yes; dun is the future ten3e me."

A YOUNG lady cats stand up straight and still hs sent on marriage. man who has never needed to have auy teeth lulled out is the loudest in advising the sufferer to "brace up like a man and have toe thing out at once."

Slcntz—Civil Service office. Impatient inquirer —" What is the difforenec, thou, between ' s.nd 'heathen ''!" Botanical clerk—" Tney are synonyms." Impatient illquirer—" On, hang your technical terms. I want to know the difference."

A coloured servant sweeping a room, found a sixpeece belonging to a lodger. " You may keep it for your honesty." Afterwards he missed a gold pencil case, and asked tne servant if he had seen it. "Yes, sir. I have kept it for my honesty." A CLERGYMAN, one hot Sunday, observing his elerk asleep in church, called out, "Brother Austin, please open the window a little. Physi- *fans say it is unhealthy to sleep in a hot room.' AN old lady who was in a carriage when the horses were running away, said she had perfect trust in Providence till the harness broke, and then she gave right up. ANXIOUS MOTHER : "1 wi.h, Sesan, that when you give baby a bath you would be careful to ascertain whether the water is at the proper temperature." Susan: "Oh den't you worry about that, ma'am; I don't need no mometers. If the little one turns red, the water is too hot ; if it turns blue, it s too cold; and that's all there is but it." MAelserwrit seem to know you face." Ptisoner—" Yes, we 1e90.9 boys together." Magis- trato—" Nonsense I" Prisoner—" Yes, we was. We're both about the same age, so we must have bin boys together." STOUT LADY.—" DOES a bicycle reduced the flesh?" Mr. Slimptuse (wearily): "If you buy it on the instalment plan it does.' A DIAN addressed a passionate love letter to a lady, adding patted-flit " Please to send a speedy answer ; somebody ebe in my eye." A MAN sentenced to the penitentiary was told that he could select any occupation he chose. "Very well, then," he said, "I'd prefer to be a sailor. THE last words of great men are all reeorded in the books, but the last words of women great and small, have always been too much for the historians. _

NEVER ask anyone to give you his word of honour If you are talking to an honest man it is superfluous ; if to a raoi us,Aoss. ITS a groat thing for a man to know when he's well if.

LADY: "Biddy, have you ev.en the little stutfed bird I had in my bonnet?" Biddy: "Yi.A. MUM; I put it in the soup to make it a little richer." SKRIBLER : Have you read my DOW DOVOI—J A Story Without a Hero?'" Carper: "Yea. I think it misnamed, however. Any man who reads it clear through proves himself a hero:" "LOOK here, George, I am positively tired of your talking love to me this way every time you call." "Marry me, then, and I'd never speak another word of love to you as lolig as I live." "How do you like married life. Emily?" "Oh, Immensely." " Really ?" " Yes, really. We've been married ciao ly a month now, and we've bad ten quarrels, and I've got the best of it every time."

A SHOWMAN exhibiting a picture, said : "Ladies and gentlemen, there is Daniel in the den of lions. These are the lions, and that 13 whom you can easily disting,uisti from the liens by his having a blue cotton umbrella under his arm.

The graashopp.r has, according to its size, 120 times the kicking power of an avera4e man. It most be exciting times for the young grasshoppers whioh go couiting and find the old man at home "You don't seem to be very enthusiastic about tray poem?" " What do you want a fellow to do to show his appreciation? "Well, what do you feel like doing?" "I don't know just yet whether to get up and shout or lie &was and die.

DEALER: "Thio it: the best parrot we have, but I wouldn't sell him without letting you know his one fault; he'll grumble terribly if his food doesn't suit him." Miss Fitz: "I'll take him ; it will seem quite like having a man in the hou,e."

" EORGE, dear, what do you think of my now dress?" George (surveying it critie4iy) : "There's something in it I like " Amy " What f" George :

A COUNTRY bridegroom, when the bride hesi- tated to pronoume the word "obey," rein liked to the officiating clergyman, "Go on, me-aster—it don't matter; I can make her." "MAMMA, where's papa gone to ?" asked a little girl one d4y. "lie's gone to town to earn more bread and butter for you, darling." "Oh, m trnms, I wish he would sometitnes earn buns l" sighed the ohild.

AN old negro, while watching the monkeys in the menagerie, thus spoke :—" Dem children got too much sense to come outer that cage. White folk cat their tails off and set 'ea' to workin con- ititewtions."

"AND who would have thought that I should over be the mother of a poet,' exclaimed Mrs. Plainfield proudly. "Oh, well, I wouldn't worry about that!" replied her neighbour, misunder., standing. "He'll have better sense when he's older." PROMPT REPARTER.--Fair One (bored and fret. ml); What difference do ye.: perceive between me and a °lock ?" Ardent Admirer (apologetically) : "A cloak tells the hours, and you, madame, make one forget them."— RELIABLE DATA. —l' I say, Anna, my husband came home very late last night; can you tell me what time it was?" "Please, ma'am, I don't know exactly; but when I got up. this morning master's topcoat was still awingmg backwards and forwards on tae p• g." Tns judge, who pointed with his cane and exclaimed: "There is a great rogue at the end of my cane,' was certainly greatly enraged when the man looked hard at him and asked coolly: At which end, my lord?" The prisoner probably got two years extra for that smart retort.

PIiILANTHROPIO VISITOR (to Gaolbird): "My friend, may I ask what brought you hero ?" Gaol- bird : "The same thing that brought you here— the desire to poke my nose into' other people's businehe. Only I used generally to go in by way of the basement winder."

"1 TUINK I have the moAt tenrier-heatted hus- band in the world," remarked tbs. Odin. "Ho can't bear to beat his children, even when they need it ever so bad." "That's nothing," replied Mee. Glanders ; "my huaband ia 60 tender-hearted I can't get him to beat the carpet.'

' It was very careless leaving the parrot in the parlour on Sunday evening, bu, he never thought anything about it till Monday morning, witen Polly roused the whole house by making a smack- ing noise, and crying, "Darling Susie, darling Snide l" Ile kept it up all day, too, and the old folks are much interested in the case. WAITER : "I see they are trying to put a atop to all betting in Manchester." Excursionist: "I'm glad of it. Betting is a pernicious practice. I : hope they will atop it." Waiter : "But they can't do it." Excursionist: Can't do it? I'll bet you £lO they can." SHE: "A pretty time of night for you to come home l" He : "A pretty time of night tor you to be awake 1" She : "I've stayed ay,,ak, for the hat four hours waiting for you to culla.: home." He: "And I have been keeping myself was At the club for the last four hours waiting for you to go to sleep." "On. misery!" cried Cie editor. " the matter now?" "I just threw a c.oet out of the window; and his wire, rano was waiting for him below, has presented otie of ow insurance coupoas at the cashier a desk. He had it on blot! Another hundred pounds gone, when five shillings would have bought not only his poem, but his everlasting gratitude." IT was a little hard on the boy, for he meant well, and had a sincere admiration for the girl. They were sitting at the to,- table with a number of others, and as he passed her the sugar be tour- mered in an undertone, " Here it is, sweet -just like you." The comp' Truant was a Uwe awkward, to be sure, but he meant it, and it seemed more than cruel when, a moment later, having occasion to pass the butter to him. she drawled," Here it is, soft --Wet like you." CARTE"-

PAIN KILLER' Get bottle to-clay of PERRY DAVIS'S PAIN KILLER.. tes directly cm the ,sesit If Pain Cures Colcie.Crmigha,ne•a. 1 acne, 4ram9 and, ia the Stomach, j Cole, Diarthcee. Cho sea. &a. set , by all Chemists 11; 44412 2, Avail rialuXistaion3 mad= • tatiMPIOS. KiLLER

Small Plil Smai. Dose Small Price Forty h. Sugar Pure.] Vegetab, Cure Torpid Liver, Without Fall Chemets

speed:t::: l'tse'rrt. !..d.llperrLa,tteit. glattuth! 20

.E"S LITTLE .IVER PIII2. BEAUT'fn TEF H iall onsure4l by the timely use of that Jeiic.tia A s aromatic tooth•wa,h, Fra!rant n a SOZODa'' I fl"oated ‘thlcti wal • ,bie a;:re4,: the

Ikl.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0012.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, - • • • ,

• , .

===== 0002601_18931202_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER

MY DEAREST NELLIE,

It would appear that some old fashions have teen revised this season that seemed likely to be out of date for many more years. It is said all styles come round and round in turn, only a certain number of years has to elapse before their revival. Who, for instance, would have thought we should so soon return to flounces? We have all been thoroughly comfortable and content with our plain skirts, than which nothing is prettier, yet all the same, the flounces have re-appeared. The Punahinello hats and bonnets are still to the fore, this shape now being made in felt and satin, usually turned up with a colour. A charming bonnet can be made in the flat shape of black astrachan, with just a bunch of violets on the left side, and the back trimmed with a large Alsatian bow of satin, from the centre of which emerges an osprey. Satin hats share a measure of our atten- tion, and occasionally those are to be met with a brim of straw, while murcrous-looking jot pins are thrust through black ostrich feathers ; and a prominent feature of oar millinery is the sable tail, bat this is rather stiff an'l unmanageable, and though it decorates with a certain amount of charm a brown felt plateau trimmed with a twist of tur- quoise blue velvet, and looks extremely well on a bonnet of white cloth embroidered in kt, yet it cannot be considered quite satisfying from an ?esthetic point of view.

A very ele2;ant bonnet is in two shades of velvet, and its appearance is very soft and becoming to the face. The crown is round and folded at the sides which are edged with Sequin jet or Venise lace, and soft plume of feather. It also has an aigrette on either side of the front.

Fars appear to be the order of the day. I sup- pe it is the sudden cold which has just now made its seasonable appearance that has induced us all to don our winter attire. Be that as it may, the streets in most towns have become suddenly peopled with fur-covered folk. These furs are many and various, but chinchilla is gaining rapid popularity, while beaver and astrachan trim mantles, jackets, and gowns indiscriminately. Fur, too, is being mixed with lace for evening dresses; hat, to be successful, these materials must both be of the richest quality, and, for this reason, such combinations must be left for the wealthy.

A very simple and yet stylish gown for girls of 13 or 16 is made with a round bodice finished with a narrow twist of shot silk to match the shaped revers and the full vest, which is arranged on the bodioe lining. The revers form a species of collar at the back, which is very effective in velvet, even with a silk vest, but velvet should be used for the twist at the waist. The gored skirt is simply trimmed with three bias tucks made up on muslin, and sewn on at the top edge, leaving the lower Adge loose and free. A costume for girls of 14 to 10, require five yards of material, but these measure- ments only allow for careful cutting, and do not admit of waste.

I have been enjoying a regular banquet of blouses and have seen then high, low, trimmed, untrimmed, in silk or satin, in velvet or watered silk, and in nun's veiling. There le indeed a brave array of this truly fascinating garment, and an improved edition of "The Nita" claims my first attention, the improvement consisting in the tucks being striped at inch intervals with cream-coloured insertion. For home evening wear in pale colours, for everyday wear in black, there is no model more entirely satisfying, for.it is guileless of any of the untidy looseness occasionally associated with a blouse, sad it is almost universally becoming.

The resdy.made ji.ckets and capes this year are really reinark4bly cheap and remarkably effective; they are trimmed for the most part with rows of braid at the waist and round the cape collars, and a narrow edging of fur makes iis appearance on those of a superior quality. Tee three-quarter lerigth jackets is the most generally adopted, and the tight-fitting coat finds fariur amongst the mullittide. A chic little cape for a young lady is Of nmoctli beaver cloth. The three bands of trim• ruing are brown velvet, also the collar, which is cut in a vary skilful manner. Yours lovingly, JENNIE.

Some of the healthiest children in the world are found in the Scottish Highlands, where shoes are seldom worn at an earlier age than 12 and 13. Th daughter born to Lord and Lady Dalkeith last week is the first grandchild of the Duke and Duchess of Buccl euch, and also of Lord and Lady Newport. Lady Charles Belesford's favourite holiday resort is bed ; her flower is the rose ; she likes the hottest period of the year best ; and her favourite pastimes are travel- ling and reading. There died recently in Louisville Miss Sallie Matthews who, although only thirty-three years old at the time of her death, had at one time commanded an Ohio River steamboat, employing one hundred men. The Princess of Wales is still suffering from the con- tinued melancholy which was brought about by the loss of her elder and favourite son, and which her long jour- neyings and stays on the Continent have been powerless to remove.

The Err-Tress of Russia is as slender and little as the Czar Is strong and massive. She is not beautiful, and not plain. Her features are well formed, and her eyes are bright and kindly. She is one of the most beautiful dancers in Russia, and is as fond of dancing as a country girl. Toe Princess Stephanie of Austria has just given her wedding dress to be made into vestments for the priests of the Church at Boyen. The dress was white brocade, embroidered with silver, and makes a gorgeous cope,and the lace is used for the altar frontal. The pattern of the brocade was the arms of Saxf-Coburg and Hapsburg, entwined with garlands of stephanotis. The Duke and Duchess of Fife are passionately fond of dogs, and when they travel between their various houses they always take a great number of special canine pets with them. The Duke is most fond of collies and Scotch terriers, the Duchess of fox terriers and pugs. When they are in London they may be often met on fine mornings in Hyde-park with half-a-dozen assorted dogs following at their heels. Sir Edwin Arnold, whe is now living in a flat, tells us that he never ties himself to any residence for more than six months at a stretch. He loves change. He has never reproved or chidden any of his children, and of his wives he frankly says have been married twice, and both the ladies who did me the honour to live with me (one for twelve and the other for twenty-one years) were ex- ceedingly happy and contented women."

Both the Princess Louise (Marchioness of Lorne) and Princess Beatrice have tried "wheeling." A couple of tricycles are kept at Balmoral for their use, and though they have never been outside the grounds of the palace, both Princesses frequently ride in the park. The are not good riders, but they use the cycles merely to give themselves some amount of muscular exercise.

Manly Amusements. Apropos of the manly amusements to which our girls ars now taking, the following amusing verses appeared lately in a London periodical : There's the girl who's stuck on fencing, and the girl . . .

who's just commencing to be somewhat interested' in the art of selt-defence ; There's the girl who's good at riding, and the girl who takes to striding over leagues of dale and mountain with energy intense ; There's the girl who worships rowing, and the one who's fond:of showing a marksmanship astounding in a

person of her sex ; There's the girl who's always ready, with a nerve both true and steady, when woeful dangers threaten or difficulties vex ; But despite the manly carriage, and the open scorn of marriage, which the little independent ladies seem to think so nice, You may perhaps have noted, that they're very seldom quoted,as having lost completely their inherent fear of mice.

How to Clarify Sugar or Syrup. There are many degrees of boiling sugar. Syrup must not boil over (it blazes), nor ho allowed to burn in the pan. The Ist degree is candy or thread, 2nd " souffl-," 3rd feathered. 4th crackling, and sth caramel. The last is an elegant cover for sweetmeats, but failures considered, is can begot as cheap from the confectioners as when made at borne. For ecmpotcs, i pints water to llb of sugar, boiled for hour, removing scum as it rises ; for preserves to keep, two parts double-refined loaf sugar and one of water, boiling for a little while. Clarify thus :—Dissolve 21bs. loaf sugar (not on the fire) in a pint of water ; add white of an egg, which well beat. Put into pan, stir with wooden spatula, and when syrup begins to swell and boil op throw in 2 tea- cupfuls of cold water. Don't stir it after this, but bring to boiling point again, then take off to settle ; also to remove all scum, Strain. For Ist degree put again over fire to boil until smooth, when dip a hand into cold water and the skimmer Into the sugar. Touch with sugar the thumb and forefinger, which open instantly. At 'first a fine short thread will form, a few minutes more and 'it willi ,be longer and stronger. Boil more for 2nd degree. Dip skimmer, blow sugar off and bubbles will form on the holes. For 3rd, boil further dip skimmer, shake it, and give sudden flirt; sugar les off at this stage like small feathers or down. For 4th degree, boil till on dipping a stick in and plunging it into cold water, the sugar snaps and becomes instantly hard. Tte above is from Mrs. Beeton's "Book of House- hold Management."

"Afternoon Naps."—By a Family Doctor. As I have already remarked, benefit chiefly accrues to the young and the old. Food is required by the young not only to carry on the ordinary functions of the body. but also to promote growth (which is very rapid at times, and may even outstrip the supply of material). It is obvious, therefore, that in these cases digestion ' should be as perfect and as rapid as possible if the body is to be maintained in good health and to grow normally. As the period of most rapid growth is comprised within the first four years of life, it is cf advantage to children, during this time at least, to sleep for a while after din- ner. We must not forget another consideration. All the bodily functions are capable of having regularity hn- pressed on them in a very marked degree, so that if the habit of regular and perfect digestion is formed in early life, it is likely to persist and add much to the happiness and success of after-life. Every influence which helps to form this habit ought, therefore, to be encouraged by those to whom the care of children is entrusted. In old age we have quite a different et of conditions to con- sider. The vital processes have now become enfeebled and the organs of the body meet, only with difficulty. the demands made upon them. Every help tt-iould therefore be given. not only by providing suitable food, but also by assisting the processes of digestion. The afternoon nap is Nature's way of doing the second duty, and it is of great advantage in promoting a healthy old age. We must also remember that in old age sleep at night is not so sound and regular as it is in earlier life; so, on the principle that every little helps, the afterno;,n nap adds to that period of daily rest which is de- mended by the body. It has been stated, with truth, that the habit may even tend to cause sounder sleep at night. Sleep begets sleep—especially in those who art- sleepless from overwork.—" Cassell's Family Magazine."

"Aid I really so bad, mamma ?" asked Johnny. "Yes, Johnny, very bad indeed." "Well, you've one thing to be thankful for, anyhow, mamma." "Have 1? Arid what's that ?" "Why, that I'm not twins." It had its bright side certainly. Vziv pungent was Lord Ellenborough's ejacula- tfori at a cabinet dinner, when heleard that Lord Kenyon was ahout to close his penurious old age by dying. "Die l—why should he die? What would he get by that 1" interposed Lord Ellen. bOrough. SH "So a sinecure is a position in which a person gots the salary another one earns ?" He : " Precisely, .my love." She : " That's the kind of a job I want." He "You have it, dearest,"

The Countess of Wilton, who L well known to frequen- t( rs of the Thames as a Fkilf ul and enthusiastic angler, has done a lot of fishing this year on "our river "but has hardly been so successful as in past seasons, thanks to the unfavourable conditions produced by the long drought. Last year she captured 1451 b. weight of barbel in one day at Marlow, but this year her best take was 701 b. weight.

Mrs. W. K. Vanclerbilt,whose maiden name was Smith possesses two wonderful crowns, the one purchased in Germany by the millionairess herself from a princess whose husband had lost his sovereienity. while the other, which she prefers, and wears most often, is a dia- dem in every respect similar to that used by the Queen at Vie opening ot Parliament and during the Jubilee ceremonies.

THE EXAMINER. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1893.

_ uoNetY HousE. CRAP 11,

ED one dreams that I toys him," he thought: "I am thankful that fato spAred me from coining to him in the conservatory that night." By a mighty effort whe put all thaught of self from her, and tried to rrjuice in Uldens's happi- ness.

All her life she had been accustomed to give up to beautiful Uldene in all thmgs. Se loved this beautiful, spoiled, dark-eyed creature, whom she believed to be her sister, with a love that was almost idolatrous. She would have given her bright young life—had it been the price—to save Uldene's.

"You are happy in his love, Uldene ?" she said, wistfully; "let me hear you say so dear." "I am morn happy than I can tell you, Vezlis, she answerot raising those dark. starry eyes to the blue ones, so heavy with unshed tears. "I love him so well that if I were to lose him Ito would kill me, or I should lose my reason." From that moment heroic, noble Verlie put all thoughts of Rutledge Chester from her. What it cost her, only Heaven and the listening angels knew, who heard her pitiful prayers for strength and saw her despairing boars. Bat even then—even at the cost of her own misery—she was glad Uldene was happy; that thought was her one consolation in those bitter hours of anguish when she fought such pil iful battles with her own heart—to crush out the love that had built its altar there. How she longed to go away—to creep back to the shelter of the old lighthouse—fling herself on her mother's breast to die there. Oh, fatal was the hour in which she had drifted away from that lonely island home, oat in the great hard world, where oho had met the hero of her girlish day- dreams, handsome Rutledge Chester, and learned to love him. When Mrs. Chester was removed to her room and a physician summoned, it was discovered that she limed been stricken with a severe fit of apoplexy —partly paralysis, induced by some great mental shock.

"There was no hope," the doctor said, and advised them to send for Senator Chester without delay ; but this was impossible, for, only a few days previous, the benhtor had been called sud- denly abroad by a very important affair of the State, and it would be quite a week yet before ho reached port and found the cablegram awaiting him, apprising him of his wife's sudden and danger- ous illness.

If the worst came, all would be over before he oould possibly reach hmoe. WhenUideue heard of Mrs Chester's arrival, ha!f fainting with fear, she made her way to her room to beg her to keep her terrible secret. She was met with the startling news that when she had heard of her son's marriage she had dropped to the floor like one dead ;. and from that moment she had lost speech and action—that never again would those lips speak ; they were stricken dumb for ever. more. A terrible cry fell from Uldene's lips, for she knew whv—ah,, stir k -ew why.

Only Heaven could have told how the dying woman regretted, on her death-bed, that she had *ot made a confidant of her husband, that he, in turn, might have warned her idolized, handsome son, of the fatal barrier that lay between him and beautiful, hapless Uldene, the girl-bride whom fate had decreed must never love, for she must sever marry. During those hours Rutledge Chester sat by his mother's couch, he had imagined himsvlf alone with her; but such was not the mule. He was never Aunts with her! Behind the velvet hangings of the bed crouched a girlish figure, who listened, with bated breath, to every word that fell so musically from Rutledge Cheater's lips. It was Uldene—his bride. She knew what paper the dying mother longed so ardently to place in her son's hands. Uldene knew, too, that he would not find the paper— Mark Set ton's letter—in the safe; for at that moment it was hidden in her own bosom, against her own wildly throbbing heart. The situation was cruel. But in the hour of Mrs. Chester's death, Uldene cried out, in the secrecy of her own room, "that Heaven had spared her. If Rutledge'a mother had been given the power of speech, she would have divulged all, and that would have separated her from Rutledge for ever." "I will take him far away from here," she told herself—" so far away that Mark and Neils. Sefton can never find him to write him of the heavy curse that was predicted to fall upon my head on my eighteenth birthday. And he shall never know, and We will be happy. Yes, my great love will win like love from him in time, and earth can hold no greater heaven for me than that."

To that fortnight of bustle and Lonfuslon that; pased, Rutledge Chester had seen but little of Verlie. He knew that she avoided him whenever it was possible. He was thankful for that ; for in those dark, dreary hours he could not have re- sisted finding consolation with her, and breathing to her how lonely and desolate he was, had she been near.

At the end of the fortnight Verlie said good-bye to them, and started for home. She was glad to creep back to the lonely old light-house, as the storm-driven swallow is glad to seek its nest under the eaves. She came suddenly, unexpectedly, and un- heralded, upon Mark and Nella, as they sat before I the roaring wood fire one chilly spring evening. I They did not hear the grating of the little boat as it touched the sand, for the thundering, continuous wash of the waves outside. Some one glided like a ghost across the floor; a I slender form slipped down on her knees before them; and a piteous, sad, young voice breathed out sobbingly, as two great, blue-bells of eyes, ' swimming with tears, were raised to her mother's face: _ _

"Mother 1 father your Verlie has come back to you " Both sprang to their feet with joyous cries, but almost In the same breath they called for Uldene. "Bring the lass in, Nella !" cried the cheery old lighthouse keeper. "No doubt she is outside of the door, waiting to play some prank upon us, bless her pretty, roguish face ! "Come in, Uldene, lass 1" he roared, thumping his cane, while Nella flew to do his bidding. But Verlie called her back. I "She is not there, mother," she said, gently. "Uldene will never come to us again. She is a great lady now. Did you not receive the letter which she wrote to you, telling you that she had married Senator Chester's son, Rutledge ?" "Married I' shrieked Neils. Sefton, springing to her feet in the wildest agitation, while Mark grew pale as death. "My God I have I heard aright, child? Did you say Uldene—had—married?" "Yes, mamma," said Verlie, raising her blue eyes in wonder to her mother's frightened face. "I said she had married Rutledge Cheater." ( To be continued).

frA $\ " " I\tit* t4'

4......,&...",.., • , - lea A , tv,ll\ 1 ‘\\ 4, 1 \j,4 i filiti . 1 "if _14,14 ...., --......,,.. A, let -.4- ' Irtrar‘ritrinit, • - `li

L,i9; ---,---1 -- illk r . "4: ,-., -1777 7, '-g( ,\ • 1 , ". . il7' iitA ' 0...„.4. _ -(-0/,.,e--------7------,,,..--...,----,-7.,:r- - . 0 -7.‘ -, ; ~:,. .., . , ~ ~.,

77. ,-,:-..,-.00-- :•..i.F.2........ t. .4,.......r. • 0, ~..- 4 --......... .71 ...e " ---'7 ,1Z _ _ ..' _'''7....r;-. ..- '',' -- . • t4iri• it - --- "''' , ....,; -- • - '1; / -'2-,-,- __.:---• ~ --... _ • _.-----;...--2,-•-.) -!';‘-'''- -----_.-- ' .(2.-. ....,..... :........:-/...---,-- "-4 -_-:-.-':=7------:::_-_-_--..„ -t.'"l,;f:--W.,, ...........- "'----'f'SA.l---- - *V----1i4;,:-41-IZ, .-------- -----",:; NI ;,--74e- -- .gi4*, --421*- WV JIY. , -,•„....„ _ -... _,.. -,,„.. ~..,,- :.,..0, %),,„ _„,„„_ ~........„, . --I„.•.---------„,-----.vz:-..--,.:---,----:•=__ ---,--. „..3..-:--,... ~_ ~__ --.., - - , • _ _ -- .:-",_.- .43 ii r2:`-r-r, ' ---7-- ' • GLl'':-.--",-A--:- '-r -.--- A-6. -- ". C• It e, '''' ("NA CIA YO r 1.1 c • P OLD 4.'Cbber• '

===== 0002601_18931202_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
T E A 8,

OUR SPECIAL, BLENDS AT 1/7 AND 2/- 'PER LB.

relivered Free by our own Vans in Warrington. Widnes, Leigh, Atherton, Tyldesley, and

Districts.

Write for Samples and particulars to

THOMAS JONES AND CO.,

LIMITED.

9 "P''' ATIKERISTREET,

!LIVERPOOL.

17oc) one-5 .!s& ticee .c.„„ 44 prrnPf - gni% t e4:0061 la oat r spfr sod 74, • ttrt Quatity • cf 'frjoll6 svg.4 uDriv4l:td

===== 0002601_18931202_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
PARTED BY FATE;

OR THE MYSTERY OF BLiCK-TOR LIGIITIIOII3L

BY LAURA JEAN LIBBEY,

Author of "lone, the Pride of the Mill," &c., &a

CHAPTER xvir. • A NOBLE HEART. Rad we never loved sae kindly, Had we never loved sae blindly, Never met nor never parted, We had ne'er been broken-hearted! Fare thee weel, thou first and fairest ! Fare thee weel, thou best and dearest I Thine he ilka joy and treasure, Peace, enjoyment, love and pleasure .Ae fond kiss, and then we sever ! .Ae fareweel—alas !—forever.

ROBERT BURNS. Rutledge Chester steps forward, his handsome face paling and flushing. But befor.3 he can utter the fatal words that spring from his heart to his lips, the deor is dashed violently open, and Mrs. Chew er, white as a ghost, stagers into the room, followed by the frigntened housekeeper. "Rutledge l" she cries out in an awful voice of suppressed agony, "tell me, is this thing I hear true? Oh, my God, I cannot believe It! It is too THEY WERE NOT ALONE, AS THEY BELIEVED--A horrible! Mrs. Pierce tells me that in my absence , PANTING, QUIVERING FIGURE, HIDDEN BY TILE you married Uldene Sefton." VELVET CURTAIN, SEES AND HEARS ALL. He answers his mother, but he turns his pale haggard face, full of entreaty, to the golden-haired "Perchance if we had never met, girl standing by his side. I had been spared this vain regret; And yet I could not bear the pain "It is quite true, mother," he said, huskily. Of never seeing thee again." "Uldene is my wife. I will tell you—" The sentence was never finished. Mrs. Chester Again the dark shadow of death spread its dark wing over the Chester mansion. The servants fell prone upon the velvet cat pet like one turned moved about silently and with bated breath. to stone. Rutledge and the doctor watched unceasingly at As for Verlie—ah, who shall describe the terrible her bedside. Every one else, save the faithful old pain that smote her heart, TYIOIO cruel than a housekeeper and nurse, was carefully excluded. dagger's thrust, as she heard those words. The "My services are of no avail, except to make room seemed to whirl around, her lace grew pale the sufferer a little more comfortable," the doctor as death, and the light died from her eyes. Her said, frankly. "She can last but a little while senses were confused. Her whole soul was steeped longer." in the horror of dull despair. It was her sentence Dead her body was already, so far as power to of death. It was the warrant that oat her off • move was concerned; but her mind was apparently from all that was bright and beautiful in life, unimpaired, and expressed itself in the agonised Her timid, girlish heart had gone out to Rutledge Chester in all the freshness and sweetness of first expression of her face and the entreating, beseech- log, scared, troubled look of the dim eyes that love, and now, her heart—at 'one great, awful never for a moment loft the face of her idolised throb—broke in her breast. So it seemed to her. son, as though there was something she was eon- Verlie Sefton was no tragedy queen. She did not cry out or utter any moan. Looking into her stantly and vainly trying to communicate to him. "You have something to say to me, mother," lovely pale face, Rutledge could not tell how he said, at length. "Would to Heaven you could deeply and pitifully the fatal truth had affected tell me what it is !" ,her ; but in the slight shiver that swept over her Oh, how hard the lips tried to articulate; but farm—like a chill winter blast on a tender flower they only quivered convulsively, and gave forth a —he read the sweet possibilities of "what might little moaning sound. But in the lighting up of have been." He knew the truth. She cared for thehim. sage: eyes, which grew larger and brighter, I Rutledge thought he read an answer to what he There was little time to speculate over this had said—that she had something on her mind matter now, for the servants were hurriedly flock, which she was vainly trying to communioate to log to the library, alarmed at the unusual nom. him. As death drew nearer the agony of the ex- motion, uttering terrified ones as their eyes fell preasion in the eyes that never left Rutledge's face, upon the prostrate figure of their mistress, and seemed at timei to almost leap from their With tender hands they raised her, and bare her sockets in horror, deepened. to her own boudoir; and in the confusion Verlie i What was troubling his mother so, forcing out slipped from the room and sought Uldene. great drops of perspiration about her lips and fore- She groped her way, like one stricken blind, tip head, making her ghastly face pitiful to behold. the broad stairway, and down the long corridor, Rutledge felt, sometimes, as if he would go mad, odouroua with the breath of blossoms, until she sitting there by her couch, with those wild eyes stood before the pretty apartment she had shared watching him so intently, that, if he moved away with Uldene; but Uldene was not there. She beard the sound of her voice a little way on in the for a moment, they called him back by their conservatory, and thither she went; and there, strange power, and compelled him to look straight Into their depths, where the unspeakable trouble standing in the midst of a mass of soarlet passion flowers, she saw Uldene. lay struggling to free itself. "Mother," he said again, "you wish to tell me "Uldene I" she called, softly—" Uldene I" The little white hands that held the scarlet something, and you cannot. Perhaps I can guess blossoms dropped them ; the dark head was lifted what it is ; at least, I can try. If you answer my question in the affirmative, turn your eyes to the from the flowers, and Verlie saw a look of swift portrait of father hanging over the mantel; if you terror cross her sister's face, mean no, look into my face as you are looking now. "How strange it is, waking or sleeping, when As is with me or alone, I am haunted by her Do you understand?" Tnere was a wan shadow of a joyous smile on Yoko. She comes to me in the dead of the night, Ita9ding before me in the moonlight, with her face the white, haggard face. Quick as thought the pale as death, her fair hair falling in dishevelled dying eyes turned to the portrait, which was the token of assent. He knew his mothtr compre- masses about it, crying out in an awful voice: ' !A- dana ! Uldene 1 beware God's vengeance! You heeded' "Is that which you have on your mind concern. have stolen my love from me you have sown my ing father?" he asked. heart with thorns, bat you taall reap the harvest 1 "No." For the steady gaze of the burning eyes Take care! Beware I" l never left his face. Uldene put out her white hands with a gesture , "About property ?" he questioned. of defiance, murmuring, brokenly.face. "Why the mournful gaze was riveted on his fe. should I be haunted with such visions? I ' It was not that. have won him. I loved him better than she ever "Ii it concerning me, mother ?" he asked, could. Such a nature as Verlie's is incapable of a earnestly. great love." , Quick as a flash of lightning, the dilated eyes In that hour she forgot the cruel treachery that travelled to the ]portrait on the wall. Ah, yes ! put Verlie out of her path, and that led to her What she wished to say concerned himself. present happiness. She remembered only her own Ie vain he mentioned everything in the range of love, and its success. The love she had coveted his thoughts. Evidently he had not yet discovered was now hers; her hopes gratified. The cup she what it was. had craved for was filled to tbe brim. She, He could not bear the unspeakable agony of those instead of Verlie, was Rutledge Chester's bride, eyes as question after question was answered by that Again from over the nodding crimson roses she silent "No. " heard the sound of her name, softly, yet snore "Is it something connected with any paper in distinct this time. She became aware that some your private safe, mother ?" he asked, at length, in one was putting aside the green branches and corn- despair, never dreaming that it was. To his un- ing toward her. One glance, then the awful white- speakable astonishment the eyes travelled quickly ness of death came over her, to the portrait "Am I mad? or do I dream?" she gasped. "If that is the ease," he said, delighted to have " Verlie's ghost has come back from the grave to touched the subject that was troubling her at haunt me l' last, "I will bring each and every piper I find in A horrible darkness seemed closing in around your safe to your bedside' and I shall soon discover her, and the world seemed to slip from her. which document it is that you wish me to see or Another instant and Verlie had sprung to her reed, and we shall soon decide what can be done side, catching the swaying form in her arms. , about it." But Uldene did not swoon, terrible as the shook The eyes fairly danced now. He could see the had been. , pupils dilate and the colour deepen in them, as "lam no ghost, Uld ene," she whispered, caressin tbough what he had proposed doing relieved her the dark, curly head. "I know how you mournel mi for me I can imagine what your feelings must have lTi infinitely. for tilnedgnt'ey. oialrose hurriedly and walked over to the been when you returned and found me gone. tae, which stood in the curtained alcove, and in a You thought, with them, that I must have merit more returned with every paper he found ine• recovered in your absence and started for ho IT'o• in it. One by one he kid them before her, until Is it not so?" I ti,e very last paper was reached. Uldene nodded. The power of speech seemed to Something like horrible despair shone in the wild have left her. } .ed to his own "I was taken charge of by poor and honest eyes " eriwe-nt to the safe and made another careful people, who found me. I came back to you as soon search, to see that no document had slipped behind as I could." The colour rushed back to Uldene's deathly pals face, and the blood began to circulate about her the "There is no other paper in the safe, mother," he said, returning to the bedside. "Are you sure heart, the document you wished me to 800 Was put in the

LoIIAPTMR XVIIL

Ah 1 some one had rescued Verlie, then, and her imie ? u sister (she still called her that) did not know that The eyes fairly leaped from their sockets to the she had left her to her fate—left her to recover or portrait with an emphatic "Yes," while great die alone amidst the snow-drifts in the isolated drops of agony rolled like rain drops down the churchyard. "1 have come hack to you, Uldene," whispered ' ghastly,,i cheeks. "ii you you are sure you put the paper there, there the soft, wistful voice, "and the first thing I hear, is but one conclusion to arrive at, ' :le said. "Some quite as soon as I cross the threshold, is that you one must have removed it who knew of it, and was are -- you are—married, Uldene, and—to him. Tell interested in it." me my darling—l—l car not quite credit it—is it I Of course, Rutledge had his father in his true ? ' thoughl aas he spoke. lie was not prepared for "Yes," replied Uldene. "I am his wife, Verlie. toe terrible and sudden c I tinge that came over You remember the—the—letter you received on his mother. The horrible shock was too much for that night, Vet-lie?" she went on, quivering with her. suppressed, intense exeiten- en t. "What a terrible " Oh, God, that the thought must remain unbroken, mistake came near being made ? It was intended And h for me, Verlie ; not for you, , dear. It was not you By ythte horrible eswiftan ten d secret remainsealunspoken, a of death." whom he loved, Vet lie, dear, but me." With one mighty 'gasp, the soul was suddenly A strange quiet fell upon Verlie. The few artful words had their effect. The bound of Uhiene d trei,net from its ten. ment of clay. She fell back upon pillow—dead. voice fell upon her our like a sound from a distance. Verlie's faithful heart was wounded nigh unl o We will draw a veil, dear reader, over the scenes that f Unwed (luring t he next fortnight. death, but she made no sign. Sue longed to be alone, and think how nittelt Rutledge c Lester's Mrs. Cheater was laid to rest in the marble tomb mistake had cost her, end weep her heart out in of the Cheaters, and the terrible revelation she had secret over her broken love dream. awastedb uhieireed that th the contents "how vain and fooiii..h I Nt-nel to think he cared Ur me," titeuitht the your gni,. ~ of iiettidi Tas,ite.fh:trardi,st.leoeltliti e'barekhesatd not been made known to "It ii "Tay the senator, beeause Neils. Sefton had desired I it so. ,

===== 0002601_18931202_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
QUID PRO QUO.

A few years since, at one of our New Englana eolleges, the students had contracted such a habit of being out late at night that a law was put on requiring every student to be in at, or before, ten o'block in the evening, unless he should have per- mission for a later absence from one of the mas- ters; and the penalty, in case of infraction, was the remaining out all night, and being further dealt with in the morning. The porters who had charge of the outer doors through the night were instructed to allow no student to come in after the designated hour, under any pretence whatever, except the name had been given to them as that of one having permbssion to be absent to a later hour.

Well, on a certain evening Jack Windham, • merry-making, fun-loving, but really good and honest fellow, chanced to be half an hour late. He bad been in very pleasant company—the company of ladies—and the glittering momenta had passed unheeded. At half-past ten he knocked very gently at the outer door of the college dormitory. The old janitor of the institution happened to be on duty at the time—a work ho seldom performed ; but he had let the porters go away to an entertainment on this evening, and was sitting up in their gilt.. " Who's that 7" "It's I—Jack Windham. Is that you, Peabody?" " Yea." -

"Well, let me in. Come that's a good fellow." But the old janitor was stern. Ile could not break the laws of the college. At length, how ever, upon Jt.ek's pushing a silver dol.ar under the door' which Pe.l.)ody could reach and appro- priate, the door was carefully opened. The old fellow whispered to the student that he should make no nise, and would have pushed him to- wards the stairway, but Jack had forgotten some- thing. " Say ! Good old friend I I believe I've left a book on the window ledge outside. Will you slip out and get it for me ?" Without hesitation the old money-lover went out, and as soon as he had reached the step out- side Jack closed the door upon him and locked it. The poor janitor, not half dressod,w as shivering in the chill night air, and, speaking as handy ashe dared, he asked the student why he had looked him out. No answer.

" Jack ! Mr. Windham ! Will you let me in ! I am freezing ".. . _

" lie !i8 that you, Peabody? Ah ! you know what the law is, I N4'ould open the door if Idared, but the law forhids."

"0 ! nonsense? I opened the door for yon." "Did you ?" "Why, you know I did." "0 1-7-ah i—yes ! I remember me; and I gave you a silver dollar. My dear Peabody, present within mine optic range the same quid pro quo that I did give to thee, and in thou comeat. With a groan, the shivering janitor pushed the piece of 'silver under the door again, and was quickly thereafter admitted.

Thy. MR. EXTEMPORE : "My hearers, I shall 'have to ask your indulgence for a few minutes. I forgot my manuscript, and have sent ray little boy ior it." His son, mounting pulpit (in loud tone) : "Mamma couldn't find the writhe, but here's the book you copied it from." A SAILOR, about being married, could not fina change enough for the parson's fees. The reverend gentleman, unwilling to tie the couple without the accustomed fees, demurred. Jack, placing his hand in his pocket, drew out a few shilling, say- ing, "Never mind, sir, marry us as far as it will go." Tins world is so crowded that you can't pat one man on the back without stepping on another man's toes when you do it. A ra.tow stole a saw, and on trial told the judge he only took it in a joke. "How far did you carry it ?" asked the judge. "Two miles," answered the , prisoner. "That's carrying the joke too far,' remarked the judge, and the prinoo-* -- 1 mike_ d for further examination,. MR. JuNRS, kiting on a visit to a friend it' a Texas town, and havbg a good voice, was urged to sing in the local choir. He at last yielded. "I hear you have at last consented to sing in our ' choir?" said a lady on meeting him. "Yes, I have at last yielded. I believe that when you are at [tome imu_should howl with the wolves." _ ‘r IF4:, I•l'vat tile window at 1. a.m. to tipsy hus- band " Well, what's your 'excuse for coining home at this hour ?" Husband: "Let me in, Just come from the meeting of the labour union ; been considering what we'd do about the i recent strike." Wife : " Well, you just sit down I on the doorstep and consider what you'll do about 1 the rf...eent lock-oulf

- JOHNNY SmiyHERS : is Generals brave men?" Smithers : " Yes, my son; as a rule." Janny : "Then why does artists always make ,pctures of 'ern standing on a hill three milt:B anay, looking at the battle through an opera glass?" ; AN escaping prisoner seldom begs pardon for the I 1114. Ato..k4h•to•

===== 0002601_18931202_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PURSER CALLS ON THE CONSTABLE.

- - - -- When the parser of one of the White Star Line of steamships started, one day in June, 1891, to call on his friend, the constable of St. John's Market, Liverpool, neither the purser noir the constable could have had the slightest tuition ivhat results woldd lollow the conversa- tion which was yet to'telte place between them. Who can predict when an idea will knock up against a fact? Nobody. Yet, when it does, the sparks are apt to 81 and something gets done. The steam rushed from the spout of the tea-kettle; Watt saw it, and the steam- engine was born. Constable Hughes needed an item of information, The purser possessed it, and what the result was you will have to read the following statement to find out.

[cony.] " I William Hughes, of 24, Fo wler•street, Breck-roads Liverpool, do solemnly and sincerely declare as follows : " For upwards of eight years I was market constable at St. John's Market, Liverpool, and always enjoyed excellent health up to the spring of last year (1890), when owing to irregularity of meals I fell into a low, weak state, and felt so languid and tired that I could not make cap whatever had come over we. I had changed from a strong, healthy, cheerful man to a weak, nervous low-spirited condition. My appetit- fell away, I had na relish for my meals, and what little I ate gave me dis- tress and filled me with pain at my sides. I had a dreadful pain in the small of my back as if I had bees stabbed.' Later on my eyes and skin were of a salloW colour, and my urine was very high coloured, and I threw up a quantity of thick phlogin. I ttrativally got weaker and weaker, and was only able to keep on with my work with difficulty. I struggled on as best I could. I lost a deal of sleep at night, for I would wake up at early morn, and could not get to sleep again, and when I got up in the morning I telt weak and tired. I lost all my former energy and spirit and felt so nervous and miserable, • as if isome- i hing was hanging over me? In the market I walked b..ait in a wretched way, for I was so nervous that; I shook all over role, and my bands shook •as if magne- tiscd.' In thisestate I continued until September, 1800, when I took cold, and I felt that my kidneys and heart were affected.. I went to a doctor, who said my ail' meat was produced by cold ; be gave me medicine, but I got no better. In the latter part of September, I noticed that with the phlegm I spat up blood, and this alarmed me, for fear my lungs were affected. As the blood-spitting did not cease, I went in November to a clever physician, who sounded me back and front, and told me my heart, kicineys, and lungs were all right ; but he said, • I would not give much for your liver.' I Look his physic for some time, but I got no better, and I began to despair of ever getting better again. I neat spent pound after poiind, trying all the remedies I could bear of, and I also, saw several chemists and doctors, but nothing gave me any real benefit. In January last I got so downhearted, and weak that I lost all heart and had to give up my employment, and I lingered in this wretched condition until June last, when a friend of mine, who is a purser on the White Sat Line of Steamers called at my house and told me of a medicine called Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, and recommended it so highly, and begged me to give it a fair trial. I seof at once to Lewis's, in Ranelagh-street; and got a bottle of the Syrup, and commenced taking it, and in two day's f It easier, my food digested, and I enjoyed my food. After this the pain and languor left me, asd I soon re- gained my former good state of health, and have never felt better, in my life than I have done since. Alto- gether I took four bottles, and I thank Seigel's Syrup for my present good state of health. For the benefit of others whom it may concern, I give full permission to the proprietors of the medicine to make what use they think of this statement.

"And 1 make this solemn declaration conscientiously believing the same to be true, by virtue of the provi- sions ()The Statutory Declarations Act, 1835 (5 and 6 William IV., c. 62).

(Signed) William Hugbea. " Taken and declared by tbe.saicil

-William Hughes tit Liver- pool, aforesaid, this 11th day I of September,. 1891, before t me, W. Boyle, a Corn. ( missioner to administer Oaths in the Supreme Court of tiao. Judicature in England." In the name of the miserable multitude who suffer from indigestion and dyspepsia we beg to thank the purser,because thefour millions who live within a radios of thirty miles from Manchester, most of whom know where St. John's Market is, will read this incident, and hundreds will owe their restored health to it. Whoso- ever scatters useful knowledge is a benefactor to his kind. This the purser has done. We also congratulate Mr. Hughes on the fact that his friend called at 24, Fewler-st., just when he did. Men are apt to talk of errands as "important" or "not important." Who knows in advance what is important and what is not? No one on earth. We don't know why the purser Set out to look up the Constable that day, but wo risk the assertion that what he actually did was a thousand times more important than what he went to do.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
LPACHE GEORGE.

Feats extraordinary appear to be common in Atneries• Apache George, a cowboy who has gone through maw/ vicissitudes in his lifetime, is capable of great smartness . and dexterity with the lasso, and also with the whir'. ' As illustrating this, he took a rope, and putting a run- ' ning noose at one end, he a.ked a newsnaper reporter, before whom he was experimenting, to go dawn the ' street and walk towards him. Re first caught the : reporter's left foot with the rope as he went to make a step, throwing the rope with his right hand. 'then the reporter jumped up and down with both feet as if skip- , ping a rope, and Geerge pinioned both legs. Quick as 2` fiash, be caught his right arm, then his left, and pulling the rope tight, threw a half hitch over both arms finished with another hitch round the neck. lie then • did a number of fancy tricks, such as catching the 'reporter on a dead run and theft throwing the rope • bait hitch over a man standing close to the spot where he brought his first captive to a standstill. Lassea . horses, men on waggons with horses going at a trot, or • catching small boys by the feet as they ran, 'child's play to Apache George, "Now, take this paper., ! said George, handing the repsater a piece of newspaPe'l , about six inches long, and folded up. He next produceo - , a " blacksnake" whip that measured twelve feet froni the tip of the buckskin" cracker "to the handle. Tell- .1 ing the reporter to hold the paper at arm's length,George hacked off, and began cutting the paper off an inch at.: , -=--- time. As the paper grew shorter and shorter, ti dte :' stinging lash wielded by the man standing twelve away cut nearer and nearer to the reporter's fingers, ar grew nervous ; but just as he was about to tell APaCr" ':,. - . George that he was satisfied—more than satiefied• li , fact,—the cowboy gave the whip an extra flourish, atl r.., with a crack like a pistol shot, the lash cut the paPt clean and clean less than a quarter of an inch frotr.... 7 finger ends. " Now, l'ilshow you something else.' 75, ~.. George. Taking two chairs, he called one man wigb' ,• " ~., 180 pounds, and another weighing 165 pounds and fiE them to beseated. Standing between the chairs.Geort! t alDoll` took off his hat, and dividing his long hair so tha halt it hung on either shoulder, he stooped and told toile.. men to take hold of his hair with both hands, and b 1...° on as they would to a rope. The men obeyed. VI raur _ill Apache George straightened up, lifting both men ce ,r 4,ty the chairs. 'there they swung, holding on to his 131„ii .: for a second or two, when astonishment made loosen their grip and drop their feet to the ground.u, 1,11 ~ haven't got an iron jaw," laughed George, " b t _., - pull against any man in this town with my hair for ao.s amount of money."

I

MAKE WINE AT HOM A SamplelSi zpepnz bottlefree fo rw --4,-. E for the Children's fly Parties foim MASON'S WINN IisSENCES. Nomaomot.—Acirt. Very few, indeed, are the known instances in which_ iniii:lieiak:Ll).lll-.,pns,.,:_gvalEwinnßolf dius,pAleNn,ud iiirsoinge,t men in high rank have voluntarily, adjured their titles and estates to assume the workrxian's garb. Yet this 15 what the Duo de Gailiera, who has just died at NaPle6. did. On the death of his lather he positively declined to take his title, but donned workman's clothes and cBll,..eti himself Ferrari. His mother tried to induce him to tase his rank and buhave like a rational being, hut utterlY tailed. She saw that it was useless to leave her vaßt wealth to such an extraordinary man, and left a great,

deal in charity. BRONCIIITTA COUGHS, COLDS, PAINS IN THE CHF-ST. SIIORTNbS3 OF BREAM, PRLEGAI—DR. LOCOCK'S PULitiONIC WAErns give immediate relief, a rapid cure, and nothing else gives such a sound, refreshing night's res . In matic and Nervous Complaints they act like a charm. To Fdrigerl they are invaluable ler el, firing and strengthening the voice. They don't taste like medicine. Sold b 9 medicine vendors at l. ltd. and 2s. gi. per box. eatrTioll• —The genuine Dr. locock's medicines have the name in the I (4°Y,rnx!testè scamp, and tle Trade aVk (" Da. LococX")r

telibil.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
...0° f / I°. ° I • ', —k ' 1 / j , • I I i ! , . i t % : 1 ..e ' ~ 'AI \I ;:../ 41 i (111 1 , , • s 1

===== 0002601_18931202_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
talk

===== 0002601_18931202_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
1 , $ , , , , . jr V. , L I. • i- .. 4111

===== 0002601_18931202_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
A WORD IN ,CONFIDENCE.

It is a pleasant duty to give honour, where justly ll▪ Cer but in these times we reserve the right to exercise our discretion as to what is worthy of praise. .{We must not, however, in our caution fail to clis- v":ninate ; must not condemn the Navy because one Officer blunders ; must not ridicule or underestimate the value of our universities because one graduate makes a failure in life ; must not mock at religion because one •Inernber goes wrong ; must not sneer at the entire raZaical profession because one physician makes a mis- , 'lei nor decry all proprietary medicines beeause some iack merit. ~ While it is the duty of everyone to detect and avoid !pa ardent pretender and the grasping imposter, one 'Could always give credit where it is due. You may nitla confidence rely upon the statement made the 10th ;`...angust, 1893, by Mr. John Long, Bricklands, Bury Gosport, Hants. He writes : " I feel it my duty r° give a statement of ray illness, and my recovery. ~.„Q,Ur Years ago I was taken with what seemed a oomph-- ruton of diseases. I suffered frequent attacks of giddi- "aa ; and could not rest day nor night ; suffered ex- ; Zucia.ting pains all over my body, especially severe in ttbacki belew shoulder-blades, sometimes -extending o T "137 arms. My appetite was poor, and what little food ate distressed me. I cou:d not walk, nor even stand ' !Pright. I was also tortured by severe pains in my Test and hoarseness, which the club doctor said was ace to weakness of the lungs. My local doctor treated Ifte for two years, without effeccing amelioration, in r, after all this time he said • you have Kidney %ease, and there is no cure for you. , A friend, to whom I told the doctor's verdict, said -taLke Warner's Safe Cure : it cured a friend of mine ti;u° Was just like you.' The following Sunday he ought his friend to see me and speak for himself, and confirmed his praise of this medicine. I immediately ~,,"ugan to take it and now lam happy to say, am cam- L'etely cured. I owe my life to this medicine, and its 'Jerks aannot be too widely known."

===== 0002601_18931202_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
"CAPITAL" CHAT.

," Permanent " hardly applies to the office of under-Secretary for Ireland, although the adjecti-ve ,tigures in every official reference to the post. It 48.8 been vacant four times within the past seven sears.- Of course the Unionists began to give the Itppointment a political character when they sent Bir Robert Hamilton to Tasmania for the offence of being a convinced Home Ruler. However, in view tf the change which must come within a few 3:ears, it does not much matter who holds the posi- tion just at present. This is especiably the case %chile the Chief-Secretaryship is held by so indus- trious and energetic an official as Mr. John Morley. Ili the days when Irish Chief Secretaries troubled theiselves very little about Irish affairs, and re- taa.med in London when the exigencies of a coercion Policy did not absolutely compel them to make a 11571ng visit to Dublin Castle, the Under-Secretary Was the real ruler of the island.

In Mr. Balfour's time Sir West Ridgway had a 12retty free hand, and it was suspected that he was rBl)Sinsible for some of the acts generally attributed t? his Chief; consequently his transference to the i4nt&ed post of Governor of the kingdom of the :erbys (isle of Man) will be very popular in the 'cltintry which he leaves. Sev,-

so "earY pages of amendments to the Parish ilacils Bill confronted members of the House of tramons when Mr. Mellor took the chair some f 4P, ago. Monday night's work was considered creditable, no less than two clauses have been raevP.n_ed of; but only four pages out of the seventy situ', 'Jean considered. The Opposition's plan is and evident. Whet do the Government pro- Pose to do? Mr. Gladstone will probably make a Itte:tement as to the intentions of the Government lem."18 week, and the "Times" anticipates him, en- On the difficulties wantonly created by the PPesition. It puts the alternative before Ministers With brutal frankness. Either the Closure or the „7,4onment of the Bill must be faced—the ii.,Vreeit'" suggestions for "lightening" the measure er really too tumorous to deserve 'notice. If the °sure is adopted, says the "Times 'in effect, we ave the Lorae to fall back upon with perfect confidence.

ioAll the hopes of the reactionary elements of raCletY are flow centred in the Upper Chamber. So thiMb the worse for their lordships. Last evening r, 6 Premier managed easily to give the hereditary i'teintlemen a snub which they must have keenly felt, t°llol they anticipated it. Ministers did much o__ • wards giving the Lords an idea of how little they riniAll,enc e Public policy, though they yet have the uto defy the will of the people. When they qaTcted Betterment at Lord Salisbury's behest they t 80 with lighe they hearts. /vow ey are beginning .su a7re.gret their action. The idea of retreating over k ...41d.ge constructed with the aid of the Commons ingenious—but it was too impudent to be racticable. The Commons want no inquiry. They made up their minds; and now, their lord- Can pursue an independent investigation.

inThere is a great assemblage of Tories this week the neighbourhood of Cardiff. At St. Fagans, miles off, Lord Windsor, the Lord Lieutenant • ulamor t - is housing politicans ;at Dun- , rave_ g nre, u Castle, about twenty miles off, the Earl of tee_at ilk is entertaining orators ; at Tredegar House, lflMiles distant., the Marquis of Salisbury is stay- eitg with Lord Tredegar.; at Llandaff, a suburb of fuir,(l.iff, Sir Edward Hill, M.P., has his residence th, ' while Sir Morgan Morgan in Cardiff shelters e residue. Card h -- must he a tantalising place to the Tories. ;r; part°Pe deferred leads to sickness, then the Tory 4 in the town must be sadly in want of a phy- Raci• a.n. The borough on the Taff always returns a faet!eal, but there is generally a soupgrm of satis- 14requently i 8 lou to he derived from the fact that the majority small, considering that it is about the titftg,,est electorate in the country. What, for in- wh-ce, is a deteat by two or three hundred votes va,ela there are something like sixteen thousand 'es on the register ?

m an, who now poses before the clistit- J, IS Pror,r; altogether a stranger, for he is part theect( rno one of the smartest Tory papers n Pahl' Kingdom, the" Western Mail,', which is abo I"ed in Cardiff. Nevertheless, he knows more r tit 4rPlndia than the borough which he seeks to Ill'ellt• Cardiff Tories can always allure their Ratb`al?lentary victims by the glamour, Of great erings. Although they cannot snow such thetted throngs as will flock to a Radical meeting, !etaa,. call pack the Park Hall, if not to repletion, at a Point which will impress and deceive a 'Op 'o'e, who is not acquainted with what the P hition party are capable of.

AN. • -- Rdwv ominent feature in Cardiff political life is Sir 11.0 AI1411) Or, rather, Colonel Sir Edward Hill, M.P., itt Li 01, but liris't--". He is member for one of the divisions of , having built himself a large residence the ,-°,.hdaff, he is more in evidenca in Wales than in elle "es t of Eiagland. And very voluminous evid- thee it is too. It is true that he plays the part of Ott ,grand i.eigneur, and only makes an appearance he at Occasions; but be is the Panjandrum when 110,„„e"dewends to be viewed by the multitude. --ever 1 • +lce° , lis friends bear with his autocracy on big 1111 t of his dinners, and though they laugh at , *43l:oPosity they accept his invitations.

tia°lll3sTopsdov afternoon the members of the Chriscal Union (London branch) assembled in Wan °lree to hear an address from Mr. Graham leet-as uPon "The poor law, old and new." The hiture turned out to be a very lucidly arranged hoirical argument upon the problem of the able- -ed unemployed forming,as the lecturer himself tjkßested, an introduction to Malewellyn Smith's litiPeort upon the unemployed of all nations, jest is- pza:l.b,37 the Board of Trade. The burden of it all nat eaeh and every experiment to " set the °n. work " for profit had failed and would fail. p4e- nil Stake made was that promoters of schemes 1:41:...,0nnt content to find work for the unemployed, ,at some body or other—private individual, or out nr Government—must needs make a profit I th em .

thl-4•Il• Burrows, who followed, would not allow witt,t municipal workshops could not be opened th 'bout loss, the middleman eliminated, and pi.:, goods sold in the ope,l tnarket at a fair gp;"t_t• The impression in the mind of nearly every the/titer. waa that the time fnr action had come if co nation was to be raved from the danger of a p litinually increasing proportion of its starving 8 "Pie knocking at the doors. Speaker after 4eaker laid ,tress upon the fact that in Woolwich ZSelial Rnrl other Government workshops the men b'eere work in g over:ime, and so adding to the num- kr CI thR unemployed. In summing up, Canon znott Holland rehic'ed to think that when the de- laZran:v handled, as they speedily would, the poor- Rho administration, while every tenderness was ~ Wn the aged and infirm, the severe side of the "'rniPhatratioo, where seeded, would he applied to

LU 3A

the morally and socially worthless in a way which it was impossible for its present administra- tors to do.

Not a day passes that some incident does not arise to justify the distrust which the poor feel in the administration of the law. A case which has already been commented upon by some papers merits immediate notice from the Home Secretary. The victim is a poor man name.l Read, who was convicted of armed night poaching last week by a Northampton jury—another jury had disagreed— and sent to gaol for three months. Not a vestige of proof that Read and his companions were armed was offered. They were surpriseel by a farmer and his three sons, who were armed. Read was knocked down and held, while these peaceable agriculturists fired on the retreating poachers, badly wounding one man. Then Read was hauled before the magistrates and sent for trial to the as- sizes, with the result indicated.

The identity of the other men was known, but Read was victimised. If, as should have been the case, the man who fired on human beings under such circumstances had been ttied for attempted murder, Read would have been the most important witness. The administrators of "justice " not only declined to take steps to punish the real criminal, but promptly closured the witness ot hi • crime. And yet, there are men who fe.gn surprise because the rustics distrust the squires on the bench. In this instance, judges' justice went hand in hand with justices' justice. Three months was a scanda- lous sentence for such an offence. Read was poach- ing, no doubt ; but the safety of a rabbit is deemed a more sacred trust by the law than human life. Hr. Asquith ought to lose no time in becoming acquainted with the facts of this outrageous case.

It is again strongly rumoured that some of the Peers wil make an attempt when the Employer.' Liability Bill is before them to re.inAate in some form the doctrine of "common employment." This would, of course, mean a vital blow at the principle of the whole bill, and would be tantamount in effect, though not in form, to dividing on the second reading.

The Tories are still fishing for "a London pro- gramme" to put in opposition to that which ha. sent an overwhelming majority of Radicals to the County Council. 1 hear that the Duke of Norfolk is among those who declare that something must be done. The Duke, in fact, has gone so far as to admit that the present method of taxation in the capital is not satisfactory, and the Tory proposal will, it is certain, include some plan for stopping the immigration of destitute aliens. This last is a catching cry in the East End. '

A crisis has arisen in English Anarchism which is traceable to other influences than the refusal of the use of Trafalgar Square. The evidence ef this crisis is provided in the fact that a conference has been summoned, at which the exact position of the party will be defined. This conference is rendered all the more necessary inasmuch as the section which de- nounces the advocates of bomb-throwing is daily growing in strength. One of the purposes of the conference is to define the attitude of Anarchism towards Socialistic bodies, but an intimation has been received from leading Socialists that there can be no interchange of opinion so long as outrages of the Barcelona type are applauded. What, however, is of more moment to the Anarchists is that the members of the moderate section of the party have distinctly declared that they will no longer contribute towards the furds unless the wilder pro- paganda is abandoned. This means that a sece,sion is probable. In such an event a good deal of interest will attach to the attitude of Prince Kropotkin.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
-----.,---'''s

Line of LII on his iverpool. I had th• :onversa- n. Who , a fact? pt to sly mom the

a stean37

item of rhat the .atement.

ek-road, tare

()astable enjoyed ) • (1890), 0 a low, • ould not hauged nervous . bad as me dis- , I had a I ad bees , 1 sallovr ed, and Isl. I Ls only i Ilty. I , deep at ,uld not ruing I .gy and f borne- walked a that 1

magne- , 1890,

rny ail- ae, but nber, thiS As the

er to a

right ; 'er: I , and I next [ could rs, tut

last I rt and in this

end of ice of

===== 0002601_18931202_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
Mier c the adine know and loso- bia t 24, talk Lnt." at, iS UrSer rigk sand

===== 0002601_18931202_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
,ALL

THE WARRINGTON CHAMBER OF COM:

MERCE. ,1 We have received the following communication from the Warrington Chamber of Commerce, which will be of interest to the local manufacturers : " It is much to he regretted that British merchants and manufacturers do not adequately exert themselves, like the German to fill the place vacated by France, in conse- quence of the existing commercial misunderstanding between the two countries, as purveyers of the very best class of goods to Switzerland. To effect this there should be some combination with the object of maintain- ing a commercial agent in Switzerland, who would, at fixed times, visitthe chief trade centres and fashionable health resorts with patterns and samples of British goods such as gentlemen's and ladies articles of dress, broad- cloths for officers' uniforms (that sent from Germany being inferior in quality), the hest English carpets, car- riage springs, and fittings of all kinds, boots and shoes H(adapting their shape to present requirements) and every kind of iron and leather article, of superior qual- ity with which Germany is unable to compete in excel- lence. To quote a case in point: Application was made recently to a person of high position in Berne for the , address in England of a manufacturer of bunting, by a person who supplies the Swiss Government with flags under contract, and had hitherto always obtained that material from France. Again the manager of a large boot and shoe shop in Berne, which was noted for its stock of British manufacture, recently informed a cus- tomer that he could no longer supply his family with the article, as the general fancy was still for painted toes and the new fashioned square ones sent him from Eng- land were as yet too little appreciated in Switzerland. This is another instance of the inability of British manu- facturers fully to comprehend the importance of adapting manufactures to the requirements of foreign consumers. The Chamber has also received particulars of a great International exhibition to be held in Hobart, Tasmania, in 1894-95. Any local firm who would care to exhibit will be supplied with full particulars on application to the secretary, Market Gate Chambers.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
SENSATIONAL INCIDENTS IN DITBLIN,

A tin box with a fuse attached to it was discovered in the precincts of the Aklberough Barrack, Dublin on Sunday morning. On examination it was found that the fuse had been ignited but had gone out. The box contained a quanity of saturated materal and a cap of the detonator type, to which the fuse was attached. It has not up the present been ascertained whether the box was thrown over the wall into the barrack yard or placed Where it was found by a person inside. Early on Monday morning an incident occurred which, viewed in 1 the light of the foregoing statement, may be of some importance. About one o'clock a member of the Dublin police force on.duty in Sackville-street heard a sharp report in Tyrone Place, near the Roman Catholic Cathe- dral,and on going the spot found a burning fuse but no trace of explosive material. He subsequently arrested a man named Walter Sheridan, in whose pocket he found a box containing a number of detonators. Sheri- dan was charzed at the Northern Divisional Police Court on Monday afternoon with having an explosive in his possession in suspicious circumstances. He was allowed to give evidence on his own behalf, and stated that he had purchased the box of detonators from a man in a public-house on Saturday, net knowing what they were. The prisoner was remanded for a week. There was a sensational development of the fuse incident in Dublin on Monday night. A man named Patrick Reid. a bricklayer, who had been with Sheridan at the time of his arrest, was shot dead between seven and eight o'clock, in a dark and unfrequented locality. No arrest has been made. Later information states that the shooting of the man Patrick Reid in Cardiff-lane on Monday night caused a great sensation in Dublin when the facts of the occur- rence became known to the citizens on Tutsday morning. Taken in connection with the discovery of dynamite on Sunday last at the Aldborough Barracks, it is generally beliaved that the incident will furnish a clue to the police upon which they will be able to work out some solution of the series of explosive outrages that have taken place in the city during the past two years. No additional information is airailable as yet in reference to the occurrence, except that the police have been very active and have brought several persons to Dublin Castle for the purpose of subjecting them to inquiries. None of these parties were detained, and it is not known whether information of any character was elicited from them. As to the shooting of Reid, many theories are suggested, but the one which finds most favour is that the unfor- tunate man, haying apparently some knowledge of the secrets of the conspiracy, He urged by his companions to leave the country. He had in his possession when killed V, a sum which a man in his position would not be likely to have unless there were some special reasons for it, and he was pr.bably given the money to pay his passage. It would seem likely that it was in conse- quence of a reluctance to leave at the last moment that his friends resolved to do away with him. Nearly all the steamers for English and Scotch ports leave about seven o'clock, and ire was possibly on his return from the quay, having made up his mind not to go, that his friends accompanied him into the dark place where he was afterwards found dead.

Lord Randolph Churchill's incongruous combination of brown boots and silk hat annoys tho " County Gentle- man." "Why." it a,ka, " does he wear brown boots with a top hat ? It looks too shocking for words. I saw several exquisites nearly faint away when they encoun- tered this anachronism in dress. Someone really should tell his lordship that brown boots do not go with a silk hat." llorr Joseph ITollman, the distinguished violoncello player, was born at Maestricht forty-one years ago. He was only eighteen when he secured the first prize for the 'cello at the Conservatoire of Brussels,

===== 0002601_18931202_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
'IIIE 14',XA MINER, SA TURDAY. DECEMBER 2, 1893.

A ettEWF, M[RACLE. .

A RAILWAY MAN'S ESCAPE.

(From the Crewe " Advertiser.") Crewe, the great railway town of the North of Eng- land, is one of the most extraordinary instances of large towns suddenly springing up owing to some special or fartuitous circumstance. A few months ago Coppen- hall, hitherto nothing but a sort of semi-rural suburb, was incorporated with the borough, and that is how it corn s tbout th tt Mr, Willkm Cornea, of 56, Bradfield- road, considers himself a native of Crewe. The reason for sending an " Advertiser" reporter to interview the gentleman above-named was to discover the truth or otherwise as to some rumours that had been going about with regard to what we might call an experience of suffering and miraculous cure through which he had gone. The reporter found him digging in his neat and well- kept back garden, for, owing to the eoal strike, the rail- way works were OR short time, and this was one of his enforced and unwelcome holidays. On being told the nature of the reporter's errand, Mr. Cornea very soon grew eloquent upon his sufferings. In October, 1892, he was attacked by a severe cold, which in the following spring developed into acute rheumatism in his leg and hip. As he himself feelingly said : " It was so bad that I couldn't sit straight in my chair for five minutes together ; and after I had got a little sleep, the pain of shifting in bed or trying to get up in the morning was really excruciating." "Did you go to work ?" "Yes, I managed to hobble backwards and forwards to the locomotive shop where I work, but I was in aw- ful agony. I couldn't stoop, and when I went to wash myself, I couldn't even bend down to the basin." " And you are quite well now ?" " Quite," arid ho gave an expressive glance towards the potatoe bed he had been digging, as much as to say "That doesn't look like rheumatism, does it ?" Well, Mr. Cornea, go on with your interesting story, please." " I tried everything—doctor's stuff, patent medicine of all sorts, and those little common remedies, such as turpentine, that my friends told me about, but nothing touched it, even for five minutes. One night, however, I was noting the' Liverpool Co urier," when I came across a remarkable case cured by Dr. Williams' Pink , Pills for Pale People, and I sent off at once for a box. " Well, I hadn't taken one box before I felt better,and by the time I had got through three,tny pain had all dis- appeared, and I could walk, stoop, and dig. But it did more for me than even that." " More still !" .

" Yes. I had been deaf for nigh on twelve years, but when I had taken two boxes of these pills, to my great astonishment and delight, I began to hear plainly, and by the time four boxes had gone, my deafness had al- most quite gone too." " And you attribute all this to the pills ?" "Why, what else could it have been ? It was them sure enough." Miss Elizabeth Beecher, an adopted thughter of Comes came in in the middle of her Saturday cleaning up and corroborated all that her father had said. Indeed she was even more enthusiastic than Mr. Cornea himself on the chanoe for the better the pills had worked in his appearance and in his health. It was painful, she said, to see him moving about, and nothing seemed to have the slightest effect until he heard of these pills, which worked a change nothing short of miraculous. " And you think, Miss Beecher, that these pills cured him." •

"I only know we tried almost everything under the sun but nothing touched the pain until he began these pills, when it went with marvellous quickness." Thanking Mr. Comes and his adopted daughter for their courtesy, the reporter left, deeply impressed with their story. Dr. Williams' Pink Pals are a positive and unfailing ' cure from all diseases arising from an impoverished state of the blood,such as anwinia, pale and sallow com- plexion, green sickness, general muscular weakness, de- pression of spirits, loss of appetite, palpitation of the heart, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, loss of memory, early decay, all forms of female weakness, hysteria, paralysis, locomotor ataxy, rheumatism, and sciatica; else of all diseases arising from vitiated humours in the blood, which cause scro- fula, rickets, hip joint diseases, chronic erysipelas, con- sumption of the bowels and lungs, and that they invi- gorate the blood and system when broken down by over work and worry, diseases, excesses and ,indiscretions of living. These Pills are not a purgative medicine. They contain nothing that could imjure the most delicate sys- tem. They act directly on the blood, supplying to the latter its life-giving qualities, by assisting it to absorb oxygen, the great supporter of all organic life. In this way, the blood becoming "built up," and becoming supplied with its lacking constituents, becomes rich and .1 red, and nourishfs the various organs, stimulating them to activity in the performance of their functions, and thus eliminating diseases from the system. These rills are manufactured by the Dr. Williams Medicine Company, of 48, Holborn Viaduct, London, E.C. (and of Brockville, Canada), and are sold only in boxes bearing the frm's trademark and wrapper, at 2s. 9d. a box, or six boxes for 13s. 9d. Pamphlet free by post on application. Bear in mind that Dr. Williams' Fink Pills for Pale People are never sold in bulk, or by the dozen or hundred, and any dealer who offers substi- tutes in this form is trying to defraud you, and should be avoided.

Dr. Pink Pills may be had of all chemists, or direct by post from Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, from the above address. The price at which those pills are sold makes a course of treatment comparative'y in- expensive as compared with other remedies or medical treatment.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
BRITISH WORKMAN'S AND GENERAL

ASSURANCE COMPANY.

PRESENTATION TO MR. H. PORT.

The splendid reception accorded to Mr. H. Port. the Founder and Managing Director of the British Work- men's and General Assurance Company, at the Cannon- street Hotel, London, will long be regarded as one of the most noteworthy features in the Insurance History of the present year. The testhnonial presented to Mr. Port proves how highly he is esteemed by his confreres, and:it must have been particularly gratifying to him to find that after his long and anxious years of service, his great ability and merits have been widely acknowledged. The presentation was made by Mr. Sessions, the Inspec- tor of the Southern Division. the occasion of the gather- ing at Cannon-street Hotel being to bring the Company's representatives belonging to the London and South of England Divisions in touch with each other, BO that their efforts might be stimulated. Mr. Port's reply was in every way worthy of him, and he was repeatedly greeted with enthusiastic cheering. The great success ot the Company is unquestionably owing to Mr. Port's consummate tact and indomitable perseverance. Mr. Port believes in leading men, not driving them. As to the present position bf the " British Workman's," we find that it has considerably more than half a million of assurants. It has paid in Claims over £1,200,000, and the Annual Income exceeds £330,000. About ten years ago, it was only between seventy and eighty thou- sand pounds. It will thus be seen that the progress of the Company has been by leaps and bounds. Another strong point in favour of the " British Workman's " is that it is most merciful and considerate to its poorer members. Last year the Company gave back nearly six thousand pounds ! The recent gathering at the Can- non-st. Hotel will no doubt stimulate the agents of the Company to renewed exertions. And it will not only do this, but be a lasting and convincing proof with what affection and veneration the Managing Director of the Company is held by its officials, and by the insurance world generally. From a comparatively insignificant position, Mr. Port has raised the 6' British Workmen's into the very front rank of the industrial offices. He was the Founder of the Company, and be has every rea- son to be proud of the great work he has achieved.

Mr. Sims Reeves receives thirty shillings per hour for teaching at the Guildhall School. This is in additiou to the fees he receives from pupils.

CURED OTHERS, WILL CURE YOU! Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago. Piles, Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaints. Diseases of Kidneys, Bladder, Urinary Organs, Stone, Oleet, Stria tore, Sciatica, Rheumatism, and Gout, will find a positive cure in Holdroyd'a Gravel Pills. Try a small hos, coo If not satisSedyour money will Ge ',turned. Pries Is ltd. Of all chemists, or post free for 12 stamps from H OLD- ROYD'S Medical Hall, Cleelcheaton, Yorka. Don't be put off. If you cannot get them write to We Proprietor, anti a box will be sent next post.—Adot.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON SOCIAL QUESTIONS

UNION.

FIRST ANNUAL MEETING.

The first annual IX eeting of the Warrington Social Questions Union was held at the Young Men's Christian Association Rooms, on Monday evening. Tho Rev. John Yonge presided. There was a large attendance of members.

The Rev. W. H. DkIIMMOND apologized for the absence of the Rev. J. W. Varley (secretary), who, he said, was ill in bed with influenza. Mr. Varley had forwarded hie books to him. Mr. Robert Garnett, Miss Dutton and Mr. John Gandv were also unavoidably absent. In Mr. Varley's absence be would present a short statement of the work which had been done by the union. This was called the first annual meeting, though, as a matter of fact, the union had not been ia existence a year. It was thought convenient to make November the time for hllding the annual meeting; indeed by the rules they had adopted they were compelled to hold it in that month.

TEE ANNUAL REPORT Op THE GENERAL PURPOSES COMMITTEE. The Rev. W. H. DRUMMOND then read the report of 1 the General Purposes Committee as follows :—" The Warrington Social Questions Union sprang out of a desire to take corporate action for the moral and social improvement of the town, irrespective of religions or political part). Sensible as the promoters of the union were of the valuable work done by the existing agencies in our midst, they were as far as possible from wishing t) interfere with them, either by the attractien a, new society might offer, or by attempting to do work which others have long done with great efficiency. But they felt the pressure of common evils calling for a more strenuous expression of common moral convictions. Corporate feeling and action are least of all to be des- pised when the object in view is the training of the public conscience, the raising of the public ideal, and the effective use of such remedies for public Ws as have already obtained the sanction of the Legislature. It cannot be too clearly stated that the union exists only to promote objects which must be cherished by every worthy citizen, righteousness, good-will, and the possi• bility of a good life for all. It may be asked what has the union done ? What is it going to do ? The first question must be answered simply by the statement that it has only been in existence for a few months, and few people will surely be found to cavil at its wisdom in devoting itself so far mainly to the work of quiet investi- igation. To the second question, what is it goingto do? only one reply is possible. It depends entirely upon the citizens of Warrington. It is theirs—a civic institution —to fashion into a noble instrument of good if they choose to do so. Perhaps its first and paramount duty is to devote itself to the education of the public con- science and the training of an intelligent public opinion on social questions. In this task it asks fer the hearty co-operation of all, and especially of those whose larger privileges of culture and education seem to lay upon them a special duty in this respect towards the commu- nity in which they live. In these first tentative months two public meetings have been held under the auspices of the union, on May let in the Lecture Room of the Museum, when the chair was occupied by the Rev. J. Yonge, and the names of several members were received and on November 13th, in the Co-operative Hall, under the presidency of Mr. Monks, J.P., when addresses were delivered by the Revs. J. Yonge, R. A. Armstrong, and C. F. Aked, of Liverpool. Other meetings with a view to arousing public attention to the objects of the union are contemplated. The work and aims of the various committees may be judged from their reports, which are appended." (Applause.)

TEMPEINCE COMMITTER. Mr. DRUMMOND then read extracts from the reports of the various committees. He remarked that the Temper- ance Committee spoke with pleasure of the manner in which the backdoor question was successfully brought forward at the Brewster Sessions. They spoke of the need of vigilance with regard to theatrical licences. The report ended by deploring the accession of strength to the liquor interest at the last municipal elections.

GAMBLING COMMITTEE. The Anti-Gambling Committee had been largely em- ployed in collecting facts, which revealed the fact that the evils of gambling were very widespread in their midst. The matter would be further considered, when the facts had been sufficiently collected and the union was clear as to the action which should be taken.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
SOCIAL PURITY COMMITTER.

The Social Purity Committee had mainly devoted itself to accumulating facts concerning inner morality, with the result that the committee were convinced that there was a great deal of difficult work before them. One of the first actions of the committee was to invite the co- operation of a number of ladies,who had formed a com- mittee to act in conjunction with the Social Purity Com- mittee, and they would doubtless be able to do a great deal of valuable preventative work. A series of dinner hour meetings for women and girls engaged in workshops and factories bad been commenced.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
HOME LIFE commirrag.

The Condition of Home Lite Committee had also been employed mainly in collecting facts with regard to the housing of the poor in the town ; and as they would seo, that was a matter that required a considerable amount of time and attention. Before any public action could be takers it was necessary for them to accumulate a great many facts, and have the case clearly put before them.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
LAI3OI7R COMMITTEE.

The Labour Committee presented a somewhat lengthy report. The Secretary had informed him that the com- mittee applied to the Labour Department of the Board of Trade for a free copy of the " Labour Gazette " for the year, to the committee, and it had been granted. A series of the first Acts of Parliament governing the con- ditions of labour had been secured for the use of the committee. A movement of some importance affecting the shop assistants' half-holiday was brought under the notice of the committee, and it was decided to request I an interview from a deputation of the Shop Assistants' Association, which was granted. It took place on the 21st of July, and it was decided that the committee should help the shop assistants as far as possible in ob- taining the half-holiday. But, unfortunately, came a great period of distress,and it had not been possible to do anything further in the matter, but it would not be lost sight of, as the committee regarded it as A great social movement. The report spoke of the efforts to eAablish a labour bureau. So far nothing definite had been effected, but the committee reported that they hoped to be successful in establishing a labour bureau in Warrington.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
EDUCATION AND RECREATION COMMITTEE.

11 The report of the Educational and Recreative Com- mittee said that the dulne,s of hie in many of the close and thickly populated districts was answerable for heavy drinking and other forms of wrong-doing. One step had been taken in the direction of providing healthy recreation by the inauguration of a series of Saturday evening concerts. They had been a marked succe&s. Thanks were duo to Mr.Stringer,and the Rev.J. W.Varley for the zeal with which they had thrown them- selves into the movenaent. The committee desired to thank the managers of the Co-operative Society for the generous manner in which they had placed their hall at the disposal of the committee. The committee had ap- proached the committee of the Infirmary and the mem- bers of the Board of Guardians with a view to provid- ing newspapers and other suitable reading for the patients at the Infirmary and the Workhouse. Thee.", Mr. Drummond remarked, were the summaries of the reports of the various committees. It did not appear that a great deal of work had been accomplished, hut he thought what he had read showed them the sort of work which the union had in view, and was endeavouring to do. The union was wise in thus attempting, first of all, to make sure of its facts. All staple social reforms must be based up.m a reliable knowledge of social evils. It might be that for some few months in many depart- ments they would have to devote themselves to the study of social evils and social f tots as they existed in their midst. From that study social activity would re- sult. (Applause.) The CHAIRMAN addressed the meeting, and contended that those who criticized the movement would criti- cize it unfairly if they expected the union to present a statement showing that them had been achievements, or if they expected them to lay before the town an elabor- ate programme in detail as to what they intended to ac- complish. (Hear, hear.) As a whole, the Social Ques- tions Union had justified its existence, and he trusted that in the days and years to come it would do more to justify itself for having been called into existence. (Applause.) Whilst they were conscious that they had to face many stubborn difficulties, he should like , to say to them " Go forward with the movement with a confident heart." (Applause.) They believed ' they had right on their side, and that they were advancing according to the lead of the present times. In nearly all the principal towns in England movements of this character had been inaugurated, and were doing a practical work. Mr. Yonge thought the Corporation should take up the question of the erection of model lodgings for strangers passing through the town, and he also referred to several matters which might be advantageously taken up by the union. They should also take into consideration the desirability of ' circulating amongst the more intelligent part of the people pamphlets and literature on social questions generally. They ought to strengthen the hands of the police authorities by keeping the public informed of the I need there was for their action, and particularly of what had been done by the police in other towns. Um bad been very much struck (in reading the newspapers with a little more care than he had been in the habit of doing) with the fact that the police in other towns did not ap- pear to find the same difficulty in proceeding in thar j direction that the police authorities in their own trwn apparently discovered. (Hear, bear, and applause.) He saw that betting houses could be dealt with without nifficulty, were dealt with and suppressed and persons fined. Public-house betting was discoverable, provable and punishable, and if only these facts could be collated. and kept before the public eye, lie felt convinced that they would by degrees strengthen public opinion so much as to lead their authorities to see that it was desir- able for them of their own initiation to take some steps lit ate, direction be had named. (Applause.) He bad

much pleasure in moving that the reports be adopted and printed. Mr. MONII9, J.P., britily seconded the motion, which was carried.

FINANCILL. Mr. S. B. S'IRINGER (lion. treasurer) presented a state. inent of accounts showing a balance due to the treasurer of V. is. Oa the motion of the Rev. W. R. DRUMMOND, seconded by Mr. GARLAND, the accounts were passed.

RE SUCTION OF OFFICERS. The meeting then proceeded to the appointment of officers, as follows :—President, Rev. John Yotwe ; vice- presidents, Dr. Smith, Councillor Roberts, and Messrs. Robert Garnett, J.P., E. J. Guest, J.P., F. Monks, J.P., J. W. Hayward, J.P., and Thomas Morris; hon. secre- taries, the Revs. W. H. Drummond and J. W. Varley and Mr. William Twiss ; hon. treasurer, Mr. S. B. Stringer. Various committees were also appointed, and the meet- ing concluded with the usual votes of thanks.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
DEBATE AT WIDNES LIBERAL CLUB.

The question of "Is female suffrage in Parlia- mentary elections desirable ?" was debated at Widnes Liberal Club on Monday evening. Mr.stewart Deacon presided. Mrs. Stewart Brown took the lead in the affirmative and argued that women's suffrage was in accordance with Liberal principles, and that there was a strong desire amongst women to be enfranchised. Especially was this the case amongst the working classes, so that the injustice of unequal wages paid to women, as compared with men for doing the same work might be done away with. This was not a modern need she was advocating, but an ancient right. Up to 1832 women had a vote in Parliamentary matters. She denied that the women were represented by the men, they were vers often misrepresented by the men. The marriage laws, divorce laws, and the laws relating to the custody of children were unjust to women. It was argued by the opponents of woman's suffrage that if the women were enfranchised they would out-vote the men. This was only a bogie held up to frighten them, for it was not at all likely that the women would vote unitedly on any subject. Men possessed a vote simply because of property qualifications, and votes should not be with- held from women simply because they had the misfor- tune to be born women. (Applause.)—Dr. Donnolley replying in the negative said he was almost persuaded by Mrs. Brown's eloquence to adopt the same platform. (Laughter.) It was argued that women had votes in connection with School Boards, Boards of Guar- dians, Itc., and therefore ought to have a Parlia- mentary vote, but a Parliamentary vote was ' quite a different character. Why did not women maintain the suffrage when it was given them ? There were so few women exercised their vete& that the law was removed from the Statute Book. Dr. Dontiolly strongly urged that woman's proper place was the house. If in these days of progress that, sphere was found too narrow he thought they might find plenty of work in the world around where squalor and vice existed, which by kindness and tenderness they could do a great deal to alleviate. (Applause.)—Mrs. O'Keeffe said women seemed to be quite good enough to go out at an election time to canvass for a candidate, and she maintained they had a right to vote.—Mr. H. Wade Deacon said Mrs. O'Keeffe had hit him rather hard about women only being good enough at election time to canvass (laughter), and it was with a great deal of diffidence that he opposed women's suffrage. If they begun, they must go on to universal suffrage, which was not at all desirable. Women's suffrage meant nothing short of a revolution.— Mr. Eustace Carey and Mr. Fred Hartland supported the affirmative. Mrs. Brown closed the debate with an effective speech, and a division was taken. The affirma- tive was defeated by four votes.

RUNCORN RURAL SANITARY AUTHORITY. The fortnightly meeting was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday. Mr. Mclntyre presided, and there were present the Rev. J. W. N. Tanner. Rev. J. llanby, Messrs. Whitley, Stokes, Aaron, Jenkini, Brandreth, Heywood, Williams, Woodward,John Jones, Lewis, Ford; John Ashton (clerk), George Ashton (deputy clerk), Joseph Farrington (nuisance inspector).

APPLETON PAROCHIAL COMMITTER, At the meeting of the Appleton Parochial Committee under the presidency of Mr. John Whitlow, Mr. Davenport called attention ta the damage which would arise on the opening of the Manchester Ship Canal by the approaches to the Turn Bridge near to Twenty Step Bridge not being protected when the bridge was turned for vessels to pass up the Canal as he had reason to suppose wonld be the case. The Clerk was requested to report to the Manchester Ship Canal Act and ascertain whether any provision was made for protecting the approaches, and also to ca!l Mr. Leader Williams and the Highway Board's atten- tion to the !miter. The minutes were approved.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
NALTON PAROCHIAL COMMITTE-i

Mr. Farrington, nuisance inspector, had reported to the Dalton Parochial Committee that the owner of Dr. Ormsby's house had given instructions far the work to be completed. The tender of Mr. Ashley for the con- struction of the sewer and settling tank at Halton Brook.—The minutes were passed.

RELSBY renocrirer. COMMITTEE. At a meeting of Be!shy Parochial Committee, held on Saturday night under the presidency of Mr. Joseph Brandreth, after a long discussion, it was resolved on the motion of Mr. Guest, seconded by Mr. Davies that the Clerk be instructed to advertise for a scheme for a water supply for the township of Helsby, the reservoir to be so constructed that if hereafter determined upon the township of Manley may be supplied, and offer a premium of £5 for the best scheme. It was resolved on the motion of Mr. Taylor, seconded by Mr. Guest that for the present the scheme of water supply be confined to the township of Elelsby alone, and that the clerk so inform Mr. Madver.—Mr. Farrington, nuisanLe inspec- tor, presented a further report on the sewers and sewer- age of the township and it was resolved to forward the report to the Local Government Board. The minutes were adopted.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM PAROCHIAL COMMITTER.

The minutes of the Frodsham Parochial Committee stated that Mr. George Davies, tenant of the land re- quired for the reservoir, persisted in his original claim of £3IIO. and it was resolved that the land be acquired under the compulsory powers of the Land Clauses Con- solidated Act 1845 and that Mr. Linaker be instructed to assess thv amount to be paid.

TIIR SCARLET FEVER OUTBREAK. SCHOOLS TO BE CLOSED.

Dr. Adams medical officer, reported ten fresh cases of scarlet fever at Kingsley and there was one fresh case at Newton by Frodsham, traced to Kingsley School. Measles had broken out at Norley. In view of the spread of these diseases in connection with Norley and Kingsley schools, he would suggest that the schools he closed till after the Christmas Holidays. A case of typhoid fever had occurred at Dutton. It was believed the diseaoe was contractPd away from home. The water however should be analysed, as typhoid fever occurred their last year. A case of scarlet fever had occurred at Harting- ton. The disease was contracted at Weaverham Schools, where he was inlormed the disease was prevalent. Nine- teen fresh cases of infectious disease had been reported since the last meeting.—Mr. Woodward moved that the schools at Kngsley,Norley,and Five Crosses be closed at once until after the Christmas Holidays and that the Christmas Holidays be as prolonged as possible. He also suggested that Sunday School Managers should have notice to cicse their schools.—Mr. Heywood seconded the motion.—Mr. Woodward said the medical officer had not notice of all the cases of scarlet fever in Kingsley. Dr. Adims : lain sure I havb not.—The motion was carried. The Sanitary Inspector presented a report showing that grave insanitary defects existed at Norley Schools, It was resolved that a copy of the report be sent to the manager of the schools, in a letter stating that if the matter were not httend,rl to immed- iately a copy would be forwarded to the Education De- parttnent.

NOTIFICATION OF CONSUMPTION. Mr. Reginald Potts, clerk to Cheshire County Council, forwarded the following resolution passed hy the Public Health Committee and confirmed by the Council "That each of the Urban and Rural S4nitary Authorities in the county, who have adopted the Infectious Diseases (Noti- fication) Act be recommended to pass the necessary reso- lution extending the interpretation of "Infectious Dis- ease" in such Act so as to include plithisis in order that this disease may in their respective districts be treated as infectious and he notified to the medical officer of health. —After a brief discussion, consideration of the subject was deferred for a fortnight,

===== 0002601_18931202_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
A GUTTER MERCHANT ON HIS CALLING.

"Matches, pipe-cleaners, tie-clips, and lead-pencil sharpeners is wot we calls realer stock, and these all goes Pretty well if yer've got a decent pitch; but yer have ter 'it on a special line if yer wants to make a bit extry. Them there studs as wot don't want no pushin', hut tips on one side to go through the button hole, went very well when they fust come out, but lately I ain't done better with anything than I did with the penny sewing-machine all made ter work,' as come out a few months ago. Chem penny toys, too, wot Ter blows through and the figure er Mr. Gladstone starts choppin' down a tree, went very well when they was a novelty. I did a good thing, too, last year in Ch ,apside with them little penny terbacker pouches 'oldie just about enuf for one cigarette, an' it was me as christened 'em 'The Strong Man's Terbaclp'r Pouch,' though the others was goick enuf in catchin' up the name. Alt ! that's the spoilin' of the whole atie. There's too many of us at it, and any poor joker down on 'is lock reckons he's clever emit to sell pen n'orths in the gutter ;though, mind ver, there's room for a man's being smart at his job even there."—" Cassell's Saturday Journal."

The Medical Annua/ adviso. p Invalids, the name C•DBURY Ott any panket of Cocoa IS It that when recommending pliranteet4 purity.—Adrt. coco,s raasetflotodlonearilid tobevreernmegme bfoerr

THE WARDS QUESTION AT NEWTON.

The following correspondenCa will be of interest to residents in Newton and Earlestown : Newton Park, Newton-le-Willows, 30th November, 1893. Sir,—Being desirous that the ratepayers of the Newton township may be fully acquainted with all the ' proceedings of the Committee which has been formed in connection with the above, may I ask the favour of the publication of the enclosed correspondence, and thus enable the ratepayers to obtain a clear view of the situa- tion.—l am, yours truly, ROBERT STONE.

Newton-iwalakerfield Improvement Commissioners,- 2, Cairo-street. Warrington, 17th November. 1893.— Dear Mr. Stone,—' am directed by the Commissioners to send you a copy, which I now enclose, of the resolution passed at the Commissioners special meeting held yester- day to consider the question of the division of the dis- trict into wards brought before the Commissioners by the Deputation to the Board on the sixth instant.—lam, yours faithfully, JAMES E. WORSLEY.—Robert Stone, Esq., Newton Park.—Resolution ; "That in view of the Parish Conncils Bill not having passed through Com- mittee it is not advisable for the Commissioners to take any steps at present as to the division of the township into wards, until the effect of the Bill upon the Commis- sioners district is known." Newton Park,—Newton-le-Willows, 22nd November, 1893.—Dear Mr. Worsley,—l beg to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 17th inst. with a copy of resolution passed by the Commissioners on the previous day, and lam sorry they do not think it advisable at present to deal with the question of the division of the townships into wards. It must be conceded that the mode of representation to the Board we have asked the Commissioners to adopt,is right in principle ; it is there- fore to be regretted that the townships should not have the ipenefit of it at once, instead of having to wait a very Indefinite time.—Yours very truly, ROBERT STONE.— James E. Worsley,Esq.,Law Clerk Newton Improvement Commissioners.

Newton Park, Newton-le-Willows, 20th, November, 1893.—C. B. F. Borron, Esq., C.C., Wargrave.—Dear Sir,—As Chairman of a public meeting of the ratepayers of the Newton District of this township. I have been requested to communicate with you and obtain your views as to the course to be pursued to obtain electoral wards. I may state we have approached the Improve- ment Commissioners who have declined to take any steps at present. As you may be aware this body is appointed under a Special Local Act obtained in 1855, whereby the Board was to consist of ten members. The desire of the meeting was that the township should be divided into wards, an equal number of representatives elected from each ward and the number et metnbers to the Board increased, and the Meeting was of opinion that the County Council can assist them in this matter, We therefore shall be glad if you will kindly give this yeur careful consideration and opinion, at your earliest convenience.—l am, yours very truly, Ronzaz STONE. Wargrave, Newton-le-Willows, 25th November. 1893. —Dear sir,—Having considered your letter of 20th inst. very carefully, I have in reply to confirm what I have already mentioned to you, namely,that Section 57 of the Local Government Act, 1888,enables the County Coaneil to receive any application tor the division of an Urban Sanitary Authority into wards, and for the increase of its members. On the receipt of the application the mat- ter will he referred to the Parliamentary Committee,who will hold the necessary public enquiry before any ordut is made by the County Council. If you require any further information I am at your command.—Yours faithfully, C. B. F. BORRON.—Robert Stone, Esq., J.P., Newton Park, Newton-le-Willows. Newton Park, Newton-le-Willows, 28th November, 1893.—C. B. F. Borrom, Esq., C.C., Wargrave.—Dear Sir,—l beg to thank you for your letter of the 25th inst, stating the course now open for obtaining the object my Committee have in view. I may met Con, that although you had before indicated to me this method of proce- dure, my Committee had no desire to take any action without first approaching the Commissioners, in the ex- pectation that, after having laid our grievances before them, they would take the needful steps for their being remedied. In this, however, we have been disappointed, and at a meeting held last night, my Committee had de- cided to rely up..n the Local Government Act of 1888, and apply to the County Council. They desired use to express the hope that you will give them every assist- ance in the matter.—l am, yours very truly, ROBERT STONE. . . .

Newton Park, Newton-le-Willows, 28th November, 1.893.—J. W. Emmett, Esq., Chairman, Newton Improve- ment Commis•ioners.—Dear sir,—Division of the Town- ship into Wards.—The resolution of the Commissioners forwarded to me on the 17th inst. by the Law Clerk, was laid before the Committee which has been formed in connection with the above subject, at a meeting held last night. It was not considered a satisfactory answer to the prayer of the deputation which waited upon your Board on the 6th inst. and it is my duty to inform you that a resolution was passed by the Committee, " That the County Gmncil be petitioned to divide the township into wards, with an equal number of representatives to each, and to increase the number of Members to the Board."—l am, yours truly, ROBERT STONE.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
SOME DARING ESCAPES

The sensational stories ot prison-breaking in which novelists delight are rivalled by actual escapes by verit- able prisoners. For inwance, not lorg ago a marvellous flight was planned and carried out by a primer la Carnarvon Gaol, whose cell was at the very top of the building. He made a large bole en the brick ceiling of his cell by miens of a loose plank, cereverted his bed- clothes into a rope, and wound the coil about his body. lie then clambered through the hole, and found himself under the prison roof. Groping his way in the dark- ness, her found a fastenial trip-door, forced it open, and emerged on the roof. Here the home-made ropo came into use, enabling the daring prison-breaker tee drop down to a lower roof, whence he slid by means of rain-water pipes to the outer wall of (he prison. Jump- ing in safety to the ground, he was fro. His next step was to enter a private house, and ' borrow ' a suit of clothes. Dunning these, ilf3 made off across thee country, and appears never to have been re-captured after his marvellous escape. This feat was almost equalled by a oar-armed boy of thirteen, wk., was shut up on the top floor of a London workaouse to await punishment for stealing a cabman's whip. Squeezing himself through the bars which guarded the window, the plucky lad managed to get hold of a ventilating shaft which ran up the side of the building, just within reach. Down thee shaft he clambered, dispite his terribly maimed state,tor about thirty feei—whon hee missed his hold, seed fell heavily es the ground. fie was not much hurt by his twelve-foot fall, but he was picked up by the workhouse porter, and so his daring attempt proved useless. But think of trusting yourself, with only one hand to hold by, to a smooth si aft four. teen yards from the ground ! A more desperate struggle for liberty was made some years ago by two Russian political prisonars—o is of them an F.nglishma.n by descent. Removing the flagstenes of their cell— which wets on the ground floor--( hey set to work every da k night, tunnelling out the earth beneath, secreting the soil removed in their pockets and trousers-legs, and replacing the stows before dawn. This went on for a couple of months, until the burrow extended right under the prison wall and almost reached the surface of the ground bey lnd. Then the workers awaited a favoura ble night. It came—dark, stormy, and cloudy. The heroic prisoner, burst through the remaining shed of earth,and stood outside the pr.son at last. Alas ! they were seen and fired upon by the guard. The Eiglishinan was killed, and his corn/melee wounded. re-captured and. sent to the Siberian mines—" chums.'

===== 0002601_18931202_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
THE " INFERNAL MACHINE " IN POLDICS.

AT TEMPTS TO MURDER THE EMPEROR WILLIAM AND COUNT CAPRWI. BERLIN. TOMSDAY.—The wooden box containing the internal machine sent to Count Caprivi wa, two inches in height by six inghes in length, and the haurner %hid, was intended to strike the detonator was held back by india-rubber halls. The box was sr) con- structed that when the 11l was so completely opened the hammer would be released. Beneath the detonator was a. nit ro•glvceritto cartridge about the length of a man's finger. There is not the slightest clue to the perpetrator of the outrage : but he seems to have been intimat*ly aC- qua inted with the habits of the. Imperial Cha,.cellnr. The text of the lettur which was in French, was as follows :—., I have the honour, General, to forward you s•onples of raddish seeds of an astounding. sort, which have to be sown in December to come up in Feb- ruary. This sort has no fear of trust. Receive General, the assurance of my perfect c maid rat ion.—Orleans, Rue B mlong,l7.—(Signed) G. DECItaNTIIAII." The letter was written in a free, bold hand, with wide i spaces between the words, and ..over,d about a plasm 1 and an eich-h. It was adtheseed to" M. IP Ge eral de Caprivi, Grand Chancellor d Allemagne, LI olio." Mit% Major Ermayer, Count Caprivi's aide-de-camp, per- ceived the explosive contents of the package he sum- moned a policeman, who gave inforinatimi to the chief would not Sunday untd ahya inspector, and on the pack igepeinz ripened by a gun- smith an Infernal machine was found similar to that which exploded at Spandau last summer. A gunsmith who examined the b a has exprmed the opinion that if everything had happened Iccoriling to the sender's expectations there wss no certainty that airy exploion would have occurred, as owing to the weak. The " Norddeutsche Allgemeine Zeitun,g " Majesty's Civil Cabinet. MA, es that a package containing an infernal machine addressed to It was HlCActly of thc•sarne defiCriptiMl HR that forwarded ' tsnlght'a;:''stEed‘k''nfllwlti'eviir4etr.:re'ersl:liValattiilne.iii theea n William f fi force. arrived hands the o f i caplishmr here ivaes tb eanden to count Caprivi, end, like it, came from Orleans. It was accompanied by a letter written in the same style as that addressed to the Chancellor. A fortunate chauco excited suspicion and preven'ed an explosion.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
MEETING OF THE MINERS' FEDERATION.

r— A centerence of the Lancashire and Cheshire Miners' Federation was held in Manchester on Monday, Mr. Wnode, M r., in the chsir, when a resolution was paated Ptiniigiv protesting; against the action of some coalowners In stocking coals whilst the public were willing to pur- Outgo them at a reasonatae rtve, and recommending the men to report to the Federation the colliaries which were , put t. lug coals into stock. Thc conference considered the ' qumtim of the proposed taard of conciliation for the Battlement ot the wages question in tam, and the four- tool', delegate who are to represent the miners on the board of conciliation wore appointed.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
, - -4T,IMIAMBINELsrMar-

_

7-.:4711-‘1,"; - . ,

V -

===== 0002601_18931202_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, under the presidency of Mr. J. Mclntyre. Preseut : the Revs. J. W. N. 'Pen- ner, Dr. Gastaldi, and J. Hanby; Messrs. Whitley, Stokes, Aaron, Jenkins, Brandreth, Heywood, Williams, Woodward, D. 11. Jones, Lewis, Ford, J. Ashton (clerk), and G. Ashton (deputy clerk.)

===== 0002601_18931202_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY RITN.

& letter was read ftsro-n7i-Mt:. Potts, clerk to the County Council, stating that the Council had ordered the follow- ing rates tn be levied for the half year ending 31st March, 1894.—County rate 2id. in the £ ; general police rate 3.16Lh of a penny in the £. In the corresponding half year 1892, the rate was 20. and the police rate 1-Bth of a penny. --- • ---

7116 ASYLUM.

Mr. Hornby, clerk of the Asylum Committee, wrote informing the Board that there was new a number of vacant beds on each side of the House, and it would not be necessary to make inquiry as to accommodation be- fore sending a patient. TRAMPS. The Shifnal Union forwarded the following resolution for approval : "That this Board begs to call the attention of the Local Government Board to the alarming increase of tramps throughout the country, and suggested that each tramp should be inspected by the police before admissien to the workhouse. Also that each tramp should carry a tiok‘t showing his identity and the place from which he has come, with his deatination, such card to be endorsed by the police constable, on presentation to him."—Tne communication was laid on the table.

RUNCORN HOSPITAL CHARCIRS. Acting under the instruction of the Health Committee Mr. E. Marshall, secretary to Runcorn Board of Com- missioners, wrote stating that whatever difference of opinion may exist as to the obligation they were under to pay for the maintenance of destitute persons in Runcorn Hospital there could be none in respect to five persons in receipt of parish relief, who clearly came within the terms of the Commissioners agreement with the Guar- dians. He therefore requested payment of the enclosed account amounting to £23 183. 6d.—The Guardians ! denied their liability and declined to pay the account. WIMP AT RUNCORN. Mr. Cooke, relieving iifficer, for Runcorn District, re- ported that through the kindness and generosity of the United Alkali Co., and other employers of labour in the district, with the assistance of a central relief committee large numbers of destitute families had been saved from troubling the Board. Thy had done much in he/ping to alleviate the distress of the past 18 or 17 weeks caused by the coal strike. Thereby hundreds of families had been relieved from week to week without being pail- perised and without burdening the rates. He was sure ! the Board would be pleased to hear of this most geher- °us munificence.—Approval of the efforts of the parties named to allevi:Ve the distress in Runcorn, was ex- pressed by several members. TIM PARISH COUNCILS BILL. The Committee appointed to consider the Local Gov- ernment (England and Wales) Bill, reported that they had held a meeting at Mr. Ashton's Frodtham office, on the previous night and they submitted for approval a number ef alterations to the Bill, and on the motion of Mr. Heywood it was resolved to forward copies to the members of Parlisment representing constituencies in the Union and ask them to support them in the House of Commons.—The motion was carried. FINANCE. • Mr. Brandreth presented the report of the Finance Committee. Accounts amounting to £2.36 54. 10d. were recnmtrended fir payment. This stein included an item sotfil? unpaid wasreapayMeii;l,of2slo3alnien.nidW. orkh_ouse. The amount

" TOBACCONISTS commencing " Illustrated guide (post free rOBAOCkfNISTs' OUTFITTING CO.-186, Easton road, London. Est. 1866. Advt. , Three persons are cremated, on an average, every I week at Woking. , The King of Sweden is a handsome, well-set-up look- ing man. Although his hair end beard are grey, this I seems only to have a grace to his person for his broad ' shoulders and tall cud erect figure well become his office. Unlike any other EUTOpfall monarch,the ruler of Sweden ' is proud to know that he can walk abroad in perfect satety without au escort. , i The Royal Laundresses say Critehloy's " STalleil (Ansa is unequalled tor Imparting a beautiful finish to starched linen, ae., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr. —, Corn- wall. says :—" My wife will not finish our linen without your Starch Glos." ?rum Mrs. —, Bradford t— "Dear Sit ,-. I SIB pleased to inform you I bat 1 have tried many so-called StarCh Glazes and polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Bold at Id.! 3.1., and 6d, ,by most starch sellers. 11 not in stock will (rooure it. T Calpcnua.lltackborn. Peoprietor.—Add. •

M. S. A. ALLEN'S WORLD'S

HAIR RESTORER.

It is not a dye

Quickly changes gray r

faded hair to it natural

colour. A perfect hair dre:is-

ing, delicately perfuned.

CHARGE OF NEGLECT OF CHILDREN.

At the Warrington Borough Court on Saturday morning, before Mr. John Burgess (chairman.), William Thompson, and Ellen Thompson his wife, living at 6, Jones huildinee, were charged with neglecting their five children named Annie (11), Maggie (9), Clara (6), Thomas (5), and William (2) in a manner likely to cause injury to their health. rrisoners pleaded not guilty. Inspector Uphill. N.S.P.C.C., said on the 20th November, about 11.30, he visited the defendants' house, and there saw the five I children hnddled together over a small fire. The chil- dren were very dirty, their hair was matted together, and they had very few garments on. The furniture con- sisted of a table, an old soap box, and a chair. The rooms were in a filthy condition. The only food in the house was one loaf of tread, and on the table there was a bottle centaining beer. The children's bedroom con- tained an old mattress, and the cloteing was quite black. In the middle of the room there was an old butter tub full of filth, and a doe suffering from the mange was lying with the children. The room was very dirty. The defendant w rked on the Ship Canal, and earned £1 per week. On his second visit he watched through the window, and the defendants were quarrelling over some beer, and he concluded they were both drunk. The children were almost always in the market begging, and picking up and eating decayed fruit. He had given the defendants a warning form, but there was never any improvement. P.C. Monks said he went with the Inspector to the defendant's house. The house was in a most filthy condition, and they coubin't Stay in the house above a few minvtes at a time. The children were very dirty, witli vermin about their clothes and heads.— Charles Pastels deposed to seeinZ the children running ellen the streets without shoes or stockings. Elizabeth Turner, wife of James Turner, re- siding at Jones Buildings, said the defendants lived next door to them. She saw the children very often, but she never saw them clean, and they were always poorly clad. She had seen a neighbour giving them fo d two or three times a week.—Dr. Bowden said on the previous evening he went with the Inspector to the defendants, house. He saw four of the five children in charge of police cnnstahle. Ile examined them and found them all very dirty. Diit was caked on their bodies, and their hair Was matted together. He went upstairs and examined the bedding and found it consisted of matting, and was very dirty. There was no other furniture but the beds, and very little downstairs. The children were taken te the Union Workhouse at er he had examined theta, and they now looked a great deal better. Such a feu' at- mosphere as was in the house was likely to injure their health.—School Inspector Jones said he knew the chil- dren well. About eight weeks ago they lived in Buckley- street, but when they removed he lost sight of them. The oldest girl attended school very regularly until then, but the second girl was deaf and dumb.—Defendant said he would get better clothes for the children, but they were all healthy. He gave his wife 17a per week, and she paid 3s. 9,1. rent. She had nevertaeted beer in her life. The magistrates decided to give the defendants another chance, and adjourned the case for a mouth, to see if there was any improvement.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
the " Oramintr " trt

01 LANCASHIRN AND Censnifut COUNTY NEWSPAPNRB Comprise.; THE Warrington and 'Yid-Chet/tire Examiner, pub- lished . Arr.', -..rturr • c morning. 1 T" Earlegman and Newton Examiner, published every YridaN. afternmal. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. TEM Runcorn Examiner, published every Saturday morning ; and TBE Witinea Examiner, published every Saturday morninz.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. coming under the following beads are inserted In ALL the above-mentioned Papers for ONE CHARGE, as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUATrONS VACANT, PARTINERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTSWANTED, MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. HOWES AND OTHER PREMISES To BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 48 64 Tbe above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- then ent Inserted on credit under 2e. per Insertion.

Einirtesittt OtrbantO, ttr. _ Nkr ANTISD. respectable GENBRAL SERVANT.—AppIy to WS WOOD, 15, Friar's-gate, Wanington.

GICNRRALS. good, W. nted : wages £l4 to £l7 ; also, Girls. —CARTWRIGHT'R REGISTRY, B zaar, Urmston.

MIISS HUDSON'S High class Registry. Plain cooks and . generals wanted dally.—Hiarlam-st., Warrington.

(113NRRAL. good. about 30 year. of age,Wanted ; washing: character.-400, Ashton Old-road, Openshaw, Mulches-

Sy A LTILIi), mr4pelsob.l33P rGulnßdLre.tltys-road, ahGorEitNoEn.EctiAmL:

ANTBD, Good GII43RAL SHRVANT. one able te wash and iron.—Apply HMS'S HEAD INN, Abram, tte r Wigan.

^ IriNanTalleDi,oeSiliTerytAeThafOracriteares.Cnr ;tn.anis.p ;°,lleUtnxtioni -osnt Garston. liverpnol.

WANTBD. SITUATION as Coachman; experienced ; single or pair; man led ; good refer: nces.—J. ABELL. Walton, near Liv-rpool.

IVANTED SITUATION as sewing maid. or young ladies' mai dressmaker. Address 3. G.. Haverbrearc Lodge Aldcliffe-road. DUI CA ster.

r ANTED a respec,able G TEL. ro a.sl st another servant V tvag,-. £l2 a year.—Apply WILSON, Holland House. Radcliffe, near Manchester.

- _ wArTim SITUATION as second HOUSEMAID In pewee family. age 21; wages £l3.—Addreas 0., 4. Deysbrook-side, West Derby.

WAND , SITUATIONas groom or h<lper under a CnPehman, can ride good referenm<.—BSlMY SWIFT Deameote. near Nottingham.

000$5. Honsemalds. Generals ; all classes of servan s con•tantly applied for. CRII or write to' Mrs. BA XTKR. 45. Ctratham-st , Pye Bank. Eineffl, kl.

eI3WINGMAID (Lady's),sged 27, seeks SITITATION; good 1,7 knowledge of dres,making ; good testimonials.-52, Priswes Ppd. Tip on Waft

1/i/ AN El). ex, erienoed N u abSIAII) not ;in- !' der 20 ; Ft.,te wages and refereoce.—Addreas Hrs. lHALLixsou, Oakw od. Isirkbu ton, Huddersfield.

WANTED, SITUATION as untßer gardener, or single handed ; 5 years recommendations ; make himsel nseful.—Jottzt FARNSWORTII, Brookend. Longdon, near Rugeley Stsff

kiAJJ nd FEMALE! NURSES INSTITUTION, 70, .L. 71 Hope-st.. Liverpool. Bstb. 1878.—For reltahle Attendants. Mental, Medical. and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply " Ntirses," LivPrpool. Plerhone. fi

apartmento, Ifurnts4hrti I)oustO,Srt

- - B' rOOL. —Poo k Rouse. Claremont Park, facing the Sea. WINTER TARIFF on application.

COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS for two or three willing to join.—Apply 39, Lovely Lane, Warrington.

CIO %IF° IiTAB LE LODGINGS for three or tow respectable men.—MISS iItr9,.ELL, 59, West-st., Wlnsvick-?oad,

iilirri . 1 aton . .

SCARBOHOUGH. GIBbON'S BOARDING HOUSR; situated on the North Cliff, facing the sea ; magnificent view of the bay. Private rooms 11 required.

SMALL furnished House TO LW!', till March next, situat.d in Hornby-road. Blackpool. every convenience. Terms moderate.—Applys3. Freckleton-st. Kirkham.

SA NDO IV 11 BAY, Isle of Wight.—Fornished APART. yarns. well shelteml position. special winter terms. —Addr se Psonentyroms, •• Waldemar." Bsp'anade, Sundown.

RAVISGATE. -Apartments (furnished) fseing the Ilea bedrooms and two large reception rooms • either toge- ther or divided ; terms very moderate,—N., 13, Royal Cres- cent, Rarnsgate.

BTips UXTON.—THE ?BAK THERMAL MiTABLISHMh'NT. The best Hydropathic In the district. Mineral Water and other Baths. Magnificent rooms. Itxcellent cuisine. Table d'hote at separate tables.

/McMinn), 3cc., on Oak.

TRON FENCING. SHEEP and CATTLE HURDLES .I. Don't be raislesd by special advertised offers, but before buying write for our Illustrated Catalogue. free, on applica- tion. 8AT1.199 JONKSI B•YLISS, Iron Fencang manufac- turers, Wolverhampton. London 0111 co and Showrooms. 139 1 141. Cannon Street. tondos'.

riMtPliT-BEATING MACHINHS 4 beet and chenpf et In k.. 1 the market; various sizes.-022, 44. Pitt-street. Bdin- . burgh.

_ - ON BALH, h.p. Otto Hochman' GAB BNGINB. with Fhttting. good as no•nr —Apply 2. Pactory-Lole. Paidlheart.

AB-HOR,SI3 PORTABLII lINGINA for sale or hire .and all kinds of machinery for sale.—Jonalloarirra., Longford- street, Warrington.

100 PdACHINR TOOLS, cora priaing LATHES, DRILLS, PLANERS, SHAPRRS. ENGINES. • TEA NI a 118,MMFRS, MILLING MACIIININ. PITNOHING nd Be DING MACHINES. ab., raady--POr, list apply Sean BRO i !ax

tryPPErIS WANT RD tor II pair of Tandem Comp kind OR t_ ZONTAL BOINIS, two high pr-Sure cylinder!. 17i tn. diarnseer. two low prasure cylinders. 34iin. diameter, strre.e; ily spur wheel, 18ft' diameter. 140 COgS. pit M m ch. in. ar-•s. tooth ; pinion 6ft 21n. diamete •49 covs ; :cum.'''. rut-off; tudite over 850 h.p. May be sf.ett at Liam Mill, Hollingwood. near Manchester.

00fiNISq BOILER, 25ft. by fift., with Galloway tubes,hy Thomas Robinson and Sons, Limited. liochdals,with al, fittings compete ; In very good condition; loeure.l by Nottional Boiler lasursnee Compaly, Limited, Manchester,at elb. pressure ; mild be at liberty in December. Can be seen working at R. G. TICKLIC 1 Sox's, 37, Wad/stock-et rest. Live-pool.

QT GEORGE'S IRONWORKS LIMITED. (late Ormeto.i, Grierson. and Co. Limited), Iltzlme, Manchester. have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT TERNS in the trade. and are in a position to Supply cAST- INGS, Millwright. and all *lnds of Engineeeing Work promptly Catalogue ,)f wheel and pulley patterns on appli cation.—Telephone 229.

10ATENT OFFICE : B. R. DUTTON AND CO, .1 CHARTERED. PATENT AGENT,I and CONSULTING ENGINEERS, 5, JOHN OALTON-STRE Ti MANCHESTER. B Y. D. & Co. are Pt,otical Engineers as well as Patent. Law Experts. and are therefore able to give reliable advice upon the Workable as well as the Patentable nature of an In- vention. Circular of Information sent gratis. Established 30 years. N. Telephone 752. Telegrami Dotus, Msnehester.

PECKETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BUI ,TOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 anti 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

PATENT •OFF ICE MANCURSTER. ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messes. GEORGE DAVIES a SON have had more ihan 40 years personal experience In connection with this Rstablish- meld , and possess practical knowledge of the-cotton, woollen, and iron cnannfacteres. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws. p. ice is. GEORGII DAVIES, CE.. & SON, F.1.P.A.. M.S.A.,

4. ST.

Co bt att.

To LET —Large room. Orford-st.—Apply ASHTON and wo, re, solicitors, Rorseinarket-st., Warring on.

DEN KWH. HOUSIC, with gard,m ; also several cottages.— _I. Apply Mr. ROBEET LOWE, estate agent, Market Gate Chambers, Warriadton.

rro LET, PiIEMISBB, in centre of Warrington, auit.anle for email workshops.—Apply ASHTON and Woona. Solicitors, 63. Horeeniarket-atreet, Warrington.

BUILDIN LAND TO LET, to Wargrave-road, n •ar the Vulcan Found y.—App y F. BEESLEY. architect. 2. Bridge it • Earlestown. or at Bold-st., Wayriegton

LET.—No. 11. Palmyra .Square. Warring,on, co tam- j. dr,wing to mAirting room, 4 bed ',OMB. b..th. . WILLIAM *lnlay, Penr nee Cottage,Enuta- tocd-rmaL Warrmatm.

,ITCHIPOR:).—Capitat e‘ntave, to let. pleasantly a.tn ,ted 0710 minute iron hui, ontaln,ng 1).1-dour, kit ch n. o.,dery, and la der, nlao thr,e go)oll bldroonts. small gar len a.i Aded to front. Rent 6s. per w ,wk. Apply THOMAS COW- Priai 334t1te 1, W.ariugu.m.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
Ufilantrb.

A GENTS WANTED to push tirst-class Machinery Oils. 11 Liberal Commission.—Boa 22. Post Office, Liv •rpool.

FOREIGN POSTAGE STAMPS. Old collection wanted, or old stamped envelopes.—J. LISCELLEB, Machyn Ileth, Montgomeryshire.

'IHEMISTS and Parent Medicine Veadors.—WANTED to kJ s.lI first-class Patent : liberal commission.W, BAILIN, Post Office Buildings, Portobello, Edinburgh.

NIT ArED, all persons to know that JOSEPH PRITCHARD, V jeweller, 51, High-st., Runcorn, will send post free silver gents' Albert (any pattern) for ss. per oz,

_ AGHNTS Wanted, 60 per cent. commission •, specimens tree, manufacturers supplied.--Address BROORAfAN'S RUBBER STAMPS. Hand Court, Holborn. London.

TOBACCONISTS and those commencing Should call or send I for our Price List. Competition defIed.—GOLDBERG'!, Paradise-it.. Liverpool. Bstahlished 1850.

TOBACCONISTS commencing. 111 d. Guide (post free.) 1 How to conimence.—Tiataccomwrs' OuTrirruvo Co.. 186. Euston-road. London. Manager. Hy. MYERS. Est. 1866.

Oaritrig, TOoroto, eartg, ags,

53 HOBSB SIICHBTB for general management. Only 26. Bd. GAIT. Brigpte Worstead. Norfolk.

fro COAL DIIALBRI, BAKERS da., !Awry 14} ont .Bo x I Cart, Baker's Shandry, suitable to fix a van to on; also good station cab.—SraNts. Friar's Green, Warrington.

MONEY, MONEY, _MONEY LOANS £5 To. 500.

May be had on day of application. If it is inconvenient to call, all letters will have our prompt attention. If you want to Start in Business. If you want to Furnish yeas House. If you want to Pay your Debts. If you want to Increase your Stock. If you want to Pay your Rent. Repayments to suit Borrowers. Strictest privacy guaranteed. No Bills of Sale. • No Sureties. No Fines. No Loan Office routine.—Apply to

• R. N. WEBBER, 8, LIMNING ROAD, off Wavertree Road, EDGEHILL. LIVERPOOL. Near LONDON k NORTH-WBSTERN RAILWAY STATION.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
GANY or Birch TOILET . GLASS, with jewel drawer. Payments taken.

FOOT LATHB, 60s. ;Joiner's Hande,rt. 40s. ; 21ft.Ladder, 10s. -At 25, Richmond-row, Liverpool.

BEESWAX, guaranteed pure, 23. ed. per lb., carriage free. —FELL, Beekeeper, Newby Bridge. Ulveratnn.

CIADITAL Market Hotel and Busy Dining Rooms, with I. .1 beer license free, the beat paying concern in the town.- 58, Westgate. Bradford

()N SALE, MANURE WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derhyshire.—Apply to J. ROSICING, 16, Fenwiek-Street, Liverpool,

RECIPE of valuable EMBROCATION for sprains, bruise—a, rheumatism aches or pains, le.—MlTl:m.los, 3, St. Mar- karet-st., Bracifiull, Wilts.

00THI NCI SYRUP, children's cough mixture, genuine, warranted harroh es recipes sent 7d. each.—Smrtn, 16 Ohurah-st, Botany, Aabton-uuder-Lyne.

FRETWORK MATERIALS CHEAP. direct from importer. Illustrated price list free to intending purchasers.— PAUL METE. Amateur's Tooleries, Birmingham,

44EXAMINE" STEAM PRINTING 'WORKS

BEWSEIC STILEEI. WARRIZMON.

PO9! Iffffitrt'Y.T(T

===== 0002601_18931202_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
;01

===== 0002601_18931202_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY DECEMBER 2. 1893. inlts bp I.3rtbatz Ertatp.

gmlt6 bp Vribatt Ereatp.

&ales bp Zurttan.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4s. 11n.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
it(t"

===== 0002601_18931202_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
eontrarts.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORGDYNR. THR ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINTL riffLORODYNE is admitted by the Profe:•sion to be the most wonderfnl and valuable remedy ever dis- covered. 011.1.0RODYNE is the best remedy known for V Coughs. Consumption. Bronchitis, and Asthma. CIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases.—Diptheria, rever.Cromp,

/11l LORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea, kJ and is the only specific in Cholera. and Dysentry. I -‘IILORODYNP. effectually cute short all attacks V) of Epilepsy. Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. Ctii...OlfODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia. Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis,

ac. From Dr. D. J. VIOUvroN & CO., Iforncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chiorodyne in our practice lately, and look upon it as an excellent direct :.ieda UN's and Anti- spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It Induces a feeling of comiort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy. and it seems io possess this great advan- age over all other Sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Hard Russell communicated to the Caege of Physicians that he received a despatch from her M.jesty'i. Consul at Manilla, to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfull). and the.' the ONLY remedy of any s Tvice was CHLORO- D YNIV."—See Lancet Ist December, 1864.

CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND INDT- ATIONS. CAUTION.—ViCO Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Jr J. COLKIS BROWNE. was. undoubtedly, the inventor of CII LORODYNB "ant that the story of the defendant FREE- MAN, wns deliberately untrue, which he regretted to 853, .utd been sworn to.—See Times. 13th .J.•1tr.1864. Sold in bottles at Is IS., Zs. git., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words " Dit. J. COLLI9 BROWNR'S CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony accompanies each battle. SOLE MANUFACTUREES.—J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Grnt Russell- it., Bloomsbury, London.

By MR. THOMAS SUTTON.

TH. TEE EXA3MR, 'E WORKS. WARRINGTON.

upon

THE EXAMINER

SATURDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1893.

TRH Marquis of SALISBURY has Lord Salisbury's been this week holding forth at Politica.

some length in South Wales. As every one knows Toryism is in a very bad way in Wales, and its representation in Parliament is exceedingly scanty. We do not think that the speeches of the Marquis will do much to raise the fallen fortunes of kis party. Those speeches cer- tainly effect one purpose very clearly—they dis- play the utter hopelessness and barrenness of the Toryism of to-day in the face of grave political and social questions. Lord SALISBURY does not deny either the existence or the importance of these questions. We have," he says, "to deal with a time in which classes are unhappily divided by deep questions of interest, and a terrible responsibility lies on anyone who has any oppor- tunity, however small, of guiding the public opinion of his time, so to direct it that these classes shall rather come together than go further apart." Seeing that he fully admits, and even emphasises, the need for wise leading, what is the guidance that Lord SALISBURY is prepared to give? or what are the helpful suggestions that he makes ? He lies under some of the "terrible responsibility " he refers to, for he has consider- able influence in "guiding the public opinion of his time." Yet we may read from the opening to the closing sentences of his speeches without find- ing anything in the nature of statesmanlike remedies for the admitted evils he alludes to. It is pure and often merely flippant criticism from be- ginning to end. He is not only sterile of suggestion himself but he has not a good word to say of the proposals that are made by others. It seems quite evident from the tone of his references that the Empl oyers' Liability Bill will meet with only an indifferent reception in the House of Lords, so far at all events as he can control that assembly. It is hard to tell exactly what the noble Marquis wants. It is certain that he is hostile to the mea- sure, but ho does not seem to have quite made up his mind as to what excuse he should put forward ' I for that hostility. He makes the usual cheap and

worthless assertion that he does not object to the principle of the Bill, but he does not make it clear upon what grounds he objects to the i' itself. Does he object to the Bill because it ° not expansive enough, or because it is too exPallo sive ? "I confess," he says, "I am very much e, Mr. CHAMBERLAIN'S opinion in the matter, that I- prefer a Bill that shall deal with accidents gene: rally, without reference to their origin, and deal on the principle of insurance, so that when a rnall suffers under an accident he should have soraa. thing to relieve and console him." If he al in the preferencis and persuades the House ° Lords to follow him, he will materially wide' the scope of the Bill. To have a popular and ben* cial measure made more popular and more hanol. cial by the Peers woald be something to marvel et's But, unfortunately, we may be perfectly suro tha whatever the House of Lords does at the instig.si tion of the Marquis of SALISBURY it not be to extend the benefits this Liabiliti

tb Bill. The real intention of the leader of Conservative party was more clearly revealed wh6 he referred to the question of contracting et/! It is in that direction that he will make his a' tack, and his intention will be not to enlarcre tb pperations of the Bill, but to lessen them. LO SALISBURY, it is needless to add, sees nothing tbl' is good in the Parish Councils Bill. A.:cording tr' him, the result of conferring self-government 00' large section of the community will simply be set class against class, and he seems to be cieit; ready to champion the cause of that class whiell' opposed to the people of the country being a lowed to control their own local affairs as people of the towns now do. Altogether, L°ll SALISBURY is apparently in the mood for bagel ing the inevitable conflict between the peers all the people.

THE House of Lords— A Snub for the Lords. valorous and truly repres five assembly which an Tories tell us will stem the tide of demo(

reform—is already showing unmistakeable siglv of " wobbling." This, in itself, is not ye!' remarkable,for, ever since the era of reform set the House of Lords has always "wobbled " at critical moment and disappointed the hopes of reactionary friends. But lately we have had 5( many confident predictions that the Lords sr°'ll4 bring to naught the whole programme of present Government that any signs of weaknesg°l their part must be truly distressing to their Tot: supporters. It is, however, quite evident 03,11 the occupants of the Gilded Chamber are bel fling to fear that they may take a step too fare will be remembered that a few months ago tb House of Commons passed by a large majoritY ' " betterment " clause in a Bill promoted by tb London County Council, but that the House .° Lords rejected the clause and wrecked the

That rejection was so palpably in the selfish int ests of the ground landlords—the receivers unearned increment—and so much agal

the interests of the public as a whole, and -of residents in large towns in particular, that House of Lords has been censured even by Tel

In order to escape the obloquy that is be heaped upon them some of their lordships hatcl a nice little scheme. They decided to in' the House of Commons to appoint a_ c'

mittee to meet a committee of the lk of Lords and discuss the whole question "betterment." Mr. GLADSTONE'S answer to proposal was straight and to the point.

Government "will not concur in any such prePt; sal" The House of Commons has arrived gt conclusion on that paestion long ago,and expresse it in a definite form, and they did not intend recede from it. As a final slap • the Pima° added, "I do not at all understand why it is tbi/ office of the House of Lords to move us tsP, point committees for which we have no occasl°l/.1 After this unceremonious treatment it is not' e all unlikely that their lordships will come to tbl, conclusion that " stemming the democratic tide is not going to be such an easy and pleasant poi, time as some of them, perhaps, thought it 011 be.

AN article which has boon co Preparing b tdby Sla RCHIBALD A A 8014 for War. u e the December number of "Bloc, wood" shows how easily and speedily a horribi/t destructive war might burst over Europe. shows, too, that the Continental Powers are 05; pecting and preparing for such a war. Thereo. be no other explanation of the fact that tho sian Government has massed nearly a millioo men upon the German frontier. This huge 0114 includes in its ranks, soldiers drawn from neat.prY all the civilised and uncivilised nations and tri% in the Russian empire—Russians, Poles, Jess',4{ Cossacks, Circassians and Tartars. The fate "t Germany if invaded by such a horde would aln3°9o baffle description. It is when thinking of sal' disaster that one can appreciate the motive° the Germans in giving their Kaiser practicsllYl free hand in strengthening the army. It ie understood that when the outbreak—this" 1/711 of giants "—does come, Russia and France be banded together against Germany, Allety:, and Italy. France has increased her army fullest extent her population will permit. enormous as are the combined forces of Roi,, and France, it is not at all unlikely that, W11.,,e the struggle does commence, they may find selves more than out-matched. The attempt 1'1; no doubt, be made to crush Germany before allies can get well into the field, but GermaDY be a hard preliminary nut to crack. Sir Allc",f BALI> ALISON estimates that when its system has been fully developed Germany's alnlito able trained force for war will reach tho enorlo.o number of 4,300,000 men. The combinedar°l,4 of the triple alliance are said to out-number the forces of France and Russia by no fewer thi° half a million.

MR LABOUCHERE keeps up his criticism of Ovi doings of the South African Chartered Conl with relentless pertinacity. He is now anxias re. know what has become of the Matabele who wounded in their encounters with the Cm-013010 forces. He estimates that thare must halm heepA something like two thousand wounded naisr', left on the field after the various encounter."' Considering the destruclive fire of the Mass.„lll guns there must, at all events, have been seve"4s hundreds. / Mr. LABOUCIIRRID asks, what Ilia become of these wounded warriors. There sh‘)ll be a prompt and satisfactory answer to such 6D inquiry as this, though that answer has not cd/ei., been given by the Chartered Company. LAROUCIIRRE almost insinuates that the wolnw.e,4 Matabele have been massacred by the native 13.11,F-; of the Company, but, surely, it may be taken granted that the white men would not permit 5% such atrocity as that to be perpetrated under tm very muzzles of their guns? At the ea m

is very de: endowed ' Governme With a full GOLE

SPEC' A and a g 0

11. E:

re:1:u! ty t .hat

I

Atmo lions on Mo *n^d for s, t 4111:d one Nro t. es, Ma 11) aoqrpn p 4b, Runcorn'

Sunday i; ttlee to the Ilethodi G st .re Brita the eh tave a aP' Rchnoi. CoLLIEre,. Settiou At Wid Wade Ele'e Ilateed eha Itt Learried rge' 'oeda htatt. ev kasuizesc°4ll ~,"°eßvTai nrrum, • The tot 1 tl`)eatio • ZGArston, t ai ii()re Z2BO, ad Ida, the et" n talon. '4l aZRITCEE., ittit.y

A LI At ' c Pta 4°llll J BeP p ettber t-412.03 krlTrig flt,d Roods h 8", aS Lail m until IikATLF:y Mnni- :loBott, 21, v klaull d argaret- • pri„ • at )t thIkthe haa ran aei Lefin luisault!asr Bent

ot object to the not make it se. )cts to the Bill. 11 because it Is it is too exPol: very much of ) matter, that accidents gene - origin, and deal at when a ma° Id have some' mt." If he act, s the House °f rially wideh the Liar and -- ld more bone'''. ng to marvel et. rectly sure that

at the inst,,, BURY it will this Lis bag ) leader of y revealed w)

ontracting. ill make his b to enlarge

n them.

es nothing ta• According t° overn merit oe f 11 simply be

ems to be

at class whicb, untry being d affairs asi

;ogether,

ood for h

r the peers

ly represoi which an 7 of der

takeable , is not

q reform set obbled "at the hopes of 'e have had le Lords

gramme of of weakness

g to their

D evident Lber are

top too far. tonths ago .rge majoritY m o ted by the House Dcked the ; le selfish inL he receivers much

ole, and of ;ular, that even by Ti that is

7dships ha [dad to in‘ point a f the 1101

1 question answer to

a point. .ny such , ta arrived g

~and expr, not intend the PRY

d why it is love us to

it it is nor

11 come Imocratic WO

d pleasant. Dught it WO'

; been IALD ALISO er of "Bli dily a horri'

)r Europe. 'owers aro

ar. There t that the.

ly a millioo This huge'

vr) from ne,. ions and to Poles, Jel The fate ) would r

iking of sucli the motivos practicalli y. It is '

ik—this" I France 1/1. 3any, A:

ar army to permit. 1.1 *cos of RI

ely that, lay find till 3 attempt Any before , Germany

Sir Aizi

1 its Mail rmany's al

tha enorolu: tnbined ar°ll,6o ut-numbert" no fewer 051)

iticism of red Com pt-: OW a o ajoug )ele who " ,he Comparli ust hair° be% inded nativ"" 3 eneounter.o36' >f the 151951 I been sevel% 3, what 1111, There sho"a er to such 6v has not Ye mpany. cie the vvoooo e native allier 7 be taken ot permit 813)0 ';ed under

' benofr itigv ,ill the out. !at' , the LOto • tbo quifo , al' tfle LOP taster' foci irds—tb° )nte' 0600 )mocratic Big° yell the so woald f tb° 0/1 Toll that tile Dill' kter of agai° • the the !oriel' bairiAg \Ole" of Aito )114 ; thie The pror ; e ,ressei to ,vel° the aro ' occasico e$ q" P • • I conor ta 1 tor .0711 ! If or , Izoo. of arrol 0111 ,srh ainlo4 of otri" the ,ussi° 711e° jhlr itiOl love th° to won beeo ../t4 [\

===== 0002601_18931202_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
By Mr. WILLIAM ELLIS.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLD MEDAL DIETETIC TEAS.

SPECIALLY RECOMMENDED TO DYSPEPTICS, ailda g eat boon to any who have been denied the use of other teas by their Medical Advisers. HENRY INII LLING & CO, LTD. ERC II ANTS, WARRINGTON.

CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS. lIENRY NU LLING and COMPANY, LIMITED, thb,;,g Inform the i rt. Clustci)nme:srs t will bht; rAincßir (7); IIOLIDAY lacesDlll.ifttl3l3ll 26th.

HORSEMARKET-STREET AND CORPORATION-SMREET BUILDINGS. WAiiRINGTON.

,„_,LOcAL NEWS.

Th,..ALHOST A" MAIDEN SESSION "AT RUNCORN. e s Very " light" list at Runcorn Petty Sea- '°s Mon 'ay, S 4 ruuel Waterworth, a youth,aOr st tttng off fireworks in the street,and three men 1158,°t! woman, all strangers, were fined for drunken- the • Major Idazlehurst and Mr. James Handley, were smleistrates. 111.,,J c'PR . PRtTen RD Watchmaker and Jeweller, 51, High- ""corn. —A def. Sntid TEMPERANCH SUNDAY AT RUNCORN. tOce aY last was the day appointed for special refer- lite,hlto the evils of intemperance in all the Westeyan Gtre i at°d„ist places of worship and Sunday schools n 14 th nritain and appropriate sermons were preached tayeethaPels is Runcorn district. Mr. John Simpson khom.a° impressive address in Brunswick-street —III, est. 1840, Bake Collier's are always baking.— Ad SRRIo At Ard rs CHARGE AGAINST A WIDNES CRIPPLE. Wade "es Petty Sessions on Thursday before Mr. H. tatned p'?eolz and Lieut Colonel Gaskell, a young man IYas eh el-"tr Tonkies,a cripple living in Wright-street, tlarri darged with committing a serious assault on a kende" w,man named Annie Poole of Waterloo-road, on BenehaY evening last. After hearing the evidence the hissizesc°Mlnitted the prisoner for trial at the Liverpool Its"; *47-rd 11,"6 is sold for smallest profit at Cozzura's,92,Grees 1.1 - 4.;::l°e-td..Egerton-st.', Bridge-st.6,Church-st.—Adst 1-ONGREGATIONAL CHURCH BAZAAR, Ihe L 1 RUNCORN. °-al takings at this bazaar up to Friday night, 'tonati;'4.' 6" snn tickets was £260. Since that time a °I! Go: " £5 has been received from Mr. J.P. Paton, ;Rod and the sewing meeting have a balance in I,4°re 48nahou', £l7. The total amount raised, ia there- most satisfactory result, considering the ,Ontl-4,-„r, of trade in the locality. The debt of £2OO `taken: 'uspel will be cleared off and other work under- -IN„c Ruth's have now stood the test for fifty yesrs. and and Hirst Class workmanship are still guaranteed.

p. At k ALLEGE]) ROBBERY BY BOYS AT RUNCORN. __r _ "pea k ""e"rn Police Court on Tuesday before M Jobn 'jnan, cbarien Morris, (11) Joseph Faulkner (13) thar„e7Ph Jones (12) and Charles Ashbrook (12) were Ileoe'rnLwith having between the 18th and 28th of kr4p,, "er stolen and received 100 oranges. six lbs of flci a rabbit, value 6s. 91, the goods of EllenT Feeds ,Ish dealer and fruiterer, Runcorn Market.he nouße .Sheet stolen from a shed behind Mrs. Morris's undl,i,lT.ll-street. The prisoners were remanded on monday, r„L"'e DimSONS 21b. for 6d. at CoLtira's.—Adre. ztoir On , AGE ASSAULT ON A WOMAN AT WipNES. .rnett,'2ll"(l4y at Widnes Police Court, Patrick Mc fr- ani,.", water-streei, was charged on a warrant with mar" ing and beating a married woman named 4i113, ret Johnson. Prosecutrix stated that on the 30th at)nPrie the risnr came into her bedroom,kicked and beat her then b _ ^dy, and dragged her out of the house, and kliad ra" away. She had 'not seen prisoner since, as e from the town.—Superintendent '84114 aiu he saw Johnson the day after the alleged -e' and her face was all in a "pulp." The prisoner nt to gaol for one month.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
ISAAC'S SAUSAGES.

J. ISAAC wishes respectfully • to call attention to the

SUPERIOR QUALITY

SAUSAGEE,

11111°^11 are made on the premises FRESH DAILY

PROM CHUSHIRE FED PORK.

They have by far the

LARGEST SALE

111 the district, fact whicth speaks for Itself of

4143 wive the patille appreciate them. A really

HONEST SAUSAGES,

t° be Put Ivan the best tables of the land

with conidenee

===== 0002601_18931202_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEA SH TRY THUM

a lieto., I,CCIDENT AT RUNCORN STATION. reide-j l'arleton ticket collector, met with a zeriouns. ut Ru • Station on Monday eve. h rienr° Railway 417 P int ,ttt• hL. '1•Ao box was attached to the • train Iver Pool to this Chester, and in order to unhook f the tuart• ei,gr)uds warehouse, Tarleton rode on the step of cat' I 8 v:arl• Ti reaching the end of the platform w I -be ::ttling forward, and his head came in contact tr He was knocked to the ground from Lis_oei.„,"g Picked up he was found to be suffermgbf Ikell,ini"tie9 to the head. He was quickly seen y DJ. •••eld "Ueall and then removed to his home at 15, t 4 te,or•st. 1101%toll wltan,it your WITCH aselnisit by skilled workmen Tel/ARIA. Advt. 40 °AT wOMAN'S FEARFUL FALL AT RUNCORN: tat *l4 tfit half'PaSt eight on Monday night Lily Griffitehs, tjh°B? h Griffiths, captain of the flat Jessrile ,7 at th yerY serious accident. The flat was in dry Sprinch works and the only means of getting •:lin- was by walki g along a plank. Mrs. Griflithe Sr e • Go -4ta -gn-rppe d and fell into the dock a 4,, ric feet. en she slipped Dr. MacKenzie and Superintendent l:°Maii were quickly on the scene and the unfortunate iwaB Conveyed to 10 Frederick-St l reet. n m "Y Dr ai• T.- • revealed that she had 505- InJUrleS to the spins an,l had also a frac- 'z'l3l22. NEW CURRANTS 2d. per lb, at CoLLIER'S.—Adrt. IRT,I„IIatITAL TREAT/48NT OF A WIFE AT WIDNES. Curt on Monday, Patrick Muldoon, re,,t' was placed in the dock on a charge of ea ••=1 grievous bodily harm to his wife, Annie ‘• Y,O„-ouperintendent Keig tile), stated that defend vi as sall Ott Saturday night beta can nine and e le-ed w ire dilig by the door, and h do het forlVil on the shins, and afterwards knocked her rte.mand.—Dr. Allen said that morn d fractured her ribs. He would therefore a.hsk ti!tl,a!is7l(l,ealc(;ase g tr4s,c'efro'rllior • as a result of the injury, and made tii.h Weulc, e Rerious.—Prisonor was remanded in cus- th,„ tr, rttzs,rr „want of a CRAsTE and ELEGANT Vi•EDDING or go FRITCRARD'B, A, A. 51, High-strt - ee wi i"--NE AT WIDNES RAILWAY STATION. • rieLlies Petty Sessions on Thursday before Mr. U. • Lic.E.,:acull and L' ie-ut Col. Gaskell,Edward Situnderss, •i.riaido'llool road, Cadishead, near Manchetcr, was "t' the Sheffield and Midland Railway Co.o ia • widalt:.ll,:cfi they byelaws Sunday attempting to enter at st.:;4"ito n.otion g, the 29th October, a, Sarah Samd qs, was sum- t:cl for assrlau' itwifiespe'catorar Balshaw, at the same 111,'4,-,s4t",flace, and her nth-other, Mary AT utPt?Y' ojeGoraus," iiht"Ner" "Idues, was summoned for assaulting d c7ate t. a Porter.—Mr. B. J. Turner prosecute (,) and "hip c oat the mall defendant was employed _ dna lnht 'went tatial.. On the day named the three de en • Il male defendant:•zStatios intendedhrtivaft o travelertnineo'c y the o'clock kait 4tatio alrl to Manchester, but Olthough he was on the tic)ten minutes ' before the train Was due, there w handshakin that the guard had given the 5 gt. 'l•ll,,Tg.,the train g o• g off before s,unders a. hode`eu to enter twhaestm" vin Ile then ran after the train. 4ha.vi,ttein Med tO enterraame:arrL)ge, but Inspector havel3al failerlZ,Li Barker attempted to stop him,but would 'rfta',o'llt for the assistance of a passenger. The,ywowm, an. „had n„ed so much that the grri.rd, not knowin,,n 11. .atiri-ci•ettlrred, brought the train to a standsti Ivard, '4B was then allowed to enter a carriage. Aft vtith h ra•Saunders belaboured Balshaw about the head ad Urnbrella, breaking his cap. She AISO streal, .11141:tit the face with her hand. Mrs. Murphyee.e_t tip„p Y struck Barker, and the station was " • Rarded for ten minutes.

WESTON BIBLE AND MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT CLASS. At the meeting of this class on Monday Miss Fitton read a paper on sympathy. For sweet, white, home made bread,try COLLIER'S.—Advt. ST. JOHN'S BAND OF Hors, RUNCORN. An entertainment was given by the members on Wed- neFday evening to a good audience. Addresses were delivered by the Chairman (Mr. Arthnr Robinson) and the Rev. J. Pulford Over 6,000 delicious loaves sold every week at COLLIER'S —Advt.

CAMDEN BAND OF Hors, RUNCORN. A public meeting was held in Camden Sunday School, on Monday, under the presidency of Mr. E. Wynne Humphreys, who delivered an interesting address. "An entertainment was given by members. JOSETII PRIrCHIRD, 51, High-street, Runcorn, keeps SPECTACLES to suit all sights, from a shilling a pair.—Arlmi. WESLEYAN FOREIGN MISSIONS AT RUNCORN. The anniversary of the Halton-road branch was held on Sunday, when sermons were preached by the Rev. R. Renton, of Frodsham. The public meeting was held on Monday evening, under the presidency of Mr. S. Taylor, chairman of the Runcorn Board of Commissioners. The total amount raised by this branch for last year was £33 ss. 10d., which was considered very satisfactory. A very practical address on the commercial value of mis- sions to this country was given by the Chairman, who was ably followed by the Rev. J. Wilkeg on the true scrip- tural ground in which missions to the heathen ought to be supported. The Rev. R. Renton gave an excellent address. The amount raised at the services was £l4 ss. 4d. COLLIER'S OVENS are going night and day.—Adst. WIDNES RELIEF COMMITTEE. The monthly meeting of this Committee was held at the Town Hall, on Wednesday, Mr. H. Wade Deacon presided. Accounts amounting to £230 19s. 5d., were pasr.ed for payment. Mr. F. Neil, chairman of the Finarce Committee said the subscriptions would cease at the end of the week, when they would have a balance in hand of about £3oo.—On the proposition of Coun- cillor Christie, seconded by Mr. F. Lawrinson, it was decided to discontinue the distribution of s.up after Saturday next, and to leave the giving of relief in deserving cases to the Finance Committee. Ms Commitree was enlarged by the addi- tion of Councillors Christie, Davies, Carney, and Smith, and Mr. Cozier. The next meeting will be held on Dec.

20th. COLLIER'S use over ten tons of Flow every week—Advt. MILTON CONOREGATIONAL CHURCH, WIDNES. The anniversary was celebrated on Sunday, when the Rev. vv .S. Roberts, of Liverpool, occupied the pulpit at the morning service, and the Rev. J. Dunlop,of Liver- pool, in the evening. In the afternoon a service for the young was hell and addresses were given by ,:ouncillor Hodgkinson and Mr. W. Streets. The choir rendered special music under the leadership of Professor Ainsley, whole vesper hymn was rendered for the first time. On Monday evening the annual congregational tea was held, and 150 persons were present. A concert followed un- der the presidency of Mr. J. H. Lee. A capital pro- gramme was gone through by Misses Ainsworth, Guise, J. Reay,A. Bartrop, and C. Saull, Messrs. A.Shingler, W. Bartrop,J. Norris, H. Wilkinson, T. Boggridge, Lacey,J. ' Lewis Jones, and T. Fox, and the choir. Mr, linsle and Master W. Bartrop were the accompanists. Oo to PRITCHARD'S, 51, High-st., Runcorn. for the best FIVE GUINEA WATCH a working man can have. —Advt. TABLEAUX VIVANTS AT RUNCORN. Miss Pierpoint, art teacher, and her pupils, assisted by a few gentlemen, gave an exhibition ni tableaux rirants to a large audience in RuncArn Public Hall on Wednes- day evening. There were fifteen tableaux, and while all were excellent," An Eastern Slave Market," " The Snow Queen "and " Statuary " were generally held to be the best. 'rhe drapery, and posturing showed great skill and judgment and artistic taste. In the tableaux, " The Little Outcasts," Miss Price sang " Driven from 1 home," admirably. the representation of " Mrs. 'Enery Awkins "was made highly effective by Mrs. White, of the Liverpool Kyrie Society, ventriloquising the song very cleverly. Miss Edith Andrews recited Hood's " Song of a shirt," with a dramatic force and pathos that brought tears to the eyes of many present. The " waits" were agreeably filled up by songs by Mr. Joseph Morrison, ot Widhes, who rendered " Old Mad- rid," " My hearts dream," and " By old Verona," and whose voice retains much of its old charm ; and by the performances of an orchestral band under the direc- tion.of Mr. R. W. Pierpoint, Mr. W. B. Kay being the leader. The programme included " Poet. and Peasant," " Cavaleria Rusticana." " Pirates of Penzance," and the gavotte" Evelina," composed by Mr. thrkett Mus- grove of Runcorn, a composition highly creditable to so young a musician. Mr. Outhwaite gave an euphonium solo. Mr. Musgrove was at the pianoforte. The scenery used in the tableux was kindly lent by Mr. Cracidick of the Theatre Royal, and the piano was lent by Mr. Teamerley of Lowland-road. The duties of stage mana- ger were ably carried out by Mr. W. Crosby and Messrs. 11. W. and C. Handley produced the limelight effects. The proceeds of the entertainment are to be deveted to local charities. PURE IRISH BUTTER. 15. per lb., at COLLIER'S.—Adt.t. ILLNESS OF MR. BRUNNER, M.P. Mr. Brunner, M.P., lot the North wich Division of Cheshire; who was seized with illness while attend- ing his Parliamentary duties, has so far recovered sae to be able to leave London for the country for change and rest. DELICIOUS CRISP CRUST round COLLIER'S bread.—Adat. ACCIDENT TO A SUTTON MAN. On Tursday afternoon, Samuel Roberts, aged 42 of Sutton, was run over by a passing vehicle, on Wilderspool Cluseway and seriously injured. He was nicked up 9id taken to the Infirmary at War- rington for treatment. UMBREL/ IS RE•COPERED.--J. and W.DUTTON, Sankey-st., Warr; neon. —Advt. FUNERAL OF A CROFT FARMER The remains of the late Mr. Thomas Mather, farmer, Croft, who died at his residence on the 24th of November, at the age of 73 years, were interred' on Monday afternoon, in the churchyard at Christ Church, Croft, in the presence of a number of rela- tives, neighbours, and friends. The Rev. IL I. Wadeson, rector, officiated. The deceased leaves a widow to mourn his loss. 2e. TO ss. IN TRH e, OFF. on all mush orders et R. W. Missies, Furniture W aehmse, Bridge-Foot, Warrington. —See fuller advt., paged. - Advt. PAYMENTS TO INCUMBENTS UNDER THE WINWIGII RECTORY ICT. In the House of Commons, on Tuesday, Mr. Legh asked the Controller of the Household whet her any payments had yet been made by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners to the incumbents of the benefices set out in the schedule to the Winwick Rectory Act, 1884, and, it not, whether he would state how s- the incumbents might expect to receive any payment under the provisions of the Act in ques- tion.—Mr. Leveson Gower :No payment has, as yet been made, as the Ecclesiastical Commissioners have only received, during the last few weeks, sufficient capital to repay advances wllich had been made by them under the provisions of the Act. The Commissioners are, however, about to take steps with a view to the distribution of a small surplus which is expected te accrue during the year ending the 31st of October, 1894. ALL HOUSEHOLD LINEN, hemmed and marked, free of charge. —J. and W. Dtirroa. Sankey st.—Advt. Goon TEMPLARY AT LATCHFORD. A grand entertainment in connection with the Bonehill branch lodge, was held in the Temperance Hall, on Monday evening, under the presidency of Bro. L. Ellison, P.C.T. The Chairman was pleased to report a good increase in membership, during the past quarter throughout the East and Mid- Cheshire district. A very interesting programme was rendered, the following taking part :—Violin solo Bro.J. Ditchtield •, chorus, Sisters A.Dawson. L. Uojgb,A.Ethbofl Bro.A.Foicl ; readings," Bob's talk- ing leg or Don't drink," Broy.A.Jenkirs ; "WI at we see in the Police Court," Bro. F. Lloyd; timorous sketches in the Lance shire Dialect, Bros. A. Hamp- ton, and H. Fletcher. Further songs, etc., were given by Sisters Cliffe, E. Haugh. .J. Scott, Bros. J. Ditchfield, and B. Few. The Latchford glee party , under the leadership of Bro. A. Ford, rendered good service. The juvenile choir added greatly to the programme. The meeting concluded by the singing of the doxology. UMBRELLAS RE-COVERED —S. and W. DUTTON, Sankey-st., Wartington.---ildrt. TEE REV. T. RIPPON AT DOUGLAS.—A VIGOROUS ADDRESS. A singular incident was witnessed on Sunday in the Victoria-St., Veesleyatl Chapel, Douglas, which was crowded. The Rev. T. Rippon, who visited the principal places of amusement in the summer in company, had announced that he would discourse on the mora,s of Douglas, with special reference to the said places of amusement. Prior to his sermon the reverend gentleman intimated that he had re- ceived an anonymous letter, stating in effect that if fw made any false statements he would be there and then publicly challenged in the pulpit The reverend gentleman pointed out that there was a proper time and place for dealing with his asser- tions,quoted a statute against brawling in churches and intimated that if any person conducted himself improperly he might find himself lying on a plank bed. He anticipated opposition from time Press,but . said if he was not dealt fairly with lie would find it his duty to by bare other nets in his possession.ln the course of a vigorous disclurse the reverend gen- tleman condemned LOMB of tie practices he had witnessed at places of amusement, quoted recent utterances of Mr. Spencer Walpole in support of his ' allegations. and contended that what went on was mischievous and injurious to the morals of the place. The reverend gentleman continued his dis- course without interruption.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0058.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MIEMMIEI

===== 0002601_18931202_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 2 1893

FOOTBALL.— WARRINGTON GRAMMER SCHOOL V. THINGS HEARD AND SEEN AT DEAF AND DUMB SCHOOLS, MANCHESTER. This match was played at Warrington on Wed- RUNCORN. nesday. The good play on the part of the --- Grammar School team secured a victory of 5 goals to nil. THE INconv ATED LAW SOCIETY. We are pleased to ~ear that Mr. Joseph Turner Taylor, (son of Mr. Jos,3pb Taylor, Lion Hotel, War- rington,) who served his articles with Mr. Southern, of the firm of Me•srs. Artindale and SJuthern, has successfully passed the final examination held in connection with the Incorporated Law Society on the 7th and Bth of the present month. men.

BY AN OCCASIONAL CORNESPONDENT.

On Wednesday, Mr. P. Speakman, J.P.,C.C., had a shooting party on the Aston estate, and as game was plentiful there was a successful day's sport.

The Employers' Liability Bill having passed the House of Commons, the Bill as amended can be read at Runcorn Free Library. This intimation is given because the subject is of great interest to workiog

- BOROUGH BAND BALL. In the Drill Rail, on Monday night the members and friends of the Warrington Borough Band held their first annual ball. There were about 100 pre- sent. Dancing commenced at nine o'clock, and was kept up until three o'clock in the morning. All the arrangements were carried out successfully by Mr. Rathbone, the secretary.

--Runcorn Technical Instruction Committee re- ceived nine tenders for the erection of the Techni- cal Institute, and the Committee have decided to recommend the acceptance of one at the meeting of toe Commissioners on Thursday next. The name of the contractor has not yet been divulged.

• --- The fifth Gilchrist lecture was delivered on Thursday by the Rev. Dt. Da'linger and the Public Hall was filled to repletion. In fact no seats were to be had half-an-hour before the lecture coin- mencen splendid testimony to the popularity of the course. The lecture "Spiders—their work and wisdom" was most beautifully illustrated. The transparencies were designed and drawn by Dr. Hollinger himself and in several by great ingenu;ty, he was enabled to show on the screen, the exact operations he was describing.

WARRINGTON TEMPERANCE FEDERATION. A meeting of this Federation was held in Horse- market-street, Cocoa-rooms on Thursday. The busi- ness of the meeting was to elect two delegates to attend the National Temperance Convention, to be held in the Convent Garden Theatre, London, on Wednesday next. The delegates appointed were Mr. S. B. Stringer, and Mr. Win. Twiss. EMMANUEL Y.P.S.C.E., WARRINGTON. About 60 members and former members of this branch of the Young People's Society of Christian Endeavour met in the Senoolroom over Arpley Station on Tuesday evening last for a "Social Even- ing." An interesting programme was given con- sisting of piano solos by Miss Austin and Miss Evans, violin solos by Miss E. Lees. sacred solo by the Rev E. T. Reed, songs by Miss E. Lees anti Mr. Lloyd, readings by Mrs. Reed, recitations by Miss Gandy, and also anthem and Christian &idea- -1 our hymns by the members. During an interval retreshments with tea and coffee were handed rout' d and a very enjoyable evening was spent. ALL HOUSEROLD LINEN, hemmed and marked, free cf charge.—J. and W. DUTTON. Sankev-et. —Advt. BURTONWOOD SCHOOL BOARD. The usual monthly meeting of the above Board was held in the classroom, Burtonwood, on Tues- day, at 12.30 noon when there were present, Messrs. James Warburton (chairman), John 19arburton (vice-chairman), Thomas Norcott, William Fait.- dough, H. Gawthorpe (schoolmaster), John Fost (attendance officer), William Webster (clerk). The minutes of the last meeting were read and ct. firmed. The correspondence for the month was read and considered. The applications for assist- ant mistressship were read and the Clerk was in- structed to arrange-for an interview with the selected candidate and to summon a special meet- ing when same arranged. The attendance of scholars was considered and cheque signed for current expenses. There was no further business of public interest.

At the annual meeting of Widnes Conservative 'Club on Wednesday,Lord Cross was again appointed president, Mr. S.Utoward,treasurer, and Mr. J.Treacy Nrcretary. The year ended with a balance in hand of £29 195., as compared with £4l9s. 11d, last year. Subscriptions showed a falling off of £lO. _ _ .

Mr. W. T. Husband,solicitor of Widnes and Liver- pool is a candidate for the coroner-ship of Preston arid the Fylde district. For some years !kir. Husband was deputy coroner for South West Lan- cashire.

To-day, Widnes Relief Committee conclude the distribution of food, the Pi/lance Committee who have a sum of nearly £3OO in hand are ernpo Nered to inquire into applications and afford the neces- sary relief.

The following are the amounts returned to the Town Clerk as the expenses of the various cdnoi- dates at the recent municipal elections at Widned Councillor S. Owens, £8 3. sd. ; Mt. A. O. Lowry, £0 2s. ; Councillor H. Singleton, ES s+. 10,1. ; Mr. R. Tebbutt, £7 3s. ; Mr. M. Mannion, £4 6, 61. ; Councillor T. Carney £6 Is. 6,1.; Mr. F. Hartland, £4 Is. 6d.

Mr. C. Nick3on, the historian of Runcorn, went to much commendable trouble to ascer- tain the correct derivation and meaning of the name Runcorn. New light has been thrown on the subject by a paper entitled " The Mersey as known to the Romans,"which Mr. William ilandley, Chairman of Runcorn Library Committee has discovered in the Picton Library, Liverpool. The paper is written by a well-known antiquarian and historian, Mr. Joseph Bolt, who gives the Anglo-Saxon name of the place as Rumcoren,mean- . ing " the chosen place." It was the place chosen by Queen Ethelflerla,upon which to build her castle. The name has assumed its present form of Runcorn, says the historian, in accordance with that rule of Eng- lish speech by which " m " before a hard "c " becomes " n,"and the "e," being silent has also been discarded.

WARRINGTON ASSESSMENT COMMITTEE. The monthly meeting of the Warrington Assess- ment Committee was held at the Workhouse, yesterday. The Rev. G. F. Roberts presided, and there were present Messrs. \%m. Long, W. Balharry, W. Houghton, J. Houghton, J. Ratcliffe, A. Jolley, Wm. Owen (valuer), J. C. Sutton (clerk). Mr. Wm. Owen, valuer, stated that the Brooks trustees and Samuel Brooks trust, appealed against the assess- ment on certain wOodlands in South worth, Hough- ton, and Burtonwood. The average assessment was at the rate of 325. an acre rateable value. The ap- pelant produced a copy of a case tried before Jus- tices Mellor and Manisty in 1577, where an assess- ment had been reduced in Southwick, by the Quarter Sessions. In this case there had been assessed on woodland property 13s. 3d. for occupa- tion and one shilling for sporting rights. This had been reduced to six shillings for occupation and one shilling for sporting rights. The Justices had pro- nounced the reduction made by the Quarter Ses- sions as correct, and held that a wood was to be assessed as if the land were not a wood, but land let in an unimproved condition. After a considerable amount of discussion the Committee granted the appeal, the reduction being made in accordance with the fulings in the case quoted. This was all the public business.

The same historian also states that Queen Ethel- fieda's husband, founded a Royal burgh for the use ot his wife's family, and to this burgh was given the name of lithwalla,—the town of Ethelfleda. That Royal borough is now known as Thelwall, and It is an interesting fact that on the ordnance map a portion of Runcorn is now shown as being in Thel- wall.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
F RODSHAN.

POLICE CASES.—At Frodsham Petty Sessions nn Wed- nesday William Sands was summoned for stealing a coat value £1 193. the property of John Aston, Overton on October 17th.—The case was dismissed.—George Briscoe. was summoned for assaulting his wife Elizabeth at Frodsham Lordship and pleading guilty,he was bound over for six months. THE MISSION Room, FIFE CROSSES.—On Tuesday afternoon a matinee was given in the Frodsham Boys' School, in connection with the building of the mission room at Five Crosses. There was a large attendance. The items contributed by M. Tivadar Naehez on his violin were a special feature, Mrs. Egerton Warburton, I Mrs. Philips, Mrs. Egerton Leigh, and Mrs. Mytton Thornycroft took part. VOLUNTEER PRIZE DISTRIBUTION. The annual Concert of the Frodsham Company of th,, 2nd (Earl of Chester) Vit. Cheshire Regiment, was held in the Town Hall, Frodsham, on Wednesday evening, there being a large and appreciative audience. There was an excellent programme, the principal portions being placed under the charge of Mr. Josef Can:or,who, with his quartette company, assisted by Miss Alige Whittaker and the Volunteer Band, monopolised, with the exception of a short interval, the whole of the even- ing. During the interval in the concert the prizes were distributed to the several competitors in the Company, by Mr. James Reynolds, of Fox Hill, who is an ardent admirer and friend of the Company. BREACH OF THE LICENSING ACT.—At Frodsham Petty Sessions on Wednesday before Mr. C. Reynolds, Dr. Creele,and Mr.T.Rigby.--Joseph Faulkner,landlord of the Weaver Tavern, Frodsham Bridge, was summoned for permitting drunkenness on his licensed premises, on October 17th.—Mr. W. B. Churton, Chester, appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. A. Fletcher, Northwich, re- presented the defendant. On Tuesday, October 17th, P.S. Thomas and P.C. Weatherby about nine p.a. were near the Weaver Tavern, when they heard a loud noise going on inside. They went into the taproom and there saw three men, all of whom were drinking. Each had a pint pot before him. Stephen Oaks was very drunk. The landlord said, " I cannot deny he was drunk ; but it was my daughter who served him. lam very sorry, and I hope you will not report me this time. I will see It doss not occur again." The daughter was about 14 years old,—Mr. Fletcher, for the defence, stated that he would be able to show unmistakably that Oaks was not drunk. Oaks was engaged in the Indian Mutiny, and was telling some of his friends his experiences. There was no noise. He had a half-pint of beer, got up with- out difficulty, walked to his house, had his supper, and then took his child to bed. He was not drunk in any degree. After hearing a number of witnesses, the Chairman said the decision of the Court was that they convict the defendant, who would be fined £2 and 16s. 6d. costs.—Stephen Oaks, of Newtown, was summoned for being drunk on the licensed premises of Mr. Faulkner, on October 17th. He was fined 53. in- cluding costs.

W ARRINGTON AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC SOCIETY. At the ordinary monthly meeting of this society, held in the al useuns, Bold-street, on Tuesday even- ing, in the absence of the president, (Mr. T. J. Down), Mr. 11. N. Houghton, presided. A very Interesting lecture and practical demonstration was given by Mr. Herbert Fry of the Paget Prize Plate Co., on " Lantern slides by contact and in the camera." He dealt with the characteristics of good lantern slides, the colour and other conventions,and briefly described the limitations in the manufacture of transparency emulsions, and the uses of the different kinds of Paget plates, slow—rapid, and print-out. He next dealt with the mode of putting in skies, reduction, and local treatment, or what is !better known as " dodging? The lecturer then !dwelt at some length upon the." invidious choice ot ' developers,"and strongly recommended members to acquaint themselves with one maker's plates and formulm, and above all not to use the same devel- oper over and over again as was the case with many amateurs. The lecturet and demonstration proved most instructive, the interest of the members being well sustained by the exhibition of slides illustra- tive of the subject of which Mr. Fry was treating. and the actual development, toning and fixing of several plates, which were handed round for inspec- tion at the several stages of process,and were finally shown in the lantern. The meeting concluded with !the usual votes of tt anks. I SOAKING RAIN PROOF OVERCOATS, yet porous. 555.. C. JACKSON HOLMES, General Outfitter. Market Gate, Warring- tan.--Adrt. MINSTREL ENTERTAINMENT. At the Parochial Mission Hall, Earlestown, the Bank-street Mission (Warrington) Amateur min- strels gave an entertainment on Monday evening before a large audience in aid of the Mission Hall fund. The Rev. T. It. Matthews presided, and announced the various items which appeared on the programme. As amateurs the soi-di.oant darkies were fairly good, and they succeeded in thoroughly A TRAGIC OCCURRENCE. amusing their audience,each item being submittted On Wednesday afternoon, Mr. James George Kerr fifty years of age, and formerly manager of Mr. E. rinactirlyuegmivienns.tre,l,Nfaoswbidonas. hiTnhgetohproeunginhg the chorus sn owwa.7, V. Morton's branch pawnshop. Bridgefoot, War- rington, died very suddenly at Mr. Morton's resid- d firstby M partr. ci . o Gill h thefor programme the comic esnocogr e,,s Clara were ence, Island-road,Garston. It appears that deceased BNI enoc int ahrnee, s ball," and by Mr. W. Gray, for " Sieter Mary had hurried from Liverpool in order to attend the walks like this. The other items were equally funeral of Mr. Herbert Morton, and that as soon as " well given, and enthusiastically received. They he reached the house he fell down dead. included a song," Chiming bells," Mr. J. W. Taylor; WAnniSiGToN MAIMETS. comic song," Whistling Coon," W.Cartwright ; song. —r. m F J. Dell. decorator, of Sankey-st.. has just " Old folks at home," E. Butterworth ; comic song, completed the painting of the Warrington Market "Johnny Whimple," P. H. Simkin ; song!" Baby Hall,with which work he was entrusted by the Mar- " Only to see her face," .J. kets Committee The work,which is the largest pain- Wolf,' A. Pemberton. The pB joeyk, ' t' o l n. Hayes song, The ing contract in the district has been carried out to chorus which closed the first part was, "There's the entire satisfaction of the Borough Surveyor nnd a war abrewing," which was loudl3 applauded. In 1 the Committee, and the result haslieen a complete the second part was a comic sketch "Handy Andy,' 1 transformation in the. appearance of the markets. Bros. Simkin ; comic song," Useful knowledge," I ! -• 1 The main body of the roofs are treated with light Hayes ; song •` Warrior Bold," A. Pemberton ; song, I stone colour, with the girders, cantilevers and tie . " Puzzles," U. Gill ; Stump speech, A. Hazlehurst ; . rods picked out with pale French grey of a blue cast "I'm another," A. Simkin ; trio " Brannigatt's bind," i The columns are finished a delicate heleotrope tint, , Gray, Daintith and Caldwell ; bones solo, W. Cart- relieved with a neat stencil pattern in blue at the , wright ; song " Down by the sea," E. Butterworth. base, giving an appearauce of extra heigilt to the The program m, was concluded with a farce entitled roof. The capitals are picked out, with vermillion • "Blinks and Jinks," in which 'Messrs. J. W. Taylor, A. Simkin, W. Gray, and P. IL Simkin took parr. and huff, the whole aspect of the nvirkets being at ' once lightsome and cheerful.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
LY MM.

TEMPERANCE SUNDAY. —Special services were held at the Baptist Chapel, fligher-lane, on Sunday, when two sermons were preached by the Rev. William Owen, Emmanuel Church, Upper Brook-st., Manchester, on the subject of temperance. In the afternoon Mr. Owen delivered an address to the children. Special collections were made. PRIMITIVE METHODIST ANNIVERSARY.—At the Primitive Methodist Chapel, on Sunday,anniversary services were conducted. The pulpit was occupied morning and even- ing by Mr. S. Hilton, of Leicester. There were large congregations, and the collections were in aid of the Trust Funds. Miss Florence E. Shore presided at the organ. A public tea was held on Monday evening,when about one hundred persons sat down to an excellent repast. The tables were presided over by Mrs. Edwards Mrs. and Miss Jackson, and the Misses Dodds. A meet- me was afterwards held, when the Rev. D.W.Roberts, of Warrington, delivered an address on " As hour with Mark Twain." The chair was occupied by Mr. Hilton.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
DIS

IN WARRINGTON.

All the works in Warrington are now in full awing, and it is said that there are even more men employed than there were before the dispute, owing to the large orders which the employers have to get off their hands. The work of relief at the soup kitchens will cease to-day, although the Ladies' Committee will probably be required during the greater part ot the winter.

r WEEKLY MEETING OF THE RELIEF COMMITTEE. A THANKSGIVING MEETING.

The last meeting of the Warrington Relief Committee was held in the Town Hall, Testerday. The Mayor, Alderman E. Greenall, occupied the chair. REPORT OF THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE. Mr. Stinley Wilson read the following report of the work of the general committee .—Your Committee in presenting their report on the work done, wish in the first place to put on record their appreciation of the excellent conduct of the men throughout the past 13 weary weeks. The amount of deprivation and suffering, and the sad condition of hun- dreds of families was most deplorable, and baffles all description.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
ORGANIZATION.

It will he remembered that at the town's meeting called by his Worship the Mayor on the 12th September it was universally felt that if the work of relief was to I lie carried out satisfactorily some system of organization • must be adopted. The town was accordingly divided into three districts, each having their own Committee ! (consisting of the clergy and ministers, certain ladies and gentlemen and the managers, or representatives, from the various works in such district) and Honorary Secretary. The amount of relief allowed to adults waa : 1 lb of bread and a pint of soup, or potatoe hash, and half the quantity to children under 12 years of age. The distribution of the weekly tickets for relief was carried out in a most satisfactory manner by the representativeQ from the various works who met at a stated time each Saturday afternoon. By this means alrw,st every per- son receiving a ticket was known to the distributor.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
DISTRIBUTION OF FOOD.

The food was distrihuted each mcrning from 10 45 to 12.30 at the following soup kitchens : District No. 1, Bank-street Mission Room; No. 2, Buckley-street School; No. 3, the Drill Hall ; No 4, Liverpool-road Cycle Works. On an average 5,000 persons received relief daily, making a total of 389,734 persons.

FOOD DISTRIBUTED.

Soup, 265,444 pints ; breaA, 316,5001b5. ; tea. 11.695 packets ; sugar, 11,577 half-pounds ; jam, 2000, 21b. jars. GIFTS.

Your Committee have received in gifts food, Svi., to the estimated value of £179 153. 101. as follows :- 15,3221bs of bread, £63 Hs 10d. • 109 loads of potatoes, £2l 103. •, 3711bs of thief, £6 14. 31. ; 1831 lbs of tea, £l2 4s. Bd.; 6751bs of sugar, £7 04. 71.; preserves, 3i tons, £5O Os. 6,1. • vegetables, £ll 63. 6. ; coal, 71 tons, £7 103. ; total£l79 153. 101. GIFTS OF CLOTHING, &C. . _ _

A larze quantity of cast-off clothinz, blankets, &c., have been received and distributed by the ladies commit tee to deserving cases. LADIES' COMMITTEE.

The Ladies' Com—Mitree appointed for the relief of special cases of sicknessdkc.,have done IL noble work. They have worked most assiduously, attending at the various soup kitchens in the morning, and afterwards visiting cases often until a late hour in the evening. The total amount expended by this Committee is £B6 Is. Bd.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
LABOUR COMMITTEE._

Thanks are due to the Corporation for the manner they have assisted in providing work for the distrease men. The Borough officials, from the l'own Clerk and Borough Surveyor downy% ards, have done all they could to assist in the work.

The Labour Committee consisting of four representa- tives from the largest works in the town, viz. " Messrs Geo. Griffiths, Chas. E. Bunch, Thomas Burton and D. Fooshow " have granted certificates to 114 men per week —tor work at 3s. der day under the various departments of the Corporation. A total of 3,168 men received 3 dacs' employment, and the amount paid in wages is £465 15s.

PREPARATION OF THE FOOD. This was carried out under the superintendence of Mr. and Mrs. Powis, Town Hall caretakers, and was of excellent quality. The boiler capacity when your committee commenced the work was 120 gallons. It was. found necessary to erect further boilers, and at the present time we have boiler capacity of 485 gallons. EDWARD GRFENALL, Mayor and Hon. Treasurer. F. MONKS, Chairman of Executive Committee. STANLEY WILSON, Hon. Secretary. RECEIPTS AND EXPENDITURE.

The total amount of subscriptions received is as follows :

s. d. Local Subscriptions 1879 15 10 Subscriptions from other towns

Total The expenditure up to date in £2336 11. s Od. leaving a balance in hand of £2Ol Os. id. The cost per head is a fraction of a farthing over a penny per day. Your Committee have held 12 General Committee meetings and 35 executive meetings. The Mayor proposed and the Rev. E. C. E. Carleton seconded that the report be adopted. LADIES' COMMITTEE REPORT.

Mr. Wilson also read from the Mayoress, the follow- Ariz short report of the work done by the Ladies Committee, formed in cennection with the Executive Committee for the relief of those thrown out of work in Warrington, during the late coal dispute. By the request of the members of the Execu- tive .Comraittee, a committee of ladios was formed shortly after the commencement of the relief work, to visit and inquire into those cases of illness and want, which required more assistance than it was possible to give in the different soup kitchens. The work of the ladies so willingly undertaken,has been no light task,and ' when it is understood that upwards of 320 cases have been visited more than once '1 by one or other of the ladies, it will be seen that their work, in addition to attendance in the soup kiichen each morning, has been most arduous. The cases visited were most of them too sadly evident of the deep poverty into which the people of Warring- ton have been plunged of late, through no fault of their own. Homes, which by great trouble have in ordinary time 3 been kept in comfort, were now found destitute, almost everything having been by degrees parted with. There were cases of illness, with no means of procuring either fire or lights, no bedelothing, and simply no means of existence, excepting by the bread and soup received daily. To cases such as these, after a personal visit, orders had been given for coal tickets, beef tea, gruel, tea and sugar, and hot pots if possible, also for a large namber of milk tickets, these last being abm- lutely necessary to keep alive children, who were found almost dying for want of noiarishment. The amount paid by the Executive Committee for relief given by the Ladies' Committee amounts to £66 is. 6d. The articles of clothing sent by friends in the neighbourhood, and also in response to a letter inserted in the London, Liverpool and Manchester papers, have been found in- valuable, as in nearly all cases visited by the ladies, any article of wearing apparel vu urgently required. The Ladies' Committee have still many cases requiring help now, and for some weeks to come, and think it would be best for their committee to continue working until Christmas, by which time they hoped prospects would be brighter and homes once more fairly comfort- able.

Mr. F. Monks moved and Mr. Smethurst seconded that the report be adopted. Caption Ede!sten moved a vote of thanks to the Ladies Committee, and that they be requested ta con- tinue their labours until a meeting of the subscribers was held on Sffills future date to be selected by the exe- cutive committee. He thought that when tho simple fact that 320 cases had been relieved from extreme sick- ness was mentioned,it was sufficient to show the amount of labour the ladies bad undertaken. The vote was seconded and carried, and the Mayor on behalf of the Mayoress replied. Mr.J.W.Hayward moved a vote of thanks to the Mayor and Corporation for the use of their rooms during the past thirteen week.—The Rev. J. Yonge seconded and the motion was carried. Mr. F. Monks moved, and Mr. .1. Fairclough seconded a vote of thanks to the various committees for their ser- vices in the distribution of relief.—Carried. The Mayor moved that the executive committee be requested to continue in office nail it was considered necessary to convene a meeting of subscribers who wculd decide SS to the disposal of the halanze which would be left of the fund.—The Rer. Father Wray se- conded.—Mr. Monks said that he thought he might, on behalf of the committee, accede to the proposal which would 'remove one or two difficulties. There WAS always a difficulty in disposing of the balance of money left over. It would, therefore, be left to the committee to convene a meeting ofthe subscribers, who would decide themse'ves as to what should be done with it. They had handed £25 to the Mayor so that they had been able to repay the £9 with which they had started the fund with interest. The executive committee had also paid all claim' which they Imd incurred, and he was very thank- ful to the outside subscribers who had enabled them to do so.

.... . .. The Rev. E. C. E. Carleton moved a vote of thanks to the Executive Committee for the excellent way in which they had diseharged their duties.—The Rev. F.Slater seconded .—Carried. Mr.T.ltcron maid that he hal been requested to reed a I I resolution which had been pissed by theworkmen at Bank ! Quay. thanking the ladies and gentlemen who had given their servieen in the work of relief at the Bank Quay \ Bonn kite'!en.—The Mayor expretsed his obligation to , those who had paFsed the resolution. 1 Mr. F. Multi in reply to the vote of thank,: t• the 1 Executive Committee, thanked the General Committee ; for their vote, and said that he thought they most all ! recognise thc great value the services of the secretary, •

Mr. S. Wilson had been to the Committee. He had relieved them of a grest amount of work by his energy and good sense. He (Mr, Monks) personally tendered to him the thanks of tie Executive Committee for the very able way in which he had done his duties. He hoped that they would give expression to their thanks in a siihstantial form. He understood that Mr. Wilson was intending, by and by, to take to himself a wife, (laughter) which was a proper thing to do. The Execu- tive Committee thought that it would be a very fitting opportunity for expressing their appreciation of the work he had done by making him some sort of present. The Rev. E. C. E. Carleton proposed that the execu- tive Committee be empowered to give some sort of pre- sent to Mr. Wilson.—The Rev. J. Yonge in seconding said that Mr. Wilson had none hls arduaus duties in a manner which won the admiration of all who were on the committee.—The motion was carried unanimously. Mr. F. Monks proposed a vote of thanks to the Mayor for the way in which he had acted towards them. the Mavor was the proper person to initiate any steps such as the one, for relief of the distressed. The Mayor had not gnlv given his personal services as treasurer, but he had also placed at the disposal of the committee, the Council Chamber.—The Rector seconded the proposition which WAS carried.—The Mayor in reply said that so maly kind things had been said about him lately that it was making him quite proud. But he was extremely obliged to them. It would give him great pleasure togive the room for any unpolitical and non-sectarian meeting whenever possible.--The proceedings then terminated.

PRIMROSE LEAGUE CONCERT. A concert organized by members of the Warrington Habitation of the Primrose League, was given in aid of the distress fund at the Conservative Club on Monday evening. During the first part of the concert, Mr. Robert Pierpoint, M.P., presided, and apologized for the absence of the Mayor owing to indisw•sition. A miscel- laneous programme was submitted by the following The Cantor Quartet, Miss G. Perry, Mr. W. S. Howard, Mr. Josef Cantor, Mr. T. Ward, Mr. T. Barlow, Mr. Fred Owens, Miss Pickton, and Mr. A. Grounds. The accompanists were Miss Grounds, Mr. Cantor, and Mr. Frank Booth.

SANKEY BRIDGES. On S4turday night a tree tea was given to 140 men at the Stnkey Bridges Wesleyan Chapel, and afterwards a free ent.,rtainment was given. Mr. Thomson, of the Mersey White Lead Works, occupied the chair, and ex- pressed his pleasure that the dispute between coalowners ,Lnd miners had been settled. Ile hoped that the distress occasioned thereby would be a lesson to everyone to give up drinking, gambling, &c., and to put something tiy for such times. An interesting programme was next rendered as follows :—" Village chorister," glee party ; recitation, " No. 3," Mr. Whitfield ; song, "Hearts and home," Miss A Morrell ; song, "The sexton," Mr. Cotter. all ; recitation, " How to cure a drunken husband," Mr. Whitfield ; round, "A little farm well tilled," Messrs. T. Brough, T. L. George, and A. Foden ; song, "Lost song." Miss A. NI, wren ; recitation. Mr. Kerdron ; " Johnny Smoker," glee party ; speech, Mr. Princep ; song, "There are kind hearts eve:y where " Mr. Cotterall. During the entertainment Mr. Whittaker exhibited some of his won- derful performances on the concertina. At times he would make it imitate the various fowls in the farm yard, and also larks,thrushes, &c., and on being encored he imitated the various wok bells of the town. He went through the aim of the " Bohemian Girl" opera, and also played acork solo which caused great amusement. At the cl,se of the meeting a vote of thanks to the chair- man and artistes was proposed by Mr. S. Blythe. 5-- conded by Mr. C. Pritchard.—On Tuesday evening 400 children were supplied with free teas. During the week the following donations have been received :-13a. 9d. and a bundle of clothes from Mr. Johnson. of Padgate ; Ll is. from other Padgate friends ; £1 from Miss B. Dut- ton ; and £2 from Penketh friends. The free meals which have been given since the beginning of September have now been discontinued, owing to the recommence- ment of work. A great deal of credit is due to the ladies who have attended so regularly at the school engaged in cutting up for the teas. It is intended to keep on the Saturday evening entertainments at a charge of a penny for admission.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL.

BUSINESS OF THE NEXT MEE FING.

A meeting of the %Varrington Town Council will be held on Tuesday next in the Council Chamber, at six o'clock, when the following matters will be submitted by the different committees.

STAGE PLAYS. The Watch Committee recommended the following resolutions," That the following members be appointed a sub-Committee to inspect and report upon all places licensed for the performance of stage plays :—Alderman Francomb, Councillors Cannel' (convener),and Heaton." " That the license granted to Mr. Sylvanus Reynolds, for the performance. of statTe plays in a certain building called the Christ Chu ch Parish Room, be renewed for 12 months from this date."

===== 0002601_18931202_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW BUILDINGS.

The Street Improvrment Committee recommended that the plans ot the following buildings, &c., be ap- approved :—Ninetren houses in new street off Folly-lane, for Mr. Charles Longsliaw ; new Wesleyan Chapel, Latchford.

HOCKING OF TUN WORKING CLASSES. The following recommendation is made by the Health Committee : " That the Chairman, Deputy-chairman, Alderman Illackhurst, and Counciller' Shaw and Wilkinson, be appointed a Sub-Comminee for the pur- poses of the Housing of the Working, Classes Act." CROSSINGS FOR HOWLEY-LANR. The Paving and Sewerage Committee recommend : "That permission be given to Mr. R. A. Naylor to con- struct two crossings over Howley-lane, subject to the payment of £5 per annum for each crossing, and to the terms of an agreement to be prepared by the Town Clerk." SCHOOL ATTENDANCE. The following is the report of the School Attendance Committee : " Report of the Inspector, from which it appeared that 8 cases had been taken before the magis- trates, and fines inflicted in all cases. 14 casos were brought before the C mmittee and dealt with. The average attendance at the Public Elementary Schools during the month of September was 8,912, September, 1892, 8,281 ; increase, 631; for October, 9,097, October, 1892, 8,101 ; increase, 996." MUSEUM, LIBRARY, &C COMMITTEE. This Committee reports the following gilts, for which the thanks of the Committee were ordered to be sent to the donors :—" Study in Anatomy" (Owens College), vol. 1., from Professor A H. Young, F.R.O S. ; " Jour- nal of George Fox." 2 vols., from the Friends' Tract As- sociation, Manchester; " The Bibliographer," 6 vols., " Historical MSS. Commission," 3 parts, Medallion Por- trait of William Wilson. tice . from Mr. It. Pierpoint M.P. ; " History of the Rryal Society," by Sprat', from Mr. Jonathan Taylor : Two Iron Oil Lamps from Storm- ness, Orkney, from Mr. George Ellison ; Shoe Buckle, silver-plated, from Mr. H. Harper ; Fragment of Ancient British Burial Urn, found at Wilderspool, from Mr. Jones ; specimen mi oak timber, from Ship Canal Cut- ting, Thelwall, from Mr. W. Mounfivld ; glass bottle, painted, with flowers. Ste., from Mr. John Peers. THE CEMETERY. The Cemetery Committee's minutes contain the fol- lowing report of the Registrar. The interment, for the past five weeks were —adults, 37; minors, 59: stillborn and premature, 16. Corresponding period last year— adults, 81; minors, 63; stillborn and premature, 18, I The receipts for the past five weeks were £74 9s. 6d. Corresponding period last year, £97 6s. 6d. TH2 MATHS. From the report of the bath keeper to the Town MB, Park and Baths Committee, it appeared that the Income frnm the baths for the past three weeks was £3 15s. 6,1.. and for the corresponding period last year £2 164. The following report of the Baths sub-Corninittee was approved, and is recommended for adoption Your Committee after inquiries as to the various duties, etc., of the servants of the Corporation engaged at the baths, and after a thorough inspection of the premises, beg to make the following recommendation :- 1. That the first class plunge bath be closed from Ist IDecember to Ist March, Rod that the ladies bath be used in lieu thereof. 2. That the boiler man's services be dispensed with during the above period, and that the manager perform all duties in connection with the boilers. 3. That the laundress be engaged for four days in the week, and that Mrs. Barlow assist in the laundry, etc. Your Committee areof opinion that if the above recommendations are carried nut, a considerable saying will be effected. (Signed) William Bolton,James Muir, James Hill." THE TOWN HALL WALT.. The Town Hall, Park, and Baths Committee recom- mend that the wall in front of the Town Hall and the Recreation Ground be taken down and set back to make Sankey-street 60 feet in width. THU GAS. TherGaS Committee state that the average illuminating power of the gss for the past four weeks was equal to : 18.56 candles at both works. THE SHIP CANAL. The Town Clerk reported to the Rivers Committee that he had submitted to the Manchester Ship Canal Company an agreement embodying the terms proposed by the Corporation tot the carrying out of the works at or near Warrington. FIRE ENGINE COMMITTEE. This committee recommends that the attention of the Health Committee be directed to the necessity at con- tinuing the water mains into the grounds adjoining the hospital for infectious diseases for fire extinguishing purposes. THE WATER worms. Ihe Water Committee recommends that Mr. Ross re- port to the next meeting of the Sub-Committee as to the position and duties of the men in the employ of this de- partment. TENNERS. The following tenders are recommended for accep- tance by the respective committeea.—Pavine and sewer- age : Wm. Chandley and Co.. for 300 tons of sets at 235. err ton, delivered at Warrington ; Warrington Slate Coo Ltd., 300 tons of sets at 225. 6d. per ton ; Clare and Ridgway, 400 tons of sets at 219. 9d. per ton ; Arm. Chard,Py and Co., for 100 tons of cement at 335. 93. per ton; Clare and Itirlowsy, for 100 tons of cement at 335, 91. per ton. Water C ammittce :1.000 yards of 3m. pipes from the Stanton iron Company, at £4 10s. per ton

'404 ir-,:l'r,‘t*J3tift

.<

===== 0002601_18931202_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND SEEN

AT WARRINGTON.

It appears to be somewhat of a disparagement to be a teetotaller in the eyes of the dominant tiarty in Warrington to judge from the remarks of Coon— cillorShaw Green at a meeting during the present week. It seems to be all very well to put me* interested in the drink traffic upon the Watch Com- mittee, as has been the case in Warrington,although they, of necessity, have a pers,mal interest in the , work of that Committee, but when Councillor Shaw Green proposed a certain person to be placed ott that Committee the nomination was at once objected to because the person was " a teetotaller." This is siraply scandalous. We shall next hear of Coun- cillors being objected to as members of the Health Committee oecsuee they are sanitarians: or as mem- bers of the Gas Committee because they hold the opinion that we should have better and cheaper gas. In tact if this policy be continued the one qualification for a seat on any committee will be that you should hate an "axe to grind."

It is amusing to note the difference of opinion existing in certain quarters, as to the estimation of the damage done to the Manchester Ship Canal dur- ing the recent flood. The Liverpo )1 papers were loud in their reports as to the alarming destruction caused to the canal, coupling with it the gloomy foreboding that tne canal would not be open" in time." the Manchester papers on the othbr hand were quite re-assuring that the destruction was not very serious, and that the canal opening would not be delayed. It now remains to be seen which of the reports were right. There can be no denying the fact that the canal has suffered to some con- siderable extent, more especially at the banks, which will not be repaired for some time to come, but it is expected that it will not hinder the open- ing for traffic on the day appointed.

One of the most serious effects of the flood to the inhabitants of Walton and surrounding townships, is, that it has deprived them of the use of the tem- porary wooden structure in place of Tom Paine's Bridge, which was so damaged as to render its demolition necessary. The result is that persons coining to Warrington, and vice vrrs.7,are compelled to go round by Stockton Heath. This is owing to the new road proceeding from the Stag Inn, along the river diversion to River-road, not being corn- pleted.Now,th ere is an agreement between the Canal Company and the Cheshire County Council and the Daresbury Highway Board, as to the completion of this road. It is to the effect that the road must be ready for use within six weeks after the demolition of the temporary bridge, under a heavy penalty. As it is very unlikely now that the new road wilt be completed within six weeks from last Saturday, it will be interesting to note whether the fine will be enforced.

The business at the Police Courts is at the present i time very slack, and f you ask for an explanation you will be reminded that Christmas is drawing near, and that the donors to the police court till,are husbanding their resources for the purpose of duly celebrating that auspicious season. Then there will be the usual " bust up," and the business at the Police Courts will go merrily along at perhaps a more accelerated speed than usual.

The influenza fiend is commencing its havoc in Warrington, and as usual it is striking at some of the more prominent residents of the town, The Rev. Owen Watkins has had to cancel all engagements during the week, owing to a very severe attack. By the way, the Wesleyan ministers- are rather unfortunate just at present, for it is only a few weeks ago since the Rev. J. Kirtlan was suddenly struck down with illness, and he has scarcely taken up his work again before his colleague Mr. Watkins is on the sick list. Another victim to the influenza is the Rev. J. W. Varley, who was unable to be pre- sent at the annual meeting of the Social Questions Union on Monday night in consequence. It, is to be devoutly hoped that the enidemic will go no fur- ther, and that the victims at present prostrated by it will very quickly be at their posts of duty again.

The Rev. Cmoir Caine, of London, gave a very en- tertaining and instructive lecture on the North Sea at the Bold-st. Wesleyan schoolroom on Monday night. He rather surprised his hearers by the awful dangers the fishermen had to meet, the collier's lot being in fact much preferable to the fishermen's life. The lecturer was not altogether unknown in Warrington. He has not been so very long in the ministry, and many can remember him when he was a student at Didsbury College, near Manchester. During that period, be occupied the pulpits of the various Wesleyan chapels in the Warrington circuit, and was a very acceptable preacher. His rather unusual Christian, or rather Homan, name was also an aid to the memory of his hearers. HE is at present actively engaged in mis- sion work among the North Sea fishermen, and he has been very successful in that work. His popu- larity with the fishermen will no doubt be largely increased by his taking his share in some of their usual avocations.much as pulling in the nets, sorting the fishes, &c. He enjoys his work immensely, and he has a very high opinion of the fishermen.

A correspondent writes :—By the way, Mr. Editor, it seems sometimes to me,that the Warring- ton Town Council delight to paqi resolutions, and express strong ideas upon certain subjects, for no other purpose than to amuse themselves. Unless it is, as an overworked scribe said, " to hear them- selves talk." At any tate I remember about twelve months ago, or more, the question of allowing cattle fairs to be continued in Winwick-st., was discussed by the " civic fathers." A numser of speeches were made condemning the custom, and a resolution was formed suggesting that some other and more suitable place should be‘provided for the fairs. But on Wednesday and Thursday. one of our most thronged thoroughfares in con rendered pregni eel), dangerous to pedestrians n con sequence of their having to pick their way through an almost impassible crowd of restless cattle. MERLIN.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEKLY REPORT ON THE IIEALTLI OF WARRINGTON

During the w;eir-,- Which was the .17th of the current year, the following births and deaths were registered :—Births : Warrington, 40 ; Latchford. 0; total,4o. Deaths : Warrington,l2 ; Latchford, 3 ; totalls. The excess of births over deaths was 25. The death-rate from all causes was equal to 14.1 per 1.000, against 20.2 the average of the previous four and againet 168 the corresponding week of ra;ekt;'ear. The death-rate from the seven chief gvmotic diseases was equal to 2.8 per 1.000, against 3.9 the average rate of the four previous weeks, and Against 4'3 the corresponding week of 1892. The ages of mortality were :-0 to 1, 4 ; • to 5, 3 ; sto 15, 0 ; 15 to 2,5, 1 ; 25 to 60, 5 ;60 up 2; total, 15. The deaths included 2 from enteric fever ; I from influenza:l from diphtheria: 1 from phthists; 1 from child birth ; 1 from old age ;4 from lung disease.. The following cases of • infectious disease have been reported during the week :—scarlet. fever, 3; diphtheria, 1; enteric fever, 1. Illtrzonotoox.—The mean temperature was 42 Fah., and therefore 3 degs. higher than the preceding week. The maximum temperature 50 F.,was recorded on the 25th inst., and the minimum temperature 33 F., on the 27th inst. The rainfall measured .50 inch. The general direction was W.. the reading of the Anemometer denoting 1.050 . miles.—Jol H. Goatia.LL. Medical Officer of Health.

PRESENTATION TO FOOTBALLERS.

An interesting event to local footballers- occurred at the' Norton Arms Hotel on Monday evening. At the Football Club Committee meeting, Mr. John Evans, the chairman, called upon Mr. Henry Ashton to make a presentation to Messrs. Speakman and Povev, two of the eldest football players of the club who have now retired. The presentations consisted ot two handsome marble timepieces. Mr. Ashton spoke of the long and valuable services of Messrs.. Speakman and Povey to the club, and asked their acceptance of the gifts. The recipients suitably replied.

LAMPS. —J. S. GART.AND, Iroornongor, Warrington and Earleatown.

FATAL ACCIDRST TO A GIRL. A girt named Mery Shakeshaft,aged eight,daturb- aer of John Shakoshaft, tanner, residing at 34, Napier-st.,died at the Warrington Infirmary yester- day afternoon, from injuries received by falling down in Nlersey-st. It appears that on Thursday night the decea,ed was sent for some beer with a jug, and on returning, she fell, and was severely cut under the right arm by the broken jug. She was. conveyed home, and Dr. Joseph was at once sent for, and on his arrival, seeing the critical state the deceased was in, he took her in his carriage to the Inflmary. the was suffering from a deep gash- RR, der the right, aiin, aud died from lose ot blood..

.

THE COMMON LOT.

However differently situated as regards social posi- tion or separated as rega.ids location, it is the common lot of all sorts and conditions of men to be liable to various ailments and diseases. All men under these circumstances are, to a certain extent, placed on the same footing. "A fellow-feeling makes us wondrous kind," and nothing interests a sick man more than to hear the experience of others who have suffered from the same complaint as himself. Now, though the names of vari- ous forms of disease are legion, in this country people are subject, more or less, to one of the following form of ailment. 1. Disease of the Digestive organs, such as Indigestion, Flatulence, Headaches, Dyspepsia, Heartburn, Drowsiness, Palpitation, Pm. 2. Diseases of Liver, such as Billiousness, Jaundice, Depressed Spirits, Impure Blood, Melanoholy, Pm. 3. Nervous Diseases, such as Fainting Fits, Neuralgia, Despondency, Nervousness, Nerve Pains, general Weakness, Pic. 4. Diseases ot the Respiratory Organs, such as Com- mon Colds, Asthma, Bronchitis, Spitting of Blood. Shortness of Breath, Pm. Strictly speaking, all these ailments have a common brigin. Clergymen, prcfessional men, merchants, and others not inured to hardships, are especially liable to attacks, and we cannot give such better advice than to have recourse at once to a course of Gwityx Ewes' QUININE Birrens. This excellent tinic remedy is absolutely unrivalled and the universal testimony of all who have given it a fair trial is, that, for those who suffer from any form of disease which tends to weaken the bodily powers in any degree, the best possible thing is to take a crurse of GWILTM Evaes' QUININE Birrsas. ItZir Loox Our Fon COUNTERFEITS.—As " Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters" have become so popular, and has gained so great a reputation as a specific for the above disorders, numerous imitations of it are being substituted and offered t the public. Every purchaser should see that the name " Gwilyin Evans' is on label, stamp, and bottle. Sold by all chemists, and Patent Medicine Vendors in 1.5.. lid., 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. bottles, or free by parcels pdet for the above prices direct from the Proprietors. QVININH BITTERS MANUFACTURING COMPANY. LIMITED, LIANELLY, SOUTE WALES. American Depot—Mr. R. D. Williams, Plymouth, Pa.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

Taß CARRIAGN COMPANY AND Taints HORSES. At the Warrington Borough Court, yesterday, before Alderman Wright (chairman) and Mr. J. 11. Fleming, Richard Gurney,'bus driver for the Warrington Carriage Company. was charged with cruelty to a mare be' work- ing it while in an unfit condition on November 18. Mr. A. Browne appeared to defend in this case and in the next ease, and pleaded not guilty. Inspector Luff, R.S.P.C.A. said that at about 11 o'clock on the 11th November he was at Market Gate, and saw the defend- ant driving a grey mare,attached to a 'bus coming along Sankey-street. The mare was very lame on the near foreleg. On being stopped at the corner of Buttermarket street, defendant said that he was going to change it at the bottom of the street. Witness followed, and when the mare was taken out of the 'bus, he examined it. Be found the pssiorn very hot and tender and sUghtly en- larged. The mare kept lifting her foot off the ground in great pain. He saw the mare the previous day and she was then very lame. On the foot there was a slight corn. —Cross-examined,witness said that he told the manager Mr. Kenrick that the mare was suffering from ringboue. The horse did not flinch when the corn was tapped, but it did when the coronet was pressed.—P.C. HampsOn corroborated the last witness as to the state of the animal on the day in question.—J. Dixon, veterinary surgeon, said that he examined the mare and although he knocked the corn with the knob of a stick, the horse did not flinch, but immediately it was pressed on the coronet, it did so. Ile could not exactly give the cause of the animal's lameness.—Mr. ,Browne said that the mare had been in the company's service for nine years, and there had never been any complaint against it be- fore. It was 14 years of age, and he contended that no horse of that age could throw out ringbones. He did not deny that the horse walked lame on the day in ques- tion, but when it left the stable it was all right. It had a tremendous corn on its foot, and it must have become sore while on its journeys.—Thomas Kenrick, manager, said that the company never allowed their horses to go out lame. He was present when the mare in question went out, and it was all right then. When it came in again it was suffering from pain in the corn, owing to the shoes being rather thin, but, he denied that there was any rinebone.—John Massey, the horse keeper, said that the horse had suffered from a slight lameness on the day previous to the alleged offence, but he had poulticed the foot during the night, and it was all well next morning.—John Robinson, William Clare, and Joseph Taylor, each gave evidence for the defence.—The magistrates considered that the case was not a very serious one, but they were satisfied that the mare was worked when it was lame and inflicted a penalty of Ws. and costs, and allowed the veterinary surgeon's fee.— James Kenrick, the manager of the Carriage Comyany, and John Massey, the horse keeper, were each charged with causing the mare ccmplained of in the last case, to beworked.—Mr. Brcwne objected to the summer's on the ground that each person should have been separ- ately summoned.—The Clerk said that the summons could be amended by striking one oi the defendants names off.—lnspector Luff hereupon agreed upon strik- ing klassey's name out. ,The inspector in his evidence said that when the mare was taken to the stable, he went to Mr. Kenrick, and upon examining the mare de- fendant said that he must confess that one leg was hotter than the,other.—Mr. Browne said that there was no other evidence whatever that the mare was lame when it left the stables in the morning, and that there- fore there could be no case against the defendant.—The magistrates dismissed the case.

Mrs. Smith said she couldn't rrilnage the defendant when he got drunk. He had cut her beds up and broken the paraffin lamp. Defendant was fined 10s. and costs, or 14 days. FRIDAY.--Before Alderman Wright (chairman) and Mr. J. H. Fleming. MAINTENANCE ORDER..--"Che Warrington Guardians, represented by Mr. B. Shearer, applied for a mainten- ance order of 4s. a week from Thomas Higgins, 18 Stephen-st., to his wife Elizabeth Iliggins.—Mr. A. Browne defended.—Mr. Shearer said that an order was male by the Guardians on October 16, but Higgins had refused to pay ansthing. The wile had not lived with him for over three years and during the greater portion of that time he had not contributed anything towards her maintenance and she had to be kept by her daughter. —The defendant's wife and step-daughter each gave evidence for the application.---" Che defence was that defendant's wife had left him and refused to come back to him. It was also alleged that she was of very drunken ' habits.--1 he Bench ordered the defendant to pay the 4s. ' a week which was applied for. i --- DARESBURY PETTY SESSIONS. TGESDAY,—Before Mr. W. Long (chairman), and Mr. H. - Talbot. ... .. ... ._.. ..

DRUNK AND DISOHDERLY.—George Cotterill, Stretton, for this offence at Stretton, on the 28th ult., was fined Ss. including costs. A SLEEPY DRivEn.—WilliAm 13 inks, Northwich, was charged with having on the 17th November, at Appleton been asleep whilst in charge of a furniture van and horses. Defendant pleaded guilty. He was fined ss. including costs. Assantx.--Samuel William Thompson, was charged with unlawfully assaulting Sarah Thompson, his mother at Appleton, on the 28 h October. The evidence of the complainant showed that the defendant sent her to the Saracen's Head Hotel for some beer. She was delayed at the hotel,and the defendant came to see her,and used very bad language.. On the way home he beat her. Mrs. Porter, Warrington, deposed that the complainant came to her house the same night suffering from the assanit. Defendant was bound over to keep the peace for six months in a surety of £lO. I THEFT BY A SHIP CANAL STORESEEPEEL—John Jones, , who had been in the employ of Mr. Jackson, as store- keeper on the Acton Grange section of the Manchester Ship Canal,was charged with having on the Bth Nov., at ' Acton Grange section, stolen 2311b5. of brass, value £3 175., the property of John Jackson. Prisoner pleaded guilty.—The magistrates committed the prisoner to jail for two months with hard labour.

NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS. SATETRDAY.—Before Messrs. T. G. Gillespie (chairman), It. Stone. T. D. Griml4 Drayton, J. L. Wood, A. C. McCorquodale and T. U. Pearscn. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—For shouting and bawling and also for being drunk in Go!borne on Nov. 11, Patrick Glynn was fined ss. TRANSFERS OF LICENSAS.—The following transfers of licenses were granted :—The "Masonic Arms," Newton. from James Blundell, deceased, to Margaret Blundell ; the" Pied Bull," Newton, from Mary Sinspkin to Wm. Dorman ; an off-license in Cuerdley from Joseph Hump- hries, deceased, to Elizabeth Humphries.

MYSTERIOUS DEATH OF A BOLD FARMER, THE INQUEST. The adjourned inquiry into th 3 circumstances attending the death of Thomas Whitfield, Union Bank Farm, Warrington-road, Bold, was held on Tuesday, at the Horns Inn, near Farnworth, before. Mr. S. Brighouse, county coroner. Mr. J. 0. Swift (St. Helens) appeared for Mrs. Whitfield, and In- , spector Pattinson represented the police. The Coroner, in openine; the proceedings, said that last Friday the inquiry was adjourned in order that Dr. O'Neill might make a post mortem examination. The best course would he to call the doctor first, and if he was of opinion that death was from natural causes, there was no need to carry the inquiry further. But if in his opinion death was due to violence, they would have to consider how that violence came about. Dr. O'Neill deposed that he made a post triorteas on the 24th. Externally on the head he found two wounds behind and above the right Par. The higher one was 11 inches long, and the other half an inch. The lower wound had quite healed, and the upper one very nearly so. He next examined internally, and on taking the scalp off he found nothing on the skull. He also removed the skull cap, but found nothing relating to the external wounds. The brain itself outwardly appeared normal to look at, but on the right hemisphere he found a large clot of blood, apparently of recent lodgment. When he found that he was quite satisfied that that- was sufficient of itself to cause death.—The Coroner: Could the clot come about in a natural way?— The Doctor: Oh, yes —The Ceroner : Can you say how it might have come about P—Or. O'Neilt . By an apoplec- tic stroke, or the bursting of a blood vessol.—The Cor- oner : Anything to notice about the other organs ?—Dr. O'Neill: Nothing. Deceased had not been a very healthy man. He came to the conclusion that death was due to apoplexy.—The Coroner: Were you assisted in the post- mortem by any medical man on behalf of Mrs. Whit- field ?—Dr. O'Neill: Yes, Dr. Jacksop.—Cross-examined by Mr. Swift: Witness said that two other doctors were in consultation with him when holding the post-mortem, and they entirely agreed with him. Deceased's heart . was such as indicated an apoplectic person. Dr. Jackson (St. Helens) stated that he was present at the post-mortem on behalf of Mrs. Whitfield. He entirely agreed with Dr. O'Neill's evidence, and had no doubt whatever but that death was due to apoplexy. This was all the evidence called, and in addressing the jury, the Coroner said there could be no doubt that when Mrs. Whitfield was stopped on the last occasion she was willing and desirous of telling that something had happened between her and her husband, but he , thought it would be wrong on his part to allow her to commit herself. Her willingness showed that she had nothing to conceal. If they were satisfied with the evidence of the doctors, they should say that death was due to natural causes, and that whatever Mrs. Whitfield had done it would not be taken into account so long as it had not caused the death of her husband. After two or three minutes' deliberation a verdict of death from natural causes was returned.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT. SATUNDAT.—Before Mr. John Burgess (chairman) and Mr. L. Voisey. THEFT OF MEAT.—John Wilson, living at the Old-ro.. Lodging-house, was charged with stealing 41bs. of meat, the property of Mr. Ellis, buteher, Mersey-st., on the 21st inst. The evidence showed that the prisoner took the me at from the window, and was followed, when he dropped the meat. D.S. Monaghan was informed, and be apprehended the prisoner. He was committed to prison for 14 days. MONDAY.—Before Mr. F. Monks (chairman), Alderman Harrison, Messrs. J. W. Hayward, and S Wright. DRUNK AND DISOEDERLT.—Margaret Killala, Town Hill ; Patrick Duff v, no address; and Winifred Da!ey, 6, Hind-st., were dealt with for this offence. ALLEGED WIFE ASSAULT.— James Hackney, 9, Dicken- son-st., was charged on a warrant with assaulting his wife Harriet Hackney, on February 51). Prisoner's wife said that she did not wish to give any evidence against her husband, and the the case was dismissed on payment of the costs. APPLICATION FOR IMPRISONMENT ORDRR.—The New Cutting Company. Bewsey-at.. represented by Mr. W.H. J.Jenkins,applied for an order for imprisonment against Bodelia Towey, L theoe's-lane, fustian cutter. Mr. Jenkins said that the application ;cal made under the Debtors' Act, 1869. An order had been made against defendant for neglecting her business as a fustian cutter, of Is and 4s. costs. She had paid nothing since the order had t:een made, although she had been working for several parsons since then. It was not intended to put the order tor imprisonment into force immediately, as defendant WAS ill, and had been in the ,Infirmary. He believed that if the order were granted the money would he paid. The application waS granted by the

Toad

magistrates. Maiovirr Tarrr. A respectably-dressed woman named Louisa Hinder, 5, Earl-st., WAS charged with stealing two pairs of girls' boots valued 13s , the pro- perty of Jaynes Barnwell, stallkeeper in the Market- place, on Saturday. The prisoner was seen to pick up several boots on the stall on /Saturday night, and at length walk off with two pairs. Halliwell followed her, upon which she dropped the boots. Halliwell picked up the boots and then caught the prisoner and gave her in charge of Deective Monaghan. She offered to pay s+. as part payment, but this offer was refusAcl,and she was taken to the Police Station. The magistrates inflicted a fine of 10. i. TIIESDAL—Before Mr. E. J. Guest (chairman), and Dr. T. Staikey Smith. Selma. CAsis.—Mr. G. Riley prosecuted in the follow- ing school cases ; Peter Aderott. tailor, Wat kin-street, fined 2,6 i. ; William Finch, confectioner, Pierpoint- stnet, 54. ; Patlick Healey, van man, Stanley-street, Ss. ; John Dixon. pain! er, Rodney-street, 5. ; Mary Ellen Bolden, lanndr,ss, Beswick-street, 2s. 811. ; John Stokes, forgeman, E:izay-th-atreer, 2s 6,1, WWDDIVADAY.—Eefore Mr. _John_Faie (lough (chairman),

and Mr. Jtlt Ged(!re.

A VIOLICNT 90;t7JM. ichael Smith, a young man, appeared in the box,with his face awll rriark,d with con- tutrions ta answer a charge of being driu.k and disorderly i in Winwu k-road, the previous day. P.C. Robinson said he was called to the house of the defendant's lather in Winwicli-road. He there found that the defendant had thrown the en cltery on the fhor, and cut open a frather bed, and ft .ck bed, the contents being strewn about the floor. The defendant was under the itulusure of drink at the time, and he fleeted him from the house. Soon afterwaids In In information received he found the defendant oar the Blue Coat School, using very abusive language to Constable Smith. Big face was covered with Wood, and he aas then very drunk. Constable Smith said he fund defendant kicking at the baok door of his father's huge, and be asked him to go away Isu belated very abusive language. Be WO very drank.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND DISTRICT TEACHERS'

ASSOCIATION.

The annual meeting of the members of this asso- ciation was held in Greenway-road Boys' School,on Saturday evening. The president, Mr. Jordan, occupied the chair, and there was a fair attendance. The treasurer, Miss Kilburn, J.F., submitted the balance sheet, which showed they had in hand .£4 19s. Btd. The document having been audited, it was adopted. Mr. Moulton.- the secretary, then read his report, which stated that the year commenced with a membership of 28, and now stood at 33. Reference was made to the death of Miss Mansell, who for 15 years was head-mistress of the National Girls' School, after which the work of the past year was reviewed. The subscrip- tions of the associaEion, handed in at the Liverpool Conference, to the benevolent and orphanage funds of the Union. amounted to £5 134. 7d. Thanks were accorded to the managers of the schools used by the association during the year, and to the teachers and friends who had helped to make the meetings a success. —The report was unanimously adopted.—The election of officers resulted as follows : —President, Mr. Cookson, Weston Point; vice-president, Mr. W. Epps, Weston; secretary, Mr. T. F. Moulton; assistant secretary. Mr. W. }Leman; treasurer, Miss Kilburn; committee, Messrs Jordan, E. W. Rosser, and G. S. Smith, Misses Clavden and Comerford.—ln accordance with notice of motion it was proposed and decided that the general meeting be held four times a year instead of bi-inonthly, namely in February, June, October and December, the latter to be the annual one.—On the motion of Mr. Jordan, seconded by Mr. Moulton a vote of thanks was accorded to the Runcorn School Board tor their kindness in allowing the use of the room. Votes of thanks to the officers for their services during the pa-t year concluded the business.

• THE SevcraL DESPATCH SYSTESS of Messrs. Duncan Sbort and Co., is an import oat feature, especially to country operators, who are thus kept advised of each and every variation which they are interested.

The honour of being the " oldest Odd fellow in the world "is claimed by Mr. John Ili 11, of 30, Trafalgar- st.,Derby, who, if he lives till Christmas, will have been a member of the Manchester Unity for 70 years. Born at Alfreton, February 28, 1803, he was initiated into the Prince Edwin Lodge at Chri4mas, 1823,and transferred to the Spring of Love Lod,.ze, Derby, in 1842.

The lato Baron KiMigswater was one of the most remarkable members of the Jewish community in Austria. Ills fortune is estimated at four millions, and his liberality was unbounded. Be gave away hundreds of thousands in larger schemes of charity, while his hall porter had always ten thousand florins in hand as small change for the relief of casual applicants.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
flll2' ffdhàjg 2'owdi.

- IA9R & COMFORT DURING THRTHING. Plennant, Coaling Aperient tor Children of all Avec Try them and prove their value for yourselvee. Sold everywhere in packets, le. lid. and 2a.9d., or poet free 14 or 34 stamps. J. PRITCHARD. CHBMIST, CHBADLB, NABCHEBTBB OattMaitre Rahn,

===== 0002601_18931202_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1893.

LIVERPOOL JUNIOR LEAGUE MATCH. RUNCORN A TWIL V. Sr. ANNE'S PARISH CHURCH.— This match was played on the Forest-road ground, Birkenhead, on Saturday, in wretched weather, rain falling heavily throughout the game. More than usual interest was aroused in the encounter, St. Anne's hav- ing only lost one match in the competition, whilst Run- corn have won all their engagements. The homesters had got together their strongest available team, but Runcorn was short of Butterworth at back, and T. Robinson, three-quarter back. There was a good crowd present when the following players took up their posi• tions :—Runcorn : Lightfoot, full-back ; Myers, Nick- son and W. Gayter, throe-quarter backs; G. Robinson and Hollingsworth, half-backs ; Antrobus, W. Evans,F. Gayter, Welbe, Pendlebury, Meores, Clark, Shaw, and ' Fowler, forwards. St. Anne's : Deakin, full back ;E. I Davies, Weaver, and Beecham, three-quarter backs ; Reyes and Scott,half-backs ; Harris,Basnett, rvlcG )wan, 1 Sherlock, Watts, It. Davies, Blythe, Smith, and Titting- ton, forwards. Harris started. on behalf of the Parish, and a good return was made, play eventually settling at midfield. McGowan and Watts headed a combined rush, and LightfoLt had his kick charged, which almost let the homesters in. Runcorn were hard pressed until some excellent footwork by the forwards changed the venue to more neutral territory. Here Robinson got off cleverly, and a passing movement between the Run- corn backs caused play to be located close to the home lines. From a scrimmage, Hollingsworth passed out to Robinson who gave to Nickson, and the latter threw to W. Uayter, who lost a fine opening by running into the thick Of his opponents. However, the pressure was kept up, and from a forward rush W. Evans succeeded "in scoring, but the kick was not Improved. Following thedrop out the game was hotly cor.tested, both teams showing excellent form. Nothing further was scored up to half time, Antrobus restarted, and quick following up by the Runcorn forwards prevented Deakin from returning. Myers cleverly intercepted a pass intended for Davies, but unfortunately lost possession when he had the line at his mercy. _ Heyes and Scott with some tricky passing gave relief to their side, and Weaver fur- ther improved by an excellent run and kick, which caused the League champions to defend. Myers raised the siege with a superb effort, as upon Weaver screwing ' a kick across the ground intended for Davies, Myers dashed up, and gathering the oval, made a brilliant run dodging man after man, until some ten yards from the line he passed to Hollingsworth, who got over near the corner flag. On appeal the try was disallowed, owing to the latter having been in touch. This seemed somewhat to disconcert the Runcornians, as a mistake by their backs let in E. Davies, who punted over Lightfoot, and Heyes smartly following up completing the try, Harris failing to improve. A hard fought and well-contested game ended in a draw. ST. SHUNS V. SWINTON.—PIayed at Swinton before a big crowd, and in a perfect downpour. St. Helens lost toss, and Cross started. For a considerable time play was even. Then the Swinton forwards got near the visitor's lines, but Doherty, picking up, splendidly relieved to half way. The Saints' backs played a grand game, and gave the homesters a lot of trouble. The Swinton men got away with a dribble, and forced a minor, but the visitors could not be kept at bay, and Doherty, playing finely, took the ball to the home lines, and St.lielens pressed hard. After some desultory play, Cross got away, and, fairly tricking the Swinton backs, got in a tine run to t e 25 line, and from the succeeding scrimmage Brownbill dribbled well, and Traynor pick- ing up, ran in near touch, Cross failing at goal. Half- time arrived with the score: St. Helens 1 try, Swinton nil. Ia the second half Swinton reversed the irder and did most of the pressing. Jones and Brockbank each got over. Final result :--Swinten 2 tries, St. Helens, 1

try. STOCKTON lIRATH V. WARRINGTON RANOERS.—PIayed on the Rangers' ground in a heavy downpour of rain. The Rangers kicked off. Play settled in the Stockton Heath 25. Broady secured from a scrimmage, and put lin a very strong run across the field, but was well tackled oy Hamlett, who was playing a very safe game. From the scrimmage which resulted, Smith secured, and dodging the opposing half backs, passed across the field to Barber, who secured a brilliant try, Glover failing at the place kick. Both sides were penalized for off side play. On turning round both sides played with deter- mination. Gregory broke away with a capital dribble. Crass punted to Hamlett, who missed the ball, and Bur- rows, following up, scored the second try for the Heathens. Glover converting. After this.play was more eves for a time, until Smith secured, and ran well and then passed to Barber, who again scored a grand try, Glover failing. at the place. This brought about time. leaving Stockton Heath victors by one goal, two tries to

===== 0002601_18931202_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL,

Secretaries of Football Clubs are requested to note that reports of matches played on Saturday must be sent to the head office, Bewsey-street. Warrington, not later than ten o'clock on Wednesday morning.

GBORGB G. BUSSBY and Co. are leading makers of Footballs, Hockey, Golf, end requisites for Sports. Games, and Gymnasia. Catalogue may be had on application to the Sports Manufactory, Peckham, London, S.B BEST +eat. BRAND.

RUGBY. WARRINGTON. V. MOSELEY. Saturday was an occasion upon which the public's loyalty to the game was tested. Because as everyone who was out of doors will be aware, there was a bitterly cold wind blowing, and heavy showers of rain falling, all the afternoon. Still the test showed up favourably, for quite the ordinary" gate" braved the obduracy of the elements, and, to put it classically " repaired to the Shrine of Apollo." In other words they repaired to the Causeway ground, and gratified their affection for the "leather propelling art." The visitors are old friends of the home team, but they have not paid them a visit— before Saturday—for four years. At that time they certainly merited the description of being a vigorous combination. Advancing years have not" laid stiffen- fling hands upon the limbs" of the Birmingham men,how- ' ever. Indeed the ancient saying appeared to have been reversed, for it was the opinion of all that Moseley were "smart " and very vigorous. As a matter of fact the merry manner in which they romped about the arena be- came at times highly amusing to the spectators and a little harrassing to the home forces. The gante was en- tirely a forward one, except at such times when at- tempts were made at scoring, and then it was like the farmer who took to drinking claret, "it didn't get any forrader." . During the whole game, both teams had the distinction of scoring nothing. Warrington's ranks had been weakened. The two Bates were both away, with Jolley, at the county match, and other players were away upholding the prestige of their county team by taking their cheers to Bradford. Boscow, however, re- turned to his old post much to the gratification of his admiiers. The following are the teams who responded to the whistle, and assembled on the green and slippery sward : Warrington : Boscow, back ; Carey, Heesom, Law- less, and Potts, three-quarters; Evans (captain) and Clark. half backs ; Fair. Turner, Randles, Berry, Dona- hue, Bailey, Taylor, Hampson, and Thorniley, forwards. Moseley : J. F.Byrne, back ; Patterson, A. E. Rogers, and Frank Bryne, three-quarters; Payne and Cattell, halt backs ;J. H. Rogers Marston, Stevens, Lycett, Bird, Elsworth, Rossiter, Dawes, and Pointuey. Warrington winning the toss, commenced by attacking the railway goal. The doughty men from Moseley commenced by making a vigorous rush upon Warrington territory, but some smart passing by Evans, Boscow, and Carey, soon returned play to a central position. From a free kick awarded Warrington from a foul by Cattell, "Fair" furner judiciously found touch at Moseley's threequarter flag. And then followed a forward rush by Hampson, Berry and Taylor, and just when everybody was expecting to see a score notched, the attack was repelled by Bs rue. A period of forward play now set in, and the visitors demonstrated their capacity ia this direction by pressing Warrington into rather dangerous quarters. Evans and Clatk, however, very timely stepped into the breach, .and saved, though the former a minute later lest a chance by clinging to the oval a minute too long when there was a favourable opening betore him. The aspect of affairs, however, changed at this point, and Warrington getting the ball into rather loose play introduced some passing tactics which for a time made the visitors quite grim with apprehension. But no especial score ensued—it amounted to what the other attempts did, to naught. After this, play gradu- ally worked down to the corner, and again Warrington had cause to be encouraged, until after some splendid passing exhibitions, Lawless made a forward pass to Carey who cleared the line, and the referee said: No, he couldn't grant the pass. This was voted to be hard lines, though it was a correct decision. After getting irritatingly near scoring again, Warrington allowed them- selves to be driven back somewhat. The opportunity was grasped—as well as the ball—by J. H. Rogers, the old international who,made a brilliant run and was only just prevented from scoring by Berry and,Donohue. As it was he succeeded in getting the oval to the three- quarter flag, wnete it received prompt attention at the hands of Boscow. Shortly afterwards Thorniley broke away in line style and brought play into dangerous proximity to the visitors' line: But again Warrington's careful play was frustrated by the unorganized exploits of their opponents, and at half time there had been no score notched. Alter the restart Warrington were placed , in a dangerous position for a time, owing to Carey mull- ing. However the danger was averted, and Turner and Eleesom afterwards made excellent individual attempts. But Byrne proved an invaluable custodian and repeated- ly beat back the loaals. Cattell dribbled well, only to see Boscow at his best, and play hovered between the quarter flags, with hardly an advantage to either side. Eventually Lawless and Potts ran well, and from this point the locals maintained en incessant attack. Clark passed neatly to Evans, who tricked splendidly, and a round of passing, taken part in by Heesom, Lawless, and Carey, saw the latter failing at an easy chance. Heesem made amends with a fine kick, whilst Potts was all but a scorer, the result of a determined run. Taylor, Hampson, and Thorniley next came away from the ruck, only to be pulled up by Byrne, but towards the close,darknes.s was fast creeping on and what play could be discerned was confined to the forwards. Just before the call of time, Rogers made a plucky, though question- able attempt to score by desperately kicking at goal, ten yards from his own posts. But he did not succeed in getting any tangible point scored. RUNCORN V. BIRICENREAD WANDRREFtS.—This specially arranged match was played on the Runcorn ground on Saturday in wretched weather, which rendered the ground unfit for play, and it would have been a wise course to have cancelled the match rather than run the risk of ruining the ground for the whole of the season. There was more interest evinced on the Wanderers' side than amongst the home players. Some difficulty was experienced by Runcorn to get a team. The following players turned out Runcorn: Butterworth, back ; Morris, W. Faulkner, Richardson, and Warder, three- quarter backs; J. Faulkner and S. Abrams, half-backs; Reece, Langley, Taylor, Dolan, Moores, Lightfoot, Wil- liaras, and Farmer, forwards. Birkenhead Wanderers: J. Snape, back; W. Conning, J. Hughes, J. Watson, and C. Kelly, three-quarter backs; E. Hurst and A. Herbert, half-backs • E. Elliott, T. Morgan, B. Murphy, D. Atkin- son, J. Gardiner, W. Bibby, J. Franklin, and F. Ingram, forwards. During a storm of rain Turner started the ball, when the fun at once began, the players having great difficulty in keeping their feet. The ball was kept among the forwards, and now and again some short bits of passing were brought off. During one of the rushes by the Wanderers Gardiner scored, to the great delight of the team and their supporters. The goal kick, how- ever, failed. This was the only peint of interest in the first half, Warder having very hard lines in a couple of penalty kicks, the ball only going a few inches wide of the posts. Changing ends, a re-start was quickly made, and for a time Runcorn penned the Wanderers in their half, and after frequent endeavours to score Abrams got over from a forward rush, Morris being mainly instru- mental in getting the ball up to the line. Darkness leav- ing set in play was almost impossible, and the call of no I aide was a relief to players and spectators alike. Final result :—Runcorn, one try; Wanderers, one try. CIIESHIRS v. DIJUKAM.—For this match at Stockport next Saturday the Cheshire executive have selected the ' following players. The team, it will be noticed, is the same to a manes that which defeated Lancashire on the 4th inst., Ashton (Stockport), who was then called upon fr-en the reverse, now being given prominence over Crompton (Runcorn), back ; F. P. Jones (New Brighton) F, Saville (Stockport), A. E. Fenton (Birkenhead Park), ' and El. Ashton (Stockport), threequarter backs ; S. Abrams and J. Faulkner (Runcorn), half backs ; W. Faulkner, J. Lanley, R. Reece' and J. Davies (Runcorn), H. Ellis and F. Little (New Brighton), and T. Morgan and E. Elliott (Birkenhead Wanderers), forwards. Re- serves ;J. T. Haslam (Stockport), back ; J. H. Cromp- ton (Runcorn), and J. Hutchinson (Birkenhead Park), three-quarter backs; H. Tarratts (Sale), and E. Hurst (Birkenhead Wanderers), half backs ; W. Bailey (Stock- port), J. Beard (Stockport), and S.F. Edmondson (Sale), forwards. RUNCORN VICTORIL V. PRESTON BROOK..—At Preston Brook, on Saturday, in miserable weather. Owing to the heavy downpour, it was decided to play two twenty minutes. A pretty bit of passing between Carruthers, Kennan Dutton and Sutton, the last-named scoring a meritorious try, the goal-kick failing. Shortly after J. W. Johnson got hold, and after a neat dodgy run scored, the goal-kick failing. At half-time the game stood— Victoria, two tries, three mtnors, Preston Brook, nil. On resuming the Vice again went to the attack, some neat passing ensuing. Kennan getting the ball from the scrimmage passed o Dutton, who, cleverly evading all opposition, scored a grand try, J. W. Johnson convert- ing. Shortly after F. Johnson scored, no goal resulting. At the call of no side the score stood—Runcorn Victoria, one goal, three tries, four minors ; Treston Brook, nil. WARRINGTON S. MART'S Y. LATORFORD.—This match was played on the ground of the former, on Saturday,in a continual downpour of rain. Latchford won the toss, and played with the wind at their backs, but it was of very little benefit to them, the Saints continually press- ing, Warburton experiencing hard lines on two occasions. On the call of half-time nothing had been scored. On changing emir; the Saints had all the game, and a few minutes of the second half had elapsed wken Lythgoe scored, Burton failing to improve. At this stage of the game Latchford lsft the field, failing to approve of the try, thus leaving St. Mary's the winners by one try four minors to nil.

RT.INCORN VICTORIA 21SD V. FRODESIAM BECREATION.—.• At Runcorn on Saturday. The Vies. were abort of sev- eral of their players, while the Etecs,vrere strongly repre- sented. After a hard fought game the Vies won by one try to nil. Haigh scored the try.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL V. COWLEY SCHOOL, Sr. SELENS.—PIayed on Saturday last at St. Helens. Warrington Grammar School, 11 goals ; Cowley School, nit. The Warringtonians had the best of the game throughout, as the result proves. WARRINGTON RESERVE V. PENICETH FRIENDS SCHOOL.— Played at Warrington in heavy rain. During the first half, with the wind in their favour, the School played a good game and had as much of the play as the home team, hut in the second half they were overplayed. Final score :—Warrington Reserve, 7 goals ; Pen keth Friends, 3. Goals were scored for Warrington by Carter 2, Wilkes 2, Hatton 2, Mather 1. PENIEETH V. FARNWORTH C.E.T.S.—This match was played at Farnworth on Saturday in miserable weather. Each side only played ten men. The captains decided to play two fifteen minutes as the afternoon was very wet. The home team started the ball, and play was even for the first half, Dumbell having hard lines with a low shot. The visitors did the most pressing, but could not score, Lewis having hard lines just befQre the call of time. The game ended in a draw, neither side having scored. PENKETH RESERVE V. ST. ELPHIN'S RESERVE.—This match was brought off at Dalton Bank on Saturday afternoon, the visitors only playing ten men. Lloyd scored for Penketh, quarter of an hour.after the start. Play was even up to half time, when the visitors led by one goal to nil. The second half the honse team was kept on the defence, but try as they would the visitors could not break through the strong defence of the home backs, and the game ended in a win for Penketh by one goal to nil. WARRINGTON V. LIVERPOOL RAMBLERS.—This match was played at Blunclellsands on Saturday last with the ground very sodden. Warrington were minus Connor and Fennelley. The heavy state of the ground prevented anything like accurate playing. Die rain made the players present a pitiable aspect, and they were not sorry el hen the whistle blew. The final scores were:— Liverpool Ramblers, 2 ; Warrington, nil. Teams : War- rington : Forrest, Mather, Clarke, Phillips, Williamson, Linaker, Reid, Norman, Pierpoint, Anthony, and Dendy. Liverpool Ramblers: Viasto, Bateson, Doane, Temple, Bornes, Boxwell, Daglish, Tetley, Barr, Barnes and Laird. The match next Saturday will be against last year's champions St. Elphins, on the Cricket Ground at Arpley, when a good same is anticipated. RUNCORN V. FARNWORTH GR&MMAR SCHOOL.—This match was played on Saturday, at Farnworth, in wretched weather. The visitors won the toss and played with the wind. The game had only been in progress a few minutes when Douglas sent in a long shot, which bounced through over the goalkeeper's head. Jones by quick following up put another through. The home team broke away nicely and forced a corner, but noth- ing came of it, and the visitors' right getting hold took play up to the other end, and centreing well, Pneock scored. The same player registered another shortly after. Halt-time was called with the score four to in favour of the visitors. The home tiain played much better with the wind, and had hard lines in not scoring. Owing to the greasy state of the ground good shooting was out of the question. A miserable game ended in a win for Runcorn by four goals to none.

OUR LOCAL CIITJRCIIES-W ARRINGTON,

TEMPERANCE SUNDAY.

Temperance Sunday, an institution established by Lady Henry Somerset, was celebrated at the Noncon- formist places of worship on Sunday, special sermons being preached appropriate to the occasion. The pul- pit was oacupied at the Padgate Wesleyan Chapel in the morning by the Rev. G. D. Mason, who said thay could not walk along the streets without being aware of the evils arising Irma the use of intoxicating drinks. The increasing intemperance amongst women and children. was to be deplored. It was very sad to think that nearly all these persons had been scholars in the Sunday schools. The rev, gentleman gave certain statistics from which it appeared that two-thirds, of the youthful population of England, Wales, and Scotland were mem- bers of Sunday schools. In this there was cause for thankfulness. A fact to be deplored, however, was that six out of every seven in our prisons had passed through the Sunday school. How was this to be remedied? Let every scholar in their Sunday schools become a total abstainer. This curse of drink was a great hindrance to the children coming to Christ. Would they then not help to eradicate this hindrance? Let them be an ex- ample to the rising generation in this matter, so that , when Jesus Christ came to pass His judgment on their earthly doings, He might say " Thou hest done well." In the afternoon a special child:en's service was held in , the Sunday school, when addresses were delivered by the Rev. G. D. Mason, Mr. Horrocks, and Mr. Henry Taylor, , of Warrington,

THE P.S.A. AT WYCLIFFE CHURCH. The attendance at the P.S.A. meetings in Wycliffe Church on Sunday afternoons still increases, the mem- bership now numbering 1,058. The chair on Sunday was occupied by Mr. A. Lang who delivered a short address, in which he referred to some of the lessons to be derived from the P.S.A. brotherhood. Mr. Simon of Marple, delivered the address for the afternom, speak- ing on " Righteousness." The address, which was an excellent one was listened to with close attention, and frequently applauded. Mrs. R. H. Pearson sang " Angels ever bright and fair" and also a hymn, the chorus being sung by the audience. The orchestral band connected with the society played several selec- tions, considerably enhancing the musical portion of the service. Mr. W. H. Paytort conducted in the absence of Mr. W. H. Wallington. The Rev. J.Yonge, Mr. A. Birch, and Mr. Pendlebury also took part in the service.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY.

GRIVIIi.NIIALL V. BROOKLANDS A.—This match Was played at Grappenhall during the dullest weather of Saturday. A very pleasant and hard game was the re- sult, with a win for Grappenhall by five to two. The game was started at three prompt, Grappenhall playing towards the pavilion goal. After about ten minutes' play Albinson from a neat pass of Carter's scored the first goal for Grappenhall, and some few minutes after S. Owen scored another. The play was now very even, and scveral times the visitors iroke away, only to be foiled again and again by the splendid defence of the ' Grappenhall backs. Soon Grappenhall pulled themselves together, and by a pretty display of combination ran away up the field, Bennett scoring the third goal. No- thing further happened till half time, when the score stood—Grappenhall, three ; Brooklands, nil. On re- suming the vi,itors' forwards completely ran away with the Grappenhall backs, and P.W. H. Owes (itrooklands) scored, a performance which he repeated some time later. Grappenhall then got away again, and Carter scored, and later in the game S. Owen scored again for Grappenhall. Towards the end of the game the Grap- penhall goal keeper played splendidly. stonpinsr two ex- ceedingly hot shots, the score at time being Grappenhall five, Brooklands two. Grappenhall's play throughout was very good, the combination of the. forwards at times being exceedingly neat and pretty. The backs played their usual splendid game. To mention any par- ticular one would be unfair, as all without exception played extremely well. For the visitors,Bleckly played far and away the best, his three quarter play being very fine indeed, and but for his strong defence Grappenhall might have ',cored oftener. Of the forwarde Thorpe and F. W. H. Owen played well. '

===== 0002601_18931202_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
.--...i5w.-.--.

IJIMMIX 8 UOcOA has, tn a remarkable degree, these guttural elements of sustenance which give the system endur- ance and hardihood, with steady action that renders Its m at acceptable and reliable beverage."—Hasith. Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes is looking well for his years. The other day he visited the Boston court house, and when he saw his son standing at the door made a respectful bow and said : " How do you do, Mr. Justice Holmes 2" - -

TR& Barr Nie HTOIP.—Havo your sheets washed with Nucleon's Soap, and they will always be sweet as roses. fresh as sea browses. There will be nowe fit the disagreeable emell, so obiecttosable In other soapt.—A pure Dry Soap In flue powder.--.ddirt. (2).

===== 0002601_18931202_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
GILCHRIST LECTUitE AT RUNCORN.

DR. DALLINGER ON SPIDERS. The fifth of the course of lectures under the auspices of the Gilchrist Educational Trust was delivered in Runcorn Public Hall, on Thursday evening, by the Rev. W. IL Dallinger, D.S,C., L.L.D., P.R.S., ,The building was crowded in• every part. The lecture was entitled " Spiders, their work and wisdom,"and was profusely illustrated by lantern views, that frequently evoked the enthus- iasm of the large audience. The chair was occupied by the Rev. Thomas Wilkes, who in opening the proceedings referred to the object of those lectures' and mentioned that the permanent educa- tional result of them in Runcorn was to take the form of a technical institute for the town, which he was told was in progress, and in all probability would soon be an , established fact. They believed that the education of the heart and brain was the birthright of every child. I The Elementary Education Act had done much for the advancement of knowledge, so that now working- men's children were receiving what 50 years ago would have been called a liberal education, and the tendency waste give more. Their evening classes in the institution would afford great advantages to all their young people, but let it always be remembered that any practical out- come must be by the hard work and plodding of the individual. Science permitted the true, earnest student to life nature's veil, and view her matchless beauty ; she was ever ready to tell secrets about other worlds, waves of light and water, pedigrees or evolution, and the circulation of the blood. Echoes of these four sup- jects they had had in the previous lectures, and he had pleasure in introducing an ardent admirer of nature, the ' Rev. Dr. Dallinger, to bring before them some interest- ing particulars regarding spioers. (Applause.) Dr. Dellinger, in commencing his lecture, said it was not often the spider became an object of careful study; it was more frequently an object of loathing and disgust. To engage in a rational study of its habits was in the idea of some a study bordering on pursuit worthy of Bed- lam. The strong crushed it, and the weak flew from it; and to all it was an object of contempt. The spider, whether large or small, in the house, or garden, or at large, was a bugbear of the mistress and maid, and in his judgment this might be summed up in one brief sentence—it inherited prejudice. Hi ri desire was to en- able them to judge for themselves that the spider be- longed to a large class to which the men of science had given the name of Arachnida, which was derived from the Greek. The spider had been always and everywhere known by its works. They were objects of deep inter- est to the student in his work, and the spider must in- terest all. Although.the specific function of the spider was to spin, she was not the only spinner of the great class to which she belonged, and the difference between the spider and the silkworm was that the latter spun with its mouth and tha spider by means of external tubes. They would pause at this point to ask what the spider was. The house spider and the garden spider were known even to children, and they con- stantly heard of the red spider of the greenhouse, and the harvest spider of the field, but those two were not spiders at all. The spider was not an insect. Insects and spiders were absolutely unlike each other. The in- sect passed through many a metamorphosis, but the spider was born a spider, and remained a spider to the last. The head of the spider was quite unlike the head of an insect ; its head was soldered to its chest, and its eyes were Movie and not compound, as were the eyes of an insect. The legs of a spider numbered eight, and the insect had only six. The insect was dividi d into three parts: the head, the chest, and the abdomen • but the spider had only two parts. Again, the red spider was one complete body from one end to the other, and that showed the distinction between the mite and the spider. It they took the whole group of spiders they were first separated into two great groups, the sedentary or sitting spiders and the wandering or leaping spiders. The first of these two classes weaved webs or snares, and remained in .them or about them in order to snare their prey. The second were hunters and trappers. The lecturer described in an interesting manner the way in which spiders spun their snares, and overcame the difficulties with which they were oftentimßS confronted. From long observation he had come to the conclusion that the spider was an intel- lectual being up to a certain point.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
SUDDEN DEATH OF MR. S. NEEDHAM.

Expressions of surprise were general in Earles- town on Tuesday when it became known that Mr. Samuel Needham, ironmonger, of Queen-street, Earlestown had been found dead in bed between 3 and 4 o'clock that afternoon. Mr. Needham who was 74 years of age was on Friday last working on some property belonging to Mr. T. Forater, when it is supposed that he caught cold. He remained in bed on Saturday, Sunday, and a portion of Monday. lie retired to rest as usual on Monday evening, when he appeared a little better, but he did not get up on Tues- day. About noon his daughter took him some food, hut as he was asleep she did not disturb him. Between 3 and 4 o'clock Mrs. Needham went to reuse him, and I then found he was dead. She summoned medical aid, I but the doctor on arrival said he had been dead about half an hour.—Th,i facts were then communicated to the police, who reported to the Coroner hut he did not consider an inquest, necessary.—Mr. Needham was a well-kriciwn figure in F,arlestown, where ha has resided for something like 35 years, in his early days be- ing employed as a joiner at the Warm Works of the London ano North Western Railway Company. Leav- ing there, he opened an ironmongery business in a shop in Queen-street, in which he was very successful. On the extension of his business he removed to the opposite stde of the street, where ho resided up to the time of his death. For a number of years he was a teacher in the Wesleyan Sunday School, a member of the Wesleyan Society, and was especially known as an earnest visitor of the slck. His life has been a very quiet one, but his labours in connection with the Wesleyun body have been most active and earnest. Be was a man who was well-respected, and there is no doubt such a familiar figure will be much missed. Ile has been twice married and leaves a family of grown up daughters.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE INFLUENZA..

19,000 CASES IN AND AROUND HAMBURG.

HAMBUREIII, WEnticsnAv.—The epidemic of influenza is revolted to be RI di increasing in and around Elam- burg. At Altoria 10.000 cages have been notified ; at Hamburg, 3,000; and in St. Pauli there have been 6,000 cases. The medical observation stations for the control , of cholera on the Elbe district have been closed.

Amos Densmore, the invent,sr of the type-writer, died recently in New York, at the age of 70 years, from can- cer in the face.

At a quarter to one o'clock on Thursday morning Edward Gerrard, 61 years of age, a furnaceman, who lodged at 4. Knobstick•hall, Raoenhead, was found dead in the No. 10 pit of the St. Helens Collieries, belonging to Messrs. Piikington Bros. Gerrard was a widower, and left his lodgirgs at 5.30 on Wednesday night in his usual health, which has nut be so good during the past two years, to descend the pit. H. Banks, a fireman at the colliery, saw Gerrard in the mine about nine o'clock attending to his duties. He made no complaint of ill. health. hut when Banks visited him again at a quarter to one he found him dead on the form on which he usually rooted. The body was removed to Gerrard's brother-in-law's house in Groves-rew, and the coroner has been communicated with.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FASTEST TRAIN IN THE WORLD.

Our American cousins are given we think, at times to "blowing." We here, they think, says a writer in "Transport," and perhaps with equal reason, are given I to assuming our own superiority, even when it has no real existence. Let me, therefore, he says, begin by acknowledging, without qualification, though not with- out regret, that " the fastest train in the world" runs, not in England, but in the United States. It is known as the "Exposition Flyer " ; it leaves New York at 3 p.m. every afternoon, and running via the New York , Central and the Lake Shore and Michigan lines, arrives in Chicago, 984 miles off, at 10 o'clock-11 o'clock by New York time—the following morning. The speed, including stops, of which there are eight advertised, besides numerous slacks and checks for level crossings, taking in water, Azo.., is 45.2 miles per hour throughout. Let us see how this compares with the best speeds else- where. The best Continental long distance train is the Orient express. It takes about zq hours between Paris and Vienna ,or 4i hours more than the American train for 125 miles less distance. Our English distances are so shirt that a comparison on all fours is impossible. But we may put the matter this way with reasonable fairness—London-Perth and New York-Buffalo are practically equivalent distances. The American train takes 8 hours and 40 minutes; our best trains are allowed an entire hour more. Beyond Buffalo—or rather the junction outside it, for the train does not enter the station at all—the speed, which had been 50.8 miles per hour over the New York Central, falls to 48.5 over the Lake Shore. Even so the inclusive

speed throughout is, as I have said, 48.2 miles an hour. When the East and West Coast were racing to Edinburgh in August, 1888, the West Coast trains neatly equalled the New York Central performance, for 400 miles in eight hours is evidently 50 miles per hour. In fAct, it might be argued that the English performance was the better of the two, for the 20 minutes' stop to dine at Preston has no analogue on the other side of the Atlantic. But these trains only ran for a week or two in the height of summer, and no English train since then can dream of challenging a comparison. The present si hours' trains to Edinburgh have an inclusive speed on the West Coast of 47.1 miles an hour. On the East Coast, with eight miles less distance, the time is nearly one mile an hour slower. The Great Northein 4k hours' expresses to Man-

cheater just fail to reach 48 miles an hour. The same I company's best Leeds express just rises above that figure. The Great Western "Cornishman" is below 48, even as between London and Exeter. The new Midland 1.30 p.m. to Scotland, one of the very best trains in the country, is over 47i as between London and Carlisle. But 47 to 48 miles an hour for four or six hours, and 48.2 miles an hour tor 20 hours on end, are two very different things. So we must end the discussion, as we began it, by admitting the American exploit to be abso- lutely unmatched. But it is sufficient to compare sheer speed without the necessary allowances on either side for difficulties of road and weight of train. The West Coast is undoubtedly the harder of the two fast routes to Scotland. As tar as gradients go it would seem also to be somewhat harder than the route . .

of the " Exposition Flyer," though an American migh‘ reasonably enough claim the three or four miles up a bank of one in 70,after a dead stop at Albany as a set-off against Shap, and the 9191 t. summit of the." Batavia divide "as not so much inferior in difficulty to " Beat- tack bank." Even if, however, he waived his claim, he might still satisfy a jury that his own road was the harder of the two, when he gave evidence that all along It there are facing points innumerable, level crossings by the score, miles upon miles run through and across town streets, so that—to take just one instance—the last 16 miles into the Chicago terminus occupy ne less than 36 minutes. There may be room for argument sate the difficulty of the road ; act) the comparative weights there is with a single exception, no doubt whatever. The trains in the race to Edinburgh weighed from 80 to 110 tons. The 10 o'clock Scotch expresses are at present, I believe, limited to go about 160 tons on the West Coast and 140 on the E‘st. The only train among those I have men- tioned which exceeds this figure is the Midland 1•30 to Scotland, which weighs, I calculate. about 180 tons ; but then the Midland uses pilot-engines so freely that I train loads can hardly be reckoned as on the other lines. Much the heaviest train for its speed in Great Britain is the new West Coast dining car train to Scotland, which! weighs no less than 254 tons, as it leaves Eusten. North of Preston, however, this train divides, while south of it the speed is under 44 miles an hour. Its American rival, on the other hand, runs through from end to end as one train dre wn by a single engine. Its weight leavine New York, was, I gather, for the first few days, 320,000tb5. or 143 tons. This was found so much within the power of the engines that a fifth car was attached, bringing the weight up to ever 178 tons. Moreover, for about half the distance in each direction there is a dining car attached, weighing over 42 tons extra, making a total weight of 220 tons, or, say, an ! average of 200 tens for the entire distance. At best,! think, we cannot claim the English performance-254 at 46k miles an hour—to be superior to the American one, 200 tons at 48 15th ; and the American train keeps it up for 20 hours, the English train only for a short 41 houis. I ought to have mentioned that the return tram from Chicago differs only so far that it takes a quartlT of an j hour longer. It leaves at two p.me—three, that is, by the New York time—and reaches New York at 11.15 next morning. Herein lies the great importance of the new departure. Hitherto the best trains took 24 hours on the [road. In other words, a passenger leaving New York on Monday morning was in Chicago on Tuesday morning, but could not, by any means, get back to New York till after business hours on Wednesday. By the " EXposi- tion Flyer "be leaves in the afternoon, when business is , nearly ever, has four hours in Chicago and can be hack Fin Wall-street before midday on the Wednesday. For all , practical purposes he has gained a clear day. Col. Prout evidently expects that further accelerations will, ere long' increase the interval between arrival at and depar- ture from Chicago from four hours to eight. It would not be a greater feat or a more startling change if the newspaper train, leaving King's Cross, at 5.15 a.m., were booked into Edinburgh at 12 45 noon, and the re- turn train, which now leaves at 2.30 were delayed till , 3.40 p.m., continuing to reach King's Cress at 11.10 p.m. as at present. One point more. Several contemporaries are lost in , amazement at the reckless extravagance of space and weight in our new English corridor and dining car trains. Surely,says one of them,we have reached the limit in this respect. Let us see. The East Coast hauls about 165 tons dead weight for 130 passengers, say lf tons each. For the same number of passengers the West Coast hauls 254 tons,or almost two tons apiece. But the American train,weighing 200 tens,has only room for 86 passengers. The deadweight per passenger is therefore 2-1-3 tons. There is,then,a yet deeper deep of possible extravagance yawning before English Companies that venture to begin to Americanise their institutions. Not that I would wish to he understood as implying that these trains are in fact unprofitable. The contrary is,l believe,the case. An average English passenger train earns 4s. per mile. Our two new trains can earn 12e. a mile, and yet leave vacant places, both first-class and third. The American " Flyer" has of course but one class and fare. It is 31 dols. for the single journey, including sleeping berth, as against 28 dols. by the old " Limiteds," and 25 dole., also including betths.by the ordinary trains. Assuming 180 passengers, the "Flyer" would then earn 2,480 dots., lor roughly 103. per mile run. The capital cost of these trains is no doubt considerable, but it spreads out very thin per mile on a train covering 3,000 miles a week. So, on the whole,there seems no reason to doubt that tbe new flyers, both here and in America, will be almost as profitable to the companies as they are convenient to the public. 31

MY NATIVE VALE.

Long years of toil and wand'ring past. Thanks to a friendly gale, My heart's desire is erown'd at last, I see my native vale. Flow gently has the hand of time Dealt with this region fair : Whose lovely scenes and glorious clime Their pristine features wear. Above it smile the same blue skies That met my childish gaze : Still round the shelt'ring hills arise, Unehaned the streamlet plays. The joyous linnet woos his love, The wild bee hums along; And far up, in the blue above, The skylark pours his song. Here still, half hid in blossom'd thorn, With windows quaint and low, I see the house where I was born. A long, long time ago. Ala.! that house, with strangers fill'd, No longer opes to me : And in the fields my fathers till'd New faces all I see. But where are those with whom 1 play'd A merry, careless boy; And where the friends of years more staid Who shared my calmer joy? All, all, alas, are sundered wide BF time's resistless wave: A few in foreign lands reside, But more are in the grave. And while in loneliness I dream. Of vanisled friends and years ; HOW short the span of life doth seem. How full of mists and tears. There is no lasting place on earth, No rest for great or small : And sorrow treads the wake of mirth, Till death envelops all. JAS. H. W. CLINDINNING.

All at has to be emulsioniseol, or broken up into tiny par- ticles, before it ran he assimilated. The fat in Scott's himul- Pion of Cod Li% er Oil is already emulsionised, and can be taken into the blood without taxing the Aigestlve organs. In this way Scott's Emulsion is superior to plain oil, besides being palatable. Srott's Ilmulslon builds up healthy ileelf quickly a here plain all merely natweates and passes off with out good results, Chemists sell it. Zs. ed. mad 4s. 6a.—(9)

===== 0002601_18931202_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FOO IBALL CLUB AND CRICKET.

TUESDAY. In the House of Commons on Tuesday night, gf. quith informed Mr. Darling that permission to hoh! meeting in Trafalgar.square to explain the princii and aims of the Communists and Anarchists had refused. The application was mad, on behalf of " Commonweal Group," whose principles appeared justify the wholesale massacre of innocent persons se,' legitimate means for the attainment of their ends. view of this fact he had come to the conclusion that proposed meeting was called for an unlawful purp His decision had nothing to do with the selection of falgar-square ; the meeting would have been ecl, unlawful wherever it was sought to hold it. In reply to Mr. Gourley,Mr. Gtansrosn said it Wef be clearly understood that in the view of Her Majee'd Government the exclusion of foreign ships froln Bosphorus affected all nations alike, and that if el privilege was granted to any one nation it would claimed by the British Government also. Mr. GLADSTO'E, in answer to Mr. J. K. Hardie, , the Government were not prepared to concur in tr ferring from local authorities to the House of Coma the duty of taking steps for the relief of the unemplt , The question had not, however, been overlooked by ' Government, for on the 13th September the President the Local Government Board issued to the local sanitt 'authorities a circular pointing out the expediency,wl practicable, of finding work for such persons. • Labour Commission had given much attention to the, ject, to which a large and important part of its 7 would be devoted. Mr. Asrautrn, replying to a question in the absence Mr. John Morley, said there was no doubt that a•n I tempt had been made to effect a dynamite explosion the barrackr in Dublin, but whether the murder on 51( day night had any connection with that outrage • mained to be seen. The House again went into Committee on the Government (Parish Councils) Bill. WEDNESDAY. In the House of Commons on IVednesdav the Government Bill was further advaneed. Clause 7, cheating the powers under various Acts that ins/ given to the parish council, was adopted with antes merit. Considerable discussion follow,d on clause which proposes to give power to the parish council provide or acquire buildings for public purpose° land for recreation grounds. An amendment moved Mr. Bousfield, that the parish clamed should provide room in the village for recreation nuroose; arri was rejected by 264 votes to 20 amid ministarial and laughter. Progress was reported, and the House journed at half-past live THURSDAY. In the House of hursday evening, DARLING asked a question which in effect was a resT that the Government would prosecute the editor 01 " Commonweal" for his Anarchist writings. ASQUITH declined to say mere than that the matter engaging the attention of the Government, who ' take such steps, if any, as might appear to be in the public interests. Several qm•st ions being put as to the business of, House, Mr. GLADSTONE said that the Cabinet woulo day consider the subject, in order to determine it was the duty of the Government to make any p, with a view to the expediting business. The House again went into Committee on the. Government (Parish Councils) Bill. In the course discussion on an amendment (which was negative' empower Parish Councils to remove any " erection the purpose of advertising " which might be disDl ing to the landscape, Mr. FOWLER asked what righti Parliament to say that a man should not let his land ' the purposes of advertisement if he thought propel:, these days of agricultural depression. An kapott discussion took place in the latter portion of the sitt on the Government proposals for giving the Parish ( cil powers of acquiring land by compulsion tor ments.

In the House of Lords the second reading Employers' Liability Bill was moved by the Mare, RIPON. The Earl of DUDLEY said the clause aainst tracting out would force employers to withdraw t contributions to the accident funds. A ballot which been taken amongst his own men showed that 90 cent of them were oppo:ed to the clause, 8 per rent ' in favour of it, and 2 per cent remained neutral. STALBRIDGE said that if the bill passed into law the don and North-Wesiern Railway ,Company would 1 draw their subscriptions to the insurance fund. supporting the measure the Lord Crimcciitton out that alrhough the bill said yvarkmen could not t tract out there was nothing to compel them to ell! : compensation. Ths hill was read a second time au° Committee was fixed for ti I,y week.

A special meeting of the members of Rat Football Club was held at Riley's Cafe on 're, night for the purpose of considering a recom cal tion from the Committee to take over the proj Of Runcorn Cricket Club, ar.d to carry on the under the management of the Football Club. James Tickle was voted to the chair.—A letter vrag from Mr. George S. Frith hon. secretary of the ' Club, stating that the members had decide I to • the offer to tak4 over the property of the Cricket for the sum of £25 —Mr. Langshaw secretary Fnotbal Club said it had been felt for some time tha f the interests of the summer pastime there should 11 amalgamation of the two clubs or that the Football would take over the Cricket Club. It was hoped the management of the Football Club that a might be gct to the standard held by football. for that meeting to decide. After a brief discussioa which it was expressed that the prooosed arram, would be advantageous to both crick, t and footbar- John Lunt moved and Mr. Floward seconded that, recommendation of the Committee be confirmed motion was carried unanimously.—The electla' officers was then proceeded w,th and resulted as follo The President (Mr. S. Taylor), and patrons of tboo Cricket Club, with the addition of the name of Mr. Norman, were unanimously re-elected. Captain secretary: Mr. George S. Frith ; sub•captain, M.,r• Abrams ; treasurer, Mr. J. Ellison ; Committee al! S. Moores, John Gatley, FL Wright, J. Tickle, W. kner, W. Neild, J. E. Langshaw, S. Houghton, J. J. Wilson, and T. Warder. The Committee were powered to add to their number.

6bOat ITT the ;ter bi*• , id recouY ntenn• rover°. the * b. hy Duo certi" 031 tor, bees' tbl. , At tbs' 1011 A I.# estyl 'co 08 i aloa" anA 113101e' tbe Of at iitSrf There .16°11:4 rePo' gor tr Locil re bed ir also ; t; ' I ,s * Ghee!: "'An= • regooe"; - sos° 104 , neceoial, tlae I to' ,rhetl?!..or rroPv°- I.oc of, A6erA . tt fer j$ ftBPC 113,cjitti01 A o°Uir aIWV tPe.f ‘tleig; I*- Pet 00.0 1,04 3 i. ,i ate eir e fer 1 tll. toe°l leoiP; clo tot Crico6 ace-. r Gitti,l3.l i* .;$$ AO- t d. flrtt #lss 103.; op Anal', DO tbat !of tioll f 0110 5,0 (001; "flov- thrlieto )rev`iof ,econneloell ascerVg'eos'

===== 0002601_18931202_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COAL SETTLEMENT.

A WELCOME CHANGE. Nearly the whole of the colleries in the St. Hetet Haydock districts of South West Lancashire are age. full swing, and the greatest activity is being diet Heavy train loads of coal are again running tt the district, and the desolate appearance of the Pt four months has been succeeded by a most vvelcome' of affairs. Mr. T. Glover, miners' agent, has ascetts that in the St. Helens district 150 hands, formerlf ployed at the pits, have not resumed work. These been principally connected with Ashton's (Well' Pheenix collieries: EARL FITZWILLIAM'S " WELCOME.' ' The miners restarted woik on Wednesday ~t LFitzwilliam's Colliery, Low Stubbin ; and the ' pits will open to day. In a letter to the men his,..titre! ship says :—" If you can satisfy my represennhol; that there shall be absolute freedom for you all, gladly welcome back to my employment as a° possible." YORKSHIRE DECIDE TO CONTINUE THE - CROWN LEVY. • AOC' A two days' conference of the Yorkshire Miners , ciation terminated on Tuesday. It was reported t'2,010 large number of miners had not yet got back 0 via, 0 and it was therefore decided to continue the 25. week levy for another fortnight. 004 01 In a recent Leavenworth marriage the united sr, groom and bride were one hundred and thirtY-1 years and both cried. EPP9-8 COM-U.—GRATEFUL .AND COMYORTIIta.--" thorough knowledge of the natural law, which g 0 operations operations of digestion and nutrition,and by a o,refil,ls.lM, tion of the fine properties of weil-selccted oOA. has provided for our breakfast and supper is del,de flavoured beverage which may save us many lieavY bills. It is loy the judicious se of such articles of dieteL4 constitution may be gradually built up until strong 51' to resist every tendency to dise,se. We may escaPe,,fn fatal shaft by keeping ourselves a ell fortifiA blood and a properly nourished Crane "—`. CIVil, tialette."—Made simpiy with boiling water or ini:l,•t CO' only in packets, by Grocers, lahslied--" Lows Bret`e• Ltd., Honadepathic Chemists, Lortdon."—MSo 5p4,40 Bppe's Coimaine or Cocoa Nib-lixtract : A thin beco'4, full flavour. now with many beneficially taking the 4 tea. Sold in Warrington by Bowden. Bamford, aad —Advt.

ng IV% y aboaw of No Tied . the m itte that bis, ne3 laid

no such moony -,•ontP

celY c asiO. theta!

" ,ired )ng aS, ids. , that

sane° an I nsiort Ni( rage

laug! uncll )V0 ' '0 Vide

la 1-0- use es ft' ived/ ;don! disfl, oht rand opet

of). nSt t tich t 90 .nt

oft' I all

id 11$ 6j, pia, hrovidolo. re

I, 1 it,ordeOr. Oft°

• Itear rovetn" for the sub. c . hy )00 ertr Local lan-0 11r. hold e Inciplee bete • the c Is 0)0' Owe, 3f 'cry gollf • was tg, ' jestY „t 33 tbe if ATLI )Uld le• I trail-. nialole/ )pIOY by the, dent 01 tnitia ,where The sup; ,cI icor • re' I.oeit 1,06 .e 7, iNtr trial -, poo" e, sPi • DI reaner. chef° ao, Dir• requee,' n• of Dit vtio -ter nal! :Cewa3e.ri 3uld whel tber IroP* 1.001 <! of e 1) lief ,firlu,sAr • b.- lot t p 0141 goly alwr the 1;091 Coe' 01,1 so yr Vro ine°l4! leeo, ierld°f )Po'loo reP tip ke: Crie'g cer f CD° J CP° del , 001.4 ;J1,13, 6 hatite ef fOllO :.‘g '`,.611 sinMe r. , 130°,tily ere " ang

===== 0002601_18931202_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PA RLIAM.ENT.

MONDAY. In the House of Commons on Monday evening lir' CARVELL WILLIAMS questioned the Home s,cretary abc the exclusion from the Manx magisterial bench Of N( conformists and persons in trade, and was informed L•z. Mr. Asquith that the late Lieutenant Governor of Island had, since his attention was c tiled to the mltte.r_, done all he could to redress the grievance, and that h.l! successor would be instructed to act on the lines lata (lowa by Mr. Walpole. Sir E. GREY assured Mr. E. J. M eon that no socb step as the acquiring of the island of Lemnos (as re( mended by Lord Charles Beresford) had been Gout plated by Her Majesty's Government. Mr. GLAnwrosx,replying to questioos,said the G( merit did not intend to concur in any proposal for appointment of a committee of that House to Pint committee of the House of Lords in considering the Sa ject of " betterment." He did not understand whl was the office of the House of Lords to move that 13961 to appoint committees for which they had no 0CC4511911. _ Replying to Mr. Snipe, Mr. Ascorra stated thels! relating to examinations for colliery managers' ficates. The House again went into Committee (on the Government (Parish Councils) Bill, and several GI& were got through.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

ItECESIBER. FT.031 WARRINGTON TO

Acton Bridge-7 10,7 35, 828, 10 45, 1 42, 2 35, 5 15, 5 35, 23. Sundays 10 15. 8 Aintree 712. 16.a38, a 9 10. Sundays 940, 25. 35. a Stops if required. Altear and Hillhouse-7 12, all 15.1 8, a 3 8, a 4 0,a6 33. San- t94o, 25.8 35. a Stops if requirea. rrow —2 43, 5 20, 545, 1140. 1 30, 235. 3 48, 6 29, 84. Sundays 240. 3 35, 8 44. 5 Birmingham (L 01 £4 -W.) a 3 23, 735. 950. 123, 1 50. 3 58, .728, 1135. Sundays 257. 1015, 4 40, 11 35. a Moo- YS only. Birmingham (Midland)-6 14.9 32. 11 55, 1255, 3 20, 50. 85, 11 52. Sundays 11 45, 4 25.6 15 p.m. 6 Blackburn—*2 40, 620 5 45, 6 29, 8 3a, 9 55,11 40.12 23, 3 43, .8 40. Sundays 843. 6 0. *.inturdays Excepted. 7 —`ftekl)ool-5 4a. 8 35. 9 55. 10 5. 11 40, 12 23. 2 25, 3 48, 6 21, 17, 8 47. Sundays 2 40. 8 43 60. 1510Int0n-2 45, S 25, 919. 10 40, 12 14, 2 40. 3 20, 4 21, 0 33. Sundays 7 40, 747 p.m. Carllsle-2 40, 5 20. 5 45, 105. 2 25, 3 43. Sundays 2 40, 3 35. 40. 9 5, 10 23, 127. 12 15, 1 40, 150, 2 27,3 17, 'O4, 5 11, 6 4, 7 42.10 28, 11 32. Sundays 8 44, 7 45, 11 32. Collins Green-7 10, 8 20, 10 35, 12 7, 2 40, 348, 4 40, 6 10, B. 9 10, 10 20. Stmclaa Et 43, 60. 2 Crewe—a 2 57, b 323, 7 10,7 35, 8 28,„9 50, 10 45, 12 1, 1 42, _5lB, 3 11, 5 15, 728, 1135. Sundays 257, 1015, 4 23, 1135. ° adays exerpted. bblondays only. 8 esb"rY-7 40, 95, 12 15, 150. 3 17, 5 11, 6 4,7 42, 10 14. aiVays 8 44, 745, BerbY (Midland)-6 14, 9 69. 11 65, 12 :55, 3 20, 50, 11 53. 178 Id 45 a.m., 4 25 p.m. 1 Earlestown —5 25, 710, 820, 835, 105, 10 40, 127. 1223, 418' 2 40, 3 30, 348, 440, 5 35, 6 10, 78, 9 10, 1020. Sun- -I'2_7 35, 8 43, 4 56, 6 0, 7 47, 9 45. 717 5a4 45, 5 45. 7 10. 10 40. 1 15, 3 20, 4 21. 440. 5 40, 041;420. Sundays 740 a.m., 8 43, 50, 6 0,7 47. ablondays • _ _

ZBlaburBh-240, 5 20, 9 55, 1140, 1 30, 2 35, 3 48. Sundays 4c:idler's Ferry & Penk, th -7 38, 825, 94.5. 1148. 129. nt, 5 17 80" 98. Sundays 8 48, 2 40. 750. a Satur- -4* only, 1 5 ati,› t°,, (Cheshire LineF)-7 12, 7 56, 837. 9 5, 10 40, 120. 0, 5 29. 6 10, 870,80. c 9 30, dlO 15, 1139. Sun- -55 11 25, 2 32, 75, 9 18, 10 10. dSaturdays • 51tu oeptect ns 5 minutes later on Saturdays,. cSaturdays ex- -2 404. sit°Nv-.2 40. 520, 955, 1140, 1 30. 2 35, 3 48. Sundays G 10 15.01h8 l'ne-5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 10 40, 12 23, 1 15, 3 43. 5 35. 7 17. tio Sundays 8 43. 60. 4 0 5°485 Green-7 12, 756. 95. a 9 30, 10 40, 120, 15.25. 2ai b 10. 6 33, aO,BO, c 9 30, alo 15. Sundays 90, 11 25, 9 18. allondays and Sat urdays only. bßuns 5 minutes Blrl_oll Saturdays. cSaturdays excepted. and Cadlshead (Central)- 70, 7 55, 8 21, 70, 10 5. LXl's 56, 10 17.3 17 A . 5 15, 7 18, 923. 10 49"`tit,„°rd-From rpley Station-6 20, 7 22, 80,9 0, 958. " 38, 1 16, 2 38, 350. 4 15, 5 18, 6 13. 78, a 745, 98. titt,lveY4 8 50, 3 8. 8 18. aSaturdays only. 127 t,,il°ol (L. & N.-W.)-5 25. 7 10, 8 20, 8 35, 105, 10 35, a 28: 1,4). 249 4 40, 6 10, 78, 10 20. Sundays 5 20, 7 35, 843. 08, 60, 945. From 11:gli Level Platform. _ 10 2i°4001 (From Low Level Platform)-7 38, 8 25, 9 45, 11 48, 1 29, al 52, 3 20, 4 30. 0 12, 617, 80, 98. Sun- -1,3 48, 2 40, 7 50. aSaturdays only. 150 genrl (Cheshire Lices)-a42. 5 30,86 25, 7 12, T 53,8 38, 12 9 50, 10 24, 10 35, 1050, 11 50, 12 0, 12 35, 1250, le 50, 2 5, 2 50, 3 32, 350, 4 0, 4 50, 6 29, 550, 610, ""1, 52, 80, 5 50,9 5, 9 18, 10 10,10 45, alllo. 11 39. 430, 5 30, 90, 9 55, 11 25. 2 20, 2 32, 7 5, 830. 9 18, 53. alixeept Mcm.ays. bMondays only. N.-W )-a2 57:b3 23.7 35. 9 50. 10 45, 12 3, 148. 11 35. • Sundays 257,10 15, 4 20, 11 35. anon- e_r_leePted. bMondays only. Sur:4'u (Midland)-6 14. 9 59.11 39, 12 55, 320. 50. 11 53. t,„,?° 11 45 a.m.. 4 25 p.m. 3 50'7 20, 7 22, 80, 90, 958, 1049, 1038. 1 16. 2 38, 18. 613, 78, a 7 45, 98. Sundays 850,38, 813. • IdaYs Only From Arol y Station. I,o,!,lcher (1:. a N.-V/4-2 45, a 4 45, 545. 7 10. 8 25, 919, i°0..12 14, 115, 2 0 320 4 21.4 40, 5 35, 55, 7 17.8 33, 9 18, Ottly. tunclaYs 2 45:7 40:8 43, 50, 6 0,7 47, 833. aMondays .crorn High Level Ileum m. 755 rie,h„ester (From Bank Quay Low Level Patform)-7 20, ▪ 46: 'l, 9 55, 1 14, 2 35, 3 45, 6 10, 75,95, 11 40. Sundays 5. 8 15, 11 40. 55441cnhttter (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 8 21. 8 55. 90, 255 fns","o, 11 25, 11 55, 12 50, 150, 255. 3 55, 4 55, 8 12, 8 55, 9 55, alo 0, 105. all 10, 11 50. Sundays cla• y' " "1, 10 17 35. 3 17,5 .5, 7 15, 555, 955. 1010. aSatur- 1100,. s "41,1(11 "i°ll-7 35, 1045. 2 35, 5 35. 728. 10 40 !on-le-Willows-2 45, a 4 45, 5 45, 7 10. 8 35, 9 19, 1 42, 2 35, 535, 7 28. Sundays 1015. 10 20: '2 14, 1 15, 2 40, 320.421, 6 25, 7 17, 8 33, 8 55. 10 15, 431 e BUndays 2 45" 740 83. 335. 50, 60, 7 47, 945. txlay. 101,41, s 3.4.118ate_7013:•7 55, 81021,7,130 5207,, 512152,79, 2117, 527, 7 0. 8 30, 1 Sunday 8 65 225 Atlt7,-2 40, 5 20, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 10 5, 11 40, 12 23, 1 'l°,B 21, 7 17, 8 47,1 u 15. Sundays 240, 843,335,60. 'n BO Bu, ern-7 38, 8 25, 10 23, n 48, 1 29, 3 20, 5 12, 6 17. Bank 25, 2 "9 (for Ponketh)-7 56. 837, 95. 100. 11 0, 120, 1 5. 0125 528. 40,5 29 6 10. 70, 50. a 9 30. MO 15. Sundays 90, Bt7 32., 9 18. 'aSaturdays excepted. bSaturday s only. 45: libiell3-5 25, 7 10, ii 20, 8 35. 105. 127, 3 30, 3 48, 64,1°4 78, 9 10, 1020. Sundays 7 35. 843. 60, 945. -7 38 e3l 29, 722, 80,9 0, 958, 10 49, 12 38, 116, .8, 415, 5 18, 613, 78, a 7 45, 98. Sundays 850. 8. aSaatrdays only. From Arpley Station. :y tI.N."-W.)-1 33, 825, 945, 0028, 11. 48, 1 29. 15• ' 40, 4 3 tordayo,o, 5 12, 6 17, 80,9 8. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50. 5,21,,nne° ((heshire Lines) -7 55, 9 5, 10 0, 110. 12 0, 1 5, 529, 6 10..7 O. aO, 910, a 930. blob. sundays Iv;40, 2 32, tl 18. aSaturclays excepted. bSaturdays only. 115,10114,-2 40, 5 20, 5 45, 7 10, 8 35. 9 55, 1040. 11 40„ 1223. 843 .f.o. 3 48, 535, 621, 717. 8 47. 10 15. Sundays 2 40. '"35.60. 945.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM

4 5644`74,1_ bridge-6 39. 745, 852, 11 40, 38, 436, 6 44, 8 28. e.londays 6 53, 4 32. to Oft e___9 29, 1 30, 7 28, 1.0 4. Sundays 935. 2 41, 631. ao, ,sr and liillhouse-9 14, 1 16, 7 18, 9 49. Sundays tr°w-7 0, 855, 10,540,90. Sundays 4 45, 7 45, p.m. 11 49llghain (L. & N.-W.)-11 15, 3 10. 6 0,7 30. 90. 965. 845,.r althfun (111d1and)-6 5. 850, 11 30, 1 23, 2 40_ „.545, 7 25. Sundays 11 15, 3 10.8 45, 12 15.7 0. 30 11 19• Sundays 430, a.m., 40, 11 19. Ohce pc 44da- ' 1313,,e5• 8".• burn--8 30 8 50" 10 48, 12 40, 2 10, 6 30, 755. 10 15. 8 0 5 40 111)% , . _ 110 iy 1'441 (Talbot Road)-8 12, 8 55, 9 55, 1 20. a 5. &a 100 sundays 7. 1 40, 4 55, 8 40. 8-0-'*Poel (Central) -8 0, 8 27, 8 55, 9 55. 10 25, 1 ZO. 11„;,4 45,t; 55, 8 15. Sundays 7 (0, 1 20, 4 55, 8 50. _ _ 513 'F,tt-5 45, 8 0, 9 .5, N 35. 12 35, 1 20, 2 0, 4 EU • 8 30. Sundays 610, 920 13.41.„4 41 Sundays 42 0 50, 84k), 12 34, 1 40, 422, - ' che.ra•, 841 12 10, o m. 0,7 25, 8.45. 9 40, 10 12, 11 5, 11 40, 1 25. 2 10, 6 30. 6 35, 7 35, 8 0 Sundays 2 0,6 30_ OU 416,5'44 or,en-6 39 7 16. 8 42, 109. 12 38. 1 43, Z 10. 6 26, 7 47. 9 I'B, 10 46. Sundays 810,7 16. _ _ ine—,23, 4 42, 60, 640, 8 13 9 2J. 11 5, 11 10, 1 50, - 6 5 85, -3()• Stind' lye 23, 442, 510, 235. ' 12. barem., • 21, 7 -47prv. -3 16, 10 17, 11 43, 2 47, 5 42, 8 13. Sundays Z• ierbo 15, 10 20, 1 10. 3 5, 3 50, 4 45, 7 0, 8 3, al2 35, 3 33. , .6 18, 650, 3 33. °Except Mondays. -6 59, 7 20, 842. 929. 1018, 11 29. 12 25,03: 14WItla• iv„544 „2 15, 3 35, 4 40, 5 ;3, 630, 538. 912, aIZ 0..), 40, 7 24. °Saturdays only. 15"t4. 16. 7 8,8 14, 9 47, 37, 5 23. Sundays 618 pm.„ 947 Rdinbi -1.0 20. 22,6 0. 9 10. Sundays 60, 9 10_. Ferry & Penketb-7 12. 9 41. 1 6, 2 17, a 41. 54. 8 57. Sunda-s 832. 257,87. .14 5, im,ll (Cheshire Linesj-5 54, 7 50, 90. 9 o. 10 48, 3 5, 4 54. 58. 656, 6 57. 93, 1121. Sun- -10, 2 40, 3 17. 4 42, 6 51, 8 41. 1.,11717Z-1010, 20, 550; 95. Sundays 5 50, 95. "'l,lO 4 tle--6 44, 826. 1027, 2228. 241. 426, 535, 820. }tau 2. smioay a 9 40, 7 5. 141Tre"--18 3, 825. 9 10, 103, 1 14. 1 54. 221. 2 55, - 7.7 11,7 37, 9 18. Sundays 8 37,9 20, 3 31.4 55, 8 55. 11 2074 end Cadishead (Cetr ral)-6 50. 738, 956, 54, 852, LatoSunlays 10 59, 6 50. 835.955' 13. 8 40, 932 10 16. 1117, 1 20. al 45. 213 ,• 7 46. 67, 6 49, 7 49, 91, 9 56, 1127. Sundays 83.3. 1.1ye,„,_-'• ((Saturdays only. bleaturdaye eldePted. • . "42, 7iarle,town)- a 2 .55. 60, 80. 920. 1150. 35, 75. 835,90. N 5, *ll 0. Sundays 7 30, 9 20, yu-t.,' aMondaVS only. *Saturdays only. 40, '''nee-6 25. 860. 105. 1.230, 1 30. 2 40, 3 40, 420, 10 45. Suneays 7 45, 2 10. 720. 1045. _ 8 norPocl Weral)-5 45 6 10,7 30, 830, 8 40, 8 43. 939 ' • 2.„38. 10 3nto. 1120, 1130., 11 55. 1230. 1240.130.150.20. 3 40 430 4 40 4 50, 5 30, 5 36, 6 30. 6 35. 7 30, 80, "24,.?, 9zo a 10'45 1:1 0 30. Sundays 80,9 0, 2 30, 30. 8 30, .8 33, , 119 30. ((Mondays and Saturdays ,to'n • sdßi ‘l4 & N.M.)- 12 0, 5 15. 7 1.5, 10 30, 210, 1-Lond ' 1-6 O• Sundays 100, 120. 10 O. 50. land)-515, 10 5, 120. 20, 40. 50. a 15. kinZ304313 3 15, 12 0. a except Mondays 5. 832, 9 23, 10 8. 11 9 111. al. 37. 2 6. 825114,5 a 38, 5 59, 641. 741, 8 53. 948. 1119. Sundays --" 85. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. 2 35.13ePtster (L. ft N.-W 0., 7 0, 85. 9 40, 1125. 1 5' 4 25. 5 10, 7 5, 9 20, 10 40,11 0. Sundays kali •10 40. From Exehange. 2einhe',tr,r (Londo ° n-r ad)-7 15, 7 50, 9 25;10 3531 6.12 35, b 5 5, 5 20,' 6 5 75. 820. 9 10. 1045. Sundays 4v• •tSa, urdaysonly• bSaturdays excepted._ _ ;cheater (Cheshire Lines)-6 30, 648, 120. 530. 49 • s 4. 47 6t. 10 30, 1045. 1130. 12 30. 12 45, 1 30, 2 30, 3 30, 4 3u, :(_3O: 630, 730. 830. 950, alO 50, 11 G. Sundays -"t• 30 •10 40. 1 40. 202 5• 6 30, 8 15, 9 35. ablqn- - tadZ Ati4di naturoays oily koorleh-6 58 10 57. 242. 61. , New, 7 0,9 6, 11 5,5, 320 450 667. Sundays 7 15,4 48'84- _ A 6, 6"41-1.,i110w56 55 7 2-7 8 42, 9 24, 10 8. 11 52. dl. 4 7, 4 55.. 5 49,, 7 30, 8 35. 99. 9 55, 118. D °CI. 9 49, 3 55, 7 20, 11 5 a and sSaturdays only. 51, 832, 855 109. 15, 1,• 1 20, 9 12. 1 25, 5 17, 9 16. Sundays 550, 95. 9 39,10 10, 1115. 5120. 12 15.2 40. 4047 hr„2s, 6 25.7 59,9 35.10 47. Sundays 2 7,8 35, 3 15,6 10, °Mondays excepted. bNionday mornings only. • 7-5‘"6 1-0 45, 910, 1)24, 11.50, 130, 265, 440, 543. Saw, • 138 •ise,! ((or ) Penketh -2 14 8 41. 9 27, 10 19, 11 24. 12 . . .• 41' 3 44.4 35, 5 18, 5 40, 6 22, 7 26, 9 34. Sundays 849. 8. 155,8 t, s ''4ns---6 25, 70. 8 28,9 15, 955, 11 15. 12 5.12 1 30, 5% 740, 1)4, 'd'scc4 3,60.5 15. 6 10, 120. 90. r 30, 11 20. SundaY T 1• 4,1 5. "Saturtla% s only. la 1n..1.1-89, 836. 928, 10 12. 11 13,1 15. at 41, 29, 255. 645, 745, 857. 9 52, 1123. Sundays 829. 29. 'abaturdays only. Haturdays excepted._ _ „_. 420 'AnTs (L. a NAV.)-. 5 17 6, 9 31, 10 33. 12 8. 11 'o• 0.5 55. 6 46, 8 50, 11. 6. Sundays 8 24, 2 50. 708 Wi 1 I 'as (Cheshire Lined 830 916, 109. 11 12, 3225. 127. CB-079' 4 26. 5 29.6 12,7 16. 7 56. 9 25. Sundays 842. 336. Wi 43, 2,30, '!-a236, 53 8, 833, 811 9 31, 10 10, 11 42, 12 15. 1 454, 5 25, 810, 862, 1030. Sundays 238,9 ov '1 13. alianent Mondays. batondays only.

k ap,rBT2dAs Ckristrtuts Day, the trains varun "Dird for Sundays, with certain additions.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
oft! %ed -.rt3l-

1 5.,"',4 lam 1401' 115917' tha clot ea.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
UNITED TEMPERANCE MEETING AT

E A RLESTO WN.

On Thursday evening a United Crusade against liquer traffic was held in the Wesleyan schoolroom under the auspices of the various temperance societies in the town. The Rev. T. R. Mathews pre- sided, and there were present with him on the plat- form Revs. J. Cottam, E. R. Davies, Mr. J. Taylor, O. Pickett and others. There was only a moderate audience. The chairman said theyall knew the cause for which they were met together that night,namely to encourage one another in the good work of waging war against intemperance. They all knew that this sin of intemperance had more willing victims in this world of ours, than any other sin. They all knew very well that intemperance incapacitated a man from doing his duty to his family, how much more his duty to his God' A man under the influence of drink cared not for him- self, his soul, his wife, his children, his Saviour ; in fact he cared for nothing but his own selfishness.—lt was he thought one of the most selfish sins to which mankind was addicted. He thought they were all temperate people in that room, they had not got those they would like to see. He would like to see those old topers who rocked about their streets, but if they did net come,they must go to them. They had a mission to fulfil in that respect, as well as in other res- pects. He asked every individual advocate of temperance young and old,not to leave this business to the ministers of the Gospel. In the next place,he asked them to take up more earnestly this work of temperance, to speak more frequently and lovingly to those whom they knew were victims to this sin. Tney all knew such characters, they could not shut their eyes to seeing them, and they could not avoid coming in contact with them,t hey lived in their ' midst, next door, and possibly in their house, the work had to be done, and the work was brought to them, and laid upon theni. (Applause.) Rev. E. R. Davies Baia they had that night something they could congratulate themselves upon, the progress this question of temperance had made in connection with the christian churches of this country. (Applause.) And they had much to congratulate themselves in this respect, that the christian churches of this country were ' beginu'.ng to work together in a fashion that they had not previously worked. They were not there to de- nounce te e publicans, but it would be better for these gentlemen if they kept a grocer's shop instead of a pub- lic house. All round conviction had already seized hold of people, and they were not there so much for arguing this question, as the time for argument was nearly past, and if people did not by this time understand that two and to made four, they must tell them that it was so, and tell them until they did understand it. There were a great many schemes afloat for dealing with the liquor traffic, but they were not all agreed as te what was best to be done. They should all be agreed upon the ques- tion that Sunday closing for the whole of England was a question that was ripe for settlement, and that it ought to be settled not by a Local Veto Bill, but he believed fairly that they wanted an Imperial measure, by which it shall be passed that public houses for the whole of England should be closed for the whole of the Lord's day. (Applause.) He believed this in the interests of the pub- lican, and the servants of the publican. These servants, and he believed a good many of the publicans wanted Sundayclosing.He did not now speak of publicans, who had tied houses, who could come now and again to their houses to receive what their houses had made, and returning to their home in some quiet resort. Be was speaking about those people who had to work for the publican, and ho held that the bulk of these were ripe upon this question, and would be glad if the bill was carried to-morrow. (Applause.) A can- vass made in Liverpool showed 950 publicans for Sun- ' day closing, and when they said that it v. as demanded from a publican's standpoint they only said What they could vouch for. If it was to be settled speedily, it would be by the temperance party going forward shoul- der to shoulder and pushing matters forward with all the power they possessed, and they would not rest until public-houses were closed almost altogether. (Applause.) The Rev. J. Cottam said he knew that the work they had in hand was so stupendous that some people said they were fools if they expected to lifs this yoke from the necks of the people. But they would take up the the weapons of their welfare, and continue this until crusade, and he trusted they should not be wanting le daring to put their hands to the weapons, and strike blows as opportunities might offer against this great foe ot our land. (Hear, hear.) The trade of the publican was antagonistic to the best interests of Society, arri then, he said, every right-minded citizen should be an- tagonistic to the trade.' He rejoiced in being a rabid teetotaller, and did not know but what they iheuld go in for a little more sledge hammerism in this business. (Applause.) The Rev. E. R. Davies moved " That this meeting while regarding with genial satisfaction the proposals for temperance legislature in various forms which are being advanced, expresses its conviction that public opinion throughout the country is ripe on the question of Sun- day closing, and calls upon all friends of the movement to be firm in pressing the demand for a comprehensive measure which will at once extend the blessings of the entire Sunday closing to the whole cot England." Mr. 0. Pickett seconded, and it was heartily carried. A vote of thanks to the Chairman and speakers closed the meeticg.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
ILLNESS OF MR. JOHN BURNS.

The member for Battersea has been laid aside by an illness which threatens to be of a serious character. On Wednesday afternoon, whilst engaged in talking to an official of the vestry in Forthbridge-road, Clapham Com- mon, Mr. John Burns was seized with a sudden illness, and would have fallen to the ground but for the assist- ance of his companion. The hon. member was at once removed to his residence on Lavender-hill, when he was put to bed and medically treated. The precise nature of the disease has not transpired, but it is feared that it is a serious attack of influenza. Mrs. Burns told a reporter on Thursday that her hus- band, feeling unwell on Wednesday, went for a walk across Clapham Common, and was found later lying unconsciously on the ground. It was at first feared that he had been seized with spinal paralysis, but the illness is now believed to be the result of a severe chill. Mrs. Burns added that her husband had overworked himself, and she,should not allow him to leave the house for a week at least. Mr. Burns was slightly better on Thurs- day. db.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DOMESTIC SERVANT PROBLEM.

THE DOMESTIC LAW-GIVER. A case of servants' wages should have come before his Honour Judge Collier at the Liverpool Comity Court on Wednesday morning. The case, however, was settled out of court. It was understood that had the case been heard there would have been some amusing develop- ments, the plaintiff's case including the submission that she was expected to conform to the following rules Any servant who has the good fortune to reside in my house _must comply with the following rules.--By

_ order, Mr. They must be up punctnally at six. have allrneals punctually to time. Must be clean and tidy in their persons, and at their work must not speak unless spoken to. Must not speak at the doors to any of the trades-

people. Must not sing. Mast not wear heavy boots. Must close doors quietly. Must stand meekly while being reproved. Must not answer back. Must be obliging and cheerful. Must be willing to stay in any Sunday or day out when required to, and when asked to do anything to do it quickly and well, and show CO impatience or bad temper, as Mr. -- hates that. Must put up with fault finding and complaining when- ever Mr. __thinks fit to fault find or complain. Mr. -- likes to be called at seven. Takes tea at twenty past seven. Hot towel at twenty to eight, and breakfast at eight prompt, and will have it to the minute, and no nonseuse.—By order, Mr. --

TERRIBLE SCENES IN A RUSSIAN CHURCH. ' CONGREGATION ATTACKED BY COSSACKS. BPIRLIN, Thursday.- A telegram to the " Vossische Zeitung " from Kovno, gives an account of a terrible affair, which is reported to have taken place at Krosche, a small town in the government of Kovno, about thirty miles from the German frontier. The authorities, it is stated, received orders from the Russian Government to close the local Roman Catholic Church, and to prevent this from being done the Roman Catholics assembled in the church and occupied it day and night. Finally, a detachment of troops, led by the Governor, one night forced their way into the building and attacked the occu- pants with drawn swords. Before the building was cleared twenty persons were killed and more than a hun- dred were wounded, The remainder then fled, but were pursued by the Cossacks, and in attempting to escape across a neighbouring river a large number of them were drowned. Some hundreds were taken prisoners, and are to be tried before a court-martial.

The Bed man appears to be in a very bad way, and if reports troin the Dominion are true, future writers Of. backwoods stories will have to invent something more than the plot—they will have to fill in the Indians from imagination, for there will be none left in reality. One Indian town in the northern part of the Province of Quebec has lost every one of its Inhabitants by famine. A MOUNTAIN or CTIEFAH.—Tbs Canadian Mammoth Checse has been shipped by the Dominion Government on board the S.S. Laurentian, of the Allan Line. The American papers state that this gigantic cheese was one of the most attfactive bits at the World's Fair Exhibition Chicago. It weighs something like 24,000 to 25,000 lbs. (nearlv 12 tons), and it has been shipped to Lipton the well-known tea and provision merchant, who will, we nderstand, exhibit It throughout the country.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE POUND

OUT OF EVERY THIRTY 1301

OF TEA

CONSUMED IN GREAT BRITAIN IS SOLD RV

===== 0002601_18931202_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1813.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
\,,,,

K''''l '.,, , :. ,:... . (~.,

===== 0002601_18931202_art0095.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

I

Z*2 4.` ,* •

===== 0002601_18931202_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
_ ,

• •

H.

M. ASHTON'S PECTORAL COUGH LINCTUS, CURES COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS. iATABRII, /sc., kc. Tid. and Is, per bottle. Post Free, la. 3d. To be obtained only at 63, SANKEY-STitEET. (Opposite Legh-st.) WARRINGTON. Qettrto to tne

A DISPUrED see by a letter in last week's paper from J. C. Dalton a va. ,ng statement respecting the late Dean McNeile, of Liverpool. As one who sat under him for many years, I must give a flat contradiction to the statement made. I have a recollection of something taking pia .e respecting a servant who had been tamper- ing with tue master and mistress's children, if not of having one baptised privately by the priest, unknown to the parents, this being related by the Dean—and , once baptised never lost sight of—and he warned mem- bers of the Reformed Catholic Church of England as to the characters of the servants they took into their families. This is the fact of the case, and not the false-1 hood of the Radical papers referred to, if such remarks were made in those papers, which were frequently attacking him,particularly on the education question in the Corvration schools, as to the reading ot the Bible, for the great watchword was scriptural education, a question which caused the late Alderman Robertson Glad- stone to become a Radical during that education contro- versy. The Dean never did attack the Catholic creed -it was the Papal system that heattacked.—l remain yours, AN OLD CHURCHMAN.

-- NR. It. PIERPOINT, M.P., AND THE LOCAL DISTRESS. Sir,— ['he distress in Warrington, during the last 15 weeks or so, has been sad enough to move to pity many true hearted men and women ; on whom the sufforing people have conferred but little public honour compared with that conferred upon Mr. Robert Pierpoint, who kias been made an M.P. But many are finding out that all the cheap talk about being the workingman's friend is like the " barren tree," full of line leaves, alluring the hungry to seek fruit therefrom—but all in vain ! In vain the hungry and starving have looked to find how much Mr. Robert Pierpoint has subscribed to the " Re- lief Fund." Who can tell how much he has given? Baying no family to keep, and some thousands a year to live in, ifl the :present unp ,ralleled distress has only reached his tongue and left his heart unmoved, let the townspeople leave him unhonured in the future. Both political parties are justly much disappointed with him, and will not fail to remind him of the fact that, "Words WI what you should be; deeds what you are." " A friend in need is a friend indeed." Mr. R.P. must take heed !—One on behalf of many, WAITING FOR AN ANSWER.

CHRIST AND THE CATHOLICS. Sir,—As the latter-day champion of Roman Catholic- ism, your correspondent, Mr. J. C. Dalton, endeavours to uphold an inioii•rible religious system by putting his puny opinions against all history, and by drawing upon his imagination for facts. As to Mr. Dalton's argument with Mr. Foulkes, I join with the latter gentleman, inas- much as my reading of history and my travels in Roman Catholic countries had me to the irrisistible conclusion that Roman Catholics will oppress protestants whenever they find their opportunity. But the matter to which I wish to direct the attention of your readers is the ridiculous statement in Mr. J. C. Dalton's letter last week, that the Roman Cotholic reli- gion was made by Christ and the Protestant religion by Luther. If Mr. Dalton cannot produce more reliable statements than this he had better cease to write. I bave sout:ht by every means in my power to acquaint myself with the Roman Catholic Religion, and I unhesi- tatingly say that the Roman Catholic religion as prac- tised now and for hundreds of years back is as much like the religion of Jesus Christ, as revealed in the Bible, as my boot is like one of the statims ot the Cross. There is no referenee in the Bible as to the worship of the Mother of Christ, there is nothing said as to indulgencies for prayer; there is not a word as to the veneration of relics ; there is no mention of auricular confession ; there is nothing said as to priests being a distinct class of the community, as to their having any powers not possessed by any other in- dividuals ; there is no command of celibacy upon the followers of Christ ; nor is there any mention of such a being as the Pope, let alone his having any power from Gcd, not possessed by the meanest of Christ's disciples. Now it was against such doctrines as these, which are advocated even to-day by the Romish Church, that Luther protested. Although a Roman Catholic priest, Luther's study of the Bible led him to see that the Romi,h religion was not the religion established by Jesus Christ, and having vainly attempted to reform the in- iquities perpetrated by the Catholic Church, he left it, and inaugurated the glorious reformation. But to say that Luther established the Protestant religion is simply ridiculous. The Protestant religion—the religion that condemns all the miserable subterfuges that Luther felt Called upon to condemn ; the religion that" protests" against all forms of idolatory, and against any and every system of oppression, was established by the bible, and the bible was certainly not made by Luther. All he did—and his was gloriously successful—was to go to the Bible for his religion, as expounded by Jesus Christ himself, makes every disciple, when confronted with such arrogant systems as Roman Catholicism, what Luther was himself.

"POLEMICAL AMENITIES."

===== 0002601_18931202_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IMPLETE WITHOUT

===== 0002601_18931202_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
BROCAIIO

ROWATT'S LAMPS

" MARVEL " 40 to 1 0 Candle-Power. irEna _ _ _

43 to 100 Candle-Power.

" SURPRISE " y 30 Gind;e-Power. '

"_LORNE,"

15 to 25 c-p. (chlmne;leaa): SPLIT-WICK •ANUCAPNIC' 12 to 22 c-p.(chlmneyless). Our Lsnips are the moot Beoram- leal, Bert k &West Manned. INSIST ON STAVING A ROWATT'S LAMP. A New Pateat :atetr Auto- rnatiA Extingui.lier Duplex Lamp.

:ATENT RO'IVATT'a LAMP RS above HURRICANE LANTERN insures Immunise of danger from lire should the lamp by With estent wiadguant Hal,. any meeng get upset. as &- Must Perfect Out. Door Lamp mAcle, TE`Ctly Ihe Lamp Is at ao angle the Automatic hail gni her Do not use any otker, ts, and out goes the light. P,eleare of Imitationn. Retail from fronmongers,&c.

BLAIR'S GOUT, MI hUMATISM, LUMBAGO, NEURALGIA, SCIATICA,

The G 0 I'lll° tn. us ct KPi to ly relieved and mod hi a few days by those celebrated Pills, well known as the Great Remedy for the nhnve rom plaints, hum Safe, and Effectual. FOLD IIY ALL CHICSIISTIi at Is. lid. and 2s. Dd. per box. I ILL&

T?dPORTANT IN Vll N TION for the married, harvilePit and certain. 4 stamps for sample.-4. ANDREW. 51, Perth- road, Lond ,u,

ARRIND LADY'S Price List of Correctives and Pre- LVJ with valuable lie ipes, free for Stamped Address.—Mr. ULU, Elder Grove, Shrffield.

A ItISTOTLR'S WORKS, with plates 352 pages, 30 stamps. 11 "Parts by night, or Gay Life in Paris" ; illustrated 30 stamps.—Post free IL BOWYER. 27, heushaw-st., Liverpool

MARRIED LADIES.—INFORMATION OF PRICELESS VALUE(FE E).—Send at once stamped envelope to Mrs. L., 4, Bradley-et., Sheffield. (Pie $!. name this paper.)

EXCHANOR for StAmped Hnvelope for partloulars. Mar- ried Lady ha i a most vs wtble harmless recipe ler ladiel.-11rs. BAYLEY, Brosd-st.. Nottingham.

rrOWLE'li PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS fel 1 Females, quickly correct all Irregularities, remove all obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptoms so preva- lent with the sex. Boxes is. lid. and 21. 9d. of all chemists sent anywhere on reoelpt of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker, B. T. To WU!, Chemist, Nottinglutm.

ONE BOX OF CLARK ES' B 41 PILLS is wat. ranted to cure all discharge* from the Urinary Organs. In either sex (acquired or constltutiooal), Gravel. and Pains in the back. Guaranteed free frorn Mercury. Bold In Boxes, 4s. Bd. each, by all Chemists and Psteht, Medicine Vendors throughout the World ; or sent to any ad.iress for sixty stamps by the Makers, The LINC9LN ',ND Damian) Cotflermi Daus ComvaNy. Lincoln. Wi.olesale Agents; BARCLAY & ONC. London. and all the Wholesale Houses.

oRIAL NoFoRTE Tiu-ToR, 5/ NET, 250 PAGES (1•„11 Music Size). epuPictorial Tutor ive Prospectus The most re- nso POST Contains 70 Illustrations published at Net p sent PoDelskcePet on application markable & cheapest and over aso Songs. ip being Price, it cannot be obtained of to " Magazine of Music. Office. book ever publithed. The FREE Dances, Carob Anthems any bozik or 20, Ludgate Hill. Loudon, IC C. Planctorte simplified. and Hymn Tams.

Iseller under 5s

===== 0002601_18931202_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTABLISHED 1851.

BIRKBECK BANK,

Southampton Buildings. Chancery Lane, London. TWO-ANDA-HALP per CENT. INTEREST allowed on DEPOSITS. repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, on the minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below RIOS. STOCKS, SHARES. and AININCITnis purchased and sold VINGS DEPARTMENT.

For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small Bora on deposit, and allow Interest monthly ou each completed £1

BIREBECE. BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE POR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH.

BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PUNCHASH A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PRE MONTH.

The BIELIKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars. poet free FRANCIS IiA.VRNSCROFT. Manager. To

===== 0002601_18931202_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
CO OHS

ep,LSAM Op

..s 1,4,, --'l'‘.%.- '`\\')\`-•' 4.44 0 0,.. -Ns, - --2., .- *A: ..-.0.,. --.. b•!. ,1 k :/...i 6-e,,".11,f0r gir,r-", :• ; ' N' fi ...la, it...-1.,"1.$ ./ •- , ',, : ---: ~ ~„. 1,040,,, 4, •_. 1 ~,,, ~ ~,,,,,,,, 4 I ....,„,3,:... -nt,/,--•pr :..)!, ,',. .: ''' "..-- „itier" .1 • /41 . • 1••• 'II-el '- --- 'AD E M

===== 0002601_18931202_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
E 9 Pr ~ , III!- 4, ,li. ,4 ~, .k. • -,

Or 7.1 ri.,f ;

For ASTUIA, BRONCHITISO NIGHT COUC:I, INFLUENZA, HOARSENESS, AND ALL LUNG TROUBLES. SAFE AND RELIABLE.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
Established 70 Years.

Bee Trade Mark on Wrappers. Beware of Imitations. SOLD BY CHEMISTS EVERYWHERE. In Bottles. I/li. 20, 4.4, and 111.

• I t.t ' I ) ra I 11 I. • ' RowArre • lit)l2 DON '

===== 0002601_18931202_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
A DISSENTER.

Sir,—One i; aßvsys glad to weLcome--a—peaaemaker , especially if he is sincere. But does it not strike our friend, Mr. Peers, that it is just a little inconsistent to appear to deprecate " Polemical Amenities," and at the Same time to head his deprecating letter by telling Mr. Foulkes and myself that " we bite our thumbs, and we know not why." 'rhen, sir, our oracle goes on to lecture us about " riding the car of logic," &c., and then as an example of his logical acumen, he says "when one is in the mud the other is in the mire." And, to back this up, he says, " they are both right—especially Mr. Foulkes," then he represents Mr. Foulkes "as being in the mire." This reminds me of the saying—" One man is as gcod as another, and a good sight better." So much for the logic of our " Codlin's the friend not Short" peace- maker. Mr. Peers was not able to show his peacemaking powers, without at the same time showing his teeth. First of all he asserts as an historical truth—" an undoubted fact,' he calls it—that the Catholic Church has persecute,l Protestants. Well, Tam only one person, but I will take the liberty of contesting this ass.ertion, which is not" an undoubted tact at all," so far as this . . .

_ discussion is concerned, till it is so proved on independ- ent historical evidence. But I would beg to be permitted to point out to Mr. Peers that this was not the question originally introduced by ma. I have never contended that Catholics have not persecuted Protestants. I readily admit it and deplore it, and condemn it, as wicked, and most repulsive, to every Catholic worthy of the name, and also that the Catholic church never advocated per- secution, but disclaimed the power to persecute. I hope Mr. Peers will see the difference which I am anxious to press home. It is illogical to maintain that, because Catholics have persecuted Protestants, it follows as a necessary conclusion drawn from this fact, that persecu- tion is a tenet of the Catholic religion. For if this wore true of the Catholic religion, it is also true of the Pro- testant religion, inasmuch as it was everywhere estab- lished by persecution. Again, everyone of the Reformers wrote books in defence of persecution. On the contrary, our Canon law stands now as it did in ancient times, and prohibits the conferring of orders on any person guilty of murder, or in any way contributing to the tak- ing away of lite. and in every case where sanguinary punishments have been inflicted for heresy it was the civil authortity which passed sentence and inflicted punishment, and the Catholic church obliged the eccles- iastical judge to plead to the civil pawer for pardon of the culprit. But my purpose in writing you at the present time was more of the present, than the past. .1 am inclined to believe that all persons should endeavour to promote universal toleration, and that no one should suffer any civil disabilities on account of his religious belief. Mr. Peers has shown us in a most unmistakeable way which way the wind blows, by asserting in the most confident way the toleration of Rationalism. Well, now, what about the toleration of Rationalism during the fearful revolution in France? We have just passed the centen- ary of the horrible profanation of the churches of Notre Dame and Salsa Germain des Pres,Paris, which occurred on the 10th of November, 1793. On that day the worship of the Goddess Reason was officially established in the capital, and a frenzied mob escorted with sacrilegious songs and cries to the cathedral, the courtesan who had consented to play the impious part of the revolutionary drama. On that day they enthroned this miserable creature on the very high altar, and two days afterwards the abbey of Saint Germain des Pres was entered and sacked. Ths reliquaries of the Saints were broken in pieces, and the relics of St. Germain and St. Maur pro- faned and destroyed. Nearly all the churches of Paris were subjected to the same fate: and the following day mock processions were organised in most of the quar- ters of Paris. A large number of men and women dressed themselves up in the sacerdotal vestments found in the pillagtd sacristies. In these costumes, and to the chant of the " Carnagnole," varied with grotesque litanies, they carried to the "Convention," and thence to the Mint, all the prc;ious metal seized from ' the " treasuries "of the churches in order to melt them. But enough of this Mr. Peers was ill-advised to write you of " the restraining power of rationalism," with which, says Mr. Peers, " the church of England is shot through and through." To repeat this gentleman again (slightly altered), I would not trust the liberty of a dog to such tryants as the Rationalists, who cry out very loudly for liberty for themselves—but when they eet the power they curtail the liberty of their subjects in such a way that they harass and persecute them in a most shameful manner. No, if condemnation be impartially dealt out, Rationalism will make a very poor show.— Yours, &C. Warrington, 25th N0y.,1893.

.1. C. DALTON.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
MONK-STREET AND GOULDEN-SirREET.

Sir,—l noticed a letter in your issue of a fortnight ago, from a " Property Owner" of Monk-street. com- plaining of the proposal of Councillor Plumpton,to have the above-named streets paved and sewered ; and alleg- ing that they did not require it. Now, Sir, I would venture to say, that anyone paying the above-named streets a visit during the wet period we are now hay- ing would find ample reason for this desire of the resi- dents to have the streets dealt with by the " Paving acd Sewerage Committee." I may say, that I have spoken to my landlord about the matter, and he ex- pressed himself as perfectly willing that the streets should be done. Other owners of property in the streets named have concurred with me in the same desire and need, and I believe I express the desire of the majority of the residents of these streets, in urging the Council to have the work proceeded with at once.—Yours, &0., A RESIDENT. Warrington, Nov. 29th, 1893.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY.

Sir,--The action of the Committee of the Musical Society in electing to give their concert on the 12, Is last in the Drill Hall, has,l understand, not met with unquali- fied approval. I feel that it is to the interest of the , Society, and due to its friends and supporters, to offer as full an explanation as possible thro ugh the medium of your paper, of the Causes compelling the Society to accept the Hall, kindly placed at its disposal by the Colonel and officers of the Volunteer Corps. The Committee has not decided upon giving the con- cert in the hall in question (which, as it stands, is undoubtedly unsuitable) without full consideration of the difficulties entailed, but, there being nc proper COE- cert room or public hall in Warrington, have, as a mat- ter of fact, taken the only place which is available and can be made suitable. The question has been asked : Why not rather go to the Gymnasium ? Acting upon such suggestion the Committee applied for the use of that room but it was declined by the Gymnasium Corn- mittee.

With a view to economising finances the committee propose only two concerts this season—the first of which (on next Tuesday week) is to be given in conjunction with the Runcorn Musical Society provided a room is available in which a platform can be placed capable of holding the enlarged chorus and orchestra. The fees of the principal vocalists and the few profes- sional instrumentalists needed are at a somewhat reduced rate for the two consecutive performances at Warrington and Runcorn, and a saving of money is made by both societies. But this necessitates a room in which a plat- form to hold 250 performers and upwards can be con- structed, and the remaining space for accommodation for the audience would be very small in any room that I know of in Warrington, even were there a chance of securing another, understand that the one principal ground of complaint against the Drill Hall is the absence of any heatin,, apparatus. I can only add that this, too, has been taken into consideration, and a special executive committee of stewards appointed to , make arrangements which are being carried out, and which, I hope, will be successful in rendering the hall comfortably warm. The Musical Society cannot afford to overlook the comfort of its audience (when it gets one) and every effort is being made that can be, to secure warmth and convenience to persons attending the per- formance of " Samson " in the Drill Hall on the 12th of this month. I sincerely trust this letter may explain that the so- ciety is making the best of " Hobson's choice," and hope its friends of past seasons will consider the difficulties under which it labours and—remembering the good work I claim it has done and is still doing,will not fail to continue and increase the support they have extended to it previously, now when it so much needs it. I am, yours faithfully, W. E. ATKIN, Hon. Sec.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
Arpley Uue, Bold-st., December Ist, 1893.

THE ETHICS OF INTIMMkTION.

... Sir,—Mr.A.:Brouchemite, to use an Irishism, has " the makings "ot a good ranting demagogue in him. His arguments are adapted to the tastes and understanding, or the want of it, of the gallery. He has a vagrant mind, and will talk of anything except the point in debate— that he will carefully avoid. His last paragraph is very characteristic. I, and Cymro, " are to have a rest and talk to—the parsons and ministers." I have a grammati- cal difficulty in knowing who it is must's talk to their reverences.' I presume it is "AR., as be has now set- tled the vexed question of intimidation by going round it. With Mr. B. this is a question of interest—the in- terest of one section of working-men for whose benefit the eternal principles of justice and equity are to be trampled under foot. In the interest of the working-man himself it cannot be too often reiterated that the right of every man to sell his labour in the best market, and at the best price possible, must ever be rigorously enforced and upheld. Side by side. with this dictum must go the maxim that no interference must be offered to prevent others doing the same. Upon our statute book we have laws to enforc this salutary restraint. But Mr. B. says " the lawyers made Ole laws." Very good ; I care not who made them; my only care is to find them good. I a.n strongly of the opinion that it is in the permanent inter List of no one to be imbued with the Jesuitical idea that it is right to do evil for the apparent benefit of ourselves—of the cause we are advocating. I don't wish to be misunderstood. I am neither an advocate nor an enemy of masters or of miners or simply an observer of the manners and morals of my fellow actors on the stage of life. It may suit the purposes of Mr. Brouchemite and his moonstruck collaborator to misrepresent their opponent, and say he is adverse to the miners getting a fair remuneration for work done. Just the reverse of this is true. Would that every worker could accomplish this happy result—and they might. The talisman for this is combination,sobriety, and thrift. No, Ido not object to the miners getting a living wage, but I do most emphatically object to see other working-men being starved to effect this. I object to see the chemical workers of Widnes marching daily to Prescot Workhouse,some eight miles out and home,V) work for a pitiful Bd. to keep body and soul together ! I object to this and the many ether pitiful sights to be seen as a consequence of this disastrous strife. It will be a bad day for England when she accepts the precept that you may do evil in order that good may come (to your- self.) Anarchy and bomb throwing among innxent persons is the outcome of the doctrines of Mr. B. and his fanatical friend. _ . _

Both Anarchist and the Miners Federation plead that the evil means they use are the only ones they have. This may be so. Personally I disclaim the " right "to injure my neighbour in order to benefit myself. And I do not think any other person, or combination of per- sons possess the " right " which I disclaim.—Yours truly,

===== 0002601_18931202_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN PEERS.

HOME RULE AND THE PROTESTANT MIINORITY.

Sir,—As in my former letter I proved Mr. Dalton to have written inaccuracies, I propose p.)inting out a few more in his letter of last Saturday. He says: Catholic (Papal) nations do not now persecute any one for con- science sake.' This is not true. I take Spain. Mr. D., or your readers, are unable to deny that this i a Romish priest down-trodden nation. Wrli, sir, this very year (on June second) at 01st, a Protestant missions ry,Alex. Lopez Rodriquez was, by the judge of Gerona, con- demned to imprisonment, his offence being • fir writing an arti,,le stating that the wafer is not the body of Christ, and should not,therefore,be worshipped as such.' What value is to he put on Mr. D's assertions without proof? Again, Professor Mivart, a Romanist, has re- cently placed his thoughts in a book ' The Happiness of Hell,' and that book is placed on the index of Prohibited Books. Archbishop Kenrick of St. Louis, Mo., who fought against the decree of the infallibility of the Pope, has been deposed from the Romish Church—see 'English Churchmen' of 2nd inst. Sir Robert Peel took up the case of the Spaniard,M.Matamoras,who was imprisoned in Granada in January, 1861, for conscience sake—see his life by W. Green, published by Morgan and Chase, London, page 29. IVe have just had a good object lesson of what Home Rule might be, at the scene at a Board of Guardians at Tulla, Ireland, over the election of a medical officer, when at the head of the table a • local character' sang popular songs for an hour and a half. 'f he chairman could not maintain , rder, although lforty police were at his command, fie did not dare Ito use his authority (see Liverpool • Courier' of 22nd llost.). Professor T. Maguire, of T.C.D.,an Irish Roman Catholic, says Home Rule means the boycotting and massacre of the loyalists.' An Irish paper 'The Catholic Progress' (1) says :—"l'he woes of Ireland are all due to one single cause—the existence of Protestantism in Ire- land. The remedy can only be found in the removal (!) of that which caused the evil, which still remains' (see Shall the 103a1 be deserted?' by Rev. W. Arthur). Does this look like tolerance? Mr. D. does not ciesire to fol- low me. Why? Because he knows I am stating the truth, ' The lip of truth shall be establish( d for ever : but a lying tongue is but for a moment.' Mr. D. says the Catholic (Roman) religion was made by Christ. This is an untruth, for the creed of Pope Pius IV. only Faw daylight in 1564. I challenge him to produce any ons of the Twelve Articles from the New Testament, for the simple reason the unanimous consent of the fathers is not In existence. As a man I demand from. Mr. Dalton an apology for his attempt to vilify my character as to the remark I made about Cardinal Wiseman's oath. The do- eument was inspected by three men of irreproachable character, viz., Dr. John Cumming, Sir J. He.an Max— well, and Admiral Vernon Flarcourt, and on page 88 (Paris edition, 1664) of the Pontifical then submitted by order of Cardinal Wiseman, the clause was found. Now, Mr. D., if you are an honourable controversialist, you must either withdraw or pay a fee to the Warrington Infirmary. You ask me to get proof of your bare assertion, re Hugh McNeile, late Dean of Ripon. I will give you a little of his medicine, preached in St. Andrew's Church, Liverpool, on January 27, 1836 :—' Undoubtedly, in- stances of persecution by Protestants may be cited, but they. were acts in defence of, not in accordance with, the acknowledged principles of the men who committed them. They were the lingering leaven of tht ir Popish education: the last vibrations of a pendulum which their newly-acquired Protestant principles had not yet been able to arrest. But what Protestants,we ask, arepledged

to persecute? What Protestants are bound by oatli,t) a creed which fastens upon them such principles as those decreed by the Council of Lateran?' On another occa- sion he said the Romish apostacy was 'Politically tyran- nical, ecclesiastically schismatical, theologically hereti- cal, and socially immoral.' Leo XIII. placed, in 1887, Ruin Lasseri's four gospels in the prohibited list of forbidden books, although he gave it his approval the year previous. Does not this leok like persecution,even to Papists? The Zillar Thais in Austria, were banished in 1852 on account of embrac- ing Protestantism—Yours truly, Frodsham, November 28th, 189ROBERT FOULKES. 3.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAN, DECEMBER 2, 1893.

NOTES ON

GAMES AND

ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

The elements do not appear to have been looking down upon local football with much favour lately. Many of the local junior teams, the members of which have per- haps not been taking lessons in swimming, have had to take a rest until their fields are a little leas suitable for aquatic performances, and more serviceable for exposi- tions of the game.

Despite this gloomy glumness of the elements, how- ever, the supporters of our senior club did not show any abatement in their enthusiasm on Saturday. They assembled in very strong force to witness the perform- ance with Moseley, and apparently they treated with majestic contempt the roar of the boisterous wind, the patter of the pelting rain, and the invisible antics of that detestable influenza microbe, which is said to be working overtime among us. In return they were rewarded by seeing both teams work their hardest with- out even scoring a try. The game itself was not particu- larly edifying from a scientific point of view, but it was very, very, lively. It was a game played between the forwards, and if it did not result in any scoring, it resulted in making the spectators laugh considerably, and become not a little excited. The two Bates and Jolley were of course away helping the county team. Boscow, however, made his appearance again at full back, and was heartily welcomed back to his old place of honour.

The visiting custodian, Byrne, was in capital cornii- tion, and the only close escapes which Warrington had of being scored against, were the outcome of brilliant efforts made by Byrne. Boscow showed up very well in comparison, but of course he was kept pretty well idle as there was no back play. Moseley men introduced an element of vigour which bordered very muck on rough- ness, but they were successfully checkmated in this direction by Donohue, Berry, and Hampson. Towards the close, play became very quiet, and the only exciting incident which occurred was a desperate attempt made by the old international, Rogers, to kick a goal for I Moseley. against a strong wind, when he was only ten yards from his own team's goal posts.

The match of the day, was of course, that between Lancashire and Yorkshire. Those who saw it were simply enthusiastic in their commendation of the be- haviour or the two Bates and Jolley. Although the d nighty Tykes claimed victory for their own, they did not confiscate all the credit. The Bates, so long as they received fair support, were admitted to be more than equal to the opposing half-backs, and their smart and dexterous combination was quite a source of surprise to the spectators. Lancashire's only try was the outcome of their efforts. John Bate took up his old position near the scrimmages and was ever on the alert to pass on the oval to Bro. "Smack," who was always in waiting near an open course. Jolley made another great impression, both on the public and on the county officials. For the work he did everyone voted him a "jolly good fellow," and I a:n confidently informed—l had it from two con- temporaries—that his chances fcr Northern honours are particularly bright.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GYMNASIUM.

Matters have been a trifle quiet for some time at the institution in Palmyra Square. However, I am in a position to state that providing epidemics and such like intruders keep away from the town during tie coming season, we shall hear more from the home of the gymnasts. The adult classes, both male and female,are very strong now, but I regret to say that the juniors are not turning up very well.

By the way, the building has been most 'artistically renovated—and what is better, time bare, blank, chilly looking walls have at last been painted and decorated. The work has been most generously done gratis by Mr. John Hesketh, in whom the institution has a capital friend and patron. lam glad this renovation has been carried out, because, as everyone must admit, it will have a beneficial influence on the " displays," if any are given during the coming season. I suppose this subj,-.ct of entertainment, is a sort of " bone of contention " among the Committee. It is said that public displays are being objected to by some of them. I only hope this is untrue and that no such foolish idea has got abroad among the Committee.

Of course the institution is going to make acother at- tempt to secure the N. P. 11.8. 100 guineas shieH. The "eight" have not been completely selected. J.Podmore, J. E. Warren, G. Vernon, A. Vernon, J. Mottram, F. Bennion, and A. Dickens, have been selected again. This leaves one vacancy which will be filled up by either Joseph Vernon, G. Whitehouse, or G. Clay.

The exercises to be gone through in the competition are: vaulting, jumping and rope climbing. This la a sec- tion which has pot met with any approval at the hands of true gymnasts. Neither of the three exercises brings into play the capacities of a thoroughly skilled athlete. I think, however, it is a selection which will not hold good in many more competitions. However, from what I can gather, Mr. J. Kinsley, is energetic and painstak- ing director of the " Gym," s training his men with so much trouble that they are sure to make a high bid for the " trophy."

===== 0002601_18931202_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
ANTECEDENTS.

Our sketch this week is of one upon whom a consider- able amount of attention has latterly been concentrated, especiallyin connection with Lancashire county matches. It is the speedy and brilliant forward, " Jim " Jolley. Ile is another old member of that defunct Padgate team which served as a training institution for most of our present day local football celebrities. Upon the amalga- mation of Padgate with Warrington, in 1881 Mr. Jolley of course adopted the jersey of the latter. At first ho was relegated to the" A" team, but after a few weeks play his sterling qualities as a player had made their mark, and he was placed in the first team, in which he has figured up to the present time. His place in the team was at three-quarter back, and this place he retained until about four years ago,when he became a "forward." Upon his performances with the Warrington team it is not necessary to dilate as they are sufficiently well- known to spectators of the wikter pastime on the Wilder- spool enclosure. Jolley's brilliant performonce against Wakefield Trinity in 1889, will be remembered still by many. Warrington had always suffered &feat from the Yorkshiremen but on this occasion Warrington were determined to win, and they did so, for in the last few minutes of the game Jolley droeped a goal which was the winning point. He also distinguished himself at Dewsbury-, and Halifax.

County honours may be said to have been showered on Jolley during the last three seasons, and it is some- thing to be able to say that he has played for the county oftener other than any other Warrington player. During his three seasons play in the county, Jolley has played against almost every county team, in- cluding Yorkshire, Cheshire, Durham, Westmoreland, Cumberland. Glamorganshire,Devonshire,Somersetshire, and a,,ainst Cambridge University. This in no way comprises all his important and distinguished engage- ments out of Warrington. About six years since he played three-quarter back for West Lancashire against Westmoreland. It should also be stated that he has played twice in the "Stripes v.Whites" matches. His position in the County team has always been in the forwards, and at Bradford in the match last Saturday against Yerkshire, spectators are said by the " Athletic News " to have been continually asking " whoever that energetic, bald- headed chap was," thus showing that his play was very prominent as well as the place where his curls ought to be.

There is good reason to believe that Jolley will be chosen for the Lancashire v. Cheshire match, and rum- our has it that he is likely to be selected to-day for the North te.im against the South. If this is so, and I shall be surprised if it isn't, it will be another feather in the cap of the Warrington team, for it will be the first instance in which a Warrington player has been chosen for such an important match. That the Warrington Football Club is proud of such a player may be best judged by the fact that he was recently presented with a valuable silver cup. It bears the following inscription " 1892-3—Presented by Mr. Percy Davies, president of the Warrington Football Club to James Jolley, in hon- our of his playing for Lancashire County and of his consistent play for his club."

Nor does " Jim's " laurels end as a football player. He has in his possession a considerable number of prizes, many being of the silversmith's art, being the rewards for his skill as a runner, billiard player, and bowler. They have been won in and around Warrington. As a runner at 220 yards, he has won many cups and other prizes, and in billiards and bowls he is a noted player.

At St. Ilelens on Saturday, Mr. Brighouse held in- quests on the body of William Brown, killed by a fall of a roof in Whitecross Colliery on Friday ; on the body of James Finnigan, an old man, who was blown down by the gale on the previous Saturday, and died from in- jury to the skull in the hospital ; and on the body of Bridget Brady, the illegitimate daughter of A widow living in Mount-street, who was fatally sealdid by fal- ling from a chair to the grate, and knocking a kettle of boiling water over her. Verdicts of " Accidental I death" were returned.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
TUE San) CANAL FLOOD. A MAN DIT6WNED.

The high winds and heavy rains of last week had ata unfortunate effect upon the ship canal, on Saturday. The Mersey becoming swollen, burst, its banks in two places, and, its surplus waters finding their way into the ship canal, soon aug- mented the few feet of water then in the channel to an overflow. The rumour of this, found its way t 3 Warrington in an exaggerated form on Sunday morning. Tie result was, that during the afternoon and evening hundreds of spectators flocked to Latchford and S'oekton Heath to wit- ness the flood. It was then seen that the sandy portion of the banks, above the ordinary water line, had been in many places swept away by the rushing current. The company's officials were, however, everywhere actively engaged avert- ing possible damter from weak points. And, al- though damage was done, it was not so serious as was at first supposed, . _ .

The waters entered the canal through the Irwell at ' M4nchester and at the Mersey at Irlam, where they ' poured in a vast volume into the channel and rushed towards the sea. This commenced on Saturday . morning. All day the water continued to pour in until ' at length, by mid-day, there was more than a depth of ' 26 feet of water. And this was where the serious part of the misfortune commenced. So powerful was the rush of water as its vast volume swirled seawards, that it soon became necessary to open the sluice gates at Latchford and allow it to enter the length between that place and Runcorn. Near the latter place the length was dammed off from the opened length from Eastbam, by a large hank of earth. Hard by are another set of sluice gates,which unfortunately were not quite finished. Con- sequently where the water was admitted at Latchford it soon rose in this long basin until towards evening it was seen that ualess an abatement took place the increasing weight of water at the dam end would have serious re- sults. No abatement occurred. Had the sluice gates been completed the water could have flowed harm- lessly through them into the river and simply left in the canal the necessary 26 feet of water. But as it was, the flood from Irlarn continued, and the banks all along the waterway commenced to overflow. The water had risen to a great height. And now the over burdened enci by the dam began to fail. The canal at Handles Creek is separated from the Mersey by only a thin neck of land. This was burst with the terrible force of water, at a late hour on Saturday night,and the surfeited canal began to tumble its surplus water headlong into the turbid current of the Mersey, which was swollen by a high fresh. The breach caused was 50 yards long and 20 yards wide. All the next day water found an easy egress here, and soon the channel was at the requisite depth of 26 feet. By this time the engineers had commenced to fill the breach with earth and rock, a task which was completed by Tuesday. This, however, was not the only damage done in the neighbourhood, a temporary bridge at Acton Grange,known as" Rob's " Bridge was also swept away and completely wrecked. However, this was shortly to be demolished. The overflow of the banks also flooded many acres of meadow land, whilst the people who live in the huts at Moore, rose on Sunday morning to find themselves inhabiting a small island, with no means of access to the mainland. This was accompanied by the loss of a life Four men endeavoured to leave the huts on a raft,when the planks which had been unsecurely made fast, separated, and the four men were plunged into the water. Three of them succeeded in reaching a place of safety, hut the other, Thomas Hewitt, 26, was drowned. It was also rumoured that the coal shipping wharf, at Warrington, belonging to Messrs. Evans and Co. had been wrecked. This, however, was found to be untrue. A little damage had been done to the work, but it was nothing of a serious character. , An " Examiner " reporter,upon making investigations , on Monday, learned from several engineers that the damage done was very small indeed,and had been much overstated. The accident was one which cannot happen again. Indeed, had it not been for the dam at Runcorn , no flood would have occurred,tor the water would have been allowed to flow out at the Eastham lock gates. The reporter approached the breach opposite Fidler's Ferry by the river. The filling up of the rent was then going on rapidly. But it was very obvious that the accident , might have been mare serious. The" lay" of the canal , here is below the level of the river, and the ground which divides it from the river is of a soft,peaty nature. Upon this a huge bank of soil had been tip.,ed, and its weight had already dislodged the solidity of the peat,and , swollen it out some yards into the river bed. Therefore, had the masonry at the sides of the canal in this loca-

lity not been laid with the utmost care, it is very possible the catastrophe would have been infinitely worse.

AN EXCITING ADVEN MEE.

_ The temporary bodge which was erected as a substi- tute for Tom Paine's Bridge, on the Chester road, near Stockton Heath, was considerably damaged, and was rendered so unsafe that its demolition was commenced on Sunday. A well known stall holder in the Warring- ton market, named Mrs. Massey, met with a startling adventure in crossing this bridge at midnight on Satur- day. She was driving h. me accompanied by her family. None of the party had heard of the hod. Consequenty when, upon reaching the centre of the bridge they were unpleasantly surprised to feel the structure swinging and groaning,and at hearing the water rushing with a hoarse roar only a few feet beneath them. However, the party reached the other side in safety, although it is quite possible that had they been an hour later another and more serious result might have attended the adven- ture.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
TEIE RAFT FATALITY.

- An inquest was held at the Red Lion, Moore, before Mr. Dobson, deputy coroner, on Tuesday afternoon, on the body of Thomas Hewitt, who was drowned near Bob's Bridge, on Sunday during the flood in the Canal. Thomas Hewitt, Connah's Quay, labourer, identified the body of the deceased as that of his son Thomas, who was a labourer on the Ship Canal. He had been at Moore seven or eight months, and was 24 years of age. John Mitchell, living at the Ship Canal huts, Moore,and employed as a foreman on the canal, said that deceased lodelicl with him. About half-past eight on Sunday morn- ing he made a raft to fetch two men who had been on the other side of Moss-lane since two o'clock in the morn- ing. He and a man made the raft, which was composed of planks nailed together with six-inch spik s. They did not reach the men they wanted to rescue. After going a little way the water got on one end of the rat t and three of the four men who were on it slipped off into the flood. Deceased was one of the three. 'the raft drifted away, carrying the fourth man with it. One of the men got out himself, and another was rescued by witness and others holding a long pole out to him. They could not reach deceased, and none of them could swim. He gradually sank, and . his body was recovered at twelve o'clock. Ihe accident happened eight minutes after the men got on the raft. The fourth man afttrwards got to the side. This con- cluded the evidence, and the jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death."

===== 0002601_18931202_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
OFFICIAL REPORT,

The Ship Canal Company suppliad the following account of the disaster :—" The Ship Canal is now full of water from end to end. The depth of water in the section from Latchford to Runcorn, nearly eight miles in length, on Saturday was 14ft. The heavy rain on Saturday enabled the full depth of 26ft. to be obtained by Sunday morn- ing, but as the Mersey contiaued to rise rapidly the canal level rose 14ft. higher than required. The canal had been constructed to allow of a rise of tide in exc ss of its orlinary depth, but this large extra rise caused some grass meadows near Moore to he overflowed. The sluices at Mode Wheel, Barton, and Irwell,passed off the fiord easily without a comparatively small rise, but the Latchford sluices could not be kept open after the canal was tilled, as the dam at Runcorn had not been removed. The dam was required to keep the canal full from Eastham to Runcorn, and could not be taken away until the canal was full. On Sunday morning,under the super- intendence of Mr.E Leader Williams, chief engineer, mad Mr. H. Abernethy, resident engineer, the dam was cut through, and the great volume of extra water in the canal allowed to flow through the tidal opening at Run- con, into the river Mersey, leaving the canal at its proper depth. The only damage d.ne by the flood is to the soil on some portions of the slopes, and to a tempor- ary bridge, known as Tern Paine's Bridge, Wildersponl. This bridge was to have been removed shortly, as the permanent swing bridge is now completed, and the road traffic diverted over it. The temporary bridge was con- sidered unsafe to be used after the flood, and is now being taken down. The dams at Latchford and Runcorn will be dredged out, and the flood waters will then pass through the Latchford sluices along the canal to the Mersey at Runcorn without any exceptional rise, as the existing river's channel through Warrington, which has been the only outlet for floods, will be available as here- tofore."

A CONTRADICTION. The following telegram has been received from Mr. Grimk6 Drayton, the managing director of Richard Evans and Co., Limited, Haydoek, concerning the damage done to their coal shipping lay-by at Warring- ton. He save :—" I have just returned from the lay-by and find that, practically speaking, no serious damage has been done. The lay-by itself is completed, and the rest of the work will be finished quitP as soon as we ex- pected, and we shall be able tl load coals into vessels on the opening of the canal, or, if necessary, before that date."

===== 0002601_18931202_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN.

On Saturday there was a depth of about 15 feet in the Ship Canal above the dam at Old Quay, Runcorn. It was not expected that the required depth of 26 feet would be attained until Wednesday or Thursday. Those who visited the place on Sunday morning were surprised to find thirty feet of water in the cutting and still rapidly rising. At one o'clock there was a depth of about 43 feet, and fears were entertained that this unexpected and extraordinary weight of water might break down the dam. It was therefore determined to make a breach in the obstruction and relieve the pressure. The water was now everflowing the banks of the Canal at Wigg's works. A signalman's box was washed down, and the watchman's house was flooded. A portion of the soft soillembankrnent above the works gave way and the

water flooded the marsh. A breach about four feet wide I was made in the dam to the level of the water, and soon the water was rushing over like a cataract. In about half-an-hour the water had cleared an opening 20 feet wide and went splashing and dashing down the lower stretch of the Canal like a mill race. A portion of the river embankment was dislodged, and some waggons, loaded with stone which were standing on the weir, were overturned and the stones scattered. A num- ber of flats were moored alongside the Canal, about 200 yards below, and fears were at one time enter- tained for their safety, but the moorings held good. By half-past four only about a quarter of the dam remained and the water had subsided so rapidly that it would not be more than 29 or 30 feet in depth. It was then seen that the embanlsments had stood the strain remarkably well. The face of one part of the embank- ment, just above the turn bridge, is the natural red sandstone rock, and this was scarred and worn by the scouring action of the water. Of course this portion was expected to be always above high water mark. The weir above Widnes Lock was of great advantage in carrying off the rushing water into the river.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
INSPECTION BY THE ENGINEERS.

On Wednesday, an inspection of the canal between Warrington and Runcorn was made by the directors, who were accompanied by Mr. Leader Williams, chief engineer, Mr.Abernethy,engineer of the section, and Mr. Jones, the agent of the Runcorn length. Some of the party traversed the distance on the overland route from Tom Pains's bridge, whilst the remainder got aboard the Ashton, one of the Canal steamers, at Twenty-step Bridge, and sailed as far as the Runcorn Docks, without coming across any obstacle. The various places at which damage had been done by the floods were carefully in- spected. It was found that the breach at Randle's Creek had been closed, and the repairs fully conapleted. The gap in the Old Quay bank, which proved to be 71t. above the ordinary water level, was being filled in. The directors, after the carrful inspection, expressed surpisle at the comparatively little damage caused under such extraordinary circumstances as those prevailing during Saturday night and Sunday. They were delighted to find that the works had so satisfactorily withstood such a severe test. It is intended to commence dredging opera- tions for the removal of the remainder of the dam at Old Quay Runcorn, at once.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of the above Boord was held at the Board room of the Workhouse on Wed- nesday. There were present Messrs G. Ratcliffe (chairman), R. Heaton, A. J. Jolley, S. Davies, J. Muir, J. Clarke, J. Turton, T. Smith, G. Pilling, A. Jolley, J. Houghton, W. Shaw, W. Balbarry, R. Owen, jun., W. Gill, J. C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (deputy clerk), C. H. Ward (master), Mines (super- intendent).

===== 0002601_18931202_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
HOUSE COMMITTEE.

The House Committee recommended that the Clerk be instructed to advertise for tenders of coal, such ten- ders to be submitted at the next Board meeting, also that the usual Christmas dinner be given to the officials and inmate.—The minutes were passed on the motion of Mr. Davies, seconded by Mr. A. J. Jolley.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOLS COMMITTES.

This Committee recommanded that the usual Christ- mas dinner be given to the officials and children. They also reported that outside iron stair cases had also been fixed and fitted for No. 1 home by Mr. Watkinson, Sal- ford, and were considered satisfactory by the Commit- tee. They recommended that homes Nog. 2, 3 and 4, be fitted up in a similar manner, at a cost of £B4 according to tender.—Mr. Wm. Houghton moved the adoption of the minutes. He said that the iron stair cases were very valuable in caie of an outbreak of fire, because it only required throwing up the window, and the children could be out in a very short time.—Mr. Muir said that he considered the steps to be too steep,and if there was a scramble the children would tumble down the stairs.— Mr. Shaw seconded the adoption of the minutes.—The Chairman said he would not move an amendment to the minutes, but he was of opinion that a shoot was of far more use than stair cases.—Mr. Houghton pointed out that it would require an official at the top a.d bottom of the shoot, and in case of fire, they could not always be obtained. He thought that the stair cases were both cheaper and more serviceable than a shoot. With regard to Mr. Muir's complaint about the steepness of the stairs, they were put up by practical men who knew what was required to be done.—After some further discussion,the minutes were passed unanimot TEACHERS SALARIES.

A letter was received from the Local Govern- ment 13)ard, in respect to the salaries paid to the teachers. The Board proposed to include in their certificate a sum of £l4 14s. 9d., in respect to Miss Houghton's (the school mistress'n) amount. being the salary for her period of service. The Board wished to have an explanation as to why £55 had been paid to Mr. Mines and only £5O had been paid be- fore. The Clerk said that an explanation had been sent to the Local Government Board.

INCREASE OF SALARY. A letter was received from ti e Local Government Board, approving of the increase at salary of Mr. T. G. Garnett, relieving officer of No. 1 district, from £l5O to 2160.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
THS PRICR OF COAL.

The CLERK read a letter from Messrs. Richard Evans Co., in which it was ,t ited that coal would be supplied to the Workhouse at 12s. 6d., and slack at 94. per ton, and to Padgate schools, the coal would be 13s. 4d. per ton.—The Clerk said that as it was decided to advertise for tenders, Messrs. Richard Evans and Co., would have to send in tenders.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
TEMPERANCE MEETING AT BOLD-ST.

WESLEYAN SCHOOLS.

A. temperance meeting of members of the Warring- ton Wesleyan Circuit was held in Bold-st. Wesleyan Schoolroom on Wednesday night. There was only a moderate attendance. The chairman was Coun.. Shaw Green, and he was supported on the platform by the Rev. J. Gunnell, and Messrs. S. B. Stringer and Pigot. The chairman apologised for the ab- sence of the Rev. G. D. Mason' as he had to fill an appointment of the Rev. Owen Watkins, owing to that gentleman's serious illness. He was glad to be present at that circuit temperance meeting. He could well remember when the temperance move- ment was not so popular as it was now. But ROW they had not only had they circuit temperance meetings, hut the command of the conference that in every pulpit in Methodism on the last Sunday in November, the principles of total abstinence be enforced upon the people. He remembered the discreditable scenes which took place in Warrington when the militia assembled from time to time, and were quartered in the public houses throughout the town. On the first day of their com- ing, the town was a perfect pi ndemonium,and it was not sate for respectable people to pass through Horsemarket at. into Winwick-st. All that had changed. A wonderfu change had come over the habits of the people, although he did not think that the total amount of liquor drunk was very much less than formerly. It was drunk in a more quiet and orderly fashion than it used to be. There had been many reforms, for the welfare of the working classes, hut he thought that there was no reform more necessary than the reform of the drink traffic. One of the defects in his opinion, in the:strength of the temper- ance party in ‘Varringtnn was disunited action. They required one grand united organisation that would take in the whole town like one man. They saw the whole of the licensed victuallers combining together for the protection of their interests, and if that was so, they, who had the welfare of the people of this country at heart, should unite with a determination to deal with the traffiC. 4 number of men were elected at the municipal election who were directly interested in the drink traffic, and only two temperance men were re- turned, and by the way it was rather remarkable that those two should be the only outspoken temperance men in the Council. (Applause.) When they were discuss- ing the question as to which men should be upon the Watch Committee, he took the opportunity of suggest- ing a name to be put on that Committee. A member of the other side instantly jumped up and asked if his friend was an abstainer. He (Nlr. Green) wished to know what that had to do with the question, and besides a temperance man was an infinitely better man for the post, because those who want to maintain the drink traffic had a direct, personal, monetary interest in doing ao, while the temperance party only wished to lift up the social and moral condition of the people, and yet they were told that they were not fit to have the care of the Watch Committee and of the police of this borough. He noticed with much interest the Social Questions Union which had been formed in the borough. It was a union of the religious and Christian community in the town. He could not understand a portion of the Cliririan com- munity standing aside from that trli' In which was only to promote Christian fellowship and the welfare of the inhabitants if the town, Ile also wished the sanitary state of the borough to be improved. He knew most of the slums in the town, and he could tell them that they would not find a well-behaved, orderly, temperance man living in the shims. The degradation, misery and wretcheJness there, caused the people to live in drunken and almost immoral conditions. During the recent con- test, lie visited one or two of those places, and he was extremely glad to get out again. His opponents were there in the greatest possible numbers. He did not find that to be so in the best parts of the town. In conclusion he hoped that they would do their utmost to promote the cause of temperance in their own homes, in the town and in the country at large.—Mr. S. B. stringer alluded to the progress which the temperance movement had made during the last few years. He urged his hearers to put away mere sentimentalism, and to work in the cause of temperance in Parliamentary, Count? Council and municipal elections.—The Rev. J, Gunnell next gave ,an address upon the effects of alcohol upon the human body.—A number of recitations were given by members of the hand of hr and the meeting closed with a vote

. nope, of thanks to the Chairman.

WARRINGTON DEBATING SOCIETY.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
MINING ROYALTIES.

The weekly meeting of the Warrington Debating Society was held on Tuesday evening, under the presidency of Mr. Thomas Morris, F.R.G.S Mr. T. J. Hulse read an admirable paper on" Mining Roy- alties." He said that before the final report of the Royal Commission on Mining Royalties, which was published at the beginning of this year, no correct estimate as to the average amount paid per ton for royalty could be formed, and the figures given in the report were based on the out-turn of minerals for 1889. The output of coal in the United King- dom in 1889 was 176.916,724 tons, on which was paid in royalties and wayleaves £4,210,289 which aver- aged sfd. per con. The output of ironstone arid iron ore was 14,548,105 tons, royalties and wayleaves paid £575,903, average 41. per ton. On other metals such as copper, tin, lead, Ste., £87,068 were paid in royalties. The royalties varied greatly, especially as regarded coal, some royalties on coal being as low as 20. whilst others ran as high as is. 3d. per ton. This arose from various reasons. The mines might be in the case of the higher royalties well situated geographically, the coal good,and easy to obtain, whilst in the case of those mines which paid the lesser royalties the conditions were adverse. He had come across many cases of hardship which the mineral tenant had to suffer through unforeseen adverse conditions, and which as the law stood to-day did not tend to the economical development of this important Industry. He referred especially to overpaid mine rents which were estimated at many thousands of pounds. With regard to foreign competition in the Iron and steel trade, to which industries our existence as a manufac- turing In tion depended, and to which we owed our present high position in the world, 30 years ago we pro- duced as much iron as all the other countries of the world combined. To-day, America' at one time the best cus- tomer of this country had developed her wonderful natural resources with surprising rapidity,and continued to do so to such an extent that not only could she com- pete with us in independent markets, but could actually beat us on our own ground. Germany, since the Franco- German war had been steadily improving her resources and manufactures, and we had now to note with alarm that during the past ten years her export trade in iron and steel had devoloped at a rate out of all proportion to this country. Whilst we from 1880 to 1892 showed an increase of 70 per cent; Germany had achieved during the same period a net growth of nearly, or quite,4oo per cent. Spain was also developing her mining industries, both as regarded coal and iron and other ores, and would in future have to be reckoned with as a competitor, as she appeared to be attacking markets which had hitherto been exclusively English. Other countries were of course tending in the same direction, and must naturally have a proportional effect upon us. Royalties could be reduced by either a percentage, or an equal reduction. He believed that the owner in the first instance would benefit providing a reduction took place. The owner would retain his hold until forced by competition, or bad times, to permit the consumer to share the benefit of it by a reduction of prices. The wage earner would not be taken into consideration, and it would only be by prompt action on the part of the miners' organisations that the whole or part of the reduction might be intercepted before it reached the consumer. However, the margin out of which wages and profits came would be greater, and consequently the benefit to the miner would t alp. the form of continuation of employment, and possibly the avoidance of a reduc- tion in wages. Mr. Hulse contended that the total abolition of royalties, from an economic point of view, would not be an advantlge, as the least favourably situated mines would be stopped, and would be a loss on the part of the workers in such mines. He also gave figures showing that royalties had little or no effect upon our coal export trade, as they were still increasing. But turning to our production of iron ore, the essayist pointed out that in 1880 we produced 18 million tons, and in 1890 131 millions, showing a decrease of over four millions in the decade. He thought it was worthy of note that we imported over three million tons of iron ore in 1880, and nearly five millions in 1890. The explana- tion of our decreased production, and increased impor- tation was to be found in the fact that about ten years ago a new method of manufacture came into existence known as the basic process, which was especially advan- tageous to Germany, and it was calculated that in 1890 over 28 per cent, of pig iron made in the United King- dom was made from imported ore. He was convinced that if the minerals of this country were made natio, al property, and thus brought directly under the cords* and management of the State, the mines could ~e worked more economically than at present. Difficulties that now existed as regarded wayleaves,boundaries and drainage would be swept away. The safety, comfort, and well being of the miners would be more carefully attended to than in present circumstances. If the State owned and worked the minerals, the State could fix the price cf coal as it now fixed the price of a postage stamp. As coal would he produced mote cheaply, the consumer would be benefittel bya reduction in price,and a stimulus, under such conditions must inevitably be given to the industries of the country. A discussion ensued in which the Chairman, Messrs. Nield, Plinston, Caldecott, Bunch, and E. J. Hall took part.

SALE OF WORK AT ST. PETER'S CHURCH.

Owing to the increasing demands upon the ener- gies of the Vicar of St. Peter's parish, the Rev. B. Percival, it has been found necessary to have a cur- ate to assist him in his duties. To raise the balance required to meet this extra expense, a sale of work , was held in the St. Peter's schoolroem commencing lon Thursday afternoon. There were four stalls laden with useful and ornamental articles; also a refreshment stall and book stall, and in the middle of the room was a flower stall very artistically set out. The stall holders were as follows :—Vicara,ce stall, Mrs. Percival, Mrs. Richardson, Mrs. Pearson, and Miss Smith ; No. 2 stall, Mrs. Carleton ; No. 3 stall, Mrs. Green, and Miss Balshaw ; No. 4 stall, MIL Balmforth, and Mrs. Savage; book stall, Rev. J. Cote; flower stall, the Misses Green; refreshment stall, Miss Edgar, Misses Brookes, and Miss Madeley. The above ladies in addition to Mrs. Stanley, Mrs. Edgar, Mrs. Cox, and Miss Heaton formed the ladies' committee. The sale was opened by Mrs. Bea moot, and there were also present, the Rector (Rev. F. NV. Willis) and Mrs. Willis, Rev. B. Percival (vicar) and Mrs. Percival, Rev. E. C. E. and Mrs. Carleton, Rev. H. V. and Mrs. Bigot, Rev. Morley Stevenson, Rev. J. Cole, Captain Buckton, Messrs. J. Roberts, R. Norman, Vera Davies, and Blea se.

The Rev. B. PERCIVAL in introducing Mrs. Beamont said that he would take the opportunity of saying some- I thing about the work of the parish. The members of St. Peter's Church used to meet, in that room, but now there was a spacious building where they could worship to the honour and glory of God. Since the time that the church had been built, it was considered desirable that the vicar of the parish should have someone to assist hii.. in the spiritual oversight of the parish, and when the size of the parish was considered, they would ve that it was not unreasonable. The parish was the second largest in the town, and it was certainly among the poorest. There were over 9,000 people in the parish and they were almost entirely workpeople. It would therefore be seen that for one to work the parish I thoroughly and properly would be impossible. Hence it was almost absolutely necessary for them to have a! curate. They were opening the sale of work that after- noon in order that funds might be raised to assist in keeping a curate for the parish. His friend, Mr. Cole, was very anxious to do his best, and those who were in the parish could testify to the energy with which he had taken up his work, and he would make a valuable worker. They required and hoped to raise at the sale of work £lOO clear, which would enable them to do with- out another sale for two years. When the fund w first starred, the late Mr. Sharpe who was a great friend of the parish, promised' £5O a year, but since he was called away. his subscription had been lost. It now required £5O or £6O 'a year to be raised in addition to the amount of subscriptions already coming in from different subscribers. Mrs. Reatuont had been a very great friend to the parish and he was very glad she had consented to open the sale. Mrs. BEAMONT said that she was glad to take the opportunity of congratulating the parishioners upon having such an excellent pastor, and she was glad that Mrs. Percival would very shortly settle in their midst in the vicarage now ready for their reception. He was sure that they would . all help and support them to the uttermost, in all good works for the benefit of the parish She hoped that they would do their best to empty the stalls that afternoon. The sale then commenced and business was pretty L. brisk. An entertainment was given during the evening by the day school teachers connected with St. Peter's • School, which was largely attended. The total receipts taken during the day amounted to a little over £45 11.. There was no formal opening of the sale of work yester- day, and it was only moderately attended. The Bank- street Mission minstrels gave an entertainment in one ot the classrooms last night. PE NKETH.

LIVERPOOL FLAT SUNK IN THE MERSEY. —The flat Crow, belonging to Mr. George fiooton, Liverpool, was sunk on Saturday midnight in the Mersey opposite Car- ter's-house Bridge, three miles from Fiddler's Ferry. She was being towed to Warrington by the steamer Ada when she ran into the Marsh and staved in her bows. She was laden with manure. The crews were saved hy boarding the steamer just before their boat went down.

A special meeting of the PArks, Markets and Ceme- teries Committee of the St. Helens Corporation was held on Tuesday, at the Windle Cemetery. The first corpor- ate inspection of the grounds was made, and arrange- ments for future management discussed.

===== 0002601_18931202_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
AUTHORITY.

WARRINGTON RURAL SANITARY

The monthly meeting of this Authority Was Ile' in the Board room, at the Workhouse, yesterds; There were present :—The Rev. G. F. Roberts (I the chair), Messrs. William Long, Alfred Jae William Houghton, John Houghton, R. Owen' Mather, Joseph Swinton, John Jackson, T. Sal'i William Owen (surveyor), S. Sutton (clerk) Sephton (medical officer of health.) PARISH COUNCILS BILL. The Clerk stated that in accordanse with a :TV! made by the Conference of Rural Sanitary AuthoorF he had forwarded on petitions in favour of the proll amendment of the Parish Councils Bill, to Mr. T. Legli, M.P., for the Newton Division, and to Pierpoint M.P. Lie had only received as acknovrie' ment from the former gentleman. ORFORD WATER SUPPLY. let The Clerk mentioned that he had received a - from Mr. J. Lyon Whittle, Town Clerk, in refer''''' the supply of Water to the township ot Orford': asking if the plans of the mains which had bearli witted were correct. Mr. Owen had informed bina,,„ the mains were perfectly correct. Be (the clerk) fore expected that the work would now be pug' expeditiously.

THE MAKING OF STREETS. A letter was read from the Local Governmen- t in reply to a communication made by the Authoi asking what powers they had to carry on the mak,ll streets in the contributory parts of the Authoritv.ag trict in Warrington. The Local Government PE invested the Authority with power to carry 01 work and stated that the expense thus incurrtJ be termed as " special expenses."

MRDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT. Dr. Sephton, in Ms monthly rep rt,Btated number of births was 15, deaths 20 The d

was 17.6 per 1,000 against 16 4 iu the corresp, month of last year. There had been three death! zymotic diseases.

BURTONWOOD DRAINAGE. Mr. W. Owen, surveyor, in his mohthly report ! e a meeting of the Streets Committee held on Nov` 15th, Mr. R. Heaton in the chair, the subject ° E.irtonwood drainage was discussed. A resoultOr passed to the following effect : That the plans completed so as to embrace and include t'n' the drainage contemplated, and that a further n' estimate be provided ; also that the main sew reduced from a diameter of 12in. to 91n. ; tiat settling tanks be substituted for the patent Lank a proposed, with a spare tank as sug,gested by the, Government Board ; also that the settling ta` placed on the portion of the land furthest fro brook to allow the :anent to run over the great

sible area available for sewage treatment. The c( tee recommended that the Surveyor be instrill complete the plans in accordance with the sugge' The report was adopted. This concluded the business.

;11 At St. Helens County Court on Wednesday, beo, Honour Judge Shand, the adjourned case of Aaronson, jeweller, Manchester, against Wm. CI day wageman at the Rainford collieries, was near„( J. 0. swift appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. defended. The claim was for £2 194., balance doe watch. Defendant had been supplied with a,sv which at his request was exchanged, and then Il.ef the second was not so good as the first. Plaintlt, the first watch had been sold to a man named fli,c" at Swansea, and during the adjournment he hi" t back. Defendant said it was not the original u 73 His Horvaur gave judgment for the amount clailo watches to be exchanged. _

MARKETS. WARRINGTON MARKE C.—WEDNESDAY, NOY; 2931 FRUIT, VEGYTA. I,LE - OULT Y, BUTiIHERS . ' FISHMONGERS' TABLE. . d s. d. s. d, s. d; ; I Bet f, Eng.,V M 0 51t02 9 Melon each ... 0 Lamb., „ -0 10 Oranges. each 0 0-'0 Mutton ~0 51 - 91- Celery Pstick 0 2 ---0 Veal „ „ - 0 9 Pears Pork „ „ -0 9 Aiiricot• e-,ch ' ';'., - 0 Pork sides - 0 0 C rrota per lb ... 0 ;-- 0 : cured 0 6-0 c, Cauldiowers ... 0 4 - 0 Wh Is pigs,, ic 9 6- 9 8 Cucultit.. r e,,,h a 4 0 Li eese „ - 01 Fiw s "'couple 4 6-0 0 Tomatoes V 115 ') 7; ......- 0 Chickens -0 0 Filberts lb Du_ks „ 11 i..• 1 its - 0 Hares. each ... 4 6 0 0 Asparagus V 1200 '--- n 4 Pigeons,, - 0 0 Potatoes s' load 3 0 Par 'idge brace 4 0- 0 0 New potaloes ~0 0,., ...„ a Grouse ~5 0- 0 0 lilusi to-Ins 4, it 0 ° 0 Pheasants -5 0 Green Peas 11, m 0 CI -- Turkey 3 10-0 0 _...0 Butter, fresh ,t- 1 4- 1 5 Green °prouts ti, 0 / '-' 0 Hen e4gs 6& 71 0 0 0 B ans, kidney o, 0 Duck „ - 0 0 Pomeg:enates... 0 1 0 Apples . -0 3 Walnuts „ 0 0-- P 0 Onions ~r' 1-0 2 Lemons „ 0 1 ---71 Grapes „ - 1 0 Cheese fine es 0- 05 PineApele each° 0- 3 0 ~ good - 65 Greengages V !DJ 0- 0 4 „ ordinary 49 0-- 0 C erries „ ...... 0 0- 0 0 Lobster tP o, , 1 6"0 Stra,sberries „ 0 0-0 0 Turbot „ -'1 Damsons „ „ 0 2.- 0 0 8 lmon „ - 0 Plums „ - 0 4 Whit ngs Gooseberries,, 0 0- 0 0 Flukes „ - 0 Rasp, erries „ 0 0- 0 0 Eels .. ~ - 1 Black Currants 0 0- 0 0 Soles „ „ -0 Red Currants 0 0- 0 0 Sparlings Marrows each 0 0- 0 4 Codfish .. Set!, ale tr, lbo 0- 0 0 Mackerel each 0 0 .... 0 Rhubarb bch 0 1-0 0 “errlag ? dozen ____------ , T g 14

HET H.

TEETH.

.. ---. h 0 P. I TEETH. PAREINSONS'S TEETH are, UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. l''`„ts 5 !METH. may rest assured that these statell4o" 1 based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, and best guarantee of this to intending 101,10F' TEETH. that J. 11. PARKINSON has one of the, fae, Dental Practices in England, the onlg t• TEETH. employing the BEST LABOUR. u 510,10 BEST MATERIALS obtainable, and TEETH. the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. Any set made, or any work done by TEETH. !lot giving ABSOLUTE S 4.TISFAteLc' Every )etall will be immediately coliso an ENTIRE NEW SET made f ,1 TEETH. CHARGE These conditions Insure the public 'rEETH. tion and recommendation, zxemPlill'-dll" sets having been inserted for patientst, 'TEETH. one year only, directly and indirectlioncise the voluntary persuasion and reconon,,i. Wi TEETH. of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any `ior fe these patients' names and addresses. ,4tie, 1 ,I-be ,An rence, will be given to any woul- TEETH. personally applying for them, Thlng IS 1- thousands In the past, each recommenalilloW IrEETIL friends, speak volumes for Mr. ill success. k 0 1 e I TEETH. His unusually Large Dental Estab*l.s Ilk, adapted for the CGMFORT of PatientAM I NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WE 9 0 TEETH. FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily froal and 2 to 6. AO( TEETH. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTE- 0 &c., as hitherto, by the aid of his °Se TEETH. LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of vibichn 00 liquefies for sale to dentists nearly I.`" , TEETH. lons weekly. Patients, have, therefore,, speciality also the benefit of his eftl,er TEETH. CLOSED ALL DAY ON FRIO. TEETH.

J. H. PARKINSON, Dentist by Examinatioo.,4.6*, 46, MOSIAY-STREIRT, fANCIIe WARRINGTON ON WEDNESDAYS, et Miss 00 Ladies Outfitter, Sankey-st., from 2 to 5 PO.O RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes. (13 Parson's), Confectioner, Bridge-et., from 2 0,5:01r NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS, at Miss ibson's, 2. rom ar' 11 to 5. „(k1

i"Ordinary notices of Births, Marriage,. and De",--oe:',4f; serted free of charge. MArriages or De'Ohs wit" 0ra.".0,11 "No Cards," or any addition to the ltegistrar."...id, notice, are charged One Shilling and Sixpence, if Pre5,0%.00 announcements on credit, Tov Shillings and Sixritat such announcements must be authenticated by and address of sender. DEATHS. d HEALD-Nov. 25, at Platt-St., Warrington, age-3 35 IP- AU red Heal i. agea BROTTLE-Nov. 25th. at Edward-st., Warrington. 0 months, Albert Brottle. d ig° BAXTER-Nov. 24th, at Allen,st., Warrington, age 04 Mary Baxter. too' MlLLiza-Nov. 25th. at the Fever Hospital, Warring _..09 7 years, Elizabeth Miller. WAIswRIGET -Nov. 27th, at Mersey-et.. Warring-- te) Vernon Wainwright. aged 3 months. WARBURTON.-NOVeMber 30th, at 316, York Ter"-perr f .rd. Ann, the dearly beloved wife of Jame' 44, e Warburton, aged 39. Deeply lamented. alo GROARK.-November 26th, at Liverpool, Panes formerly of Warrington,aged 73. M DUNPL-November 26th, at 33, Prestbury-road, -g Charle) Lingard Dunn, aged 6 years.

I EMORIAL CARDS, riCi CIRCULLRS, BILLIIBADS, 31.331011ANDWdood Handbills, Window Bills, Posters, and printiug "5, executed with neatness and despatch by JO'g the Borough Press 34, Bridge-street, Warringt°'_ -

WALIt6. 4.1 'arrington.—Printed and Published by Jona' jat The &rammer General Printing Works. and Published also at The Examiner Offices. Vi:,,tre,,,,t'se• WIDNF4 ; High-street. Hu:icons ; 32, Gedrge_.„.....4, Helens ; and 33, Market-street. Hanta.frow° 2 1893.

4,st

• THE MANCHESTER TAILORING & CLOTHING 1--" 8 10, HOISEMARKET-ST., WARRINarj46 ARE SHOWING the LARGEST RANGES of MAKES of CLOTHS for MOURNING WI4OI,SA „, WORSTEDS, SERGE, VIENNAS,LLADIA SUITS READY MADE OR TO MEASTiga7ZO at short notice for MEN, YOUTHS and BOYS " Well made and thoroughly reliable.

NO IVEDDIN 22-cluto Value In the to Al! sizes &tonna always N. AND A 43, s

..•......__._.........___-

GRATI

ANN

Prim WILL BE 1

WITH A

===== 0002601_18931202_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
LATCHFC

iklip WII 33318 LOCAL

WILL DC THE L 4 OF TI

G. 1 L

SCIRI lllustre The Last

gn,.. On 7 --.4zeT • (0'8" P tIONraPII3; n• Chaim L ar)MISS leletl'e " d entranec ("I'llence Pt)

Includin

kindh " P4netuii AND ' Chki A r t obe 4 b_ ek 141811 "4s 6 . ehola eate '1 p

1.11)31. RRAN " fIECk I,IIP-tr tusiss es, OLD

Antl R 11,7,,1a.Y. Et 's'aV Tot tILe ht vje AM thorou, 13, Rd. vilth ItAv."ll aclipte, ANCP*. T ,040LET1 "titten n onit,h ca,7l gip, at ea qa STAN C Inkey 011 SE 4reiPt I ---- I

Aw M °ll ok

itAri -_____ 11 u N

I 047,1

Z;3:lltr3

e„ 64d th IN,. 3 i„ ~

===== 0002601_18931202_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
held er Of 7eek• g eneral -t the sfactioo nch tb° re of tb° Mond,eC the ave COM' ber wAll° gene,- ?. Law sent the jngb ti,aa 041. questo" will be 3, &le' firoody a Shill' Ming to pflt of iineteeo" ging the roublea vortiag eded att (EST I sped' more; . iteroea •. " the • ag 51 the „cDres- -30 we a WO( in the hang°. ed irtoM iferoto verf toc Put int igrlab" WO: toht 0100 tivate gr. Indir -11 ;D. I. 5 5 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 6 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 •Ice, biS are the 3 I. reit of jug tbe IC or 00 30' El afl tOROuGn OF WARRINGTON. ft d. lob" , 07 SVISCBIPTiOIfg. hrapn' Previously advertised ................ ... ...................... 1 00 ap cotridge Boles. per Mrs Logan Wright . 16 0 °ton Thorn Church offertory ........................... 1 1 0 11f ra',.,neYdell Bros. further donation .................. 10 6 14148 kln . • R 2°o Dakin ............... . ....................... .. .......... 0 10 6 cowee RPevarn.f, ri?3,BCcia.,rleon (six instalments) ................... 00 56 1!.? further donation ............ 2f b .............. 0 1 0 f, Mr. George H Morrall ... .................... 0 2 6 anwaY (Central Station) Bowl .... oeratt ye storr.s, 1,2001h5. bread. 411-" V Chantry 1001 be of bread. ""-ce Atlfred Dakin, Grappenhall,lo fowls. ioBURS th —at PTIONS received from other towns In response -e special appeal. B. d. Atno, 650 9 3 nt previously advertised .................... . ......... "4"vereiWone.dgwixtd. Leith 111'1- Pee Miss wedgwocipcila,"' ............ ee aEli3rr rrskk v vnn gg. 2: 001 000 1„, a a Rivington ........................... Lo ." h 0 5 Okell ... . Altrinc am 4•7.c.e!ri of clothing from 6 sy• tlattoa. EBq. 1141: 111311'1,erkg,"LoRs'ecSiltsf.toaLrider:n. arda-on-Sea. EDWARD UREENALL, Mayor, vir Tows Ball. lion. Treas. - "nfiton, Ist December, 18113.

T 11 - OMAS IJ ii OWDELL. ESTATE AGENT, 1, MILL-ST., MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON. Rents collected in Town or Country. Agent to /loyal and Liverpool and London and Globe ._ Insurance Companies. --

THOMAS FRAIN, ABITT and DEBT COLLECTOR, House, Estate, and General Commission Agent, lit 39, GLADSTONE{ STREET, WARRINGTON. eotuatrlTS AND ACCOUNTS regularly collected in town or 011 —DEBTS PURCHASHD. References and Terms -__B43Blication. Communications promptly attended to.

1-40NeW01T11'S, 4 and 6, Oak-street, Thomas-st., Po,r BUT PAPBMIC "' ANTESTBR. PARCIIMBNTS. HERSH PAPER. and PAPER BAGS, Cheap DAYBOOKS. LEDORRS, NOTEPAPDBS, ENVBLOPES, Ac.

REBUILDING PREMISES. 54 AND 56, OLDHAM-ROAD, MANCHESTER. Ailqz2le and Breech-loading Guns. Gold and Silver Watches. 111,,,, ANTIQUE a MODERN SILVER PLATE. Coins, Cutlery,. Antiques. ac. Special bargains. OCrDEN. 54tc 56 OLDHAM-ROAD. Estab. 1799.

ESTABLISHED 35 TEARS. W. WOODS AND SON. SILVER ENGLISH LEVER WATCHES, (Not Machine Made). Stamped Guarantee for 10 years given with our Special Line. ENGLISH LEVEES. EXTRA JEWELLED. AND ALL THE IMPROVE- MENTS UP TO DATE. 55/- MADE IN TWO SIZES 60/- CORNER OF SANKEY AND CORPORATION STREETS, WARRINGTON.

pIIPTCRES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. IA) T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 A 9. Grosvenor-street, Lon- don-road. Manchester.

11ASSAGE TAUGHT in Manchester; terms .£1 ls. fora course of six lessons.—Apply Miss GRPENFIELD. Home for Hospital-trained Nurses and Paying Patients, Stamford-road. Bowdon.

BOROUG EI OF W IDN ES,—The Corporation are UP prepared to receive LOANS at 3i per cent. per annum for a term of years, or at 5 per cent. repayable at six months notice.—Applications to B. HOYLE, HOCOUgb Accountant, Town Hall. Widnes. H. S. OPPENHEIId. Town Clerk.

MONEY LENT ON PHOTOGRAPHIC GOODS, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY. & SILVER PLATE. W. JACKSON, 71, OXFORD-ST MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1860. WILL BUY OR EXCHANGE CURIOS, DIAMONDS, OLD GOLD. AND SILVER; HIGHEiT PRICES. W. JACKSON, PAWNBROKER. 71, OXFORD-ST., MANCHESTER.

DkNCING.—Class for Beginners and Advanced Pulls daily (afternoon and evening); Private Lessons and Practice with lady assistants at any hour; complete system of instruction. Adults who have never learned to dance thoroughly taught ; age immaterial ; proficiency guaranteed ; professional lessons given ; Skirt Dances; Fancy Dances ; lolanthe ; the Barn Dance, and all latest novelties ; Schools and Families attended ; fees moderate. Progpectus containing full particulars on application. THE MANCIIESTEII ACADEMY Of DANCING, Thornleigh, 68, Upper Brook-street, Manchester. principals: Mr. and Mrs GBORGH ALIMANDHR.

W ARRINGTON CORPORATION CONCENTRATED MANURE. Sixteentk Season. GENERAL AGENT —Mn.: WM. HOUGHTON, PADDINGTON, NEAR WARRINGTON.

WARUNGTON CONCENTRATED MANURE.- Agent ; Mr. JOSEPH TAYLOR. Lion Hotel, War- rington, who will attend the Warrington, Northwich Ches- ter, and Enutsford M‘rkets. All orders promptly executed. Analysis and testimonials on application.

SMITH I.ANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office: 168, ISLINGTON-SQUARE, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable 6s. Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2s. 3d. £5O, ~20s ~ £3 9s. Od. £lOO, „ 40s. ' , £6 16s. Od. ALEX. GORDON, Manager.

MANCHESTER OR ADI MAR SCHOOL Fee £4 41. per term. Tbe next Timm begins TUESDAY, JANUARY 1611 x, 1894. Entrance Examination MONDAY, JANUARY 15th, at 9 a.m. Prospectuses, Forms of application, Ac., may be had at the School. OWEN W. COX. Clerk and Receiver. NB—Boarding House open under the sanction of the Governors.

A CCIDENT S WILL HAPPEN. CIL TME RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE CO, ("The old.st and largeAt ") Has since 1849 pal for ACCIDENTS OF ALL RINDS £3,200,°00. Established 1849. Rt. Hon. EVELYN ASHLEY, Chairman 64, Oornhill. London. W. D. MASSY, Semtaries A. VIAN, AGENTS Warrington Mr. C. J. troLmEs. Market Gate. Mr. W. if. RIGBEY, Oentral Station. St. Helena Mr. J. B LEACH, Hardabaw-atreet. Rnutsford Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER. Sandbach Mr. B. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge.

BOR OUGH OF WARRINGTON. THE CONTAGIOUS DISEASES (ANIMALS) ACTS, 1878 to 1893. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that by the Middlesex Pleuro-Prvumonia. Movement Order of 1893, which applies to the District comprising the parishes of Finchley, Hendon, Kinrburv. and Willesden, all in the County of Middlesex, restrictions are imposed on the movement of cattle into, within or out of the said Dierict otherwise than in accord- ance with the provisions of the said Order. A copy of the said Order can be seen at my office. J. LYON WHITTLE. Town Clerk. Town Hail, Warrington, 2nd December. 1893.

NOTICE OF AUDIT. To the RATEPAYERS AND OWNERS OF PROPERTY in the District of LYMM in the County of Chester. WHEREAS, ALFRED W. DOLBY, Esquire' the Assistant District Auditor authorised by law to Audit thc, Acciunts of the Receipts and Expenditure under the Public Health Act, 1875, of us, the Local Board for the above-named District, has appointed 10.15 o'clock in the forenoon of THURSDAY, the 21st day of Decem- ber, 1893, as the time, and the Local Board Offices, Lymm as the place, at which the Audit of the said Accounts for the year ended at 25th March, 1893, will he made; we therefore, the said Local Board, being V,. Urban Authority for the said District, HEREBY GIVE NoTICE, in pursuance of the said Act, that the Audit of the said Accounts will be made at the Time and Place so appointed as aforesaid ; that any Ratepayer or Owner nf property in the said District may be present at the Audit, and may make any objection to the said Accounts before the Auditor; and that a Copy of the said Accounts duly made up and balanced, together with all the rate books, account books, deed;, contracts, accounts, vouchers, and receipts mentioned or referred to in such Accounts, will ,be deposited in our Offive in Pepper-st., Lymm, on TUESDAY, the 12th day of December instant, and will be open thereat, during office hours until the said day of ' Audit, to the inspection of all persons interested, who will be at liberty to take conies of or extracts from the same without fee or reward. Dated this Ist day of D-c-mher, 1893. W. MULLA RD, Clerk to the said Local Board.

INFLUENZA, DIPHTHERIA, INFLUENZA, SORE THROATS CURED IN ONR HOUR BY STORCROFT'S CURE. For Diphtheria, Quinsy, Coughs, Colds, Asthma. Indiges- tion, Diarrhcea and Bronchihs. it is unequalled. In bottles 70., Is Id, and 2s. 9d. Of all Patent Medicine Vendors. WEIOLESALE :-29, PRINCIESS-STRERT. MANCHESTER,.

THE AUTUMN LEAVES ARE FALLING. The dal s are shorter and the nights are coldtr, and a good fire has quite a cosy look. Do you want some LINOLEUAL to firighten your hune? 13. 1113111 BEY 1c CO. have the Largest ArtiAlc Seleetidn of exclusive designs In the province. In all qualities, at prices to snit everyone. C me and pick your patterns. We are glad to see you, and there is no charge for looking. Experlenctd workmen sent any distance. Telephone 537. ---------- IQ REMBRY k CO., Lle LINOLEUM SPECIALTSTS, Q 45 and 47. CROSS-STREET, MANCHESTPR.

------ ESTABLISIIIik 1848. THOMAS ALLEN AND SONS, PLUMBERS, PAINTERS, GLAZIERS, &c, , Beg to inform the Public ot Warrington. that they have opened A BRANCH ESTABLISHMENT, the premises In MERSEY-S MEET, BRIDGE FOOT, with a stock of Paper Hangings, Paints, Oils, Lead. Glass. Gas and Water Fittings, and every trade recpsisite. Estimates free Special discount for casb.—Note the address ' sz and 64, BEWSET-ROAD, and MERSBY.STREET, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON. • '•:,.

SOUTHPORT, SUNNYSIDE lIYDRO, Promenade extension. Physician, Dr. Bernardo, A summer and winter residence, combining all the comforts of a pleasant home. Sea view, parks, pier, and trams near. New Turkisk and other baths, billiards, and tennis. Terms moderate.—J. Boococx, proprietor.

EVANS' 17, SANKEY STREET, SPECIAL SHOW OF MANTLES, JACKETS, DRESSES, IN ALL THH LATEST STYLES. EVANS' 171 SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

ELECTRIC BELLS FITTED AND MAINTAINED TOWN OR COUNTRY. EXPIRY OF TELKPLIONE PATENTS. Telephones fitted in Mills. Workshops, ac., at very low prices. ESTIMATES GIVEN. We MORTON. ELECTRICIAN. 127, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

FARMERS' STORES, WARRINGTON. BUTCHERS' SHOP. Country-fed Beef, Mutton, Pork, Veal, Lamb, A°, of the Best Quality, at the Lowest Prices. Deliveries In the Country. FRUIT SHOP. Fresh Supplies of Flowers, Fruit and Vegetables Daily. Wreaths, Bouquets, dm., made up on short notice. All Orders receive Prompt Attention.

GEDDES'S DANDELION C OFF EE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Publio. Bold by aU Grocers and Druggists, In Canister 64., 104., and Is. 84 each. Wholesale by .1 GEDDEB & SON. Warrington.

(MORRIS'S TOLU AND HONEY. The Only Cure for Colds, Coughs, Bronchitis, ttc. -- FACTS. 1 MORRIS'S TIC-CURE PILLS, The only Cure for I NEURALGIA, TIC, AND TOOTHACHE. ( MORRIS. CHEMIST, ALEXANDRA ROAD, MANCHESTER, and all Dealers.

Q ALLSOPP & SON'S Slum AND BITTER Amts And D'ABOY & SON'S OBLFIBRATBD DUBLIN STOUT In 9, 18, and 36 Gallon Casks, or Bottiea. AGENT PETER LEIGH, KORSHMARKIIT STRIDIT. WARRINGTUI9.

TANNERS' LANE COAL WHARF, WARRINGTON THE PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY, LIMITED, INCE HALL COLLIERIES, NEAR WIGAN. LOCAL MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS. All kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine Fuel kept in stock. Wagons sent to any Railway Station, House orders promptly attended to. N.B.—Orders received also at 191, Sankey-et.

- GREEN'S PATENT qAUSAGE CHOPPING & MINCING MACHINES and FILLERS (Silent and other Patterns). -- Suitable for BUTCHERS, MEAT EXPORTERS, CONFECTIONERS, HOTELS, BOARDING-HOUSES, PRIVATE FAMILIES, ac. These Celebrated Machines are used very extnsively through- out England, Scotland, Ireland, and the Colonies. Illustrated Price Lists on application. THOMAS GREEN & SON (LIMITED), -11- SMITHFIELD IRONWORKS, LEEDS and SURREY WORKS, 13LACKPRIARS ROAD, LONDON, SE., or from any Shipping or Export House, Merchant, or ironmonger in the United Kingdom.

HALL'S MY HATTER. NEW SHAPES, NEW STYLES, AT LO WEST PRICES FOR TILE AUTUMN. HATS AND CAPS OP EVERY DESCRIPTION Can be obtained at HALL'S NOTED HAT SHOP. 1. MARKET GATE. WARRINGTON.

- BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED WATER GAUGES, BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED COCKS AND VALVES Are the Best Fittings in the Market. When ordering new boilers. steam users should indent for and insist upon having these instead of antiquated and unre- liable patterns. A Sample Set of Gauges or a Cock will be supplied on a two months' trial. Illustrated Priced Catalogue post free from PUTZ, CURPH hY AND CO., THE ASBESTOS, INDIA RUBBER AND ENGINEER'S STORES, WAREHOUSE, 2, STRAND-ST., JAMES-ST., LIVERPOOL, ' Telephone, 1078. Telegrams ASBESTOS —Liverpool.

LADIES SHOULD KNOW of the most. Wonderful Medical Discovery of the Age. ALL LADIES This MIRACULOUS and very powerful REMEDY quickly relieves all IRM/a ULARITIES and RE- MOVES all OBSTRUCTIONS HOWEVER OBSTINATE or Long Standing. It is perfectly harmless but CERTAIN and EFFECTUAL. Thousands have been relieved. Oth, Lady writes :—" Your Medicine is truly wonderful ; my case was a fearfully obstinate one." Avoid useless pills. Invaluable particulars free on receipt of stamped addressed envelope. A. DASMAIL, 371, LANGDALE, WALTHAMSTOW. ESTABLISHED 1851.

WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVEIseuOL to NEW YORK. via Queenstown. every Wed. .TEUTONIC ...Wed., Dec. 6 i *ADRIATIC ...Wed.. Dec.. 13 Second Cabin will be carried on toe voyage mark- ed thus*. Steerage passage to New York, Boston, and ehiladelphia, at low rates. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform In model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply JOSEPH SMITH, 61, Legh-at., War- rington, or to lebtAT, Imam, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street. ' London. 8.C., and 10. Water-street, Liverpool.

"COMFORT TEA "—The result of twenty- live years experience in the Tea Trade. "COMFORT TEA"—The best Tea in Eng- land at the price. "COMFORT T"8 Registered. "COMFORT TEA"—Sold at the following 1. prices 1/-, 1/4 1/8, 2/- PER LB. SOLE PACKER AND BLHNDER. H. E. HAWTHORNE, 29, WINWICK-ST., WARRINGTON.

EADE'S. GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS TEE SAFEST AND MOST EFFECTUAL. Timms who are enduring the agony of gout or the lesser torture of rheumatism, will hail with a feeling of Joy any remedy which promises to afford even the slightest relief. We gladly, therefore, give prominence to the GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILL introduced to suffering humanity of Mr. bade the well-known Chemist, and prepared from the formula of one of the most eminent physicans if the day, It is claimed that no altPration of diet is required, nor is con- finement to the h use by any means necessary. It would appear. then.that a medicine so easily taken,and so efficacious, requires only Lobe widely known, to meet with that recogni- tion it deserves.— "Civil Service Gazette." Sold everywhere by Chemists, &c..in bottles Is. lid. and 2s. 9d.

VURS FURS! Good and First-class FURS, 1: Also the Latest Designs in SEALSKIN JACKETS, and other GARMENTS. Only the first skill is emplayed by THE NORTHERN FUR MANUFACTORY, OFFICE AND SHOWROOMS, 21, LEVER-STREE V, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER, (Opposite the Royal Infirmary). Alterations by the Beat Skill. Sealskin Garments Re- fashioned, and other Furs. Repairs, Re-dying, Cleaning, Au.

MR. BIRTLES Would remind intend•ng Sitters for PORTRAITS. drc.. for Christmas Pr.sents to take an early opportunity of making appointments to ensure their being ready In time, RS the weathe^ is uncertain at this season of the year. THE STUDIO, LEGE HOUSE, WARRINGTON.

RUSSELL'S WATCHES. SAME PRICES AS AT LIVERPOOL. DIRECT FROM MANUFACTURER TO WEARER. A saving of 30 percent. if you want Fine-class Work. IF YOU WISH FOR RUBBISH DON'T GO THERE. The same applies to DIAMONDS. And especially to RINGS and Fine JEWELLERY. RUSSELL'S GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES, their own pure itnglish manufacture. with all Russell's latest patented improvements, range In price from £3 to £235. They are handsome, strong, and perfect time- keepers ; repressnt the largest stock and 'ant value in England, there being no intermediate profit between the manufacturer and the wearer. Sent free everywhere at Russell's risk and cost on receipt of draft or post order. ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET SENT FREE ON AP- PLICATION. P.S.—Beware of imitations, and people who profess to sell at less than the makers. No watch 's genuine rnless marked— T. R. RUSSELL, "18" CHURCH-ST., LIVERPOOL. WATCH AND JEWELLERY REPAIRS PROMPT and PERFECT. Estimates given and cost of carriage taken. RUSSELL'S T. R. RUSSELL, I.l.taßit TO THE QUEEN, CATHEDRAL WORKS. 15. CHURCH-ST.. LIVERPOOL; SANKEY-ST., WARRINGTON. AND 12. MOULT-ST., (CROSS-ST.), MANCHESTER.

EXCEPTIONAL PURCHASE. WOOLLEN CLOTHS. SCOTCH AND IRISH TWEEDS AND FRIEZES. ko. HIGH-CLASS -.!.• GOODS. 41) 44 ITNSW ORTH'S .* • ~;"/- ! •4;41 1.11C13. SUPERIOR '44"st• , . . TAILORING, 0 VERCOATINGS, S TEOUSERINGS, • IMMENSE VARIETY BEST STYLES LOWEST PRICES. Corns early and secure the Pick of the Market. I..TA WORTH'S E 4, 2s, 41, k 49, HIGH-STREET, RUNCORN. •

THE STEADILY INCREASING SALES OF SCOUREE METAL POLISH NECESSITATE REMOVAL TO LARDER AND MORE CENTRAL PREMISES. AT 12 & 14, JOHNSON-STREET, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

GRATEFUL EPPS' S COMFORTING. BREAKFAST, SUPPER. C 0 C 0 A BOILING WATER OR MILE

WORTHINGTON'S BURTON ALES AND STOUTS. FINDLATRIVS DUBLIN INVALID AND OTHER STOUTS GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT IN CASE OR BOTTLE. FINDLATER'S STOUTS may now be bad In 4 gallon task'. WHEATLE'Y'S HOP BITTERS in bottles only. J. M. BEACON. BRBWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER, 14, ST. JAMES-ST. WARRINGTON. Eirprles, ta4stHetteti, Zczt.

111011 CLASS TAILORING AT POPULAR PRICES. BOTHELL BROS. ARE NOW SHOWING ALL THE LATEST NOVELTIES FOR AUTUMN AND WINTER WEAR. THE SELECTION OF COATINGS INCLUDE THE NEW SOPT FINISHED BLACK WORSTEDS (non shiny) VICUNAS, CHEVIOTS. LLAMAS, HOPSACK% AND ERRORS. A SPLENDID RANGE OF FASHIONABLE OVERCOATINGS In similar Makes and Heavier Texture. . Also IRISH FRIEZES and many other makes suit- able for ULSTERS. EVENING DRESS A SPECIALITY. 37, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

LADIES! THIS FOR YOU TO READ. THERE IS NO PLACE LIKE HOME. And nothing In it looks more comfortable than a BRIGHT and CLEAN FIRESIDE. NO MORE BLACKLRADING REQUIRED. YOUR GRATES CLEANED IN FIVE MINUTES. USE LAWSON'S BLACK. Sold in Tins at 20., 4d., 61d. each. Full directions for use on each tin. All you require to use It with is LAWSON'S PATENT BRUSH AND HOLDER. Price sp. One Brush will last a lifetime. The end of the Holder being attached to the Brush forms a Shield to prevent the fingers being soiled with the black. LAWSON'S BLACK is a pleasure to use. No Brushing. No Dirt. Your Grates and Fenders will always look equal to new. Will not burn off or blister only where the bars ge red hot. BOLE MANUFACTURER FOR PATENTEE : M. M. LAWSON, BOOTLE, LIVERPOOL. A large size Ti..' with Brush and Holder complete, free per Parcel Post for is. 4d. in stamps or postal order. Copy of unsolisited Testimonial, selected out of a number received. Hawthorne Villa, Linthorpe, Middlesbro'. Oct. 29, 1892. Mr- M, M. Lawson, Liverpool. DRAB Srn,-11 have used some of the " Lawson's Black" on my drawing and dining room fire grates, which my husband brought me to try, with the object of saving the servants the tedious work of black leading, and I think it only right to comply with his desire to inform you that the trial has inaßgympoe sntr atnsiametelesotaf cttoh reducedergyr a, en emmv more eyh itrmhe sappnre:tte dh; r neaeos-tf oou nmal hyp as ,r 1 es datnht to tsbeehave blsoklead, but the brush and holder you heve introduced en- ables those who use it to do SO without in any way blacking or soiling their hands. I may also add that so far the appear- ance has not been affected uy the heat of the fires.—Yours respectfully, JENNIE DOVE. Ask yonr Teaman, Grocer, or Chandler for it, And See that You Get It.

THE WONDERFUL ELECTRIC PLASTER. GENERATES ELECTRICITY, STRENGTHENS THE NERVES. IMPARTS NEW LIFE FORCE. GIVER SUPPORT AND PROTECTION TO WEAK PARTS. BEST OUTWARD APLICATION FOR RELIEVING PAIN. Sold by Chemlite.,te , at le. lfd and 2e. 9d. or Poet Free from ELECTRO-MAGNETIC MEDICAL PLATER CO., LTD.. 101. PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

rIIOMAS CLARKE, EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, MARKET-ST., EARLKSTOWN. A good selection of PLAIN and FANCY STATIONERY 4.lwa,s In stock, London and Provincial Newspapers, Weekly Periodical', Daily and Weekly Papers delivered in the neighbourhood of Barlestown,Wargrave, and the Vulcan. Agent for the old Established Dyers, Davies and Son, Liverpool.

Vublirationo. 44 HOW TO ENURE HEALTII."—A medical werk giving Prescriptions and instructions for the cure of all kinds of Debility; post free, two stamps.—Address Dr. BARNES, 48. Lonsdale Square, Darnsbury, London, N.

AIEN WHO ARE WEAK should read the beet and most valuable work on ATROPHY and VARICOCRLS, by M.D , Ch.M., with special chaptera on the explanation of vital seorets and the certain CURE Of PI NITRATION. DEBILITY and DECAY. The purest guide in essential matters. Post Free, 2d.—Address " SURGEON," Copford Lodge, Brighton Sussex.

FREE TO MEN. When you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you nognod, but wily ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN care tor lost strength, wasting weA lams, dm., from whatever came arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Sent in envolope on receipt of two stamps for postage. —A..I. LEIGH. 92-93. Great Russell-street, London, W.C.

RAPHAEL'S ALMANAC.' FOR 1894. It tells the farmer when to sow his crops and buy and sell his cattle and farm produce It tells the gardener when to sow, plant, transplant, prune. or do anything else. It tells the young men when to court and marry. It tells the unompleved the exact days and hours to seek work with success It tell, w hen to set f owl s, travel.remove,a,k favours,deal with others, buy. sell, sign contracts, speculate, hire servants, Le. ' It contains Birthday Information for every day of the year, also the Fate of any Onild born during 1894. Num roue useful Tables. Legal and Commercial Notices. The Fate of Kings Nations and Individuals. Vivisection. Theosophy. Burned at th- ',take. The ldyetery of Death. Druelt to Children, Price 6d. pest free 7d. Bota.snmit, 4, Pilgrim-et. Ludgate Hill, B.C.—Lowk AXIS LAITHWAITE. Warrington. ~nd all Stationers.

(Oburatton. L ADI ES' SCHOOL, M ELCII ET HOUSE, LYTH AM. —lnclusive terms, special for el. riot, references to arents, vacancy for articleJ pupil.—Principals, the Misses HALKET (Mies. S. Halket,L.L.A.)

CILAREMONT, MOUNT EPHRAI( - ROAD, kJ STREATHAM, LONDON. PREPARATORY SCHOOL for the Sons of Gen Vernen, (Establis)ed 1881.) Tutor a B.A. London, Principal—Mimi JULIA GRIFFITHS. Proapectus on Application.

S- GEORGE'S SCHOOL, (Catho)ic), Brampton, Huntingdon, (1} hours from King's Cross). A thoroughlr Pnlessional or Commercial Education provickd at a moderate pension.—Address The PRINCIPAL,

HOME SCHOOL for YOUNG LADIES. Every comfort, careful training, first-ra'e pr 4.lssors, &BOOM- pli,liments, all exammations, good house, kealthy suburb, tennis.&c.—Mleses LAMB. Grove Park. Lee. S. E.

THE MARLING ENDOWED SCHOOL, STROUD Chairman of Cloven ors Sir W. If. Marling. I3art. School Fees. £ —£3 a Term ; Boarding Fees, onl3 £3O per Annum. Boys admitted at any period at Pro, ortionata Fees. For particulars appl3,.—W. J. UREENSTREET, M.A., Head- master.

I AMES' COLLEGR. POHNIBY-BY-THE-SEA, lietween Southport and Liverpooh conducted by Mn. and Miss CHRISTOPTIERS, Companion Boarder desire for little girl of twelve. Good education; comfortable home and careful training. Incluave moderate terms. Prospectus on application. •

iOZ A B owivMUSIC. r yt S 3 0R OS 110 ~ IA N 1(i OSr 3) ItAitL H Mr. W. LEATHER. begs to announce to the inhabitants of Eariestown, Newton, and District that he HAS OPENED the above School of Alua,c. and is receiving pupila for Sing- ing. Voice Production, Perfecting of Phrasing, and Style. Special training for Concerts, /to., Vices tried Free. Profeasor. vi.it, ueekly for Organ. Piano. Theory, Counter- point, Violin, Mandoline, Guitar, Zither, and Ennio. TERMS MODERATE.

WIDNES ACADEMY OF MUSIC. PRIVATE LESSONS. SELECT DAY AND EVENING CLASSES. PIANO, ORGAN, HARMONIUM, VIOLIN. VOICE PRODUCTION, HARMONY, COUNTERPOINT. COMPOSITION. THREE FREE SCHOLARSHIPS Tenable one year. Thirty-three certificates and prizes gained by students during the year 1891. Prospectus on Application to THE PRINCIPAL.

XMAS PRESENTS! XMAS PRESENTS!! EUSTANCE'S ANNUAL CHRISTMAS SALE COMMENCING FRIDAY. DECEMBER IFT. BONA FIDE DISCOUNT OF 2/ IN THE L-4 E. AND A. EUSTANCE (late EDWARD EUSTANCE.) PRACTICAL WATCH AND CLOCKMAKERS, GOLDSMITHS. SILVERSMITHS AND JEWELLERS. THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43. SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED 1864. FAND A. EUSTANCE have much r. pleasure in announcing their ANNUAL XMAS SALE during which the whole of their vslu- able and extensive Stock of GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES, CLOCKS, JEWELLERY, SOLID SILVER & BEST ELECTRO PLATE will be subject to is BONA FIDE _ DISCOUNT OF 2/ IN THE 2 SALE COMMENCING FRIDAY, DECEMBER lit. They would respectfully call attention to this exceptional opportunity for obtaining HIGH-CLASS NOVELTIES especially suitable for XMAS PRESENTS and NEW YEAR'S GIFTS at an unprecedentedly low rate FROM 10 to 20 PERCENT. LESS THAN CAN 1111 OBTAINED ELSEWHERE—their goods being always marked in plain figures at strictly competitive prices from which there is now is bona fide. 0/ DISCOUNT OF hi/ IN THE 2 N.B.—INSPECTION RESPECTFULLY INVITED WHETHERpt PURCHASE IS MADE OR NOT. PLEASE NOTE THE ADDRESS THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43. SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED 1864.

JA S. M. GREENIIALCHI, fl kjABINET MAKER, T_TNIOLSTERER, AND DECORATOR. SHOWROOM: 48, SANKEY-STREET. WORKSHOP : KING-STREET, WARRINGTON.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT CO. UNDER THE CLOCK. 118, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. LADIES' GAITERS. LADIES' OVER SHOES. LADIES' EVENING SHOES. LADIES' SLIPPERS IN GREAT VARIETY. GIRLS' EVENING SHOES. GENTLEMEN'S GAITERS. GENTLEMEN'S LEGGINGS. GENTLEMEN'S DRESS SHOES. BOYS' DRESS SHOES. BOYS' LEGGINGS. TREES GOLD MEDALS AWARDED. UNDER THE CLOCK.

BY ROYAL APPOINTMENT TO HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN. S. J. WARING AND SONS' LIMITED. COMPLETE HOUSE FURNISHERS. DECORATORS, SANITARY ENGINEERS, ELECTRICAL ENGINEERS, KING-ST.. AND DEANSGATE. MANCHESTER. 42, 44, 46, BOLD-BT., LIVERPOOL, 181, OXFORD-ST.. LONDON. WARING & SONS FURNITURE manu- factured under the Immediate supervision of the FIRM all of whom are practical ; while ARTISTIC in DESIGN teat the same time of SOUND CON- STRUCTION. only the very Best Workmen au. Materials being employed. WING & SONS' BEDSTEADS and BEDD- ING.—BEDSTEADS of SPECIAL DESIGNS de signed in harmony with all the various periods of SHERATON, CHIPPINDALII, LOUIS XV and LOUIS XVI &v. BEDDING manufactured fton, PUREST MATERIAL WARING & SONS' CARPETS.—This DEPART ainNT contains a Complete and Choice Range 0, AXMINSTER, VELVET, BRUSSELS, selecte with greatest care from the FIRST BRITI•01 MANUFACTURERS. Large Range of ORIENTA I CARPET RUGS. Ac. WARING & SONS' EMBROIDERIES.—The,. are being continually consigned by our appointeo AGENTS in Italy, Spain, Portugal and the hest. The Unique Collection comprises CURTAINS BED SPREADS, PIANO TABLE. CUSHION COVERS, and MISCELLANEOUS NOVELTIES of the decoration. WARING & SONS' ANTIQUES and CURIOS, —ln this DEPARTMENT the EXHIBITS consist of RARE MUSEUM SPECIMENS OP NEEDLE- WORK. and TRXTILES, QUAINT DUTCH SILVER, OLD CHINA. CARVED IVORIES and CURIOUS OBJECTS to interest ART Con- noisseurs. WARINCI & SONS' DECORATION.—WARINO and SONS (SUCCESSORS to MURRAY and C 0.,) employ a large staff of Artistic and skill( d DECORATORS and are prepared to advise and estimate for every description of EXTERIOR and PLAIN PAINTING and INTERIOR DECORA- TION AC. WARING & SONS' ELECTRIC LIGHTING.— WARING AND SONS are showing a very Recherche Collection of ELECTRIC FITTINGS in WROUGHT IRON, BRASS, COPPER, OXI- DISED SILVER, and BRONZE in every form of ARTISTIC DESIGN. WARING AND SONS are prepared to submit estimates and drawings for Complete Installations embracing NGIN S. TELEPHONES, ELECTRIC BELLS and INDI- CATORS also BURGLARY and FIRE ALARMS, DYNAMOS end WIRING COMPLETE. WARING & SONS have devoted the greatr.r possible care to place before their Manchester Patrons a Magnificent Exhibition of FURNITURE and [MORA VIONS, and they would point out that they accept to' full responsibility for tin character and dumb' ity of all ARTICLES in the'. Shover, ms, and will be glad to conduct Visit re ' through their Showrooms, without importunity to purchase. WARING & SONS' SYSTBA of BUSINESS.— RELIABLE GOODS only in each DEPARTMENT at a MINIMUM PROFIT FOR CASH. S. J. WARING AND OONS LIMITED. COMPLETE HOUSE FURNISHERS, DECORATORS. SANITARY ENGINEERS, ELECTRICAL ENGINEERS, KING-ST., AND DEANSGATE, MANCHESTER. 42, 44 46, BOLD-ST., LIVERPOOL. 181, OXFORD-ST, LO:4DON,

THE WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANY, LTD (Late Jelin Nunnerley and Co., Ltd.). .1- BUILDERS' MERCHANTS. ARPLY STATION, WARRINGTON, VELINIIELL PBERHYN. AND CARNARVON SLATES. CEMENT, LIME, DRA/N PIPED, FIRE BRICKS; TILES. and every other kind of Builders' Materials kept In stook at our Arpley Wharf, or sent by road, rall, or vessel to any Town or Port in the United Kingdom SOLE AGENTS for the RUGBY PORTLAND CEMRP T Co. Telephone No. IS. Telegraphic Address " Arpley "

AGENTS WANTED, for sale of Rubber Stsrnr B. Types, Stencils. Seal embossing, Machines, tic., liberal terms to pushing saleimen.—Uppington's Factory, Wine Office Court, London.

A.UTOMATIC "PRETTY BABY " ! A " BUMPER " Is. 34. Parcel of Xmas Cards I 1 30 sheets of Newest Scraps given in tII The Scraps alone are worth the money. an. the Xmas Cards are worth much more still. "A happy thought has struck us," that we should like to make the readers of the "Stamford Mercury " a Special Bumper Parcel, so we will do it. Simply write your name and address plainly on a piece of paper, and the words ** Slamford Mercury Special Bumper Parcel of Cards and Scraps," and post it with Postal Order Is. 3d. or 16 stamps, and you win rEceive a parcel per return post paid on approval. No clearance rubbish. but getsuine goods. Enough to send to friends and to decorate mantle-pieces, dec., and make the home bright for Xmas. "If you like the parcel keep it, ymt don't like it. return *4, and we will send your money back in full" This is a clear proof of good faith, and of our trade motto—" A Big 7ade, Not a Big Profit." Every parcel contains nrchoice Xmas Cards which are value from Id. to 4(1. each, and sell for that in the retail way. Cards suitable to send to all adults, and also gool comic ones for the" Little folks," all good and suitable designs ; in fact we have carefully studied them to suit every body. "Fairy Lights," which show rich ruby red lights when cards are held in frent of a light ; good-shaped cards, smoking cap, goose, all labelled for a Xmas present ; ham and e'docen sausage, scent bottle, pretty tinted double-fold- ing cards, chnreics, era and ships. floral cards. with all the flowers of the season. Last.but in no ways least of the cards is one of a " pretty baby "sitting up either in a perambulator or a bath, and when stood up on a table or mantel the pretty "little dear" nods her head to you, without any winding with a key. This Is indeed a pretty nd wonderful mechani- cal work of art, and honestly worth 44. alone. Coloured scrap pletnres have always been the amusing pastime for dark evenings for making pretty scrap books, .Scc , so with every parcel we are " Giving Away " 30 sheets (every sheet differ- ent) of the newest and best coloured scrap pictures in all sizes the majority being large ceNtre and medium sizes in all the new favourite subjects : for example, Santa Claus, Father Xmas pretty birds and nests kittens and puppies at play, retty stands and baskets of flowers. Ac.. something of every thing almost. A "special offer "given with each I arc 1, no blanks, no deciding by lottery or competition whatever. but we guarantee this "special offer" to considerably b'-nefit every receiver of a parcel. Should the demand be above the number we have of any particular card or present, promised above, we guarantee to give two others of equal value Instead. Write to-day, and see how you can benefit yourself and friends. Established 180. Wholesale and Retail. (Late Wm Thetis. Pain )—Address Messrs. PAIN BROTUER9, "Art Traders," Hastings.

INDUSTRIAL Assuamgcr, AGENTS WANTED in all parts of Lancashire and Cheshire. Interest in book and spe.dv promotion to suitable men. Apply INSPECTOL Examiner Office, Warrington.

SOLB PROTECTED AGENCIES' given for the Falcon Pure Yeast. Best on market. Once used alw ye in demand. —Write for report and terms, FALCON YEAST COMPANY, Cradley.Cmdley Heath.

rpo DEALERS, FARMERS AND OTHERS.—WANTED 1 to buy Rabbits and Poultry in large or small quantl- tt.e, send lowest prices to J. OoDeog, Wholesale and Retail Fish and Poultry Dealer. and Commission Agent, 428. Regent-road, Salford, Manchester.

BFT OVF CLOTHES bought, best prioe for parcels for. 1.1 If not approved, goods returned.—Jams GOR- New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer. 326,323.. and 346. DP.ansgare, Manchester.

QECOND-HAND DRESS SUITS, Military, Theatrical,Band Uniforms for sale or bire.—JAMES GORMAN, New and Second-band Clothes Dealer, 326, 328, and 346, D.ansfate, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits perfectly new at a third oost price.

QORE SHOULDERS CURED , BY CONDY'I4 FLUID. Veterinary book free. Horses suffering t-oin sore shoulders. sore backs, cracked heels, grease, or brok,- knees, cured in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with diluted Candy's Fluid. Prices, 8 oz.. is.; 20 oz , 2s.—VrterinarY book free from CONDIng FLUID i onics, 61, Turnmill-str,et, Louden.

HOOPER AND SI M MONS COACH BUILDERS, B. BLATER-STREBT, LIVBRPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock to select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best cork only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams. Landaus. Victorlas. Wagonettes. and Phmtons. now for Sale or Hire.

rPO BS SOLD CHEAP. several Broughams. T andaus. Hansoms, side-light Coaches suitable for Weddings or r nnerals. W.Aggonettes, Dog Carts. Gigs, do., also two or three small Waggonettes to hold six, one with head. Heirses, , Mourning COACiIOS, and Saloon Foneral Busses.—Apply to W. If. Hawn, 13,2elesall-road, Sheffield. HORSES ! HORSES!! HORSRS I!! All colours, dZes, and prices,—To Tradesmen and others,—To save money ,id time and avoid the well-known risks oi fairs and sue- Lions and getting a worthless and useless horse for vour busi- ness, your cannot possib:y do better th n go to W PARKER WOOD 6 TO 16, AINSWORTH-STREHT COPPER AS-HILL, LIVERPOOL. where you cm have one on hire or trial, with a view to purchase, Hirers for long tie short periods liberally dealt with. I resh arrivals weekly of young and useful horses cobs, at di pontos. suitable for all purposes. Horses bought or exchanged,—Note the address.

Iflontp. RBSPECTABLB PBRSON who is in want of money should apply to the nnder-mentioned. Sums of £3 up- words advanced at a few hours notice. Strictest privacy °beer ved whether money advanced or not. Interest and repay n ents at a low rate. Ap,,ly. In strictest confidence, p!rsonally or by letter to—W. B. MOREWOOD, 60, New Cross-st., St. Helens. or 94, Widnr s-road. Widnes.

,t LADY HAVING CASH at her dispos I, is open to make Temporary Ca.4l Advances of £3 and upwards. In con- fidence, to respectable house olders, who wish to avoid the usual unpleasantness and routine of a loan office; no sureties a e asked for, and habitual borrowers need not apply.— Apply personally, or by letter. Mrs. MOREWOOD, 94, Widnes- road. W.dnee.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANCED. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from RIO upwards on BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now being lent annua Ily. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy-st., Manchester. ESTAtLISHED 1870. •

APPLY AND BE CONVINCED. AYR. PRIM 27 Cheat ham Hill Road, Manchester, 1 is prepared to ADVANCE LOANS from £5 and up- wards to respectable Householders. Tradesmen, Farmers and others, without Bondsmen or Sureties. at the following scale ot interest £5 LOAN TO BR REPAID 1.10 £ 5 £2O • £3O £37 l 0 I LARGE SUMS in same proportion. ALL ADVANCES are PAID IN PULL, Distance no object. Money advanced at Borrower's Own House. thus saving them the trout le and expense of a journey. Farmers can have Cash on Terms that no other office can possibly offer. Letters Immediately attended to.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. 'NTH. JOHN B.GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES al. PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Workingmen, and all respectable If( aseholders, on their own security. NiIINEY TO nvensAsn YOUR STUCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO FAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without debty, without Dublin enquiry, on your simple written pmraise to pay back.—Apply Pt VIC. TORIA CHAMBERS (root of the Central Station), iffiDNES, and in WARRINGTCN at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, any Evening from St-. 7. Applications from RUNCORN ano District generally receive precisely the same attention.

GEORGE JACKSON. PAWNBROKE JEWELLER. AND SILVERSMITH. 59, inn 61, CHURCH-ST.. WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS, and MUSICAL IN- SIRUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES. UORFEITED under special con- tract first-class highly finished Payments taken. GOLD ENGLISH LEVER Chrono- graph Centre Seconds Stop WATCH, by Thackhurst, Warrington three- quarter plate movement, fully jewel- led. Compensating balance. Cost originally Twenty two pounds ten. Will give written guarantee for ten 213 Ds. rears. Only JUST forfeited. Gent's splendid SILVER LEVER WATCH, new Payments taken. twelve months ago, by " Swain and Co., of Bristol," cost four guineas, warranted for five years. in perfect order. Only 275. D. M AOGVIEIFIZAWEN WALNUT Payments taken. equals new, latestdeslgn, having very hands.me canopy top, with five best English plate bevelled mirrors, usual brackets, 49 by 48, no finer glass in Smaller in stock. S. 2,2 15 Warrington. LADY'S very handsome second- hand SILVER WATCH, first- Payments taken. class timekeeper. Jewelled with Rubies, handsome dial, in flowera and c lours, engraved elites, Cost two guineas, will give written guarantee 14 6 for three years, sacrifice for S. D. CA PITA L mahogany HAT and UMBRELLA STAND. Six arms Payments taken. eight pegs. glove box, and metal dish. 198. 6D. Wonderfully cheap.

a. d. 6 BOTTLE C RUET, white metal 3 BOTTLE CRURT, white metal LOBBY CLOTH, yard wide 8 0 VIOLIN, very good tone 5 11

-VIRE PROOF PIM AND CHIP POTATOB COOhING RANGBS. Birch's latest patent chip machines and knives to fit any kind of machines.—Bic. Milhr-street, Manchester,

BD NOSES, preventi, n ftud cure, simple and ( ffectual it, treatment; no drugs, proven genuine, nil particulars post free le. postal order.—Address P P., Examiner Office, Warrington.

mr 0 NDBRF UL HAIR RESTORER for grey and red hair, acts in a week ; price 2s 64. (free by pest. secretly pa, Iced 35.) FEED. LEWIS. and Co., LTD.. 6, Fleet-street. Dublin. Name this paper.

T OVELY PARC EL.—Plush, velvet. satin. brocade; one I ls. 6:l two 2s. 3d.; splendid bazaar assortment, ss. ; 2(0 crazy pieces &. 6d.; post free.—MADAM WORTH, 1 2, Godolphin-road, London, W.

TT THOMSON'S for CHRI,TMAS CATtDS. Crib Cards post free Bd..lar,er size is. The Catholic Game Way to Heaven "on stout boards. post free Is. 91. Bone Totum 714. extra.-16, Friargate, Preston.

T) UNCORN.—TO BE SOLD, the premises in Bridge-st., 11 recently occupied by the William Deacon and Manches- ter and Salford Bank Limited.—For further particulars Apply at the DANK. Victoria Buildings, Runcorn.

TORN LOWE, Fire and Thief -proot SAFE MAKER, has ON S./ SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. —3B. Albert-street. King-street West, Manchester.

ROiARY RINGS for I,dies or gentlemen ; solid silver, with eruc;fix on top and Beads round ; hundreds sold. price 28 3d.esch Send size of finger to Jonxemmanuiacturlng jeweller, Upper Pershore rd., Birmingham. Mention paper.

MIDISON PHONOGRAPH. COMPLETE CUTFITSFOR SALE. ri Record. and Blanks (Wax Cylinders), and supplies at reasonable prices. Machines with splendid records, lent out to bazaars, At Homes, &c,—A. LOMAx, Cionce-st., Black- pool.

How TO MAKE CHEAP FUEL. Important Discovery, splendid substitute for clais, gives intense heat, and lasts a long time; materials always to hand cost 3& per t ; recipe sent for Is.—Address J. YELL/ND, South Normal:don, Alfreton.

BILLIARDS BAGATELLIS i—The , cheapest house for Willard and Bagatelle 'Tables and litquisites is Hamm° Enos.. LTD.. 29, High-st., Landon, W.C. Scud for new Price List, cloth and cushion sasnples, post tree. Batablieked 1862.

sTEREOSCOPIC VIEWS In stock (includ- I 01000 lug Ship Canal) from 2s. dozen. Magic lante•us and slides, new and second hand. Wonderfully cheap.—PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT, 71, Oxford-st. (All Sainte). Manchester.

WATCI4I t 18.—Silver Watch, strong mem 6 jewels. fla crystal glass,l plate movement warranted for 5 yeers. only ty'e size. 235. 6d.. sent post tree by .109RPH PRITCHARD. watchmaker. 51, Iligh-street, Runcorn. Estab- lished over half a century.

F°' No DRAM— Thousands bare 'Ten billed with Sanford's Poison. Hun& eds of farmers that have used it eay it is ti e I eel poiwe, known as they find p lot of rats dead by toting it. Post tree is. 2t1., Zs.. 3s box, of SANFORD anti SON banoy, Beds. Send stamp and try It. Sold by chemis s.

I ODIC! LOOK! I LOOK !—Greatest Bargain on I Barth.-10 000 Waterproof Hoods and Capes, purchased from tbe Government ;cost 7s. 6d. each. I will send a Hoed ant ape for 24 stamps, post free; quite new, hut put out of service.- From 11Y. JOHN GASSOri, Government Contractor. ftye. Sussex.

HBARTINE CURES HEART DISH SE, and all Diseases of the Nervous System. One bottle pr, yes it. Weak Heart awl Palpitation Sufferers try this ; three bottles will effect a thorough cure. Of all chemists, or carriage free 2s. 2d. cash, of C. WOODCOCK, 190, High-strtet, Liueoln, or at LEWIS'S. Markel-street. Manchester.

I YLB and HANNAY'S Patent Lucigen Light Plant, con- sistingof two lamps, each with circula• wrought-iron vistera ot 30 gallons earacity : circular %%rough!, iron re- aetver or accumulator, 30-in, diameter by 48in. deep; air comprePsor ant steam engine combined, by Lyle.—Address W. H. KAY, 182, Blackburn-road, Haslingden.

DIAMOND WALL POCKRTS. Boy' direct from the maker at half the retail price. the cheapest, prettiest, and most useful article ever offered for making home att,ac- tive. Size 14-5 3 pairs 25.. makes a handsome birthday or wedding present ; six pairs 3s 9d., each pair different ; securely packed and carriage paid.—C. PARKER, stoke- under-If am, Somerset.

JJOHN JONES and SONS have had om the stocks In their building yard, Brunswick Dock, Liverpool, the follow- ing STEAMERS, suitable for the canal, coasting, and contin- ental trades and Invite inspection : Screw NTEAMEII, to carry 15/ tons, Screw STI.AMER, to carry 350 tons, Screw STEAMER, to carry 500 tons. of the highest class an i fitted with the most modern rnwehin cry. Duplicates can be ready in I rom tiireE to four months. , Export orders for steamers end machinery and boilers can be I shipped at trifling cost.

NOTTINGHAM LACE CAPES. SPLENDID SILK LACE CAPES 2s. 6n. AND 38. SD, EACH. Carriage paid ; superior quality 63 lid, worth 15s. fit and quality guarauta-d. Beautiful white -kilts, full size- trimmed deep lace, 2s. 61, ; trimmed with embroidery, 46.6 d., good value. Carriage paid. W:u. COTTON, Lace and Lace Curtain Manufacturer, Weekday Cross, Nottin,,harn.— Bstablished 50 years.

ISTROGO Mewl. 174 131), an eminent London authority \_.l says. me.iica! Speciality for Consumptions." 7/te Prescription of a living l'hysi ion. Sovereign remedy for consumption and wasting diseases of the lungs, consumption of bowels and wasting diseases of inte,tines, and decay of kidneys; scrofula, neck runnings bloodlessness. nervousness, debility, wasting in Infants, delicate and nervous children. Sce. Descriptiv. pamphlet, post free.—Bottles with direc- tions. 23. 6d and 4s, 6d., mast chemists, or post free from the manufacturer, W Baum, Post Office Buildings. Portobello, Pdinburgh.

A WARDED FIRST PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition, 1887, and Sydney Centenary Exhibition. 1888. —TO PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. Cheapest House In London for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings —all the newest designs. Two million feet always in Sti..3lt. Veneered and fancy woo(' mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every description, oleographs,Ac. Further reduction in prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipping ordera. Full particulars in pattern book and catalogue (85 pages 4to demy revised for 1891) for Id. stamps.—H. MORELL, 17 and 18, Great St. Andrew-st., Bloomsbury, London. Telegraphic address "Rabbitry," London. Stock lists and prices of glass monthly. free.

CONTINUATION OF REDUCTIONS OF THE RESIDUE OF STOCK, AD AT PRICES THAT MUST COMMAND AN ENTIRE CLEARANCE AT THE TEMPLE OF ARTS FURNITURE ESTAB- LISHMENT, 164 AND 166, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON. SIDEBOARDS. A few Splendid Sideboards from 4 feet to 7 feet eta reduction of 15 to 25 per cent. from the plainly marked usual priors. BEDROOM SUITES. Bedroom Suites from £5 to £BO, amongst v hich are some very handsome Suites in al- most every kind of Wood and decorated, at a reduction of 10 to 25 per cent, from the plainly marked usual prices. BEDSTEADS. Iron. Iron and Brass, and all Brass Bed- steads, at greatly reduced prices. CARPETS AND HEARTHRUGS, az. Carpets. Hearthrugs. Floor Cloths Lino- leum, Mattings, and Mats of every &scrip- Mon. and at very low prices. Beds and Mattressespf every kind made, and Bedding of all sores. A 1 quality, and at prices that cannot fail to give satisfaction. CONTINUATION OF REDUCTIONS AT THE TEMPLE OF ARTS, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON, R. W. MARSH. ESTABLISHED 1864.

IJWHITIMOTJSE'S Comb. Mirror and Case for fd. ; 6 • cards Linen Buttons for Id. ; Gil, Photo Frames id. each Long Grey Furs. is. I.ld. Sale on. 34 and 36,Thomas- street, of, Oldham-street, Manchester.

SQALREXTRAMIDINARACE CURTAINS.—we are clearing 2 7gC pairs (slightly seiled). usual price ss. 9d., now 3s. 9d. Tlernstltched (yerychoice)los.lll., now ss. 11d, Carriage Paid NTRAL LACE Co., Nottingham.

OH RIENTAL RECIP to improve and beautify the com- plexion. removes blotches, freckles, pimples, Sm.. makes the wrinkled skin smooth, harmless, genuhse. inexnensive, post free, 18.—TifousoN, 117 Rssex-road, Islington, London.

B--- ARGAIN.—Dhandl d F ary Crockorv.anurnishing TRADE great thorollglitare ; thickly populated neighlxv,rho d ; no opposition ; rent £26 clear ; trade proved ; principals only treated ; with fixtures £3o.—Apply 13. Cazneau-street Liverpool-

MO BE SOLD BY PRIVATB TREATY, a Capital FREE- HOLD DWELLING ROUSE. situate No. 40, Victoria Terrace, Rnutsfortf-road. Warrington.—For particulars app y Mr. ARTHUR HROWYE, Solicitor Or. tO Mr. THOMAS COWDELL, stat e agent, 1, Mill-street, Warrington.

AFORTUNE FOR is. id—Twelve genuine and reliable re toes or Is. Id. Arabian horse tamer's secret, subdue most vicious horse, and make him follow vu like a pet dog. Sure corn cure, liquid mucilage. To make wax flowers. Certain cure for drunkenness. Cider without spples. Ten jockey trieks. Hair restorative and invigorator. Indelible ink for marking linen. Silver-plating fluid Everlasting fence posts. French polish or dressing for leather.—CHARLES COLD•A'RNE, Findon. Sussex.

To SKIPNAKERS AD OTHERS.—ON SALE, 100 Tons e kNE, WILLOWS, HAZELS. &e.—G. JONES, 11. Victoria Bridge, Manchester. fp 0 PITRNITITE% REMOVERS, GARDENERS, AND OTHERS,—MATS, MATS, from 3s. 6d. per dozen. G. M. JONES, 11, Victoria Bridge, Manchester. HURDLES. WOOD HURDLES.—G. M. JONFS, 11, Victoria Bridge, opposite the Old Church, late 40. I ieansgate. V EAST, YEAST. YEAST.— Whol.sale Tce-P6t ; all Brands; 1 established 1643.—G. M. JONEi, 11, Victoria Bridge, I,tanchcster. WINES AND SPIRITS. Cheapest in Mincheeter, quality considered,—G.M. JONES. 11, Victoria Bridge.

IX /ARRINGTON UNION.—COAL CONTRACT.—The V Guardians o the Warrington Union invite THND- MS for the supply of COAL and SLACK at the Workhouse, and of Coal at the Padgate Schools, until the 31st day of March 1394. The pit so d quality of coal must be named in the Tender. Forms of Tenders and particulars as to the probable quantities required may be obtaineri at my office. Each 'fender to be properly sealed, and endorsed. •• Tender for Coal and Slack. By Order. JAMBS C. SUTTON, Clerk to the Guardians. 13ewsey Chambers, Warrington, November 30th. 1893.

DRFS'7OT UNION—CONTRACTS FOR PROVISIONS, 1 ere.— Persons desirous of contracting with the Guardians I of this Union. for the next Six months for supplying at the Wor .honee the several articles hereinatter named, viz : Flour. Oatmeal. Margarine. Cheese, Groceries, Eggs, Wheat Straw. Hay. Coal, Linen and Woollen Draperyand Clmhing, Cloth. Ironmongery, Timber. Paint. Farthenware.Hardware. Tinware, Leather, Boots and Shoes, and other articleS, are requested to deliver Sealed Tenders, upon forms to be ob- tained at my Office, at the Boardroom of the said Union, in Whiston, on or before THURSDAY, the 14th December, before 10 a m. The Guardians will also take Tenders for English-killed 13eef,Mutton, and Suet, for 1? months. Such Tenders will be opened at the meeting of the Guard. lane on the last-oamed day. sm., plea of Imperishable articles req .ired may be seen at the Workhouse. Security will be required for the performance of the con- tracts. The Guardians do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender. By Order of the Board, • A. F. MANN, Union Clerk. Union Offices. Whiston. Prescot. 30th November, 1893.

' DOUGLAS'S REAL RHEUMATIC CURE Is the only sate and true remedy for Rheumatic, Sciatic, and Gout. The Heat 'Thematic Cure is a Bout, medicine to be taken internally. It speedily des- :roys and drives out 01 the syst"em the morbid and REAL gou t 3 matter which excites and produces all the pains end inflam- RHEUMATIC attons which are associated in an attack of rheu- matism, whether CURE acute or chronic. Never kn . owo to fail in Rheumatic fever.-24,Cannte- Thar Sir, my daughter was afflicted tor two years with rheu- matism and was attended by thre.- doctors and given up In- ctirabl ~ The day before taking your medicine she fainted far want of appetite and lo,s of sleep. After taking two bottles of your Real Rheumatic Cure. she was restored to health. Yours faithfully. Mrs lloskinson. Witness to this Cure, it,-v Jor.rph D Sexton, The English Martyra,Preston. Other testimonials sent free. The Real Rheumatic Cute is sold by all Chemists throughout the United Eh whim at 2s. 9d per bottle, or post free with lull directions, 33 stamps from the Proprietors : DOUGLAS AND CO., 24, GRIMSHAW-ST.. BURNLEY.

Telephone: N 0.55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTAIE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT. AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers, Auartew Rooms—No.,l Bank Street f- Warrington. AGENT TO—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Assochtien Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boiler Insurance Company, Lin.ited. Established 1864.

HARNESS, WINTER HORSE CLOTHING aryl GENERAL SADDLERY. MONDAY neat, and two following dives. at the MART, 37, Corporation-st., Manchester, at 11 each day. AI R. WILLIAM ELLIS will SELL by AUCTION I. a Manufac urer's Stock of HARNESS, WINTER HORSE CLOIHING mid GENERAL 6ADDLERY. View each morning of ,ale. Catalogues on application.

PROPERTY AT WARRINGTON STOCKTON HEATH. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION BY MR. THOMAS SUTTON at the BLUE BELL INN, In Warrington on THURSDAY, the 14th DECEMBER, 1893, at 4 for 5 p.m. prompt, subject to the conditions to be therein produced. LoT I.—A FREEHOLD SHOP and DWELLING-HOUSE being No. 43. Brid. e-street. Warrington, with the workshop ard, and back m emi see thereto belonging now in the occupa- tion of Mr. Joseph Partington, tailor and outfitter, as tenant. This property is situated in one of the principal streets of the Town. being the main thoroughfare from Lancashire to Cheshire. LOT 2.—Eight DWELLING-HOUSES with the yards and premises thereto belonging, known as '• Birchdale View" in Bedford-street. Stockton Heath, in the occupations of Messrs. Worrall, Roberts, Carbishley, Thorpe, Lewis, En- twistle. Buck and Stead as tenants. LOT 3. Pour DWELLING-HOUSES with the yards and premises thereto, belonging in Bostock-st., Stockton Heath, in the occupa ion of Messrs. Dobson, Evans, Brown, and Plummer as tenants. The tenure of Lots 2 and 3 is freehold subject to a chief rent of £9 14s. 4d., which will be apportioned as follow, namely : 9s. Bcl.. on Lot 2, and £3 4s, Bd., on Lot 3. These lots have been lately built by Mr. Arnold, and are always tenanted. Far further particulars as to Lot 2 and 3 apply to Mr. Wm. Arnold, Stockton Heath. and es to the whole to Mes•rs. ROBERT DAVIES. KiRECONNEL, DAVIES and BURGHS a, Solicitors, Warrington. November, 1893.

THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT 8 & 10, IiORSEMARKET-ST., WARRINGTON. EXTENSIVE ALTERATION AND IMPROVEMENT OF PREMISES. THE M.C.D. are now displaying in their NEW AND MAGNIFICENT RANGES, a greeter variety than ever of THE LATEST PRODUCTION in MEN'S YOUTHS' ad BOYS' OVERCOATS. A FEW LEAD iPG LINES ARE MEN'S Double-Breasted MONSTERS or GREATCOATS (Lined Wool). MEN'S Double-Breasted MONSTERS or GREATCOATS (for Travelling) MEN'S Double-Breastel MUN,TERS or GREATCOATS (with or without 21 / TO belts) 2 TO 50/". in Heavy Wool FRIEZES, Cheviots, and Serges Ac., Ate. MEN'S Chesterfield OVERCOATS. with Velvet Collars, (Long Lengths) MEN'S Chesterfhld OVERCOATS, 18/6 with Velvet Collars (Short Lengths) FROM 18,/6 In the Special Diagonal Serges. FROM In Choice Hopsae Serges. In the New Kyrie Serges. MARVELLOUS VALUE. MEN'S Chesterfield OVERCOATS, In Fine Blue Beavers with Silk Velvet 91 I••• Collars L / MEN'S Chesterfield OVERCOATS in all Wool Indigo Dyed Beavers. All Wool Milled Meltons fie.. with Silk26/6 TO 3 / Velvet Ooliars MEN'S CAPE, Chesterfields (Extra iQ long Capes) lOP/ t TO V MEN'S INVERNESS CAPES, (lined;)o la 601 through L.i.ia/ VTO _ 'SIBS'S SCOTCH CLOAKS, (with or‘) 9la without sleeves) hi .4 TO (. ) In Heavy Stylists Tweeds—Vatue Unequalled. THE Mal/ are showing a large and Choice Variety of Youths' and Boy's 1 / OVERCOATS FROM IV/ TO 35/- YOUTH'S Double-Breasted MUNSTERS (Lined Wool) YOUTH'S Double-Breasted NIUNSTERS The Fashionable Coats.) YOUTH'S Double-Breastel MONSTERS, (with or without belts.) In Choice SELECTIONS of FRIEZES, CHEVIOTS, TWEEDS, Ac., YOUTH'S Chesterfield OVERCOATS. with Velvet Collars. In Spenial Twill • end Diagonal Serges in the New Kyrie and Itopeac Serges. In Fine Blue Beavers and all Wool Meltons FROM 10/6 THE M.C.D. 1 YOUTH'S CAPE. Chesterfields (Extra long). YOUTH'S INVERNESS ' CAFES, (lined through). YOUTH'S SCOTCH CLOAKS, (with :ong Cayes) in FttOM _L 1/if TO BOY'S CAPE, Chestexfields, (Extra long). BOYS' INVERNESS CAPES, (lined through). BOYS' SCOTCH CLOAKS. (with long napes). in a Splendid assortment of Fashionable gin 25/- Tweeds, fie. FROM 11l V TO THE 111•C•D• have a choice range of JUVENILE OVERCOATS, bands only trimmed with Astrachan or Kyrle ' very fashionable FROM 11 / ! gra IHE M.C.D. Stock of BOYS' Double: Breasted REEFER OVERCOATS contains new features for Juvenile wear. BOYS' D.B. REEFERS, in Blue Naps 6 with gilt buttons FROM Lli BOYS' D.B. REEFERS in Heavy Tweeds, (braided sailor collars) FROM 5/9 BOYS' D.E. REEFERS in Special Serges and Eyries FROM V/ SEE THE M.C.D. WINDOWS. 8 & 10, BORSEMARKET-ST., WARRINGTON.

TREMENDOUS REDUCTION IN PRICE OF LIPTON'S HAMS. THE FINEsT IN THE WORLD. SPECIALLY SELECTED 12 w 16 The. OWN , P7l/ PER BRAND. /2D. LB. LEAN, MILD, AND FINE' FLAVOURED. Every Ham Guaranteed Perfection. OTHER CHOICE QUALITIES 61/2D. AND 7D. PER LB. No matter what price is paid, finer cannot be had. BACON! BACON!! AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. Tons of extra choicest quality cured in my own establshments. IN SIDES, ROLLS, AND CUTS. THE SECRET how Lipton can sell Hams and Bacon cheaper than all competitors is because he is one of the Largest Curers In the World. Customers buying from him save all Mi dlemen's Profits, and get a , much superior article. LIPTON, THE LARGEST TEA. COFFEE. AND • PROVISION DEALER IN THE WORLD. LOCAL BRANCHES : WARRINGTON : Corm=r of Bridge-st ,and Friar's Gate. MANCHESTER 26 Oldham-st , and Stretford-rd.. (Corner of Cambridge-st.) ASIITON-UNDER-LYNE : 175, Stamford-st. OLDHAM : 47, Mumps. BRANCIIES and AGENCIES throughout the World.

DR. OCOTT'S PILLS Cure Headache and Sickness. Cure Indigestion. Cure Flatulence and Heartburn. Cure all Bilious Affections.

DR. OCOTT'S PILLS Are a Tonic Purifier. Stren.ahen the Whole System. Induce Cheerfulness. Invaluable as a Family Medicine.

In. SCOTT'S PILLS Cure Loss of Appetite. Cure Del ression of Spirits. Cure al Disorders of the Blood. Cure Lass I ude and Nervgusness.

DR. UOTT BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS. Are wrapped in a square green package, bearing the name of the proprietor, W. LAMBERT 173, Seymour Place. London, W by post for 14 or 34 stamps.

WELCOME ALWAYS, KEEP IT HANDY, 1,3-RANT'S MORELLA CHERRY BRANDY, Have you ever tasted this delicious liqueur, which Is made from the famous Rent Morellas QUEEN'S QUALITY for generai use. SPORTSMAN'S QUALITY for xercise in the open air. SOLD EVERYWHERE. Ask for GRANT'S, anddon't be put if with inferior makes. THOS. GRANT AND SONS. MAIDSTONE.

TO WL E'S /HLORODYNE RENOWNF.D EOR COWGHS. TOW L E'S CHLORODYNE INFLUENZA, TBUONO HITIS, o WLE'S CHLORODYNE Co N SUMPTION. TASTHMA, O W LE'S I_AILORODYNE SPASMS, WHOOPING COUGH, OWLE'S CIILORODYNE INFLUENZA, &C. 24 DOSES for 131 d, It Is IMPORTANT to INSIST on having TOWLE'S as other preparations and makes are pushed for sake of extra profit.

HIGHEST HONOURS. LIPTON'S DELICIOUS TEAS HAVE GAINED THE HIGHEST AND ONLY AWARD IN THE BRITISH SECTION AT THR WORLD'S PAIR. CHICAGO. These famous Teas are to be had at all Lipt4n's Branches and Agents. NOTE THE PRICES RICH. PURE, AND FRAGRANT PER 1/ & 1/4 LB. THE FINEST THE WORLD CAN PRODUCE AT PER 1/7 LB. NO HIGHER PRICE. LIPTON, TEA AND COFFEE PLANTER. CEYLON. Ceylon Tea and Coffee Shipping Warehouses Meddema Mills. Clan amon Glarlen, Colombo. Ceylon Offices : Upper Chatham Street, Colombo. Indian Tea Shipping Warehouses and Export Stores : liar, Street. Strand Calcutta. Indian Offices ; Dalhousie Square. Caleatta. General Offices : BATH STREET, cvrr SOAR, London, ILO. Branches and Agencies throughout the Word.

THOMAS LEA, CONFECTIONER AND WHOLESALE BREAD BAEHR, CHURCH-STREET, RUNCORN, Begs to inform his numerous patrons that he has just opened, as a Branch Establishment, the Shop, 38, lIIGII-STREET, RUNCORN, with high class confectionery and fancy breads. Orders will receive prompt attention.

BOVRIL THE GUARANTEED PRODUCT OP PRIME OR BEEF. FORTIFIES THE SYSTEM AGAINST IN kJOLDS AND CHILLS. SERVED HOT AT RESTAURANTS. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS. CHEMISTS, STORES, Ac.

is very desirable that the Comp my—which was ondowed with a royal charter by the late Tory Government—should meet any such imputations 'With a full and frank explanation.

GRATH WITH THE EXAMINER. , ON SATURDAY, DEC., 16th, OUR ANNUAL SIIEET ALMANAC. Printed in two colours upon toned paper WILL BE PRESENTED TO EACH PURCHASER OF THE EXAMINER. The Sheet will be ADORNED WITH A. STRIKING AND EFFECTIVE VIEW OF THE I T _LATCHFORD VIADUCT oN THE SHIP CANAL AND WILL CONTAIN MANY NEW FEATURES EMBODYING A LARGE AMOUNT OF LOCAL AND GENERAL INFORMATION, A DVER TISERS WILL DO WELL TO AVAIL THEMSELVES OF TRH LARGELY INCREASED CIRCULATION OF THE EXAMINER ON ALMANAC DAY. -- NEWSAGENTS ARE REQUESTED TO ORDER EARLY.

M:AN.-H.D....0:0

"FOR THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE." . . Vitify:amAiik PI 'rfl E.GR EAT, 011111)BLOOD PURIFIER AN RE STO RR • warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, frora whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Skin and Wood lli.eases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvelloi 8. It is the only red speciiic f,,r Gout and Rheumatic l'ains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials . In bottles 2e. 9d. and 11. each, of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or In stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY, LINCOLN. BEWARE OF WORTHLESS IMITATIONS.

How Lost! How Regained! INVALUABLE REMARKS for Young and Middle-Aged Men. h ! EDI' lON 77-ie KNOW THYSELF. Or SELF-PRESERVATION. A little work in brief on NERVOUS DEBILITY. EXIIAUSTED VITALITY PREMATURE DECLINE, aml all ACQUIRED DI- SEASES, and WEARNESSES {.)E SAN. their CAUSE and CURE. Remarks on the ssbject of how to preserve the health when in possession of it. and how to regain it when lost. The boat means of restoring brain fag. impaired memory, incapacity for atudy or business, general debility of the System, and all 'sr:sting of the lioesa. e. This little woi k yid ho found void of Latin 'phrases and fancy words, and will ho found lirlrf, precise, and void of unnecessary reading. Fifteen minutes spent in its perusal will teach the reader more than Rye days' reading in any book written this subject. If you thin): IT CONCERNS YOU will be sent yon in pain emu, ono awl SEALED for rive Penny Stamps. sk,idress—G uina LACORATORY. Bradford, Vorkshire. ADVICE FREE LIT Lv,irrn ADVT. COPTRICHIT Itcktion iSis Jasper.

A. WONDERFUL MEDICINE. BEECHAI‘I'S PILLS ARE universally admitted to be worth a Guinea a Box for Bilious and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fullness and Swelling after Meals, Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Mailings ot Heat, Lost of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Scurvy and Blotches on the Skin, Du" turbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb- ling Sensations. Lc. The first dose will give relief in twenty minutes. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try one Bosco those Pills, and they will be acknowledged to be WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. ' For females of all ages these Pills are invaluable, as a en doses of them carry oft all hurnoura, and bring about all that is required. No female should be without them. There is no medicine to be found equal to Beediant's Pills for removing any obstruction or irregularity of the system. If taken ac- cording to the directions given with each box, they will soon restore females of all ages to sound and robust health. This has been proved by thousands who have tried them, and found the benefits which are ensured by their um For a Weak Stoma:3h, Impaired Digest:on, and all Disorders of the Liver, they act like magic, and a few doses will be found to work wonders on the most important organs in the human machine. They strengthen the whole muscular system, restore the long lost complexion, bring back the keen edge of appetite, and arouse into action with the rosebud of health the whole physical energy of the human frame. These arc FACM testified continually by members of all chases of society, and one of the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debilitated is, BEECHAM'S PILLS have the Laryeat Sale of any Patent Medicine in the World. BEECHAM'S MAGIC COUGH PILLS. As a remedy tor Coughs in general, Asthma, Brottobe, Affections, Hoarseness, Shortness of Breath, Tightness and Oppression of the ant, Wheezing, Lc., these Pills stand wi rivalled. They are the best ever offered to the public, and will speedily remove that sense of oppression and difficulty of breathing which nightly deprive the patient of rest. het any person give BEECHAM'S COUGH PILLS a trial, and the most violent Cough will in a short time be removed. Prepared only, and Sold Wholesale and Retail, by the Pro prietor, Thomas Beecham, St. Helens, Lancashire, in Boxes Sid., Is. lid. end 2s. 93. each. Sold by all Druasts and Patent Medicine Dealers every where. N.8.--Full directions are given with ench box.

MANUFACTURERS OF DECORATIVE AND ART FURNITURE. T.-At Wk; • - - t .E raR JOHNSOIsi • 10.E1*.a. AS:6/JP,..OO:§TERERS L./4 iltiv utl NI itt 6:4% 44kii • E, • • :n! *AV 14 5 BY PATENT MACHINERY

BROOKE, BOND & Co. Think of the millions of men, women, and chil- dren in our teeming land and then realise that Brooke, Bond & Co. supply one out of every thirty in those myriads with Tea. THAT FACT IS THE BEST PROOF OF VALUE. WE DO NOT FEAR COMPETITION, and we court comparison, for our position is impregnable. WHY? BECAUSE we buy for " cash " and sell for " cash " many million pounds of Tea every year; so we can sell and do sell every pound for the sntallest profit. We deal in TEA ONLY. It is plain indeed that a firm which devotes all its attention to Tea alone must give the Public the best possible value In Tea. Our gigantic business has been established twenty-three years, our reputation is so high. and we have altogether so much at stake that we are thus bound by the best and surest of all guaran • tees to do the utntost possible for the Public and firr you. WILL YOU NOW TRY THE TEA ITSELF? It is said in One-pound, Half-pound, and Quarter. pound Packets. Each is prepared and sealed by us at our owe Warehouses, and bears our Signature and celebrated Trade Mark of the double-triangle or six-pointed star. OUR AGENTS draw their supplies constantly from us, and they sell exactly the same Tea at the same prices as at our celebrated warehouses. Ip-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 2/-, 2/4 or 2/8 per lb. WE ARE GLAD to receive applications for Agencies in this District from energetic trades- people. Selling our Tea is already a regular annuity to thousands of enterprising men and women. BROOKE, BOND, & CO., LIMITED, 17, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER, AND AT LEEDS. DRADFORD. AND LONDON.

RO STABLE IS CO' fl AR LLIMAN S "4° ' Ir- y- -... '.ii./.• c.•? .*0.4, ~_-_- - 7 . 1 ( r, ~.5.,_,,............._ scf, . 1,,,-. :'-:,‘„7. ."- $. :144 .AP .7• . . van '• 61 ilr .• • • ;.k:rilliii 111,44 ROW i. i .1 k,....1 max _ it , , , -',' ° EMBPP

101 SPIIIINS. CURBS, ALSO SPLINTS WHIN FORMING& TOIL OVER-REACHES, cnArrEn HEILE, WIND GALLS. FOIL 1111EUMA1 Sk 12f HORSKS. TOR SORE THROATS AND INFLUENZA. POE BROKEN KNEES, BRUISES, CAPPED nom& FOR SORE SHOULDERS, SORE MACES. 101 SPRAINS, evrs. BRUISE* IN DOGS. ros CRAZ.IP 125 BUDS. " huFiorpenpahle in any staLle but especially ia the stable of a Master of llounds. APTIN,NIX, "MileGT of the iki w,e:-hhire Houltds " ELLIMAN'S UNIVERSAL E P,I3ROCATIOI4 FOR - UV" BRUISES 1 11 CHEST COLDS • 2 SORETHROAinymCoLo-5-riFFNESa Prepared only by ELLIMAN SONSJ.C?Slottlane ELLIMAN'S UNIVERSAL EMBROCATION RHEUMATISM' LUMBAGO. SPRA_INS. 4-1:S114 • 461:119 BRUISES 1 1 1 ,SORETHROATpsmCCLO-STIFFNESS CHEST COLDS pre ared onl fy ELLIMAN SONSI.VSlovghEng

, WOODS' PATENT GALVAN ISED STEEL WIRE fIATTRESSES, With French and Persian Be..,tca,la complete. 4R No.lo3s—Fronth. t `l‘ To be seen carrying r ONH TON. G. 7 We Challenge - . A• J other WiroMattress t a "li"4-1,Y.A.. to stand thiß Teat ll , -,A0,f0-;::,:ia • But is it ever re- _ ',': -' .:.;V•:'-57.,144, quired of a dfattress , t , ~, ' ..., one ton' Certainly sg, o.:oeitsn. 8 t Hithertoth e use the om af ,a4:413: twoh." n ierye;ml complaint attehre ahlaster beaentinahnet, which was true. We give this severe test to prove that ours will not stretch. If they do within 6 years we will roplace with new ones. To be had from THOMAS SUTTON, Sale Rooms, Legh Street. THE LONGFORD WIRE Co .LimIted.WARNINGTON.

"EXAMINER" STEAM PRINTING WORKS BEWSEY STBY3a, MAMMOTH POSTERS: A SPECIALITY. AUCTIONEERS' CATALOGUES, PLACARDS, &c. LAW FORMS AND SOLICITORS' GENERAL PRINTING With Neatneet, Accuracy, and Deopatch. -- A CHOICE ASSORTMENT OF MODERN TYPE, ORNAMENTS, &c. ACCOUNT BOOKS RULED, PRINTED and Bound in any Style. LEDGERS, DAY BOOKS, JOURNALS, CASH BOOKS, ORDER BOOKS, AT THE "EXAMINER 'WORKS, LIRWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

• SWIFT GOLD MEDAL , e SEW EARRISON —4&. r TT ER '""' KNITS stocUnwm, Clothing in Wool, Sal:, or Cotton. Loa• 241. per Poet. TRIUMPHANT A WARDat PA /CIS. Th• only WININER In the WOULD of 5 Gold .51eNnla. Ale° Makers of the OLIN I•eoulleas :Slackly fi Ribber. Drench Olike, 77. OifORD ST.. I.osysToY MN rlsoki KNITTING 1/IN,NINN Co. W. 1.. 65. (.11,PEIL )311QAMG ST.. MAIJCILENTIND.

PILLS & OINTMENT Are acknowledged by all to be The Best Medicines for Family Use. MANUFACTURED ONLY AT 78, NEW O,XFOID STREET, LONDON. And Sold by all Medicine roulors tlowitylewit Ole World.' AdViCe Grfstic st the Above rtddrte., thiily, betwueu the hour. a 11 and 4, or by hltter.

. LATHERS FREELY IN THE HARDEST WATER, I ~ATSOPIS ' ICHIESS CLEANS'. )V 4' 1S 5 , dip tt p FOR ALL THE BEST Mr ~,, PURPOSES. LARGEST SALE OF 111). TABLETS IN THE IVOELD. R EAD A re•prodoetion of THE SPLENDID PICTURE, "THE CHARGE OF THE LIGHT BRIGADE" THIS (The famous" gold:Jess Cleanser " Show Card), will bo seri t, in good o it t frame, carriage paid, to any, reader who will forward, with full n em e and oildress,lso Matchless Cleanser Soap W RAPPERS (outside wrapper in RED and BLACK only). addressed to Joseph Watson and soos. Whitehall Esiap Works. Leeds. Wrappers will not be accepted unless postage is fully prepaid.

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and " reduced to a more simple form. Take some good compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious com- partments, and enchanted bottle:: with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Obeetver. . ; al d ' . I'. .o.'. 9 9 ~ ~. FREE FROM MERCUR Y*l i ' ' '''',•F'' IY. \ . i. \ : 'r ' • T 1 ,f BILI,i, .„.us OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. I L , ... • FOR BILE. LIVER, AOIDITv, INDIGESTION, &c.

terbmart SOOTHING POWDERS, FOR CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN .JSE OVER FIFTY YEARS.

JOHN STEEDMAN3 CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY." is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

- - - f ' ' p 1 '. v', E IRisA :.. LINEN. IRISH LINEN ' IRISH CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS POCKET Guaranteed all pure flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. IRISH LINEN Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. IRISH LINEN Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars, 5,6 per dozen; made special to pattern. 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 319. 4/9, 5,9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yards square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 40. per yard. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yard SURPLICE IRISH LINEN LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SUMMER AND EVENING WEAR. IRISH LINEN j I IRI S H TWEED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for strength., Durability, and Style. Please say if for Ladies or Gents wear. IRISH LINEN Patterns Free by Return of Post.

ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. R, HUTTON & CO., LARNE, BELFAST.

FOUR GREAT HOUSEKEEPER'S BOONS. TRY ONE, TRY ALL. rn p . p :RISING SUN STOVE I POLISH ' EASIEST;QUICKEST,CHEAPEST,&. 4• 1 BtST,BIALKLEAD ~,,Z4, WORLD. -...„ s 14 .9. In Half the Time, with Half the ~., rs Labour, you can produce Morn o ' ~,•9 Polish with Two Penny Packets of Rising Bun than with Half- sum Dozen of ordinary Blanklead. METAL 2 RISIN'SUN POLISH. GIVES TOALI KINOSOF METALS A " S . •F-. BEAUTIFUL SOFT VILLIANTPOLISH. n Sold In 9d., ed. & 1/- Bottles. No Mixing, No Scratohes, Scarcely any Rubbing. ,9, 3 CHANCELLOR'S PLATE POWDER 4 • 0 IV.h-cgs..-..reug?N`z=7;_k.zi. pee -thebq.-lo 3 . .riA A nit cPOUS LE . .14 . IVItiLi.N-0 •STARCH , . . , . . 9 CONTAINS IN PROPER PROPORTICiNS e 405S.BORAX' GLI'4I WAX 34 c,-4 -.1 REQUIRES no addition or preparation. , i a IDIVF.I Time, Labour, and Uncertainty. ..„ 'PRODUCES ReantifalW }lite Glossy Linen. do •••• IR,' 4 Ask your Orcc.sr to gat them for you. C. CHANCELLOR A Co.. LONDON, EC. RULLS FOR STARCHING. A most valuable little boolc for th,se who do their starching at home. Post, free for 2 stamps. C. CHANCELLOR & Co., LONDON, H.C. HINTS FOR HOUSRIVIVES. 12-Page Pamphlet containing useful domestic hints Poet tree 1 stamp. F. F. PRY, 58, Belleville Road, Wandsworth Common, LONDON, S.W.

SEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES. " 94, Commercial Road, Peckham. July 12, 1889. " Dear Sir.—lam a poor hand at expressing my feelings. but 1 should like to thank you. Your I..zenges has done wonders in relieving my terrible cough. Since I had the operation of •"lracneotomv "(the same as the late Emperor of Germany. and unlike him, thank God , I am still alive), per ormecl at St. Birtholomew's Hospital, no one could pos• sib!), have lied a more violent cough ; it was so bad ot times that it quite exhausted me. The mucus, will ii NAS Very copious and ..ard, has been softened and I have been able to get rid of it without alfficulty.-1 am. air. yours truly, J. HILL." UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. The above speaks for Itself. From strict Inquiry it appears Dia the benefit from using Keating's Cough Loz, lige' is understated. The operation was a specially severe oxe, and was let-Mune(' by the specialist Dr. If. T. Bodin. of St. atholomew's Hospital. Sines the operation the only means of relief is the use of these Lozenges. co successful are they that one affords immediate ben fit, el though from the rust ur ot the case the throat irritation is intense. WEIGHT IN GOLD. Under date Sept. 8, Mr. Hill wrltea " I should long since live been d.,ad but for your Lozen.es they are worth their weight in gold. 1 will gladly see and tell everyone what. a spleodid c.oegh remedy they are." Keating's Lozenges are sold In tins Is. lid. each. The un- rivalled remedy fur COUGHS, HOARSENESS,and THROAT TROUBLES.

JUST TRY TIIB GRAND MBDICINB. AGRIPPIN IS FiRBB FROM POISON. It. a most wonderful discovery end has never yet failed to CURB any new Rash on the Skin or anyone hot and feverish. whiehare signs of a person beginning with Measles or Scarlet Fever or Smallpox. a few doses of Agrippin cures like magic. A GRIPPIN CURES ERYSIPELAS, with only 21 a few doses it makes the skin very red and pain- ful ; also it cures very quickly any painful Inflammation whatever ; or Influenza, or Cold in the Head. AGRI PPIN CURES SORE CIIESTS very quickly, and should not be neglected, because it is generally the beginningof Inflammation of the Lungs Pneumonia "which is very dangerous. AGRIPPIN CURES when all other remedies Lave failed, blood poisoning, blood disordere. dropsy. pleurisy, pains n the side, back and loins, liver comp :tints, bites of animals, bronchitis, shortness ot breath, and neuralgia. BOLD BY JOSRPIE 13111131, Grocer, St. James's-street, Latchford. Prepared only by T. FoRSTER, PATENT MHDICINH VHNDOR. BARLUSTOWN. LANCASIIIRB.

---- -- ' It • , W`11"-tsyerZeitN, "alky. i t Icl 4itllcli'(; , e i -7.- -ditA- :L--t'.3-" . . fl: 1 , ir6 t /0.7 ~) 4'.. iir (~ 1 ( ..) , ,_, • 4,-.., ~,,________- 1 I - !"37TEPai-itv7iTlSZ:^ ' • ) • ~.), (8,,) ........... ................... BINDING 6 •••; -yr ' aZ/IVIC ..6.)-lirt;dets), \....) , . AND " eiFce, • ' ''-%'5-,1:4\?• . j ;91)arrlys 9/on. I MES:=E3nrx•mitTrrra '.p • . ,s% .va , il.tx . tn...‘r w.r.vseitota • •LM a i,i, . - V./ ~,5_ ' ,_, :LP '. • e \ 1,. 9 , , . • ' XC/5-1) Es/it/la/es Given NEW TYPE;. ss. fil"%•Na FOR ALL CLASSES OF WORK; ,v 1 AN ' ECONOMY FEW MINA/MTS. OM AND . DESPATCH. A''"' elelelress Cr el (;) a Marip)olb Rlacarel. . . • I . - .•. , . . . , 1 . ' . • -
