===== 0002601_18930225_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
A FAlrg. ated ENG' nt will ba Varieties. eds. Post

RDENER.

ERA

' author- - (1 to pre- Rulleorrt larry, IU rd. The irringtonr Runcorn'

been made an author, overnment • authority port sanl- n given to erned they visions of of any ob- -3 proposed authority, abt receive i Board be- Insider the proceed to —Mr. J. W. e previoue -mat es pres. , Prn. it hao a port sani- • po n whieff d be levied Rahle vain! lag° shal': els and no' ,aving bee'l iews of the id they a athority of do not fre- ct of WO' ent powerS ferin, frorn rit hin" their )f customs, than 60 0, estern the Vire4 at the trade • Hamilton 'che coasting :—lluncorn Theater ShiP rington, 54 said It ran no ris. River ger' ods carried I brought tll? had erect prepared fof In replY oosnl to base a very ittl" )rt sanitaif ir inquiri t° ,and in what, y be fortnet I the Merl aat paylne° 9. —Mr.fler sham town.; altport, as road to thst tncorn Burl Aribution 7 took a not' y would ge,,t . ned of Sa" neighboo ?.r would h EJosed autri 1, A sPeci6a evrly-fornie ; with Liver: becanS; bin the Por 4:1 to the Inc; ioh they ha derman r. F. WisVr, , reply to , tvour to 1=4.7 °cal Govergl: would rest n• the autobso inquirY might be

ring -All ennesbut 11 .ttzlgrbeye tbe These b„°101 a cheat's"' witb übled ial affeCti.oo if alloW.- • see hmatiO Trorbes Prep/vLit on 5 , deeBt. T g

- „lee) !, at the Pjf",ll. D The Pre ritS e itatenie,, nd per'"' to .• in g patienrdell• of the Li' re of the outeenithe It using Anil , and °W 004 2e bY iNAOII9.d or oerree•-- 'Ol, F(e FO° nblio'eseeo, gl nplifie`•A Atiritn; atientS 0,10 reetlY thdArttoll conntiell" 9 Any or tefe, .e., for .oe:dd-be P'twitis These' theif unending 004 r. N3tablieluSl attents, t,7 NVBLC°9I,OI" y frorn • .OETRACInTo;cIe hie °fin. noW bioh got' :Yrly lerefore, oxPeeivence•

_ nn rol-039` digs Mario - 05 P•ra• opt (Istm nzt46° 2. Ca't•-•

irarringtoo• tbl WYche9l9° ' bter. e viffa lane, tli

arch, W`"IITT,O dfield Rose 1, at Bold-etree6 ialey•

Kills, aged 84' •street, aged 12 itreet, aged 65

aged 62 Ye w.a.Ls6B Bewsey-str a Victoria-N.; !arge-etreer 70:

) „

===== 0002601_18930225_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
REGISTERED FOIL TRANSMISSION ABROAD

N-6.-724.

I:ZUNCORN FREE PUBLIC LIBEARY.—POPULAR LECTURES. ,re Fourth of a Series of °tures will be delivered on .tiesdaYi February 28th. in Bethesda Lecture Hall, by 6U C. A, TIMMINS, ESQ. ~„11jECT : THE MANCHESTER SHIP CANAL," .ltastrated by 180 Lantern Slides, from photographs taken by the lecturer. 1140,11a1,r to be taken at 7 30. by MARSHALL STEVENS Esq„ the Manchester Ship Canal Co. ld. ; a few Reserved Seats, is. each, S .1 011 N AMBULANCE ASSOCIATION. RUNCORN BRANCH. Toro *ere f„ " CLASSES in connection with the above 13ranch roar, "rifled by Dr. McDOUCIAL L. in the St. John's School- corn, on THURSDAY, Feb. 23rd. Ladies' Class at 4.30 p.m. 1. Classes Free. Gentlemen'. Class at 8 p.m. tztlkt.lications to fill the remaking vacancies should be W• EPPS, Hon. See.

11 1.1/sTeo ARN RATEPAYERS' ASSOCIATION. thuraec's MEETING of this new Association will be held on crop43' next at 8 p.m., in the Bethesda Lecture Hall. bu,. Owners and Ratepayers are invited. :—klect a Working Committee; adopt Rules ; illterelthe Street-making Estimates, and other matters of

l'ebr J. E, LA.NGSHAW, Secretary TO om. Y 23rd, 1893.

111"ORN TONIC SOL-FA CHOIR.

THE NEXT CONCERT

•- Will be given in the Public Hall, Runcorn, on tit MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27th. The principals engaged are SS . S. NraDGE MORGAN, 0-, Ifr . ... ~ MISS MAUDE YATES,

MR. SEYMOUR JACKSON,

MR. NEEDHAM, Flautist boor 4 Open at 7.15, to commence a;-, 8 o'clock prompt. Prieps tsle, kdmission :—Dress Seats, 2s. 64. ; Reserved and ; Second Seats, is,; and Back Seats. 64.

17‘,..1tRADY.—THE MARCH PART OF THE tr, OUNG LADIES' JOURNAL, -1146,- best Journal for Ladies and Families, ."13if the Commencement of a NEW STORY,entitled— ' T LITTLR MAIDS.' The Continuation of "ornan's Wrong,' and 'Against the World.' C.°ll4tial Three Complete Stories. coloured plate of the Latest Paris Fashions, lob-j 4 2.4 Elegant, Toilets for Ladies and Children. -t(l Sheet : Telegram-Case and Knitting-Bag. /i'lth A GIGANTIC SUPPLEMENT great Variety of Fashion Illustratiens, and X41,-SIZE PATTERNS FOR CUTTING-OUT -1111 e d'Autriehe. or New Bell-shaped Skirt. 1 le 9(BII'CIAL ARTICLE ON HOME DECORATION •440 b Pest free Is.. including all the Supplements. Harrison, Salisbury Court, Fleet-Street ; and all Booksellers everywhere.

1,3 TUB EXECUTORS OF THE LATE -x'NEZER TIMMINS, DINEERS AND MONFOUNDIIIB. 4"118 OF CHEMICAL AND SOAP PLANT. -GEWATER FOUNDRY, RUNCORN t()._ ESTABLISHED 1827. zqgkero,

JIS FOR GAS WORKS, WATER WORKS 411TESIAN WELLS, BRINE WELLS, AND BORINGS FOR MINERALS. "14IZIG PLANT AND PUMPS.

sl4 "A7RINGTONT'S 13 URTON ALES AND STOUTS. , S DUIiLININVALID AND OTHER STOUTS GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT tfl4t, tyALER'S STOVI'TeSAnT r "noirbTe /LEia q ..1 in gallon casks. '"tgATLEY'S HOP roar in bottleß only. nt, J. M. BEACON. —.EWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER, 14. ST. JAMES-ST., WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Objector. Objectvr.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0004.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Particulars

===== 0002601_18930225_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
iignature of Objector. Address of Objector.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1893

llnf 'ts, T't'l

===== 0002601_18930225_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
HOME MADE SAUSAGES.

MOLYNEUX'S HOME-MADE HIGH CLASS

PORK SAUSAGES.

Made from Pork Slaughtered on own Premises.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
ALSO MOLYNEUX'S BEEF & PORK SAUSAGES.

These will be found to agree with those that find all Pork too rich.

Everyone should try these EXCELLUNT SAUSAGE

(both kinds), to ascertain which are most suitable for them.

ALSO HOME-MADE PORK PIES AND BRAWN

CIIINA TEAS.

Tea a hi Sir Andrew Clarke. For years, whenever my Customers have asked me for a Mild Tea, I have advised the Pure. old Fashioned China which I keep. and the advice has been appreciated. It is very satisfactory to them that such an eminent authority as Sir Andrew Clarke, the London Physician, corroborates opinion. Ilere is an extract from an interesting lecture, delivered by Sir Andrew the other day, to the Students of the London Hospital : "Tea is a blessed beverage. Ido not know what I should do without it. But there is tea and tea' an.l one of the teas I have in my mind is the representation of all that is physiologically wicked. Igo about town a good deal holding consulta- tions here and there, and about five o'clock, when I get into a place. the lady of the house will say to me : Sir Andrew, you '- tired, do let me give you EL CUP ot tea.' I say ' thank you very much. But the tea has stood for half-an-hour, and she - ' I know you do you not like it strong, Sir Andrew. and she then pours about a tablespoonful of the tea into a cup -)cup up with water. Now I call it positivecruelty to give tea like that to anybody and I hope you, gentlemen, set your face against it. Tea, to be useful, should be first of an Bleak China Tea the Indian Tea which is ivated has become BO POWerttli in its effects upon the nervous system that a cup of it taken early in the many do, so disorders the nervous system that those who take it actually get into a state of tea intoxication, and produces a form of nervous disturbance, which is most painful to witness, It you want to have, either for yourselves or patients, tea which will not injure and which will refresh, get Black China Tea, putting in the right measure—the 'oned teaspoonful for each person and one for the blessed pot. Then pour en briskly boiling water, and within five minutes you must pour it off again. or it will become wicked instead of good." Such is Sir Andrew Clarke's opinion and advise. A few words of warning, however, are necessary to those who have for- gotten what this old fashioned tea is like. The colour of the tea after it is brewed will be found fobe much paler than that now in use, and the taste may not be acceptable at first owing to its apparent insipidness ; but if its use is persisted in, it will very soon be found to be much more suitable for the system, and if, in a week to two after its use, a trial is again made of the kind now in ordinary use, you will wonder however you could have been using it,and you will endorse Sir Andrew's statement. This 0141 fashioned China Tea, as recommended by Sir Andrew Clarke, can be obtained now, as always or the last 35 years, at

ihicined

MAS IVIOLYNEUX HOUSEHOLD STORES, & 41, MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN.

look , remarks, and fills thm will always e being cultb morning, as it produe for your old fad -.hod

TllO 4 * 37,

A J. ,

===== 0002601_18930225_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
EM I GR ATI 0 N. _

TO ALL PARTS OF VIE WORLD. Intending emigrants to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, Ban Francisco, Canada, China, japan, Australia, or New Zealand, should take tickets (lowest rates) atthe " Examiner" Office, Warrington, by GUION. AMERICAN, AUSTRA- LIAN, ORIENTAL, and other lines.

JOHN WALKER, AGIINT, "EXAMINER" OFFICE BEWSET-ET., WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIC ONE PENNY. By Porr is. Md. per Quarter, 6s. 6. per Annum, in advance E Is. 9d. per Quarter,credit.

DAY, SON, AND HEWITT'S

" ORIGINAL" AND CELEBRATED

LAMBING AND CALVING

REMEDIES.

THE STOCR-BREEDER'S ANCHOR OF SAFETY.

THE GASEOUS FLUID. Cures Paining in Bad Calving and Lambing. Cures Low Condition. Debility. and Hoven. Cures Colic, Sour. Spasms, and Diarrhcea. Cures Coughs, Colds, and Loss of Appetite. Price Is. 9d. per bottle; 20s.per doz-m boxes. THE RED DRENCH. For Cleaning after Lambing and Calving. For Hide-bound, Red Water, and Yellows, For Chills, Fevers, and Stomach Cleansing. For Preventing Milk Fever an i Dropping. Price 3s. 6d. per doz. (Ewes) ; 13s. per doz. (Cows). THE CHEMICAL EXTRACT, For Anointing inCritic ICalving and Lambing. For Killing all Pain and Preventing nerving. For all Sores, Wounds, and Swollen Udders. For Sore Throatb, Strains, Cuts. and Bruises. _ _ -

Price 2s. 6d., 3s. 6d., 'and 7s. Cer B The " GASEODYNE," for Extreme Pain in Cattle and Sheep, El wn Cattle, Vklent Scour, and Colic of the worst type ; also Excessive Pain in Cows and Ewes during psrtu- rition. Price 3s. 6d. per bottle. The above and many othe a, with " KEY To Feßatmtr," from the world-renowned STOCK-BREEDER'S MEDICINE CHEST. Price. complete. £2 16s. 6d.

ROYAL ANIMAL MEDICINE MANUFACTORY.

22, DORSHT-STREHT, LONDON, W.

Established nearly 60 Years. N.l3.—Gratu,tons advice given uy our Mr. T. G. RETITT, M.R.C.V.S.. London.

RICHARD F ORSHAW

COLLINS GREEN BREWERY,

NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS.

XXX. AND STOUT

SPECIAL BITTER

SPECIAL STOUT

MILD ALE I2Q 6D. , PER 9 GALLS.

XX. ALE

COMPLETE PRICE LISTS ON APPLICATION.

NOTE THE ADDRESS.

LADIES THIS FOR YOU TO RRAD.

THERE IS NO PLACE LIKE HOME. And nothing in it looks more comfortable than a BRIGHT and CLEAN FIRESIDE.

NO MORE BLACKLEADING REQUIRED. YOUR GRATES CLEANED IN FIVE MINUTES.

USE LAWSON'S BLACK.

Sold in Tins at 21d., 41,1., 61d. each. Full directions for use on each tin. All you Tequire to use it with is LAWSON'S PATENT BRUSH AND HOLDER, Price 60. One Brush will last a lifetime. The end of the Holder being attached to the Brush forms a Shield to prevent the fingers being soiled with the black. LAWSON'S BLACK is a pleasure to use. No Brushing. No Dirt. Your Grates and Fenders will always look equal to new. Will not burn offer blister only where the bars ge red hot. SOLE MANUFACTURER FOR PATENTEE: M. M. LAWSON, BOOTLE, LIVERPOOL. A large size Tin, with Brush and Bolder complete, free per Parcel Post for is. 4d. in stamps or postal order.

:lopy of unsolicted Testimonial, selected out of a number rereived.

Hawthorne Villa, Linthorpe, Middleebro'.. Oct. 29, 1E92.

Mr- M. M. Lawson, Liverpool. Damn have used some or the " Lawson's Black" on my drawing and dining room fire grates, which my husband brought me to try. with the object of saving the servants the tedious work of blackleadlng, and I think it only right to comply with his desire to inform you that the trial has been most satisfactory in every respect; not only is the saving in time reduced more than three-fourths, and the appearance of lhe grates much improved as compared to blacklead, but the brush and holder you heve introduced en- ables those who use rttodo so without in any way blacking or soiling their hands. I may also add that so far the appear- ance has not been affected oy the heat of the fires.—Yours respectfully. JENNIE DOVE. Ask your Teaman, Grocer, or Chandler for it, And See that You Get It.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
WILLIAMS AND CO.

CASH TAILORS, ROYAL EXCHANGE CORNER. ST. ANNE'S SQUARIL MANCH:IST/IR,

DURING THIS MONTH- ONLY will sell all OVERCOKT-

INGS at a price to clear :

9 P. THE oas. OVERCOATS will be sold at 30E.

And better qualities at the same reduction. THE .)013. SUIT,

All Tweed, will be eleared at the above price, many are

Worth 7Ch.

•-• 1.3 S. 11/301.1A1 13 , $. All Remnants will be rase.': at this prim. Many are worth 218. SEE 01JE WINDOWS THIS WEEK.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
VHS GRAND MEDICINR

A GRIPPIS

Is a certain eure for the following di.ordera : INFLUFNZA, wib Callelf the pereOn to feet sore and chilly tliroughold the body. Also EIIYSIPHLAS, I,ff.tromation of the Lungs, and other Inflamurdions, Pains in the back and loins, anyone hot and Feverish, 81), Throat and Chest' Illeasles, Fevers, Clood poisoning, cold in the Bead, any young person suffering it Skin Disea e, Bites of Anim,k:s,

Recommendel for BICONCIIITIS.SBIN DISEASE. DIAARROIA, SWELLINGS, ECZEMA.

Prepared only by

T. F ORSTER,

EARLESTOWN, LANCASHIRE.

BOLD BY JOSEPH BIBBY, Grocer, Jamias's-Al eet, Latchford.

NOTICE TO MASONS, BUILDERS, AND RAIL WAY COATRACTORS. EDDISBUBY RED AND MANLEY WHITE STONE

loaded in trucks at DELAMERB AND MANLNY STATIONS.

5,000

TONS IN STOCK, suitable for RAILWAY BRIDGES AND OTHvIt PURPOSES REQUIRING STRRNGTH. For particulars apply to

ISAAC JOHNSON AND SON,

HAREWOOD HILL, RELqALL, near CHEST.

CHEAP COAL.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
BANK QUAY COAL DEP- 01 I "SR' T. HALTON & Co.,

Bdperewt.

Bdperewt.

10d prewt.

NOTE.-_W'

, COAL /dERCIIANTS, I 1 TO 1 ' FACTORY LANE COAL YARD, 'Uptown-. WARRINGTON. .NTER PRICES,. IWC DIA TR DELIVERY

GEDDES'S DANDELiON,UOIIEE

The best and cheapest ever offered to the Publi-:

F..,'-.0(1 by all Grocers and Drua-iAs, tn Canistee

53.. 10.1.. anA Ift. tla

wholesale by .7 GEDDER Sox. Warrington.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
hipping 9.0 t WO.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0017.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18930225_art0018.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A• 14.111911

===== 0002601_18930225_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

lIERALDIC.—How many sleeves has a coat of arms " WOOD is the thing, after all," as the man with a wooden leg said when the mad dog bit it. ',Vnax scent would you name when accusing an Irishman of an untruth? —Patchouli (Pat, you lie). CONFLICTING CONCLUSIONS. -- Naturalists class the cat as a feline auhrial, whereas mice regard it as a most unfeline critter. THE cat-o'-nine-tails must have nine times as many lives as tails, or it could not have lasted so long. AN impatient youth at a weddisg party the other day, after an awful silence, suddenly exclaimed, "Don't be so unspeakably happy." IT is a fact that a pot of porter fetched by a juvenile becomes shorter the longer he has to carry it. THE reason why racing is generally called "the turf," must be owing to the fact of so many green blades being found upon ft.—Poach. A MAN advertises for "a competent person to undertake the sale of a new medicine ;" and adds that "it will be found profitable to the undertaker." No doubt of it.

A HATTER in Washington has invented a hat that cannot be blown oil by a gale. The editor of one of the 'papers of that city says, "If this hat were not windproof, we would give it a puff." Are old gentleman hearing his youthful nephew, a little boy who is versed in geology, talking about the "earths crust," inquired whether he was speaking of the outside of a dirt-pie ?—Punch. "YOU'VE destroyed my peace of mind, Betsy," said a desponding lover to a truant lass. "It can't do you much harm, John, for 'twas an amazing small piece you had, anyway," was the quick reply. "PAT, do you know how to drive ?" asked an excursionist in Ireland of the keeper of a jaunting car. "Sure do," was the answer; "wasn't it I who upset your honour in a ditch two years ago ?" WHEN we remember that ink is composed of gall and acid, we should no longer wonder at the quantity of ill-natured articles which flow from even the best-natured pens. A Moamar, gentleman while performing, was lately arrested by two bailiffs, who requested him to join them in a trio. "I should rather imagine," eaid the unfortunate gentleman, "you wish for a :etch !" A RAW Scotchman, who had evidently not been 1 long from "Aberdeen awa' " went into a shop in the city the other day, and inquired, " Whilk is the way to the Minoaries?"—" They speak Dutch , next door," was the immediate reply. A MARRIED man informs us that he knows a mode of conveying information much more rapidly than by the electric telegraph. He says he has nothing to do but to make a secret of information, and then tell it to his wife. A GENTLEMAN crossing Oxford-street, last week, was surprised on finding a sweeper at each end of the crossing, and, accosting one of them he said, "Hallo! What two sweepers to one crossing 7" to which the boy archly replied, "Yes, sir, one catemes them as t'other misses." "PAPA, I've been seeing cook make bread ; and can you tell me why dough resembles the sun 7"— " The sun, Freddy?"—" Yes, Pa."—" No, I can- not."—Freddy, with great glee, "Because when it rises, it is light." Pa, soliloquising, "That child is too clever to live." YOUTH is a glorious invention. While the girls chase the hours, and you chase the girls, the months seem to dance away "with down upon their feet." What a pity summer is so short ; before you know it, lovers become deacons, and romps grandmothers. LIBERALITY dies with pos ession ; the lover cries never mind the expense where his angel is con- cerned, but once let him get her, and he thinks so no more. The two shillings, that he used to con- sider a mere bagatelle, become in his imagination a cart-wheel. A STRANGER saw an Irishman leaning against a post. and watching a procession slowly issuing from an opposite house, when the following dialogue ensued. "Is that a funeral ?"—" Yes, sir, I'm thinkin' so."--" Any one of distinction ?" " Who is it?"—" Sure it's the jintleman in the coffin." A CELi DILATED Wolverhampton fiddler (now deceased) ran his gig against a broad-wheeled waggon, and upset himself in the dirt, on which he got up and stammered out to the driver, "I bei pardon, sir; I hope I have not done any damage. —" Lor bless you, no, sir," said the waggoner, "so as you hannat hurt yourscn." THE best part of a race, after all, is the cham- pagne and the eating and drinking. If you are betting, you cannot enjoy your "gi tab." You are thinking of the stakes, and how much you may have to fork out—instead of being intent, as you should be, upon forking out the stakes which are at the bottom of the pigeon-pie.--Punch. Two widowers were once condoling together on the deaths of their wives • one of them exclaimed, with a sigh, "Well may I bewail my loss, for I had SO few differences with the dear deceased that the last day of my marriage was as happy as the first." There I surpass you," said his friend, "for the last day of mine was happier." DURING a recent fire, an old woman was very anxious to go through a street, which was con- sidered at the time "dangerous," but all her efforts were unavailing. At length she pushed one of the policemen aside, when that worthy preserver of the public peace said, "Now, marm, you can't pass ; if you do, you'll be killed, and then you'll blame us afterwards." Discs on a time, a Frenchman and a Dutchman were travelling in Pennsylvania, when the horse lost a shoe. They drove up to a blacksmith's shop, and no one being in, they proceeded to the house to Inquire. The Frenchman rapped, and called out, "is de smitty wittiur —"Shtand back," say. Hans; "let me shpeak. Ish der blacksmith s shop en der house V' A DISTINCTION.—Napoleon was one day search- ing for a book in the library of Malmaison, and at last discovered it on a shelf somewhat above his reach. Marshal Moncey, who was present, one of the tallest men in the army, stepped forward, say- ing—" Permit me, sire; I am higher than your majesty."—" You are longer, marshal," said the Emperor, with a frown. THE PENALTY OR BEING A FATHER.—When a Chinese lady is blessed with an increase to her family, from the moment of her accouchmeut, the unhappy husband is put to bed also, and there detained for forty days, and during this delightful penance he is subjected to all the rigorous treat- ment of his better half. Should medicine be administered to her, he must partake of it also, and he is strictly confined to the same diet that she is obliged to undergo, which consists on an average, I believe, of about a thimbleful of cream of rice, administered every three hours, to say nothing of the pill at bed-lime to prevent indiges- tion.—Seciie's Reside cc at Siam. Taft DROWSY WATCH.— The Burgomaster of Termonde, in Belgium, having reason to suspect that the police of the town were not so active as they ought to be, got up at an early hour in the morning a few days ago, and found the men, instead of being on duty, snoring in The guard- house. He slipped quietly into the place and possessed himself of each man's sword, and then not clear off. When the policemen awoke, they were astonished to find that their swords were gone, and they looked for them everywhere. They visited all the suspected houses in the town, and made a descent into the lodgings of certain bad characters ; but they could find nothing. The policemen were greatly mortified, and the scoffs and jeers of tha iuhahilants were not wanting. Three days after, the Burgomaster sent for the Commissary of Police, and gave up the swords to him; but he published an order blatning the men for their negligence, and ordering that each of them • should be confined for eight days. MR. TOWNSEND, in his account of the visit of Handel to Dublin, narrates that when at Chester the great musician got together a band, whom he had been assured could "sing at sight," to try his manuscript. On trial of the chorus in the Messiah, "And with his stripes we are healed,' the principal singer, named Janson, after attempting his part several times, failed so egregiously that Handel burst into a rage, and after vociferating in four or five languages, exclaimed in broken English, "You schauntrel I tit you not dell me dat you could sing at soite ? " Yes, sir," replied the unfortunate basso, "and as I can ; but not At first sing."

TTCROAT AFFECTIONS Age tit, MEN sufferin from irritation of the threat and hoitrieneax will be surprised at the almost imrtediate relief afforded by thY net, Brown's Bronchial Troches." The:, famouPs lorgMgeS " are now sold by Melt respectable cherniAs IS itlte country at is 10 per isnc. People troueleii with a i 'backing cough," a.• slight cold," or bronchial affections, ~21a4not try them WO soon, as similar trootdes, if allowed to ,;41790f,e9=.1. resolt is scrims Pulrnontry n.l Aathraiitiii ere that the words •• Brown's Bronchtal Tl,r)leta " are eri tl,,e4iovernment stamp around each h.,. Prt.i.ret) iv J. W.l „Sitl,WN & SONS, Be3tArS, U.S. V4UrOPeArt let3l, Lontiort. -Advt.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18930225_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 193.

Exeter Stew.

Gravy beef or shin, lib. ; onions, two (sliced) ; drip- ping, loz. ; flour, one tablespoonful ; vinegar, one tablespoonful ; water, 1 pints. Make the dripping hot in a imucepan ; add the onions, and fry a nice brown ; sprinkle in the flower and let it brown ; add the vinegar wl ich gives a nice sharp flavour, the meat cut in sliz-es, and the water. Keep on the lid. Let it nearly boil, then simmer till tender—about two hours. If shin of beef be used it will require another hour or longer. A Useful Custom. _

The peasants in iiitt-Lii-WO-uld-se-e-m to bs very frank and honest, for on certain fete days the young ladies appear in red petticoats with white and yellow borders round them. The number of borders denotes the portion the father is willing to give his daughter. Each white band represents silver, and denotes one hundred francs per annum, while each yellow band denotes gold and be- tokens a thousand francs a year. nus, a young man who sees a face that pleases him has but to glance at the trimmings of the petticoats, and without any bashful or suspicious inquiry he can learn what amount of money accompanies the sweet wearer. Bread Pudding. Bread crusts, Alb. ; sugar, 2,z. ; egg, one ; nutmeg, a pinch ; suet, 2z. ; currants 4.. z. ; milk, one teacupful. Soak the bread in cold water, prepare the suet and cur- rants, beat the egg. When the bread is soft, squeeze it quite dry and break up with a fork; add the other ingredients. Pour into a greased pie dish and bake ' about one hour. Turn out when done. This pudding may be boiled ; then it requires little or no milk. Time one-and-half hours. When an egg is not used, two • tablespoonfuls of flour should be added to bind the mixture.

Wedding Dresses on Hire. Time out of mind, as is well known, the hiring out of dress suits has formed the main feature in procuring a fortune for many a wardrobe dealer. It will nevertheless come as a surprise to many to find that garments of all descriptions as " let " for such interesting occasions as weddings, in much the same manner as carriages with a pair of greys. " You'd be astonished," said a man en- gaged in this peculiar calling, " what a number of peo- ple come to me. I let out dresses and suits for all occa- sions, balls, parties, dinners, &c., but my most regular line is what I call the matrimonial department. To many cf my customers about to be married my services are as necessary as the parson's or the registrar's. You mark my words, in a few years the custom of carefully packing away the dress I was married in 'to be shown to the children as they grow up, will be quite a thin; of the past, and the money that would otherwise be spent in baying dresses, probably useless for everyday wear, will be spent in other ways. Why, only last week I had what I call a downright sensible order. There was a dress for the bride, one each for two bridesmaids, and a suit each for the groom and best man, all for one wedd- ing. Why,the turn-out would have cost them about fifteen I pounds if they bought the clothes, whereas they only paid me fifteen shillings. That's the way to save money. Sometimes I get customers who,wanting to cut an extra dash, will hire out a travelling dress, in addition to the wedding dress for the bride. Of course, that's extra. How no I get them hack ? Oh ! the travelling dress is only worn when driving from the house, just to cause the neighbours to Kiake remarks. It is returned with the other the next day. No, I have never lest any; I you see I state on my card, • References necessary.' "

"Miss Winter I" interrupted the bailiff, angered at the very quietness of Gwen. "What right has she to the fancy name you bestowed upon her— 'Miss Winter?' I should and shall speak before her. The cause of my visit here is my discovery this morning of her design to marry my son. She has another admirer, a sportsman, one of the fellows stopping at the shdoting lodge. My son and this fellow had a fight over the girl this morn- ing, and Claxton is bruised and battered, a sight to behold. My son declares that he shall marry the girl. I say, mother, like daughter,' and I'll not accept as a member of my family a woman who has no name of her own, no relatives, only a dis- graceful origin. And the long and the short of it is that this girl has got to be sent away." "It is impossible, Mr. Orkney," said Mrs. Quillet, arousing herself from her stupor. "We can't send her away, Why, where could we send her 7" "That is for you to decide, ma'am. Go she must, or I'll write to the squire and tell him this foundling is queehing it .at Lonemoor, playing the fine lady, using his furniture, and acting as if she were mistress of all she surveyed What would he say to such a communication? Would he consider you faithful servants, or would he return and drive you forth in disgrace 2" It seemed te the butler and housekeeper, know- ing Squire Markham's hardness to his only child in her extremity, that the latter amirse would be the one which would 'Coe adopiA by their employer. They had not exitected him to commend their course, but rather to condemn it; yet their secret hope had always been that the sqUire.rniglit One day see Gwen, regard her with lavoir, and adopt her as his child and heiress. But if Mr, Orkney were to write to their employer and represent the girl as base and designing, the couple well knew that Squire Markham would never even look on Gwen's face, but expel her and them also from his house. " Look at h,ir," said Mr. Orkney, pointing at the "You have tricked her out in soft garments like a lady. Butt what is she? She is not a . lady, ,in spite of the varnish you have put upon her. She ought to have been brought up to service. Sbe has no right in this house. •It is simply absurd for you to lodge her in handsome rooms, and wait upon her, and call her miss,' and obey her orders. It's more than 'absurd—it's wiCked." "Mr. Orkney," cried the butler, "I will not hear such Words before her." "He is right, Mr. (It-inlet," said Gwen, turning round at last, white as marble, her pansy eyes darkening and glowing like black stars. "He ' takes the view of your conduct that all outsiders must take. I have no right here. I am the creature of your bounty. I should not then be better lodged than you, nor b., tter fed and clothed." I have no right to use the squire's possessions." "The girl has sense, at least," muttered the Mr. and Mrs. Quillet stared at theVonng charge. But she., still as marble, and as esim, continued quietly— "In one thing Mr. Orkney is mlstaken. I am a lady by education and breedine•—more, I am a lady by instincts and by inheritance. For what- ever my poor, unknown mother was, I 'know ' that she was a lady. But he—generations of gentle blood and honourable descent could never make of a coward, who could wantonly insult a &faceless, gifi, a gentleman. But I have no wish to argue or to recriminate. He is tight in his declaration that I should go away from Lonemoor." "He is not right," cried the housekeeper, vehem- ently. "We will not be driven away because he fears your influence upon his son. We have been here all our lives." "You must stay," said Gwen; "but I must go." ‘. where can you go? Reared as you have been," exclaimed yrs. Quillet, "what can you do 7 Your home is here. You can give your promise to Mr. Orkney to avoid his son, and this breach will be healed." I won't accept her prom:re ? " declared the bailiff, who had been stung to the quick by Gwen's denunciation of himself. "What is her word worth —a Frenehbred foundling 2" Mr. Orkney, you forget yourself," said Quillet, sternly. "You will regret your words when your passion is over. I've known you years and known you for a hard, practical man, but one who is upright alsJ, and I cannot think you would act deliberately and in cold blood as you are now doing. The squire left my wife and me in charge of this house. He had known us all our lives. We have served him faithfully for many years. Now, we shall not be driven away by you nor by any one save the squire himself. Write to him by the first post, and we will both leave the issue in his hands." "It will be several weeks before we eau receive an answer," remarked, the bailiff, discontentedly. "I am not disposed to wait so long." "You can send your son away, if you choose, sir, but you'll have to wait," declared the butler firmly. Mr. Orkney turned to the girl abruptly. "Are you willing to remain here a month, Miss Winter, knowing all the truth 7" he asked. "Are you willing to face the sneers of the country folk, the curiosity of your servants, the general un. pleasantness of a further, life here ?" "I feel as if I could not breathe here," said (hem

butler hastened into the garden", and awead tthi. still quietly, but with a passionate emotion in her ftnnearance of Mr. Chilton. eyes, "I want to go !" . "Miss Winter "—the butler turned to her sud- I (To be continued). clenly--" my wife and I have been your only friends from your birth. Ido not like to remind you that all you are you owe to us. Yet such fis the fact. We have spent much money on your education. We regard you as socially our superior. We serve you willingly. We have nevei called upon you for any retuni for all that we have done for you; but CHAPTER XIII. I no* we ask you to remain here for a month longer, DEEPENING CLOUDS. The demand of the bailiff that Gwen should be I until we shall have time to hear from Squire Mark- ham. You will remain at the cost of some pain to sent away from Lonemoor, uttered with an air of yourself, but surely you owe that much obedience authority, utterly discomfited the housekeeper. If to us, after all that we have done for you." the bailiff and the solicitor were to unite against " I think so, too," said Mrs. Quillett. "Miss Gwen. her, she would probably lose her place, as would doline, it is the first thing we have asked of you. her husband also. Lonemoor was the only home You ought to yield to our wishes in this matter." they had ever known, and expulsion from that What it cost Ga-en's proud soul to yield her will home meant the sundering of lifelong ties, the to that of the Quillets none but Heaven and herself breaking of lifelong habits, and a bitterness and sorrow little short of death. , ever knew. Her whole being rose in a passionate I rebellion against this demand. She loathed herself, Yet, what was she to do ? The other horn of the her stately rooms, her luxuries, everything, with a dilemma seemed scarcely less painful. In the midst of her perplexity, while the deathly , deadly loathing. She lonaed to leave Lonemoor, silence reigned in the room, while Mr. Orkney preferring any fate, death' even, to a longer !hay waited grimly for her answer, the butler entered. I within its walls. But then how great a debt of gratitude she owed the Quillets 1 The fetters of her "You have come just in time, John," said Mrs. I :vith an air of relief. " Mr. Orkney . obligations lay heavily upon her. She could not Qnillet, , I shake 'them off. They constrained her to stay. says "Let Mr. Orkney speak for himself," interrupted She could only conquer self —but it was a hard task the bailiff. "I should have summoned you at the —and yield to their demand. I outset, Quilet. Your hard practical sense would " will stay until you have had time to hear have made short work of the matter. I came here from the squire," she said at last. "I will stay no to speak to you about Miss Winter." longer." " Unless he himself bids you stay," said the The bUtler glanced from the red, excited face of his wife to the slim, motionless figure at the win- housekeeper. "That is understood." . Gwen did not answer. With the burden of her dow. Gwen's face could not be seen, but something in the girl's attitude impressed Quillet with a sense story lying heavily upon her, wild with passionate grief and anger, she hurried out of the room, flew of uneasiness. "What have you to say about Miss Winter sir 1,, up to her own chambers, and was not seen again that day by any inmate of the house. he inquired. "I have just been telling your good wife, Quillet," 'You see what mischief you've done, Mr. Orkney," said the housekeeper, reproachfully. " You've said the bailiff, "that Miss Winter has been tryingl tell you she wouldn't to ensnare my son into a marriage with her. Now ! broken that child's heart! don't interrupt—don't get excited. My wife and i look at your son. She's as far above him as a star daughters can tell you the same. Claxton has above a worm—and that's the plain truth for you in exchange for your plain truths. You cannot avowed to me this very morning his infatuation for turn us away from Lonernoor, nor can the solicitor the girl, and his determination to marry her, with or without my consent. It is needless for me to either. Write to the squire. We shall write also. say that I would never consent to receive the girl We will see how your prosecutious of Miss Winter into my family. The Orkneys are respectable and will result." . The interview was thus practically ended. The well connected. Such a marriage could not be allowed.' baililfraf ter a liti l& further blustering, departed to "Has Miss Winter promised to marry your son?" consult the Markham solicitor at Penistone, and to asked the butler. comma a letter to the squire which should lead to Gwen . nswered, without looking round, in a the expulsion of the Quilletts and their charge from clear, sweet voice, which was yet heard as the ring- Lonemoor. ing of metal— , He had scarcely departed when the butler pro- " Miss Winter has not promised to marry Mr. duced writing mat erials and sat down with his wife Claxton Orkney, Nothing on earth could induce to make their statement also to their employer. her to marry him." " Matters have come to a crisis, you see, Maria," " You hear !" exclaimed the butler. " That said Mr. Quillett, "through the jealousy of the statement on the part of Miss Winter settles the Orkneys toward Miss Gwen, and through Claxton case, does it not?'' Orkney's admiration of her. She is likely to be the "By no means,' answered the bailiff, frowning. worst sufferer, ponr child, unless we can interest the "What is a girl's word worth—a girl like this one, master in her. We'd better write plainly just how I mean? I may as well say out what I think. This things are. He may think she's dead. If he has is no time for false delicacy. Miss Winter has no Lay heart whatever he'll make some provision for her, for in spite of the disgrace she's his own flesh .family. Whence she sprung no one knows. Her father may have been the worst scoundrel unhung, end blood, his only living descendant. I've got the date and the address, and also 'Honoured Sir.' or perhans he was hanged. Who knows Now what, Maria 7" "Mr. ork ney , you forget yourself, sir,' cried the "Tell him that the child is grown up," suggested butler, with a startled glance towards the Window. Mrs. Quillet; "that dye educated her properly at great " Itthe girl doesn't know her history, it is time expense, and that she is a lady, and that a royal she did," declared the bailiff, whom his family duke might be proud to own her as his daughter. pride and anxiety for his son's future made posi- Got that? Tell him that she is beautiful and good. tively brutal. "The child of a beggar—an outcast tell him that Claxton Orkney is persecuting her —bah I You and your wife have acted like a pair with his love. Put it right down, John. The bailiff of lunatics, Quillet, and that's the truth. To educate will put it plainer yet, only he'll put it the other a fouualing to make a lady of her, to bow yourself down to her as if she were your superior, all because way. And now ask the squire what is to be done with our young lady. She is too beautiful to be she happened to have a pretty face, was more tha.n sent into the world to earn her . own living. Tell folly—it was downright madness. It's time the girl him we dared not let her grow up in ignorance, and knew her place." " Mr. Orkney," said the butler, sternly, "these that we are ready to answer to our dear dead satraps mistress by and by for what we have done for tJe. words should not be spoken before Miss Winter." e - child. Tell him that we leave ourselves mai Miss

(Signed) " Geosicia DARIO. 310, Bright-street, Carbrook, Sheffield, October 7th, 1891." We are credibly informed that Mr. Darby's father has resided in that district more than thirty year* and the family are well known and highly respected. But what ailed Mr. Geerge Darby? In reply we see. to hear 'a chorus of 10,000 English voices, owners have suffered as he did, and been cured by the same-agent that at least restored his health, and Per haps snatched him from a yawning grave—indegesties and dyspepsia, the bane and curse of ever: civilised nation. Anybody can dektroy life : what shall be Pid of Mother Seigel, whose mission was to save it? Poor General Jackson ! Dyspepsia killed him at last. But that was many a• year before Seigel's Syrup discovered. If it hid only been known in his day why talk so? Spring comes none the sooner becaps° men die of winter's cold.

Gwen in his hands. That is all.", These suggestions were sll laboriously committed to paper. The Qaillets, knowing their master's peculiar temper, dared make no appeal to hi- sense of justice or mercy, yet, remembering what he had been before his trouble had come upon him, and how he had worshipped his daughter, they bored that the very helplessness of his grandchild eigkt touch his better nature, and that tie would provide in some way for her future. As soon as the letter was writf en and sealed, the butler ordered a pony chaise and rode over to Peni- stoue. He found the bailiff in the eolicitor's office, his letter just completed. Mr. (billet waited for the two missives, with a third front the lawyer, to be made up in a packet and he did net leave Peni stone until he had seen this eaeket lodged in the post office. Then he returned to Luneuitan., heping for the best, but fearing the woret. As the reader is aware that squire Markham set out npon his return to i onemoor home two mouths after the date of these letters, and that before leav- ing Jerusalem he had not received them, or any tidings whatever concerning his rand child, we will state here that the packet was safely transported to Jerusalem' but that, as not uufrequentl• happens, it was several weeks upon the way, the mail suff,rine some detention, or the packet being mislaid. It arrived at its destination a few days after his departure, was detained for him nearly a month and then dispatched to its source, arriving at Lonemoor a week after himself. Such being the fate Of the letters, of course the Orkneys and the Quillets naiLed in vain for the ex- pected answers. These weeks of waitine were to Gwen weeks of torture. In spite of the revelation of her origin, her proud spirit remained unbroken. She rode out upon the moors daily, she made no alteration in her mode of life, the Quillets refusing to allow her to do so. But she was galled daily and hourly with innumerable stings. The servants watched her curiously, tuad obeyed her only because if they refused they would be diemissed. The farmers sons leered at her; the farmers' daughters turned away their heads , if she chanced to be in sight. The female Orkneys gossiped about her incessantly,. calling her by their favourite epithets of "beggar and outcast." They excited against her the popular sentiment, so that she was more than once insulted during her rides; and, to crown her humiliation, several of the servants, including her maid, gave up their Situations upon the ground that Lonentoor had ceased to be respectable, now that a person of disreputable origin held sway there. Claxton Orkney, knowing the cloud of obloquy that had gathered around the innocent girt, exhibited a latent spark of manliness. Be quer- relied with his family, and rode to Lonemoor, offering to Gwen, who chanced to be in the garden, his hand in marriage. Gwen refused him. The latent spark died out, and he joined himself to her persecutors, determined to force her into a marriage wi, h him, his love growing upon her op- position. He came to Lonemoor daily. When she saw him coming she retired to her own rooms; but he acquired a habit of coming upon her unawares, sometimes visiting her in the garden in the morning or in the drawing-room in the evening, and not all the vigilance of the (billets could keep him out. Of course the facts of these visits came to the ears of the Orkney family, amid greatly inilatned their hatred of Gwen. But Claxton Or • ney was not Gwen's only visitor. Ronald Chilton came daily to Lonerstoor. He was ignorant of the gossip and calumny circulating in the neighbourhood against Miss Winter. Upon the very day after his rescue of her from the grasp of young Orkney upon the inoor,Mr. Coilton presented himself at Gwen a home, and was met by the butler who inquired his business, announcing himself as Miss Winter's present guardian. Mr. Chilton exhibited certain credentials to Mr. Quillet, and requested permission to see MissWiuter and inquire after her health. Therequest was granted, and Mr. Chilton became a frequent visitor at the house. The Quillets encouraged these visits. "You see, Maria," said the butler one morning, when alone with his wife. "Mr. Chilton is a gentle. man arid highly connected, and he is in love with Miss Gwen. Now if the squire won't own her, or do anything for her, you know, she might marry him and be happy, its an anchor to windward, this love affair, and I hope it'll hold through the storm I foresee." " Ah, yes," sighed the housekeeper, "hut Mr. Chilton doesn't know the girl's story. When he hears it he'll go away, you see." " He's coming now over the moor," exclaimed Mr. Quillet. "I'll meet him in the garden, Maria, and put him to the proof. 11l tell him the story as the Orkneys and others know it, and we'll see what stuff he's made off. The truth is, Maria, I'm getting anxious about our failure to hear from the squire. We ought to have had a letter before this, If Mr. Chilton after having Miss Gwen's history gives up her acquaintance, and if the squire in his anger at us and hatred of her does not answer our letter, then Heaven only knows what is to become of the girl. For she'll not stay here a week longer as things are now. Mark my word; a crisis has arrived." . With a heavy heart and many forebodings. the

GENERAL JACKSON WAS DEFEATED 'The only way he cbuld obtain relief was to have a sap ling partially cut and bent down so he could lean over it with his abdomen pressed hard against the tree and as toul of his toes and fingers just touching the ground." In Mercy's name think of anybody being driven to such a resort as that! And yet what does Trouble care for high or low? This was one of the most famous men that ever lived—General Jackson, a military gonui scarcely second to Owns or Napoleon. Yet only te fancy this great general and statesman in the grotesque even ridiculous attitude above described! What could have made this fearless fighter cry for quarter ? 104 /the historian tell. " Genesal Jackson was tortured by acute dyspeopia. and the only way he could obtain relief was to have a sapling partially cut and bent down so be could lean over it, with his abdomen pressed hard against the tree and the ends of his toes and fingers jug' touching the ground." We quote from Mr. Oliver Dyeeg "Life of Jackson," published in 1891. It is clear enough now. In surrendering to such an enemy General Jackson only did what other heroes have done—Napoleon among them. It follows that whoso- ever can cure this disease (which is universal) holds the world in the hollow of his hand. All sorts and condi- tions of men have a stake in this contest; and there hal a woman to whom it isn't as important as the roof over her head.

Here is a straw that shows which way the wind blowS "In August, 1889," writes the witness, "I had pail after eating, and vomited all my food. For a week at a time nothing would stay on my stomach. I had a bad taste in the mouth, and a slimy phlegm would gather ill my mouth, and stick in my throat causing me to be sick. I was tired all day long, and even more so in the morn' lug than when I went to bed at night. After a while I began to be troubled with shortness of breath and 3 sense of fulness or constriction in the throat, so that at times it seemed as if I must choke. There was fearful pain in my left side, and a most oppressive teeling of tightness round my waist and at my chest. I lost a great deal of sleep, and night after night I only dozed for an hour or two. You will easily believe me when I say that I became dreadfully weak and lay in Led pf three weeks at a time. " During my illness I had four doctors attending met yet I grew so bad that one of them called an additional docter in consultation. On this occasion I tnought was going to die, and all who called to see me vere of the same opinion. After I had suffered !a this manner for six maths my brother Alfred told me of the great benefit his wife had received from taking a medicina called Mother Seigel's Syrup, and persuaded me to VI it. I did so, and after having taken a few doses my food digested, and I felt easier and gaiimd some strength' By the time I had used three bottles I was back at nil work, strong and hearty, and have since been in go°cl health. lam a forgeman, and have worked at the Col- brook Forge over sixteen years. I have recommended this remedy to many persons upon whom it b 0 had the same good effect. You have my free consent to palish my letter if you think fit. I will answer inquiries.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER

- CAPITAL " CHAT.

Earl Beauchamp, who came of age on Monday, has developed a Krong liking for public work. At Oxford he made his debut by a furious onslaught on Mr. Goschen's Free Education scheme, and has since then added to his reputation as a young man who has both ideas aud language. Some time ago Earl Beauchanip became honorary secretary of the Christ Church Mission at Poplar, and took up his residence in the East end. He is a youth of whom we shall probably hear a gooa deal, for he has the money as well as the gifts and inclination to leava a mark. The estates are mainly in Worcester, and are worth £25,000 a year.

Lady Battersea is not only a charming hostess, but is a woman who recognises that her duties extend beyond her own drawing-room. On Miss Willard's recent visit to Luton Lady Battersea was one of the most fluent and effective speakers, not only urging the cause of temperance, at a public demonstration, but presiding at the meeting, and doing everything she could for its success.

Mr. Jeremiah Jordan, who was returned last Saturday for South Meath, as an anti-Parnellite, is well known in the House of Commons, having sat for West Clare from 1885 till the last General Elec- tion, when he unsuccessfully contested North Fer- managh against Mr. Dane, the Orange member. Mr. Jordan is an ardent Methodist and teetotaler. He is a general merchant in a large and prosperous business in Enniskillen, and he has been chairman of the Enniskillen Town Commissioners. Ile is a thin, wiry, medium-sized man of about sixty. At election meetings in England his plain, unpretenti- ous speeches and moral earnestness produce a great effect.

The desire expressed by Cardinal Vaughan that that no presentation should be made to him by English Catholics on his return home, has, as might have been expected, not been regarded binding by his many friends. Although no money testimonial will be offered to him, opportunity has been found to give expression in another graceful form to the general regard in which the Cardinal is held. Cer- tain prominent members of the Catholic body in London under the lead of Lady Herbert of Lea have undertaken the work of " rehabilitating " Arch- bishop's House.

The private chapel, library, dining-hall, and the Cardinal's private apartments are all being hand- somely refitted and furnished-- a striking contrast to the severe simplicity of Manning's days. Lady Sykes (the wife of Sir Tatton Sykes) takes upon 'herself the appointments ot the grand staircase, and the upholstering and gilding of twenty State chairs n the throne-room; and other distinguished ladies have each selected their own part in the work. Lord Petre presents a handsome carriage and sets of har- ness, and a small committee,comprised of the Duke of Norfolk, the Marquis of Bute, the Lord Mayor of London, Sir Philip Rose,Mr.W.Hearle Lyall, and Mr. Cave, are raising a fund for the purchase of suitable horses, and these gentlemen furthermore guarantee as annual maintenance fund for the same.

• It was a great triumph, no doubt, for the Liberals to win Hexham in such splendid style; but Mr. Clayton, the defeated candidate, is sadly wanted in The House of Commons. After his defeat he addressed the local Tories and said :—" The great wave of Unionism that has swept over the constitu- ency has received a check, but wilt be beard of yet." Sir Boyle Roche himself could hardly have beaten this, and alas ! we have no Sir Boyle Roche nowa- days. Even the "Morning Post,' since the days when it " tore the mask from Cobbett's face and exposed his cloven hoof," has greatly chastened the style of its anti-popular leaders.

• --- M.Berthelot, whose laboratory assistant met with a shocking accident two or three days ago by the bursting of an acid flask, is the most distinguished French chemist living. He must of course not be confounded with Count Berth°llet, the famous dis- coverer of the bleaching properties of chlorine, who in fact, died before the present professor of organic chemistry at the Sorbonne was born. Professor Berthelot is sixty-five years of age, and for many years he has shared with Professor Bunsen, of Heid- elberg, the chief honours of chemical education in Europe, having trained many of our foremost English analysts. A,4 Bunsen is Foreign Associate of the Paris Acaaemy so Berthelot is foreign mem- bar of our own Royal Society. Wh:le he is held in exceptional esteem in the world of sc:qnce for his luminous contributions to chemical tneory, he is best associated in the memory of his countrymen I with the siege of Paris, during which he superin- tended the preparation of explosives of the dyna- mite class for the use of the army of defence. His I experience during these memorable months led to his appointment to a post similar to that held by Sir Frederick Abel, and in this capacity he con- trolled the researches which resulted in the discovery of the smokeless powder now generally used. He is the editor of a learned magazine, a sort of Nature and Philosophical Transactions rolled into one. Mr. W. Frank Calderon, the already well-known son of a celebrated father, who only a year ago married Ethel,daughter of Mr. IL H. Armstead,R.A., is not yet thirty, though well at the top of the artistic tree. He was educated at University College and in 1879 gained the Trevelyan Goodall Scholar- ship,which provided for his art education for three years at the Slade School (under M. Legros.) In 1881 he also gained a Slades Scholarship of i.:50 for three years, and in the same year sent his first pic- ture to the Academy, which was hung on the line, and purchased by the Queen. Since that time he ttns been a constant exhibitor, and was recently elected a member of the Institute of Painters in Oils, and besides his paintings does a great deal of work in black and white, and his also accounted one of the first teachers of animal painting.

Amongst the many objects of interest which would strike Mr. Gladstone's attention in the course of his Windsor visit,on Tuesday evening, he did not find a portrait of himself. Such a thing, in fact, dces not exist in any part ot the Castle, except in the frontispieces to one or two volumes of his in the Royal Library, and in the personal rooms of those members of the rdyal hcusehold who admire him. On the private staircase which intervenes between the Grand Corridor and her Majesty's personal apartments there are six specially-selected paint- ings in oil. Of these four are Court pageants, namely, Mr. Lockhart's Jubilee function at the Abbey,Tuxen's 'Meeting of the Royal Family in the IGreen Drawing Room," Sydney Hall's "Marriage of , the Duke of Connaught,' and Von Werner's " Be- -1 throthal of the Princess Irene." The other two are portraits of the late Earl of Beaconsfield and of the ' vresent Marquess of Salisbury. The Grand Corridor contains one or two living statesmen, and the ab- sence of the present Premier is, therefore, the more I conspicuous.

The young Duke of Aosta's visit to England has no matrimonial object in view. He is a persona grata at Marlborough House, and is much interested in English horses. He is quite a young man, being only twenty-four yeus old. He is tall, wears a dark moustache, is of sallow complexion, and very fine ! physique, which is shown off to best advantage by the picturesque Italian uniform. He received part of his education at Harlow, and when he was quite a baby he spent three years in Spain during the brief reign of his father, the late Duke Amadeo of Aosta, who was made king of Marshal Prim in 1870. The young duke is the stepson of the lovely Letitia Bonaparte, Duchess of Aosta, who created such a sensation in London two or three years ago by her beauty and her diamonds, and who created a still greater sensation in Europe some years before when she married her elderly uncle. The young duke is the nephew of the present king of Italy, and is rather coldly looked at.by the court of the Qnirinal—probably because he is such a much finer youth than the Prince of Naples.

A wedding in which society and all classes of politicians are much interested is that of Sir George Baden Powell with Miss Wilson, the daughter of Mr. Charles Wilson, of Cheltenham, who must not be confused with Mr. Charles Wilson, M.P., ot Grosvenor-sq.,the brother of Mr. Arthur Wilson, of Tranby Croft. Sir George is one of the most ener- getic and popular politicians of the day, and in society he is known as a fluent and interesting talker. He was educated at Marlborough and Balliol, won his spurs as Assistant-Governor of Vic- toria, and was last to the fore in the Behring Sea bueiness. He is a fair, clean-shaven, dapper little man, who looks much younger than his real age, which is forty-six. He has been M.P., for Kirkdale (Liverpool) since 1885. His fiancee is a very charm- 'lug girt who has been a belle in Cheltenham, and will be an acquisition to the list of London hostesses.

KAY'S COMPOUND. a demulcent anodyne expectorant for Co ughs:and Colds, 90., 134c1. Of all Chemlsts.—Advt.

DICAREST

NELLIE.

The new arrangement of hair makes the fixing on of tiaras a matter of some difficulty, but not insurmountable. Diamond stars have the merit of being easily settled in any kind of coiffure ; but, though pretty and becoming, toey are by no means so imposing as tiaras. Some girls much affect a flat bow of velvet, corresponding in colour either with their gown or its trinunings. This is pia on wire covered with velvet, and curved to fit round the coils of hair at the back. Sometimes this velvet is very finely wrought in gold, silver, jet, or jewPllery, and also it often serves as a background tor acme sparkling diamond ornaments. Girls quite young wear jewels now, although in modest quantity and simple form. Tiaras, sprays, stars, ilielems, and single•stone necklets are donned only with the dignity of two score years, but with' matronhood, however early in life that may be attained.

The newest millinery is very gay. The straw hats are mostly in two shades, btu& and vieux roses, green and white, &c., and the light tone is generally carried out again in the trimmings. A smart chapeau of black straw with crown of green, and a band to match on the brim, was gay with green velvet twists and bows, and black ostrich tips, whilst a black and heliotrope shape was adorned with shaped mauve and purple poppies. The general effect of the vivid colours obtaining is cheery and bright, and individually the brilliant coloura are most becoming. One lady at a recent reception was garbed in bright scarlet, which with magnificent diamonds made quite a regal display. An entire dress of turquoise blue fancy silk and velvet, with which diamonds and turquoises were worn, was much admired. A gown of bright purple velvet looked beautiful, and was by no means the single instance in which that hue was adopted either for an entire dress or for trimming gowns of other colour. A beautiful frock was in bright strong yellow brooatelle, the embossed design being very rich and effective. The skirt was wide and full, and was just on the ground at the back. It was trimmed with five narrow ruches of the palest possible green velvet placed at graduated interval e round the skirt to within about three-quarters of a yard of the waist. Toe bodice was crossed over and made with picture sleeves. Over these were deep frills of pale green chiffon embroidered round the edge with silk. The effect was very fresh and spring-like, and the gown an exec4ively pretty one.

A toilette de ville, in dark green tartan velvet, with Princess overdress in drab cloth laced down the right side was charming to contemplate, despite the absence of glaring colours. A kind of deep double collar extended in cascade folds to just below the waist, and a tiny embroidery ornamented the edges of this and the tunic part. Evening gowns are now often made entirely of velveteen in some of the charming new tints. Moss and lizard shades are exzeedingly fashionable, and sapphire-blue is always a favourite with blondes. One gown was of moss-green velveteen, with a cascade ruche, pouffed short sleeves, and a folded belt all of the same material. The front of the bodice was turned back to form revels, and folds of silk were inserted. This gown may be renderod exceedingly smart if the shell or cascade ruche were lined with pink surah or merv, and the skirt made up on pink linen or alpaca, and finished with a pink bayaleuse. The opening of the bodice could also be tilled in with pink, and the hair dressed with little ban( -4 pink heather.

For home and unceremonious dinners it is quite permissible to wear a teagown. Often these gar- ments, which were originally intended for deshabille, are marvels of rich materials and artistic creation, d fficu I t to distinguish from veritable dinner costumes. The Empire style is the favourite, although the Watteau runs it very close, and is certainly the more becoming of the two for figures which are not quite perfect. One was of silver grey satin brocadesi in silver, opening over a petticoat of very pale rose-coloured satin, clouded in white ; round the hem a band of white fox for; on the shoulders a deep fall of iseedle-run Alen9on lace, with a narrow band of fur at the top; sleeves with large pulls to the elbow, and from thence tight to the waist. Another gown was of heliotrope silk.corduroy—a new and very pretty material, made very pretty with a Watteau pleat at the back and a lace yoke in the front, trimmed round the hem with three closely-pleated frills of white crepe, the sleeves and neck to match. A third costume was of a rich, handsome. looking fabric, silk poplin, m the shade of green known as Vert Isly. The lace of the under-dress, wlich showed as chemisette, and ion, tight-fitting cuffs on bodice, and again, through the gores of skirt, was deep cream, almost coffee-colour, and the velvet chestnut brown. Yours ever, JENNig.

The plans of Lord Salisbury's villa in the South of France were prepared by Lady Salisbury. Laces not in wear should be dabbled in clear cold water to remove all traces of starch, dried in the sun, and wrapped in dark-blue paper.

A law in Turkey, with penalties in case of infringe- ment, declares it to be a great offence for Mohammedan women to be photographed.

There is a large carriage manufactory in Di aw York in which tile chief decorator is a woman, who has twenty women employed in the department which she controls.

41/442...}11 pric,) • • __ Arm , , • -.-- ....,0 , ' IN.--....-%.4.:--- • I

-11;' r :t4 Vit f 4 „ !, ( t A - ' f x)10 Itl/211 4 4 4, Ai,,,,tyits • fiirs ;,

ads ..• .- . .. lir 14:•••';, .:•`...,1• \ 1 - ' 4s'\ i ( "Fni3Villi • i , . i \ \ , ht,.. ~'....,, 7:1 •1‘ 3, , ' A':;;,.'ie 1 , -,4 - , 1 \ \\, .r , -

===== 0002601_18930225_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON LITERARY AND PIIILOSOPRICAL SOCIETY.

PAPER ON RENWICK. IBSEN.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Literary and Philosophical Society was held on Monday in the Museum Lecture Room. The chair was occupied by the president of the society (Mr. Robert Davies,) and the essayist was Mr. T. C. London, who gave an essay on the Norwegian dramatist, Renrick Ibsen. Mr. J. H. Jackson, and Mr. J. G. Garnall were proposed as members of the society. Mr. Davies in his opening remarks said that he was almost perfectly ignorant of the subject to be dis- cussed that night, and he came there expecting to learn something. Mr. LONDON then proceeded with his essay. Ho said that an Englishman's culture rarely extended to a know- ledge of continental literature. It sometimes extended to a somewhat slight knowledge of the French literature. We need a little widening of our horizon, and in coming that night to study the subject of Ibsen they came to study a man destined to exercise a great influence Upon the thought of the world. We cannot understand Ibsen's works, unless we know something about the man. Ibsen was born in a village in Norway, called Skeen, on March 20, 1828. It may be said that he had not a drop of Norwegian blood in his veins by direct descent. From what we know of his descent, there was a mix- ture of Danish, German, and Scotch in his constitution. This descent throws some considerable light upon his character. From the Scotch element, we have that remarkable puritan vein running through all his works. From the German are derived the speculativeness mani- fested in nearly all his works, and the tendency to deal with abstract and abstruse questions of morality with regard to the higher branches of human conduct. Skeen was only a homely little town of 3,000 inhabitants, but there was an upper class, consisting of the officials of the municipality, and the older families, and there was also a lower class. Ibsen's family belonged to the former, but when he was about eight years if age, the fortunes of the family were broken, and his father became bankrupt. Ibsen's youth was remarkable for gravity and lack of familiarity with associations of his boyhood. He had a very distinct artistic. faculty,and had a longing to be an artist. He was sent to a public school, and even here he distinguished himself. He afterwards went to Grimsted as an apothecary. His earliest published poem was written here in 1849, upon the Hungarian de- feat, in which he glorified those who were slain. His first plays were received very coldly by the theatre managers and the public, but he finally won his way into public esteem. Mr. London commented very severely upon the criticism which Ibsen met with in England, and concluded his paper by giving a sketch of one of Ibsen's works entitled 'Brand." In the discussion vrnich followed, Mr. DAVIES said that he had the greatest admiration for the ancient . Greeks, whe gave us the noblest features not only of the human mind as exemplified by her philosophers, but most beautiful features of the human form, but he he did not like such studies as he gathered from the essayist, that Ibsen indulged in. He wanted to look upon something bright and noble, and did not want to hear anything repulsive. There must have been some- thing that repelled certain people from Ibsen. and he (Mr. Davies), thought that he himself would be one of those people. At the same time, he thought the essayist had shown great ability in his paper that night.—Mr. A. J. JOLLEY moved a vote of thanks to the essayist. He said that he understood Mr. London to compare Ibsen with Zola. If that comparison be a just one, Ibsen was not deserving of the high praise which Mr. London had showered upon him. It was very fine for writers to stir up the mud, and then to put in a few lines of moral sentiment at the finish.—Mr. A. BENNETT seconded, and Mr. J. PEERS, and Mr. J: RYMER YOUNG supported the motion, which was carried unanimously.—Mr. LONDON briefly replied, and Mr. DAVIES, referring to Mr. J. G. Go( nail, one of the new members proposed for election to the society, complimented him on the way in which he had grappled with the smallpox epidemic in War- rington. and expressed satisfaction that the disease had been almost stamped out. The meeting then termi- nated.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
STUMBLING ON FORTUNES

Gold was discovered in California in 1848, and in Colorado in 1858. The discovery was accidental in both cases, and the fact created the impression that mines were "lying about loose." Adventurers drifted about in hopes of stumbling upon a mine. Here are some instances of lucky finds ;—Three men while looking for gold in Calitornia discovered the dead body of a man who evidently had neen" prospecting,." "Poor fellow," said one of the trio, " he has passed in his checks." "Let's give him a decent burial," said another. "Some wife or mother will be glad if ever she imows it." They began todig a grave. Three feet below the surface they discovered signs of gold. The stranger was buried in another place and where they had located a grave they opened a gold mine.—An adventurer who had drifted 0 Leadville awoke one morning without food or money. He went out and shot a deer, which, in its dying agonies kicked up the dirt and disclosed signs of gold. The poor man staked out a "claim," and opened one of the most profitable claims ever worked in Lead ville.—Dead Man Claim," the name given to another rich mine in Leadville, was discovered by a broken-down miner while digging a grave. —A miner died when there was several feet of snow on the ground. His comrades laid his body in a snow bank and hired a man for 4dols. to dig a grave. The gravedigger, after three days' absence, was found digging a mine instead of a grave ; while excavating he had struck gold.—An unsuccessful Australian miner went up and down Colorado for several months " pro- specting" for gold and finding none. One day he sat down open a stone, and, while musing over his hard luck, aimlessly struck a stmie with his pick. !Ie chipped off a piece and sprang to his feet—the chip was rich gold quartz. He hurried into the little town of Rosita and went to the assay office, where a teamster had just dumped a load of wood. fie agreed to saw the wood to pay for assaying his chippea sample. The result of the assay sent him back to his "claim." When he had taken out of it 500,000d015. he sold the mine for 400,000d015. in cash and 1,000,000d015. in stock.

PUBLIC NOTICE.—Not one tint HUNDREDS of people of both sexes with wrecked and debilitated constitutlons are yearly restored to sound and robust health again by Messrs. Wilkinson. 3 and 4, Pitzallan Square, Sheffield. Write to them for advice free when suffering from weakness, loss of flesh, appetite, disturbed rest, pimples, blotches, indiges- tion, pallid skin, nervousness, and general debLity. Posi- tive cure for all Blood and Skin Diseases, acquired or consti- tutional. Sixty years' experience. One address (as above) for over 30 years. The" A 1 Mixture," 4s. 9d. the case. The Idagio Mirror in envelope, four stamps. Sufferers Wasp- pointed with Electric Beira should write to us at once.—Advt

===== 0002601_18930225_art0025.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 la i i a __ , „

===== 0002601_18930225_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
DARK-It-7/00D.

A TALE OF LONEMOOR.

BT MRS. HARRIETT LEWIS, author of "The Sundered Hearts," "The Bailiff's Scheme," "The Double Life," (U.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
BRUNNER, MOND, AND CO., LIMITED.

A BIG DIVIDEND AND RESERVE FUND. The twenty-fourth half-yearly meeting of the share' holders of this company was held on Monday, ia the, Law Association-rooms, Cook-street, Liverpool, unrif; the presiaency of Mr. J. T. Brunner, M.P., and was Ye" numerously attended. The balance sheet and profit and loss account shoWed, a credit balance of £287,002 Ws. 21. on the working the half-year ended tfie 31st December. This, £78,518 2s. Bd. brought forward from the previous year, made a total of £3413,810 18s. 10d. The directn`; proposed to give adi viaend ol 7 per cent on prefereq. shares and 50 per cent on ordinary shares, write off patents account, and carry forward £173tra.",,, 13s. 10d. The report stated that the reserve fund now so large that the directors did not propose to creaseit. . • The Chairman, in moving the adoption of the rePOl4„; congratulated the shareholders on the very satisfact„,„°". balance sheet and dividend presented to them. •":„ motion was seeonded by Mr. Coghill and carried imously.—On the motion of the Chairman seconds(' Mr. Holland, £5OO was voted to the directors for the services during the past half year. Messrs. Henry J31.11,;10 ner, Thomas H. Forgan, and Charles J. GallowaY °- re-elected directors. An extraordinary meeting was immediately afteroariud! held, for the purpose of considering the proposed rearled ton that the articles of association be altered and ad:"„al to in the manner following :—Article 3n.—The nl, capital of the company shall he increased to 2,i•/°‘" by the creation of new shares. (a) The slirectors Moo at their discretion issue any number of shares uP t° jog nominal amount of unissued capital for the time hefote of the company, including unissued capital hernon eto authorised, as well as the increase of capital her;', authorised, and may issue such shares from time t° tibce as ordinary shares or in such proportion of prefere and ordinary shares, and as regards the increase es capital hereby authorised for such nominal amount Kb- share being £lO or any smaller sum, and with ar oe- out premium, as thedirectors shall from time deteruttb (b). Tne directors may at their discretion offer to 7,01 or either classes of shareholders, and on such terms ors at such prices, but not at a discount, as the shall from time, determine, fully or partly Pal efer ordinary and preferenoe shares, or ordinary or ence shares, in-payment of the whole or part dividend for the time being payable to shareholderare any class, and may issue such shares to those 9140 holders who accept the offer so made. Article 3c• or company may from time to time sub-divide its r' any of them. suhr The Chairman,in moving the adoption of the rc. tion, reminded them that in August, 1884, the holders authorised the directors to raise the capital Plea £600,000 to a million and a half. Now they were this It 4 to authorise its increase to two millions. There wa lot difference in the two proposals, that whereas io opt they were empowered to offer shares to those not altesoli shareholders, to-day they were asked to do thing, but would be bound to offer them t o shareoneve alone. It was proposed, however, to offer the,, shares in lower nominal athounts than £lO, so as t"Zuld the benefit to a larger number of shareholders than of be done with the old £lO shares: As to the qut.stio subdividing the old shares for the sake of undo° that would come later. h t The Chairman, in answer to questions, said t ation $ directors did not intend to issue shares under readl before calling up the balance upon the shares issued. (Hear, hear and applause). However, i were allotted or offered shares by way of dividend, thei,,„ on not to be bound to wait till the balance was paid UP li- wd ee' the old shares. (Hear, hear). As to why theY °to at theY creasing the capital of the company, he was boun the that they were asking the shareholders to ra'a„s the capital so that the company might be as strOng ;• great work done by it up to-day could make it (0aø hear.) They were aware that competition in ti oø Was was very keen, and that they had very powern,ttø binations arrayed against them not only in Engla"-'that all over the world. Be reminded the shareholdso.o,o it was always open to them to refuse the sharee they were offered them. (Laughter). chsir and the The motion was carriet unanimously, to Ds man intimated that the confirmatory meeting yr° held on the 18th March.

p

I

I

===== 0002601_18930225_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
e, „

,owlif/i•Aii

7,ma,6iqB)

GIVE EASE & COMFORT DURING TEETHING. Pleasant, Cooling Aperient for Children of all Age'' Try them and prove their value for yourselves. free Sold everywhere in pa.ikets. 14. 10. and Zs. 9d.. or cost 14 or 34 Rtamps. J. PRITCHARD, CHEMIST, CHEA.DLE, MANCHESTER (late Choriton

0 • e, • " ,

-

===== 0002601_18930225_art0029.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
L

===== 0002601_18930225_art0030.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
to Id ,et

===== 0002601_18930225_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
he 11. n't per

===== 0002601_18930225_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
iis ; a ad ia AG ra- i I

ol ii for

,crd tb• !at ter

er ;ed aid

rtie ,s or

===== 0002601_18930225_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
at t.ll of

it of ler Eta iff

iSt• rail :uti uSe

33re- fr°°,, thilso 188°' ou 003 of oito,

t the 10 reasif did were 00 e o a the 5 t," Flew' Wel° 000: tIO when 1/

3 d.

1. e 3. t ire°

===== 0002601_18930225_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EW HOME RULE

BILL.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
ITS PROVISIONS.

IMPERIAL SUPREMACY. • ThP measure, which was issued on Saturday morning, 12 described as " A Hill to amend the provision for the toitow,nyernment of Ireland ; " and the preamble is as Whereas it is expedient that, without impairing or VLatricting the supreme authority of Parliament, an Irish r‘seeittlature should be created for such purposes in Ire- "d as in this Act mentioned." Th LP:GISLATIVE AUTHORITY. ture--! following clauses establish the Irish Legisla- / .I,* On and after the appointed day there shall be in iimand a Legislature consistiag of her Majesty the thue,en and of two blouses, the Legislative Council and •ieL.r„.lLeeislative Aasembly. With the exceptions and subject to the restrictions ,his Act mentioned, there shall be granted to the • Legislature power to make laws for the peace, good government of Ireland in respect of tia, • 'tem exclusively relating to Ireland or acme part ereor.

niSA-BILITIES OF THE IRISH PAHLIAIIIINT. 4411 third clause declares : The Irish Legislature shall in- have power to make laws in respect of the follow- -latters, or any of them : R. 'HI Crown, or the succession to the Crown, or a t:'gtitieroe:w,no.r the Lord-Lieutenant as representative of • _e mawkairn.g of peace or war or matters arising from a o Naval or military forces, or the defence of the reAlin. Yreaties and other relations with foreign States, or the _Potations between different parts of her Majesty's ° 41inions or offences connected with such treaties Of telafioas. Di • Trgnities or titles of honour. tie,neason, treason-felony, alienage, or naturalize- IrTrade with any place out of Ireland ; or quarantine, I,e_?avigation (except as respects inland water and local "..th or harbour regulations). tkis_ eacons, lighthouses, or sea marks (except so far as 1,,`,73' can consistently with any general Act of Parliament Inti)e.onstructed or maintained by a local harbour autho ,F4)axiunraegse., legal tender, or the standard of weights and ajrad,' mark,' merchandise marks, copyright, or pat- -A" tights. 14-11 Y law made in contravention of this section shall void.

lIESTRICTIONS. ' The Powers of the Irish Legisiature shall not, accord- Lnw".o the fourth clause, extend to the making of any tne establishment or endowment of re- -5.1°t1, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. Posing any disabili or conferring any privilege %account of religious belief. iistbregatiog or prejudically affecting the right to estab- or maintain any place of denominational edu- ",.!en or any denoininational institution or charity. fr,ejudically affecting the right of any child to attend 1.2n00l receiving public money, without attending the erns instruction at that school. T.,ll,.erebS' any person may be deprived of life, liberty, tlee`ie',l°l3,e,rtY without due process of law, or may be vat,: 'fie equal protection of the taws, or whereby pri- WieroPerty may be taken without just compensation. eyalY A lereb... any existing corporatiom incorporated by ne' r ates, cess, Clintter or by any local or general Act of Parlia- tax (rls, ret being a corporation raising for public purposes so dues, or tolls, or administering funds Majaeisst7d) rany unless it consents, or the leave ot her oftbe first obtained on address from the two Houses ' levee, 106 h Legislature, be deprived ef its rights, .privi- '"nerty without due process of law. Whereb May be djv fisheries. inhabitants of the United Kingdom prived of equal rights as represents public sea beAlly 14w Made in contravention of this section shall void.

CIanRERcIITITIC ADTHORITY AND vino. sjish e 5 transfers the executive authority and estab- es the power of veto in the following terms : The :feeUtive power in Irelanckshall continue vested in her ajesty the Queen,and the Lord Lieutenant,on behalf of ger Majesty, shall exercise any prorogativee or other eZecutive power of the Queemthe exercise of which may ,be delegated to him by her Majesty, and shall, in her l'aeiesty's name, summon, prorogue, and dissolve the `rieh Legislature. There r hall be an executive committee of the Privy uncil of Ireland to aid and advise in the government ef Ireland, being of such numbers, and comprising per- °4B holding such office, as her Majesty may think it or be directed by Irish Act. The Lord-Lieutenant shall, on the advice of the said Oeentive committee, give or withhold the assent of her raiesty to Bills passed by the two Houses of the Irish ielature, subject, nevertheless, to any instructions 61Vell by her Majesty in respect to any such Bill. shelause THE SBOOND CHAMBER. 6 provides that the Irish Legislative Council all consist of forty-eight councillors, to be elected by !instituenc.es composed of electors owning or occupying `t`wilY land or tenement of a rateable value of more than s ebtY pounds, " Provided that a ntan shall not be _!2titled to be registered, or if registered to vote at an tehtece ti,son of a councillor in more than one constituency in same year.' The term of office of every councillor (1- eie eight years, and shall not be effected by a elsolution.

THE MEN COIIIIOES. 01:,11 e seventh clause settles the composition of the Irish Commons thus: Irish Legislative Assembly shall consist of 103 "'erotic con . ts, returned by the existing parliamentary th stituencies in Ireland, or the existing divisions thee"?r, and elected by the parliamentary electors fer I.lfille being in those constituencies or divisions. e Irish Legislative Assembly when summoned may, i'raless sooner dissolved, have continuance for ave years 101111 the day on which the summons directs it to meet, no lonaer. L4ft,- si.,tye.ars from the passing of this Act the Irish aveialative the • • a Res the qualifications of the electors, e const • b,rs ituencies, and the distribution of the mem- dist :among the constituencies provided that in such tibution due regard is had to the populatioa of the astituencies• l'hc • CIECURITY ACJAINST A DEADLOCK. dis • eight clause provides a method of dealing with a proagteernent between the two louses: If a Bill or any n of a Bill adopted by the Legislative Assembly a:4st hY the disagreement of the Legislative Council, tafter a dissolution, or the period of two years from said disagreement, such Bill, or a Bill for enacting the ‘4 nrovi.ion is again adopted by the Legislative bre,ltiblY, and fails within three months afterwards to fo4LuoPted by the Legislative Council, the same shall 40 "with be submitted to the members of the two alblii,Bt's deliberating and voting together thereon, and be adopted or rejected according to the decision of ou' T''ajority of those members present and voting on the estion. TRISH REPRESENTATIVES TE THE ERITIIII ROUSE. it .Ise 9creates a new Irish representive body to the Ito penal Parliament in the following terms : haAfter the appointed day each of the constituencies ephilled in the second schedule [which enumerates the tu"tties And boroughs to be empowered to return eighty 0110,„ the '-'crS] to this Act shall returu to serve in Parliament %eh MUnber of members named opposite thereto in that t and no more, and Dublin University shall cease -"um any member. DISTINCTITE TUSINESS. aratin Irish representative per in the House of Lords a' Member of the House f Commmons for an Irish o°lzthStituencv shall not be ent,tled to deliberate or vote

0f1237. Bill or motion in relation thereto, the operation 20,711ich Bill or motion is confined to Great Britain or e other part thereof : Aar, • r. Motion or resolution relating solely to some tax L. raised or to be raised in Ireland : RZUr motion or resolution exclusively affecting Great or some part therecf, or some local authority or person or thing thereit. rlcejulaliance with the prcrisions of this section shall ue questiened otherwisi than in each House in man Provided by the Noose.

CI AIISCELLANEOIS RESTRICTIONS. pIe„..4IISS a is apparently Limyd at preventing endow- A• " of religious organizaion, bounties on trade, expen .Itur ah „ e on volunteers, /Sm., declaring as it does that, " it , Itit not be lawful for thelJegislative Assemble to adopt a-r, Pass any vote, resolutim, address, or Bill for the rt'Propriation for any punose of any part of the public even ot ue of Ireland, or of toy tax, except in pursuance SE from from the Lord-Lieutenant in the —8" in which h vote, resolution, address or Bill is proposed. such e, .. , , I FOsT OFFICE, TELEGRARS, AND SAYINGS BANES. , 'e ~,. 45 from the appointed tay the postal and telegraph rvice in Ireland shall be ransferred to the Irish Gov- I and may be reguited by Irish Act, except as la this Act r , mentioned and except as regards matters tlating To such conditions of tin transmission or delivery of

postal packets and telegrams as are incidental to the duties on postage; or To foreign mails or submarine telegraphs or through lines in connection there with ; or To any other postal or telegraphic business in connec- tion with places out of the United Kingdom. As regards the revenue and expenses of the postal and telegraph service, the Postmaster-General shall retain the revenue collected and defray the expenses in- curred in Great Britain, and the Irish Post Office shall retain the revenue collected and defray the expenses in- curred to Ireland. The Treasury shall publish not less than six months previous notice of the transfer of Savings Banks, so that depositors and trustees may, if they so elect, be dealt with by Great Britain. DECISION OF CONSTITUTIONAL QUESTIONS. Clause 22 deals with this subject : The appeal from courts in Ireland to the House of Lords shall cease ; and where any person would, but for this Act, leave a right to appeal from any court in Ireland to the House of Lords, such person shall have the like right to appeal to her Majesty the Queen in Council. The 23rd clause contains a special provision. If it appears to the Lord-Lieutenant or a Secretary of State I expedient in the public interest that steps shall be taken for the speedy determination of the question whethe any Irish Act or any provision thereof is beyond the powers of the Irish Legislature he may represent the same to her Majesty in Council, and thereupon the said question shall be forthwith referred to and heard and determined by the Judical Committee of the Privy Council, constituted as if hearing an appeal from a court in Ireland.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
TIER JUDGES.

.--„--. The jadges appointed after this Act are to be irremov- able, except in pursuance of an address from the two Houses. The present judges are to continue in office, but if any of them retires with the Queen's approbation before completion of the period of service entitling him to a pension, her Majesty may, if she thinks fit, grant to him such pension.

CIVIL SERVICE. All existing officers in the permanent civil service of the Crown shall continue to hold their offices by the same tenure and to receive the same salaries, gratuities, and pensions, and to be liable to perform the duties as heretofore, or such duties as the Treasury may declare to be analagous ; and the said gratuities and pensioas, and until three years after the passing of this Act, the salaries due to any of the said officers, if remaining in his existing office, shall be paid to the payees. Any such officer may after three years from the pass- ing of this Act retire from office, and shall at any time during those three years, if required by the Irish Government, retire from office, and on any such retire- ment may be awarded by the Treasury a gratuity or pension.

*IRISH LAND. The thirty-fifth clause introduces a temporary restric- tion regarding the land question. During three years from the passing of this Act, and if Parliament is then sitting until the end of that session of Parliament, the Irish L.,gislature shall not pass an Act respecting the relations of landlord and tenant, or the sale, purchase letting of land generally ; provided that nothing in this section shall preaent the passing of any Irish Act with a view to the purchase of land for railways, harbours, waterworks, town improvements, Cr other local under- takings. TEMPORARY APPOINTMENT OF IRISH JUDGES. During six years from the passing of this Act the appointment of a judge of the Supreme Court or other superior Court in Ireland (other than one of the Exchequer judges) shall be made in pursuance of a warrant from her Majesty, countersigned as here- to-fore.

THE MEETING OF THB IRISH PARLIAMENT. The Irish Legislature shall be summoned to meet on the first Tuesday in September, 1894, and the first elec- tion of members of the two Houses of the Irish Legisla- ture shall be held at such a time before that day as may be fixed by her Majesty in council. There are forty clauses and seven schedules in the Bill.

AN APPEAL TO THE IRISH RACE. The " Weekly Sun " ccntains the text of an appeal to America and Australia for the collection of funds for the remainder of the Home Rule campaign. The appeal, which has been cabled to Dr. Thomas Addis Emmet and other officers of the Irish Federation of the United States and to organisations in Canada and Australia for distri- bution among the supporters of Home Rule in those countries, is signed by Mr. Justin M'Carthy (chairman). Edward Blake, Thomas Sexton, Michael Davitt, John Dillon, T. M. Healy, William O'Brien, Arthur O'Connor, and T. P. O'Connor, as the Committee of the Irish Parliamentary party " We have reached," the address says, "a most crucial moment in the history of Ireland's long struggle for her rights." It describes the Home Rule Bill as forming as a whole a broad, solid, and enduring plan of national self-government. placing Ireland on a higher national plane than the bill of 1886. The representatives of Ireland, c‘intinues the appeal, have accepted without hesitation the constitution pro- posed in this bill as a fitting consummation of the sacri- fices and labours of the Irish race for so many centuries ; and they believe they could regard the enactment of this measure as a " final and triumphant close of the long, bloody, and sorrowful struggle." They cannot, how- ever, disregard the possibility of a prolonged and desperate campaign to defeat Mr. Gladstone's noble efforts, and wreck the Irish cause. Confronted by enemies venomous, unscrupulous, and with boundless wealth, it is impossible for the party to carry on even the short remnant of the struggle without assistance from all parts of the world. The appeal concludes by saving that, " borne by the generosity of their race through the long night, they ask now for the aid required for the hi ief interval that still stands between Ireland and her breaking day."

===== 0002601_18930225_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
ULSTER AND THE BILL.

The Lord Mayor of Belfast on Wednesday afternoon issued the following :—" In pursuance of a requisition, very numerously and influentially signed, received by me, of which the following is a copy :—• To Sir Daniel Dixon, J.P., Lord Mayor of Belfast,—We, the under- signed, request that your lordship would call a public meeting of merchants, tradesmen, and other ratepayers in Belfast who are opposed to the establishment of a separate legislature in Ireland, in order that they may have an opportunity of expressing their views on this very important subject,l request a public meeting of the merchants, traders, and other ratepayers of thecity who are opposed to the establishment of a separate legisla- tive body in Ireland, to be held in the covered market, St. Mary's-st., on Tuesday evening, the 28th, at half. past seven o'clock.—DANlEL DIXON, Lord Mayer."

It is proposed in Belfast that a deputation of 5,000 Ulstermen should proceed to London at their own expense and demand from Mr. Gladstone that he and his party shall not separate Ulster from the rest of the empire by his Home Rule Bill without their consent. No threats or violent language are to be used, but the demonstration is to act as a warning to the Premier.

--- A leading Conservative member of the House of Com- mons on Wednesday received a letter from an influen- tial Irish frieni stating that in every church in the diocese of Down, Conner, and Dromore, prayers were off i offered last Sunday against Home Rule. It s added that arrangements are being made to hole meetings and pass resolutions in every town and village throughout Ulster against Home Rule, these to be followed by a shoal of petitions to Parliament.

CANADIAN IRISHMEN AND Horn RULE. Orrawa, WEDNESDAY.—A. meeting of the Irish resi- dents of this city was held last night, when addresses were given by the Hon. J. W. Curran, Solicitor-General, and the Hon. John Costigan, Secretary of State, and several members of the Dominion Parliament. It was decided that steps should be taken to raise mosey in aid of the Irish party supporting the Home Rule Bill. Toirm.rro, WEDNESDAY.—At a meeting of the Canadian branch of the Irish National League, held last night, a resolution was unanimously adopted approving the principles cf Mr. Gladstone's Home Rule Bill, subject to the modifications desired by the Irish Parliamentary party.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. DILLON'S OPINION.

Speaking on Wednesday at a meeting of the Irish National Federation in Dublin, Mr. Dillon, M.P., re- ferring CO the Rome Rule Bill, said they had in it a measure which would give Ireland a freer Constitution and a more national government than she had under 'Grattan's Parliament. The Bill was one which justified any experienced politician in hoping for an arrange- ment under it by which the two countries would be able to develop national life in full partnership in the days to come. He did not say it was a perfect measure, but it offered to Ireland greater liberty than had ever been offered to her before. MIDLOTHIAN AND THE BILL. The Executive Committee of the Midlothian Liberal Association, meeting in Edinburg on Wednesday, were asked by Mr. John Romans, convener for Newbattle dis- trict, to pass a resolution to the effect "that the part of the Irish Home Rule Bill which legalises the retention ot eighty Irish representatives in the Imperial Parliament, where their votes can be used to upset and undo measures of vast importance to Scotland, whilst the Scottish members have no such powers over Irish measures, would be an act of injustice to Scotland, and would assuredly lead to national dissatisfaction, which would destroy confidence between the two peoples; and that no Ho,,e Rule measure is equitable and practicable which does not confer upon Scotland as well as upon Ireland a separate Legislature and Executive for the management of their respective national affairs, and give representatives in the Imperial Parliament along with England for managinc, Imperial business." The resolu- tion was only supported by the mover and his son. The meeting adopted another resolution congratulating Mr. Gladstone on his measure of Home Rule, and hailing with pleasure the prospect of reform in registration and

other important matters.

A LIBERAL APPEAL. In a manifesto issued to Liberal Associations the General Purposes Committee of the National Liberal Feeeration call attention to signs that the Opposition are organizing a strong resistance to the passing cf the Home

===== 0002601_18930225_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHEFFIELD MURDER. SHOCKING SPECTACLE.

On Saturday Edward Hemmings, collier, was charged at Sheffield with the murder of his wife at Woodhouse. —Superintendent Beilby said the prisoner and his wife for the past five weeks lodged at the house of a man named Charles Edward Kennington, a shunter, occupy- ing a room down stairs as a sleeping and living room. They retired to bed at ten o'clock on the night of the 15 Ii apparently friends. About three o'clock the following, morning a man named George Bradshaw, who lodged in the house, heard a slight scream proceeding from the room occupied by the prisoner and his wife. Knowing that the wife was subject to fits, he was not alarmed, but thinking that she was ill and that assistance might be required, he went to the top of the stairs and shouted, "Ted, is all right ? " The prisoner replied, "Yes ; nowt, nowt." Nothing more was heard until Mrs. Ken- nington heard the slamming of the back door at four o'clock. Knowing that was the time prisoner usually went to work in the pit, he having some distance to go, no notice was taken. About half-past five Bradshaw came downstairs and knocked at the door in passing to go to work to ask the wife if she was all right. Getting no reply he went inside, and was horrified to find the lifeless body of the prisoner's wife laid on her side with her head towards the fireplace, covered by the bed- clothes, the clothes having been removed from the bed. Having removed the clothes he found the woman was dead, her head having been nearly severed from her body. On the floor was a pool of blood. A communica- tion was made to the police, and inquiries were insti- tuted. On Friday night about ten o'clock prisoner went to the police-station at Normanton, where he has friends residing in the district. There he made a communica- tion to the inspector's wife. Inspector Turton, being convinced that the prisoner was the man wanted for the murder, arrested him. Witness had charged him with having murdered his wife and he replied "It's right." The superintendent added that since then the prisoner was examined, and a pair of stockings he was wearing were found to bear marks of blood. He then asked that the prisoner might be remanded until next Friday to enable him to have the inquest held, and also to pi epare the evicbnce necessary to lay before the justices.—Pri- soner was then remanded.

EPPS'S COOOl.--GRITEFUL AND COMFORTING.—" By a thorough knowledge of the natural laws which govern the operations of digestion and nutrition, and by a caret ul ap- plication of the fine properties of well-selected COCOA, Mr. Epps has provided our breakfast tables with a delicately, flavoured beverage which may save us many heavy ch,ctors bills. It to by the judicious use of such articles of diet that a constitution may be gradually built up until strong enough to resist every tendeney to lisease. Hundreds of subtle maladies are !leafing around us ready to attack where- ever there is a weak point. We may escape many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well fox tified with pure blood and a properly nourished frame." —Civil Service Gazette.—Made simply with boiling water or milk. Sold only in packets, by Grocers, labelled JAMES Eves, & Co.. ROFPCPC, roll° Chemists, London. Also Makers of Epps's Cocoaine or Nib-Extract

===== 0002601_18930225_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
111 E EXAM ER, SA_TUIZDAY, FEBRUARY 25. 1893

===== 0002601_18930225_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

- - eeretaries of Football Clul,s are requested to note that reports of matches played on Saturday must be sent to the head office, Bewsey-street. Warrington, not later than ten o'clock on Wednesday morning.

CRICKHTERS should proeuri the 1893 Pocket Diary and Companion published by GEO. G. BUSSEY & CO. It is full Cl information and has the requirements of an ordinAry Di re. Le, her bound, gilt edges, post free 6c1., from the Sports Manufactory, Peckham ttye, London.

RUGBY.

WARRINGTON v. KENDAL HORNETS.

A visit to the home of Rugby football in Westmoreland is always enjoyed by the Warringtonians, and despite the fact that rain fell the whole time they were at Kendal on Saturday, the outing was thoroughly enjoyed. The match was the return engagement, and there would be a little over 1,000 present when the teams turned up, Heesom and Nevins being still away from the Warring- ton side, but the homesters received the valuable assist- ance of T. Hine, the county full-back, who had resolved to retire from the sport. The heavy rains which had Pr

prevailed in the district rendered the ground heavy going, and of course allowances had to be made for the mistakes which occasionally cropped up.

Allen kicked off and Webster's reply was met by Wilson, the result of the exchanges being that Kendal invaded the Warrington quarters. From the first scrimmage formed the visitors packed the better, and wheeling their opponents round, Holmes, Fair. Turner, and Donohue led the way to the Hornets' quarter, the former flooring Wilson after a quick follow-up. James Bate upset a movement between Hill and Railton, and then a free kick fell to Kendal, wnich Donohue neutralized, and Warrington now set up a permanent attack. Hine partially cleared on several occasions. but Evans, Lawless, and Webster responded brilliantly, whilst Boscow at his first essay intercepted a dribbling venture of Parsons and Hine, a judicious punt giving his side an immense advantage. Evans ran to within ten yards of the line, when the ground accounted for him, and Railton and Allen got the oval away, Crossley helping the sequence with a useful punt. Boscow, however, had to be accounted for, and the Warringtonian assisted his forwards splendidly with his fine kicking, rarely failing to find touch, The Brothers Turner and Jolley led the way in one rush, and then James Bate was penalized, but the advantage did not assist Kendal, for Boscow had to deal with the return, and Warrington were again on the aggressive. Parsons dribbled out of danger, and again Boscow made the " Insects " beat a hasty retreat, whilst from a line- out Jolley got into his stride, and sound tackling upset his well-meant pass. Warrington were again penalized near the line, and Boscow was in a rare position for a drop at goal, but he preferred touch, and his kick gravitated into touch a yard from the corner flag. A Splendid display of passing by the Bates, Evans, and Webster saw the latter being well held before he could get going, and then Higham, Fair. Turner, and Berry were each within an ace of scoring. Jolley was the first in another raid on the Kendal goal, but Hine was safe, and the two Bates passed across the scrimmage, but Crossley intervened, and his kick was responded to by Webster, the first minor being sent up. Evans again ran to the line, whilst James Bate was knocked into touch on the verge of scoring, and from a line-out immediately after Thornilev got over, but the point was overruled. The Kendal backs now passed admirably, and the effort resulted in them reaching the Warriugton quarters for the second time. The return to the attack was quickly affected, and from a scrimmage John Bate got in, but again a deaf ear was turned to the appeal. However, Success attended Warrington on the stroke of the interval, for passing by the backs finally saw Evans transferring to Lawless, and this player got in near the corner, Webster failing at a diffi- cult place, the score at half-time reading—Warrington, 0-1-2; Kendal Hornets, nil. On resuming, the homes- ters adopted the rushing tactics, and found them to act well, and for a time Boscow had all his work cut out to save his lines. The attempts to invade were met with commendable cvolness by the W arrington custodian, and his play was looked upon as one of the most remarkable expositions given at this enclosure. However, as a result of hard work, Kendal reached the Warring- ton quarters, and Thornilev cleared splendidly, starting a dribbling essay, which termi.lated in the visitors at- tacking strongly. Webster responded to a kick by Hine ! and had Warrington only picked up here, a scare was a certainty. The Turners and Ashton were prominent parties in seine heavy forward work, but Allan, Railton, and Wilson passed well, the latter getting clear, but Boscow tackled him finely opposite the grand stand. ! Boscow was now held near the posts, and by degrees the visitors rushed their opponents until they had once more obtained a footing in the Kendal quarters. Thornley again demonstrated himself in a line-out, and Webster was direetly afterwards applauded for a capital save, the attack of Kendal resulting in a minor. From now the visitors forced themselves on the Kendal lines, and the play fluctuated between the quarter flag and the line, and the result of their efforts was but another minor, and an interesting game ended in a Victory for Warrington by 0-1-3 to 0-0-1. Teams :—Warrington : J. Boscow, back ;P. R. Lawless, J. W. Evans, and H. Webster, three-quarter ; John Bate and James Bate, half backs ; H. Ashton, Fair Turner, Frank Turner, J. Jolley, T. Donohue, Tharniley, J. Berry, Holmes, and J. Higham, forwards. Kendal Hornets: T. Hine, back ; Allan, Railton, Wilson, and Crossley, three-quarters ; Hill and Braithwaite, half backs ; Hinson, Nicholson, Whiteley, Simm, W. Wilson, Parsons, Fisher, and F. Hind.

WARRINGTON "A " v. Winsnas A."—A capital gate had assembled when Widnes started against the wind, Potts returning to midfield. The home team by the aid of Lally, Edwards, and Flampson, quickly invading the visitors' domain and a minor forced. For some time Widnes more than held their own, Rowe showing up prominently, but a grand bit of play by Lally, Ashurst, and Masaey found the latter careering along touch and propeling the oval over the line. The certain try, how- ever, was not forthcoming, as an eager Warringtonian flopped on the ball, and being palpably offside the game was taken hack to midfield. Play continued of an even nature, nothing very brilliant on either side being exhib- ited, until a burst of passing between Ashurst, Lally, Barnes, and Massey pres.ed the visitors. Potts ran strongly, but Gordon intercepting, a pass enabled his side to gain a footing near midfield, Wade supplement- ing this effort by forcing Warrington into their quar- ters. A miskick by Mather let Edwards get away right into Widnes quarters, and from a long kick the ball rolled dead. Chiefly through the efforts of Potts, Hainpson, Davies, and Bradbury, the home team at- tacked, Eden ultimately sooting from a strong rush, Barnes converting. Very shortly afterwards from a scimmage on the goal line. Ash urst whipped the leather across to Potts, who got a second try, and half time arrived. Flampson, Edwards, and Bradbury were early conspicuous driving the Widnesians into their 25. lhen Bolesworth returned a couple of kicks, and Lally pass- ing to Ashurst the latter made a clever run into the visitors' line. Some fine kicking ensued, Bailey making

===== 0002601_18930225_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
a struggle so get through. A (lodging run by Barnes wa; replied to by Forster dribbling past centre, but the oval wa, soon brought back, a minor resulting. Strong play by Molyneux, Davies, and Barratt caused their opponents some trouble, Rowe and Wade eventually re- lieving. A brilliant run by Ashurst carried the contest right to the line, where Widnes were penalized, Barnes placing a capital goal. Hampson, Bradbury, Teare, and Eden then made a fine dribble, but again the visit- ors escaped luckily, at the expense of a minor. Another fine bit by Lally. Ashurst, Barnes, hnd Massey carried the scene of warfare dangerously near the goal. Widnes from a kick out got in Warrington territory, where Tears came away with a fine run, and passing to his comrades the visitors were again in some straits. Lally and Ashurst quickly got the ball, passed to Barnes, who scored and kicked a goal. Final score—Finai score— Warrington, 4-1-5 to nil. " • •

Ruaiconal V. BRADFORD.—On Saturday what is termed the event of the season in local football circles took place in the return engagement between Runcorn and Bradford, on the Irwell-lane enclosure. The first fixture at Park Avenue, on September 10th, was won by the Yorkshiremen, who scored two tries to one, after a most stubborn game. For the match on Saturday, Bradford played the same team, with the exception of Jenkinson and Bailey, that had vanquished Batley on the previous Saturday. Runcorn was also strongly represented. Notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, which fortunately improved before the kick-off, there would be between four and five thousand spectators present when the teams faced each other as follows :—Bradford • H. Ward, back; Dobson, Johnson, and Rlgg, three- quarter backs; W. Hall, and T. Whitham, half backs; 'Foothill, Broadley, Fieldhouse, Firth, Bates, Hutton, Robertson, Harker, and Kelsey, forwards. Runcorn : Houghton, back ; Rev. G. H. Kingston, J. H. Crompton, and E. J. Morris, three-quarter backs; S. Abrams and Faulkner, half backs . • W. Faulkner, Riley, Farmer, Langley, Williams, Hampson, Taylor, Stubbs, and Davies, forwards. Bradford won the toss, and elected to defend the town goal,which gave them the advantage of the strong wind. W. Faulkner s.arted, Ward returning to Morris, who ran the ball to the Bradford quarters. Toothill got off from a line out, and dribbled to Cromp- ton, who stayed his progress. The visitors still asserted themselves forward, and by short rushes forced the home team to defend. For a considerable length of time heavy scrimmaging ensued, the ball being held very tight, which made the game rather dull. Abrams at length raised the siege, and passing to Morris, that player made a brilliant effort, and ran near the centre line, where he passed to Crompton, who took up the running, and outpacing the whole of the Bradford backs, scored one of the grandest tries that has ever been re- corded on the Runcorn ground, a feat which was warmly applauded. The place kick failed. Resuming, Bradford made another raid on the home line, but some effective passing between the home backs gave Morris a chance, who cleared all opposition, but was finely overhauled close to the line. Toothill, Sugden, and Robertson cleared the danger with a fine dribble, Morris saving by kicking into touch. Crompton next got off with a grand dodgy run, but the tackling was safe. Another bout of passing between the home backs gave Kingston a grand chance, but he was over-raced and hauled down when almost over. Now the Tykes made 'a big rush, and Robertson headed a grand dribble, getting in owing to a misunderstanding between the home backs. Firth was , entrusted with the kick, and landed a goal. From the I centre kick the Runcornians made a supreme effort, and pressing Ward, the latter with a feeble kick put the ball in J. Faulkner's hands, who scored an easy try. Cromp- ton took the place, but again the kick failed. Half-time arrived with the score Runcorn two tries (four points) ; Bradford one goal (five points). Upon resuming, Run- corn played most brilliantly, and the ball was carried to the Bradford lines, Crompton dropping a goal, but on appeal the referee aecided that the ball had passed out- side the post Crompton again got hold, and dodging in ' his own inimitable style, he raced brilliantly .over. But again the kick failed. Runcorn were now leading, but did not in the least slacken their efforts, still keeping up a permanent attack on the Bradford citadel. Passing between Whitham, Hall and Dobsoa gave a little relief, but it was only momentory, Riley, Langley, Farmer, and Taylor led another attack, which resulted in J. Faulkner getting in behind the posts, after some scrimmaging on the Bradford line. Crompton this time placed with suc- cess. Hardly a minate elapsed ere Kingston, charging Dobson's kick down, picked up, and dodging Ward, com- pleted a beautiful try. The kick failed. The Yorkshire- men, stung by this reverse, made a desperate effort to stem the tide of disaster, and a strong rush carried the warfare to the home quarters. Hall got nicely away, and passed to Broadley, who had been put out as extra threequarters, but the Runcorn custodian fairly" spread- eagled" his man. Time was now called, leaving Run- corn the winners of the fastest and most brilliant game that has been played at Runcorn for a considerable length of time. The score read as follows :—Runcorn, 1-4-2 (13 paints) ; Bradford, 1-0-2 (5 points). WIDNES v. BLACELEY.—The above teams faced each other on Saturday afternoon on the Lowerhouse-lane ground. Play was not commenced until at least twenty minutes after advertised time. The visitors kicked off against the wind, and at once pressed the home boys, who, however, put on their spurs, and gained ground, Barber leading the way with a determined rush. Scrim- maging ensued, and Drummond made a brave attempt at goal. The Widnesians continued to press on, the enemy making every effort to withstand the attack,with the result that play was centred about midfield for some time, but eventually they were forced back again, the chemical boys having matters very much their own way. Wright put in a splendid run, but was floored on the very threshold of home, which was very hard lines, but the game was now one-sided,Drummond succeeding in scoring twice, Barber improving on one occasion. During the second half Wright scored twice, and Clarke and Hughes once each, but the attempts at goal were futile. Final result : Widnes, one goal ,five tries ; Black- ley, nothing.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

FRIENDS' SCHOOL, PENKSTH V. FARNWOATH GRAILMAR SCHOOL.—This match was played at Penketh on Satur- day. The ground was a veritable puddle, and the game was a rather slow one. Penketh lost the toss, and kicked off, with the wind at their backs, and son scored. At half time the score was four to none in their favour. On crossing over, and playing against the wind, they scored faster, Smith five, Reynolds and T heobald three each, and the game ended in a win for Penketh, 12 to none.

NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED, if made before the end of February at MARSH ti Furniture Warehouse, Bridge Foot, Warrington.—See fuller Adv., page 4.—Advt. A. well-to-do farmer named William Gray died in Bel- fast Lunatic Asylum on Monday from wounds which he inflicted on his windpipe with a piece of steel from a lady's corset, whickhe had contrived to secrete. ARE YOU ILL Sufferers from Gravel. Lumbago. Piles, Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaints. Diseases of Kidneys, Bladder, Urinary Organs, Stone. Gleet, Stric- ture, Sciatica, Rheumatism, and Gout, will find a positive cure in Holdroyd'a Gravel Pills. Try a small box, and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Price is 10. Of all chemists, or post free for 12 stamps from H OLD- BOYD'S Medical Hall. Cleckheaton, Yorks. Don't be put off. If you cannot get them write to the Proprietor, and a box will be sent next post.—Aid.

WORKINGMEN'S GOSPEL TEMPERANCE

MISSION.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
OPENING OF A NEW TEMPERANCE HALL.

On Tuesday afternoon, Mrs. F.W.Willis presided at the opening service of a Temperance Hall, in con- nection with the above-named mission. There was a good attendance of ladies present. The working- men who have been carrying on the outdoor work of this mission are endeavouring to rescue those who were the victims of intoxicating drink and have found a great hindrance to their work during inclement weather in not having a suitable build- ing in which to hold their meetings. The present building is the top room ot the late Wesleyan Sun- day school, which has been renovated at a cost of 'of about .ElOO, and which now seems eminently suitable for the purpose intended. Mrs. Willis in a few remarks said she thought they all saw the need for temperance work in this town, especially, seeing that Warrington was reputed as be- ing the fifth most drunken town in England. She hoped the Government would take the temperance question in , hand, and have public houses governed in a better way than at present. The Bishop of Manchester's scheme seemed the most feasible. The Bishop of Chester's Gothenberg system although an excellent one was rather more difficult to work. She said she had heard that this work in Warrington was taken up by working- men four years ago. They had stood at street corners and besought men to give up the drink. It was thought desirable to have a room in which to hold their meetings and she thought it their duty to show sympathy with this great work. Letters of arology for non-attendance were read from Miss Pier lit y i, Miss Harvey, Mrs. Garnett (Penketh and Mrs. eton. Mrs. Lane rendered two solos dur- ing the a oon. Miss BESSIE DUTTON said she thought the working- men had done the wrong thing in trusting their first meeting to women. (Laughter.) They were gathered together to remind each other of what they could accom- plish. They must not shrink back, or think they had no genius or capacities,for they had both. In:giving a short history of the work of the mission, Miss Dutton said the men had seen around them what temptations were placed right in the way. They also saw there were a hundred inducements on the other side ready to entice them away. But they felt there were many people,who.if they were urged and helped, would give drink up. This was the state of things when the promoters of the Mission began and they thought the very best thing they could do was to stand in the streets and lanes or any places where they could reach the people. They had also had the aid of men from other towns. The men had contributed liberally themselves, and sometimes the Temperance Federation had come to their assistance. Bat they had ielt the want of a room where they could carry on their work during inclement weather, or after the meeting when the pledge was taken and counsel was needed. They had faith in their fellow-townspeople that they would help them, and let none of them think that they could not do anything. Miss Dutton stated that over £93 had been spent to renovate the hall ; a little over LSO had been subscribed. She concluded by making an earnest appeal for funds. Mr. Taylor, Police Court missionary, gave an earnest temperance address. In this movement, he said, there was needed sympathy, unity and perseverance. Votes of thanks to Mrs. Willis, Miss Dutton, and Mrs. Lane concluded the meeting. THE EVENING MEETING.

In the evening a crowded meeting was held in the same hall when Mr. R. Garnett, J.r., occupied the chair. There were also on the platform the Revs. E. T. Reed and J. J. Langham,Mrs. Lewis of (Blackburn), Councillor Dixon, Messrs. John Fairclough, William Roberts, H. Taylor (Police Court Missionary), R. Storey, T. Price, J. Drury, and others. The Revs. John Vonge and T. Ross, sent letters of apology for non- attendance. The CHAIRMAN said he caine for the purpose of show- ing sympathy towards the Temperance Society, but he regretted the circumstances which caused him to occupy the position of Miss Bessie Dutton, who was taken un- well that afternoon and unable to preside at that meet- ing. She was a lady whom he held in great esteem for her works' sake. Speaking with regard to drink, he said they all considered this evil an important one. Even those who were most interested in the sale of drink were ' ready enough to say that they disliked drunkards ex- ceedingly. In regard to the remedy they differed—some ' went in for legal enactment, other friends went in for moral suasion. In his opinion they should go in for moral suasion. There were others who differed on the point—that a little was a good thing. But he believed there was no good in it. It was therefore their duty to do what they could to remove the evil. (Applause.) Mrs. Lewis in an interesting spent' gave many de- tails of her temperance work in Blackburn. She also referred to the use of wine at Sacraments in many churches, but she could not see hi it a symbol of the blood of Jesus Christ, when it was so intimately con- nected with the misery and drunkenness in our midst. Referring to Bands of Hope, she was of opinion that they should not be merely got up for entertainments, but that temperance principles should be well grounded in the children who attended them. The Rev. J. ,T. LANOMAM said he was glad to see the workingmen in homes of their own. He thought it was a grand thing when a man resolved to be a man and not the slave of his body, but it was a still grander thing when he was not content with being that, but resolved to help those brethren who were striving to fight against sin. He believed the workingmen were carrying on this work in the spirit of self sacrifice. Ile hoped they would not be discouraged in the work. The Rev. E. T. REED, who occupied the chair during the latter part of the meeting, said he considered the recommending of strong drink as a medicine by doctors to their patients was a step in the wrong direction. Science was proving morn and more clearly that it was unnecessary as a medicine. In proof of this he stated that there was a hospital which, for the last 10 or 12 years, had been worked on temperance lines, and it was found that patients recovered quite as quickly and well as in any other hospital. The speaker referred to the inspiration he had received on temperance by reading the biography of the late Mrs. Booth: He considered the Band of Hope work the most promising and it ought to be worked on the lines of its founder, Mr. Joseph Livesey, of Preston. Miss ROFF rendered two solos in an admirable manner during the evening. Votes of thanks were accorded the Chairmen, and all who had taken part in the meeting on the proposition of Mr. Drury, seconded by Mr. Price.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
_ WELSH DISESTABLISHMEN T.

A crowded meeting on the subject of the disestablish- meet and disendowment of the Church in Wales was heid on Wednesday night at Shrewsbury. The principal speaker was Mr. Lloyd George, M.P., who seconded a resolution expressing approval of the introduction of the Suspensory Bill, as a preliminary to disestablishment and disenaowment, and urging the Government to carry it into law during the present session. Mr. George's speech was in the main a reply to the recent utterances of the Bishop of St. Asaph. With reference to the posi- tion in Parliament, he said he did not believe that a Liberal Ministry could long exist which did not honestly attempt to liberate Wales from the spiritual thraldom she so abhorred. Using no words of menace, and rely- ing upon the honour and good faith of Ministers, he ventured to repeat what he said at Liverpool, that Wales was prepared if need be to cut adrift from her most cherished political connections in order to concentrate her energies on the attainment of that object. The fer- ment aroused during the past few weeks by the mere rumour of hesitancy on the part of the ministry proved that his conjecture was well founded. Welshmen were too much in earnest over this question to trifle, or toler- ate trifling, with it.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RAILWAY HATES AGITATION.

--- The Lancashire and Cheshire Conference on Railway Rates and Charges met in London on Wednysday to confer with members of Parliament, of whom a number were present. :sir J. J. Harwood, who presided. said the Conference was beginning a great crusade with new aspects and new preparations. It was their contention that the railway companies ought to have fixed rates, and in the endeavour to secure these rates the Confer- ence would not be deterred by menaces, from whatever quarter they might come. The followiric resolution was moved by the Mayor of Manchester, and after being supported by many ot the members of Parliament pre- sent, was carried unanimously :—" That this Confer- ence learns with satisfaction that the action taken by Sir James Whitehead and other members of Parliament has already resulted in a very important statement on behalf of her Majesty's Government. At the same time the Conference trusts that members of Parliament will not be satisfied with the intimation recently made by the President of the Board of Trade as a final settlement of the question, but that they will obtain a definite assurance of the intention of the Government to bring in a measure to prevent a repetition of the recent action of the railway companies, and which will relieve traders from any apprehension on the subject in future." If was further resolved to forward a copy of the resolution to the Prime Minister and the President of tha Board of Trade.

MEDICAL.

A CARD.

- EVEREND JOSEPH HOLMES' iraprovAil Mexican Prescription, as discovered in the hot table. , lands of Old Mexico, is a guaranteed cure to all those wh) ,tiffer from the errors and indiscretions of youth, neivous weakness, physical exhaustion, and early decay. To intro- duce it into England, the Mexican Prescription will be sent, qv., of charge. upon receipt ef a self addressed stamped envelope. Only address JOSEPH HoLmEs' Remedy Co. moom.borr Mansions,, Bloomsbury-square, London, w.C, 11Putiou thia paper.

XSTOP ON MOM ENT! "01-1! DEAR, DOCToR, MUST ott. MY DARLING DIE?" THERE IS VERY LIT rLs HOPE, BUT TRY TUDOR WILLIAMS' PATENT BALSAM OF HONEY. THERE IS NO MORE TRYING- SEASON FOR THE RUMAN CONSTITUTION THAN WY PRESENT WEATHICII.

Beware of the sunshine in the day and the coil winas nt nigh . Should you catch a cold, nip it in the bud by takhix the Certain Remedy,

TUDOR • WILLIAMS' BALSAM OF HONEY.

Thousands of Childre- have been Savel from an Untimely Death by the prompt Use of Tudor Williams' tialsvn pf Honey. No Moth:r should neglect to keen this lnfallibe Remedy in the house ready for any emergency. tb-member that it is wiser to check a sligh. Cough at the commencement than to allow it to develop into a lingering oomplaint. Ask distinctly for Tudor Williams' Balsams of Honey,anii sea that you get the right article. Thousouds of Children .2tired from Virhoopmg Cough and Bronchitia when all other Remedios fail. Persons suffering from Difficulty of Breathing shoal give it a trial. NOW COMMENDED BY PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS,

When you are distressed with a miserable cold, nose bunged up. throat sore, limbs aching with a general teeing of smothering, a few doses of the Balsam of Honey will leur the wretched symptoms away, ilmost before you know it. There is nothing like it en the market ; it is thorougniv up V) date; it trickles in, o all the system. A. .rue trend, prompt and reliable in its action. Just another word. When ycei ask or send for Tudor Williams' Patent Balsam of Honey, in tact allow anybody to persuade you to putnhase 6olnethi ig else. If you da you simply throw off the genuine article ad talc,: on with a false one. Wonderful :3ures Daily. Thousands if Testimonials to hand from all parts ef toe World.

SPONTANEOUS TESTIMONY. WORTHY OF YOUR CONSIDERATION.

Sir,—My wife desires me to say Mitt your Tudor William., Balsam ot Honey has proved a most valuable medicine in our large family (eight children). A, soon as a cough or cold makes ite appearance a do,e of Tudor's Bils.un is at Otte.. adminlidered, and this treatment is foliowed ~p until the cold disappears. Before using the Balsmn in our familv the claiid- ren have been prostrate with cods for several weeks, but now, by taking doses as directed, they s'eem to staffer ..ery little inconvenience. During the short time the cold is upon them the action of the Ba.sain is marvelious, and the litt.e ones take it readily and ask for snore—WALTER J. BRET r. Headmaster, Severn Tunnel School. March 16th, 1892. PHYSICIANS HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT I

THERE IS NO REMEDY UNDER THE CANOPY OF HEAVEN equal to Tudor Williams Patent Balsam of lioney bra lin- ter Cough. If your children or friends are losing their grip on life and scarcely abl to breathe, they should try Tudor Willia:ns' Patent Balsam of Roney. For weak-chested HIM, delicate w men and children It cares when all other remedies fail. It cures Cough, Colds. Bronchitis, itsthma, Lightness of the Chest. It cures tho isands of children of Bro.ichttis, and Whooping Cough. it cures for 0110 shilling when pltmds have been spent in vain. Do TRY Jr. You WILL NEFISR REGRET IT !

===== 0002601_18930225_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
BEAD WHAT PUBLIC MN TRINE: OF IT

" My Children's Cough and Bronchitis have been com- pletely cured OR several occasions by the celebrated i odor Williams' Bt,sam of Honey. ', he tight-breathing and paiu in the chest and lt,arseness they suffered was drew :fut. hat on taking the Balsam of Honey they had immediate ease. ft acts like a charm on then. I am certain the more the Balsam is known the more it will be appreciate 1. " I am, Sir, " Yours truly, " Alderman Tit MSS PHILIP WHITS: " MaCsyCWlllirier." Via Card if.

Sold by all Chemists and Stores all over the World in le. 2s. 9d., and 48. 6d. bottles.

See you get th:: right article.

Sample Bottle sent post paid for le. 3d., 3•3., and 56., fro:v the Inventor.

D. TUDOR WILLIAMS, R.D.S.L.

MEDICAL MALL, ABERDARE, WALES.

MRS. S. A. ALLEN'S

ORLD'S

HAIR RESTORER

Not a temporary expedient. but a permanent restorer. The hair is changed to its natural colour, and has all the luxuriance of youth.

RESTORES THE YOUTHFUL COLOUR.

Quickly changes grey or white hair to its natural colour. A per- fect hair dressing, delicately perfumed.

THE RECTOR OF WARRINGTON ON CON G REGATIONALISII.

On Sunday evening the Rector commenced at the Parish Church, Warrington, the first ot a series of addresses on the six principal founts of dissent. There was a good congregation. The Rector said that the forms of dissent which he proposed to deal with were the Independents, or Congregationalists, the Romanists, the Baptists, the Quakers, the Uni- tarians, and the, Wesleyans. The first two separated from the Church in the 18th century ; the next two in the 17th century, and the last two in the 18th century. He asked them to note the billowing point very particu- larly, as it was very instructive. The first sects separ- ated from the Church on the question of discipline, the next two separated on the question of ritual, and the last two on the question of doctrine. As Independents or Congregationalists arose from Presbyterianism and Puritanism he proposed to deal with the history of Presbyterianism, the history of Puritanism, and, thirdly he proposed to give an outline of the teaching of the Independents and Congregationalists. From one point of view the Presbyterians were at one with the Puritans, and yet there was a great difference between the two. The name Presbyterian seemed to point mere to doctrine, and the word Puritan to morality. After alluding to the development of Congregationa ism the Rector said the teaching of the Congregationalists with regard to the Church was that the Church was an invisible body consisting of God's elect scattered throng- out the land, and that there was also a visible Church consisting of those who possessed the true religion. Their teaching from that was that it was wrong to have a high organisation ; that there should not be a high organization of the Church. The teaching of the Church,which was believed to be that of the Apostles, was that the Church was a vis;ble as well as a spiritual society,consisting of the whole company of the baptised. Holy baptism was the gate by winch entrance was ob- tained int@ Christ's Church on earth. Christ was willing that a I should come by baptism into that society, and having come into it he wanted them to remain there and keep together. They believed that Christ appointed ministers and gave them power to appoint their succes- sors,whose successors they were at the present day. For that body he provided means of grace which,if they were only used aright, would be found all that was ne- cessary for the salvation of their souls. The Congrega- tionalists held that each congregation was in a sense a church, and each had power to settle its own doctrine, ritual, and discipline. He asked his hearers to note the fact particularly that the whole of the body had not the settling of religious questions, but the church member- ship of each church settled difficulties according to its own dictates.' The Rector next dealt with the church mem- bership of the Congregationalists. He said that when anyone wanted to be admitted into the inner circle, he had to be subjected to a careful examination as to his experience. What was the result ot that system? It had. been admitted by some of their own body btoßhdeoywwtolcirsaouttl.idtthwonaeye. a very dangerous system, for it excluded some of the s bersse,eatnicli a tincluded hst obmee o couldbest m rdeearn'iy against hypocrisy by such a system as that r Their third point was disbelief in sectari n control and nationaltroi iin thiendowments.ngs secular t be The h iht br cu ht a i theire vaed 6 "National" had never been given by property called Church ; it was given to the Church in times Stantee t he bo} the those who belonged to it. They believed that it was right that the Church should have such property. The Church looked upon it as a trust. To deal with the last point, he said that in 1440 Wycliffe, and in 1550 Calvin held that there were only two orders of ministers —the bishops or presbyters, and deacons. To that teaching the bishops, adhered at the present day. The Congregationalists bele that there were no real sacraments. They observed holy baptiem and holy communion as ordinances and commands of the Lord, but they did not blolt on them as blessed means of grace. They did not hold that in baptism the grace of regene- ration was conferred, nor did they believe that in Holy Communion there was the Body and Blond cf Jesus Christ, as the Church did. The Congregationalists thought much of what they called ordivat ion, but that eniy consisted in the election by the laity accompanied by the laying on of hands, but they did not believe, as the Church did, in the grace conferred by the laying on of hands, nor did they believe in the the grace given 'through the sacraments and sacramental ordinances.

I

,t

===== 0002601_18930225_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt " eyamintr " Altrfet

Or LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS Comprises THE Warrington and Mid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday mon-ling. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. Runcorn Examiner, published every Saturday • morning ; and rrilE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday ▪ morning.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. coming under the following heads are inserted in ALL the above-mentioned Papers for ONE CHARGE, as per sea:e given below. SITUATISTS WANTED, A.PARI MEND; TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTINERSIIIPS W A.NT RD, APARTMENTS WANTED, MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT.

—.--- -- --- NitscELLASTEOI.7B WANTS, HOTISES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BF: LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Wick. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ' 27 36 45 54 The above charges ere for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 28. per Insertion.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
4Lirotesslonal,

ALB and FEMALE NURSES INSTITUTION, 70, Ilope-at.. Liverpool. &stab. 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental. Medical, and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or -elegraph, " Nurses." Liverpool. ' lephone. 51C.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
i: omeatt Oerbants, Su.

A Good General SERVANT Wanted ;Protestant preferred. --A oply 87, Myrtle-at.. Liverpool.

WANTED, a gond PLAIN COOK. -Apply by letter. Mrs, TODHrNTFR, Lymm, Che hire.

. . -- - A steady WOMAN as HOUSEKEEPER, about 45 years of IN age, wanted at No 1, Grafton-at., Rirlestown.

COOK.- -Wanted, a good PLAIN COOK.—Apply to Mrs. THORP, Pear Tree House, Maceleatield, Cheshire.

PLAIN COOK Wanted, for small Hotel ; wages £l4, state age.—Apply Station Hotel, Bangor. North Wales.

NVANTED. a strong country GIRL. as General SERVANT age from 16 to 4. Apply 43, Price-st. Birkenhead.

WANTED, a good GENERAL SERVANT, age from 25 to 30.--Apply to Wm. PEE •, 78, High-st., Go!borne.

MrANTED. good General SERVAIN T good referenees required. Mrs. T. W. PEATR, Tendon. nenr Leedv.

SOBIWA.NTS.—Good Genera's and Tio.sernaids wanted Apply LOWE and LAITIIWAITE, 61, Bridge-st.. Warr n

WA.NTED, 3 COOKS, 3 HOUSEMAIDS, 01,1N.EitliT.S. TURNER'S liegibtry.7.larket Avenue, A3hton-under- Lyne.

_ WANT HD. tt good General SHRVANT.—AppIy to Miss BATON Dr , . Doyle'. Birch House, Bradshawzate. leic,h.

WANTF.D. a good TRAMSMNN. APIly JAM V. 9 PFACOP Jericho Farm, Torteth Park, Near Offerspool Station. Liverrool.

D P'aln Cook Wanted. about 3D; no dairy; con‘itry bg.king ; five in family.- RECTOR, Astley Rectory. near Stourr.or..

CIOOK WANTS SITUATION in private lunkly. where V kitchen-maid is kept; good refcrences.—Apply 17, Water-Bt. Rhyl. W-ANTED. good, honest GENERAL, able to wash. good character. vrages £l2.—Addreas 31, Mytton-stre,.t, Hulme. Manchs sten

WANTE D immediately, perienried Cooksmoli94lma, Generals. &e. Apply Miss HUDSON'S registry, 19, IrD t., Warrington.

WANT), SITUATION as GROOM; smart appearanre. rida and drive well, age 21, height Sit. 7n.—A.13 Distington. near Whitehaven.

WA.NTRI3.—GenPreI SURVANT, able to svak , with references, Mrs BLP:iBLET, 95, Ainaworth- road, RadClifie. near Manche?ter.

r 1 ENERAL SERVANT WANTED, trang and healliy. state a7e. wages, &c. Fare paid.—EAMSDEN, Bridg,fin d- road, West Bridgford. Nottingham.

VYT ANTED, experienced GENERAL SERVANT. or Mother's Delp. small family.—Mr. M. 24. Great Western—treet, Alexandra Park, Manchester.

YI4OANTUD, a place as COACHMAN or Groom-Coachman where help is given ; age 25 ; gooxi references.-I.i- -dress W. J. HARDING. Prestwood, Stourbridge.

Cl OOD }TOMB tot witworthy per,on, 1.1 to a,sist in farmhous., salary, beAlthy losality, no children----Mrs. W. D. Sw Nil. Eccup, nevr Led.

WANTED. SITUATION as COOK If OUSEKEEPER. by middle-aged person. goo reterene-s ran be given. —Address M., 20, St. Osivald-st., Old Swan Liverpool.

IV ANTED IMMEDIATELY. Cooks, Housernaios, Romp W - . Y maid aitresses, General and Farm Servanis.—Ap ly at once Mks E. TVIINER, 50, Sunderland-bt., Macclesfield.

A V TANTED,naL Waitress. a oc:1v we plaingee 16, f ih f ,e COOK. vrasf alsoloB —Address Mrs. 1. K. ROBI,RTS, Tottington all, near Bury. Lancashire

WANTED, SITUATION as MAID, to an elderly lady, good needlewoman, plain dressmaker. ale 4 31. Address J. W.. 160, Pear Tree !toad, New Normenton, Derby.

NVANTED, good PLAIN COOK, Protestant, help wash and iron; howemalil kcpt ; two in family, corm ortable hoine.—Mre. STACEY, St. Polycarp's Vicarage, Everton. Liverpool.

WANTED, a rva ectable active YOUNG PERSON as General Servant, housemaid kept ; part washing; Protestant. Address 97, Hartington-ruad, 6efton Park, Liverpool.

WANTRD AT ()NCH, a steady WOMAN to niake cheese m cioys or hlp with it ; gool wages given, character recei --11.A.PDERTON, Acton Hill, Eceleshall. Staffordshire.

WANTED AT ONCE, a re peetable GIRL. to assist in house work where another servant is kept;: age from 20 to 24.—Apn1y CURRIE, 'Royal Etandard Hotel, 73 Dalliot- road, Bootle, Liverpool.

WANTED, SITUATION as Drayman. or to drive out for Firm, age 28, stnesg. life time with horses; good referewe —Apply F.. care of T. Newborougb, Seal Wood, Linton. Burton-on-Trent.

-- WANTED, experienced GIOBBAL zsBRVANT, for small family in Bowdon ;no children; good washer and Ironer; a fair plain cook • good reference; wages £l6.—Mrs. MARMOT, Warrenhurst, Bowdon.

_ "W ANTED, SITIT A TION, GARDENER (good), s:ngle- handed ; experience uuder gins§ and outside, highest references intended vr le uould undertake dairy.—Bloom, Thornton Manor, Neston, Cheshire.

WANTED. S.TITATION as DROOII-COA.CHMAN ; are 40 ; 171; years' good character ; married. three chil- dren, yogrhtest eleven years. leavlng through family going away.--Apply COACIIMAN, Muncaster Hall, Eahaford, Lancashire.

'WANTED. SITUATION as head groom, or groom and V coachman. yan experienced min with good charac- ter, 7 years in pre.ent situa ion and 5 years previ us ; will be at liberty in March. Cal, be seen b. 4 appointment, a photo sent.—Address G. It ~ E. as'swr Office, W.,rrington.

NVANTED, SITUATION as Nursery Governess to two children 4 to S. ex peripneed and successful with young children ;or as Lady Help, cheerfl.l, loniesticated excel! ent reference, , good salary and c mfori able home DANIELS, 5 , Cirenceater-street, Harrow-road, P..ddingtan, London.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
Co bt Ed.

SHOP and HOUSE to LET. No. 59 and 61, Leonard,Btreet. —Apply 78, Enutaford road, Warrington.

RN KWH . 11.0U,-; 2, wit garden ; also several cottages.— J. Apply Mr. iIuBERT Lows:, estate agent, Market Gate Chambers, Warrisi Atm.

Go,b, :31 oz. HOUSE," ,ommodious real- denee staling. orchard and garden ; rent £so. , ROBV.RT &e.., Lew}, , Itstate Agent, Warrington. Mr.

- - - rr o LET, ranYasEs. tr; centre ol Warnugton, suitable for _L small workshops. —Apply Astfran and WOODS. Solicitors, tet-street, Warrington.

------- Y'OLlT.}iouse;}gl Esgl,- Aleub,t, Stnellon Hexth, Rent £lB. Three b. ark.otne. parlour, rittiug-reom, lc,tehen,and other corkvent nee.--A W rolavcx, builder, Wndererool.

-HOUSE AN) DARDEN To LET, No. 4. Salisbury-st., relit £25 Es, per swami. Contains two parlours. kitchen. &c.. five bedrooms, w.c., ad!)ath.—Apply GIBSON AND Bore. Church st.. arrington.

mo B LT,—HOUSE, I'o. 11, Muepum-at , Warrington, now in the occupation or Mr. C. B. Aylward as tenant thereof. for particulars apply Mr. TILWS, COWDELL, estate age It, 38, linutato.d-road,Warringthn.

GRANGE PARK FARM, VCCLESTON.—TO BR LET itil immedistr possession In whol,, or In part 45 acres of good grsziag land, 17 acims of untie'. 18141 with farm- ho,i,e, barn; and farm buildings.— For further particulars epp'y t(r It ENRY CROSS, Solicitcv,Pr..scot.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
ANT y IKM IiIET

• • By using our II ELIA BED-AIRERS S.; FOOT-WARNIERS, complete, with natural-wool etiserilig. Recommended by the LANCET. Price in Strong Copper. ha 6d. Tinned Steel, 3s, Free per parcel poet on receipt oi Postal order. Try one MACKENZIE 13RONCIIITIS KETTLE, 4s. Free t.er post. Y. Siil6ll.l3Y AND CO., 117, Lord-street, Wolverhampton.

ii/otrls.

EZlantrb.

t GENTS WANTED ts push first-class machinary oils. Li. Liberal Commission—Box 22, Post Office, Liverpool.

WVANTRD.—FARMERS' MAN, good all-round, wages Bs. with board and lodgings.—Address SWANN, Eccup, Leeds.

fIOOPERS.—WANTED a few good COOPERS, accustomed 1,../ to general work preferred.—GEo. PHELPS and Co., Swansea.

WANTED, FEMALE CANDIDATE for Pupil Teacher. Must be 14 before Sep. 30!h.—Addre s MISTRESS, 13, Kendrick-et.. Warrington.

'JTILUNEY.—Wanted at once, a MILLINER. able to 71 execute orders and attend sales.—Apply J. McCoLLom IND SON, Market Place, Warrington,

DItESSM .% KING and MILLINERY.—Wanted APPREN- TICKS to both Depa rtme ts —W. HODGKINSON, .4ridge-street, Warringt, n

WANTED, persons for homo work, either sex, experience unnecessary, sample particulars Ct. honest living.— STAFrenn, 29 Garemion-st., Leicester.

lAs. TO £2 PER WEEK easily earned in sp.re time by V either sex, full particulars and samples, sax stamps.— NINTERPRI9E 139, huston-road. Morecambe.

lIRAVELLERS calling upon tradesmen wanted. Liberal commission. State agencies now held.—BENT, Label Printers, 63, Borough-rd., London.

TOBACCONISTS commencing. Illd. Guide (3d.) How to I commence. TOBACCONISTS' OUTFIT] INC; CO.. 166, Hus- ton Road. London. Manager. Henry Myers. Est. 1866.

rpOBACCONISTS and those commencing should call or send for our Price List. Competition detied.—GOLDBEIIG.B, paradise-at.. Liverpool. Established 1850.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANY, LTD (Late John Nunnerley and Co., Ltd.). BUILDERS' MERCHANTS. ARPLY STATION, WARRINGTON. VELINHELL PENRHYN, AND CARNARVON SLATES. CEMENT, LIME, DRAIN PIPES, FIRE BRICKS, TILES. and every other kind of Builders' Materials kept In stock at our Arpley Wharf, or sent by road. rail, or vessel to any Town or Port in the United Kineons. SOLE AGENTS for the RUGBY PORTLAND CEMENT CO. Telephone NO. 19. Telegraphic Address: •' Arplev," W'gton

GBAND VIOLIN, forfeited, beauti- ful tone, splendid •• Amatus" Payments taken. copy, honestly worth three guineas. 2' 6 fine condition, only _ S. D.

QPLENDID piece of OILCLOTef, IJ painted back, 3 yards by 2, only Payments Taken.

SNOWDROPS, nicely packed with moss and ivy, 250, free 18.— NELLIE RAYNE, Post Office, Thurles.

RECIPE, genuine hair restorer. post free. 13 stamps.— .110 MB., 110. Hoxton-st.. London.

JEWELLERY, Watches, Watch Materials, Cutlery. Ele,..tro Plate.—Wholesale list, post free.—WEIGHT, St. Luke's- rd., Birmiogham.

()N SALE, MANURE WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire—Apply to I. Hosioxia, 16, Fenwiek-Street, Liverpool.

LARGE PARCEL beautiful AUSTRALIAN ORCHIDS posted on receipt 2s. 6d, Pest Office Order.—DINDSAY, South Grafton, New South Wales.

INDIGESTION, sure and inexpensive cure, recipe Is. ; neuralgia remedy, copy of physician's prescription Is. ; KSNWOOD. Hills View, Barnstaple.

A eRETTILY - ORNAMENTED BASKET c—ontainin—g shamrocks (which will grow) will be forwarded for Is. 3d.. charity. V. IfelisSELL, Monketown, Co. Cork.

capartments, Jurntatb Imusts, &r.

HENS' AND BOYS' SHIRTS, 'CARDIGAN JACKETS, WOOL AND MERINO UNDER SHIRTS, PANTE, DRAWERS, HOSIERY, acc. THE LARGEST ASSORTMENT AND BEST VALUE IN WARRINGTON, SEE WINDOWS AND OUTSIDE SHOW. J. cIUTTON, 18. MARKET•ST., WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1893.

Oalebp Vribatt Ertatp.

bp Vrtuate Crtatp.

Alarinntrp, su., on tale.

11}1CULAR SAW BENCH, with raising and falling V spindle, good con,ition, cheap.—SmiTn, 107, Granby- row, Manchester.

BOILER (patent Vertical), 91k. by 4tt. diameter, with Ver`ical engine. THE CRADLES: BOILER CompArnr, Cradiey Heath.

A 8-HORSE PORTABLE ENGINE for sale or hlre,and all Li.. kinds of machinery for sale.—Jouxßomocm., Longford- street, Warrington.

JJATHES and other MACHINERY for EnOneers, Machine M kers, &c. Varied st ck.—A.H.s.woirrtt, West End Ironworks, Sowerby Bridge.

TEETH I TEETH TEETH! MACDONALD'S FREE DENTORIUM. WHOLESALE ARTIFICIAL TEETH MANUFACTORY

(Registered.) BY H.M.R. Letters Patent. (Trade Mark.) The Best and Cheapest House in the Profession. Single Teeth, 2s. ; Sets. 20s. Nit and Quality Guaranteed. Patients fitted while they wait. A ladf in attendance. The Trade Supplied. All best materials and working. -ship. Teeth extracted free from e to 8 p.m. Teeth extracted without pain. Free consultations. Telegraphic Address "Dentist." Manchester. 28, PICCADILT (Opposite Infirmary Clock). BIANOHNSTRE,

Eirprltg, aossutettrs, &r.

A DV£ltTlSlin requires a loan of £lOO or £2OO. 25 per cent JI will be given per annura.—Apply L., 187, Southwark Park-road, London. Genuine.

£75000 At from 4 per cent., Trust and other Moneys, to be advanced on Mortgage in sums to suit borrowers, in any part of the country.—J. W READER, 5, Cook-street. Liverpool.

111 ESSRS. CUMPSTY AN D SONS, SURGEON DENTISTS, EXTRACT TERTII WITHOUT PAIN. 78—ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL-78 WITH NITROUS OXIDE GAS. A SET OF ARTIFICIAL TEEM WITH ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS, FROM 314. PER TOOTH. Mr. Cumpsty's advertisement to extract teeth without pain is strictly correct. Samuel Nash, Secretary young Men's Christian Aesociation.-10thAngnst,1889.

By Mr. WILLIAM ELLIS.

WILLIAM SOLAINI.

MR. THOMAS SUTTO.V.

OW, Voultrp, &r.

glatrunanp.

MATRIMONY.—A gentleman can introduce suitable persons. Particnlars six stamps. -•• Oxox," c.o. Croisette, 64, Finsbury Pavement, London.

" HOW TO ENSURE HEALTH."—A medical work giving Prescriptions and 'lnstructions for the cure of all kinds of Debility ; post•free, two stamps . Address Dr. BARNES. 48. Lonadale Square. Barnebury Loudon. N.

SMITH'S PIANOS AltE GOING VP, NOT IN PRIOR, BUT IN PUBLIC RSTIMATION. 179, OXFORD-ROAD, RIANCRESTSR.

QMITII, has concluded arrangementB for a reg Li supply of the justly celebrated PIANOS of the forddlo°' House in all Germany. GOES AND 'ULLMANN, OF BERLIN. tbat Who make (without doubt) the Anest German Pianos come into Great Britain.

" Reprove my allegation, if you can, Or else conclude my words effectual."—ShakesPleej Only two qualities will be kept in Stock—those most siu to English tastes, 35 and 40 Guineas, either of which TO id obtained only at SMITH'S at One Guinea Monthly till Pa tor. 179 OXFORD ROAD. MANCHESTER,

J. W. f r EmpERLBY,

MUSIC SELLER,

31, LOWLAND'S ROAD, RUNCORN. PIANOS, ORGANs; VioLINS, C.

Tuning and Repairs. An kinds of Fittings in Stoci'' Arrangements made for First-Class Orehebtral

===== 0002601_18930225_art0054.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3.3

===== 0002601_18930225_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
Band and Pianists.

PIANOS on Hinß and on llntn-puscultsll"_

pADEREWSKI says: "Play only on a° wherever obt,iflable.

The remainder of t'e ti lish Models at Great Iteoc"

Era

pADEREWSKI says: "Play only on au • wherever obtahrible. S. and P. BRAM/. tirS' MAKERS to the QIIEHN and ROYAL 1,./0-„, 18, GREAT MARLBOROIJGR-ST.„ REGENI"

o's THE EMPIRE rA c

NOTED TEAS / " / AT 2/-, 2/4 2'6 / 9 WE GIVE ONE CHEQUE, Oil VALES WITH EACH QUARTER-POUND TEA- ried Purchasers or Cheque Holders have a costly andv:e Stock of useful and ornamental Articles to ChOy from. >4 Sheets, Tablecle the, Towels, 8;r• P 4, - Kitchen and Parlour Rugs. 0 •"' C E. 4 Door mats all sorts. G' 0 Z Floor and Table Oilcloths. H I ronwtre in great variety. L 4 0 0 Basket', Brushes, Ac., Cutler 3 all sorts, c'D r 4 04 4; 0 China, and Earthenware. C 0 ' Toilet Sets, Trinket Sete, Lamps large assortment, Glassware all sorts Vases and other ornaments in great varietY. Culinary articlas too varied tv enuiner6te. far THE EMP:RE TEA COMFA.• , .GTOi" 16, HOESEMARIET-STREET, WARR' Z 4 - _ EPP S' S g COCOA BOILING WATER 0 A ALLSOPP SON'S MILD AND BrITI4II I—'4o TOl/ And D'AROY SOIVI OELNBBATED DUBLIN' S In 9, 18, and3B Gallon Casks, or Bottles. AGENT

_ GRATNFIII'

No' n poNti"--T

RRRARTAST OR 81.10414

PlitEß LETGIN, tIeRSBMARICIT STRIORT. WABRINGTUL

AI

•te3 0 • rn t 4 o'

r, N.

,ros 5111)

d )Ul'

===== 0002601_18930225_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
BOY DELL BROS., THE LEADING TAILORS. Are now slioning a splendid selection of West of England and Scotch Tweeds, Overco,:tings, &c., suitable for Autumn

===== 0002601_18930225_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
aiidWiliL-rSeaSoflß.

50s. { 13USINESS SUITS. } 511 Svs. UITS for the I.IVIOORS. An }landless Variety of TROUSESINGS 130., 16s. 6d., Ac., &c. Special attention given to Evening Dress. Perfect Fit Guaranteed. E.B. respectfully invite inspection. 37, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. Also at 7iLLSOIIESTFII. LIVERPOOL. and ST HELENS.

THE EXAMINER,

SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 25, 1893.

THE old watchword" all is well" The Political Situation. may be used with much appropri- ateness when speaking of the 151'esent position, and so far as can be foreseen, of the future prospects of the Government. The PUblication of the full text of the Home Rule Bill has strengthened and extended the favourable °Pinions which were formed of the scheme as ex- Pounded by Mr. GLADSTONE. Of this we may now oe eertain,the Ministry will not be embarrassed by 4issensions amongst their own followers. It is Possible that Mr. GLADSTONE may, in deference to friendly counsel and advice, see fit to modify some of the details ef his great measure, but upon all Points that are vital to the Bill and to the contin- nenee of the the Government in power, he will be able to rely upon the hearty and unanimous eunport of his followers. In the constituencies teo, the Government are faring vastly better than (lid their predecessors in office. The winning of three seats, within a week in districts so different in character and so far apart as Walsall, Ponte- 4act and Hexham, are achievements with which they may well be satisfied, and which will most undoubtedly strengthen their hands in dealing 1 with the obstructions of tm exasperated and baffled °PPosition. The Home Rule Bill having been read a first time, the Government are utilising the interval,which will elapse before the debate on the second reading begins, to push forward some of the reforms that are included in the New- eas_ tle programme. On Monday night, Mr. 11.0vaER, the president of the Local Gov- ernment Board, 'introduced the Registra- !ion Bill in a speech. which was, in I,tB waY, a model of lucid exposition; and Mr. -4-sqtarn on the same evening laid before Parlia- Ment his Employers Liability Bill. The object of

the Government scheme of registration is to make it easy for a person entitled to vote to be put in Possession of the franchise, and therefore, of course, to sweep away the vexatious restrictions and technicalities which now exist, and which, it would almost seem, had been purposely devised to disfranchise as many people as possible. When Mr. FOWLER'S Bill becomes lavy no person will be disqualified from voting because his rates have not 'Wen paid. The duty of seeing that rates are paid will be left to the proper authorities--the rate collectors. Another very necessary reform which the Bill proposes to effect is that of shortening the qualifying period from twelve months to three months. As an argument in favour of this change Mr. FOWLER instanced the deprival of the rights of citizenship which Wesleyan ministers often suffer from, owing to the law as it now is. These ministers usually change their circuit once in three years, and their time for moving is the month of September. If a minister had acquired a fresh qualification in September, 1890, lie would not be able to vote at the General Election in 1892. In July, 1891, he could not have sent in a cla;m. The next year he could do so, but as a matter of fact, he would not be entitled to vote till January, 1893. The law, therefore, which nominally recognises twelve months as the qualify- ing period, really makes eighteen months the minimum, and twenty-seven months the maxi- mum. This will be changed in the future. Another essential part of Mr. FOWLER'S scheme is the pro- posal to place the responsibility of seeing that all who are duly qualified are on the lists,upon officials appointed for the purpose and paid by the County Councils and the Town Councils. In addition to this, the Parliamentary register is to come into force earlier than heretofore, that is to say, on the Ist of November, which is the date at which the municipal register comes into operation. The Employers Liability Bill,of which the Home Secre- tary has charge, is also a very useful Bill, and will further extend the rights of workingmen. Its main objects, as explain° d by Mr.AsouiTu,are the abolition of the doctrine of common employment, to prevent the liability of employers being des- troyed by contract, and to simplify and cheapen the mode of recovering damages.

The Price MR. MUNDELLA and Mr. HOWARD of VINCENT, M.P., have waged an Bread. epistolary battle over the price of the four-pound loaf. The encounter has been a brief one and it has ended entirely in Mr. MUN- DELLA'S favour. Mr. HOWARD VINCENT, as every one knows, is one of the victims of the Protection- ist craze, and. he is extremely anxious to make it appear that bread is dear in England, that it is, at all events, dearer in England than in Protec- tionist countries. One of the strange and absurd delusions which the advocates of Protection are anxious to foster is, that because wheat and flour are untaxed and cheap,therefore bread is dear. Mr. HOWARD VINCENT alleges that the French artisan or peasant, buys his bread for a less prico than does the British workingman, but in order to give some plausibility to this contention he boldly as- serts that the four-pound loaf is sold in England at the present time at sevenpence halfpenny. Now, when a Protectionist makes an assertion which is capable of proof or disproof he is almost sure to be found out, and, as the saying is, "hoist with his own petard." It is so in this case, for Mr. MUNDELLA at once informs Mr. HOWARD VINCENT that except in the aristocratic locality of Gros- venor-square and similar fashionable quarters, where fancy bread is used, no such price as seven- pence halfpenny is paid for the four-pound loaf. From inquiries made he has ascertained that in the North of Ireland and the North of England the price is from four-pence half-penny to five- pence half-penny; in Staffordshire a penny a pound, and in different parts of London about five-pence half-penny the loaf. In some cases the quotations are less than any of the prices named, whilst bread of even the very finest quality is not charged at m ore than sixpence half-penny the four-pound loaf. From personal inquiries in France Mr. MUNDELLA ascertained that bread there was dearer than in England, and, as for quality, it had about it a colour and texture which would be "objected to by our English workmen and even by the residents in our union workhouses." Then, as to Italy, another Protec- tionist country, a Foreign Office report showed that in December last the prices of the four-pound loaf ranged from sevenpence in Milan to ninepence half-penny in Rome. "You will thus perceive," says Mr. MUNDELLA in a sentence which is well worth pondering," that in Protectionist countries the price of bread is from twenty-five to fifty per cent dearer than it is in this country."

What Mr, ASQUITH aptly

Welsh Disestablishment. described as the first step towards the disestablishment and disendowment of the Welsh Church was taken in the House of Commons on Thursday night. This was the introduction and the first reading, by a majority of fifty-six, of the Welsh Suspensory Bill. It is true that this Bill itself, when made into law,will neither disestablish nor disendow the Welsh Church. It is simply a preliminary to dis- establishment and disendowraent, and it is a I measure similar in its provision to one that was passed before the Irish Church was dealt with. It has about it none of the laboured verbosity and tortuous phraseology which are often associated with Acts of Parliament, for it consists of one single clause providing that in all appointments made after the passing of the Bill the emoluments of the office shall be held by the new incumbent subject to Che pleasure of Parliament. The effect of this will be to prevent new claims being estab- lished for compensation when the final measure of disestablishment is enacted. The speech in which Mr. ASQUITH introduced and explained the Bill will very materially enhance his Parliamentary reputation. It has been described as a " model of Ministerial brevity" for it scarcely exceeded half an hour. He certainly amply justi- fied the policy of the Government with regard to Welsh disestablishment. He was sarcastically effective in dealing with the " belated controver- • sialists " who have no arguments, but who make up for the dearth of them by the loudness of their , outcries about what they are pleased to call " plunder" and " sacrilege." As long as the Irish Disestablishment Act stood unropealed, Mr. Asourrn contended, amidst the approving ap- plause of the Ministerialists, that such epithets as these should be relegated to some musaum of poli- tical antiquities. That the Welsh themselves demand Disestablishment, is amply proved by the fact that, out of thirty-four members returned at the General Election, thirty-one were pledged to it. The average majority of these thirty-one members was no less than two thousand, while, of the three members who are opposed to Disestab- lishment, the majority of one was only ninety- eight, and that of the other, one hundred and

===== 0002601_18930225_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.,

THE RUNCORN STABBING CASE. At Runcorn Police Court on Wednesday, the boy Fisher was again remanded on a charge of stabbing another boy named Arthur Royle. It will be several weeks before the injured boy can appear in court. RoninNo A RUNCORN CHEMICAL WORKS. Sometime during Friday night the offices of Messrs. Wigg Bros. and Steele's works, Runcorn, were broken in- to, and about £3 in cash and ss. in stamps, was ab- stracted from a drawer. The police are investigating the affair.

- ST. JOHN'S BAND OF HOPE RUNCORN. A meeting in connection with this society was held in St. John's Schoolmom, on Wednes.ay evening. There was a goed attendance. The chair was occupied by Mr. T. Charleston. An interesting programme was gone through. If you want a lucky werlding ring go to 51, Hintr-sv.,wheris you will get a present with it.—Adst. MILL BROW BAND OP HOPE RUNCORN. Under the auspices of this society, the service of song entitled " Buttercups and daisies " was rendered in Mill Brow Wesleyan school, on Sunday evening to a large audience. Mr. R. Yates was the conductor and Mr. Johnson the organist. The narrative was read by the Rev. J. Hanby. STARVATION AND ROBBERY AT WIDNES. Henry flelsby, a man of weak mind. Longsdale-road, was brought up at Widnes Petty Sessions. on Thursday charged with stealing several articles from clothes lines at Simms Cross,the property of Martin Weir and others. —The prisoner pleaded starvation in extenuation of his offence and he was fined 10s. JOSEPH PRITCHARD'S sale shop is 51,Hign-st., nil workshop 4, Bridge-Bt.—Advt. PRESENTATION TO A RUNCORN FOOTBALLER. After the match with Bradford on Saturday, Mr. J. E. Longshaw, secretary, on behalf of the workingmen sup- porters of the club, presented Mr. E. J. Morris, the right wing three-quarter, with a beautiful club cap, made of dark blue velvet, with silver braid trimming and tassil, the club monogram and date being very prettily worked in front. Mr. Morris resides at Chester and trains down weekly to assist the team.

ELECTION OF BOROUGH AUDITOBS AT WIDNES. On Tuesday nominations were received at Widnes Town Hall tor the position of boromzli auditors. The only papers handed in were on behalf of Mr. Francis Henry Pankhurst, tailor, Victoria-road, and Elizabeth Terrace, and Richard Whiteside, auctioneer and valuer, 84., Derby-road. As only two auditors are required, the Mayor will declare these gentlemen duly elected on the Ist March. The salaries have not yet been fixed by the Council. •

Both PRITCHARD'S Shops are under personal supervision And customers may rely upon receiving every attention.—Advt.

DEATH OF A RUNCORN TRADESMAN.

On Thursday afternoon there was interred in the family grave at Warburton Church, the mortal remains of Mr. Wrn. Broadhurst, grocer of High-st., Runcorn, who died after a brief illness on Sunday afternoon last. The deceased gentleman who had attained the age of 63 years, had been engaged in business in the town for more than 20 years. Although not a " public man "he was widely known and respected, and much sympathy was expressed for the widow and four children in their great sorrow. How THE Poort RATE IS MADE UP. On Thursday at the Widnes Petty Sessions, Patrick Doyle, Lugsdale-road, was charged with deserting his wife, who had been chargeable to the common fund of the Preseot Union, since 10th Sept., 1891. The cost to the Guardians had been £l2 4s.—The defendant said he could not live with his wife on account of her intemper- ate habits. If he took a house he would not live long, brcause of the glasses and jugs that would be thrown at him. He was willing to keep his wife in the Workhouse, hut he would not take a house. He was sent to gaol for 14 days' bard labour. If you wantyour watch repaired by skilful workmen. take it to PRITCHARD'S.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPERTY SALE AT RUNCORN.

--- Mr. Thomas Clegg, auctioneer, on Monday evening at Wilson's Hotel, offered for sale a plot of land situated in Heath-road, containing 6,703 square yards with six cottages thereon. The only bid received was £5OO and and the lot was withdrawn. Subsequently the land was disposed of privately to Messrs. Farrell and Son. The price was £l,OOO. The dwelling houses Nos. 58 and 60, Ashbirdge-St., Runcorn, in the occupation of Messrs. Thos. Deakin and John Bostock, subject to a yearly ground rent of £2 6s. were offered in onelot. Mr. Ralph, Gibson, greengrocer, became the purchaFer at £307 10s. The solicitors in the matter were Messrs. Linaker and Linaker.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
Two MONTIIS_ FOR NOT SUPPORTING A WIFE,

On Wednesday at Runcorn Police Court before Air. 11. Reynolds and Mr. G. L. Davies a labourer named Edward James Waterson, of Mersey-road Widnes, was brought up on a warrant charged with non-compliance with a maintenance order made by the magistrates for the sup- port of his wife and two children. Although it is twelve months since the order was made, the prisoner had not , made one contribution, and he had served two terms of imprisonment in consequence. The prisoner pleaded that he could not do any work because of an injury he received three years ago, but the Bench declined to accept this explanation, and he was sentenced to two months hard labour. JOSEPH PRITCHARD is prepared to wind and keep in repair. private clocks from 10s. per annum.—Advt. SEPARATION BEFORE 11011 TE AND RELATION'S. Before Mr. J. Brock and Mr. J. Stone, at Widnes Petty Sessions on Thursday, James Duxbury, of Padiham, was summoned by his wife for £1 55., arrears of a mainten- ance order made on the twelfth of January last.—The complainant stated that her husband had only paid the costs of the order.—ln reply to Mr. F. J. Poole' who appeared for the defendant, the complainant said she knew that her husband was working for Colonel Starkie at Padiham, and had a house rent free. and he had offered her a home there. She refused to do se because she could not live with his relations, but she had written to him to say that she might live with him again if be came to reside in Widnes.—The defendant said he would rather have a distress warrant issued than go to gaol, and the warrant was issued. The Bench Wormed the defendant that if lie had not sufficient goods to satisfy the warrant he would have to go to gaol for 21 days. JOSEPH PRITCHARD has the hest stock of ladies' silver and gold watches In the town.—Advt.

ASSAULTS ON THE POLICE AT WIDNES. At Widnes Petty Sessions, on Thursday, before Mr. J. Brock and Mr. J. Stone, Patrick Dolan, Wellington-st., was charged with being drunk and also with having as- saulted and resisted P.C. Bamforth. The prisoner was behaving in a disorderly manner in Waterloo-road, and pushed two women off the parapet. The officer warned him, whereupon he struck the officer a violent blow on the mouth, and kicked him several times on the legs. The prisoner was fined ss. and costs in each case, or in default 14 days' imprisonment.—Thomas Tvson,of Li ver- pool,was charged with being drunk and assaulting P.C.'s Johnson and Dickinson. According to the evidence tha prisoner was drunk and acting like a madman,and when taken into custody he kicked both officers severely.—He was fined 2s. 6d. and costs in each case or 21 days in default.—For a similar offence Joseph Hill, of Rainhill, was fined in a total of 12s. 6d. and costs, or 21 days. He was drunk in Warrington-rd.,on Sunday night,and when P.C.'s Palmer and Hargreaves took him into custody,

he kicked and butted them.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX \ MINER. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25 1893.

Dou OWNERS AND THEIR- LICENSES.

SMALLPDX AT Wins. There are now two caws of this disease in Widnes Hospital.

POLICE CHANGIi AT Rum:OPN. P.C. Proctor, of Runcorn, has been. transferred to Church Coppemhall near Crewe.

SMALLPDX IN RUNCORN. The disease in Runcorn. we understand is not making much headway, but several fresh cases have been noti- fied during the past ten days. HONOUR FOR A RUNCORN FOOTBALLER. The selection of J. 11. Crompton, of Runcorn and Cheshire County, to play for the Rest of England against Yorkshire has given great satisfaction. Crompton is playing in grand form at the present time. RUNCORN CONSERVATIVES AND THE STOCKPORT ELECTION. The success of Alderman George Whiteley at Stockport has given ereat satisfaction to the Conservatives of Runcorn and on Thursday Mr. J. W. Lightburn telegraphed their Congratulations to the newly elected M.P. •

Go ICI PRITCHARD'S for the best five guinea watch a work- ingman can have.—Advt. WIDNES LIBERAL CLUB. On Wednesday a smoking concert was held under the presidency of Mr. Stuart Deacon, and a large number of members passed a pleasant evening. Songs were given by Messrs. J. Morrison, J. R. Lea, Fox, A. Evans and C. Bridgestock. Mr. J. J. F. Alasley was at the piano- forte.

RTJNCORN FREE LIBRARY LECTURE. The fourth of the series of lectures arranged by Run- corn Free Public Library Committee, will be delivered in Bethesda Lecture Hall on Tueetdav next. Mr. C. A. Timmins is the lecturer, and the subject will b 3 " The Manchester Ship Canal," illustrated by 180 lantern slides from photographs taken by the lecturer. RUNCORN TONIC SOL-Fa CHOIR CONCERT. The second concert , of the season, organised by the Runcorn Tonic Sol-fa Choir, will he livid in Runcorn Public Hall, on Monday evening next. The principals engaged are Madam Madge Morgan, Madame Maude Yates, Mr. Seymour Jackson, and Mr. V. L. Needham, piantist. The programme to be presented is of a mis- cellaneous character, and those who take advantage of the opportunity, may be assured of a music al treat. JOSEPH PRITCHARD, Watehmalter and Jeweller, 51, High- st., and 4. Bridge at., Ituneorn.—Ada. . RUNCORN RATEPAYERS ASSOCIATION. An association with the above title was formed on Wednesday tvening, when a number of ratepayers and property owners held a meeting in Bethesda Lecture Hall. Mr. B. Kniveton was unanimously elected chair- man of the Association, subject to his acceptance, and Mr. Oeorge Burrows, Waterloo-road, lion. treasurer, with Mr. J. E. Langshaw hon. secretary pro-ten). A further meeting is to be held on Thursday evening next in the same building, when the question of the esti- mates for street making and oth:r matters will be dis- cussed, and important resolutions brought forward. An advertisement appears in another column. WIDNES WESLEYAN INSTITUTE. In aid of the gymnasium connected with this institute a successful concert was held.on Monday night in Lacey- st. School. A capital programme was gone through by Mrs. Ainsley, Mrs. Lonsdale, Miss Eva Poole' and Miss White, Messrs. Ainsley, F. Lonsdale, T. Sydney, F. Walker, Smith, and Master Stanley. Ccuncillor F. A. Bullough presided, and in the course of a speech ex- pressed his approval of providing recreation for young men in connection with their Sunday schools, and allud- ing, to the gymnasium said it was much better for young men to tumble over a horizontal bar than over a public- house bar. (Applause.) Jose:PH PRITCHARD keeps spectacles to suit all sights from a shilling a pair.—Advt.

- RUNCORN LIIIRRAL CLUB. The second of a series of social evenings was held on Wednesday night, under the presidency of Mr. A. R. Norman. Refreshments and cigars were provided by Messrs. J. Bate and T. Lea, and so bsequently a miscell- aneous programme was gone through. Songs, recita- tions, &c., were given by Messrs. R. Morris, W. H. Hall, J. Leathwooci, W. Wright, H. Wright, J. Husker, J. Moss, W. B. Jones, J. Parker, F. Lewis, A. Howard, R. Moore, and others. There was a large attendance of members who had a most enjoyable time. Proceed- ings were continued until midnight wa'ting for the re- sult of the Stockport contest. Mr. C. Le Couteur pre- sided at the piano, which had been kindly lent by Mr. Temperley, of Lowlands-road.

SUCCESS OF A RUNCORN FIRM. We are informed that Messrs. Timmins, of Runcorn have received instructions from the Gainsborough Local Beard, Lincolnshire, to deepen their waterworks artesian well. The firm executed this work some years ago. The well commenced 24 inches diameter and terminated 10i inches diameter at 1,202 feet from SUIafpRCH. It is now intended to deepen it several hundred feet, with the object of increasing the yield of water from 18,000 gal- lons to 26,000 gallons per hour. The to of Gains- borough was formerly supplied from the river Trent, and there was a great outcry about the waste of money in boring for water. This prejudice has been entirely overcome, and the inhabitants now prefer the under- ground water. Messrs. Timmins have also important :water contracts in hand for the Dukes of Westminster and Portland : thee have also been consulted by the :Preston Rural Sanitary authority, and have reported on the supply of water to their rural district of 80/118 30 ' sqw,re mile. When in want of a chaste and elegant wedding or birthday present go to PRITCHARD'S, 51, Hig h-st,—Adet. PARISH CHURCH MISSION ROOM, HALTON-ROAD.

, The annnst distribution of of prizes to the children of I the Mission Hoop,. Sunday Sch,ol took place on Sun- day afternoon. The prizes were presented by Mrs. Wray, who, in a short addresss expressed the great pleasure she felt in seeing such a well-attended and well- I behaved school. She congratulated the children on ' their beautiful singing, and hoped they would always follow out in their lives the good lessons taught them. Mrs. Wray also made mention of the new Mission ' Church it is contemplated erecting on a site near the present little, room, the pressing need for which has for some time been generally felt. She hoped that the next similar meeting would be in the new building. The prizes-were then distributed, a rather unusual feature being that each child got if not a prize, some small pre- sent, and many were the fall and delighted hearts among that little congregation, of mostly poor chil- dren, -

PRITCHARD'S have now stood the teat for 50 years, and quality and tint-class work manship are still guaranteed.—Adet. ALLEGED STABBING BY A WOMAN AT WIDNES.

On Monday, at Widnes Police Court, before Mr. H. Wade Deacon, a woman named Elizabeth Bushell, Edmund-street, was charged with wounding Edmund Macdermott. The evidence showed that on Saturday afternoon the prisoner and Macdermott were drinking together in one of the upper rooms of prosecutor's house Macdermott returned home about six o'clock in the evening, and prisoner asked him to drink with them. He did so, and subsequently Bushell asked him to pay for a pint of beer, but lie refused, saying he had no money. Prisoner then became most violent, picked up a bottle containg hot water, threw it at him, and then took a knife of the table and stabbed Macdermott on the head with it, inflicting a dangerous wound, which penetrated to the inner t'bone of the skull. Dr. Allen, who attended the injured man, said it would be some titne before he would be able to appear in court, and prisonor was remanded until Monday next. JOSEPH PRITCHARD. Watchmaker and Jeweller, 51, High- et.. and 4. Bridge-st., Runcorn.—Advt. How TO REACH TIM MASSES. For the elucidation of this question a public meeting in connection with the combined parishes of Farnworth Widnes, and St. Ambrose, was held in St. Paul's Paro- chial Room on Thursday night. The proceedings were under the auspices of the Church Pastoral Aid Society. There was a fair attendance. The chair was occupied by Mr. T. S. Timmis, J.P., who in his opening address said the Church had many noble objects in view but none more important than to bring the true religion home to the masses of the country. The members who attended Church were not what they ought to be, but in Widnes Church matters were looking up. Twenty-seven years ago when he first came to Widnes, there was only one small Church and no organization, now they had four churches with energetic ministers, all pulling together, aided by able c urates. He had taken a great interest in Church work and would continue to do so. The Rev. W. Cain delivered an address and said the masses who were living in sin were tobe reached by the Gospel, and he advocated the claims of the Church Pastoral Aid Society for their support in consequence of the work it was accomplishing in this direction. The Rev. I. T. Madden, Rev. G. H. Garrett, J. Wright Wil- liams and bthers addressed the meeting, dwelling upon the saving powers of the scriptures properly brought home to the people. DITTON WESLEYAN CHAPEL.

In aid of Stewards -lane Wesleyan Chapel, Ditton, a bazaar was held in Lacey-st. schoolroom, Widnes, on Thursday afternoon. The room had beim appropriately and brightly decorated, and the stalls, which were four in number, were laden with a great variety of articles. The stalls were in charge of (No. 1) Mrs. liorabin,Misses Sadler, M. Hunt, I. Kelsall, A. Boyle, and A. Hughes ; (No. 2), Mrs. H. M. Neild, Misses Neild, Ada Hughes, Warham, and E. Warham ; (Sunday School stall), Mrs. Hewitt, Misses Kelsall, Royle, Hughes, Dutton, and Clarke ; (refreshment stall), Mesdames S. Sadler, J. Stead, J. S. Sinclair, W. Brown, J. Hargreaves, T.Royle, I. Hunt, J. Hunt, Johtron, Maddox, Misses Ranft, and E. Hunt. There was a good attendance at the opening ceremony. After devotional exercises, Mr. Herbert Neil made a statement showing that the chapel, which was of iron, had cost £3lO twelve months ago,and there was now a debt of £215, which it was hoped they would materially reduce. Alderman Timmis then performed the opening ceremony,in a brief and appropriate speech. On the motion of Councillor Davies, seconded by Alder- man Sadler, he was cordially thanked for his presence , and support. In the course of the evening a variety of entertainments were provided and largely patronised. The amount realized was £35 12s. 10d. The bazaar was continued yesterday. Proceedings should have been opened by Mr. Benjamin Brown,but be was unable to do so because of illness.

At Runcorn Petry Sessions, on Monday, the following labourers from the Ship Canal huts at Big Field, were each summoned for keeping a dog without a license : Robert Andrews, Wm. Teadx. Win, Leadhetter, Elwin Kirk, Edward Holloway, Philip Philips, Wm. Goodwin, Richard Barton, James Harries, and Ishmael Paul. For a similar offence, Thomas Davies, putilican, Mersoy-st., George Smith, Water-st , David Makin, King-st., John Jones, Cooper-st., James Howe, Cooper-st., Win. John- son, Regent.st., beer retailer, had also been summoned. Eleven of the offences were alleged to have been com- mitted on the 31st January and Mr. C. Reynolds the chairman )said there was always a month's grace allowed by the excise. He never took out his licenses until the 31st January.—Mr. G. L. Davies concurred, and the whole of the cases referred to were dismissed. The re- mainder in which the licenses had not been taken out until Feb. Ist. and 4th, were ordered to pay the costs 4s. 6d.—Michael Costello, Bridge-st., Thomas Davies, Mersey-at., and George Cox, White-st., were each fined Is. and costs Bs. 6.1. for allowing their dogs to be at large unmuzzled.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
TITINGS HEARD AND SEEN AT

RUNCORN

BY AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDRNT.

Within the last few days great complaints hay.e been made of the Water Works Company increasing their charges. The rate, I understand, is now charged on the rental instead of the rateable value, and this alteration is made under the autlh,rity of the following clause of the Water Works Act—" The Company shall at the request of the owner or occu- pier of any private dwelling •house, or part of a private dwelling house, in any street in which any pipe of the Company shall be laid, or on the application of any person. who, under the pro- visions of this Act, oi any Act incorporated here- with, shall be entitled to demand a supply of water for domestic purposes furnished to such owner or occupier or other person, a sufficient supply of water for domestic uses, at rates not exceeding the yearly rates herein specified according to the an- nual rack rent or value of such dwelling house or part of a dwelling house; (that is to say) : Where the annual rock rent or value of the premises so supplied with water shall not exceed £2O at the rate per centum per annum not exceeding six pounds; not exceeding £4O, 5i per cent. per annum ; not exceeding £BO, five per cent. per annum ; and exceeding £BO, 41 per cent., per annum. For water closets, the charges are limited to 3s. per year for . one water closet in a dwelling house of a yearly value not exceeding £2O ; 4s. per year for one in a house not exceeding £4o,an I ss. per year for one in a house exceeding £4O. For every bath, the Company are entitled to charge the sum of 10s. per annum. Provided always Oat the Company shall not be obliged to furnish any supply of water for any less sum than 2d. per week."— Here is a local subject, the newly formed Liberal Association or the Rate- payers Association may appropriately take up, and do the ratepayers a service by testing the legality I of the increased charge for water.

The Runcorn Rural Sanitary Authority have dealt with the smallpox outbreak with commen4l- - determination and promptitude, but the ex- pense is likely to become very heavy in so scattered IL district as the Autli ority rule. To so rigid an economist as Mr. James Parr,t his expenditure must be harrowing to his soul, and he hit upon a novel idea on Tuesday for lessening the burden on the ratepayers. He desired a "nice letter" to be sent to Lord Egerton,appealing fortinancial help in their difficulty, but the majority of the members would not take the matter seriously, and it was hinted to Mr. Parr that as he was well endowed with this , world's goods, and had sold a nice slice of land to the Ship Canal Co., he might come forward with a ' generous contribution himself, and so help his less fortunate brethren. This view of the case did not commend itself to Mr. Parr, and eventually his mo- tion was practically " laughed out."

If the Runcorn Water Bill does nothing else, it has done one good thing in creating great, interest amongst the ratepayers wit It regard to the doinszs of the Board of Commissioners. With a Liberal. Association and a Ratepayers Association keeping a critical eye on local affairs, with a view to action our local rulers may look out for squalls if they chance to run counter to the wishes of the members of these two bodies. Former ratepayers associa- tions have been weak and short lived organizations but perhaps the present one may be of sturdier build and have a longer and more vigorous existence

The Liberal Association performed one excellent duty at its first meeting on Wednesday night in requesting Mr.Brunner, M.P., to move that Boards of Commissir,ners shall be included in the Local Authorities (Voting and Qualification) Bill. This Bill practically confers one man one vote, and the ballot upon Local Boards and Boards of Guardians, and those who have any experience with the elec- tion of Runcorn Commissioners will agree with Mr. Speakman that the present system is a disgraceful one, and ought to be altered.

Runcorn Board uf Guardians has passed a resoln- tion in favour of taxing bicycles and tricycles. It the members had read the Chancellor of the Exche- quer's letter on that subject they would have known how futile is such a resolution.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN, HALTON, AND WESTON

WATERWORKS.

The statement of accounts to be submitted at the half-yearly meeting of shareholders, to be held on Monday afternoon, has been issued. The directors state that the revenue shows a balance of £731 17s. including £247 14s. 11d, brought from the previous half-year, out of which they recommend a dividend to be declared at the rate of 41 per cent., on the Ist of April. This will absorb £712 10s., leaving a balance of £l9 75. to be carried forward. The capital account stands: 3,000 i•bares. £30,000; preference stook, £20,000 : depreciation I unri, £1,000; deben- ture stock,£2,4oo ; t0ta1,X53,400. Gross expenditure, £53,235 19s. 41. ; extension of main in Hope-street, £2 17s. Bd.; balance, £l6l 35.: total, £53,400. The general statement shows the assets to be : Cash in hand, £27 13. 61. ; accounts owing for water by meter, fittings and water rates, £650 164. 7d. ; stock of goods in workshop and meters on hire, £280; stock at pump- ing station, £6B 14s. 10d. ; extra buckets, valvrs, pines and fittings, £l4O ; coal, £lO ; total, £1,177 4s. 11d. The liabilities are : Balance due to capital account, £l6l 3s. ; ditto, revenue nccouut, £731. 17s. ; owing for coal and to tradesmen, £3l 12s. 2d ; owing to Pares Banking Co., £lO7 us. 61. ; suspense account, £lO5 12s. 6d. ; cheques running, £39 Bs. 91., total, £1,177 45.11 d.

RUNCORN BOARD OF GUATtDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, Mr. J. Mclntyre, was the chairman. In addition to the members present at the meeting of the Rural Sanitary Authority there were in attendance the Rev. Dr. Gesteldi, Messrs. Samuel ' Taylor, T. Lea and A. R. Norman, Mr. J. Ashton (clerk), and Mr. G. Ashton (aeputy clerk). LAND AND ITS TAXATION. A letter from the Sleaford Union was read asking for the Board's approval and support of the following reso- lution :—That the present depressed condition of agri- culture calls for immediate relief of the land from the existirr, unjust method of collecting the poor rate on the Union Parochial Assessment and this Board of Guardians recognising the fact that the maintenance of the destitute poor should be a national and not a local charge, urges upon the Government the justice and necessity of so amending section 20 to 26 of the Local Goverument Act, 1688, as to substitute the repayment of three-fourths of the Union common charges, as audited by the Govern- ment auditor, instead of only the payment of the salaries of union officers as at present ordered by that Act, and that a copy of this resolution be forwarded to the Prime Minister, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the President of the Local Government Board, the Minister of Agricul- ture, the members of the division and to every Union in England and Wales.—The letter was laid on the table.

WIDNES SCHOOL BOARD.

DISCUSSION ON COTRACTS.

MUNIFICENT GIFTS TO WIDNES.

The monthly meeting of this Board was held on Tuesday afternoon in the Town Hall. There were present :—Mr. H. Wade Deacon, (in the chair),Revs. J. Clarke, Dean Finnegan, J. H. Garratt, Dr. O'Keeffe, and Messrs. S. Quinn, C. Flynn, C. E. Barlow, R. Shaw, D. Lewis, and G. H. Danby (clerk.)

GENERAL PURPOSES COMMITTEE. This Committee reported upon Mr. Timms' gift of £2,500 for the establishment of a grant to assist capable boys in obtaining a higher education, and recom- mended :—" (a) That the deed of trust establishing the Timmis Fund and the Timmis Grants be approved, and that the seal of the Board be affixed thereto, and that the chairman and vice-chairman be authorised to sign the same on behalf of the board ; (b) that, in accept- ing the gift, the Board begs to express its high appre- ciation of the generosity of Mr. T. Sutton Timmis, and its admiration for thepublic spirit he he has inavariably displayed."—Dr. O'Keeffr moved the adoption cf these recommendations, and, in doing so, paid a tribute to Mr. Timmis for the great interest he had always taken in i educational matters in the town.—The Chairman, n seconding the adoption of the minutes, said that after one or two alterations had been made in the draft deed submitted by Mr. Timmis, the committee had unanim- ouslvdecided to submit it to the Board for their approval. Mr.Tinunis had been the Chairman of that Board for some- thing like twelve years, and during that time he showed the greatest amount of interest in educational work in the district,and it was only iii keeping with his previous generosity that when he resigned the chairmanship of the Board he made some signal mark of benefit to ele- mentary education in the town.—Mr. D. Lewis sup- ported the motion, and the recommendations were passed.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TAXING OF CYCLES. -•- • -

A communicalrol was submitted from the Wirral Highway Board, with regard to the taxation and regul- ation of bicycles and tricycles used on public highways. The Board considered that the time had arrived when an effort should be made to compel all persons using the public highways on any kind of carriage to contri- bute towards their repair. They suggested that the Runcorn Board of Guardians should use their influence with the members of Parliament with a view to the matter being brought before the House of Commons.— On the motion of Mr. W. Whitlow, seconded by Mr. J. Weir,a resolution was passed in favour of taxing bicycles and tricycles and the Clerk was instructed to forward it to the member of Parliament for the Division.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN INFECTIOUS HOSPITAL.

An account-s-anOiiiitiiiit-o^iii4Z-13‘d:,-;as produced from the Board of Commissioners for expenses incurred in the burial of destitute persons who had died in the Infectious Diseases Hospital, and for the maintenance of destitute persons. The period of the account ex- tended from December 27th 1892, to February 16th 1893. —The account was referred to the Finance 'Committee, and it was suggested that a conference should be held between the two authorities with a view to arranging for paupers to he admitted into the rural and the urban hospitals free of cost.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
DISTRICT EDUCATION COMMITTEES.

The District Education Cominit-te7e—r-ep-o-r•ted —That during the the month of January, (three weeks), the number of cases summoned before the Committee were : —Applications for payment fees, 46 ; for contravention of Education Act, 248 ; total, 294 ; fees were recom- mended to be paid in 46 cases ; refused, 0 ; number of prosecutions before the magistrates, 28 ; number of convictions, 26. It was decided " that paras;raphs 202 and 202 s in the detailed statement of the powers and duties of the various committees of the board be deleted. and the following substituted :—"Po provide by grant:- ing applications for free places (or should occasion arise recommend the Board to provide) a sufficient ain,sunt of public school accommodation without pay. ment of fees for ehildren over three and under fifteen years of age for whom such accommodation is roquired, in accordance with section 5 of the Elementary Educa- tion Act, 1891.'" The recommendation was confirmed unanimously and without discussion, although the same question was the subject of an animated discussion two months ago. The Board decided, on the motion of Dean Finegan, to sign a petion in favour of Sir Richard Temple's bill to provide:superannuation to elementary school teachers by the State, which comes before Parlia- ment on the 24th inst. SITES AND BUILDING COMMITTEE. This Committee recommended "That all contractors, in carrying out contracts for this committee, shall pay the rate of wages and observe the hours of labour recog- nised and agreed upon between the trades unions and employers respectively in the district of Widnes, or such rate of wages and hours as are equivalent and approxi- mate thereto, and that contractors shall not transfer, assign, or underlet. directly or indirectly, any contract, or any part share or interest therein, without the written consent of the Widnes School Board, under the hand of the clerk."—Mr. Quinn moved the adop- tion of the minutes, and the Chairman seconded the re- comniendation.—Mr. Barlow was strongly opposed to the recommendation, because he thought it an unduo and unnecessary interference with other people's business.—Mr. Shaw said he was opposed to the recom- inendation,:.nd thought it was only a pandering to a fool- ish idea. He did not like that. He believed in justice,and he did not know one employer of labour in Widnes who had done work for that Board who ever attempted or had any desire to act unjustly to his workmen. There was not the slightet need for the recommendation, and he hoped that both the mover and seconder would be willing to withdraw it.—The Rev. Father Clarke said they had facts before them which showed that some of their contractors had employed unprofessional men at a lower rate of wages to do work.—Dean Finegan and Mr. C. Fiynn, whilst both agreeing with the first portion of the motion, said they could not support the latter por- tion. as they thought the board had no right to interfere in the subletting of contracts. If they (lid, they would have a very great difficulty in letting their contracts.— The Chairman, in reply, said the motion was a similar one to that passed by their own Corporation, and he had not heard any complaints about the way it worked. The London County Council, the London School Board, and other public bodies had also passed similar resolu- tions. After a protracted discussion, the recommenda- tion was confirmed by 6 votes to 2, two members ab- staining.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE COMMITTEE.

_ This committee reported the following accounts having been examined by their various committees, and they now recommend the game for payment in due course, viz. :—District Education Committee Salaries, £23 59. ; I). J. Brookes, uniform, £5 13s. ; T. S. Swale, printing. 109. School Management Committee—Sala- ries' £435 139. 21.; Widnes Corporation, fuel and gas, £l4 lie. ; R. Evans and Co., fuel, £6 Os. Td. ; Jones and Co., printing, £6 189. 6d. ; Liverpool Printing Co., printing, £2 lie. ; W. J. Lathan), advertising, £1 10s. ; I Struznell, advertising, 17s. Bd. Sites and Building Committee—Salaries, £l2 IN. ; W. Jones, repairs, £1 I 13s. lel. ; Lea and Son, repairs, £l3 ; J. B:Tch, repairs, £3 1O.; T. S. Swale, advertising, 59. Finance Com- mittee—£3l 13s. 41 ; T. S. Swale, printing, 17s. 6d, ; A. F. Mann, election expenses, £209 7s. lid ; Public Works Loan Board—Repayment and interest on loans, £127 17s. 6d. The separate items of the above pay- ment, amounting to £B9B N. 3d., appear in the Cheque ' Abstract Book, folios 184, 185, and 186. THR MAYOR'S MIINIFICIsNCE. .

At the conclusion of the ordinary business, the Chair- man moved " That the Board, having been informed of the foundation by the Mayor (Alderman F. a GAS. sage) of a scholarship for students from Widnes at Uni- versity College, Liverpool. begs to offer to him its hearty. thanks for his liberal and most ensouraging addi- tions to the educational endowments of the borough," and in doing so said that Mr. Gossage had given the same amount of money as Mr. Timmis (£2,500), and this would mean that £6O a year would be given in free scholarships for the University College. The deed had not yet been finally drawn up, hut he (Mr. Deacon) might say that the scholarships were intended for both ' girls and boys,and there would be an age limit—namely, seventeen years of age. It was a very handsome gift, i and he (the chairman) was sure that t would be appre- ciated. 'I hey owed Mr. Gossage a debt of gratitude for giving the money. (Hear, hear.)—The Rev. Dean Fine- gan seconded the motion, hut said he would like to make an addition with reference to the age limit. He thought that restricting boys above the age of seventeen years would be a hardship In a good many deserving cases, and he thought the Board should ask Mr. Gossage to make the age nineteen years, at any rate for the first year of the scholarships.—After considerable discussion with reference to the proposed addition to the mation, the chairman undertook to see that Mr. Gossage heard about the discussion on the age limit, and the motion was then put to the Board and carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSTIANE.

ALLEGRD MURDEROUS ASSAULT.—On Wednesday at the Frodsham Petty ,Sessions, a navvy, named George Davies, applied to the magistrates (Messrs. C. Reynolds and A. Thomas) for warrants against five men engaged on the Manchester Ship Canal Works, Frodsham Marsh. He stated that the persons in question came to his hut shortly after Monday midnight, and burst open the door. lie demanded an expla:ation of their conduct, vrhep they said they had come there for the purpose of killing him. They dragged him outside, took the watch and chain out of his pocket, and ill-treated him so seri- ously that his face and head-were badly wounded.—The warrants were granted.—On Thursday, at Frodsham Police Court, before Mr. A. Thomas, Henry Raines was charged with the offence mentioned in the warrant, namely, burglariously entering the house of George Davies, and committing a serious assault upon him. Parie.g repeated the statement made on the previous day. —lla les denied the offence, and stated that the corn- pa „mit must have received his injuries in a general light that took place.—He was remanded until the fol- lowing Wednesday on bail, in his own recognizance of, £2O, and two sureties of £l5 each. MUTUAL IMPROVIOLEN't CLASS.—On Wednesday even- ing a miscellaneous entertainment was given in the lecture room, by the ladies connected with this class, to a large audience, the programme being an excellent one. ALLE(IXD THEFT.—Jar.e Hemp° was charged at prod- sham Petty SeSsions on Wednesday, with stealing 3.05. in monev, and a quantity of wearing apparel, value £l, from Mary Roberts, Main-street, Frodsham, between November 20th, and 21st last. She was remanded for a week.

The Cotton Masters' Federation,at Manebester,yester- day, decided to insist upon the unconditional reduction of 5 per cent. in wages. TEA AND COUPONS.--.. Given away with a pound of tea," when the gift consists of a coupon, brings the the transaction within the scope 0 the Lottery Act. On Monday, at Cannock, a travelling auctioneer named , Pearson was deed £5 and costs in respect of three ' offences under that Act. On the 3rd inst. the defend- ant sold 50010. of tea at 2s. per lb., and each one pound packet contained a coupon entitling the purchaser to either a watch, clock, or some other article. The offences were admitted, but it was urged that the public were not defrauded, and it was stated that defen- dant's profit on the sale was only £1 is. 13d.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
5

SEEDS! SEEDS ! ! SEEDS !! !

P lERPO NT AND Co.

Have now received their Annual Consignments of FARM. GARDEN, and FLOWER SEEDS from he most noted ENG- LISH and Continental growers and c4ch Department will be found replete with the most profitable and popular Varieties. Illustrated catalogues of Garden and Fower Seeds. Post free on application, Descriptive Farm Seed Lists, also sent Yost Free. EVERY REQUISUE FOR THE FARMER, GARDENER,

_ AND FORESTEct. All Seeds, carriage paid by rail or post. A liberal discount allowed for cash.

SEED ESTABLISHMENT. 32, HORSRMARKRT-ST. WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND SEEN

AT WARRINGTON.

The IV arrington Tories are a " rum lot." By this I don't infer anything "spirituous " but certainly their sayings one day and their actions the next don't always exactly tally. A Radical musn't "look over a hedge," but a Tory may" steal a sheep "and its all right.

A few short weeks ago, the Tories were all "gibes and floutsand jeers" at the poverty stricken Radicals who only managed to raise .£l5O as a testimonial to a man of a hora Warrington was not worthy (Dr. Houston). They (the Tories) next tried their hands to raise a testimonial to Sir Gilbert Greenall and appealed especially to the "Conserva- tive workingman "for help. Now, sir, the Conser- vative workingman is either a diminishing quantity, or else he is very poor, or else he is very mean. All told, the Tory workingmen, the Tory shopkeepers, the Tory professional men and the Tory aristocracy in Warrington, have only raised .£l2O for the purpose in question. After all the parade of ward Committees—with a real Tory workingman on each —special workingmen canvas- sers and the like, the efforts of thP Tory mountain in labour have produced this wietchod little mouse.

Well, after all the Tory Councillors and others engaged upon the highly creditable mission of button-holing all and sundry in their universal touting for " coppers "for the " Baronet "of Wal- ton, had exhausted their efforts, they met together, totted all up,and finding the sum total so much be- low their expectations that they were ashamed to let it be known they decided to make a further appeal to to the" fobs' of the party to " make it out," When all was done that could be thought of, the Committee met again to decide what to buy, and where to buy it. Of course the " Equestrian Statue "idea of Alderman Francomb had long since vanished. I should think the worthy Alderman has regretted that silly notion many a time. The " Bust " notion was also impiacticable because the cash wouldn't run to it ; so ultimately a "Plate" for Sir Gilbert and a " Star "for Lady ultimately were fixed upon. Of course, £l2O is amply sufficient to purchame " Plate" and a " Star" of a quality in ac- cord with the surroundings of a millionaire and his lady!

When I heard what had been decided upon, lat once concluded that our old friend Mr. Alfred Woods was bound to get the order for the lot. lam not particularly an admirer of Mr. Alfred Woods in some things,hut I am bound to say that as a trades man he is capable and honourable and as a worke— in the Tory Cause he has been ardent and enthus i astic for very many years. Ile fought two very ho- municipal battles for his party, when everybody knew he was fighting a forlorn hope and when no other Tory could be got to tackle the job and in a large measure the ill-health from which I regret he has suffered so severely, and so long, is attributable to over-exertions in the cause of his party.

Well! Mr. Alfred Woods has ,wt got this large order, and strange to say, neither has any other Warrington tradesman obtained it. The Testimonial Committee have totally ignored the claims of Mr. Alfred Woods upon his party,have treated with con- tempt the notion that money collected in Warring- ton might reasonably be spent in Warrington, and have passed the order on direct to Messrs. Liking- ton, the celebrated silversmiths. Talk about a snub? This is a snub with a vengeance ! lam really and truly very sorry for Mr. Woods, and I did think after this exhibition of callous indiffe- rence to the interosts of Warrington tradesmen (with whom of late, owing to the health of the town, business has been far from • bright) on the part of the Testimonial Committee, the people who have subscribed the £l2O will not be particularly happy.

I hear that the various Rural Authorities, whose districts touch the Sankey Brook,together with the Warrington Corporation, are about to devise a scheme for preventing the further pollution of that flowing disgrace of chemical matter, miscellaneous filth, and obnoxious odours, which, for variety " knock " anything from a Billingsgate Market to a Longford Depot. It is desirable that these authori- ties should take this step, for if there is a more pitiable instance of the ruthless dsetruction of a once picturesque, clear, and prolific fishing stream, it is not in the neighbourhood of Warrington. At present the brook is a nuisance to residents in its proximity, whereas if its pollution were ended, it would prove a pretty and useful neighbour. While on this subject, I should like to Know when is the prevention of the pollution of the Mersey to take effect ? _

MERLIN.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN VOLUNTEER SHOOTING CLUB.

- - The annual meeting for the election of officers and other business in connection with the above club, took place on Wednesday evening, at Mr. A. Riley's café. An excellent dinner was served, and after the removal of the cloth Captain D. Ashton took the chair. He was supported by Captain H. Harrison. of I Company, Frodshatn ; Captain G. Ashton, and Lieu- tenant E. Speakman. Sergeant E. W. Woodland read a brief report, showing that in the friendly matches that had taken place during the past season, victory had on each occasion, crowned the efforts of the Runcorn team. The financial statement, was equally satisfactory, as it showed that the membership was increased by 13 entries and a balance of over £2 was left to be disposed of. A resolution approving of the report and balance sheet was carried, as was also a resolution that a portion of the balance be spent in connection with the annual dinner then being held. Major C. W. Hazlehurst was re-elect- ed president of the club, the Commissioned officers of Runcorn detachment, with Captain Harrison of 1 Com- pany, Quartermaster Elankinson, and /fir. A. Timmins, were elected vice-president. The some committee of non-commissioned officers and privates as last year ; and Sergeant J. A. Rushton and Sergeant J. W. Woodland were respectively re-elected treasurer and secretary. At the close of the business the meeting resolved itself into one of a harmonious character. The usual loyal and patriotic toasts were duly honoured. The enjoyment of the evening was considerably enhanced by the presenne of Mr. Lancaster (who presided at the pianoforte). Mr. Branch, Mr. J. Nickson, and Mr. Bushell, who cpntri- bated a selection of music.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOCKING DEATH FROM EXPOSURE AT RUNCORN.

Yesterday. Mr. J. E. Worsley. coroner, held an in- quest at the Cemetery Offices, Runcorn, on the body of Mary Berry, a vagrant character, who was found in a dying condition in Moughland-lane, Higher Runcorn, on Thursday morning, and died a few minutes later.— James Worrell, said he lived on Runcorn Common, and was cowman to Mr. Pea- cock. On Thursday morning at ten minutes to six o'clook he found the deceased lying on her back under the bridge in Moughland-lane. Her cheat was bare, and her clothes were all disarranged. He got hold,of her and shouted but she gave no answer. A short distance along the road, he met P.C. Ben- field and he told the officer.—P.C. Bentield deposed that he found the woman as described. There was not the slightest evidence of a struggle haring taken place. She was quite unconscious. With the assistance of Worrall he carried her to Mr. Ackerley's farm, and administered a cup of hot tea, and placed hot water bottles to her feet. He also tried artificial respir- ation. She never regained consciousness, and died in ten minutes. There was no marks of violence on the body. Rethought the woman had died from exposure. —Supt. Atherton said he saw the deceased twice on Wednesday. She was drunk. Ele had made inquiries and found that she discharged herself from the Work- house on Wednesday morning. Slie was a woman of of foul Play .he drunken habits, and had been lockedoupemworoemtalinan once e actortohneeproslaicei d sitfathti rre. was She any n4ts pa cl oron- watoiollnldsadjourn teh et niandt inquiry etivnet4 jurymen mmeonrtestani de xi ta tn.; na-s the woman a habit to sleep outside in that manner, alai they deemed an adjournment unnecessary,—.& verdict. of death from Meanie was returned.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
DO YOU ENJOY PERFECT HEALTH?

IF NOT WHY NOT?

Many persons suffer from ill-health and, it may be, are %Meted for y,ars, simpiy bemuse they have transgressed the LAWS OF ICLTURE.

The simplest ,naneer for ma , to secure immunity from disease is to observe and follow these laws as far as practic- able, and if Illness overtakes him to take as remedies only such preparations as are supplied by net me. The only NATURAL remedies are vegetable, and the most renowned and efficient vegetable remedy of the present age is Gwilym Brans' Quinine Bitters. -

This preparation is ow extensively taken throughout the country by pa- tients suffer ng from weakness, ner- vousness and indigestion, with , their numerous and varied pymptoms, and its efficacy in all cases of the kind has been ,ucces‘fully established, and is attested by thousands of testimonials fro,. every district where it has been tried. Its claims have been tested and proved by the nedicil profes ion sod others. and corroborated by the written testimony of eminent m-n. The Quinine Bitt-rs contain not only a suitable quantity of quinine in each dose, but the fle,iVe principles of the following well-known medicinal herbs " —Sarsaparilla. Burdock. Dandelion. Ge.,tian, Lavender. and Saffron. The use of quinine is well known, but it was never sa isfactorily combined with these pre;strations until the inventor of these Bitters, after many and long continued exp -rirnents, was sble to secure a pertectly uni orm combination of all the essential operties of the above lants in their greatest purity and concentration. It is a tonic •` Pick-me-up." scientifically pre- pared in happy proportions. Gwilym fivans'' Bitters are recnn- m ended by loctors. Analysts. and Chemists for Weakness, Indigestion, Nervousness, Depression of Spirits, and all Winter ailments. It is invaluable in restoring strength to persons who are weak after a long illness. jar CAIITION—Bevrare of the numerous imitations which are being offered instead on the Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, and remember that no bottle is genuine unless the adtme " Gwilyra Hyena" is on the label, stamp and bottle. Sold by all Chemists, in bottles, at Is. lid„ 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6/1. each, and in cases of three 4s 6d., bottles at 12s. 6d. each, or will be sent for the above pric-s, free by parcels peat, direst from the Proprietors :—Quinine Bitters Manufacturing. Company, Limited, Llanelly. South Wales.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE VIE AtIGISTRATES.

THE FLAG-LANE ASSAULT CASH. Mary McCoy, Hannah Stevens, and Mary Ann Rath- lsone,marriediwonsen,the former 2 residing in Flag-lane, were charged on remand with assaulting Harriet Rodgers, of Albert-St., on the Bth of January.—Mr. P. Davies appeared for the complainant, and repeated the evidence %hinh he gave a fortnight ago to the effect that the defendants threw the complainant out of a van and inflicted injuries which had detained bier in the hospital.—The defence was that the defendant was in- toxicated and received her injuries by a fall.—The case was dismissed, each party payity, their own costs.

CARD. PLAYING AT LATCHFORD. John Clarke, 253, Knutsford-road, was charged with not appearing to a summons for playing cards in Wash- lane, en Februarreth. P.C. Be. II said that from infor- mation received, he, in company with P.C. Lewis, pro- ceeded to Wash-lane, where they saw nefendant and ethers playing cards. As witness knew defendant, he reported him, and defendant ought to have appeared on the previous Nienday, but failed to do so, and he was arrested that morning. Mr. Hunt (chief constable) said tbat it was getting too common for persons not to appear to their summons at the first instance. Defendant was fined 23. ed. cuffs. ASSAULT ON A WIFE.

James Savage, was charged on a war- rant, on Friday, with sot having appeared to a sum- mons for assaulting his wife on August 18, 1891.—Mr. P. Davies appeared for the defendant.--=Mrs. Savage said tint on the above date, her husband had only given her fis. for the week. She went to a public-house to bring him home, and on the way home he abused her scandal- ously. He kicked her about the body and bruised her and took her umbrella off her and broke ft over his knee. When prisoner got home he locked her out. He was summoned the following week, but had left the town.— Mrs. Bromley corroborated the plaintiff's statement as to the bruises on her body.—P.C. Barlow said that on Thursday night, he was in Foundry-st., and there met prisoner. tie at once arrested him and took him to the police station.—Mr. Davies said that his client told him that he worked late on the night of the allOged assault, and went to a public-house. He was annoyed at his wife coming after him, and alleged that she hit him with her umbrella. He took it off her and broke it. He denied com:nitting the assault. The magistrates said that they were satisfied that an aggravated assault was committed and granted an order for separation, order- ing the husband to pay his wife Bs. per week. THEFT FROM SHOPS BY CHILDREN.:-THE MAGISTRATES

AND MAD/OMEN'S GOODS.

this Corfield, aged 12 years, and Bri..iget Dolan, aged 10 years were each chargel with stealing a pair of Dec/fa, valued 5 111, from the shot, door of Stead and Simpson, Horsemarket-st., on the 18th inst., and Dolan was also charged with stealing a pair of girl's boots from Joseph Frisby, in Market Place, on the 11th inst. Mr. Hunt (Chief Constable), said that Corfield was the daughter of Patrick Corfield, Pump Yard, off Golborne- st„and Dolan resided with her grandmother in Foundry- it. On Saturday night, the boots were missing from Stead and Siren:tons shop, and the police were at once informed. A sample boot was given and on the follow- ing Monday the boots were discovered at Tunstall's pawnshop, where they had been pledged by the younger prisoner. Dolan was arrested by Detective Monaghan. She was brought down to the Police Station, and she then said that Corfield had given her the shoes. Carfield was then brought to the Police Station, and when the prisoners were brought together, Dolan said that Cor- field had rubbed the bottoms of the boots in an entry to dirty them. Corfield then charged Dolan with stealing a pair of boots from Frisby's, apd, on inquiry, these boots were also found at Tunstall's. Thomas Smart Kent, manager of Stead and Simpsons identified the boots, and Edith Holbrook, assistant in Tunstall's pawn- shop, identified Dolan as the one who had pledged the boots. Mr. Garnett said that this was a difficult case to deal with. Last week he saw some remarks in the papers on the question of shopkeepeis. He had a strong feeling that shopkeepers ought to take special care to see that their goods were properly protected, in order to prevent peculation of this sort. Shepkeepers were to some extent t 3 blame for 4i ng temptation in the way of persons who were um bl to resist it. More care should be taken. The writer of those remarks had re- ferred to the Market, but in the market there was always someone to look after a stall, while in the shop, if the assistants were engaged behind the counter, they Could not see outside, and thus there was too great a temptation for some people to resist. In some towns netting was placed round the outside goods, and he thought means should be taken to exhibit the goods so that they could not be taken away. Mr. Kent said that the goods at the outside of the shop were connected with an alarm inside so that they conld know the instant any of them were taken. The boots taken by the pri- soners were in the doorway, and a boy had been em- ployed that day to give out bills, and to look after the outside of the shop. If the goods were not well exhib- ited, it would be impossible for proprietors to make their way. The prisoner Corfield for this offence was fined 103., and Dolan was ordered to be sent to gaol for 14 days, so that she might be sent to a reformatory for five years.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT. MONDAY. —Before the Mayor (chairman), Alderman Harrison, and Messrs. F. Monks, W. Pierpoint, J. W. Hayward, and S. Wright. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—Patrick Burke, fish hawker, Naylor-st., made his 14th appearance, charged with be- ing drunk and disorderly in the Market Place, on the 16th inst., and was fined ss. and costs, or seven days.— James Moseley, wire drawer, 31, Lloyd-st., for the above offence, in the Market Place, on the previous Saturday night, was fined ss. and costs.—John Smith, labourer, Acton Grange, for being drunk and disorderly in Wilderspool-road, on Saturday night, was fined ss. and costs, or seven days. CHIMNEY ON Attewell,puddler, 6, West- et., for allowing the chimney of his dwelling-house to be on fire, on the 12th February, was fined is. TRANSFERS OF LICENSES.—Georae Hill applied for the transfer of the outdoor license of 63, Priestley-st., from Henry Norbury. Thomas Mellor applied for the tranfer of the Star and Garter. Mr. Arthur Browne applied for the transfer of the White Hart Inn to Mrs. McCreadie. James Rigby applied for the transfer of the Coach and Horses.—All the above applications were granted. INDECENT BEHAVIOUR. James Sullivan, last from Manchester, was charged with indecent behaviour in Fadgate-lane, on Saturday. The ,Chief Constable said that prisoner had behaved in a most disgusting manner before two females, one of whom was a little girl. The magistrates sent prisoner to gaol for three months with hard labour, Alderman Harrison saying he wished he could give him six months. AN EX-POLICEMAN IN TROLIBLE.--Flarry Faulkner, of Grappenhall-road, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Buttermarket—st., on February 19. P.C. Clough proved the case. The Chief Constable said the prisoner was a member of the Warrington Police Force about 18 months ago. ge was a most decent and well- behaved man when he was sober, and he (Mr.Hunt)was very sorry to see prisoner in that position.—The Bench fined prisoner 2s. fid. 'TUESDAY —Before Mr. R. Garnett (in the chair), !Mr. E.

Guest, and Dr. Smith. DRIINIC AND DISORDERLY—Thomas Leonard was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Bridge-st., on Monday night, P.C. Cooper proved the case, and prisoner was;tined 10s. including costs or 14 days.

.5..

&Hon CasEs.—The following were brought before the magistrates for neglecting to send their children to school Henry Bate, Winwick-road, fined 5.; Flenry Taylor, Delooza Yard, 23. 6d. ; John Edgar, 58, Welling- ton-st., is.; Patrick Wade, 125, Dallam-lane, 23. 6d.; Elizabeth Griffiths,lB, Eldwn-st., 2s. 61. ; Francis Cleary, 301, Winwick-road, ss. ' • Henry Shaw, Thelwall-lane, 2s. 6d. ; John Battersby,2s, airtwright-st., ss. ; Leah Briars, William-st., ss. ; and John Sankey, Hind-st., ad- journed for a month. Matthew Bite, son of Henry Bate, was sent to the Ship Clio. WEDNBSDAY.—Before Mr. John Fairclough (chairman),

and Mr. John Geddes. Deuex AND DISORDERLY.—Frank Smith for the above offence was fined ss. iucluding costs.—Verity de Verity for the same offence, was fined ss. and costs.—Mary Burns was dismissed on the same charge, on condition she signed the pledge. John Stafford and Michael Connor were charged on the information of P.C. Rylatt with being drunk in Orford-lane, and breaking the shop window of Mr. Siddall. They were fined ss. and costs, or seven days, for being drunk, but dismissed on the charge of breaking the window. THURSDAY.—Before Atderinsn Chandley (in the chair) Alderman Sutton and Councillor .1. Fairclough. DRUNK.—James Burke waS charged with being drunk in Horsemarket-street on the previous night. Prisoner stated that he belonged to Widnes. The magistrates said that he must forfeit is. which was found in his pos- session, and then walk hack to Widnes. FRlDAY.—Before Alderman Wright (in the chair), Coun- cillor H. Roberts, and Mr. William Pierpoint and Dr. Gornall. APPLICATION.—Mr. Whittle applied for an extension of one hour for the Marquis of Granby. Granted. RESTITUTION OF WAGES.—James Mather was brought up for failing to pay £1 45. due to Mr. George Plumpton. Mr. Arthur Browne said that defendant had been employed by plaintiff, and had received a week's wages in advance, and had never worked for him since. Pris- oner was ordered to pay the amount or go to gaol for 14 days. THE MAINTENANCE OF A CIIILD.—James Moseley, 31, Lloyd-street, was ordered to pay is. 6d. per week to maintain his child on the ship Clio. FUSTIAN CUTTING APPRENTICE PROSECITTIONS.—EIIen Barrow, 57, Priestley-street, was brought up by Mr. Platt, on remand for not attending her work. She pro- duced a certificate from Dr. Jack stating that else was unfit for employment, but Mr. Platt wished to have her examined by a doctor appointed by himself. The case was adjourned for a week.—Margaret Chrimes was fined 6d. for not attending to her work. TRESPASSING ON BANK QUAY STATION.—John Butler, Town Hill, was charged with trespassing on Bank Quay Station on Jan. 27, and refusing to quit. Detective Osborne said that defendant carried parcels. tec., for his living. On the above date he had been warned repeat- edly to leave the station, but to no purpose, and be had to be summoned. The magistrates inflicted a fine of 10a. and costs.

RUNCORN PETTY BF-e4SIONS. MONDAL—Before Mr. C. Reynolds, and Mr. G. L. _

DRITNICE34/9149.—F0r this offence John Burke, Mersey- square ; Mary Ann Atherton, Pritchard's Row ; John Martin and Samuel Rogers, were each fined the usual penalty, of ss. PIIII§IiICD BY A MOTHEa-m-Lew.—,-Frank Edward Allanby, Bankers-lane, Weston, • was summoned by his wife Mary Ellen, for assaulting her. She said that for some months past they had lived uncomfortably toge- ther, her husband was always" picking at her "and on the 12th inst., he knocked her about the house and she was so frightened she left tha house.—Mr. Burton, who defended, said the defendant had a good character as a steady and industrious man. He had removed from Runcorn to Weston in order to get away from his mother-in-law, but she had followed him and was now living next door, and he had no peace. Ile alleged that on tlys occasion under consideeation his wife struck him three times and he never gave her a blow. The Bench dismissed the case.

CLEVER CAPTURE OF A TRlEF.—James Burns, S. tramp, was cnarged with stealing a pair of trousers, from the shop door of Frederick Blythe High-street ; and also a vest, a pair of boots, and 7s. 6d. in money, the pro- perty of a fellow lodger. At two o'clock on Sunday morning P.C. Gregory was in DevonstAre Square, where he met the prisoner carrying a bundle containing the articles. Restated that he had bought them in War- rington, but the constable deemed this statement unsat- isfactory and took him into custody. It was subse- quently discovered that. he had stolen them. The pri- soner told the magistrates " I was in the horrors of drink and don't remember a ha'porth about it."—He was sen tenced to a month's hard labour. ASSAULT DNA CONSTABLE. —A young man named John Regan, was charged with having been drunk and dis- orderly, on Saturday night, and also with assaulting P.C. Gregory.—The prisoner was fighting with another man and when the constable went to them, he struck him a violent blow on the face, giving him a black eye. For being drunk he was fined ss. and for the assault 10s. and costs, or in default 21 days' hard labour.

WARRINGTON BuAKD u GUARDIA-N S. I The fortnightly meeting of the Warrington Board I of Guardians was held at the Town Hall on Wed- nesday. Mr. R. Heaton was in the chair and there were present Mr. Balharry, vice-chairman Messrs. Gill, J. Houghton, Turton, R. Owen, G. Pilling, A. Jolley, Fairclough, W. Houghton, Swinton, T. Mather, Ratcliffe, Clarke, Aukland, Dignum, A. J. Jolley, Davies, Smith, Humphries, Warburton, Shaw, Ribber; Hill, and Dobson. Mr. J. C. Sutton (clerk), Mr. S. Sutton (deputy clerk), Drs. Spinks and Peacock (medical officers), Mr. C. H. Ward (master), and Mr. Hinds (assistant master). The CLERK read the minutes of the last meeting, and they were passed unanimously.—Mr. &taw drew atten- tion to the fact of the baker for the Workhouse ap- pointed at the last meeting having had his expenses paid froffl Hereford. He did not think it right that one, who was successful, should have his expenses paid, while one applicant from Padgate, who was unsuccess- ful, should not have his paid.—The Clerk said that it was customary to pay the railway expenses of candi- dates who applied for such situations. No other ex- penses were paid, and he was not aware of the case mentioned by Mr. Shaw. RESIGNATION OF RELIEVING OFFICER. The CLERK then read a letter from Mr. Wm. Wallace resigning his position as relieving officer for No. 2 dis- trict. On the motion of Mr. HOUGHTON, seconded by Mr. Wm. DAVIES, Mr. Wallace's resignation was unani- mously accepted. Mr. RATCLIFFE moved, and Mr. DAVIES seconded, that the cheques of expenses,as read should pass. The motion was passed unanimously. The estimates for the next half year were put before the Board by the Clerk.

THR FRIO?! OF MILE. Mr. MUIR asked how it was that 2s. 3d. was paid in the house, and 2s. 4d. in the schools for milk.—The CHAIRMAN explained that the milk had to be brought by the inmates to the house, but it was taken to the schools.

_ .. ROUSE COMMITTEH.—A SURPRISE VISIT. The House Committee had tested fire extinguishing apparatus and found them quite satisfactory, and it was I recommended that three ladders be obtained.—Mr. ItiT- CLIFFE moved that the recommendations be adopted. The visit of the House Committee to the house had been a surprise visit, and the members of the Committee were delighted with the efficiency of the arrangements.—Mr. A. JOLLEY seconded the motion, which was passed un- animously.

SCHOOL COMMITTEE. 'lt was resolved to have an outside staircase to No.l home in Pad gate schools, and also to heat the home, by means of hot water pipes.—The doctor reported that the children were healthy.—The CLERK said that it would be necessary to submit the proposed improvements to the Local Government Board, as they were structural alter- ations.—Mr. DOBSON thought it was a queer idea to put pip's in the school now winter was over.—The recom- mendation of the School Committee were passed unani- mously.

FINANCE.

The CLERK announced that the county rate from the Board amounted to £2,276 17s. 9d. The audit for the last half-year would be held in the Council room of the Town Hall on March 13.

- - PATIENTS IN BLIND ASYLUMS. Mr. SaAw said he should like to say a few words in regard to patients in blind asylums. He thought it only right that so long as the Board had patients in these asylums, they should have a committee to pay periodical visits, such as they did to lunatic asylums. The Board had two patients, a man and a boy, in a blind asylum at Manchester. There ought to be some kind of visitation to these patients so long as they had them.—The CLERK suggested that Mr. Shaw should bring the question before the House Committee. He did not know how the authorities of these institutions arranged for visitois. —Mr. RAT CLIFFE wished the Clerk to write to them for information. ELECTION OF RELIEVING OFFICER. The next business was to elect a successor to Mr. Wallace relieving officer of No. 2 division. The CLERK said that as, during the past year, the Board had twice advertised for vacancies, and had twice reduced the number of the applicants to a select number, it was considered sufficient that these persons some of whom were so nearly appointed before, should be invited to present themselves again, as candidates. 'rhere were therefore seven candidates for the situation, viz.,Messrs. F. A. Aukland, G. Clarke, F. Davies, A. Frost, S. H. Jenkins, E J. Mitchell, and F. Wright. The Board then proceeded with the election and the candidates were reduced to two, Messrs. F. A. Aukland, and F. Wright. On a vote being taken, it was found that Mr. F. A. Aukland had polled 14 votes to Mr. F. Wright 12. Mr. F. A. Aukland, therefore, was declared elected, and he will be formally appointed at the next meeting of the Board.

VAIXABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE DAIR.—If your hair is turning grey or white, or tailing off, use "THE IdExlcei Hata RENEWER," for it will positively restore in every case Grey or White hair to its original colour, without leaving the disagreeaMe smell of most Restorers." It snakes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth of the air on bald soots, where tbe glands are not decayed. Price 3s. 6d.—For an Oil to make the Hair soft, glossy, and luxu- riant, ask for "CARTER'S COLOGNE OIL." Price is. of all dealers. Wholesale depot. :„33, Farringdon-road, Loudon.— Advt.

-1

===== 0002601_18930225_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
GWYLYM

EVANS'

QUININE!

BITTERS.

GWILYX

EVANS'

BITTBRS.

GWILYM

EVANS'

QUININ 0

B ITT ERA.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
I

I • • • in • • • ow mi _ _

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1893.

pressly declared that the rates of Customs and Excise, as well as those of the Postal Department, were to be fixed by the Imperial Parliament, and being fixed in thnt way for the Irish service of course the Irish members would vote upon them. The right Ii n. gentleortu. in the course of a statement on the business ot the House, said the Government would propose next Monday that they should take first on Monday the introducpion of the Local Veto Bill, and secondly the Employers Liability Bill.

WELSH DISESTABLISHMENT.

Mr. Asiaurrif moved for leave to bring ima bill to pre- vent for a limited time the creation of new interests in Church of England bishoprics, dignities, and benefices in Wales and Monmouthshire. He said the policy of Welsh DisestablishmeLt was in the minds of the electors of the country when they recorded their votes last summer, and Her Majesty's Government would be failing in their duty if they did not take advantage of the first oppor- tunity which offered to give prompt and effectual execu- tion to this policy. Sir J. GORST moved an amendment declaring that it was inexpedient and unjust to interfere by legislation with the operations of the Church in the Welsh dioceses while the principle of an alteration in the relations between Church and State in that part of the United Kingdom had not been adopted by Parliament. Sir J. MOWBRAY seconded the amendment. Mr. RRNDEL stated the case of the Welsh Liberal members in support of the Home Secretary's motion, and said the opposition of the Welsh people was not to the Church but to the Establishment, an excellent example of the mischiev- ous working of which was furnished by the appoint- ment of the Bishop of St. Asaph by Lord Salisbury. Mr. KENYON spoke against the bill. Sir G. 0. Mottoes said the results of the last elections showed that the majority in favour .of disestablishment had grown from 46 per cent, to something like 66 per cent. Lord R. CHURCH! LL said the House was asked to give a pledge in favour of disestablisbmant without any proper inquiry and with no information as to the position of the Church or the policy of the Government. The sole object of the Government in this matter was to secure votes for their Irish policy. Mr. G LADS TONE said that when the noble lord said they endeavoured to play Welsh dises- tablishment against Home Rule Re would plainly reply that he was not ashamed of either the one or the other proposal. On a division the numbers were.—For Mr. Asquith's motion, 301; against ; 2,5; Government majority, 56. Leave was then given to tiring in the bill.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

FRIDAY.

In the House of Commons on evening the ad-1 journed debato on the HOlll5 Rule Rill was resumed by Mr. CHAMBERLAIN, who agreed that the retention of the Irish members at Westminster was an essential condition of the maintenanee of existing Parliamentary supremacy and the unity of the empire. He asserted, however, that the policy the House Was now asked to adopt was an irrevocable policy. Mr. Blake, Mr. Courtney, Mr. Ren- ton], and Mr. Goschen followed, the latter declaring that the bill would never pass into law. The bill was after- wards read a first time amidst loud Ministerial cheers.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
MONDAY.

In the House of Commons on -Monday evening Mr. T. W. RUSSELL questioned the Chief Secretary for Ireland about the legality of the Cork City Council incurring the cost of a deputation to Rome to present an address of congratulation to the Pope on the occasion of his jubilee, and elicited the information that all the Con- servative and Protestant members of the Council who were present voted for the expenditure, and that the minority against it was composed entirely of Roman Catholics.

THE QUEENS UNIFORM. In replying to an inquiry about the grievance of cer- tain warrant officers of the army in regard to restric- tions against the wearing of plain clothes. Mr. CAMP- BELL-BANNERMAN said he would give no countenance to the idea that it was a privilege to put off Her Majesty's uniform or an infliction to hAve to wear it, and he was not sure that there was not a good deal to be said in favour of making the wearing of uniform more obliga- tory than it was upon the officer ranks of the army. THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND ABROAD. Mr. BUXTON informed Mr. Carvell Williams that the Colonial Secretary had intimated to the Governor of British Guiana that he considered that the Church of England in that colony already received a full proportion of assistance from public funds, and that he was not prepared to approve of any further vote being proposed.

• • CHAI RMANSHIP OF COMMITTRS. - • -

Mr. Mellor, on the motion of the PRIINIBEt, was ap- pointed Chairman of Committees of the House.

THE REGISTRATION BILL. Mr. FOWLER asked leave to bring in the Registration Bill. He said the objections to the length of the quali- fying period for the residential franchise were obvious. The minimum was 18 months and the maximum two years and three months before a householder was entitled to exercise the franchise. Then the registration machinery was cumbersome, and many persons who ought to be registered lost their votes, whilst others were on the register who ought not to be there ; and the system by which the accuracy of the register depended mainly on the activity of registration agents was objectionable in principle and mischievous in practice. The Government proposed to abolish the con- ditions with reference to rating and to repeal all provi- sions of the registration laws requiring the payment either of assessed rates or poor rates, and they had come to the conclusion that the qualifying period should be re- duced to one uniform period of three months, to end on the 24th June in every year. The registration was to be ' entrusted to a class of officials called superintendent and district registrars, to be applinted by the Town Councils and County Councils. Mr. STANSPIELD said that on the whole the bill was admirably conceived. Mr. E. STAN- HOPE said that a six months' term would be better than three months, and said the Opposition would oppose any attempt to put on the rates any expense for the purpose of performing that which, as they maintained, was the duty of the State. After some further discussion leave was given to introdu,ce the Bill, and the second reading was provisionally fixed for next Monday. Mr. ASQUITH moved the second reading of the Bill 0 amend the

===== 0002601_18930225_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
EMPLOYERS LIABILITY ACT,.

and explained that it abolished the doctrine of common employment, Prohibited contracts by the workman which redounced his statutory rights, and simplified the procedure.

In the House of Lords Lord Londonderry called atten- tion to the recent refusal of the Irish Executive to grant police protection to sheriffs executing night distraints. The Lord Chancellor stated that an appeal would be carried to the House of Lords from the decisiod of the Insh Court of Queen's Bench. Lord Salisbury and other Tory peers protested against the acti.n of the Govern- ment, and Lord Kimberley denied that the Executive had attempted to exercise a " dispensing power."

===== 0002601_18930225_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
TUESDAY._

In the House of Ccm-m-o—ns—cTn- Tuesday evening, Mr. Foßwooo moved that it be an instruction to the Corn- 1 mittee in charge of the Liverpool Corporation Bill to con- sider whether the existing division of Liverpool into wards afforded to the ratepayers a fair and equitable' representation. He said the character of the several divisions had greatly changed since they were formed 58 years ago. Mr. T. P. O'CoNnon moved the rejection of the instruction. Mr. Metton (Chairman of Commit- tees) said the law already provided a remedy for the grievance complained of, and if this was difficult to ob- tain an amendment of the Municipal Corporations Act could be sought. The motion was by leave withdrawn. Answering several questions on the subject of

RAILWAY RAM, Mr MINDSLLA said Sir H. Oakley was afraid the com- panies would not get through the work or revision before the middle of April, but he assured him (Mr. Mundella) that they were most anxious to arrive at a settlement, and were doing all that was possible to meet the reason- able wishes of the traders.

_ AMERICAN EMIGRATION. Mr. MUNDELLA, in reply to Mr. J. Lowther, said the Commissioners to be sent to the United States to inquire into the question of immigration were Mr. Burnett, the Labour Correspondent 01 the Board of Trade, and Mr. David Schloss, barrister-at-law.

TRH 7 QUESTION OF REDISTRIBUTION. Mr. KIMBER called attention to the disparity of repre- sentation existing between certain constituencies of the United Kingdom, and moved a resolution declaring that such disparity should be forthwith inquired into by an impartial committee or commission, and remedied.—Mr. MACARNTSBY seconded the motion.—Sir CHARLES DILE moved an amendment deprecating the reference of the subject to a select committee or royal commission, but expressing the opinion that the discrepancies in electoral power deserved the attention of her Majesty's Govern- ment with a view to legislation in a future session.— Sir W. HARCOURT suggested that having attained his ob- ject which was to bring the subject before public notice, Mr. Kimber should not press the motion. He (Sir WILLIAM) had no doubt that, whatever Government was in power, this question would have to be dealt with be- fore many years were over. Both motion and amend- ment were then withdrawn. Shortly after eight o'clock the House was counted out—for the first time this session.

In the House of Lords, Lord RIBBLESDALE, replying to the Earl of DIINRAV6N, said he believed the Commission on Agricultural Depression would have power to go in- to the incidence of taxation on agricultural land separ- ately if they thought fit.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDNESDAY.

In the House of Commons on Wednesday, Mr. STuaar RENDEL moved the second reading of the

PLACES OF WORSHIP ENFRAN-CHISRMIINT BILL.

Its object, he said, was to enable religious bodies to I acquire the freehold of their places of worship. In Wales the difficulty of obtaining the freehold was felt to be not only irksome but a stigma cast upon the relig- ion the Nonconformists professed. Dr. RENTOUL moved the rejection of the bill, objecting to its compulsory powers and holding that it would create a species of endowment of reiigious bodice. Mr. S. Everis said the bill sought powers to compulsorily acquire leasehold sites upon paying full value for the land, and to benefit the weaker as well as the stronger sects. Mr. WILLox supported the bill. Mr. STANLEY LEIGHTON opposed it, and was anxious to know whether the buildings when acquired would be used for boisteroies political meetings as well as for religious worship. Mr. ASQUITH said the [louse was simply asked by the bill to give the religious bodies the power of acquiring for themselves that which every humane and reasonable landlord would give them without the interveution of an Act of Parliament—pro- tection against confiscation and security of tenure, a privilege which the Church of England already possessed. There was not the slightest risk of the powers given by the bill being used for any other than a religious purpose. Why, he asked, had chapels been used for political purposes ? 13,•cause the schoolroom of the parish made and main- tained out of the public funds,was too often in the hands of an irresponsible body of managers who would only allow the place to be used for the purposes of one politi- cal party. The facts would have justified the introduc- tion of a more drastic measure, a measure which would have enabled religious bodies to acquire compulsorily,in all cases at a fair price,such sites as they needed to carry on their places of worship. Anyhow, the Government heartily supported the second reading.. Mr. STUART WORTLEY, Mr. PERKS, Mr. LEES KNOWLES, and Sir G. OSBORNE MORGAN continued the debate, the latter assert- ing that the bill did not go far enough. Mr. ADDISON and Mr. MACDONA supported the bill. The motion for the second reading was carried unanimously amid loud Liberal cheers, and the bill was referred to the Grand Committee on Law.

MISCELLANF,OUS.

After discussion the Cheap Trains (London) Bill was read a second time and referred to a Select Committee. The House went into Committee on the Trade Union Provident Funds Bill,which passed without amendment, was reported, and read a third time. Among the bills read a second time were the Jurors' Remuneration and Mr. l)olurmxtEa's Railway Servants' Hours Bill. Mr. T. M. HEALEY moved the second reading of the New Licenses (Ireland) Bill ; but on Mr. JAMES LOWTHER as- certaing that he referred to public-house licenses he said he must object, and the motion was postponed. The House adjourned at five minutes to six o'clock.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
THURSDAY.

In the House of Commons on Thursday evening a number of questions were put with reference to the

HOME RULE SILL. In reply to one of them Mr. Gladstone said that n 1 doubt according to the terms of the Bill, it seemed to be ex-

===== 0002601_18930225_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
"WE'LL NEVER SEE HIS LIKE AGEN 1'

EAU[ PAPPER BOSS.

We connot let thee go away, Witheaut sum tribute to thy worth ; Fer if we did, we shudn't be Desarvin' ev'n to cumber th' earth. We're beaun' to pay eawr tribute true, To one o' Nature's noblemen ; An ev'ry one's conatrain'd to say, " We'll never see his like agen !" No matter wen we peylt his dur, It anus oppen'd wi' a will; An' wotsoever war ith' heause, Wus at eaur sarvice for a fill. He'd make uz welcome o'er a glass 0' Uskibaw fro Mnshat's Glen ; By Gyow, lads it's a brunnin' fact— We'll never see his like agen I" Th' owd Station Mester, griev'd au' hurt, Becose o'th' loss o' his owd chum, • Appears aw wrung, an' welly dazet, An' favvers ez if strucken dumb. He even whispers to hissel', Wen mopin' i' that railroad den, . "So wheer aw go, so wheer aw stay, Aw'll never see his like agen I" You lonely lonlert o'th "Legh Arms," Feels sadden't an' disconsolate ; An' mutters oaths," not leaud but deep," At lozin' such a gerlin' mate. His " airey" jokeB'are banish'd quite, . An' gone beyond aw mortal ken; Wile moruin', noon, an' neet, be sighs— " Aw'll never see his like agen ; ' 'The folk that labour r yon Mill, Are plung'd fro dayleet into dark; An' heawsoever hard they try, They connot settle to their wark. Thay miss that hearty, willin' help, That cheer'd them sperrits neaw an' then; An' this is aw them sad refrain— " We'll never see his like agen I" • His naybels seem ez if ther sun Has melted fro' ther little sphere; An' left um sorrowin' i' gloom, Becoze' alas I he isn't theer. Wile, ez far me, aw realize Far moor than aw con tell Wl' pen: An' ez aw write, aw deaubt an' fear, " Avell never see his like agen I " TUM 0' PEGS. Rose Bonk, Feb. 21th, 1893.

HE DOESN'T WANT TO BOTHER ANY-

BODY.

At Bromsgrove on Thursday Holman Meunier was committed for trial at the Worcester Assizes on the charge of murdering Mrs. Pearcey at Lickey End. He said; when asked if he wished to be defended, that he " did not want to bother anybody about it." .

===== 0002601_18930225_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
-*-- Tip COTTON STRIKE.

_NO SETTLEMENT.

A conference of members of the Executive Committee of the South-East Lancashire Employers' Federation and of the Operatives' Associations concerned in the dispute in the cotton spinning industry was held on Thursday, in Manchester. The operatives submitted the proposals agreed upon at their general meeting as terms of settle- ment. The employers stated that they were prepared to open the mills on a present reduction in wages of 24 per cent., to be followed by a further reduction of 24 per cent, in three months without any reference to the then condition of trade. They also tail down a series of propositions for the future conduct of the industry. The operatives declined to accept these terms, and re- moved their proposals with some additions. These the employers declined, and the conference ended without effecting any settlement.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
SAD DEATH OF A WIGAN SOLICITOR.

A painful discovery was made at the Wigan Conserva- tive Club, on Thursday morning, soon after eight o'clock when the dead body of a young gentleman named Osmond Norman Delamere Bouth was found in the lavatory. The door being locked the attendant forced it open, and Mr. Bouth was found on the floor in a position which indicated that he had had a fit. He was subject to fits, and it was his habit when be felt them coming on to retire to a room and lock himself in. It is supposed that while in the club on Wednesday he felt an Attack coming on and retired to the place named, and expired in the fit. The deceased was the son of Dr. F. W. D. Bouth, J.P.. cotton spinner, Woodfields, Leigh, and was about 23 years of age. He was educated a Oxford, and afterwards articled at the office of Messrs Peace and Ellis, solicitors, Wigan, wnarti he was ye popular.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
SIR WILFRID LAWSON AND LIQUOR

LEGLSLAIION.

PRESENTATION TO LADY LAWSON. The portrait of Sir Wilfred Lawson, the gift of the members of the United Kingdom Alliance,was presented on Thursnay to Lady Lawson by Archdeacon Farrar at a meeting of the London Auxiliary at the Mansion House. Sir Wilfred Lawson accepted the gift and the address ac- companying it as evidence of the interest now taken in the temperance movement. He was, he said, often styled the" Apostle of Temperance," but he was not a greater advocate of temperance than anybody else. Everybody was an advocate of temperance now, the licensed victualler especially. Mr. Goschen and Mr. Ritchie were apostles of temperance. They brought in bills which they thought would promote temperance,but other people thought they would not. All he had done was to advocate the control of liquor traffic. In the present Parliament they had a majority pledged to vote in their favour, ano the Government, he believed, would bring in an upright, straightforward bill. If they only introduced a halting measure it r,would be a source of misery and disaster to them.

KWS COMPOUND, for Coughs and Co'ds. Asthma and Bronchitis are relieved by it, 91-cl. 130. &c.—Advt. Vernon George Crowe, a boy of 14, living with. his father at 32, Pool-road, Egremont, committed suicide on Wednesday afternoon because his father had inter- fered with his courtship of a girl about the same age. Tax !!JPULAR BEVERAGE tor Breakfast, Luncheon, Tea Ind Supper in all seasons is CADBURY'S Cocoa. —Comforting strengthening, nourishing—for old and young, robust and feeble. CADBURY'S COCOA is absolutely pure.—Advt. The body of a well-dressed man has been found on the Stretton Hills, twelve miles from Shrewsbury, under circumstances suggestive of death from exposure.

The Royal Laundresses say Critehley's " STARCH GLOSS is unequalled for Imparting a beautifnl finish to starched l•nen, &c., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.—, Corn- wall, says :—•' My wife will not finish our linen without your "Starch Gloss.'" From Mrs. —, Bradford : "Dear sir,— I am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold at Id., 3d., and 6d., by most starch selles. If not in stock will procure it. T. Blseigbnrn. P:oprietor.—Adrt.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0088.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
111 IN

===== 0002601_18930225_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHICAGO EXHIBITION.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
THE " SUNLIGHT " Exinur.

Certainly one of the most original and artistic exhibits at the forthcoming Chicago Exhibition will be that of Messrs. Lever Bros., Ltd., of Port Sunlight, near Birken- head, the manufacturers of the celebrated sunlight soap. Their exhibit consists of a magnificent model of Windsor Castle, built to scale, and covering an area of 45 feet by 18 feet, the height from the top of the central tower to the ground being about 16 feet. This beautiful model, correct in every detail, has been built from drawings prepared by Mr. Max Clarke, A.R.1.8.A., by Messrs. Campbell, Smith and Co., of "Old London" and "The Victory" fame, and is the largest of its kind in the world, and the only existing model of the castle architecturally exact. The stand is seven feet from the ground, and is divided in the centre by a draped entrance into the interior.. All round the walls are panels between pillars on w:iich hang the various works of art published by the firm. The effect of this stand is produced by an ex- quisite harmony of sunlight tints. Round the whole is a counter three feet from the ground, decorated Lanr crusts Walton. The entrance leads into a circular ves- tibule artistically decorated with frescoes, representing, by ancient shipping, the commerce of the world. The richness of the colour and design of these frescoes is superb. The vestibule opens into a spacious reception- room, also beautifully decorated with frescoes, represent- ing sunlight at various periods of the day. From the pale light of early dawn the eye passes to the blazing splendour of a noon-day sun, thence to the softer hues of later afternoon,-which finally deepen int 9 the golden glories of the closing day.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
VALUE OF PROPERTY IN LIVERPOOL.

£5O A SQUARE YARD.

One of the most important transactions in real estate in Liverpool which has recently occurred is the sale by the Bank of Liverpool of the freehold premises at present occupied by the Commercial Bank, and of the adjoining groperty fronting Castle-street, Cook-street, and Bar- rington-street. The price obtained by private treaty f•r the lot is understood to be £150,000, or equivalent to nearly £5O per square yards.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
DESPERATE RACIAL FIGICT IN AMERICA.

CawAcio, SATURDAY.—A desperate light occurred on Saturday, between a number of Polish 'and Hungarian workmen employed at the steel mills here. The men, after having been paid their wages began drinking heavily, and ultimately a conflict arose between the two nationalities. Knives, clubs, and sticks were the wea- pons used, and in the melee six men were injured, three of them so seriously that they are not expected to recover.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
ENCOUNTER WITH A MAD DOG AT WARRINGTON.

Constable Marsh had an unpleasant duty to per- form on Tuesday night, and one which proved to be of exciting interest to over 100 persons. The duty was that of killing a half mad dog, which had placed itself at the door of Clare's riblic house, at Bridge Foot, and for a time kept the liquor traffic in that quarter suspended. No one was able to leave or enter the public house for almost an hour. Constable Marsh bad been informed of the whereabouts of the dog and repaired there. A large crowd had collected in the street, removed at a safe distance from the animal, and they watched the con- stables manceuvres. He stepped gingerly to the corner of the doorway, peeped round and got the bearings of the dog, and then struck at it with his staff. The animal sprang at him, and then retired into a corner, howling in a most distressing manner. rhe officer continued his tactics, and the dog continued to spring at him, until at length it succeeded in setting its teeth in his hand. Two or three of the crowd then rushed up and beat the ani- mal off, and when Constable Marsh had sucked the blond from the bite, he renewed his att•tck. Unfortunately, the shortness of his staff prevented him getting a proper blow at the animal, and instead of being able to "knock it on the head" at once,he had to kill the dog by beating it about the body. The constable, who received two bites, had the wounds burned and dressed immediately the dog was dead.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
DOG SHOW AT ST. HELENS.

The first annual allow of dogs under the auspices of the recognised St. Helens Canine Association was held in the Volunteer Hall, St. Helens, on Wednes- day, and was A great success. About £l5O was , offered in prizes, and there were 277 entries, in- cluding-some a tha finest animals in the north of England. The arrangements for the exhibition were carried out by a committee, of whicn • Mr. H. R. Friar was the secretary. The judges were Mesrs. J. W. Bedell, Et W. Beakell, C. H. Wheeler, and L. P. C. Astley, and their awards were as fellows :-St. Bernards, dog or bitch ; 1, George Booth, Hull ; 2, Rev. W. Stirzaker, Skelmersdale ; 3, A. J. Spark, St. Helens. Bull Terrier, dog ; 1, F. Bateson, Accrington; 2' F. Rinks, Birmingham; 3, James Thorpe, Manchester. Bull Terrier, bitch; 1, John Lowe, St. Helens; 2, R. J. Hartley ; Bridgnorth ; 3, W. B. Murray, Johnstone, Scotland. Bull Terrier, novice class, dog or bitch (novice) ; 1, John Lowe ; 2, R. J. Hartley; 3, James Thorpe. Bull Terrier Puppy, dog or bitch ;1. John Lowe:; 2, R.J.Hartley • 3, J. W. Gibson' West Hartlepool. Irish Terrier, dog ; 1, W. E. Alcock, Sunderland • 2, P. Tur- ner, Liverpool; 3, G. Delamore, Birkenhead. Irish Terrier, bitch ; 1, C. M. Nicholson, Spital Hall, Ches- hire; 2,• E. Wainwright, Port Sunlight ; 3, H. Day, Bristol. Irish Terrier, dog or bitch (novice class) 1, W. E. Alcock ; 2, P. Turner; 3, J. C. Fishwick, St. Helens. Irish Terrier, dog or bitch, puppy, class: 1, P. Turner ; 2, James Summer, Liverpool ; 3, W. Swift, St. Helens. Collie Challenge Dog : Charles Reeling, Darwen. Collie Challenge bitch : J. S. niggle, Chorl- ton-cum-Hardy. Collie Dog (open) : 1, T. Rowlinson, Southport ;2, C. Reeling, Darwen ; 3, Home and Holli- day, Darlington. Collie Bitch (open class) : 1, J. S. niggle ; 2, C. J. and A. Naylor, Prescot ; 3, E. Charlton, Manchester. Collie novice class dog : 1, C. Reeling; 2, W. Curl, Buruley ; 3, T. E. Owen, Llandudno. Collie novice class bitch : 1, J. S. niggle ; 2, Hull and Watson, Preston ;3, C. I. and A. Naylor. Collie Puppy, dog or bitch : 1, J. S. Diggle ; 2, Hull and Watson ; 3, W. Curl. Fox Terrier, smooth dg : 1, T. Millar, Dublin ; 2, W. V. Howell Thomas, Carmarthen ; 2, J. J. Hudson, Bnotle. Fox Terrier, smooth bitch : 1, J. A. Whittaker, Nelson ; 2, E. Powell, jun., Shrewsbury ; 3, R. Philipson, South bhields. Fox Terrier, novice class, smooth dog : I,W. V. Howell Thomas; 2, John Avery, Olton, War- wickshire ;3, E. Powell, jun. Fox Terrier, novice class, smooth bitch : 1, T. Miller; 2, E. Powell, jun., 3, G. L. Morrice, Formby. Fox Terrier, Puppy, smooth dog or bitch : 1, J. A. Whittaker; 2, John Avery ; 3, W. A. Singleton, Bolton. Fox Terrier, white haired dog or bitch : 1. W. Beacall, Shrewsbury; 2, J. W. Taylor, Oldham; 3, A. E. Clear, Maldon, Essex. White English Terrier, challenge class - C. Randall, Liverpool. White English Terrier, dog or bitch : 1, D. Lewis, Warrington; 2, C. Randall ;3, J. C. Kerslake, Birmingham. Pug, challenge class-: Mrs. T. Proctor, Leeds. Pug, dog or bitch : 1, Mrs. Proctor ; 2, Mrs. Harcourt Clare, Chester. Any other variety, dog or bitch : 1, W. E. Alcock, (Newfoundland) ; 2, E. H. Naylor (bull dog) ; 3, T. E. Webb. (Newfoundland). Any other variety, open class : 1, P. Turner, (Italian greyhound) ; 2, Robert Coop, (hard-naired Scotriih terrier), and Mrs. Harcourt Clare, (Prince Charles) ;3, W. E. Alcock. Any variety, selling class, dog or bitch ; 1, T. H. Stretch, Ormskirk ; 2, E. Powell, jun. ;3, E. Turner. Local classes, confined to residents within a radius of five miles of St. Helens Town hall-Collie, dog or bitch ; 1 and 2, C. J. and A. Naylor ;3,W. H. Norman. Fox Terrier, dog or bitch : 1, R. B. Bower; 2, R. G. Makin; 3, James Worsley. Any other variety of Terrier, dog or bitch :1. J•-In Lowe ; 2, Robert Coop ; 3, John.% histon. St. Bernard (puppy) dog or bitch : 1, the Rev. J. Barker, Rainford ; 2, James Pilkington ; 3, the Rev. W. Stirzaker.

KAY'S TIC PnLs, specific in Neuralgia. Face-ache, 9}d. and 14d. ; postage Id. 01 all Chemists.—Adrt. .The result of the polling at Flexham lwas declared on Saturday. The Liberal candidate, Mr. Wlnnes, won the seat from the Conservatives by a majority of 446 votes. The result of South Meath was also declared on Saturday. Mr. J. Jordan, Nationalist, defeated Mr. Dalton, a supporter of Mr. Redmond, by 69 votes. LIN UM CATHAIITICUM PILLS, agreeably aperient, 90.,130 2s. 9d. Of all Chemists. —Advt.

CADBURY'S COCOA iS ADSOIDtBIy pure.—The Publie An lysts have submitted CADBURY'S COCOA to close tests and the result has always proved its great value as a gusts in ing and nourishing beverage.- Advt. "TORACCONISTS commencing" Eld.guide (3d.) TomacconsTs. OUTFITTING CO.-186, Euston-rd., London. Est. 1886. advt.

KAY'S COMPOUND Essence of Linseed, Aniseed, Senega, Squill, Tolu, 13d., &c. Of all Chemists.—Advt. CHLORO-LINSEED Cough Lozenges, post free, 7d. Of all Chemists. -Advt.

..... The Spanish Minister at Washington has received instructions to formally and energetically protest against the action of the United States in San Domingo, and to intimate that a Spanish warship has been ordered from Cuba to San Domingo for the purpose of asserting Spanish rights. APPOINTMENT FOR MAJOR WILLCOCKS.

Major Willcocks, of Ravensdale, St. Helens. late adjutant for twenty-seven years of the 2nd V.B. South Lancashire Regiment (the old 47th), has been appointed assistant inspector of schools in the Bolton, Wigan, and Warrington district, under the Science and Art Depart- men., South Kensington. FISH! FISH! FISH !—Cheap baskets of fresh fish or oysters sent anywhere, carriage paid, direct from the landing stage, at 25 6d. 3s, 4s, 5s and upwards. Try them I All orders and remittances to the Co-Operative Fish Supply Co. Ltd., Pontoon, Grimsby. Thousands of testimonials from all parts of the coutitry.—Advt.

ST. JACOBS 0

RUNCORN RURAL SANITARY AUTHORITY.

The fortnightly meeting was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday. Mr. J. Mclntyre presided and there were present the Rev. J. W. N. Tanner, Messrs. J. Baguley, R. Aaron, J. Weir, J. stokes, J. Parr, J. M. Williams, T. Lewis, J. Brandreth, W. Turner, T. Baiter, C.C., P. Hall, W. Wilkinson, W. . _

Whitlow, J. Knowles, A. Greenway, J. Whitlow, J. W. Baguley, J. Ashton (clerk), G. Ashton (deputy clerk), Dr. Adams (medical officer), J. Farrington (nuisance inspector.)

THE WATER SUPPLY AND THE SEWERAGE OF HELSBY. The Committee appointed to consider the letter of the Local Government Board, of the 28th November, 1892, with respect to the sewerage of Helsby, reported that they held a meeting at the Railway Inn, Helsby, on the 18th inst., under the presidency of Mr. H E. Heywood. The Committee after making an inspection of the pre- sent sewerage system of the township adjourned. The following facts with regard to the sewerage and water scheme had been ascertained and were presented by Mr. Brandreth :—The acreage of the village is 1,243, the population 1,000, the rateable value for the poor £7,048 13s. 4d.,the rateable value for sanitary purposes, houses, &c. £3,358 3s.4d.,ditto and for land £3,690 10s. The rate- able assessment at id. in the £ will produce for sanitary purposes £l7 Hs. ed. There are 242 houses of which two are assessed over £BO ; nine over £4O ; 21 over £2O ; 52 over £10; 73 over £5 and 85 under £5. The district is agricultural, and the houses are scattered over the place. The sewerage at the farms are turned into mid- dens (open), and at the largest houses into cesspools, and kept there until the proper season of the year when it is carted on the land as manure. The land is so poor that crcps cannot be obtained from it without manure. The surface of the land is uneven, some points being 400 feet higher than others. The nature of the place is red sandstone, the lanes are sand, and in flood rains sometimes tons of sand are washed down to the ditches and drains. The dis- tance from the village to the river Mersey is about two miles, no houses intervening, and the land is meadow- land, nearly all in grass and separated by dykes or ditches and running streams. The water from these being taken inte the Manchester Ship Canal. An engineer Mr. George Crossland Taylor, who has resided in the village for about five years, and who has studied and knows the place well, states that the cost for carrying out the undertaking drainage,and sanitary arrangements will not be less than £7,000 besides a regular permanent charge per annum for looking after it. A description is given of the present drainage system, and it is stated that the drainage done in pipes, is done in short lengths and properly trapped and taken a safe distance to pre- vent a nuisance and turned into open ditches which the farmer empties on his land. A deputation from Helsby, consisting of Mr. G. L. Davies, J P., Mr. G. Crossland Taylor, Mr. H Lowe, and Mr. F. Thornley, waited upon the authority to present a petition with respect to the provision of a water supply, and of a sewerage scheme for Helsby. In introducing the deputation Mr. Davies said they wanted something doing as to sewerage, but they felt that they wanted water first. Most of the wells in Helsby did not give a supply of pure water, and tnere had been a great deal of typhoid fever in the township. He and his family had suffered from the disease. The petition said the petitioners considered that the occupiers of Helsby were in need of a good water supply quite as much, if not more, than in need of the sewerage scheme proposed by the Local Government Board and the petitioners humbly prayed that a committee corn. posed of the folhwing owners and occupiers, viz., Messrs. James Brandreth, Frederick Thorely, G. C. Taylor, G. L. Davies, A. J. Briant, Joseph Taylor, Joseph Eilams, Edwin J. Guest, William Guest, James White, Enoch Blythe, Frederick Whiteley, P. Huntington, A. Whalley (secretary Telegraph Company), T. Grime and H. Lowe, witteMr. John Ashton, clerk to the Guardians, and Mr. Farrington, nuisance inspector to advise them and Mr. H. Knight, shorthand writer of Helsby, as secretary, be appointed a parochial committee with full powers to advise the Sanitary Authority as to the require- ment of Helsby Parish, concerning the sewerage scheme and water supply. The petitioners were fully convinced that the water supply of Helsby from wells is in many cases thoroughly contaminated with sewerage, and are a standing danger to the public health, besides lowering the value of property, also the sewerage demands close attention. The petitioners further prayed that Mr. W. H.Radford, C.G.,Nottingham, or other equally competent engineers,to get out the preliminary schemes for the guid- ance of the Parochial Committee, to be carried out as the Authority thought fit. It was stated that the petition had been signed by 122 ratepayers representing considerably more that half the rateable value of the township.—Mr.J.Stokes : Has there been a ratepayers meeting held about this question.— Mr.'Taylor : No. There has been on the water scheme.— Mr.Brandreth : And the meeting went against the water scheme.—Mr. Lowe: By twelve, and the week after- wards they said they would have voted for the scheme. —ln reply to Mr. Stokes, the Clerk said the occupiers would have to bear the cost of a water scheine.—Mr. Stokes : Can we touch the owner.—The Chairman : No. —Mr. Stokes said a water scheme would throw open a 'large area of land for building purposes. The scheme would be for the permanent benefit of the owners and the owners went scot free.—Mr. Taylor said they wanted water and they meant to have it, and they would be prepared to do something towards sewerage.—Mr. Aaron : Then make the owners Of property do it.—Mr. Lowe: You cannot. Mr. Lowe said when he was a member of,the Board he was always against extravag- ance and he was there supporting that petition as an economist. If they got a water scheme they could do with a less sewerage scheme.—The deputation retired and the Board after consideration decided that the ques- tion should be deferred until the ratepayers had been consulted at their annual meeting and that should a parochial Committee be formed the townships of Alvan- ley and Manley should be included.—The deputation were called into the room, and informed of the Authority's decision. THE SMALLPDX EPIDEMIC. EXTRAORDINARY PROCEEDINGS. ' The Committee appointed to deal with the matters connected with the temporary hospital erected at Mosire held a meeting on the 13th inst., when it was decided that the Clerk write to the Manchester Ship Canal Co., I asking for what period they could occupy the present site. Thanks were accorded to Mr. Jackson, contractor for the kind assistance he had rendered in the provision of the hospital. It was resolved that one of Washing- ton Lyons patent steam disinfectors with Alliott and Paton' Vacuum apparatus (patented) be purchased and erected on the land at Moore. Permission waS given li.spector Farrington to travel by rail as far as practi- cable, and otherwise by conveyance, the costs to be defrayed. by the Authority. The medical officer was authorised to prepare rules for the conduct of the nurses and patients at the hospital. At a meeting ef the Com- mittee on the fifteenth inst., the Committee confirmed the resolution passed at the previous meeting and it was further decided that a conveyance be obtained for the removal of bedding and clothing for disinfection, that a man and woman be engaged to assist in the work at the hospital, that Dr. Adams be appointed to provide medi- cal attendance at the hospital at a salary of £5 ss. per week, the appointment to be determined by a months' notice; that contribution orders be made on the respective overseers for such an amount as one penny in the £ on the rateable value of the Authority's district would produce.—Mr. J. M. Williams chairman of the Committee, proposed tha adoption of the minutes.—Mr. Heywood seconded Mr. Aaron and Mr. Wilkinson pro- tested agitiajat paying five guineas a week to a superin- tendent of the hospital.—Mr. Williams and Mr. Heywood urged that the remuneration was not excessive for the duties to be performed.—Dr, Adams said as be had told the Committee, he preferred not to have the appoint- ment.—The minutes were approved without dissent.— Several members of the Committee said they would have retired from the Committee had the minutes been rejected..—Mr. Stokes moved that the Committee be strengtheeed by other members of the Authority, but Mr. Heywood moved that the Committee be constituted of the whole authority. The amendment was carried. The Medical Officer reported that since the last meet- ing, there had been three cases of smallpox at Stockton Heath, one at Walton, one at Rock Savage, and one at Halton.—Mr. Stokes mentioned a case where the patient was visited be neighbours and children, and said until there was better isolatiOn, and some means of prevent- ing such intercourse, they need net be surprised at the spread of infectious diseases.—Dr. Adams also gave an example of how the disease was spread.— -Mr. Weir said at Stockton Heath two women visited a patient and then entered a Warrington 'bus. The driver on; being

told where they had been, turned them out, and the,' then attempted tfs enter another 'bus.—Dr. Adams said there was no law to prevent that.—Several Members The sooner there is and the better.—Mr. Parr said this smallpox was going to be a very costly affair, and it was not a very good time to put extra expense on the ratepayers, but he thought they were like Bealain's ass and bore the burden very patiently. He thought if Lard Egerton were properly approached by a nice letter from the Authority, asking him to contribute towards the ex- pense he would do so. He was a large land owner ia the district, a good landlord,Chairman of the Ship Canal Co., and when he was member of Parliament for that division for some years, las had the support of the far' mere and the landed interest and past favours, he cOO- - called for some gratitude. He proposed that such a letter be sent.—Mr. Wilkinson seconded tee motion.—Mr.Stokes said he had intended to have owe a resolution on similar lines with respect to the Shill Canal.—Mr. Parr: If it had not been for the Ship Canal we should not have had the disease.—The Chairman moved an amendment that Mr. Parr be deputed to Moe the facts before his lerdship. (Laughter.)—Mr. seconded.—Mr. Parr : I don't agree with that at all. What is the good of one single individual, it is preposter- ous. (Laughter.) The subject was referred to the Cuu''' mittee. Mr. Leader Williams wrote-with respect to the Sinali- pox Hospital at Moore, that the Ship Canal Co. could not consent to the building remaining permanently 00 their land, but there would be no difficulty in giving tile Authority the use of the hospital until the end of ttic year. The Local Government Board, in acknowledeing letter from the Authority with reference to the provisi‘!a of a temporary infectious diseases hospital for them district, stated that where it was not intended to by means of a loan the expense of providing hospital accommodation for cases of infectious disease, the Board's sanction is not required, as the Author possessed the requisite site power under section 131 01 the Public Health Act, 1875, including the power of Pro. vidin,g, the requisite nursing and medical attendants. At the same time,the Board stated they were not iri tha habit of entertaining applications as to loans for teo- porary hospital buildings except in certain cases whelal these buildings may be in extension of existing perrna7' ent • accommodation on approved sites.—The Board g experience of temporary hospitals is that they are rarelY adapted to their intended purposes and that they ha,V. often acted as det.rren's to the provision of accommous. tlon suited to the requirements of the district. At a later meeting of the Authority Mr. Pair acal" brought forward his motion, Mr. Stokes seconding. After some discussion the motion was allowed to drop.

.0111 eff• jP vnal far- ;ow hat, the ade

Or, ark, i 110 ter"

all- oft the the

===== 0002601_18930225_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COAL CRISIS.

POSITION AT ST. HELENS AND fIAYDOCS. Mr. Thomas Glow r, J.P., miners' agent for the Helens district, states that the present condition of tb° coal trade throughout England, Scotland, and its eff.ec:, upon the local trade will be fully considered at a meet'n of St. Helens miners in the Town Hall,to-day (Saturday)' It will then be left to the general body of men to vot'e and say whether they arc willing to carry the resolution proposed by the executive for a general holiday, nr whether they wish some other step ,to be taken at the National Conference next week. Mr. Glover, in his dr- cular, says there are two districts—viz., Cumberland and Cleveland, which belong to the Federation of area; Britain, who are being asked for a general reduction 81 per cent., and in Lancashire, Yorkshire, and the, Midland counties there are six or eight thousand miner' out of work through pits being stopped and resisting l'1" duction in wages. All the counties outside the Miner? Federation of Gfeat Britain are (Mr. Glover says) beinK pressed to suffer further reductions in wages, and tb° St. Helens miners are urged " to be in earrost to protec: their wages." Mr. Glover will represent St. Helens a' the National Conference next week. Messrs. Richard Evans and Co., proprietors of extell Ave mines at St. Helens, Haydock, Ashton, 001b°114 and other places, states that their output for 1892 h been larger than it was in 1891. In that year it amounteo to 1,193,727 tons, and during the year 1892 itls 046 1,237,113 tons, making an increase of 43,388 tons- 0, the month of March, 1892,there was a general stoePag„ at the instance of the Miners' Fedeeatien, of one wee" and it was estimated that the stoppage, decrease the output by at least 25,000 tons. Darin the whole of the year, 1892 prices were gradually ' dining. In describing the extensions of mines the dire's tors say :—The opening out of the mouthings in lowest mines at King Pit have been completed, anu,- connection made between that pit and the PrinceSS ~m and these coals are now temporarily wound at the 101, Pit. The sinking of Princess Pit has been completed" the Rushy Park and Little Dell mines have been reaen"" The mouthings a; e finished, and the work of opcol out the main road is being rapidly proceeded 19:id These mines which are now being opened out yZeig superior household coals. The Princess Pit, vi."tig completed and in full working,will be capable of turntle.• out 1,000 tons of coal per day. The sinkings in the w 4 and 5 Southport Pits, l'arr, St. Helens, have beetV.lo pleted and Wigan Nine Feet. the Rushy Park and ul,rhe Delph mines have been reached in these winnings- mouthings have been corn pleted,and the necessary t:,r are being driven wfth all possible rapidity for the Pi is pose of opening out and working these mines. Clree new being wound at these pits,which should Taiga_ ' 1,500 to 2,000 tons per day when in full work. The tee - counts for the -ear ending Dec. 31, 1892, includitarot income from the property of the company, show ti3,,,ted of £57,865. From this amount has to be de',u,,ncer £15,833, written off for depreciation, leaving a barbeen being net profit for 1892, of £42,022. There ls paid £13,408 debenture interest and £11,772 in" The dividend, leaving an available balance of £l6,B43;f_cear . directors recommend a dividend for the past bn't.,-ohi of 34 per cent., less income-tax, making with t Aicie terim dividend of 24 per cent, paid in July last a dend at the rate of £8 per cent, per annum,lees ince of tax. That will absorb £18,480, leaving a balaa rofit • £382 to be carried forward to the credit of ttleXt and loss account, and this, with the balance of '{;nce brought forward at January 1, 1892, leaves a Ida of £6,707. her The directors ef this great firm furnish Soule futorettie ' details of their property, and the working of skateholders. fhey have a large brickworks, end „sime' , that the manufacture of bricks continues to be 'Vet I ratively carried on. The fixed and movable Plan eat I not only been maintained in an efficient condition;iig considerable additions have been made to it. nega I freehold properties heloneing to the company, they Tee that no additions have been made during the yoPK:,, company have been enabled during 1892 to cont)tdie'ohie ting building plots on ground rents, and a eonsi h lea Se. I number of cottages have been erected on sun- sons, holds, and many others are in course of building: to the small additions by purchase have been lnane free' Ileasehold lands and buildings. A valuation of t )te hold mines made in January, 1893, shows the Pf`reas value of the company's freehold minerals to-day as it was on the date at which the coaae'3,, the r taken over by the company from the vendor! le. mines being opened out are brought into presenrs_!votie The directors have, therefore, brought into tlie,roatsel account for the year the amount representing ti °a th value of the coals got from the freehold minese.iø company during the period covered by the aceou te inter,* , directors have considered it desirable, in the on th ' of the company, to make a call of £2 per 5htc.31,998' Val partly paid shares,which will realise the sum 0 the They have given the option to the holderseqs. shares of paying the call in one or two instahn„npoprebe. balance sheet for the year ending the net , shows liabilities as follows i—Alletted shares, *he`fnad, First Mortgage Debenture, £275.000 ; reserve tt lost/ £35,000 ; sundry creditors, £70,450 ; prof account, £23,188 ; total, £886,595, ineludin'e' it ra64,707.te be carried forward to next account. On the otdilue,l6s7' freehold lands, mines, &c., purelmsed areings, £130,582 ; additional leasehold lands, b u.,, "814 ; filcad'A. purchased durieg 1890, 1891, and 1892, £53, _ ,erio hi and movable plant purchased during 5517.1ti,yd £520.325, which sum, less depreciation, is arecret,, £45,137. The total a asetß—incl udi n,g flats al.!d, ,56,066 £13,387 •, wagons, £73,069 ; stock on haw 00,9' and sundry debtors, £71,872 —amounted to £ the 1),1r"_of 001 vid e of the Federationists to enforce a general stoPcaFm a ' that ,a;n A Cardiff correspondent telegraphs work in the South Wales and Monmouthshire rooiP ,e.. •finds little favour. The men, however, ha,rtricts to" stop" for a month if all other colliery wo do the same.

I

----- 1 THE Baar NIGUTCAP.—Ifave your sheets VVlll—et fret' Hudson's Soap, and they will always be sweet as 11 u oe4,:e ~,0 as sea breezes. There will be,none of the dis4V.....pil, smell, so objectionable in other soaps.—il pure Dry V. tine powder.—Adrt. (2).

the rect ing iy)• rote Lion

, or LI and rr of the nerS • to' Lors F!ing the teeg at ten' )00 hal ltea wa9

age* eek. ring de- rec. the pit.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
le

to tEs. &int t stop Alte :6,8z Elor 47,

Birk .6 15:7 walv, Eirn si, 1

olt I 25, 7 43, 6 „e€tri

174, „,8

G I 5 , c 1p 4

q I 44,1 I 3 a 2 z Izl oki

10 141 ; 4, a. 144'

s 3

===== 0002601_18930225_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

FEBRUARY- Pl2Oll WARRINGTON TO A14:411" 2lon -5 20.7 10,9 55, 11 4). 1223, 2 32, 3 48, 6 21, 6 29, *.• Sundays 8 43, 60. 2448. t°Bnußnrdiadygs 10 10,7 e-715. 35' 8 28, 10 45, 1 42, 2 35, 515, 535, Aint ? Q._ •I'cr- 712, 16. a 3 8, 49 10. Sundays 9 40, 25, 835. ' ...Ps it required. Mtcar and Hillhouse-7 12, 16. a 4 0. a 6 33. Sundays 9 40, a Stops if required. 181"tn-2 43, 620. 545. 955, 1140, 1223, 232. 3 48, 6 29, ... Sundays 240, 543. 335. Eirkenl,ad-7 40, 1025, 150. 317. 5 11, 6 47, 742. Et • irftl'ag6arn (L & N .W.) a 3 23,7 50, 828, 9 50. 1158, 1 42, '454115,;.7 28,11 35• Sundays 2 57, 10 15, 4 40, 1136. a Mondays i ainn„ingharn (M.S.& L.)-6 11, 9 58, 11 55, 12 27, 12 55, 5 0, 52. Sundays 515 p.m. Bu-,',lc*hurn-5 45,'8 35, 955, 12 23, 2 32, 3 48,6 21, 6 29, 847. uay. 3 43. 60. 1 4t*elc1)001-5 20, 5 45. 9 55, 11 40, 12 23, 2 32,3 48, 629, 717, 11,.) Sundays e 40, 8 43 6 0. gas 1„ton--7 10. 8 25, 919. 10 15, 10 40, 1 15, 2 40, 3 30, 4 21, 4 40, 17. 8 33. Sundays 843,50. 747. 43,e31-5 45, 955, 12 23, 2 32, 3 43, 6 29, 847. Sundays ( 60. 1 -alllsla--2 40, 5 20. 545, 9 55. 11 40, 1223, 2 32, 348. 40°,113182 40 a.m., 3 35 p.m• 488u*ster-7 40. 9 5, 10 25, 12 7, 12 15, 1 40, 1 60. a 225, 317. t as,' 511. 64, 7 42, 1014, 11 32. Sundays 8 44, 745, 1132. u MaYs only. ' 7 ,i'lins oreen-7 10, 8 20, 10 35, 12 7, 240, 3 48, 440. 610, 6 0 55, lo 20, Sundays 8 43, 60. 21 '-'-a2 57. b 3 23,1 10, 8 28, 9 50, 10 45, 121, 1 42, 150, 11 ~., 41, 5 15, 728, 826, 1135. Sundays 257, 1015, 440, a M .1 rt bMondm s only. bare - 011 /IV 8 exo,pte..... - . Iblry-7 40, 95. 12 15, 1 50. 3 17, 5 11. 6 4,7 42, 10 14. 1), 5.8 8 44, t ~ 0'- 6 11, 9 6, 9 53, 1155, 12 27, 1255, 50. 555, 11 52 ** 5 15 p.m. le'owil - 2 45, a 4 45. 545, 710, 820, 825, 835, 919, 4:. 10 15, . 10 40. 127, 12 18, 12 23, 1 10. 1 15, 2 40, 3 18, 3 30, ' 11 ..' ' 21, 4 49, 540, 6 10. 625. 78, 717, 833, 555, 10 15, ' 84' Sundays 2 45, 7 35, 7 40, 8 43, 3 35, 4 56, 5 0, 60, 7 47, 6 aSatordays only. . 11,2°T,„'s-a4 45,5 45 7 10,1 15, 3 13, 3 30. 4 21.4 40, 7 8. 7 17, - " 20. &Ina:pi' 7 40,8 43, 50,6 0, 7 48, 8, 58. aMondays , :14601,5i:dz.,: tiF_..er2:o, 520. 9 65, 11 40, 110, 232. & Penketh-7 38, 8 25, 940, 1148, 1 29, 4 31, 6 15, 80,9 8. Sundays a 48, 2 40. 7 50. 115-;711 (Cheshire Line.)-7 12, 7 56, 95, a 9 25, 1040, 120. . "O`',. 46, 529, 6 10, 570, 80. c 9 30, dlO 15, 11 39. Sun- •sikl, '2, 957, 1125, 23 ', 75, 9 18, 10 10. a and dSaturdays llspit•Runs 5 miautes later on Saturdays. cSaturdays ex- -4 1451,"g°‘*-2 40, 520, 955, 11 40, 1 10. 235. Sundays 240, 710, 835. 1140, 1223, 1 10, 3 42..5 40, 78, ~ Su: ,to• Sundays 843,60. ' 429 '''''' Green-7 56 95, a 9 25, 1040, 120, 1 15, 25.4 0, 118: 6 10, 633, 570,, 926, 1015. Sundays 93, 1125. 232, , In saturd aMondays and Saturdays only. bßuns 5 minutes later IrIR 40 4. 1114., n 42 and Cadishead- 6 57, 7 55, 821. 2 25, 70, 9 15. Sun- ,' 10 17. 312. 5 15, 9 31. 849 leld'ord-Pnl Pro' Ar ley Station-6 20, 7 28. 83,9 0, 9 58, 58. ' 1° 54, 12 38, 1 16, 2-38. 3 50. 4 15, 5 18, 6 13. 7 8, a 7 45, .: LiveBnadays 8 56. 38, 818. aSaturdays only. 1 127 ?Pool (L. & N.-W.)-525, 7 10, 820, 8 35, 105, 1035, 486. 110 24'), 4 40, 78, 10 20. Sundays § 20, 7 35, 8 43, 3 28. ~_,1,, 6„°,942, 945. '4 S 8 R'r,P°o„ I (Cheshire Lies)-a4 24, 530, b 6 25, 7 20, 756, i lt 6'7 '',.,u• 95, 950, 10 25, 10 35. 10 40,10 57, 1150, 12 0, 12 5 , ' !la A 5, 1 50. 25, 2 50, 3 32, 350,40, 4 50. 5 29. 5 60, 6 10. "9, 7 0, 7 50, 8 0, 8 50,9 5, 9 18, 9 32, 10 10,10 42, 1139. ' 451 -"" 430, 5 30. 9 3,9 57, 11 25, 220, 232, 75, 8 30, 9 18, ~ 0 10 71 1 '401;r1 .. aExcept Mon lays. niondays only. ,t 1 (L.& ,w)_2 57, b 3 21. 950. 1045. 11 58. 2 11, 9 -..!.1. 1135, Sundays 2 67, 10 15, 4 40, 11 35. aMondays 41:711,, • bMendays only. 555 il°ll.(Sinlland)-6 11, 96. 1146, 1255, 21?. 46, 50. L;,-,","' 11 52, Sundays .350. 4 30. 5 15. !Se' -Vl)., -6 20 7 28, 83, 9 0, 9 58, 1049, 10 54, 12 38, 1 16,2 38, 1111' 'l5 518. 6 3, 78, a 7 45, 98, 1140. Sundays 846.35, • Bi. attudays only- 1146..;,hester (L. & i4.-W.)-2 45, a 4 45, 546, 7 10, 8 25, 919, 8444 12 18. 1. 15, 2 0, 3 18,4 21 4 40, 6 40, 62, 7 17,8 33, 10 20. 1i1a,.,4)-a 2 45, 7 40, 8 43, 50, 60, 6 47. aMondays only. , '-, 32,9 u'''cl*"ler (Cheshi, a Lines)-6 57, 7 55, 821, 847, 855. • 45, 4 65, 5 46, 5 55, 6 27, 655, 70', 7 35, 7 55, 8 10, 3, '3 199, , 8 55, 915, 930, 1147. Sundays 856, 935, 1016, 14114,4' 5 13. 7 ' 3, 9 15, 9 25. 9 58. 1104`ewich-7 60, 1045. al 42. 2 35, 5 35. 7 28. aSata. only. N. ~,,e-7 50, 1 42, 2 35, 535, 728. Sundays 1015. 10 13''' ',EI-le-Willows-2 45, a 4 45, 546, 7 10, 825, 835, 919, 525 '7l 40, 12 18, 12 23, 1 15, 2 40, 3 18, 3 30, 4 21, 4 40, 5 40, 1143: 3ik 7.17, 833, 855, 10 15, 1020. Sundays 246, 7 40, . 5d gat' .0,6 0, 7 47, 9 45. aMondays only. 41• Sus gate-6 57, 7 55, 820, 1 ' 21, 12 32, 2 25, 527, 70, 8 31, . Prey. 1)(111:1's 856 10 17, 3 50, 5 15, 9 31. •29' • 72 40, 52 5 45, 8 35' 9 55. 11 40, 12 23, 2 35, 348, I lb, 17. 8 47, 1)15,. sundays2 40, 8 43. 3 35, 60, 9 45. g t 9 1028, 11 48' 129, a 152, 3 20, 5 12,6 15, Ire 8 a7t 4 285:3n1y. I• 4 40, 510 ens-7 10. 8 20, 8 35, 10 5, 10 35. 12 7, 1 10, 3 30, 3 48, , Thowaiii 8%13 65, 1020. Sundays 7 35, 8 43, 60, 9 45. . 45. 4 12-, 20. 725 80, ' 857. 955. 10 46, 1235, 1 13, 235, .Arple statton. ' 9 15, 6 lu' 7 5 95. Sundays 8 46, 35, 815. wiz N -W.)_._7 38, 8 25, 9 40, 10 28, 11 48, 1 29, *Sat d 9°, 512 - ...,ur aYs Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50. TY n 3'• 2,3 id ” (Cheshire Lines) 756, 90, 100, 1040, 12 0,1 15, 29, 610, 70. 932. bundays 93, 940, 232. 20. 5 45. 7 10. 8 35. 9 55, 10 40, 11 40. 12 23. 44,4 4n 50, 843 • a 5, 3 48, 0 354 J, 6 29, 717. 847. 855, 10 15, 1020. Sun- ' , 35 , 6 , 9 45. •

Sundays

i

i

TO WARRINGTON FROM t° 5 7 40.9 43. 105. 1 48, 420. 72, "9 55. Sun 44Y'10 4u 4 -15 715 "(aturdays only. iridge:-..76_39: 7_55, 852, 11 45, 38, 51, 6 44, 829. 6 a, Sundays 53, q 33. _ 29. 1 3), 723, alO 4: 810 34. Sundays 94, 241, ktalr.drxcer Mondays and Saturdays. bMondays and Is..?'lll,taro) odnll'illhouse-9 14, 116, 7 13, a 9 49, b 101.9. Sun- -404u,„„f 25T1, 2 26. 8 17. aExcept Mondays and Saturdays. gtjtl..mlys and Mondays only. _ 14I" 5. w-7 0, 855. 10, 2 55, 5 43, 90. Sundays 445 p.m., "abatirn2recaballead-;6 0, 7 30, 9 55, 1 15, 1 55, a 2 10, 5 10, 620. 25, Birn'irlYgallaTY(L. & N.-W.)-3 10. 60, 9 55, 3 45, 550, 11 11' 15- Sundays 3 10,8 45,12 15, 70. 1115. °lolngliam Z• (11 & .)-5 5, 8 50. 11 35, I 23, 2 40, 5 48, 11 15. Sulaay' Ls 4 30, , 11 .9. 40. 13.sTkburn-8 35:10 43, 1230, 18, 2 10, 755. Sundays 80, 7 55. 410 ,aOl (Talbot Road)-8 15, 8 40, 953. 10 35.11_50,1 22! s '7 I.', 835, 100. Sundays 725. 1 40, 515, 7_235. 1 115 _ __ 20, c6)"°"81001 (Central) -80. 827, 855. 955, 10 25,_. 315. 8 15. Sundays 7 10, 1 20, 4 55, 7 4 "54'41-5 45• 8 0 845 915. 1035, 1230, 120, 245, 420, `4 7 25 n, • 8 30. 10 40. Sundays 820. 6 10, 920. 36,P6 Y-7 5, 9 35, 11. 26, 11. 32, 1 31, 6 40. Sundays 7 36. 'l4/11 xf'--6 50, 8 40, 12 23, 1 40, 4 20, 5 38. 8 41. 12 5. Sun- ) "IL. 4 30. 8 41 em. 41, 3'd°l-7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 1012, 115. 11 45,12,5 2 1500: 6'. 55, 5 30, 6 35, 7 35, 80, 2 0 Sunday. 630. 6 °. 51r6 39 7 16. 842, 1014. 1238. 14. 210. 330, cre„,.", 0 34, 6 23. 7 47, 9 1,,8 13 9 15. 11 5, 11 10, 12 0, 157 10 46. Sundays 8 10,7 .15. 3, 4 42, 6 0, 6 40, 416 3 33. 540 65, 85, 8 15, 9 30. Sundays 23, 4 42, 0, 9 5, 7-3"71-I,Y-8 16, 1017, 1143, 247, 542, 811. Sundays "Ys 6 18 30 8 15, 1020, 1 10. 35. 345, 450. 70,83. Sun- -6 50. wll-1.6 59, 720, 843, 8 46. 9 29. 10 18, 11 26, 1250, 54. 2 15;2 26, 4 38, 5 32, 5 .53, 6 26. 8 38, 9 12, 920, ::.ee,uit,bo:rng,:a:9 3 9 83,3 4, 9 52, 9 59, 10 3, 4 0. 7 23. -1,5• "-"B 16'. 78, 810 9 47,5 23, 932. Sundays 847, 9 16, 10 20, 20,6 0, 9 10. Sundays 850, 100, asaturdays only. .1;6 -2.T5 Terry & -Penketh-7 12, 92. 938, 12 27, 2 17, 337, °4• 857, Sundays 832, 257. 87. 24.19,1 a (Cheshire Lines)-5 54, 627, 7 50, 9 0,9 50. 125, 4 52. 515, 553, 657, 857, 1121. Sundays 623. 44k 40, 3 17, 4 42. 651 854. 940. s°'4•'---9 30, 10 15, '2 0, 5 50, 95. Sundays 10 5, 5 50 qOl 144 z borne__ 5„ 6 44, 8 26. 10 22, 12 27, I 54, 4 26, 5 35, 8 29, 91, slo,ays 9 40, 7 0. 4" Green-6 36, 83, 825, 910, 103, 1 14, 1 54. 2 21, d 7 11, 911 11 34. Sundays 8 37, 9 20, 3 31, 4 55, 9 10. "49% C 9 560 1 13,5 4, 852, 11 20. Sun- , 10 alB IPAd 7 - 38 'At '4, 8 50, 8 45. 955 (:I,4.'llf'DT(l-8 13 40 9,28 106, 1117, 120, al 45. 213, 2 4 722115 46, 6 'i, 6 49', 7 49, 91, 9 56, 11 27. Sundays 8 33, aSaturdays only. Haturdays excepted- s' 50 ia 'I(L. & N.-W.)-a2 35, 8430. 6 , 80, 920, 1150, las°, 325 430 335 75, 8 35, 10 5, 11 0. aMondays ,44 (9-enSterla?;--p t 5 45. 6 10, 7 30, 8 30, 8 40, 8 43. 93, I .1030 1120, 1130, 720. 1230. 1240, 130, 1 50, 20. tso • 3 40. 430 440, 455.530,533,630,635,730,80, 93, a 1045. 11 0, 11 30. Sundays 80, 9 0, 230, 630 8 30, 8 33, 9 30, aMondays and Saturdays .6 a & 15. 715. 730 1030. 1230, 2 10, lap 10 0 120. un S da 100, 50, 'lOO, 120. 120,41°4 (111: 15, 10 5,12 10, 2 0, 4 0 50„ a 9 15, dland)-5 12 0 5 0 Sk2-• ."4 411-9 ;78- 3 327 9-2-0,-9 58., 10 12, 11 9, 1 11, al 37, 25. 2 785 38, 5 59, 641, 7 41, 853. 948. 11 19. Sundays -4,600,2 e'si r Y"25- aSaturdays_only. bSaturclays excepted. c'e11235N2V5174 ~) 6 0, 7 0, 8 0, 8 50, 9 0, 9 40. 110, 39,345,425,510,60, 7 5, 9 20. 141 Y: 11 Q Sunday; 8 0, 830, 90. 60, 10 40. aSaturdays 2:!;4ae13 ae; -8.11,1er (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 20, 8 12, 8 30. a 9 0, 49116: 85 380', P, 10 45. 11 30. 12 30. 12 45, 1 30, 2 30. 3 30, 4 30, 4 'lO qo lu? 6 30. 7 30, 8 30. 8 23, 11 0. Sundays 8 30, 9 15, 41 1 -0, 25, 630, 85, 525, 9 30. aMondays and Altd,,JB Only. litos.leYrich.-6 58 1057, 2 42, 61. 450?.."---7 0, 9 6 11 55, 320. 516 657. Sundays 715, 448. 3 12 ws 655 720, 727. 8 39, 924, 109, 11 23, 46. 1 41 a°l 28-. 1 48, 3 3, 4 7, 4 35, 4 55, 5 49,..6 23, 7 30, ' 27: 9 55. 1..1 8, bll 43 Sundays 8 30, 9 49, 100, 355. 0 and bSaturdays only. s'4stt--7 51, 8 28, 8 31: 859. 10 9, 1 25, 5 17, 9 16. Sun- ? 6 re„tol; 11 20. 12. saitS. 9as '-27, 550. 95, 1010, 11 15, 11 20 125, 1 54, 425, w 47. Sundays 27. 835, 3 15, 6 10, 1047. 8236. excepted. &Monday mornings only. 56'1'6 65, 8 39, 9 10, 10 22, 11 50, 1 30, 3 16, 4 40, 5 40 , a"5.3 n-e"ns-6 25 7 20 8 28, 915, 10 0, 11 15, 12 5. 1 30, ''s'33 5,0, 5 15, 6 10;7 20, 90, 10 30, 1120. Sundays 740, q %ells ,• 12 b5',4,11-8 9. 8 36 9 24, 10 2, 11 13, 1 15, al 41. 29, 255. - 29: 7-2"o`• 63. 6 45, '745, 857, 9 52, 1123. Sundays 829, aSaturdaYs only. &Saturdays excepted. 40,(6.. & N.-W.)-710, 856,928, 10 33. 12 18, 1 4, 2 10, O. 5 55, 6 46, 8 50, 11 6. Sundays 8 24, 2 50. 7 59, • tc270,,93;A:..C3te,,,=5hi1r9e, Lines)-8 30.9 15, 109, 1112. 1225. 127. , 15. 69, 7 16. 7 56. 9 16. Sundays 8 42. 3 36. a 236 b 3 5 31 10 10 1120, 12 15, 1 43. Zs' 15 6", 8 18. 9 Sunday. 236. , 3 47, 50: ,4 54. 5 25, 8 10, 8 10 . . La 13. alixclat Mondays, 9Mondays only.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DEMANDS OF MILITARISM.

A meeting under the auspices of the Wycliffe Young People's Society, Warrington, was held on Monday evening, when a deputation ,froir the Liverpool Branch of the Peace Society spoke on the above named subject. There was a good atten- dance. The Rev. John Tong° briefly introduced Mr. Lewis to the meeting. Mr. Lewis said by militarism he net only meant preparation for war, but war itselt. He not only meant those demands which were taking place, but also those demands which had been met in times gone by, and he also included the demands upon tne nation for the soldier. The devotees of this god of war claimed that to prevent war it was necessary to prepare ourselves for war, an,d also that the training of the soldier was good for his physique. The English navy had between 500 or 600 floating machines, and yet they still wished to increase it in order to make it larger than two other nations combined. There were about 300 admirals in this country, or enough to supply the whole world. The Speaker referred to the boys brigade, and to the action of the late Postmaster General in introducing military drill into the telegraph service. Mr. Lewis also gave statistics showing the great de- mends %bat bad been made for human life. He con- tended that militarism stepped in between man and God, as it demanded that man should obey his superior officer, even if against his own conscience.—Mr. James Crossfield moved the following resolution :—" That this meeting petitions Parliament to take the necessary steps to induce H.M.'s Government to open up communica- tions with the President of the United States with a view to the conclusion of a treaty of arbitration between this country and America, for the settlement of any international disputes that may arise."—Mr. Crosfield in support of the resolution instanced the amicable feel- ing existing between Great Britain and America, since the settlement of the Alabama claims. Although the sum paid by Great Britain was considered by many people exorbitant, he calculated that if war had taken place between the two nations' more money would have been spent in one month with a less satis- factory result. When nations went to war it did not always follow that the conquerors were in the right. Referring to our policy in Egypt and Uganda he ridi- culed many of the reasons given in support of con- tinuing our occupations of those countries. Re said it was quite surprising to see the great interest that bad arisen with regard to missionary enterprise, by those who had hitherto taken little or no interest in it. He hoped we were nct going to have a second Egypt in Uganda. He would like to hear of a branch of the Peace Society being formed in Warrington.—Mr. Farrar seconded the resolution, which was supported by Mr. Birch and Mr. rickavance, and carried with only one dissentient. A vote of thanks to Mr. Lewis, Mr. Cross- field, and the Rev. J. Yonge was passed on the propo- sition of Councillor Greening, seconded by Mr. R.Wylie. A petition to Parliament bearing the resolution as ' largely signed at the close of the meeting.

SENSATIONAL EPISODE IN A BANK.

A sensation was caused at Gurney's Bank, Norwich, on Saturday, by a farmer named William Wright, of Norfolk, cutting his throat with a clasp knife, while his nephew, who accompanied him, was counting slips in a banking transaction. Wright died about twe hours afterwards, at the Norfolk and Norwich Illspital, to which place he had been conveyed. The affair took place during the busiest hours at the bank, about torty or fifty customers being present at the time. Family bereavements are said to account for the mental aberra- tion of the deceased.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. DE COBAIN ON HIS DEFENCE.

Mr. de Cobain, late member for East Belfast, who was remanded on Saturday on certain criminal charges, was released at a late hour on Sunday night, the necessary bail having been lodged with the police. Mr. de Cobain, who remained in gaol from Saturday afternoon until the production of the bail, went after his release to his resi- dence at Hampton House, which he owns, together with other property in Belfast. The local detective depart- ment are busily engaged completing the evidence for the resumption of the case to-day (Saturday). Mr. de Cobain, who vehemently protests his innocence, has been in Belfast since the end of January,

===== 0002601_18930225_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EIGHT HOURS' DILL

DEPUTATION OF MINERS TO MR. GLADSTONE. The Prime Minister has consented to receive a deputa- tion from the National Miners' Federation on the after- noon of March 3, in favour of an eight hours' working day. The right hon. gentleman will on the same occa- sion receive a deputation from the miners of Aberdare and.Merthyr, who desire to urge reasons against the pro- posed legal limitation of the hours of labour. Mr. D. A. Thomas, one of the members for Merthyr, intends to move the rejection of the Miners' Eight Hours Bill when it comes up for second reading in the House of Commons.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PAYMENT OF MEMBERS. MR. LABOUCII2IRE'S BILL.

- - -- Mr. Labouchere, in his bill to authorise the payment of members for their Parliamentary services, intends to propose that the payment to each member should be 15s. per diem all the year round, with an addition of a season ticket between London and the locale of the con- stituency he represents. The clause as to how the money is to be paid has to be left out, as a member can- not make a charge upon the Treasury ; but if the Bill reach the Committee stage, it can be recommitted in order that the point may be dealt with. The names OR the back of the bill, in addition to Mr. Labouchere's, are those of Sir Charles Dilke, Dr. Hunter, Mr. 11. T. Reid, Mr. Jacoby, Mr. Kearley, Dr. Clark, Mr. Picton, Mr. S. T. Evans, and Mr. Storey.

- for Broken Articles, sa. and Is. postage, 2d. Sold everywhere, %some and abroad.—Advt.

ADVICE TO MOTHERS I—Are you broken in your rest by sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth? Go at Once to a chemist and get a bottle of Ma& WlNaLOw's SOOTHING SYRUP. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button." It soothes the child. It softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and lathe best known remedy for dysentry and diar- rheas, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs. Winslow's soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine dealers every- where at Is. lid. per bottle.-441.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
A WONDEAFUL MEDICINH.

BEECHAM'S PILLS ARE universally admitted to be worth a Guinea a Box for Bilioas and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fullness and Swelling after Meals, Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings ot Heat, Loa of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Scurvy and Blotches on the Skin, Die- turbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb- ling Sensations, &c. The first dose will give relief in twenty minutes. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try one Boxot these Fills, and they will be acknowledged to be

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. For females of all ages these Pills are invaluable, as a ea doses of them carry off all humours, and bring about all that Is required. No female should be without them. There is no medicine to be found equal to Beecham's Pills for removing any obstruction or irregularity of the system. If taken ac- cording to the directions given with each box, they will soon restore females of all ages to sound and robust health. This has been proved by thousands who have tried them, and found the benefits which are ensured by their me. For a Weak Stomach, Impaired DigesCon, and all Disorders of the Liver, they act like magic, and a few doses will be found to work wonders on the most important organs in the human machine. They strengthen the whole muscular system. restore the long lost complexion, bring back the keen edge of appetite, and arouse into action with ebe rosebuß of health the whole physical energy of the human frame. These are FACTS testified continually by members of all classes of society, and one of the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debilitated BEECHAM'S PILLS have the Largest Sale of any Patent Medicine in the World.

BEECHAM'S MAGIC COUGH PILLS. As a remedy for Coughs in general, Asthma, WenChia Affections, Hoarseness, Shortness of Breath, Tightness and Oppression of the Chest. Wheezing, Ac., these Pills stand lin rivalled. They are the best ever offered to the public, and Will speedily remove that sense of oppression and difficulty of breathing which nightly deprive the patien of rest. Let any person give BEECHAM'S COUGII PILLS a trial, and the most violent Cough will in a short time be removed.

Prepared only, and Sold Wholesale and Retail, by the Pro prietor, Thomas Beecham, St. Helens, Lancashire, in Boxes is. lid. and 2s. 9d. each. Sold by all Drnggists and Patent Medicine Dealers every where. N.8.--Fall directions are riven erlth each boa.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25. 1 93. ‘s,

V

E

===== 0002601_18930225_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
11u OWNIOUT lYcwst'

E LI MA

===== 0002601_18930225_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
MBROCAFIO

la 3-1

complaint+, Mattresses stretched a • true. We prove that ours will not stretch. years we -

will

replace with new ones. To be had from THOMAS SUTTON, Sale Rooms, Legh Street. THE LONGFORD WIRE Co. Limited WARRINGTON.

THE

===== 0002601_18930225_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' TRUE FRIEND!

A BOON TO WOMAN-KIND H ..r T ADTES—read this, and you will obtain particulars '• .1.4 of the most SA I RACULOUS MEDICINE " for all irregularities and Obstructions ever introduced • ' to the Public. You may have tried Pills, Powders, useless recipes and other advertised so-called remedies, and all in, vain. THOUSANDS OF Females have been relieved, Health restored, and DOCTORS' f BILLS SAVED by this Medicine, which is the only teal and RELIABLE REMEDY of the Age. Perfectly harmless and WONDERFULLY EF- FECTUAL. stamped addressed envelope for Price List and Copies of Testimonials, which are guaranteed genuine, under a Penalty of £l,OOO open to lupe°. tiou and investigation.

This Remedy has ben

TRIED AND PROVED BY THOUSANDS. THE HiCHEST REWARD OF MERIT IS CONTINUED POPULARITY.

W. E . DAS MAI L, Walthamstow. (E5T.10,13 (Entered at Stationers hail).

===== 0002601_18930225_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
SWIFT GOLD MEDAL 44- IiEW HARRISIN ~ _ . oti • I V T'.4".441'1 •i. ..` Wool, Silk, or Cotton. 7.7 v KNITS Stockings. Clothing in 'r • Lists i'il. per Post. TRIUMPHANT AWARDat , PARIS. The only WINNER In the woRLD of „ S Gold Medals. A,. h, kers uf the SUN ResMless Stocking Rabbet.. Unstick Oilirk 77. ,OT.. LONDON •—itlll HARRISON KNITTING' Alumni' Co. Works, 48, 171•PI.11. 1111.00 K ST., ukticussnia.

Oxroa,

===== 0002601_18930225_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
L IMIT YOUR FAMILY by a new invention, four stamps for sample.—G. ANDREW, 54, Perth Road, London, N.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
MIXCHANGE for Stamped Envelope for particulars. Mar- Lady has a most valuable harmless recipe for ladies.—Mrs. BAYLEY, Broad-st., Nottingham.

I rWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS fox Females, quickly correct all irregularities, realove all 1 obstructions, and relieve the distressinl ' lent with the sex. Boxes Is. lid. and a. 9d. of all chemists sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker, B. T. TOWLE, Chemist, Nottingham. symptoms so Preys-

VINE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PIUS is war- -11/4-/ ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs, in either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains in the back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes, 4s, 6d, each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors, through,mt the World ; or sent to any address for sixty stamps by the Makers, The LINCOLN AND alzoLson Commas Mum Conmant, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BARCLAY & dONa, London. and all the Wholesale Houses.

RIAL KioFoRTE NET, 250 PAGES nloTo TOR, (Full NI ustc Size). sT Contains 70 illuatt ationt l'r r• • • eot ow)) het , F°'. and over 250 50n2.1. 1 tre Pit ) 1 at,,r )(711g ;1111, i 114 Berr4 't.het) at Net Prue• enntrol cArtanteel en applqn,rrnn rr ' 'rt )cre' Dames, Carols, Animal* awl chkkpost look over pubttsbod. 01 any Pooh or 14 t hasiteris siutiphiai FREE and Hymn Tuna&

===== 0002601_18930225_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

===== 0002601_18930225_art0111.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
E177',:11 L ~;

===== 0002601_18930225_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

VIOLIN, very rich tone, RUSSIAN COPY with BOW, in ow: complete, a genuine bar,a n. Prie. only 27.8 Od

VERY FINE PAIR RUBY LUSTRES, 16 inches in height, under glass shades, double drops beauti- fully decorated, suitable f r drawing r om, only ... 27s 64

FLOCK BE B, the set c implete, our pecial make clean and wet picked flocks, good OM, well filled, only

CARPET, tapestry, good size, splendid patte,n, suit- able for parlour or bedroom, guile new. nevcr been worn, wonderful va ue. The Bee Hive

BLANKET, large size, wool cloth, second hand, a great bargain, the pair, at the Golden Bee Hive ... 93 11

CHEST 4:51P DRAW BRS, a very useful size for bed- room, light colour, well finished, the beat material. Call and see them, you will purchase directly, only 171

AT THE GOLDEN BEEHIVE.

4jale. '.74:trAp, • :••••••O•WC.C.,"' • - , v-ek

GOLDEN BEE HIVE, 69 & 71, CHURCH STREET,

===== 0002601_18930225_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
FRANCIS MORTON

AND COMPANY LIMITED,

HAMILTON IRON WORKS,

GARSTON, near Liverpool. - Invite Inquiries and Reference to tlieir

NEW CATALOGE

===== 0002601_18930225_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
FENC ING

AND GATE DEPARTMENT. P.M. S: Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE & IRON FENCES, now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad, is being continually Improved upon to meet extended requirements, and complete informa- tion is supplied on application.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
R A I,INGS

FOR PARK EECLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, ta.

ORNAMENTAL HIGH-CLASS

===== 0002601_18930225_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
GATES,

TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, Mansions, Villas &c.

STRONG FIELD GATES, FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS, &c.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
HURDLES 1 NETTING

TREE GA\UDARDS. WIRE WAND ORK.

CI ColaaT WiIVT-74001LT BAR IRON FENCING, Fitted with F. M. & Cos Self-Lockiqg Joint.

LONDON OFFICE: 17, VICTORIA ST., Westminster, S.W.

PATENT ()ALVAN MOM STEEL WIRE RIATIRSSSESI

Prenci. and Persian ileilvtepds comnitta. - To be seen carrying ONE TON. •Prezr,ll

We Challenge c.—y other Wire Mattress Lo stand this Test II • But is it ever re- quired of a Mattress that it should carry one ton? Certainly not. Hitherto the ,ainst the use of Wire has been that they ter a time, which was iv, this severe teat to f they do within 5

1 t 't4 5' ‘r"wZ,lo- 'UJJ ,-. ~ .•117.11.A.7'- '.:0,,A IL .' 144. 4,1 ...:.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
T HOMA S kJOW DELL. HOUSE AND ESTATE AGENT, 38, KNUTSPORD-ROAD, WARRINGTON, RENTS of Cottages and other Property in town or country regularly collected and paid over monthly, quarterly, or as desired. T. C. collects in Warrington. Widnes, Ruecorn, and Prod- sham on Mondays; Lymm and district, oft Tuesdays. References and terms on application.

MHONIAS FRAIN begs to intimate that he has taken into partnership Mr. WILLIAM GROVE, and that his business will in future be carried on under the name of FRAIN AND GROVE, RENTand DMIT COLLECTORS, House, Estate, and General Commission Agents, 12. EDGEWORTH STREET, WARRINGTON. RENTS 11) ACCOUNTS regularly collected in town or country.—DEßTS PURCHASED. References and Terms on application. Communications promptly attended to.

SMALL-PDX SCARLET FEVER! PREVENTION BETTER ..CHAN CURE I I Healthy Homes maintainedby using BIBBY'S DISINFECTING FLUID.

- - - It is a perfect Antiseptic and Deodoriser, and effectually prevents contagion. It is a sure remedy for skin sores in man, horse, or dog, and is not poisonous. Invaluable to Hotel Proprietors, Far- mers and Householders. HENRY BIDDY and Co., Dock Chemical Works, Cornbrook, Manchester.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
W. THE SIGN OF 4," followed by 3, is the number of HEMBREY'S LINOLEUM WAREHOUSE in CROSS-STREET, where you ean buy the best and most perfect designs in Linoleum thoroughly matured and ready for laying from Is. 4d. per square yard upwards; Linoleum, Corticme Cork Carpet Rugs, Brussels and Tapestry Carpets and Squares, Mat, Matting. Austrian Bentwood Chairs, Tables, &c. The Largest Stock and Best Selection in the Provinces. - -

HEMBRY & CO.. • 43. c NOSS-S lEBET (Albert-equare). MANCHESTER.

MARTINDALE'S WELL-KNOWN

BLACKING. (LIQUID AND PASTE).

ALSO

"SANDRINGTIANt " WATERPROOF JET LUSTRE AND

KID CREAM

FOR LADIES BOOTS.

HARNES CONIPOSITION. (THE CELEBRATED HORSE SHOE BRAND).

FURNITURE POLISH &C., ALL OF THE BEST QUALITY.

17. HANOVER-ST., LIVERPOOL.

f , IjRITCIILEY, THE NOTED TAILOR, FIRST QUALITY IN LABOUR FIT AND STYLE. SPECIALITIES. COVERT COATS, 40s. SUITS, 500. TROUSERS 16s. DRESS SUITS 70S.

J. C. having a lare stock of late season goods, is offering same at greatly reduced prices.

65 BOLD STREET.

WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED OVER 30 YEARS.

NEW FARII SEEDS FOR 1893.

R. CATTERALL,

SEED MERCHANT,

KIRKHAM AND ORMSKIRK,

Has now in stock over Two Hundred Tons of CLOVER AND RYEGRASS SEEDS, The Best the World can produce. Prices Moderate. Farmers who want PURE SEEDS and GOOD CLOVER ROOTS

will do well to order with Mr. Catterall or his under-mentioned Agents— Mr. D. NUTTALL. Mr. T. P. TAYLOR (Preston Brook), cr Mr. JOHN SOUTHBIIN (Croft), who attend Warrington Market every Wednesday; otherwise post their orders direct to Kirkham.

DON'T WASTE MONEY! By Purchasing unnecessary large packets of Seeds when a smaller quantity will suffice.

BIDD LES AND CO., The

PENNY PACKET SEED COMPANY,

LOUGHBOROUGH, LEICESTERSHIRE,

Claim to supply Seeds on the most economical system in the World, and thereby defy competition.

3,C 00 VARIETIES 3,000 Of Vegetable and Flower Seeds are supplied by us in ONE PENNY packets, and every one of the very best quality in conveniently small quantitiPq.

PRESS OPINIONS.

" We cannot but think that a very desirable scheme" (our Penny Parket system) "is here propounded."—" Peter- borough Standlri." "An experienoe of several years justifies the pronouncing Of the quality of ..eds as equal to that contained in larger and more costly t ackets." -" Newcastle Chronicle." "The firm has a high reputation and standing, and we com- mend them to the notice of amateur gardeners and others who desire to make their gardens look bright during the com- ing season in a very economical and effective manner."— Horticultural Times." LIST OF VEGETABLE AND FLOWER SEEDS

===== 0002601_18930225_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
_ SENT GRATIS AND POST FREE.

Our COMPLETE ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE, contain- ing Lists of Vegetables and Flower Seeds, Bulbs. Roses, Hardy Plants, do.. with descriptions and cultural directions, and 5,00 Illustrations, the whole forming a complete Garden article, price One Shilling, post free.

SILVER MEDAL. EDINBURGH. 1890 GOLD MEDAL. JAMAICA, 1891. GOLD MEDAL, DERBY, 1891.

COLEMAN'S

WINCARNIS, OR

LIEBIG'S EXTRACT OF ISIBIAT AND MALT WINE. WINCARNIS Is the New Name Registered to Prevent Fraudulent Imitations. OVER TWO THOUSAND Unsolicited Testimonials have been received from Medical Men. IMPORTANT UNSOLICITED TESTIMONIAL FROM Dr. MATT HEWS. Dereham-road, Norwich. Dereham-road, Norwich, June 13th. 1892. Gentlemen,—You have been kind enough to send me several free orders for your " Wincarnis," and it has given much relief to several who were in a dying state—they could take the" Wincarnis "when everything else was rejected, I aim now begging the favour of asking you if you can do a work of charity in giving a poor dying man some of your " Wincarnis." It has kept him up some weeks. He is suffer- ing from an internal cancer. His means are all gone. Friends and his family have purchased two large bottles weekly— They cannot afford him more. He has had the most expen- sive wines, but nothing suits him like the" Wincarnis." The case is urgent. The gentleman has filled an important posi- tion in this eounty,but his means are gone.—Yours faithfully, W. MATTHEWS. Messrs. Coleman and Co., Limited. WINCARNIS Is sold by all Druggists, Wine Merchants, and Patent Medicine Vendors. Ask for COLEMAN'S " WINCARNIS," or LIEBIG'S EXTRACT OF MEAT AND MALT WINE, and see that the word WINCARMS is on the shoulder of the bottle. If there is any difficulty in getting the Wine, write direct to the Manufacturers, who will forward Sample Pint Bottle Free by Post on receipt of 33 stamps. „ Doz. Rail PP 30s. Sole Manufacturers: COLEMAN & CO., Limd, St. George's and Bank Plain, Nor% id:; and 3, New London-St., London, W.C. &le Proprietors ot •• Ozm zon," the New Beef Tea, and also Coleman's Crown Imperial Invalid Stout, which Is strongly recommended by the Medical Faculty.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
: _

lettcro to the ebttor.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
RE ST. BARNABAS PARISH TEA PARTY.

Sir,—ln looking over the reports of the various church tea parties, I find a very lengthy address purporting to have been delivered by the vicar of the above parish. Is it nct strange that those present in the room failed to hear it? Further, the so-called vote of thanks ap- pears to be equally mythical.—Can it be accounted for ? Yours kc.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
ANTI-HUM BUG.

BUDDHISII AND CIIRISTIANITY.

Sir,—ln resuming my notice of the above subject. it is necessary to clear the ground of some confusion in which it at present lies. Your correspondent " Harry Esmond" began by referring to the "remarkable points of similarity between Buddhism and Christianity," and forthwith set off to draw a parallel between the Brah- man-god Chrishna and Christ. Apparently your cor- respondent was not aware that Buddhism and Brahman- ism are two very different religions. The former was an absolute revolt from the latter in the person of Sakyit- Muni, or Gautama in the sth century before Christ. This great reformer renounced the whole system of the Brahmanic pantheon with its priests, its sacrifices, its ritual and castes, proclaiming the universal brotherhood of humanity, and the great doctrine of self-renunciation. Be carried his teachings however to the extreme of denying the existence of a supreme being: or of the human soul and of immortality—offering only as the goal of happiness to his disciples the state of Nirvana— or eternal sleep. Fearful opposition to his teachings was aroused—but the marvellous influence of his, in many respects, beautiful and beneficient life rose superior to it all ; and though the conflict was long and severe, Buddha at length so far triumphed that the -ad orthodox Brahmans accepted him as the Oth Incarnation of Vishnu. For ages he wielded his immense influence over the mind of the Hindus, until between the Bth and 9th century of our Era a tierce persecution, and opposi- tion to his doctrines on the part of the Brahmans arose, and became so violent that Buddhism was all but ex- pelled from India, and at this day has no place there ex- cept in the small district of Nepal. It is therefore a strange entanglement of the subject to announce" points of resemblance between Buddhism and Christianity " and then to illustriate by parallels between Christ and the Breslanzan-god Chrishna. Yet this is what " Harry Esmond "does, enumerating particulars of resemblance in the fables of Chrishna which he says " agree almost word for word with the account given by St. Matthew of Christ." Now what I want especially to make clear in this letter is, that it is utterly useless to discuss any point of resemblance of fact or incident in the histszy of either Buddha or Christ, or of the same between Chrishna and Christ ; since with the exception of a trifling incid- ent or two, there is no evidence whatever of the exist- ence of such resemblances in any Hindoo literature earlier than the beginning of our own era. This applies equally to Buddha and to Chrishna. In fact the " remarkable points of similarity" are traceable to Christian influence alone, which reaching India early in the first and second century supplied the Brahmans with all the sources necessary for their manipulation of legends concerning Buddha, and their god Chrishna. I make this statement on the authority of eminent Sanskrit scholars, such as Sir Monier Williams, Dr. Rhys Davids, and the translator of the Bhagavah-Gita, the rev. John Davies, who particularly handles this questio, in an appendix to his version of this famous poem. Nor must I omit specially to mention, on the testimony of Professor Williams, that those very legends of Chrishna the most like to the ineidents in the life of Christ appear in Hindoo literature, which dates back no further than the sth or 6th century after Christ. In conclusion let me say that the facts related by Max Muller,and quoted in my previous letter, would on any ground justify our suspicion of Brahmanic frauds]; but when the period of the literature to which we are indebted for our knowledge of these "remarkable points of resemblance" is taken into account, one can only dismiss the whole matter as something worse than idle talk. But whilst expressing myself thus strongly on tbis particular feature of the subject I am most heartily ready to admit that there are truly won- derful points of comparison between the moral teach, ings and conduct of Buddha, and the character aad teachings of Christ. But I must tell your correspondent that when Christians have ventured to stigmatise Buddhists as " heathens and barbarians "it has not been on the ground of Buddha's lofty ideal and moral character. Yru have only to go to lands where Budd- hism prevails, and the contrast between Buddha's influ- ence and that of Christ will more than justify the epithets of "heathen and barbarian." But this phase of the subject—the moral teachings of Buddhism, both in resemblance and contrast, to the religion of. Christ, as also the "little success of Christian missionaries among the teeming millions of India and China " I hope to deal with in future letters,—Yours obediently. JOHN DIGNUM. Penketh, February 23rd, 1893.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
BUDDHISM AND CHRISTIANITY. SOME POINTS Or RESEMBLANCE.

Sir,—Mr. Dignum's attention has been called to several letters which have appeared in your columns on the above subje,t, and as he is an assumed authority on all matters of a scholastic character, he, ef course, rushes in to print to set the writers of these letters straight. This is exactly what I wanted someone to do, and so I welcome his letter as helping to disseminate a knowledge of this very interesting subject. It is a pity, however, that he could not refrain from coarse and ungentle- manly insinuations against myself and "Eclectic.' It had not been suggested to my mind that the people of Warrington were exceedingly gullible, nor had I the least intention of gulling them. The statements I made can easily be verified by anyone who will take the trouble to read only a little of the very voluminous iterature on the subject. I can only smile at Mr. Dignum's advice that I should study Max Muller's " Science of Religion.- I can promise him that he shall have considerably more of Max Muller than will be at all to his liking before this correspondence shall have finished. Indeed, lam amazed that he should so much as mention Max Muller in this connexion, and can only suspect that his acquaintance with this savant's writings is of a very superficial character. But, after all, who thinks of advancing Max Muller as an autko- rity to-day ? The various articles in his books were given as lectures about thirty years ago, and the " Science of Religion" has made considerable progress since then. But we will deal with Max Muller further on. Mr. Dignum objects to my " setting' of the points of resemblance between Buddhism and Christianity, and calls attention to what he terms my glaring inaccuracy touching Chrishna, whom I called a Buddist god---" but who," says Mr. Dignum, "was nothing of the kind." I accept the correction. To be correct Chrishna was a Brahman god. Max Muller calls him the" lovely shep- herd god." Slme writers speak of him as the Hindu saviour. Brahmanism is the oldest form of Hindu religion. Buddhism is founded on Brahmanism, but is a sort of revolt or protest against it, just as Protestant- ism is a protest against Roman Catholicism. (See Clodd's " Childhood of Religions.") There are various sects amongst the Hindus even as there are amongst Chris- tians. Now, anyone reading Mr. Dignum's letter would con- clude—unless they had a knowledge of the subject—that I had attempted to impose a nnmber of idle and mis- leading tales upon my readers—that, in fact, I had stated what was not true. Well, I intend to substantiate my statements, by quoting, in the first place, several pas- sages from the " Encyclopedia Brittannica." (I hope Mr. Dignum will admit that this work is somewhat of an authority.) These passages deal with Buddhism only and as Chrishna was a Bratinsan god I will deal with him in another letter. In my next letter I will give passages from Max Muller's books" The Science of Reli- • gion, and "Chips from a German workshop." "We are accustomed," says the Encyclopedia Brit- . tannica, "to find the legendary and the miraculous, ' gathering like a halo, around the early history of refi- i gious leaders,until the sober truth runs the risk of being altogether neglected for the glittering and edifying false- hood. Buddha has not escaped the fate which has be- alien the founders of other religions, and as late as the

416csiV

.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SAT UR DA Y FEBRUARY 25, 1893.

year 1854 the late Professor Wilson, of Oxford, read a paper before the Royal Asiatic Society of London, in which he mairealned that the supposed life of Buddha was a myth, and Buddha himself merely an imaginary being. No one, however, would now support this view, and it is admitted that under the mass of miraculous tales which have been handed down regarding him,there is a basis of truth already sufficiently clear to render possible an intelligible history,which will become clearer and clearer as older and better authorities are made ac- cessible." A list of Byddhist books is then given, of which it says, "These have their miraculous incidents, too—the relation of the Sanskrit sources to the Pali re- sembling in many respects that of the apocryphal gos- pels to the New Testament." An account is then given of the life of Buddha. He was born ot royal parentage ; became a penniless and despised student and a homeless wanderer. Mara, the tempter, appsared in the sky,and Buddha was tempted like Christ. He was offered a uni- versal dominion over the four great continents ; but, like Christ, he resisted the tempter. He was called the "Enlightened One"—a teacher and saviour. Buddha teaches his followers to attain freedom from impurity and revenge and evil longings of all kinds ; to purify their minds from all unholy desires and passions. Again, the first enemy which the awakened believer has to tight against is sensuality, and the last is unkindliness ; it is impossible to build anything on a foundation of mire, and the topstone of all that one can build, the highest point he can reach,the point above purity, above justice. above even faith, is, according to Buddha, universal charity. Till he has gained that the believer is still bound, he is not free, his mind is still dark ; true en- lightenment, true freedom are complete only in love." " Buddha is recorded to have performed many miracles, and in his youth to have surpassed all his contempora- ries in feats of bodily and mental skill, and even to have taught his teachers-legends bearing a curious resemblance to th* apocryphal gospel of the infancy of Jesus." Ac- cording to the "Encyclopedia Brittannica " Buddha died 400 years before Christ. Max Muller assigns ths same dates as that of his death. The " Enc. Britt." then goes on to speak of the "shaven priests of Buddhism," its bells and rosaries, its images and holy water, its popes. and bishops, its abbots and monks of many grades, its processions and feast days, its confessional etnd purga- tory, and its worship of the double Virgin, so strongly I resembling Romanism that the first Catholic missiona- ries thought it must he an imitation by the devil of the religion of Christ." This account is a direct confirma- tion of Clodd, whom I quoted in my first letter. On Sunday afternoon, February sth, a dignitary of the Church of England, Archdeacon Wilson. gave an addrosss at the Parish Church, Rochdale. on " The an- cient religion of India." In the course of his address he said, " The morality inculcated in their sacred books" (the Hindus) " stood on a very lofty level, and even in practice there were points in which their morality was universally beyond that of any Christian nation. The degradation of drunkenness was regarded by them as in the first degree of crime. With us it is condoned." HARRY ESMOND.

afternoon wore on the storm appeared to, be getting 1 worse, whilst at dinner a decided falling off of hungry souls was noticeable. Our little party seemed happy and gay, and thoroughly enjoying our first dinner, indeed, I at our table of ten there were but two yaJant chairs. At table : Mr. Curdy : Well, Mr.Thomas,what will:you take? Mr. Thomas : Port wine. Mr. Curdy : How's that sir, usually you take whisky ? Mr Thomas : True, but I prefer port in a storm. After draining his glass he was seen to rest his head on his hand, an said he would take a rest.—Exit Mr. Thomas.

Once more leaving the saloon a breath of fresh air is very refreshing. "What a splendid idea," everyone cries, as it is noticed the promenade deck is lit up with incandescent lights, turning night into day, and making it possible to sit down and read, enjoying the fresh sea breezes in place of betaking one's-self to the old- fashioned close cabin. Then, again, no risk is run of striking against any obstruction on the deck, thereby rendering a walk in the evening enjoyable. Whether from the abundant supply of fresh ozone, or from the fact of being tired, we seek our cabin early, and there meet our room mate already ensconced in his berth. He was an English gentleman resident in New York, and crossing to visit his home and friends, and proved to be a very pleasant companion. (To be continued.)

===== 0002601_18930225_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
NOMS ON GAMES AD

AfHLETICS.

FOOTBALL.

Our home team enjo-y-ed—a-;r-i-c-t-o-ry and some mudlark- ing at Kendal, when they met the Hornets of that locality on Saturday. They played an excellent game, just as they always seem to do now, when they go out ot town. It is probably a change of air that has the beneficial effect. Ido know for certain that a change of hair would have a beneficial effect upon a certain player's looks, after a match. But " that's neither hare nor thare," as the young collegiate said.

About 1,000 spectators welcomed the two teams as they waded—l use the term advisedly—on to the field. The slowly dropping, dribbling, dripper of the previous a hours' rain had made that field a regular swamp. And after the game had been going a few minutes one could detect many of the players clasping chunks of mud as affectionately as an average child. This liquid condition of the ground was, of course, detrimental to the play, hut strange to say, the Hornets couldn't play at all ou their own mud, whilst the previous experience of War- rington enabled them to score a try, and some other points which the referee would not allow them. This brings me to a point of complaint. Both P.R. Lawless and John Bate scored points which the referee, without any explanation, disqualified.

Warrington's play was far and away above that of the home men, and although they nominally only won by a try, the victory was really beyond tile range of four points. The forwards played a" clinking" game; they combined better and showed an all-round general improvement. Boscow, by the way, came out in a brilliant fashion. His general agility, his smart tactics, clever saving, quick punting and good fielding made even the Zendalites cheer lustily. Lawless played a good game again, and was up to the scratch with his tackling.

I was glad to hear of Frank Turner playing again ; he ought to get a right royal welcome when he appears before the Warrington public.

Warrington A team completely routed the Widnes A team on Saturday. They came out victors to the tune of 4-1-5 to nil. Barnes, Massey, Ash urst, and Lally were very much in evidence, and Hampson played a game which points to gradual improvement and better finish.

Broughton, so to speak, came out of their shell in the competition match with Salford. Had it not been for the poor play of two of the back rank, it is generally conceded that they would have done the trick with Sal. ford. The results of the competition stand thus at pre- sent ;

111611ULT8 UP TO SITURDIT.

POr. Agst. Phi. Won. Lost. Drn. G.T. G.T. Pt.. Swinton ll 9 . 0 . 2 -.15 25... 1 3 ...20 Salford St. Helens Recreation 11 ... 5 ... 3 ... 3 ... 9 11._ 5 6 ...13 Tyldesley Oldham l2 3 ... 6 ... 3 ... 5 13... 7 9 ... 9 Warrington 5 . 3 ... .. 0 ... 3 2 ... 1 3 ... 6 rs WBltrocwuhagdnahltoe nHßarannegt: I Broughton l2 . 1 ... 9 ... 2 ... 3 3 ...13 24... 4

St.Helens Recreation met Barrow on Saturday,and beat them. lhis has distressed the Barrow people very much, as they are to displace the " Recs." in the competition next year. By the way, I cull a eulogistic note about the " Recs'." rivals from the "Athletic News" as thus There are not many towns in Lancashire that can turn out two first-class Rugby teams such as Sc. Helens is proud of." The "Saints," as the town club's representa- tives are familiarly styled, are going great guns this season, and are really one of the finest combinations in the county.

"They have only had one defeat this season, and that was on Sept. 1, and whilst they have piled up big scores against most clubs they have come in contact with, their opponents can scarcely break through their strong defence. As an actual fact, not a solitary point has been scored against them since November, last. Their aggre- gate score reaches the lively figure of 21 goals, 47 tries, against 3 goals, 7 tries, or 194 paints to 26. Perhaps Ithe best criterion of the unselfish combination of the II team is the fact that 17 members have scored tries, ISudlow heading the list with a round dozen to his redit."

ASSOCIATION.

Local lovers of the Association game will have an opportunity to-day of seeing about tne best Association match that will have marked the season in Warrington. The St. Elphins club and W .2k.C.. are going to try con- clusions providing the weather permits.

The following are the selected teams :—St. Elphins— Goal, H. Bates ; right back, D. Marshall ; left back, Rev. T. W. Cook; half backs, R. Jolley, J. Pheonia, J. Clayton; right wing, J. Colley, Hickenbottom ; left wing, .1. Hutton, C. Taylor; centre, F. Scarisbrick (cap- tain) ; reserves, J. Gibson, and W. Whittle ; umpire. G. Squire. Warrington Association.—Goal, J. Bannon ; right back, J. Thompson ; left back, T. Ilavies ; right half half back, F. Norman ; centre, W. Rostrou ; left half back, T. Dutton ; right wing outside. J. Ball; right wing inside, J. Thornton ; centre, S. Pierpoint ; left wing inside, T. R. Forbes ; left wing outside, Mather (captain) ; reserves, Williams, Fox, and Bonehill : um- pire, J. Farquharson. Mrscm.t.e.NEous.

The Warrington Amateur Athletic Club, which has only been in existence a few months, can now boast of having nearly 150 members. Judging by the attendance of the members on club nights it bids fair for success. I bear that it is intended to hold a grand assault at arms about the end of March and the Committee have secured the services of Sergeant Major Haight, instructor to the Manchester Gymnastic Club, and a few of his pupils. An attempt is also being made to get the assistance of two of the best middle weight boxers of the North of England. The programme will be made up of boxing, lance exercise, sword v. bayonet, &c. As a tournament of this kind has not been held in Warrington before, it is likely to be a great " draw."

THE FRAUD ON ACTRESSES AT WARRINGTON. Mr. Taylor, the police court missionary Warring- ton, has received the following letter from one of the actresses in Leslie's " Up to Date" company, who were desarted by their manager.—" 13 Regent Square, Kings Cross.—Dear Sir, lam pleased to be able to inform you that I arrived safely home last evening. Thank you very much for your great kindness to me at Warrington. I shall be glad if you will convey my best thanks to the magistrates, who so kindly and promptly relieved us from the dreadful dilemma in which we were placed,through Mr. Leslie's conduct. I shall ever remember with gratitude their great kinuness,—l am, dear sir, yours truly, Alva Darrell." Letters have also been received from the other actresses.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
TO ENGLAND IND BACK.

VISITING TIIE OLD COUNTRY. (No. 2.) The writer of the following account of a journey "To England and Back in the Winter eason," reides in Seattle, Washington, U.S.A., but is the Fon of a gentleman much respected in Gateacre, and the son-in-law of a well-known Warringtontan.

The American system of checking baggage is so perfect that after receiving our checks at Suspen- sion Bridge, we did not again see our baggage until placed on board.—llow very different to the principle adopted by the English railway com- panies ! In England it is el, eryone for himself and his own—and who is to prevent an unscrupulous party from taking a box or package at any station. by merely pointing it out to the guard or porter ? No doubt many thefts do occur from this cause. The Eng- lish have got a great deal to learn from their American cousins in this line.

Our baggage is safe and we are on deck. Notwith- standing the early hour arranged for the steamers de- parture, quite a number of people were assembled on the quay to bid their last adieu to friends, acquain- tances, or even all the passengers, for who could stand by and see a steamer freighted with so many human beings, even though none be known personally, without wishiag one and all a safe and speedy voyage. There were very few who were not startled by the first loud blast of the whistle, and as gangway after gangway was lowered, and first one rope and then another cast off, our ocean home was free. A long whistle sounded,iminediately followed by the dull thud of the propellers and our voyage had commenced. Backing slowly clear of the quay our last salutes were exchanged with those left behind—the waving of handkerchiefs became fainter. The steamers bow was turned to sea and at 7.55 a.m, the propellors com- menced to beat the water and drive us forward towards the East. Leaving the great city behind, and slowly passing by the Statue of Liberty, Governors island, entering the narrows to the fairway buoy at 9.54 and Sandy Hook light ship at 10.3 cur tarewell to America was ended. Many incoming and outgoing steamers were passed, one of the latter a North German Lloyd's running abreast of us for about two hours, but gradu- ally dropping behind until finally lost to view.

And now how shall I commence an account of our doings for the following week. Perhaps it would be here in place to give a few particulars of the magnificent steamer' Teutonic," that is bearing us onward to" the tight little island" nearly 3,000 miles away. Viewed from a distance, she is unlike the majority of vessels, having but three pule masts these having no yards-- they carry only steadying sails, thereby dispensing with a great deal of heavy top gear and rigging. The 'familiar black and buff funnels are of enormous size, and placed between the fore and main mast gives the vessel a trim appearance, and add to the graceful outline of the hull. Now as to the di- mensions: Her gross tonnage is 10,000 tons; her length 582 feet, her breadth 574 feet, her depth between 39 and 40 feet. Can you realise what such measure- ments mean—the enormous size of such a craft—she being the longest vessel afloat. She is built of Silmen's- Martin steel. What then must be the power of engines to drive such a vessel. Being a twin screw steamer she is fitted with 2 sets of triple -expansion engines, develop- ing nearly 18,000 horse power. In case of a broken shaft or disablqment of either set of engines, the speed would be but slightly diminished as additional power I could be given to the remaining set, doing away with the necessity of completing a trip under sail, etc., as in cases of most single propellors and engines. In case of collision the ship and passengers are well provided for. there being water-tight bulkheads running the whole length, with many sub-divisions adding greatly to the strength of the ship and making her almost unsink- able.

Hark ! is not that the gong sounding, and indeed a welcome one for early rising and fresh ozone has given us quite an appetite ; therefore it is not surprising that we should hurry into the saloon for our first meal. The allotment of seats not having taken place we find room at a side table and enjoy the tasty dishes placed before us. Ere that meal is over we have a fair idea of the number of passengers aboard. Here I might mention, that unlike most companies the" White Star" limit the number of cabin passengers to the seating accommoda- tion of their steamers' saloons, and not as on many steamers where there are two sittings, which always causes trouble, annoyance and general discomfort. Seats are allotted by the purser shortly after sail- ing and whether at the first or second sitting you are expected to be on time and to keep the same chair for the voyage—here's the annoyance , and inconvenience of such a plan, indisposition to eat at (first gong) from more causes than one—disinclination to leave a pleasant game, reading, the penning of a letter, or general conversation maybe with No. 2 table section—whereas with but one sitting so long as meals are about, you go to table at your leisure, where you will find your steward ready to do his utmost to please and satisfy you. I might say that notice was given that prior to lunch, the allotment of seats would take place—near that hour the purser appeared in the saloon and very soon had a gootily throng around him. The captain's table, generally in the centre of the saloon, is the one where the seats are most coveted ; the purser and doctor each being placed at the heads of other tables; then there are those at the side where small parties generally arrange to sit. We preferred one of the latter and were soon accommodate d.

Might I here relate a little incident bearing upon this subject that occurred to a friend and myself on our first trip across the Atlantic in the Cunard steamer" Urn- brie?" Not being then conversant with the customs on board the ocean steamers, upon entering the saloon we looked around for two vacant chairs. One of the stewards came to our relief and asked for our numbers. Thinking he referred to our state cabin berths we re- plied 11 and 12. The seats bearing these numbers hap- pened to be vacant at the time ; we occupied them, dinner .commenced, first course over, just received the second, when a party of four,two ladies and two gentle- men, came up to the table at which we were seated; general consternation, stewards in a state of excitement likewise though in a far greater degree the ladies of the party, but not least by a long way our poor selves,inno- cents that we were. We at once offered to move and made profound apologies—ignorance—first voyage— vain regrets /cc. all to no purpose. Elderly lady was decidedly vexed, indeed shocked at our action in taking their seats. However a full explanation given to the gentlemen after dinner, ended with a good hearty laugh; they enjoyed the joke immensely, and proved to be the best of friends throughout this trip. Yet somehow or other whenever the elderly lady came by our way, we felt like crawling under the table. Her first look or indignation remained impressed on my mind for a long long time.

Suppose we take it for granted our first meal is over and the tables cleared, a fine opportunity presents itself to view the handsome saloon situated on the main deck, and occupying the whole width of the vessel, offers seat- ing accommodation for 300 cabin passengers. It is most tastefully decorated, the prevailing colour being ivory and gold, the 'walls being relieved by panels on which are carved figures of tritons, nymphs and other marine symbols—the background consisting of bright gold. Heavy brass work surrounds the usually plain framed portholes, over which is an entirely new feature for night decoration—coloured glass panels (bearing tha arms of the principal cities of America and Europe) can be drawn down, thus covering the usual open spacei; behind the sliding panels an incandescent lamp illumines the glass, adding greatly to the effect. The ceiling is beautifully lined in gold—the centre being surmounted by a splendid coloured glass dome. Many small fairy like incandescent electric lights through subdued rays over this spacious and luxurious apartment at night time. Comfortable lounges, chairs, etc., give an idea of comfort to the traveller.

Passing out and ascending the staircase, we are once more on the spacious deck—some 245 feet in length, with a clear space of 18 feet on each side of the deck houses. The greater portion of this space is covered,thus making a splendid promenade for passengers in all weathers. As we mingle with our fellow passengers it is surprising to find how free and easy everyone appears, more especially those who are not making their maiden trip—and their name is apparently legion. We very soon learn that many are returning to spend Christmas in England.

Overhead the sky is beautifully clear, the air crisp and bracing, the water inclined to be a little choppy, whilst in the far distance small black clouds are to be seen collecting Shortly afterwards little white caps are on the crest of every wave—it is rumoured a storm is brew- ing. We had not to wait long for within four hours of leaving port a strong wind followed us, gradually increasing to a north-west gale. Fortunately for ml,ny of the passengers the gale aid not come too suddenly upon us, giving time to become accustomed to the alter- nate pitching and rolling of our mighty steamer. It had, however, the effect of diminishing the attendance at table for lunch, giving one the idea, that some poor mortals had no disposition to take a meal so soon after breakfast, or may be they were suffering from Mal de MCP.

Oh ! sea sickness must be a sad complaint, for my part I am thankful to say, I never suffered from the effects and never yet lost a meal when at sea. When crossing in the " Urn-, !aria" I heard a gentleman from Manchester, England, say, when advised to leave his deck chair—the rolling of the steamer making it unsafe for him to remain longer on deck, he being in a very weak state from this dreaded complaint, "I would not move or try to save myself if the ship was going down, indeed, death would be acceptable." Poor fellow; he never seemed to get over it, and was ill the whole way across. Upon arriv- ing in New York he had to be carried off the steamer on account of weakness and inability to walk. As the

=111•11111

===== 0002601_18930225_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. BRUNNER, M.P., AT NORTEINVICH.

INTERESTING SPEECH ON POLITICAL TOPICS. The annual soiree In connection with the Glad- stone Club, North wich, was held on Saturday even- ing, under the presidency of Mr. 11. Bratt, C.C. The guest of the evening was Nil% J. T. Brunner, M.P., who was accompanied by Mrs. Brunner, Miss Maud Brunner, and Mr. J. F. L. Brunner. The pro- ceedings were of an enthusiastic description. Mr. J. W. Deakin moved the following resolution : " That this meeting of Northwich Liberals cordially welcomes Mr. J. T. Brunner, the member for the divi- sion, congratulates hira on his great victory at the last election, and assures him that his loyal support of Mr. Gladstone in this sitpthme effort of his life,to bring con- tentment and prosperity to Ireland will receive the en- thusiastic approval of all true Liberals in this constitu- ency." (Applause.) The motion was seconded by Mr. .1. T. Yearsly, and carried unanimously amid cheers. Mr. J. T.BRUNNER, M.P ,who was loudly cheered, said it had been a great pleasure to him to hear the two speeches which had b en delivered, and a great pleasure to know that one of the gentlemen had made up his mind to secure a majority of 2,000, while Mr. Deakin had decided that it should be 2.500. (Applause.) A. WORD ABOUT MR. WHITELEY. fle was not at all sure that it would not be 12,000— (laughter)—for he thought if it depended upon Mr. Whiteley it would certainly reach that figure. (Laughter, and a Voice : " A walk over.") He had been very much amused to hear that that gentleman, after vowing and declaring over and over again that he would come to fight the Tory battle in the Northwich Division when- ever he was asked to, had thought he was a little safer in a place where last time the majority was in favour of a Tory, and he had betaken himself to Stockport. (Laughter.) He noticed that his first speech in Stockport was exactly the same as that made to the people of this neighbourhood. (Laughter.) He told them that the Stockport people wre highly intelligent, exactly the same as he said at Northwich. (Laughter.) 'f he con- gratulations of the Northwich Liberals had been ten- dered to him (the speaker), by kind friends in the neigh- bourhood for a considerable number of months past. THE LATE CONTEST. One passage in Mr. Yearsley's speech struck him as having a little doubtful ring. He said that at the last election they had all the elements of success in their favour. But the forces arrayed against the Liberal party in that and every other division of Great Britain were simply tremendous. (Elear, hear.) They had al- most all the wealthy people against them ; they had .one of the greatest trades in the country arrayed against them. The Tory party then had in their hands an al- most fabulous sum of money wherewith to debauch the constituencies. Perhaps they did not know as well in that,as they did in some other divisions,what transpired, for in Northwich they stole a march upon their oppo- nents, and were a little too many for them. His friend, Mr. King, had been relating to him again the joy with which he saw

THE BATTERED AND TATTERED REGIMENT that went back to the brewefies in Manchester the day after the:election. Such a sodden and sorry-looking lot of politicians it had never been his lot to see before. (Laughter.) When they considered that they might rejoice all the more that their victory was what it was. He confessed that he had no hope before the election of an increased majority, and it was only through the exertions of the gallant men he saw before him and of many of the ladies that it came about. The election was not won because they had weak forces against them, but because the work was so thoroughly well done, and becauee the hearts of all the good mon and women in that constituency were set upon a noble leader. (Applause.) He thanked them for enabling him to go , back to the House of Commons in August last when they defeated a Tory Government and put a Liberal one in its place. Mention had been made of Mr. Henry , Fowler's wise and courageous act in reducing the quali- fication for Boards of Guardians from—in this neigh- , bourhood—a £25 to £5 annual ratine. (Applause.) Now, with the reduction from £25 to £5, there would be at the hands of the ratepayers a full! free, and a wide choice, so that they would not be obliged to send to the Board of Guardians a man who was comfortable in his means' who had never felt the pinch of poverty, but they could send one who sympathised with the poor bcause he knew what it was to be poor, and he (Mr. Brunner) was certain that the result would be a happy one for them all. (Applause.) FREE EDUCATION. He ought to say a word in praise of the work that had been done by his friend Mr. Acland at the Board of Education. Mr. Acland had made up his mind that there should be no tricks played with the law, with re- Surd to free education, and he (the speaker) asked it of them, for their own sakes and for the sakes of their neighbours and children, to back Mr. Acland in his determination to see that everybody who required free education should have it at the asking. (Applause. The opportunity would be given before long, he hoped,/ of putting the matter before them in a practical shape, and he trusted that whether their children had passed their schooling days or not,they would join in the attempt to obtain free education for all out of their kindness to these who were less well off than themselves. A LONDON QUESTION SETTI ED. Beside Mr. Fowler and Mr. Acland they had had Mr. Asquith, the Home Secretary, who had settled in London a question which had troubled the people of that city for a good many years. Mr. Asquith had decided that Trafalgar-square should be open for public meet- ings under commonsense, sensible, and practical ar- rangements, while for many years the Tory Home Secretary had been resisting the efforts of the people to meet in the Square to discuss publ,c questions. It was found, as had always been the case when they allowed English people their free liberty to do what they thought right, that they were just as considerate of the interests and feelings of their neighbours as any set of people , could wish them to be. (Applause.) Last Wednesday a measure was brought in by Mr. J. W. Logan, a mem- ber from tke Midlands,providing that in all local affairs, in all local elections—or he should say very nearly all local elections, for they told him in Runcorn that morn- ing that there was an omission in the Bill which he pro- posed to supply when it got into committee, Runcorn be- ing managed by a Board of Commissioners, for which there was no provision in the Bill—people would be en- titled to vote by ballot. The Bill was called THE PARISH AND DISTRICT COUNEILS BILL. He did not know whether anyone at that meeting had seen the way in which voting papers were sometimes filled up for the elections of Local Boards. (Laughter.) He had seen something in it, and he would be very glad indeed when voting papers were done away with, and when every man should be invited to ge to the polling place to give his vote and be protected by the secrecy of the ballot. (Applause.) Naturally, as the measure was coming from a Radical Government, it would provide that each man should have one vote and no man should have more. (Hear, hear.) In addition to that, they, as a matter of course, abolished the property qualification not only for Local Boards of Health, for Burial Boards, for Boards of Commissioners, for everything, so that for the first time in the history of the ceuntry every man, rich or poor, would be equal before the law. He thanked them for giving him the opportunity when it came of voting in favour of the second reading of THE HOME RULE BILL. (Loud Applause.) They were aware that none of them had had an opportunity of recording a vete in favour of the first reading of the Bill, because the Tories had adopted the plan of the warrior of old, who made up his mind to run away in order that he might live to fight another day. (Laughter.) They, did not challenge the vote, but allowed the Bill to be brought in without any division. It was perfectly true that the contrEst between their behaviour in the House, and their attempts reiterated and repeated and pressed for years past for the details of the Bill had been most ludicrous. They were burning, they were dying to know what was in the Bill, and yet, for a whole fortnight, they had not been allowed to bring it in, because the Tories would insist in saying, over and over again that they wanted to know what was in it. At last they had the Bill before them, and it was that day textually in the newspapersd and if any man or woman with an unbiassed mind couls read the Bill and read it into any of the terrible fear, which the Tories had been expressing for seven years he should be greatly astonished. To his mind, the Bill was AN ENORMOUS IMPROVEMENT upon the Bill of 1886. It provided, in an ample and, to him, perfectly satisfactory manner, for the representa- tion of the minority of Ireland. (Hear, hear.) There was missing from it that clause to which he took very great objection in 1888 which provided for the exclusion of the Irish members from the House of Commons in London. He did not want the Irish members to be turned out of the House of Commons for the reason firstly, that he did not want England to be put into the'

===== 0002601_18930225_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
position of the superior. Superior in wealth, superior in power, superior in many ways she undoubtedly was; but just as he wanted every individual man to be equal before the law, so he wanted, the four nations also to be equal before the law. (Applause.) He should hate to vote for a provision in Parlia- ment which declared that Ireland was the sub- ject nation, and that England was the soverign naion, whereas God had made them to be one and equal bro- thers. (Applause.) He had another and very good reason for wanting the Irish members to be kept in the Parliament at Westminster. How on earth were they to

===== 0002601_18930225_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
GET RID OF THE LORDS

if they turned the Irish members out ? (Laughter.) That was one of the things he wanted to do, and one of the things he believed the voters in that constituency would thoroughly back him in trying to do. He wanted to get rid, once and for all, of the foolish system which enacted that because a man was Dorn he was to make laws for the people. The phrase

HOME RULE ALL ROUND reminded him that the previous night the idea was brought forward in a tangible form for the first time in tbe speech of one whom they used to consider a friend, namely, the Right Hon. Joseph Chamberlain. (Laughter groans, and a Voice: " Rat.") He mentioned the idea ' for the first time, and it was one which was extremely attractive to him (Mr. Brunner), and one which he hoped they would consider seriously and favourably henceforward. To his mind, the most business-like and the happiest solution of that treat and thorny question would be that not only should all Irish local affairs be settled in Ireland,but that all Scotch local affairs settled in Scotland, all Welsh local affairs settled iu Wales, and all English local affairs settled in England ; that each set of people should deal with that business which they understood thoroughly,and which others did not under- stand. There was one other detail in the Rome Rule Bill, besides the retention of members in the souse of Commons,which would hereafter excite a good deal of discussion. He referred to

===== 0002601_18930225_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ARRANGEMENT OF FINANCE.

England was an extremely rich count;;;;ltile Ireland was, perhaps, the poorest of all civilized countries. He believed shat it would be the desire of the Northwich division that Ireland should be able to raise the material condition of her people until it more nearly approached ' that of the condition of. the peopie of the rest of Great Britain, and if the Irish members could show that the financial proposals of the Home Rule Bill were unfair and harsh towards the poor country and niggardly in the hands of the rich people, he (the speaker) believed he would have the heartiest approval of his constituents when he voted in favour of a pro- posal to make, not only a fair, but a generous ar- rangement if the case need be. (Applause.) Again he must say that he accepted their ' congratula- tions, and thanked them for returning him to the House of Commons in that it had given him an opportunity of witnessing a scene in the House 48 or 50 hours ago,when at last the House ot Commons had condemned unani- mously, and almost without hesitation, the infamous methods with which the Tory party had pursued the Irish party in the House of Commons. (Applause.) There had been nothing too mean—no means too foul for the "Times" and the party of Pigott-.-(hisses)—to adopt in their pursuit of the Irish people. It had done him good to know that at last the confession was wrung out of the Tories that the Irish members were as honest as the others. (Applause.) The unhappy young man whose name had been mentioned, who made the foolish speech after dinner at the Liberal Unionist Club last Tuesday; spoke not only of the Gladstonian party as _

benefiters of the Irish party in that matter ; but of rich English partisans. He (Mr. Brunner) was not ,

ashamerrto confess before th4M that he had offered money to the Irish members of the House of Commons.

To hi; mind there was nothing honourable that he ought not to do seeing the way iv/which those men were pur- sued, nothing that would go against his honour that he ought not to do to help them in their trouble. He had offered them money publicly, and they had publicly re- fused it; he had offered money privately to them and privately they had refused it. (Applause.) He admired them before ; but since that he had held them in high honour. (Applause.) He had had the opportunity of witnessing a scene which he ventured to say would be historical as long as the English language was spoken. (Applause) It was a marvellous scene, when the

===== 0002601_18930225_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD 'MAN, ELOQUENT,

master of his subject, master of his audience, spoke to the most brilliant collection of English statesmen and Englishmen that, he thought, ever were gathered to- gether to listen to a single voice. (Applause.) It was a scene which impressed.itself upon him, graven so deep that he did not think that as long as resson held its seat within him it would pass away and be forgotten. He could assure them as he uttered that touching perora- tion there was many a choking throat and many a dim eye in the assembly. (Applause.) . . .

, Mr: A. Fletcher moved the following resolution : " That this meeting of Northwich Liberals cordially endorses the main principles of the Horns Rule Bill now before Parliament, and expresses satisfaction that the measure, whilst giving local self-government to Ireland, contains provisions strengthening the bonds of union between Great Britain and Ireland." Mr. W. Blagg seconded the motion which was carried by acclamation.

RUNCORN DISTRICT LIBERAL ASSOCIATION. The adjourned meeting to •further the formation of a district Liberal Association for Runcorn was held in the Union Hall,Regent-street,on Wednesday night. Mr. R. H. Rosnett occupied the chair, and there was a large attendance. At the last meeting it was resolved that a local Liberal Association be formed for the consideration of local and imperial questions. Mr. B. Kniveton moved and Mr. James Lea seconded a rider that the Association was to take action when deemed desirable. The motion was adopted. Rules for the guidance of the associa- tion were adopted and the subscription was fixed at is. per annum. The following officers were appoint- ed : President, Mr. R. H. Posnett ; vice-presidents, Mr. James Lea (North) ; Mr. A. R.Nornian (South); treasurer, Mr. Walter Millington ; secretaries, Mr. John Clark (North) ; Mr. A. Riley, (south) ; execu- tive committee ; Messrs. B. Kniveton, W. Carroll, P. Speakman, C.C. D. Bisbrown, Wm. Stanway. B. Crosby,Thos. Dean, Joseph Zoyle, Jao. Withington , Geo. Kirkham, S. Coventry. . HOME ROLE.

Mr. Kniveton moved " That this meeting of Runcorn Liberals hail with unbounded satisfaction the enthusias- tic reception accorded to the Irish Home Rule Bill, by the Great Liberal Party, and as evidenced by recent electoral victories, cordially approves of the principles of that measure' and expresses its heartiest wishes for the saccessful and speedy termination to the long and arduous struggle for Irish Constitutional rights." In en- forcing the points of the resolution, Mr. Kniveton con- trasted the position of the present Government with that ot the late Government at the commencement of their tenure of office, and said the Tories were not able to say aer.ss the floor of the House that the country was against the Government. (Applause). Mr. S. Coventry briefly seconded the motion. Mr. P. Speakman, in supporting the resolution, ex- pressed pleasure that under the Bill the Irish members were to be retained and referring to Mr. Gladstone's de- claration that he should not dissolve because the House of Lords rejected the Irish Government Bill, said he hoped Mr. Gladstone would adhere to his determination and continue in office to pass measures for the benefit of the three kingdoms. (Applause.) The speaker heartily welcomed the Registration Bill introduced by Mr. Fow- ler, and concluded by saying that the past history of the Liberal party was indicative of the future great triumphs. (Applause.) Mr. A. R. Norman welcomed a settlement of the Irish question on many grounds. and for one reason that it would relieve the Parliament of the congested condition into which its work had sunk. (Hear, hear.) The Government was now stronger than at the commence- ment of taking office, but he advised that various petty schemes should not The pressed too ardently, for he was satisfied that the members of the Government Board redeem all their promises if sufficient time were allowed them. (Applause.) The members of the Government wera the best judges of order and precedence. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Boyle contended that under Home Rule, Irishmen would use their privileges sensibly and would not oppress any section of their fellow. countrymen. The Chairman in a short speech said he was highly pleased with one feature of the Horne Rule Bill and that was the abolition of the Irish constabulary of whom he related some personal experiences. He urged that the Government should go to the House of Lords with mea- sures suitable to the wishes of the country, and they would simply be irresistible. (Applause.) The resolution was carried unanimously. RUNCORN WATER BILL Mr. Boyle moved "That this meeting is of opinion that the ratepaying public are entitled to have informa- tion to enable them to form a correct estimate of the value of the Runcorn Water Company's concern,before be- ing asked for definite authority to purchase the same; the meeting therefore instructs the secretaries to write to the Board of Commissioners asking for copies of all informa- tion and reports relating to the same.—Mr. Roberts seconded.—Mr. Speakman thought it was not desirable that they should press for this information.—Mr. Hum- phreys corroborated and other ratepayers spoke in a similar strain. The resolution was then amended by the addition of the words "a week before the proposed next town's meeting," and in this form the resolution was carried. The Chairman asked fora volunteer to lead the discus- sion at the next meeting. Mr. Speakman said in his opinion the subject that should come before that Association shosild be for the political education of those in their midst, on the groat question of the day. .As to local matters he understood it was not intended to take so prominent a part except in cases where they, as an Association, saw there was very great need. That night there was a meeting being held for the purpose of forming a Ratepayers Association. There was plenty of work for both Associations to do, and he hoped that the Ratepayers Association now in process of formation would not come to the premature I

end that so many of its predecessors had done. If ther as members of the Libetal Association and as ratepayers could by an amalgamation of ideas do any good to the Ratepayers Association,or they Co the Liberal Association on local questions, it would be for the benefit of the town; but he thought the primary object of their Assoc iation was to have political discussions which would be an education and do them good as a party. (Applause.) Mr. Humphreys volunteered to introduce a discussion on the Manchester Licensing Bill at the next meeting.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL BLECTIONS.

Mr. W. Handley drew attention to the fact that a bill had been introduced into the House of Commons to. amend the law relating to the voting for and the quali- fication of members and electors of local authorities. provided for a proper register of electors, abolished plural voting and introduced voting by ballot. Boards of Commissioners were not included in the bill, and he suggested that a resolution be passed asking Mr. Brunner to endeavour to have the bill apillied to Boards of Coin- missioners.—Mr. Kniveton moved a resolution to that effect.—Mr. James Lea seconded, and Mr. Bisbrown heartily supported the motion as did also Mr. Speakman who said he had been pained for many years past in see- ing the way in which voters were brought to the poll at Runcorn, the system had been a standing disgrace to them. If Mr. Brunner could induce the introduction of the Bill to make it apply to Boards of Commissioners it would be a grand stroke of policy.—The resolution was carried and the meeting concluded.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
A SCENE ON THI SHIP CANAL AT LATCHFORD.

WATCHING A• " HOISTING 7 OPERATION. An interesting feature of the work connected, with the erection of the high level cantilever Bridge- over the Ship Canal at Latchford, took place on Tuesday morning. The bridge, which is being erected by a Derby firm of engineers, consists of a, combination of stone and iron. There are three arches to it—two minor ones built of stone, and the large centre arch, reaching across the cutting, consisting of iron girders. These girders have been constructed on trestle supports over the cutting. In height they are about 12 feet, and are 70 feet long. They each weigh 32 tons, and in construction have occupied a large number of mechanics for many weeks. Both girders were finished by last week end, and on Tuesday the " hoisting "operation commenced; that is tp say, the difficult task ot lifting the girders from the trestle work to their proper positions, was launched upon. The distance they had to be hoisted would be 80 feet, and the apparatus tor the purpose con- sisted of two lengths of strong chain, connected with " crabs" or hand windlasses on the top of each minor arch, being firmly attached to each end of the girder. Only one girder was hoisted at once, of course. It had taken almost a week to arrange all this " tackle" in a- manner sufficiently safe to bear the tremendous weight and strain which one of those girders would place upon - it. Providing there was no wind, it was agreed to ccmmence operations at nine o'clock on Tuesday morn- ing. The spot preseneed a very busy sight about half- past the hour. Despite the chillness of the atmosphere, a large number of people sauntered about the spot, awaiting the operation. About 20 or 30 workmen were - stationed at each "windlass," whilst on the trestle work engineers and superintendentet busied themselves in bestowing final tests upon the fastenings; for it meant serious mis- chief if any of the tackle proved treacherous—it pro- bably meant loss of life besides loss of work. For about half-an-hour the air just above those girders was one thick myriad of fragmentary "tackle,"-.--pieces of chain, bolts, hammers, &c., some being lowered to those on the girders and some being hoisted to the workmen en the of the stone arches; there were hammers clanging on final work, and above their noise could be heard the deeP- hoarse voice of the superintendent of the work, shouting his orders through the clang and noise to the workraeW above.

At length the "tackle" was perfect. Every man took his stand at a captstan bar at the widdlass ; there was pause—quiet through the cessation of all noises, and the', the superintendent shouted "Hi there! Are you al-er right at that windlass." The reply came down "Aye aye, sir." Then he turned his head in the other direc- tion and shouted " There ! are you al-er-right at that 1 crab,'" "Aye, aye, sir." Another pause, and then 'stand fast—let her go—there steady!" The large A iron girder had begun to ascend, slowly rising, like a gigantic beam, into the air, where it remained for more than an hour, gradually going higher and higher, by the help of the " crabs,"until at length h reached its destiny' safely. It was considered one of the "tallest jobs" that's been on hand for some time. The other girder will not be hoisted for about a week. There are close upon 1,000 tans of iron used in the structure, which will forty one of the largest bridges in the neighbourhood, and will be the only one of its class on the Canal.

===== 0002601_18930225_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
THZ NEW DEVIATION RAILWAYS.

We understand that it is the intention of the London and North-Western Railway Company to commence run' ning goods trains on the new deviation railways con- structed by the Manchester Ship Canal Company, earl,' next week. They will run as far as Moore in one direc- tion, and Thelwall in the other. Goods traffic will be conveyed on these lines for sit mouths before passenger trains will be allowed to run.

SI". BANNERS. Send for free illugrated Catalogue* SILK DIANN ERS. JLP. GEORGE' TUTILL, 83. City-road, Lond°l4.

CIRCU ,B 0 RhS PBrleLsisif3B47:,i,:feß_ MEHIORIAL CARDS, the Handbine, Window Bills, Posters, and printing of all kissso executed with neatness and despate. S• GS Wirwaartee7e7nnNwegEs:na; —..z—anitmdPiiriihne:itemstdGraereaeknnteed,traPupbrllinehtieidigh-wy Jorokgsx. 331V-iwt—sit.evg,Rstfrreyata°: and Published also at The Exlnvner Offices, viet.ria-,„. 25, 1893. -ell re (set .:11:11,t.I.Warl'inA3s:TDol:11::(3.1--Fg.e

M I M lII= n I I I MII I M 111 M I

===== 0002601_18930225_art0136.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1.4

===== 0002601_18930225_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
A

Solo of fiat 4 tit I 144

===== 0002601_18930225_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
Rad/ Intel 134ky &IA

===== 0002601_18930225_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
YV„ SF,4I,'ICYANT HOME MISSWNi ANNIVER- -m StTrieY. AT ST PAUL'S CHAPEL, RUNCORN. Maucst sv,i, 1893, TWO SERMONS, will be preached by the s, Div; REV THOMAS HIND, of Birkenhead. Service Monalne 10-30, Evening at 6 o'clock. Yrs'AT,,,I3AY AFTERNOON, MARCH 6Ta, 1893, the • PICKUP, or the St. Peter's Mission, Leeds, will reach. Service at 3 o'clock. e evening the ANNUAL MEETING will be held, a wheu Addresses will be delivered by `4ll/04' • J. PICKUP, MISS MORLEY, and MISS L.`seLOuGii,tiady worker3 in connection with the • `ede MlBBiOTl. Cheiir to' e taken at Seven o'clock by • , F. WIS WALL, ESQ., C.E. p• -ni.e Choir and Scholars from Brunswick Sunday School ehder suitable pieces. A collection at. the close of each

,v,..s_--..._.___ ....._. WICLIFFE CHURCH, BEWSEY - STREET. T 0,40 ---- 1104 bitßovi (E(TNDAY) EVENING, FEB. 261 m. STIR - 9 the Rev. J. YONGR'. Subject : "Christ's corn- passion for men ' at 6.30. Usual off ertor) . N.B.—Special mission

- -11-1,6-;;OIPIT) CHURCH OF P.:NOLAND EM- --k- Tzt c FIURCH, BOLD-STREET,W ARRINGTON. oFECIAL SERMON will be preached by REV. EDWARD T. REED. °Object : TO REV. (SUNDAY) EVENING. ~ "Is the Bible alone the Rule of Christian Faith. Y to a Lecture given in St. Mary's R.C. Church. Service at 6 30. 411 nest seekers after truth invited to attend.

Ir-- MPI rt E TI! EA,T R E OF VARIETIES, 11„ SANREY-STREET, WARRINGTON. 'ISTDAY, February 27th, and during the week. Another entire change of Company MR PR • Rikrun Including , "--,,D EV NNOTT, the gentlemanly Comique, Th raw HUGHES and SON NED in thelr grand Cornbtnatri N4R/Gifin,f,:sroo;l Entertainment eantit2led) "Clubs", Fred BondinLa screamingly oizszciere; and i ECILAS VER- -1 funny sketch. Prices as usual.

-- TAL COURT TEJEATRE, RYLANDS-ST., Co m WARRINGTON. 01,n,e'raZlioncl Februan 27th, for TWELVB and TWojjAy pRRFORMANCRS, the tiItANT, ATILYON RAYS' oPROTACITLAR COMIC PANTOMMIL 04.1nr. IINDO RIDING HOOD. gth 'N PERFO t CRS SATURDAYS, IWARCPI al" CiIIibitVNIA.AHALF:PRICE TO ALL PARTS. BOOKED AT ;AXIL. PIGOT'S. BRIDGE-STREET.

PLEASANT SUNDAY AFTERNOONS FOR MEN, AT YCLIFFE CHURCH, BEWSEY-STREET, BRIM', BRIGHT, BROTHERLY. Commencing Minot( STH, 1893. A- SHORT BRIGHT SERVICE. 8,4 To Last ONE HOUR. se r. ',y H. WALLING TON. Organist—Mr. W. H- - are PAYTON. invited to the First Meeting of the above on March sth, when gree MR. E. H. ROBINSON. Qeorge-street, Liverpool, P.S.A., will preside, and ON MR. ALDERMAN W. PEACH 43'°r of Stafford). President of Stafford P.S.A., will c 0,,, EXPLAIN THE PALA. MOVEMENT. ences punctually at 3. and closes promptly at 4. 00 ALL SEATS FREE! NO COLLECTION. Ine for the First Sunday and see how you like it. ALL MEN are Earnestly Invited.

IT"-N1---- AS CLARKE, EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, XARK ET-ST., BA.RLESTOWN. i`guvr4—.3,4l4Belectloo of PLAIN and FANCY STATIONERY Il7`fiwilectiat<,cli, London and Provinc'al Newspapers, Weekly .91StbotI:, Daily and Weekly Papers delivered In the vPhalb 11°0d of Earlestown,Wargrave, and the Vulcan. %Qv "NTINgs , e 411 . COMIC and FANCY, can be had at the

TRIPE! CHIP POTATOES. %to 1" PLATT'S, 24, BRIDGE STREET, EARLES- -41% TOWN, for noted Tripe; fresh daily. Pl'otatoes cooked in pure lard, by patent machinery, axe a speciality, and can be relied upon. also prepared to supply in any quantity Slid English tallow.

in 1. sped of +Wel thel

receives. Rest - sei vice the sum of (d)I

I Christian Sc Sur- Nature of name of the Address as Qualification Owner or Proxy described. as Objected to. described Signature of Address of

RUPTURES, FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. T. EGGINGTON'S Improved h'ffectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Trues and Surgical Appliance Works. 7 9. Grosvenor-street, Lon- don-road, Manchester. WILL BUY or EXCHANGE Curios, Diamonds, OH Gold and Silver; highest prico.—Jsmaint. Pawn- broker, 71. Oxford st.. Manchester.

LOST, a COLLIE BITCH in Earlestown, on Tues- day night. February 21st. Any Person returning the same to G. JONES, Wargnive Church Yard, will be rewarded, and any one detaining the same after this nctice, will be prosecuted.

BUXTON LIME FIRMS COMFANY LIMITED. —As Agents for above, we have always a stock of Lime at Mir wharf, Central Station, Warrington ; prices quoted, delivered by rail, cart, or boat —Apply ()LIM: and RIDGWAY. Central Station, Warrington, and Sankey Bridres.

MR. J J. BRADY, (Sen. Hon. D.C.M.) Band Master of Gossage's Prize Band, is prepared to teach a few young bands for Contests or other purposes.—For Terms apply 112, Oakland-street. Widnes.

DANCING AND CALISTHENICS.—MISS CAVA.NAGH holds her CLASSE+ SI 63, BENSEY-ST., WARRINGTON. BEGINNERS on MONDAY, 7-30 p.m. ADVANCED, on WEDNESDAYS, at 7-55 p.m. CHILDREN'S 011 SATURDAY, at 2 p.m.—Terms 10s. 6d. per quarter, commencing from date of entrance. FAMILIES ARRANGED WITH. PRIVATE LESSONS in all fashionable rosin dances. One guinea per quarter. Three lessons in the Waltz, 6s. 6d. SCHOOLS AND FAMILIES ATTENDED. PARK ROAD, NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS. -- MR. P. FAIRCLOUGH, Organist and Choir- master St. Peter's Church; Member of Trinity College, London, Solicits Pupils for Pianoforte, Organ Singing, Theory, Fec. Terms moderate. Pupils prepared for the Trinity College and other Examinations. Pianos carefully Tuned. Terms Moderate.

Situation.!

35 35 27

Earlesto'n Harlesto'n

THE HUMAN HAIR. IF YOUR HAIR IS FALLING OFF. Consult S. TAYLOR, or Use His Renowned Preparations, CANTHARIDES EXTRACT and POMADE, which are CERTAIN RESTAERS of the HAIR. TAYLOR'S SEDATIVE AND NUTRITIVE CREAM is Infallible for perfectly Relieving the Skin from Irritation and Freeing the Hair from Scurf. Prepared only by S. TAYLOR, HAIRDRESSER AND PERFUMER, 26 AND 28. KING-STREET. MANCHESTER.

A CCI.DENTS WILL HAPPEN. La. THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO., ("The oldsst and large At.") Has since 1849 pai for ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS £3,200,c 00. Established 1849. Rt. Hon. EVELYN ASHLEY, Chairman 64, Cornhill, London. W. D. MASSY, }Secretaries A. VIAN, AGENTS Warrington Mr. lIOLMES, Market Gate. Mr. W. 11. RIGBEY, Central Station. St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH. Hardshaw-street. Knutsford Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER. Sandi-moll • Mr. R. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge.

(A I ORRIS'S TOLU & HONEY. 1 11l The only Cure for Colds, Coughs, IBronchitas, Sm. FACTS. , 1 MORRIS'S TIC-CUItA PILLS. The only Cure for Neuralgia, Tic, and IToothache. 1 MORRIS, Chemist, Alexandra-road, Mira- t cheater, and all Dealers.

REGISTER OF OWNERS FOR THE DISTRICT OF RAI NF ORD . , I‘,TOTICE OF TIME FOR MAKING CLAIMS AND OBJECTIONS.—I hereby Give Notice that all persons who are entitlecbto vote as Owners or Proxies at the 3* Election of Members olli f e ',Board for the District of RAINFORD, armal,whd.ate no '1 e Register of Owners and Proxies now in fOir,e, or who be on the Register do not re- tain the qualifiction or the address described therein, and who are desirous to have their names inserted in the Register about to be made for the said District, and all persons who are de- sirous of objecting to any name on the Register now in force, are hereby required to give or send to me, on some one of the first six days of March next, a Claim of Objection [as the case may be] in the Form hereunder set forth. Dated this 20th day of February, 1893. W. RICHARDSON, Chairman. OWNERS' CLAIM. To the Chairman of the Local Board for the District of Rain- ford, this day of 1893. I, the undersigned, Claim to have my name inserted in the Register of Owners and Proxies for the District of Rainford, pursuant to the provisions of the Public Health Act, 1875, as Owner of the Property hereinafter described, which is situa- ted In the Parish of that is to say: (a) , I also state that the Interest or estate which I have in such Property, and the amount of all the Rent-service which I re- ceive or pay in respect thereof, and the Names of the Persons from whom I receive or to whom I pay such Rent-service, are set forth in the Form hereunder written :

In respect And in re- PAnd in re- of which spect of spect of Descrip- -- which I re- which I Estate or I have an pay in tion of pro- calve in From (e) Rent-ser- 'To (g) I perty. (b) Interest vice the ~,., vice theof sum of "/ sum of (d). s. d. 2 a. d. Signature of Claimant. Address (A) of Claimant. (a) Here insert a clear statement of the Property, as "House," " Building," " House and Acres of Land. (b) Describe the Property by its Name, Situation, or the Name of the Occupier, or any other designation by which it may be Identified. (c) Describe the Estate or Interest, as an estate in fee simple, or freehold, a term of years, and also whether it is held by the Claimant solely or jointly with others, and in the case of a partner claiming, insert the number and names of the other Partners in the Firm. (d) If the Property is let by the Owner, insert the amount of Rent received from each Tenant. (a) Insert Name of Tenant or Tenants. (f) If the Owner is a Lessee paying Rent, insert the amount of all the Rent he pays. (g) Insert the Name of the Lesser. (A) This need not be the Owner's residence; hut should be some Address within the district. * A Partner must set out the amount of Rent-service which he would receive or pay if the qualifying property were equally divided among his co-partners and himself. CLAIM OF PROXY. 'To the Chairman of the Local Board for the District of Rain- ford this day of 1893 1, the undersigned, having been appointed by of Owner [or Owners] of the Property hereinafter described, which is situated in the Parish of to vote as his [or their] Proxy pursuant to the provisions of the Public Health Act, 1875, claim to have my name inserted in the Register of Owners and Proxies for the District of Rainford as such Proxy. I herewith transmit to you (a) the writing under the hand or hands, or in the case of a Corporation, the seal] of appointing me such Proxy. I also state that the Interest or Estate which has [or have] in such Property and the amount of the Rent-service which he [or they] receives [or receive] or pays [or pay] in re- spect thereof, and the names of the persons from whom he [or they] receives [or receive], or to whom he [or they] pays [or pay] such Rent-service are set forth in the form hereunder written. In respect An "- And in re- of which spect of ' the Ap- v which the pointor Am.-ontor From Appointor To Hon of pro- , has an pays in PertY ("/ Estate or Rent - see- Interest vice the ; of (c) sum of (f) £ ie. id. £ s. d. • I Signature of Proxy. Address (h) of Proxy. (a) If the appointment itself is not sent. insert the words "an attested copy of. (6) Describe the property by its Name, Situation, or the Name of the occupier, or any other designation by which it may be identified. (c) Describe the Estate or Interest, as an estate in fee simple, of freehold, a term of years, and whether it is held by the Appointor solely or jointly with others. (d) If the property is let by the Appointor, insert the amount of rent received from' each Tenant. (e) Insert name of Tenant or Tenants. (f) If the Appointor is a lessee paying rent, insert the amount of all the rent he pays. (g) Insert the name of the Lessor. (h) This need not be the Proxy's Residence, but should be some address within the district. FORM OF OBJECTION. To the Chairman of the Local Board for the District of Rainford. This day , 1893. I hereby give you Notice that I object to the name of the Person mentioned and described below being retained on the Register of Owners and Proxies for the District of •

Descrip- tion of pro- perty (b)

Description (in case of Proxy) of Appointor.

IWargrave

SOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office : 168, ISLINGTON-SQUARE, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable 68 Weekly, Entire Charge £1 28. 3d. 250, „ 20s. „ t, £3 98. Od. £lOO, „ 40s. „ £6 16s. Od. ALEX. GORDON. Manager.

ELEMENTARY EDUCATION ACT, 1801, Section V.—Notice B. P. COUNTY OF LANCASTER. SCHOOL DISTRICT OF NEWTON-IN-MACKERFIELD. WHEREAS it has been represented to the Education Depart- ment that there is in part cf the School District of NEWTON-IN-MACKERFIELD that is to sty, in the Districts of EARLESTOWN and WA r GRAVE, an insuffici- ent r mount of Public School accommodation without payment of fees, for children over 3 and under 15 years of age, for whom such accommodation is desired; AND WHEREAS the Educational Department are satiSfied, after inquiry, that such is the case ; NOW THEREFORE, the Lords of the Committee of Council on Education have decided. and HEREBY GIVE NOTICE : I. The School district is the Parish of NEWTON-IN- MACKERFIELD. The Schools named in Schedule I. of this Notice supply Public School accommodation, without payment of fees, available for the said part of such District, for the number of Scholars mentioned in such Schedule. 111. Additional Public School accomodation without payment of fees, of the amount and description mentioned in Schedule 11. of this Notice, appears te be required for the said part of such District. SCHEDULE I.

Name and Descrip- tion. Schools situate in the above- mentioned parts of the Dis trict— Existing ... Earladen Wesleyan Sctool Earlesten District.. Wargraye Emanuel Church ofi England I School ... Wargraye Vale‘n Foundry Infantir School ... Vulcan ... TOTAL 646 SCHEDULE 11.

No. of free places for Boys Girls

Amount and Des- cription of accom- Situation modation required. Free accommodation In a convenient for 303 Boys and at nation or situa-' Girls ... tions tor Earlestown and Vulcan. Education Department, 21st day ot February, 1893. Notice No. 5. G. W. KEKEWICH The Warrington Union. Secretary.

REGISTER OF OWNERS FOR THE DISTRICT OF HAYDOCIL NOTICE OF TIME FOR MAKING CLAIMS AND OBJECTIONS.—I Hereby Give Notice that all persons who are entitled to vote as Owners or Proxies at the Election of Members of the Local Board for the District of lIAYDOCK, and who are not on the Register of owners and Proxies now in force, or, who being on the Register do not retain the qualification or the address described therein, and who are desirous to have their names inserted in the Register about to be made for the said District, and all persons who are desirous of objecting to any name on the Register now in force are hereby required to give or send to me, on some of the first six days of March next, a Claim or Objection [as the case may be] in the Form hereunder set forth. Dated this 22nd day of February, 1893. / T. DIIi.tYTON GRIMKE-DRAYTON, Chairman of the Local Board. OWNER'S CLAIM. To the Chairman of the Local Board for the District of Ilaydock, this day of 189 . I, the undersigned, Claim to have my name inserted in the Register of owners and Proxies for the District of Hay- dock, pursuant to the provisions of the Public Health Act, 1875, as owner of the Property hereinafter described, which is situated in the Parish of Haydock, that is to say : (a) I also state that the Interest or estate which I have in such Property, and the Amount of all the Rent-service which I receive or pay in respect thereof, and the Names of the Persons from whom I receive or to whom I pay such Rent service, are set forth in the Form hereunder written

iofhav_„,an weheijcvhe iirne- in From (e) And in re- And in re- speet of spect o In respect which f which I MY Rent-ser- t. i Do ne Bocfrpro-iP - pertY• (19) Interest Rent-ser- vice the Estate or vies the of (c) sum of (d)a surn of ( fr ____ _ EB,I d. ala. I d. 1 1

To (g)

Signature of Claimant. Address (It) of Claimant. (a) Here insert a clear Statement of the Property, as " House," " Building," "House and Acres of Land." (6) Describe the Property by its name. Situation, or the Name of the Occupier, or any other designation by which It may be identified.. (c) Describe the Estate or Interest, as an estate in fee simple, of freehold, a term of years, and also whether it is held by the Claimant solely or jointly with others, and in the case of a Partner claiming, insert the number and names of the other Partners in the Firm. (d) If the Property is let by the Owner, insert the amount of Rent received from each Tenant. (e) Insert Name of Tenant or Tenants. (f) If the Owner is a Lessee paying Rent, insert the amount of all the Rent he pays. (g) Insert the name of the Lessor. (h) This need not be the Owner's residence ; but should be * p a some Address within the district. A Partner must set out the ifamthoeunqtuaoliffyßinegnt-pserorvprrteywwhiecrhe he would receive or y equally divided among his co-partners and himself. CLAIM OF PROXY. To the Chairman of the Local Board for the District of Haydock, this day of 189 I, the undersigned, having been appointed by of Owner [or Owners] of the Property hereinafter described, which is situated in the Parish of Haydock, to vote as his [or their] Proxy pursuant to the provisions of the Public Health Act, 1875. claim to have my name inserted in the Register of Owners and Proxies for the District of Ilaydock as such Proxy. I herewith transmit to you (a) the writing under the hand [or hands, or in the case of a Corporation, the seal] of appointing me such Proxy. I also state that the Interest or Estate which has [or have] in such Property and the amount of the Rent- service which he [or they] receives [or receive] or pays [or pay] in respect thereof, and the names of the persons from whom he [or they] receives [or receive], or to whom he [or they] pays [or pay] such Rent-service are set forth in the form hereunder written.

in respect And in re--1 And in re- of which soca of 1 spect of the Ap- which the which the pointor Appointor .., „ Appointor - has an receives in 'rorn ` ' pays in To (g) Estate or Rent - ser- Rent - ser- Interest vice the vice the of (c) sum of (d) sum of (1) - - - - £ s. (I. £ s. Id. I . I . . -- • -

Signature of Proxy. Address (h) of Proxy. (a) If the appointment itself is not sent, insert the words "an attested copy of." (b) Describe the property by its Name, Situation, or the Name of the occupier, or auyothikr designation by which it may be identified. (c) Describe the Estate or Interest, as an estate in fee simple of freehold, a term of years, and whether it is held by the Appointor solely or jointly with others, (a) If the property is let by the Appointor, insert the amount of rent received from each Tenant (e) Insert name of Tenant or Tenants. (f) If the Appointor is a Lessee paying Rent, insert the amonnt of all the rent he pays, (g) Insert the Name of the Lessor. (h) This need not be the Proxy's Residence, but should be I some address within the parish. FORM OF OBJECTION. To the Chairman of the Local Board for the District of Ray- dock. This day of , 189 • I hereby give you Notice that I object to the name of the Person mentioned and described below being retained on the 'Register of Owners and Proxies for the District of Haydock.

Christian &Sur- Nature of Description (in name of the Address as Qmilification case of PrOxy. Owner or Proxy described, as of Objected to. described. Appointor. --

TEETII. TEETH. TEETH. TEETH . • PARKINSON'S TEETH, are, at the price, EETH. TEETH. UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The public may rest assured that these statements are based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, and perhaps TEETH, the best guarantee of this to intending patients is that J. H. PARKINSON has one of the Largest Dental Practices in England, the Out- come of employing the BEST LABOUR, using T the BEST MATERIALS obtainable, and charg- I TEEM lag the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. Any set made, or work done by him, and TEETH. tionh e andse c °r not giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION in Every Detail will be immediately corrected, or TEETri. an ENTIRE NEW SET made FREE OF I CHARGE. necodimtiomnesnidnastuiorenyheexepmubplllica'sedsatbiysfa2cl TEETH.- sets having been inserted for patients during TEETH. one year only, directly and indirectly throt gh . the voluntary persuasion and recommendation TEETH. of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any or all of these patients' names and addresses, for refe- TEETHrence, will be given to any would-be patient personally applying for them. These, with thousands in the past, each recommending TEEM. their friends, speak volumes for Mr. Parkin- son's success. rpETH. His unusually Large Dental Establishment, adapted for the COMFORT of Patients, MUST TEETH. NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCOME FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily from 9 to 12 TEETH. and 2to 6. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION, as hitherto, by the aid of his own made TEETH. LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which he now liquefies for sale to dentists nearly 10,000 gal- TEETH. lone weekly. Patients, have, therefore, in this speciality also the benefit of his experience. TEETH. CLOSED ALL DAY ON FRIDAYS. TEETH. d. H. PARKINSON, Dentist by Examination, 46, MOSLEY-STREET. MANCHESTER, WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, at Miss Charles's. Ladies' Outfitter, Sankey-street, from 2 to 5 p.m. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes, (late Misii Parson's), Confectioner, Bridge-street, from 2 to 6. NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS. at Miss Gibson's, Z. Castle- Street. from lar 11 to b. Jai

LAST WEEK OF SALE: EVAN'S, SANKEY STREET. LAST WEEK OF SALE. EVAN'S, SANKEY STREET. LAST WEEK OF SALE. EVAN'S, SANKEY STREET. LAST WEEK OF SALE. EVAN'S, SANKEY STREET. LAST WEEK OF SALE. EVAN'S, SANKEY STREET. LAST WElsa OF SALE. EVAN'S, SANKEY STREET.

AS. M. G REENHALOIL 4,JABINET MAKER AND UPHOLSTERER. SHOWROOM: 48, SANKEY-STREET. WORKSHOP : KING-STREET, WARRINGTON.

WILLIAM McCREADIE, DECEASED.—PUR- SUANT to the statute 22nd awl 23rd Victoria Chap- ter 35. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that all persons having any CLAIMS against the estate of William Mc Creadie, late of the White Hart Hotel, Warrington, in the County of Lancaster. Licensed Victualler, deceased (who died on the sth day of January last, and whose will was proved on the 9th day of February instant, in the Liverpool District Probate Registry, by Annabella McCreadie, the Ex- ecutrix), are hereby requi, ed to send in the particulars of their elAims to the undersigned on or before the 25th day of March next, after which day the Executrix will distribute the assets of the deceased. Dated this 22nd day 01 February, 1893. ARTHUR B.ROWNE, 1, Cloth Hall Yard, Witrrington. Solicitor for the Executrix.

RUNCORN IMPROVEMENT COMMISSIONERS RUNCORN WATER BILL. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that at a PUBLIC MEET- ING of the owners and ratepayers of the Distaict of the Runcorn Improvement Commissioners held in Bethesda Lecture Hall, Runcorn, on the lith day a February, 1893, in pursuance of the Act of the 35th and 36th Victoria. chapter 91 intituled "An Act to authorise the application ef funds of municipal Corporations and other governing bodies in certain macs," I as Chairman of such meeting, and in compliance with the Statute, proposed the following resolution Ti at this meeting as representinv the owners and ratepayers of the District of the Runcorn Improvement Commissioners do pursuant to the previsions of the Act of the 35th and 36th Victoria, chapter 91 intitule "An Act to authorise the applies, ion of funds of Hunicipa' Corporations and other governing bodies in certain cases" approve of and consent to the following re elutions of the Runcorn Improvement Corn- missii ners passed at their meeting held in the Town Hall, Runcorn, on the 28th day of November' 1892, namely t That application be made to Parliament in the Session of 1893 for a Bill to provide for the purchase by the Runcorn Improvement Commissioners, compulsorily or by agree- ment, of the undertaking of the Runcorn, Weston and Halton Waterworke Company, the winding up and dissolution of the Comoatty, the extension of powers for the Local Government of the District, the amendment of Acts, and for other pur- poses. That the costs, charges and expenses preliminary and Incidental to the applying for, promoting and passing such Bill into an Act shall be charged upon the Gener.,l District Rate," And that on being put to the meeting the said resolution was carried. Now I hereby declare the said resohdion to be duly passed and imlopted and hereby as required by law publish a copy of the same Dated this 17th day of February, 1891 FRANCIS WISWALL. Chairman of the Runcorn Improvement Commissioners.

BLAIR'S ---------- GOUT, REIBUMATISM, .----- LUMBAGO, -- NBURALCUA, ISSOt C 6CIATICA. 11)°13 ACcrXEThe PAIN NO is quickly relieved. o°l3l and cured in a few days by these celebrated Pills, well known as the Great Remedy for the above complaints. Sure. Safe, and Effectual BOLD BY ALL CHEMISTS at is. lid., and 2s. 9d. per box. PILLS.

HOOFING COUGH The celebrated efectua I.3IOOPING COUGH cure without internal medicine. I_IOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price HOOPING COUGH 48. per bottle. Sole Wholesale Agents: W. EDIVA.P.DS & BON, BHONC El ITIS 157, Queen Victoria Street, London. CROUP

HOME MADE MARMALADE. A DELICACY IN EVERY HOUSEHOLD. COLLINGE'S SEVILLE ORANGE MARMALADE. SOLD BY ALL GROCEES.-WORKS: EARLBSTOWN.

RAIN! RAIN ! ! RAIN! ! ! GENTS' UMBRELLAS. 4s. 6G. TO 20s. SPLENDID STOCK TO SELECT FROM. PAUL'S "SPECIALITE," HALF-A-GUINEA. Fox's Paragon Ribs. Best Gloria Cover, Horn or Natural Handles, with Sterling Silver Mounts. 10s. 6d. The best value ever offered. GOOD FRAMES RE-COVERED AND MADE EQUAL TO NEW. THE CHEAPEST SHOP IN WARRINGTON FOR MACINTOSHES. PAUL, THE PRINCIPAL HOSIER, 69, BRIDGE-ST., WARRINGTON. Two doors from Lion. Hotel.

E. T. E V A N S' STOCKTAKING SALE. THE EXCHANGE, MARKET-STREET, EA.RLESTOWN. GENUINE BARGAINS. EVERYTHING REDUCED. Heaps upon Heaps of Remnants of all sorts of goods marked at a GREAT SACRIFICE. Special Purchase of EIDER DOWN QUILTS offered at 235. 6d. usual price 355. 6d. LADIES TIGHT-PITTING LONG JACKETS. high shoulders and Braided. is. lid, usual price. 10s. 6d. Remainder of TOYS. DOLLS, and FALITCY GOODS offered at half price—or given away on these condi- tions viz :—During the Sale Purchasers of 10s.parcels receives a 3d. article. Purchasers of 2Js. parcels re- ceives a 6d. article. Purchasers of 40s, parcels receivea a Is. article. E. T. EVA N S. 17 to 23 MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN.

HALL'S MY HATTER. THE CELEBRATED W. W. OR WEAR WELL MAKE OF HATS. MADE FROM PURE NATURAL FUR AND PURE LAMBS' WOOL, ELASTIC AND UNBREAKABLE, DURABLE, COMFORTABLE AND EASY FITT- ING AND PERFECTLY VENTILATED. Ti FROM 2/6 TO 6/6 Made by TRADES' UNION workpeople in a British Factory. To be obtained only from THE NOTED HAT SHOP. 1, MARKET GATE. WARRINGTON.

LORD BROTHERS, MANTLE MANUFACTURERS ARE NOW OFFERING SPLENDID VALUE IN FUR EDGE CLOAKS ULSTERS AND CAPES, T HALF PRICE. LORD BROTHERS, 128, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

HODGKINSON' S 46 AND 48 BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. CLEARANCE SALE TEN DAYS' ONLY. COMMENCING WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1893. N OTICE. WE BEG TO POINT OUT THE ADVANTAGE OF THE PRESENT SALE. Our Stock is almost quite new, our leading Depart- ments being entirely cleared at our last Sale. "Therefore, ladies will find this a good opportunity to purchase really reliable High-class Goods at excep- tioal prices, our objet being to keep our Depart- ments thoroughly up to date in Fashion. We have marked the Stock at such Prices as will be appreciated and enable us to carry out our arrangements for Spring at an early date, and so CLOSE THIS SALE IN TEN DAYS. OPECIAL NOTICE. All Dresses bought during the Sale will be made at 10s. 65. each for cash, to be made DURING THE SALE ONLY. Af,er that date the usual charge will be made. MANTLE DEPARTMENT. RICH SILK PLUSH AND DAMASK MANTLES. LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S CLOTH JACKETS, IMPERIAL WATERPROOFS, TWEED MACINTOSHES, SEALSKIN JACKETS. FUR LINED MANTLES. &c. Also the entire Stock of rurs at Low Prices to clear. DRESS DEPARTMENT. Upwards of 3,Cooysrds of Beautiful French D'Laines. About 2,500 yards of High-Classs Costume Tweeds. About 2,090 yards of Black Dress Fabrics of Various Kinds, Aboat 1,50 yards of Evening Dress Fabrics. About 85 Handsome Cloth and Embroidered Robes A quantity of Dress Laces and Netts (quite new goods). About 150 yds. of Colored Silk Velvets and Plushes—all shades. About 500 yds. Black and Colored Dress Silks. About 40 Black and Colored Costumes ready made. Also several Bail Costumes, Tea Gowns, Dressing Gowns, Ac. MILLINERY DEPARTMENT. The entire Stock of Trimmed Millinery, compris- ing Handsome Pattern Bonnets and Hats, at nomi- nal peces to clear. All Feathers, Flowers, Ornaments, Untrimmed Hats and Bonnets, &c., at very low prices to clear. FANCY DEPARTMENT. Great Bargains in Fans, Laces, Gloves. Umbrellas, Aprons, Ribbons, Ties, Handkerchiefs, Hosiery, Skirts, Underclothing' &c., &c. Also a quantity of Lace and Tapestry Curtains, Table Cloths, Cushions, Art Muslins, &c. Also about 1.000 yards of Dress Satteens, Prints, &C., very cheap. PLEASE NOTE, SALE FOR 10 DAYS ONLY Commencing WEDNESDAY, ALL GOODS SOLD FOR CASH ONLY.

UNSWORTH BROS.' GREAT WINTER SALE, COMMENCING FEBRUARY 11TH. £5,000 WORTH OF CLOTHING. HOSIERY, SHIRTS, HATS, CAPS, &C. ENTIRE STOCK REDUCED! 211. to se. in the Pound off. 14, 26, 47, & 49, HIGH-STREET, RUNCORN. SEED FOR CATALOGUE.

RICHARD TOFT (late Cooper), 14, Holism,- MARKET-BP., and 6, SANICRY-STRIEET, WARRINGTON WHOLESALE TOBACCONIST and CIGAR IMPORTER, Meerschaum. Wood. and Clay Pipes. Walking Stickooke.

WHITE STAR LINE, ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK.. via Queenstown, every Wed. GERMANIC—Wed.. Mar. 1 I .MAJESTIC ... Wed.. Mar. 8 Second Cabin will be carried on the voyage marked thus" Steerage passengers w ill now be carried by Special Arrangement The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform In model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply JOSEPH SMITH, 61, Legh-et., War- rington, or to XBhtLY Imam, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street. London. 8.C.. and 10, Water-street. Liverpool,

WARNER'S "SAFE- CURE FOR ALL KIDNEY AND LIVER TROUBLE WARNER'S "SAFE" CURE FOR GENERAL DEBILITY AND BRiGHT'S DISHAt, T ° USAN DS OF TESTIMONIALS Its eppcidimipg its merits are on file and may be examined. ianns are nimpeachable. Sold by all Chemists and olne Vendors. Pamphlet mailed free on application to • WARNER & Co., Ltd„ 86, Clernkenwell-road, London.

Role Rill, the line which they mean to take being clearly an attempt to rouse the fears and prejudices of the elec- torate of the United Kingdom. There is no reason to suppose that the attempt will succeed, but Liberals are warned or what lies before them, and are recommended to secure for the measure the most ample consideration, for, in the opinion of the Committee, the more the bill is examined and the more thoroughly its plan is appre- hended the more conspicuous will become the wisdom, prudence, and foresight of its framers. THE ELECTIONS. _- LIBERAL VICTORY AT HEXHAM. The result of Friday's polling was declared on Satur- day. The following are the official figures : Mr. M. M'lnnes, L 4,804 Mr. R. Clayton. C --- Liberal majority 446 At the two previous elections the figures were as follows :- 1886. 1892. Mr. M. M'lnnes, L ... 4,177 Mr. N. G. Cla3 ton, C 4,092 Visct. Melgund, LU... 3,220 Mr. M. Winces, L 4,010 -- -9-57 I 82 --- SOUTH MEATH. The result of the polling for the South Meath division was declared at Trim shortly after one o'clock on Satur- day. The figures were : Mr. Jeremiah Jordan (Nationalist) 2,707 Mr. J. J. Dalton (Redmondite) --- Majority 69 Last July Mr. Daltoa was defeated by Mr. Fullam, the figures being : Mr. P. Fullam (M'Cathyite) 2,122 Mr. J. J. Dalton (Parnellite) -- Majority B3 STOCKPORT. This election took place on Wednesday, and the result was declared as follows . G. Whiteley (C) M. A. Sharp-Hume (L) --- Majority 465 At the general election the figures were as follow : J. Leigh (L) L. J. Jennings (C) M. A. Sharp-Hume (L) C. P. Bowes-Lyon (C) 4,681 After the declaration of the poll, Mr. Joseph Leigh, M.P. for the borough, said in going about the town that day he had seen some sealed envelopes. He did not actually know what they contained, but he felt there was a condition of things existing in the borough which it would be their work as Liberals to alter. -- NORTH MEATH. Mr. James Gibney (Nationalist) was on Wednesday elected for North Meath in opposition to Mr. Pierce Mahony (Parnellite). The figures were:— Mr. J. Gibney (Nationalist) Mr. P. Mahony (Parnellite) --- Majority 258 At the general election the figures were : Mr. Davitt (Nationalist) 2,549 Mr. Mahony (Parnellite) 2,146 Mr. Gibney, addressing a meeting afterwards, said that the result of the election was the death blow of faction. He had triumphed despite the Tory vote, the men of that party having come from the uttermost ends of the country to oppose him. Mr. Mahony said the struggle would be continued, and he severely condemned the Roman Catholic clergy for the part they had taken in the contest. He ueclared that they had stooped to unworthy practice:, and had injured their own Church. -- Mr. Henri Josse, the Liberal member for Grimsby, has applied for the Chiltern Hundreds. His resignation has caused much regret among his cosistituents.

...------.14. • .41 , ' ;,•„•;,.,.....---- ....----____ • . ...... 4,-7..,• ~..• /*/ ''''..N., _ • ~" /'••"e..""e-'-i ' -4-,:::::"*.--, ' , 4.1,;;;',/' -1-71.:---"..: .-9 .---*". I ')-; ' ''"A'lll'' \ \-V, ..i..'7 ~.,..-4r• ' 11 hil,‘A N.:.'.•:*.4•6•\ '/ / • t/. kPiitiOq A\ '`M%‘ / / ..-' - C r-----,P4 ;;;'''-';' vit',i‘k.,,,•\ . 4,\AN,,iA ~ -11:1•• ,1.-. .'AN4--‘l"N‘. ' ' - " -'j ''''' _ ..„........_. __. -. ;44,,,,,„40.; •:,,.,,-.:,,--4•• -,,t .rp,A,,qviv,i,:i.ii,„„,„,,„,,,,,„,;.:,.,, .. . „„,..,•• .. ~.. ___Ar-- - -....... • • :Or Vile' , ,i.„ ....4%:::15:iiii!;1444:1011111.111111 /1 , . i ill,th, ,:::•;: .: . t•:•::::.:•:. yll •','.'' ._, ......e.,,,11 „. ~...7.:,,.._ V44:14,' • . --ra•-011.‘wwfre,•:,.. , ~ ' , .i,'7:7- ' ) 1 N •i. 107— (,:::ntst:takii* ! ~..,04 ..,„„ , /w./ :. "2. '',.:,::,:, •,\ \saigtaStV \ 1 ' ' ''''t*.. 'le ' , ~ mop .e. p. ..-;,• , --s-------- wv---,••• ..„..,,, „....„,4 ~ • r ~ -,,,, ._ .....,,,, ~, •,..•• ~ . • / 111 ilklri. ?;.:•., ~, ~ . • e , 41,, ,• . ..- , A, I4'. .:1; • ~,,,i . A,•17.• 1 i i 0/1 ,6 •i; " •. 4 . . I •••• % . ----,.. • -. T. 3774 ;' .s\s'i7.*: :1 '4'1"4.',1i 4;11'1 s 1,.. ''''.••••\•:•1'.'.•.`.:,••.,•,•.V4.1.4iita• .1 ' P. •1111111111,11 ~,,,,;7 140IIITATIIPC. : ~,•,,,,,,.‘" E.-AI .7.7,;_,_........, :.......„...1,...• .... fL/ an,,„„„.. \,, • % ~,,,„ •.,,,p4 _____=__, ...,_ • , ~,, : : :::. 1:,___1(')i.:,..„.,,....i:,....,:: vi..,.‘ :. i. oji.„ ~.. ....: ~, 1.1:,i,:iil,;i.i,,,:i.::;,:::1:.1:,:i.t.„:;1:,••:!/.,f7i::/„,:d:o,:ii...:.,. iit 3 ii,. ,),.24,4,(;-,i' i_./,,,....„, 74:::,?;::::.1-7::::;',,,,:t.:::4'4:1,'.,/,,,:,...irt:',.,„:1_,:::`::::.::_:„...._,,,_,....____„: ....7in, fill iiig, - - - - / ia.,,,4.4_,L.,k:-__-___-:-:--_-__- __ •• co _____ .., ______. „......w. , • ,s, _ 1 ....____ ......_ • ---.7T......— ......8-4...-- .-- .:,'4l. OA _,- q,_: , -, ---:. - - - 2L,-.-;-- ". -.,.,• . .lifv.,-,-,::',,,,:. - • ill i r A w.,,,45,45,0„. I .... . . ~ . ~,. • .„..,.......,...„,,,•, U 4 A Acie ,t,-;,,,; ~, ,; p r•-. 1,6 tt Yh. <.•;::CY.:i' ':":.; st WI .0.-; ev-,,,: i. ~:°`?.-;:z.ii io ,t- 4:v. 1 T,z-:.t. 4 , . 4f.v,-c-.:•,.,,:i,,,rt...4 ',.l.'e.f.tliti4's) i :.,: .1 ~,i4; , ~.. ~, 4,, % it.,•:•, _, • .3•••,,,r I • ~ t, • i'" • r • . • •, ' ,•• • -•••• 4, . . ..1 via>.)-ir,6li,dscts:Naiss;os .1,-..silw) T,tl4t t! tl6l 1 "1" " '"14! 'lll-trl'''c . -'4'..".L. ,:. • ..' r . • i ••k• 41,0, w'rlk d•ar auilik;,,..-41, isatittLf.,,t ,:-ElliTtlitiOrtit ,f 4., r.t Troittnsisall 0,04,410 i '.,..,4.# ,:di ..it. :44°Y.Virrairakw ..-rao a xxam a , . . • . , . . 1 . .. • - ' • ,i • . . . • , • ' . ' . ,

(gluratton. Q,IINNY BANK LADIES' COLLEGE, WILMSLOW, CHESHIRE. —High Class School. Principal Mrs.LOBEN- HOFFER nee Somerville). Particulars on application.

MlSlSessonLsEjlaLnuAary 113723thIRinSTsiOngWin, (LinC4.ll4isi:andreltsaulimane.s) V. ice production and breathing, (specialite).—Terma &c., apply 10. Bold-at. Warrington.

ADIES' SCHOOL,MELCHET HOUSE, LYTHAM. IL/ —lnclusive terms. special for ci rgv. references to arents, vacancy for articled pupil.—Principals, the Misses HALICET (Miss. S. Halket,L.L.A.)

ROCK HOUSE, Hathersage, near Sheffield, Derby- shire,Catholic Preparatory School for young Gentlemen. The Misses FARRELL receive yowls gentlemen from 5 to 12 years of age, vacancies after Christmas holidays. Terms on application.

pLAREMONT, MOUNT EPHRAIM - ROAD, STREATHA.M, LONDON. PREPARATORY SCHOOL for the Sons of Gent'emen. (Established 1381) Tutor a.B.A. London, Principal—Miss JULIA. GRIFFITHS. Prospectus on Application.

S SCHOOL, (Catholic), Brampton, ST. GEORGE' Huntingdon, (It hours from King's Cross). A thoroughly Professional or Commercial Education provided at a moderate pension.—Address The PRINCIPAL.—N.B. he next term begins on January 17th, 1893.

WANTED to increase connection of Girls' Boarding School in the neighbourhood of Liverpool. LARGE HOL SE. very well situated. INCLUSIVE TERMS.—English and accomplishments, 30 to 40 guineas. ADDRESS M., ExamTner Office, Warrington.

THE MARLING ENDOWED SCHOOL, STROUD. Chairman of Gower: ors : Sir W. 11. Marling. Bart. bchool Fees. £ —£3 a Term ; Boarding Fees, on!) £3O per Annum. Boys admitted at any period at Pro, ortionate Fees. For particulars apply.—W. J. UREENSTREET, M.A., Head- master.

PREPARATORY BOARDING SCHOOL FOR YOUNG GENTLEMEN, WEST ROYD, FORMBY, NEAR LIVERPOOL. Under the Patronage of HIS LORDSHIP THE BISHOP OF LIVERPOOL, AND THE RIGHT REV. MGR. CARE, V.G. This school offers special advantages to young and delicate boys, being near the sea, and situated in the healthiest part ot Lancashire. Home comforts and individual attention. Pupils prepared fer different examinations References to many of the clergy and parents of present and former pupils. Conducted by Cert floated Mistresses. For terms, /cc., apply to Miss GOSFORD, as above.

OUTHPORT, SUNNYSIDE HYDRO, Promenade L. extension. Physician, Dr. Bernardo, A summer and winter n•sidence, combining all the comforts of a pleasant home. Sea view, parks, pier, and trams near. New Turkish and other baths, billiards, and tennis. Terms moderate.—J. BooCoCK, proprietor.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 To 40, LUDGATE HILL. HOME COMFORTS. CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. Central for business or pleasure.

ORESCOT UNION. FEMALE HOSPITAL NURSE.— WANTED a FEMALE NO SE. (without encumber- ance), with a knowledge of Midwifery t the Workhouse Hospital, Whiston, Presc t. Salary £3O per annum, with uniform. rations, ration allowance, and apartments in the Workhouse. Applications from persons fully competent to undertake the duties, stating age, present employment etc., accombanied by copies of three Testimonialsof recent data (which will not be returned) to be delivered to me not later than 10 a.m. on Monday 60a of March. A. F. MANN Clerk to Oe Guardians Union Offices, Whiston, Prescot, Feb nrdlo3.

VVANTED, thoroughly efficient MANAGERESS for Steam Laundry—Semi application stating ave. expe- rience, and salary required to ShCRETARY, The Baths, Swan- sea.

TiEFT OFF CLOTHES bought, best price for parcels for- -1 warded, if not approved, goods returned.—JAMES Goa- MAN, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326, 328. and 346, Deansgate, Manchester.

QECOND-HAND DRESS SUITS, Military, Theatritsl,Band kJ Uniforms for sale or hire.—JAMES GORMAN. New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326. 328, and 346, DPanszate, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits perfectly new at a third cost price.

AGENTS WANTED to represent a Firm established since 1383. A genuine, permanent and very remunera- tive Agency, to which no outlay or expense is attached, and which can easily be worked, by EITHER SEX, in spare time. We have Agents of 8 years' standing. who have earned as much as £2 A WEEK, whose testimonials will be sent. Write name and full address on a post-card to A. M. RICHARDSON, 47, Easinghall Street, London. E.C., when full particulars will be forwarded post free.

rilWO VACANCIES in Scientific Dressmakers College.— Here young ladies are thoroughly taught either dress- making or the French mill.nery business. In eight weeks girls are quite competent to earn their own living, and are then placed in good situations. Young people are sent from all parts of England. Ireland, and Scotland to be trained at this college, where proficiency is guaranteed in the eight weeks. Many dressmakers in the old style come here to learn this splendid new •ch ntific system. No dress requires to be fitted on. The charges at, this college are extr, mely moderate, to suit the times. The ages of students vary from 14 to 45. References given to late pulls dolng well in life. References required with each stn.., ent. Home comforts and every care is taken of young people placed at this college by their parents to be taught. --Write for prospectus to Madame DRAKE, Norwich.

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. S. COVENTRY ORDER TAILOR, In now showing at his New Premises LEADING NOVELTIES, in OVERCOATINGS, SUITINGS St TROUSERINGS FOR THIS SEASON. Note the new address :-4. HIGH-ST. (next door to the Post Mee. RUNCORN.

IRONMONGERY! IRONMONGERY! WM. LAWSON 57, MARKET-ST., EARLESTOWN. GENERAL IRONMONGER, WHOLESALE CABINET IifAKER, SANITARY AND DOMES- TIC ENGINEER. Tin, cooper, and ironplate worker, and general copper smith. BRASS FURNISHING, in all its branches, under- taken. Brass. Iron, and Steel castings supplied from Customers' own patterns or to order. CYCLES CAREFULLY REPAIRED AND REPAINTED. INVENTOR AND PATENTEE OF THE LAWSON LIME-LIGHT APPARATUS. Note the address : _ 57 MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN.

GEORGE JACKSON, PAWNBROKER, JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH, 69, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES, JEWELLERY, marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING, CHINA, GLASS, GUNS, and MUSICAL IN- STRUMENTS of a very Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silvan LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOOD'S FIE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

SECOND HAND ENGLISH SIL- VER LEVER WATCH, made by " Shepperd " of London. Cost origin- ally seven guineas, in splendid going Payments taken. order. Stout on amaged silver Cases, warranted for three years, will guarantee satisfaction, and take 255. the astonishing low price of

1 ADY'S forfeited SILVER WATCH, LI handsomely engraved case, with fashionable Solid SILVER Payments taken. ALBERT, with Tassel and Compass. The lot cost when new fifty shillings. 12s. D. Warranted, will sacrifice for

lAD Y'S very fashionable Solid JIJ Walnut Square WORK TABLE, with four well carved Legs, well fitted Payments taken. inside. equal to new. Make handsome present, well worth 30s. will take

JTEST out of Pledge. GENT'S five guinea SILVER LEVEE, Centre Seconds Chronograph Stop WATCH. Payments taken. Compensating balance, every action perfectly jewelled, new eight months t 2 8 ago, warranted for seven years Only S. *JD.

t-I-11/IST-CLASS Bed Room Mahogany or Birch TOILET GLASS, 21 inches high, 15 inches wide with Payments taken. round fronted drawer at bottom, 4 1 1 splendid plate, only . S. D.

EISII3ROCATION for SPRAINS, RHEUMATICS. &a. Recipe, post free, 13 etamps.—M.B.-110. Hoxton-Bt., London.

EARTHENWARIL—Seconds, in crates, £2; best useful Goods, £3 ; write for lists.—EARLE WORKS POTTERY, Longton, Staffordshira.

ARISTOTLE'S WORKS, with plates 32 pages, 30 stamps. t•Parls by night, or Gay Life in Paris' ; illustrated 30 stamps.—Post free l. BOIVICER, 27, Renshaw-st., Liverpool (IHARACTER from Handwriting deAring a faithful NJ delineation of their character should send specimen with is. id. to Professor ( anorta, 312, Vauxhall Bridge road, Westminster, London.

SCOTCH WHlSKET.—Parties desiring really good Whiskey should send P.O. for 20s. for six bottles, car- riage paid to any part of England.—Mcdmutow and Co., Lockerble, N.B. Established 1825.

A GOOD QUARRY BUSINESS to be disposed of, 11. tramway out of Quarry on to the Cheshire Lines Rail- way —For particu ars apply to Isaac JlErmsozs and SON, Quarry Proprietors, Harewood Hill, Kahan.

TORN LOWE, Fire and Thief-proot SAFE MAKER, has ON SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and seconcLhand ; very cheap ; 1.60 to choose from. —3B, Albert-street, King-street West, Manchester.

ME MANUFACTURER'S REMNANTS in Stuffs Cashmeres, Prints. Calicoes, Cretonnes, Flannels, Shirtings, and Woollen Clothes. 10 lb. bundles cheap; price list free.—W. CLARKSON, Merchant, 41, Swaine-at., Bradford.

SOLD. Lancasters' celebrated photographic S Cameras. btc.. for Amateurs or Profes- sionals. MANCHESIER AGENCY is at 71. Oxlord-st. (All Saints'). Lists free. Second hand cameras bought or ex- changed.

DIRECT FROII THE MANUFACTURER.—On receipt of postcard I will send samples (which need not be returned) of my famous Beatrice Tweeds; 7 yards double width for 10s. ; worth nearly double the money; over 5,090 sold during last season.—A. W. BENIOR, 65, Princeville-at., Bradford.

BILLIARDS I BAGATELLE !—All those tequiring new or second-hand Tables, Requisites, or Billiard Work done, should, before going else% here, send for HENNIG Baos., New Price List, cloth and cushion samples.—Address 29, W.O London. Est. 1862. F'ND Thousands have been killed with Sanford's Poison. Hunt!, ect, of farmers that have used Is say it is tie test poison km wn as they find a lot of rats dead by using it, Post tree Is. 2d., 25., 3s box, of SANFORD and SON, sandy, Bcds. Send stamp and try it. sold by chemist s.

FLOWERS FOR CUTTING. —Double Sunflowers. white Japanese Anemone, Chrysanthemums, Aliqinosum, 2d. each. Michaelmas Dasies, four varieties ; Chrysanthemum Maximum, lovely columbines, beautiful single pyrethrums, last long in water, id. each ; Yello* Welsh Poppies, 30, Is. ; order over is. free—Mica NUGENT, Rectory, Trim, Ire- land.

WARDED FIRST PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide /I. Jubilee Exhibition, 1887, and Sydney Centenary Exhibition. 1888. —TO PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. Cheapest House in London for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings —all the newest designs. Two million feet always in Stk. Veneered and fancy wooci mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every description, oleographs,&c. Further reduction in prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipping orders. Full particulars in pattern book and catalogue (85 pages 4to demy revised for 1891) for 3d, stamps.-11. MOSIELL, 17 and 18, Great St. Andrew-st., Bloomsbury, London. Telegraphic address " Rabbitry," London. Stock lists and prices of glass monthly. free.

SOUTIIPORT . Comfortable APARTMENTS. Three minutes' walk from Promenade. Good cooking. Piano, —Mrs. HOLDING, 10, Sea Dank-road.

rip° DE LET, furnished or unfurnished HOUSE for few 1 months, containing fonr entertAining and nine bed- rooms ; splendid view. —Apply WILLIAMS. Whitfield Home, Llanfairfechan.

I LANDIJDNO, WEST END BOMIDING ESTABLISH- -1-1 MENT.—This establishment, just recently enlarged, is charmingly situated, with splendid view ot both Bays, Great Orme, Isle of Anglesey, close to Reach, Pavilion, Pier, Happy Valley, and Marine Drive. Good management with cleanliness, combined with liberal table, fine Dining, Draw- ing,Ladies', and smokerooms. Present terms from 6s day, no extras.—THOMAS JEPBCOTT. proprietor.

TUCK AND CO.. Limited. INDIA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sews. or CEMENTED ONLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street, Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester. London, Cardiff, Newport, and Dublin, LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

BRAND & CO.'S BEEF BOUILLON. A MOST NUTRITIOUS AND INVIGORATING BEVERAGE. Blade by the Simple Addition of Boiling Wate At a Cost within the reach ni all. 11. LITTLE STANHOPE-ST—MAYFAIR. W.

FEBRUARY 25TH, 1893. REDUCTIONS ARE STILL BEING ALLOWED FOR CASH ORDERS AT THE EMPLE OF ARTS. GREAT REDUCTIONS in prices of FURNITURE, BEDSTEADS. BEDDING, CARPETS, LINOLEUMS, and other Goods too numerous to mention. FROM 2. TO 5. IN THE 2 ALLOWED on all ORDERS for Cash, and for some goods no reasonable offer will be refused, room being required to display my enormous and most artistic Stock of most modern furniture to greater advantage. I feel I cannot too strongly advise my friends and customers and the public gener- ally who may be wanting furniture. &c., to take advantage of this great and genuine • reduction. My customers and .11 who have inspected my stock will remember that all goods are marked in plain figures from which, for cash only, will the discounts le allowed. Finally I shall do all possible for the benefit of my customers, and hope, by so doing, to re.eive that patronage which integrity should merit. R. W. MARSH, THE TEMPLE OF ARTS. FURNITURE WARUHOUSE, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED 1864.

_ TRON FENCING, SHEEP and CATTLE HURDLES 1. Don't be mislead by special advertised offers, but before buying write for our Illustrated Catalogue, free on applica- tion. BAYLISS Jowes I BAYLISS, Iron Fencing manufac- turers, Wolverhampton. London Office and Showrooms, 139 141, Cannon Street. London.

MULTI-TUBULAR BOILERS, 221 t. by sft. ; now I working at 451 b. ; replacing by larger ; all mountings. —Apply WHITTLE and Sox, Whitchaven. WANTED, BUYERS OF MACHINERY, Engineers' Tools, Boilers, Iron and Steel Joists. Girders, Au., to inspect Stock at Albion Ironworks. Saville-street, Shrfet-ld, or send for Machinery and Girder List, addressed MANAGER.

CERICATING OlL.—'° Reliance" Colliery Oil, is. per gallon; Machinery Oil, is.; Extra Machinery Oil. 15.4 d.; Engine Oil, is, 9d. ; Marine Engine Oil, 2s. ; Cylinder Oil. is. 9d. ; Gas Engine Oil, 2s. 3d.; Valvoline Oil, 25., 2s. 3d. ; Dynamo Oil, 3s. ; Colza 011. 2s, 6d. 40 gallon barrels free Carriage Paid.—RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL Co., 19 and 20, Water lane, Great Tower-at., London, E.C. Agents wanted.

ST. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS LIMITED (late Ormerod, Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester. have the Largest. Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS, Millwright, and all kinds of Engineeeing Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli cation .--Telephone 229.

ACME BOILE/t SCALER Dry Soluble Harmless Powder. Effectually removes. and prevents, the formation ot In- cruttation in Steam Boilers, however bad the Water may be. Used by Brewers, Dyers, Farmers. and large Steam Users. It does not affect the steam or cylinth rs. 20s. per cwt., in Kegs or Casks. Only one pound weight required for every 10 h.p. nominal per week. An influential Agent wanted for this district. HENRY BIBBY AND CO., CORNBROOK, MANCHESTER.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

pATENT OFFICE. MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have had more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price is. GEORGE DAVIBS. CE.. 3; SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A., 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

AWARDED OVER 370 PRIZE MEDALS. BRADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY - APPROVED LAUNDRY & DAIRY MACHINERY. COMPLETE OUTFITS FOR lIAND AND STEAM POWER. Catalogues Free Correspondence invited. THOMAS BRADFORD A CO.. 130, BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOO L; VICTORIA-AVENUE, MANCHESTER; Also SALFORD and LONDON.

GREEN'S PATENT 'L'AUSAGE CHOPPING and MINCING MACHINES and 1,1 FILLERS (SILENT and OTHER PATTERNS). Suitable for BUTCHER', MEAT EXPORTERS, CONFEC- TIONERS, HOTELS, BOARDING-HOUSES, PRIVATE FAMILIES, Ix. These Celebrated Machines are used very extensively throughout England, Scotland, Ireland. and the Colonies. Illustrated Price Lists on application. THOMAS GREEN and SON LIMITED, Smithfield, Iron- workers, Leeds, and Surrey Works, Blackfriar's-road, London, S.E. Or from any Shipping or Exp-rt House, Merchant or Ironmonger In the United Kingdom.

ECONOMISE YOUR FUEL. PRESERVE YOUR BOILERS. Only AWARD Granted at Liverpool Exhibition, 1886, for Boiler Fluid. THE ANGLO-AMERICAN 130ILER SOLVENT COMPANY, RUNCORN, CHESHIRE. BOILER FLUID. A scientific tresitme t for destroying and preventing in- crustation. corrosion, and pittings in Steam Boilers of every description, where salt or fresh water is used. After Trial, Constantly Used. A. NORMAN TATE A Co. report :—" Excel- lently adapted for the prevention of incrustation and corro- sion in boilers fed withal! classes of water." Superintendent Engineer. of Woollside Ferry,Birkentaead, says :—"Best ever used here; also prevents corrosion." . CONDENSER DETERGENT, A special preparation for cleaning Steam Condensers, with- out theremoval of any tubes orfittings ; minimises labour and cos of materials, also for removing all gum, grease, and oils from tappets of looms, and cleaning ironwork without scrap- ing. Professor WATSoN SMITH. F.1.C.. F.C.S., London University, and A. Notivert TATE A CO. again give highly favoursble report. EUCALYPTUS DISINFECTANT AND SANITARY CLEANSER. Used on board Steamers, Ships, and in Workhouses, Hospitals, and other Public Institutions. Pronoanced by all users to be an effective cleanser and disinfectant. PROFF.SSoII SMITE Says :—" Strong detergent and great disinfect ingoWers ; another useful property, will keep away vermin." A. Norcatsat TATE AND CO. makes a similar report. Master of the Runcorn Workhouse states "An Effective Clean- ser and Dirt Remover. There is a pleasant and agreeable smell I', its use." Pat up in casks, drums, and Psckages to suit all countries. Merchants and exporters liberally dealt with. Special arrangements with t ome and foreign buyers. For prices, terms, and other particulars, apply as above. Samples of water tested Free.

HIGH-CLASS CYCLES (any make) supplied on the shortest notice ; 30 per cent cash discount; special easy Terms arranged. Safeties; cushion tyres, Ale. Pneumatic road racers £ll. • yells s who wish t benefit themselves in the purchase of a good reliable mount, are invited to write 113, West High-st., Salford.

IYCLES ! CYCLES 1 COVENTBY CROS CYCLES of V Coventry are the best. all new patterns for 1893. Safeties geared ordinaries and trycicles. The 13.-st. agency for this season. Agents wanted in all towns where not represented. 200 clearance machines. Apply Manche ter Depot, WARMAN and HAzi.gwoon. LTD., 134, DeansgAte, Manchebter

()YULE S, CYCLE S, 500 HIGH CLASS MACHINES. GREAT CLEARANCE SALE of Jennings and Co.'s. Stock Purchased by the Seddon pneumatic T, re Company Limited to effect immediate clearince, 411 to be sold under Makers wholesale prices, exceptional chance to get a High Class Machine. Beeston Humbey. Singers, Rovers, Referee. Wenham, Stars, Raglans, King of Scharches. SEDDON'S PNEUMATIC TYRE CO., LIAIITED, 11, St. 31/+17.6 Gate, and 44, Deansgate, Manchester. (late Jennings.)

s LADES GOOD VALUE CYCLES. BALL BEARINGS to all arts including head and pedals, finest quality, steel tub,., di ,mond frame, beautifully enamelled and lined A written guarantee with every machine. PRICE{ With latest pattern Pneurn,,tic 'Tyres £l2 10s. With best q tility cushion Tyres £9 ss. Made in Coventry, the home ot geninue Cycles. Only address SLADES, 73, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

HUMBER'S NEW SHOWROOMS. The world-famous Humber's House in Liverpool is now 73, Bold-street. Their Specialty for 1893 is a marvel of lightness and strength. fitted with the latest pattern tyres at £l2 la. rash. To all purchasers of this Machine the flc turn Railway Fare from Warrington awl neighbcmrhood allowed. 73. BOLD-STREET, 73. LIVERPOOL.

THE OLD-ESTABLISHED BA iSINETTE WAREHOUSE Beware of spurious imitations. The best and cheapest Carriages in the town or district. (So connection with any other firm of the same name.) W. ASHTON, 74, Sankey-et., Warrington, tua.nu- feeturer of Bath Chairs Bassinettes, Rustic Car- riages, Ac., of the best materials and workmanship, on the premises, under personal supervision. Well-finished Baseluettes from 255., warranted to run straight. Mail Carts, Tricycle Horses, Doll Carriages, Itc Agent for Sewing Machines, Wringing and Washing Mac- hina. WORKS -13BANONT-STRBET.

BELSIZE, IRWELUS, WEITIVORTH'S, TRENTS, REFEREES, HUMERI! and SYMYER, CRYPTO'S, COVENTRY CROSS, GROSVENORS, sTArts, and maker of the celebrated HARDIE CYCLES. The largest Stock in the North to select from. Every machine warranted for 12 months. Cycles made and repaired on the premises. Solid- tyred Safeties converted into cushb ns from 30s. The trade supplied and agents appointed. CALL and Sldf, HARDIE'S lIIIMBER-PATTERNDIA- MOND FRAME 1893 (Dunlop or other Pneumatic Tyres) weight from 301b5., for RIO 10s. Warranted f rl2 months. Cycles supplied on the easy payment system. HARDIE, Cycle Factor, 80, Rensliaw-st.. Liver- pool, and 288 and 293. Regent-road, Salford.

CYCLES! CYCLES ! ! IF YOU WANT THE FASTEST MACHINES IN THE WORLD AND THE BIGGEST DISCOUNTS, Olt ANYTHING IN THE CYCLE LINE, CALL ON lIE BURTON CYCLE COMPANY, KNUTSFORD ROAD, WARRINGTON. A SPECIAL LEADING PNEUMATIC TYRED SAFETY: £l2 NET.

_ friarlltss, 0.110515, Cam, ni..ms, Scr _ Doos bought, sold, or exchanged, large variety always in stock. —CHARTER. 10G, Tib-st., Manchester.

rllO BB SOLD CHEAP, several Cabs, Hansoms. Brour- JL hams. Landaus. side light Coaches suitable for Weddings or Funerals. W,ggonettes, Dog Carts, Gigs, ac.; also two or three stn,.ll Waggonettes to hold six, one with head. Hearses. Mourning Coaches. and Saloon Funeral Bu•aes.--Apply W. H. lIAIGEC, Becleptli-soad. Sheffield.

HOOPER AND SIMMONS COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock to select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams. Landaus. Victoria!, Wagonettes. and Pluetono. now for Sale or Hire.

H. PALMER THE UNION CARRIAGE WORKS, LIMITED. 33 and 35, KING-STMIRT WEST, M ANCISESTER, GOLD MEDAL awarded for Excellence of Designand High class Workmanship. A large assortment of Carriages on view. LANDAUS, BROUGMAMS, VICTORIAS, &c The New Carlton Cart in Great Variety.

CENTRAL CARRIAGE WORKS, ORFORD-STREET. WARRINGTON. JOHN KILDIIFF, COACH BUILDER, Ac. ALL kind of PRIVATE or BUSINESS CONVEYANCES made to order. Repairs neAtly and promptly executed at reasonable charges. ESTIMATES GIVEN.

oomp. tlsto £l,OOO ; Interest £6 16s. per £lOl. Prospectus fi ee. South Lancashire Company, 27,Brsizennose-st, Manchester.

ONEY LENT from £5 to £2OO, to Farmers Treace- Itlll, people, respectable ilouseholders, and reeponsils e Persons in general. without bonds ; strictest privacy main- tained in all cases ; established 18 years ; call or write.—W. SITODEN, 33, High-st., Sheffield.

A LADY HAVING CASH at her dispos •1, is open to make Temporary CR h Advances. of £3 and upwards, in con- fidence, to respectable bouset ciders, who wish to avoid the usual unpleasantness and routine of a loan office; no sureties are asked for, and habitual borrowers need not apply.— Apply personally, or by letter, Mrs. MOBEWOOD, 94, ICdnes- road, W.dnes.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANCED. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from RIO upwards on BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now being lent annually. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, Aecountant, 20, Kennedv-et., Manchester. ESTAELISHED 1870.

MONEY! MONEY I MONEY! No bondsmen required Money advanced on day of application from £3 to £5OO to householders, shopkeepers, clerks, farmers, and others. Interest low, repayments easy. No genuine application re- fused. Distance no object. Apply personally (preferred) or by letter to IMPERIAL LOAN. 60, NEW CROSS-STREET, ST. HELENS, (Private House) AND AT 7, LACEY-STREET. WIDNES (Private House.)

WIDNES. WARRINGTON. mR. JOHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working•men arid all resneoable Hc useholders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEETS Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enqun-y., on your simple written promise to pay back.—Apply Pt VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station). WIDNES, and In WARRINGICN at my Ilesidene,e, 134, Orford-lane, any Evening from 88 7. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention.

- LICENSED FOR THE SALE OF METHYLATED SPIRITS AND BENZOLINE. AGENT torSEQUAWS REMEDIES. ISAAC SPEAKMAN CHBMISI AY EXAMINATION. BRIDGE-ST.. PHARMACY 27, BRIDGE-ST., RUNCORN. PATENT MEDICINES (with a few exceptions) AT RE- DUCED PRICICS, Viz. 23 94 for 28 3d. 2a 64 for 2s id, la lid for 100. 64. Nelson's Gelatine 3 for Hid, Is. Heave's food 84 per tin, 3ce., Ac. SPRATT'S DOG MSOllll'BlB6 64 per 1121 b or 12lbs for 2s 3d. Calabar Dog Biscuit, 12s 64 per cwt. CHEAPEST HOUSE FOR HOUSEHOLD SOAPS. Pears' soap 3 for 10d; Haziehurst's " Sun." 3 tablets for sd. Sunlight, 3 in box 7id; Brockes Monkey Soap, 3id per lb. Homcepathic Medicines 64 bottle, bd ; Vichy Waters, 36s per case, 50.—Best and Cheapest House for White Lead, Tur- pentine, Varnish. Oil, Brushes, ao. Send for prices. Whole- sale Dealer in Petroleum Oil, Hudson's Dry Soap, Ac. Aspinall's Enamel Paint. Cooper's Sheep Dip, 128 per dos

gnies bp Zurtton. Telephone : No. 55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. vvlcka- -Market Gate ChAmbers' Warrington. AucTIAN RoomB—No.l Rank Street AGENT To—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance AssociAtien Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boiler Insurance Company, Lin.lted. Established 1864.

NOTTINGHAM LICE CURTAINS, MONDAY NEXT, and two following days, at the MART, 37, Corporation-street, Man- chester. at II o'clock each day. H. WILLIAM ELLIS will SELL BY AUCTION I. about 4,600 pairs of NOTTINGHAM LACE CUR- TAINS, also a variety of other LAWS GOODS. View mornings of Sale. Catalogues may be had on application.

POE ABSOLUTE SALE. SIXTY CASES ITALIAN MARBLII SOULPTURZ. Ex B.S. ' Zena', from Leghorn WILLIAM SOLAINI of Livemool, (importer) will SELL BY AUCTION on SATURDAY. FEB- RUARY 25" cw, 1893, and following days, at 7 o'clock each day at the shop, 24, HORSRMARKET-ST. WARRINGTON. A rmig- nificent collection of ITALIAN MARBLE SCULPTURE. Comprising Vases, Fonts, Tazze Jardinierles, Pelt stale, U., exquisively carved by hand,in charming modern and antique designs, varying from 3 i ches to 6 feet in height. Beauti- fully carved Busts, Groups, Statuettes, magn,ffeient 13114 of " Modesty " (veiled), a wonderful piece of carving by S,g. Vanetti. of Leghorn ; Statuettes of Danaide, "The Viohnist, ' La Vergoglui, " The Mandolinist," group of " The Fishers " beautif ui statuettes of ''Christ." etc. Also a very large and interesting collection of smaller articles. comprising beautifully Carved and inlaid G atch, Jewel. Photo and Taper stands, Groups of animals. small Pairs 01 Dogs, Me ses, Sheep, Cows, Goats, Lions, Mules, Oxen Drawing Wine Cart, Grecian Temples, Caskets, Trinket Stands, Holy Water Fonts, Clocks, Tobacco Jars, Smoker Sets, Ash Trays, An., &c. May be viewed on Mornings of Sale Auctioneer's Residence ; Rossian Drive, Stonycroft, Liverpool.

WARRINGTON AND LOWTON ;LANCASHIRE AND OVERTON ; CHESHIRE. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION BY R .w ATRIRIITITAO NS oSnUTTHTT JUR Ns p,Ailit tth: h2LDLDT. Hof mOATREc iIL , 1883, AT 3 for 4 O'CLOCK in the AFTERNOON prreisely, (subject to such conditions of Sale as will be then and there produced). LOT 1.--All the e THREE FREEHOLD HOUSES, situate and being Nos. 5,7, and 9, in Flag-lane. Warrington, and having a frontage thereto of 91 feet. 6 inches, or thereabouts, and TEN COTTAGES, situate and being Nos. 1, 3,5, 7, and 9, in Hughes' Court, and Nos. 2, 4.6, 8, and 10, in Cambria- place, and another COTTAGE situate and being No. 19. in Carnbria-place. Warrington. with the STABLES and vacent LAND adjoining thereto, anti havin g a roil: age to Golborne- st eet aforesaid of 43 feet, 6 inches or th. resbouts. The site of this lot contains 1889 quare yards of land or thereabouts. LOT 2.—A1l th t fully-licensed PUBLIC HOUSE called " The Millstone " situate at the Corner of S mit ey street, and Golborne-street, Warrington, and being No 56 Sankey-street and No. 1 Golborne-street ivoresaid, having a frontage of 17 feet 10 inches to Sankey-street, and 54 feet 10 inches to Golborne-street, and containing in the whole 152 square yards of land or thereabouts. The tenure is leasehold for the reddue of a term of 99 years from the 11th clay of May, 1849 subject to an apportioned annual ground rent of £2. LOT 3.—A1l that leasehold SHOP, DWELLINGHOUSE and PILE' ISES, situate and being No. 54, Sankey-street. Warrington, in the occupation of Mr. J. Lawton as yearly tenant thereof, having a frontage of 16 feet, 10 inches to Sankey-at. aforesaid, and containing in the wnole 88 square yards ef land or th reabonts. This lot is held for the residue of a term of 99 years from the 11th day of May, 1849. sub- ject to an apportioned annual ground rent of £l. LOT 4. All that LEASEHOLD 'DWELLING-HOUSE ad- joining Lot 2, situate on t, e east side of Golborne-st., War- -ington, in the occupation of Mr. John Dooley, as yearly tenant thereof, and having a frontage of 22 feet 11 inches to Golborne-st. aforesa,d, and contairtine in the whole 109 square yards of land or thereat outs. This lot is held for the residue of a term of 99 ye rs from the 11th day of May, 1b49, subjt ct to an apportioned annual ground rent of £l. LOT 5.--All that leasehold PLOT OF LAND' adjoining Lot 4, situate on the East side of Golborne-etrest. Warring- ton ' • togethe with the HAMPER MANUFACTORY and STOTtE ROOM, thereon erected, now in the occupation of Mr. Thomas Hutchinson, as yearly tenant, thereof, and low- ing a frontage of 84, feet 2 inches to Golborne-street afore- said, and containh gin the whole 438 square yards of land or thereabouts. This lotis held for the residue of a term of 99 years from the 11th day of May, 1849 subject to an appor- tioned annual ground rent of £l. LOT 6.—A1l that leaseho it PLOT of LAND adjoining Lot 5, situate on the East side of Golborne-st..Werrington, together with the STABLING, WAREHOUSE and STORES erected therein now in the occupation of Mr. William Barlow as yearly tenant th, reef, and having a frontage ot 4 fort? inches to Golborne-st., aforesaid, and containing in the whole 238 square yards of land or thereabouts. This let is held for the residue of a term of 99 years from the 11th day of May 1849 subject to as appor ioned annual rent of £l. LOT 7.—A1l that oirl established and excellent fully. licensed FREEHOLD INN known as "The Nags Head" situate and b lug Nos. 26 and 23 in Sankey-st., Warrington, with the stables, yard. and outbuildings belonging thereto and coy, ring an area of 1.289: square yards or thereabouts, aed having a frentage to Sankey-st, of 45 feet 6 inches or thereabouts. LOT 8. All that FREEHOLD SHOP. and DWELLING- HOUSE, situate and being No. 30 in Sankey-st., Warrington, now In the occupation of Mr. F. J. Dell. and having a front. age 01 29 feet 11 inches or thereabouts to Sankey-st, afore- said, and containing in the whole 5a square yards of land or thereabouts. This lot will include one room on the ground floor and the cellars under the premises now held with Lot 7. LOT 9.—A1l that FREEHOLD SHOP, DWELLING- HOUSE and OUTBUILD INGS situate and being Nos. 22 and 24, Sankey-street. Warrington, now in the occupation of Mr. T. H. Poole, and held by him for the residue of a term of 10 years.of which six years are unexpired.together with the LARGE ROOM ustd by the Freemasons. This lot has a frontage to Sankey-atreet aforeraid, of 48 feet or thereabouts, and contains in the whole 349 square yards of land or there- abouts. LOT 10.—All that freehold, FULLY-LICENSED INN, known as "The King's Arms," situate in Lane Head. Low- ton near Newton-le-Willows, with the Club Room, outbnild logs, stables, coach-house, loft and Building Land thereto belonging, containing 3,115 square yards of land or there- abouts. LOT 11. All that freehold FULLY-LICENSED INN, known as " The Ring O'Bells," situate at Overton, near Frodsham, in the coy nty of Chester,with the large clubroom, outbuildings, and land thereto belonging, containing 1,198 square yard, or thereabouts. For parti Wars, plans, end conditions of sale, apply to the AUCTIONEER, Legh-SI.. Warrington ; Mr. WILLIAM Own:Ns F.R.1.8.A., Cairo-st.. Warrington ; or to Messrs. GREENALL and BUCKTON, Solleitors, Warrington.

-LIGGS —Single comb Orpingtons and White Leghorns, 58.; IL/ sitting, W. Cooks prize strain ; splendid prize strain ; splendid table and winter layers, 3s. sitting ; exchange blar k Minoreas, ivy geraniums, and other cutting., fuchsias, any good plants —PHILIP. Cedars, Sunbury, Middlesex.

FOWL CORN, LIGHT WHEAT, DARI, BUCK WHEAT. and GALATZ COEN. CARTER & SON. CORN DEALERS. WARRINGTON.

DIRMINGHAM MATRIMONIAL AG I NCY, well e4tal4- 1.1 lisheil registry, clients, of good social standing. Con- fidential communications.-39, Arcade, Dale End, Birming- ham.

WARRINGTON CONCENTRATED MANURE. _Agent: Mr. JOSEPH TAYLOR, Lion Hotel, Warrington, who will attend the Warrington, Nortimieh, Chester. and Knutsford M iraets. Alt orders promptly exe- cuted. Analysis and testimonials on application.

WARRINGTON CORPORATION, CONCENTRATED MANURE FIFTEENTH SEASON. Agent for al England— MR. WILLIAM HOUGHTON, PADDINGTON, WARRINGTON.

IMPORTANT TO FARMERS THE MANCHESTER CORPORATION •CONCENTRATED MANURE, MADE FROM BLOOD, BONES, FISH, AND DRIED ANIMAL MATTitrt, ETC.. From the city slaughter-houses, markets, etc., Contains from 31 to 4 per cent. AMMONIA and 8 to 10 per cont. BONE PHOSPHATES. Analysis Guaranteed. R3PER T0N.... vriage pearal filnt t4h-teonnelt!t•esst wßiattairsramtloens , Supply strictly limited. For Samples, Testimonials, Ace., apply to H. WHILEY, SUPERINTENDENT, CLEANSING DEPARTMENT, TOWN HALL, MANCEE3TEII ; OR TO MR. BOLD ALDRED, STAMFORD-ROAD, ALTRINCHAM.

instrunuM. _ ()N SALE, a set of AINSWORTH'S PATENT EEPERS: SION CRESSIDMO PEDALS, attachable to an, Piano, College of Organist scale (three C's) new 18A 15153; little worse than new. Cost £l4, will sell aor RlO. AP/ student may feel quite at home in his organ practice In 11,1 them. A rare bargain.—Apply A 1/GDEN (Me lalkt, ° Trio. Coll. London), Teacher of Music, Tuner and ltePai``" &c., 48, Irwell-st.. West Bank, Widnes. Tuning coutrscts speeialit6. A separate tuning 53.

SMITH'S PIANOS, 179, OXFORD-ROAD' MANCHESTER. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST HOUSE FOR HIRING PIANOS AND ORGANS. PIANOS, at 10s. 6d. monthly 1. TILL PAID ORGANS Is. „ f FOR. Second-hand Instruments at lower rates. Delivered free on payment of first month's hire.

sumps AiSIERICAN ORGAN. From the Smallest to the Largest may be had at SSTIT-- from bs. and upwa"ds monthly. 179 OXFORD ROAD. MANCHRSTBR.

SMITH'S PIANO, "THE MASTERPIECE." „pa This Instrument Is the embodiment of all that is go,' _nf COY' quality, material, style, and finish, and is the excellence. SMITH refrains from saying anything More -jar the many virtues of this Instrument, but leaves the di'cr Mating public to dilate further upon its merits. One Guinea monthly till paid for. Guaranteed ten r$ If is is true that " Good wine xeeds no bush,'; , 'Tis also true that " Good pianos need no push.'e 0: Shakespeare and Smith—" As You SMITH'S NEW DEPARTMENT' . ~ Old and New Violins, Harps, Guitars, Banjos. Clarionets. Concertinas, &c., ttc., and all kinds of aid Fittings. Qotitl34 Any of these Instruments may be obtained on Hire Purchase System. 179. OXFOItD ROAD, MANCIIRSTBR.

Q OMITIT'S Sf/e° "SCHOOL BOARD MODEL" PIANO, £22 CASH iroil octaves, newest design, full trichord, check action.._ol frame. This instrument may be purchased on Equitable Hire System, at only 12s. Si. MONTHLY TILL PAID FOR. If If you cannot pay so much monthly Smith will suPP Similar Piano, trichord, sticker action, at 108. 6d. MONTHLY TILL PAID FOR. Write or send for price list (post free), or, what is still, call on SMITH personally if possible. Make no mistake in the name or address, SMITH, 179, OXFORD-ROAD MANCIIESI'

FOUND AT LAST. Frie. The Place to get an Honest Piano at an Honest and on Easy Terms. SMITH'S 179, OXFORD-ROAD, AIANCH—RS GREA7.II )5 0 ',T CLEARANCE SALE of 200 PlA‘,—„, ORGA S at 50 per cent. BELOW PARRY'S 18 to 24 DOWNING-ST. MANCHESTh",,i CABINET PIANO. in mahogany case, six octaves.."' Walnut Upright GRAND PIANO, by Collard ............ 4 15 Rosewood Upright GRAND PIANO, by Collard ......... 5 0 Mahogany Upright GRAND PIANO, by Kirkman ..... 81! Rosewood SEMI-GRAND PIANO, by Kirkman ..... •••• slv Black and Gold COITAGE PIANO, by Dallman ........ • 9 0 Rosewood COTTAGE PIANO, by Stodard ............... Overstrung PIANO, Intl trichord, extended ends an 13 9 under dampers .... ............................................... Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut CO ITACIE PIANO, ,110. byStodard ..... ....... .............................. luil Corn pats Iron Frame Rosewood. by Kirkman ..... Full Compc,s Irmi Frame Black arid Gold, Etr iggo• Brinsme.‘d ....... . .................. ....................... isgs• Full Corn pas; Iron Frame Rosewood, by mdwood ••; Full Compass Iron Frame Rosewood, by Collard ana isgs• Cm1ard.............................................................. . Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut. by J. and J. 1,8 go• H0pkin50n......................................................... Full Compass Iron Frans° Walnut. overstiung, Erard.................... ............. ............................. Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut, overstrung, Y24sl' Neumeyer ........................................................ • iso. Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut, by fiord, of Paris -• Large Chancel Organ, 0 sets, 18 stops,2 swells. cost SOO ors Piano and Organ buyers should not iniss this opportunity,

E- RAIZ!). Makers to toe quee„ Great Marlborouo-st..l"%ra -- pADEREWSIiI says: "Play only on an wberver obtainabh, E HARD. New Parit•inn Models being ex}iiblterl PADEREWSKI says: "Play only on tin wherever ohtnirable. ERARD.

ITENSHAW AND CO., 83s FICCAI3I;6-0311. MAYO foil pIANOS,with Iron Framei, and Check A'llos' 121. 6d. monthly, TILT, ORGANS, Fall Compass, with Knee 5We11.,,15011. 58. 63. monthly, TILL els HARMONIUMS, New Models. with Broad'ml'eroll' from ss. monthly, TILL ri‘•- Second-hand Instrumentsat rower rates. Delivered Free on receipt of let month's bire. ,iatefit VIOLINS, Banjos, English Concertinas, IsToter9' on Henshaw's new Easy Payincilt '8 DON'T buy your Pianos or Oan at .116".„9 et"' 83, Piccadilly, Manchester, If yri.ca' n and cheaper elsewhere. First-class tuners sent to all Parts.

£lOOO TO BE GIVEN AWAY! THE MAYPOLE DAIRY CO. 'wish to inform their customers that they have removed their business from 35, BRIDGE-STREET, TO THE MARKET GATE, oitinft OF BUTT INIMARKET-STREET AND BRIDGE-STREET. TUE MAYPOLE DAIRY CO., in order to INDUCE their (Ad CUSTOMERS to FOLLOW TEEM to their NEW SHOP, will give ONE PENNY 'Mr lb. OFF the PRICE of BUTTER and MARGAR- INE DURING the FOLLOWING WEEK. COME IN THOUSANDS!! MAYPOLE DAIRY COMPANY, MARKET GATE WARRINGTON.

THE OLD-FASHIONED MILK WHITE BREAD, If you want a wholesome and delicious Bread, give the "uve a trial. Those who have tasted it can highly recommend it. Try it for yourselves. THOMAS LEA, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL BAKER, Agent for SMITH'S HOVIS BREAD. • CHURCH STREET, RUNCORN.

COLLIER'S BREAD Is prepared from CAREFULLY SELIoCTBD FLOUR, Produced from the VIN EST CALIFORNIAN WHEAT, Carefully made by Experienced Bakers, is ABSOLUTELY PURE, 41,1 d delivered daily to all parts of Runcorn and District. Orders to be left at 6, Church-st. .weeTte. Largest Trade in Town. Over 2,400 Loaves sold every WALTER COLLIER, • 6, CHURCH-STREET, RUNCORN.

THE ONLY RELIABLE DISINFECTANT for prevention of Smallpox, Fevers, Fre., is CALVERT'S 110. 5 CARBOLIC ACID. The quality now adopted as the STANDARD DISINFECTANT by the Russian, German, British and Indian Governments. Sold in is. and is. 65. Bottles, 2s. 6d„ 4s. and 6s. 6d. Tins, by most chemists, to. F. C. CA.LVERT AND CO.. MANCHESTER. Awarded 60 Gold and Silver Medals and Diplomas.

DR. SCOTT'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS The Safest Medicine. R. SCOTT'S pus Cure Indigestion, and Wind. scorn plus Cure Nervous Depreesion. 1)11. SCOTT'S PILLS Restore the Appetite. IP. scums ptLLS Purify the Blood. Vt. scoTT•s PILLS Strengthen the Whole System. IY• SCOTT'S PILLS The Best Family Medicine. Olt• scorrs plus Mild but Effectual. 1)11• SCOTT'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS. (E,S.re wrapped in a square green package. bearing the LZdon? the proprietor, W. LAMBERT 173, Seymour Place. W.. by post for 14 or 34 stamps.

eighteen. The debate which followed Mr. ASQUITH'S speech was chiefly interesting, because of a speech by Lord RANDOLPH CHURCHILL, who displayed some of his old "form ;" and a reply by Mr. GLADSTONE, in which the veteran leader very effectively ridiculed the secondhand knowledge of ecclesiastical affairs which his versatile lordship ostentatiously paraded.

HENRY MILLING & CO, LTD. ARE FFRRING TUE CROICHST SEVILLE ORANGES, FOR WINI 3 AND MARMALADD AT MOST REASON- MOM PRIORS. 5, HORSEMARKRT-STRRNT. WARRING lON.

TO CYCLE RIDERS. SUNBEAM (DUNLOP'S) 171 Lug. RIDDEN OVER 1,000 MILES, NOW ON VIEW AT JOSEPH S. GARLAND'S, ' IRONMONGER, WARRINGTON. SOLE AGENT FOR THE SALE OF PREMIER, EXCELSIOR, SUNBEAM. LION, COMMO- DORE, XL, THE ELK, and VICTOR CYCLES. Lista free. SPECIALLY LOW PRICES. SEE WINDOWS BRIDGE-STREET.

BEFW,E ORDERING TEETH it will PAY you to see the NEW CROWN and PIVOT System of TEETH WITHOUT PLATES. Supplied at a MODERATE CHARGE. • Teeth on Best Vulcanite PROPERLY FITTED, 4s. each or £2 per set.—Painleas extraction. Gold and Plastic Fillings, tto. SAVON for preser,ing the teeth. Is. 10., post free. T,DA,InS4.IJoRGMFAJONCN S.SURGEON, M R. ItE'SkTNI.CODTI4P"oNi

FORTY YEARS REPUTATION. PALETIIORPOS ROYAL CAMBRIDGE AUSAGES. ABSOLUTELY PURE.—From the 16th to the 3rd December 1891 inclusive, 34 tons were manufactured and despatched. Ir CRAMPTON (SOLE AGENT), 10, BRIDGE-ST., WARRINGTON.

''.\tY UT IS A FACT. , - ~,, _ ~, , rt NOW fully tiemonstrated after more than a ‘, 14, A century's experience, that " ST. JACOBS OIL CONQUERS PAIN. The saintly Monk and this wonderful Oil are so closely associated that separation is I L."';.itt"ez-k t 1 . • a...;.,-.4,r. . ~ ~,', 4,-.4,24.,.., impossible. , 4....0,..z.=.u........ • • - -..' ~.-, There is an old legend that comes to us from . 44 away back as. far.as the Ibth century, that ' .1, ,I the monks of those days were wont to preach 11 'o'll A,..1; I to the people, as here illustrated, of the great ' ' 4-.4 - I'? I virtue of ST. JACOBS OIL as it was then 1 - . .7.,.-R 1, I. called. Whether this be true or not, there is , - .• ; rm'44'' .- 47' ,1 i I. no doubt of its miraculous power to remove _ __r__._.,_., ..". ?"- r. v- - pain. After every other treatment for Rheu- matism has failed, ST. JACOBS OIL, cures. r , ei'>lfirolintriPl 1, 4110 i A 1 ..h • • After all hope has-fled, L BRINGS JOY 6

• ELOPEMENT AND DIVORCE. ----- OTTAWA, ONTARIO, THIIRSDAY.—The Senate Commit- tee on the Laws of Divorce have made a favourable re- port on the petition of Robert Young Holden for •a divorce from his wife, who eloped. with Mr. John Allan, of the Allan Steamship Line, some time ago. The cou- pls are said to be in Japan. • RAILWAY STRIKE IN AMERICA. WEDNESDAT.—AII the switchmen employed in the yards of the Chicago and Western Indiana Bell Railroad Company struck work to-night for an advance in wages. No trains can be moved either in or out of the Polk-street depot, and the yard traffic of the Grand Trunk, Santa Fe, and somo other roads are stopped. The depot and yards are being guarded by Pinkerton detectives. The railway employes. here now on strike number 300, and it is expected that the movement will spread to other roads. THE LIBERATOR SOCIETY. SUICIDE OF ONE OF THE VICTIMS. A man named William Caseley, a valet, committed ' suicide at Brighton on Thursday morning by blowingl out his brains with a revolver. A written statement was found on the deceased to the effect that he had in- vested money in the Liberator Building Society, to the failure of which is attributed the deed. The three defendants, named respectively Hobbs, Wright, and Newman, who are charged with several very serious frauds in connection with the affairs of the Liberator Building Society, were on Thursday com- mitted fer trial at the Central Criminal Court. The magistrate offered to accept bail for Newman to the amount of £5,000. MYSTERIOUS DEATH AT BLACKBURN. __- SUPPOSED MURDER. A terrible discovery was made on Wednesday after noon at Blackburn. A chemist named Walter Neilson was found by his assistant lying dead across the hearth- stone in the back room, with a bullet wound in his fore- head. He was lying on his back in a pool of blood. The assistant, shortly belore, was sent on an errand, leaving Mr, Nielson alone in the shop. On his return he found the door locked, but on a third attempt to get in—the door was open. Up to seven o'clock on Wednesday evening the police had failed to discover anything which elucidated the mystery surrounding the death of Mr. Neilson. Though the wound is evidently from a revol- ver, noweapon has been found, and there is a strong suspicion that Neilson was murdered, though nobody saw suspicious characters about, and apparently nothing in the shop has been disturbed. Neilson's watch was found upon him, and there was a little money in his pocket. If the tragedy should turn out to be a crime, the murderer must have gone into the shop, locked the door behind him' shot his victim in the back room, and left by the front door unobserved. OPENING OF THE INQUEST. The inquest on the body of Neilson was opened at Copy Nook Police Station on Thursday morning by Coroner Robinson, and after formal evidence of identification was adjourned. The chief constable states that so far the police are utterly baffled, there not being the slight- est clue in favour of the murder, suicide, or accident theories. Deceased had been heard to speak of suicide, and it is just possible he had destroyed himself, but the failure to find the weavon discounted this suggestion.

ESTABLISIVED BIRKBECK BANK, Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, London. THREE per CENT. INTEREST allowed on DEPOSITS, re• payable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, on the minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below 2100. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purchased and sold SAVINGS DEPARTMENT. • . For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small sums on deposit, and allows Interest at the rate of THREE PER CENT. per annum on each completed £l. • BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD I AND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. The BIRKBECK ALMANACK. with full particulars, can be obtained pbst free, on application to FRANCIS RA.VENSCROFT, Manager.

MANUFACTURERS OF DECORATIVE AND ART FURNITURE. _ fil-P - 1:444Wk-MPTI -.R117-iW,,c-, tc ng: g---- ti-jk . -7110-1-fSt-sciNd htfrifvo :' - •`i 01)1VERMS' 4 , el,t ~' C,P, , p• PRwfm rpt,,i,i7fllilvall'w ' , I&:41*IrOtt •. . , ~" '=::s .4 --4,, • ' ~,,' •47 t.t;.' ;,-.:7L__ (I I'4 04: 0,440 5 - , v BY PATENT MACHINERY.

KEATING'S Couon LOZENGES. "94, Commercial Road, Peckham, July 12, 1889. " Dear Sir,-1 am a poor hand at expressing my feelings, but I should like to thank you. Your lozenges have done wonders in relieving my terrible cough. Since I had the operation of Tracheotomy' (the same as the late Emperor of Germany, and unlike him, thank God, I am still alive) per- formed at St. Bartholomew's Hospital, no one could possibly have had a more violent cough; It was so bad at times that It quite exhausted me. The mucus, which was very copious and hard, has been softened, ant I have been able to get rid of it without ditficulty.—l am, sir, yours Wily, J. HILL." _r U TTERLY UNRIVALLED. The above speaks for itself. From strict inquiry it appears that the benefit from using Keating's Cough Lozenges is understated. The operation was a specially severe one, and was performed by the specialist, Dr. R. T. Butlin, of St. Bartholomew's Hospital. Since the operation the only means I relief is the use of these Lozenges. So successful are they that one affords immediate benefit, although from the nature of the case the throat irritation is intense. WEIGHT IN GOLD. Under date Sept. 8, 1891, Mr. Hill writes: "1 iihonid long since have been dead, but for your Lozenges—they are worth their weight in gold. I will gladly see and tell anyone what a splendid cough remedy they are." Reating's Lozenges are sold in tins, is. lid. each. The unrivalled remedy for COUGHS, HOARSENESS and THROAT TROUBLES.

u ra AT IC L 3 Tl' Ai 09 ,50 Stop '-ç I lAnnointiflg, I and apply to the spot that aches one of ALL: ";00K'S :JP.DCPIEC,CXILT PLA-:. TE*PS Once applied, it acts continuously. Its special power to dilate the pores, penetrate deeply, stop pain. rer.ders it the best remedy known. OF ALL CHEMISTS-BUT CET ALLCOCK'S.

zp Tizau rocoursur irrtizs' ~,i4 T 1- ..... c,„ _,, wcyrE._ 4L.systric volt In HALF the TIME, - ~ with Half the Labour --....• \ ~/1, _. YOU can produce ..-;--..-- TWO Penny Packets ,)__, ____ of RISING SUN than with HALF- DOZEN 0 'NV kJ Li .0 , Penny Packets of ordinary Blacklead. EASIEST, QUICKEST, CHEAPEST & BEST. 1 1 fip ,',IS!,_ 'PF i E 4 0 i -I. . '-\- : ; -.., •LIQUID. I il 11.. S M ETA L PO LIS H ,-.. Gives to Metal Articles of every Description (Gold, Silver, Copper. Priv,'N Steel. dm, also Glass) a Beautiful Soft 4...n.,...,unt Polish, which lasts Six Timms AS LONG WITHOUT TARNISHING RS other kinds. NO LABOUR. NO MIXING, NO SCRATCHES. Used in BOUDOIR, KITCHEN, STABLE, STOP, dec. Polishes anything anywhere, indoors or outdoors.

-E . ="I .

Contains Starch Gloss, Borax, Gum, Wax, &c. Requires NO ADDITION Or PREPARATION. Saves Time, Labour and Uncertainty. Produces BEAUTIFUL SITE GLOSSY LINEN.

CHANCELLOR'S PLATE POWDER. " Saves ass immense amount of time and labour, and giver a brighter polish thou anything five. There is NO preparation of which we bon to eqv al In excelleate."—ENQUlßE WITHIN. .gamples of the übo,-/Tt rour articles post free for 2 staruFi, or of any One for 2 stamps (to cover postage). Name this Paper. Ask voter Grocer to get then for you. C. CIiA.NCELLOR & CO., LONDON. E.C. TRY 90 MI nit& AND SEE.

TRADE . 0,) c) ONCE Of) A 14'4. CREMOID." ° *4" r:4 t 1W , A. L- g • I.mo • P g ' • 1.'41 MARK. Is the most genuine preparation ever manufactured for Calf Rearing. ANALYST'S REPORT. Feb. 28th. 1887. Society of Chemical Industry (Manchester Section). I have chemically and microscotAcally examined Messrs. Crosby and Sons' •' Cremoid " Calf Meal. I find It to contain albumininous substances which are necessary to build up the tissues of the animal system. The Meal also contains a considerable amount of oil, with carbo-hydrates, which tend to the production of fat. Nearly one-h dr of the ash is made up of phosphate of lime (thi, I need not say, is one of the chief constituents of bones.) From the examina- tion of this Meal, I eonidder it an admirable food for the fattening of calves, as the Meal contains all the elements for the building up of the flesh and bones of the animal body. (Signed.) J. CARTER BELL, A.R.S.M., F.I.C. County Analyst. PRICE IQ S. PER CWT. 5-CWT LOTS. 16. 6. Carriage paid to any Station. CROSBY AND SONS, CORN MILL. RUNCORN.

W. GEE TAYLOR'S ECZEMA CURE At once stops irritation, and cures all SKIN DISEASES. Contains NO POISON. Does not Stain. Price Is. 10. and 2s. 9d., or Postal Order Is. 3d. & 3s, from Sole Proprietor. Agents wanted. W. GEE TAYLOR, Chemist, Hungerford, Berks

ASTHMA AND BRONCHITIS 4 N ..- - CURED. ..e'i THOUSANDS TBSTIFY. T-- •• , EARL SHANNON writes :—" Your remedy \ \ Instantly relieves and cures Asthma and Bronchitis. I have recommended it to people In England as well as over here." ..... -,....' •-ina Tbi. LAWTON, M.D., Middleton, writes:—" I have had repeated opportunities of seeing the action of Mr. Vaughan's preparation for Asthma and Bronchitis. I can bear testimony to its great value as a curative agent. I would strongly re- commend it to any person suffering from Asthmatic affec- tions.—M. LAWTON, M.D." For particulars write— D. VAUGHAN, LANGFORD TERRACE, CORK, IRELAND.

DR. J. COL.LIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNB. - THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. 11ILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to V be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever dis- covered. CIILORODYNE is the best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption. Bronchitis, and Asthma. CHLORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases.—Diptheria, Fever. Croup, Aove. IILORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhceb., and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysentry. CHLORODYNE effectually cuts abort all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Palpitation. and Spasms. 01-ILOHODYN E is the only palliative in Neural- Oa. Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, Sco. From Dr. B. J. BourroN & Co., Horricastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately, and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling of connort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advan- age over all other Sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant , after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Mojesty's Consul at Manilla, to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully. and that, the ONLY remedy of any scrvice was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet let December, 1861. CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMIT- ATIONS. MUTTON. —V toe Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. I. COLLIS BROWNE. was, undoubtedly, the inventor of CHLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREE- MAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to sa3 , isad been sworn to.—See Times . 13th J-ly, 1864. Sold in bottles at is lid., 2s. 9c1., and Is. tid. None is genuine without the words •• DIR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony acoompanies each bAtle. SOLE MANUFACTUREM.—J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great Russell- et.. Bloomsbury. London.

COUGH, BRONCIIITIS, CONSUMPTION, ASTHMA, DIARBIICEA, Olt SPASMS, QUICKLY DEMENTED BY TOWLE'S CIILoRoDYNE. 28. 9d., and 4s,t,d, EACH.

"FOE THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE." r. La9n .11%.5.43 mtur,gt WORLD "'J.", 111 „EIW re • ,1116 p .•)13LOOD PURIFIER ~111111, AN ID RESTORER , is warranted to cleanse the blood fro m all impurities, from whatever cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy. Eczema, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. It is the only real specific for Gaut and Rheumatic Pains, for,,it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials . In bottles 2s. 9d. and each, of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY, LINCOLN. BEWARE OF WORTHLESS IMITATIONS.

(--4-1 i y17,-.-Ptf-k N 5) 4- N,, Iriffri .r-147; I:41 Nipii-, _

I-OR SPRAINS, CUMIN, AND SPLINTS WHEN FORMING. r.it OVER-REACHES, CHAPPED HEELS, 171513 GALLS von. ELIEUMATISEI IN HORSES. ron SORE Tnnoxrs AND INFLUENZA. FOR RROREN KNEES, BRUISES, csupsD LOCKS. FOR SORE .11OULDERS, SORE BACKS. , 5110 SPIIAINE, CUTS. BRUISES IN DOGS. " Indianerteratile in any afrible. but espec;ally lu the stable of a Master of Ilounds. " TIADDINOTON, 'Master of Berwl,lallirs Hounds."

EBROCATON -: le I iV FOR cosy- v\lt, 041\1 IkS I°l r- BRUISES'-- it/ 1 CHEST COLDS •i 9 SORETHROATitom COLD- STIFFNESS Prepared only by ELLIMAN—SONS&C9Siontan_

-LLIMANS UNIVERSAL EMBROCATION [RHEUMATISM.' LUMBPZGO. SPRAINS. OS ' eketo wRUISES 1 11 ISORETHROATCAOTD9S9TI-FIaSS 1 I-2 Prepared only by ELLIMAN SONS&C9SlouthEng.

E A.,.„.......,---,.;:.:2.:..„1---,'„'\,,,,,, 1/8, 2/ Supreme in Quality, ;.,,.. :_,t,'\ • , 's\'‘;‘, 'lr:.J- '_. ' 1,-- '',\,\ 'Y',\. & 2/4 _ ~,,, • _..---—:: • , „,;..0.?;,‘; - per lb. \ -..r4t TIM sg-41' i -7.-..",----;00 'VI ' ‘4\ik A "..i,•4 , ...., • , WE' -^•'"- Is • , . \ .\ , . ,- i', ..„,,- \ ~..- - ~,„_--etii,..oe,--.40, \.4,A,i ir,:oksoot, ~ ~\ •\ , :,..;', ' „...- -"" .•`+ ~,/,'-' „.....4.0.'t A3:',l - % 44, 10 .„,:i:.! \',. \ \*•,,\ ' A , . . ~„„---.......),„,,,,, : ~,fr ,„:77-7,:oo\'''' ~ ' 4.4•.;,? ~:;rsZo•e':,, .:.-%:-.: • \ ' 'IA '-- , - , ,--• ''' ''' e-4,---1‹,,,--,y;•‘ \ >,, ~,5r5,,,i44•04:41, "` IC .:' \ ' efoitt.oo"-___.c-!:, -. -i-:--- •\ . ~k, . \\ ' ' ' -I" o'-.44'3° •Aithl ‘‘\ss7---,,,...5.,...--,,t,4,14,-,--c.14.4"15'.- --;?;-'----'' "--,- .:-_,>:-'.---'' ...„.., \ ~\ t\,,,:&5.,(4.434.-A".„:/,4-E..t.o:,;,,•W;i41- , ..,-,---‘,..,-N-2,':; :r.7.`":77;z;.,,,,-,;;:::::-- ..,,,,;%--,:,-,-,,, , \ Sold by \' \,A.11,4'i 4:s6'/4)77:' ,f '“C"4„ ~:-..:o7''': the leading ' ' ::001;',W7 '', 1: ...:w.- ,;(.4(" s, "' e4y,,,4,9- , „...,,7,,-. -,-. A Rest for the tired GROCER \\ 4/ •ek"--40,1,- ,'4 %-=',.:V- 0-.. ' 0 \ • , .O:VA in each '> A Joy for the Strono• ' • \ ,--: --,i.,..4the-ti? ' ~. ~,•-:! ,:;-.,:-:::kz--;--,• district ----- Iti ' --- \E f 4 "TIEA. EVERYBODY CAN GET IT FROM:— A. E. A. SMITH— BOWDON...HOUSEHOLD STORES SUTTON OAK --BLAIR AND Co Buttermarket-street (corner of CO., o;tford-Rd. ST. HELENS M. BOHAN. AcademV-Street).; 41, Win wick-st. ; CROFT ...JAMES UNSWORTH, Jun. TILSTON J. WILLETT. and 57,Bewsey-st.,WARRINGTON ; EARLESTOWN T. MOLYNEUX. TATTENHALL G. MORGAN 31, Mersey-road, WIDNES; AND GARSTON A. E. A. swill. TRANMERE...M. A. BURGESS & 36, Market-at., EA ItLESTOWN. MIDDLEWICH W. RIMSEY. CO., 28, Church-Rd. ACTON BRIDGE ...A. C. MOULTON MARPLE W. BRADBURY. I WIDNES R. WEBSTER BEFTESFIELD, Near Whitchurch ROCK FERRY...W. HOPKINSON, WIGAN H. LITFIERLAND. J. L. HUXLEY. 96, 98, Bedfotd-Rd. LIVERPOOL ... GENEFIAL SUPPLY ASSOCIATION, 17, COLQUITT-STREET. List of Local Agents now completing, and will be published here regularly. Applications for the few remaining vacancies to be addressed to the Proprietors of" VENOYA " TEA, 19 and 20, Camomile-street, London, E.C. Only one Agent, who must be a leading Grocer, will be appointed for each neighbourhood.

THE BEST 01 CHEAPEST HOUSE Hi LIVERPOOL - - - - -- -- -- ----- ----- iii'llf. A --,..-.-.7---, ' , ,t 1 -,...a..., rr---------urp.-. :I.',li''," :.- =l.. ;13ii..= . i,e• 7 44, iiii • „s, litlit Il'' ': 1 'lll j , 'R.ViI w.:•:'.0.4.,,x , „,,5)?.,.,‘41r r-r." ll[ „ Q.. .._,-., .._l7-,--•------T=:-..-7_.-------:,-----.i-..-.-.=;,-1.7-,i_.1:T.,-------------i------1-----IT-:--:t-L-_----________L--'=_ fs ,lii--,,,..7-7-:---_, 4 w !,';:. w_=.:t,.T-- el;sj-z 'e,7-7 , : , __-_ 7- ~,•7...._.,._. ...„_,I ~....----,------,.._ 2 irit'oN 14 'l_4---•=1-1-5---,-.---------------------:---" - --- '- -"--------:"-----1' n -0 ', ' ' ,---,-. - -.-. .--. p. i_. _ - -'_ __ _ _ ._2__.4L_____ .-t 'A g -1-'1 t • P-_ _ ._ _._, _.) -4 -=-,-: - - - - - , _ th , q -•'' Arigi) :1 C RAN E ..ze SONS II _fonsauakitinnipur , i6l, 1 11 - /-°'"1911137111111113111.111 ii NI Ji II r . 1 PIANOS ........ rRomLS I ' malassawite. , .11.' '' i t I PlllO lliliiiinatravgionalMlNgiougAmanall „____....„..,_,_ , HARMONIUMS....FRomZe) ,i .1 1 -.-±-11,:.'• •' 15 ,lii , i ul I ___-- ----,-----_—_,..---- ril , r......-- --,,,.-_ ---7*-1-ift.;, -,-.,44; I----- - ------ ____ - - .------ - — 7---------'H-------::7- „!1,!...11,,k*°11;it1i,11.,,01:7,01:-Ili II 7_7_,11',..1. , . _12.1_,_ Ilpil 111p1141:i"..0711_111.11:iiiy_",:=LI•ingl__ OktiliL.F.r.)l_l_ll.r:,,_%, ,_ll:l7i,,,=:____ __ - - - -

A 8000 . BIOME CHEST, WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious com- partments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but CO C::.E'S) tPILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Obso ver. ir* • '4li. r FREE Fl?0M MERCURY. , % ..,t,i 4,,mir,r„:434 .4i-...t.,a,,, t,.0.‘ -, 2 A 4 , ir A,,, 1 , 4 • • V i 4. I 1". * ii L "' '' '4'. ""*.•"' ••• .* 'PP . 01 PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS L a FOR BILE. LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c. p ) ."'H. E I pik 1 , 1 i LIN E , ~ .... • • . IRISH CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS POCKET Guarantied all pure flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6.. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. . IRISH LINEN COLLARS. Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars, 5/6 per dozen; made special to pattern, 6/8 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9, 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/8 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH . DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yards square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 40. per yard. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yard. SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. nuckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS, FglE=l7ElAir IRISHTWEED, aalnldructr;lNel:oorl.leaUsenssuayrpiafssfeodr for sitesre,nogrtGh,eDntir vibieality, Patterns Free by Return of Post. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. G. R. MUTTON & CO., LARNE, BELFAST.

7.4 P .„‘ SO•THING POWDERS, OR CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN JSE OVER FIFTY YEARS.

"JOHN STEEDMAN, CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY." is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet. _.-----------7.

PILLS & OINTMENT Are acknowledged by all to be The Best Medicines for Family Use.

MANUFACTURED ONLY AT 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON. Aral Sold by all Medicine Vendors throughout the World. Advice Gratis, at the above address, daily, between the hOUIT of 11 and 4, or by letter.

ALWAY S 11 S E F LETT'S MARMALADE TO BREAKFAST FLETT'S MARMALADE TO BREAKFAST. F LETT'S PICKLES TO DINNER. FLETT'S PICKLES TO DINNER. FLETT'S JAMS TO TEA. FLETT'S JAMS TO TEA. F LETT'S SAUCE TO SUPPER. F LETT'S SAUCE TO SUPPER.

r _ TRY BURY'S SNOWDRIFT CARE PADLOCK ND. 18-AIRA UR. L 0 . s IT'S A MARVEL! • SOLD BY TEF,TH. employingmn theAtyr iL GROCERS EVERYWHERE. • IIEETH. TEETH. T sT 11 PARKINSONS'S TEETH are, at the Pric6" TEETH. UNEXCELLED IN 'LH: iWntOenlidLiDng. pTaltIP:: , gyoir:vesst assured that these Last liesoenestaoftethmeewats:. , In, BETH. it,,,bleia:stedj.oinimAlASOßLi,l3lTßUTll, and p.trhallo to , 1. TEETH. Doxtal PnntErgtaacmsTrttAayhidcppeeepso.seoorstisriii.naltsnßsTTEyiLoßnwEl,atrn,Bddo,rtrectßho.ernoiunu,eticonnasgto.4,te,ti 'TEETH. BEST MATERIALS obtainable, and ch'''rl'- - ' TEETH. TEETH. an ENTIRE NEW SET made FKHI4 CHARGE. Detail will be work immediatelyTldolo Sns Fe. cAbe 37°r 7be riTe di. 'O 5 Every These conditions insure the publie's sitOqi V one TEETH. tion and recommendation, exemplified TEETH. sets having been inserted for patient d‘lr—ji,„ TEETH. of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any or a"f„,.. year luie only, directly and indirectly throl!^o these patients' names and addresses, fa re rit PO° ' TEETH. ranee, will he given to any would-be with personally applying for them. Those* 001 " thousands in the past each recommending ~,,,,, I TEETH. friends, speak volumes for Mr. Faxki3'. n- success. . hino e!. TEETH, His unusually Large D I ental Establio c i adapted for the COMFORT of Patients, 3110 0 TEETH . NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WHO° FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily from 9 . and 2to 6. ~,,ri 1, t TEETH XT. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS E IZA'''.°' . Ac., as hitherto, by the aid of his own ow . TEETH. LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which iv, i. 0 6.00 g'illit J. liquefies for sale to dentists nearlyl ' int TEETH, lons weekly. Patients, have. theretono.r.e. _, , speciality also the benefit of his experte TEETH. CLOSED ALL DAY ON FRIDAY6' , -- „ J. H. PARKINSON, . TEETH. Dentist by Examination. „..s. , 46, MOSLEY-STREET, MANCILESI" ~ WS ~ WARRINGTON ON WEDNESDAYS, at Miss Char - Ladies' Outfitter, Sankey-st., from 2to 5 P•In• ; gig , RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hugke,tt (late Parson's), Confectioner, Bridge-st., from 2 trom ret 11 to 5. _1 4 _--- NORTHWICIL on FRIDAYS. at Miss CI ibeoie 5 . 2. "

_ BIRTH. nublin HOUSTON.—February 10th, at 52, Fitzwilliam-;quare, the wife of Arthur ffouston, Eici„ Q.C., of a daughter. DEATHS. WOO JEFFERY.—On the 24th inst., at 43, Padgate-lalle, Infant son of Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Jeffery. , pencool'' PEACOCK.—Feb. 20th, at n, West-st., Jesse Albert age 52 years. PLIITINGTON. 41 —lBth, at Friars Gate, Agnes Partingt°'" years. 67 Ye'‘r . LILBURN.-17, g 30, Platt-A., Bridget Lilburn, iss SO ItOBERTS.-21, at 3, Refuge Sgua, e, Thomas Ito years. year' KIRIOIaM.-23. at 84, Hoyle-st., Joseph Kirkham, 47 ~,gre• STANLEY.-24, at 96, Lythgoes-lane, Jacnes St'___...__)__,....----.•'.llleY' " ----o _ _
