===== 0002601_18930204_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
J

• .? ' t

===== 0002601_18930204_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
REGISTERED Fl

OW READY.—THE FEBRUARY PART OF THE YOUNG LADIES' JOURNAL, s The best Journal for Ladies and Families, coloured plate of the Latest Paris Fashions, and 13016, Fancy Ball Dresses for Ladies and Children. 'red Sheet : Hmging Basket, in Crochet, for Ferns. With A GIGANTIC SUPPLEMENT a treat Variety of Winter Fashion Illustrations, and 'rah._ FULL-SIZE PATTERNS FOR CUTTING-OUT IcZot and Dress for Little Girls from Six to Ten Years of Age; beif,.eot Pelisse for Child from One to Two Years of Age. for Work-bag, and Diagrams for Wall-pocket. 'he Commencement of a New Story, entitled— 'ONE WOMAN'S WRONG.' The Continuation of AGAINST THE WORLD. Four Complete Stories. ktic O.,IIPF:CIAL ARTICLE ON ROME DECORATION : .r .astimes.Coo ery,Gratts Answers to CorrespondentsAc to:Ilee 9d., post free is including all the Supplements. 'l°4 :Z. Harrison, Salisbury Court, Fleet-Street ; and all Booksellers everywhere.

WILL BUY or EXCHANGE Curios, Diamonds, OH Gold and Silver; highest prico.—Jenxsorr. Pawn- broker, 71, Oxford st., Manchester.

g§bipping 19.otirt5

4:WaYs ,--uuurhood tkira „ V ng , )

===== 0002601_18930204_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
EM IGRATION.

TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD. Intending emigrants to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, San Fransiseo, Canada, China, Japan, Australia, or New Zealand, should take tickets (lowest rates) atthe '• Examiner" Ofilce, Warrington, by GUION. AMERICAN, AUSTEA- LIAR, ORIENTAL, and other lines.

NOTICE TO MASONS, BUILDEES, AND RAIL. WAY COATRAOTORS. EDDISBUBY RED AND MANLEY WHITE STONE loaded in trucks at

DELAMERD AND DIANLEY STATIONS. 5,000

TONS IN STOCK, suitable for RAILWAY BRIDGES AND OTHER PURPOSES REQUIRING- STRENGTH. For particulars apply to ISNA C JOHNSON AND SON, HAREWOOD HILL, KELSALL, near CHEST BR.

JOHN WALKER, AGENT, "EXAMINER" OFFICE BEWSRy-ST.. WARRINGTON.

HOME MADE SAUSAGES.

MO LYNEUX'S HOME-MADE HIGH CLASS

PORK SAUSAGES.

Made from Pork Slaughtered on own Premises.

ALSO MOLYNEUX'S BEEF & PORK SAUSAGES.

These will be found to agree with those that find all Pork too rich.

Everyone should try these EXCELLENT SAUSAGES (both kinds), to ascertain which are most suitable for them.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
ALSO HOME-MADE

PORK PIES AND BRAWN

CHINA TEAS.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
Tea a ld Sir Andrew Clarke.

For years, whenever my Customers have asked me for a Mild Tea. I have advised the Pure. old Fashioned China which I eep, and the advice has been appreciated. It is very satisfactory to them that such an eminent authority as Sir Andrew Clarke, the London Physician, corroborates

keep,

_ opinion.

Here lean extract from an interesting lecture, delivered by Sir Andrew the other day, to the Students of the London

Hospital

"Tea is a blessed beverage. Ido not know what I should do without it. But there is tea and tea, and one of the teas I have in my mind is the representation of all that is physiologically wicked. Igo about town a good deal holding consulta- tions here and there, and about five o'clock, when I get into a place, the lady of the house will say to me : 'Sir Andrew, you look tired, do let me give you a cup ot tea.' I say thank you very much.' But the tea has stood for half-an-hour, and she remarks, • I know you do you not like it strong, Sir Andrew. and she then pours about a tablespoonful of the tea into a cup and fills thecup up with water. Now I call it positivecruelty to give tea like that to anybody. and I hope you, gentlemen, will always set your face against it. Tea, to be useful, should be first of all Black China Tea ; the Indian Tea which is being cultivated has become so powerful in its effects upon the nervons system that a cup of it taken early in the morning, as many do, so disorders the nervous system that those who take it actually get into a state of tea intoxication, and it produces a form of nervous disturbance, which is most painful to witness. If you want to have, either for yourselves or for your patients, tea which will not injure and which will refresh, get Black China Tea, putting in the right measure—the Old fashioned teaspoonful for each person and one for the blessed pot. Then pour on briskly boiling water, and within five minutes you must pour it off again, or it will become wicked instead of good." Such is Sir Andrew Clarke's opinion and advise. A few words of warning, however, are necessary to those who have for- gotten what this old fashioned tea is like. The colour of the tea after it is brewed will be found tobe much paler than that now in use, and the taste may not be acceptable at first owing to its apparent insipidness ; but if its use is persisted in, it will very soon be found to be much and if, in a week to two after its use, a trial is again made of the kind now in ordinary use, you wmiolrlewsuointadbelrehfoowr etvheers yy,;t:m' Could This old fashioned China Tea, as recommended by Sir Andrew Clarke, can be obtained now, as always or the last 35 co have been using it,and you will endorse Sir Andrew's statement. years, at

THOMAS MOLYNEUX HOUSEHOLD STORES, 37, 39, 8: 41, MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN.

SMALL-PDX I I SCARLET FEVER I ! PREVENTION BETTER 'IRAN CURE ! I ! Healthy Homes maintained by using BIBBY'S DISINFECTING FLUID.

It is a perfect Antiseptic and Deodpriser, and efftcttially prevents contagion. It is a sure remedy for skin sores in man, horse, or dog, and is not poisonous. Invaluable to Hotel Proprietors, FRE. men, and Householders. HENRY BIBBY and Co.. Dock Chemical Works, Cornbrook, Manchester.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
DAY, SON, AND HEWITT'S

"ORIGINAL" A.ND CELEBRATED

LAMBING AND CALVING, REMEDIES.

THE STOCK-BREEDER'S ANCHOR OF SAFETY,

THE GASEOUS FLUID. Cures Paining in Bad Calving and Lambing.

Cures Low Coldi,ion, Debility, and Hoven. Cures Colic, Sour, Spasms, and Diarrhcea. Cures Coughs, Colds, and Loss of Appetite. Price is. 9d. per bottle; 20s.p, r dozen boxes. THE RED DRENCH. For Cleaning after Lambing ano Calving. For Htle-bounl. Red Water, and Yellows, For Chills, Fevers, and Stomach Cleansing. For Prev-nting Milk Fever awl Dropping. Price 3s. 6d. per doz. (Ewes); 135. per doz. (Cows). THE CHEMICAL EXTRACT, For Anointing in Critic .1 Calving and Lambing. For Killing all Fain and Preventing Heaving.

For all Saes, Wounds, and Swoleti Udders. For Sore Throats, Strains, Cuts and Bruises.

Price 2s. 61., 3s. 61., and 7s. per Bottle. The " GASEODYNE," for Extreme Pain in Cattle and Sheep, B 1 ,wn Cattle, Violent Scour, and Colic of the 'worst type ; also Excessive Pain in Cows and Ewes during partu. rition. Price 3s. 6d. per bottle. The above and many othe s, with "KEY TO FARRIERY." from the world-renowned STOCK-BREEDER'S MEDICINE CHEST. Price, complete. £2 16s. 6d. ROYAL ANIMAL MEDICINE MANUFACTORY. 22, DORSET-STREET, LONDON, W. Established nearly 60 Years.

N.B.—Gratuitons advice given by our Mr. T. G. HEWITT, • M.R.0.V.5., London.

DANCING SEASON, 1893.

DRESS SHIRTS 4/6, 5/6. 6/6, 7/6, THE LATEST (2 studholes). 4s. 6d.. 6s. 6d. " SPECIALITE " with Detachable Cuffs, 6s. 6d. EXTRA CUFFS is. per pair. DRESS GLOVES (2 Buttons) Is. 6d., is. lid., 2s. 9d., with silk Fourchett-sy specially ventilated. 28.9 d. DRESS BOWS IN ALL THE LATEST SHAPES. DRESS COLLARS, STUDS, HANDKER- CHIEFS, and EMBROIDERED SOCKS in great variety. PAUL, THE PRINCIPAL HOSIER, 69, BRIDGE-ST., WARRINGTON. Two doors from Lion Hotel.

IRONMONGERY! IRONMONGERY

MT M. LA WSON 57, MARKET-ST., EARLEsTOWN. GENERAL IRONMONGER, WHOLESALE CABINET VAICER, SANITARY AND DOMES- TIC ENGINEER. Tin, copper, and ironplate worker, and general copper smith. BRASS FURNISHING, in all its branches under- taken. Brass. Iron, and Steel casings supplied from Customers' own patterns or to order. CYCLES CAREFULLY REPAIRED AND REPAINTED. INVENTOR AND PATENTEE OF THE LAWSON LIME-LIGHT APPARATUS. Note the address

57 MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN.

GR EA T SALE

OVERCOATS.

SPECIAL PURCHASE.

300 OVERCOATS TO BE CLEARED OUT.

BOYS; OVERCOATS FROM 2s. 11D. YOUTHS' OVERCOATS.

MBES' OVERCOATS.

GREAT SALE

OVERCOATS.

XMAS CARDS, BLOTTING PADS, HATS, TIES,

RAM'S. !cc., PRBSIINTED TO

CUSTOMERS.

TJ NSWORTH'S

THE GREAT CLOTHIERS.

RUNCORN.

BRANI) & CO.'S BEEF BOUILLON.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
A MOST NUTRITIOUS AND INVIGORATING

BEVERAGE. Made by the Simple Addition a Boiling Wate, At a Cost within the reach of' all. 11. LITTLE STANIIOPE-ST..IIAYFAIR. W.

MARTINDALE'S WELL-KNOWN

BLACKING. . (LIQUID AND PASTE). ALSO "SANDRINGHAM " WATERPROOF JET LUSTRE AND KID CREAM

FOR LADIES' BOOTS.

HARNESS COMPOSITION. (THE CELEBRATED HORSE SHOE BRAND).

FURNITURE POLISH &c., ALL OP THE BEST QUALITY.

17. HANOVHR-ST., LIVEMPOOL.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE

The beet and cheapest ever offered to the Public.

Gold by all Grocers and Druggists, In Canister

54., 104., and li. 8d each. Wholesale by .7 GEDDES & SON, Warrington.

CHEAP COAL.

- -- BANK QUAY. COAL DEPOT

ad percwt.

T. HILTON & CO.,

COAL MERCHANTS, FACTORY LANB COAL YARD,

10dprOWt. NorE.—Wi

WAIMINGTON.

'INT]

CASH. t3dperowt.

I 10d pr cwt. ELI VERY

===== 0002601_18930204_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
`ER PRICES. IMMEDIATE

THE WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANY, LTD. (Late John Nunnerley and Co., Ltd.). BUILDERS' MERCHANTS. ARPLY STATION. WARRINGTON, VELINHELI, PENRHYN, AND CARNARVON SLATES. CEMENT, LIME, DRAIN PIPES, FIRE BRICKS, TILES. and every other kind of Builders' Materials kept in stock at our Arpley Wharf, or sent by road. rail, or vessel to any Town or Port in the United Kingdom. SOLE AGENTS for the RUGBY PORTLAND CEMENT CO. Telephone No. 19. Telegraphic Addresa " Arpley," w.gtoa

• .

c,„;•:',.;:, •

===== 0002601_18930204_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS,

Prasoxs or RANK. —Soldiers. LATE MAlLS.—Bachelors who go "a day After the fair." RESULT OF A SCRI.TTINY OF "THE POLL."—A phrenological chart. WHAT is that which Adam never saw, never pos- sessed, and yet he gave two to each of his children! —Parts. A GASESTER finding luck rather hard against him, exelaimed, " Ah, Fortune ! 'tis true you make me lose, but I defy you to make me pay.' A THIRSTY Kentish elector, at an inn, in Maid- stone, shouted, "Waiter, bring me bitter beer !" —" We can bring you a bit o' bread," said the waiter, "but not a bit o' beer." "Is there any danger from the boa constriclor ?" said a visitor to the Zoological Gardens a feways since.—" Not the least, sir ; he never bites, he swallows his victuals whole." IN the newspaper account of an inquest held on the body of a glutton, who died by devouring part of a goose, the verdict, suffocation, was printed, with more truth than was intended, stuffocation. THERE was a rule in an old debating society which might be advantageously recommended to some of our public bodies—" That any gentleman wishing to speak the whole evening should have room to himself." NATURE AND ART. —A lecturer, addressing a Hampshire audience, contended, with tiresome prolixity, that Art could not improve Nature • until one of his hearers, losing all patience, set tht room in a roar by exclaiming, "How would you look without your wig ? " A CONNECTICUT Jonathan, in taking a walk with his dearest, came to a tollbridge, when he, as honest as he was wont to be, said, after paying his toll (one cent), "Come, Suke, you must pay your own toll, for just as like as not I sha'nt have you arter all."

AN English lady on arriving at Calais, on her way to make a grand tour, was surprised and somewhat indignant at being termed for the first time in her life "a foreigner."—" You mistake, madam," said she to the libeller, with some pique, "it is you who are foreigners, we are English. THE equivocality of many of the names of places in Scotland has gi mu occasion to a very amusing saying regarding a clergyman. "He was born in the parish of Dull, brGught up in the school of Dome, and finally settled as minister in thl parish of Drone " A GENTLEMAN was describing to his children some remarkably tine apples which he had seen in a friend's orchard. " rhey are almost as large," said he, "as Urban's head, allowing a little for hyperbole."—" 'Hyperbole !" said Urban, "what is that, papa? is it my hair ?" _ _

During the time the late Sir Robert Peel was Premier, Lady Peel was in the habit of pasting all the articles which appeared in the newspapers against him on a screen. "Well," observed a friend, there ig nothing very singular in that—it is but the duty of every good wife to screen her husband's faults." Two men in dispute reflected upon each other's veracity. One of them replied that "lie was never whipped but once by his father, and that was for telling the truth."—" I believe, then," retorted the other, "the truth was whipped out of you, for you have never spoken it since.'' BIKE the generality of kings and conquerers, Frederick the Great had a most philosophic indiffer- ence to death—hi others. In one of ids battles a battalion of veterans having taken to their heels, he galloped after them, bawling cut—" Why do you run away, you old blackguards? Do you want to live for ever ? " BOYLE tells us of a great traveller, who being rallied upon his rambling humour, amwered, that he would cease travelling as soon as he could find a country where power and credit were in the hands of honest men, and perferment went by merit. Query i—lf such a man were now alive, where would he take up his abode? FEMININE PIIRASEOLOGY.—Ignorence of female modes of speech often leads to great misunder- standing. A lady who says—" I would not make a fright of myself," means, generally, that she neglects nothing, however minute, to make herself attractive. With another—" to be decent" means to have a mass of beautiful lace, and a little for- tune in diamonds. SMITHERS, on going home the other night, was run against by a three-storey house which was chasing a lamp-post. On coming to he thus reasoned with himself :—" Is that mud (hiccup) or is it brains (hiccup) ? If it's mud I'm mortally 'toxicated ; if it's brains I'm slightly dead (hiccup), that's all." When we left he was trying to persuade the porch of a house that it was unconstitutional to leave awning-posts out of doors after nightfall. A GENTLEMAN once introduced his son to Row- land Hill, by letter, as a youth of great promise, and likely to do honour to the University of which he was a member; "but he is shy," added the father, "and idle and I fear buries his talents in a napkin." A short time afterwards the parent, anxious for the reverend gentleman's opinion, inquired what he thought of his son? "I have shaken the napkin," said Rowland Hill, "at all =niers, and there is nothing in it l" AN UNREDEEMED PLEDGE. —Sixty-Seven years ago, a committee of the House of Commons was appointed to examine into the state of steam naviga- tion. Lord Stanley was chairman of that com- mittee ; and on Mr. Stephenson, the eminent engineer, speaking of the probability of steam-ships creasing the Atlantic, Lord Stanley rose from his seat and exclaimed, "Good heavens ! what do you say? If steam-ships cross the Atlantic, I will eat the boiler of the first boat MILD Piaras.—An old lady visiting Southport for her health was desired to take a few colocynth pills occasionally. She put some in a. saucer in the cupboard at her lodgings, and thought, after she had taken some a few days, that they were very mild and serviceable. She recommended some to another old lady, and on reaching a saucer down, the stranger was surprised to find holes through the pills, and on examination it was found that the old lady had been takiug for mild pills the landlady's daughter's black beads THE DOUBLE MISFORTUNE. —At a provincial theatre in France, a comedy was played entitled Twenty-six Misfortunes of Harlequin. An actor who happened to be among the spectators, called to Harlequin at the end of the play—" I say, the play-bill is a cheat. I paid to see twenty-six mis- fortunes ; I have counted well on my fingers, and there were but twenty-four ! "—" Eh! Sango- demi I" shouted Harlequin, "did not I marry at the end of the comedy? And does not that make up at least two misfortunes ? "- AN EXTREMELY USEFUL DISCOVERV.—An Irish gentleman h-is invented a highly ingenious method by which, for the small charge of one penny, any one can, at any rime, have his boots cleaned. The old plan, lately so much in vogue, of flapping the dust off with your handkerchief, is entirely super. ceded. The method is this : " Von hail a penny 'bus, and sceatnble to the seat farthest from the door, taking care to drag your feet against the dresses of all the ladies. On getting out you will find your hoots have been perfectly cleaned for one penny. N.B. Silk dresses make the beat polishers. A velvet dress (if there should happen to be a Jewess inside) is the most effectual for wiping off the mud." A RESPECTABLE elderly lady received a tele- gaaphhic dispatch, purporting to be from her husband. She read it carefully, and then returned it to the messenger with the remark that it could not be from her " liege lord," for it was not in his handwriting! No explanation could convince her of Mistake. A NEW settler, entnesselsore in' -allssouri, gives the following graphin deserVeA if iu people and the country in that section 0 'Mete ham a dominions : —As for the countr3; ,the tare* is as cheap as dirt, and good enough; but the cliinaly,o4l,tr:rainl,. blowy, and eriltry. The people die to fast heie that every man has his third xvife, and every woman is a widow. AN Irishman visiting the Zoological Carileno was closely examining a small animal called an hormi- guar°, or an ant-cater, that'had become quite domesticated. " What do you Call it It is an ant-eater," replied the young 'anan whom he had addressed. "Oh, wirru sthrul that small thing eat ants ! By thunder, I wish I had it in Ireland, if it would eat ants then for I have an ould aunt there myself who has kept me out of her property these last fifteen years. rslr. Ir., you jest when you say my babe is the handsomest you ever saw; you must be soft-soaping."—" Well, madam, I think it needed soap of some kind." A IcarroNAL NOTION.—A genuine Highlander was one day looking at a print from a picture by one of the old masters, in which angels were repre- sented blowing trumpets. He inquired if the angels played on trumpets, and being answered in the affirmative, made the following pithy remark :7 " Hech, sirs! but they maun be easily pleased we music! I wonder they dinna borrow a pair of bag- - •

===== 0002601_18930204_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY WE GET DRUNK.

BY MR. H. WHITHAM.

I do not propose in this article to deal with drunkenness from the total ahstainer's point of view. As may have been seen from what I have already said, I look upon the abstainer, more especially the one who boasts be never in his life touched, tasted, or handled intoxicating liquors, as being somewhat of a fanatic, in his methods of propaganda. essommola

I:have, all my life, worked with men who were great drunkarcs ; men who spent all the time they could possibly spare from bed and work in the public-house ; men who never in the least recognized the rights, and claims of either wife or children on their earnings, and cultivated most tenderly the great fallacy, that what they earned was their own, and "had they not a right to do as they liked with their own ?" This fallacy does not attach itself to the drunkard alone, but is one that is entertained by many of those in high places, hence, possibly, the reason of the drunkard's existence.

The drunkard, like the glutton, has habituated his stomach to taking in excess what may be good for him. Some of us could never drink or eat to excess. Our nerves, stomach, ability, constitution, and poor heads would so stoutly resist repeated states of intoxication, that we should have to give it up from sheer inability to carry it on. Doctors recognize the uselessness of trying to make people sober by law, and in consequence take no leading part in such methods. Men engaged in hard physical work, in-door or out-door, make the most con- firmed drunkards. When it is otherwise, it may be noticed that the victim to tho habit is generally one of a well developed animal and physical nature. So men engaged out-door in the cold, or in-door in extreme heat can dispose of a deal more liquor than can men engaged in a moderate temperature and sedentary work.

AU efforts to cure drunkenness, other than social efforts, have failed because it has never been recognized that to make a drunkard, a certain soil, or constitution, was needed in which the taste for liquor might develope. There are men who abominate the taste or smell of tobacco, let it come in ever so fair a shape. I see men every day where I work pull out the snuff box, and with a little spoon insert between the lower gum, and lip a spoonful of snuff. I may say this is done by women, as well as men. For women to make a pill of soap and snuff and insert it between the gum and lip ensures them white teeth, so they think. These are habits that men and women, take to very much as a duck takes to water.

Does any one imagine for a moment that law can cure these habits? A man may abstain by exerting his will power, or so long as a fever of enthusiasm is upon him, but our experience proves that neither of these features is sufficient. One who has had the "D.T.'s" three or four times is a lost man in every sense. In fact the manhood is gone out of him, and law must here step in, and the poor helpless mortal should be placed under restraint. To take such a one to the police court is simply a travesty of justice. Those interested in this question will wotice that there is springing up a class of specia- lists that recognize most of the above features, and deal with drunkenness as a disease which, it governed at all by the thinking powers of the patient, must be EO only slightly.

- What may be done with the child unfortunately de- veloping a drink habit I may not go into, more than by saving that I am sure it can, like consumption, be cured if 'taken in its very earliest stages. Train and develsp the lungs, and you cure consumption. In a somewhat similar way deal with a child developing a taste for alcohol, and you may make it almost impossible for a child to become a drunkard. I think those who have studied this subject are pretty well satisfied that either separately or combined hereditary tendency and envi- ronment are the chief, almost only, causes of drunken- ness. With the former of these causes I am not the right person to deal. It is of the latter I want to say a few words.

Drunkenness is more an effect than a cause. It does ' not cause poverty so much as poverty causes it. It is the state of mind a man habitually carries with him that causes him to squander his money, and to become a drunkard. I would support any and all restrictions that could be placed upon drink, as a matter of working , policy, but I have for years been in favour of the free, and unrestricted sale of liquor, and I am satisfied now that if this policy were adopted there would be fewer drunkards in 20 years' time than there would be with all the Local Option laws that could be passed. There are restrictions on poisons, morphia and opium, yet who- ever wants any of these drugs can get them. For gain, highly respectable druggists will enable any man either to have a shot, or a quietus. These restrictions act like the Maine prohibition law. The victim simply gets a larger private supply, and has a bigger " ‘..'"unk." The true remedy is not to restrict, but to destroy the desire ' for drink. I have pointed these features in the liquor question out, because they are existent, and the cure because I think it possible. . .

But there are other causes steadily at work that the reformer may grapple with. We were told, ages ago, to ;0 drink and forget our misery. Suppose we set this in- junction on one side, and try to remove the misery. It gets more true every day that " Man sighs to think how oft he's found Life's warmest welcome at an inn.' In the home and the workshop a great deal can be done to make a sober people. Itis an alarming fact that all classes of people seem to be rushing into the vortex of drink. The hurry and scurry of trade, the excitement consequent on the rushing after riches which pervades the people generally causes the longing for something " just to settle the nerves." The possession of wealth without the necessary training as to its responsibilities causes drunkenness. The possession of wealth, and the consequent increase of an immense number of people of both sexes who lead a life of idle unproductive useless— ness, is making drunkards. At the door of the Primrose League lies a heavy charge in this respect.

But more to the point is the fact that we do not make- homes in the truest and best sense. We allow, for the mere sake a gain, holes to exist in which no man,.' returning from a bard day's work,can find any comfort. ' What wonder if a man does seek the comforts of the tap-room,when the only home be has is such as has been freely described in the Warrington Press? The greatest curse in the world is the institution of female factory ! labour. We seem to have encouraged a false standard ' of liberty, and girls flock into factories, and other work- shops in preference to domestic service. They seem to think that the liberty they have in the evenings and on Sundays is all-sufficient, and the criminal system of competition encourages their entrance into these places. I There is not a doubt that the ignorance of domestic. duties fostered thus during girlh-od is a primary cause of intemperance. Her ignorance prevents her from doing those things that would make her home a place of rest, a refug.e P4r her husband and children. Her ignorance prevents her from buying and preparing the kind of food that would give nourishment and satisfy the cravings of hunger, which drive the inmates of the house to stimulants, to silence. longings the causes of which are unknown to him. Teach every girl the hygiene of foods, and you have gone far towards making a home of peace and happiness, because one great source of intemperance has been removed.

The baby girl should be taught as she grows along wi9i the years, to cultivate a nataral taste for the beau- tif 11. In her home she should be approached on every side with all that is elevating to the character. Books should be her greatest pleasure as a recreation, and study ; pictures, not daubs, should be there, not merely as so much furniture, but as a retex of the beautiful in her own mind. Music, of which the poets have written so much, has so much power in making home beautiful that it should be the leading feature in school-girl edu- cation. Here in the States it is being made much of as an influence in the temperance cause. The education ' which it was fondly hoped would make the people sober has been somewhat disappointing,because it has touched too much the commercial and not enough the altruistic side of our nature. We have been looking for the age of brain and of heart to come in, hoping to see the brute go out, but how can it be, when as Tennyson wrote " City children soak and blacken soul and sense in cite slime?" Temperance reformers may give their money, time, and energy, but it is all in vaiii so long as " Crime and hunger cast our an,dclens by the ths.usand on is street ?"

I plead for the workingman and his home. I know, as :-prncer has taught, that " excess of bodily exercise L.naiinishes the power of thought," and that "in peasants who spend their lives in muscular labour the activity of mind is very small." Modern civilization is failing because it is reducing men, women, and children to the function of machines, a life so monotuncus and sordid, so destitute of anything that refines and elevates the human spirits, that the only wonder hi We are as sober as we give ourselves credit for being. I would ask all educated persons, and all the wealthy reformers to put themselves in the places of those I have written of, and answer the question what would they be other than such as we are.

I offer no protest against the present work of temper- ance reformers. All I say is, it does not grasp the whole situation. I believe, with Miss Willard—a name that should be familiar to every temperance advocate—that he children must first be saved, and taught not to drink. That woman must be drawn more into all social life. "Women more in the State,not less at home, man more in the home, not less, in the State." Miss Willard thinks that when woman reaches her full place in citizenship, her full and rightful position in the life of the world, the temperance cause will then have a chance. Then we shall commerce humanizing the con- ditions of labour. We shall then know the difference between cause, and the effect.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1893.

Fullam for South Meath. His rising was received I with prolonged and enthusiastic cheers. A glance at the Prime Minister gave the lie direct to the many sinister rumors respectng his health. There he stood at the table with his hands on the box, erect, cheerful, and smartly clothed. His voice was in magnificent tone, and the testimony of political friends and of political opponents agreed in describ- ing his speech on Mr. Macartney's motion, and his speech in reply to 'Air. Balfour's criticisms, as remarkable manifestations of physical and intellect- ual vigor.

Mr. Balfour did not enter the House till twenty minutes past four. His followers welcomed him with a demonstation which was evidently pre- arranged, as Mr. Balfour was for some time convers- ing at the fireplace in the Opposition lobby waiting for the opportune moment for an appearance in the House. The duel between Mr. Balfour and Mr. Gladstone was watched from the Ladies' Gallery with absorbing interest by Mr. Balfour's sister, who sat beside Mrs. Gladstone and Miss Helen Gladstone. Miss Mathew, a daughter of the judge whose con- duct was assailed by Mr. Balfour and vindicated by Mr. Gladstone, was in the front row of the Ladies' Gallery.

ft\ kAdlic:"

===== 0002601_18930204_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
" CAPITAI " CHAT.

Sir Charles Gavan Duffy, the late Premier of Victoria, who is at present resining at the Villa Frenchinelli, his beautifnl home in the Eiviera, is engaged in the preparation of a further volume on Carlyle, and in writing his own biography. He returns to London in May to take the control of an important literary enterprise. Sir Charles has now entered on his seventy-seventh year.

There is a row in New Zealand over the following item in the Government accounts :—" Expenses in connection with the hamper of game sent to her Majesty, £22 is. od." It turns out that a new Knight—Sir Patrick Buckley, the Colonial Secre- tary—sent this little present to the Queen soon after receiving his title, but the Radicals naturally object very strongly to the country being called upon to pay for Ministers' gifts to Windsor Castle kitchen. By expressing his gratitude at other people's cost, Sir Patrick seems to have pretty fairly gauged the value of his title.

The death of Mrs. Palmer-Morewood, of Alfreton- park, Derby, snaps a link with the great literary past, for that lady was the second daughter of George Anson, Lord Byron, who succeeded his first cousin, the poet, as seventh holder of the title bestowed, in 1643, upon the ancient family of Byron. Mrs. Palmer-Morewood was the younger sister of Mrs. Coulson, who married in 1834 Mr. John Coulson, of Blenkinsopp Castle, Northumberland, and was, therefore, the aunt of the well-known actor, who is the husband of Miss Kate Phillips,and who, though his name, is Coulson, is familiar to players and to playgoers as "handsome Harry Conway.'

Mr. Arnold Frank Hills, the defendant in the libel action in which Dr. T. R. Allinson was the plaintiff, is to be the Conservative candidate for South West Ham at the next election. He will be a strong opponent to Mr. Hier-Hardie, as he is the managing director of the Thames Iron Works,many of the employes of which reside in the constituency. Mr. Hills, as president of the Vegetarian Society and proprietor ot the "Vegetarian," has taken an active part for years now in the warfare against flesh foods. Like Keir-llardie, he is also a great temper- ance man ; whilst another bent of his mind is indi- cated by his membership of the Church of England Purity Society.

Sir Ricbard,Owen, the ?great naturalist, leaves a fortune of nearly £34,000, and considerable real property to his heirs. Science seems, like poetry, to be fairly lucrative now-a-days. The real estate, which is near Durham, goes to his eldest grandson, while his daughter-in-law, the widow of his eldest son, who met a somewhat tragic death a few years ago, enjoys the life-interest of the personalty, that is should she remain unmarried. Mrs. Owen has lived in Sheen Lodge—which, by the way, the Queen has given her the use of for her life—since she lost her husband, and her unceasing and assid- uous care doubtless helped to prolong the venerable naturalist's life.

At the National Liberal Club yesterday three more portraits were added to the large dining- room, and all the five panels of the rooms are now filled. The portraits include : Mr. Gladstone, painted by Mr. Collin Forbes, member of the Cana- 1 dian Academy ; Lord Granville, a replica of the picture presented to the Earl by the Liberal Peers in the House of Lords: Viscount Oxenbridge, painted by Mr. Hermann Herkomer, and unveiled last week—Mr. Bright and Mr. Cobden. These last two are replicas of original paintings by Mr. Lowes Dickenson. These portraits have all been presented to the club through the efforts of the Art Committee, and have been placed in position to be ready for the conversazione which is to be held on the Bth of Feb.

Miss Helen Sheffield, sister of young Sir Berkeley Sheffield. of Normanby Park, Lincolnshire, whom Lord Arthur Grosvenor, eldest surviving son of the Duke of Westminister, is shortly to marry, is a descendant, though with the bar sinister in the escutcheon, of that ancient family of SheEeld who were Earls of Mulgrave and the Dukes of Norman- by many years before the titles of Mulgrave and of Normanby (marquis) were bestowed upon the Phipp's who now hold them. On the death of the second Duke of Normanby in 1735 the titles became extinct, and the estates all passed to the illegitimate son of the first duke, who assamed the surname of Sheffield as directed in the will, and, haying married a daughter of that distinguished officer, General Sabine, was created a baronet in 1755. The present baronet is the sixth holder of the title, and is just seven and twenty.

Mr. W. L. Watkinson, who is Tying dangerously ill of pheumonia, is the wittiest cleric in the Wes- leyan Church, as Mr. P. W. Macdonald, the brother- in-law of Mr. Lockwood Kipling, Ur. Burne-Jones, and Mr. Poynter, is the most humorous. His bent for caustic epigram is apt to become a snare, and in point of fact he is obliged sometimes to struggle to repress the temptation to be brilNant under in, auspicious conditions. Mr. Watkinsen is to succeed the veteran Dr. Gregory in the autumn as official editor of Wesleyan publications. He does not share the distrust of modern criticism which has led some elderly ecclesiastiastics to seek: unavailingly to impeach the doctrinal integrity of the chief theological divines in the Methodist communion. The heresy-hunt now being pursued in that quar- ter is therefore likely to die a natural death as soon as this genial successor of Sidney Smith assumes The reins of power.

Although the electric installation in Windsor Castle is to remain, there is no probability of its being extended, for the present at leant, to any of I the rooms usually in the oacupation of her Majesty. I At present there are glow lamps along one section of the corridor, and also in the billicrd-room, an apartment to which the- Queen never resorts. Everything has been done, by means of tinted shades and the like, to subdue the glare which is found so objectionable. When her Maiesty passes from the oak dining room to her private staircase she has within almost simnitaneous view examples of the four systems of artiacial light in common use. The outside lamps which illumine the dark- ness of the quadrangle are supplied with gas by the Windsor Corporation. The corridor is lit up with electric lamps, intermingled with old-fashioned lamps, both pedestal, table,and bracket,. containing oil'. in her own rooms candles as well as oil are employed, the chamber formerly occugied by the late Prince Consort being in fact never suffered to I remain in darkness.

The Rev. Frederick Antzobus is apparently be- coming a popular preacher at the Brampton Ora- tory, and filling the place that was vacated last year by the premature death of the elovent Father Codolphin Osborne. On Sunday night Father An- trobus had a crowded and interested audience as he discoursed for half an hour in teaing in for-- cible English from the teat, " Why stand ye here all the day idle?' The sermon was in great mea- sure a stern and spirited rebuke to the wealthy idlers of the West-end—not J. K. Jemme's club a intellectual idlers,but the fellows with more money than brains. Ile told the possessors of inhelitod lwealth that the law of labour applied to them 3s closely and directly as to those who earned thuir bread in the sweat of their brow. Their wcrk ahould largely consist ot dispensing the wealth, of which they were the te-Mporary custodians in :the service and to the benefit of their fellow-cnea- , tures.

Lieutenant-General the Hon. W.. Feilding, wlose efforts as Inspector-Geaeral of tho. Army Recruiting Department have won, the warm commendation of the Commander-in-Chiei and Mr., Campbell-Banner- man, is a brother of the late Earl of Denbigh and uncle of the present peer. He passed through the Staff College with distinction, and was appointed military attache at the French headquarters during the Franco-Prussian War. Napoleon ILL created him a Knight of th2,Legion of Honor. Ha-ring been born at the Court of William 117., where his father was Master of the Horse to Queen Adelaide, it fol- lows that he is every inch a courtier, as becomes an ex-page of honor. But General Feilding is also an industrious man of affairs, much interested in colo- nial matters and colonisation farms in Queensland and New Zealand, and as skilful with his brush as he is with his pen. Tall and shapely in figure. his thoughtful, handsome face may often be met in Pall-mall. His cosy chambers in Sloane-st. are a museum of art treasures from the East, and here it is that the General works, when not engaged at the Horse Guards, at his philanthropic schemes for benefiting poor ladies and distressed soldiers, for he has great sympathy for all unfortunate folk. The General is fifty-six and still a bachelor, hale and hearty.

Mr. Gladstone was brought to his feet in the Commons on Tuesday by Mr. Maeartney's attempt to make Orange capital out of the unseating of Mr.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
MEN AND MATRIMONY. SOME INTERESTING INFORMATION.

That the mothers and daughters of England are greatly to be pitied does not admit of a doubt. For years has the plaintive wail arisen that men will not dance and will not marry. They do not object to making love—in fact, many like the pro- cess ; but matrimony is quite another matter. How , often have we heard a lover sigh, " She's the dearest girl, the only girl I ever really loved ; but look at my income—." Perhaps while the said income is in process of expansion the roses flit from the dear one's cheeks. In order that men and women may know how the question actually stands, I have digested masses of matrimonial statistics extending over several years, and the results thereof I humbly present here. I will en- deavour to show what likelihood there is of a man don- ning the matrimonial fetters at various ages, and also indicate at what period of life his hymeneal tendency is greatest. My facts are drawn from the upper or pru- dent classes of society, because among the artisan and labouring population the same restrictions are not felt.' If a man's income does not vary much between twenty and fifty, he will probably marry at the earlier age. Among commercial and professional people the condi- tions are different, and a man rarely takes upon himself the responsibility of a wife and a possible family until his means or prospects appear to justify the stop. Also, any rise in the standard of comfort or in the price of necessaries still further delay the happy event. Take 1.000 young men at the age of 20 and übserve them again on the attainment of the quarter-century. In the five years only 21 will have married. In spite, therefore, of five springs, during which the "young men's fancy fondly turns to thoughts of love,"on an aver- age only 4 1-5 fond fancies are wedded. If, on the other hand, we take 1,000 at 25, and watch their proceedings during the next quinquennium, we shall find that no less than 94 find mates. If I had made similar observations upon the same number of bachelors from 30 to 85 years old. I should have been gratified by attending 133 wed- dings. This is the way the table runs :

20-25 2l marriages 50-55 43 marriages. 25-30 94 marriages 55-60 34 marriages. 30-35 l3B marriages 60-65 l9 marriages. 35-40 147 marriages 65-70 5 marriages. 40 45 122 rnarrinnes 70-75 3 marriages. 45-50 79 marriages 75 80 1 a marriage. It must be remembered that the above refers only to bachelors.

A careful study of the table will be to give benefit to marriageable maidens. Warned by it, they will not waste sweet smiles and gentle glances upon young men under 30. These will be relegated to the society of dowagers and aged spinsters, while the men from 30 to 45 years old will receive the maximum of a feminine attention. Between 35 and 40 i 3 the best age. Under the present system, since only 1 in 543 of young men under 25 get married, the amount of fliftation indulged in by the other 49 must be truly awful. The fraction opposite the ages 75-80 does not mean that an elderly bridegroom invariably retires before the marriage ser- vice is completed, but implies that only I out of 2000, gay young bachelors of 75 takes unto himself a wife during the next five years. The competition to secure that one must be severe.

It will not surprise anyone to learn that a, widower is more inclined to marry than a bachelor of the same age. A widower has tried the experiment, and knows the delights of a vie-a-vie at dinner. He also has a house and perhaps a family on his hands. Thhin, 1,000 widowers and treating them as we did the bachelors, we shall have :- 45-50 110 marriages. 65-70 36 marriages. 50-55 93 marriages. 70-75 ll3tmarriages. 55-6 a 75 marriages. 75-8 60-65 57 marri-ages. It will be noticed at once that the pursuit ora widower of between 50 and 56 will furnish as good results as that of a bachelor 25 years younger. Think of the trained and tried affections of the widower,and do not hesitate. A bacheor over 60 is no good at all, but a. widower presents excellent opportunities ; while above '75 the bachelor is literally nowhere. It gives one an increased respect.for. human nature to think of ten widowers at this advanced age tottering to the altar for every one shrinking experimentalist. When the unmarried' reflect , upon thesethings, and upon the courage of their experi- enced brethren who dare not once but many times to embark upon the matrimonial voyage, we think that a great impetus will be given to the hymeneal market. Ono thinrhas at any rate been established—to wit, that no men can be called a " confirmed bachelor until he attains at least the half-century. Rien then there are strong hopes of ultimate repentance. It is the conduct of those young men in the twenties that gives us-the keeneat pain.—"-Pall Mall Gazette."

fiI_.FRACTICAL GRACE BEFORE MEAT.

k fellow of the Theosophical Society makes a suggestion, in Luci f 6—, based on his own experience, I as to the expedient he found useful as a practical ' method of saying grace before meat :- 44-as my means are limited, I modestly proposed to myself to furnish suffieika food for one Zittle gill; putting aside,att each meal, a few ha'pennies for bread,„ milk, and one-other dish, thus embodying my thanks. At first, I' forgo her freltreotly ; then I taxed myself' an elktra penny for her having gone hungry. But soon got interested iii this unknown, unted atom of humanity, and on days when I received something which specially benefited me at my economical boarding-pla3e, I would give her another- penny. When these' thanks' amount to send to some one whom lam sure will know of a nearly starved little child to apply tawards her food.''

'But why not send t'AeZl and have dote with it ?".a fend asked.

" Beeauserr said, "'though the money would be the same, it would not hold the potency of sympathy which my diurnal thought filred it with; and i`give it to some -imseen one because the personal sympathy is eliminated thereby, and the true-human brotherhood feeling in, me is cultivated."' " Well," my friend' said, " we have lost a little one; her we can feed no more, but cur grief shall daibrpro- vide abundaneP for some unseen hungey one. And our boy, too, I vriil teach him, before he eats, to buy a• meal for some little unknown starving brother.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
A PRIEST EATEN BY WOLVES.

A terrible wolf' story is reported from Balgrade. A pope was driqiing in a aledge in broad daylight from Svilajuay to Svilajuar when a herd of wolves burst out of a wood. The pope fired into the wolves, and one dropped dead, whilst the others ran away. The pope was anxious to secure is booty, andwith his servant went to fetch the wolf. As he dropped it into the sledge the horses, who, were trembling,on account of the wolves, shied and ran away. The pope cried tc, the servant, " You must catch the horses, or else we are both lbst. My ri±e is in the sledge." The young man ran for dear life, but it took him a tong time to catch the frightened animals. When he had driven back with them, to, the spot where he had left thepope he found the top, boots with legs and feet in them, blood-stained tattered clothes, arid the long grey beard of his master.

COMPOUND Essence of Linseed, Aniseed, Senega, Squill', Tutu,. se., 90. 131d.,t0. Of all Chemiets.—Atiet.

TOE I'oPITL.A.R BEVICRAOS tor Breakfast, Luncheon, Tea and Supperin all seasons is CAIDICTRY'S Coco*. —Cornforting, strengthening, nourishing—for old and young, robust and feeble. CADBCRY'S COCOA is absolutely pure.—Advt.

The nomination of candidates for the. Parliamentary representation of Burnley is fixed for to-day, and the polling takes place on 'Monday next. Ptsit ! FISH! FISH I—Cheap baskets afresh fish or oysters sent anywhere, carriage paid, direct from the landing stage, at 2s. Cal. 35, 45, 5a aad upwards. Try them! All orders and remittances to tits> Co-Operative nab Supply Co. Ltd., Pontoon, Grimsby. Thousands of testimonials from all parts of the country.—Atirt. A woman of loose character named Lamier has been found murdered at her house in Paris. Robbery does not seem the motive, for a largo sum has been left un- touched. This makes the fifth undetected murder of women of loose character within the last seven years. MEDICAL.

------- A CARD. REVEREND JOSEPH HOLMES' improved Mexican Prescription, as discovered in the hot table- lands of Old Mexico, is a guaranteed cure to all those wh ruffer from the errors and indiscretions of youth, netvous weakness, physical exhaustion, and early decay. To intro- duce it into England, the Mexican Preseription will be sent free of charge. upon receipt et a self addressed stamped envelope. Only address ; JosEets Hoistrs' Remedy Co:. L BlOOMsbury Mansions, Eloomsbury-square, London, 7.lPutlon this pew.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

Mlt DEAR NELLTE, The cry of sales has gone up exultantly from hundreds of women throughout the land during the past week or two, for if there is one thing more dear to the feminine soul than another, it is the purit of bargains. Twice &Tear, with feverish excttement, women indulge in the exciting chase; but it is especially at this season, when the days are dull and the glamour of gaslight is thrown over the tempting piles of dress length , and ribbons, laces and remnants, that sales exercise their greatest fascinations. Without 'salons one stands but a poor chance in the hurry and rush and scramble of a winter sale. The mild and timid

_ little woman is very soon beaten into the back- ground. Goods are ruthlessly snatched from her hand as soon as she lays an irresolute finger upon them. She is elbowed and pushed and driven from thezost likely parcels of goods. Tossed like a corir in a surging sea, she makes frantic and ineffectual attempts to get near the laces, or find an odd length of brocade; and at length, dis- hevelled and exhausted, she makes her way out with a few wholly useless articles, seized upon faute de mieux, or from sheer, weariness or help- lessness to get what she wants.

Bonnets are growing smaller and beautifully lest, and by the time spring is with us they will have disappeared altogether if they continue to decrease in size as they have hitherto done. A tiny "calotte " of jet or gold embroidery, with a tuft of feathers or flowers, a flounce of lace, or an edging of plume and the bonnet is ready for outdoor wear. Wings, however, bats' wings and birds' wings in jet, or charming green stones like light- toned erneraldii, are the novelty of the day, and for theatre or matinee wear exceptionally brilliant green is a very prevalent and fashionable colour, and green dresses,-I am told, are likely to be a lead- ing feature of the coming spring season. .A few of the detest walking and house-dresses are being made with the double-skirt; a rather thick cloth is the material usually chosen, and the upper skirl, -which reaohes to the knees, is left with the rage unhemmed. Princesso gowns ere fashionalle— I well worn," as the phrase goes—but are not very general on account gf the undeniable fact that.tbey require first-class cutting, and are even then only becoming to perfect figures. A charming travelling dress of extreme simplicity was DE smooth-faced Venetian cloth of lavender grey. The plain but rather wide skirt had all its fulness gathered into the back, and the front was worked in a conventional floral design in thick white- silk twist. This same embroidery was carried up the sides of the skirt and was also used to form entirely the deep corselet of the bodice, which was met below the bust and shoulders with a yoke of white goide flecked with irregular stars of lavender silk embroidery. 4 full puff of grey extended from the shoulder to the elbow of the slee7es, and from thence they were made of white voile fitting closely to the wrist. The toque accompanying this dress was of white cloth flecked with grey. A wide ruche of grey ostrich feather trimming rested upon the hair, sad in front was a cluster of upstanding white wings.

Alloys me to direct your attention to the new monthly magazine for young people The Young Gentiewman a product, as the title implies, of that favourite journal of ours The Gentle:roman. The former magazine is particularly attractive for the younger generation, especially the illustrations, and its features are far ahead of those all ready in the Held that eater for youthful audiences, A group of charming lady writers succeed in mak:ng its literary matter of exceptional excellence. The crinoline is quite the talk of the town. It now turas out that we were never really in dangey of its revival. No smart woman evir .thought of wearing one, any more than of walking down Bond. street in a low-necked dress, which in the year 1841 would not have been at all remarkable. The pale was taken up in sad affright by those Wto gave credence to reports without draly examining the foundation for them. Had the crinoline appeared at a hunt ball, church parade, or a good wedding, instead of in a window in Regent-street, we might have .been justified in feeling a little alarm. As L, is we are positively and delightfully secure against any invasion of steels, canes, and buckram. -

Velvet arLd velveteen keep general favourites for wear, and as the season advances they will be much 111010 in evidence. A really beautiful toilette de villa I saw the other day in velvet, of velours do theme or corduroy. The colour was aubergine, and the material used for yoke, under.sleeves, and broad band on skirt was the same colour, closely braided in black and gold. Yours sincerely,

JiN-NIE

The Crinoline and Dress Reform.

It is almoi-e-eiain-..il;a-i—the crinoline is about to reappear. Having in view various extraordinary devel- opments in feminine fashions which the last few years have seen it would be rash to say that the reappear- ance of this monstrosity in all its former hideousness is impossible. But such a revival would certainly imply the utter failure of the rational dress reformers to influence permanently their sister women's tastes and ideas in dress. _ _

4 1,;;;+7, r ' " e!, VV •er vt, , g-egi„ Se 1

. .... Ik --.,!' .ki....,. -t, ,i 1 I ,c,,,::,...,,=. , , f L .:--,..,..-_7:-,..t0i 1, 11';:- ' t 4 ', .- //Ai l'il \•0 4i.: '/ , 1 ill -o\i/ $f i " '":11 •'4

c.,1,,,,,, \,v,,,5k,t:2,.•‘. ..,„•.,..,,,,5,,,,,,_ k://Pf I irn-wr44 ''7,4lN • CcZ .II '' "-li 111 ll 1 y.' , ./

===== 0002601_18930204_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
Queen Victoria sticks to old Patterns.

Queen Victoria, as may be expected, is not given to alterations as regards her toilet, and makes the old pat-

terns last. Her necklaces, earrings, and bracelets remain as they were in the beginnirg, and the one and only innovation in her jewel chest is that little crown made to replace a much more sensible and becoming diadem which was always worn by her Majesty before her widowhood.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
A Good Example.

The Princess of Wales, especially for all country house pursuits, dresses plainly with extreme strictness, de- pending for the distinguished aspect of her own and her daughters' costumes on the perfection of cut, style,- and Bt. Even bands of velvet or of fur are seldom used to trim the gowns of these Royal ladies. Dainty Table Decoration. One of the prettiest centrepieces at a breakfast was a round Leghorn hat filled with roses. The dish holding water was set in the crown, and a pink satin ribbon was passed around it through the centre of the flowers, and was tied in a bow en one side of the brim. The ribbon was twisted where it passed through the flowers, that it might not separate them. It looked as though a garden hat had been used as a basket while the roses were being gathered, and the effect was most artistic.

Bad For The Children.

_ Queen Christiana of Spain believes that children could be brought up with much greater care if each mother were allowed to punish, not her own, but her neigh- bour's children.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
DARK WOOD.

A TALE OF LONEMOOR BT MRS. HARRIETT LEWIS, Author of "The Sundered Hearts," "The Bailiff's Scheme," "The Double Life," &c.

CHAPTER VIII. AN ADMIRER.

Mrs. Quillet was sitting in an easy chair in a most uneasy attitude when Gwendoline entered. The woman rose at once and made a very low bow, and then looked beyond the girl with a visible impatience. Seventeen years had greatly changed the old housekeeper. She was more prim and reserved than of old, and she seemed like one who broods always over some recent trouble. In truth, she mourned still for lier lost Miss Clare, and of late the problem of Gwendoline's future had begun to distress her. ' The mystery of the girl's existence, the sorrow and bitter shame of that fatal winter seventeen years ago, were pressing very heavily upon her this morn- ing, and she dreaded to see ler charge, and reiter- ated in her own soul that wish of long ago, that the child had died in her early years! It was quite plain that the good dame did not recognise the girl, and a bright smile chased away Gwendoline's tears, as she exclaimed— " Don't you know me, Mi s. Quillet?—dear Nurse Quillet? Don't you know little Gwen ?',k Mrs. Quillet started back in amazemerTt. • Was this "little Gwen "—Clare Markham's name- less child? This girl with her royal splendour of loveliness, her rare and radiant beauty? This "little Gwen f' The girl laughed again at her surprise, and bestowed upon her a warm embrace, the old woman submitting in a sort of stupefied silence. Then a porter announced that the vehicle was waiting, and they were driven rapidly towards the station, throughout the drive the old housekeeper scarcely removing her gaze from ihe girl's counten- ance. It's beauty startled her. She was like the hen who had hatched a swan. What was she to do with this young creature? What life had she to offer her? She began to think that in training the girl as a lady she had committed a terrible mistake.

For the girl was nameless, of strange origin, and unless the squire should adopt her or leave her something in his will, she would have to earn her own living. And how could she battle with the world? Why, she looked like some petted heiress —she looked every inch the nobly born aristocrat— and what was she?

"With her origin, with her history," thought the old housekeeper, "her life should be quiet and obscure. But she is a brilliant young creature, and her mother's fate is likely to be hers also. Why didn't she die r Mrs. Quillet's silence and grim dissatisfied manner I did not trouble Gwendoline. n the pleasure and excitement of her drive, she scarcely noticed them. They arrived at the station in good time. The boat was in waiting when they reached Calais, and they went aboard at once. Mrs. Quillet was ill upon the voyage and retreated to the cabin, while Gwendoline, who was not ill, sat Upon the deck, regarding the crowd of people, the water, and the chalk cliffs of Dover with a strange delight. "I seem to be just beginning life," she thought, with the enthusiasm of seventeen. "The world

.. -- looks all new to me to-day." • No incident mare ed the voyage, and they landed at Dover end took the train for London, where they stopped at a small family hotel. Here the old housekeeper procured a private sitting-room and two bedrooms. "We've brought her up as a lady," the good dame muttered -to herself, "and now we'll have to treat her as a lady. I could no more ask the child to share my bedroom than I could fly. And as to taking her down to the coffee room to eat, with all those mercantile people to stare at her, that is- impossible "' So dinner was eaten in the private sitting-room. Mrs. Quill et hesitated about taking her place at the table, with an uncomfortable dread of taking liberties with this high-bred, aristocratic young lady, but Gwendoline would not sit down until she had done so, and she was forced to yield. " Yon are as wilful as ever," said the old house- keeper, with a faint smile. " You will rule us all at Lonernoor, I foresee." The name "Princess," by which Gwendoline had been known in her earliest years had clung to her ever since. The name fitted her well. Her nature was royally graud and noble—her beauty royally splendid. When the dinner things had been removed, the girl approached the housekeeper with something of yearning in her face. She longed to kiss her—to tell her that she was glad to see her, to express something of the affection that filled her heart to- wards this nurse and guardian of her earliest years, but Mrs. Quillet's countenance was cold and for- bidding, and Gwendoline siyhed, walked on co the window, and then sat down again. It was impossible, even to our warm-hearted, im- pulsive young heroine, to utter words of affection to one so frigid as Mrs Quillet now chose to be. "Are you not satisfied with me, Mrs. Quillet ?" said Gwendoline, after a little silence. "Satisfied !" repeated the old woman' with a start. "Why should I not be satisfied? You are tb lady, Miss Gwendoline. It is not for me to be dissatisfied with you." "I shall be glad to see dear old Lonemoor again, , said Gwendoline thoughtfully. "Is my guardian at home now ?" "Your—what 1" "My guardian—Squire Markham, you know, How odd that I should never in my life have seen him. Is he at Lonemoor ?" "Squire Markham is still abroad," replied the housekeeper, dryly. iillhi‘ "Strange he has been abroad so many years," said Gwen, meditatively. "How I long to see him. I hope he'll come home soon. I mean to devote myself to him. Nurse Quillet. I mean to be a loving daughter to him. Be shall never regret the expense he has lavished upon me." The hou,ekef3per smiled oddly, but a displeased expression showed itself in her eyes. "If you can win the squire's liking, Miss Gwendo. line," she said, " you'll do a fine thing for yourself. But, in my opinion, you won't get the chance. l don't believe the master will ever come home. Hs has lived abroad nearly seventeen years, and 7 think he'll die in some of them heathen coun•

tries." "If he never comes back, Mrs. Quillet, what is to become of me ?" asked the girl, gravely. " Heaven knows, and it alone !" the old womar groanennvoluntarily. " What do you mean ?" "Nothing. If the master comes home, try tc win his liking. If he don't come, why you'll stay on at Lonemoor, Miss GNvendoline, and live in se. elusion, as becomes an unprotected young wo• man." "And so I am to live in seclusion," said Gwenclo• line, sighingly. " I've had such delightful dreamt of new acquaintances, Visits, pleasures—but nevei mind. I shall be contented, Nursey. And my guardian will come home soon ; I am sure of it. We'll look on the in ight side. I shall find some. thing to do at Lonemoor, and I shall not be ' lonely." After a little further conversation, the young girl said good night and retired to her own room. Long after her bright head had pressed the pillow tr sleep, the old housekeeper sat in the little parlour, face to face with the great problem of Gwendoline'e future. She had brought up the girl as a lady. Now whal was she to do with her?

"i cola n,.t do otherwise than eaucate ner," shE thought," even though the master would do nothing for her, and has never even noti6ed her existence, and though he has never allowed one penny for her support and education. I could never have suffered Ai las Clare'a child to grow up in ignorance. I could never have made a servant of her, nor a cont. pauion for myself. There was alwaysthe possibilitn toe, • and it's leas a possibility now than it Win seventeen yeers ago, that the master might pity het and adopt her. Whether John and I were wise ir educating tier as we have done we shall find out, f suppose. Meantime, she is not suited for a gover• ness, even if she could get a situation, with that face of hers. It would never do to put her to the millinery or dressmaking. No, she must go tc Lonemoor. But in what capacity ?" How strange it seemed to her that she had neve' considered these questions before. "The bailiff's family vi ill think it very odd thn,t, I should keep her at Lonemoor as a young lady., she said to herself uneasily. "But they have ne power to send her away, even if they don't like het presence there. People may look askance at hen The rector wrote a nice letter to Madame de Loraine about her three years ago, but he would not bring his daughters to visit her. No one will look kindly upon her. She does not suspect one syllable con' cerning her origin.. How long can she remain ignorant of what people whisper among themselves concerning her vagrant motherl. If I had MUT place to se.iti tier to, id never send her to Lonemom —never! But she must go there, and I must watch over her." With this pious resolve the housekeeper werrt lied, but she could not sleep. She wished now that she had educated the child for a governess, and oot allowed her to return to Lox:moor. Gwendoline arose early and came out into the sitting-room in her grey travelling costume as bright and fair as the morning. She greeted the house- keeper affeetionatelY, and they at down to break* fast together. • Directly after the meal a cab was ordered, and the two proceeded to the railway station. They arrived at Penistone before dusk. As they emergen from the station they met the old butler, who we-a iii waitingwith the carriage.. "I am glad to get home from foreign parts," said Mrs. Quillet, following the young girl into the car- riage and motioning her husband also to enter. "I should think the squire would get tired of foreign languagps and foreign dishes. Is all well at home, John?" she inquired. All's well. Pmineess's—T mean Miss Gwende; line's-rooms are ready, as you ordered the maids, sali 1 Quillet. They drove to T.onernoor in &little over one hoar. Miss Winter was shown up lye- Mrs. Quillet herslf to a handsome suite of rooms overlooking the garden. Into these rooms had been gatherea various adornments and appurtenances caleda.tecl to please their new proprietor. Before leaving home, the housekeeper bad put them in perfect order. There was a room, part parlour, part librally. dressing-room, bedroom, and bathroom. -Bat Gwendoline been the acknowledged heiress 0' Squire Markham she could not have been better lodged. A maid was deputed to wait upon her. There were two dining-rooms at Lonemoor—°lle a state apartment, the other a small, pleasant race"' with an immense window looking out upon thf,' moors It was to the latter that Gwendoline ha been conducted, and it was here her solitary dinner was served to her with considerable ceremony, the butler waiting upon her with due respect. After she had finished her repast Gwendoline made her way to the housekeeper's room. 315. Quillet had just completed her own solitary rner and was reclining upon a couch looking fatigue"' "Why didn't you let me dine with you, Nat- Oiiillet ?" asked the AO "That wao the very frf, time I ever. dined in the regular dining romn Lonemoor. I think I would rather go back to t"" old schoolroom, where Miss- Granger and I shared our meals together." "You are too old for the schoolroom now, Ali° Gwendoline," said the housekeeper, in her colt measured tones. "And it is not fitting that Ye should dine with. me.. There's a difference between

us." She was interrupted by the entrance of the butler with a light. Behind'. him came two men--the bailiff, Orkney,, and his son. The former was greyhaired and elderly, a marl °I integrity and respectability, well worthy of the trust which the squire had reposed in him. The latter was a scapegace youth of some Bill. and-twenty years, who had caused his father great deal of trouble. He was blackhaired en"A blackeyed, burly of figure with a red, heavy, sensual countenance. He had been up to liona,°,3 for the last year or two, engage 1 in "sowing ' oats ;" but his father had recently paid his br, on condition that he should return home and eel into business habits, and Claxton Orkney had 84014 so to do. Father and son had comet° T.onemoor tozether this especial evening to look after certain laboulret and had entered the house to speak to Mrs. Qtll' concerning them. At the sight of Gwendoline, both bowed is consciously, and then looked at the Quillets surprise. "Miss Winter, this is the bailiff, Mr. 0400' said the butler; "and Mr. Claxton Orkney.' Gwendoline acknowledged he introcluctir then, in obedience to a gesture of Mrs. . quitted the room. orbois "Miss Winter 1" repeated the bailiff. "•• • she? A guest of yours, Mrs. Quillet ?" "She's a beauty !" said young Orkney, thick voice, his black eyes gleaming with adw? OM; "a regular stunner. NYho is she, Quillet (To be continued).

===== 0002601_18930204_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW RAILWAY RATES.

REMARKABLE RESULT. Atte° A meeting of the Main Roads and Bridges C°111,1"g1 6t. of the Holland County Council was held on 'rues- the Spalding, Alderman Mills presiding. In consideringog material required for the main roads for the en year, it it transpired that in consequence of the nnivt fon) way rates granite and slag could be procure" eieer Belgium cheaper than it could be obtained from .I'nite rod tershire. The Council required 17,000 tons ef gr-harge" I be carried, and it was stated that the increased C ot the railway companies would be very considera hood The Chairman said it was a disgrace that trade 9 saftle be driven out of the country in this manner a til time money was being taken out of the pockets is°`(loo- shareholders,, who were cutting their heads Off. mittee was appointed to consult with the corcr" the and in the event of their insisting upon Se new new rates, it was understood that the whole 1.00. 17,000 tons of granite would be obtained from nelgl t t!, to

THE ENGAGEMENT ENGAGEMENT OF THE Du-D--

YORK. A DENIAL. autteY The "Westminster Gazette " says :—Wo have -pao rity to state that the reported engagement of the Toe of York and Princess Victoria of Teck is untruP.' ,per 6 report is a myth, and the persistence of the .netoPsource in giving currency to it at the present time 15 illlls. of pain not unmixed with indignation to all the trious personages concerned.

soro° The United States naval authorities have ma.," experiments with a "pneumatic gun " mountea - "dynamite cruiser " Vesuvius. Shells were toti,o Da with tolerable precision a distance of two t,tl t yards, and it is said that the facts dernonstratea trial " will revolutionise naval warfare." 'II". p 00.1,," cans do not tell us, however, how the "VesuvOl' approach either a shore battery or an ironclad 2,000 yards and yet be in a condition to work her 0

ANEW GUN.

06 KAI'S COMPOUND, for Coughs and Cods. Aethni Bronchitis are relieved by it, 43. 143. Sce —Advt. itte The Rev. Mr. Cotton has been released on the el for tion of his sentence of six months' imprisonal,eirico st cruelty to children in the orphanage kept by Carogh. He has lost the sight of one eye. 1151 "Tons.ccorasTs commencing" Illd.guide(3l)ToiltCT:4o6 OUTFITTING CO.-186, Ruston-rd., London. Ist.l33°'

===== 0002601_18930204_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
c?ip o , ,-7 12,0' 0.

OWE EASE Sc COMFORT DURING TES T/11606; Pleasant, Cooling Aperient for Children of all AR Try them and prove their value for yourselVe,• b tree Sold everywhere in packets, Is. 114. and 23. 9d.. or Pc4 14 or 34 stamps. J. PRITCHARD, CHEMIST, CHEADLE, XANCIIESTEII (Into Choclton Bo

===== 0002601_18930204_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_18930204_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
I

ME IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

I

.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OPENING.

Of Second session of the thirteenth Parliament ut the Queen, and of the twenty-fifth Parliament Of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ire- was opened on Tuesday by Ko3 al Commis- sion, in the House of Lords. The attractions of the e-honoured opening ceremony were enhanced by „To new decorations and upholstery of the chamber. she benches had been freshly • covered with red leather, and in place of the heavy oak pendants Which formerly carried the cup lights, there !Mug from the roof ten light brass branches, carry-- lug the electric light. The ladies attended in taore than ordinary numbers. The four baok benches on the Opposition side were given up to them, and were fully occupied, and many were seated on the Ministerial side. Ladies as well -as gentlemen were, as is usual on these occasions, admitted to the strangers' gallery, and the side galleries had many occupants of both sexes. There Were about fovty peers in attendance. Shortly after two o'clock the Lord Chancellor entered from the bar and took his seat on the woolsack, but im- rcediately left the House, passing out by the side of the throne. In a few minutes the noble and learned lord returned, accompanied by Earl Spencer, the Earl of lirnherley, the Marquis of Breadalbane, and Lord Car- rington' all, as Commissioners, wearing their full peers' tobes of scarlet and ermine. The Commissioners being seated on a bench specially placed for them in front of the throne, Colonel Butler, the Yeoman Usher of the slack IRod, -was directed by the, Lord Chancellor to summon the Commons. After a short interval, the ,Speaker, attended by the Serjeant-at-Arms, and fol- tolled by a considerable number of members ,of the Lower House, attended at the bar, and the Lord 'Chan- cellor having stated that her Majesty had directed a Commission under the -Great Seal to be issued for the 9)ening of Parliament, directed the Hon. ,Slingsby zethell, the reading clerk,to read the Commission. ' THE QUEEN'S SPEECH. The Lord Chancellor said :—My Lords and Gentle- Inen,—We are commanded to read to you her Majesty's alvech,in her Majesty's own words. :He then proceeded ‘0 read the speech as follows :

My LO-HDBAND GENTIRMEN,- SAPEOPEAN PEACB.

I continue to 4old friendly and harmonious relations With ail Foreigil Powers. Their declarations in every quarter are favourable to the maintenance of European 'Peace.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
UGANDA.

„In connection with the approaching evacuation of uganda by the British East Africa Company, I have deemed it expedient to authorize a Commissioner of experience and ability to examine on the spot, with adequate provisions for his safety, into the best means of dealing with the country, and to report to my Govern- ment upon the subject.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
EGYPT.

• In view of the recent occurrences in Egypt, I haw° dotermined on making a slight augmentation in the ri.,urnber of British troops there stationed. Thiii measure 11.0 es not indicate any change of policy or• any inodifica- :lonof the assurances which my Government havegiven time to time respecting the occupation of that country. The•Khedive has declared in terms satisfac- tcrY to me his intention to follow henceforward the. established practice of previous consultation with my .°vernment in political affairs, and his desire to act in cordial co-operation with it. In relation both to Egypt and rob Uganda papers in continuation of those heretofore' Presented will at once be laid before you. rt'FINANCE. GENTLEVEW OF THE limn OF COMMONS, the•E'StiMateS of charge necessary for the public sec- ' "iCe in the coming financial year have beemiramed, aad Will be laid before yoti. at an early date.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
AGiIeir.LTURAL DISTR.

9hET LORDS AND GTLEMEN, L'have observed with concern a wide prevalence of Tsiricultriral distress in many parts of dm country. It be hoped that among the causes of the present i,ro"6iort some may be temporary in their nature, but you,,nct doubt that you will take this grave matter into e4lacideration, and make it a subject of- careful in.

mar..amo. / The Proclamations recently in force which ,placed relandinider exceptional provisions of law have ,been revoked, ,and I have the satisfaction of informing, you that the condition of that country with respect to agrarian crime continues to improve. A Bill will be submitted to you on the earliest available occasLon to amend the provision for theovernment of Ireland. It haS,been prepared with the desire to afford content- tient to thezicish people, important relief to Parliament, and additional securities for tbe strength and union of the Empire. -----

miscBl-tatlEons. Bills will be promptly laid before you for the,amend- rlllent,of the system of registration in Great rsitaip,; for ortening the duration of Parliaments, and for estab- bthiorlbe.equifity of the frant'aise by the limitation of ettch etector to single vote. There will also bepro- rosed to you,various Bills bearing on the condition of ibeue,artiong which are measures in relaticct to the lability.of employers, the hours, of labour for railway tervants., and a Lill to amend the law of conspiracy. !cur attention will likewise be ii..vited to measures for further,improvement of Local government, includ- ing the creation of Parish Councils, for the enlargement ef the powers of the London County Council, for the 'Preventioichf the growth of new vested interests in the "ecclesiastieal establishments in Scotland and in Wales, 'end for direct local control over the liquor traffic, to- ter with 'other measures of public utility. I humbly oommendupon your labours upon these and 1113011 all otber subjects to the guidance of Almighty -med.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
1N THE COMMONS.

.Ifl the House of Commons the first business was file ;188 eof new writs for Halifax and Burnley. In the atter case Mr. CeDDINGTOST made a pretest against the graf ting of the Chiltern Hundreds to Mr. J. S. Balfour, ;ant the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHRQTrea explained that 'll3 hs.d not departed from the usual rule. The reports 1/' the election petition judges having. been read, and

A NEW WRIT FOE SOUTH WEASEL 111(37e4,Mr.MAEARTNET moved as an amendment that the 'writ should be suspended till the evidence taken at the l'ecenttrial had been considered by the House. Mr.GLen- STe'NE said the usual course in.a case of this kind was to E.ive two days' m.,tice of motion. The Speaker upheld 'lB Premier's contention, and after some discussion the rlenclinent and the motion were both withdrawn, Col. 4,544 ks intimating that he would move on Friday for ; i.,s'ue Writs for both North Meath and South Meath. Mr. 'I-AnsToNE said he would ask leave to bring in TIEB HOME RUI29 SILL 1 ~....(:11 Monday, February 6. A large number of notices Of "us were given by private members. The , ADDRUS IN REPLY TO THE QTJEEDrS SPERM I moved by Mr. LAMBERT and seconded by Mr. --44csoy. Mr. A. J. BALsoun, after complimenting the 1 o''rernment on their attitude in regard to Uganda and RYpt, referred to the Evicted Tenants Commission, Which he said Was an unfair one ; and to the clemency tZtended to certain Iri.h prisoners, which he suggested • dictated by political considerations. Mr. GLAD- in the course of the debate, said the Government "tended to proceed with the issue of a Royal Commis- :l'oo to inquire into the land question in Wales. The '4lPutation in regard to the released prisoners was tc'tindless, and as to the Evicted Tenants Commission, .i e thought that Mr. Balfour might have waited for its tlolt before making his attack. He (the Premier) was Wad to think that what had been done in reference to h..7Ylit had received general acquiescence from the great of the community at home and abroad. With gard to Ireland, he asked that the forthcoming pro- !lc:Peals of the Government might receive a calm and .111,Partial and benevolent consideration. The House "Aourned at midnight. IN THE LORDS. A In the House of Lords Lord Brassey moved the Ad- in, reply to the Queen's Speech, and Lord Thring ironded. The Marquis of Salisbury complimented the overnment on their conduct of foreign affairs, spoke ! the importance of retaining Uganda, and said with helgard to Egypt that recent occurrences there had made h e prospect of early evacuation more difficult and 4ardous. Dealing with Ireland, he asserted that Mr. etlel, had paralysed the Crimes Act, and that the a evernment were sympathising with crime. The refer- to Ireland in the Queen's speech he took to indi- jte a proposal for government by Lord Lieutenancy. , as 9 he asserted, the American Constitution that was la.nt° mend the provision for the government of Ire- ti, u• ' The Earl of Kimberley touched upon the ques- Ll-" 51 of agricultural depression, and the.,, replying to i17),51 Salisbury's criticism of Mr. Gladstone's Irish f.,.leT, said the Liberals had always been averse to iiercion. He promised the Conservative leader that the 4.2 me Rule Bill would be no milk and water measure. _iter the Duke of Devonshire had spoken the debate was adjourned. WEDNESDAY. 10, the House of Commons on Wednesday the debate CO the Address was resumed by Sir MARK STEWART, and i., said, on the question of disestablishment, that, birrne weal, come woe," the people of Scotland would oppose the policy of the Government. Mr.

&hide

PARKER Smart demanded that the question should be put to the Scottish people by plebiscite, adding that the friends of the Church were prepared to abide by the result. Sir GEORSE TREVELYAN, replying to Sir MARE STEWART, said that the possible dangers to the Church and the livings bad been carefully 'considered by the Government, and he would say to the hon. baronet, " Wait for the bill. On that I am willing to rest our justification:" The debate was adjourned. The House rose at half-past four o'clock, after a number of bills had been introduced and read a first time.

THURSDAY. In the House of Commons on Thursday evening Mr. G. RUSSELL, answering a question, said that steps had been taken, and further steps were under consideration for restricting the consumption of opium in India. Mr. MunnaLLA, interrogated about RAILWAY RATES said he thought it was desirable to see the fail effect of the negotiations which were pending before considering whether any further legislation on the stibject was hccessary. MT. A. O'CONNOR and MT. W. REDMOND questioned the Chief Secretary forlreland as to the pros- pects of a bill for THE TEMPORARY ADJUSTMENT OF JUDICIAL RENTS in Ireland. Mr. Morley was not prepared to bring in such a bill himself, and he could only say that if any ,measure was brought in it should receive considera- tion.

BUILDING SOCIETIES. Mr. ASQUITH informed Mr. J. E. Ellis that he hoped to be able shortly to introduce a bill in relation of build- ing societies. The DEBATE ON THE ADDRESS.T, was resumed by ColonellSAinensuisosiovho raised a great storm by speaking of Father M'Fadden as a murderous ruffian—a term for which he ultimately substituted the words " excited politician." Mr. J. 011AISBERLAIN, who followed, attributed the position which had arisen in Egypt to speeches of the Premier and Mr. J. Morley. The right hon. gentleman, after asking for further in- formation concerning the recent release f prisoners, said he desired to know what was the intention of the Government with respect to Home Rule—whether they proposed to maintain intact the unquestioned snpremacy of the Imperial Parliament, or whether they were pre- pared to make another surrender to tho forces of disloy- alty. Mr. JOHN MORLEY in his reply to Mr. Chamber- lain, said the Home Rule Bill would be introduced the day after the debate on the Address ended. The right hon. gentleman produced amass of figures to justify the suspension of the Crimes Act. He also defended his appointment of the Evicted Tenants Commission and the action of the Commissioners, and justified the libera- tion of the Gweedore prisoners. The debate was ad- journed at midnight.

In the House of Lords the debate on the Address was resumed by Lord LONDONDERRY.--.Earl SEENCER said the Government, to redeem their pledges, were bound to bring in a large measure of Home Rule. It had been charged against the Government that they sympathised with dynamitards, but he could deny the charge; in fact the release of Egan and Callan ,was due to other than political considerations. Agrarian ,•crime, generally speaking, had diminished in Ireland. He expressed sur- prise at Lord Londonderry's reiterated statement ,that Ulster would never consent to be placed under the yoke of a disloyal majority. No one wished to disregard the feelings of Ulster; but surely Ulster did not desire to dictate to the whole of Reim:O.—Lord ASILEOURNR made an attack upon the Government, but admitted that their policy had the merit of frankness.—The LOUD CHANCEL- LOR, who said the Opposition had curiously changed views as to the value of criminal statistics in Ireland, denied that the Evicted Tenants Commission was a poli- tical one, and said that it had peace for its object. •

===== 0002601_18930204_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LABOUR COMMISSION.

Sir T. H. Farrel', ex-permanent secretary of the Board of Trade and Alderman of the London County Council, yesterday week,at the request of the.Labour Commission, appeared before that body to give evidence with refer- ence to the action of the London County Council on labour questions. Sir Thomas recited the resolutions of the Council in relation to the increase of wages, the shortening of hours, and payment for overtime, and relief as far as possible from Sunday duty ,of the park- keepers, gardeners, and other ,employss of the council which had resulted in an increased cost to the rate- payers of £B,OOO, while the increase of wages paid to old ' pensioners and others in charge of open spaces taken ' over from Lord Meath's Metropolitan ,Gardens Asso- ciation had raised the cost of , the eharges of those places from £9OO to £1,40.0 a year. Be criticized the policy ef the Council in taking action in this manner without having full facts Were them, and said that it appeared that it was based won the idea that 245. a meek was the minimum wage that should be paid to adult workers in London„ without reference to the ,quality, nature, or value of their work, or the capacity of the workers; but he pointed aut that. at .Kew the men were paid 18s. a week, and ,any number of good men could begot at that rate, while,Ailae Council paid 245. and 275. a week ; and even the concessions that had been made had not fully satisfied those employed by the Council. If payment were made to the , Govern- ment servants employed in the samemapacity at the same rate it would incaease the cost of management of the central parks from .5..a0,p00 to z 26,000 a year. Thelabour in the parks was but a. fraction of the whole labour employed by the Council, and theiquestion ought . be considered as a whole, and not in reference to one department only. The ambition of the Council was to get transferred to it the water ,and gasandertakings, 8,1E4 to obtain control of the tramways ; but if in ac- ceptiqg the transfer. the Council increased the labour big to the same extent as in the ,ease of .the parks it would,soon outrun any ecomomy that might be effected. In fact, the action of the Council in that matter had led many to doubt the wisdom of .tacquiring those undertakings, and in regard to the water supply bad comiderahly damped his own ardonr, so that, he was almost inclined to think, with Sir .johaLebbock, that the NI .ater should remain in the hands of the:companies. There was a disposition in the Council to. underpay brain woe: and to overpay musacle work. The policy of the Ccemait is imposing conditions ,as to wages upon contractors had led to very large ,increased expense to the ratepayers, and necessitated the tender for Barking- road Bridge being increased by „Es,sra,.which increase the Council, accepted. If that was to be the result of the Council's action it was time that they had done With contracts, but the institution of municipal svorkshops,ramless they were managed with care ' roresig,ht, and economy, would prove a great evil. If they were to be run in the intenests,of the workmen ~employed instead of the interests of the xatepayerc they viwauld add to the cost of the work very many times the expense saved in contractors' profits.. There was; but one fund ott of which labour could be paid, and that fund was not inexhaustible. so so .that any excessive demand upon it by any , one class of workmea must diminish the share which others would get, eitbemby making the produce of their own labour dearer, .and thus lowering real wages, or !?37 11 exhausting the fund and thus lowering money wages as well. Thelact that they could not make amake larger by dividing it, noreould they divide a shilling amongst twelve men so that each man should receive twopence. Be would-be gladto.see labour mem the largest share of the net profit of industry which it could receive with- out cutting its own throat or without killing the goose that laid the goldeaeggs. Under municipal ecriplociment the great evil to be feared was that men would not rise to their best level, as well as that it would lead tozCarge increase of expense.

I.etpialle4

===== 0002601_18930204_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON SUNDAY SCHOOL TEACHERS ASSOCIATION.

QUARTERLY MEETING.

The quarterly meeting of the above-named asso- ciation was held in the Museum-street Schools, on Monday. Tea was provided for the large number of Sunday School teachers who had gathered to- gether from all parts of the town, and afterwards a meeting was held, presided over by Rev. E. C. E. Carleton.—The Chairman said he was very glad to welcome the association there that night, because he felt the great value of an organization of that kind in connection with their Church Sunday Schools. Be was quite sure it could be made the means of doing very excellent work, and it was very good for them when engaged in any common wcrk to meet together from time to time for mutual counsel and en- couragement. There were times when united action had and ought to be taken by the Sunday School teach- ' ers of the town, and that could be best done through an agency of that kind. Of course the most important work that they had to consider with respect to the association was as to how they might learn to do their work as Sunday school teachers better. Certainly there was one way, and that was by making them take more interest in it. He believed it was the wish of I many interested in the organisation that they should have more lessons, and he was glad to be able to tell them that that would be carried out at the next meet- ing. (Applause.)—The Rev. R. C. Hodgins, of Liver- pool,`read a paper on "The work of the Sunday school in relation to the daily life of the young." He was of opinion that the work of the Sunday school teacher ex- tended beyond the Sunday school and the Sunday. He also firmly believed that one reason why Sunday school teaching failed to produce much good effect in the lives of those taught was the absence of dogma in the lessons of many teachers. They had heard of " jelly-fish religion,', and there was also a great deal of " jelly-fish teaching. A vote of thanks to Mr. Fiodgins for his excellent paper, on the motion of Mr. Jolley, concluded the pro- ceedings.

iigl

LUCKNOW WEDNESDAY—The match commenced here yesterday between Lord Hawke's cricket team and an eleven of the province of Oudh was concluded to-day. The Oudb eleven made only 79 runs in their first innings, and 92 in their second. The visitors thus won by an in- nings and 144 runs. No less than nine of the Oudh bats- men failed to score in one innings or the other. COAGTYLINE.—Cement for Broken Articles, 611. and is.; postage. 2d. Sold everywhere, home and abroad.—Advt.

AJ r azaP tu Wu.: I .A.grOltt V 044411 Xi" /4A •10.441 '.4adalloasetti

si.lt

WESTON POINT READING ROOIL

• SPEECH BY MR. BRUNNER M.P. The opening ceremony in connection with the Weston Point Reading Room and Coffee Tavern was performed by Mr. J. T. Brunner M.P.. in the presence of a good assemblage. Mr. Brunner was accompanied by Mrs. Brunner. Proceedings com- menced with a tea, of which about 50 persons par- took, the tables being presided over by Mrs. R. Clark. Mrs. F. W. Clarke, Miss Kate Rosenberg, Mrs. Rees, Mrs. Hamersley, and Mrs. Frith. Afterwards the Vicar. the Rev. J. H.Wilcockson, took the chair. The Chairman gave a short history of the reading room movement. There had been a reading room in the house on the Pierhaad, now occupied by Mr. Jones, but it had died a natural death shortly after he came to Weston Point. Matters were allowed to drift for some time, hut when the place began to get filled with men working on the Ship Canal, many of them young men, it began to be perfectly clear to his mind that some- thing must be done for the social w.ll-being of these young men. They had only two alternatives before them ; they must either go to the public-house, which was not good for them, or they might go into the lanes, which was not good for them either. A meeting of the inhabitants was held to consider the question, and a committee was appointed, with the result that they had obtained a coffee tavern and reading room. The Weaver Trustees had kindly allowed them a site just outside the school railings.at the nominal rental of 2s 6d. ,per annum. Then the hon. Rev. Grunston, of the Ship Canal, came to their assistance as to the building. He ' promised to pay half the cost of the removal of the mission room from Ellesmere Port, to Weston Point on condition that the Navvies' Mission was allowed to hold a service in it on Sunday evenings. Altogether the Committee had spent £2B for the unassuming building, and it was not theirs. But the Ship Canal Company had pledged their word to allow it to remain there for ' of least 18 months, and they had offered to sell it for £34 10s. That sum was out of their reach. Up to the present, they had a guarantee fund which had been subscribed by gentlemen in Weston Point, to the amount of £lB, and one subscription of a guinea. Anyone over 16 years of age could join the reading room,and the coffee tavern was open to the public generally. It ap- peared to him that the establishment ought to be self supporting, and it ought to be managed by those for whose benefit it existed. They had now between fifty and sixty members. They intended to have a village library in connection with the reading-room; and he had already got a nucleus in s couple of volumes presented by a good friend. It was a pleasure to find himself on the same platform with Mr. Brunner, and he hoped it would not be the last time. (Applause.) It was well known that they did not hold exactly the same opinion upon every conceivable point, but it was a very great thing when they could find one plank in a platform upon which they could stand with a man to whom they were opposed in matters by no means unessential and hold out a han3 and call him "brother?' It was much better that they should endeavour net to find points where they differed, but points where they agreed and could work together. (Applause.) Mr. Brunner, who was well .received, said upon the subject they had in their minds that night, Mr. Wilcockson and he were very •thoroughly agreed. What did the possession of a reading,room in a place like Weston Point mean ? In hiscpinion it meant an opnor- tunity for everybody of pleasant, cheerful, and intellec- tual society for every evening of the • year. He wished that thepoorest amongst them should have just as free and good opportunity for intellectual, pleasant, and cheerful society as the richest amongst them. (Ap- plause.) Therefore it was that he came there that night with very great pleasure. He was glad to hear that the reading-room was to be the home of a library; and he advised them to send a subscription to Runcorn Free Library, and get Mr. Jones, the librarian, te send them down books and constantly change them. (Hear, hear.) The subscribers to the reading-room ought to have, and he beliered according to the rules, had the free and unfettered control of the management of it. That was a manly rule, but they must remember that with freedom came responsibility, and every member of the club ought to feel himself • bound to make it go, and to see that it was well managed. If the club put a piece of work into a member's hands let him set himself like a man to do that work as if it were his own, and not only for • others. (Hear, hear.) If next time he came to WestemPoint, he heard that the Club was being managed in that -spirit, he should rem- ember that evening, and he would congratulate himself that there was in Weston 'Point that spirit of manliness which not only rejoiced in fee dom but bore cheerfully and manfully the responsibilities of freedom. (Ap- plause.) He had made op his mindthat for every pound subscribed to the club he would subscribe another. (Ap- plause.) Now let them see whether they could not get the debt cleared off and the place, bought. (Applause.) He would also send an instalment towards the Library. (Applause.) There was one ,particular aspect of educa- tion which had been very greatly neglected amongst them ; he meant the inculeating.of a knowledge of how to keep ourselves in good hwathv and he proposed, sub- ject to the approval of the Committee, to send, to begin with, a number of books upon this subject, which was described by scientific men as 1 physiology. For the ladies he would send more than one book, but one particular book on the management of infancy. There was nothing more necessary ' for grown up people to know than how a baby ought to be managed in order to keep its health. And he would MI them why. Because the number of babies who died under twelve months was something absolutely appalling. The Bishop of Peterborough on Friday last at Liverpool, said educa- tion ought to be directed towards the development of character. But no matter how highly developed the character of any mother might be, let her be as full of that charity so beautifully described in the Bible, as she eould be, nevertheless if she did not' know how to treat her baby, if she ignorantly fed•it,• the baby would die, and the mother's life would be broken. They ought to teach each other how to keep their 'children alive and in health, and they ought to teach the girls in the whole Country, because girls had the management of babies at a very early age, and they ought to teach each other , how tornaintain their own lives .in comfort. Therefore, always-endeavouring as lac did to begin at the beginning, he would send a number of bodks on physiology, and if the Consraittee said they wanted sortie more books, they had got nothing to do but Mk for them. (Ap- plause.) Mr. Brunner thenleft the room, accompanied by the lentire audience, and opened the door of the Coffee I Tavern and Reading Room. In tire latter room, Mr. Brunwer delivered a brief address. Ile was glad bulked, he said, toqsay a first visit to Weston Point Reading Room. He hoped it was the beginniug,of an institution which would last for their day, and though not perhaps in the shape in which it presented itself to their eyes navw, for their children .and those who came after -them. There was not as a rule mueli prospect of permanence with an institution of this kind in the hands.of a Voluntary Committee. In his time he had seen mgreat many such institutions started anti he had neverknown one last for very many years, and he therefore -recommended them to put it upon a per- manent foundation. There were two ways in which this oauld be done. They could adopt the Free Libraries Act (hear hear) .and put themselves under the kind -rotecting wing .cf his friend Mr. -Tones, who sat on his ght. Or if they felt strong enough to do it, they could ,a,dopt the Act for themselves, and that particular Act which was paused at the instance of Sir 50hn Lubbock a short time ago specially to fit the law relating to libraries oi.',auch cases as theirs at Weston Point. He recom-

===== 0002601_18930204_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
111 E EXAMINER, SA TITTID AY, FEBRUAR Y\ 4, 1893

mended theta toaclopt the Act with all bis heart u and be, urged that their institution woild thereby hecofne per, manent, and they would • never regret the step aa_long as they lived. (4pplause.) H,thsr) formally declared the building open, and wished it !,uccesl. On the motion or Mr. Rosenberg, seconded by Mr. F. W. Clarke, a cordial vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Brunner. An adjournment was then made to the Church schoolroom where a musical programme was gone through by Mrs. Bankes, Miss Branch, Miss Sim - kin, Miss Waizburn Messrs. W. Grounds, A. Grounds, I. Smith, Branch,\and R. Morris.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
FATAL ACCIDENT ON THE RAILWAY

AT ORFORD. A FOREMAN CUT TO PIECES.

THE VIEWING OF MUTILATED BODIES:

A shocking accident occurred on the Cheshire Lines Railway, opposite Orford Hall, on Saturday morning, when Edward Appleton, a foreman plate- layer, was knocked down about 7.30 by a light engine. Deceased had evidently been walking between the rails of the four foot, for when his body was found he was lying full length within the rails, terribly mutilated. The head was crushed to a pulp and beyond recognition. His left arm and shoulder had beeji torn off, and both his legs were broken. The right arm and leg had both been cut off, and were lying two feet from the metals. The upper portion of the body was terribly @rushed. The body must have been carried about 20 yards by the engine, as portions of the deceased's brains were found about that distance from where the body was, One foot could not be found, and it is presumed that it must have been carried away by the engine. 'the police were soon on the spot, and the portions of the body collected together and carried away on the ambulance. Deceased was about 33 years of age, was married, and resided in Hale-street, Warrington. Mr. F. A. Jones. deputy coroner, held an inquest at the Horse and Jockey Inn' Winwick-road, on Monday evening,on the body of the deceased. Atr.Simpson,super- intendent of the Cheshire Lines Cnmmittee, was present After the jury had been sworn the foreman said the jury wanted to know whether it was absolutely necessary to view the body, which had been "crewed down" since Saturday. The Coronet said it was absolutely necessary. to do so, because otherwise he could not give a certifieate. A Juror : It is very wrong' think that considering the "dilapidated" atste of the body is in it is not fit to be

seen. The Coroner : I ant bound to administer the law as it is. I should have been glad to have acceded to your re- guest if it had been in my power, but I am afraid that you will have to satisfy the law. rhe jury then went to view the body, and while they were doing so the Coroner proceeded to examine the wit- nesses. Lucy Appleton said the deceased was her husband ,and he had been living at 19, Hale-st., off Longford-st. He was a foreman platelayer for the Cheshire Lines Com- mittee. On Saturday morning he left home to go to his work a few minutes after seven o'clock, when he was in his usual health. His hearing and sight were good. Be was brought home dead about eight o'clock. Witness also informed the coroner that the people who brought the coffin screwed the lid on. Robert Jaggard, an engine driver on the Midland Railway, said that on Saturday morning he was the driver of a train from Derby, and he approached Orford about 7.30. Be observed something lying on the up line near Orford Hall, and as quickly as possible he stopped his train, and then went back to see what the" something" was. He found that it was a plate- layer who was dead. Part of his head was cut off, and one hand lay in the down road. He gave information to some platelayers, and the signalman at Winwick-road went to the scene of the accident. At this stage the jury returned to the room and then the Coroner said he had inquired into the matter. It I appeared that the coffin lid was screwed down by the leoffm-maker, who had no right to act in such a manner I before the inquest. He ought to have known that it was necessary for the jury to viva the body. It must I have been a most unpleasant thing to view the body, and it was a pity the matter did not lie in the Coroner's discretion. The Foreman .(interposing) : The ijury thought yem would have had power to use your discretion, thetbody having been screwed up. The Coroner If you think that a coroner is a proper person to be invested with discretion there are some members of the press present and no doubt they will take notice of it. James Turner, an engine driver on the Cheshire Lines Railway, and residing at Stockport, said he was the driver of a down goods train from London on Saturday morning, and arrived near Orford Hall about 7.20. Be noticed dneased with his hammer on his shoulder going towards Padgate. At the same time he saw the head light of an engine •coming towards him. Deceased stood in the four foot with his back towards the approaching engine. Witness shouted "Mind this en- gime," and deceased must have heard him' for he turned round just as the engine was 30 or -4:0 yards away from him. Witness looked back shortly afterwards, but could see nothing, as it was rather dark, and the steam from the engine obscured the view. Deceased had ample time to gat out of the way. Arthur 'Luther, engine driver on the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway, gave evidence, and MrSimpson produced the rules of thecomPany,by which platelayers are required to step off the railway altogether when they see a train approaching. A verdict of" Accidental death" was returned, and a rider was added to the effect that the viewing of bodies should be left in the discretion of the Coroner. A vote of sympathy with the widow of deceased was unani- mously passed by the jury.

R11.17.'s Tic Puss, specific in Neuralgia. Face-ache, 9td. and 13d..; postage Id. Of all Chemists.—Ath t.

CADBURY'S COCOA iS absolutely pure.—The Public Ana lysts have submitted CADBURY'S COCGA to close tests, awl the result has always proved its great value as a sustain- ing and nourishing beverage. -.Advt.

The German Emperor has accepted an invitation to be present, early in April, at the marriage of the Duke of York and Princess Victoria Mary of Teak.

Tiosoatr Imam+.Treat AND COUGH.—Soreness and dryness tickling and irritation, inAncing cough and affecting the voice. For these symptoms use Epps a Glycerine Jujubes. In contact with the glands at the moment they are excited by the act of sucking, the Glyocrine in these agreeable con- fections becomes actively healing. Sold only In boxes. 70., tins is. Lid., labelled "James hops & Co., Homoeopathic Chemists, London." Dr. Moore. in his work on "Nose and . Throat Diseases," says; "The Glycerine Jujubes prepared by James Epps and,Co., are of undoabted service as a curative ,31. palliative Agent," .while Dr. Gordon Helnles, Senior Physician to the Municipal Throat and Ear Infirmary, writes " Afteran extended trial. I have tonne. your Gly- cerine Jujubes ei vonsiderable benefit in almost all forms of throat disease."—Adrt.

Buranalleir.--Intending emigran s to New York. Boston Philadelphia, an Francisco, Cansio,‘, China, Japan, Aus- fralia, or New Zealand, should take ti ,kets (lowest rates) at the •• Bxaminssr"' Office, by Gsiors. AfflerlON,ll. Australian. Cliental. and cther lines.--John Walker, agent,'lfsxaminer" Office, Bewsev-at.. Warrington.—Advt.

• CHOLERA PRECIUTIONS, LIVERPOOL, RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

The Government inquiry into the arrangements of the port sanitary authorities of Liverpool and Runcorn was resumed on Monday at the Liverpool Town Hall by Mr. Jenner-Fust and Dr. Barry, two inspectors under the Local Government Board. The various riparian authorities on the Mersey were , again represented. Mr. Jenner-Fust explained what was done on the last occasion. Since then the Health Committee had passed a reselution that, assuming they remained the port sani- tary authority, an assistant medical officer and one or more port sanitary inspectors should be appointed upon the condition specified in the Medical Officer's Report, and that suitable offices should be erected at the Pier- head. The Wallasey Local Board had also passed a resolution recommending that the port sanitary autho- rity be constituted by the formation of a joint board, on which the Wallasey board should have two or more re- presentatives; further that in the event of the Liverpool City Council being constituted the port sanitary autho- rity under an improved system of ship visitation, the Wallasey board claimed to appoint two of their body on it. Such a recommendation from so important an authority was entitled to every consideration. The adjournment had enabled the inspectors to report that there was practically a unanimous feeling against the ports of Liverpool and Runcorn being joined together and having one board, as it would require new machin- ery. They recommended that the Liverpool City Council, through its Health Committee, should remain the port sanitary authority for the customs port of Liverpool. The assurance had been given that the com- mittee were not aware of the inefficiency of their pre- sent arrangements, and were prepared to put them in an efficient condition. The Local Government Board agreed in the views laid before them, and had printed a draft order which would assist the various authorities in their deliberations that day. So far as the port of Runcorn was concerned, the Local Government Board agreed that it was impossible to leave the present in- dividual sanitary authorities to act each for themselves, and that it would be better to form a port sanitary authority for Runcßrn, and to allow an arrangement to be made between Runcorn and Liverpool in dealing with cholera cases. This would get over the difficulty of having no mooring station in the Runcorn port for dealing with cholera-infected ships. As the Ship Canal developed, these circumstances would change, and no doutt whatever order was made would have to be considered later on. The draft order of the Local Government Board was read and dealt with. It constituted the City Council the port sanitary authority for the Customs port of Liverpool, and recited the limits of jurisdiction, the assignment of powers under various Acts of Parliament, the payment of expenses and accounts. It was stated that the inspectors proposed that the various riparian autho- rities should contribute towards the expenses of the port sanitary authority in the following proportions : Liverpool, 7260; Birkenhead, 1120; Bootle, 630 ; Bromborough, 0.25 ; Garson, 180; Lower Bebington, 050; Toxteth Park, 3.30 ; and Wallasey. 4.os.—Captain Heron said that if Wallasey was not represented on the Board it would not contribute, as rating must depend upon representation. The case of Runcorn was next taken. Mr. Lightburn said he was glad the Commissioners were prepared to allow Runcorn to continue the arrange- ment with Liverpool as to cholera cases. They would like, if it had been possible, that Liverpool should deal with all cases. • Mr. Oppenheim, town clerk of Widnes, said his borough did not wish to be included in any other author- ity, and he produced a resolution of the Town Council against being included in the Runcorn Port Sanitary Authority, because no foreign vessels came to Widnes. Mr. Jenner-Fust said their opinion was that there should be either no port sanitary authority for Runcorn or that there should be one which would embrace the whole of the Customs port. Mr. Lightburn said that vessels might come to Widnes from home infected ports. Mr. Oppenheim said that in that case his authority was prepared to deal with them. The inspectors expressed a hope that as Widnes only objected, that authority would come to some arrange- ment. They would adjourn the inquiry to a convenient day at Runcorn. Dr. Bligh asked what provision would be made as regarded coasting vessels from infected ports. Dr. Barry said it would be the duty of the port sani- tary authority to inspect them from time to time, and if any infectious disease arose they would take the same action as with vessels from infected ports. So far as Liverpool was concerned they hoped that more than one inspector would be appointed, in addition to an assis- tant medical officer. The inquiry was then adjourned to Runcorn, at two p.m., on February 16. •••

===== 0002601_18930204_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
WA.RRINGTON AMATEUR PHOTO- GRAPHIC SOCIETY.

i 10 44146.

The sixth annual general meeting of this society was held in the committee-room of the Museum on Tuesday evening. Mr. Thomas Welsby presided, and there was a fair attendance. Five new mem- bers, the Rev. E. T. Reed, Mr. Gilbert Harding, Mr. Harry Milling, Mr. Hill, and Mr. Green having been elected ,the report of the last annual meeting was adopted. The secretary, Mr. Pritchard, presented his report for the past year, which stated that the condition of the society was satisfactory in all respects. 21. new members had been admitted during the year ; two had resigned. The total number of members now was 78. Mention was made of the various papers that had been read at monthly meetings, the exhibition, and the" rambles' during the summer months. The report was adopted, and Mr. Pritchard heartily thanked for his services. Mr. P. Dalton bon. treasurer, read his financial state- ment,which showed a balance in favour of the society of ss. 10d. The Chairman, Mr. J. Hallows, and others, spoke in warm terms of the attention and time Mr. Dalton had given in the interests of the association, and a vote of thanks was accorded him by acclamation.-15 members were elected by ballot to form the Council, the secretary, Mr. Kirby, and Mr. Dalton being nomi- nated tellers, and the following gentlemen were elected : —Messrs. C. Aylward, P. Dalton, T. J. Down, S. Fair- hurst, J. Hallows, .5. Harding, (Eustace-street), J. Hard- ing, (Liverpool-roadl, John Hesketh, H. N. Houghton, G. Kirby, W. Pierpoint, A. Paul, T. Weisby, J. Skelton, and H. Pritchard. A vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the business. The Council met immediately after for the appointment of officers. Mr. W. J. Down re-elected president, and Mr. H. N. Efoughton and Mr. W. Pierpoint vice-presidents. Mr. H. 'Pritchard, at the hearty solicitation of the Council, again, accepted the secretaryship ; and Mr. P. Dalton was elected treasurer. Mr. Skelton retains his post as librarian 1 Mr. .J. Fair- hurst was re-appointed auditor. The question of a cus- todian of the society's property—which amounts, allow- ing for depreciation, to nearly £so—was mooted. Mr. Dalton has hitherto had charge of this, but the rapid growth of the society causing the applications for lanterns, cameras, &c.., to increase, entails upon him so serious a loss of tiine, besides interruption to his business, that he is compelled to refuse the trust any longer. The touncil decided to meet at an early date to consider an amendment of the rules bearing upon the question, with a view to report to a special meeting of the

society.

...----•--- ....r:- .::::-.1../..,......1. ~,,,,t-,7.-.7...:7•1•-• :::.0..e•,' ,e.....,......----=-••7P____/,,,N.....,... - • cri -.--,-:----:--------, , ~' - _-- ....... ~ . • .4.,.; .o;:itt„,-.-,A. lidiK % 4zi,\.•&4, Z, / ////1/ \ .V /______ -- : dre , ,d• , -,.:, • —eq.:s- 'lb 11,18' ihAteiliggiehall.Fllolll7l/1 '/,• , - '''''."..------------,-& ,•••,. i ,4. or ~...„,..„ if • ~.E.,..ivibi.,,,„4111::,,110, , ..,,,i:,,,, ....,....._..........,_,,<;,, „e„.. ---_—.... .../.:•-•J'AgtVg./, ". -1•7,,, - •••,...t..f.:*'4"-.`, .; . . ......,,/.4%.^- `24-3.ti.1.•:".1t't.':•/'..!•••;e4' ‘ t —, ' ) \ ~ //1.4%,(4:::,, .: :;.•.:4-4‘ .;?!`:.113,:ei, 1 • . ' t it., 45/%;:i': ''," \ \''ttaVZll:.Y \ •', • ,Zi / /7. 4,;.. , 4.-., # :::•,-.0,.'"/ • r'' • ' ______ • s'• - '''.------------ 'Vtett• .: .t t+,... 4alt..— ' / Nilo, / , --,...N.,.,Ne. 11,.,,,...1.__ ,7,•:,:_...-. ::.- . \\,.. • • r 4 AN. , t„.4.4 , , 4' Vieel'+ -.. •7 , •• -,,,...:7z•-• 0 ~..,-.... . \---1 --,-- .-v!=-,. .. ..,.... • ,••• i., et .%, •-..-N., N '''..l P ///4% ::, N.:\ r- ''' -- ---.4 ....,"„•-,1-,,-",-:fg -y, '.....„*Z."•i1f."' : . ~.0,,, ..,7 •;''pATT ..., . , ....„,,,,,, i ‘ )1 ,P 41e,', Apr _____ _ -,..iillilfilil Mk'. . , ...m....... •=l,, . , ...- ...,„ ..3.:1:::::..1 114 ~ \I I 0). " ' .:.::;%-itti2l:ll/ / / ///i/ic4si, , •' i 1:,,,,-17' '-'i .' .7.775---:-7.-- '-'fai '' . f ' :::;;;;;;.r: • A ... •:,.,:gf "' ' • ffi:S.:.-Yr...,X1- ."" 7. -... ' - , , s'. • ' . :::::•"; - .......,...... fe• .;•/ i/ / ),....i, i f 7 —..,.......,...„, ..-- ~ -litil,Litil': 132. ) ',""•""`""'•-• .417E4/j) ....r.,-....-21.,....„...:4.... ..:4.7.l:4,ll;;;;;ljmitttifittlltrnow//70::-.7---- , . ...;-__:im.,„ . lk •-...-..,-- =:-.. V OA it?') ......----•--; ..---- ••• .--,,...... '•,_,.' ,••••••.-1-,.....- - 1 - ,- / - f ale ik ...., I ~r,,tr,, auk a - I ..,,,,t) , 43 ~ 4,-//,- 1 1 ,;,. , A 41•,t t‘ r. I 4 r lii . '' 5* ' ' I ~) ..x.:P. 0r...10S ~ a 40,-.4 .41kple 3 ii, ,i.ti. iv: r:: ,ill3ap ~111,1,.,4111t4 im I,a‘ A , --- •,,,, r li ....I'.) , ' I J*4‘b4"l' ~., ~,, ~, r .1-!A ~1,1,:q.,,,t, 1.0,.1.1T esta .11.1.05., 1-. 1,;,::.1 ~,,, ~.,i••,. ~.•.t, x 141,' .3' It def . I.aii ..f./A, t ;!•4.P• .1...7.<3t,. .. , swat% 0.13 toi :',OO*.C. A 4 .701 , ~, .1; •i' 11 4-,41 t .11. R.l '+.l '..i.” ,at ', I-. 1 +II ~- , llit l'",,- ~ 4 .1, n •,' -N .4 '"""' i .44,01,„! 'c'efl ~t!ii• i 1,1-.^lllN 5''41.14 14' ',.t.''' ' •,' ~« X ely,g, r,Y 'Cr 1./ ~e ..!,:,le, :,,,.t.rA ,5,..1-144 Vio. 1.0 •U 11 to fi ' „4.4/,•••4 "4••• t .I•'''''• ' I .30. At -.tttifi.o •' : a.e.-.lt. * ‘144)1.14.: ,4 - " .0-,:i: ,; ,S,r4-1.1. --.l4eildLit**;.‘ 4,‘...'...:J 1 11,1 Z-a , .964-044.., 44 .;,.0),.....".4 tuismatito4m444o? 104402" '-'4 . ,

45/ey,

===== 0002601_18930204_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
"ODE TO A PRA.TO PIE."

Bobby Burns hez immortalized Haggis, At least so aw Scotchmen ware;s -- An' ther's nowt the whole world o' cookin', That wi' it con even compare. To this singular far-fotch'd opinion, They're heartily welcoms, say I; But it only proves this, thay'n ne'er tasted A Lancashire grand Prato Pie. Why, a Haggis yo'd tak' for a footbaw, That's stuff'd up wi' onions an' meyl ; An' to make um appear full an' solid, Look cromm'd wi' a fist er brush steyl. But when" Sandy "gets into this country, O'er Haggis he heyves mony a sigh ; An' he never agen feels contentet, Onless he con get emit° Pie. The German loves Seaurkreaut an' Sossige, An' thinks ther's nowt else fit to eyt ; But it only shows heaw tastes 'all differ,— To uz it looks very quare meyt. Ez soon ez he migrates o'er here, His grub poos his face aw awry; An' wen he gets worn, his wole cry is : " Mein Gott ! I vill have Prato Pie !" A Frenchman con feed on owd horses, An' relishes fricasseed frogs ; An' even, if hardly put to it, Con make a good dinner on dogs! But wen he cums here to a banquet, An 'gies ev'ry dish a fair try; He guz welly off it, exclaimin, "acre bleu! donnez moi Prato Pie!" The Welshman rejices in mutton, An' likes it tucht up wi' a leek; But a mon that sits down feelin' hungry, Will eyt a sheep to his own cheek ! Yet ther taste is moor that ov a Christian; But still it 'ull pall by-an'-bye, If thay'n luck to sit deawn neaw an' then to A Lancashire grand Prato Pie I When a Nor'-Easter wind's keenly blowin', An' its bite yo con hardly abide; An' wen o'er yore vvark yo mun face it, Wi' hardly owt i' yore inside •, Then, Men is the time yo feel thankful ; An' turnin' yore e'en up to th' sky, Yo breaust eawt a leaud Alleloolyo, For a Lancashire hot Prato Pie! By gyow, lads! aw th' world o' cookin' There's nowt con cum up to this dish ; An' if yo shud ever invite me, Be sure that yo gie me my wish ! It's woth Grace before it an' after, Ez lung ez a pidgin con fly; ' An' aw'll live an' aw'll dee quite contentet, If yole feed me on good Prato Pie! TUM 0' PEGS.

Rose Bonk, Feb. 4th, 1893.

THE MOULDERS' STRIKE AT ST. HELENS. On Saturday night, a delegates' meeting of moulders was held at the George Hotel, St. Helens, at which the moulders of Warrington, Liverpool, , Birkenhead, Widnes, Wrexham, Chester, and Dublin I were represented. It was unanimously decided that the Executive Committee be instructed to put a levy of 6d. per week on all working members for one week, which mean a sum of abcut .£3OO. In- dependent of this, the districts named, in addition to other districts, are subscribing 6d., and in some cases is. per week, and these subscriptions are being distributed among the men in addition to the usual strike pay of 15s. per week taken from the funds of the society. The St. Helens moulders' chief standpoint in resisting the reduction is the amount of work that has been done during the last twelve months. The trade has been in a far better condition at St. Helens than in any neighbouring town, and, with the exception of Messrs. Daglish's works, where at the end of the year trade was rather slack, no foundry has been stopped a day during the twelve months for want of work. It is stated that at present about fifteen or twenty non- society moulders are working in St. Helens. Six moulders who were working last week, it is said, left Messrs. Varley's on Saturday, and five more were employed on Monday morning.

At the Fleece Hotel, St. Helens, on Tuesday night, the ironfounders of St. Helens, met a deputation Prom the Moulders' Society, to try to come to terms regarding the moulders' strike. After considerable discussion, the meeting lasting three hours, the masters agreed to give the men the old rate of wages for three months, at the end of which, should trade warrant a reduction, the de- putation promised to take it into favourable considera- tion. The men agreed to start at tne foundaries where non-society men have not been employed on Thursday morning, and at the other foundaries when the non- society men have finished work.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HOMESTEAD STRUGGLE.

MR. CARNEGIE MAKES A STATEMENT.

Mr. Carnegie, of Homestead, had repeatediy been requested to make a statement regarding the recent labour troubles at that place, but always refused until Monday, when, in an interview, he said :—" I came to Pittsburg not to rake up, but to try and bury the past. That is beyond recall, and should be banished as a hor- rid dream, only the lessons it teaches being laid to heart for the future. For 26 years our concerns have run with only one labour stoppage, and I trust axcl believe that this record will be fully equalled in the twenty-five yrars to come. When employer and employed are antagonistic, each considering the other his enemy, it is a contest between twin brothers. There is no genuine victory possible for either, but the defeat of both is the only result." Regarding his own share in the great works bearing his name, Mr. Carnegie said: " I retired from active busi- ness four years ago. It is a great error on the part of our countrymen to endure the cares of business until they break down in harness, at a time when they should be in their prime. I believe in retiring from work betimes and giving younger men a chance. I sold portions of my interests, and am gradually selling more to such young men in the service as partners who are found to be possessed of exceptional ability. lam not an officer of the company, but only a shareholder, with- out power to give instructions to anybody." Mr. Carnegie added that he had the utmost confidence in the young partners.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
SAD SUICIDE AT RUNCORN.

PATHETIC LETTER.

------- - A shocking suicide occurred at Runcorn, on Mon- day. On arriving at his home, 46, Bridge-st. about six o'clock on Monday evening, Charles driffiths found his two young children crying in the yard, and exclaiming" Oh, my mamma! " He then saw his wife suspended by a rope from a nail in the 'wall of a passage leading into the yard. He im- mediately fetched P.C. Juett, who is a neighbour, and that officer at once cut down the woman. She was, however, quite dead. She had apparently stood on a chair and then kicked it from under her. The deceased was only 26 years of age, and was the mother of two children, aged respectively six dna three years.—Mr.Worsley, coroner, held the in- quest on Wednesday. The husband said the de- ceased had complained terribly of her head lately, and she had talked very funnily to him. She had never threatened to take away her life. He found the following letter on the mantlepiece in the kitchen.—" Dear Charley,—Tell father to put me in a grave. You have been a good husband to me: I can- not live any longer, take it as light as you can: I know it will be hard to bear. I should be a burden to you ; be good to Charley, and you, my darling husband, keep all my things. I am sorry for you. I know you have nothing but mother has me in a club; she will help you. I will meet you all in that land above. Good-bye to all. Good-bye, good- bye my loving husband. It will upset father and mother. Tell them to bear it as well as they can, lam out of my mind." Witness said he had been employed at Mathieson's Works, Widnos, for three years, and he had always given his wife plenty of money. He could not account for his wife taking her life in the slightest. He never thought it necessary to call in a doctor, be- cause she never gave up.—Mrs. Annie Juett, wife of a police constable, said the deceased had complained to her about her head being bad. She was with the deceased shortly after five o'clock, and she appeared to be in her usual condition then.—The Coroner said it was the sad- dest case he had heard in his long experience as coroner. He thought the woman had committed the rash deed through trouble in her head, and there could be no doubt that she was of unsound miad at the time.— Mr. W. H. Rogerson, foreman, said Griffiths was one of his Sunday school scholars, and he was sure he was ex- pressing the feelings of the jury when he said they deeply sympathised with him. The verdict recorded was that the deceased committed suicide whilst tempor-

insane.

At Bolton, on Thursday, two local barbers, named Charles Thompson and Henry. Battersbv, were sum- moned under an old Act of Charles 11. for shming on the Lord's Day. The Act, which is 300 years old,en icts that no worldly labour, works of necessity and charity excepted, should be performed on the Lorils Day. The Act has never been repealed. One of the defendants had been fined before. Both were again fined. KAY'S Courouxn, a demulcent anodyne expectoront for Coughs.and Colds, 94., 130. Of all Chenaists.—Advt.

X ..... . ........ _..„ STOP ONE MOMENT! " OH ! DEAR, DOCTOR, MUST MY DARLING DIE ?" 'THERE IS VERY LITTLE HOPE, BUT TRY TUDOR WILLIAMS'

PATENT BALSAM OF HONEY, THERE IS NO MORE TRYING SEASON FOR THE HUMAN CONSTITUTION THAN THE PRESENT WEATHER. Beware of the sunshine in the day and the cold winds at nigh'. Should you catch a cold. nip it in the bud by taking the Certain Remedy,

TUDOR WILLIAMS' BALS.kII OF HONEY.

Thousands of Children have been Saved from an Untimely Death by the prompt use of Tudor Williams' Balsam of Honey. No Mother should neglect to keep this Infallible Remedy in the house ready for any emergency. Remember that it is wiser to check a slight Cough at the commencement than to allow it to develop into a lingering complaint. Ask distinctly for Tudor Williams' Balsams of Honey,and see that you get the right article. Thousands of Children Cured Irons Whooping Cough and Bronchitis when all other Remedies fail. Persons suffering from Difficulty of Breathing should give it a trial. NOW COMMENDED BY PHYSICIANS AND -

===== 0002601_18930204_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
arily

SURGEONS.

When you are distressed with a miserable cold, nose bunged up. throat sore, limbs aching with a general feeling of smothering, a few doses of the Balsam of Honey will clear the wretched symptoms away, almost before you know it. There is nothing like it en the market ;it is thoroughly up to date; it trickles in; o all the system. A true friend, prompt and reliable in its action. just another word. When yortaalr or send for Tudor Williams' ratent Balsam of Honey, do not allow anybody to persuade you to purchase somethingelse. If you do you simply throw off th° genuine article and take on with a false one. Wonderful cures Daily. Thousands of Testimonials to hand from all parts of the World.

SPONTANEOUS TESTIMONY. WORTHY OF YOUR CONSIDERATION. Sir.—My wife desires me to say that your Tudor WilName, Balsam of Honey has proved a most valuable medicine iu Our large family (eight children). As soon as a cough or cold makes its appearance a dose of Tudor's Balsam is atones administered, and this treatment is followed up until the cold disappears. Before using the Balsam in our family the child- ren have been prostrate with colds for several weeks, but now, by taking doses as directed, they seem to setter very little Inconvenience. During the short time the cold is upon them the action of the Balsam is marvellous, and the little ones take it readily and ask for more.--WALTER J. BRET'', Headmaster, Severn Tunnel School, March 16th, 1892. PHYSICIANS HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT

THERE IS NO REMEDY UNDER THE CANOPY OF HEAVEN% equal to Tudor Williams' Patent Balsam ot Honey for a Win- ter Cough. If your children or friends are losing their grip on life and scarcely able to breathe, they should try Tudor Williams' Patent Balsam of Honey. For weak-chested men, delicate women and children. It cures when all other remedies fail. It cures Cough, Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma. Tightness Of the Chest. It cures thousands of children of Bronchitis, and Whooping Cough. is cures for one shilling when pounds have been spent in vain. Do TRY IT. YOU WILL NETER REGRET IT I

===== 0002601_18930204_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
READ WHAT PUBLIC MEN THINK OF IT.

"My Children's Cough and Bronchitis have been com- pletely cured oa several occasions by the celebrated Tudor Williams' Balsam of Honey. The tight-breathing and pain in the chest and hoarseness they suffered was drea Hui, but on taking the Balsam of Honey they had immediate ease. It acts like a charm on them. I am certain the snore the Balsam is known the more it will be appreciated. " I am, Sir. "Yours truly, "Alderman Tnomas PHILIP WHITE.' " Maesycwmmer." Via Cardif.

Sold by all Chemists and Stores all over the World in Is. lid. 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. bottles.

See you get ths right article.

Sample Bottle sent post paid for Is. 3d., 35., and 53., from the Inventor.

D. TUDOR WILLIAMS, R.D.S.L.

MEDICAL MALL, ABERDARE, WALES.

111 Rs. S. A. ALLEN'S

NVORLD'S

HA IR lI_TSTORER

The natural colour re- stored and preserved.

IT IS NOT A DYE,

An absolutely perfect

Hair Restorer and Dressing.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION TO SERGEANT-

INSTRUCTOR BIRCH.

On Tuesday evening, a presentation was made by the staff-sergeants and sergeants of the Ist Volunteer Battalion Prince of Wales Volunteers (South Lancashire Regiment), to Sergeant-Instruc- tor Birch. After supper, in the recreation room, Colour-Sergeant Potter presiding, and the whole staff being present, the company adjourned to the sergeants mess room, Colour-Sergeant Potter presiding there also. The usual loyal toasts having been drunk, the Chairman read a letter to him from Lieutenant Appleton apologizing for his inability to be present. In the course of this letter the Lieutenant said :—" I always feel that to get a sight of Sergeant Birch's face is like a tonic or a week at the seaside, and there will now be a double dose of the tonic at Halton, which will for the future be known as an exhilarating health resort, where weary Volunteers will make excursions in search of new life and spirits."—The Chairman said they had assembled that evening to make a small presentation to their late Sergeant-Instructor (who had left the corps and was living at Halton), as a token of the esteem in which be was held by them. They had never had the pleasure of meeting one in that room of whom they thought more. highly. (Applause,) They were, of course, very sorry that he had left them, but they trusted he would be, spared for many years, arid that they w?uld occasion-- . ally have the p,asiire of meeting him in th 4 DOI Ball% in which he and the sergeants had spent many pieZvat evenings. (Applause.) An excellent portrait of Mr. Birch, elegantly framed, and enlarged from a recent photograph by Mr. Birtles, of Sankey-street, was then unveiled amidst applause.— The late Quartermaster Heaton then made the presenta- tion. He referred to Mr. Birch's connection with the corps, and to his many good sterling qualities, and said he had not been more than a week with them when he had secured the respect of all with whom he was brought into contact.—Sergeant-Major Fennelly and Sergeant-Instructor Sullivan (Newton Corps) also spoke. —A recitation descriptive of the battle of Majuba Hill was given by Sergeant McCoy, after which Mr. Birch, who was received with hearty cheering, responded. He said although he was doing very well where he was, better even than in Warrington, it was with consider- able regret that his connection with the Warrington Volunteers had been severed, and the picture would serve to remind him of the pleasant hours he had spent amongst them. He felt unable to adequately return thanks for the too flattering remarks which had been made concerning him, but this he would say, that their kindness would never be effaced from his memory. (Applause.)

SHE USES THE EIGHT SOU'. —Hudson's Soap sarei her clothes. Anything washed with Hudson's Soap is thoronzhlv washed, therefore remains much longer clean.—A. pure .DrV Soap in fine powder.— Adit. [l]

Mr. John Boot, a gentleman well known in mining circles, and who was the oldest inhabitant of Ilucknall Hothwaite, which was his native place, has died there at the age of ninety-one ye irs. lie leAves six children, twenty-eight grandchildren, and fifty-six great-grand- children.

CALORO LINSEED Cough Lozenges, post free, 7d. Of all Chemists. -Advt.

A water bailiff, named Mallin, at Dungiven, county Derry, has been committed to trial for shooting at an alleged poacher named Murphy when a few yards from him. The bullet entered Murphy's cheek, and lodged close to the car. It was afterwards extracted. The magistrates refused bail.

QUITE TRUE! Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago. Piles, Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaints. Diseases of Kidneys, Bladder, Urinary Omens, Stone, West, Stric- ture, Sciatica, Rheumatism, and Gout, will find a positive cure in lloldroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box, and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Prise Is lfrkl. Of all chemists, or post free for 12 stamps from H OLD- BOYD'S Medical Ball, Cleckheston, Yorks. Don't be put oft. If you cannot get them write to the, Proprietlr, and a box will be sent next post.—Aart.

I

•

===== 0002601_18930204_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebe " Opuritner " &tries.

Ow LANCASIIIHE AND CH/O.SIIIRE Courrg l'ilnwsr.kPmes Comprises THE Warrington and Hid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturdsv morning. MILE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St.Helens Examinir, published every Friday 1. afternoon. rr HE Runcorn Examiner, published every Saturday morning ; and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday morning.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. coming under the following heads are inserted in ALL the above-mentioned Papers for ONE CHARGE, as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTINERSIIIPS WANTED, APARTMENTSWANTED, MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, MOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Vrottsstottal.

T ALE and FEMALE NURSES INSTITUTION, 70, Hope-st., Liverpool. Estab. 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical, and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or telegraph. " Nurses." Liverpool. telephone, 51C.

53partment5, jurnisbeb 1/ousts, Scr.

PRIVATIE4 APAIt INTENTS TO LET.with Or withrmt board. Terms moderate.-106, Lilac Villas, 135wsey-rd., War- rington.

WWANTED. ROOM. one day weekly. Widnes, Runcorn, or Farlestown. State terms to A. 8., Examiner Office, Warrington.

SOUTHPORT . Comt, rtable APART?dENTS. Three minutes' walk from Promenade. Good cooking. Piano, —Mrs. HOLDING, 10, Sea Bonk-road.

L LANDUDNO. WEST END BOARDING ESTABLISH- MENT.—This e.tablishnumt, just recently enlarged, is charmingly situated, with splendid view of both Bays, Great Orme, Isle of Anglesey, close to Beach. Pavilion, Pier, Happy Valley, and Marine Drive. Good management with cleanliness, cr,mbined with liberal table, fine Dining, Draw- ing,Ladies', and smokerooms. Presenttermstrom 6. day. no extras.—TEromAS Ja PHCOTT. proprietor.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
EllointOttr SperbantO, srt.

a General SBRVANT. about 16 ; no children. TV —Apr,ly 5, Bank-place. Preston.

WANTED, steady, iminstrions GIRL, age about 15. to live in.-308, Tong-lane, Middleton.,

GENERAL BBRITANT wanted ; strong and willing.—Mrs. DARLING. 3, Br!-3t., Keighley.

WANTBD. good General SERVANT.—AppIy Mrs. BRA- Jura.. 5, Marine-terrace, New Brighton.

WANTPD, a General SHIIVANT. at once.—Apply Mrs. BARON, Wortley-terrace Standisligate, Wigan.

WANTFD, a strong GIRL. as General. Good references 93. Talbot. street. Moss Side. Manchester,

EISERAL S STIVANT Wanted.—Addresamith particulars Mrs. HEATHCOTV , Havthome Villa, Eccles, Manches- .

SBRVA N .-0 ood n eral and Ho', sem al ds wanted.— Apply LOWE aiad LAITHWAITE, 61, Bridge-at., Warring- ton.

GOOD GENBRAL WANTBD for family of three.— Apply at once to Mrs. MIDDLEECURST. Sandfield, Roby.

yvANTED, a strong GIRL, as genera', about 16, good cha.acter,—Apply Mn, AGAR, 1, 'Warren Terrace, Wakefield.

WANTED. a good GENERAL SERVANT, able to do washing and ironing.—Mrs. ROBINSON, The Uplands, DoThorne.

wANTED, SITUATION as Plain Cook, in small private family; ; aged 24; country girl.—Apply 41, Monk-st., Evert-n. Liverpool.

IVANTED. a trustworthy GIRL under 18, as General rererenees required.—Mrs. STEPHENSON, 190, Warring- ton-road, Abram, Wigan.

fl BERRAL.— Wanted. a thornughly respectable General l3r SERVANT, to nnde rtake the washtng.—Address, Mrs. Bkvaw, Denton, Manchester.

4 GOOD GENERAL SERVANT WANTED f,r small family.—Apniv Mrs. JOHN WALKER, 5, Grappenball- road. Latchford, Warrington.

TRUST WORTHY GENERAL. must be thorouzhly resperq- able. comfortable home. no children.-63, Fair!awn-st.. Moss Side, near Alancheater.

WANTED, an experienced PA RLOTJRIi4AID ; good refer- ences reqnired.—A pply Mrs. P. W. nOBINSON. Wood. eigh, Edgerton. Hudoerefield.

ARDENER and GROOM.—Wanted. a single man to lY • live on the premises, who can milk well.—Apply Mr. BATtr.Beechwood, near Knutsford.

elOOK.—Thoronghly good Plain COOK Wanted. for Feb. 20th.—State a,ge and wages required, Mrs. 9FacmaLL. Meadcw Prow, Alderley Edge, Cheshire. AORNBRAL, strong, e'ean, PLAIN COOK. age from 13 early riser. good refsrenees indispensabin.—Mao- DONNELL. Sudworth-rd., New Brighton, Cheshire.

WANTED. respectable GENERAL. about 2'. no cooking or washinc„ another servant kept; references required.— Apply Mrs. PRIDE. 8. Elliot-sf.. Liverpool.

PLAIN COOK or GENERAL WANTED, Aye in family, housemaid kept. comfortable home; Protestant pre- ferred.—Address, stating age and wages recrnired —Mrs. limag. Kirby Park, West Kirby.

GENERAL SERVANT WANTED (for Tradesman's family) at once. Washing goes out. Good wages State sge, waees and reference to Mrs. MOISLET, The Grove, Ilkley, Yorkshire.

WANTED. it March, THOROUGH GRNERAL. Protes- tant ; under 30; must understand cooking and !lowa- work, wages 216 ; charwoman. good reterenees.-9, Arundel Aver ne. near St. Basle's, Liverpool.

WANTED AT ONCE, two good cooks, small dairy. £2O; disengaged servants of every canacity, excellent refer- ence are given. sitnations in good family required (stamp).- 9. HALSTEAD, Larnbpit-st., Wrexham.

WANTED, situation as Groom-Coachman ; ride and drive well, single or Tait., 12 months' good•personal charac- ter, one and five years previous ; age 28 : singie.—W. 11, Holmvrood-road.Freezy Water, Waltham-cross.

WANTED. 3rd week in February, a STRONG GIRL as Housemaid or good General, for llousemald's work ; also willing GIRL for kitchcn work ; sisters or friends would suit ;Igood ch3racter indispensable.—Apply BETA, 4, New- bold Terrace, Leamington Spa.

NVANTFID. SITUATION as head groom, or groom and coachman. yan experienced man with gcod charac- ter, 7 yearn in present sane, ion and 5 years prert us; will be at liberty in March. Can be seen by appointment, a photo sent.—Address Gat., EJ am iner Office, Warrington.

WANTED, in Gentleman's Country House in Yorkshire, General SERVANT, age about 20. Must be thoroughly domesticated and fond of children. and able to wash. Splen- did home for t uitable girl.—Apply by letter at once, with references, and state wages require& Mrs. SMITH, Westfield House, Wrose Hill, Shipley, Yorkshire.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
iFtentp.

215 to £l,OOO ; Interest £6 16s. per £lOO. Prospectus free. South Lancashire Company, 27,Brazennose-st, Manchester.

£75000 At from 4 per cent., Trust and other Moneys; to be advanced on Mortgage In sums to suit borrowem in any part of the country.—J. W .11EADER. 5, Cook-street. Liverpool.

MONRY LENT from £5 to £2OO, to Farmers, Trades- people, respectable Householders, and responsils e Persons in general, wittfomt bonds ; strictest privacy main- tained in all eases ; established 18 years ; call or write.—W. SUODFN, 33, High-st., Sheffield.

NO PEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANCED. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from RIO upwards on BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE

WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of 2.70,000 now being lent annually. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy-st., Manchester. ESTABLISHED 1870.

WIDNES. WARRINGTON.

ME. JOHN B. GOODWIN continues to Maie—ADVANCES 'PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and nil resuemablv useholders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY. TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without Dutdie enquiry osi your simple written promise to pay haelt.—Apply t v 4.;.• TO IA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINOWN at my Residence, 1311, Ortord-lane, any Everting from 6t 7. Applications from RUNCORN au.; District gem-m.lll receive precisely the same attention.

_ . TRIPE! TRIPE! CHIP POTATOES. G.) to To'.l PLATT'S. 24, BRIDGE STREET, BAUM- TOWN, for notsd Tripe ; fresh daily. lifs Chip potatoes Cooked In pure lard, by patent machinery, area speciality, and can be re:ied upon.

T. PLATT id also prepared to bupply in any quantity and English tallow.

Obutation.

QIINNY BANK LADIES' COLLEGE, WiLmnow, CHESHIRE.—High Class School. Principal Mrs.LOBBN- HOFFER nee Somerville). Particulars on application.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
f 0 °trig.

Utaanteb.

A GENTS WANTED. to push first-class Machinery Oils. 11 Liberal Commission.—Boa 31., Post Office, Liverpool.

1 As. TO £2 PER WEEK easily earned in spare time by V either sex, full particulars and samples, six stamps.— ENTERPRISE 139, Ruston-read. Morecambe.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
eantrarts.

IN USE 100 YEAR HE POOR MAN'S FRIEND

SKIN DISEASES. THIS INVALUABLE OINTMENT (as originally pre- SKIN DISEASES. taar end. nbly, i lit ;,,,Lr.e.lleodßylloTrs;vMo u.,D,ci s) SKIN DISEASES. of every description. Scorbutic, Eruptions, Burns, Inflamed byes, ke. SKIN DISEASES. ---

SKIN DISEASES. DR. ROBERTS' ATBBNATIVE PILLS. SKIN DISEASES. Far the BLOOD and SKIN. are very effectual in the cure of t SKIN DISEASES, that torn of skin disease which shows itself In painful cracks in the skin and seselly diseases. 4,„ZICIN DISEASES. Sold at is. lid, Is. 9d., by the Pro- -1.--7 priestors,l3rldport,and by Chemists,

(-1 ENUINB second hand VIOLIN, Payments taken I.._T Bow and lock up wood case, 1 OS 6 D splendid condition, only

SEED POTATOES.—On sale, 120 loads Myatts Kidneys, —Apply to RICHARD HELSBY, Woodhouses, Frodsham.

O SALE.—SWEDE TURNIPS, also CORN DRILL, as kJ good as new.—Mr. WILLIAMS, Folly Fa.m, Warring- ton.

EARTHENWARII.—Seconds, in orates, £2; best useful Goods, £3; write for lists,—EARLE WORKS POTTERY, Longton, Staffordshire.

BUXTON LIMB for Building or Agricultural Purposes.— Apply CLARE and RIDGWAY, agents for same, Central Station, Warrington.

EWELLENY, Watches, Watch Materials, Cutlery. Electro Plate.—Wholesale list, post free.—WRIGIIT, St. Luke's. rd., Birmingham.

MILLINERY and DRAPERY &MINE 99.—D00d stand, low rent, good opening for dressmaking.—Apply 29, Blackburn-road, Bolton.

KNOW YOURSELF I—Send Is. 64. arul a specimen of your writing and I will tell you your character.—E. JUDD, Wareham. Dorset.

ON SALE, MANURE WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. HOSKIN°, 16, Fenwiok-Street, Liverpool.

1- ARCH PARCEL beautiful AUSTRALIAN ORCHIDS _La posted on receipt 25. 6d, Post Office Order.--DINDSAY, South Grafton, New South Wales.

NEW MARGERY HAIR WAVERS, ls. A Decided Bue- cess. HAIR COMBINGS made up 25. per OZ.—BROWN, LADIES' CORNER, 3, Leece-et., Liverpool.

ON SALE.—Glass and timberwork of 4 Cucumber Houses, together or separately, at 50s. per house. or offers.— Apply to J. HUNT, Appleton Lodge, Widnes.

MESSRS. C U PS TY AN D. S 0 NS, SURGEON DENTISTS, EXTRACT TEETH WITHOUT PAIN. 78—ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL-78 WITH NITROUS OXIDS GAS. A SET OF ARTIFICIAL IEETIL WITH ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS, FROM 3s. PER TOOTH. Mr. Cumpsty's advertisement to extract teeth without pain is strictly correct. Samuel Nash. Secretary Young Men's Clsristigu Associsti9n,-10t13 August. 1&69.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1893.

ipalts bp prtbatt Erraty.

oaltiS bp pribatt ertatp.

UOll SALE, 6 Horse Semi-portable ENGINE, can have wheels put on same; sold cheap .—SEABRIGHT, Butts, Walsall,

A 8-HORSE PORTABLE ENGINE for sale or bire.anci all XI. kinds of machinery for ssie.—JotiX BONNELL, Longford- street, Warrington.

TEETH! TEETH! TEETH! MACDONALD'S PSBR DENTORIUM. WHOLESALE ARTIFICIAL TEETH MANUFACTORY (Registered.) By H.M.R. Letters Patent. (Trade Mark.) The Best and Cheapest House in the Profession. Single Teeth. 25.; Sets. 20s. Pit and Quality Guaranteed. Patients fitted while they wait. A lady in attendance. The Trade Supplied. All best materials and work= %ship. Teeth extracted free from 6 to 8 p.m. Teeth extracted without pain. Free consultations. Telegraphic Address " Dentist," Manchester. LL PWAU.! (Cppadte infirm:wiry Clo4j,

Zirprlto, 3aootiirtUss, zzr.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
fiattsitai instruments.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
POHLMANN & SONS' PERFECT PIAN OS. To be had everywhere. Factory—Halifax.

PADEKEWSKI says.: "Play only on an Erard wherever obteanable. -

ERARD.

psDERE'

Makers to the Queen, 18, Great Marlboreugh-st..Regest-st.

DADEREWSKI says.: "Play only on an Erar7l wherever obtainable.

ERARD.

The remainder of the Eng- lish Models at Great Reductions.

Parnesg, t?orete, Carte, 800, Bcr

Dorm bought. sold, or exchanged, large variety always in stock. —CHANTER, WO, Tib-gt.. Manchester.

1, lIN SALE, a useful bay Celb ; 15 hands, rising 6 yeara, 1 7 sound and good action .—Apply 139, Mersey-s,, War- rington.

7DONY and HARNESS, Phaeton, Cushions, Lamps, Rug, IL all complete ; ehaffoutter.—Mrs. LIMON, 83, Bradshaw - gate, Leigh, Lancashire.

CENTRAL CARRIAGE WORKS, ORFORI3-STRRRT, WARRINGTON. JOHN KILDUFF, COACH BUILDER, &a.

ALL kind of PRIVATE or BUSINESS CONVEYANCES made to order. Repairs neatly and promptly executed at reasonable charges.

IJILATaS

===== 0002601_18930204_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
eggs, poultrp, &it.

_ pEAT-MOSS UTTER, specially prepared for poultry, ls. 6d. per bag.—DRABBLE and Co.. Swan-st., Manchester,

I IgTooltelCaYonzCeOffngEßslitrUgolintdbPreUa!iLsETlrfsor RSVT, Theddlethorpe Hall, Louth, Lincolnshire.

I YMM.—To let, Good COTTAGES.—AppIy THOMAS LA COVTDMA, li*tate Agent, 33, Knuteforcl road, Warring- ._ _ _

IDENKETII.—" GREYSTONE HOUSE," commodious real- deuce, stabling. &c., orchard and garden ; rent £so. Mr. ROBERT Lows , Estate Agent, Warrington.

rlllO LET, House, Eagle Mount, Stockton Heath, Rent £lB. 1 Three bedrooms, parlour, sitting-room, kitchen,and other con venirnces.—Apply W. BOSTOCK, builder, Wildersimpol.

p ICHARD TOPT (latn Cotper), 14, Hansaa.l, MA Ric ET-ST., and 6, SANKEY-STREET, WA.RII.IIiOTON WHOLBSALB TOBACCONIST and CIGAR IMPORTER, Neersolimun, Wood, oat Clay Pipes, Walking Etickidkc•

t IT is not at all unlikely t--ha then The New ci °- Parliament. Parliament which °llene f the Tuesday may become 00° elpar- greatest, if not the greatest, of the reforming liaments of the century. It is true, that in quarters a brief and stormy life is predicted for ae Some of the prophets of evil will scarcely one: that it may live until the summer; and tha'Apid should exist till the spring of next year isreger"ti by these prescient people as quite heY°l2il range of probability. Wa are told that majority of the Government is too small Md too composite in its character to hold ',,ogetb,e:', whilst dealing with a programme w contt°l- ' measures so controversial as those r ,dfarred t° 101 the QUEEN'S Speech. Of most of iose Who been so eager to foretell the early Parliament it may safely be sa'Ad that their w';;,,,„ to. father to the thought. T'ey have no eles"- witness a long continu•An„ of a oovernni.eif, which has already, in '.fae field of admiflistratl,oo. j.t given tangible evie,ence of its zeal for ref°%,ro There are some r will in the end 80ns for thinkirw find themselves grievously that l for.t./e', pointed. In 'the first place, a majority of and indeed, something less than forty, is clul sufficient to carry on the work of Parliataell and to give the needful sanction to the maaaare which the Government may frame, and submit f„e; approval. In the second place,there is undoubteoar'. a strong and pressing demand in the CO untrY f 0,, the passing of manyof the reforms which are allinlea to in the Queen's Speech, and those who teigilt wish to give them a merely factious oppositi°° will be restrained by the knowledge Oat theY might at any time be brought face to face with 031 indignant electorate. It can easily be foresee° that the Tory and Liberal Unionist Opposition will often be in the humiliating plight of persoes who are wishful to wound and yet afraid to strike. Mr. BALFOUR and his followers will, there can be little doubt, often enough find themselves in OW heartiest antagonism to the progressive proposal° of the Ministry now in power, and yet at the soma time not dare precipitate a general 4%00

===== 0002601_18930204_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
gPalts bp Zurtion.

By MR. ROBERT LOTVE.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Jil

I

;1 \r

I

===== 0002601_18930204_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18930204_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
and thus appear before the country as undid- guised reactionaries. Considerations such as these should moderate the confidence of those impetuous persons who, speaking from the fulness ef their desires, prognosticate an early termination Of the labours of the new Parliament. It is by nn means nnlikely that the majority which is behind the Government will display a vitality, a unity, and a determination that will discomfit its enemies and meet the most sanguine wishes of its friends. _ _

_ The Queesiii speech which was read by the LORD CRANCELLOR on Tuesday and which, of course, ex- Presses the sentiments of the Ministry in power, Was hrief and lucid, which cannot always be said / these documents. The state of affairs in Egypt was referred to, and it is satisfactory to note that the young and not over discreet Khedive has declared in satisfactory terms that he Will follow henceforward the established Practice of previous consultation with the Ilritizh Government in political affairs. There ia no change of English policy with regard to the period of the occupation of Egypt, but as long as the British Lion is in the Land of the Pharoalis he is determined to be treated with a Proper amount of respect. Of domestic measures, the Home Rule Bill, as was to be expected, comes in for first mention. "It has been prepared," we al'e told, "with the desire to afford contentment to the Irish people, important relief to Parliament, and additional securities for the strength and union of the Empire." Although the Government had undertaken to bring in this Bill on the earli- est available occasion—and indeed Mr. dLADSTONE has intimated that he will move the first reading 1:)n Monday next—yet Mr. BALFOUR, to say oothing of the smaller fry of the Tory party, dis- Played on Tuesday night an indecent haste to criticise a measure of which he does not know the Provisions. Be thereby laid himself open to the attack of Mr. GLADSTONE who sarcastically pointed out that the leader of the opposition had weakened' hic position by showing animus against a measure before he knew what it was. There are many Other reforms enumerated in the QUEEN'S Speech 4Cotne of which when enacted cannot fail to have 151-reaching and beneficial influences. Amongst these are the amendment of the system of regis- tration, the shortening of the duration of Parlia- clent, and the equalising of the franchise by giv- lug to one man one vote. Then there are various hills ,bearing on the condition of labour, the crea- tinn of Parish Councils, the preventioß of the 4towth of new vested interests in the eoelesiasti: cal establishments in Scotland and Wales, and ccliSMlcesi contre,l cyer the Ilan- trffic. With 401115gttnIf" 01111P10 land beneficial as this, the (A-chArnollt ffray reAbonably hope to have the sup- nil. the country.

The THE shareholders and well-wishers Ship of the Ship Canal will derive much Canal. encouragement from the remarks illado by Sir JOHN HARWOOD in the Manchester City Council, on Wednesday. The work of con- Btrnction—it would now be almost proper to say work of completion—is proceeding rapidly IVsatisfactorily, and, says Sir JOHN HARWOOD, en the report of the last six months' working is ire„t4, it will inspire confidence in the minds of ,17hody who has to do with the Ship Canal. -Lae time when ships will be coming to Man- • enter laden with the products of all nations, is n" thought to be well in view. This state-. inent will be, all the more gratifying when it is remembered that Sir Joasr HARWOOD speaks with the voice of knowledge, for as a representa- tive of the Manchester Corporation, he is, I'o to speak, "behind the scenes " ; and in aildition to that, he is a man who weighs his words before giving utterance to them, and he 'lmuld not lightly venture aprediction of this sort Unless he were pretty confident of its fulfilment. There are many indications, too, that men who are connected with the carrying trade of this country regard the early opening of the Ship Canal as a tlettled fact, and they are laying their plans licoordingly. Mr.C. H. Wnsox M.P.,who is largely I interested in the shipping business of Hull, is, Illdiging from a speech he. has recently made, greatly concerned as to the effect that the opening .0f the canal will have upon the prosperity of his • port. Hull, it appears, has been largely r• oefitted by the high charges made at Liverpool, when the Canal is opened the advantages .44therto enjoyed by the thriving East Coast town ...lizilhdisappear, and it is anticipated that much •Zacie will leave Hull for the port of Manchester, ' "`• anine,Aisher port on the great waterway.

SETON-KARR, the member Smart Va.. for St. Helens, has the reputation of being a " smart " man ; hereafter h° can he regarded as nothing less than " drefful 4'art" ,On'Taesday he achieved the distinction If being the very first rola to take his seat in a Akliament which will most likely be memorable

,1111 the annals of this country. It is a unique nmour which Can be 'neither disputed nor eon- t%teci by any other man. In explaining how Mr. &Tex-Kens. accomplished the feat, it may be l'rulY said that he "rose to the occasion." He ,eft his comfortable domicile early in the morning, 49 early in fact that Ile T 94010 the rarliamentary allies stiVi-- 'imsTinlintster by five o''clocit, and there) tits orthodox and understood fashion, setured 1 right to a particular seat by placing. If% hat 1 , '''reoli. It is clear that the ntene"ber for ,'• Helens believes in taking 'gine by the 'erelock, or perhaps he ha'a been cogitating 4 InUsty proverb and had tome to the conclusion that it was the early masher who gets the first j seat • After this sudden flush of fame Mr. Swrow- keat may contentedly sink into obscurity for the ' es't of the session, which he will, doubtless , most / rc)rniatly and effectually do. It has, r,e, notice i ' eell tbe other int- insinuated by one of those ge•Atimen who 'Write London Letters for provinci4.l eaitors, that, ' tlotwithstanding Home Rule oxdit , tloliant measures which wir titt, le • ` , 4, &gilt with by the gislature, this Parliarr.,ed yeey 'be spoken of in liiture ag,s p....; tho " F.41431k-Tiattlt, Parliament." In that me Mr. 'earolt-itAttr. 'Will have won a ts°4lP7vo whica can only hosequalled by that of the t;uritan leather merchttitt, known to history as ILLISE-GOD BARB-BONER, who gave his name to i °lle of Cnomwti.L's legialative contrivances. ;

Public Bodies 'TkiLondOtt County Council is a thei and , • democratic body, probably the r Eml)l°3"' diAinctly democratic local Inathority that exists, in'England. ~It is, therefore,, rather remarkable tlial Sir T. H. 'FAItRER should Iljave bop electet an 'alderman Of that Council. from'tbe evidence he gave before the 44abouiConahltisron, he appelirs to be entirely dis-, atisfied with the policy of the Council, at all °ve.nts so laf•aa it haS regard to the remuneration clinsee which it 161063i:1'12004'-ediattlitions. ;VbeVe'its,litti

===== 0002601_18930204_art0053.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18930204_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
disposition in the Council to under-pay brain work , and over-pay muscle work. This, it must be ad- mitted, is a complete reversal of the usual order of things. As a rule, there are to be found few more striking contrasts than exist between the large salaries paid to those officials who are sup- posed to do the "brain work "of public bodies and the scanty remuneration of those who do the hard manual drudgery. When we come to look into this not very serious indictment of Sir T. H. FARRER it does not seem to rest upon anything much more substantial than the fact that the London County Council has fixed its minimum wage at twenty-four shillings a week. This, after all, is not an outrageously exorbitant sum for a workman and his family to live upon in the great Metropolis, but then, says Sir T. 11. FARRER, there are men who would undertake to do the sanle work for eighteen shillings a week. So there are; just as when Sir T. 11, FARRER was per- manent secretary of tho Board of Trade there were scores of very capable men who would have been willing to accept that office at a salary less by a few hundreds of pounds a year than was at that time being paid to him. The Board of Trade did wisely in not dealing with its permanent secre- tary, as the ex-permanent secretary now wishes the London Council to deal with its inferior grades of employes. It is not becoming of public bodies to employ the arts and methods of the sweater in dealing with their servants, and they have none of the exeuses for so doing which a private employer may sometimes advance. Sir T.H. Flamm may think he is more enlightened and far-seeing than his colleagues, yet in reality he is in regard to this particular question only a belated economic purist.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

WESTON BIBLE AND MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT CLASS. At the usual weekly meeting of the above, held on Monday night last, a paper was read by Mr. John Spruce on "The parable of the Prodigal Son. Mr. Jas. Ford occupied the chair. JOSEPH PRITCHARD. Watchmaker and Jeweller, 51, High- et., and 4, Bridge-st., fluncorn.—Advt. TEMPERANCE SUNDAE AT WIDNES. In the Liveipool Diocese, Sunday last was set apart for the advocacy of temperance in the churches by the desire of the Bishop, Dr. Ryle. Special sermons were preached in the Widnes churches. JOSEPH PRITCHARD has the best stock of ladies' silver atid gold watches in the town.—Advt.

WESTON DEBATING SOCIETY. Last evening week in the Church schoolroom, Mr. John McLeod read a paper on Si Robert Burns "and in the course of the evecing recited several of the best ; zown poems by the Scotch poet. At the close a hearty vote ot: t'llanl/44 . the essayist. Mr. r. T. SillQi p Amu - r the chair. If you wantyour watch &paired by siditui workmen, tole it to PRITCHARD'S.—Advt. EXCHANGE. OF PULPITS BY NONCONFORMISTS IN 1 RUNCORN. The annual exchange of pulpits by the Noneotiformist ministers cf Runcorn took place on Sunday eVenlng last. The pulpits were occupied as follows t--St.Faul's, Rev. J. Martin; Bethesda, Rev. T. Wilkes : Halton-road, Rev. C. Finch ; St. John's, Rev. W. Arrowsmith ; Greenway-road, Rev. J. S. Simpson ; Ellesmere-street, Rev. J. Danby • and Camden, Rev. J. I'. Williams. After the several' services a united communion service was conducted in St. Paul's Wesleyan Chapel, by the Rev. T. Wicks, and a short address was delivered by the Rev. C. Finch. There was a large congregation. PRITCHARD'S have now stood the test for 50 years andquary and first-class workmanship are still guaranteed.—Advt. FATAL FALL DOWNSTAIRS AT WIDNES. On Monday afternoon, an inquest was held before Mr. F. A. Jones. deputy coroner, at the Waterloo Vaults touching the death of a man named Arthur Valley, of 48, Dock-street, who died on Sunday morning, froin injuries received through falling downstairs early that morning. Evidence was given to the effect that the deceased attempted to go downstairs about two o'clock on Sunday morning, when by some means he fell down. He was removed to the sofa, and Dr. Hutchinson sent for, but the unfortunate man did not regain consciousness and died at ten o'clock. The jury returned a verdict of " Accidental death," but were of the opinion that property-owners ought to provide a hand-rail for the stairs in dwelling-houses. JOSFPIE PRITCHARD keeps spectacles to suit all sights from a shilling a pair.—Adrt. HALEBANK WESLEYAN BIND OF HOPE. A service of song entitled " John Tregenoweth : His Mark " was given by the members of the above society in the chapel, Halebank, on Monday evening. The meeting was presided over by Mr. J. Williamson, sup- ported by Mr. T. Shakeshaft and Mr. T. S. Swale, the latter undertaking the reading part of the service. The solos duets Mc., were very creditably rendered by , Mesdames ' Lyons, Brazendale, Gardner, and Catto : and one of the Sunday school scholars,Miss Alice Shakeshaft, sang one of tho hymns which formed part of the service. The singing was performed in a very satisfactory manner by the choir and children, under the able leadership of Mr. John Harper. The usual votes of thanks were given, , and a very pleasant evening was brought to a close by the singing of the Doxology. When in want ore chaste and elegant wedding or birthday ; present go to PRITOXAMD's. 61, imgh-st,—Advt. RUNOORN SONS OF TEMPRRANCE.

A meeting of this society was held on Saturday even- ing under the presidency of Mr. James Johnson. There was a good attendance of officers and members. Mr. Thomas Clarke read an interesting essay on " Woman's Work in Temperance." He spoke of the influence and power that good women possessed, and pointed out how they were taking their proper place' in directing their efforts for the advancement of the people, and removing the evils by which they were surrounded. He referred to the important meetings which were held in Manches- ter during the week, and showed what beneficial results might attend temperance tract distribution, for which the fair sex were so eminently fitted. In the discussion which ensued the following members took part : Messrs. Thomas Cooke, S. M. Timperley, Samuel Henderson, Daniel Bisbrown, John Taylor, Edward Key, and David Smith. A vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Clarke for his admirable paper, JOSEPH PRITCHARD is prepared to wind and keep in repair, private clocks from 10s. per annum.—Advt. ALLRGED STABBING AFFRAY AT WIDNES. At the Widnes Police Court on Monday, before Mr. H, Wade-Deacon, a man named John Robinson, of no fixed abode, was charged with unlawfully wounding Win. EClWards9ll by Stitbbing in 9n ,satur(lay night last, It appears that about 11 o'clock on Saturday fight Lli pri- soner was ejected from the model lodging-house in Lugsdale-road for disorderly conduct, The prosecutor also lodged at this house, aid he and the prisoner had a struggle together. After he was put out of the house the prisoner returned and again fought with Edward- son. He Was once more ejected, and the prisoner then stnaShed some windows, and Edwardson then found that be had been stabbed on the top of the head.—Dr. Oleeffe said that the wound was an incised One, 112. inches long, and penetrating to the bone. He did not think the man was out of danger, but he might be in a week. On th application of Superintendent Keighley, the prisoner was remanded for seven days. JOSEPH PRITCHARD, Watchmaker and Jeweller, 51, High- st.. and 4, Bridge-st.. Runcorn.—thlet, FUNERAL OF A. SUNDAY SCHOCH. TEACltgit AT TIUNCr- On SuLday, the emains of Miss Phcebe Browri, 22 yearg, daughter of Mr. William . Brown;‘,. Egerton-street, were laid to rest in. che land portion of the cemetery. ad'bet7nga teacher in the Parish Churc:‘, Sunday &gloat lOr several member et the Girls' Priendly years, and had been a Society since its inr..uguration Ave years ago. By her Mildly and geni".o disposition she endeared herself to her fellow worke,..es, who., as a mark of their esteem and res- pect, attended the funeral In late numbers. The Tiro- cessionists included time members of thGrirls' Friendly Society, several teachers, the scholars of her class, and the following officials from the Parish 'Church Sunday Schools ;---Mr. A....lordap,'and Mrs. 'nuke, superidt-eucl- ents ; and Mr. John Littler, seCietetry. 'Uperithe'Voffin were wreaths and drosses sent 'by the Sunday-sChool teachers, 'the Girls' Friendly 'Society, Mrs. Maitland Wood (the'vicarage), Mrs. ltroWn, Mrs. Saunders, Mrs. N.Pzing,':miSs Dykes, Miss Walker, Mr.' George' Gibson, awl*, neighbours. go to Pari•ortakri's for the best live- guinea 'watch a Work- ingman can have.—ildbt. RIINCOr11"1. CeO4SPHEITIVR• SO6P,TY. The annual tea' party and entertainment rook place in the Co-opeiative-Hhll on Wednesday night. About 350 sat down to tea, and the room was crowded during the entertainment, which was presided over by Mr. Royle, The Chairman in'tha course of a brief address, referred to the great Progress made by the Society since its re- ception. They'might understand the extensive business they were doing, when he informed him that during the past six Months they had taken £43,000 in Runcorn and and Widries'ile•'£2,ooo more than during the same period last year. He drew attention to the advantages the Co- operative bank offered, and other privileges the mem- bers enjoyed. During the evening a Capital programme was gone through by the Co-operative Glee Party, Miss DaVies, Messrs. Fred Littler, Withington, Betney, Pil- kingtOn, IPrice, Lacy, Leatherwood, and Saunders. Miss 'Paltrier was the accompanikt. The eustemary votes 'of Viral:Asa-we accorded.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 4 1893.

RUNCORN FAMOUS FULL BACK. Information reached Runcorn on Thursday that the ,services of Houghton, full back for Runcorn Football Club, would be required for England in the match against Ireland at Dublin on Saturday. Te news created much satisfaction in local football circles. RUNCORN PARISH CHURCH BAND OF HOPE. A meeting in connection with this society was held on Monday evening, under the presidency of the Rev. J. Holden. Songs were interspersed by the adult members, and recitations and dialogues were gone through by the junior members. An interesting address was given by Mr. Hy. Hankinson. THE RUNCORN STABBING CASE. At Runcorn Police Court on Wednesday, the boy Thos. Fisher was again brought up charged with having on the tenth January stabbed Arthur Royle, aged ten years, with a knife.—luspector Cooper said the injured boy was still unable to appear,and the prisoner was remanded for a week. Bail was again allowed.

WIDNIAS FRES LIBRARY. The Free Library Committee have increased the salary of Miss Proctor, the librarian, from £75 to £B5, and the salary of Miss Junes, the assistant, from 15s. to £1 per week. During the last month a daily average of 508 persons had visited the reading room and in the same period 5,184 books were borrowed.

SUCCESS OF A RUNCORN COURSER. Yesterday Mr. John Brundrit, of Runcorn ran several grey hounds at the Ridgway Club (Lytham) coursing meeting, and he succeeded in winning the third prize in the Lytham Cup for 18 all ages, at £3 ss. each, by means of Bessie Raven. His Bessie Hurst also divided the Peel stakes for 19 puppies at £3 ss. each.

RUNCORN GAS COMPANY. The half yearly meeting was held at the GAS Works on Thursday. Mr. F. Rigby, chairman of directors, moved the adoption of the report, which has been published, and the declaration of a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per anuum.—Mr. J. Handley, J.P., seconded. Carried. The directors were empowered to borrow on bonds or mortgage the sum of £6,000. - -

WESTON WESLEYAN DAY SCHOOL. A very interesting entertainment was given in this school on Thursday evening in behalf of the Band of Hope. The following ladies and gentlemen took part :—Miss E. Dunbabin and Miss Gilchrist, Messrs. E. H. Worrall, B. Doh, H. Fitton, J. Ball, Coope, Griffiths, Kirkham, Smith, and J. Leathwood. Miss Smith ably accom- panied. The chair was occupied by Mr. Jno..Ball. RUNCORN AND DISTRICT PEER'S ECONOMIC BUILDINS

SOCIETY. The 10th ballot in conwection with the above society was held at their office last night, Mr. J. H. Daubs' in chair, No. 122 was the number drawn, entitling Mr. Joseph Booth to an advance of £2OO for a period of 12! years, without interest. This is the third ballot eat has taken place during the last three months, and the next one has been fixed for Wednesday the let March next. SUPPOSED SUICIDE OF A RUNCORN WOMAN. On Thursday night the body of a woman was found in the Bridgewater Canal, at Norton. It was yesterday identified as that of Hannah Lever, aged 40 years, of Queen-street, Runcorn. The woman, it appears, left home on Tuesday evening for the purpose of shop- ' ping and she did not return. It is supposed that she committed suicide, having been depressed for SOM9 I time. She .leaves seven children,

===== 0002601_18930204_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCIDENT TO A WARRINGTON IN OMAN AT RUNCORN. _ .

On Monday morning,shortly before twelve o'clock, a somewhat serious accident s happened to Mrs. Grime,of Warrington.She was on her wayto Runcorn to see her husband, and in descending the steps of the bridge crossing the Mersey, stumbled and fell down them. She was badly bruised and cut about the face and arm. She was conveyed to the surgery of Dr. McDougall, where she received medical at- tention. TrlcarticAL INSTRUCTION AT CROFT.

The first, of a series of lectures was given on Monday night, in the Board School, Croft, by Mr. J. Cawthorne, the schoolmaster, on " Earth, Air, Fire, and Water," illustrated by experiment, iu which he was ably assisted by Mr. Fletcher, of Warrington, assistant master. There was a moder- ate audience, and the lecture, which was a very interesting and appreciative one, was very atten- tively listened to. The various experiments were watched very keenly.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND SEEN AT

ItIINCORN

BY AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT.

The opening of St. Paul's Parochial Room at Widnes this week was a highly successful function in every point of view. There was a very large company present both in the afternoon and even- ing, and the buPding, which in the interior has somewhat of an old-world .look abaut it, was much admired, both for its convenient arrangements and for its appearance. The building • will be yet another monument to the munificent liberality of Mr. Sutton Timmis, and also ot the Deacon family, to whom, with the addition of Mr. George, educa- tional and religious institutions in Widnes owe much. We echo the wish of Captain Lewis that other manufacturers who have amassed fortunes in the chemical metropolis and removed to localities where the air is purer and, the scenery brighter, could be got at and induced to keep their memories alive by some act of generous 'recognition of the place where glad fortune smiled upon them through clouds of thalr own creating.

Mr. Brunner gave the people of Weston Point, some excellent advice on Friday evening last, on the occasion of the ceremony of opening a coffee tavern and reading room in that village. Among other things he advised his auditors to adopt the Free Libraries Acts. An undertaking of a some- what similar character had been in existence in Weston Point some years ago. but, in the words of the Vicar, the institution had died a natural death. Mr. Brunner added his testimony that such estab- lishments, dependent entirely upon voluntary effort and aid, failed to maintain their position for any lengthened period. Therefore,his advice was to adopt the Libraries Act, whereby the Institution would be given a permanent chairman, and the whole of the ratepayers would contribute their fair share towards the expense and be at liberty to enjoy the advantages and benefits that could be bestowed. In Runcorn the Free Library is one of the most appreciated institutions and the charge its mainten- ance entails upon the rates may be said not to be , felt.

RUNCORN LIBERAL CLUB. On Tuesday evening a gathering was held in the club- room, under the chairmanship of Mr. T. Dean, who made a formal presentation of the cue given by Mr. W. Occleston, and won in the billiard handicap by Mr. Wm. Wright. After the ceremony a s:noking concert took place, when Seegs were contributed by Messrs. W. Wriul, T. Lea, T. Lewis. R. Moore, J. Parker, J. palm, J. Moss, and others. A recitation was given by Mr. Johnston. The accompaniments were played by Mr. C. Le COUteUT. PRE.SENTATION TO A WORKS MANAGER AT WIDNES. The employes of Ssiape's Works, Widnes, have pre- sented Mr. Callender, their manager, with a diamond ring and set of sleeve links, as a token of respect and esteem on the occasion of his removal to Runcorn Alkali Works, as head manager. Mr. Thomas Jones, late fore- man fitter at the works made the presentation, which came as a surprise to Mr. Callender, who suitably thanked the esien for their unexpected gift. SERIOUS CHARGE AGAINST A RUNCORN TRADESMAN. Yesterday at Runcorn Police Court, Thomas Heesom, pork butcher, Devonshire-square, was brought up on remand from Wednesday, to answer a charge under the Criminal Law Amendment Act. He was accused of attempting to have criminal intimacy with a girl named Annie Geary, under the age ef 16 years, on the 30th January and divers other days. The prosecutrix, whose parents reside at Moore, had been employed by the prisoner as domestic servant for the past three months. —Mr. Lake appeared for the prisoner who was remanded until to-day. He was liberated on Call, himself in £4O and two sureties of £2O each. HOLY TRINITY CHURCH, RUNCORN. The annual congregational tea party and entertain- ment was held on Thursday evening, in the school. There was a crowded audience. A capital programme of songs, duets, Sze., was admirably gore through by Miss Isherwood, Miss Comerford, Miss Jones, Miss Branch, and Miss Annie Turner ; Messrs. Newlands, Morris, Branch, Bushell. Rev. W. Stauton Jones, and the Masters Timmis. The Rev. Dr. Preston preached and delivered an address on parochial matters' and on behalf of the congregation presentei Mr. Lancaster, the RUNCORN WOMEN'S TEMPERANCE choirmaster, with two batons, one of which was beauti- SOCIETY. fully silver-mounted. Mr. Lancaster suitably acknow- The annual public meeting under the auspices 2f ledged the gift. this Society was held in Bethe.sdu Lecture hail, oil RUNCORN AND THE NEW RAILWAY RATES. Thursday evening. The room was half filled. Mrs. On the proposition of Mr. E. Wynne-Humphreys, Spring, of the U.K.A., Manchester, presided, aud she seconded by Mr. T. Lea, the Runcorn Board of Cons- was supported on the platform by Miss Balgarnie, missioners on Thursday, passed a resolution requesting of London, and Mrs E the Chairman Mr. F. Wiswall) to call a public meeting nandin Si • •. • , rip Canal Missionary, having offered . E. Wynne liumphreys. Mr. of ratepayers to protest against the increased railway Chair- rates. It is stated that some of the rates are increased -- • . prayer' Mr' 11. A lorris sang a song, and the Chair- woman delivered an address, in which she alluded a hundred per cent., and those in the chemical trade are Cto the grand meetings the Women's Temperance Society called upon to pay an average of 20 per cent. higher held in Manchester last week, and remarked that there rate than formerly. It had been stated that the Ship might be some one there in that small meeting who Canal Company had followed the lead of the railway might do as much good as the great meeting in Man- companies by increasing their charges for carriage on chester. Out of small beginnings always great things the Bridgewater Canal. Mr. W. H. Collier, the mane- must come; the little seed must be sown before the great , ger of that undertaking, has written to the Liverpool would come ; and she felt rejoiced to see such a meeting " Journal of Commerce " deay mg that any increase in Runcorn. They had got a large society in comparison whatever has been made, shop is 51,Hign-st., ma workshop longer. Sire ny that had ha been attention to on the existenceadmi r manyablewr*ykeaarcs- JOSEPH PRITCHARD'S sale 4, Bridge-st.—Advt. complished during the past year as described in the , RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUB. annual report, which has been published in this journal, The finances of the Runcorn Football Club have lately and, mentioning the scientific lectures to the scholars, caused uneasiness among the executive. Owing to the said if it were instilled into the children that alcohol abandonment of ,horne fixtures both this season, and was bad, and that the body was better -withuit it, they last on account of the frost, together with the expense attendant on making long journeys to engage with other would grow up with such principles, that prohibition clubs, they have not had a rosy time for a couple of sea- would come with a vengeance because the publicans sons past. An appeal was made to the Everton Football would not have customers ready to buy from them. Club Company, and the directors entertained the appl% They, the members of the Vs omen's Temperance cation in a most generous fashion. They have granted Association, had been told that they ought to stay the free use of their ground to play a benefit match in quietly at home and let the men do the work, but order to place the club on a more solid footingeand when she felt that neither she nor any other woe-,,an it is taken into account that the game will he played was out of place in doing what she could to st..,r, the under the rules of the rival code this generous spirit is liquor traffic, which was the cause of " aria all the more commendable, ' s The dace of the match i wretchedness and ruin, in so many homes. (p,i ,pi'a use.) settled for the 15th ot March, and negotiations are Miss Italgarnie said they were approach', ..: .n.. pending betweeq Runcorn and Swinton ; and should history 9f tire a crisis in the prospect of legislative reform wi temperance movemer` when they had a these champions of Cheshire and Lancashire respectively ' "4 - , atet would really place meet, the success of the project will be assured. the control of the liquor .40.1Plic in the hands of the If you went a lucky wedding ring go to 51, Iltuu-sT.,wher• people ; and naturally tire. Weellieent British people were 1 you will get% present with St.—Advt, studying every syst, t.l " -AI , rhat could come under their , notice. There w ' Trig rt ItCHAET OP TIONCOEN WATERWORKS. .404 fltilb ''-othenburg system, the Man- ' chester system 1 'we ' On Thursday morning at the conclusion of the ordin- of Chester's system, and all other 1 ' ' arc business of the Runcorn Board of Commissioners, a prole I,'"a "13'a '6llsYr;?' . ems, and last, but not least, the spacial meeti tie was held in pursuance of the provisions ih, I Sire did not for one moment imag- of the Act 35th and :56th Victoria, Cap. 91, intituleci .:..trdit they *Pe!Te yet nearing prohibition, which meant "An Act to authorize the application of funds of me _ ~ ; e. la W prohihitin, the manufacture or sale of drink. cipal corporations and other governing bodies it'. ee'e She Was Wald it would be some time before they got to cases " for the purpose of considering ar _ F'n that. `c'filien they obtained the direct veto they would .... t:AM fining beon'the hirdi. „ road to prohibition. (Applause.) There the propriety of the promotion by th . s .0 lee:Movement e conenisaioners Mr the district of. - 4111Vile'rb Of a Bill its • '.d ivtlyid never be a time in the history of the temperance the present session of Perlis- 01.0,.i ikvitut e,a ~ A Bill tb. ftroveinent when the Women's Terneera.nce Asseciation 'am,l other workers in the temperance cause, would have authorize the Runcorn afel-ber, end Halton Water: to work so hard as when they obtained the direct works Company , , ;*. eao ve ern: er f' ' further power'' tue 'el -er ' e veto, otherwise they would find the direct veto Commissioe-• ' Clerk e- ....-0."---Nfr. Wiswall presided. , The isaw used in an opposite way to that in which they wanted _ eXplabled that the besinesa was Orel', eermat, it to be used. The matter would be in the hands of the crtd.enbply to confirm the res,olution pa.ssed'at 'ala meet,- people, and unless the temperance organisations worked ! leg on the 28th November. The requieiVc resolution harder than they worked before, they might in certain was proposed, secondeMand carried witlieet discussion. districts find tire direct veto used to increase the number . . Both PRITCHARD'S Shops are tinder,logrsettial superVision.andl of houses. She did not anticipate such a result, but, if Customers may rely upon receivingeveryittention.—Advt. they imagined that everything would be done by legis- AGED PEOPLE'S TEEAT 'AT WIDNES. latiye referrer, the result would be disastrous.. What On Thursday evening the second annual treat to the they had to do was to work a hundred times more deter- needy aged persons resident within the borough of minedly in making individual teetotallers. (Applause.) Widnes was held in the Lace Y-street schoolroom. For The speaker gave a highly interesting description of her some weeks past a hard;Working committee, composed visit to the prohibition States of America, and she of all creeds lathe town,have been busily engaged mak- claimed that prohibition was a great success. A member trig preparationa and collecting, to carry out the scheme. of Parliament the other night, had advocated as a re- -530 tickets of invitation were given, and about 450 medy for bad trade, the emigration of the people. She recipients sat doWn to a substantial repast, with a large said, do not emigrate the people, but emigrate the army of ladies and gentlemen as waiters. The room drink. (Applause.) If we could have the drink emig- was decoratld :With plants and mottoes such as" Long rated out of the land,this little island with all our ships, live the Mayor," " Success to the Old Folks' Treat," all cur communication with other countries, might ac- May it long continue," "Health and prosperity to the commodate in prosperity and happiness even a larger subscriber's, 'and " Welcome to all." In addition to a number of people than it did at the present time. (Ap- packet of tea or tobacco, each one received a photo of plause.) It was because people Were sodden with drink his Worthip the Mayor as a memento of the interesting which made them sink down into such a state of apathy occasio; and those who were unable to be present re- that we had the horrid way of describing the different ceived an order entitling them to half-a-erown's worth strata of society as the classes and the masses. of prbvisions, so that none of the deservieg were forgot- If we could only get the drink banished, we tent,after all had expressed themselves well satisfied should hear less of these distinctions between, the tables were cleared and the room prepared for the clas and class, and we should have one grand human entertainment, when the Mayor (Alderman F. H. brotherhood and one grand human sisterhood. (Ap- Gossage) presided. A vocal and instrumental pro- plause.) In a free country the inhabitants were no gramme followed, and the proceedings terminated with better nor worse than the average people who dwelt a vote of thanks to the chairman, subsoribers, and those there, and it was because they as individuals had not: who had so kindly assisted. done all the little that lay in their power to improve, pub- lic sentiment and to raise the tone of general opinion, A FLOURISHING CYCLISTS' CLUB. , that the liquor trade could exist, m begin that , At the seventeenth annual meeting of the St. night. The w ft • Let thee of the, drink They were a . either on the side Helens Cyclists' Club, on Tuesday, the statetnent of traffic or they were against it ; there was no alternative, accounts showed balance brought forward last year and the speaker, after the narration in eloquently power- -44 '4B 11d, receipts £49 17s 11d, expenditure ful language of the evils wrought by drink, made an £3416s 6d, balance carried forward £B9 Os 4d. The effective appeal to the moderate drinkers to take the following were the appointments :—Mr. W. J. Ash- pledge if not for their own sakes, for the sake of others. ton, president ; ,jr,l F. W. Fothergill, captain ; Miss Balgarnie resumed her seat amid enthusiastic Messrs. W. Stoddart and W. E. Edmunesom sub-, applause. captains ;T. Bate and A. Royle, buglers; H. Broad- 1 The proceedings concluded with the singing of the teed, tcasaurer ; and W. Sbunlabotnain, beerotary.iDoxaugy.

We had Co-Operators in cannel' at Euncorn,on Saturday last, They were considering the question " Is co.operation doing its level best tor the poor ?" While there was a consensus of opinion amongst the 60 representatives present that the co-operative societies were doing much for the working-classes, they had the candour to admit that there was room for improvement. Some societies confine their at- tention, in the main, to buying and selling the necessaries of life and dividing the profits in the shape of " divi," while others carry on educational work by means of libraries and reading rooms, and .the teaching by competent men of science and art, and other subjects. It is a regrettable circumstance that the Runcorn Co-operative Society is to he placed in the former class, which it is gratifying to know is much the smaller of the two divisions. Will the members make an effort to rise into a higher plane, and following the example of many societies in Lancashire benefit themselves and the ' people around them by taking an active and prac- tical interest in the educational and social ques- tions of the day? The erection of a Technical In- stitute for the town is delayed for want of funds; the free Library, in consequence of a very smaß income, does not accomplish all the work the com- mittee could wish ' • will the Co-operative Society lend a helping hand by giving or their abundance, and thus confer lasting benefit upon present and future generations of co-operators and others in Runcorn?

===== 0002601_18930204_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS.

The monthly meeting was held at the Town Hall, on Thursday morning. Mr. F. Wiswall pre- sided, and there were present Messrs. W. Fisher, P. Speakman, C.C., J. Mea,!owcroft,J. W. Lightburn, T. Lea, S. Taylor, W. liankinson, E. W. Humphreys, D. Bisbrown, J. Dobson, R. Abel, Dr. Mangan, R. Cow- ard, F. A. Lake (law clerk), E. Marshall (secretary), M. Barker (surveyor), Dr. McDougall (medical officer.)

HEALTH OF THE TOWN. The number of deaths registered during the past month amounted to 50. Five deaths were inquest cases and of the remaining 45 deaths, 7 Were due to senile decay, 2 to heart disease, 2 to debility. 9 to bronchitis,3 to measles, 3 to phthisis, 4 to inflammation of the lungs, 2 to mesenteric disease, 2to premature birth. 2 to diseases of the windpipe,and 1 each to viarola,diarrhcea, inflammation of the lining membrane of the brain,disease of glands, erysipelas, peritonitis, chronic disease of the brain, scarlet fever, and diptheria. The 50 deaths show an average death-rate of 30 and,exclusive of the inquest cases, of 27 per 1,000 of the estimated population for the 12 mouths.—The Surveyor said in January last year, there were 48 deaths,of which 4 were inquest cases.—ln rcply to Mr. Lightburn Dr. McDougall said there were not many deaths, from diseases of a preventible charac- ter. Measles was an infantile disease, which sometimes became prevalent at this season of the year, and became very fatal on account of the bronchitis which followed. Ho did not consider the death-rate a very high one. During the past year the death-rate had averaged a fraction over 20 per 1,000.

HIGEMLIS AND BUILDINGS COMMITTEE. This Committee made the following recommendations : —That the sum of £5 be paid to Mr. Streets in respect to his claim for alleged trespass on space in front of house in Church-st., on condition that he executes a convey- ance of the land in question to the Board free from all ' claim to deposit goods thereon ; also that £2 be paid to Mr. and Mrs. G. Boughton on the same terms. That the plan of Mr. T. Reynolds for the erection of 31 houses in a field opposite Greenway Meadows be approved, sub- ject to a section being shown on plan of ashpits and a written description of the mode of construction being given. That the plan of Mr. Isaac Stubbs for the erec- tion of 11 houses in Ivy-road be approved.—Mr. Taylor , moved and Speakman seconded the adoption of the I minutes. Carried.

SIKALLPDX.—BEWARE. Mr. Lightburn, in moving the adoption of the minutes of the Health Committee, said he wished to warn the public through the Press, not to purchase salt fromcarts which perambulate the streets with rags. As an Autho- rity the Commissioners had got no power to stop these carts, and they all knew that rags were a fruitful source for the diffusion of disease. If the public were aware of this fact and acted upon it, it would very much benefit the population. (Hear. hear.)

PROPOSED ELECTRIC LIGHTING. The General Purposes Committee reported that they had received a report from certain members, who had had an informal interview with Mr. Hall, electrical en- gineer, Liverpool, and they had also had before them a letter from that gentleman giving a general and approxi- mate estimate for obtaining an installation of electric light for the public streets, and being of opinion that a case had been made out for further inquiry, they recom- mended that Messrs. A. Hall and Co., electrical engineers Liverpool, be instructed to prepare and present a com- plete and detailed report, specification, and estimate on the whole question, at a cost not to exceed ten guineas. The Committee further recommended that a special com- mittee be appointed to deal with this matter to be called the Electric Lighting Committee, and to consist of Messrs. Speakman, )ileadowcroft, Fisher, Pritchard, flankinson, and Humphreys.—Mr.Hankinsons in moving the adoptien of the minutes said Mr. W. E. Lea had paid a, Visit to Dolgelly, where electric lighting was in operation, and the information he got there was that the electric light superceded gas so far as the price of gas was concerned there, but their machinery was worked by water, and the gas was dearer there than it was at Run- corn. Me, Lea did not think they could hare the electric light in lltmcorn cheaper than gas, but there would be the convenience of it and the advantage to the town. Mr. Lea said he had been approached by two or three shopkeepers as to the probable cost of fitting up the elee- tric light in their establishments, and the Commis.sioners would perhaps be forestalled unless they dealt promptly with the matter,—Mr. Fisher Seconded the motion.—Mr. Humphreys said such a case had been made out for elec- tric lighting that further inquiry and consideration was demanded. Alluding to the successful working of the electric light at Dolg•efly Mr. Humphreys pointed out that the price of gas there was 7s. per 1,000 cubic feet, whereas in Runcoin it was only 3s. 2d., but on the other hand they only paid 30s. per annum per lamp, whereas the Commissioners paid two guineas per lamp. Ile had no hesitation in saying, unless grossly deceived by the gentlemen called in to their aid, that not only could they obtain the electric light for Runcorn without increased cost but at a considerable saving to the ratepayers. The firm al Messrs. Hall and Co. had forwarded him in a private communication a rough estimate of the cost.— The letter stated " With reference to the electric light- ing at Runcorn, after hearing our Mr. Hall's report, we are of opinion that the town is admirably adapted for electric lighting. We estimate that it would take about 2i5 arc lamps of 2,000 candle power each, and 150, ot 16 candle power, incandescent lamps to light the town. effectively ; the approximate cost of installing the same would be something under £4,000. We do not, how- ever, bind ourselves to these figures. We should be pleased to fit temporarily 2 are lamps in any of your main thoroughfares where the use of an existing steam or gas engine could be acquired for say a fortnight so as to demonstrate to your Board and ratepayers the vast superiority of electric light over gas.; should you decide to place the contract with us we would not make any charge for the experiment ; on the other hand, the cost would not exceed £25. Supposing the complete installa- tion should cost £4,000, the annual expenditure, includ- ing repayment of principal and interest repairs, renewals, Sm., would be £548. At the present time the Commissioners were paying about £B2O a year for light- ing the town by gas. He (Mr. .Huttplireys) would assume that Mr. Hall had taken too small an estimate of the requirements of the town for lighting purposes, and he haa added to his estimate another £2,000 for installa- tion and also another £lOO for increased maiatenance, and that would bring up the estimated annual expendi- ture to £750, so that even with that additional £2OO per year added there was still a saying of something like £7O a year j besides haying the benefit of the improvement. This eitimatS ilia:Judea 3 duplicate plant, the advantage of which must be odvious, first in the ease of a break- down, and secondly the smaller plant might he worked during the day time while the larger plaut took increased work at night. He thought the'Coultrilto.eners might safely undertake tO supply any private individual in the town with the electric light at a tteee at all events not exceeding what thet were now rfaying for gas and at the pine time deriVe a very handsome profit, Which mitln'o go for the benefit of the ratepayerS. M. Meadowcroit agreed that a case had been rnade out for inquiry, but there seemed to he a weakness in connection with the matter which it was desirable should be overcome. And that was so far as Mr. Hall was concerned. He did not know whom that gentleman represented, but it was desirable, that they mould have independent testimony, and he suggested that, as there was no immediate hurry, tb engagement at Mr. Hall to prepare estimates, &c., should be postponed until the Commissioners had obtained information from some of the authorities who had prac- tical experience of the working and cost of time electric light.—Mr. Humphreys accepted the suggestion, which was supported by Mr. Taylor, who also pointed out that at Blackpool the electric light was only used in the sum- mer, and was then put out at midnight, so that it most not be practicable or too expensive for lighting the town. —Mr. Humphreys replied that:at the present time Black- pool were promotiue a bill to enable them to spend £26,000 in lighting the whole town with electricity.— Mr. Taylor said if it were found that they could save anything, and have a better light by means of electricity, he should do all he could to promote it.—Mr. ltisbrown intimated that the electric light was in operation at Prestcn.--The recommendation as amended, was then carried. TIM MERSEY VEHICULAR BEHDOE COMMITTER. This committee recommended that Mr. Grice be ap- pointed a member, and the Chairman moved and Mr. Taylor seconded the adoption of the minutes.—Mr. Meadowcroft moved that 'the names of Messrs. Hum- phreys, Leach, and Bisbrown be also added.—ln reply to Mr. pexittnati,the Chairman said the Daresbury High- way Boisrd had'under consideration,the question of help- ing the project financially, but the Commissioners had mot heard from them yet. This,however, would not prevent the Commissioners and Widnes Town Council approaching the County Councils again. He had seen the Town Cleilt of Widnes during the week, and it was being seriously discussed as to when they should ap- prftch the County Councils again—Mr. Speakman said three months would elapse before the next meeting of the Council after the ninth inst., and he thought the scheme should be vigorously gone on with in the mean- time.-The Law Clerk said the Clerks of the peace for the two counties were arranging a meeting between re- presentatives of the two County Councils to discuss the question.—The additions to the ' Committee were ap- proved.

BYE-LAWS COMMITTEE. This Committee reported that they had framed New Beilding Bye-laws for the Improvement Act DistriGt of Runcorn, and they recommended their adoption by the 'Board, and that the Seal of the Board he affixed to them ; also that the requisite notices be inserted in the local newspapers of th• intention of this Board to apply to the Local Government Board for their confirmation of the New Bye-laws.—lt was resolved that each Msm. berbe sapplied with a copy of the new byelaws, and that the special meeting of the Board be called to con- l'ald'er them.

FINANCE.

The Finance Committee reported re•ceipts amounting tósB 143. 4d. and recommended the wiyment accounts amounting to £1,140 7A. sd. The Committee recommended that the sum of £750 represent the por- tion of £2,000 assessment No. 1040 in respect of the wharves aud lauding places to which the Jianchester

===== 0002601_18930204_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
Ship Canal Co., are entitled to exemption from three 1 original motion to raise £9O was declared carried.— fourths of the General District Rate, under the provi- Messrs. R. G. Linaker and Joseph Gorst were elected sional order of 1876, and that the General District rate gas inspectors for another term.—Mr. Earlam proposed made on the 21st April, 1892, be amended by reducing that the assistant overseer should have £5 allowed him the assessment by the sum of £562 lers.—Mr. Fisher for collection of the rate.—A vote of thanks to the moved the confirmation of the minutes, and said Mr. Chairman terminated the meeting. Collin wished the amount reduced by £l,OOO but the MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT CLASS.—A lecture was given on Committee considered that too much, and the secretary Wednesday, by the Rev. P. Pizey, descriptive of his had eventually been enabled to arrive at the arrange- holiday last summer in France and Switzerland. meat now proposed.—Mr. Taylor seconded the MO- THE GRAMMAR ScnooL.—The annual treat to the tion, which was carried, scholars of the Overton Grammer School took place on THE LIBRARY.AND SMALLPDX. Friday afternoon, the substantial tea being provided for Mr. Meadowcroft moved that the library be open from by the Vicar, the Rev. H. B. Blogg, M.A. In the even- two to three o'clock in the afternoon each day in the lag a magic lantern entertainment was given, the week from Monday to Saturday instead of on Wednes- miscellaneous views beiag exhibitect by Mr. Hutton, day and Saturday afternoons. After considerable and comprised some of Yorkshire, the Isle of Wight, , discussion the Chairman undertook to bring the motion comics, . before the Library Committee on their next meeting.— Mr. Lightburn said whilst the smallpox epidemic con- tinued it would perhaps be advisable to close the Library and reading room. He had heard of persons from smallpox-infected places frequenting the reading-room. Perhaps the Library Committee would consider the question.

HELSBY.

TLCE WESLEYAN Scuon.—To liquidate the debt on the new Wesleyan School, Mr. Robert Yates and his party from Runcorn journeyed to the above place on Wednes- day, and gave the service of song entitled " Nobody's Darling "to a crowded audience. The singers acquitted themselves admirably.

HANDSOME GRANT TO THE TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. A letter was read from the secretary of the Science and Art Department who stated that the Lords of the Committee of Council on Education have approved of a grant of £l,OOO in aid of the building of the proposed Technical Institute, subject to the usual conditions.— The Chairman expressed satisfaction at the receipt of such a communication. (Hear hear.) Mr. Lightburn announced that the Health Committee had purchased a vehicle for ambulance purposes at a cost of five guineas and he moved that the Committee's action be approved.— Mr. Bisbrown secondsd.—Carried.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTIIIVICH DIVISION LIBERAL ASSOCIATION. RUNCORN REPRESENTATIVES.

The annual meeting of the Liberals of Runcorn for the purpose of electing representatives on the Council of the North wich Division Liberal Associa- tion was held in Union Hall on Wednesday nigfit. Mr. A.. R. Norman presided, and there was a moder- ate attendance. The following gentlemen were elected vice presidents :—Messrs. Jno. Simpson, J. R. Frith, dames Handley, J.P., P. Speakman, C.C., S. C. Beckett, Samuel Taylor, Thomas Handley, and R. H. Posnett. Messrs. T. Lea, Jno. Witbington, G. Bellamy, E. W. Humphreys, William Carroll, and S. Walton were chosen the representatives of the district of the Execu- tive Committee, and the members on the General Coun- cil were selected as follow :—Runcorn North: Messrs. Jno. Jones, W. Millington, W. McNorton, Fred Clarke, R. Thornes, Samuel Tickle, E. Gatley, Jno. Taylor, C. Lightfoot, William Gowangock, T. T. Burrows, Jno. Pickthall, G. B. Billingt,on, A. Clare, P. Leithwood, Robert Stubbs, J. W. Boyle S. Webster, A. Watkins, William Holt, James Lea, Robert Jones, J. W. Shingle, George Bellamy, Rev. J. Simpson, Jno. Elliott, Edward Kennedy, Jno. Parker, J. Quinn, Edward Jones, T. Poole,, J. Bate, C. Hedgecock, A. Antrobus, H. O'Neil, T. Taylor, T. Hewitt, Robert Boyle, Jos. Booth, Alex Kerman, Thos. Cooke (bootmaker), S. Temperley, Geo. Thomas, J. Mancollis junr.,Jas.Caskey, and Wria. Shaw. Runcorn South: Messrs. Jas. Frith junr., John Barton. John Jones, D. Hughes, R. Hughes, S. R. White. C. Bestwick, John Clark, J. J. Bowyer M. Sweetman, J, Stanway, J. Gresty, J. Hayes, W. Box worth, T. I. Holt R. Bagster. J. W. Bayley, M. Redman, C. Hill, E. Wil- liams, R. Wright, B. Crosby, T. Riley, J. Bridgewater, J. Green, J. H. Green Wm. Yates, Wm. Fitton, Samuel Walker, and Samuel Green, The following officers were also appointed : Runcorn North. Chairman, Mr. W. Ockleston ; secretary, Mr. J. Clark; Runcorn South. Chairman, Mr.A.R. Norman ; secretary,Mr.A. Riley. It was resolved that a meeting be called at an early date to consider the advisability of forming a local associa- tion,

===== 0002601_18930204_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
THE AFFAIRS OF THE WIDNES ALKALI COMPANY.

The hearing of this motion took place in the Chancery Court of Lancashire sitting in Manches- ter on Tuesday before Mr. W. F. Robinson, Q.C., acting Vice-Chancellor. It was a motion arising oat; of the voluntary liquidation of the Widnes Alkali Company. Mr. Ledford and Mr. Astbury appeared for George Yates Bolton and Elizabeth Bolton, who were holders of shares in the company. Mr. Hotch and Mr. Hughes were for Mr. C. E. Bar- low. and Mr. Reberlev and Mr. Lawrence for Mr. G. U. Bolton and Mr. J. R. Wild, who, with Mr. Bar- low, were directors of the company. The motion had reference to a sum of .245,000.—Mr. Radford said the Widnes Alkali Company was incorporated , in 1865 under the Companies Act, 1862, with a capi- tal of £20,000 in 2,000 shares. Overtures were made in the early part of 1890 by the Chemical Union for the purchase of the business of the com- pany for £315,000. A meeting of the shareholders was held on the 15th of January: 1890, at which a rest); lotion was carried unanimously agreeing to Oen for iF.:345,000. It was also resolved that in the event of the sale being completed a sum of £45,000 should be given to the three directors for " loss of position." The sale was elTected, and the Chemical Union had since become the United Alkali Company. The motion was that the £45,000 paid to the directors should be returned to the mhareholderA of the original company. Mr. Radford contended that the resolution in no way bound his clients, because the money was not bona-fide voted by way of compensation for loss of position, being far be- yond what the directors would have been entitled to even if they had a legal claim against the company for wrongful dismissal. Mr. Barlow and Mr. Wild had since become directors of the United Alkali Company at the same salary as they received from the old company. viz., £1,500. The purchase mosey had been paid in shares of the new company, distributed so far as £300,000 was concerned pro rata among the share- holders of the old company. The £45,000 divided amore the directors was also in shares.—The case was adjourned. The case was resumed on Wednesday, when the court was occupied all day in hearing documentary evidence in the case, which is expected to last for several days.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSTIAIi

MEETING OF RATEPAYERS. At the annual meeting of the ratepayers within the Frodsham Lighting District, held in the Town Hall, Froiisham, on Saturday evening, Mr. Thomas Davies, Senior overseer, presided, there being also present-- Messrs. Thomas Riley, W. Youd, H. Lewis, J. Edwards' W. Nodço T. Earlam, S. D3ViPS, H. U. Linaker, F. W. Spencer, I'. Riley, J. Illidge, E. Hough, R. HarrltiOn, J. Corker, and George Jones. The meeting was for the purpose of determining the amount of money to be levied for the purposes of the Act for the ensuing year, appointing two inspectors, and other business.—Mr. T. Riley asked whether the whole of the rate had been col- lected, and whether the precept which had been levied by the gas inspectors had been met by the overseers.— The Assistant Overseer said that there was about LB , which still remained to be collected, but that the over- seers had paid the amount of the precept. The Secre- tary of the Gas Inspectors (Mr. S. Davies) hiere prl- clueed the accounts of the inspectors, duly atilrested by the magistrates, of which the following are attacts : Year ended 18th December, 1892. Receipts : Balance brought forward, £1 10s. ; cash from the overseers of the poor, £165 ; subscription from Mr. J. G. Kydd, £2 ss. ; bank interest, 55.; total, £169. Payments : Costs of legal proceedings against overseerifor non- payment of precept, 6s. 6d. ; Frodshain Gas and Water Company for gas and fittings, £ll5 13s. sd. ; repairs to lamps. Ix., £5 12s. Bd.; advertising, 7s. 6d. ; office rent, £1 10s. ; salaries, £6 ; sundries, 18s. ; balance in hand, £3B 12s. 9d. ; total, £169 Os. 11d. Mr. Davies ex- plained that the sum of £9O would be required for the next term.—Mr.Edwards pointed out that the Act in his opinion was almost obsolete.—Mr. T. Riley did not consider that it would be wise to lay a new I'oo, as most likely the magistrates would not sign it. —A discussion ensued as to the advisability of asking i the Rural Sanitary Authority to include the lighting n their application for urban powers for the township, i ut as the ratepayers would not have any voice n the ar- rangements for lighting if that was done, it was dis- cussed no further.—Mr. Edwards considered that the very best thing which could be done was to go in for a , I Local Board, then the several matters would be entirely in the hands Of the members of such Local Board, and he believed that if the Cheshire County Council were memo- rialized their sanction could be obtained and ultimately a district formed.—Messrs. T. Riley and El. U. Linaker thought that there would be much difficulty in the way before such a Board could be formed, and Mr. Linaker moved that the next rate be levied to the extent of £9O, which motion was seconded by Mr. S. Davies.—Mr. T. Riley inquired of the Chairtnan whether he could see his way to have the rate made should the meeting sanction the sum, and the Chairman replied that the rate could be lawfully levied, seeing that there was sufficient power in their Act to enforce its collection.—Mr. Earlam i inquired whether t was correct that the magistrates had refused to sign the order t 3 compel Mr. Edwards to pay . his rate and whether they assigned any reason for 80 refusint.i.—Mr. T. Riley stated pe was present at the hearing of the case, and the magistratesassembled would not sign an order, and he believed that one reason for their not doing so was that there was no real documen- tary evidence as to the formation of the present lighting district.-14r. H. G. Linaker thought that it was very strange that since the formation of the district, the dii- trict auditor had always signed after examination the several books belonging to the overseers for the levying and collection of the rate, and had never found" an-y fault.—Mr. T. Riley suggested that the best thing to be done was to commence again to form a new district, and so forth; and he moved that in consequence of the diffi- culties which seemed to exist, that the meeting cannot authorize any more money being raised for the purposes of the Act, which was duly seconded by Mr. Edwards.— On the Chairman putting this amendment to the meet- ing, four voted in favour and five against, and the,

===== 0002601_18930204_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPOSED RESTORATION OF FARNWORTH PARISH CHURCH.

The annual congregational tea party and concert in connection with Farnworth Parish Church was held on Friday evening last week, under the presi- dency of Mr. John Brock, J.P. The Vicar, the Rev. J. Wright Williams,delivered a speech, in which he advocated the restoration of the old fabric of the church, and the Chairman in the course of his speecit dwelt at length on the same topic. He said for the past four or five years they had often heard of church re- storation, and no doubt something had been dem in the direction of church repairs, but not church restoration. , What had been done only touched the fringe of the sub- ject, therefore something very much more thorough ought to be done, and he thought now that they had built and kept out of debt two churches, and also built a vicarage, which they hoped would soon be free that debt, the mother church might look for help. He would be disappointed if the daugh- ter churches, St. Ambrose and St. Paul's did not assist them most cordially in this matter. He • had faith that they would. If an appeal were made to the public about the church restoration there must be a complete plan to work upon. It was no use going to the p eople and asking them for their money unless t could be pointed out to them what was going to be done. Restoration did not mean pulling down everything old. and putting in everything new, bat the improving, and in some cases the removing,of excrescences and portions of the church that never ought to have been there. fie referred chiefly to the galleries. No doubt it was neces- sary to find increased accommodation in the parish church at one time, but now that they had the churches of St: Ambrose and St. Paul be thought the seating room in the galleries could at once be done away with. Architecturally they were an excrescence and an eyesore. The restoration could take place in sections as funds were forthcoming, and it would probably take two or three, perhaps five, years to do the work. It would mean the banishing of pews from the chancel—pews ought not to be there—and putting the choir in their proper place; also reseating the nave, and making pro- I Vision for a larger organ to be put downstairs.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
JUDGE FFOULKES AND THE NEV

FORM OF OATH.

At the Warrington County Court, on Thursday morning,bis Honour Judge. Ffoulkes,said he wished to allude to an incident which occurred last court day, about which there seemed that some strange misconception had got into the papers. What took place was this. Mr. Jenkins asked to be allowed to take the oath according to the Scotch usage, with the right hand raised, and without kissing the book. He (the Judge) asked if he had some conscientious objection to the oath, and he said it was not that,but he wished to be excused because of the epidemic. Mr. Jenkins told him of some decision which apparently dealt with the subject. He replied that he could not recognise the deci7ion in the face of well-established usages, but that he was net obliged to kiss a particular °Testament, if he preferred another. He (the Judge) quite forgot at the time the Act known as " Bradlaugh's Act," which was pass.d. irl 1888, and had Mr. Jenkins mentioned it and asked to be sworn in that way he would have been very glad indeed to have allowed him to do so. Apparently (so he had been told, for he had not seen the papers), he had refused to allow Mr. Jenkins to take the oath with up- lifted hand, because he had no scruples against taking it in the ordinary way. He did not know how that got about, but it was an entire misconception of what passed. What was said about religious scruples took place previously. He thought Mr. Jenkins had conscien- tious objections to taking the oath, but in answer to him (the Judge) he said he only wished to be excused Owing to the epidemic. He should be glad if Mr. Jenkins was in court to hear what he had to say.—Mr. Longton, solicitor, corroborated his Honour's statement. His Honour, in the course of the morning,aliowed a witness, Mr. W. I. Lawton. to be sworn with uplifted hand.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND SEEN

AT WARRINGTON.

1 hear that there is some likelihood that before long the excellent and industrious agent for the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals will have to be translated to another sphere of labour. This will come in the usual course of• things in accordance with which all the agents of the society, are changed about from time, to time. Inspector Dowty, too, has of late had his exertions somewhat suspended through having been an in- valid for some time, but has been doing good work since his recovery, as instanced at Daresbury Ses- sions on Tuesday. The practical lessons which Mr. Dowty has given in humanity to those who reward with brutality the poor animals that do them such substantial service hirte been numerous in this dis- trict, and the seed he has sown will, I am sure, not have been thrown away. The fact that be has al- ready, I believe, considerably exceeded the usual period for removal of an agent shows that his ser- vices are appreciated at headquarters, and when the time comes for his departure we shall all feel sorry to lose so zealous and impartial an auxiliary in so good a cause. - - -

-- I have now and then heard, especially in con- nection with the aged folk's treat, speculations as to who was the oldest inhabitant of Warrington, but I have never heard the credit of the distinction of being such given to him whom I believe is the right person. Mr. Adam Campbell, of Brick-street,, who will be 92 years in April next, is, I think, the oldest man in the town, and, I fancy, its oldest in-. habitant. Mr. Campbell has lived in Warrington a great numbar of years, and has been seen going about until quite lately—since when, on account, of the severe weather, I suppose he has been keep-. ing indoors—in a. hale and hearty condition. They old man's eyesight and hearing are remarkably good, considering his age. His mental faculties also, are clear, and not long since he was absolutely carrying on the business of a coal agent, and can— vassing for orders for coal, and probably soon will be again, now that the weather has become more: favourable.

The old gentleman is said to be quite an author- on the scriptures. Some time ago the Rector of Warrington preached a sermon on the passage in .which the Psalmist names three score years and ten as about the maximum of human life,and remarked that it was a curious fact that David died himself just at that age. Mr. Campbell on hearing from a triend that Mr. Willis had made this statement, declared there was no authority for it in the Bible, and after a careful search said he was quite con- vinced there was no record as to the date of David's death.

The new oath—not affirmation as some are pleased. to call it—bids fair to become the accepted form of swearing in a ceurt of law. It was rather an augury in this direction to see three medical men, the privilege of being at the Warrington Police Court ,the other day, ill carry with it eovin,eo:anftieiri tahnisotmhaetrincelanimTinhge fact w . a strong argument to the public mind that the , objection to kissing the back of the Testament which has received the osculatory impresses of all and sundry is not so fanciful as some might imagine it to be. The new ceremony is much cleaner, and to my mind more impressive than the-old one.

Judge Ffoulkes has been making an elaborate statement in the County Court, as to what he said or meant to say, when he recently refused to allow Mr. Jenkins to take the Scotch form of oath, and he says he makes the explanation to correct some strange misconception which had got into the Papers. It would puzzle a Philadelphia lawyer to find out after reading the reports of what took place,and the judge's explanations where the strange. misconception comes in. i can hardly see how, the different papers each giving its own independ- ent report, and all agreeing as they do, there could be any misconception, and the judge's own observa- tions show that there was not. The fact is his Honour has found he was in the wrong and has bad to make the amena'e hal orable in the best way that he could. MERLIN,

is. - UNRFAISTERED Lononio-Housas.—Charles Stewart, Buckley-street, and Hannah Ward, rye's Yard, Old Road, Latchford, were fined for keeping unregistered odging-houses, the former 10s. and costs and the latter ss.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
TAKE CARE.

1. TAKE CARE that you do not by wet feet, damp clothes, exposure to the weather, sudden chills, or the like, get a " slight cold," a cold that results in a "little cough" which may develop into Bronchitis or Inflammation of the Lungs, if not attended to in time. REMEMBFE that Garitym EVA_NS' BirrEns brace the system. and enable it to resist attacks of Cold, and various other complaints, 2. TAKE CARE that the occasioaal headache, loss of appet- ite, languid feeling. Scc., does not become confirmed Indiges- tion ; and that the flatulence, heartburn, or "slight stitch," you complain of does not settle down into Dyspepsia. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE Erman.; is everywhere acknow- ledged to be the best preventive of Indige tion. and the best remedy for all complaints and disorders of the stomach. 3. TAKE CARE that the tired feeling, "a little out of sorts " sensation, and irritability, does not indicate Liver trouble, leading to various painful symptoms, and resulting in Low SPIRITS and CONFIRMED MELANCHOLY.

REMEMBER that Gwirirm EVANS' BITTERS is the only CER- T-Am RELIABLE cure for Low SPIRITS and other Liver dis- orders.

4. TAXE CARE that your wife's weakness does not become " debility " ; that your husband's overwork does not lead to a complete breakdown ; that your -son's or your daughter's paleness does not betoken impoverished blood or other mis- chief, and that the "slight indisposition" may not be the forerunner of a serious illness. . .

GWILYM EVANS' QUININE Tharmis is the beet tonic yet discovered, and has been f aind to be invaluable in restoring lost strength, an.i. infusing new life and vigour into the weakened system. 5. TAKE CARE what medicine you take to cure yourself. The cheapest is *iEVER the best, but the best is ALWAYS the cheapest in the long run. 6. TAKE CARE that you accept no fraudulent IMITATIONS of GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS, Which are being offered, and pressed upon the public, with the object of de- ceiving them. The wonderful efficacy and unparalelled success of Gvmmi EVANS' BITTERS have caused many to try to imitate them, but unsuccessfully. This preparation still holds its own—as the " UNRIVALLED Torac REMEDY."

REMEMBER that every bottle of these Bitters has the name Owllam EVANS on lab 4, stamp, and bottle. Sold by all Chemists in Is. lid., 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. bottles. or carriage free, dieect from the Proprietors. QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING CO., LIMITED, Llanelly, South Wales.

American Depot: Mr. B. D. WILLIA.3fa, Plymouth. Penna.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAQISTRATES,

AN UNPROVED CHARGE OF POACHING. At the Warrington Borough Magistrates' Court, on Monday, Wm. Fogg., labourer, 15, Factory Yard, and Joseph Shaw, 28, Powys-st., were charged with being in possession of game in Knutsford-road, they being suspected of coming from land where they had been poaching. Mr. Browne appeared for the defendant. P.C.a. 23, and Newey gave evidence. About 7 p.m, on Sunday, January 22nd, they encountered the defend- ants in Knutsford-road, coming trom the direction of Thelwall or Grappenhall, with their pockets very buiky Newey searched Fogs and found a dead rabbit on him. Shaw walked away, and P.C. 2.3 overtook him and asked him what he had under his coat and be said "No- thing." Witness told him to unbutton his coat and waistcoat and found on him a live rabbit quite warm. The men had neither nets, sticks, nor guns, nothing but the rabbits themselves. They were very rough on be- ing taken into custody. The men's boots were covered with clay,- as if they had come from land.—Mr. Browne asked who had smashed Shaw's nose, which had been much damaged.—P.C. Newey: It might have been done with a stick.—Newey added that the men were associ- ates of poachers.—lnspector Spinks said when the pri- soners reached the station they had clay and rabbit fur on their clothes. They at first told him to find out where begot the rabbits, but afterwards said they had bought them of a man at Frodsham.—Mr. Browne said the case was a bad one under the information because there was no seizure of the rabbits the constables hav- ing not kept possession of the rabbits, but merely felt them in their pockets. They had been bought alive by the men at Frodsham, for 3s. 4d., and one of them was suffocated in Fogg's pocket.—The Magistrates' Clerk ruled that Mr. Brovvne's point was invalid. The cases, however, were dismissed.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

MONDAY. —Before the Mayor Alderman Greenall (in the chair), and Messrs. Monks, S. Wright, W. Pierpoint,

and J.„ W. Hayward. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—Susannah Green, in Milner- street, ma Saturday morning, discharged on promising to leave the town.—Michael Rowlands, in Parker-street, on Saturday night, similarly dealt with.—Charles Nash, was charged with being drunk and disorderly at Bank Quay Station, on Saturday night, and with assaulting the ticket collector, William Bennett, on the same occa- sion, and P.C.'s Clarke and Frank Cooper while being conveyed to the Bridewell.—The booking clerk said he refused the defendant a ticket because he was drunk, upon which he became most abusive, and afterwards struck the collector, who requested him to go.—The collector said the man told him if he could not get a ticket nobody else should have one. He threw down several times him and a constable, who came, and was very rough.—P.C.'s Clarke and Cooper also gave evi- dence, and Cooper said it took five of them to bring the man to the station. He was fined 103. and costs or 14 days' imprisonment ._Elizabeth Ellen Fleming, in Butter- market-street, on Saturday night, ss. and costs, or 7 days' imprisonment.—Patrick Creary, in Percival's Fold, I on Saturday night, ss. and costs, or? days' imprison- ment.—Michaei Knockton at the same place, the same night, ss. and costs. or the same alternative.—Thomas Froude, in Buttermarket-street, early on Saturday morning. He was stripped and fighting with another man, soon after midnight, ss. and costs. DRllNX.—Mathew Rossington, drunk in Wilderspool- road, on Saturday night, he having had to be brought to the station in a handcart, ss. or seven days' imprison- ment. DISORDERLY JUVENILES—Edward Dooney, Gilbert Berry, Robert Newall, Charles Houghton, John Lythgoe, Harry Marratt, Matthew Bate, and John William Bate, , all boys, had charges laid against them of being guilty of disorderly conduct on Tuesday afternoon. A police constable deposed that the lads were playing at football and making a great noise.—The Chief Constable said they were newspaper lads, and were having a game at football while waiting for their newspapers.—The charges against the two Bates's, who did not appear and were said to be in the Union, were withdrawn, and the other boys were dismissed on promising not to offend again.—Harry Edwards, Samuel and Richard Gallop, and Joseph Fillingham, all lads, were charged withplay- ing at shinty, to the danger of passengers, and tined ls. each. CRDINNYS ON FlRE.—Alfred Pritchard, manager for Messrs. Baker and Sons, Sankey-street, for allowing a chimney to be on fire on the 23rd of January, was fined

TUESDAY.—Before Mr. R. Garnett (in the chair), Dr. Starkey Smith and Mr. E. .1. Guest. DRUNKENNESS.—Catherine Browne for being drunk and incapable in Arpley-road the previous night fined 3s. and costs."—Annie Daley, a well known character, was sent to jail for one month for indecent and drunken behaviour in Hill-street. INSPECTOR RILEY'S CASES.—The following persons were dealt with at the instance of school attendance officer Riley, for neglecting to send their children regularly to school :—Francis Higgins, Tanners-lane ; William Barns, William-street; Henry Hough, Church-street. WEDNESDAY.—Before Messrs. J. Fairclough (in the chair), Geddes, Fleming and Alderman Wright. STEALING A RAZOR.—Edward Campbell, a youth from St. Helens, was sent to prison for 14 days for stealing a razor, the property of the military authorities, at Orford Barracks the previous day. From the evidence given it appeared that the prisoner endeavoured to enlist; but was rejected. He gained access to one of the mess rooms, and abstracted the article from the kit of a private named Edward Bamford. Was HE CoNvicren ori SUSPICION ?—George Donohue, a carter in the employ of Mr. Greenough, mineral water manufacturer, was charged with stealing three boxes of soda water, value 65., the property of his employer. From the evidence given it seemed that shortly before seven o'clock on Wednesday morning the foreman, Henry Shaw, went down to the end of the yard and saw pri- soner going into the storeroom. He followed, but lost sight of prisoner. Returning he went into the yard to where a vehicle laden with boxes of soda water was stationed. He found that one box was missing and on turning round he saw prisoner getting over a wall from Scotland-road. Shaw asked prisoner to get in the shafts ef the cart and help to pull it up the yard; but prisoner said he preferred to push behind. Shaw went to the shafts and then came suddenly back to the rear of the cart, when he saw prisoner thrusting two more boxes of soda water through a gap in some railings. He asked prisoner where the other box was, but he refused to state. Mr. Greenough was told of the affair, and pri- soner was given into custody.—Prisoner protested to the Bench that he did not know anything about the box.— The case was remanded until Thursday; but as nothing had been heard of the missing box in the meantime pri- sonerzas committed to prison for a month. HEwWAS Too AFFECTIONATE.—Thomas Leach, alias Conney, was charged with assaulting his wife, Nancy, on Tuesday evening.—P.C. Chrirnes stated that prisoner was thrashing his wife, and pulling her about the road at 4.50 on the night in question, opposite the Higher Angel Vaults.—Prisoner was so violent that he had to take him into custody. Prisoner's wife,who now appeared in court, denied that she had been assaulted, and said her husband was merely clasping her about the waist,as was his custom.—The Bench evidently thought it was not a commendable custom, and sentenced prisoner to 14 days' imprisonment. THURSDAY.—Before Alderman Chandley (in the chair), and Mr. James Fairclough. A DESERTER.—WaI. Henry Ragg was sent to prison for a month for absenting himself from the annual training of the Liverpool Militia, in which he was a private. SERIOUS CHARGE AGAINST A RAILWAY CARTER.— Robert Barlow, a carter on the London it North Western Railway was charged in custody with stealing 41 packets of soap from the Company's warehouse. The Chief constable asked for a remand to enable the police to make further investigations into the affair. A large number of pawntickets had been found on the prisoner, and it was suspected that they were for pledged goods belonging to the company. Evidence was given by Albert Wilson, foreman porter, proving that prisoner bad been discovered leaving the yard with the articles concealed in a bag-shaped apron which he wore.—Pri- soner was remanded until Saturday. AN UNSAVOURY BED.—Bernard Henneghan, a street arab, aged 16, was sent to prison for seven days as a vagrant. He had been discovered sleeping on a midden the previous night. PRlDAY.—Before Alderman Harrison in the chair), Alderman Wright, and Councillor H. Roberts. A PHILOSOPHIC VAGRANT.—Thomas Kennighan, a shoemaker, of no settled abode' was charged with fre- quenting an outhouse attached to the Old Crow Inn, Bridge-st.. at twelve o'clock the previous night. P.C, Jones, who proved the case,said that he received intima- tion that a tire had broken out at the Old Crow Inn. He went down there and observed that a portion of the outhouse had been on fire. He was about to leave when he heard sameone moving in the top loft. He endea- voured to get into the loft when he saw prisoner descend a hole and run into a yard behind the Fox Inn. The officer followed and arrested the prisoner, and charged him with frequenting the place for an unlawful purpose, viz., to commit a felony. The prisoner said" You can- not : felony means to steal ; you cannot prove that against me because there was nothing in the place to steal."—Further evidence was given, and then the pris- oner was lined ss. and costs or seven days' imprison- ment. A FAMILY SiELIABELB.—MatiIda Howarth,of Blue Coat- row, Winwick-road, was charged with assaulting her sister-in-law, Mary Harrison, of Wilde,rspool-road, on the 20th. A cross-summons was also out. The evidence showed that the affair was a squabble between the two women, chiefly because Mrs. Harrison's husband had left her, and was living with his sister, Mrs. Howarth,where Mrs. Harrison went to try and see him on the nigt.!- of the 26th. Both cases were dismissed.

DARESBURY PETTY SESSIONS.

TIIESDAY.—Before Messrs. W. L9ng (chairman), Henry

Neild, and the Hon. Hervey Talbot. ASLEEP ON His LllRRY.—Samuel Johnson, 8, Berry-st., was charged with riding asleep on his lurry on the 14th of January, at Appleton, and was fined 2s. 6d. CRUELTY TO HORSES. James Wilde, Brick Kiln Cottages, Runcorn, was charged by Inspector Dowty, R.S.P.C.A., with cruelly treating a horse, on the 20th of January. Mr. Dowty said the defendant had charge of the horse,which was attached to two boats very heavily laden with coal being drawn through the canal. The water was covered with very thick ice, which was only just broken, and the horse was struggling with its load, and on account of the ice and of there being a strong head wind blowing, was hardly able to drag the load. en the near shoulder of the horse there was an *ld wound re-opened, the size of a two-shilling-piece.—The defendant had to pay costs.—Joseph Hignett, Duke-st., Runcorn, was charged with a similar offence, on the same date. Inspector Dowty said the horse was draw- ing boats on the canal.and was suffering from a diseased fetlock,and ringbone,and from very great inflammation, and was quite unfit for work. The horse had been des- troyed, and the defendant was dismissed, having to pay costs.—Richard Jeffs, of Grappenhall, was charged with causing a horse to be cruelly treated, by being worked while in an unfit state, on the 16th of January, and Thomas Overbury, of Grappenhall, was charged with working the animal. The horse had been destroyed. Jeffs was fined 2s. 6d. and costs, and the other man was dismissed.—Edward Filkins, boatman, for working a horse while in an unfit state, on the 20th of January, on the canal at Walton, was fined 4s. 6d. Gam? TRESPASS.—John Barnes, late lodger at No. 2 hut, Acton Grange, was charged with trespassing on December 26th, on land in the occupation of Thomas Henry Lyon, in search of conies.—A constable stated that the defendant did not leave the road, but his dog brought a rabbit off the land, and he picked it up and put it into his pocket.—Fie was fined 25. 6d. and costs. John Basden, No. 9 but, Acton Grange, was charged with trespassing on the 19th of January at Preston Brook, on land occupied by Joseph Whitlow, in search of game. Mr. Jenkins appeared for the prosecution.—A gamekeeper proved the case and said he saw three men, with a dog each, on the land, driving the field, and they

took a hare. He pursued them and took Basden out of the Stag public-house.--The defendant was fined 10s. and costs.—Richard Morris was charged with trespassing in search of game on the 11th of January, on land occupied by WiUiam Brereton, and belonging to Sir G. Greenall.—Mr. Jenkins prosecuted.—A gamekeeper stated that the defendant was with six or seven other ship canal men on the land, and they had a net with them.—The defendant was fined 10s. and costs.—Wm. Thompson, of Warrington, was charged with trespassing in search of game,on the 14th of January,on the land,on the Moss Side plantation, of Sir G. Greenall. Mr. Jenkins prosecuted. The defendant had set seven snares, and had on him three pegs and a nail to make holes with.—He was fined 103. and costs.—Benjamin Ogden, ship canal man, was charged with trespassing on the 22nd of January, in search of game, en land at Acton Grange, occupied by Thomas Ball and owned by Sir G. Greenall.—Mr. Jenkins appeared for the prosecution.- 10s. and costs. CARRYING A GUN WITHOUT A LICHNCI4.—Tom Barber, was charged with carrying a gun without a licence on the 7th of Nov. at Grappenhall. Be threatened to blow P.C. Millington'.s brains out with his gun if he did not stand back, on his demanding his license. He was fined 20.5. and costs. DASUOING A WIN-BOR.—A POOR CASE. —Frank Mill- ington, butcher, of Stretton, was charged with unlaw- fully damaging the window of James Howard, Whitley, on the 14th of Decernher.—Mr. Browne defended. The complainant gave evidence as to the damage to the window and Thos. Wilkinson was then called. He said he and defendant were coming home to Stretton, and on the way Millington said he would smash a window, and witness remonstrated with him, but he would do so. Witness said "Then let me get away if you are going to do that trick" and he went away about 50 yards. Then he heard Howard's window smashed, and the defendant came and jumped on his shoulders" like to knock him down," and said "I've done it."—Witness in answer to Mr. Browne admitted that he had had three pints, and that he did not see the window smashed. He denied having said he never heard it smashed.—Mr. Browne said his client declared that he never smashed the window, and there was no evidence to prove that he did. Here was a drunken man who admitted that he had three pints of beer before walking on with the defendant, and he walked on with him till they got to the lane end, where Millington stood talking to some cousins of his. Wilkin- son was in front, and when Millington overtook him he found him sitting in the snow in the middle of the road, singing. He (Mr. Browne) could prove that Wilkinson had over and over again said he never saw Millington smash the window or knew he had done it. There was no case to answer,—The Bench dismissed the case.

WARRINGTON COUNTY SESSIONS. WEDNESDAY.—Before Messrs. W. H. Bleckley and U. R.

Armitage. DELTNICENNESS.—WiIIiam Knowles, of Croft, John Kelley, Burtonwood, William Bray, of Rixton, were each fined for drunkenness. Too LONG LINGERING, LOVERS.—Rebecca Bond, a domestic servant to Alderman Francomb, J.P., was summoned for having on the 18th January, attempted to get in a train whilst it was in motion at Great Sankey Station, on the Cheshire Lines Railway. Evidence was given in the case to show that the defendant visited her sweetheart at Sankey, and he accompanied her to the railway bridge. She went with the intention of catch- ing the 9.30 train but was still lingering with her lover when the " iron horse "entered the station. She bade him a hasty farewell and" bolted" down the station steps to the platform. The train was then in motion, but nothing daunted the girl leaped on the footboard and tried to enter one of the carriages. She lost her foothold and fell to the ground where she was picked up by a Miss Ellis, in a slightly injured condition. The C.L.C. had taken up a prosecution on account of this, and were represented by Mr. P. Davies. The defendant, who pleaded not guilty,was represented by Mr. Browne. —Mr. Davies brought evidence to prod° the foregoing facts ; but Mr. Browne contended that the train was not in motion when the girl tried to enter the carriage, and that the Company had only brought on the proSecution on account ot a claim made by his client for damages.— The Bench inflicted a fine of is. and Us. costs.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
RICH, PURE, AND FRAGRANT IS. ec Is. 4d. PER LB.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
UPTON'S

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1893.

WIDNES PETTY SESSIONS.

FRlDAT.—Before Messrs. J. C. Gamble and J. Birchall. DRUNKENNESS—MichaeI Burk, Peter Turner, William Moran, Henry Jones, and Patrick McCabe were each fined for drunkenness. ST. HELENS BOYS AND WARRINGTON CAM/S.—Five boys from St. Helens named William Whyatt (17), William Johnson (15), John Crabb (13), Philip Murkie (14), and Joseph Broadwick (13), were charged with stealing a number of cakes from a boy named Hassal, of Bostock- street Warrington. The boy, who was employed by Mr. Allen, baker, Parker-street, was in Warrington-road, Bold, when the four defendants came to him. He was than carrying a basket of cakes. The defertdants threatened to kill him and throw him into a ditch if he did not give them some cakes. He gave them three but they stole more from his basket,and ran away: P.C.Foster was informed of the affair and overtook the youths at Sutton. Whyatt and Johnson were fined ss. each, and , the other prisoners were ordered to be birched. STEALING TIMBER.—Ann Wilson, 13 years of age was charged with stealing a quantity of wood value is. 6d. from the Widnes United Alkali Co. ; and Mary Walton, her mother, was charged with aiding and abetting her, From the evidence given by James Wilson, one of the company's watchmen, it appeared that both defendants came to some drainage work which was being constructed by the company, on Tuesday night. The mother was seen to point out to the girl several pieces of timber which were lying about, and the girl at her instigation picked them up and took them home to Widnes Old Marsh. The Bench discharged the girl and fined the mother 13s. or in default seven days' imprisonment.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS. MONDAY.—Before Sir Richard Brooke, Bart., and Mr. A.

Thomas.

DRIINERNNESS.—Henry Brom and Mary Dalman, were each fined ss. and costs for this offence. NEGLECT Or FAMILY.—Henry Worrall, cab washer, for Mr. Lea, Widnes, was summoned for neglecting his wife Annie and family. It appeared that the woman and her two children lived at Runcorn with the mother of the former' and the defendant had not contributed to their support for four months.—The Bench ordered the defendant to pay 7. 6d. a week, and the costs 10s. 6d. TRANSFER. —The license of the Boathouse Inn, Mersey- at., was transferred from Thomas Finegan to Arthur Hewitt.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL,

Secretaries of Football Clubs are requested to note that reports of matches played on Saturday must be sent to the head office, Bewsey-street. Warrington, not later than ten o'clock on Wednesday morning.

CRICKETERS should procure the 1893 Pocket Diary and Companion published by GEO. G. BUSSEi& CO. It is full of information, and has the requirements of an ordinary Diary. Leather bound, gilt edges, post 'free 6d., from the Sports Manufactory, Peckham Rye, London.

RUGBY. WARRINGTON v. LANCASTER. This return match was played at Lancaster on Satur- day afternoon. The first game hal resulted in an easy victory for our local club, and the consistent good form displayed since pointed to them as being the probable . .

winners in the last match. But the " glorious uncer-

tainty " made its appearance, and Warrington in the

end were defeated by a dropped goal and a try to a try. A more wretched exhibition can scarcely be conceived.

Rough scrambling, forward play, accompanied by shady tactics, prevailed throughout the seventy minutes played, and the otiicial who had charge of the affairs, displayed his incompetency by allowing the Lancaster combination to proceel in their unlawful tactics wtih- out a word of reproach. _ _ _ . .

Winniqg the toss, Ashton played down the slope, facing a stiffish breeze. Turner failing to return Gibson's kick-off,the Lancaster men were soon in the ascendency, a free kick to Warringion bringing about a slight relief. Thompson and Webster exchanged kicks with no dis- tant advantage to either, and then Warrington wheeled a scrimmage, only to find that for their smartness they were penalized. Heesom frustrated a movement between Danby and Blea.sdale, but a forward rush, headed by Thompson and Kitchen, was neatly saved by Rarnes. Rough forward play claimed attention for a consider- able period, but a sharp passing bout by Evans, Bate, and Heesom tended to relieve the monotony. Berry, Holmes, and Thorniley were foremost in a dribbling movement, but a clever bit of play by Cowell and Bleas- dale sent Watrington back to their lines. Nevins and Jolley dribbled away, and Danby saved; whilst Bleas- dale had a shot ta goal, Barnes clearing. Nevins was again a conspicuous party,.and one determined effort reached the half-way. Evans intercepted a pass, but failed to travel far,the tackling being of a severe nature. Heesom spoiled Bleasdale when the Lancaster centre had a fine opening, but he preferred a drop,and a minor only was recorded. Uninteresting play followed the drop-out, Turner and Jolley in a rush leading up to Warrington invading. Again Lancaster returned to the attack, and this time some tall kicking took place between Webster and Bleasdale, the latter piloting across to Barnes, who failed to account for the ball, and Kitchen, and the litter ,scored. Bleasdale appar- ently placed a neat goal, but for some unaccountable. reason only the try was allowed. Warrington from the drop-out began to have a trifle the best of it, and after Jolley, Berry, and Teare had shown up well, the former in conjunction with Turner set up a permanent attack. Ashton got finely away from die line-out, and when Pressed passed across to Heesoin, but the fatal whistle ruled the transfer faulty, and a capital chance was des- troyed. Soon after half-time was called, with Lancaster leading by a try: Oa resuming the second half, the Warringtonians, aided by the elements, soon began to make matters warm for their antagonists. However, there was little regard for combination, and with the players excited above concert pitch, the several move- ments lacked the neat finish which are usually turned to account. Lancaster early on forced a minor, but from the drop-out Warrington pressed finely, and Boscow being to the fore with a fine kick, Nevins, Jolley, Ashton and Holmes forced Cowell to concede a minor. Turner ran finely soon after the drop-out, and prepared to pass when hen he reached the home custodian with bad results, for Lancaster relieved, and Thompson and Garth reached the half-way flag. Bate and Evans, des- pite the strict attention that was bestowed on them, got the oval away on one occasion, but the effort came to nought. Bate next dribbled with effect, and a pretty display of cross dribbling by Holmes, Bite, and Heesom saw the latter crossing over to Barnes, but Turnes failed with the difficult place. Lancaster, by forward play, reached the Warrington lines-once more, and after some exciting play in front of the Warrington posts, Garth dropped a smart goal. With this substantial lead the hornesters laid themselves out to prevent the locals from scoring, and shady tactics were adopted until the call of time, rendering the game hardly worthy of notice. Final result—Lancaster, a dropped goal and a try (six points) to Warrington a try (two points). Teams :—Warrington : J. Boscow, full back ; H. Webster, J. Heesom, and T. Barnes, three-quarter backs ; J. Berry, H. Teare, T. Donohue, J. lhorniley, W. Nevins, Fair. Turner, J. Holmes, H. Ashton (captain) and J. Jolley, forwards. Lancaster : Cowell, full back ; J. Lambert, W. Bleasdale (captain), and C.K. Thompson, three-quarter backs ; W. Garth. and C. Danby, half backs ; J. Lofthouse, E. B. Thompson. 3. B. Kitchen. J. Pinch, E. Caster, T. Gibson, C. Gibson, J. Herbert, and A. Garnett, forwards.

WARRINGTON " A " V. ;LANCASTER " A.' —A strong wind was blowing across the Wilcierspool enclosure when Lancaster commenced, and they at once worked their way in close proximity to the home goal. Monks, Eden, and Edwards caused the invaders to beat a hasty retreat, and a useful kick by Potts took the warfare further into the Lancaster lines, where Massey, from a pass by Lally, almost dropped a goal. Molyneux then exhibited useful work, some long exchange kicking beisig to Warrington's advantage. After one or two powerful raids and an eagerness on both sides, which accounted for several mistakes, Young got away finely down the field into the home quarter. Then Lancaster were penalized, but it was left to Massey to regain the lost advantage. A couple of fine bouts of passing by Hampson, Smith, Lawless, and Potts ensued, but the determined efforts of Redhead and Hartley foiled the attackers. Warrington here reissed a chance, and Gar- diner with a long kick transferred the scene of opera- tions to more desirable quarters. Redhead pulled up his antagonists and punted to Massey, who returned and followed up so swiftly that Hartley was almost too late in conceding a minor. Not for long did play stay in this vicinity, for some neat passing by the visiting backs almost resulted in Redhead scorixg, and the whistle blew for half time with a clear seore sheet. Warrington restarted energetically, Edwards gaining a lot of ground by charging a kick, and tackling Young at the quarter- flag. This was followed by Lawless and Potts putting in a neat piece of play, but Lancaster cleared again, Ashurst being tackled near centre. Strong runs by Gardiner and Redhead caused the play to settle near the home line, and for a time danger looked threatening. The Warrington forwards were, however, playing splendidly together, quick close packing and wheeling of the scrimmages being especially well executed, and a dashing dribble by Davies, Eden, Bailey, and Hampson transferred the warfare to midfield. Here Redhead was tackled, and after Massey had smanly scooped up the leather and ran down the touch, a scramble resulted in Lawless scoring. A grand bit of play by Lawless was supplemented by Randles, Bailey, Davies, and Molyneux putting in some Selling work, and Smith passing neatly to Potts, the latter rushed in. A fine dribble by Jones was foiled by Ashurst, a series of long kicking between the rival backs following. Again Lawless showed his smartness, and the splendid cohesion exhibited by the Warrington forwards caused Lancaster an anxious time of it. Another vigorous run by Potts ended in this player securing a fine try. Succesa did not end here, as

===== 0002601_18930204_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
a clear cross dribble gave the visitors something to do to defend their citadel, and with hostilities clustering in the 25 Lally got hold, and by one of his inimitable runs scored near the posts. The place, like its predecessors, failed, and Warrington won by 0-4-4 to nil. RUNCORN v. BROUGHTON RANGE RS .—This return fixture was played at Runcorn, before 3,000 spectators. Both sides suffered through absentees,the Rangers having four of their usual team off. Runcorn won the toss, and electing to play with the wind, things were made lively for the Rangers, but judicious passing by the backs en abled them to clear, and play was transferred to the other end, where Houghton relieved finely. Gradually the ball was worked to midfield, where a series of scrim- mages took place. The Rangers, however, Worked back, and Worsley getting possession dropped a goal for the visitors. This roused Runcorn, and play became faster. From a mark Crompton kicked a goal. Resuming, the Rangers were kept well on the defensive, Runcorn hav- ing hard luck‘•on several occasions. Crompton and Houghton put in some useful work for the home team, but eventually the ball was worked back to midfield, where, after a short interval, it was transferred to the Rangers' line. Runzorn were severely pressing when half-time was called, with the score one goal each. On changing ends,Runcorn went away with a rush,Cromp- ton being particularly noticeable with some splendid passing, from which the same player secured a try, the kick at goal proving abortive. Continuing, the home team still had the best of it, but Wild with a good run relieved. Jennings and Woods were instrumental in some further pressing, but good passing by Runcorn again transferred. More scrimmaging was indulged in, until, the ball was got into the loose, Runcorn again pressed, and Robinson made a good run and scored, Crompton proving successful at goal. Resuming, play raged at midfield, but the home team played stronger, and had always the best of matters. Time was called with the score as follows :—Runcorn,two goals one try ; Rangers, one goal. WIDNES v. Sr. Heums.—The above teams met on Saturday, on the Lowerhouse-lane ground, before about 5,000 spectators. As the Saints had a very good record for this season, additional interest and enthusiasm was added to the game, which proved a very tight one throughout. The continual scrimmaging, however, which was witnessed considerably marred the pleasure of the contest. The visitors started the leather, and at once pressed. Clarke relieved somewhat; Kenyon here made a smart run for the Saints, but Brennan floored him in a determined manner. After close play had taken place about midfield, Alforde picked up, and passed to Barber, who handed to Clarke, with the result that the oval was once more in the visitors' quarters,but was soon returned, the game being centred for some time in a very dangerous position. Several scrimmages ensued near the home defence, but eventually Brennan relieved, and once more play was well out in the field, when Dockerty got possession, and ran well up, but was grounded in the nick of time. A few minutes after- wards 4 neat attempt was made at drop goal, but the effort iled. At the kick out play was very even, but still scrimmages were the order of the day. Brownbill got away and forced the home men, who were, however, equal to the occasion. Clarke put in a neat kick, and improved the home position. Alforde picked UD and passed to Barber, who put his kick in but rendered the ball geed. A few moments afterwards half time was called, neither side having scored. On play being re- sumed the home boys worked up bravely, Barb3r mak- ing himself conspicuous for a smart run. Very keen and exciting play followed, neither side apparently hav- ing much advantage, when Dockerty collared the leather from a scrimmage, and got safely home, Foulkes landing the ball nicely over the bar. The game after this was of a most determined character, and although the home- sters were hard pressed, they stuck to their ground well, but were unable to score. The final result was St. Helens five points ; Widnes nil. WARRINGTON RANGERS v. Sr. MAR f'S. —Fully 600 persons assembled on the ground of. the first-named on Saturday to witness the first meeting of the clubs in the above competition. A capital contest resulted, the exhibition being much above the ordinary given by junior organizations. Throughout the seventy minutes played, skilful tactics were the order, and whilst there was an eagerness displayed, never an action bordered on roughness. The Saints' superior knowledge of fhe code gained them the day, a try being scored each half by Burton and Rutter respectively. This success places the Saints on a 13vel with the Parish 'Church, but the latter claim precedence with the better scoring quali- ties.

RUNCORN A. V. BROUGHTON RANGERS A.—The Runcorn engagement between these teams took place at Brough- ton, on Saturday, before a considerable number of spectators. The home team was strongly represented, whilst the visitors were short of several of their usual players. The first half was evenly contested and half time score was :—Runcorn 2 minors, Rangers nil. After- wards Green and Dunbavand scored tries, and the game ended Runcorn 1 goal, 1 try, 2 minors ; Rangers nil.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

WARRINGTON V. WiN—N-I-NG-T-O-N-P-AR- K.—Played at Arpley on Saturday. Warrington played six reserve men, and winning the toss started play with the wind slightly in their favour. For some time the game was very vigor- ous, each side trying hard to gain the upper hand. The Warringtonians, who were in excellent form, soon made tracks for the visitors' goal, and from an exciting scrim- mage, T. Mather notched the first point of the match. The visitors' front rank now livened up, and after some hard play equalized. The game had scarcely been resumed, when the home forwards getting possession raced away, M. Pierpoint putting on the finishing touch, the visitors' goalkeeper not having the least chance. Just before half-time Winnington put on a second goal, the result then being two all. On resuming operations the visitors at once took the ball to the Warrington quarterflag, but S. Pierpoint from a nice pass 4ribble4 the length of the field, and passing to RadfOrd that player banged the leather through in grand style. The play which followed this burst was of an even character, and up to a quarter of an hour of time nothing further was scored. Then the visitors playing with great energy put on two goals, the result at time being—Winnington Me goals ; Warrington three. WARRINGTON RESERVE ORFORD ORBSCHNT.—This match was played on the ground of the latter OR Satur- day, in boisterous weather. Warrington kic.ked off against a stiff wind which was blowing from goal to goal. Play settled in mid-field for a short time, when the homesters found an outlet, and taking a good oppor- tunity kept up the pressure. but could not get in. The game now became very fast, each goal being visited. Half-time arrived with the score—Crescent, one goal; Warrington, nil. Changing ends, Warrington went down in combined style, and made numerous attempts to score, Jones conceding several corners. Bonser sent in a warm shot, which was cleared for a moment, only to be taken through by Gillhooly immediately. Jones kicked off again, and Brooked sent the ball well over to the left, Mather taking it well down the field, but failed to score. The honiesters now made a desperate attack on the visitors' goal, Ball sending in a good shot, which was cleared by Bennett. After this attack the War rington lads played a little more combined, and penned the Crescent in their own half. Mather sent the ball over from the left to the right, when Brookes made a good bid at goal, the ball striking the crossbar. Bonser scored immediately afterwards, and at the call of time Warrington were leading by two goals to one.

WARRINGTON CRICKET CLUB V. MANCHESTER WAN- DERERS.—PIayed at Old Trafford on Saturday. The Cricket Club kicked off against a strong wind. Play was at first even, both ends being visited in turn. At length, however, the Wanderers scored'. Soon after this Reid had hard lines in not scoring for the Cricket Club, and Hoare, too, put in a good shot, which very nearly

scored. The Wanderers, however, got down again, and again scored. The Cricket Club, after a bit of neat pass- ing in front of goal, at length scored, but the Wanderers retaliated, the score at half time being three to one in their favour. After the kick off the Cricket Club had all the game, but their shooting was execrable, shot after shot going wide of the mark. Twice only did they man- age to score out of innumerable chances. The Wan- derers managel to score one more goal, and were returned the winners of a very pleasant game by four goals to three. The Cricket Club goals were scored by Reid, Barlow, and F. Williamson. Kenyon, at half back, also played a very good game. WARRINGTON G. S. VERSUS PRNICRTH RESERVE.—The return fixture between these two clubs was played at Penketh on Saturday. The first match resulted in a win for the School by 4 go3ls to 3. The School was again victorious, winning after a tight game by 2 goals to 1. Dendy and Picton scored for the School.

RED after one rubbing with St. Jacobs Oil,", is the report we receive from people every day. Then why suffer the aches and pains from rheumatism and gout, sprains and bruises, when St. Jacobs Oil can be had from any chemist's shop? -Why do we dose ourselves with a lot of medicine which upsets the entire system, and many times does great harm, in a vain attempt to cure rheumatism which can be treated by the outward application of St. Jacobs Oil, which penetrates at once to the seat of the disease and removes the cause of pain without interfering with the functional arrangements of the body? It should be remembered that the appli- cation of St. Jacobs Oil can do us no possible harm, but thal It acts

; on the other hand it removes pain immediately., Like magic. It is safe, sure, and never-failing

THE SHIP CANAL.

A SATISFACTORY PREDICTION. The Manchester City Council on Wednesday approved a resolution giving the Ship Canal Committee power to take such steps as they might think proper in relation b 0 the bills before Parliament relative to the Ship Canal undertaking. Sir John Harwood said it was of the ut- most importance that the slight difference which existed at present between the Corporation and the Ship Canal Company, chiefly with regard to .representation, should be harmonised, if possible, before the bill got into the committee. They would want money to carry on. The, works were proceeding rapidly, and as satisfactorily as rapidly, and he was glad to say that when they got the report of the last six months' working it would inspire confidence in the minds of everybody who had to do with the Ship Canal. He believed it would be veil gratifying to the shareholders especially to know that the time was now thcught to be in view when there would be ships coming to Manchester, bringing the pro- duce of all lands. They were very anxious to see tll3t ' day, and anxious that the hopes and aspirations of the persons who put their money into this undertaking might be to some extent, at all events, realised. STORAGE ACCOMMODATION FOR SHIP CANAL TRAFFIC. I Mr. Marshall Stevens has issued a circular in which I he states that he is engaged in the preparations of a list of warehouses, mills, Scc., which are available ill the district for the storage of merchandise, and he asks that information may be sent to him with regard to properties which could be utilised for the storage of oversea traffic, stating the position, and showing the means and cost of access from the Ship Canal and docks, whether by water or by road. The question of the provision of necessary warehouse accommodation. Mr. Stevens adds, is now a very pressing one, and he desires that information should be sent to him as e trly as possible.

BARGES FOR THE CANAL. Messrs. Gilchrist and Co., of Queen's Dock, Liverpool, have launched at Salford Docks two steel barges, 106f1. long by 1811. beam, for Ship eanal work. These are the first of twelve which they are building; others are com- pleted, and the remainder are well on towards comple- tion. The first named is therefore the first to build and launch vessels in Manchester. ' A HULL SHIPOWNER'S VIEWS. At a meeting of the Hull Chamber of Commerce Mr. C. H. Wilson, M.P., said that in Hull they had alwaye considered that they had a great advantage in being able to keep trade there in consequence of the high charges of Liverpool. At Liverpool, through the dirn- inution of trade, and its further prospective diminution through the opening of the Manchester Ship Canal, those charges were being reduced yearly, and the continn.ed reduction of such charges must attract increased ship- ments to the port and operate prejudicially to the inter- ests of Hull. Having a vital interest in the trade of Hull, and having done something to increase it—(hea.r, hear),—he knew that almost every trade in Hull was In a position of peril at the present time. The reasotle were the competition ef Goole, of Grimsby, and of ports , connected with railways. And no they had the almost immediate prospect of the Manchester Ship Canal being opened. When the Canal wee opend the rivalry to Hull would be so dangerous that he confessed ha wool(' be very much alarmed. There would be a great, struggla between the east and west coasts, and it was exceed' ingly questionable whether Hull could retain this trade. They were told that there was to he a large inerease coal shipments when the South Yorkshire coalfield w"e!I developed, but nearly every trading place in their ee'" liery district was much nearer to Manchester than 50 Hull. Leeds, Wakefield, Dewsbury, Barnsley. Sheffle,ld, —all were nearer to Manchester than to Hull. viltu the disappearance of the dual control at the Hull dal money would be spent in the town, more facilities woul be afforded, and the expenses of managing would be e° reduced that they would ba able to fight more power,' fully against the opposition of the Manchester Ship Cane ' The hon. gentleman, in giving illustrations of the oar petition of other ports with Hull, said that at Saltper" one of the new ports now opened on Use ManchestAt Ship Canal,the rate of freight from Hamburg was ss. Wl' .whilst to Hull it was 6s. Bcl._

> t .e.0*.,?,g, .' . , ' ''' .1'.,'.1;•,-4,;!.'",7,'",- - ~::: if , 1 4.11 II ‘itlitt ( -'•-).• .\ 11 11111'47 1 th,-.," ..),..Al.'_ ,',.!,#„-', ‘ \ I • 1 ' lil I)1 .. :''''l ?*:6 1k,?t*.,!'.,,,1 ANIV-r!'W.4l*' • .".... -'''''' i ' i •,•:Vi'' '''''',:''..lrl.,!!': • ' It>,s I 1 '..1 .'?''!".. '7.)';.'",%:', ":"..'•.''.'ililN ~agi 'lliiv ~..-4,'' r (

===== 0002601_18930204_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
DEDICATION OF ST. PAUL'S PAROCHIAL ROOM, WIDNES.

The service of opening and dedicating the new parochial room in connection with St. Paul's Church, Widnes, was performed on Monday after- noon by the Bishop of Liverpuol (Dr. Ryle). The building has no pretensions to -,architectual beauty in its outward aspect, the style being known as the Free Renaissance. The materials used in its con- struction are common brick, and local red sand- stone dressing. In the interior the building is arranged with a central ball, planked on each side with five classrooms, divided by curtains, and these classrooms can thus be thrown together to form one large hall, capable of seating about 600 persons. There are also committee rooms provided, and at the west end there is a space set apart for infants. The place is well lighted and ventilated, and the floor is laid with " silent " wood blocks. Hot water pipes are used for heating the building. Mr. Paul Ogden, King-st., Manchester, was the architect, and Messrs. Sayce and Randle, contractors, the builders. A large company assembled on Monday afternoon. The Bishop presided, and on the platform were the Revs. G. H. Garrett (vicar), J. Wright Williams (Farnworth), Dr. Preston (Runcorn), Dr. Garrett (Manchester), Gibson Smith (Halewood), J. R. Glover (St. Ambrose), R. Micklejohn and W. Stanton Jones (Parish Church), Messrs. J. Brock, J.P., aud H. Wade Deacon, J.P. After a hymn had been sung, the Vicar offered a prayer, and the Rev. J. Wright Williams read a portion of scripture. The Bishop in declaring the building open,delivered a speech. He said such rooms had proved of immense benefit for parish work, and he sincerely trusted that one would be of lasting benefit to the people of Widnes. Since he was appointed Bishop of Liverpool, twelve years ago, he had always taken a great interest in Widnes, for many rea- sons—first because Widnes was the first part of the diocese he saw after his appointment, and also because it was one of the most hard-working towns he knew. fie had opened a good many mission rooms similar to the one in which they were assembled, and they all did a vast amount of good amongst the working class population. He would advise everyone of their clergy- men not to rest until they had got one of these rooms. He was one of those who advocated short services in their churches, independent of the Sunday services, hut there were many things which they could not do in a church and which made such rooms indispensable for church work.—Mr. H. Wade Deacon in moving a vote of thanks to his lordship, said they were much obliged to the Bishop for the great interest he had taken in Widnes, and he (Mr. Deacon) trusted that room would be a benefit to all the people of Widnes and not only to church people. They were all glad to welcome the Noncon- formist friends who had attended that ceremony.—Mr. Brock seconded the motion, which was carried unani- mously.—The Vicar announced that he had received a letter of apology for non-attendance from Mr. T. Sutton Timmis. who enclosed a cheque for £2O towards the collection, which amounted to £3B 10s.—In the evening a public meeting was held in the Parochial room under the presidency of the Vicar,and there was a good attend- ance.—Mr. F. Neil, treasurer, stated that the total amount raised was £2,442. of which £2,321 had been expended, but the room required furnish- ing, and for this purpose £650 was needed. Mr. Wade Deacon, the chairman of the Build- ing Committee was anxious that the debt should be cleared off within twelve months, and to aid them to do this he had promised £lOO and Mr. Stewart Deacon had offered £3O. (Applause.) They had thus had a good beginning and he hoped they would have a good ending. (Applause.) Speeches were delivered by the Rev. J. Wright Williams, the Rev. J. W. Willink (St. Helens), and Mr. R. Lewis. The latter gentleman re- ferring to the debt, said the Tin:misses. Gossages, and Deacons were always giving, but a great many large fortunes had been taken out of Widnes. He did not know whether it was not possible to draw up a list of men who had taken thousands of pounds out of Widnes. Was it not possible to catch them even yet and ask them to wipe off the debt on that room? He thought they might assist in the work and thus perpetuate their memories, which were now in danger of dying out.— During the evening part songs, Sm., were rendered by St. Mary's glee party and Mr. C. Bate, and at the con- clusion of the proceedings votes of thanks were passed to the speakers and others who had assisted, on the motion of Mr. S. Deacon seconded by Mr. D. Brookes.— The collection realized £4 17s. Bd. --co.— THE MAYBRICK AGITATION.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
A REBUFF.

. The Central News states that, with reference to a let- ter from the Baroness do Rogues asking permission for Sir Spencer Wells to visit Mrs. Maybrick at Woking, the following reply has been sent from the Home Office :—"I am directed by the Secretary of State to inform you that your daughter is under careful medical observation,and that as it wonld be contrary to practice to comply with your request, he must decline to grant the permission you desire.—Your obedient servant, GODFREY LUSAING- TON." The Governor of the Woking Prison has also notified the Baroness de Rogues, adds the Central News, that as Mrs. Maybrick's life is no longer in danger, the , rules cannot be relaxed to permit visits.

A Local Government Board inquiry was held at Southport on Wednesday, with reference to an applica- tion by the Corporation to be allowed to borrow £22,000 for the purposes of foreshore improvement.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
T

NO 1113111111'S rnorin TO PAT.

ri PER LB. WORLD CAN PRODUCE. 1 s %-ds. • No Higher Price.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FINEST TEA THE

THE BUSINESS OF PARLIAMENT.

-- THE INTRODUCTION OF THE HOME RULE Bl- The Press Association says it is now quite settled WO Mr. Gladstone will not introduce his Irish Home B 1 Bill on Monday next, as originally announced, and it „. almost equally certain that the right hon. gentlenSlo will not have an opportunity of doing so on any dal next week. Owing to the great number of applications receile. for seats in the members' gallery on the d% of the re, troduction of the Home Rule Bill the Spea er haS cided that the seats should be allotted by a ballet,wh_wi will be held in one of the committee rooms at W"

;ILI,.

o'clock on Wednesday afternoon next.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
DISASTROUS FIRE IN IRELAND.

A TOWN IN FLAMES. The Central News Tralee correspondent teleg7o that a disastrous fire occurred on Wednesday niighibst the town of Killorglen, and fears were entertained the whole town would be destroyed. The fire br7o out in some thatched houses, and a telegraph n3e014_5. was received by the Town Commissioners of Tralee ing for help, and stating that unless aid was setould whole town which contains a population of 4,000 be destroyed.

CONCEALING SMALLPDX IN A

LODGING-H OUSE.

• MEDICAL MEN PREFER THE NEW FORM OF

OATH.

At the Warrington Borough Court, on Monday Morning, before Mr. F. Monks (chairman), and Messrs. W. Pierpoint, J. W. Hayward, and S.Wright, James Daley, lodging-house keeper, 37, Scotland- road, was charged that he did not send notice to the Medical Officer of Health that one Peter Daley, his son, was suffering from an infectious disease. Mr. J. Lyon Whittle, Town Clerk, appeared for the Prosecution, and Mr. Forshaw for the defence. The Town Clerk said that Peter Daley was found by the Medical Officer in the defendant's house, suffering from the tat stage of smallpox, and in such a state as to be capable of spreading the disease. His (the Town Clerk's) contention was that this man had wilfully con- cealed the case in his house. There was reason to be- lieve that seven cases were traceable to this case. Mr. Norman was sent to make enquiry, and the defendant Pointed to an inner room as that in which his son had been kept. Nothing less than imprisonment would be an adequate penalty for this offence. It was his duty to give notice as soon as he became aware that persons Were suffering from infectious disease in his house. If ne could prove he was not aware, that was a good defence, but there had been several cases in the house from time to time, and a reasonably, careful man Would have given notice upon any signs of sickness Occui ring. Dr. Gornall, Medical Officer of Health, was then called,and at his request was sworn with uplifted hand. The Magistrates' Clerk read to him the following oath, Which he repeated afterwards elevating his right hand: "" I, John Hankinson Gornall, do swear by God Him- self, as I shall answer to him at the great Day of Judg- ment, that the evidence I shall give to the court touch- ing the matter in question, shall be the truth, the whole tenth, and nothing but the truth." The witness then ,deposed that on the morning 'of January 24th, 14 consequence of a note he received from his aon, he went to the defendant's lodging-house, !tad found Peter Daley in the last stage of srnallpox,that in which desquammation was going on. He ordered him to be taken to the smallpox hospital, where he was at the present time. He was in such a state in the lodging hoUSe as to be dangerous to other people. Witness had received no n.tice irons the defendant. It was in con- sequence of other cases occurring the previous week that visit was made to the defendant's house. He was quite satisfied that other cases were traceable to this case—By kr. Forshaw : Be should say that case was six weeks Old. The usual period was from 28 days up to 70. He believed the man had never had a bath this year or last. • John Guest Gornall, son of the last witness, and Innior medical officer, who was sworn in the same man- Liler as his fathci, saki about midnight on January 23rd, ~,no visited the house with Inspector Spinks, and found reter Daley there. He was about the first person he came across. He was in the desquammating stage of the nonflueut variety ot smallpox, the most severe variety 11' the disease ; and in a condition to spread it. He had never been vaccinated. There were now seven cases in the hospital, which witness believed could be attributed to this one.—Ralph Norman said on January 24th, he Went to the lodging-house after Peter Daley had been ved, and was shown a room adjoining the theatre as rSt in which be had slept. The defendant said This ▪ Where I have kept him since he came back from Mr. Forshaw submitted that the prosecution had not Oven their case, because they had not shown that the oefendant was entirely aware that the disease was bed • biting in his house. In previous cases the defendant • _ done what was right, and his son had had the 'sease in Ireland, and though when be tame back the 'efendant knew this, he thought he was well, and he *Ss working in the yard and apparently in good health. The Town Clerk said it was impossible for him to trove that the defendant was aware of the state of his 4.' The onus of proof that the defendant was not, 'etted upon him. h..' he Defendant then gave evidence. He said tl5 son, who is 19 years old, came home brc'm Ireland on New Year's Eve, and ;27? admitted he had had smallpox and said he had been bed five weeks, but was now well. He had never nen vaccinated, because witness was travelling about in from fair to fair when this son was an infant, but VI the rest of the family had been vaccinated.—Edward 1)1v, is Bate, employed by the defendant, said Peter zzaley went away on November 10th and came back on ew Year's Eve. Peacock. who was also sworn with uplifted hand, d 1 Peacock. to the defendant giving notice as to previous ,asn- of smallpox at his house,and that other members of 'us family than Peter being vaccinated. ..The Chairman said the Bench considered that as Peter irtnutted when he came back that he had had smallpox, hat was a very good reason why his father should 0 ve sent for a doctor. He ought to have done so at ce viow of the gproo3 of emollpoo. in tho town, and e magistrates could not do less than mark their sup- tort of the Sanitary Authority and their deprecation of „ray concealment of such cases in lodging-houses, At same time the Bench considered the fact that the .efendant had previously given notice to them,and they Would fine him 20s. Ind costs (£2 15s. in all.)

.1

===== 0002601_18930204_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
DISASTER IN A WELSH COLLO'

COLLIERS ENTOMBED. A terrible disaster occurred at the famous l'adth e f• cannel pith, Mold, on Wednesday, where a portion workings has been completely demolished by a ~ogir dous fall of ground. The catastrophe was felt t.br-,,,,,en out the neighbourhood, a large area of land havinkrtbe swamped to a depth of twenty or thirty yards benfes surface. Some colliers are emtombed, and WO are totally despaired of.

loi°4

===== 0002601_18930204_art0082.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18930204_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
4 it tad c:11 013tri.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
I'EE THREATENED STRIKE OF BOTTLE

MAKERS. RESULT OF THE BALLOT.

At the headquarters of the Lancashire Glass ttOttle M akers"Trade Protection AssoCiation, St. tlelens, on Friday night, the ballot papers which nci been distributed the previous day to the Lanett- bottle makers, asking them to state whether they there willing to accept the present reductions or resist n eln, were counted up. The Lancsshire district really -°llsists of St. Helens and Newton-le-Willows, and corn- three firms, Messrs. Cannington, Shaw, and Co., the Sherdley and Beasley Works, St. Helens. being , t.e largest glass bottle manufacturers in the United 1 Ilingdom. Then come Messrs. Nuttall and Co., at Trenhead, and Messrs. Borron, of Newton-le-Willows. is a small manufactory at Manchester, but cir- Zonstances prevented the few men there being in- ed in the ballot, and this was only taken from the neashire men at work, hence the comparatively small 4,11 s given. 13y the rules of the society there must be a ".r two-thirds majority to make the balloting effectual, 4.R_lld this has been obtained, as shown by the following ho ures : —For a strike 231, against a strike 94, majority hrr. strike 137. Majority over two-thirds required to Ing about a strike 14 ; spoiled papers 4 ; neutral 9. Acting on this decision the Lancashire secretary was 4`,,.!tructed during this week to inform the masters of t',!'s result, and ask if they are willing to again resume • 1892 rates. If a negative reply is received seven ; notice will be given to cease work, so that unless arrangement is come to there will be a general stop- On Monday morning, February 13. The National ~,nferenee of Delegates resumed business in St. Helens e Saturday morning, this being the third dav's sitting. `ztich 'the lengthened proceedings,it is stated,a re unknown in \ I, history of the National Conference,although business ut extended over three days in connection with the ernational Congress of Glass Bottle Makers. The I .einferene.e adjourned at noon to attend a full meeting hn_!ihe Lancashire workmen in the Old Theatre. Thei tion of the trade was again discussed, and also the ti,e201,.t of the ballot. The meeting was most orderly, and OhlOWug resolution was unanimously carried : eat flat, if the masters decline to give the men the 1892 es of wages and the old rates for overwork, the men OH give in their notices nextFriday(the 3rd February), r cease work on the 13th February." The conference }ruel.ined proceedings in the evening at the Royal , t

Pun I,r tic NOTICE.—Not one laut, HUNDREnS of people of !1 .sexes with wrecked and debilitated constitutions are IVY,LY restored to sound and robust health again by Messrs. 101:utinson. 3 and 4, Fitzallan Square, Sheffield. Write to them spnrt\vicefree when suffering from weakness, loss of flesh. ,te, disturbed rest, pimples, blotches.,. indiges: ti" Pallid skin. nervousness, and general debtaty. Pos- tu‘7eure for all Blood and Skin Disk asez, acquired or consti- -0 to,;1 nal. Sixty years' experience. One address (as above) tiaover 30 years. The A 1 Mixture," 4s. 9d. the case. The hoiLtle Mirror in envelope, four stamps. Sufferers &sap- "red with Electric Belts should write to us at once.—Adrt. la -espatch from Yokohama reports the burning of a t,:(gea cotton mill at Asaka, and the death of at least 120 aljle---mostly women and girls—in the flames or ')ng the ruins of the building. trit o le-cAELE DISCOVERY FOR THE HAIR.—If your hair Is 44,41114 grey or white, or falling off, use "Tan MEXICI‹ ere'rt ENiNVER," for it will positively restore in every case " White 'Lair to its original colour, without leaving the wl,llFreealsle smell of most " Restorers." It makes the hair 11.4111.1R1y beautiful, as well as promoting the growth of the bald 4s, 41. ITid soot s, where the glamis are not decayed. Can,. ran Oil to make the Hair soft,glssy,and lPuralcue- a sk for " CARTER B COLOGNE 01L.,, oFriCe 16. of all Adote.rs• Wholesale depot. 133, Farringdon-road. London,— '

he 'South Wales miners and their employers have -Iled to agree upon terms, although the difference be- ;i"n them was only per cent. The decision will eet 100,000 men It was intimated that notices louM • immeidately be isrued for the termination of con- racts on March Ist next. TIA-R IN, °AT AFFECTIONS AND HOARSENESS.—AII suffering Irritation of the threat and hoarseness will be agreeably 4,l,7)rised at the almost immediate relief afforded by the „ Brown's Bronchial Troches." These famous ozenge are now sold by most respectable chemists in •• L country at is lid per box. People troubled with a eyreking er ugh," a " slight cold," or bronchial affections, unot try tliem too soon, as similar troubles, if allowed to ttolress, result Is serious Pulmonary and Asthmatic affec- t, tint the words " Brown's Bronchial Troches " are aort"!e Goveinment stamp around each box. Prepared by 1! I BROWN SG SONS, Boston, U.S. Puropea.rt depot, 33, arringrion-road, London. Advt.

tWeftl

''ouid

IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

THE LARGEST ELECTRICAL RAILWAY.

The Liverpool Overhead Electric Railway, which is to be opened by Lord Salisbury, is the largest electrical railway the world has yet seen, and America, popularly supposed to be the pioneer in huge enterprises of this character,must in this instance take "a back seat." The overhead structure is composed almost entirely of wrought iron, and is carried on columns, the total length being seven miles, and the total cost something over £OOO,OOO or £85,000 a mile. Nearly 25,000 tons of wrought iron have been used in the construction. At the outset the authorities had not made up their minds as to the motive power to be employed, but the direc- tors ultimately decided in favour of electricity, and placed the responsibility of this portion of the under- taking in the hands of Mr. Thomas Parker, the chief engineer and general manager of the Electric Construc- tion Corporation. Each train is to be made up of two or more carriages, each to seat fifty six passengers, and is provided with a motor at each end. The motors are so connected together as to be controlled at either end by the driver, who will carry a key, without which the motors cannot be operated. The quantity of energy can be regulated by the man in charge of the motor, and, although any practical speed can be attained, the trains as at present arranged cannot travel at a greater speed than thirty-five miles per hour, as at any speed greater than this the motor would deliver energy back, and so act as a brake upon the train. A novel feature of the railway is the use of automatic signals, electrically worked by the trains themselves. The trains will be lighted by electricity. There are thirteen stations, Uullf, upon iron airdore and colt-ming. the platform' fining about 115 feet in length by twelve feet wide, and three feet above the level of the rail. Access to the platforms is gained from the street level by four staircases at the more important stations, and on each platform a wait- ing-shed is provided, with pay-offices and turn-stiles. The cars are on the American bogie principle, and will meet the requirements of a very big traffic. rhey re all exactly alike, and contain compartments for two classes of passengers, with through communication from end to end of the train. It is claimed that the adoption of electricity as the motive power will mean economy, cleanliness, and efficiency. At the trial trip some weeks ago everything gave entire satisfaction, and complete success is prophesied for the first overhead railway in England.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIED BY MISTAKE.

Mr. Justice Barnes gave judgment on Tuesday in a divorce case from Rochdale in which a curious point was raised. A man sought to be divorced from his wife, and it was urged as a bar to his plea that he himself had been guilty of misconduct by going through the form of marriage with another woman. It, appeared that the petitioner and his wife had signed an "agreement " to live separate, and the man considered in good faith that this document amounted in law to a divorce. When he found out his error he at once separated from the woman he had gone through the ceremony of marriage with him. Mr. Justice Barnes commented on the stupidity and ignorance of the man, but granted the decroe of divorce.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SCULLING CHAMPIONSHIP OF

ENGLAND.

The sculling race between Bubear and Homer on Monday, from Putney to Mortlake, for the champion- ship of England and £4OO, proved to be one of the most one-sided and hollow affairs of the kind ever seen on the Thames. The start, which had been fixed for half- past twelve, took place 13 minutes later, Bubear who won the toss, taking the Surrey side. Not even for a minute was there an prospect of a good race. Bubear at once took the lead, and gained so fast that at the Soap Works he must have been nearly eight lengths in front. The remainder of the race was naturally a mere procession. Bubear rowed on at his leisure, and easing down completely towards the finish was content to win by twc lengths.' '

===== 0002601_18930204_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. GLADSTONE'S DRIVE TO THE HOUSE OF COMMONS.

ENTHUSI A S TIC RECEPTION.

Mr. Glads—to-n—e's—niovements were awaited by crowds of people, numnering at least 10,000, nearly all well dressed, and quite orderly, excepting so far as the demonstration of the unemployed disturbed the general enthusiasm. When the Premier, accompanied by Mrs. Gladstone, drove out in an open carriage at half-past three from Downing-street, the cheering was tremend- ous. He endeavoured to escape public observation by changing the usual route, but the public got wind of this, and cheere 1 the whole way. The drive was through the Horse Guards' entrance and through the Park, and several thousands of people followed the vehicle, cheering all the way. The csachman made the whole circuit of the park, and came by way of Great George-street into Parliament Square. Here the Premier received a renewed ovation,and no unpleasant incidents occurred. The Premier looked pale, but cordially acknowledged the salutes of his admirers. The special police on duty, including the mounted men, numbered about 250. Observers of the crowds say that they were on the whole, most orderly, although by far the largest ever seen at the reassembling of Parliament.

ADVICE TO MOTHERS I—Are you broken in your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth? Go at once to a chemist and get a bottle of MRS. WnisLoW's SoomnlNG SYRUP. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is Perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes "as bright as s. button." It soothes the child, If softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentry and diar- rham, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs. Winslow's soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine dealers every- where at Is. lid. Per bottle,—Advt. The Town Council of Bristol on Tuesday decided to ' proceed with the promotion of a bill in Parliament for the construction of new docks at Avonmouth and Bristol at an estimated cost of nearly one and a half million. The Royal Laundresses say Critchley's "STARCH GLOSS is unequalled for imparting a beautiful finish to starched linen, Ste., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr. —, Corn- wall, says :—" My wife will not finish our linen without your "Starch Gloss." From Mrs. —, Bradford "Dear sir,— I am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Bold at id,, 3d., and 6d., by most starch sellers. If not in stuck will procure it. T. CEITCHLEY. BlaCkburn. P:oprietor.—Advt.

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 4 1893

Prepared only by. Rif AN

BY PATENT MACHINERY.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
A MANX CAT BEFORE A LEARNED

SOCIETY.

A Manx cat, the species of the feline tribe without a tail,must be a conspicuous rarity in France, for, curious to relate, a living specimen of the same was shown and made the subject of a special communication at a recent meeting of the Anthropoligical Society in Paris. M. Mortillet, who exhibited the interesting creature sans queue, observed that its race had been described by Dar- win, but so badly had this been done that there were serious doubts whether the distinguished naturalist had ever seen a specimen of the animal. It was pointed out also that on ancient designs and stamps in Japan there were to be seen forms of cats without tails or with caudal appendages similar to those of rabbits. Might not, therefore, the groups of tailless creatures known as Manx eats have originally been derived from Japanese ancestors? This was the query which the author sug- gested to the anthropologists of the Anthropological Society of Paris.—" Medical Press."

LtNtJ CATICARTICUM PILL% agreeably aperient, 91(1., 130., 2s. 9d. Ot all Chennws.—Adot.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
FENCING

AND GATE DEPA.RTMENT. P.M. & Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE & IRON FENCES, now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad, is being continually improved upon to meet extended requirements, and complete informa- tion is supplied on application.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
RAIL! US

FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, &c.

ORNAMENTAL HIGH-CLASS

===== 0002601_18930204_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
GAT 5,

TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, Katisions, Villas &c.

STRONG FIELD GATES, FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS. &c.

NETTING

AND

===== 0002601_18930204_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
HURDLES

AND

TREE GUARDSAIRE WORK.

CC)MTUCITtaTT—TC,T_T

- - -- ---- - BAR IRON FENCING, Fitted with F. R. & Co's Self-Locking Joint.

LONDON OFFICE: 17, VICTORIA ST., Westminster, S.W.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BEST & CHEAPEST HOUSE IN LIVE

WOODS PATENT GALVANISM STEEL IRE MATTRESSES;

With French

Persian Bedsteads comsditta. To be seen can-ring ONE TON:

We Challenge a-7 other Wire Mattress to stand this Test It

I3vt is it ever re- quired of a Mattress that it should carry one ton' Certainly not. Hitherto the Lat the use of Wire been that they or a time, which was ive this severe test to prove that ours will not stretch. If they do within 5 years we will replace with new ones. To be had from THOMAS SUTTON, Sale Rooms, Legh Street. THE LONGFORD WIRE Co. Limited WARRINGTON.

gain!

aatiresses dtretched att,

true.

DIM YOUR FAMILY by a new invention, four stamps LI for sample.— G. ANDREW, 54, Perth Road, London, N.

EXCHANGE for Stamped Envelope for particulars. Mar- ried Lady has a most valuable harmless recipe for ladies.—Mrs. BAYLEY, Broad-st., Nottingham.

A RISTOTLB'S WORKS, with plates, 352 pages, 30 stamps. Paris by Night, or Gay Lilo in Paris; illustrated. 30 stamps.—Post free IL BOWKER, 27. Renshawoit., Liverpool.

TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS tor Females, quickly correct all irregularities, re:nove all obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptoms so preva- lent with the sex. Boxes is. 11d. and 2s. 9d. of all chemists sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker. B. T. TOWLE, Chemist. Nottingham.

ONE BOX OF CLARBES' B 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs. In either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains In the back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold In Boxes, 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendore„ throughout the World ; or sent to any address for sixty stamps by the Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BARCLAY &Soxs, London, and all the Wholesale Houses.

THE ARMY AND NAVY PILLS cure Urinary disorders without recourse to further treatment. Price 25.6 d. ;by poet 2e. 9d. I_IOPE, OPERATIVE MEM IST (LATE METHUEN), 632, DEANSGATE. MANCHESTER.

RIAL • ity N oFoRTE an R , POST' contaTT7iOniii(sisirr)a•tions 250 NET 250 PAGES Thc piep,rial Tutor being pub. 4 Descriptive Prosnecrus sent post free nc men wsnvark able and over Songs, ~ ,t Ntt ir rah-lot I.e and cheapest Dances, Carols. Anthems, boor ever published. FREE. and hymn Tun flnNk lit Maui.. :lei OIA ki‘l,B.l LIAA. iljeidalai Law. The Panniers* siessoldaesl.

RPOOL iilll:iiil:iiTf ..--,----H„.ipii--: il..r- -f-- --:,,,,..-----=,---.) , )1, ii '9-0 ----;-„, - ~.....- --,, .192."9.(a_g. •1 : ill tr 1 ii RP 46''''"' ~,flt: 'tit'? "e1,,,t4 P .xs. 1., ' . 111.,,,4.1 ~ ~ , , 1 yi, ti' I i ,-,4 P 4..‘ .I.l iiil- • Viet, ',nit -,- ' 'k-4 44i 1, II i rni qi, or v o,s - , vidg 1 ~ ki---34 :.f. ?,, ...!= 011 id vI u u 16.4.... il ft- p,, '....;' ' 4.5* Fll ' i -t,,ift, • tde 111‘ ..,4 u ill 1 11. ri 1'.,, LL: .2.........c_...,....itt... , AD-f.-;;...9140.m.f.......---r"'" :41 di i '4ll 0 ,------= I_—_*==_ r2:l.l2l:__G= I 'lk' ,4',..-:..—;:---,-------------------. i (1. .'fi,-- ..._ ____. __,-.___- ...,. , . .. i F.. . ~.,- 1,3 -. ....e t, -A ,S -S •= - =---,= ..'"..r......t........ ik. 14' I 1 1 1 1111111 kiii. = ----------------------- ---"------------------------ .0 ------ ..-3 . ..-- §-- - , • A -." --- -a- ' EE- M j.... _ 2. _ , .:_•-. R-_ _ - _ e 0 ri;;k''-. ---,..-14;" ..-----•-- -_---==---7--=------'---------"-----'------7--- - ___7„....-,-;,,,,,—;-:nt,-,-,-,,,,-,., -7 , _,,f. a: v;-,f, re, y 4ir.,•4SpiffillialTrEos7lllllllMl7lEggraninPllll4l""'°u"'"'lll Q" -44/ C RAN ESk SONS iii ' 0(41400 S4C RAN il 4.44 ‘q •,.,,, 14 ' INI 11 11 !VT t ' .1""1"%.%,:12.1-.;,,UNIIIIIIN, 1 Il 1 litills 1 wirp:AjNi oh us' ... r,O„, 1, 5 IHARMONIUMS.-Frol3 , ff o'l 11.1 .. - 0 wasersintaillienaia, dq,,inkitt4 1 , \e. it -------

WI 1085—Brench. ,Llllllll-1 474.7 IStir*lr '.,„„ .11 PIS FinetP-hdp`

===== 0002601_18930204_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

VIOLIN, very rich tine, RUSSIAN COPY with BOW, in case complete, a genuine bargain. Pric ! only 27:e Od

VERY FINE PAIR RUBY LUSTRES. 16 inches In height, under glass shades, double drops beauti- fully decorated, suitable for drawing r..om, only ... 27s 6d

FLOCK BE S. the set cJmplete, our special make clean and well picked flocks, good size, well filled, only

CARPET, tapestry, good size, splendid pattern, suit- able for parlour or bedroom, quite new, never been worn, wonderful va.ue. Tho Bee Hive l6e 6d

BLANKET, large size, wool cloth, second hand, a great bargain, the pair, at the Golden Bee Hive ... 9s lid

CHEST OF DRAWERS, a very useful size for 'Rd- room, light colour, well finished, the best material. Call and see them, you will purchase directly, only 17s 6d

AT THE GOLDEN BEEHIVE.

Is the most genuine preparation ever manufactured for Calf Rearing. ANALYST'S REPORT.

Feb. 28th. 1887. Society of Chemical industry (Manchester Section). I have chemically and microscopically examined Messrs. Crosby and Sons' " Cremoid " Calf Meal. I find it to contain albumininous substances which are necessary to build up the tissues of the animal system. The Meal also contains a considerable amount of oil, with carbo-hydrates, which tend to the production of fat. Nearly one-halt of the ash is made up of phosphate of lime (this. I need not say, is one of the chief constituents of bones.) From the examina- tion of this Meal, I eonsider it an admirable food for the fattening of calves, as the Meal contains all the elements for the building up of the flesh and bones of the animal body.

(Signed.) J, CARTER BELL, A.R.S.M.. County Analyst. PRICE 18S. PER CWT. e.J-CWT LOTS, 168. 6D. Carriage paid to any Station. CROSBY AND SONS, CORN MILL, RUNCORN.

' ' . -

GOLDEN BEE HIVE, 69 & 71, CHURCH-STREET,

"6) °TRADE J/3 '',. ,;01•16E; s'°' 1 1 . "SREMOID." ,--R-^ i .• .... kg. -''-.•,:.-iii:x.l4,ll.i:' •:. ,:fij R. .0).L:.,,,. ..:.:._ Q MARK.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
I OLP" E FITS!

AND TO PROVE IT 66 y will GIVE A BOTTLE of my Remedy for Nothing, so 1_ that Sufferers may have an opportunity of testing the truth of what I fearlessly state." Because others have failed to cure you is no reason why you ghould continue to suffer. Send at once for my TREATISE and a FREE BOTTLE of medicine. It costs you nothing for a trial, and IT WILL CURE; Address; Mr. 11. 11001', 28, Endsleigh Gardens, Easton Road, LONDON, N.W

===== 0002601_18930204_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.

BEECH.A.M'S PILLS

ARE universally admitted to be worth a Guinea a Box for Bilious and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fullness and Swelling after Meals, Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings ot lieat, Lost of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Scurvy and Blotches on the Skin, Dis- turbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb- ling Sensations, ac. The first dose will give relief in twenty minutes. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try one Boxof these Pills, and they will be acknowledged to be

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. For females of all ages these Pills are invaluable, as a ew doses of them carry off all humours, and bring about all that Is required. No female should be without them. There is no medicine to be found equal to Beechana's Pills for removing any obstruction or irregularity of the system. If taken ac- cording to the directions given with each box, they will soon restore females of all ages to sound and robust health. This has been proved by thousands who have tried them, and found the benefits which are ensured by their ure. For a Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestton, and all Disorders of the Liver, they act like magic, and a few doses will be found I to work wonders on the most Important organs in the human I machine. They strengthen. the whole muscular system, restore the long lost complo.uon, bring back the keen edge of appetite, and arouse into action with the rosebud of health the whole physical energy of the human frame. These are Facxs testified continually by members of all classes of society' and one of the best guarantees to the Nervous and Dabifitated is BEECHAM'S PILLS have the Largest Sale of any Pates; Medicine in the acrid.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S MAGIC COUGH PILLS.

As a remedy tor Coughs in general, Asthma, Bronchi,. Affections, Hoarseness, Shortness of Breath, Tightness and Oppression of the Chest, Wheezing, de. these Pills stand un rivalled. They are the best ever offered to the public, and will speedily remove that sense of oppression and difficulty of breathing which nightly deprive the patien of rest. Let any persqn give BBRCHAIf'S COUGH PILLS a trial, and the most violent Cough will in a short time be removed. Prepared only, and Sold Wholesale and Retail, by the Pro prietor, Thomas Beecham, St. Helens, Lancashire, in Boxes sid., Is. ltd. and 2s. 9d. each.

Sold by all Druggists and Patent Medicine Dealers every where. .

N.B.— -Ful 1 directions are given pith each box.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
ALWAYS USE

F LETT'S MARMALADE TO BRE AKFAST FL ETT'S MARMALADE TO BREAKFAST.

FLETT'S PICKLES TO DINNER. FLETT'S PICKLES TO DINNER.

FLETT'S JAMS TO TEA. FLETT'S JAMS TO TEA.

1' Cl SAUCE TO SUPPER. FLETT'S SAUCE TO SUPPER.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
Letters to the Obitor.

THE DISMISSAL OF THE UNION BAKER.

Sir,—The report in last Saturday's issue of the appar- ently niggardly treatment received by Mr. Cliffe from the Board of Guardians, calls for public comment and further explanation. For a workman who has become physically infirm after 25 years' faithful service, to be dismissed with short notice and without further pro- vision, mr_y be sadly too common in private business establishments, but when such a crime is committed by a public body like the Guardians, they must answer for it before the bar of public opinion. The question arises, have the Board power to superannuate Cliffs? If so, why don't they do something for him? The very fact that his successor Is to have three shillings more per week, indicates that Cliffs has bem paying a heavy pre- mium for a considerable length of time. A plainer case of purchasing one's own pension could hardly ever be. Those who have known Cliffe for the last few years will not be surprised at his inability to perform his duties ; trouble and affliction will tell their tale on the best of men, but it is a scandalous shame that such a worthy fellow should have been treated so much like a dog.— Yours truly, 4, Trinity Place, Feb. 2.

WILLIAM KNOWLES.

BISHOPS VERSUS BIBLE.

Sir,—The Archbishops of York and Canterbury ,Bishops Jayne, Stubbs, and others are condemning evening communion, whilst such champions of Bible teaching as Bishops Ryle, Bardsley, Stratton, and a few others practise it. So long as it is recorded as being instituted in the evening it ought to suffice to all loyal men, sup- posed to be biblical scholars (see Matt. 26c. 20v., Mark 14c. 17v., Luke 22c. 14v., the bour of the Passover ; Exod. 12c. 6v., evening ; Deut 16c. 6v. at the going down of the sun ; 1 Cor. 11c. 23v.,night.) In the time of Ambrose, Augustine, and Tertullian it took place in the evening. _ .

lam prepared to prove that it is the aim of the English Church Union party, with whom the first five named are in touch, to bring the Church of England back to the See of Rome, and evening communion is an inseparable barner,as the laity would not fast till 8 p.m., neither will the Papacy accept them with it ; nor will they give up their early Mass. To the law and to the testimony. The Rev. J. E. Riddle's Christian Antiquity ably exposes the unsourad dogma of such men as Dr. Jayne, and C. A. Lane, the Church Defence lecturer.— Yours &c., Frodshan3, Feb. 2, 1893.

R. FOLTLKES.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL CLUB.

Sir,—Seeing a statement in your football notes of Saturday last, to the effect that Warrington Association had " chucked it," the consequence being that they were in a low state financially, as well as having a lack of energy, I beg to contradict this as inaccurate. In the first place the said club had two teams play- ing at the time the matter in question was in cir- culation viz. :—lst team versus Wilmington Park at Arpley, and the Reserve team versus Orford Crescent at Orferd. They have neither "chocked it" nor intend to "chuck it." In the second instance the funds are not low though they might be increased, as also might any other club's finance be open for influx, as in prosperity we are assured of success. It is, how- ever, true that one or two of our playing members have left us, but it would be a poor organization indeed that depended en one or two men for their maintenance. We have in the past received a great amount of god advice and well meant criticism from your valuable paper, and have even received "tips " tending to our improvement which have been acted upon on more than one occasion, and we trust that you will continue to advocate in your journal the Association game in Warrington, as by doing this you greatly assist us. Apologising for trespassing on your valuable space and again asking to make this as public as possible in correction of the previous week's paragraph,—l remain, yours faithfully, JAS. MATHER, Hon. Secretary.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
RE WARRINGTON A.P.C.

Sir,—As a playing member of the Warrington A. F.C. , I beg to thank you for the encouragement we have receiv- ed from the football notes of your valuable paper,during the present season. I notice, however, in your issue of January 28th that you state that the above club has "chucked up," and you give as a reason for this abandonment "that the members have become scattered, and the funds have become low." As one who is well acquainted with the condition of the club, I trust that in your next issue you will correct this state- ment, as the members have not become scattered, neither have the funds become low. It is true that one or two players have left us, but, acting upon the advice which has been given in your notes more than once, the committee on Saturday last called upon several of the reserve team, and with satisfactory results. Matches are arranged with the best junior clubs it is possible to find in Liverpool and Mid-Cheshire. This cannot be said of all the Association clubs in Warring- ton, and it accounts for what would appear to be in- terior results. I can assure you, on behalf of the mem- bers, that we do not intend to give up, but to persevere, and deserve success, even if we do not obtain it. Thanking you for the assistance you have kindly given us in the past, and hoping your favourable criticism will be continued, I am yours faithfully, A MEMBER.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON DEBATING SOCIETY.

DEBATE ON MR. GLADSTONE'S FOREIGN

POLICY.

On Thursday evening Mr. H. H. Dutton read be- fore the Warrington Debating Society, at the Masonic Rooms, Sankey-st., a paper on" Mr. Glad- stone's foreign policy." Mr. Longl and presided. Mr. Dutton commenced by saying that a few days ago speaking in Liverpool, Baron Be Worms, a member for one of the divisions there, made this statement 4. It has been well and truly said that Mr. Gladstone is the friend of every country except his own." That state- ' merit contained a great truth and a great untruth. It was perfectly true that Mr. Gladstone was the friend of all nations, especially if they were poor and weak, but it was monstrous to assert that he was the enemy of I his own nation. One would have thought that his price- less services to the country and the State during his long and illustrious career would have rendered it impossible for anyone to doubt his patriotism and have saved him from such a base insinuation. When leaders talked like that there was no wonder that the rank and file of the Tory party had mostly assailed Mr. Gladstone with scurrilous and disgraceful epithets. He had not the slightest objection to Mr. Gladstone being personally ' criticised and condemned by those who sincerely opposed him, but no one had a right to impugn his honour or his patriotism,and those who did so were blinded by -passion or politically mad. Mr. Dutton then enumerated the principles of foreign policy which Mr. Gladstone had laid down as those which ought to guide a nation, and which were substantially the fostering of the strength of the empire by just legislation and economy at home, claltivate and maintain the concert with Europe, to avoid needless and entangling engagements, Iknew- Ledge the equal rights of allnea bionst, the dthat g h love of freedom. -poeicv should always be inspir d y ,Dutton then reviewed the. hflrdeigneenpiOnliaCcycoredfaMnere, GladgCone, and contended that it. with tba.' octant character, principles be had enunciat.emd.—ln the succeed- .irg disc."„ sion,which was of a very p 0. R Gandy, and aviessis. A. Clennett, C. Lyon, Neild, J Rail, and 1,6 Chairman toot part, and Mr. Dutton' ably

NOTES ON GAMES AD

ArTILETICS.

FOOTBALL.

- Our first team visited Lancaster, on Saturday. Foe the second time the team of the county town inflicted defeat upon Warrington. However, this last defeat is by no means considered a fair one. The game of the Lancas- ter men was from beginning to end rough and unscien- tific, and almost the whole of the scoring was none by " flukes." To see the unskilled efforts of a Sunday School team is by no means interesting to a lover of the game. You have all seen the rowdy play of unsophisti- cated 12 year olds. Well, having seen that,you saw the game on Saturday so far as Lancaster played it.

From commencement to end the game was pretty much of a squabble; the home men often resorted to measures of a" shady "character, and when Warring- ton appealed against them the referee certainly did not put an end to them. This, at the outset, created a con- siderable amount of ill feeling between the two teams ; but, as the Lancaster men continued to" fluke," appar- ently taking advantage of the •' mildness" of the referee, even the Lancaster spectators couldn't restrain them- selves from criticising the childish stratagems of their home team. This match;if it was fruitful of nothing else, gave weight to agitation for the institution of properly certified referees.

I think it was Jack Point who said" alack and alas." Well, I cannot say "a lass ;" but I can say "alack." I say alack that our home team should have gone all the way to Lancaster, played the best game, been the best team undeniably ; watched their opponents belittle themselves in the eyes of all who saw the game; and then I say, despite all this, to come to Warrington beaten, in the eyes of the football world, by a drop goal and a try to a try. It ought, virtually, to have been tha other way about.

So far as he was able, Boscow played a characteristic game ; whilst the old Warrington favourite, Tommy Barns occasionally gave a refreshing display of the skilful agility, by which on more than one occasion he has made himself the "hero of Wilderspool." I mean of course a football hero. There is another hero in Wilderspool, but his heroic deeds are connected with an industry inseparable from the little village just be- yond the boundary.

The match between the Lancaster" A" team and our " A " team at home formed a great contrast to the play of the first teams. Both teams played with commend- able evenness and unity. Warrington were especially cowicuous in this respect,and they showed an improve- ment on their yecent play which I was glad to note. They are regaining their old style—are becoming their old selves, or, as Shakespeare said about his melancholy Danish Prince, " Hamlet is himself again." This last phrase is only an embellishment to the sentence,because, you know, it doesn't altogether fit in where a football team is concerned. Anyhow, our "A" team won by 0-4-4 to nil. Did someone shout "Hooray ?" Very well, then.

The Warrington Junior League Championship goes on apace ; or. rnayne I ought to say it has gone apace towards the termination. St. Mary's beat the Rangers by two tries to nil. This places the Saints on a par with the Parish Church, who, as will be seen from the following results, are the top " scorers" : For Agst. Plvd. Won. Lost. Drn. G.T Q.T. Pts. Parish Church 4 ... 3 ... 1 ... 0 ... 3 5 ... 1 3 ... 6 St. Mary's Rangers Latchford Stockton He ith 3 ... 1 ... 2 ... 0 ... 1 3 ... 2 1 ... 2 Walkers' Brewery 2 ... 0 ... 2 ... 0 ... 0 0 ... 2 5 ... 0

The dazzling, blinding, unequalled brilliance of the St. Helens Rees'. play this season, was smudged on Saturday with the dark shadow, of defeat. They met Salford in the cup conmetition,ancl,to use an expressive. though vulgar,phrase, were "knocked into smithereens." This is so sad to me. Week after week I have read the eulogies of one of our sporting contemporaries, until at length I believed the Recs, to be invulnerable, until I doted upon them as one of the only two teams who could play a certain gaine. The other team has not been found yet, and as the Recs. were beaten by six points to nil, I must lose faith in that journal and give up my ideal. "They have been too previous."

These are the results of the Lancashire Cup Com- petition :

RESULTS UP TO SATURDIT.

For. Agst.

Phi. Won. Lost. Drn. G.T. (IT. Pt. Swinton 9 8 . 0 . 1 ...12 20... 1 2 ...17 St. Helens Recreation 10 ... 5 ... 3 ... 2 ... 9 11... 5 6 ...12 Salford

Warrington Tyldesley Oldham ll 2 . 6 . 3 . 4 12... 6 9 ... 7 Rochdale Hornets Broughton Rangers Wigan 7 Broughton ll 1 . 8 . 2 . 3 '.' ..12 23... 4

===== 0002601_18930204_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

In our correspondence column there is a letter from a " Member " of the Warringtm A.F.C. He complains that in my notes last week I was incorrect in stating that there was a prospect of the club "Chucking up." He says that my remark that "the members are scattered" is not correct, also that the funds are not low, as I stated. Then he adds "It is true that one or two players have left us, but acting on the advice which has been even in your notes more than once, the Commit- tee on Saturday last called upon several of the reserve team with satisfactory results."

Well, I am glad the Committee called upon the reserve force, for I knew there were some good players there. But why did the Committee call upon severad. Simply, I presume, to supply the places of the playing members who have left—an action on their part which justified me in saying they were "scattered." With regard to the assertion that the funds are not low, I can only say this, that I know positively that the funds are not high. I know this, also, that the general tone of my notes last week was to the effect that the club was in peril in con sequence of a split.

I encouraged the remaining membe rs of the club to stick together and work with united action, and I doubted net that they would meet with the success which they undoubtedly deserve. As an admirer of the game, and of that particular club, I reiterate that advice, and I can only say, that if the club's safety is not so much imperilled as I thought "so much the bet- ter." The club has my hearty wishes for its success.

By the way, I learn that amongst some new fixtures which the W.A.F.C. have arranged there is one for next month with the St. Elphins. This surprises me some,as the American boy said. The W.A.F.C., tried to arrange a fixture with St. Elphin's some months ago, but, lain informed, a local clergyman connected with the latter team deemed it inadvisable that the two teams should meet, as he was afraid there would be a fight and some broken heads. If that is so, how is this peace to be accounted for ? Is it metaphorically speaking, that the tender lamb has lain down with the lion ? and if so has it been found out which is the lion ? I think when the fixture comes on we shall find transformed, the Elf into a lion.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WARRINGTON TRADES AND LABOUR COUNCIL.

The monthly meeting of the above Council was held on Tuesday at the Iforsemarket-street Cocoa Rooms, there being a large attendance of delegates. A discussion took place upon a previous motion, as to the formation of a Board of Conciliation to be carried out on similar lines to the one in existence in Liverpool. After a good deal of debate, it was resolved ; "That the Council deem it advibable that . . .

a Board of Conciliation should be formed in the borough of Warrington, and that the secretary be instructed to communicate with worship the Mayor, with a view to bring about a conference of employers and representatives of the workmen in the town." Communications were read from the Coventry and Bristol Trades Council. The former contained a resolution to the effect that it was considered necessary that some scheme or system should be devised whereby all questions of national importance could be under discussion by all Trades Councils simultaneously, so that all petitions—if such were required—could be presented together, thereby giving greater weight to the representations made. The communication from Bristol drew the attention of Trades Councils throughout the country to the action of the Aattiorities on the occasion of a labour demonstration, which was held in Bristol on the 23rd of December. and condemning it as a direct violation of the constitutional right of all citizens, and likely to establish a precedent that must redound to the disadvantage of the organised workers of this country. The Council unanimously passed the following resolution :—" That this Council deplores the action of the magistrates of Bristol, in obtaining the presence of the military on the 23rd Dec- ember last,as by their doings the city has been discredited before the country, and an unjust imputation made against the Trades Unionists of the city, This Council, therefore, respectfully requests the Home Secretary to appoint a commissioner to inquire and report as to the justification of the magistrates in taking the action they did.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LIBERATOR SMASH.

BANKRUPTCY OF MR. J. S. BALFOUR'S SON. The Central News states that a receiving order was made on Thursday afternoon at the London Bankrupcy Court against Mr. James Balfour, the son of Mr. Jabez Spencer Balfour. The debtor filed his own petition, describing hholsr,lf as of 2, Utrecht-mansions, Harlem- road, West Kensington, lately residing at Burent, Norbury, now out of business, and lately director of public companies.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
MAGAZINES, &c.

The February midwinter number of the century is very strong both as to text and illustration. The frontispiece is a portrait of Tennyson engraved by T.Johnson, from a photograph by Mayall,and on the reverse of it is a couplet from Locksley Hall, writ- ten by Tennyson so lately as August, 1892., Accom- panying the portrait is a very readable article on "The Voice el Tennyson," by the Rev. Dr. Henry Van Dyke, with reminiscences of a visit to the poet during the past summer. In addition there are two separate pictures—the work of American artistes—one by William Thorne called " Purity," and the other by Mrs. Mary [hillock Foote, called "The Mourning Dove." Besides the hign-class serials,there are five short stories,each:one well writ- ten and interesting. Perhaps the most notable article of the number is a paper entitled " A Voice for Russia." by the Secretary of the Russian Lega- tion in Washington. Lovers of verse are also pro- vided for, as well as lovers of art ; in fact the num- ber is full of variety and good things. Cassell's " Magazine of Art" contains some powerful pictures, the first one a copy of" La Zingarella," by Luke Fildes, HA.; a charming pas- toral scene "The sound of the Sickle," from the painting by Tom Lloyd, a series of sketches illus- trating the article, "The Art Life of John Leech," by Henry Silver, and a number ot others, each one beautiful, not the least interesting being a series of drawings by Walter Crane. The current issue of " Cassell's Magazine " is as good as its predecessors. and still holds its own as being one of the most popular magazines of the day. It contains an article for ladies on " Ribbon Work," another on "What to wear in February," and a "Cookery experiment," all equally interesting to the fair sex, besides the interesting serials, and a number of miscellaneous papers both instructive and amusing. The "Quiver "is another equally popular maga- sine, fit to be read in any home by anybody, and "Little Folks" is still the favourite for the younger members of the family, eagerly expected and welcomed each month.

Along with these we have the " Dore Gallery," "Don Quixote," illustrated by Dore ; " British Ballads" which has reached No. 11; "Familiar ild Flowers "with its beautifully coloured plates ; the " Portrait Gallery " containing three photo- graphs of celebrities by W. and D. Downey ; "Science for all " ; " Figoier's Scientific Works " ; "Storehouse of information "; " Natural History"; "British Battles on Land and Sea"; and a sixpenny edition of "Penny Illustrated Stories,"all published by Cassell and Co. in their usual artistic and highly finished manner. _ _

Mrs. Weldon again pleases the ladies with her " Journal of Dress and Fashion ; " the pattern this month being an exceedingly pretty cape,very much in demand just now,and easy to make from so good a model. There is the usual coloured plate,and a variety of articles all interesting, such as on how to fold finger napkins,the skirt for 1893, hints on etiquette, care of the eyes, &c.. SEc " Weldon's Practical needlework " contains thirty-seven engravings, showing original designs and stitches used for the new Hungarian embroidery, suitable for chair- backs, wall pockets, bed spreads, tea cosies, night- dress and brush and comb sachets,and other articles both quickly and inexpensively worked. Macmillan's " History of the English People" has reached the period of the Reformation,and contains a number of well-finished pictures, illustrating the " England of Queen Elizabeth." A "Souvenir of King Lear" presented by Henry Irving at the Lyceum Theatre, and published at the London offices of "Black and White" for one shil- hng, is a charming book for the table, and the illustrations make the tragedy seem very real, the "get up" of Henry Irving and Ellen Terry being most characteristic.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
DEPARTURE OF THE REV. F. K FREE- STON. FAREWELL SERMON.

On Sunday morning, at the Unitarian Chapel, Cairo-st., Warrington, the Rev. F. K. Freeston, pas- tor, who is leaving the town, preached his farewell sermon. There was a large congregation. The rev, gentleman took for his text Matthew vi. 10, "Thy kingdom come." In concluding his discourse he said : And, now, my friends, you must know my reason for taking this mighty theme this morning. I cannot forget, however much I would, that this is the last Sunday of our settlement here together, and that when once this day is over, I can never again address you from this pulpit as your minister. But I long to entirely sink myself in the sense of our common life,and to leave behind instead some speaking word which shall , preach for itself and linger on long after I am gone. Overwhelmed as I am with the thought of the vast and limitless Truth, I humbly feel how little, how feeble are the faltering efforts of men. When you speak of any small success which has happily blessed my work in your midst, I can only feel as did St. Paul. "Neither is he that planteth anything, nor he that watereth, but God who giveth the increase." Yet I want to leave with you ' one helpful word. And as I call back the study hours of the past four years, in which I have pondered what I should say to you Sunday by Sunday, and wondered whether it was helping you in any real way, and endea- voured so to express my thoughts as to find some entrance into your hearts, I realize again how all along one great idea, and one deep desire, have prompted all I have tried to say : that root idea was the Kingdom of God that great desire "Thy Kingdom come." And this, therefore, is the parting word that I would wish to leave with you, as really covering everything that either has or can be said ; lay hold of Christ's grand ideal of the on-coming Kingdom of God. Believe in it, rely on it,begin with it, end with it. Let this be your daily inspiration : lam helpiag on the Kingdom. I know no higher, or amp- ler thought. It includes all other things, it puts every- thing into its right relation ; it wraps it round with a mighty conception ; it is the Alpha and Omega of all religion. If it were permitted me to choose what you should hereafter say of my preaching to you, I should beg you to say." He preached about the kingdom of God." If 1 were asked to select a text to be re- membered in your minds as the keystone to Christ's religion, I should choose the prayer, " Thy Kingdom come." And, my dear friends, it will be to me a hallowed memory that you have joined with me so often in the utterance of that petition. At every service in this place during all the Sundays we have worshipped together, the prayer has been raised to heaven—Thy Kingdom come! And we have tried together—imperfectly, I know, but yet tried in our measure to help it come—to make this building a reli- gious home, where we recognised every man as our brctlier, Christ as our human exemplar, and God as our Heavenly Father. HOW far we may have succeeded or failed is known alone to God. Humbly we fay our work at His feet and leave to Him the result. But if by , our worship and fellowship here a single soul has been brought to God,and has entered within the kingdom,and found the higher life, then how great has been our pri- vilege, how deep should be our joy! Then these swiftly fleeting wars will not have disappeared into the un- known without leaving gently behind some parting benediction. To von then who have listened this morning so patiently to these farewell words, let me say as a last behest that which even more I say to myself—to individual faithfulness, yours, and mine, God has committed the coming of His Kingdom. The Kingdom comes in diffe- rent ways—in one way to one, in another to another, but be it yours to say " Let it come through me, let it begin here." Therefore lay no limit to your souls' free aspiration, fear no libel which the world may put upon you; respect these promptings as God's guilding voice, find your own share of truth, form your own idea of life, pray without ceasing " Thy kingdom come." But then remember that you are not a unit left to yourself to struggle alone. Round you are the beating hearts of fellow-seekers, fellow-workers, making in their different ways for the same final goal. For them no less than for yourself let your work and your thought carry out your prayer, " Thy Kingdom come ;" through them, through me, through anyone, only let it come, and then nearer and nearer shall that kingdom come from age to age, meeting the face of the young as a rising dawn and brightening the song of the old, "Lord, new lettest thou Thy servant depart in peace."

On Monday evening the annual meeting of the con- gregation was held in the schoolroom, when the reports and accounts of the different organisations connected with the church were considered and adopted. After- wards a social meeting was held in the same room. Mr. F. Monks presided, and the room was filled with mem- bers anxious to take a personal farewell of their pastor. Addresses expressive of the deepest regret at his depar- ture and heartiest" God-speeds" and good wishes for his success in his new sphere of labour were delivered by the Chairman, Mr. T. Birchall, Mr. J. R. Young, and Mr. J. H. Knowles. The Rev. F. K. Freeston, in reply, reviewed his connection with the church and the con- gregation, and with a full heart thanked them for all they had been to him and to his wife. He pointed out certain directions in which he urged them to continuous and increased exertion, and in taking farewell expressed the pleasure it would be to come down occasionally to preach to them, concluding with the fervent prayer, •' God he with you till v7e meet again." The addresses were interspersed with a glee by some members of the choir, a reading by Mr. Perris, and a violin solo, charm- ingly plaseci by Miss Birchall. Refreshments were afterwards dispensed, and the company indulged in social intercourse. At the close Mr. and Mrs. Freoston took a personal farewell of all present as they were leaving the room.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SAT URD AY, FEBRUARY 4, 1893. TILE WARRINGTON ATHLETIC CLUB.

WARRINGTON COUNTY COURT.

THErESDAY.—Before His Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes, Tun Cr-anz Foie Game Surematte-The case fa which Thomas Morris, poulterer, Heath Side, claimed £33 15s. 7d. from Samuel Francis, of Widnes, for geese sup- plied by him to the defendant on the 17t1e of December, and alleged by him to have been seized by the Widnes Corporation Inspector as bad, came on for further hear- ing.—Mr. Browne appeared for the plaintiff and Dr. Commins, barrister, instructed by Mr. Davies (of the firm of Messrs. Forshaw and Davies) for the defendant. —Thomas Morris was sworn, and said the transaction with Mr. Francis was not the first. Mrs. Morris bought the geese from Mr. Ruddily, poulterer, of Manchester. Witness was present when Mrs. Francis took them away from plaintiff's premises. They were packed is hampers for her and weighed. He came to Widnes and was shown a goose at Mr. Francis's shop as bad, but this had not been supplied by witness. He did not go to tbe police office to see the geese that had been seized by the In- spector. They were not the geese sold by him. Be sold a quantity of these geese to other people. None of them were returned as putrid or unfit for food. Mrs. Laws never told him that some of the geese, NOM she had got from him were bad. Alice Bradshaw, of QueeroLst., did not bring him back a goose utterly unfit for food. On the Sunday be dipped them, and he put them in a shed in the yard until Wednesday morning. The fact" of his not drawing them till Wednesday would do them no harm, but would keep them better. The goose he was shown at Mr. Francis's was not one supplied by wit- ness, because it would not weigh above 71bs., and some of those he supplied weighed less than 86 to 9 or 101bst. Mrs. Laws was willing to come as a witness for him.— James McGuigan, of Harourhey, clerk and salesman in the employ of Mr. Ruddin, poulterer, Manchester, one of the largest wholesale dealers there,said begot through about £10,0.)01 or £ll,OOO worth of geese and turkeys last Christmas. Witness had been with Me. Ruddin 9 years. He deposed to the sale of a quantity of geese to Mr. Morris, and these being newly killed and perfectly fresh when sent off on the 18th and 17th of Deem er. They would keep a fortnight. On the previous Satur- day Mr. Ruddin sold for "i3hristmas sale, and there had not been a single complaint. Mr. Morris had traded with Mr. Ruddin a good many years, and was a good buyer, never baying any common stuff.—Dr. Comins contended that there was an implied warranty of the quality of the goods, and cited a case in support of his contention, but 'His Honour cited cases to the contrary, and said that submitted by Dr. ComMs only applied to goods of which the vendor was the manufacturer, and he did net manufacture geese. (Laughter.) Dr. Corains said the fact of selling the geese for Christmas Day was an implied warranty that they were good tor Christmas Day.—The Judge : It is straining language to say so.— John Gerrard, licensee of the White Star Hotel, Widnee, deposed to having 15- geese frem Mr. Morn.', on Dec. 23rd, all of them being perfectly good.—Thomas McGuire, deposed to seeing Mrs. Francis purchase the 104 geese. Finer geese he never saw,and she said she never saw any better.—Rose Ann Job gave similar evidence.— Elizabeth Bentley was called and deposed that she pur- chased a goose for Christmas lase from the plaintiff, and took it to Birmingham, and partook of it there, and she never ate of a finer goese.—lnspector Norman said he had had no complaint from: anyone with refereuce to anyof the plaintiff's geese.--Dr.O'Keeffe, medical officer of health for Widnes, was sworn and said on December 23rd he was called to the defendant's shop, an in the kitchen examined 43 geese,.which were all putrid. He examined them the following day at the Police Station., —Dr. Commins : In your.. opinion,. Dr. O'Keeffe, how long had the geese been dead' prior to your inspection? —Dr. O'Keeffe replied about 14 days.—Dr. Commins : BOW long had they been killed P—Dr.. o•Koeffe : In my opinion the geese mast have been killed before they be- gan to decompose. (Loud laughter, in which his Honour joined.) The witness afterwards said that, in his opinion, the geese would be killed al.out ten days be.- fore decomposition set in.—Dr.O'Keeffei was about to be cros4-examined by Mr. Browne, when the judge ad- journed the case until Thursday next. Ceasre ron£so.—Messrs. Walton and Co., of Newton- le-Willows, for whom Mr. Richard Walton appeared, sued Messrs. Brothers, of Pendleton, who were repre- sented by Mr. Thomas George Webb, a traveller in their employ, for £5O for goods sold and delivered in Sept., October, and November last, consisting of 1,000 brandy goblets,.44 dozen cut finger glasses, Szie., supplied under contract with the defendant.—The defendant said the plaintiff had not carried out the contract, having not supplied all the gooils ordered. Only edozen cut finger glasses had been supplied, net dozen. and there ought to have been a thousand supplied. The plaintiff said he had supplied 44t dozen, and had not sent the remainder because he bad doubts of the defendant's solvency, and a bill was dfshonoured in the meantime.—The defendant : It was not our bill.—The plaintiff had no evidence to prove the delivery of 44 dozen finger glasses, and he consented to put the num- ber as 42 dozen. He desired toadd £2' Els. for 13 dozen goblets supplied, not included' in, the contract, and £I.OIIS. for the dishonoured bill which brought up the 'amount in all to £513 19s. His Honour pointed out that £3o' was the extent of his jurisdiction, but with a claim be the defendant aui rajanta. Sec and as, allamortrA of 5 per cent.discount to the defendant, the claim was brought down to £44 es. 4d. for which sum his Honour gave a verdict by consent. Witmer° v. NoLma.r—A laughable incident occurred in connection with a case in which Mt. Wilding, money lander,,sued one Christopher Milan; for the recovery of money. The Registrar, who took the ease, asked the de- fendant's wife who appeared fer himb.what he did for a liring,.and she replied that he had (lona nothing for three years. The plaintiff said the defendant worked on the 'roads ;and she rejoined that he was in bed now, and he would come again in three months and bring a cer- tificate.? death, and they would perhaps believe her thin. This remark caused much laughter in court.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
BY LIIKB BLUNT.

Opposite the Farmers Stores, the other evening I turned my head in the direction of the old Boiler Works. And something caught my eye. It was neither a gnat nor a brick; it was no missile from a thoughtless boy ; nor was it that dangerous im- plement handled by a reckless girl—an eight inch hat pin. To my scholastic mind it was a sight which had a tendency to " set my blood on edge and make my hares stand on hens." This is an intended joke by a classical author—one who wrote in a dead language. Suspended from the boiler works wall was a sign indicating that the Warring- ton"Amatuer" Athletic Club was held there. I had a fancy for going into this club, so I went through a two inch gap in the rails into the yard, and up the stairs to the door of the club room. I knocked ; did it twice ; and then a dark, tall, melancholy, wistful looking youth came. He looked at my hat and boots for a while, and then said he concluaed I had made a mistake. That place wasn't a mission house, and it weren't no go me snivelling round with any temperance tracts. I assured him I was not what he had taken me to he and besought him to descend the steps with me. I datermined to wreak my vengance on him.

When we reached the yard again,' pointed up to the side of the building and said r " Why, oh, why, have you so cruelly slung that bull out there suspended by nails and chains."

He twisted sharply round and pee Ted up ;he gazed for one short moment, then his eyes rested on my face, and he murmured something to himself and then said aloud "My poor fellow, thot is not a bull ; it is a

"" Oh," I replied, " would you read it for me please." He again murmured to himself and then said aloud " It reads: Warrington Amateur Athletic Club." „

" Would you !dray tell me how amateur is spelled there "I asked, He said " A-m-a-t-u-e-r Amateur ?I see where the " bu:1" comes In. The last sentence in that word is always spelled " taur " not " tuer."

He forgave me freely and promised to get the sign altered and I went with him upstairs into the new "War- rington Amateur Club " room. It is the large room in the old boiler works which was formerly used as a works by the Burton Cycle Co. The club, which was opened a few weeks ago,consists of 120 members, including almost every well-known athlete in Warrington. It promises I t., be, in less than six months, one of the most popular and largest clubs for physical recreation in the town. Boxing, fencing, single sticks, weight throwing, an those kind of exercises comprise the " course " which members are to go through, and what more popular cluster of recreation can one find for young Englishmen What more beneficial, if conducted with proper desorum and system. The room is a large and spacious one. At present it is very plain and rather bare, but that is because there has not yet been time to equip it properly. At one end of the room there is a small dressing compartment, and near by was burning a large bright fire. Extending. along the sides of the room were seated some sixty per- sons, most of them well known athletes. In the centre of the room was roped off a 22 feet square, which I sup- pose, in sporting parlance would be described as a "ring." I sat down on a form and presently two ath- letes, in costume, with the " gloves " on entered the "ring." They met in the centre and shook hands, and then the M.C. said " time." They set to, and sparred away for about three minutes, when the M.C., watch in, hand again cried time. The first round was over;. the two combatants sat on stools in opposite corners and were fanned with towels. They set to again and had three more rounds, and then adjourned to the dressing- room. Two or three other pairs came and indulged in a similar combat. I was told that four rounds were the limit to each "do." There was nothing exciting in either of these combats; they were quite friendly affairs and from the occasionally excited look and un- scientific movements of one of each couple I thought that the pairs were rather unequally matched. I did not err, either, for I was presently told that during prac- tice it was the custom for a smart " fist" to take on a novice. 'This was done for the purpose of bringing the novice out.

"Yes," said my informant, "and I'll warrant it will! be an effective way of practicing. We are going to conduct all the exeteises, and if possible, equip ,the room on the most approved style. One day this week a deputation from our club, consisting of Mr.T. Grounds, Mr. " Fair " Turner, and Mr. Anderton, visited the Manchester Athletic Club, and the Orme Club, Manches- ter. They were shown round by Mr.Bellhouse, solicitor, who gave them all the information they wanted and some good practical hints ton. Mr. Bellhouse, you know, is one of the champion amateur boxers of the north. At his club they hold fortnightly displays of tournaments. We intend to do the game, and we have got some boxers and fencers amongst us who are quite capable of giving an exciting entertainment. We shall probably get some of the crack amateurs from Manches- ter, too. The displays will, to a certain extent,be public. We shall have the room fitted out snugly,and—but wait,. we are going to have a smart dust now. II ,---and E—have got them on together."

This was certainly a set too worth watching. The onlookers knew it, too, and throughout this combat,. like the-others, they never gave way to any loud oritic- isms, but watched in a way that spoke much for the decorum of the club. It was good to watch the two , combatants, for they are both recognised to be very I smart with the" gloves," and they are both men of sinew and agility. For four rounds they west a each other " ding-dong," and at the conclusion they were red in the face with each other's batterings,. and were panting and fatigued with their own lorisk exertions. There was a marked difference in the way these two men conducted themselves in the combat. One never guarded his face, that was F-, but after Sayer's style avoided most of the blows directed at his face, by alert dodgings of his head. And he didn't much mind the blows anywhere else. Th, other man, was the opposite. Be took all his punishment full in face ;he didn't seem to mind it either, and held his head stiff and erect all the time.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL

A meeting of this Council will he held on Tiles- day, when the minutes of the varioas Committees will be submitted.

NEW BUILDINGS. The Street Improvement and Lighting Committee will reeommend that the plans of the following buildings, dm., be approved • 26 cottages in Birchall-street, for Mr. J. Mounfield, jun. ; Albion Hotel, in Battersby-lane,. for Messrs. Greenall, Whitley, and Co., Limited; amended plan of houses at Bank Quay, for Mr. Thomas Williams; and 13 cottages at Howley Quay, for Mr. J, E. Wright. HOUSE-TO-HOUSE INSPECTION.-CLOSING INSANITARY PROPRRTY.

The Health Committee have resolved that a house-to- house inspection be made throughout the borough ;'and that the Town Clerk be instructed to take the necessary proceedings under the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890,f or the closing of the under-mentioned houses, all of which have been reported by the Medical Officer of Health to he unfit for habitation :—Nos. 1; 3", 5,2; 4, 6, Glasshouse-square ; and Nos. 2, 4; 6, Mottram's-yard, Scotland-road.

LONGFORD OASES ANALYSED.

The minutes of the Health Committee contain the fol- lowing letter r-9, Ilackins Hey, Liverpool, Tanuary 10th, 1893. Dear sir,—ln reply to your letter-of yester- day's date, the following is the analysis of the gas drawn from the chimney at your Longford' Works, on May 17th, 1892 :—Nitrogen, 8610 per cent. ; oxygen, 13.03 ; carbonic acid, 3.37 ; carbonic oxide, nil; sul- phurous acid, trace ; hydrogen and hydro-carbon, nil. On evaporating the distilled water through which the gas had been aspirated no other odour was observable than that of sulphurous anhydride. When completely j evaporated at 2120 F. no residue was left excepting a I trace of sulphuric acid. Trusting the foregoing may j afford you the information you require,yours very truly, A. NORMAN TATS AND CO, T. Longdin, Esq., Warring. I ton.

THE LITE NM F. W. WALKER. The Paving and Sewerage Committee have resolved "that a sincere vote of condolence be passed to the widow and family of the late Mr. F. W. Walker, the assistant surveyor of this borough, expressing the deep sense of the Committee of the loss of a most valuable and faithful servant." ACCEPTANCE OF CONTRACTS. The following tenders have been accepted by various committees:—Of Messrs. Bryan, Donkin, and Co., Ltd., for the supply of an engine and patent exhauster at Longford Works at £320 ; of Messra. Chapman, Bros., to erect new scrubber at Mersey-street works at £6OO ; of Messrs. J. Blundell and Sort for the supply of slack for twelve months at Ek. 10d. par ton, delivered at Winvvick ; of Mr. W. Cross to erect retaining wall at Longford Depot, according to plans and specification, £74 10s. ; of Mr. James Warburton to supply V) tons of straw, at £2 15s. per ten; of Messrs. Homan and Rogers to erect roof columns and staging complete, at Longford, at £558 ; of Messrs. Carter and Son for the supply of bird seeds for six MontllS. THE SALARIES OF OFFICIALS. The General Purposes Committee have resolved that the Finance Committee be req tested to report upon the salaries of all the Corporation officials,and prepare a sliding scale for advances to a maximum to be fixed in each case. In the meantime the Water Committee recommended that the salary of Mr. Edward Reddish, chief clerk and cashier, be increased from £143 to £156 per annum; and that the sMary of Mr. Joel Smith, collector, be ia- creasPd from £lO4 to £ll7 per annum. The General Purposes Committee recommend that the salary of Mr. Stanley Wilson be increased to £125 per annum, to date from 25th March next.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
THE "SILVER KO G."

The" Silver King" is a play which always con- tains a charm alike to Warrington audiences and those of other towns. The whole secret of the attraction in this drama is, in the first place, the noble and tender pathos of the title character, " Wilfred Denver, the Silver Xing," and in the second place the audience's interest is sustained by the ever changing situations and developments in the plot. The piece itself is a di cult one to do justice to, and therefore in the great success which Mr. Clifton Alderson's Company have won during the week, we are called upon to both congratulate the individual interpretations of the company, , and she skilful efforts of the stage manage- ment. The latter especially deserve credit, for the scenes in the" Silver King "• are many and varied, and unless dealt with in a prompt and alert manner are likely to cause serious delays. But about the actin. First a tribute is due to Mr. Alderson for his impersona- tion of the title-role it can simply be described as an al- most perfect interpretation of the dignified, sad, pathetic and oft-times passionate character around which the whole web of the play is woven. Miss Maud Digby as the wife of Wilfred Denby was also a great success. As the " Spider " Mr. Charles Chute was excellent. The remainder of the characters were well cared for.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

HAND or HOPE.

Last evening week the monthly meeting of the above was held in the Wesleyan School Room, Mr. John Atherton was in the- chair. The programme consisted of an attractive selection of violin, cor- net, and pianoforte solos and duets, recitations, solos, and choruses by the choir, and a olialogue entitled" Biddy and the Boarder." The ladies and gentlemen taking, part were: Misses Hobson, Dumbill, Flumpton. and Jackson. The violin and cornet performances were rendered by 1/lessrs. J. Dyble and A. Parken. The dialogue was.sustained by Misses M. Wynn, A., Hughes, A. Boardman, and Messrs. J. Lewis, J. Smith, and P. Hughes, Mr. W. Wright; of Warrington, and Mr. H. Manley, recited, and Mrs. Bell gave a reading. At the close Mr., Pardoe moved a vote of thanks and Mr. A. Whit& seconded. Miss Faith Hughes, of Garston ; and Miss A. Moves accompanied the performers.

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOORATION. On Wednesday evening the weekly meeting was field in the Wesleyan School. Thera was a moder- ate but select audience. The meeting was under the charge of Mr. David Garnett and a most enjoy- able concert was provided by him. The musical programme was provided by Messrs. R. H. Pearson (violin), W. H. Payton (piano), and H. Bond (cello). The programme consisted of selections from such masters as Handel, Fesca, Mendetssohn, and "Were. wski. The selections were imost tastefully ren- dered, and gave the greatest satisfaction. Mr. H. Griffiths also gave in a masterly style the songs : " A Good Company," and " '54," and received most hearty applause. The concert was in the , opinion of the audience the most artistic and successful that had been given in connection with the Association. At the close Mr. J. Watson pro- posed a vote of thanks to the performers and to Mr. Garnett. Mr. J. Wigfi.eld supported the motion, which was carried by acclamation. Mr. D. Garnett gave an interesting biographical sketch of the "Life of Handel."

===== 0002601_18930204_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
L? MM.

WESLEYAN MUTUAL IMEROVENENT SOCIETY.—A meet- in connection with the above society was held on Monday evening, the chair being occupied by Mr. Brigg. An interesting paper was read by Mr. Brereton on ,4 Licensing Reform," the debate being ably carried on by Messrs. Thorp, Brown, Upson, Allen, and the Chair- man. There was a very goad attendance

LATEST NEWS.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EGYPTIAN SITUATION.

ALARMING Tr&FGRAM FRGM LORDSROMER,

The Press Association understands that Lord Cromer has telegraphed to the Government that the present state of affairs in Egypt may necessitate the landing of all the troops ordered out by the Government last week.

===== 0002601_18930204_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

There was again a full attendance of hon. membors when the Speaker took the chair at five minutes past three yesterday afternoon. The number of questions on the paper was not so lame as on Thursday, the total having dropped to thirty-seven. RENEWAL ^I. LICENCES REFUSED.--en the motion of Mr. John Ellis a return was ordered giving the number and particular in each case:of licenses for the sale of in- toxicating liquors the renewal of which had been refused in the past year. ILLITERATES IN THE NORTH MEATH Ett,NCT/ON.—ME. Webster asked the Rome Secretary if he would inform the house prior to the debate on the North and South Meath election petitions the number of electors who voted as illiterates at the late general election in these constituencies. Mr. Asquith replied that he had tele- ' graphed to Dublin for the information, but it had not yet arrived. AMENDMENTS TO THE ADDRESS.—S6VeraI new amend- ments to the Address, making the number fourteen in all, were printed in the order papers. They include the appointment of a Minister for Nines, proposed by Mr. Pritchard Morgan, and a prayer for the appointment of a Royal Commission to inquire into the conditions of the postal service, standing in the name of Mr. Macdonald. GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS AND HOME PRODUCTB.---001°- nel Howard Vincent gave notice that he should move that a clause be inserted in all Government contracts sproviding that, where possible, the whole of the goods upplied ahould be of Wash or Irish product-Wu..

ItfARKET7k

ROCTIE'S HERBAL EMBROCAPION.

ROCHE'S HERBAL • EMBROCATION.

Warrington.—Printed and Publishea by-Rnix Wa-LORtrot at The Examiner General Printing Works. Bewsers roAa and Pnblished also at The Ke4mi2ger Offices, Irictoria;,,. WIDNES; ES ; and 33 .BRutreNect.a.lvala =xi; 32,r0OwNeo.r H _goir-stori,oet:T. ". 4, 189.3,

===== 0002601_18930204_art0116.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1511 T,

===== 0002601_18930204_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
I

T. .7 OIIN ' S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, WINWICK-STREET. WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) FEBRUARY sYir, at 630. REV. J. WARNOCK, M.A., B.D. SITILrEcT "Does unbelief limit one's life cr enbrge it?" WYCLIFFE CHURCH, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. TO-MOREc)W (513 DAY)FEuxuans STu. 1893. YOUNG .40FLE'S SERVICE at 10.30. Special Hymns provided. dresa by REV. J. YONGE. N.B.—Subject of Mr. Yonge's °ening Sermon, " The Inheritance of the Saints in light"; 'lbere and what ia it? Usual offertories.

EMPIRE THEATRE OF VARIETIES, SANKEY-STREET, WA PRINGTON. MONDAY FEBRUARY 6rtt, and du. lug the we"k The Company this week includes McKAY and Grant, the !oyelty boys in their laughable sketch " Imogene's Dilemma." 42.3...e.L0renz Bros., Champion High Kickers and Legmanie '44fes. And owing to their great success the 4. POOLE PELHAMS. 4. Who will introduce fresh business. Prices as usual. Is. Ci. 3d.

I ------ I 0 N II 0 TEL ASSEMBLY ROOM, WARRINGTON. ; MONS. ROSETTI ,: , Has the honour to announce that he will give a PIANOFORTE RECITAL. , Assisted by several eminent artistes, in the above room on TUESDAY EVENING, FEBRUARY 21sT, 1893. Further particulars next week.

PET ER's CHURCH, WARRINGTON. - THE ANNUAL TEA PARTY AND ENTERTAINMENT will be held on N; MONDAY, FEARIJISY 13th, 1893. i';.._TLl. at half-psst Six. Entertainment at 7.40. At John- reet schoolroom, Warrington. ---_, TICKETS is. each. After Tea. 6d. SPAUL'S WARRINGTON.—The CONGREGA- • TIONAL TEA PARTY will be held in the CO-OPERATIVE HALL, SANKEY-STREET, t; On MONDAY, 6th FEB., 1893. iTel on Tables at 6 o'clock. A MUSICAL ENTERTAINMIVNT at 7-30, The Chair will betaken by Mr. ROBERT DAVIES. Tickets Is. ; fo, Entertainment only I—Sixpence.

IfRITAIN'S NATIONAL CRIME, A MEETING ON THE OPIUM TRAFFIC 1 IN INDIA and CHINA, will be held in the FRIENDS' MEETING HOUSE. ' BUTTERMARKET-ST., WARRINGTON, On MONDAY next, FEB. 6th, 1893. cem be addressed by Miss SOONDERBAI POWAR (a I.,oristian Gentlewoman from Bombay). and Mr. ALEX, , tkNCi MAN (of the China Inland Mission). t ~he Chair to be taken at 7.45 p.m. by Mr. J. ETHER ...ioNG. .'.4.pollection will be made towards the Expenses of the 44tt.Opium Work.

it ROYAL COURT THEATRE, RYLANDS-ST., . WARRINGTON. TO-NIGHT, THE "SILVER KING." , lic Week commencing February 6th. e I/ , sem MORELL & MOUILLOT'S COMPANY in the latest tew ,l end greatest Loud:m Success, TM? DARK CONTINFNT, 14 ,- aying nightly to crowded an.l enthusiastic audiences, virouch the eminent actor Mr. FRED FRICK MOUILLOT, sll,,,,ayPear, supported by the entire Company, Scenery, and e,e.i7 s direct from the Grand Theatre, London.—" The mcst : .-.......L!..n g Drama of the day."—London Daily Chrrnic;e "\AT .

ARRINGTON AIUSICAL SOCIETY. , PRESIDENT—JOHN kIYLANDS, ESQ., J.P. TRIs THE NEXT CONCERT will be given in ROYAL COURT THEATRE, RYLANDS-STREET, WARRINGTON, ON TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 14TH, 1E93. MENDELSSOHN'S GRAND ORATORIO "ELIJAH." PRINCIPAL VOCALISTS : MISS MAGGIE DAVIES, SOPRANO. MISS JEANIE RANKIN, CONTRALTO. MR. MALDWYN HUMPHRIES, TENOR. ... MR. FFRANGCON DAVIES. BARITONE. ‘-'I.tORUS AND ORCHESTRA OP' 200 PERFORMERS. 1 CONDUCTOR : Mr. FRANK H. CROSSLEY. ...ADMISSION :---65., Si., 3.8.. and 2s. Back Seats, Is. Open ..4 7, Concert at 7.30. Carriages 10. Special trains. ' u PLAN OF RESERVED SEATS open to subscribers at Mr. ""• 10 it. PEARSO ' N'S BOldrFt , OR TUESDAY NEXT, February 7, at .. kin H ' , and to the public on and after THURSDAY NEXT, ' 4ebruary 9th. W. B. ATKIN. Hon. See.

'ARGR AVE CHURCH, EARLESTOWN. 1 --- °n SUNDAY NEXT, FEBRUARY STH, and the following ' 6lnz ...... --DAY FEBRUARY 12T11, THIS CNURCH WILL BE vi3OSED during the alterations to the organ. , ~, , 'ne USUAL SERVICES will be held In the SCHOOL- . 10$3 M at 10.30 a.m. and 6.30 p.m. J. CA N. Rector. 1 IVERPOOL DIOCESAN SUNDkY SCHOOL 1) • INSTITUTE —SEWONTEETHE ANNUAL MEETING = 154....tia, OF THE LIVERPOOL INSTITUTE, Mount-SI., on MON- T. th, EVENING, FEB. 6TH. 1893. Chair taken at 7.30 byRSO ' Ee- "-ORE BISHOP of the DIOCESE. Speakers .—The Rt. It v. BISHOP ROYSTON. Dl).; Rev. CANON BLUNDELL, :WA , Rector of Halsall ; Rev. J. W. WILLINK. M.A., of St. Helens ; CHARLES McARTHUR, Esq . Pleat- ( v, ntiverpool Chamber of Commerce. ' NORTHERN CIRCUIT WINTER ASSIZES. ° Th FEBRUARY and MARCH, 1893. LANCASTER. Commissions for holding these Assizes will be opened neaster on Thursday, the 23rd February. A, tenr Prosecutors and Witnesses are required to be in at- -4 er2uce ou Fria y. the 24th February, at the sitting of the OW 11 Court, at 11 o'clock am.; and their attendance will ' welegnired on all sub,equent days during the Assizes at 10 Cick a.m, unless otherwise specially directed. MANCHESTER, et k ‘-ornmimions for holding these Assizes will be opened Thenchester on Monday, the 27th February. bt e Regulations for c3nducting the Criminal Business will beblisbed in due time. LIVF.RPOOL. lie Commission for I oldins4 these Assizes will be opened at T',t'Pool, on Monday, the 13th March. hegulations for conducting the Criminal Business will "Wished in due time. Bivi, -- -, Bueiness and Bail Cases will be taken at the above Assizes. Oft HENRY STEPHEN. Clerk ef Assize. ,e 8 of Clerk of Assize, Preston, Ist February. 1893. 14-'o.—lt is particulariy requ, sted that all Depositions, .wityitisitions. and Eter•ognizances, may be IMMEDIATELY' for- Iled to ^ne. at Prest is.

1:403/AS CLARKE, EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, MARX EA.RLESTOWN. - Rood selection of PLAIN and FANCY STATIONERY in stock, London and Provinc:al New spapers, Weekly 'cal, Daily and Weekly, &c., &c„ delivered in the bourhood of Earlestown,Wargrave, and the Vulcan. vALENTINES, COMIC and FANCY, can be had at the address.

°DIAS I....)OWDELL. HOUSE AND ESTATE AGENT, 38, KNUTSFORD-ROAD, WARRINGTON, l'soar TS of Cottages and other Property in town or country te `arlY collected and paid over monthly, quarterly, v% desired. Nu:2. Collects in Warrington, Widnes, Rustcorn, and Prod- -11:1 on Mondays; Lymm and district, oa Tuesdays. —acrets3es and terms on application.

TI TIE HUMAN HAIR. IF YOUR HAIR IS FALLING OFF. t,l4l,lsUlt S. TAYLOR, or Use His Renowned Preparations, - 'HAMM EXTRACT and POMADE, which are 'PAIR RESTORERS of the HAIR. LOWS SEDATIVE AND NUTRITIVE CREAM is ..s:!ble for nertectly Relieving the Skin from Irritation and the Hair from Scurf. Prepared only by S. TAYLOR, HAIRDRESSER AND PERFUMER, 26 AND 28, KING-STREET. MANCHESTER.

WAD EPUPTERES. - FOR CURE • OF RUPTURES. Aid T. ECiGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Trues and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 A 9. Grosvenor-street, Lon- don-road, Manchester.

LIVERPOOL DRAMATIC AGENCY provides every description Of Entertainment. Private or Public. Musicians, &c. Elocution, Singing, Dancing, &c., taught; professional teachsrs. Fancy costumes, scenery, &c., on hire.—Mr. CHARLES WYBERT, 6, Russell-street, Liverpool.

MR. J J. BRADY, (Sen. Hon. L.C.M.) Band Master of Gossage's Prize Band, is prepared to teach a few young bands for Contests or other purposes.—For Terms apply 112, Oakland-street. Widnes.

J. 11. PEPLOW S QUADRILLE BAND FOR BALLS AND EVENINCI PARTIES. THE LATEST MUSIC. FOR TERMS ADDRESS 169, WARGRAVE ROAD, EARLESTOWN.

DANCING AND CALISTHENICS.—MISS CAVANAGH holds her CLASS E• 4 at 63, BEWSEY-ST., WARRINGTON. BEGINNERS on MONDAY, 7-30 p.m. ADVANCED, On WEDNESDAYS, at 7-55 p.m. CHILDREN'S On SATURDAY, at 2 p.m.—Terms 10s. 6d. per quarter, commencing from date of entrance. FAMILIES ARRANGED WITH. PRIVATE LESSONS in all fashionaUle mum+ dances. One guinea per quarter. Three lessons in the Waltz, 68. 6d. SCHOOLS AND FAMILIES ATTENDED.

'DANCING.—The Waltz and all Ballroom Dances thoroughly Tring,ht, in class or privately, age imma- terial; private lessons at any hour; classes daily, Pupils are quickly taught. and success is assured. Skirt dancing, lolantho, the Darn Dance, and all the latest novelties. Schools and families atiended.—Prospectus on application. Special Day Classes Tuesdays, 3.15 ; Wednesdays.2.3o. The Manchester Academy of Dancing. Thorrileigh, 68, Uprer Prook-street, Manchester. Principals Mr. and MTS. GEORGE ALEXANDER.

PARK ROAD, NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS. mR. P. FAIRCLOUGII, Organist and Choir- master St. Peter's Church; Member of Trinity College, London, Solicits Pupils for Pianoforte, Organ Singing, Theory, ttc. Terms moderate. Pupils prepared for the Trinity College and other Examinations. Pianos carefully Tuned. Terms Moderate.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office : 168, ISLINGTON-SQUARE, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable 6s Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2s. 3d. £5O, „ 20s. „ PO £3 9s. Od. £lOO, „ 40s. „ £6 16s. NI. ALEX. GORDON. Manager.

WARRINGTON CONCENTRATED MANURE. —Agent: Me. JOSEPH TAYLOR, Lion Hotel, Warrington, who will attend the Warrington, Chester, and Knutsford Mriets. All orders promptly exe- cuted. Analysis and testimonials on application.

WARRINGTON CORPORATION. CONCENTRATED MANURE FIFTEENTH SEASON. Agent for all England— MR. WILLIAM HOUGHTON, PADDINGTON, WARRINGTON.

IMPORTANT TO FARMERS! THE MANCHESTER CORPORATION CONCENTRATED MANURE, MADE FROM BLOOD, BONES, FISH, AND DRIED ANIMAL MATTER, ETC., From the city slaughter-bouses, markets, etc,, Contains from 31 to 4 per cent. AMMONIA an n to 10 per cent. BONE PHOSPHATES. Analysis Guaranteed. 23 PER TONe;tl),egleivpeariecit t4hLnneiaor:sst within Station, , Supply strictly limited. For Samples, Testimonials, dm., apply to H. WHILEY, SUPERINTENDENT, CLEANSING DEPARTMENT, TOWN HALL, MANCHESTER; OR TO MR. BOLD ALDRED, STAMFORD-ROAD, ALTRINCHAM.

(MORRIS'S TOLU & HONEY. The only Cure for Colds, Coughs, Bronchitis, &c. FACTS. 4 MORRIS'S TIC-CUBA PILLS. The only Cure for Neuralgia, Tic, and IToothache. , MORRIS, Chemist, Alexandra-road, Mim- i cheater, and all Dealers.

HALL'S MY HATTER, Uneasy Is the head that has not one of HALL'S HATS upon it, For it is a well-known fact that HALL'S HATS WEAR LONGEST. LOOK NEATEST, and FIT EASIEST. From Is. 6d., to 6a. 6d. To be obtained only at H ALL'S, THE NOTED HIT SHOP, 1, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. Do you want a good Pair of Leggings? Go to Hall's for them.

DON'T WASTE MONEY! By Purchasing unnecessary la, ge packets of Seeds when a smeller quantity will suffice. BIDDLES AND CO., The PENNY PACKET SEED COMPANY, LOUGHBOROUGH, LEICESTERSHIRE, Claim to supply Seeds on the most economical system iu the World, and thereby defy competition. 3,000 VARIETIES 3,000 Of Vegetable and Flower Seeds are supplied by us in ONE PENNY packets, and every one of the very best quality in conveniently small quantities. PRESS OPINIONS. " We cannot but think that a very desirable scheme" (our Penny Packet system) "is here propounded."—" Peter- borough Standard." " An experience of several years justifies the pronouncing of the quality of sleds as equal to that contained iu larger and more costly packets." --" Newcastle Chronicle." "The firm has a high reputation and standing, and we com- mend them to the notice of amateur gardeners and others who desire to make their gardens look bright during the com- ing season in a very economical and effective manner."— Horticultural Times." LIST OF VEGETABLE AND FLOWER SEEDS SENT GRATIS AND POST FREE. Our COMPLETE ILLIRITRATED CATALOGUE, contain- ing Lists of Vegetables and Flower Seeds, Bulbs, Roses, Hardy Plants, ac., with descriptions and cultural directions, and 500 Illustrations, the whole forming a complete Garden Guide, price One Shilling, post free.

Nv HITE ST AR LINE, ROYAL MAIL STEADIERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK. via Queenstown. every Wed. .MAJESTIC ... Wed.. Feb. 8 BRITANNIC ... Wed.. Feb. 15 Second Cabin will be carried on the voyage marked thus. Steerage passengers will now be carried by Special Arrangement The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform in model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply JOSEPH SMITH, 61, Legh-st., War- rington, or to Ismey, Imutc, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-atreet. London, E.C., and 10, Water-street. Liverpool.

WARM FEET By using our HECLA BED-AIRERS & FOOT-WARMERS, Complete, with natural-wool covering. Recommended by the LANCET. Price in Strong Copper. 5s 6d. Tinned Steel, 35. Free per parcel post on receipt of Postal order. Try our MACKENZIE BRONCHITIS KETTLE, 4s. Free per post. W. SHIRLEY AND CO.. 117, Lord-street, Wolverhampton.

" rrHE SIGN OF 4," 1. followed by 3, is the number of HEMBREY'S LINOLEUM WAREHOUSE in CROSS-STREET, where you can buy the best and most perfect designs in Linoleum thoroughly matured and ready for laying from is. 4d. per square yard upwards; Linoleum, Corticine Cork Carpet Rugs, Brussels and Tapestry Carpets and l'quares, Mats, Matting, Austrian Bentwood Chairs, Tables, &c. The Largest Stock and Best Selection in the Provinces. -at HEMBRY & CO., U. 43, CROSS-STREET (Albert-square). MANCHESTER.

THOMAS FRAIN begs to intimate that he has _IL taken into partnership Mr. WILLIAM GROVE, and that his business will in future be carried on under the name of FRAIN AND GROVE, RENT and D11:13T COLLECTORS, House, Eitate, and General Commission Agents, 12, EDGEWORTH STREET, WARRINGTON. RENTS AND ACCOUNTS regularly collected in town or country.—DEßTS PURCHASED. References and Terms on application. Communications promptly attended to.

COUNTY OF CHESTER. CONTAGIOUS DISEASES (ANIMALS) ACTS, 1878 & 1886. THE RABIES ORDER OF 1892. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that in consequence of an outbreak of Rabies having occurred in the County, the following Regulations made by the Execu- tive Committee of the Local Authority of this County, at a meeting held at the Crewe Arms Hotel, Crewe, on Friday, the 9th day of December, 1892, are now in operation within the District under the jurisdiction of the Committee. SPECIAL REGULATIONS AS TO DOGS. I.—No Dog shall be allowed to be in or on any public place unless such dog is muzzled with a muzzle so constructed as to render it impossible for such Dog while wearing the same to bite any person or animal, but not so as to prevent such Dog from breathing freely or lapping water. Provided that the foregoing regulation shall not apply to packs of hounds, or greyhounds while being exercised or used for sporting purposes, or other sporting dogs or any dogs while being used for the capture or d estruction of Vermin, and in every case in charge of competent persons. 2. DOGS found in or on any public place, not being muzzled as provided in Regulation 1, or not exempt as mentioned in such Regulation, shall be seized by the police and detained and in addition to any penalties such Owner may be liable to far a breach of Regulation No. 1, all expenses connected with such detention may be recovered from the Owner of such Dog in a Court of Summary Jurisdiction ; and further that if such Dog is not claimed within three days from the seizure thereof, then it shall be slaughtered or otherwise disposed of as may be directed by the Chief Inspector of the County. 3.—Shows or Exhibitions of Dogs shall not be held within the District of the Local Authority except by License of the Local Authority granted in writing. REGULATIONS AS TO MOVEMENT OF ANIMALS FOR RABIES. 4.—No Animal shall be moved out of any Stable, Building, Kennel, Field, or other Place, if affected with or suspected of Rabies. s.—No Animal which has been in the same Stable, Building, Kennel, Field, or other Place, in which any other Animal affected with or suspected of Rabies, is or has been, shall be moved into or out of any such Stable, Building, Kennel, Field, or other Place, except on a License granted by an Inspector of the Local Authority, on a Certificate of a Veterinary Inspector appointed for this County. 6.—A1l Fodder, Litter, or other thing that has been in contact with or used for or about an Animal affected with or suspected of Rabies, shall not,be removed except by permission of an Inspector of the Local Authority. 7.—The Local Authority shall determine when Rabies has ceased to exist in an Stable, Building, Kennel, Field, or other Place. REGULATION AS TO CLEANSING AND DISINFEC- TION FOR RABIES. B.—All Utensils Feeding Troughs, Pens, Hurdles, or other things used for or about any animal affected with or suspected of Rabies, and all Carts, Vans, or Vehicles used for carrying Animals affected with, or suspected of Rabies on land otherwise than on a Railway, shall be cleansed, and disinfected at the expense of the owner, to the satisfaction of an Inspector of the Local Authority, in the manner following:— a. By the sweeping out and effectually removing therefrom all dung, sawdust, litter, or other matter. b. By the thorough cleansing thereof with a solu- tion of Carbolic Acid and boiling water in the following proportions, via :—Half-a-pint of Carbolic Acid well mixed with each gallon of water. REGULATION AS TO SLAUGHTER OF ANIMALS AFFECTED WITH RABIES. 9.—The Owner of any Dog or other Animal affected with Rabies, shall, on the receipt of notice from an In- spector of the Local Authority, requiring him so to do, forthwith cause such Dog or other Animal to be slaugh- tered ; but if the owner of any Animal other than a Dog affected with Rabies gives notice in writing to such In- spector that he objects thereto, the same need not be slaughtered except with the further Special Authority of the Board of Agriculture. REGULATION AS TO THE SLAUGHTER OF ANIMALS SUSPECTED OF RABIES. 10.—The Owner of any Animal suspected of Rabies, shall, on the receipt of notice from an Inspector of the Local Authority requiring him to do so, forthwith cause such Animal to be slaughtered; but if the Owner of such Animal gives notice in writing to such Inspector that he objects thereto, the same need not be slaughtered except with the further Special Authority ol the Board of Agriculture. REGULATION AS TO DISPOSAL OF CARCASES. 11.—The Carcase of any Animal that has died of, or been slaughtered for Rabies, or been suspected of Rabies, shall be disposed of under the supervision of an Inspec- tor of the Local Authority, at the expense of the Owner, by burying the same as soon as possible in its skin which must be first slashed so as to be useless, in some proper place,and be covered with a sufficient quantity of quick- lime, or other disinfectant, and with not less than six feet of earth. INTERPRETATION. Animals except where it is otherwise expressly pro- vided, includes, with the animals specified in the Act of 1878 (that is cattle, sheep, and goats. and all other rum- inating animals, and swine), horses, asses, mules, and dogs. Suspected animal means an animal suspected of rabies, and includes any animal which has been bitten by any diseased or suspected animal or which has been in the same stable, building, kennel, field, or other place, or otherwise in contact, with any diseased or suspected animal, or which has been otherwise exposed to the infection of rabies. Public place includes any street,highway,thoroughfa re, public bridge, royal park,public pari,garden,or pleasure ground,common unenclosed land, or other place to which the public have for the time being access: Carcase means the carcase of an animal, and part of such a carcase, and the meat, flesh, bones, hide, skin, hoofs, horns, offal, or other part of an animal, separ- ately or otherwise, or any portion thereof. PENALTIES. Any offence against the above Regulations is deemed an offence against the Act of 1878, which renders the offender liable to a penalty of not exceeding Twenty Pounds. DISTRICT. The District of the Local Authority of the County of Chester does not include the City of Chester, or any of the Boroughs either wholly or partly within this County. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk to the Cheshire County Council. Chester, 28th January, 1893.

TEETH. TEETH. TEETH.. TEETH. PARKINSON'S TEETH, are, at the price, UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The public TEETH. may rest assured that these statements are based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, and perhaps TEETTI, the best guarantee of this to intending patients that J. H. PARKINSON has one of the _ Larkest Dental Practices in England, the out- come of e nploying the BEST LABOUR, using the BEST MATERIALS obtainable, and charg- TEEM lag the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. Any set made, or work done by him, and CHARGE. TEETH. . not giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION in Every Detail will be immediately corrected, or TEETII an ENTIRE NEW SET made FREE OF These conditions Insure the public's satlsfac- f EETH. Lion and recommendation, exemplified by 21 sets having been inserted for patients during TEETH. one year only, directly and indirectly through the voluntary persuasion and recommendatim TEETH. of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any or all of these patients' names and addresses, for rate- TEETH. renee, will be given to any would-be patient personally applying for them. These, with TEETH thousands in the past, each recommending EETH. their friends, speak volumes for Mr. Parkin- son's 81.10Cess. TEETH. His unusually Large Dental Establishment, adapted for the COMFORT of Patients, MUST TEETH. NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCOME FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily from 9to 12 TEETH. and 2to 6. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION, 84c., as hitherto, by the aid of his own made TEETH. LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which he now liquefies for sale to dentists nearly 10,000 gal. TEETH. lons weekly. Patients, have, therefore, in this speciality also the benefit of his experience. TEET". CLOSED ALL DAY ON FRIDAYS. - TEETH. J. H. PARKINSON, Dentist by Examination. -I- 46, NIOSLEY-STREET. MANCHESTER, WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, at Miss Charles's. Ladles' Outfitter, Sankey-street, from 2 to 5 p.m. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes, (late Miss Parson's), Confectioner, Bridge-street, from 2 to 5. NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS. at Miss Gibson's, 2, Ca3thi• Street. from a" 11 to b. JO

f't ijRITCHLE Y, VIE NOTED TAILOR, FIRST QUALITY IN LABOUR FIT AND STYLE. SPECIALITIES. COVERT COATS, 40S. SUITS, 505. TROUSERS 16s. DRESS SUITS 70s. J. C. having a large stock of late season goods, is offering same at greatly reduced prices. 6 BOLD STREET. V ARRINGTON.

THE EMPIRE TEA CO's NOTED rfEAS 9/ 6 • fl PER AT 2,-, 2/4, 2/0, & 4, 416 LB. WE GIVE ONE CHEQUE, OR VALUE 3n. WITH EACH QUARTER-POUND TEA. Purchasers or Cheque Holders have a costly and varied Stock of useful and ornamental Articles to choose from. • Sheets, Tabled( the, Towels, &c. Kitchen and Parlour Rugs, 1-3 0I E.; Door mats all sorts. 0 Floor and Table Oilcloths, H 0 El Ironware in great variety, rn Baskets, Brushes, de., 0 co M C 4 Cutlery all sorts, p China, and Earthenware, Toilet Sets, Trinket Sets, 0 • Lamps a large assortment, Glassware all sorts' • Vases and other ornaments in great variety. Culinary articles too varied to enumerate. THE EMPIRE TEA COMPANY, 16, HORSEMARXELSTREET, WARRINGTON.

BLAIR'S GOUT, RHEUMATISM, LUMBAGO, NEURALGIA, .0300° The SCIATICA. ACUTE PAIN 01) "11— is quickly relieved. °C)AIt andknown:sththeseeGereluaierßdleimneaPfidy7flo'rdwathesi above complaints. Sure, Safe, and Effectaal SOLD BY ALL CHEMISTS at Is. lid., and 2s. Sd. per box. PILLS.

WILLIAMS AND CO. CASH TAILORS, ROYAL EXCHANGE CORNER, ST. ANNE'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER, DURING T 111.3 MONTH ONLY will sell all OVERCOAT- INGS at a price to clear THE 355. OVERCOATS will be sold at 30S. Aitd better qualities at the same reduction. THE 505. SUIT, All Tweed, will be cleared at the above price, many are Worth 70s, 13S. TROUSERS 13S. All Remnants will be used at this price, Many are worth 21s. SEE OUR WINDOWS THIS WEEK.

Q ALLSOPP & SON'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS And VARCY & sors CELEBRATED DUBLIN STOUT In 9, 18, and 36 Gallon Casks, or Bott AGENT PETER LEIGH, NORSEMARKET STREET. WARRINGTON.

EVANS' IMMENSE AND POPULAR SALE OF THE SEASON COMMENCES THIS DAY SATURDAY. JAN. 28. SWEEPING REDUCTIONS. ALARMING SACRIFICES, AND GREATEST BARGAINS EVER OFFERED. EVANS', SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

eIT AS. M. G REENHALGH, CABINET MAKER, & UPHOLSTERER BEGS TO ANNOUNCE THAT HE HAS OPENED SHOW ROOMS On the Premises lately occupied by Messrs. Henry Milling and Co. 48 S S ANKEY TREET, WARRINGTON. An respectfully invites Inspection of his Stock. He also begs to intimate that he is still prepared to execute Orders for DECORATIVE WOOD WORK AND UPHOLSTERY. Of every description in any particular Style or period of Design, And hopes to continue to give his productions such qualities as shall commend them to his customers, and will make designs for any article required— either inexpensive or highly-wrought, as suggested by his customers. WORKSHOPS: KING STREET WARRINGTON. SHOW ROOMS: 48, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

WORTHINGTON'S BURTON ALES AND STOUTS. FINDLATER'S DUBLIN INVALID AND OTHER STOUTS. GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT IN CASK OR BOTTLE, FINDLATER'S STOUTS may now be had in at gallon casks. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS in bottles only. J. M. BEACON. BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER, 14. ST. JAMES-ST.. WARRINGTON.

MENS' AND BOYS' SHIRTS, CARDIGAN JACKETS, WOOL AND MERINO UNDER SHIRTS, PANTS, DRAWERS, HOSIERY, &c. THE LARGEST ASSORTMENT AND BEST VALUE IN WARRINOTON. SEE WINDOWS AND OUTSIDE SHOW. SUTTON, J. S 18, MARKET-ST., WARRINGTON.

LORD BROTHERS, LADIES ULSTERS With separate Capes, Tailor-made. FUR EDGE QUILTED CLOAKS, Lined Satin and Italian guaranteed all Worsted and Sewn Silk. JACKETS, Beaver and Astrachan trimmed, in Beaver and Kyrie at 33i per cent, off viz. 20/ for 13,14 10,1— for 6/8 Young ladies' and children's tailor-made [TIMERS with detached capes in Fawns and Greys. Splendid value. Young Ladies Russian THREE-QUARTER JACKETS also Sacque 1. Jackets with bishop sleeves and Fur trim- med at 50 per cent, off, or 20/ for 1.0/1 - LADIES three-quarter JACKETS in plain Serge, and Knappy cloths, various, at from 50 per cent, to 75 per cent, off, or 30/1 for 7/ (3. The above are all exceptionally well made, and are selected from the samples of the best makers of the Trade, Two minutes' walk from Market Gate will bring you to LORD BROTHERS, 128, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON,

THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. • 8, AND 10, HORSEMARKET-ST., WARRINGTON. Is the Best and Cheapest House in the District for every class of Men's Youth's and Boys' Clothing. READY MADE OR TO MEASURE. THE M.C.I). are now showing an enlarged Stock of new High CLASS OVERCOATINCtS and SUIT- INGS for AUTUMN and WINTER SEASON in the latest designs. shades, and blends. Many produced specially for the M.O.D. Trade. HBI .C.D. Leading Line is their 21s. OVER COAT Double Breasted, in real SCOTCH TWEEDS and CHEVIOTS. Extra long, also SINGLE BREASTED In BLUE BEAVER, NAPS MILLED- MELTONS SERGES &c., of superior finish. Lined through, with Silk Velvet Collar. THE NI .C.D. Have a choice selection of Superior goods in their • 295. OVERCOAT RANGE, Single and Double Breasted CHESTERFIELDS in all Wool ludgo Dyed Beavers. TREBLE MILLED all WOOL MELTON in the latest Fashionable Shades. Woaded Blitek`and Indigo BLUE VICUNAS and SERGES which make up a very Stylish OVER- COAT. Long, Medium, or short patterns, Best TRIMMINGS. Lined all WOOL PLAID or ITALIAN CLOTHS. These OVERCOATS are exceptionally good value. THE M.O.D. 05 " S. BOX OVERCOAT Wool Indigo BLUE BEAVER, MELTONS LINED THROUGH, SILVER-PLATED BUTTONS is &remarkably cheap line. Every description of LIVERIES Made to Order THE M.C.D. SCOTCH CLOAKS and INVER- NESS CAPES are showing in extensive Ranges of FASHIONABLE SCOTCH and IRISH TWEEDS, CHEVIOTS, &c. LINED THROUGHOUT. S.. D., 215., 25s 28 6 32s 6 40s. ~ D., Unequalled for Travelling Purposes. A SPECIALITY. THE M.C.D. NEW DOUBLE - BREASTED ULSTER, with BELT, 54 and 56in. long, a splendid coat, thoroughly seasonable, and very fashionable in Real SCOTCH TWEED and IRISH FRIEZE, &c., Lined throughout with WOOL PLAID. 2175. 6D., 31. 6D., 375. 6D., 425., 50s. THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS for BOYS and YOUNG GENTLEMEN are showing in large varieties of Styles and Materials, quite equal in assortment to the Men's goods, at proportionately low prices. BOYS' D.B. REEFER OVERCOATS, GILT BUTTONS S. 11D. GIRLS' D.B. REEFER OVERCOATS. GILT BUTTONS 4S. 6D. BOYS' Single and Double-breasted to CHESTERFIELDS from US. 1111 D, BOYS' INVERNESS CAPES from 7s. 6D. BOYS' SCOTCH CLOAKS from 7s. 6D. In suitable selected TWEEDS, SERGES, &c. Equally good value, all well made and trimmed, at the M.C.D. Factory, and delivered direct to the wearer. THE M.C.D, ORDER DEPARTMENT are now showing all the most fashionable MATERIALS for all kinds of garments suitable for thecoming season— Trouserlng, Suitings, Overeoatings, Lc., in Scot& and Irish Tweeds. Worsteds, Vicunas, Beavers, Mellow, Serges, &c. Quality unequalled. Prices moderate, and Fit perfect. THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. 8 AND 10, HORSEMARKET-ST., WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED OVER 30 YEARS. NEW FARM SEEDS FOR 1893. R, CATTEHALL, SEED MERCHANT, KIRKHAM AND ORMSKIEK, Has now in stock over Two Hundred Tons of CLOVER AND RYEGRASS SEEDS, The Best the World can produce. Prices Moderate. Farmers who want PURE SEEDS and GOOD CLOVER ROOTS will do well to order with Mr. Catterall or his under-mentioned Agents— Mr. D. NUTTALL, Mr. T. P. TAYLOR (Preston Brook), or Mr. JOHN SOUTHERN (Croft), Who attend Warrington Market every Wednesday ; otherwise post their orders direct to Kirkham.

WARNER, " .SAFE " CURE FOR ALL KIDNEY AND LIVER TROUBLE -WARNER'S " SAFE" CURE FOR GENERAL DEBILITY AND BRIGHT'S DISEASE. T 0 1:1 SANDS OF TESTIMONIALS I Proclaiming its merits are on file and may be examined. proclaiming are unimpeachable. Sold by all Cbemists and tuldleine Vendors. Pamphlet mailed free on application to WARNER & Co., Ltd„ 86, Clernkenweltvoad, London,

VDUCATION under healthy conditions. KIL- u 4 GRIMOL SCHOOL. ST. AN NES-ON-THR-SEA, Headmaster--JOHN ALLEN, B.PA., F.F.I. Next term eemmences January 20, 1893.

MISS LEILA BAIRSTOW, L.C.M., resumes lessons January 17th. in singing (English and Italian.) Vase production and breathing, (specialite).—Terms apply 10. Bold-st. Warrington

LADIES' SCHOOL,MELCHET HOUSE, LYTHAM. —lclusive tennis, special for clergy. references to tarmac vacancy for articled pupil.—Principals, the Misses MALLET (Miss. S. Ifalket, L.L.A.)

TPI OCK HOUSE; Hathersage, near Sheffield, Derby- shire,Catholie Preparatory School for young Gentlemen. The Misses FARRELL receive young gentlemen from 5 to 12 years of age, vacancies after Christmas holidays. Terms on application. _ _

QT. GEORGE'S SCHOOL, (Catholic), Brampton, 1.3 Huntingdon, (lt hours from King's Cross). A thoroughly Professional or Commercial Education provided at a moderate pension.—Address The PROICIPAL.—N.B. The next term begins on January 17th, 1893.

WANTED to Increase connection of Girls' Boarding School in the neighbourhood of Liverpool. LARGE ROL SE, very well situated. INCLUSIVE TERMS.—English and accomplishments, 30 to 40 guineas. ADDRESS M., Examiner Office, Warrington.

MHE MARLING ENDOWED SCHOOL, STROUD. Chairman of Governors: Sir W. H. Marling. Bart. School Fees. £?-23 a Term ; Boarding Fees, onl, MB per Annum. Boys admitted at any period at PrN ortionate Fees. For particulars apply.—W. J. aItEENSTREET, M.A., Head- master.

PREPARATORY BOARDING SCHOOL FOR MING GENTLEMEN, WEST ROYD, FORMBY, NEIII LIVERPOOL. Under the Patronage of HIS LORDSHIP THE BISHOP OF LIVERPOOL, AND THE RIGHT REV. MGR. CARE, V.G. This school offers special advantages to young and delicate bays, being near the sea, and situated in the healthiest part of Lancashire. Home comforts and individual attention. Pupils prepared for different examinations. Refereuces to many of the clergy and parents of present axd former pupils. Conducted by Certficated Mistresses. For terms. /to.. apply to Miss GOSPORD, as above.

WINTER IN SOUTH DEVON.-RALEIGH HOTEL, DARTMOUTH; overlooking delightful water, and good scenery ; terms, inclusive, 355. per week. Also Fairfax Temperance Hotel; terms from 1.95. 6d. per week.

SOUTHPORT, SIINNYSIDE HYDRO, Promenade extension. Physician, Dr. Bernardo. A summer and winter residence, combining all the comforts of a pleasant home. Sea view, parks, pier, and trams near. Ns ei Turkish and other baths, billiards, and tennis. Terms moderate.—l. Boocom, proprietor.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL. M TO 40, LUDGATE HILL. IFIOME COMFORTS. CLEANLINIISS AND QUIET. Central for business or pleasure.

A GEFlTL—Wanted, Agents to sell Cod Liver Oils. Lubric- ating Oils, Fossiline, dm., to Farmers, ear proprietors, team owners, and ahem—Apply by letter? 116$1914q.kri On. COMPANY, great Homer-st., Liverpool.

WANTED, for Earlestown and district several good men as AGENTS. by an obi established Life Assurance Society, special facilities offered for whole or spare time ; also a good CANVASSER.—Address letter, SUPERINTENDENT, 3, Alexandra Drive, St. Helens.

BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.—The Corporation of the of Warrington invite applications for the office of BOROUGH SURVEYOR'S ASSISTANT. Age from 25 to 35 years. He must have a knowledge of all municipal work, combined with draughtsmanship. Salary £153 per annum. Application, stating age and experience, and enclosing three recent testimonials to be sent to ray office not later than the 18th day of February inst., endor ed "Application for Borough ' Surveyor's As istant." Canvassing in any form will be deemed a disqualification. THOMAS LONGDIr, Town Hall, Borough Surveyor. Warrington, February 3, 1893.

rrOBACCONISTS commencing. Illd. Guide (3d.) How to I_ commence. TOBACCONISTS' OUTFITTING Co.. 186, Hus- ton Road, London. Manager, Henry Myers. Est. 1866.

sIOPPER DEPOSITING WORKS.—WANTED a pmetl- k.l cal man to act as under Manager. He must understand the burning in kilns of cupreous sulphur ore for sulphate making, or for precipitation. Must have practical experience in lixiviating such ores.—Address with particulars of previ- ous experience. age, and salary required, to 'COPPER PYRITES" care of J. W. VICKERS. 5, Nicholas-lane, London.

T EFT OFF CLOIIIES bought, best price for parcels for- -1.1 warded, if not approved, goods returned—JAMES GOR- MAN. New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326, 328, and 346, Deansgate, Manchester,

QECOND-HAND DRESS SUlTS,litarv, Theatrical,Band I.) Uniforms for sale or hire.--JAMEB GORMAN, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326, 328, and 346, Deansgate, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits perfectly new at a third cost mice.

lADIES REQUIRING Knitting Wools and Silks of the finest quality for Fancy Work, can now obtain them quite new and in all the latest calourings, with foil weight.af 16-oz. to the pound guaranteed. direct from the Machines. with the advantage of Mill Prices and the saving of two Profits. Patterns sent Free, which need not be returned. Name and Address on post card only to -PROVIDENCE MIMS SPINNING Co., BRADFORD, YORKS.

A GENTS WANTED to represent a Firm established ti since 1:43. A genuine, permanent and very remunera- tive Agency, So which no outlay or expense is attached, and which cm easily be worked, by EITHER SEX. in spare time. We have Agents of 8 years' stand-mg, who have earned as much as £2 A WEEK. whose testimonials will be sent. Write name and furl address on a post-card to A. M. RICHAUDSON, 47, Bpsingliall Street, London. E.C., when full particulars will be forwarded post free.

TOBACCONISTS and those commencing should call or send for our Price List. Competition deed.—GOLDBERG.B. Paradise-st.. Liverpool. Established 1850.

BMORIAL CARDS, Circulars, Billheads, Memoran- dusax, Tickets, Handbills, Window Bills, Posters, and printing of all kixds, executed with neatness and despatch by Joint S. GREEN, the Borough Pres 34, Bridge-street, Warrington.

riIVVO VACANCIES in Scientific Dressmakers' College.— Here young ladies are thoroughly taught either dress- making or the French millinery business. In eight weeks girls are mike competent to earn their own living, and are then placed in good situations. Young people are sent from all parts of England, Ireland, and. Scotland to be trained at this college, where proficiency is guaranteed in the eight weeks. li.ttriv dressmakers in the old style come nere to learn this splendid new ,ch ntific system. No dress requires to be fitted on. The charges at this college are extr:snely moderatp ,ta suit the times. The ages of students vary from 14 to 45. References given to late punils doing well in life. References required with each stnient. Home comforts, and every care is taken of young people placed at this college by their parents to 1.13 taught. - Write for prospectus to Madame DRAKE, Norwich.

°ROUGH OF 'WARRINGTON. TELEPHONES. TENDERS are invited for the erection of Telephones and Wires totrinnect the two Intercepting Depots at Howley and Hardy-street with the Depot at Longford. Tenders to state the Annual Charge for Maintenance, and to be sent iu or before Tuesdcy, the 14th inst. J. LYON WHITTLE. Town Heal. Town Clerk. Warrington, 4th February-, 1193.

GRATEFUL EPPS' S COSiFORTING. BREAKFAST OR SUPPER COCO A BOILING WATER OR MILK

GEORGE j'ACK S ON, PAWNBROKER, JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH, 69, in 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer In WATCHES, JEWELLERY, marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING, CHINA, GLASS, GUNS, and MUSICAL IN- ' STRUMENTS of e very Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOOD'S FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

VXCEEDINGLY handsome TOILET -ILA SET, complete. rielaiv decorated Payments taken with Tea Roses, hand painted, worth 10S 9D one guinea, take

LADY'S splendid solid silver lever WATCH, just forfeited, in first Payments taken class order, cost two years ago seventy shillings, warranted for three years, 21. s will sacrifice for

-VERY pretty and fashionable wal- V nut centre oval TABLE, beauti- Payments taken fully inlaid in various woods, support- ed by four handsomely turned legs, IPr well worth thirty shillings, only I. 1 8 6 D

FORFEITED under special contract one of Benson's famous "Ludgate" Payments taken English silver lever WATCHES, new twelve months ago, will give written 22 l9 6 guarantee for seven years, only _ D

FORPHITED Walnut WHAT-NOT and lock up Cabinet combined, Payments taken very stylish piece of furniture, good 18S 9D condition, will take

SILENDID wollen FLOCK BIRDS Bolster, and two Pillows in first Payments taken class Linen Tick, total weight 56Ibs, 11 only S D 9no pairs of the best Bolton Twill SHBETS, large size, per- Payments takee fectly new, slightly soiled, usual price 2S D 3s lid, clearing at

TO BE SOLD, as going concern, BAKER and CONFEC- TIONER'S BUSINESS; stock optional; removing to larger premises.—Apply 155, Shakespere-st , Southport.

eIHARACTBH from Handwriting I—Ail desiring a, faithful aeppcsdion of their character should send specimen with 11. la. to Profesibr c?"1"At 312, Vauxhall 4Fi4ge rgad, Westminster, London. 210 —NIISSINCI WORD COMPETITIONS. These . Competitions are stopped but £lO is quickly earned by hundreds without risk. Particulars 3 stamps.--" LEONARD, Blenheim-road. Gloucester.

QCOTCH WHlSKNY.—Parties , desiring really good Whiskey should send P.O. for 20s. for six bottles, car- riage paid to any part of lingland.-31cdEtutow and Co., Lockerbie. N. 13. Established 1825.

ON SALE.—Three patient wood 888 HIVES, Ns. each; warranted strong and healthy ; plenty honey to last a year ; approval anywhero ; over-stocked, or exchanged for pigs.—if. BTORSVE, Heck Saaith, Yorkshire.

TOHN LOWE, Fire and Thiet-proot SAFE MAKER, has ON t 1 SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap; AO to choose from. —3B, Albert-street, King-street West, Manchester.

MANUFACTURER'S REMNANTS in Stuffs. Cashmeres, Prints, Calicoes, Cretonnes, Flannels, Shirtings, and Woollen Clothes. 10 lb. bundles cheap; price list free.—W. CLARICsON, Merchant, 41, Swains-et., Bradford.

80,000 SKinDe.ntLeanaca:terfso'rceAlembraatteeudrsphoorteg 1•"; opt e- slonals. MANCTIEBIEII AGENCY is at 71. Oxford-st. (All Sainte). Lists free.. Second hand eameras bought or ex- changed. ,

TO SMALL CAPITALISTS and Persons wishful to make money. Investors or £2 10s. realised a profit of £7 within ten days of our system of "Cotton Future " dealing. Full particulars post tree from A. Dattvett is Co., 14, Tithebarn-st..Liyerpool.

DIRECT FROM THE MANUFACTORER.—On receipt of postcard I will send samples (which need not be returned) of my famous Beatrice Tweeds; 7 yards doub'e width for 108. ; worth nearly double the anoney; over 5,006 sold during last seasesa.—A. W. bENLOR, 65, Princeville-at.., Bradford. BILLIARDS BAGATELLE I—All those requiring new or second-hand, Tables. Requisites. or Billiard Wo:k done, should, before going else w here, send for HENNIG Bang., New Price List, oloth and cushion samples.—Address £9, W.O Loudon. Est. 1862.

DULL TRADE. Looms standing. 5,000 yards beautiful Blue Sergirsvil I be cut into .33% laud lengths, and mold for 3s. 6d. each. Sufficient for Gerl,-.0 Full Suit, being 56 Inches wide. send stamped envelope for pattern of cloth.— POLLOCK and 0e.,16, Park-lane. Leeds.

FOUNI) DlOAD.—Thottsands have been killed -with Sanford's?oison. Hundreds ot farmers that have used it say it is the test poison kmwn. as they find a lot di rsts dead by usingit. Post tree Is. 2d., 25., 3s box, of SANFORD and Sox, Santhy, Beds. Send stamp and try it. Sold by chemists.'

LI 00D MORNING :—WE HAVE A LITTLE TREAT FOR YOU 1-1. Beautiful Silverine PENCIL CASE, packed with Refils,in a neat box ; a patriot particularly handsome Solitaires (alone worth Is.) ; a full vet of very pretty Studs to match, and a dainty little present. To advertise cinfselves, we will send the lot free on appeals' for 6d.—.l.awseee t CO., 44, Bridge-4., Manchester.

DETACHED FREEHOLD VILLA RESIDENCE, Banks Severn, beautiful. viewi. fisi.ing, boating, Station fr, town I mile.; two good entertaining rooms ; fozer good bedrooms ; dressing-room. bathroom, w. c.'s. two kitchens, cellar, etc. Outbuilding, Tennis-lawn, Orchard, Garden. one acre. Perfect order. Possession.—MaWDSLEY, Camden Lodge, Bridgnortb, Shropshire.

HOMING PIGBONS. Black chequer cock, Gitt." Don- kerin " strain. ss. : bme ebequer ben, grand-daughter, Logana 86. 8a...; red chequer cock, pure " Thironet," 58. ' • blue chequer hen, Mills and Logans (winner 4th prize fiv,en Chel- tenham, in Lancashire Flying ChM, 1 6., and others. Also trainid birds flown. 82 to 200 mikes. at 3a. to ss. each. un- trained pedigree birds, 2s. 6d. each.—Apply Josnews HUNT, Appleton Lodge, Widnes.

ON PRI v ATE SALE.—OFFERS WANTED for aluable Shop Property, corner of Merket St^eet and Oxford Street, Earlestown, containing-6-round Floor.: Pledge Shop, Sale Sbcp, Dining Room, two Kitchens, two large store rooms, and yard. First Floor r—Dr.wimg Room, four Bedroom', Bath Boom, with bats, lavatory, and %NW. and two Bedrooms on to cond floor largo cellar. The property Is well built antitfitted with all modern conveniences. Hot and cold water, gas, cupboards, shelving, fixtures. So. G-r ound rent I9s. per annum.-0e to be made to WILLIAM MILLS, Autioneer, Valuer, Estate Agent, Ac., Laburnum Villa, Cross Lane, Earlestown.

t WONDERFUL INVENTIOR.—The Phcenis Fuel Econmiser is as its name implies the most useful and valuable invention that has ever tien brought before the public, Inasmuch as neither weed or paper is requised to light a fire, and kettle boiled or breakfast cooked without . coal or gas. It is invaluable to workinl n and travellers where a fire is not available. Can be carried in the.pocket with safety and brought into instantaneous use. tient car- wmriagetepda.i—dio,rnormectehipet r.,,tosctEaslixorFduerELlsu, e(crsnaommitespEaßpecro), 2Agents Inner.. Temple. Liverpool.

A WARDED FIRST PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide XX_ Jubilee Exhibition, 1887, and Sydney Centenary Exhibition, 1888. —TO PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. Cheapest Rouse in Lotaon for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings —ell the newest designs. Two million feet always in Stock. Veneered and fancy wood mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every description, oleographsokc. Further reduction in prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipping orders. Full particulars in pattern book and catalogue (85 pages 4to demy revised for 1891) for 33. stamps.—H. Molina., 17 and 18, (4reat St. Andrew-at., Bloomsbury, ; London. Telegraphic address " Rabbitry," London. Stock lists and prices of glass monthly. free.

PUBLIC NOTICE. GREAT REDUCTIONS In prices of FURNITURE, BEDSTEADS. BEDDING, CARPETS, LINOLEUMS, and other Goods too numerous to mention. UNTIL END OF FEBRUARY. 28. TO SS. IN THE £ ALLOWED on all ORDERS for Cash, and for some goods no reasonable offer will be refused, room being required to display my enormous Stock oi artistic and most modern furniture to greater advantage. I feel I cannot too strongly advise my friends and customers and the public gener- ally who may be wanting furniture, Ac., to take advantage of this great and genuine reduction. My customers and all who have inspected my stock will remember that all my goods are marked in plain figures from which, for cash only, will the discounts te allowed. Finally I shall do all possible for the benefit of my customers, and hope, by so doing, to rireive that patronage which integrity should merit. R. W. MARSH, THE TEMPLE OF ARTS. FURNITURE WAREHOUSE, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED 1864.

Otarinnerp, Su., on 'alt. lEON FENCING, SHEEP and CATTLE HURDLES. Don't be mislead by apecial advertised offers, but before buying write for our Illustrated Catalogue, free on applica- tion.- BAYLISS JONES & BAYLISS, Iron Fencing manufac- turers, Wolverhampton. London Office and Showrooms. 139 is 141, Cannon Street. London.

WANTED, BUYERS OF MACHINERY, Engineers' Tools, Boilers. Iron and Steel Joists, Girders. .to., to inspect Stock at Albion Ironworks. Saville-street, Sheffield, or send for Machinery and Girder List, addressed MANAGER.

SAW BENCH. with drag motion and saws, £l6; Saw Bench and Band Saw Frame combined, £l2; General Joiner, with saws and block, by Robinson, £l5 ; Thickneising Machine, 181 n. cutter block, £20..-01113ENWOOD'2, 9, Nuttall- st,, Rochdale.

T VBRIOATINCI OIL.—" Reliance" Colliery Oil, la. per 1.1 gallon ; Machinery On, 11 ; Extra Machinery Oil. 18.4 d.; Engine Oil, is. 9d. ; Marine nnfentk 011, _; Cylinder Oil. is. 9d.; Gas Engine Oil, 2s. 3d.; Valvoline Za. ci.e Dynamo Oil, 3s. ; Colza Oil, 2s. 6d. 40 gallon barrels free Carriage Paid.—RamaxcE LUBRICATING OIL CO.. 19 and 20, Water lane, reat TOWer-it., London, S.C. Agents wanted.

QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS LIMITED (late Ormerod. Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS, Millwright, and all kinds of Engineeeing Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229. - ACME BOILER SCALER I Dry Soluble Itanaltn Powder. Effectually removes, and prevents, the formation of In- crustation in Steam Boilers, however bad the Water may be. Used by Brewers, Divers, Farmers, mitt large Steam Users. It does not affect the steam or cylind.rs. 20s. per cwt., in Kegs or Casks. Only one pound weight required for every 10 h.p. nominal per week. An influential Agent wanted for this district. HENRY BIBBY AND CO., CORNBROOK. MANCHESTER.

PECIitTT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Rave in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

pA T ENT OFFICE. MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have had more than 40 years personal experience in conneetion with this Establish- ment, and possoss practical knowledgeof the cotton, woollen, and iron mantsfactnres. "Self-help to the New Pates& Law." price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws." price Is. GEORGE NAVIES. CE.. & SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

AWARDED OVER WO PRIZE MEDALS. ERADFORTI'S UNIVMMALLY - APPROVED LAUNDRY & DAIRY MACHINERY. COMPLICIT OUTFITS FOR .RAND AND STEAM POWER. Cataloves Free. Oterespondenee Invited. THOMAS BRADFORD I CO.. 130, ROLD-sTREET, LIVERPOO L; VICV. ORI A-AVENUE, DIANCHEITHR; Also SALFORD and LONDON.

GREEN'S PATENT QAUSAGE CHOPPING and MINCING MACHINES and 1.71 WILLERS (SILENT and OTHER PATTERNS). Suitable for BUTCHERs, MEAT EXPORTERL, CONFEC- TIONERS, HOTELS, HOARDING-HOUSES, PRIVATE FAMILIES, bic. These Celebrated Macihines are used very extensively throutaout England, Scotland, Ireland. and the Colonies. -- Illustrated Price Lists on application. THOMAS GREEN and SON LIMITED, Strifthdeld, Iron- isrsrkers, Leeds, and Surrey Works, Blatildriar's-road, London, S.E. Otifirom any Shipping Ir. Export . House. Merchant or Ironmonger tuthe United Kingtiom.

ECONOMISE YOUR FUEL. PRESERVE 'T.OUR BOILERS. .ICirily AWARD Granted at Liverpool Extftition, 1886, ' for Railer Fluid. THE ANGLO-AMERICAN BOILER SOLVENT COMPANY, .• RUNCORN, CHESHIRE. BOILER FLUID. A selentitlc treatme t For destroying and preventing in- crustation, corrosion, and sittings in bteanyßoilers of every description, where salt or fresh water is used. After Trial, Constmatly Used. A. NORM.LN TATE Sc Co. report Excel- lentlysadapted for the prevention of incrustaticn and corro- sion in boilers fed withall classes of water." Superintendent Engineer. of Woodside k`errvißirken head, says,--•• Best ever used;here ; also prevents corrosion." CONDENSER DETERGENT. A special preparation for okaning Steam Condensers, with- Out' theremoval of any tubes erfittlngs ; minimises labour and cos, of materials, also for removing all gum, grease, and oils from tippets of looms, and lesining ironwork without scrap- ing. ifixofessor WATSON SMITE, F.1.C., F.C.S.. Landon University, and A. NOSMAN T&TE & Co. again glve highly tavourgsle report. 1 EUCALYPTUS DISINFECTANT ANFI SANITARY CLEANSER. Used .on board Steamers, Skips, and in Workhouses, Hospitals, and other Public Institutions. Pronounced by all users to Ise an effective cleanser and disinfectant. PROFESSOR SAUTE says:--'• Stroag detergent and great disinfectingpowers ; another useful property, will keep away vermin." A. NORMAN TATE AND Cle. makes a similar report. Master of the Rtmoorn Workhouse states: "An Effective Clean- ser and Dirt Remover. There is a pleasant and agreeable smell in its use." Put up in casks, drums. and Packages to suSt all countries. Merchants and exposters liberally dealt with. Special arrangements with tome and foreign buyers. For prices, terms, and other particulars, apply as above. Samples of water tested Free.

eIYCLES ! CYCLES! COVENTRY cnoss CYCLES of %..J Coventry are the best; all new patterns for 1893. Safeties geared ordinaries and trycicles. The best agency for this season. Agents wanted in all towns where not representtd. 200 clearance machines. Apply M anche, ter Depot, 1.11,10.1..iN and HAZLEWOoD. LTD., 134, Deansgate, Manchester.

CYCLE S, CYCLES, 500 111011 CLASS MACHINES. GREAT CLEARANCE SALE of Jennings and Co.'s. Stock Purchased by the S.ddou pneumatic Ts re Company Limited to effect immediate cleacince, 01 to be sold under Makers wholesale prices, exceptional chance to get a High Class Machine. Beeston Humbey. Singers. Rovers, Referee, Wenham, Stars, Raglans, king of Scharches. SEDDONS PNEUMATIC TIRE CO., LIMITED, 11, St. Mary's Gate, and 44, Deansgate, Manchester. (late Jennings.)

THE OLD-ESTABLISHED BASSINETTE WAREHOUSE. Beware of spurious imitations. The nest and cheapest Carriages in the town or district. (No connection with any other firm of the same name.) NAT . ASHTON, 74, Sankey-at., Warrington, manu- facturer of Bath Chairs, Bassinettes, Rustle Car- riages, &c., of the beet materials and workmanship, on the premises, under personal supervision. Well-finished Bassionttes from 255., warranted to run straight. Mail Carts, Tricycle Horses, Doll Carriages, to Agent for Sewing Machines. Wringing and Washing Mac- hines. WORKS :—BEAMONT-STREET.

SHITH'S Pl ANOS' 179, OXFORD-ROAD, MANCHESTER. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST HOUSE FOR HIRING PIANOS AND ORGANS. PIAN 08. at 108.6 d. monthly I TILL PAID ORGANS ss. ,' f FOR. Second-hand Instruments at lower rates. Delivered free on payment of first month's hire.

S3l ITII ' S PIANOS ARE GOING UP, NOT IN PRICE, BUT IN PUBLIC ESTIMATION. 179. OXFORD-ROAD, MANCHESTER.

QMITiI, has concluded arrangements for a regular supply of the justly celebrated PIANOS of the foremost House in all Germany. GORS AND EALLMANN, OF BERLIN, Who make (without doubt) the finest German Pisnos that come into Great Britain. " Reprove my allegation, if you can. Or else,conelude my words effectual."—Shakespeare. Only two qualities will be kept in Stock—those most suited to English ,tastes, 35 0.1,c1 40 Guineas, either of which may be obtained only At SMITH'S at One Guinea Monthly till paid for. 179 OXFORD ROAD. MANCHESTER.

SMITH'S AMERICAN ORGANS, From the Smallest to the Largest may be had at SMITH'S from ss. and upwa-ds Jnonthly. 179 OXFORD ROAD, MANCHESTER.

SMITH'S PIANO, "THE MASTERPIECE." This Instrument is the emboAment of all that Is good in quality, material, site, and finish, aid is the Pianopar excellence. SMITH ref mins from saying anTthing more eat o the many virtues of this Instrument, but leaves the dis,,rlm- Mating public to dilate Intl hr upon its merits. One Guinea monthly till paid for. Guaranteed ten years. If is is true that " Good wine heeds no bush,'; 'Tie also true that " Good pianos need no push." Shakespeare and Smith—" As You Like It.'

MITIT'S NEW DEPARTMENT. Old and New Violins, Harps, Guitars, Banjos, Flutes, Clarionets, Concertinas, Sic., ticc., and all kinds of Strings a id Fittings. Any of these Instruments may be obtained on Smith's Hire Purchase System. 179. OXFORD ROAD, MANCHESTER.

SMITH'S " SCHOOL BOARD MODEL " PIANO, £22 CASH Seven octaves, newest design, full tr!chord, check action, iron flame. This instrument may he purchasCd On Smith's Equitabie Hire System, at only 12s. 6,1, MONTHLY TILL PAID FOR. yen Catit.ot pay c mueh monthly Smith `will supply a Similar Piano, trichord, sticker action, it 10s. 6d. MONTHLY TILL T., AID FOR. Write or send for price 114 (.r,losi, free), or, what is better still, call on SMl'llf perrTtally if possible. Make Illislake in the name or athlress SMITU, ITO, OXFORD-ROAD MANCHESTER.

FOUND AT LAST. The Place to get an Honest Piano at an Honest Price and on Easy Terms. SMITH'S 179, OXFORD-ROAD, MANCHESTER.

GREAII CLEARANCE SAIJE of 200 PIANOS and , 5 , ORGAisS at 50 per cent. BELOW COST at J. PARRY'S 18 to 24 DOWNING-ST., MANCHESTER. ' CABINET PIANO, in mahogany case, six octaves LI. 2 I Walnut Upright GRAND PLANO, by Collard 2 2 Rosewood Upright GRAND PIANO, by Collard Mahogany Upright GRAND PIANO, by Kirkman 5 0 Rosewood SEMI-GRAND PIANO, by Kirkman ..... Black and Gold COTTAGE PIANO; by Dallman 8 15 Rosewood COTTAGE PUN°, by Stodard 9 0 Ovterstrutig PIANO, bull trichord. extended ends and under dampers Full Compass Iron P:ame Walnut COTTAGE PIANO, by Stodard i Full Comws Iron 'Frame Rosewood, by Kirkman lGgs. I Full Compass ken Frame Black nud Gold, by Brinsmead lBgs. Full Compass Inen Frame Rosowood, by Broadwood Full Compass Iron Frame Rosewood, by Collard and Coilard lBgs, Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut, by J. and J. Hopkinson Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut, overstrung, by Erard 24gs. Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut, overstrung, by Neumeyer Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut, by Bord, of Paris „ lB{4B, Large Chancel Organ, 0 sets, 18 stops,2 swells, cost 50gs 15gs, Piano and Organ buyers should not miss this rare opportunity,

:WSKI says: •• Play only on an Erard wherever obtainable. riCARD. New Parisian Models now being en:hibited•

pADEREWSKI says: "'Play only on an Erard wherever obtainable. S. and P. ERARD. MAKERS to the QUERN tnd ROYAL FAMILY. 18, GREAT MARLBOROUGH-ST.. REGENT-ST., W.

HENSHAW AND CO., 83, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER. plANOS,withiron Frames and Check Action,from 125..f.0ti. monthly, TILL PAID FOR. ORGANS, Full Compass, with Knee Swell, from ss. Ed. monthly, TILL PAID FOR. HARMONIUMS, New Models, with Broad Reeds, from-ss. monthly, TILL PAID FOR. Second-hand Instruments at lower rates. Delivered Free on reeeipt of Ist month's hire. IT lOLINS, Banjos, English Concertinas, Flutes, Ac., on ilenshaves new Easy Payment System. D°N'T buy your Pianos or Organs at fienshaVe 83, Piccadilly, ltialichoiter, if you can get them better and cheaper elsewhere. First-class tunerc sentto all Parts.

HOOPER AND SIMMONS COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good stook to seloat from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams, Landaus, Victories, Wagonettes. and Phwtons, now for Sale or Hire.

R. P ALMER THE UNION CARRIAGE WORKS, LIMITED. 33 and 35. KING-STREET WEST, IiANCEIESTER, GOLD MEDAL awarded for Excellenee•of Design and High claim Wottunanship. A large asaortmeat of carriages on view. LANDAUS, BROUGUAMS, VICTORIA SZ,C The New Carlton Cart in Great Variety.

Telephone : No. 55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OrncEa--Market Gate Chambers' Warrington. AUCTION ROOMS—No. 1 Bank Street AGENT TO—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Association Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boiler Insurance Company, Lin.:ted. Established 1864.

CROFT NEAR WARRINGTON. SMALL FREEHOLD MARKET GARDEN FARM. To BE SOLD BY AUCTION by Mn. ROBERT LOWE, at the BLUE BELL INN, HORSEMARKET-ST., WARRINOTON, OD WED- NESDAY, the 15th day of FEBRUARY in staut, at 5 for 6 o'clock in the afternoon, subject to c nditions. ALL THAT SMALL FREEHOLD ESTATE situate in Southw ,rth-with- Croft near the Unitarian Chapel, and now in the occup.ti on of Mrs. Gilfedder, whose tenancy is about to terminate. The property comprises a small house and buildings, two cottages, and 9a., lr., 14p. of land, statute measure, and is bounded on two sides thereof respectively by highways called respectively, Spring-lane and New-lane, to which it has I considerable frontages, rendering f; suitable for building land. The property is freehold, and early possession may be had For further particulars apply to the AUCTIONEER, Market Gate Cbambers, Warrington : or to MESSRS. JEANS and 1,1080.5. N. Solicitors. 38 and 40, Lloyd-st., Manchester ; or MESSRS. W. D. JEANS AND CO., Solicitors, 25, Winwick-st.. Warrington.

ON SALE.—Plymouth Rock COCKERELS, cup and prize &rain, 6s. each; Orpington's same price; eggs 2s. 6d. per sitting; Plymouth Rocks or Silver Wyandotte's.—J. G. PowwaLL, Great Sankey.

141NORITOUS PILKIN DUCKS from prize winners, will 1J soon lay, only 75.6 d. and 10s. 6d. each. Drakes same price. Sure to please ; also black Minorca Cockerels and Pullets. Palace cup strain. Copy testimonial from Scotland, " I am well pleased with the bird and consider that you have treated me better t han any other I have done business with in England."—Locawoon, Barnet. If erts,

FOWL. CORN, LIGHT WHEAT, BARI, BUCK WHEAT, and GALATZ CORN. CARTER & SON, CORN DEALERS. WARRINGTON.

Co i t. CENTRAL OFFICE, £5 a room.—Apply Mr. ROHL LoyrE, Estate Agent, Market Gate, Warrington.

910 LET, PEEMISES, in centre of Warrington, suitable for I small workshope.—Apply ASHTON and WOODS, Solicitors, 56, Horeemarket-street, Warrington,

HOUSE AND GARDEN TO LET, No. 4, Salisbury-st., rent £25 Bs. per annum. Contains two parlours, kitchen, ecc.. five bedrooms, we., and bath.—Apply GIBSON AND SON, Church-st., Warrington.

glatrunonp. MATRIMONY.—A gentleman oan introduce suitable persons. Partieni irs six stamps. em. Croisette, 64, Finsbury Payeinc,,at, London.

J. AAT, T EAIPERLEY, MUSIC SELLER, 31, LOWLAND'S ROAD, RUNCORN. PIANOS, ORGANS: VIOLINS, &c. Tuning and Repairs. All kinds of Fittings in Stock. Arrangements made for First-Class Orchestral Band and Pianists. PIANOS on HIRE and on HIRE-PURCHASE.

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. S. COVENTRY ORDER TAILOR, Is now showing at his New Premises LEADING NOVELTIES, in OYERCOATINGS, SUITJNGS & TROUSERINGS FOR THIS SEASON. Note the new address :-4, HIGH-ST. (next door to the Poet Office. RUNtORN.

THE EXECUTORS OF THE LATE EBENEZER TIMMINS, ENGINEERS AND IRONFOUNDERS, MAKERS OF CHEMICAL AND SOAP PLANT. BRIDGE WATER FOUNDRY, RUNCORN. ESTABLISHED 1827. CONTRACTORS FOR GAS WORKS, WATER WORKS, ARTESIAN WELLS, BRINE WELLS, AND BORINGS FOR MINERALS. BORING PLANT AND PUMPS.

LICENSED FOR THE SALE OP METHYLATED SPIRITS AND BENZOLINE. AGENT for SEQUAH'S REMEDIES. ISAAC SPEAKMAN CHRMIS 1 AY EXAMINATION. BRIDGE-ST.. PHARMACY 27, BRIDGE-ST., RUNCORN. PATENT MEDICINES (with a few exceptions) AT RE- DUCED PRICES, Viz. 28 9d for2s 3d, 28 6d for 2s hi, Is ltd for lOid. 65. Nelson's Gelatine 3 for 110, is. Neave's food 85 per tin, Ac., SPRATT'S DOG BISCUITSIBs 65 per 1121bs or 12Ibs for 2s 3d. Calabar Dog Biscuit, 12s 6d per cwt. CHEAPEST HOUSE FOR HOUSEHOLD SOAPS. Pears' soap 3 for 101; Hazlehurst's "Sun," 3 tablets for sd; Sunlight, 3 in box nd; Brockes Monkey Soap, 31d per lb. Homeepathic Medicines 65 bottle, 5d ; Vichy Waters, 36s per case, 50.—Best and Cheapest House for White Lead, Tur- pentine, Varnish, Oil, Brushes, dcc. Send for prices. Whole- sale Dealer in Petroleum Oil, Hudson's Dry Soap, ac. Aspinall's Enamel Paint. Cooper's Sheep Dip, 12s per doz

COUGH, BRONCUITIS, CONSUMPTION, ASTHMA, DIARRINEA, OR SPASMS, QUICKLY RELIEVED BY OWLE'S kiHLORODYNE. I.3frd. 2s. 9d.. and 4s. tid. EACH.

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES. '94, Cosamercial Road, Peckham; July 12, 1889. Dear Sir,—l am a poor hand at expressing my feelings, but I should like to thank you. Your lozenges have done wonders in relieving my terrible cough. Since I had the operation of ' Tracheotomy' (the same as the late Emperor of (iermany, and unlike him, thank God, I am still alive) per- formed at St. Hartholomew's Hospital, no one could possibly have had a inure violent cough; it was so bad at times that it quite exhausted me. The mucus, which was very copious and hard, has been softened, and I have been able to get rid of it without difliculty.—l am, sir, yours trlly, J. HILL." UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. The above speaks for itself. From strict inquiry it appease that the benefit from using Heating's Cough Lozenges is understated. The operation was a specially severe one, and was performed by the specialist, Dr. H. T. !Main, of St. Bantholomew's Hospital. Since the operation the only means I relief is the use of these Lozenges. So successful are they that one affords immediate benefit, although from the nature of Use case the throat irritation is intense. WEIGHT IN GOLD. Under date Sept. 8, 1891, Mr. Hill writes "I should long since have been dead, but for your Lozenges—they are worth their weight in gold. I will gladly see and bell anyone what a splendid cough remedy they ere." Keating's Lozenges are sold in tine, is. lid. each. The unrivalled remedy for COUGHS. HOARSENESS and THROAT TROUBLES.

FEBRUARY NUMBER READY ON TIIE 4TO. 120 PAGES, 106 ILLUSTRATIONS. PRICE SIXPENCE. THE IDLER. Edited by THE. IDLER. JEROME K. JEROME THE IDLER. and THE IDLER. ROBERT BARE. THE IDLER. HENRY IRVING. By the Rev. Dr. JOSEPH PARKER. With Illustrations from F. BARNARD and J. BERNARD' PARIRIDGE. MY FIRST BOOK: By Miss M. E. BRADDON.- " The TRAIL of the SERPENT." Illustrations by Miss F. L. FULLER. CHEATING the GALLOWS. I. ZANG WILL. Illustrations by GEO. HUTCHINSON. NOVEL NOTES. JEROME K. JEROME. Illustrations by J. GULICH and J. GRHIG• THE SKATER. WILLIAM CANTON. Illustrated by A. BOWLEY. MY SERVANT ANDREAS. ARCHIBD. FORRES- Illustrations by FREDERIC VILLIERS• TOLD by the COLONEL (A Matrimonial W. L. L. ALDER. Illustrations by It. JACK. "LIONS in their Dens." GEORGE GROSSMITH and the HUMOUIt OF HIM. RAYMOND BLATIEWAYT• Illustrations by GEO. HUTtIIINSON. A BLIND BEGGARMAN. FRANK MATTHEW Illustrations by F. PEGRAM. THAT BEAST BEAUTY. KIRBY HARE. Illustrations by ERNEST M. JESSOP. PEOPLE I HAVE NEVER MET (Mrs. IluroPlqi Ward), SCOTT RANKIN. THE IDLERS' CLUB: ..ISLOVE A PRACTICAL REALITY OR A PLEASING FiCTION ?" L By Mrs. LYNN LINTON, " RITA," JOHN STRAInII WINTER, Miss MAY CROMMELIN, Miss QUILL 4 COUCH, MORLEY ROBERTS, I. ZANGWILL. , BURGIN, F. GRIBBLE, FRANK MATHEW, and' 5

THE OLD-FASHIONED MILK WHITE BREAD* If you want a wholesome and ,ielieious Bread, give tbeenti, above a trial. Those who have tasted highly Cr • it. Try it for yourse.'ves- T HOMAS LEA, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL BAItER, Agent for SMITH'S HOVIS BREAD. CHURCH STREET, RUNCORN.

COLLIER'S BREAD Is prepared from CAREFULLY SELECTED FLOUR, Produced from the FINEST CALIFORNIAN WHEAT' Carefully made by Experienced Bakers, is ABSOLUTELY PURE, And delivered daily to lilt parts of Runcorn and Dot'r Orders to be left at 6, Church-st. The Largest Trade in Town. Over 2,400 Loaves sold aceri week. WALTER COLLIER, 6, CHURCH-STREET, RUNCORN.

BOYDELL THE LEADING TAILORS, a Are now 'showing a splendid selection of West of vlrt and Scotch Tweeds, Overcoatings, &c., suitable for At and Winter Seasons. 50s. BUSINESS SUITS. 50a. SUITS for the MOORS. An Endless Variety of TROCTSERINGS 135., 168. Gd., Sc., Special attention given to Evening Dress. Perfect Pit Guaranteed. 8.8. respectfully invite inspection. 37. BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. Also at MANCHESTER. LIVERPOOL. and ST HELRIO.

it TEACH THE CHILDREN to be careful of t„b:t Teeth and to prevent decay, with its mlO6l-1,10 trouble and expense, by using CALVERT'S CA gø v:0 H 0 TOOT POWDER, the best preservative—has the I,srbs sale of any Dentifrice—Sold in 6d., Is., is. 6(1., and 11b. Tins by Chemists, Eze. Sent post free in U.K. for vaPie stamps, by F. C. CALVERT & Co.. Mancliester.-60 & Silver Medals & Diplomas.—(l).

DR. SCOTT'S BILIOUS AND LIVER rce. The Safest Medici"- DR. SCOTT'S pus DR. SCOTT'S 1 gal. Ce.° D' SCOTT'S PILLS Cure Nervous Der puzze Indigestion, and Wind- DR. SCOTT'S piLLS 00° D' s -I COTT'S 'DILLS R esrtourreiftyhet:Petteitg:. -1- Strengthen the Whole Sirs D' SCOTT'S pus scoTT's DR. piusne _ffectioll.. Mild but o‘ Beet Family gedicliPe. Do. SCOTT'S BILIOUS AND LIVER Are wrapped in a square green package. name of the proprietor, W. LAMBERT 173, Seymour London, W.. by post for 14 or 34 stamps.

THE EXAMINE SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 4,189 S"

THE QUESTION OF WELSH DISESTABLISHMENT. MEETING OF WELSH LIBERAL MEMBERS. At a largely-attended meeting of the Liberal members for Welsh constituencies held on Wednesday afternoon, at Westminster, a strong feeling of disappointment was expressed that the .question of Welsh disestablishment did not occupy a more forward position in the Govern- ment Programme of the session. Mr. Rathbone and other members, in reply, said they were led to under- stand that the position occupied by that question in the Queen's Speech must not be taken as indicating its order of treatment. A strongly-worded resolution on the sub- ject was, nevertheless, proposed, with the view of send- ing it to the head of the Government, but eventually its further consideration was adjourned, in order that Mr. Stuart Rendel, who presided, might have an op- portunity of conferring with Mr. Gladstone on the subject.

The Greatest Boon the World has ever known. LIPTON'S ESSENCE OF COFFEE, THE FINEST EVER MADE. DELICIOUS AND REFRESHING, Only sd. 8c 9d. Per Bottle. ESSENCE OF COFFEE AND CHICORY, Only 4d. 8: 7id. Per Bottle. SOLD EVERYWHERE. BRANCHES ALL OVER THE KINGDCAL

DIBET nom TBE TEA ARE TO TEE TEA rot OVER ONE WITT,LION PACKETS SOLD WEEKLY. Special Notice.—Delivered carriage paid for an extra id. per lb. to any address in Great Britain on orders of 51bs. and upwards. Samples sent free on application. A Guarantee.—Money returned in full if Tea does not give perfect satisfaction in every way. MAIDIPOr CIONT, TEA AND COFFEE PLANTER, CEYLON. The Largest Tea, Coffee, and Provision Dealer in the World. Sole Proprietor of the following celebrated Tea and Coffee Estates in Ceylon: Dambatenne, Laymastotte, Monerakande, Mahadambatenne, Mousakelle, Pooprassie, Hanagalla, and G-igranella, which cover thousands of acres of the best TEA LAND in Ceylon. Ceylon Tea and Coffee Shipping Warehouses: Maddema Mills, Cinnamon Gardens, Colombo. Ceylon Office: Tipper Chatham Street, Colombo. Indian Offices: 5, LYONS RANGE, CALCUTTA. Indian Tea Shipping Warehouses and Export Stores: ARMENIAN GHAUT, CALCUTTA. GENERAL OFFICES: BATH STREET, CITY ROAD LONDON, E.C. NWELALIVC3SE3OS : : 4CCDX•DEO.f3r. 33rid.ge St. o.arad. (Gramte. WILEX.I%I-4CI3EMS-ina3Et. : 20, 0101.22.01,3X3. St., aaad. Stretford Wed. (Corner of Cambridge St.) -A-31EXTC:)1k.T-ILTIV7O)3MM=L-MAYII,IIM : 175, Stamford. St. 01.13:33:ELAWE : 47, MaCurnaas. BRANCHES IN . ALL PRINCIPAL TOWNS OF THE KINGDOM.

41111. I nisi The Queen's Bench on Thursday, granted a ril -A the removing the trial of Ben Tillett from Bristol t.°,4geel Central Criminal Court, London. Tillett's comic" , at that local excitement would prejudice a lair tri+o Bristol. _......es

COFFEE COFFEE I LIPTON'S DELICIOUS BLENDS. FINEST COFFEE AND CHICORY, 10d1., 19, and is 0a per lb. JP-LT/130 COOPITUMI.II Richest and best.] Per is. ed. lb. [No higher price WHAT ARABI PASHA, Ex-Minister of War for Egypt,writing from Ceylon,says about LIPTON'S COFFEE : "Having visited your Tea and Coffee Estater, I haYe had daily opportunities of tasting the Coffee grown on these magnificent properties, and I have no hesitation in saying that the Coffee grown on them is superior in quality and flavour to any Mocha or other Coffee I have ever tasted in Egypt or elsewhere, and that no finer Coffee can be produced." SOLD EVERILWHERE. BRANCHES ALL OVER THE KINGDOM,

FEM-SERI e O -c'' '. C THES* ..et 4o'l'l) 1 li* ~ , -_,\,, , , : .+*, • t '4.,>\ _.,: -,. , r--, : ',wit'''. , . . ,';•;i0..?-" A r ),., k.=,,,4 A fk 10-- ---4,, , 'IF ;7, --,,,,,,,,, __,,,_ r •%. , - ____________„_-_---- _ _,3, ..... , . _____________,..t.i•---...--; _____—____—__-,.-_,_....C9 .....__,,._ HANDSOME CLOCKS & WATCHES BONUS TO BE GAIN DURING 1893 TO USERS OF VENUS SOP. z,...t.....t., ~, Anyoneadaddress r essdeans dirouvEsoNf upsoesse SOAP Aiy Fly (warranted to keep correct time) can obtain one fWr ea e tc oht cost by sending to Messrs. Joseph Watson and Sons, Whitehall Soap Works, Leeds, their full name and a" VenuWRAPPERS,sCI° follows: orasckoi 120 Wrappers, Tlineplece No. 1, 4-in. Dial, will be sent. /If -44P:Nt \ For 203 Wrappers, Timepiece No. 2, 6-in. Dial, will be sent. ) 4 „t, For 350 Wrappers, Timepiece No. 3, 9-in. Dial, will be seat. For 400 Wrappers, a Gentlemen's 1 Handsome , Watch will be sent. tQF67 „/ --_-,--_-,-.. - For 500 Wrappers, a Lady's . . 1 Keyless I Watch will be sent. * * * * * * * * * * * * * THE STATUE, "VENUS OE MILD." IN THE GALLERIES OF THE LOUVRE, PA7IS. For 25 Wrappers, a picture of this beautiful Statute will be sent to any address. Size 171-in. by 14-in., mounted. For V Wrappers, a similar picture, handsomely framed, will be sent. i

PURE IRISH LIEN IRISH CAMBRIC POCKET HANDKERCHIEFS Guaranteed all pure flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN COLLARS. Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars, 5/6 per dozen; made special to pattern, 6/8 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9. 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yards square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, aid. per yard. Real Irish Linen SHErTING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, I/11 per yard. SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/8 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SUMMER AND y EVENING WEAR. IRISHTWEED, aalnldrsutr;lleVoorl.leasUenssuayrpiafssfeodr fLoadrsiterse,nogrtenDtusr,awlaielarity., Patterns Free by Return of Post. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. G. R. HUTTON & CO., LARNE, BELFAST.

TO CUIVE AN ACHING BACK. 0 0 Here you hallo (11, a remedy that has made mil- / - , '- ' • lions of ladies bless the maker of AL LO • OK 7POMOILT s PLASTf. RSa They have a wonderful soothing effect, strengthening the parts where applied, giving ease and comfort at once. Only be sure and get TALCOCWS4 V ..r, ~..._. 4, ~.---,

ASTHMA AND BRONCHITIS CURED. THOUSANDS TESTIFY. EARL SHANNON writes:—" Your remedy Instantly relieves and cures Asthma and Bronchitis. I have recommended it to people in England as well as over here." DR. LAWTON, M.D., Middleton, writes I have had repeated opportunities of seeing the action of Mr. Vaughan's preparation for Asthma and Bronchitis. I can bear testimony to its great value as a curative agent. I would strongly re- commend it to any person suffering from Asthmatic affec- tions.—M. LAWTON, M.D. For particulars write— D. VAUGHAN, LANGFORD TERRACE. CORE, IRELAND.

W. GEE TAYLOR'S ECZEMA CURE At once stops irritation, and cures all SKIN DISEASES. Contains NO POISON. Does not Stain. Price is. lid. and 2s. 9d., or Postal Order Is. 3d. & 3s, from Sole Proprietor. Agents wanted. W. GEE TAYLOR, Chemist, Eangerford, B erks

SWIFT GOLD MEDAL . HEW HARRISON 7...-... 4.7.......44t.'6114. .r., . -,..1A'•,--.7.---4 KNITTE.O,, 1 -7- KNITS Stockings, Clothing in Wool, Silk, or Cotton. ~ . List. Rd. per Post. TRIUMPHANT ANVA RD at , k PARIS The only WINNER in the WORLD of , 5 Gold Medals. Also Makers of the SUN Seamless Stocking Ribber Branch Office, 77, OXFoRD Sr., LowPOR —TIM HARGISoN KNITTING MACHINE Oh _Works, 48, UPPER ElOOOlO ST., MANCLIERTER.

THE WNEMPLOYED AND THE OPENING OF PARLIAMENT. MR. LABOUCHERE'S ADVICE. Mr. Oldland, organiser of the proposed march to the House of Commons, on Tuesday received a communica- tion from the Chief of Police stating that the procession could not be permitted,and recommending that it should be abandoned. Upon receipt of this letter it was de- cided to abandon the proposed march. Notwithstanding this resolution. however, a number of men marched in procession along Eastcheap. A large body of the City police wereon duty,and followed the processionists down to the Embankment. Here one of the unemployed Committee named Waite attempted to address his fol- lowers. He was, however, prevented by the police from doing so, and the processionists were dispersed, ene man being arrested. Waite, Cooper, and Murphy, of the Unemployed Committee, then made their way to the re- sidence of Mr. Labouchere, at Queen Anne's-gate. They were met by Mr. Labouchere, and Murphy and Waite stated that they were out of work, and asked for his assistance and support in regard to the amendment which was expected to be moved last night in the House , of Commonsregarding the unemployed. Mr. Labouchere replied that they had better consult their leader. He could not promise them anything. The deputation after- wards attempted to hold a meeting in Parliament-square, but the police at once interfered and dispersed those assembled. Large numbers of police also assembled in Trafalgar-square, on Tuesday afternoon, in view of pos- sible meetings being held. An attempt was made to hold ; a meeting, but it was not permitted.

ESTABLISHED 1851. BIRKBECK BANK, Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane. London. THREE per CENT. INTEREST allowed on DEPOSITS, re- payable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, on the minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below 1100. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purchased and sold SAVINGS DEPARTMENT. For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small sums on deposit, and allows Interest at the rate of THREE PER CENT. per annum on each completed 11. BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER immix. The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars, can be obtained post free, on application to FRANCIS RANENSCROFT, Manager.

THE LADIES, TRUE FRIEND! A BOON TO WOMAN-KIND!! LADIES—read this, and you will obtain particulars of the most MIRACULOUS MEDICINE for all Irrmplarities and Obstructions ever introduced to the Public. You may have tried Pills, Powders, useless recipes and other advertised so-called remedies, and all in vain. THOUSANDS OF Females have been relieved, Health restored, and DOCTORS' spe aI IL aLtBdSRAVEELIDAbeItzhis bßieEdimoinEeD,wyhicehfisththee Aonlgey. Perfectly harmless and WONDERFULLY EF- FECTUAL. Stamped addressed envelope for Price List and Copies of Testilnonials, which are guaranteed genuine, under a Penalty of £l,OOO open to inspec- tion and investigation. This Remedy has been TRIED AND PROVED BY THOUSANDS,. THE HIGHEST REWARD OF MERIT IS CONTINUED POPULARITY. W. E. DASMAIL, walthainstow• (Est. seas) (Entered at Stationers' Hall). '

lio STABLE IS COMPLETE WITHOUT w 4 w st Y. `e'S /S. b tiLLIMAnt -).;4.-1 . --) I sy-'7..-Y":' -.,-itA:- c. s_, ..,., 41, ' 1.-- ""--, i•e.... I , 41 ~ -,,,,4„. --,t,li 1i04,try;,,,,,, ih.rte ~ -7p v., .;:• ..--, • , -..-- :,..-z,i hoeies SLOUCtik 4, 54''• , . 1..., • -41 iv. 2/2414-0 i awn 11. .ti ,'it . , • _ ZAC/1 mBRO,-cAriog /IA BOR SPRAINS, CURBS, AND SPLINTS WHEN FORMING. FOR OVIIEL.REACHSS, CHAPPED HEELS, WIND GALLS. FOR RHEUMATISM IN HORSES. FOR SORE Tiff/OATS AND INFLUENZA. FOB BROKEN KNEES, BRUISES, CAPPED HOCKS. FOR SORE SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS. FOR SPRAINS, CUTS, BRUISES IN DOGS. " rudiapensable in any stable, but especially fa the Stable of a Master of Hounds. " HADDINGTON, 'Msetec of Ikavickshirn Hounds." ;.--- 1E

L IL I MAN'S !VERBAL EMBROCATION tOR .ite,lAaftSt CO/ tuN,'P'ot.l e ‘.)Nir• (zip .1% 4111 BRUISES 0Y IU CHEST COL DS SORE IHROAT lffromCOLD-ST FNESS 1 .L-12]

ELLIMANS UNIVERAL LMBROCATION RHEUMATISM LUMBAGO. SPRAINS. •I'iik--S-1-44 ' 4S , %,ty ,/iBRKI, IgiEST COLDS' I 13- SORE IHROATfirnEOLD-STIFFNESS I Prepared only by tI.LIMAN 3ONS&C9Slough,Eng.

MANUFACTURERS OF DECORATIVE AND ART FURNITURE. ttg 1-3

E CABINET mAKERSbUPHOLSTERERS oL ;hi Ott Ai,' - /111,

1I

FRANCIS MORTON AND COMPANY LIMITED, HAMILTON IRONWORKS, G-ARSTON, near Liverpool. Invite Inquiries and Reference to their NEW CATALOGUE.

Tit,' A D 1.1; S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. The safest and most effectual cure for Gout, Rheumatism, Rheumatic Gout, Lumbago, aid all Pains in the Head, Face, Limbs, &c. They require neither confinement nor alteration of diet, and in no case can they prove injurious. In regard to general lealth they will he found highly salutary and restorative. RELIEVED GOUT AFTER 6 YEARS' SUFFERING. • -- Mr. A. Chadwick of 1, West Street, Pirgrove: Rochdale, on December 14th, 1891, writes : " I HAVE HAD THE GOUT IN MY DIG TOE FOR SIX YEARS on and off in spite of the numerous liniments and pills I bought. At length my brother advised me to try your pills. sautfor a small bottle (Is. lid.) awl am pleased to say nothing ever did me:so much good. IN A FEW HOURS THEY GAVE ME RELIEF and in four days I could wear my boot and go to business. The second bottle made me all right and the pain has not since returned. I shall never lee adthout your pills and shall recommend them to all I know. --- Do not be persuaded to take any other Pills for the above distressingly painful disorders, as Bade's have been proved by thousands to be the best and most effectual remedy. PREPARED ONLY BY GEORGE BADE, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON. And sold everywhere by Chemists and Medicine Vendors. in bottles. Is. ltd. and 2s. 9d.

VE N oy, , ~ EA. \ 1/8 2/ I ! Supreme in Quality, Unique in Flavour. : : '---',,1,7,-- ..-. ,',, \ ,\,s,'‘,,,' Am ' alb ,„„ \\ \ \\ Per , \ V \\, ~\.„,...,,,,,,;‘ As, \ \ '', ,:- ..:1- < ' -Y•>'' f-''- - -.-4;;;- ''''VAo,l-kt's 4 ‘0,,,‘‘,`;',',,0.\\, , , \,x \„ :1---::* j 7.4100, --- ' - ,ossok,qo.W, \ „soo - - .\ •\ 0,,, f/ e...'''CY* 4s ' ‘•\ .a. 40 0.0 ,-,----csl- --- \6\ '----:. -- -- 'WVri,* :-Alo:37•?ek -.1-4S',o4te%ist'e,-'%-10- 'c'* si--\ 0, \ \ \ '7/ 00,,tsOTI,Ntt.N, -`,.44•••••e-t?O' "--1.4i,e ''''''' ,6,... -I''-',-...---;" \ '' 0 -ft,--- = \, \ \„,,„,,,,00-,,' Iv 6,,%.,e-t,,,, - ~,,,,,,t ---- - ..7:-„g,•,%„_01-----.--,- ;._-_--..-:--_-,..-.7*—> -,--,---,..;-.-v-'--- ‘ '''lq,,\,'•lf k\'''///4/Y414.' , ';-,.(i.,5*%.----;te----'.:--_-= ..,.,-- %--- Sold by \ s \\ t . ViV-.0(41/ Ay -5---:•--- ...41',f "t"-C,'`'-'r \ ,' V. /L 6 ' '/,' "* ' >1 ~,%->"` the leading / 04 ~_ k ' ,---. .%?, *. %, ^' A Rest for the tired, GRocER ' \ \'4'7Wiytil.,..l-,5:, ~,, l' c.,t,,144,,,,,,,,.-;" in each 4,/,,, , "...* _fr.., \ ii, f,f-' ....,!' - -,.. ---, -..----. ' A Joy for the Strong. district PACKETS. El 4 oyA EA, pi TINS A 111 EVERYBODY CAN GET IT FROM:— A. E. A. SMITH— BOWDON...HOUSEHOLD STORES SUTTON OAK BLMR AND Co. Buttermarket-street (corner of CO., Oxford-Rd. ST. HELENS M. BOHAN. Academy-street) ; 41, Win wick-st. ; CROFT ...JAMES UNS WORTH, du's. TILSTON J. WILLETT. and 57,Bewsey-st.,WARRINGTON ; EARLESTOWN T. MOLYNEUX. TATTENHALL G. MORGAN 31, Mersey-road, WIDNES: AND GARSTON A. E. A. SMITH. TRANMERE...M. A. BURGESS & 36, Market-st., EARLESTOWN. MIDDLE WICH W. RIMSEY. CO., 28, Church-Rd. ACTON BRIDGE ...L. C. MOULTON MARELE W BRADBURY. I WIDNES R. WEBSTER BETTE,SFIELD, Near Whitchurch ROCK FERRY...W. HOPKINSON, WIGAN H. LITHERLAND. J. L. HUXLEY. 96, 98, Bedfoid-Rd. LIVERPOOL ... GENERAL SUPPLY ASSOCIATION, 17, COLQUITF-STREET. List of Local Agents now completing, and will be published here regularly. Applications for the few remaining vacancies to be addressed to the Proprietors of " VENOYA " TEA, 19 and 20, Camomile-street, London, E.C. Only one Agent, who must be a leading Grocer, will be appointed for each neighbourhood.

iniur „,„,, A GOOD FAMILY ‘,ilMtiirtt Cntai, WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take 80Mq good compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious com- partments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Obset ver. (r1322%1 ir 4 7.4 .744, fry FREE FROM MERCURY. .I:coPs 'll-Wr?4-- klUtreV 11 4,5010,1- ralv !+4 *". n i;k A ‘A;re' OP PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS FOR BILE. LIVER, ACIDITv, INDIGESTION, &c.

111, S 00THIi''G POWDERS, FOR CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN JSE OVER FIFTY YEARS. ,

"JOHN STEEDMAN, CHEMIST, WALWORTH) SURREY." is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

I. O 1. 5 PILLS & OINTMENT Are acknowledged by all to be The Best Medicines for Family Use.

MANUFACTURED ONLY AT 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON. And Soldly all Medicine VClldOll throughout the World. Advirl Gratis, at the above address, daily, between the hours of 11 and 4, or by letter.

SlbbertiOirtentO. RICHARD F ORSHAW COLLINS GREEN BREWERY, NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS. XXX. AND STOUT SPECIAL BITTER SPECIAL STOUT MILD ALE l2s. 6D. PER 9 GALLS. XX. ALE COMPLETE PRICE' LISTS ON APPLICATION. NOTE ME ADDRESS.

TUCK AND CO., Limited. INDIA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. or CEMENTED ONLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street, Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester. London, Cardiff, Newport, and Dublin, LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

TRADE AGRIrPIN. TRADE MARK. MARX. A most wonderful discovery in Medicine, because it is a ‘-‘4 , CERTAIN CURE for any of the following disorders : INFLUENZA, ERYSINBAS, INFLAMATION OF ANY HIND: DTPTHERIA, DIABRHOIA, BLOOD POISONING, VOMITING, AND PURGING, SCARLET FEVER, or any rash. 4 Any Child, or anyone who is hot and feverish, any young person with SKIN DISEASE, COLDS, COLD in the HEAD, ITCHING, BITES OF ANIMALS, SICK HEAD-ACHE. Dtrongly recommended for BRONCHITI& DROPSY, SMALLPDX, SORE LEGS, and TYPHOID'ENVER. This Patent Medicine Is prepared onlyby T. FORSTER, . RARLESTGWN, LANCASHIRE: SolcWay, JOS. BIDDY, Grocer, St. james-street, Latchford,

D''. J. COLLIS BRO'WNE'S CHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. Off LORODYNE, is admitted by the Profession to. kj be the meet wonderful and valuable remedy, ever+ dis- covered, (IfILORODYNE is the best remedy known for 1„..) Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis, and Aithmai 011LORODYNE effectually checks and arrests thasekke often fatal diseases.—Diptheria, Fever, (Romp, - 11LOBODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrllsee, and is the only specific in Cholera and Dy,sentry: etIILORODINE, effectually cuts short • all attacks k) of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasm& . OIILORODYNE is the only-palliative in Neural- gia. Rheumatism, Gent, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, do, From Dr. B. J. BOULTON SG CO., HOTTIOItEItifi. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice ,lately, and look upon it as an excellent direct,Seda- tire and-Anti, spasmodic. It seems to allay pain andlirrita- tion in whatever organ, and from what.ver cause. It Induces a.feeling of comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy. and it seems to possess this great adran- age over all othet- Sedatives; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects, " usrl Russell communicated to the Crsllit.g. that he received a despatch from her Msjesty's masa at Manila, to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNE.',—See Lazed , let December, 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY*: AND IMIT- ATIONS. CAnTrond—Vice Chancellor Sir W. PAGE Woomstateedthat Dr. J..COLLIS BROWNE. was, undoubtedly, the inventor of CHLORODYNE and that the story of the defendant PitiCE- MAZip was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to 553, Aad been sworn. to.—See Times. 13th Jply, 1864. Sold in 'bottles at Is. ltd., 20. 9d., and 4e. 6d. None is genuine without the words `• J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CILLORODYNR" on the Government Stamp., Overvrtielm- lug ,3&edic,al testimony accompanies each battle, bonn M.sxmosCrtatibßa.—J. T. DAVENPORT,' 33; Great R tun ell+ at, Bloomsbury, London.

BEFOCE OEDERING TEETH it will PAY you to see the NEW GROWN and PIVOT System of TEETH WITEOUT PLATES. Supplied at a-MODERATE CHARG2s. Teeth on Beat Vulcanite PROPERLY PITTED, 4s, cash or £2 per set.—Psonless extraction. Gold and Plastfe.Rillings, &c. SANON for preserving the teeth, Is. lid., ,post, free. IAIR. REGAN, DENTAL SURGEON,, 5. STRETPORD-Rn&D. MANCIHESWER.

ON SALE.—ENO OF PICNIO SEASON, MAGINN BRos Have several USEFUL HORSES which they.will,sell cheap to clear before the winter,suitable for Farmers; no Roasonable offer refused. Also several well matched PAIRS of COBS and CARRIAGE HORSES worthy of the notice of Gentlemen and.others. Park Mews,. Warrington.

THE, HANSARD 'ONION PR,OSECTION. At the resumed hearing of the trial of Sir Henry Isaacs, Horatio Bottomley, and Charlia Denman, for alleged conspiracy to defraud the shareholders of the Hansard Union, to-day, the Official Receiver said he did not think the shareholders would get a farthing. In cross-examination he denied that it was.through animus that he succeeded in bringing about the. prosecution. He never said success would be a feather in his cap. 'IRE GREAT COTTON PIRENIN LIVERPOOL.. I,Vith a view to discovering the person or persons supposeci to be guilty cf 'Mcendiarism M the cases of the•' many destructive fires in cotton warehonses and sheds. in Liverpool during the past few months, the police, authorities are offering a reward of £2,000 for suck information as wilt lead to the- conviction of the offenders. It will be- remembered that some time ago. a reward of £lOO, aad later a reward of £5OO, wez offered without result.

Mac Muir SennuoAT.-Fresh butter IV 4d and Os Od Per lb. ; fresh eggs, ?for Is ; fowl, 44 6d to Os Wiper couple; ducks 6s Od per couple ; geese Os to 10d per lb. ; turkeys Cs to Os Od per lb. ; beef, 5d tolld per lb. ; Mutton, 10c1' to Cs per lb: perk Cd to 81d per lb. ; lamb dto Od per lb. ; seal Cd to e'd per lb.; potitoes, 7s 6d to Os Od per load. Chesse 74s 6d. WIDNES, SATURDAY %-Presh butter, is 50 and Os Od Per lb. ; fresh eggs,? for is ; fowls, 4. 3d to Os per couple ; ducks, 5s Od to s per couple ; geese, Cd per lb. ; beef, 7rl to Brl Per lb. ; mutton 70 to Cd per lb. ; pork, 81.0 to Od per lb: Od to Cd per lb. ;lamb, Od per lb. ; potatoes per load, 6s C.d. WARRINGTON MARKET.-WEDNESDAY, FEB. UT. FRUIT, VEGETABLE. POULTRY, BUTCHERS', AND FISHMONGERS' TABLE. 8. d. s. d, a. d. 8. 0. Beef, Eng.,, M 0 54t0 0 9 Seakale basket 2 oto 0 9 Mutton „ 0 6-0 10 Melons each ... 0 8- 0 0 Veal „ „ 0 8-0 9 Fears each 0 0-0 0 Pork „ „ 0 6-0 9 Apricots each 0 0 -0 0 Pork sides 0 6-O 0 Cauttilowers ... 0 4 - 0 6 cured 0 7-0 0 Cucumbers each 1 6- - 0 0 Whole pigs„ Le 11 0-11 4 Tomatoes f M 1 0-0 0 Geese „ - 0 0 Fowls Vt couple 5 O-0 0 Asparagus VlOOO 0-0 0 Chickens -0 0 Potatoes 4+ load 7 0-0 0 Ducks „ - 0 0 New potatoes,, 0 0 0 0 Rabbits Hares, each -0 0 Green Peas t? tr 0 0- 0 0 Fart" dge brace 4 0- 0 0 Green sprouts tt 0 0- 0 0 Grouse „ 0 0- 0 0 Beans, kidney n 0 0-0 0 Pheasants - 8 0-0 0 Cheese- fine Butter, fresh it 0 0-0 0 ~ good 63 0-66 0 Here eggs 8,9,10 1 0- 0 0 ~ordinary 45 0-50 0 • Apples. r ... 0 2- 0 0 Lobster - 0 0 Grapes „ 0 8- 0 0 Turbot „ 1 2 0 0 Pine Apple each 5 0-0 0 Salmon „ 2 9-0 0 Greengages VMO 0-0 0 Whitings ...... 0 6- 0 0 C-erries 0 0- 0 0 Flukes „ - o 0 Strawberries „ 0 0- 0 0 Eels ~ „..„ 0 0- 0 0 Damsons „ 0 0-0 0 Soles „ - 0 0 Plums „„00 - 0 0 Sporting. - 0 0 Gooseberries,, 0 0-0 0 Codfish „ - 0 0 Raspuerriec „ 0 0- 0 0 Mackerel- each 0 0 -0 0 Black Currants 0 0- 0 0 lierriogr &meal 3- 0 0 Red Currants 0 0- 0 0 Marrows each 0 0- 0 0

LADfBi THIS FOR YOU TO READ. THERE' IS NO PLACE LIKE HOME. ' And nothing its It looks more comfortable than aBBIGH-i autd CLEAN FIRESIDE. NO MORD BLACKLEADING REO/THEED. YOUR ,GRATES CLEANED IN FIVE IrINVII92B. USE LAWSON'S BDACK. Sold iivrna at 2/d. watt. Full directions for use on each Hn. All you equire to•nse with is LAWSON'S PATENT BRUSH AND itOLDER. Price 60. Orm Brush will last a lifetime. - The end of the Holder being attached to the Brush forms • Shield to prevent the-lingers being soiled with the black. LAWSON'S BLACK is a pleasure to use. Nat-Brushing' No Dirt. Your Grates and Fenders will always leek equal W• sew. Will not burn ofror blister only where the. bare red hot. SOLE MANUFACTURER FOR PATENTEE M. M. LAWSON, BOOTLE, LIVERPOOL.. A large size Tin' with Brush and Holder camphte, beg; per Parcel Post i.e is. 4d. in stamps or postal ordert. Copy of unsolicited Testimonial, selected out of ad nurabg: received. Hawthorne Villa, Linthorpe, Middlesbro', Oct. Oa t 1892. Mr. M. 21, Lawson, Liverpool. DEAR SIR,—I have used same oi the "Lawson's Black ...04 my drawing and dining room fire grates, which my husbag brought me to try, with the object of saving the servants t tedious work of blackleading, and I think it only right to:: comply with his desire' to' inform you that the trial ig" been most satisfactny irs eaery respect; not only is• ; easing in time reduced • more than three-fourths, afl' the appearance of the grates•rnagh improved as compared to cklead, but the brush andiholder you heve introduced ene • Wes those who use it to do soivrithout in any way blacking or soiling their hands. I may also add that so far the apPear, :nee has not been affected by the heat of the fires.—Ymn.' reepectfully, JENNIE DOVE. Ask your Teaman. Grocer, or Chandler for it, ' And See that You Get It.

TT OOPING COUGH 2-1- 1 The celebrated efiet"....; I_IOOPING COUGH i cureutintgrio medicine. HOOFING COUGH -. Of all Chemists Prica HOOPING COUGH 48. per bottle. Sole Wholeta Agents • W. EDWAYD9 BRONCHITIS 151 siueen Victoria Streo" Loacion. , CROUP --

TR-7 B SNOWARIFT CAKE FLOUR. PADLOG% BRAND. IT'S A MARVEL! 8011 D BY GROOBBEI BWEIRYWHEIRIC.

--- .TTEV E T H TE • 0 ISET H. ET —_ TEETH. PARKINSOIRYS TEETH are, at therPtelii UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The P1'1:00 • riEnTH. may rest assured that these statemeno 'tilt I based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, and peritalls vs r illitaTH. best toi J. lalrapntAetar tat tointending oo,tl that,,es• Nhas one of the D4'l3 01 • Dental Practices in England the outeozn • rrEETH. employing the BEST LABOUR, usi6g ~,roll BEST MATERIALS obtainable. and ettsri" TEETH. the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. „,,,,, 4 ad Any set made, or any work done by ,-..„--- 10 rIMETiI. not giving ABSOLUTE S 4.TISFACTI' A 0 Every Detail will be immediately correet,e'"ol I._ TEETH. an ENTIRI7 NEW SET made Figil/ CHARGE. 4100 These conditions insure the publiala Vt., 23 , T'TH. tion and reeemmendation, exemplified .7,0,g , T BETH. sets having been, inserted for patieztts s_.,.,c'rogp , one year only, directly and indirectly thrs'oott ' the voluntary persuasion and recormaend°4l, of of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any or -rofr TEETH. these patients' names and addressol fortoiesi , TEETH. rence, will be given to any woukhbe P aitli ' personally applying for them. Thesei bell -IL thousands in the past, each recommend. ~ tn° ,:es ' prim friends, speak volumes for Mr. Perki ; .. l success. e' Wl , TEETH. His unusually Large Dental Elatehlit g 5 adapted for the COMFORT of FsntB. re to , TEETTT. NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCO t'o"2; FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily from 9' and 2 to.E, . 1 ON' rrEETIL ABSOEUTELY PAINLESS Enalt''—.l vie as hitherto, by the aid of his OWII -cosi! TEETH. LIQUID. NITROUS OXIDE, a-which liquefies. for sale to dentists marly .10 '" .„ ttlit TEETH. lons weekly. Patients, have. thernfor.e._.. " speciality also the benefit of h:e.expen.tlw" i TEETH. CLOSED ALL DAY ON ,PRIDAI.'' ! TEETH. a. H. PARKINSON, , Dentist by Examination, 46, MOSLEY-STREET, MANCIIESI7' , WARRINGTON ON WEDNESDAYS, r.S., Mee irbstiej ' Ladies' Outfitter, Sankey-et., from 2 to 5 0.,n• RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes,. (IA" Parson's), Confectioner, Bridge-et., from 2to 5. t castle' . NORTHWICH. 011 FRIDAYS, at Miss atbsou's..3. from or 11 to b. Al

,"*Ordinary notices of Births' Marriages, and Deaths. ":,-ordil serted free of charge. Marriages or-Deaths with the_:;ol No Cards,. or any addition to the Reglosraes....4o7 A!! notice, are charged Che Shilling and Sz'speners, I?"i—i announcements on credit, Two Shillings and &Tr'''. .oarfl• such announcements must be authenticated by tbe and address of sender.

MARRIAGES.. YUILE—DICIUNSON —January 2802„. by thip Rey. T. - • Walter Henry Tulle to Hllen Dickinsou. ili.lo- - 30th, by the Rev. F. W. 1/ Thomas Owen to Sarah Ellen Crank, DEATTTS Dab I UNSWORIII.—On January 31, at Manchester, (Betsy), relict of the late Wm. Unsworth, of Warring,"-:sef ' MAS9EL—Tanuary 29th. M Wihierspool-road, Mary ,•'''' 59, years. 413 . LONK.E. —January 30th, at 37, King-street, Alice IRO' years. 10 W LTERHMMIL—January 3C411, at 230, Llyerakool-r7a4. jamin Waterhouse, 37 years, 33ALL.—.1anua•y 31, at Howley. Martha Ball, 19 yearg•,,, 0 , TiNLOß.—January 30th, at Harts Place, Mary TaP--. years. „„.. ' Wrison.—February let,, at 68, New Road, Han', Wilson, 57 years. t 51 SHOET.—February Ist, at Monks-street, Eliz2Dath shor • .. years. IN MHMORIAM. ,„ ilea WALSIL—In loving memory of Eleanor Walsh, w•-•'" ' January 31st, 1890‘-12.1.P.

1 I
