===== 0002601_18930916_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-0 o o o o o

===== 0002601_18930916_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
i C o o

SPECIAL COLLECTIONS TO-MORROW On behalf of the Relief Fund. Preacher : Rev. W. H. DRUMMOND, B.A. Divine Service, 10.45 a.m. and 6.30 p.m.

WARRINGTON.

THE ANNUAL SERMONS

(In aid of the debt on the Mission) SUNDAY. SEPTEMBER 17111, 1893. MORNING PARICRIER : REVD. THOMAS J. BROWN, S. J. ETIMING PREACHER : VBRY REVD. DR. LARKIN, 0.5.8. SOLEMN HIGH MASS at 11 a.m. EVENING SERVICE at 630. Double TICKET to botti services is. 6d. Single TICKHT

, 0 ! 1, ; r ja, 110

• Itili

••• , _to lAt.

pet. ol3° Dte

MUNICIPAL rinTECIINICAL INSTITUTE. Will Tit lIP I/ OF ART iinlis9:PAy. sra SHIMMER. -11..11E IjONTINUATION SCIIOOI,

VA,r. IP+ (41

It, ,a 0 Ad Eta rto'

.et•

ARTISTES already eitgaged : MADAME FANNY MOODY, MISS THUDICHUM. MISS MAGGIE DAVIES, MISS LILLY MOODY. MADAME BERTENSILAW. XR, BRAXTON SMITH. MR. JAMES GAWTHROP. R. CIZARLES MANNERS, IIR. DAVID HUGHES, ML BANTOCK PIERPOINT, Solo : MR. FRANK H. CROSSLEY. Solo Piano. MR. F. W. REYNOLDS. r Conductor MR. FRANK H. CROSSLEY. t41,411R the Season a Grand retformance of Handel's Wahil B°N " Will be given in the Drill Hall by the combined forba—_''rßton and Runcorn Societies, consisting of 200 Per- _ c s,

• "urt her particulars will be announced. itII4IIRAB.SALS will commence MONDAY, the 18th Sept., ethesda Lecture Hall, at 7-45. J. BOOTH, Hon. Secs. NV. H. HOGBRSONJ

AIRO-STRF.ET CHAPEL, WARRINGTON.

- LWSEYROAD WESLEYAN CHAPEL, hARvEsT WARRINGTON. THANKSGIVING SERVICES

lie To-MORROW (SUNDAY). SEPT. 17TH. RHINO SERVICE. 10-30.—Rev. OWEN WATKINS. EVENING, 6-30.—Rev. G. D. MASON. Special music by the Choir. Offertory at the close of each Service.

A ---- 4-k WONDERFUL WATCII.-50S. A thoro 144,4 .ughly reliable Silver English Patent Lever Watch. itt jewelled, and fitted, with strong ch kin or fusee. .3.%501id silver hall-marked cases, we!' finished and sped- IfeGZ,°;;Pled to fit fiat in the pocket, F Olt FIFTYE niSliFlßltitL,d- -any 'a• This watch is timed to a minute, a w I.,l;TbTount of rough wear. A WATCH THAT ABSO- tee DEFIES COMPI,TITION ! A Written Guaraii- trota%sVears given with each watch. To be obtained only Clotit'„• and A. RUSTANCE, watchmakers. The Illuminated Sankey, Warrington. on t '--Sent post-free to all parts of the United Kingdom "tint of P. 0.0. -

A.RRINOTON GYMNASIUM SEASON 1893-4. CLASSES COMMENCE MONDAY, SIEPT. 18. LADIES' ORDINARY CLASS.—Mondays and Thursdays, 7-30 to 9-30 p.m.—Terms, 15s. the Season. LADIES' SPECIAL CLASS.—Thursdays, 2-30 to 4 p.m.— Terms, £1 is. the Season. 4NTLEMEN'S ORDINARY CLASS —Tuesdays and Fri- days, 7.30 t, 10 p.m.—Terms 10s. the Season. CLASS.—Wednesdays and Saturda3 5,2-30 to 4 p.m.— Terms. Be. he Season. Season, September to May, isclusive. For further particulars apply at the Gymnasium. Payments strictly in advance.

ST. CHURCH, BEWSEY-STREET,

. AND THE D, Will ,_SCHOOL OF SCIENCE ktit,;,,nn-oPtcrq MONDAY. 18TH SEPTEMBER. tetr,u-ee CLASS liS in forty Subjects.—List of Classes 'Yllabtls may be had on application at the Museum. C_I_IATILES MADELEY, Secretary, I ItOUGli OF WARRINGTON. bueiki°l Nue DISTRESS. Io -'e that ,°ted by the Reliet Committee to T inform the II rri Invide , lIITII RR AID IS REQUIRED to enable them F o %it,,b `O, the ants of those thrown out of employment. Ilk '°s i " °f wCH.eB is growing daily, and means are required 4 ttlb,,rvi le food for upw rds of 2,500 persons. There are 113tliki 13 n Poor women and children who are absolutely t0,,1 —; on the efTorts of the Relief Committee. 14-4`44at,4,e"),re Make a. SPECIAL APPEAL to those more kllevi p‘ the inhabitants to do all in their power to assist 4,1, aang the distress. hit ontit LLaT or SUBSCRIPTIONS. E S. d 4 44 ert Previouy adgl ti ea llO 10 1 oh„ , 0 • . ver s Bart., weekly l5 0 tospetiti ijciv"7l,l. Esq. /liljti Liltord' l'tl 4,11 Apra ow .................................... . .......... . 10 4 Whiteen• Req. 5 0 4,4 w hite . Esti 111:,,,.,,,, a r.;;;;; R.... . . ........................................ ••• g 0 "-r, J /In e ut. and Son. '1 tostield 5 0 lt Oe *. ktree , °Meld t 4ing and sons, Ltd 5 0 4 /Pkb"a oe 0:q. 3 0 A rirlelid, ,se ~ Police Force 4 '4Tnett.exr. P 8 Monks. Esq. • . 2 0 2 0 !:: kikiii,,lilbent ~ SI te ..,y5O 394.er the " Observer " I 0 Qrienn .........................er , lir,utti Per It Dobson, Esq, Jun 0 10 tinseri.P .ent. Esq, 51 loads of potatoek. bk_tion. may be forwarded to me, or paid into any o • ond food may be sent to the Town Hall. Warm, EDWARD HItEENA.LL, Mayor, Hon. Treas. 2ton, 16th September, 1893.

IN USE 100 YEARS. lIE POOR MAN'S FRIEND.

SKIN DISEASES. TIM INVALUABLE OINTMENT (as originally pre- DISEASES. pared by G. L. ROBERTS, M.D.) Is an unfailing remei.ly for wounds SIUN DISEASES. of every description. Scorbutic, Eruptions, Burns, Inflamed Byes, &e. SKIN DISEASES.

_ SKIN DISEASES. DR. ROBERTS' ALTE RAT IVE PILLS, SKIN DISEASES. For the BLOOD and SKIN, are very effectual in the cure of that form of skin disease which SKIN DISEASES, shows itself in painful cracks in the skin and scaly diseases. SKIN DISEASES. Sold at is. 10,25. 9d., by the Pro. prietors,Bridport.and by Chemists

COUNTY OF CHESTER. KNUTSFORD PARLIAMENTARY DIVISION.

REGISTRATION OF PARLIAMENTARY ELECTORS AND COUNTY ELECTORS, 1893. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that DAVID ARCHER VAUGHAN COLT WILLIAMS, Esquire, having been appointed one of the Barristers to REVISE THE LISTS OF ELECTORS in Parliamentary Elections,with- in the North Wales Circuit,will make a Circuit and hold Courts for Revising the Lists of Parliamentary Electors and County Electors, and also of the Separate List of Persons entitled to be elected Members of the County Council of the County of Chester, though not entitled to be on the County Electors Roll of the said County, for the KNUTSFORD DIVISION of the COUNTY OF CHES- TER, at the several times and places following, that is to say For the several Townships in the following Polling Dis- trict, viz :—ALDERLEY POLLING DISTRICT—Alder- ley Nether, Alderlev Over, Charley, and Warlord Great. On Saturday, the 23rd day of September next, at 11-40 m'clock in the Forenoon. At the Public Ball, Alderley Edge. For the several Townships in the following Polling District, viz :—WILMSLOW POLLING DISPRICT— Hollinfee, Fulshaw, and Pownall Fee. On Monday, the 25th day of September next,at 11-45 o'clock in the Fore- noon. At the Drill Hall, Wilmslow. For the several Pownships in the following Polling Districts, viz :—BOLLING lON POLLING DISTRICT— Bollington and Pott Shrigley. RAINOW POLLING DlSTRlCT—Macclesfield Forest and Rainow. On Tues- day, the 26th day of September next, at 11-40 o'clock in the Forenoon. At the Sunday School, Bollington. For the several Townships in the following Polling Districts, viz :—ADLINGTON POLLING DISTRICT.— Adlington and Newton. PRESTBURY POLLING DIS- TRICT.—ButIey, Fallibroome,- Mottram St. Andrew, Pre.tbury, Tytherington, and Upton. On Wednesday, the 27th day of September next, at 11-40 o'clock in the Forenoon. At the Black Boy Inn, Prestburv. For the several Townships and parts of Townships in the following Polling District, viz. : HOLMES CHAPEL POLLING DlSTRlCT.—Brereton-cum-Sinethwick,Bvley, that part of the township formerly known as Byley-cum- Yatehouse, Church Hulme, Cotton, Cranage, Davenport, Kermincham, Leese, Somerford-cum-Radnor, Sproston ; that part of the Township formerly known as Moores- barrow-curn-Parme, Sproston; that part of the town- ship formerly known as Sproston, Swettenham, and Twemlow.—On Thursday, the 28th day of September next, at 10.30 o'clock in the Forenoon. At the Assembly Room, Holmes Chapel. For the several Townships in the following Polling District, viz :—POYNTON-WITH-WORTH POLLING DISTRICT—Poynton-with-Worth and Woodford.—On Monday, the 2nd day of October next, at 11.40 o'clock in the Forenoon. At the News Room, Povnton. For the several Townships in the following Polling Districts, viz. :—SIDDINGTON POLLING DISTRICT— Capesthorne, Chelford, Marton, Siddington, Snelson, Somerford Booths, Withington Lower and Withington Old.—On Tuesday, the 3rd day of October next, at 11 o'clock in the Forenoon.—At the National School, Sid- dington. For the several Townships in the fcllocving Polling District, viz. :—ASHTON-13Y-BUDWORTH POLLING DISTRICT—Ashton-by-Budworth, Crowley. and Pick- mere. KNUTSFORD POLLING DISTRICT—Bexton, Knutsford Inferior, Knutsford Superior,llere, 011erton, Tabley Inferior, Tabley Superior. Tatton and Toft. MOBBERLEY POLLING DISTRICT.—Marthall-cum- Warlord, and Mobberley. OVER FEOVER POLLING DlSTRlCT.—Blackden, Goostrey-cum-Barnshaw, and Peover Superior. On Wednesday, the 4th day of Octo- ber next, at 10.30 o'clock in the Forenoon. At the Ses- sions House, Nether Knutsford. For the several Townships in the folewing Polling Dis- tricts,viz :—DISLEY POLLING DlSTRlCT.—Disley,ancl Lyme Handley. WHALEY BRIDGE POLLING DlS- TRlCT.—Kettle!hulme, Taxall, and Yeardsley.cum- Waley. On Thursday the sth day of October next, at 12.30 o'clock in the Afternoon. At the National School, For the several Townships in the following Polling District, viz. :—GRAPPENHALL POLLING DISTRICT. —Grappenhall, Latchford; the parts within and without the Municipsl Borough of Warrington. Oa Friday, the 6th day of October next, at 10.30 o'clock in the forenoon. At the National School, Grappenhall. For the several Townships in the following Polling Districts, viz :—DARESBURY POLLING DISTRICT.— Acton Orange, Daresbury, Hatton, Kekewick, Moore, Newton-by-Daresbury, Preston-o'th-Hill, Walton Inferior and Walton Superior. WIIITLEY POLLING DISTRICT. —Antrobus, Seven Oaks, Whitley Inferior and ‘l'llitley Superior. On Saturday, the 7th day of October next, at 10-45 o'clock in the Forenoon. At the Magistrates'Court House, Paresbury. For the several Townships and part of a Township in the following Polling Districts, viz :—ALLOSTOCK POLLING DlSTRlCT.—Allostock, Penver Inferior, and Peover Nether. APPLETON POLLING DISTRICT. Appleton with Hull, and Stream+. LOSTOCK GRALAM POLLING DISTRICT.—Lach Dennis, Lostock Gralam, Plumley, Rudheath, and Whatcroft ; that part of the Township formerly known as Shipbrook. And for all and every the Parishes. Townships and Places (if any) within the said Knutsford Division of the County of Chester, for which Courts to revise the Parliamentary Electors' Lists and County Electors' Lists therein have not herein- before been appointed. On Monday. the 9th day of October next, at 11.30 o'clock in the Forenoon. At the Working Men's Club, Lostock Gralam. At the Courts for such of the above-menamed Town- ships as are situate within the Borough of Warrington, the Barrister will, under the above Notice, revise the Ownership Lists only for such Townships or parts ot Townships. All Overseers and other Persons whose attendance may be necessary, are hereby required to attend the said Courts at the several times and places aforesaid, at which the Lists of their respective Townships are hereby appointed to be revised, and all Overseers are required to produce in Court the Rate Books of their respective Townships.containing the Poor Rates made and allowed during the period between the sth day of January,lB92, and the 15th day of July, 1893. and to bring with them copies of their Lists. and all Notices of Claims and Ob- jections, and other papers they have receivad,concernt6g the Registration of Parliamentary Electors for the Knetsford Division and County Electors of the said County of Chester. REGINALD POTTS, . Clerk to the Cheshire County Council. Chester, 28th August, 1693.

Obippiim Rdtires.

-,- EM IGRATION. -

TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD. Intending emigrants to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, San Franaisco, Canada, China, Japan, Australia, or Nev Zealand, should take tickets (lowest rates). at the • Examiner" Office, Warrington, by G.UION. AMERICAN, AUSTRA- LIAN. ORIENTAL, and other lines. JOHN WALKER, 1 AGENT. "EXAMINER" OFFICE BEWSEY-ST., WARRINCION.

WORTHINGTON'S BURTON ALES AND STOUTS. FINDLATER'S DUBLIN INVALID AND OTHER STOUTS. GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT . IN CASK OR BOTTLE.

FINDLATER'S STOUTS may now be had In 41 gallon casks. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS in bottle only. J. M. BEACON.

_ BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER. 14, BT. JAMII3-ST.,

===== 0002601_18930916_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE YOU HAD A DRINK OF TUN FAMOUS

"TEIV‘-ITT" STOUT

T O-D AY 1

IF Nor, TRY IT.

ADDRESS --

RICHARD F ORSHAW

COLLINS GREEN BREWERY.

NEWTON-LB-WILLOWS.

ESTABLISHED 1870.

__..,. HANKINSON AND SON. AERATBD_WA.TER MANUFACTURRRS,

RUNCORN. Among their Specialities are REAL OLD-FASHIONED BREWED

GINGER BEER,

In Stone Bottles. 70LAKONE, containing the stimulating and sus- taining properties of the Nola Nut. Beneficial to Athletes. BREWED HOP ALE (Non-Intoxicating). nUININE TONIC WATER, a Delicious Drink and a Splendid Restorative. •IciD . SODA. WATER, guaranteed to Contain the required quantity of Soda-Bicarbonate. IN CORKED Olt PATENT BOTTLES. SYPHONS SUPPLIED. HANKINSON and SON guarantee their Drinks to be Free from all injurions contam- inations, being periodically subjected to a strict analysis. Their Aerated Waters are of the Highest Quality, and cannot be excelled.

1893-4.

1893-4.

_ FOOTBALL SEASON !TJN- WORTH BROS., FOOTBALL OUTFITTERS. GRAND DISPLAY OF NEW GOODS-

===== 0002601_18930916_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY BALLS.

THH TERROR from 23.11 d. THE CLINKER. Hand Stitched, 4s. 114. and 53 64. COUNTY HATCH, 83. 6d. and 103. 6d.

ASSOCIATION BALLS.

BOYS', from Is. 6d. THE TElt/2011, 3s 9d. HAND- STITCMED, BA. lid. 'MB CHAMPION, 8. 6d. COUNTY MATCH. les esi. BEST QUALITY BLADDERS AT LOWEST PRICES. JERSEYS! JERSEYS!! jERSEYS !! ! VERY LARGE ASSORTMENT, BLACK AND COLOURS, fr.,m 2s. 3d.

SRO GUARDS, 61dt, Is., Is. 6d., Is. lid., and 2s. 11d, per pair. FOOTBALL BAGS, 29. 11d., 3s. 11.. 4s. 6d.. to 10s. 64. RUNCORN AND WIDNRS CLUB FIXTURES FERE ON APPLICATION. UNSWORTFI BROS.

24, 26, 47, A 49, HIGH-ST/MIT,

RUNCORN.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO M PAN I", LTD (Late John Nunneriey and Co.. LA.). BUILDERS' MERCHANTS. ARPLY STATION, WARRINGTON, YELINHELI. PENRHYN, AND CANNA RYON SLATES. CEMENT, LIME, DRAIN PIPES, FIRE BRIM!, TILES. and every other kind of Builders' Materials kept In stock at our Arpley Wharf, or sent by road. rail, or vessel to any Town or Port in the United Kingdom. SOLE AGENTS for the RUGBY PORTLAND CEMEN TOO. Telephone No. 19. Telegraphic Ad:lrene .• Arplev." Vi'gtona

ESSR S. CUM PST Y. A N S 0 N SURGEON DENTISTS. EXTRACT TEETH WITHOUT PAIN. 78—I8LINGTON. LIVERPOOL-78 WITH NITROUS °ZION GAS. A SET OF ARTIFICIAL IRETiI, WITH ALL THH LATEST IMPROVEMENTS, FROM 3s. PER TOOTH. Mr. Cumpsty's advertisement to extract teeth without paints strictly correct. Samuel Nash. Secretary Young Metes Christian Association.-10th August. 1869.

TEETH ! TEETH! TEETH! MACDONALD'S PRIM DENTOMUM. WHOLBSALIC TBBTII MANTJFACTORY (Registered.) B H.M.R. Letters Patent. (Trade Mark.) The Best and Cheapest House in the ProfeAFion. Single Teeth. 2s. ; Sets. 20s. Fit and Quality Guaranteed Patients fitted while they wait. A lady in attendance. The Trade Supplied. All best reaterlds and work= %,thip Teeth extractea free from 6 to a p.m. Teeth extracted without pain. Free colv4illtAtians. Telegraphic Address " Dent ist," 14Ianehester. 9, PICCADILY (Opposite Infirmary Cock). MANLMINTRR

S. ALLSOPP & SON'S MILD AND BITTER ALI a

-0-nd MAMA & SON'S OELBBRATED DUBLIN STOUT In 9. 18, and 38 Gallon Casks, or BOttUYI. AGENT

PETER LETGII, HORSEIMARKBT STREW. WARRINGTON.

HOME MADE MARMALADE.

A DELICACY IN EVVEY HOUSEHOLD.

COLLII4GE'S SEVILLE ORANGE MARMALADE

SOLD BY ALL OrROCE7I9.-WORKS BABLBSTOWN.

...

ri'..

===== 0002601_18930916_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS,

SOMETHING new in cigarettes, runs the advertise- Iltent. Let us hope it is tobacco. "I'LL join you in a minute" is what the minister sold to the couple who were waiting to be married. "Snit had star-like eyes and raven hair, her lips were like ripe red cherries, and her neck like that of a swan."—Puck. Iw there was bat one potato in the world, a careful cultivator might produce 10,000,000,000 from it in 10 years, and that would supply the

world with aced again. FRIEND "Trouble with your wife, eh? What rock did your domestic ship split on ? " Spinks : "None at all. Hadn't rocks enongn ; that was

the difficulty." "I PITY you, old man, when I Bee your creditors Worrying you as they do. That is a trouble I never had myself." "No; you probably never

had any credit." SAID a conscientious auctioneer: "Ladies and gentlemen, there is no sham about these carpets. They are genuine tapestry carpets. I bought them from old Tapestry himself." STRANGER : "What do you have the wires on that barbed-wire fence so close together forl" Mississippi Farmer: "So that when the river rises we can use it for a fish net." OFFSPRING—" Ma, what makes pa SO CMS to- day ?" Ma—" Re's writing a poem, dear, on the beauties of parental love." You can please any milkman by telling him that his milk is pure; but you may annoy him if you say it is of the first water. Milk is not diamonds,

yo-u know. MAMMA "Will you have some more pudding, pet?" Little Pet : "No, ma'am. I'm full." Mamma: "Horrors! Yon mus'nt say you're fall. It is'nt nice." Little Pet "I mean my 'tomach's

full." TRUE GRATITUDE.—GridefiII farmer (who, after 'various losses, has been started again by the squire) —Ah ! your honour, I saki to Bridget: "As long as the squirs and his sons are about we shall never want for a few pigs and oxen." THERE are two occasions when a man is greatly interested in his personal appearance—the one is when he sees hair coming on his upper lip, and the other is when the hair is growing off the top of his

head. "So your wife has left you?" "She has." "What were her last words on leaving you 1"

_ 8" Is my hat on straight?' " THERE iS nothing more calculated to take the conceit out of a fellow than seeing a crayon por- trait of himself by an amateur artist. A MAN said that porter taken in large quantities made him fat. His friend answered—" I once saw it make you lean—against a lamp-post." " 'ULLo Bill. 'Ow did yer get down? What sort of a journey ?" " Rippin', my boy. Second- class carriage, third-class ticket, and first-class company." CHOLLIE : "Going to be married in a month! Well, old fellah, you mustn't fret about it, though I know what it is. Doosed depwessing idea." AT LAST. —Doctor: Your wife has dislocated her jaw, air. Mr. Wagtung (rubbing his hands -cheerf ally): Ah, I thought that curtain-lecture last night would do it! UNSELFISH —Waiter (to farmer visiting London who has been dining in a restaurant) : Ahem! Anything, sir, for the waiter, sir? Farmer (looking at his plate); yes. Take all there's left; Pm stuffed Wactos (to young matron with the perambula- tor) : "Good morning, Mrs. Fullbloorn. Are you taking the son out for an airing, or the heir out for a sunning?" Mrs. Fullbloom : "Neither, Mr. Waggs. Baby is a girl." PARSON: Don't you think my argument on the teetotal question thoroughly sound. Toper: Yes, air. All sound! EDITOR: "Sending poetry to this magazine Mr. Scribbler, is a good deal like casting bread upon the waters.'" Scribbler: "Yes, sir, I sup- pose it is. I notice that it generally returns after many days." MEYERS-MIN : "You yes a greai feller to put on air, aind it? I remembers your gran'fader vos noddings hut der vila.che hangman in Poland?" Blumenroth : "Yaw I I remembers dot, too; and your gran'fader vos der lasd von he hangt "You are most entertaining," remarked the gallant old gentleman to his fair partner at dinner. "I assure you that I envy your future husband." The maid turned an appealing face toward him. "Would—would you mind introducing him ?" she asked.

OVERHEARD AT DRIGUTON.—Johnnie : Did yon /notice that lovely girl? What glorious eyes, with an expression like that of a startled fawn. Old band (calmly): If she has that look she's from London. .Johnnie: NVey ? Old Hand: You see all the girls there are that way. Dodging 'buses -and cabs, you know! J011:I : " A'm sayin', Jean, when ye gang tee the market the morn, dinna buy ony mair barrels o' apples frae Tamson." Joan: " Whit's th' maitter wi Tamson, John? Die he nate pit the big apples at the top an' the wee anes at the bottom?' John: 610 u, ay; but he diens mark the tap, an' I've opened three o' his barrels at the bottom tae show the customers." IT DISCOURAGED CONVERSATIOIC—BIOObUHIper " Well, I suppose the sewing-society went over a great lot of gossip this afternoon?" Mrs. Bin.- bumper: "No : we didn't talk a bit of gossip." Bloobumper : "How that that?' Mrs. Bloobumper " Every member was present." A footman learned from his master that vial apropos meant "out of place." Meeting a brother footman who had been discharged, "Ah, my dear fellaw, lam sorry for you. You are vial apropos." Hz was a poor, half starved looking baggage man. "Doing anything ?" we asked him. "Oh, yes," he replied, with a grim smile, "the great aquarium Wok. " What's that?" "Fasting." TIIAT BOY AGAIN.—Miss Flipflap (who has just been asked to play something on the piano) : Oh really I assure you I can't play anything, really I— Tommy Flipflap : Say, Madge, why don't you play that piece you spoke to me a out?, 'Miss Fiipflap : What piece, Tommy? Tommy F. Why that one you told me to ask you to play when we had company 'cause you knew it better'n any of the others. I forgot the name ! SIR G. 13Esnalogr once met Quin at a very small dinner party. There was a delicious pudding, which the master of the house, pushing the dish towards Quin, begned him to taste. A gentleman had just before helped himself to an immense piece of it. "Pray," said Quin, looking first at the gentleman s plate and then at the dish, "what is the pudding?" NEVER VARIED.—A story is told to the effect that a young wernan who, giving evidence in a court, on being asked her age and replying that she was 30, was asked if she had not given the same age when before the magistrate a couple of _years previously. "I think it very likely," she answered coolly; "I'm not one of thtise women who say one thing to-day and quite another to- morrow!" Tramping Jake: "It's getting to be too hard work to pick up a livin' in this country. El it wuzn't so fur away I'd go to Central Ameriky. A, man don't hay to do nothin' there. Whole country's covered with bananas. Nothin' to do but lay under a tree all day an' ‘at bananas." Rusty rule : "Got to pick 'em off a the trees, hadn't ye?" "Course." "1 knoged ther' wuz some drawback." • ABOUT the time when Murphy so successfully attacked the st,kge-struck heroes in the pleasant face of "The Apprentice," an eminent poulterer went to a spouting-club in search of his servant who, he understood, was that evening to make his debut in Lear, and entered t ,e room at the moment he was exclaiming, "I am the King; you cannot touch me for coining." " No, you dog," cried the enraged master, catching the mad mon- arch by his collar, "but I can for not picking the ducks. HE HARDLY KNEW HER.—A Yorkshire miner recently called on a well-known local artist, with a view to getting his dead wife's portrait painted. "But, my good man," said the astonished knight of the brush, "I never saw your wifo." " Weel, that dusna matter," said Bill. " Yo've a picter of Moases, 'at liven three thalisaLn yeor sin' ; surely yo' can manage wun 0' my wife, 'ats nobbut been deea.d a month !" This of course was irresistible, and the picture was duly finished, and when Bill went to fetch it away, he wiped his eyes and mur- mured gontly : "So& that's my wife? Ha changed aka !''

PAIN KILLERI Get a bottle to-day of PERRY DKVIS'S PAIN KILLER. 'lota directly on the mat of Pain. Cures Coldi,Coughs. Head. setup, (?ramp and Pain he the Stomach, Colic. Diarrlicea, ohi by all Clia,nist atllland3O. Avoid all Imitations wader raisleaclinz names. PAIN KILLER

CARTEV EIVE3 Small Pia Small Dose

Small Price Forty in a Sugar Coated Purely Vegetablel Cure Torpid Liver Without Fail Chosoutta I ).4.

which will speedilY. arrest the progress et decay.in rden tie gums, and unpart a riel ,rattlil fragrance to ego breath. All Chemists snil U. 941

'',3 LITTLE I PILLS ' -K;;;11111- 5,2116. r ensoBErlettUrblily tta72. .: mu use of that dolir 1 4‘ ,ii R aromatic tooth-w S , rregrant , l -- SOZOOr - ta ' w)

===== 0002601_18930916_art0006.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.___l_ -

===== 0002601_18930916_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
" CAPITAL" CHAT.

Mr. Austen Chamberlain has furnistied the first Parliamentary smile of the present week. Things were very dull on Monday, until question Mo. 14, standing in the name of Mr. Chamberlain, was reached. His son promptly rose and reinarked,'. " On behalf of my right honorable relative, I beg to ask question Ne.l4:' This variation from the last occasion of the kind, when young Chamberlain referred to the author of his being as " my right honorable friend," made the whole house smile, the Speaker included. Had the incident occurred a week or two ago, when the benches were well filled, the smile would in all probability have 'developed into a roar. But at the fag end of the session,with considerably more membets absent than present., it is not so easy to generate a good healthy laugh.

The nearest approach to a good laugh was reached at a late stage, when business was temporarily sus- pended for a moment or two while. Mr. Bowles and Mr. Banbury were engaged in consultation as to the next move in the game of obstruction. Mr. Bowles was understood to be addressing the House at the ,time ; nevertheless, he stopped short, and, ignoring the Chair, conversed in undertones , with his neigri- bour, Mr. Banbury, in the coolest and most nonchal- ant fashion imaginable. The cynical audacity. 01 the proceeding tickled most of the members present and provoked ironical cheers, blended with subdued laughter, from the Radical and Irish benches.

The indecent attack made on Mr. Gladstone from the pulpit by a Scotch Episcopalian clergyman on 6uhday last has its parallel in Ireland. Shortly aftet the rejection of the Home Rule Bill in 1886 a well-known Irish Protestant Nationalist attended a harvest thanksgiving service in a church in Dublin. The preacher enumerated amongst the blessings lately vouchsafed to the Irish Protestants their pre- servation from the traitorous designs of wicked and , disaffected men to sever Ireland from Great Britain I and to institute a regime of bitter religious persecu- tion. -- Lotd Decies did not follow example of the old Duke of Queensbury, who gave his doctor a good salary while he was kept alive, but not a penny on iiis death. Lord Decies has left his doctor two hundred guineas a year. This eccentric peerewho lately died, never took the trouble to claim his vote in the House of Lords. He was described at his death as having " lived in retirement" for seven years at the North Eastern Hotel in York. A curious place for retirement, a busy station hotel !

" On Hot Rolls to Fame I" would be a good title for a book giving the life and history of Major ktopner, who is the generous giver of the public park to the town of Stockton-on-Tees, which is -oon to be opened by the Duke and Duchess ol York. Major Ropier began life as a German baker,l and 25 years ago was selling hot lolls of a morningl in the streets of Hartlepool. He is now one of the Largest and wealthiest shipowners and ship builders in the North of England, and the value of the park lie is giving to the public is no less than £lO.OOO. [he major is an officer of the Ist Durham Rifle Volunteers, and lives like a prince at Preston Hall, near Stockton. He is a prominent member of the South Durham Hunt, and his near neighbour at VVynyard, Lord Londonderry, has been instrumen- tal in getting the consent of their Royal Highnesses to open the park.

The list of aristocratic tradesmen goes on increas- tug. Hear are a few more that have been un- earthed. The Austrian Prime Minister, Count Taafe, who is also a British peer, is making a hand- ome profit from the sale of Ellischan cheeses made on his estate ; Count Harracb, one ot the most it:- timate friends of the late Austrian Crown Prince, owes the principal part of his incomi to the manu- facture ot Bohemian glass ; the Prince of Schwart- zenberg are brewers, but even the fortune 'made out of beer is not sufficient to keep up the extravagance of the head ot the house ; the Princes of Lobkowitz have their fine old name on boxes of patent medicines; while, as everyone knows, Prince Bismark sells farm produce, and grumbles at the prices.

There is a good deal of interest in the House as to the whereabouts oi W. H. Hurlbert, and ques- tions are to be put to the Government on the subject on Monday night. It is not for a moment believed that he is at Genoa, although the letters from him which have been sent to the newspapers bear. I hear, the postmark of that town. Still, there is a belief that he is somewhere in the Old W0..1d, and quite possibly in Italy or Greece, and there is Lnuch anxiety lest the Public Prosecutor should be lax in his efforts to solve the mystery.

The strongly worded resolution adopted by the Welsh Baptists on the Disestablishment question received considerable attention amongst members of Parliament on Wednesday. In effect it seems to be identical in policy with that carried by the Welsh members at their meeting. It does not con- template immediate secession from the Liberal party,but it urges the Welsh party to take an inde- pendent course in the session of 1894 unless the bill is taken earnestly in hand. The reports of the meeting at which this recommendation was made to the Welsh representatives have served to impress Liberal members of Parliament with a sense at the determined and rather rebellious attitude of the Welsh people. They realise thoroughly that Wales means business.

Considering the length of time that the dahlia has been in cultivation, it is perhaps the least satisfactory of flowers. It has,in fact, been spoiled as many other florist flowers have been. Prizes are given for its faults and not its possible excellences. It has no wantonness or caprice of shape ; it hurls, so to speak, its crude and glaring colours at you. A great show of dahlias was opened on Wednesday at the Earl's Court Exhibition, and among the mountains of flowers as interesting as cannon balls painted crimson there are just a few that give one hopes of more artistic culture. The hopes seem to lie principally in the direction of the new star dahlias with partly folded petals, but at present these are too severely regular, and look like mai- ! I tary decorations in metal work. A solitary single dahlia, shown by Messrs. Paul and Sons, of grey- white, with rosy blushes, has more of the beauties which dahlias in general lack than any other flower in the show. It is a new variety, and is called after the Duchess of Albany. There are many other flowersin the show, and Mr. Sleythes, gar- dener to the Duke of Northumberland at bion House takes the first prize for a group of blossoms (many orchids) and foliage plants.

Dr. Donald Macleod, who played the chief part at the new Crathie Church ceremony before the Queen is net the great doctor, but a relative. The Queen' 8 .otch affections have ever run in families, yet she h s never found anyone to fill the place left vacant when Dr. Norman Macleod, the famous minister of that barony, died. Glasgow acquaintances who had the doctor for a guest, and especially ladies, used to bombard him at dinner with questions as to what happened when be was dining with the Queen at this or that portion of the meal. One especially persistent questioner quite exhausted the doctor's power of narration, for after meetingther demands for information without flinching,be at last pleaded " Madam, it was just at this stage that her Majesty ~aid to me • Norman, will ye hae a dram,' and I said, With pleasure, your Majesty.'

No one among the ministers of the Established Church in Scotland is more popular at Balmoral that Dr. James Macgregor, the most eloquent 01 Edinburgh preachers. Dr. Macgregor has not the advantage of ' stately presence which Dr. , Normsn Macleod and Dr. Guthrie enjoyed. He is 1 slightly deformed, and so small of stature that he is called " the wee minister." One pulpit he occupied was so big that he had to stand on tip-toe to see over the edge, and as no thoughtful elder came with 1 a footstool, he gave out the psalm, "Lord, from the depths to Thee I cry." Another story told by him- self is that ot a visit to a farmhouse to see some membera of his congregation, then a rural one, who Iwere not at home. A boy about the farm, who did not know the visitor, took him round the steading, ; and, pointing out a curtosly-shaped pig, said, " We ca' him Bowdy Macgregor, after oor minister."

" TOBACCONISTS commencing " Illustrated guide (met free) TonAccomsts' OUTFITTING Co.-186. }Natoli road, London, Rat. 1866.-4dvt.

A one-legged bicyclist named Budleson, has just accomplished the feat of pedalling across the North American continant from " Frisco " to New York,taking less than 67 days to do it.

HAENESS'S BLECTROPATIIIC BBLT WILL CURE YOU.

Quickly and effectively of liervous end painful affections, seeh as Paralysis, Hysteria, Neuralgia, Headache. Rphepsy, Indigestion, Rheumatism, Dont, Lumbago, Weakness. De- pression of Spirits, and Want of Energy. Wear one and en- joy the pleasures of life. Write describing your case to Mr. H. Harness, 52. Oxford-street. London, who will send yvu advice free of charge, with pamphict cii any special cern- plaint,—.4dre (a).

===== 0002601_18930916_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1893 LADIES' LETTER.

DEAu Masan,

Plain bodices, whether of tweed or fancy woollens of the light summery type, may be altered for autumn wear by removing the light trimmings of lace and adding velvet pouffs, or entire sleeves and frills, or Victorian revers across the shoulders; or ribbon velvet or bias bands are charming. A combination of tan-coloured canvas or crepon with moss.green velvet makes a charming costume .in this style; Or black or petunia velvet on grey, heliotrope, or fawn crOpon is extrernsly pretty.

Some smart tailor costumes for young ladies in their teens are composed of serge or tweed. They are made with straight skirts, which can be either trimmed or not, according to fancy, with rows of woollen braid ties round them in hoops. The bodice may be made in either of two ways; the first is tight fitting with the shortest of basques, If such it can be called, for the bodice is really cat short immediately below the waist line. It is shaped en cceur at the neck, where it is finished with a turned-down collar and wide pointed revers; the right front fastens across on the left side over the rever with three large buttons. The second bodice is cut in the Eton jacket shape, barely long enough to reach the waist ; it is finished in the same way as the fitting corsage, with 8. turned-down collar and revers, and is worn over a full silk blouse. The sleeves of both bodices are cut in a coat shape, with an ample fulness upon the shoulder.

A styllsh•looking mantle is of tweed, water- proofed with indiarubber. The cape is detachable, and can be worn separately. If preferred, a plain tweed can be had instead of a check.

We are likely to have plain skirts, but very flowing ones, this winter in rich materials, such as velvets, dpingle, or moire antique. These will be trimmed down the front with handsome jet plaques or ornaments placed at intervals. Pelisses will bo much worn, and a forerunner of these is the new dust cloak, made in alpaca, pong.L., shot silk, or mery satin. The back is made ea princesse, and the fronts have one curved but very loose side seam, the cloak fastening on one side with three rosettes of the silk. A very wide revers collar is edged with a deep fall of 6cru or black lace. Fancy blouse bodices are pretty as well as economical garments, and truly they are the rage. New designs for making them come out constantly, so that we are not at a loss for variety. Cotton blouses always look very fresh in the summer, and are much more practical when worn with serge skirts than entire dresses composed of washing materials. These blouses will be repeated for home wear during the autumn and coming winter in fancy flannel and other woollen materials. The former can now be had in many different colours and patterns. Those spotted with black or white spots and rings make up very prettily. Silk blouses should of course be reservld for the after- noon, while those which are made of cheaper materials save many a better frock, as they can be used with half-worn skirts.

Capes will be very popular for wearing until really cold weather sets in, and they are being made in a great variety of shapes and sizes. Just now the most fashionable kind seems to be a small shoulder cape of velvet, with a deep frill of coarse ecru lace tacked beneath it so as to give the effect of a double cape, the neck being finished with a toll lace ruff fastening in front under a velvet rosette. This is a very smart little wrap, and can be made at home withes r, much difficulty if a little care is taken in cutting. The cape is not very wide, and what fulness there is is arranged in box. pleats, two in front and two at the back, the part over the shoulders being plain. Some of the newest three-quarter capes are of moire, with deep falling epaulettes of velvet, edged with narrow fur, but in every case the shoulder-pieces are so cut as to give a sloping effect, and a full ruche of velvet or lace is invariably substituted for the high collar of last winter. The newest jackets, which are, however, as I have hinted, not much worn yet, have rather short, full basques and long pelerine fronts, and are much trimmed.

Your ever loving, Jumns.

The German Empress is a blonde with one little weak- ness—for surroundings of pale blue. Women should see that the tedious and old-fashioned word "lady "is eliminated from their titles. So says an advanced woman journalist. The Queen of Greece is president of a sisterhood devoted to the reformation of criminals, and she person- ally visits prisoners. The only ornament ever worn by the widowed Arch- duchess Stephanie, is a locket containing the portrait of her little daughter on one side and that of her mother, the Queen of the Belgians, on the other. The Empress of Austria has to give a written receipt for the State jewels every time she wears them, and her Majesty as a result, usually contents herself with her private collection, which is worth £300,000. Mrs. G. S. Heaney. the author of so many children's tales, has recently written a novel appealing to older readers. The title has not yet been definitely decided. It will be issued in three volumes by Messrs. Bliss, Sands and Foster next month. The Queen insists on all her small grandsons wearing Highland dress when they are with her ; and even the little girls of the Duke o! Connaught wear plaid kilts, Scotch caps, and short jakets when they are under their Royal Grandmamma's eye. Miss Macintyre the well-known vocalist, was born In India. In four years she has reached a high summit in public favour. Her mother acts as her secretary, and

tho arrangement of her numerous engagements occupies much time. Miss Macintyre was lucky enough to sing in Dr. Liszt's oratorio, " St. Elizabeth," when tle,e vet- eran composer was visiting London, and hisapproffation sealed her success. • To the ailing about Sandringham the Princess of Wales devotes much time and makes many sacrifices. "Sir," says a tenant of 30 years standing. " I have known the Royal lady leave a sick labourer's bedside at ten o'clock at night, go to her own home, take delicate things from her own dinner tab:e, and brint them back herself to the sick man at nearly eleven o'clock at night. How many ladies would do as much for the poor 2" 1 While on this subject it may be .as well to note that it *i in my own knowledge that up to a very few years ago Her Majesty continued her singing, preserving her 'voice and execution, and • used to sing duets with the Princess Beatrice, who wail very carefully taught, fias (Pike a good voice, and sings with great feeling and taste. Lady Florence Dixie, acclrrling to the "North British Mail," was offered £135,000 by a millionaire Well known in London slcietv,to start a halfpenny daily Woman's paper. Lady Florence, however, has declined On the ground that the millionaire wanted it a fashion- able woman's organ, whereas,she wanted to conduq it on advanced women suffrage lines. Only two ladies seem to have hitherto received the fkeeclum of London City. One is the Baroness Burdett- Coutts, the ,other is Lady Charlotte Schrieber. Lady Charlotte owes her distinction to the Company of the Fantnakers. She is the greatest living authority on fans of all kinds, British or Foreign, ancient or'inodern, and spent over 20 years in collecting the 350 rare fans she presentea to the British Museum. . " The ugliest women in the world " are the cleverest, according to Sir Crichton Browne. He fears that what woman'. gains intellectually by the higher education now in vogue, she will lose in beauty and grace, and often in health, too. Amongst the Garo nation, a peo- ple dwelling on a range of hills between the Bralunapoo- tra. and the Soorma valleys, the women are supreme. They woo the men, they control the affairs of the home and the nation, property descends through them, and in everything they are d •ininent, but—note the sequel-- they are the very ugliest women on the face of the earth.

The Queen as a Singer. Some paragraphs appeared in this column says a writer in a London contemporary calling attention to the singularity of so good a musician as the Duke of Edinburgh succeeding such a successful composer as the late Duke Ernest of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha. These have been repeated by a contemporary who, by the way of making them appear original, has added the startling statement that" the musical tastes and talents which all the Queen's children possess are derived from their lather," and then he goes on to say that H,er Majesty "has never laid claim to anything more than an appre- ciation of music and its charms." This is sheer non- sense, for, though the Queen may not " lay claim to anything' more than an appreciation," site is an exceed- ingly accomplished performer, well-posted student of music, and used to sing with great precision and taste, having a particulaily sweet voice. - - -

My judgment on this-point might be disputed, but few will gainsay ' Mendelssohn's sight to speak with authority. In a private letter -written from Frankfort on July 19th, 1842, to his mother, he quite ingenuously describes a very charming scene in the vie intime of the. Roy al pair. It is too long to quote in its entirety, but one bit of it I will give. Alter a long but interesting openihg, he says:—" The Duchess of Kent came in, too and while. they were all talking I rummaged about amongst the music and soon discovered my first set of songs. So, of course, I begged her rather to sing one ot those than the Gluck, to which she very kindly con- sented ; and which did she chocse 2—Schoner und schoner schmuckt sich !—sang it quite charmingly in strict time and tune, and with very good execution. Only in the line ' Der prosa lasten und mull' where it goes down to D and then comes up again by semi-tones, she sang D sharp each time,and as I gave her the note the two first times the last time she sang D where it ought to have been D sharp. But with the exception of this little mistake it was really charming, and the last long G I have never heard better or purer or more natural from any amateur. Then I was obliged to confess that Fanny had written the song (which I found very hard, but pride must have a fall), and to beg her to sing one of mine also. This indisputable evidence of the Queen's prowess, tempered as it oby just criticism, goes on as follows :—" If I would give her plenty of help she would gladly try, she said, and then she sang the Pilger- spruch Lass dich nur ' really quite faultlessly, and with charming feeling and expression. I thought to myself one must not pay too many compliments on such an occasion, en I merely thanked her a great many times, upon which she said, ' Oh, if I had not been so frightened; generally I have such long breath.' Then I praised her heartily, and with the best conscience in the world ; for just that part with the long C at the close she had done so well, taking it and three notes next to it all in the some breath as one seldom hears it done, and there- fore it ammied me doubly that she herself shoul.i hayç begun about it."

Position for Healthy Sleep. A doctor writing in a medical paper says, "An im- mense number of people sleep on the left side, and this is the most common cause of the unpleasant taste in the mouth in the morning which is generally attributed to dyspepsia. If a meal has been taken within two or three hours of going to bed, to sleep on the left side is to give I the stomach a task which is difficult in the extreme to I perform. The student of anatomy knows that all food leaves the stomach on the right side, and hence sleeping cn the left side soon after eating involves a sort of pump- ing operation which is anything but conducive to sound repose. The action of the heart is also interfered with considerably, and the lungs are unduly compressed. It lis probable that lying on the back is the most natural position, but few men can rest easily so, and hence it is best to cultivate the habit of sleeping on the right side."

-- Our Eyesight. It is stated that near sight is more frequent in cities than in the country ; for in the city it is not possible to use the eye for far distances, and it is therefore insuffi- ciently exercised. Sailors, who are always observing distant objects, are rarely, if ever, short-sighted. A had light is a proved and frequent cause of near sight. Our rooms should be well lighted, but the light should not dazzle the eyes. When we read,it is best for the light to fall over the left shoulder ; it is injurious to come from the front. It should be steady, and any flickering, such as is usually seen in candle flames, end occasionally in bad gas burners, is very trying. A but position of the body while reading favours the development of near sight. The page ought to be nearly perpendicular to the line of sight,and should be held about 15in, from the eye ; the body should be kept as upright as possible while reading or writing, and not—as is often the case— held down over the page. Lying down while reading is injurious. Reading in bed by the light of a candle is , especially to be condemned. Another cause of near sight is the persistent disregard of hygienic require- ments—studs ing in ill-ventilated rooms, in overheated or cold rooms, want of outdoor exercise. Closely as- sociated with the last mentioned cause is ill-health of every kind, more especially gastric derangements. Lastly, over-fatigue of the eyes, reading very fine print, sewing by twilight, or using the eyes when they are aching from gazing at fire light or snow, may also induce short sight.

T E A fi ,

a Pr • '7.... , \ At"' •

, , 1 .; f i I ! .1 I : - • a . . / ' i \ • 1 ' 1 ' ' '\ \ .

4,,, . s. ‘,.. ti,/,- ~ 4,,,. te -,,:d, . / ..:. .:, .. ~. ~,,,,....,,.. \ „0, • . t.„ • ..... „. 4 4,..., ....., • ,• .. . , , .. . 4,,,,.. • ,•„,,,„. ~. ,:., t„•,,.,„....„. . ,--7,0 ) /A (J : I \:, 1 ' go

riatjo Jones ~C°:,4 tijea ~ -,#,14. -,:•,..,,,, 1 \ V 14'-.tocc, '9 •w\ ...,, •., , c-.. 4 r 4" 1• 61Thlo. t Y• 1 • ,1 . a.; i , ;•.::!,....5:.1; ' . v .:::: ". .. tbc Qu 4 ality ~..,:c TE'''''. 16 unriv‘a.t.. 1.4

===== 0002601_18930916_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR SPECIAL BLENDS

AT 1/7 AND 2/- PER LB.

Delivered Free by our own Vans in Warrington.

Widnes, Leigh, Atherton. Tyldealey, and

Districts.

Write for Samples and particulars to

THOMAS JONES AND

LIMITED.

9,) PARKER STREET,

LIVBRPOOL.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
DARK WOOD.

A TALK Ole I.ON EN1001.1..

BY MllB. 11 A Rill KT Author e "Tier. IN;uble Life," " Old We'll Shadowo;" " Lady Kildare," etc.

CHarrEn EXPLA:NATIONS. It will be remembered that Lord Darkwood Eau Visited Shrewsbury upon, that same evening, in the hope of hearing something definite in regard to the *hereabouts of the' missing Gweadeline. , i He returned home after-eleven o'clock, having been disappointed in his expOtita.tions: He entered ! bis libary, flung- himself in a chair, and rang his bell, summeniug. his Maltese valet to his presence. Pietro came in, sleek and smooth and impassive as ever.: ' The marquis regarded .him moodily, with dawn- ing distrust of him. • . " See here, Pietro," he said, suddenly. • " I have been searching everywhere: for Miss Myner—my daughter's commmidn, you kn-sw. 1 have agents to look high ass.d low Tor her. ! went ti ShreivSlniry to-night, expecting news of her, but found tone. She's either dead or in some safe rtdege, where .no one is likely to find her. I ani determined. to find that girl," • . The Maltese bowed, but the auspieiOus'eyes of Isis master were not able to detect any change in his. .expression:' • ' , '"You see, Pietro,'t •continned Lord Darkwood, wa,tching him festively, " J liked :the girt from the first. I shall marry Miss NOrreys, bat I must find this girl. The agents I have employed hay not half your astuteness. Suppose you take up the &larch. Find this girl for use, Retro, and 1 will give you ten thousand /mends !" He spoke slowly and impressively, watching the valet like a lynx. . ;Pietro's features quivered for an instant. That's a large sum of money for the finding of a poor governess," said the man. "A large sum ; but I will double it ! Find this girl, and put her in my keeping, Pietro, and. I.will give you twenty thousand pounds, !" . :The Maltese drew his breath more quickly. The reward tempted him sorely. .His captive had,hald out most : unexpectedly, and with the utmost bravery, against starvation, solitude, darkness, and terrors innumerable. He had not Seen her for two ifights, and he hoped that when lie should visit her again, she would consent to marry him. Bat what if she should still refuse? What if she should really die rather than to accept freedom as his wife? Why, then he should lose her, the fortune he had . expected to OM' through her, and this sum Which Lord Darkwood offered him for her discovery. Would it not be wise to accept the sum now offered, him and give up the girl to her enemy ? Lord Darkwood noted his hesitation and-caught , ab it wills eagernesi. His lordship began to believe ! that the valet might know some:hing after all of Gwendoline. "Think what you can do with twenty thousand :pounds, Pietro he said, insinuatingly. "You can buy an estate. You can set up as a gentleman. You can have a valet of yoer own." "Let me consider your proposition till morning, Signor," interrup!ed pietro. "I will decide to-night what I will do. 'lll conclude to take up this search and earn the stun--you-offer me,- I will tell you in the morning." . •• , :Why net decide to-night ?" "I have no time. I have work to do. I must carry out the remains of the loose dirt on the grave below, so that no trace of your crime will remain. I wished to finial' the job to-night in order that I may receive frees you the reward you offered Inc for it. I should like the money in the morning." , The marquis nodded assent. . "I don't know how long I shall sit up, Pietro," he said. "You may as well be about your work. Jenks can attend to me in my room. And, Pietro, you had better take up my offer. Somehow, I have conviption that if you take hold of this search you will find the girl.' ' "I am generally: successful in what I undertake. We'll see, signor. I'll give you an answer in the morning." Ho retired from the room. "That rascal will bear watching,!" the marquis muttered. "If he had suspected her identity he might have been, the cause of her disappeatanee. But there was her letter 1 She went off of her own accord—the letter proves that. Yet he may have some suspicion of her refuge. I'll urge him anew in the morning. And I'll watch him! 'Curse him 1 rzu uneasy !" And the more he thought the more uneasy ho

grew. Pietro glided along the hall, and as he aseenile the stairs the butler extinguished the light in the state apartments, and made rmldy for the adven- ture be had in bawl. lie had found opportunity during the evening to secure the keys ot the ruins, and these were now upon his person. He bad secured all the doors, and it was now close upon twelve o'clock. His duties were ended until the morrow. As Pietro went up to his room, the butler, Morris, let himself out into the grounds by a private door, which he locked behind him. He knew that Mr. Sutton had gone out an hour before, and was wan- dering about the g,ounds. He kept in the shadow of the trees, and passed around lo the vicinity of the ruins. At the little door set deep in the stone wall, he found a little group awaiting him—Miss Norreys, Lord Chilton, Mr. Sutton, Mr. Barsby, and the Hindoo, Aga. Mr. Barsby had brought a couple of lanterns, and the butler was similarly provided. The lanterns were distributed, and Morris unlocked the door, and they crept softly into the ruins. "I know the way, said Morris, "every step of it. Follow me 1" He led them through passages and rooms to the staircase that led below, unlocking such doors as were locked. They descended the stair and stood in the grim stone corridor below. It was frightfully dark, and the light of the lan- tern seemed to render the surrounding darkness more dense by contrast. "I feel like a burglar," said Mr. Barsby, ner- vously. "I hope that we are not getting ourselves into some scrape. I presume Lord Darkwood could send us to prison for this midnight entrance into his premises. "I will take all the risk," said Miss Norreys. " Come I Let us hasten towards the farthest dun- geous 1"

CHArnm Lxim

Miss Norreys led the way in her eagerness. They traversed passage after passage, guided by Morris, whose remembrance of these subterranean corridors were not so vivid as he had declared. They made one or two wrong turnings, and Morris at last confessed that he was not quite sure which passage next to take. They paused in dismay. "Hark !" whispered Miss, Norreyis, suddenly, growing white as death. Hide the lights I Quick I" They obeyed her on the instant. The next moment they beheld, turning into the same corridor in which they found themselves, a man bearing a lantern and a basket. This was Pietro! *They, crouched against the wall, silent as the grave, until he was far in advance of them. Mute as the dead, but with hearts beating like drums, they crept after him. He turned into another passage—they also turned at the same point, a little later. It was well that they had been cautious, for Pietro had paused only a few feet distant, and was unlocking a door. He opened it; took a jug of water and a loaf of bread from his basket, and carried them into the cell. The faces of those who followed him flamed at the sight. They crept closer—to the very door and peered in! Ah, what was that they saw? A grim and horrible cell—Pietro standing with demon-like exultation on his visage the lantern held above his head—and, crouching in an arm- chair, a slight and wasted figure in deep shadow. They held their breaths. The little figure in the , chair rose up and crept into the light. Wan and ! The next morning the joy bells of Dunholm rang woeful, with bronze gold hair overhanging a piteous for hours a merry peal of welcome and thanksgiving. face, thin, worn to a shadow, yet beautiful still as The body of Captain Tollish was removed to the an angel—it was Gwen. They stood in a very village inn, and the retainers and dependents of trance of bewilderment, the marquis held high holiday in the castle "I have come for your final answer to-night, ' grounds. Miss Winter," said Pietro, in his silky voice, "Will It was not till afternoon that Lord Darkwood you marry me f Pause and think before you an- was able to visit Beechmont and thank Miss Nor- swer. If you agree to marry me I will release you reys for her unaccountable interest in his fate, to-night. If you refuse, I will sell you to your which had led to his discovery and restoration to deadly enemy, and you will die to-morrow, i freedom and his rights. The girl's wan face flushed with her undying ! He drove over in a barouche, attended by Gwen, courage and spirit. ' Lord Chilton, and Mr. Sutton. "I am not afraid to die," she said. "Le me die 1 They e ushered into the great drawing-room. Dog ! Coward ! I tell you again that I would rather After a were ( little delay, 1,%-iiich implied hesitation, Miss die then accept life upon your torms• I—" ' • ,• Norreys surnptiloosly attired, entered the room. The sound of her voice had broken the trance that ladd Lord Claton sileut... With al yell that ' Gwen flew to her arias.

Lord .Darkwood stood up and 'stared at her with singular agitation. His hair and beard had been trimmed since she had seen him, apd he looked handsome and noble, and years younger than in the morning. "Madam," he said, "I am come to offer you my thanlcs." "No thanks are needed," said the heiress, coldly. "My lord, I have but carried to, its fulfilment a vow I made years ago to be revenged upon two scoundrels. One lies dead in Dunholm ; the other is here I" . "Madam—" "Let me tell you the story," said the lady rapidly, not noticing that the door had opened and a stranger—grim Old squire Markham—stood upon the threaliold, surveying the scene, and regarding her with dilating eyes. "Eighteen years ago' you and your cousin were introduced to an English girl, in the house of an English friend in Germany. You both professed to love her. She refused Captain Tollish. She accepted you, my lord. She was a wayward ,girl—the spoiled darling of a father's heart. You professed fear of your stern -. old father, you persuaded the girl to marry you, and secretly. Is not this so ?" "It is; but— ", "The girl loved you. ..She knew that her doting old father had a weakness for titles and rank. She believed that he would be pleated with her mar- riage, when it should be declared. She thought of him—yes,. even in her passion and wilfulness, she thought of him I" cried Miss Norreys, vehemently. "And she did not mean to wound him. She con- sented to the marriage. You, my lord, made Captain Tollish your confidant, not knowing that. he had been the lover of this girl, and you solicited his services in bringing about the marriage. You commissioned hint to procure an English minister and a licence. He did both. One evening, when the family had gong out, and the girl was left alone in her friends' house, you came with the minister, your cousin, and the licence, and you and she were married." "Madam !" cried his lordship, in a voice of agony. She continued, not heeding him— 'After the marriage, you persuaded her to go, away with you. You took her to Italy, and stayed there with her for months. She grieved to see her ' father. Conscience stung her cruelly. She cried for her dear father-, who must believe ill things of her. And at last, my lord, her tears and entreaties induced you to conse,nt to see your father and acknowledge your marriage to the world. You brought your young wife to England. You estab- lished her in lodgings at the West-end. You were known as Mr. afid Mrs.. Charteris. Weeks and months passed. Your wife pined to see her dear old father's face. Often her pillow -was wet with her tears. You had been married nearly a year when the end came." Lord Darkwood uttered an imploring cry. She still paid no heed to him, saying rapidly— " You went out one day to see your father and Implore his forgiveness and his recognition of your wife. In your absence a carriage drove up to the door, and two gentlemen alighted. One of these was Captain Tollish. The other was a grey-haired, aristocratic man, your father. They asked for Mrs. Charteris, and were shown up to her room. Then Lord Darkwood introduced himself, and said that be had come to put an end to his son's dis- reputable connection with a shameless woman. Your wife cried out that she was married, and your father sneered at her. 'Do the heirs of s. marquis wed with the daughters of Yorkshire squires?" he asked... In an agony she showed her marriage certificate. "'What of that?' cried Captain Tollish, with the sneer of a demon. 'lt was I who procured. the licence and the minister. You remember, madam, that.' proffered you an honourable mar- riage, but you rejected me. I vowed to be revenged upon you. Well, I have had my revenge.'" The girl turned sick and giddy. What could he mean I And then he told her that he had never intended that she should become the wife of his cousin, and that the minister he had procured was no minister, but an actor of low character who had been hired for the purpose." "The girl refused to believe it. She raved like a mad creature. Was it for this she had given up her dear old father? She dared Captain Tollish to the proof. He showed her a letter from the actor , who had performed the mock ceremony. He gays he further proofs. The old marquis joined in, and told her that she was no wile, that she was a lost creature, and that her husband had learned the truth and deserted her. Her husband—for was he not that in the sight of heaven? --had tired of his lower-born young wife.. and had taken advantage of the flaw IA thiii'Marrialie; and yielded to his father's persuasions and given her up. "They proved it to her. And then I think she went mad! She plucked the wedding-ring from her finger and flung it into the old lord's face I She seized a bonnet and shawl from a sofa, ttirew them upon her, and dashed from the house! And Nitain Tollish's sneering laugh rang out after her she flew in frenzy out into the street:

gon Car'

"I cannot tell you all that happened next," said Miss Norreys, wearily. "The girl was mad. Her lover had been false to her. He had given her up, when every principle of honour and decency would have compelled him to offer an immediate marriage. Ho had abandoned her! Her brain was on fire! Her one thought was now of her dear old father, of her home, of her old chamber, with its outlook on the moors. To see her father's face again—and die ! That was her prayer. "She wandered through country roads and lanes, thinking always of her father. Sometimes she got a ride with some good farmer. No one ever insulted her. Her madness protected her ! On—on—to the northward I Always with the thought of her father in her heart, the dear old father, who, if all the world should forsake her, would still cling to lier, still love her I" Squire Markham, just within the door, gave a frenzied groan. No one heeded him. Every eye was fixed upon that pale olive face, lit up by glow- ing orbs like suns. "Did the girl reach her home ?" said Miss Nor- ' reys, slowly, falteringly. "There was a storm—a waste like her native moors—the old house! was perhaps like a dream. The father met her .at the door with a curse. But her old nurse received her and cared for her. Under the roof beneath which she had woke to life her child was born. Then came the agony, the shame, and, mingled with it, the lingering madness. She felt no love for the child of the man who had abandoned her. But she felt sorry for it. She was hopeless utterly hopeless. Why had she not died? But strength came back to her body, and she mast live. 0 There was no escape for her—none "One night she heard the old nurse pleading with her father to forgive her. And he cursed her He cursed his only child, and said she must begone I from his house. She was left alone. Her madness came upon her more fiercely. She stole out into the night, the storm, the darkness. She wandered , on the moor—she staggered—she fell And so she died! Mv lord, you were freed from her. On the wild Yo 'hire waste, the girl you fancied for twelvemonth was your wife, and whom you dis- carded, died. I swore when I heard the terrible story to avenge her. Have I not done it? Captain Tollish is stripped of his possessions, and 'heaven i has punished him with death. Have I not revenge& that girl upon you, my lord? I have given you back your freedom, your title, wealth, home.-- everything. I have heaped coals of fire upon your , head! My task is done! I leave Beechm Ant this very night. Go home, my lord, and think of the girl you destroyed—and who is dead." She moved toward the door. Lord Darkwood, with ashen face and wild eye!, - : ran after her. She halted. Then, opening wiue his arms, he called to her in a voice of agony— Listen to me !" , She shook her head, and essayed to move on. "Listen to my defence !" She looked at him with eyes of fire—black now; ! with a strange red gleam in them, and he retreatett •I a step, and cried again, in a voice strained with anguish, wild with incredulity— ' " Clare ! "

(To be continued.)

I

----- On the body of a notorimus brigand recently killed in Turkey was found £4,000, and a note-book which showed he had murdered 192 men. % • ' d.e ItY It s'o' ,;;, ' ,s' , v ~...,....xethilsyiottifieg , GIVE EASE & COMFORT DURING TEETHING- . Pleasant, Cooling Aperient for Children of all Agee. Try them and prove their va/ue for yourselves. l' Sold everywhere in packets, Is. lid. and 28.9 d., or I 14 or 34 stamps. - J. PRITCHARD. CHEMIST. CHEADLE. MANCHESTER (lateChorlton Road).

===== 0002601_18930916_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
rang through those dungeons like a wild alarm, he dashed into the cell, knocked Pietro over as if he had been a wooden image, and gathered Gwen up into his arils in an agony of tenderness and yearn- ing. • Pietro picked himself up in a panic, and dashed out at The door, to find himself a prisoner in the bands of Mr. Sutton and the Hindoo. He glared at them like a maniac, _ _

MisiNorreys rushed into the dungeon and with a look that compelled Lord Chilton's obedience, so wild was it with imploring, took Gwen from his arms. She, kissed' he sweet face, now rigid in a swoon, chafed the hands, and called upon the girl to awaken in tones piteous enough to call back the dead. •

When Gwen returned to cOnsciousness, it was to find her laver and Miss Norreys bending over her, both.tender and full of passionate love. She gave a hand to each and shuddered as she glanced ,around her with a look of terror.

"You are safe, darling," said the viscount. "Oh, heaven, what you must have suffered !" "You are safe now, darling," repeated ' Miss Norreys. "I San ready to die now. But, no, we have more to do still." _

_ "There is another prisoner,' said Gwen, feebly. ," In a lower dungeon. Pietro has the key. There it is attached to the key in the lock." Miss Norreys sprang forward and snatched the keys. "Let us lose no time," she cried. "Bring Gwen and come."

Mr. Sutton and, Mr. Bursby had expressed their horror of Gwen's imprisonment, and had shaken hands with her in token of their delight at lier rescue. Then Lord Chilton:took his betrothed in his arms—ah, how light she was—as if he meant never to let her go again. Mr. Barsby and the Hindoo marched Pietro between them, and Miss Norreys ran on in advance side by side by the now half-frenzied. Morris. . .

They descended some steps and paused at a locked door. They opened it, and out sprang a mail wild of eye and aspect, with long, fair beard flowing on his breast, and long hair clrcoping on his shoulders—a man whose ghastly pallor told of long imprisonment. • But, despite his pallor and wildness, his stately. carriage remained, lie was noble in his appearance, with a grand and halighty head, and solitude; and darkness, and all•the horrors of his long imprison- ment had not cowed his spirit. "At last !" he said, slowly. "At last !" and now his voice took an exultant tone. "At last 1 I thank Thee, oh God."

CHAPTER LXVII.

FURTHER -E±PLANATIONS.

That was a tragic scene in the lonely dungeon— the rescued captive with eyes upraised to heaven, the lantern light falling upon his working features —the group around him overcome with joy, sur- prise—a hundred emotions all too great for utter- ance—Pietro writhing in the torture of baffled 'villainy, and the shadows and the black walls shut- ting them all in, like the frame to a picture. Miss Norrey's retreated unseen to the rear of the group. The butler, Morris, fell on his knees, sobbing "Lord Darkwood ! My dear, dear master !" he cried. "Oh, my dear lord, we all believed you dead ! -Oh, this is a happy day for Dunholm ? Welcome, we come, dear master f ' ale kissed the hand of the marquis, who trembled

like a leaf. "Lord Darkwood r cried Mr. Sutton, bounding forward. "Oh, mr dear lord--" Words failed him. Like Morris, he sobbed aloud. And Lord Darkwood stooped and folded his arms around him in an answering emotion, and a gladness that could find vent only in tears. Presently the marquis • recovered himself. He raised his head, and his gaze fell upon the writhing Pietro. "Where is his master ?" he asked.

- "Captain Tollish is in the library, my lord," claimed the butler. "I know a speedy route to the library. Come with me, all of you. Let us find the villain before he takes the alarm. But wait l I have a fellow prisoner— —" "Here she is, my lord," said the viscount. "We have just rescued her . The marquis drew near, and gazed upon the piteous little face, so tender and lovely in its pallor, and his countenance kindled with emotion. "We have been fellow sufferers young lady," he said gently. "Let us thank heaven who has delivered us, and these dear friends who have been sent to our-relief I—Bu4-oese.---,Let US find Captain Tollish I" They retraced theft.' steps to the upper portion of the . ruins, and the marquis conducted them along a passage, pausing at last before what seemed a blank wall? - He felt tremulously about its sur- face, and a spring clicked suddenly, and a door new inward, and the group stood in an aperture in the walls of the library. The room was lighted. Captain Tollish sat there with bowed head. He had not heard the secret door open, but now, as though some subtle instinct warned him of alien presence, he looked up and

beheld his rival. He glared at him as if slowly turning to stone, unable to credit the evidence of his senses.

Lord Darkwood stepped out, into the library.

Captain Tollish gave a great gasp, and pit his , hand to his forehead. "Fabian Tollisb," said the marquis sternly, "your day is over! I have suffered a long imprison- ment at your hands, but lam at last free! And new comes the hour of my vengeance !" Captain Tollish rose up, his fat face growing purple, his eyes protruding, his mouth moving in- audibly. Then he reeled and fell forward, stricken with a fatal apoplexy. Pietro gave one look at his master, and then wrenching himself from the bands that held him, he bounded to Captain Tollish's side and seized a pistol from the inner pocket of his master's coat. "He is dead !" said the Maltese. "The shock of finding Lord Daikwood alive has killed him He believed the marquis dead and buried. We carried his lordship below after the capitano sup- posed he le ' killed him and my master left me to bury him. it his lordship revived, and I thought to keep him captive and sell the secret some day to my master. My chance is gone. My game is up. , I have lost the marquis, the girl, and all. Yet one thing remains. My lord, will you give me free- dom—let me go unharmed—if I will give you Clare Mo.rkbam's child?" " What 1" cried the marquis, " the child is dead. Dog--" "Stay !" said Pietro. "Refuse, anal shall kill myself with thi,s pistol, and so balk you of any vengeance upon me. Promise, and I will give you Clare Markham's child !" "If the child lives, I promise." " The mother is dead," said Pietro. "But there is her child," and he pointed at Gwen. "Her child and yours, my lord I Miss Winter, I told you that I could restore you to your heritage. You are the Lady Gwendoline Charteris, the lawful daugh- ter and heiress of Lord Darkwood I" There was no lying in the voice and manner of the Maltese. The marquis turned to the girl, took her face between his bands, and kissed her solemnly, with a tenderness that went to her soul. "It was because she was your child that I pre- sented her," said the valet. "I meant to marry her and present her claims as your heiress and be- come master of Dunholm Castle. It was a lofty ambition, but it o'er-leaped itself ! Prove what I ; have said, my lord : find it truth. This girl is your own daughter I" "We will investigate Pietro's statement, my lord," cried Mr. Sutton.. "Pray heaven it may be proved true. We owe our present happiness to idiss Norreys. It is to her, my lord, you owe your rescue. Let me present you—" He looked around, but Miss Norreys had dis- appeared. When she had gone no one noticed. She had slipped out some minutes before with he faithful Aga, and was at that moment in the wag- gonette, speeding toward Beeehniont. Mr. Barsby hastened after her. The others remained at Dunholm Castle until morning. Gwen told the story of her life, and little doubt was entertained of the truth of Pietro's story.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
MRS. erRUNDY AGAIN.

IV:ill'ac,tB"—exolaiins Mrs. Grundy, "let us have facts:" • Grundys, hut must thoughtful people rightly Ignore frothy senthnent, and aspire to a worship of facts." or the realities of life. T. these the following have Will be interesting as it proves that most clouds do ..‘..!%ve a silver lining. Mr. Thomas McNiff, George-st., al.!tso, son of Thomas McNiff. Esq., Secretary of the Sligo Steam NaVteatinn Co., June Bth. 1893, writes : , In the sluing of 1891 I contracted inflammation of the indneYs, and immediately consulted one of the best r .esident physicians, who assured me that in five weeks would have me all right. Five weeks deve- loped into months without the slightest signs of hn- Provement. A Dublin specialist pronounced my case as hopeless, d I rapidly grew worse, wasting too skeleton. except fwro'lell puffed with dropsical swelling, which extended r11,5' ankles and feet to my stomach, sides and back, death 'With a dull heavy pain in the kidneys and side. My the was daily expected. As a last resort,lcommenced , e use of Warner's Safe Cure. From the commencement 4eseperienced relief ; my stomach was capable, for the t tllne for months, of retaining food •, the Various 81)32-nptorns which characterise this dreadful disease, one oe, gradually subsided, and now, although two doetts Sinee my case was pronounced hopeless by bealtlrs'my seven cure is complete, and I enjoy first-class This wonderful result is solely attributable to Warner's ,e. e Cure, and the incessant care and prayers of many mends.

. CHURCH AFFAIRS AT ORFO RD, WA RRINGTON. ' THE CHAPLAIN AND MR. BEAMONTS TRUSTEES. Per, w various reasons the trustees of the late Mr Beano nt have thought it desirable to make con- erable alteration in the arrangements connected th Orford Church under their control. In con- of this the Rev. Isaac Phillips, M.A., has -chceived notice determining bis engagement as AirtilMain there. At the service on Sunday night hacj gave particulars of the negotiations which tolae on betwten himself and the trustees. He ex- named that after his declining to be licensed as a cur- TM (Mr 'pit at Orford, the Bishop suggested that he should license . Phillips) as chaplain, and he entered on his cluties as h such in May, 1884, his sole responsibility being tht tiol the n e e,, Shop. There were only three offertories from —ngregation, two for extra-parochial work, and the .ntlutd '"'as given on school sermons. There was no dee provision for the expenses connected with Divine —rv'ea, and these had to be defrayed from the school setla offertories, with the result that the day school uctollets were crippled. Under these circumstances,' tlirtirP,hillips Said, he had felt it most derirable that a I ell en fund should be set on foot, and this had been ""sfullY accomplished with Mr. Beamont's hearty Isa Peration. In September last he (Mr. Phillips) said was very much astonished and disturbed to receive trustees of Mr. Beamont a communication stet- ZE.that they had determined, looking forward to events ;Zeb must happen, to apply the income partly for the no,,lnten.,loce of the Divine services for which there was prtrivision, and partly in payment of a curate to be renlidad by the vicar of Padgate, and that this would 012,ter it necessary for them to determine their engage- with it. This was after forty years' virtual separa- ,,9o from Pad.ate. He was further hurt and surprised t,siteartr,the trustees contemplated a seriotes reduction of the eth eYrnan's insome to meet church expenses. On the •et ,er band, he knew that something must be done sooner tr tater to put the church matters on a proper footing. e found that it had evidently been a personal disappoint- `e.tlt to Mr. Beamont that the church should have been vullt „at Padgate in 1837, and not at Orford, as was 4 Ite-ed when the money was collected. It was this when the that led Mr. Beamcnt to grant a stipend te ISB2, when he permanently endowed Orford, Iwith consent of the then vicar of Padgate, Mr. tian,:d"elwarritnBe• The present annual value of the Orford nt was £183; his successor was toreceive £l5O. ipti:(Mr. Phillips) was intimately acquainted with the. shioners' strong desire for a little church ot their he had had a long interview with Mr. Davies, rfl'a! Qf the trustees to whom he offered to set about waisticing tilemoney: He regretted to say that he after- st s received a communication stating that, notwitii- ptar,lldilig his representations, the trustees ad hereti to their lie?"al to put the church under Padgate. Mr. ont's death, had proved, as he had fully anticipated ajterY serious loQs to him. In conclusion, Mr. Phillips to altheodustheareri3 to submit to the new order of things, Yet te was not without hope that 'a church might be built at Orford.—A considerable number of the e°l:lgregation were affected during their chaplain's ::retinlarks, and several of them were in tears as they left a schoolroom in which the service was held. Orford is within the parish of Padgate, and come- the congregation there held the anomalous ,p?s.ition of being independent of the church of the parish. 4,3'!1,s anomaly was the more marked as the services at were Low Church and those at Padgate were n a harmony with High Church procedure. Asked Lia interview last night if the Vicar of Padgate, who cad been appointed t Padgate some years after Mr. Phillips had been appointed to Orford, had taken any Part thearran,erments which had culminated in his da is sal, , the Rev. Mr. Phillips replied that he ceuld not authoritatively, neither did he know whether the Bishop had interested himself or taken any steps in the Matter. He knew that the people at Orford were Stronmly desirous of having a small church of their own. ;11:he n he came amengst them work was all scattered, but new whoever succeeded him would find the means conducting the work in good order and at hand. _lor hlere seemed to be some doubt as to whether the new- other would be a curate-in-charge'of Orford, or merely tisT_l!'ate of the Vicar of Padgate. Asked if he did not ~;eak he had been harshly dealt with by the trustees, ng at the same time that no one liked to be Phillips said he reserved his own opinion as to that, telnarki ~'W_ithnut a situation. He did not desire to go into further *Zi_r.tleulars than he did at Sunday evening's service, as '"ltters would probably develop of themselves.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
'RUNCORN BURIAL BOARD.

pia" tionthly meeting was held at the Cemetery "on Wednesday afternoon. Mr. T. Handley Titritl.fded and there were present the Rev. Dr. Gas- Messrs.ll. Coleburn, R. Morris, W. Littler and Salkeld (sec.) The MISCELLANEOUS. he flange Committee recommended that accounts 5 1,- amounting to £3l is. 10d. and interest on loans 4d.--rassed. It was also 'decided to give notice to4n: overseers for the sum of £6O on sinking fund ac- the fi'3. The secretary reported that the interments for pon:;7e Months August 25th were 235, corres- last s.ann. - aebre„, Period last year, 187 ; increase 48, The fees re- . during the same period amounted to £205 63. 10d. letteYear £lB5 Is. Bd.; increase £2O 55.2 d. The following rrihwir,:tas read fri.rn Mr. E. Marshall,secretary to the Corn- Conil:e" lam directed by my Pleasure Grounds to ill, Ittee to ask if the Burial Board can see its way a T.tt the field adjoining the Cemetery to be used as taittion Ground and on what terms. My Corn- eel sure that your Board will recognise the need Youtilis for the provision of a recreation ground for the thu 3 nf the town in a suitable position, and they trust this zTol.! will co-operate with them in the attainment of hal e.itrable object. The secretary said Mr. Savage expira fiv years lease in the field which would not e until the 2nd of A igust next year. He paid £l3 Yearr,rkanniiin. Besides, within the next two or three Rdel to`ue Board would want a portion of the field to tabt Cemetery. He did not know whether it add was iti eto have a playground so near the cemetery. An the eZaal Person would also be required to look after Ilireee,terY.—The Chairman said if a person were re- twoUld Co look after the ground the Commissioners " gade -; --)a to provide a man. They would also have o ~ l VoletbanFY the Hoard from suffering any nuisance. r. "rn annsidered that the surroundings of the ceme- per,:tleht to be preserved from any disturbance. All ‘19411118 „would have excess to the ground, and probably be er a inneral of importance took place the railswotuh de ~.hilatl,Tbed and unseemly scenes would occur which .thech.esB, of the deceased would not wish to witness.— L'et7 'Mau pointed out that funerals mostly took place ttlbit'vntwo and four o'clock, and games might be pro- during those hours. There was no doubt that i Zge ,;,.-"oti ground was much needed n the town, and Lpu;r,-'°us objection to this field being utilised for such was that it would be required for cemetery bati;'orl in two or three years.—Mr.Littler said if they d tle4l3' St; the Commissioners the use of the field, it would atisst.--ve off the question for a short time, and the tni would have to be faced again.—Mr. Coleb uHrn He ere were other suitable fields in the town. tiotO that the secretary reply that the Board would Ivoill11;! Possession of the field for 12 months, that i 1 rao "e Probably required for cemetery extension n tore.— three 7 and that the Board did not, there- ittOunrink it advisable to let the field for a pleasure tarritlT-Mr. Morris seconded the motion, which was

- -Urlt's

COCO A. has in a ren.arkable degree. those :ternents of sustenance which give the system endur- i hardihood, 'with a steady action that renders t a '''ePtablA and reliable beverage."—Health. T At, tihnir, ,1 aßricut,ffal,four is acquiring fame in Scotland . an whirl, he as a breeder of Leicester Itlagnpi'ner3efrit he. possesses at Whittinghame a P1..1r, th es NOTTCII.—Not one hut HUNDREDS of people of es With wrecked and debilitated constitutions are 'Y Ilk, reiltOred to 1 d robust health again by Messrs. to 1118,„ 9(11111( en `4' "•3 and 4, Farallon Square, Sheffield. Write to teem ..tripeti.7-efree when suffering from weakness, loss of flesh, '404, "r• disturbed rest, pimples, blotches, indiges: t 4, Pallid ale %e,,re in. nervousness, and general debility. Posii- Tonal:lel! Blood and Skin Diseases,eacquired s (oarscoabnosytel)- Zzte.%'eriv3Oieyne:artrysin.YeeTa,l7i.leflp )eirixteniexot.ureo,n, 4, s. d9di the ease. The four stamps. ,Sufferers disap I WWI Electric neltes'should write to us at once—Ado

===== 0002601_18930916_art0014.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
0

===== 0002601_18930916_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
AN IRISH MIRACLE.

INVESTIGATION BY A REPORTER.

From the "Tyrone Constitution," Aug. 25, 1893. Reports having constantly reached us of miraculous cures by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People—in many cases where the resources of the pharmacopceia and the orthodox prescriptions of the medical profession failed to bring relief to the sufferers—it was determined to investigate the first case conveniently near which we heard of. An opportunity presented itself last week which was taken advantage of. A workingman named Elliott, living in Colebrook, County Fermanagh, wrote stating that he bad been restored to health by the Dr. Williams' Pink Pills after having taken a largo quantity of medicine prescribed by' various members of the medical profession without the slightest benefit. An Interview took place on Tuesday last. Colebrook, where Elliott resided, is a wayside station on the Clogher Valley Tramway, and one of the pretti- est spots we have ever visited. But our mission this morning was to investigate a case in which it was asserted that a nineteenth century miracle had occurred. At the outset it is but fair to admit that we entered upon the investigation with but little belief. On arrival at the station we were informed that Elliott was at his work, but had left instructions that be was to be sent for on our arrival. He proved to be a youngish man, some- what below the middle height, spare and sinewy. At a glance we saw that he had met with an accident earlier in life which disfigured his face, and also that his right eye was obscured by cataract. In answer tea query he said it was his belief that his illness and suffering had their origin in the accident referred to, 'and he was requested to commence the narrative at this point. The following is a summary of his story, embodying all the facts About five years ago a horse lashed out and struck him on the face. pis nose was split and flattened and his jaw broken. His injuries were so serious that the doctor called in to attend him advised his removal to the Enniskillen Infirmary, where he lay for nearly two months. Shortly after his admission he recognised that he had lost the sight of his right eye. The shock and injuries combined broke down his constitution, and a permanent weakness seemed to have seized upon him. He was scarcely able to crawl about, at the end of two months.

I The poor fellow returned home weak and miserable. Time brought but little improvement. His strength seemed to have permanently deserted him. Able to crawl about., but no more—such was his condition for three years after the accident. Then a little strength returned, and with it hope. He /began to do little light work, and did not feel so utterly dependent. His full measure of strength might yet return. But about twelve months ago while at his work he was attacked by a new ailment—an excruciating pain in his side. It passed away, and he continutd work for two or three days. Another attack followed which utterly prostrated him. The doctor 'told him he was suffering from indigestion, nervousness, and palpitation of the heart. Medicine was prescribed, but without giv- ing relief. His old weakness returned, new complicated by excruciating pain intermittent in character, and changing from side to side. Prescription after prescription was tried but no improvement came. "In fact," said he" some of the medicine had the effect of making the attacks more frequent and the pain more agonising. Many and many a time so intense was my suffering that my screams could be heard ou the road" (a couple of hundred yards away). Medical skill could do no more, and the sufferer found himself doomed to a life of misery. _ . _

" Somewhat over two menths ago," said he, "I read in the papers of marvellous cures effected by Dr. Wil- liams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and although I had very little lope that they would be, useful in my case I sent for a box and tried them. When I had taken four cr five a marked improvement set in. The attacks became less frequent, and of shorter duration. The pain was not nearly so agonising. This gave me hope, but at times I dreaded that the improvement was only transitory, and that I would relapse into my ,old hope. less, miserable condition. I kept on ,taking the pills. Strength began to come, and with it a cessation both of the attacks and the pain. When I had finished the first box there was neither pain nor ache. I have now taken three boxes, and I feel better and stronger to-day than I have been for the past three years. lam still taking Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. I believe they not only culled my disease, whatever it was, but they are in some wonderful way building up my previously shattered con. stitution and giving me strength. lam very hopeful of the future. The effect of the Pills in my case was really miraculous. Ido not know how to express my gratitude—deep heartfelt gratitude." This case fully verified; as above shown by first-hand evidence, confirms the evidence which is accumulating on every hand, to show that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People are one of the greatest modern medicines—a perfect blood builder and, nerve restorer, curing such diseases as rheumatism, neuralgia, partial paralysis, locomotor ataxy, St. Vitus' dance, nervous headache nervous prostration, and the tired feeling resulting there- from, diseases depending upon humours in the blood, such as scrofula, chronic erysipelas, &c. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are not a purgative medicine. They restore pale and sallow complexions to the glow of health, and are a specific for all the troubles peculiar to the female sex, while in the case of men they effect a radical cure in all eases arising from mental worry, over-work or ex- cesses of whatever nature. ' These Palls may be obtained of all chemists, or direct by post from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, of 48, Holborn Viaduct, London, England (and of Brock- ville, Ontario, Canada, and Schenectady, New York). They are sold only in boxes bearing the iirm's trade mark and wrapper at N. 9d. a box, or six boxes for 13s. 9d. A descriptive pamphlet sent free by post on application. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People are never sold in bulk, or by the dozen or hundred and any dealer who offers substitutes in this form is trying to defraud you, and should be avoided. Ask your dealer for Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and refuse all imitations and substitutes. The price at which these pills aro sold makes a course of treatment comparatively inexpensive as compared with other remedies or medi- cal treatment.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
CHORAL COMPETITIONS IN MAN- CHESTER.

SUCCESS OF THE RUNCORN TONIC SOL-FA CHOIR.

- The second annual tonic sol-fa festival under the auspices of the Alatichester Tonic Sol-fa Council was held on Saturday, at the Botanical Gardens, Old Trafford. In the afternoon there was a choral com- petition for schools, for which nine entered. Each choir sang the part song "Thee we hail, 0 forest fair," and also. a piece of music composed as a sight test by the adjudicator, Mr. W. Decksey, music superintendent of the Bradford School Board. In the evening there was an adult choral competition. The following were the competitors :—Saiem Choral Society, Mossley Vocal Society, Bowdon Glee Society, Farnworth Choral Asso- ciatico. Runcorn Tonic Sol-fa Choir, Stretford Tonic Sol- fa Choral Society., Bredbury Choral Society, and Bolton Vocal Union. Each choir had to sing Thomas Morley's madrigal, "Fire, fire, my heart ;" a piece of its own selection, and a sight test composed for the occasion by Mr. F. Boyle. The adjudicators were Mr. W. Docksey- and Mr. R. H. Wilson, chorus director to Sir Charles Halle. The competition took place in the coneert room and was followed with close interest by an audience which crowded the hall. The first prize was awarded to the Bredbury Choral Society (conductor. Mr.J. Brierley) the second prize to the Runcorn Tonic Sol-fa Choir (con- ductor, Mr. J. Holford), and the third to the Messley Vocal Society (conductor, Mr. John Shaw). • The prizes were distributed by the Lord Mayor of Manchester (Mr. Alderman Marshall), who, in present- ing the medal to Mr. J. Holford, of Runcorn, said it afforded him great pleasure to do so, especially as this was the first time his choir had entered for competition. (Applause.) He hoped it would encourage them to pur- sue their work with renewed zeal and energy. The suc- cess of the Runcorn Choir gave great pleasure to the members and their numerous friends and supporters. When it is taken into consideration that the Runcorn Tonic Sol-fa Choir had only a month for preparation,and that they were new to the isiork of competitions, it must be freely admitted that they have done remark- ably well, especially when it is considered that of the otherieven choirs who had taken part in the competition, five had entered the lists on previous occasions, and of them there or four had secured awards. The medal obtained by the conductor of the Runcorn Tonic Sol-fa Choir, is of silver with gold centre, elaborately embel- lished' by the scale used in this musical method. It is exhibited in the Window of Mr. Coventry, High-st.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
111 E EXAMINER, SATURD AY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1893.

out of a total membership of about 40,000 had ccted iii favour of the proposal. A special meeting of the Council of the Yorkshire Minors' Association was held at Barns- ley on ‘Vednesday to consider the present position or matters and to receive tlie resnit t,r the ha hot. A resolu- tion was passe ,I condemning the liCiOn ofth"se persons who had been ti ic toes is of causing riots,and counselling all members of the Association to refrain from any action which would lead to a breach of the law. Another resniution, while expressing regret at the loss of lite at Featherstone, added that in the opinion of that Council the action of the magistrates in calling in extra police and soldiers, whilst at. the same time they allowed, as was alleged, about 600 police to he ,drafted to Doncaster during the race week, was not calculated to preserve the peace. Mr. B. Pickard, M.P., was instructed to ask Lord Compton to demand a public inquiry into the action of the magistrates in calling in extra police and soldiers, as well as into the action of the military under Captain Barker at the "so-called riot at the Ackton Hall Colliery.' The number of votes recorded against any reduction was 43,141 ; in favour, 44 ; for arbitration, 81 ; against, 39,907 ; for the men being allowed to resume work at the old rate of the wages if offered to them, 16,029 ; against, 23,639. '

-D-EMONSTRATION AGAINST WORKMEN AT HAY- DOCK. _ MR. WOODS'S WARNING.

During the past fortnig,ht the chief topic of conversa- tion amongst the Haydock miners has been alleged clandestine coal-getting by " knobsticks "at Messrs. Richard Evans and Co.'s Pits. Complaints were made to Mr. S. Woods, M.P., miners agent for the district, the outcome of which was the publication of a letter last week warning the men of the consequences if they did ! not stop getting coal. This, in the opinion of the strikers I has had no effect, and on Wednesday a body a men, numbering about 100, visited the No. 3 Pewfall pit to meet the men as they left off work. The men all belonged to Haydock, a large number having been employed before the dispute at the pit in question. So quiet was the affair kept among them that the police did not get " wind" of it until after the possession bad started from the Huntsman Inn. Information was thea conveyed to the police headquarters, and twenty of the extra constables stationed at Haydock, under Inspector Pickering, went to the pit in a railway brake-van. They arrived there about ten minutes after the strikers, and their appearance packed in the van and on the engine caused a good deal of amusement. The majority of the men were armed with sticks, those who had not started with them stripping the trees along the lam to the col- liery. Although on arrival Inspector Pickering ironically remarked that the mob looked very formidable, their tone denoted that they were determined to carry out their mission. The men waited about the colliery for about an hour, during which time Mr. Fairhurst, the I certificated manager, told them that only officials were I working, and tkey only to keep the pit in order. At four o'clock seven men, presumably firemen, were wound up the pit, and the strikers asked them why , they had been working, and warned them that they would come the night following with a larger gang if they did not stop. The workers, who live in close prox- imity to the pit, were escorted home by Inspector Pick- ering and staff, Mr. Barrett, shareholder, Mr. George, secretary for the company, and Mr. Fairhurst being also present. Oc the way home the workers were hooted and Jeered at, bat no violence was used. Mr. Fairhurst sub- sequently addressing the men, said most of them knew the dangerous nature of the pit and workings, and that if men were not employed to clear the roads the pit would soon make up, and they would not be able t return to work. A number of men said the company would not want them back again so long as they could get men to keep the pits clear. If no men whatever had worked the strike would not have lasted a week. The officials then returned to the pit, and the men quietly dispersed. It was feared that a more serious disturbance would take place on Thursday night, as it was riimoured that the colliers intended asking some of their comrades at Park-lane to come over and assist them. Up to the time ot writing, however, everything was quiet, aid the police bave had no necessity to leave their quarters. The men still maintain that coal is being wound up, the Pewfall pit, and the Wood pit, but we are authorised to state that no coal whatever has been obtained from either pits since the commencement of the strike. All that is being done is to keep the pits in repair, and at the Wood pit one of the air ways is being widened, which necessi- tates the employment Of several men below ground.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COAL TRADE CRISIS.

MINERS' MEETING AT IIAYDOCK.

A meeting of miners was held in the Football Field, Heyde3k, on Friday morning; last week, for the pur- pose of considering the qu,stion as to the offer of arbitration which has been made to the men. There were about 800 present. Mr. James Bailey, a miner, occupied the chair. Mr. Edmund Walker, of Bryn, district secretary, ad- dressed the gathering. After explaining the cause of strike to the effect that it was due to a 25 per cent., re- duction in the men's wages being demanded on the ground of decrease in trade, he contended that trade had not decreased in the slightest. Taking the output of coal in 1888—and that was previous to the advance they had got—the oetput at that time was 172 million tons, and during the year 1892, nearly five years after that, the output was 190 million tons, making an In- crease of no less than 20 million tons. In the "Colliery Guardian " it was stated that the export trade for the first four months in this year was 290,000 tons more than it was for the first four months of last year. That again went to prove that there was not a depression in the trade, as the employers wished them to think. The second claim on which the employers had based their application for a reduction in the wages was because other counties had had reductions in wages, and be- cause of that it was impossible for them to sell in the same market. They gave the men to understand that Ayrshire, in Scotlana, was one of the places where a re- duction had taken place,and they said it was impossible to sell in the Scotch markets with their competitors from Scotland. They said that Ayrshire miners had been reduced 2s. Well, they found to-day that in con- sequence of the present struggle,the wages of the Ayrshire miners had gone up 2s. In his opinion the object aimed at by the masters was not so much to reduce their wages as to break down the Federation. If they accomplished that object, it would mean that the men would be prac- tically slaves in their hands, and whatever they (the men) were asked to do, no matter how low the rate of wages, they would, if they had no Federation, have to perform it. It was, however, no use of their thinking for a single moment of trying to break down the Federa- tion, for it would be a hopeless task. (Hear, hear.) There was one particular party of whom he wished to say something, and that was their own employers, Messrs. Richard Evans and Co. They were no doubt aware that there were men workingat the present time at several of the pits under this firm, and it was alleged that some of these men were engaged as day wage men. They had power to work as day wage men to keep the mines in proper order. He (Mr. Walkden) contended that any man who was down the mine, whether be be a fireman or a day wage man, if he were honest to the principles of the Federation, he ought not to be there. (Hear, hear.) Speaking honestly, be thought they would not have been out on strike but for Evans' firm and two or three more in Lancashire. He expressed himself as opposed to arbitration, and cited cases where in his opinion it had resulted unjustly. Their own firm accerd- ing to the statements that were made to him every month, men had been going away from Messrs. lEvans' not one week, but many weeks, with less than 15s. to keep a wife and children upon. Were they asking to arbitrate as to whether that 15s. should be reduced to 13? If so they might as well ask them to drown themselves, and the latter course wculd be the better of the two. (Applause.) When the next County Council election came round let them remember what had been done on the present occasion in flaydock. He was surprised that such a thing had been tolerated. Extra police had been sent into the district, not to prevent them from rioting, but to try and force them to riot. They ought to protest against it.and find out who had caused them to be sent there. When asked for their votes they ought to say toi the candidates, "No, you sent us policemen when we did not require them, and we will not send you to the County Council when we do not require you."( Laughter and applause). Mr. Walkden then put several questions to the assem- bled colliers. The first was, " Will you agree to a 25 per cent, reduction in wages, or any part thereof ?" There was a unanimous reply in the negative. He next asked for a show of hands, first from those in favour of any reduction, secondly those in favour of one per cent. reduction, and thirdly those in favour of arbitration. In each case not a single hand was raised. Upon the ques- tion being put as to who was against arbitration, a per- fect forest of ham& went up, the proposal being re- jected unanimously. The gathering also expressed themselves unanimously in favour of all the men remaining out. The meeting then dispersed. SYMPATHETIC LETTER FROM A COLLIERY PROPRIETOR. •

On Monday, s mass meeting of colliers was held on Wrexham Racecourse, for the purpose of pledging the strikers to remain united in resisting the masters' terms. Mr. loan T. Williams, the agent for North Wales, said he had a letter to read to them from an employer of labour in North Wales, and a larger employer in North Stafford- shire. As some of them knew, the Messrs. Craig had taken Brynkinallt CJllery, Chirk, and one of their sons —Mr. Ernest Craig—wrote to his father to tell him about the distress in the district, and to announce the starting of a relict fund. Mr. Craig wrote in reply as follows "Milton House, Alsager. Cheshire, Sept. 7,1893. . "My dear Ernest,—l have your letter stating that a fund for the relief of the miners' families who are on strike in the district is being got up. I am glad that this is so, for whatever happens, and whatever may be the opinion of the cause of the strike, we must help our fellow men in their distress. I have always held that the employe's made a great mistake in asking for 25 per cent. reduction. Such a demand is unprecedented in the history of the trade, and, in my opinion, most un- reasonable. On the other hand, I think the men 'would have done better not to have applied the 20th rule, re- quiring all to stop work who had not received notice, and the produce would have kept the manufacturing works on, which is most important, and they would have been ready to consume the coal when production was generally resumed. Besides, the limited output would have raised prices to a higher scale, and thus assisted the men to make good their pasition. As it is, these 'con- suming works may not start when the pits start, and these works must either continue to stop or the coal must be banked. However, this has nothing to do with providing the hungry with food. In this all can join, and I only hope that no one is so brutal as to desire the men to be beaten tiv actual starvation. I enclose you cheque for £lO from me personally, and you can join £5 from the firm if you and Samuel think proper. It is very distressing to see intelligent and reasonable men, such sal met about a fortnight ago, debarred from earn- ing their living by a state of things which would never have arisen had the proposed reduction been within the bounds of reason.—Your affectionate father. W. CRAIG." Loud applause followed the reading of the letter. The resolution was then put to the meeting, and carried un- animously. INQUEST ON TUE DEAD MINERS.

The coroner's inquiry into the cause of the death of James Arthur Duggan, one of the miners who died from a bullet wound received during the conflict at the Featherstone collieries a week ago, was resumed aod concluded at Wakefield on Wednesday. The witnesses stated that though both before and after the reading of the Riot Act ample opportunity was giveu to the mob to disperse, they remained, and even after the soldiers had fired they continued destroying property until four o'clock in the iriorninc... The jury returned a verdict of justifiable homicide." The inquiry concerning the death of James Gibbs; the other miner who was shot, was resumed at Featherstone on Wednesday; and after hearing the evidence of a number of miners, who denied that there was any rioting or stone-throwing when the soldiers fired, the jury returned an open verdict. DURHAM COAL FOR ST. HELENS GAS WORKS. The Gas Committee of the St. Helens Corporation on Wednesday decided to give a Durham firm an order for 300 tons of coal for the St. Helens Gas WDrks, the price , quoted, including carriage from Durham to St. Helens, I being lower than the price quoted by coalowners in St. Helens or Wigan.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
VIE DISTRESS AT ST. HELENS.

At the St. Helens Health Committee on Wednesday afternoon, Dr. Robertson said there was a large number of people in the town only being halt fed, and he thought that had something to do with the existence of typhoid fever. Mr. James Burchall said children were picking vegetable refuse out of bins in the market, and taking it away pra,bably for food. Alderman J. C. Gamble urged that precautions should be taken against cholera. The medical officers will report upon the existence of defec- tive ashpits. THE POSITION IN ST. HELENS. , The determined attitude of the miners to continue thr strike is looked upon with serious apprehensions by the tradespeopleand general pudic of St. Helens. Trade is I almost at a standstill, and charity, in the shape of soup kitchens and doles, is vcry general. So far as can be as- certained the masters remain unmoved, and should the Notts conference determine against arbitration or com- promise the struggle will go on indefinitely. In conso- (pence of the failure of the coal supply, Messrs. Can- nington, Shaw, and Co., of the Sherdley and Peasley Glass Bottle works, St. Helens, will on Saturday stop about 500 hands and damp down the furnaces. Mr. Joseph Devine, ex-president of the St. Helens TraJes Council. while opposed to arbitration, counsels some sort of conciliation by which masters and men may be brought together. Mr. Seton-Karr, M.P., for S. Helens, has sent two further donations of £3 each for the relief of the starving women and children in St. Helens. -

===== 0002601_18930916_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MINERS FEDERATION.

A conference of the Lancashire Miners' Federation was held in Manchester on Wednesday, at which the situa- tion was discu:ped. The proceedings were conducted in private, and the delegates allowed nothing to transpire with regard to the more important of their decisions ; but as to the recent ballot of the men it was stated that the miners in the Federation had unanimously declared against accepting a reduction of wages, and also against a reference of the dispute to arhitration. On the ques- tion of whether the miners should where possible resume work at the old rate of wages, in was said that 5,214 only

===== 0002601_18930916_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
COAL GEITING AT ST. HELENS. SINGULAR SCENES. SELF-MADE COLLIERY PROPRIETORS.

The colliers in S. Helens, in their efforts to provide for their families, have hit upen a novel expedient—viz. the opening out and selling of surface seams of coal, and in several parts of the borough some extraordinary scenes are being witnessed. A correspondent on Thursday morning visited Island's Brow, 'in Merton-road, and there found operations proceeding on a large scale. On a por- tion of the Orrell estate, owned by the Rev. Fathm. Leitrim]' a large band of men were engaged. They had sunk holes to a depth of from six to twelve feet, and then had started the " face "of the coal under the bill. Some had timber to protect them, but others had none, and work was going on under circumstances of con- siderable danger. Again, others were going straight down, and as small portions of a coal seam were exposed it was picked out and thrown to the surface. Men with harrows and women and children with buckets were carying it away, and in some cases large heaps were piled up. The work was carried On during the whole of Wednesday night, and fires were made on the hill side to assist the work. It is s•iid that some forty or fifty tons of fairly good coal have been got, and on Thursday morning coal dealers were at the place with lurries ana bags making bargains for the stacks of coal. The men realised sd. or 6d. a bag, and by this means a good re- venue was coming in. Another busy scene of activity was witnessed on land behind the Hardshaw Brook Chemical Works, belonging to the United Alkali Company. Here colliers have sunk a dozen holes to a depth varying from ten to forty feet, and are getting out coal and selling it honseholders at 9d. and ls,the barrow load. The men at each hole have a mutual understanding as to the amount of work they shall do, and as to the division of the money which is brought in. Some of the difficulties of an ordinary mine are to be seen. Water has come in some holes, and the men are getting the coal out of the water. The coal is pulled up in buckets, for the men are short of headgear and have very little timber to safeguard them in their work. On Hardshaw Fields near the Town Hall, surface coal has been found, and digging operations were going on during last Weduesday night and again on Thursday morning. It is said that coal is close to the surface near Knobstick Hall in Sutton, and that it is being utillged by crilliers and their families. The greatest good humour prevails amongst these self elected coll4;ry owners, and many jests as t. the proprietorship are heard. One man on Hardshaw Fields being asked what he was looking for, replied "25 per cent." and was told he might timid it if he went low enough. Some were mked if they had I the consent of the federation to this coal getting, and on which they intimated that they would look after them- selves in this respect. THE MINERS FEDERATION MEETING. Very great interest was taken in the proceedings of the Miners' National Federation, which met at Nottingham on Thursday. The special business of the meeting was to receive the results of the ballot taken on the three questions-1, whether a reduction of wages shall be ac- cepted ; 2, whether the dispute shall be settled by arbi- tration ; and 3, whether men who can do so shall resume work at the old rate of wages. ' Mr. B. Pickard, M.P., president of the Federati.n, occupied the chair, and though all the districts were represented there were not so many delegates present as at the last Conference. The proceedings were conducted in private, but it is un- derstood that to the first two questions the men in every district have by overwhelming majorities replied in the negative. Interest now centres in the decision on the third. On this question no discussion took place on Thursday. The Contgrence passed a resolution of sym- pathy with the relatifes of the two men who were Miot by the soldiers at Featherstone last week, and, while strongly denouncing all who take part in rioting as the worst 'enemies of the miners cause, expressed the belief that the presence of imported police and military in such large numbers was a forcible incentive to rioting and disorder, and urged the Government to withdraw at once all newly imported soldiers and police from the various counties affected.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
PECULIAR INCIDENT IN A REVISION

COURT. TWIN SISTERS IN A DILEMMA.

A somewhat singular Case came to light at the Black- burn Revision Court on Wednesday afternoon. Agnes and Martha Cottatn, twin sisters, applied for votes as joint tenants of a dwellirw-house. There had been an agreement between the party agents that one only should have a vote. The question therefore arose which was the elder. Agnes, who was in court, confessed she did not know. The Revising Barrister said he was in a lix, and the Liberal agent, while objecting, sympathised with the applicants, as he was one of twins himself. The Conservative agent maintained that the twins were each entitled to a vote, and in this view the Revising Barrister concurred.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LOW RENTAL OF FARMS.

EXTRAORDINARY AGREEMENTS IN ESSEX,

In consequence of the extretWif;;;;SsiOn in agricul- ture, an extraordinary number of sales of farming stock are advertised to take place in Essex•at Michaelmas this year, and after quarter day the number of tenantless farms will be considerably increased. In order to keep farmers on the land several landowners have offered great concessions in the matter of rents, and in a few instances tenants who had given notice to leave. at Michaelmas have consented to remain on at a nominal rent. In one such case at least, near Braintree,a farmer has renewed his tenancy of upwards of 200 acres for another year at the nominal rent of £1 and tithes.

The Medical Annual advises Practitioners to remember that when recommending Coccus as fool and beverage for invalids, the name CADBURY on any packet of Cocoa is a guarantee of purity.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT FIRE AT ST. :HELENS.

ALLEO ED INCENDIARISM. EXTRAOR.DINARY SCENES.

The premises of Mes,rs. Pilkingron *Brothers, the wa:11-known gia:s manufacturers and colliery pro- nrietore, at St Helens, were the scene of a vast con-. liagration on Saturday night and Sunday morniug, and there is, unfortunately, some reason to suppose that the fire had not an accidental origin. The ex- tensive works of Messrs. Pilkington Brothers are divided into two portions, namely, the plate-glass or " top " works at. Cowley-hill, and the " bottom " or sheet-glass works, situated In G rove-st. and Watson-st., a few yards from Liverpool-road, one of the main thoroughfares in the centre of the town. It was at the last-named department that the fire occurred, and never in its history was St. Helens the scene of such a brilliant illumination. The first indication to the tovvnspeople that anything was amiss was a ruddy glare which erase over the centre of the town shortly before eleven o'clock, and, crowded as the streets were on the market night, thousands of persons flocked in the direction indicated by the rapidly increasing brightness of the skies. It was soon ascertained that the extensive sheds for the storage of packing straw at Messrs. Pilkington Bros.' "Bottom" works were on fire, and the neWs aroused great excite- ment and alarm throughout the town. These sheds were built on the bank of the St. Helens Canal near Bridge- water-st., and Borne were of wood and others of brick. They were absolutely packed with hundreds of tons of straw—gathered in by the firm during the last few months—and with the solitary exception of one stack the whole stock fell a prey to the flames. The sheds and stacks seemed but as matchwood when attacked by the fire, and in less than half an hour after the first tilarm was given the whole area of the packing stores was one mass of flames. Attempts to suppress the fire at its height were absolutely useless, and for the first four or five hours the full strength of the two brigades was directed to preventing the flames spreading to the sur- rounding valuable property. Fortunately, these exer- tions were rewarded with success; but for more than twelve hours hosepipes were kept continually at work pouring immense quantities of water on the burning and smouldering debris. The circumstances surrounding the discovery of the fire, combined with serious assaults on police Jfficers and deliberate obstruction of firemen in the execution of their duties, have given rise to generally accredited rumours that the outbreak, was not purely accidental. The sheds used for the storage of straw included a wooden building, 120 ft, in length, and 30ft high, run- ning parallel with the canal, and a similar building at each end, forming three sides of a square. Inside this square was a brick building, measuring about 10 yards each way, and severalother smaller brick sheds adjoined the wooden buildings outside the square. Shortly after half-past ten one of the children of Mr. James Shepherd watchman for Messrs. Todd, Brothers, whose cottage is in Watson-st., at the corner where Todd's premises join the strawvard of Messrs. Pilkington Brothers, went into the backyard, but immediately returned to the house, crying," Father, there's someone running up the yard." Either one or two men were seen running from the direction of Pilkington's strawyard, and on Mr. Shep- herd rushing to the door he saw one of the stacks of straw on fire. He ran to the spot and endeavoured to knock out the blaze with his hands, one of which was burned in the attempt. He then warned the watchman at Pilkington's works, and the alarm of fire was given. The works brigade was immediately called up, and information of the outbreak was telephoned to the St. Helens Corporation fire brigade station. Superintend- ent Rutherford and a staff of men with the steamer and hose reels at once proceeded to the spot, where they found that the flames had got a good hold, and the wooden buildings and stacks of straw being a mass of roaring and crackling flames. The steamer was run on to the canal bank, opposite to the burning buildings.but after ten minutes pumping here the suction pipe became chocked with mud and dirt from the bottom of the canal and the engine was removed to the canal bridge, where, after considerable delay, a much better supply of water was obtained. In the meantime nearly a dozen stand pipes were affixed to the mains in Bridgewater- street, Grove-street, Watson-street, and the canal bank, and streams of water were soon being poured on the property adjacent to the burning mass, which was now roaring like an enormous furnace, and illuminating the country for miles around. As the roofs of the straw sheds collapsed one after another the flames shot up- wards to a great height,and the heat given off was almost unbearable to those many yards away. Great alarm was felt respecting the safety of the expensive timber yard and works oh Mr. S. Beckett, joiner and builder, which were only divided from the burning premises by the canal. In the bight of the conflagration the wood there commenced to blister and smoke, but hose pipes were directed to the spot, and scores of men, regardless of the terrific heat, threw hundreds of buckets of water over the wood exposed to the flames. The exertions were maintained for over an hour, and all fear of the flames spreading in that direction was allayed. During the height of the fire the conduct of a large crowd of roughs was disgraceful in the extreme, and they very seriously interfered with the firemen and police officers, who throughout the night worked like heroes in battling with the flames, and some of their acts amounted to malicious lawlessness meriting seven punishment. Shortly after the arrival of the brigade from the Town Hall a length of hosepipe was affixed to a standaipe at the corner of Liverpool-road and Bridge- water-street. The turneock left the shop to convey a message to the engineers, and on his return fonnd that the hnsepipe had been deliberately cut with some sharp instrument, rendering the pipe useless and necessitating the laying of another length. From this point and un- til the arrival of a large staff of police officers, under Chief-Constable Wood and Inspector Steel, the firemen were seriously obstructed in the performance of their duties, They were hustled and pushed about, and when they succeeded in getting the suction pipe of the steam engine into the canal agang of the roughs deliber- ately dragged it from the water, and yelled, " Let it burn," and " Let it burn tiro-- lot down." Several policemen ran to assist the firemen, but they, too, were obstructed, and some of them as- saulted. Some exciting scenes followed. Thousands of persons crowded and crushed along the canal hank, and the police endeavoured in vain to restrain them. Many persons, including a couple of policemen, were pushed into the water, but fortunately they were all rescued. In the course of the cdsturbances stones and other missiles were thrown at the officers, and cries of " Throw them into the canal " were raised. Police-sergeant Sisson had Iris helmet damaged by the stone throwing ; Police-con- stable Bradley was hit on the eye with a stone, and other officers received blows from sticks. Constable Crockett was the unfortunate recipient of a serious black eye. A man named Robert Edwards, residing at 37, Napier-st., was assisting the police on the canal bank, when half a brick, thrown by some scoundrel, struck Min on the Bide of the head, knocking him into the canal. Police- constable Carmody was standing by his side at the time, and the officer bravely entered the water and rescued Edwards, whose head was badly cut and bleeding pro- fusely. Some order was ultimately secured, and subse- quently operations were allowed to go on without interruption. 'rho destruction of the sheds and the blazing of the straw seemed to give intense delight to the rowdy element in the crowd, who lustily cheered at each fresh outburst, and audibly expressed hopes that the whole lot of the works would be destroyed.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
HARVEST FESTIVALS.

APPLETON WESLEYAN CHAPEL.

On Tht;;;Sa—y—ali;ra;;;;;;;i:-; meeting, which was well attended, was held in the Wesleyan Chapel, Apple- ton, when a welcome was extended to the newly. appointed Wesleyan ministers of the Warrington circuit, the Revs. Owen Watkins and G. D. Mason. In the even- ing, the annual service in celebration of the inga thering of the harvest was held, the interior of the chapel having been, for the first time in the history of the building, decorated with cereals and fruit and flowers. Councillor Shaw Green, of Warrington presided, and interesting addresses were delivered by him and by the Revs. 0. Watkins, and G. D. Mason and by Mr, James Summersgill and others. A suitable selection of music was rendered by the choir,apd the proceedings passed off in a very enjoyable manner. PADGATE CHURCII. . _ -

The Harvest Festival in connection with Padget° Church, was continued on Sunday. The preacher in the morning was the Rev. F. L. Millard, M.A., lecturer at the Warrington Training College, and in the evening the Rev. H. Gibson Smith, rector of Halewood. The offer- tories were in aid of the Choir Food. PRESTON BROOK PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHAPEL.. . .

On Sunday, the harvest thanksgiving services were held in the Primitive Methodist Chapel, when two ser- mons were preached by a student from the Primitive Methodist College, Manchester. to large congregations. The afternoon service commenced at half-past two, and the evening at six o'clock, at both at which suitable anthems and hymns were rendered by the choir. The services were continued on Monday evening, when a miscellaneous entertainment was given, and arm address by the Rev. Win. Albert, of Runcorn, Mr. J. Whitley, of Stockton Heath, presiding. The chapel was neatly decorated with fruit, flowers, and corn, and having in the early part of the year been beautified, time edifice presented a presented a pretty appearance. Tho whole of the services were of a successful character. DARESBURY CIIURCII.

_ The harvest festival services were held in the I'3 rish Church, Daresbury, on Thursday arid Sunday. The preachers were the Rev. E. P. Alexander, ViCRr of Alvanley, on Thursday; and the Rev. R. Greenall, rec- tor of Grappenall, arid the Rev. L. J. T. Darwell, of Walton, on Sunday. The musical portion of the services was well rendered by the choir, and great praise is due to the choirmaster, Mr. Wright, for the careful trainire, which was displayed. The offertory was devoted 0 the support of the Sunday schools at Daresbury, Moore, and Preston Brook, and amounted to ever £l7.

YE WEARY TRAVELLERS! ..-Nothing comforts tired or ten- der feet like HUDSON'S EXTRACT YE WEARY TRAVELLERS! OF SOAP, or HUDSON'S DRY SOAP In the foot-bath, A real luxury. YE WEARY TRAVELLERS! Try it to-nit It .A &wt. (3)•

RUNCORN PORT SANITARY AUTHORITY

At the monthly meeting of Widnes Town Czarricil on Tuesday, the Mayor (Alderman Gossage) presid- ing, the Health Committee reported, with reference to the Port Sanitary Authority of Runcorn, that the Town Clerk produced and explained drafts of two Orders proposed to be made by the Local Government Board—one forming a Joint Board, consisting of 13 members, being representatives of the Corporations of Widnes and Warrington, and the Runcorn Improvement Commissioners, and the Runcorn Rural Sanitary Authority, and constituting the same the Port Sanitary Authority tor the Port of Runcorn ; and also providing for, amongst other things, the number of representatives of and the contribution to the expenses of the proposed Port Sanitary Authority by each of the above authori- ties ; and the other authorising the Medical Officer of Health of the Liverpool Port Sanitary Authority to in- spect ships bound for the port of Runcorn, and also pro- viding for the isolation of persons suffering from cholera found therein, and for repayment by the Runcorn Authority of the expenses incurred by the Liverpool Authority ; toeether with letter from the Local Govern- ment Board asking for the observation of the Corpora- tion thereon.—The Committee resolved that the Council d-o adhere to the resolution of the 11th February, 1893, confirming and adopting resolution of this Committee of the 27th January, 1893, and do oppose the making of order constituting the Port Sanitary Authority, so far as the same proposes to place any part of the Borough of Widnes under the jurisdiction of such Authority. The General Purposes Committee referred to the sub- ject in the following terms r—The Town Clerk produced and read resolution of the Health Committee passed on the 29th ult., and the Committee resolved, that the Town Clerk be and is hereby instructed to further sub- mit the views of the Council to the Local Government Board, and that failing satisfactory arrangement,; being main to with that body, the Corporation do by notice in writing object to the order and oppbse the confirmation thereof by parliament, and that for such purpose the Town Clerk be and is hereby instructed and authorised to employ and pay Parliamentary agents, counsel and witnesses and do all such other Acts and things a; may be necessary and proper to be done in the matter. Councillor Neil,ehairman of the Health Committee,said some of the committee had considered the matter very seriously, and as they did not want to put the town to any unnecessary expense in connection with this author- ity, they had referred the subject to the General Purposes Committee to oppose it in Parliament if necessary. (Hear, hear.)—The resolutions were carried without further comment.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED INSULT TO MR. GLADSTONE.

The BlitirgoVorie correspondent of the Central News telegraplat :—Mr. Gladstone attended morning service in the Episcopal Church at Blairgowrie on Sunday morning. The officiating clergyman, the Rev. F. W. Davis, in the course of his sermon made a somewhat uniNual and as it was though pointed allusion to the conduct of men who being servants of Mammon, strove only for worldly place and power. These words were taken to constitute an insulting allusion to Mr. Gladstone, and during the day they were excitedly discussed by the local Liberals. Mr. Davis, however, in an interview with the Central News representative, disclaimed any intention of referring " directly " to the Premier, but the rev. gentleman added that he was so bitterly op- posed to Mr. Gladstone's policy that on Sunday he re- fused to shake hands with him, and that if the Premier should call at the rectory he would not be received. The Press Association's Blairgowrie correspondent sends the following account of the occurrence :—When Mr. Gladstone presented himself at the Episcopal Church there on Sunday morning, and offered to shake hands with the Rev. Frederick W illiam Davis, the rector, the latter declined, and those who had hoped to hear the Premier read the lessons were thereforedisappointed. Mr. Gladstone occupied a seat near the front of the pul- pit. Some sensation was caused by several passages in Mr. Davis's sermon, which were interpreted as having special reference to the Premier. Mr. Davis took as his text the words" No man can serve two masters." He said many men tried to serve God and mammon, the latter being the favourite. How many came to the Lord's house that morning with a single purpose in view ? How many had been impelled by a contemptible spirit of curiosity only to set their laggard feet in God's house that morning. Did they think that God, who read the thoughts of all men, would not write down in the book of His rem'ernbrances that on a certain day in Septem- ber, 3.893, certain persons were prompted by most un- worthy motives to go into His house, and who when there only dishonoured Him by never thinking of Him ? Did they think that he would fail to record the fact that their coining into his House that day proved them to be hypocrites of the deepest dye, men and women who worshipped more Gods than one, who worshipped the creatures as well as or more than the creator. He asked them when that suicidal policy was to end, anel concluded by saying— Perish policy and cunning, Perish all that hate the light Whetlizr winning whether losing, Trust in God and do the right.

Mr. Davis on being interviewed after by a reporter did not conceal his dislike for Mr. Gladstene as a politician, but denied that any part of his sermon was intended specially to apply to Mr. Gladstone, and said had be desired to point remarks at the Premier he should not do so in church.

The Press Association states that Mr. Gladstone has written to a gentleman of Blairgowrie stating that he never offered to shake hands with the Rev. Mr. Davies, Episcopal Church minister of Blairgowie, on Sunday, and that the idta of doing so in church never entered his mind. .

===== 0002601_18930916_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
RHYMES FOR THE PEOPLE.

AN APPEAL TO WORKING-MEN. 0 would ye be healthy, sober and wise, Be early to bed, and early to rise, And eschew the Publican's den; For his hours are long, His liquors are strong, And often prove fatal to men. Your work is severe in forge and in mill, And needs all your strength as well as your skill ; Then hurt not these blessings of God, In drinks that trepan, And sorely unman, The victims that trust iu their fraud. How small is your wage compar'd with your toil, In mill or in forge, cr delving the soil ; That idlers in grandeur may ride, Then waste not your cash, In Publican's trash, But remember your own fireside. And if you desire your cottage to see, Cheerful and bright as it always should be, Then keep out the Beer and the Gin : For where these appear, 'Tis certain and clear, That discord and sorrow come in. Your boys and your girls, all r.lastic as clay, Will follow your steps in chooslng their way; Be yours then to lead them aright, That they may detest The drinkseller's pest, And shun it by day and by night. If for your neighbour ye neighbourly feel, And always desire to further his weal, Then try to protect hien from drink; One glass might involve A breach of resolve And lead him in ruin to sink. Would ye put riot and drunkenness down That order and peace may reign in the town, 0 veto the Publican's trade; For surely euougli It is by his stuff That most of these evils are made. If Sunday ye prize, that calm day of rest, lieav'n's boon for the poor, and labour—opprest, . _ . .

Then seal up the Gin Palace door; - That drunkards insane, With tumult profane, May break on its quiet no more. - And surety ye know that Drink is to blame For most of our ills, and most of our shame, Against it, 0 then, take your stand; And work night and day To drive it away No more to dishonour the land.

MYRA.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
FATAL FIGHT BETWEEN NEWSBOYS.

On Tuesday a shocking affair took place in a little', street running off one of the main thoroughfares in Bir- mingham. Two newsboys named Hands and Smith, ! quarrelled about their earnings and began to fight. Hands, who is 18 years old, was heated by Smith, who was only 15, and in his rage pulled out a penknife and struck Smith in the abdomen. Smith walked a few yards and then fell to the ground. He was aken to the hospital, but died on being carried into the building.

Farmers in East Essex have given their labourers notice that next week, audio some cases the week after, their wages will be reduced two shillings per week. In seme parts 12s. has been paid, and in other districts 11s. Great distress is apprehended In the rural districts during the coming winter. Already there are many labourers out of employment.

The Royal Laundresses say Critchlers " STARCH GLOSS Is unequalled for impart inr a beautiful finish to starched linen, ether cold or boiling water starch. Mr. —, corn. wall, says My wife will not finish our linen without your " Starch Gloss." Prom Mrs. Bradford : "Dear sit,— am pleased to Inform you that t have tried many so-called Starch Glares and Polishes, but find none equal W yours." It should be used in every house. Bold at Id., 3d., and ed., ,by most starch millets. If not in stook will procure tt. T. tavrCiu.RY. 131.eckburn, .roprietor.—Aht.

MRS. S. A. ALLEN'S

WORLD'S

lE. It E S o R

The natural colour re- stored and preserved.

An absolutely perfect Hair Restorer and Dressing.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
IT IS NOT A DYE.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

FRIDAY.

The division on the Home Rule Bill took place in the House of Lords early on Saturday morning. We are told that the scene was singularly imposing. The Opposition benches were crowded, as were also the cross benches and the seats in the neighbourhood of the woolsack. The bishops filled three benches in the portion of the house devoted to them, and even the Ministerial benches weie well sprinkled with peers. The space in front of the thrown was filled by privileged visitors, the galleries all round the house were fully occupied by ladies in elegant toilets, and many of them in full evening C 03.- turns. Many of the diplomatic corps amongst whom the Turkish Ambassador in a red fez was conspicuous, were seated in the same gallery. Taking it altogether, it may be . questioned whether a more striking coup d'iril was ever presented by the house on the occasion of an important division. The process of clearing the house was very slow owing to the crowding of the gangways by the large number of the Opposition who laird to make their way out. Several minutes were in fact thus occupied. The return of the peers to the house was of course more rapid. At length the division was completed, having occupied more than half an hour, and the leading Opposition tellers (the Earl of Limerick) proceeded to hand the paper conteirk- ine the numbers to the Lord Chancellor. .

_ The Lord Chancellor then declared the numbers, wbieb. were—

===== 0002601_18930916_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
For second reading 4l Against

Majority against The bill was therefore rejected. ' SATURDAY.

The House of Commons held a sitting on Saturday,and went into Committee of supply. In the di.cussion of the vote for the Board of Agriculture Mr. F-1. Gardner said the Royal Commission on Agricultural Depression would boa non-party one. Neither birnetalism nor pre. ferential duties would he excluded from discussion. The administration of the department of the Charity Commissioners and the system of examination for en- trance into the public service were amongst the other subjects discussed.

MONDAY. In the. House of Commons on Monday, in reply to question, Mr. ARNOLD Mostar said a postal order tor ten shillings sent by Mrs. Wotherspoon, a pour widow, to her daughter at Blackpool had been stolen, and a care— taker in the service of the Post-office had been charged - with the theft. The Post-office was by law exempt from liability; but it might be a question for later considera— tion whether, as an act of grace, it would not be possible to give the woman compensation. Mr. T. E. Ettis promised inquiry into a grievance .at Pennrynydd, Anglesey, where it was alleged that William Jones had been threatened with ejection or actually ejected from an almshouse, chiefly because he had neg- lected to attend the parish church, such attendance being a condition of the tenancy. Replying to questions respecling the disturbances in the mining districts, Mr. ASQUITH said he had sanctioned the despatch of 250 London police to Yorkshire. The Government had no power to put an end to the dispute, but, in common with the whole nation, they earnestly hoped that counsels of moderation would prevail. The cost of the disturbances would fall upon the ratepayers of the districts in which they occurred. _

The House then went into Committee of Supply. Mr. Ilawnnity moved the reduction of the War Office vote, alleging that two officials in connection with the depart- ment had in their search for a new explosive picked the brains of inventors for their own personal benefit. ME: CAMPBELL-BANNERMAN said these charges applied to the period before he took office, bat be asserted that Mr. Banbury in his "railing accusation" had done two loyal officials consideraole injustice, and that he had himself accepted cordite, finding that it answered all the put. poses of a smokeless powder. The amendment was se- lected without a division. A long discussion follewed on. the Duke ofConnaught%. apt:ointment to Aldershot. As a protest Mr. Delmar- moved the reduction of the Commander in Chief's salary. but on a division the amendment was rejected by a Government majority of 117.

;.,k1 •

.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
TUESDAY.

In the House of Commons on Tuesday Mr. H. Fowrant (President of the Loral Government Board). replying to Mr. Lees Knowles with respect to the condition of the Ship Canal, said the Salford Corporation were in a most perplexing position. The area impounded by the Com- pany contained sewage that was most injutous to the health of Salford, and he suggested that the Corporation should take legal advice as to whether the 'Company were entitled to create the niiisanee. It was extremely probable that the Corporation would have to go to Parliament for further powers to deal with the nuisance. The Local Government Board would assist them in every possible way to cope with the difficulty which now con- fronted them in the midst o: a dense population. • Questions were asked as to the powers of pcor-law guardians to provide work for the destitute, and also with regard to the railway rates on the North Stafford line.

Mr. SI7AW-LEFETIM said the Queen had given her con- sent to the hoisting of the national fig,. at Westminster during the sitting of Parliament, and that the cost would he £25 a year. Inquiry wa.s promised with regard to the prohibition of the miners' meeting at Barnsley. The House went into Committee of Supply, and on the. volunteer vote Mr. CAMPBELL-RANNERMAN announced that Her Majesty .had sanctioned the bestowal of a decoration on volunteer no-commissioned officers for zeal and efficiency in the service.

WEDNESDAY. In the House of Commons on Wednesday a number of Scotch subjects were discussed. Arrattempt was made to condemn Mr. E,slemont, the chairman of the Scotch Fishery Board, for speaking at a political meeting, but it was explained that he had simply replied to a per- sonal attack. Several votes were agreed to, and prc- gress was reported. On the vote for the Local Government Board Mr. U. FOWLER complained that Sir John Gorst had endeavoured to make political capital nut «f Ids attitude with regard to the unemployed. He was as anxious ea anyone that occupation should be found for the destitute, but he I pointed out that it would to, unwise without the consent of the Government for a Minister to adopt a proposat that'would practically do away with the existing poor- law policy. Sir WILLIAIt HARCOURT, questioned with regard to mining royalties in Wales, said the Government acted OD the principle of encouraging industries.

_ THURSDAY. In the Flouse of Commons on Thursday, Sir E. Gary, replyill to a question, said so far as the Government were aware no proposals had been made to restrict Bri- tish trade in Siam. Lord DutTerin was fully alive to the importance of British commercial interests, and would receive instructions in case tlyey were threatened.—Mr. Fowiant remarked that the local authorities were mak- ing careful inspection of food, and particularly of frut and vegetables from abroad. The report with regard to the el o'eraic outbreak ill the country was satistac oy, ith the exception of the state of things at Ashbourne, which was serious, eight deaths having occurred. These persons all dranlcat thef same pump, and the water was, to say the least, suspi- cious.

---The rouse then went into Committee of &poly. On the Irish votes considerable discussion arose wi h regard ta the Government policy in Ireland. Mr. JOHN 111oltur contended that Liberal rule had already been b neficial, and he quoted statistics showing that agrarian crime had decreased.

HORRIBLE :OUTRAGE ON A LITTLE - GIRL.

- At New Brompton, sear Chatham, on Sunday, a girl of nine was sent tor supper beer, and was returning home when a man suddenly pounced upon and brutally absaulted her. The ruffian dragged her through a fence into a garden, subjected her to shocking illusage, and cut her throat. The child was left insensible, but on recovering consciousness she crawled to the fence, and was seen and conveyed home. The girl, whose name is_ weeks, described her assailant. The child's condition is critical.

RUPTURE CURED.—S, J. SHERMAN, Hernia Specialist, 64, Chancery-lane. London. sends his book on rupture post free. Branch Chambers. 28, Bing-st., Manehoster.—Adet.

YOUR ATTENTION, PLEASE l Sufferers from Gravel. Lumbago. Piles, Pains in the Beck. Dropsy. Wind and Water Complaints. Diseases of Kidneys, Bladder, Urinary Organs, Stone, Meet, Stile ture, Sciatica, Rheumatism, and Gout, will find a positive cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box, amt ' if not satigiedyour money will be returned. Priee is 11d. Ot all chemists, or post tree for 12 stamps from is OLD- IiOYD'S Medical Hall, Cleckheatou, Yorks. Don't be put off. If yell cannot get them write to the Proprietor, and a box will be sent next post.—Advt.

r.. •• •

===== 0002601_18930916_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebe " Oraininer " gpertef.

up LAIIeASHIKE AND THE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS

comp.. THE Warrington and Mid-Cheskire Examiner, pub- lished every S.turday morning. THE Earleatown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afterrtoon. THE St. Helens Examinir, published every Friday afternoon. A THE Buneorn Examiner, published every Saturday morning ; and rrELE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday I. morning.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. coming under the following heads are inserted in ALL the above-mentioned Papers for ONE CHARGE, as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTINERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS W•NTED, MONEY WANTED, , SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT.

MISCELLANEOUS 'WANTS, HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Ma Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT Only. No Adver- Urea ent inserted on credit under 28. ner insertion.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
' ,Jru: antai.

AGENTS WANTED to push first class Machinery Oils. Liberal Cotomission.—Box 22, Post Office, Liverpool.

A GENTS WANTED, whole or spare time; Commission 11 and Bonus.--DtETON and Co. Limited, 92. Graceehurch- street. London.

GOOD SIM) SHOP WANTSD. in High-street or Churoh-street. Runcorn. preferred.—Appiv 9. Croxteth Greve. Liverpool.

AGISNU Wanted, 61 per cent. commission ; specimens free. man ufscturers supplied.--Ad•iress BROOKMAN'S RUBBER STLMPS. Hand Court, Holborn. London.

WANTED. yn.,ng MARRIED KEN as Collector Salesmen, must be honest. sober, and ei.erg:Ptic. and devote the whole of their time to it.—Apply The SINGER MANUFACTUR- ING Co., 31, Market Place, St. Helens, at 9 a.m. any morning.

WANTED a First class and En,rg, tic AGENT for the sale of the "New itothwell " Knitting Machine for War- rington District. To anyone able to influence business. most liberal terms will be offered.—Apply W. ROTHWELL -CO., LTD., Albert Works, Bridgman-street, Bolton.

OBACCONISTS ctrnmencing. Illustrited Guide (post freq..) How to cor.,menee.—T..BACCONISTS. Otrryrrr• ING CO.. IE6. Ruston-road, London. Manager, HENRY MYFRS. Ust. 1866.

rroßAccosisTs and those commencing should call or send 1 tor our Price Litt. Competition deed.—GoLDßEße's, Paradise-st.. Liverpool. Established 1850.

LEFT OFF CLOTILBS bought, best price for parcels for- warded. if not opprovefi, goods returned.--Jesthe GOB- INA; New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326, 328, and 348, Deansgate, Manchester.

SECOND-HAND DRESS SUITS, Military, Theatrical,Band Uniforms for sale or hire.—JAMS GORMAN, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326. 328, and 346, Deansvate, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits perfectly new at third cost price.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
nntrarts.

A RMY CONTEACTS.—Tenders for the inppiy of FORAGB £1 and PAILLASSR CTRAW. for the pe-fod of six months fr m let November, 1893, at the various stations in the North-Western District, will be received at the under- mentioned office, until 12 o'clock noon, on Wednesday, the 27th September, 1593 Forms of Tender, with list of Stations, can be obtained on application to the As,ist ant Adjutant General, Head Quarter Office, Chester. sth Se,,tember. 1893.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
E o bt Let.

PENMITY!. 14 GUS% with garden ; also several cottages.— .L Apply Mr. ROBERT Lown, estate agent, Market Gate Chambers, Warrington.

rro LET. ROUSSE In Mercer-t.. Newton-le-Willows, in 1. excellent conditlon.—Apply to JOHN ADAMS. Park- road, Newton-le,Willows.

TTLBT, PBBMISES, in centre of Warnngton, suitable for mall workshops.—Apply ASHTON and WOODS. Solicitors, Horseaaarket-street, Warrington.

ITO LET, House, Eagle Mount, Stockton Heath, Rent £lB. 1, Three bedrooms. parlour, sitting-room, kitehen,and other eonvenienees.—Applv W. BOSTOCIC, builder. Wilderspool.

'HOUSE AND GANDBN TO -LKT. No. 4:Salisbury-at. rent £2.5 Bs. per annum. Contains dining and drawing room, kitchen, &c.. five bedrooms, w.c., and bath.— Apply GIBSON AND Sow. Church-st., Warrington.

rro BE LET. the House lately occupied by Mr. Brinsiey 1. Sheridan. Scotland—mi. Warringt"n ; admirably adapted for a b.tter class Lodging-house.—Particulars apply Mr. COWDELL, estate agent. Mill-at., Warrington.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
Criutatton.

LADIES' SCHOOL.M ELCH ET HOUSE, LYTHAM. —lnclusive terms, special for cl rgv, references to parents, vacancy for article.: pupil.—Principals, the MIMI HAUL= (Mies. S. Halket,L.L.A.)

HEATH OLD PALL, WAEF,FIELD. SUPERIOR SCHOOL FOR GIRLS.—ICSTABLISHED 1352. Terms, wi,ll view of bail and ground. with r terenee, on ppplication to Mrs. G. E. KENT. Next term begins Sept. 22nd.

PENMAENMAWR SCHOOL. North Wale. Sea and mountain air. Preparation for Public Ole. &r. Increased accommodation for Bosrters. Term. September 13th. WILLIAM H. RHODES, M.A., (London). F.C.P., Head Master.

CLAREMONT, MOUNT EPHRAIM - ROAD, STREATHAM. LONDON. PREPARATORY SCHOOL for the Sons of Gent:emen, (Established 1881.) Tutor a B.A. London. Principal—Miss JULIA GRIFFITHS. Prospectus on Application.

MR. FRANK W. REYNOLDS, 8.A., TEACHER OF THIO PIANOFORTE!, MASSEY HALL, TRIM- WA LL, near Warrington.—Partieulars as to terms. Ste.. may be obtained from Mr. R. H. PEARSON, Bold-st.. Warrington, or from Massey Hall.

ST. GE( )ROE'S SCHOOL, (Catholic), Brampton, Huntingdon, 1 hours from Ring's Cross). A thoroughly Pmfessional or Commercial Education provided at a moderate pension.—Address The PRINCIPAL,

1103 IE SCHOOL for YOUNG LADIES. Every comfort, careful training, tlrst-raie professors, accom- plishments, all examinations, good house, ke,lthy suburb, drilling, tenni s,de.—llfissea LAMB, Grove Park. Lee. S.E.

THE MARLING ENDOW ED SCHOOL, STROUD Chairman of Goyerr ors : Sir W. If. Marling, Bart. School Fees. £ ---P..3 a Term ; Boarding Fees, onl3 .£3O per Annum. Boys admitted at any period at Pro, ortlonate Fees. For particulars apply.—W. J. GItILENEITREET, M.A., Head- master.

pHANGE OF ADDRESS.-JAMES M. MUIR, A.C.0.. A.T C.L., ALBXANDRA STUDIO, Bridge-st. Warrington. The premises occupied by Mr. Rossiter, phour! grapher. TUITION IN ORGAN. Pi .noforte Singing. Harmony. &T.. 11, Cliffe View, Stockton Heath.

• COLIVE HOUSE SCHOOL. PWLLIIELL NORTH WALES -- Sound and Liberal EDUCATION for Young Gentlemen. Preparation for emit Service and other public examinations. Comfortable home, tacing the sea. French conversation daily. References to parents ix Manchester. Next term 'September 19 Terms very moderate*—For pros- pectus apply to the lli/NCIPat.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
WA RRI II GTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL.

THE NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN ON TUESDAY SEP rEMBEE 19TH, ror furtirr particulars apply to the MEAD MASTER

rr RIN IT Y COL LEG E, HARROGATE. -I_ HEAD MASTSII.—Mr. J. P. HUGHES.—Assisted by four Resident an seven Visiting Masters. Boys very suc- cessful in the London Matric„ Cambridge Local. Preliminary Ltw Exams., tennis courts, gymnasium. swimming bath, ticket and footLall fields. Next term begins Sept. 20th.

MANCIHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL.

FEE £4 48. PER TERM. The next Term begin TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 19th. Entrance Examination, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 18th, at 9 a.m. PROSPECTUSES, Forms of application &a., may be had at the School. OWEN W. COX. Clerk and Receiver.

N.B.—Boarding House now open under the sanction of Governors.

WIDNES ACADEMY OF Music. PRIVATE LESSONS. SELECT DAY AND EVENING CLASSES. PIANO, ORGAN, HARMONIUM, VIOLIN, VOICE PRODUCTION, HARMONY. COUNTERPOINT, COMPOSITION. THREE FREE SCHOLARSHIPS Tenable one year. Thirty-three certificates and prizes gained by students during the year 1891. Prospectus on Application to THE PRINCIPAL.

MANDOLIN, GUITAR, ZITHER, and BANJO, taught by PROFESSOR ENNIS and SENORA SANDAL—Address Victoria Chambers. Widues.

NITANTED good GENERAL SERVANT. ableto cook and assist in waiting.—Apply SHAKESPEARE HOTEL, Barnsley.

WANTED. General r•BEVANT, about 17; comfortable home; 3s. per week.—Audressl3, Green-st., Ardsrlek Green. Manchester.

ENERAL SERVANT WANTED, with good character; T family of two —Apply Dover House, Derbyshire Lane, Stntford, Manchester.

(1111 L (young) WANTED. 16 or 17 ; small family; Liver- pool ; 10s per month.—Address M., 41, Bryanston read, St. Michael's, I iverpool.

A GENTLEMAN highly recommends a Butler, where Foot- -11 man is kept: age 3g; married; disengaged.—A. H., Hinstock, Market Drayton.

COOIC. good, plain WANTED ; also HOUSEMAID-WAIT- BESS. Late dinner.—Address, stating age, wages, Mrs. MAY, Prestbury. Macclesfield.

ri ENERAL SERVANT WANTED. able to wash and iron, 4. 3" for small family; nurse girl kept.—RICHARDSON, chrmist. Hadfield, near Manchester.

GENERAL SERVANT WANTED. thoroughly experienced. two in family. references required, good wages.—Mrs. PARKINSON. 26, Wellington-street, Blackburn.

WANTED SITUATION as Malt, for 28th. hairdressing; needlework. knowledge of dressmaking, good refei- ences.—M. R. BREWSTER, Newstead, Mallon.

IVANTND by a young man aged 19. SITUATION as under Gardener, two years In last pace.—Apply A. lim.am, care of Louis Dutton, 87, Aughton-street. Ormakirk..

apartinentO,ffunitObtb f2ouut,szr

QOUTHPORT.—Mrs. THOS. SUTCLIFFE, 41. Sefton-at., - APARTMENTS, we., and piano.

SCARBOROUGH.—SWIFT'S Private Hotel and Boarding- Honse.—JouN B. SWIFT, Proprietor.

BLACK FOOL—Palk House, Claremont Park, facing the Sea. Baths. billiards. Tariff on application.

(20 UTI4 PORT.—APARTMENTS, beautifully furnished; kJ central and moderate charges, comfortable home, bath, w.c.-8, Derby Road.

ATORECAMBIL—Mra. STEELE, 25. Sea View Parade, .1.71. West end-road. APARTMENTS. (puLlic or private) bath. piano.. BEAUTIFUL situation, Haydn House. Kirk Onehan. hie of Man. Apartments with private family ; own poultry, eggs, and vegetables.—M. SOAR.

OUTH PORT.—Clarence Villa. 42. Princess-street, comfort- able APARTMENTS. Sunby Side, near Markets and Winter Gardens; terms moderate.

QCARBOE (HIGH. Ci 'MON'S BOARDING HOUSE; 0 situated on the Nor, h Cliff, facing the sea ; rnagnificent view of the bay. Private rootna if required.

QT. ANNES•ON-THE-SEA. Capital family house, two entert dning, seven bedrooms. unfuruiahed £27. furn- ished 15s. weekly.-42, St. Alban's-road.

TSLE OF MAN. Good accommodation for visitors with or 1 without board.—Mrs. LINGARD (late of Warrington), York House. Castle Drive, Douglas (near the palace).

ottl.

MRS. OUTRAM, CONFECTIONER, 84, VICTORIA ROAD, NEW BRIGHTON. (Midway between Pier and Railway Station, opposite

Nelson's New Brighton Hotel). LUNCHBOICS, DINNBRS, TBAS, BEIFRISSIMENTS, &Cs

QPI.RNDID COIL (almost new). Pit Rope, 6in broad; about 100 yards long; to be Sold chsap.—T. BLUNT, and Sms, Bury.

0N SALE, MANURE WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. HOBlllllll, 16, Fenwiek-Street. Liverpool.

ECZEMA. Erysipelas, Psoriasis and Bad Legs cured. Ad- vice f res.. Cures p oved gmulne by those curel— CARPENTER, BllrlihAM. Somerset.

TO PERSONS wbo have weak and falling' HAIR I will 1 send a valuable prescription for is. 6d. ; certain cure.— Menca, 138. Brunswick-road. Sheffield.

QPLENDID SERGHS. Vicunas, Tweeds, any length cut; Li suit lengths 10s. t. 215.; pattetns free.—A. L. larnat- WOOD, Mant.facturer, Hanley. Huddersfield.

HAIR RESTORER.- I will nd on receipt of le. I& one bottle of lotion for promoting the speedy growth of hair, never fails.—P. GOURLAY. Londoa-road, Idewortb.

mR ARRIED LADIFS.—INFORMATION OF PRICELESS VALUE (FRI- E).—Send at once stamped envelope to Mn. L., 4, Bradley-it.. Sheffield. (Please naive this paver.)

Ilarneos, t oroes, eart, Bugg, Scr

TILE WARRINGTON EXAMINER, GENERAL PRINTING DEPARTMENT

Has an established reputation for giving Careful and Prompt Attention to the wants of all Customers; and its facilities for the production of Good Work of every kind—from the smallest typographic trifle to the biggest mural " Mammoth "—are available to the public, at prices which are strictly moderate. Care- less, Inartistic, and skvenly printing is the bane of business men. They find it doesn't pay to have it— even at "the lowest tender."

TUB IHE 14 EXAMINER " WORKS, BEWBRIT-BTIMET.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
&Ma,' b ribate Ereatp.

goalts bp Vribate Cri:reatp.

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 16. 1893.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
fliatinnerp, arr., on &alt.

TRON FENCING, SHEEP and CATTLE HURDLES I Don't be mislead by special advertised offers, but before buying write for our Illustrated Catalogue, free on applica- tion:- BAYLISS JONES & BIYLISS, Iron Fencing manufac- turers, Wolverhampton. London Office and Showrooms, 139 & 141, Cannon Street, London.

A 8-HORSE PORTAELB ENGINE for sale or hire.and all /1. kinds of machluery for sale.—Joax DONNELL, Longford- street, Warrington.

Iftaizen.

£l5 to £1,000; interest £6 16s. per RM. Prospectus free. South Lancashire Company, 27,Brazennose-st, Manchester.

1 MONEY LENT by n PRIVATE GENTLEMAN AT A FEW HOURS' NOTICE, UPON NOTE OF HAND ALONE. 1 Without Bank or Lcan Office Routine.—From £lO to £5,000. To LADIES, and GENTLEMEN, HOUSEHOLDERS, and to PERSONS in receipt of a regular income or salary, without sureties. UPON NOTE OF HAND ALONE, and to assist persons into business ; also upon the security of Reversions, Life Annuities, Life Interests,Life Policies,plant,stock,shares, in town or country, without removal, also on deeds and life policies at 5 percent. from one to 15years. No public inquiries whatever, only a few hours' notice required to carry our. all advances.—Apply pereonally.or write to the actual lender. W, STEWART, Esq. 2, Cooper-street, Manchester. ALL COMMUNICATIONS STRICTLY PRIVATE, and CONFIDENTIAL. Principal can remain at interest. No securities required. No genuine application refused. Having a large surplus capital at command, all advances are granted cheaper than any other establishment in Lancashire. kLB.—STRICT SECRECY 084B1iVilD.

By Messrs. T. and J. L. TUNSTALL.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
difliisiral instrumentg.

PADEREWSKI says : "Play only on an Erard wherever obtainable.

E'

New Parisian lilodels now being exhibited.

.... pADEI EWSKI says: "Play only on an Erard wherever obtainable.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
Vraressional.

Otatrunanp.

I ---------------- 3elra.br;cpernotpl3e,rtyinhwthteel M ATFitalmMpy 111iTe.s—idrienacceitelanrd aCgoends i d to correspond with an educated refined spinster or widow, under 30, with a view to marriage. Lady possessing some means preferred.—Address in strictest confidence Mr. C. COLERIDGE, 83, Grosvenor-at., London, W.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
'HIE EXAMINER.

SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 16, 1893.

IT is now some seven or eight The Coal War. weeks since the cessation of work! in the coal districts began, yet we seem to be as far from a settlement of the dispute as ever. A ballot of the men who ard locked out has been taken this week, and so far as can be! judged from an almost unanimous vote,their deter- mination to resist the reduction that has been demanded of them has not been shaken in the slightest degree by the anxieties and sufferings of the last few weeks. On the part of the coalowners, or at all events on the part of those owners who have banded together to close their pits, we hear of absolutely no movement in the direction of com- promise or conciliation. During the week one colliery proprietor has spoken out pretty plainly in condemnation of the policy of the confederated mine-owners. This is Mr. W. CRAIG of Alsager, Cheshire, who is a large employer in Staffordshire and in North Wales. " I have," he writes," always held that the employers made a great mistake in asking for twenty-five per cent. reduction. Such a demand is unprecedented in the history of the trade, and in my 6,pirnon most unreasonable." That is the plainly expressed opinion of a man whose sympathies would nat'irally, under ordinary circumstances, be on the side of the employers. There are, it seems to us, indications on many sides that it, is the opinion which is being come to by an increasing proportion of those who are net directly or indirectly interested in a reduction of miners' wages. There has during the week been a statement by another coal owner which has not, so far as we have noticed, received the attention it deserved. The coal owner we refer to is Mr. CHAMBERS, of Rotherham, and the statement he made was to the effect that the reduction that was demanded was only equivalent to two shillings off twenty-eight. On being challenged as to the accuracy of this statement, Mr. CHAMBERS had to admit that he had made a mistake, and that the reduction demanded was equivalent to a good deal more than two shillings out of twenty- eight. The _significance of this incident is to be found in the fact that Mr. CHAMBERS is one of those colliery owners who are most urgent in demanding the reduction, and, if we are not mistaken, he is a leading member of the coal-owners' executive _committee. That such a mistake should be made by such a man is, as CARLYLE might have said, "significant of much." Can it be that even some of the coal-owners them- selves have not realised how large is the reduction they are demanding? In the earlier weeks of the struggle, they very effectually bamboozled the public as to the real meaning of the " twenty-five per cent." Can it he that in the first place they had bamboozled themselves F The little wisdom with which nations are governed was the theme of a famous statesman; it may be that in the future, the present coal war will be taken as an instance of how lightly and ignorantly disastrous industrial struggles are entered upon. Itis unquestionable that the situation that is being created by the lock-out is rapidly becoming unbearable. Almost every industry is dependent upon the supply of coal, and as time goes on the mass of unemployed who are only saved from star- vation by public or private charity, increases at an alarming rate. The resources of the districts which are affected by the stoppage are already taxed to the uttermost, and a prolonged continu- ance of the strife will almost necessitate Govern- mental interference. This being the case it would certainly be well for the coal-owners to pay heed to a few warning words which appeared in the "Daily News" the other day. "The National industries exist," says this influential Liberal newspaper "in the last resort for the nation. If those who hold the stewardship of them cannot save us from horrors like those of the past week, their privileges will surely pass into other hands. The last word has not been said on the public management of the collieries, or on industrial co- operation in that branch of labour among the workers themselves."

The House IT was not the unexpected that ofhap- Lards and pened on Friday night last week— Home Rule, or, rather, early on Saturday morning—when tho HO-use of Lords threw out the Home Rule Bill. That their lordships had screwed their courage up to the point of refusing the Bill a second reading was universally known beforehand. There was some curiousity shown as to the voting, but it cannot be said that there was much surprise at the largeness of the majo- rity against the Bill, the voting being forty-one for, and four hundred and nineteen against. Everybody knows that when the unrepresentative Chamber ventures upon rejecting a measure of reform it does it with all its heart. And, besides, on this occasion there had been a special " whip- up." Many peers voted who are so little inte- rested in the affairs of the country, and so negli- gent in the discharge of their duties, that they never took their seats this session till the debate on Home Rule began. The action of the House of Lords has, however,—as pointed eut in a mani- festo issued this week by the National Liberal Federation—an important bearing on the system.

of Parliamentary government. It brings us nearer the time when the question of the re-construction or the abolition of the House of Lords will be th 3 most pressing question of the day. The rejection of the Homo Rule Bill is one of those events which brings home to all friends of progress the disadvantages of entrusting the power of vetoing popular measures to a Chamber that is perman- ently Tory and reactionary. In spite of the vote of the Lords the political situation is full of en- couragement to all true Liberals. To further quote the stirring language of the manifesto re^ ferred to, "The Ministry is strong, its supporters in Parliament are loyal, the programme is sound- Our opponents have played their last stake, and if we proceed with courage and deterrninationyne only will the Irish question be settled, but a real era of reform will be entered upon for the dog" cracy of the United Kingdom."

How behind the times sorae Curiosities of the folks are I We are told in th Post Office. e annual report which has beef issued by the Post-master General that one onto the two thousand millions of letters which were sen! through the post during the year was addressee to JACOB STAINER, Esq., violinmaker, Abse°' Germany. The postal authorities, as usual, endev voured to do all that was expected of them bY delivering this letter, but all their efforts wet° futile, and after making full inquiries they wer6 under the necessity of returning the letter to the sender with the information that HERR STAISI had been dead two hundred years. The Fla Office deals with between three and four hundr millions of parcels in the year, and in regard to of)! of these parcels it was reported that " a piece white metal" had elropped out of it. It was sitef wards ascertained that this was the identical bar of unwrought silver which had been sent fr°,1,61 Australia to be used in making the key with ',%e the QUEEN opened the Imperial Institute. are told, too, that nD fewer than thirty-two 01.° sand letters had been posted without bel addressed, and of these letters nearly two thouse% contained cash, bank notes and cheques to tilt value altogether of five thousand pounds. 11161 young woman who is reported to have "Isaid °

write this out afresh; I don't want IVlrs----; to see this untidy telegram," had evidently notion of how the telegraph does its work. •

Postmaster-General sometimes receives very fidential letters. This was one that was sent him by a woman in Nebraska : _ „a•

For the London General Postmaster City of 11; don old England.—Dear Sir,—l am Living in j5°,7A America and have Lost all tiack of my Faretns enclosed you a Portgraf of a young man that is„ii the Post Office who was going to marrie youngest sister by name--About 3 years you would kindly hunt the original of the ri‘cir"„"sf out and Let him write me it he knows the Abouts of My Sisters or Brothers Mother and Fet-nd Mrs--who was living in Alls burry Bucks 80g1,.313-is 3 years ago. Dear Sir if you will kindly 1)°,.," 1 favour I will think you are very kind in Dee-- remain yours very restit J _ -onst

It is a compliment to the resources of the PT; Office " that this favour " was done, and that t- ' woman in Nebraska was placed' in conurnlca ull tions with the relatives of whom she had " Icist track."

Ix' seems thdt the Bisnor The Miners dealt' and the Bishop.WAKEFIELD is having a good of say with regard to the strike hi miners, but his intervention is not welcomed the colliers at all events. "The BISHOP of v, vir iro FIELD is," said a representative Yorksb "striker" to the correspondent of a London paper, "jawing away about arbitration iv him mind his own business. How would llePh, if we arbitrated about his wages? Would or wipe away a tear with the corner of his apronfish would he flare up like any other sinner? lawges, the Bishop had to depend on me for his W ore I should see to it that he got something reo useful to do than to arbitrate about other pe°l7o), wagesifl am only worth twenty-six shillings g °ids (when I can get it), is the Brsnor of VfrAlavi'ao worth all them thousands a year? I say 130 ID 1 in England is worth a thousand a YeB3 joi don't care who he is, but he is not, nn ‘ can't be worth a thousand a year miners are worth no more than what i've Lei This honest coal-getter could scarcely have more cruel if he had talked about the "Iroo t 136 of " supply and demand" in connection remuneration of of the Bishops. That there i 9 P" ground for the fear expressed by the eor iS pondent that Yorkshire miners have 0;00 poor opinion of the Episcopal Bench is evl 0 take from the conversation reported as having place amongst a few of the miners. "The 9,;5b0r" are a useless lot. Their faces don't get Waillyfor ours do from poverty. I don't want to starve beir but I should like to knock 40 per cent. off tooo pay, I should." "There would be a howl, ivoll there." " Aye, lad, thee'rt reet." DEACON-ROAD BAPTIST CHAPEL, Wlo°llo° At a special meeting of members of the 10' church, it was unanimously resolved to inVit:aSt9r Edward Lloyd Jones (Warrington) to becotne r of the church and he has consented. 1001: EVANS' ANNUAL S. HOW of Furs, Fur-trinlineciA foll° Cloaks. &e., will commence en Wednesday next &fl- ing days.—Arlet. Ale RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUB.—CROXIPTO•• FERREL. TO BRADFORD. mitiCorwil At the meeting of the Committee of Football Club on Tuesday night, the prinClP'de j-3ct for consideration was an applicatioa to b J. H. Crompton, the centre three•quarter, e transferred to the Bradford Club. titer slotiet't cussion it was agreed to advise the Cheshire reggre ' Committee to grant the transfer, and the roe will come under consideration at the couel ing on Monday evening, in Liverpool. 0000ert GARDEN SEATS.-GARLAND, Manufacturing Irol' Warrington. sv/009 A MAN'S HAND BLOWN OFF AT A WEDDING. On iceddl On Wednesday morning during sore% festivities at at Burtonwood, a young eaa-r of Rothwell, was firing a canon off in honoll he 13.80, event, when owing to some rsismap,emee!;uslY one of his hands blown off, and was serias tiMa lured in other Darts of his body. Helo borne in a very serious condition, and Ire, dole 0, was summoned at once, everything e'13,.100s C°llo alleviate his sufferings. He is still in a e'e'ti" rse dition, and is under the care of a trained 11 resides at Burtonwood. a J'Scßie,till'l: EVANS' ANNUAL SNOW of Furs, Fur-trimme- Cloaks, ac.. to.. will commence on Wednesday uelt 5 lug days.—Advt. THEFT OF BREAD BY COLLIEUS' aat tl)he A collier named Ralph Hart was ehergeday Witr, Warrington Occasional Court on Wednes _rt of j stealing a four lb. loaf from the bread .cfaer sn'a Thompson, Earlestown, on Tuesday. Fri_seu_ eecti„. two other colliers are alleged to have four pound loaf out of the bread cart Thompson, Earlestown, while standing etl2'„„edins Chapelbouse Inn, at Burtonwood. The pr_Wther,t; were witnessed by Mr. G. Houghton, teLeroed t, the landlord of the public-house,and he !at.' ediatetii _ man in charge of the bread cart, who trir.,enderri; gave chase. The companions of Hart yulie lotolt aYi 111 le grjt the loaves, but the prisoner decamptet. consequently OccasionalqutlyarrescteodurthyoPn.Cw. GerdunnedsdyPi to a, where he was remanded to the Warringn"bis Session.—Prisoner was admitted to bail o recognizance.

at aoi to

It th " at tni dii

th( bq tff tff

Co. tity, ttidi COT Tb( ere, he 1 bac kt I let tea Iv cea

04 grE fity th(

rna th, 134 W. ittf le,

Del Ja:

1.191 k

.

tl; 1?( (V ac P 1 hE

Di 111 it, lal

us nearer [struction ill be tba rejection Ise events vress the A vetoing ; perman- the, vote ull of en- a further Afesto re- upporters is sound' take, and Lation,not but a reel ;he demo-

nes soro Id in the has been one out of were sent addressed

f ity rtli Iginf4oo pare that marrie tars Bgcre be eear 8 the.,l:),her

and Fatu'A k 8 Englari.`; ly P°

the Ft i that d " lost -

Broor ood deal t 6; strike fe 31COMed Of SVAllf Yorksbio

Ilion 1/3 ,tlodn uiii. Would boer 9 aprolko r ?

lige° itionso

5,050009 9 lc 0t,1330 lan aO4 our Da t b 63 'tr °•LuslY leo s toY,c) Ica' 510 le dolle ft, ng 3rjOOS 110 atirse

Iset'th Led It'elloir tBllot°

s. zed daY "f car °' d ort h len efie'r, 0f) ataiCl6•C g 5 rocu,4 I fail, tbe • oro3ecl edi tell oaderes irrife wet U worry:l:6r to bis

===== 0002601_18930916_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
HENRY MILLING AND CO. LTD. Beg to state that they have always in stock HARRIS'S GENUINE , WILTAIII RE -BACON. BRANDBD. Customers may rely on HARRIS'S BACON being -T-3- supplied if ordered. 11- EMIT MILLING. AND COMPANY, LIMITED, MERCHANT, • WARRINGTON.

-.--.-.--

GOLD MEDAL DIETETIC TEAS.

SPECIALLY RECOMMENDED TO DYSPEPTIC. eat boon to any who have been denied the use of other teas by their Medical Advisers. HENRY MILLING & CO, LTD

MERCHANTS. W ARRIN groN.

LOCAL NEWS.

THEFT OF A WATCH AT RUNCORN. trk_t yu. ncorl Police Court on Thu rsd iy, before Mr. unarm and Mr. Handley, George Robinson, aged 17 Yflears, was charged with stealing a silver watch value 4, the Property of Hare Inglesfield, Heath-road. The er had lodged with the prosecutor, and on the ,`, Birkenhea !th be decamped with the watch, which he had sold "" d: The Bench decided to deal with the pri- e°tier under ths First Offenders Act, and bound him over to annear for judgment when called upon. )3tth en in vvant of a CHASTE and ELEGANT WEDDING or —4I)IY PRF.SENT. to.Pritrenares. 51, High-st.—Advt. SUDDEN DEATH AT RUNCORN. con Tuesday afternoon, Mr. Peter Littlemore, of 13, Tia.ttwright-st., Runcorn, aged 45 years, died suddenly, deceased was proceeding along the canal bank of with is Bridgewater Canal' towards the railway station, h .. kw, wile and friends, when, he became very ill. Dr. th "°llf.tall was fetched, and after being seen by him 'are. lila" was carried to his home. Immediately after "e expired. Mr. Littlemore had been under 7-kW ,attendance for some time, suffering from heart ilease, to 'which cause his death is attributed. Jost, R PRITeRAiti), 51, High-street, Runcorn, keeps "CIieLES 10 suit all sights. -from a shilling a • air .--Ad ST P Th ' --•DWARD'S CATHOLIC CHURCH, RUNCORN. thnrCbe fifth anniversary of the opening of the above ta took place on Sunday. The sacred edifice was flosterullY decorated with a profusion of plants and ewers ho f the event In the evening an elo- mien, honour e • • t sermon was preached by the Rev. Father Dallow, b Pton Convent' Birkenhead. Benediction was cele- baradtehd by the Rey. Father Johnson, of Appleton, who thr sea recently ordained. • There was a Procession ta °ugh the church, in which the acolytes and the Wenibers of the League of the Cross joined. The rear lo III: brought up' by the Revs. Dr. Gastaldi, Father Dal. and Father Johnson. et rra PRITCHARD Watchmaker and Jeweller, 51, High "coml.—Advt. 1(.11.9.eX1NG DEATH OF A YOUNH SAILOR Al' RUNCORN. • iwerday afternoon, Mr. J. E. Worsley, coroner, held 1304(111:st at the Burial Board office, Runcorn, on the 5' John D McNeill aged 21 years, an able seaman lvie• 'fard the schooner, :J. Milton, of Bristol, at present Ca :in Fenton Dock. On Wednesday morning, the th (Jamei David Nurse) sent the deceased to '• stow and while he was thus engaged he fell from the eft -sPrit, in, the dock and sank without making an effo°rttt: His body was recovered in eight minutes but all to produce animation failed. The Captain but ed the jury that deceased was an expert swimmer as subject to fits, and in his opinion he had been ret"e with a fit, when he fell into the water.—The jury rned a verdict of" Accidental death." • PlirrcuAan's, 51. High-street. Runcorn, for the best • GuINEA. WITCH a workingman can have.—Advt. •r,w HARVEST THANKSGIVING AT RUNCORN. -ta, • . vest sewing services for the ingatheringof the bar- in u Was held at several places of worship n Runcorn '3att-o.:'l2l.daY. At Holy Trinity Church the Rev. W. Hodg- Dr— y.loar of Widnes, and the Rev. W. Stanton Jones s ir.nened to large congregations. The volunteer band tountLer„ed several selections at the evening service. The -- etbesdooa ti was on behalf of the curates fund.—At Congregational Church the Rev. J. Simpson 113 a IPeacued to a large congregation on " A Parable of the The Row rvest • choir rendered special anthems. A , /a er service was held at the Mariner's Church, ane "n Sunday afternoon. The Rev. A. Riley delivered on address. special services were conducted at the vtrel Mission Union Hall by Mr. T. Booth and Mr: J. pv;er• The various sacred edifices were decorated with aetables flowers and fruit. 14111.reaaim's have now stood the test for fifty years, and ~Ilviet.tY and first-class workmanship are still guaranteed.— , a 'RUNCORN MAN KILL'', AT LOSTOCK GRALAM. ~,`_lai.,:c.cident which has unfortunately had a fatal ter- chnem, niceaclurzdritast, ne sv vs resa nßp sodwa my an afternoonT h u rnp, stohne, veined. tim bei •ng Samuel Pindlow, aged 30, a married man re- siding in Oreenall-road, Witton, hut hailine from Run- Porn. Finlow, wile was a joiner employed by Mr. Thomas McCulloch, contractor, was engaged in the erection of a new bleaching chamber. It appears that ;le had bcen conversing with his mate, and in stepping back ward sfl between a plank and a sill a distance of at least 20 feet, his head coming in contact with the pro- ting brick work of the base of the column. He was removed to the offices, and Dr. Joynson was sent for, unt on his arrival the poor fellow had succumbed. De- teased leaves a widow and two children. • ST. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHAPEL, RUNCORN. "le anniversary of the Sunday School was celebrated ci'sn_Sundav, when the Rev. J. Puleston Jones, M.A., of I.a':gor, preached two eloquent sermons to crowded con- The choir rendered several anthems in good Ile the r•James Richardson presiding at the organ. In e;rnoon the service of song, " Lucy, the Peace- e7 was given by the choir and the scholars under th e )34t ad ership of Mr. J.E.Warbutton. Solos were contri- Wed by Mrs. Temperley and MISS Hayes. Mr. E. ad3ciwle-Humphreys read the narrative. An appropriate leetrss was delivered by Mr. Pulestnn Jones. The col- • - were in aid of the school funds.—On Tuesday thnirng an interesting gathering in Connection with the Nil of this church took place. A large number of Partook of an excellent tea, after which an jahle evening was spent under the presidency of Mr. tioi'llles Pritchard. Afterwards the choir rendered two c sevefe,lll, 8. A mandolin and guitar band performed lad't selections. Songs were interpreted by several es and gentlemen. FoNt ,On Nlit" OE MR. JAMES DIINEABIN, OF WESTON. ultb'e "day afternoon the funeral of Mr. James Dun- of Old Hall Palm, Weston, took place at the Run- el/3 etery. Deceased, who was 65 years of age. was „ W.,sll.it' • h -°wri. having resided in the district for 55 years. for tiel Ran farming in the village about the year 1859, and node: last 24 years had occupied the Old Hall Farm, Deet4:,,t ior John Cavendish Orred. He was highly res- Wem4 a large number of friends. He was a devoted about. an, having been a member of the local chapel for to 40 years. Four sons and three daughters are left nen7nrn his loss. The funeral was attended by a large the fo7 of friends and neighbours, among whom were biz'abih g—Messrs. William Dunbahin, James Don- -ofluel Donbabin, John Dunhabin (sons), Wm. IVC'est rn• Griffiths, Thomas Griffiths, Thomas Ford John Thomas Ford (Higher Runcorn), James Ford, ,I)ritc,',.ohcrts, Edward Aaron, Samuel Walker, Robert nears'e"ePh Parker, James Balhand J. F.Moulton. The relesvarWras Supplied by Mr. S. Yarwood ; and four rie- "Ynm deceased bore the coffin to the grave,where the tuoriti“ There is a land of pure delight," was sung. The by, liZr„,` ti,ervice was performed by the Rev. James Han- '`steYan minister, Halton. want t to Pa wATen REPAIRED by skilled workmen r rTnr ean's.—Advt AND FUNERAL OF MR. LEATHWOOD OF Afte of ,r an ill RUNCORN. ness of three weeks Mr. William Leathwood ,Tues,L4-street, Runcorn, succumbed to typhoid fever on L'eerk f7:l ening. For many years the deceased has Vaa hi cornart blacksmith at Camber Works, where he • innghlY respected by his fellow workmen. Be was a p tewa'"ently identified with the Wesleyan body in the • :r,an,ol took an active art both in the affairs of St. and Brunswick School. He was an ar- taia,cittPDorter of the Band of Hope. He had only at- ,Ciernetnthe age of 53. The funeral took place in the Zsted ,`l:7 (4-1 of afternoon. The procession con- - ble :-•-• ejt Priends' school teachers, the members of the hitch ass taught by , him the junior society class (of to dCS was leader), members of the Rose and Sharon ot the Grand United .Order of Ocldfellows, tho uweren6and then tha mourners. Among those resent anby"° Revs. T. Wilkes, W. Arrowsmith, and. J. •.ose ; Messrs. S. Pope and J. Holford (representing ger aged at Hazlehurst's works), Captains ea fl„,Da.vies Dr. Robinson Messrs. W. Littler. T. •Pile' ut; " • Woodland, S. Raveriscroft, John Temperley, pa.l,-. Thomas Boote, S. Williamson, D. _ ',ball', • Kniveton, S. Coventry, R. Norman, T, Lunt, Crem'a Littler, Clifford-le-Couteur' T. Crosby, B. ~,A• B. Yai A• Riley P Leathwood, Jabez Unsworth. -,orman • Norman, James Lea, J,D. Jones, D. , , william Kirkham, J. Higgins, T. Leach, ju_n, 510134 e "; T. Wood, Robert Rowlandson, T. &mister, I. ,(War-i„lbli T. Bowyer, R. Morris, H. Hughes, Stringer yddft-rng''°ll), and H. E. Annett. The officers of the r..ns "chlesel—ws lodge in attendance were Bros. Edward Dtesie tee, John Hindlev, president, Jos Jones, past Oi W lifassey, vice-president. The St. Paul's r %paunt a also largely represented. The service was y th s,',ed b - e Rev, gentleman named, and the Rev. • ser uelivered a brief address. Bro E.Jones read ;011evine connected with the order of Oddfellows. The ingetetfechile°rw.-workmen with the deceased acted as aroe''esl inMessrs. T. Crawford, E. Jones, J. Joyce, and

===== 0002601_18930916_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
HILTON WESLEYAN CIIORCH. On Sunday and Monday harvest thanksgiving services were conducted in the Wesleyan Chapel, Elalton. Tim Church had been very prettily decorated, and copious donations of vegetatles and fruit had been artistically arranged, the whole effect being very harmonious and pleasant. A service of song was rendered in the after- noon by the choir, Mr. T. R. Frith, of Runcorn, giving the connective readings. The preachers Were the Rev. T. Wilkes, of Runcorn, and the Rev. J. Hanby, of Hal- ton, who, on the Monday evening expounded the signi ficanco of " A handful of corn." The congregations were larger than aver, and the financial result has beaten the record by nearly £3. WARRINGTON' VOLUNTEERS. Friday's " Gazette " contained the following announcement :—lst Volunteer Battalion the Prince of Wales's Volunteers (South Lancashire Regiment); Captain J. C. Ridgway to be Major, dated o.:e September inst. UMBRELLAS RE-C3VERED.—J. andy. DUTTON, Warrington.—Advt. DEATH OF A GUARDIAN. Mr. William Fairclougt, of the Boarded Barn Farm, Burtonwood, a member of the Warrington, Board of Guardians, died on Tuesday morning from the effects of an apoplectic stroke, with which lie was seized on Sunday afternoon. Deceased, who was 68 years of age, leaves a family of five sons anti ' two daughters to mourn his loss. Ustinumtes na-coveunt..—.T. and W. DUTTON, Sankey-st. Warrington.—tiart. , MISSIONARY MEETING. A missionary meeting in aid of the funds of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts was held in St. Pa.tit's Infant School. Kendrick-st., on Monday evening. The chair wat. taken by the Rev. 11. V. Pigot, and several of the local clergy were also I)resent. A lecture,illustrated' by limelight views, was given by the Rev. H. M. Joseph, native missionary from Antigua. The lan- tern was manipulated by Messrs. J. and W.Chorley. There was a large attendance and the collection realised a satisfactory sum. EVANS' ANNUAL SIIOW Of Furs, Fur-trimmed Jackets. Cloaks, Sic., will commence on Wednesday next and ful.ow- ing days.—Advt. SANKEY SCHOOL BOARD. The first meeting of the newly-elected members of the Great Sankey School Board was held at Bewsey Chambers, on Saturday Morning. The Clerk (Mr. Samuel Sutton), announced that the Rev. B. S. Jackson. Captii'm Ridgway, and Mr. W. P. Skelton had been elected members of the Board for the ensuing year.—The Rev. E. Si' Jackson pro- posed the re-election of Captain Ridgvvay as cher- man,ancl spot e in high terms o:: his efficiency.—Mr. Skelton pe 'ended the motion which was. heartily agreed tb.—Captain Ridgway replied.—Mr. Jackson proposed and Captain Ridgway seconded, the election of Mr. Skelton as vice-chairman, which was carried.—Mr. Wright and Mr. William Hough- ton were.elected to fill the two vacancies now ex- isting on the Board. Laws Tassis.—G.LIILAND, Ironmonger, Warrington and Earlestown. THE WARRINGTON TRADES AND LABOUR COUNCIL. The monthly meeting of the above council was held on Tuesday, at the Horsemarket-at. Cocoa Rooms. A further appeal from the miners was taken into consideration, and several societies have remitted subscriptions to their relief fund. The bakers have sent £3; the wire drawers .£3; and a few painters and cleaners Ss. 61. The local file- smiths society have granted El per week for six weeks, should the strike continue. If prolonged beyond that period, to consider the question again of another grant. The prevailing distress in the town was di3cusBed to endeavour to bring about some means to alleviate those who are affected by the coal strike. One suggestion was, that the secretary commun;cAte with the chairmen of the different committees of the Corporation with a view to employing more men on public works, &c. The council being of the opinion that they are alleviat- ing the distress in that direction, but consider some- thing further might be done to assist those in immediate need. TRAVELLING TRITNKS.—J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-st., Warrington. STRANGE SUICIDE AT SANKEY BRIDGES. On Sunday morning, a person named John Wil- liamson was walking along the bank of the Sankey and St. Helens Canal, in Sankey Bridges when he observed a man's hat nailed to a stump on the tow- ing path. This caused him to look into the -canal' when he saw a man in the water about four yards from the bank, with his face downwards. Mr. Wil- liamson got assistance and the body was pulled out and taken to the Black Horse Inh. The man was quite dead at the time. On inquiries being made it was found that the deceased was Joseph Eccles, painter, of 11, Ernest-street, Warrington. The inquest was held by Mr. S. Brighouse, on Tuesday, at the Black Horse Inn. The evidence of the deceased's wife showed that deceased got up at six o'clock on Sunday morning, and told her that he was going "mushrooming." She never saw him again alive. He was 37 years of age. He had been drinking for fourteen weeks, and had done no work during that time. He had said on Friday that he would drown himself if be did not get better, and had been in a very nervous state for some time.— Mr. Williamson gave evidence as to the finding of the body, and the jury returned a verdict of "Suicide whilst temporarily insane."

===== 0002601_18930916_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
CROFT HORTICULTURAL EXIIIMTION. The ninth annual exhibition in connection with the Croft Horticultural Society was held in the Board Schools, Croft, on Saturday, by permission of the trustees of the school and members of the School Board. The Rev. H. I. Wadeson, rector, was the president, Mr. James Shaw chairman of the committee, which consisted of Messrs. W. Fazaker- ley, E. Monks, T. Abbey. W. Sanderson, N. Taylor, jun., J. Worthington, James Green, and G. Hatton ; Mr. John Sanderson acted as hon. treasurer, and Mr. Cawthorne the hon. secretary for the year. There was a large number of entries. The quality of the plants exhibited was fair, whilst the cut flowers had been somewhat damaged with stormy weather at the end of last week, and the exhibits in this class were not as numerous as in previous years. The fruit and vegetable classes contained some ex- cellent specimens. The• judge for the best culti- vated and neatest cottage garden was Mr. R. Harri- son, gardener to Mr, T. J. Gillespie, of Newton; and for the exhibits Mr. Harrison and Mr. Jackson, gar- dener to Mr. Smith, of Brookside House, Newton, whose awards gave general satisfaction, Ths opening ceremony was performed by the presi- dent. RvAisis' ANNUAL Snow of Furs, Fur-trimmed Zackets, Cloaks, &e., will commence on Wednesday next, and follow- ing daye.—Adrt. WARRINGTON PRIMROSE LEAGUERS PICNIC. A picnic promoted by the Warrington Habitation of Primrose League was held on Saturday afternoon, when about 450 persons proceeded to Frodsham. Tl-e party made their way to Mersey View where dancing was kept up to the strains of an excellent band, conducted by Mr. Percy Randall. Tea was afterwards partaken of. Mr. Robert Pierpoint, M.P., appeared on the scene about five o'cclocl:, and he was heartily cheered. He afterwards delivered a speech on political topics from the band I,,latform. Mrs. Reynolds (ruling councillor), presided, and amongst those present were Mr. S. Reynolds, the Misses Reynolds, Mrs. Joseph Harrison, Miss Atkin- son, Mr. A. Morris Wyatt, Councillor and Mrs. Smethurst, Mr. John Roberts, Councillor Shaw, Mr. Thomas Mason, Miss White, Miss Bolton, Mrs. Geary, Mrs. Pilling, Mr. and Mrs. Auckland, Mr. C. H. Ward, Mr. J. Houghton, Mr. and Mrs. R. John- son, Mr. Robert Chadwick, and the following gentlemen who were responsible for the days ar- rangeme ate—Messrs. George Pilling. R. T.Dainteth, L. A. Voisey (hon. treasurer), and C. H. Wood (hon. secretary). Mr. Pierpoint having been thanked for his address, dancing was resumed, and the party reached Warrington shortly before nine o'clock.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
TITF, KVA MIND?, SATUPPAY., SEPTEMBER 16. 1893.

THINGS REA RD AND SEEN AT

WIDNES TOWN COUNCIL.

The monthly meeting was held at the Town Hell on Tuesday alterneon. The Mayor (Alderman Goseage) presided, and there were present Aldermen Sadler, WilliaMeon, Councillors Davies, h'. I. Neil', Shuttleworth, Bullough, Smith, Carney. Singleton, Quinn, Gough, O'Donnell, Barlow, I todgkinson, christie; 11. S. Oppenheim (town clerk), T. Craik (assistant clerk), S. lloyle (accountant); I. Carr (engineer). J. S. Sinclair (surveyor), Dr. O'Keeffe (medical officer), and W. Lowe (nuisance inspector).i

. . ' lie said Mr. Carr wah doing all in his power to alleviate the distress, by employing 50 men three days s week.— I Counciltor Davies seconded.—Councillor Quinn inquired, if the Committee had any information that Mr. Taylor contractor for the gas tank bad sublet a portion of the brick work. As that a portion of the brick work was defective and the water was ozing through.—Councillor Bnllough said neither the Engineer nor the Cotnmittee had any information of subletting. They had every con- fidence in Mr. Taylor and had seen nothing to abate that confidence.As to the defect there was nothing that would ; cause the Committee to ask the cunt, actor to upset that, portion of the work. The dampness was doubtless due to the porosity of the bricks,—The minutes were adopted,

'GENERAL PURPOSES COMMITTEE-. . This committee reported with regard to the train ser- vice that there had been received a letter, Aug. 14,1893, frcrn Mr. J. Shaw, L. and N.-W. Railway, stating that the question of putting on additional trains between St. Helens and Widnes had had the very careful considera- tion of the directors of the company, and that they could dot see their way to accede to the wishes of the committee. Resolved—That the consideration thereof be deferred until the next meeting. The minutes were 'adopted on the motion of Councillor Davies, seconded by Councillor Christie.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
I LIINCORN.

BY AN OCCASIONAL CORIIESPONDENT.

Typhoid fever has been epidemic in Widnes for some time past and the 11.alth .Committee of the Corporation have held an inquiry into the cause.' The result of their investigation leads them to the conclusion that though climatic conditions have aided in the generation of the disease, the in- sanitary state of numerous hack passages had' 'Played a great part in causing tlit outbreak. Brought actions should follow such a finding as this and the black spots made as white as possible The Infectious Diseases Hospital is at present crowded with persons suffering from the disease, and Alderman Williamson, brought forward several , serious charges he had heard with rtsftect to the managerns.nt ofthat institution. It is satisfactory to know that the Health Committee hare decided to make an investigation into the allegations which in the interests alike of the staff and of the patiehts ought to be sifted to the bottom.

The appeal for subscriptions in aid of the distress in Widnes has met with a gratifying response. To their credit be it said, the working men et present employed are contributing - about two-thirds of the weekly subscriptions and it is true as ever that the greatest helpers of the poor in adversity are the poor themselves. The relief is being effectively distrib.ited by the Committee in the shape of soup and hot hots, and-no family need he without ope good meal a day. There are also private gentlemen who are providing dinners daily for those in need.

From the proceedings at the meeting of Runcorn Burial Board, on Wednesaay, it would appear that the cemetery field is not available for the purpose ,of a recreation ground, to whicl. use the Board of , Commissioners desired to apply it. At best this ' could have been but a temporary expedient, and the question had better be fairly and squarely faced new. Of the need of such a place there can be no two opinionstand it is a question for the ratepayers to decide whether they are willing to bear the bur- den its acquirement would entail. Could the free- holders be induced to invest their rights in the Commissioners, the Common might be utilised with great advantage, and at small cost. An effort wa., made in this direction some years ago, but a majo- rity of the ,freeholders were not in favour of such a course. Perhaps a change of feeling has taken place, and no harm could come of canvassing these gentlemen once more.

No labour and no expeLse are being spared to make the coming season ot the Runcorn Musical Society of the most successful character. The popu- lar taste will be well catered for by the arrange- ment of two miscellaneous concerts, but the chief effort of the season will be expended in the tiro- duction of that magnificent creation of, liandel's " Samp,on," for which there will be a full band and chorus. The production of Mr. Crossley's cantata "Adele "at a later concert will also be an event of more than ordinary interest.

The Commissioners' election which was brought to a conclusion on Thursday last week, excited deeper and more lasting interest than any previous election of recent times. The RatepayerkAssocia- tion did good service by organising public meet- ings and inducing the candidates to give expres- sion to their ideas on public questions, and to in- dicate how they would ask when the moment for decision arrived. It is for the advantago of all that the people and their representatives should be brought face to face as often as possible for the calm and deliberate consideration ,of questions, whether affecting sanitary requirements finance, or water supply. Such a.course not only widens the knowledge of the people, but must act as an incen- tive to the representatives to be more active in ad- ministering the law, and in forwarding schemes for the material and intellectual progress of the town. The acquisition of the waterworks for in- stance, *ll conduce greatly to the former: the Technical Institute when we have it erected will aid in the latter object.

The result of the contest will be gratifying to the Board of Commissioners from the fact that the three retiring members who sought to return their seats were successful. This fact would appear to show that the ratepayers are not se mindful of past ser- vices as we are sometimes lei to suppose. Mr. Imison who had the honour of heading the pall, a few votes in front of his friend Mr. Taylor, is an old and trusted representative ; therefore Mr. Collier is the only untried man, and he may rest assured that his career will be closely watched. It is a laudable ambition in a young man to desire to serve his town, and that Mr. Collier may have a long and honourable public career before him is the wish of those who cast their rotes in his favour, and doubt- less of those who did not.

-- Those who failed have our commiseration, but the way to public honours is studded with defects, and as hope rises eternal in the human breast ; courage for another fight will return when election time again arrives. There is one great cause for congratulation in the fact that probably the next election will be held under the Ballot 'Act instead of the present antiquated. cumbersome, and alto- gether unsatisfactory mode.

Since the election there has been considerable talk in certain quarters that politics largely entered into the contest. Of course there are people who can see politics in the mast ordinary actions of life. Mr. Imison in returning thanks after the declara- tion of-the poll said " Let me say this so that there may be no possible misunderstanding, don't let anybody claim this as a political victory. I know right well I have had scores, nay hundreds of votes from my Liberal friends; and my greatest enemy will be the man who tries to make it out that this has been a Tory victory. The Liberals have recog- nised that in this contest politics have no part." This may be considered an effective reply to those who state the opposite view.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIAGE OF MISS BROADHURST AND

MR. HAILWOOD AT RUNCORN.

A numerous audience assembled in Runcorn Parish Church on Tuesday afternoon to witness the marriage of Miss Martha Broadhurst, third daughter of the late Mr. William Broadhurst, High-street, Runcorn, and Mr. George Hailwood, son of Mr. William flailwood, `of Hailwood's Buildings, High- street, Runcorn. The Rev. Canon Maitland Wood, vicar, performed the ceremony. The bride was attired in an ivory Bengaline silk, trimmed with lace, and her head was adorned with a wreath of orange blossom,from which depended a flowing veil. In her hand she carried a bouquet of white tuber roses and lilies and maiden hair ferns. The bridesmaids were Miss Alice Broadhurst (sister) and Miss Lillie Henshaw (cousin), and these young ladies wore dresses of French grey Crepe de Chine, trimmed with white Bengaline, with large black velvet picture hats with white plumes. They carried bouquets of white marguerites and maiden hair ferns. The bride was given away by her brother, Mr. James Broadhurst, while Mr. Percy Ford acted as best man. The other groomsman was Mr. Thomas Ford. The bridal party and guests were conveyed to and from church in six carriages and pairs from the establishment of Messrs. Yarwood Bros. Subsequently luncheon was partaken of at the residence of Mr. Thomas Ford, of Weston, uncle of the bride. For the accommodation of the numerous guests a marquee had been erected in the orchard and 1 the catering was entrusted to Mr. Wood of Bold-street, Liverpool. Amongst those present were Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Ford, Mrs. Broadhurst, Mr. Broadhurst, Miss ' Alice Broadhurst, the Misses Hailwood. Mr. Percy and Mrs. Thomas Ford, Mrs. Cooper, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Cooper (Buxton), Miss Cooper (New Mills), Mr. and Mrs. Hatch and family, Mr. and Mrs. Venables (Rostherne), Miss Venables (Bolton), Miss Jones (Bolton), Mr. and Mrs. Henshaw (Didsbury), Mrs. Henshaw (Lymm), Mr. Harry Henshaw, Mr. and Mrs. E. Imison, Mr..and Mrs. Bridgewater, Mr. and Mrs. Sill, Mrs. Kirkham (Weston), Mr. and Mrs. Kenwright, Messrs. Pennington, Miss Meen, Miss Collier and Miss Lillie Collier. The usual felicitations were accorded to the young married couple, who during the afternoon departed for North Wales.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
---4 - PENKETM

---- ENTERTAINMENT.—On Monday evening last, Professor Wyman of Widnes, gave an entertainment in the Board Sshools, Sankey. The programme was composed of con- juring feats, ventriloquial oddities, and a most amusing sketch the " Shadowgraph." The tricks were capitally performed and the way the Professor worked his figures proved that he was a perfect master of his art. There was only a moderate attendance. Mr. C. H. Hope gave some pianoforte solos during the evening.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHIP CANAL.

THE CANAL ANI7.) THE COAL STRIKE. The Manchester Ship Canal Company, which has been using, when in full work, 10,000 tons of coal per month, is now importing large quantities of Scotch coal. Three steamers discharged at Saltport last week, and other vessels are expected this week. Failing these supplies, the Company had arranged to have their requirements met from the German and Belgian coalfields.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HIGHWAY AND BUILDINGS CONIIIIITEE..

This committee submitted the following minutes :—, Byelaws—Public Health Acts (Amendment) Act, 1890— Draft byelaws relating to (1) telegraph and other wires, (2) the management of sanirery cenVeniences, (3) decent conduct of persons using sanitary conveniences, (4) new streets and buildings, (5) nuisances ill coaneetion with the removal of offensive or noxious amttere, (8) the pre- vention of danger for whirligigs, &c., (7) the alteration of buildings submitted and considered. Reselyed that such byelaws, with the exception- of those relating to new streets and Buildings, be approved as now altered, and that the further consideration of the byelaws relat- ing to new streets and buildings be adjourned to enable the Committee to ascertain the Views of the master builders of the towe thereon._ Gorsey-lane—Resolved-- That the plan now submitted on behalf of Sir Richard Brooke for the straightening of Gcrsey-lane be approved, subject to Sir Richard Bsooke undertaking to fill up the ditches and to fence the roadway bathe satis- faction of the corporation. Publit Improvement Works —Victoria-road Sewer—Resolved—That the Surveyor ! prsceed forthwith wits the sewerire, of Victoria-road, between Witt-road and Moor-lane, as shown upon plan ! submitted at an estimated cost ot £ll2. Bradley Foot- path—lt having been reported to the Committee that an ! encroachment and obstruetion had been made upon thi3 footpath Resolved—That the Town Clerk write bathe o vner of the' obstructien requesting the immediate removal thereof, and that in default of oompliance with such request, the Surveyor be instructed to remove the same at the expense of the owner. Bricks— letter, August 18th inst., from Messrs. Phillips ! and Reay, with reference to the class of bricks specified in the Corporation contracts, read and considered. Resolved that the Borough Surveyor be instructed to allow the use of local hand made bricks in substitution for machine Made bricks in connection with all existing contracts, if the former are found to be of good quality and suitable for the work. Building plans.—The fol- lowing plans submitted by the surveyor :—One house in Milton-read, for Mr. James Hulme, approved. New street and passages off I.2werhouse-lane, for Mr. James Hulme disapproved./ Workshop in Croft-st., for Mr. W. G. Bucknall, workshop ix Widnes-road, for Mr. A. Edwards, disapproved. Alderman Sadler ,moved the adoption Of the minutes and said the committee were finding employment for about 180 men who were out of work. . These were averaged about two days a week.— Mr. Shuttleworth seconded. In reply to questions, Alderman Sadler said the improvement of the lighting of West Band Ward was in the hands of the gas engineer. There was practically no difference in the price of hand made and machine made bricks.—Councillor Davies said the Committee had placed a crossing in Hewitt-lane. He thought it was a waste of rnoney.—Alderman Sadler said the crossing was in exactly the place needed when the street was made 38 feet wide.—Councillor Davies said plans had been passed by the Local Board allowing build- ing right up to the land.—Alderman Sadler. said these had lasped by time.—Councillor Davies denied this. he Town Clerk said he would require time before giving a decision in the matter. The minutes were then passed.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
HEALTH COMMITTEE.

The Health Committee reported that 12 pigs suffering from swine fever had been slaughtered, and the owners paid half the value amounting to Ll 5 ss.—Typhoid Fever —The Committee having considered the reports 'f the Medical Officer of Health and Inspector of Nuisances with respect to the prevalence of typhoid fever in the Borough are of opinion that, whilst the recent outbreak is pri- marily attributable to the peculiar climatic influences of the present year, nevertheless the uncompleted state of want of sewers in large numbers*, of new streets and passages in the Borough assist very greatly in develop- ing the causes giving rise to the disease, and the Com- mittee are further of opinion that if such streets and pas- sages were properly completed and sewered the liability to similsr outbreaks would in the future be materially lessened.—Jfedical Officer's report—The Medical Officer repotted that during the past month there were 105 births and 73 deaths, being at the rate of 42.0 and 292 per 1,000 respectively. Twenty-seven deaths occurred amongst children under one year, and 18 amongst chil- dren between one and five years, Zymotic diseases caused 22 deaths. Notifications has been received as follows :—Diphtheria 8, enteric fever 49, erysipilas 7, membranous croup 2, puerperal fever 2, scarlet feVer 3, total 71. Although, adds the doctor, the death rate Is still far above the Widnes average, it is slightly lower this month than in June and July. The number of deaths from zymotic diseases,especiallytyphoid fever is still large cases of typhoid fever notified cottinue to be numerous. As the disease is fairly evenly distributed all over the town it is probably chiefly caused' by atmospheric in- fluences, such as the decompositiosi products of animal and vegetable matter due to the high temperature cir- culating in the atmosphere. We have had eight cases of diphtheria during the month,and it is likely that,but fot the change in the weather, a serious outbreak might have occurred. I regret to have to state that one of the nurses at the Fever Hospital was attacked by typhoid fever,and unf ort u nately succumbed. I have frequently visited both hospitals, and as usual, have found the management and attendance excellent. The Medical Officer of Health not being present at the meeting,it was resolved that his absence be recorded upon the minutes of the cOmmittee. It was reported that there were now 25 persons in the hospital suffering from typhoid fever, and most of them were convalescenc.—Councillor U. I. Neil moved the confirmation of the minutes. The fever was abating slightly, and in a short time there would be a few beds to spare at the hospital. It would not,there- fore, he necessary to employ district nurses as had been contemplated.—Councillor Carney seconded.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MEDICAL OFFICER.

Councillor Smith asked what explanation the medical officer had to offer the Council with respect to his absence from the meeting of the Committee. Through his , absence the Committee were obliged to postpone impor- tant matters. It was time this farce was ended and a proper understanding come to.—Dr. O'Keeffe: I was en- gaged professionally.—The Mator : 1 think your reply should come through the Chairman of the Committee rather than personally.—Coancillor Neil said he could give no reply to Councillor Smith. EXTRAORDINARY ALLEGATIONS AGAINST THE HOSPITAL

===== 0002601_18930916_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
STAFF.

Alderman Williamson said there were remarks made in the town with reference to the Fever Hospital which should be investigated by the Committee. There were several complaints by patients. who had been is the hospital suffering from typhoid fever or small-pox that they had been insufficiently fed, and that they had had to perform duties there which were not required of them according to the regulations. In one case a patient after being out of bed for two days and in i_nother after being out of bed three days were sent into the washhousc at ten o'clock at .night to mangle and fold clothes. He did not think that was a duty which should be imposed upon any patient. The other complaint was entirely outside the duties, and was the washing of sick patients. This was a matter which should h attended to by the nurses and not by anyone, who hacr just recovered from such a serious illness as typhoid fever. He should like to know whether the Committee would ihquire into the matter. It was not right that the nurses should lie under the charges if they were not guilty, and on the other hand, if the hospital was not carried on competently the sooner it was and the better.—Councillor Neil said he was much surprised at these charges, and should like to ask the names of those who were responsible for the calumny. He referred the Council to the Medi- cal Officer's report, in which that gentleman said he found the management and attendance excellent. He (Mr. Neil) visited the hospital very frequently and he would not submit to anything being carried on at the hospital such as Mr. Williamson mentioned. (Hear, hear.) In the first place he declined to believe without ' good authority, that patients had ever been engaged in the washhouse or in washing patients ; with reference to , being insufficiently fed, the patients were fed accord• ing to the doctor's orders, and he hoped the medical rs:en would see that the patients were fed reasonably. His experience was that the patients when they left the hospital looked much better than ever they had pre- previously done iu their lives, or probably would again. (Laughter.) Alderman Williamson said he was prepared to place the names of those who had given information befere the Committee when they were inclined to take the matter up.—The minutes were carried.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
GAS AND WATER COMMITTEE:

The Engineer reported as follows :—Burst Water Main—During the past month have been eight burst mains, the most serious of which was the 16in, trunk main in Victoria-road which gave way on the 27th ult., causing a temporary stoppage of the supply to the whole of the houses and works in Widnes, south of Deacon- road. The repairs were completed and the water turned on by 6 a.m, on the 28th ult. It should be pointed out that, but for the fact of most of the works being partly or entirely stopped, the inconvenience to the public which arose from this tem- porary stoppage would have been much more serious than it was. Proposed new 14in. trunk water main—A plan is herewith submitted shewing, a new line of 14in. trunk main along Lowerhouse-lane, which would con- nect the 16m. in Bi rchfield-road to the 121 n. in Ditton- road. Such a main as this is really required to meet the constantly increasing demand for the Corporation water by the works. A further advantage would be that of having a double line of pipes into the heart of Widnes, so that in the event of a mishap to either the constant supply, which is absolutely necessary for the works and greatly to the advantage of all householders, might he made more secure. Coal Supply—Resolved that the Engineer obtain 500 tons of coal from Messrs. R. Evans and Co., at the price now stated.—Water Main—Resolved that the Water main from Deacon road to Lugsdale-road be doubled at an estimated expenditure at £125. The illuminating power of gas during the month had averaged 21.52 candles.— Councillor Bullough proposed the adoption of the minutes

===== 0002601_18930916_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE.

Councillor Barlow, in moving the minutes of the Finance Committee, said the committee had recently negotiated loans, which .would result in a saving of £136 per annum to the Corporation. Be pointed out that of the £28,000 passed as accounts, £19,000 con- sisted of transiers from one account to another, and re- payment of principal and interest on loans was £3;600, leaving the accounts for the month about £6,ooo.—Mr. Hodgkinson seconded .—Ca rried .

===== 0002601_18930916_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
TECHNICAL EDUCATION,

In moving the adoption of the minutes of the Tech- nical Instruction • Committee, Which contained the arrangement for the coming session, Councillor F. Neil said there had been three new classes added, and the Committee hoped all would be wed attended. The results received so far had not been as satisfactory as could have been wished. But this conditi.m of affairs Was nat confined to Widnes. It arose through the abolition of the 2nd class passes,and the alterat ion of the tirst class to a pass. At a meeting held in Manchester at which Widnes WAS represented, a resolution was passed asking the blovernment to give [he'll something in place of the second class in order to show how the student stood. At present the students were rather discouraged ! One subject of gieat importance was hygiene, and it was hoped as many as ixPssit le would attenn. Adults who did not wish to sit for examination would he welcomed. —Alderman Willis [won seconded the motion.—Carried. There was no other business.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DISTRESS IN WIDNES.

THE RELIEF FUND.STILL INCREAEING.

A meeting of the Distress Fund Committee was held on Thursday afternoon, under the presidency of Mr. D. Wade-Deacon, J.P., C.C. There was a fair attendance, amongst those present being Alderman Williamson, Councillor F. Neil, W. Christie, fiodg- kinson, Carney, Quinn, Smith ; Messrs. J. Morrison, F. Lawrinson, D. J. Brookes, Whitfield, T. Laws, D. Wright, C. Flynn, Clark, H. S. Oppenheim (town clerk), and F. Craik (assistant town clerk). Mr. E. Carey, secretary to the United Alkali Co, wrote stating that the directors had received Mr. Morrison's report of the proceedings of the commit- tee, and he had pleasure in handing a cheque for £3O as this week's contribution if the United Alkali Co. to the Widnes Distress Fund. The direc- tors sincerely hoped that urgent and bond-fide cases of distreas would be adeq4ately dealt with by the committee.—Mr. Wm. P. Hartley. of Aintree, for- warded a cheque for £25. He added, "1 do wish the colliers would accept arbitration. I have been pressing them to do this both privately and publicly for some time past."—Mr. W. Gibbings forwarded a subscription list for the Liverpool Silver and Capper Co., Limited, West bank. The directors wished the fund to be distributed to alleviate distress amongst absolutely known Widnes workmen. The Catering Committee reported that it had been decided to give 750 hot pots on Sunday next. The Finance Committee reported that the credit ba- lance at the bank was £326 16s. Sd. (Hear, hear.) The donations received and promised up to date was £l5l 16s. 101., alad the weekly subscriptions amounted' to £l9O 7s. 41. (Hear, hear.)

. . Councillor F. Neil said the workmen and officials of the United Alkali Co.and other works in the town deserved thonks for the verygenerous may in which they had helped the fund. (Hear, hear.) The total weekly subscriptions promised by the men in the works was £126 18s.8d.(Applause.)This sum did not include the £3O Contributed by the company. The amount now expended per week in providing food was about £l2O. From his own experience the distress was increasing very considerably. He Olought the Catering Committee ought to take into con ideration whether it would not be possible to ve relief in a more substantial form than they do at present. (Hear, hear.) The Chairman said the sum of £2l %GI had just been handed to him by 3lr. Spencer, lion. sec. of the Tradesmens Football Club, and Mr. Paton, who had organised and carried out a concert at the Alexandra Theatre of which they had had the free use. He thought this result was highly creditable to all concerned. _ _ .

Mr. Morrison said he should be very glad if stime- thing could be done with regard to the single men who were out of lodgings. There were a great number of young men, walking about late at night and they stated that owing to the strike their land- ladies were not able to keep them any longer. Superintendent Keighley had informed him that he knew most of the deserving cases, and that he and his staff would assist in relieving them to the best of their ability. He proposed that .£lO be devoted to providing lodging for these men and that Super- intendent Keighley be requested to distributed the tickets.—The relieving officers who were present said they could do nothing for the men but give them orders fer the "house " and they would be sent out from that institution at the end of the week.—Councillor Carney seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. It was further stated that Superintendent Keighley should give single men tickets for food.—lt was resolved that the meetings of the Committee should be held at 4 p.m. on Wednesday. During the past week, the manufacture of salt cake has been stopped at Pilk- ington's and at Sullivan's works of the United Alkeli Co. Several hundred more men are thus thrown out of euplovment.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
ItUNCOItN SCHOOL BOARD.

The monthly meeting was held at the Town Hall on Tuesday evening. Mr. J. Pritchard presided, and there were present the Rev Canon Wood, Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, Dr. McDougall, Messrs. S. Taylor, T. Hand- ley, and G. Moss (clerk). THE EVENING SCHOOL. _ .

The School Management Committee recommended that the following teachers be appointed to the Greenway- road evening school: Mr. J. F. Moulton, Mr. W. Epps, and Mr. L. W. Peacock; that the caretaker be allowed 4s. per week as before for his extra tune in connection with the evening school; that a class for girls be com- menced at the evening school, Miss Kilburn to be the head teacher ; the classes to meet twice per week, the fee to be 3d. per week, or 2a. ad. quarterly paid in advance; and that the Board join the National Associa- tion of School Boards paying an annual subscription of 21s. —Dr. McDougall moved the confirmation of the minutes. He alluded to the new departure of the Board in having classes for girls. The Board had hitherto not thought it advisable to have them, but it appeared that on every occasion H M. Inspector visited the town lie urged the starting of such classes. That was due to the fact that the Education Department was constantly sending circulars to them on the subject. The difficult-v the members thought had existed was that their distria was an industrial centre, in which the girls were usefully employed by their parents. It, however, might be c;1. advantage to fully test the experiment, and have the classes established. If the minimum number of scholars presented themselves the classes could be started and if more then it would he 'satisfactory to the Board.—Mr. Handley seconded the proposition, which was carried.

THE PENNY BANKS.

The Clerk submit.t-e-d-ii;e-..ii;t annual report of the savings bank at the Board Schools for the year ending August 20th last. They showed that the deposits were boys, £65 lie. 7d. ; girls, £B3 19s. 10d. ; and infants, £2805. 7d. ; withdrawn : boys £39 Bs. 4d., girls £5O 9,, and infants £l9 Os. sd. ; leaving balances of :—Boys £26 3s 3d., girls £33 103. 10d., and infants £9 Os. 2d. The total No. of transactions was £9,227, and the accounts opened were £276. The average amount in bank per scholar was boys 5-4. 7d., girls ss. 3d, and infants 3s. The members discussed the subject and con- sidered that although the banks were used in a great measure for temporary purposes they had been instru- mental In the encoulagement of thrift. Ultimately it was decided that the banks should be continued for another year.

THE SCIENCE AND ART CLASSES.

Dr. McDougall moved that application be made to the Board of Commissioners for a grant of £2.30 for the science and art classes. The Committee had had before them the report of the Science and Art Department,and these reports were not nearly so satisfactory as they had been in the previous year. The results were Unsatisfactory in this respect that second passes had leen abolished, and that examinations of second class passes had been stiffened very considerably. This applied to their classes and to all classes in the country. On Thursday after- noon Last, the Chairman and himself attended a meeting

lin Manchester for the purpose of helping in formulating certain resolutions that had to be submitted too Mr. Acland, vice-presideut of. the Education Department, ' pressing him strongly to return the old method of ex- atnination minus the grant. The Runcorn classes had been subsidised to the extent of about £2OO by the County Council, and from this fact it would be obvious to everyone that this new style of examination was a move on the part of the Department to lessen the ex- penditure of that department by making the cost of science and art education more of a local charge. The grants on first class passes had been increased, but this did not by any means meet the losses which were so very considerable, that actually teachers who were teaching, on the strength of having the grant,discovered that they were out of pocket, and in addition that the school had been fined to a large amount. The sum the Board were asking for that night, was calculated to meet all the requirements of the Technical Committee for the year ending Sept. 1894.—Mr. Handley seconded the motion which was carried. There was no other business.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
RUB CORN BOARD OF COMMISSIONE RS.

A special meeting was held at the Town Hall, on Thursday morning, present Messrs. S. Taylor, F. Wiswall, J. W. Lightburn, W. Handley, J. Pritchard T. Lea, D. Bit.hrown,E. Imison, W. Ilankinson, W. Leach, E. W. II urnplirevs. IL Abel, W. Collier, Idea- clowcroft (law clerk), -E Marshall (see.), and W. Barker (surveyor). Mr. IViswall was appointed chairman for the zime being, and the requisition calling the meeting having been read, the newly 'elected members signed the declaration.

_ .-- - APPOINTMENT OF CHAIRMAN. Mr. Lightburn proposed the re-appointment of Mr. Tayl.A• as chairman for the reinaintkr of the official year It was not necessary. he said, for him to paint the lily. —Mr. Hisbrown seconded.—ln the past Mr. Taylor had conducted the business with credit to himself and satis- facti m to the members.—The motion was carried un- snimously.—On taking the chair. Mr. T. s'lor thanked the members for the honour they had conferred upon him. He fel:: sure tiny he should continue their support in carrying out the duties of the office.

ELECTION OF COMM( rrErs. HIGHWAY AND Liumninas Comatirree Consists of the wholt.. of tin. Hoard.

HeALTh COMNIITTRE Mr. Lightburn said it would Be well to infuse some new .lood into this Committee. It was not his intention, ever if asked to again fulfil the chairmanship of the Committee, which he had held since the inception of the Committee. Ile would be glad 'to serve on the committee, hut he thought it was better there should be a fresh chairman. He proposed that the committee should be constituted as follows :—Messrs. Meadowcroft, Bisbrown, Hankinson, f,ea, Leach,Wiswall, Collier, Imison, Once, Humphreys, Lightburn and Dr. Mangan. A -discussion initiated by Mr. Imison, tok place as to the unwisdom of lar4e committees, but there was an opimon expressed by some members, that the importance of the committee demanded that a consider- able proportion of the members should be upon it.—ln order that he might give his reasons for advoeating a small committee Mr. Imison moved that Mr. Dobson's name be added. He had found that largo committees stifled discussion at the Board meetings. There Was A feeling amongst the Commissioners that when a member raised at the Board meeting a question which had been discussed in committee, that he was advertising himself or was a nuisance to the remainder of the members.— Mr. Lightburn accepted Mr. Dobson'a name. Mr. Imison, be said, was cutting his thioat to save his life.— The. Committee was then adopted as proposed..

WATERWORKS Comuirrss Messrs. Meadowcroft, Pritchard, Humphreys, Lightburn, Speale:nan, Wiswall and Handley. MARKET COMMITTEE : Mews. Hankinson, Lea, Dob- son Abel, Grice, Collier, Leach and Handley. iECHNICAL INSTRUCTION COMMITTEE: Messrs. Wiswall, Pritchard, Lightburn, Speakman, unison, Humphreys, Handley, Grice, and Meadowcroft. Mr. Wiswall, ex- chairman of the Committee. stated that everything was prepared and in order for the Technical Institute, except the money. The awn of £1,500 was needed in dona- tions, but he was sorry to say that there was an impres- s:on outside that this was a patty question, and this feel- ing caused great difficulty in obtaining money. He denied that there was any party about the matter. The institute when erected would be of the greatest advan- tage to the working classes, and he hoped they would come forward and help in raising the necessary money. Mr. Humphreys said he had not heard anything about it being a party question.—Mr. Lightburn expressed similar views. He had evidently moved amongst sen- sible people, and not the decrepid individuals who had got such an idea in their heads. BYE•LAWS COMMITTEE (special Committee): Messrs. Humphreys, Lightburn, Imison, Ilankinson, Pritchard, Lea, Leach, Dr. Mangan, and Collier. BATHS COMMITTEE: Messrs. Leach, Abel, Flankinson, Lea, Collier, Handley. and Dr. Mangan.

PARLIAMENTARY AND GENERAL PURPOSES: NESS'S. Pritchard, Lightburn, 'raison, Speakman, Meadowcroft, Humphreys, Lea, Bisbrown, Wiswall, and Collier.

, „ FREE PUBLIC LIBRARY COMMITTEE : Messrs. T. Riley, W. Handley, a J. Grice, \V. Hankinson, W. Leach, J. Simpson, W. Collier, S. Pope, W. M. Sowerby, Rev. Canon Wood and the Chairman of the Commissioners. _

The Chairman of the Board is an ex officio member of each Committee.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
RITNCORN IIUkCAL SOCIETY.

THE COMING SEASON.

The Committee ot Runcorn Musical Society have arranged a most attractive programme for the coming winter, and we hope their enterprise will be rewarded with " bumper " houses. The first con- cert is fixed for October 30th and will be of a miscellaneous character. The artists will be Madame Fanny Moody, Miss Lillie Arovdy, and Mr. Charles Manners (formerly chief principal with Carl Rosa's Opera Coy.), solo pianoforte Mr. Reynolds, and solo violin, Mr. F. H. Crossley. On December 13th will be performed Flandel's great work" Sampson," by the combined societies of Warrington and Runcorn, Mr. F. H. Crossley being conductor of both societies The artistes engaged are Miss Thudichutn, Madame Seeker- shay,, Mr. Paxton Smith, and Mr. Bantock Pierpoint. The combined choruses will number over 200 voices, This performance will be given in the Dr ill Hall. The third concert is programmed for March 14th. Mr. Crossley's cantata "Adele," which was received with much favour on its production, will form the first part, and the second part will consist of miscellaneous items. The arrangements with artists for this concert are not vet completed. At both the first and last concerts the choir will sing glees and part songs.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING AT WARRINGTON.

THE FARMERS' ARMS, FADGATE.

Lovers of this enjoyable pastime have had an exceptional season in which to display their prowess with the ".wood,' and on Tliur-day last week a bowling main of considerable local interest was commenced on the tine green of the " Farmers Arms "at Padgate. This was brought about by the landlord (Mr. Joseph Roberts) announcing a main for tradesmen and amateurs, and offering an array of prizes vely seldom met with, consisting of a handsome marble timepiece, several marble clocks, plated tea and coffee services, cruet stands, plated teapots, carvers, knives and forks, Stn., Sm., the whole costing the respectable amount of £l6, which was augmented by several prizes by local tradesmen. As might be expected the entrances were numerous, totalling exactly one hundred, and in consequence a good portion of play had to be postponed until Saturday. Fortunately the we tther continued all that could be thsired and on the adjourned day the green was again the scene of considerable activity. Some fine bowling was witnessed on both occasions, the final heat being most exciting, both men engaged therein, John Swanton of Warrington, and Thomas Hudsmith of Plank- lane, keeping remarkable even, the game standing at 12 each and 13 being up. The last end came off in favour of Swanton, he consequently winning the first prize. The following is aBA of the prize winners :-1, John Swanton, marble timepiece; 2, Thomas Hudsmith, large cruet stand; 3, H. Williams, tea and c.ffee service; 4, G. Bottomleyi, ornamental wood clock; 5, Thomas Bolton, marbln clod* 6, William Hudsmich, bowls and jack ; 7, It. Anderton, plated cruet stand; 8, J. C. Littlewood, plated cruet stand; 9, J. Flitcroft, plated cruet stand ; 10, F. Longshaw, marble clock; 11, W. Walkden, cruet; 12, W. Arch bould, copper kettle ;13, John Weston, cruet; 13, Alfred Ball, umbrella ; 15, H. Essenhigh. breakfast cruet ; 16, James Roberts, music case ; 17, John Taylor, plated teapot; 18, William Bolton, plated teapot ; 19, W. Boardman, knives and forks ; 20, W. Weston, Case of spoons ; 21, James Thomas, breakfast cruet; 22, George Higharn, knives and forks ; 23, Thomas Unsworth, carvers ; 24, J. Baines, breakfast cruet; 25, R. Hesford, breakfast cruet.

-- THE CEMETERY INN BOWLING CLUB. The closing main in connection with the above club took place on Thursday afternoon on the Cemetery Inn Bowling Green. There was a good muster of entries and the main passed off very successfully. The follow- ing members were prize winners-1, G. Ball, 2. A. J. Jones, 3, H. Povey, 4, J. Fergerson, 5, W. Haigh, 6, H. Wood, 7, T. Unsworth, 8, J. Ashton, 9, J. Whittle, 10, J. Willett. Consolation prizes were won by the following: 1, W. Bolton. 2, H. Williams, 3, R, Anderton, 4, H. Essen high, 5, T. Healing. 6, R. Whiteman, 7, R. Barton, 8, W. Littlewood, 9, E. Taylor, 10, G. Bottomley. After the main, the competitors partook of a substantial tea provided by the landlord, and after tea the president took the chair and a very pleasant evening was spent. Several toa.sts were given by the chairman Mr. Unsworth and Bolton. Mr. Unsworth on behalf of the members presented the president, Mr. F. Howard with a most handsome cruet (which had been subscribed for by the members of the club) in recognition of valuAble services r( ndered as president of the club, during the past three years. Mr. Howard suitably acknowledged the gift. Mr. A. H. Urosfield wrote expressing his inability to be present owing to a pressing business engagement at Liverpool. Songs were rendered by Messrs. W. Bolton, Allison, Barton and J. Ashton.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
DISTRESS IN WARRINGTON.

INCREASING DESTITUTION. MORE SOUP KITCHENS OPENED. , The distress in the town goes from bad to worse, and the prospect of an early settlement of the coal war in this district seems to be as far off as eve?. The outlook is indeed serious fqr Warrington, as each week of idleness on the part of the miners,. causes additions; to the already too large number of unemployed in the town. Mill after mill closes,. and day by day the distress becomes more acute. IThere are now a number of agencies at work in the town doing their utmost to cope with the distress by distributing food and finding work for a few of the unemployed, but it is difficult to keep page with the demand. Each morning during the week men, women tied children in most cases scantily clad, and showing signs of hunger wet e to be seen flocking to the soap kitchen, at the Drill Hall to receive their day's support. Additional relief stations have been opened is Ellesmere-5.,, and Haydock-et., and the Football club have been distributing tickets for relief each day. Mr. Percy Davies has also distributed a large quantity of vegetables. Nor is the effect of the coal strike confined to the working-classes alone. Shopkeepers and property-ewners are also suffering, many of the unemployed not having paid any rent for some weeks, nor are they likely to pay any till the end of the struggle. Work at the large mills in the town will soon be at a complete standstill. At Messrs. Monks, Hall, and Co.'s works, the whole of the men will be thrown out of employment uatil the settle- ment of the strike, after to-day (Saturday). At the Whitecross Wire Works all the forges are stopped, and only one of the mills is going. Messrs.Rylands Bros. have also found it necessary to husband their stock of coal, and are now only working three days each week. At the Cheshire Lines Wagon works it has been found necessary to adopt a similar course. In order to avoid a stoppage, which would be dins- trotis to many of the workpeople, a special arrange- ment was made at Cockhedge Mills on Thursday. After a consultation with the overlookers, Armitage took a ' vote of the workpewle on the question as to whether the mills should be closed entirely on Wednesday next till the close of • the strike; or whether the workpeople should stibo• scribe a portion of the extra price that will have to . be paid for coals to keep the mills going. It waa decided, 1,200 workpeople, to subscribe a penny out of every with only three or four dissentients out of shilling earned towards the en hauce4 price of :coal. This will amount to about twe-thirds of, the extra price to be paid fcr the fuel, and the remainder will be paid by the firm The resolution will take effect after Wednesday night next, when the stock of coal in band will be exhausted. Orders were given yesterday by the firm for another supply of coal at the extra price. Only two or three mills have been running during the past week at the Dallam and Bewsey Forges, and these have been kept working to execute urgent orders.

THE DISTRESS AT SANKEY BRIDGES. The IVesievans of Sankey Bridges, who, during the course of last week provided free teas for those thrown out of work in that district, owing to the coal strike, gave another tea on Saturday night. About 180 men were provided with tea, and after the tea was over, an entertainment was given. The room was crowded to excess. The chair was occupied by the Rev. J. Kirtlan, who was supported on the platform by the Rev. Owen Watkins and Mr. W. ,Brough.—The Chairman, in his opening remarks said that while sorry that a strike of colliers had taken place, he did not blame the masters or men, as he did not understand all the intricacies that existed between capital and labour, employer and em- ployed. It was his opinion, however, that as far as the colliers were concerned, that no collier ever got too much money for ' the work he did. (Applause.) The collier's work was the most utap'easant employment that a man could engage in. lie was very sorry, however, that strikes could not be avoided, as they caused such widespread suffering amongst the men, women, and children of this country. He had seen a great many strikes during the course of his lite, and had taken great interest in them, but he never remembered men being shot down before the present strike. He hoped for the sake of humanity that this present strike would speedily come to an end, and that the men would again have full work. It was a great pleasure to the friends at Sankey Bridges to do what they could for thein,but they could only touch the fringe of the trouble. They could not affora to give a regular supply from day to day. He deeply sympathised with the ,nen and their families,and he was in thorough sympathy with those at Sankey Bridges who had given a helping hand to those in dis- tress. It would be a shame ot any Christian church to neglect those who had by no fault of their own, been brought to their present low circumstances. The church should look after the suffering, and he was glad that those of Sankey Bridges had done what they could.—A. glee "It was a lover and his lass" was then given by Messrs. Miles, George, Entwistle, Wilkes, Bailey, Mrs. T. Brough, and Misses Cannon and Morrell, and were very well received.—Mr.Whittaker next gave some selections on the concertina, and afterwards imitations on the concertina of various birds, including larks, thrushes, cocks, &c., and also bells ringing, in such a realistic manlier, that as the Rev. Owen Watkins said it almost appeared that he had the birds in his pockets. Needless to say, he was encored, and gave an imitation of the church bells.—Mr. R. Entwistle followed with " The Ray of Biscay," the audience singing the latter part.— Rev. Owen Watkins next addressed the meeting. He said that he had for 17 years been travelling in the in- terior of Africa. Like Mr. Kirtlan, he did not profess to understand the merits of the dispute between masters and men in this case, but he might mention that about 13 years ago he was in the Transvaal, and at that time all the implements of farming were made in England, but now the majority of them were made in America. Railways had been made there, but the rails and engines did not come from England, they came from Belgium. He mentioned these things to show that every strike which took place, drove away the markets from Eng- land, and opened the way for other people to come in and undersell us. A little while ago there was a lock out in Manchester, Oldham, Rochdale, and the district, which lasted 15 weeks. Me cost in wages that would have been earned and money that would have been made, was a million and a quarter, money which was thrown away,as much as if it had been carried to the sea and cast overboard. But that was not all The Lanca- shire people were only now beginning to realise that the continental spinners had been trying for years to estab- lish a cotton depot in Manchester, but they had always failed until this last strike. Since the strike, le. wever, it was possible to buy cotton of continental makes at the Manchester Exchange, of the same quality, cheaper than it could be bought at the factory doors in Lanca- sh;re. It was, therefore,of the greatest importance that before a strike was decided upon, each side should care- fully consider every point, and not do anything in a hurry. He thought that these bad times did some good however, and showed who were the workingmen's rest friends. He would like to know how much the publi- cans had done for them. Very little, he thought, and he hoped that when prosperous times came, they wourd remember it. Mr. Watkins concluded with an evange- listic address,and was very heartily applauded when he sat do w n.—A recitation was very effectively given by Miss A. Morrell, entitled' " The Road to Heaven." Mr. l'rincep sang "Friar of Orders Grey," and on being en- cored, sang "The Wolf." Mr. A. B. Bailey gave " Massa's in the cold, cold ground," for which he was encored but declined to re-appear.—Mr. 11. Morgan next made a very earnest speech, after which Mr. Wilkinson gave "The fire in the grate," for which he was encored. —Mr. Whittaker then gave selections from " The Bohe- mian Girl," which he executed very well, and on being encored gave "The song that reached my heart." A selection was then given by the string band in connec- tion with the chapel, and tho entertainment was con- cluded by some impromptu verses on the subject of the meeting by Mr. C. Pritchard. After the entertainment loaveewere given to each of the men to tide Sunday over. On Sunday the services at the chapel were very well attended, the evening service especially being extremely well attended, and the preacher' Mr. Collier was listened to with marked attention. On Monday night 350 chil- dren were fed, and on Tuesday night 160 women sat down to tea, after which a preaching service was held in the chapel by the Rev. J. Kirtlan for which the greater number remained behind. Wednesday was a clear day but on Thursday a tea was provided for 430 children who had their tea in the fielil behind the schools. Fri- day again was a free day, but to-night another tea will be given to the men out of work. A few particulars as to the wcrkers and the funds and expenditure will not be out of place here. A committee composed of the following gentlemen: Messrs. W. Brough„ S. Blythe, C. E. Bromley, R. Highley, A. B. Bailey, C. George, R. Entwistle, T. Woolley, W. Miles, J. Corra- dine, C. Pritchard and W. Bennett?, have the charge of all arrangements such as fulancial matters, the pro- gramme of the evenings, &c. The collectors who solicit subscriptiens are in pairs and are as follows: Messrs. C. E. Bromley and Baxter, Messrs. J. Cerradine and C. Pritchard, and Messrs. W. Miles and Woolley. Since the commencement of the relief on Monday week. £3l- - 41. has been collected, and the expenditure has been £22 3s. 91. thus leaving a balance of £9 14s. 53d. for the forthcoming week. Added to this Mr. W. Ben- nett of Padgate, has given twelve hamper 4 of potatoes to be given away to-night, to last the Sunday over. Other farmers round about have also presented potatoes. The t3tal number of those relieved up to the present has been 1,960 which have been fed at the cost of about 2d. per head. The provisions, to., used, include 300 four lb. loaves, 250 half pounds of tea, and 226 ounces of tea which have also The success in this beyond been givena n work has beenticiapwataiyon. , and a great amount of suffering has been prevented by the timely help that has been started none too soon for the poor of Sankey Bridges. Numerous subscpradiptionte, ke shraevnebtehe, anndreceivedothur from . mcesfriends in Lynam, ra

===== 0002601_18930916_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
.." . Lb -!: •1.14 'g If

s How Lost 3 How Regained! Invaluable Remarks for Young and laiddlea Aged Men.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
KNOW T

Clr SELF-PRESERVATION. A little wori i _ .tf can NERVOUS and PHYSICAL DEBILITY, ERRORS off YOUTH, EXHAUSTED VITALITY, PREMATURE DE- CLINE, and all ACQUIRED DISEASES, and WEAlF- =sus OP MAN, their CAUSE and CURE. Frvg MINUTES spent in the perusal of this little boot: with teach the reader more than five days spent in any boq,iy: written on this subject, becanse the books written on this subject are so full of mystery, what with Latin phrases and fancy words, that it is impossible for anyone to snake any sense of them, excepting those who hays had really a first- class education; and they are but little understood by any excepting the persons who wrote them. This little work will be found brief, precise & void of unnecessary reading,and will meet fully with the requirements of the times inasmuch salt is extracted from the book writ- ten by me entitled—

, - THE CIRCE, OF <- - LIFE, t 7, - -HYSELF. in brie;

===== 0002601_18930916_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOLS PARADISE

ALL SHOULD READ IT. If there Is no cause for treatment it should prove a safeguard to the inexperienced and instractive to the WISE ; consequently _ ... .

===== 0002601_18930916_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
- . and will be IT CONCERNS YOU sent yon der COVER

and SEALED, for Three Penny Starars Address—GOULD'S LABORATORY, Bradford, Yorkshire.

ADVICE FREE BY LETTER.

ADVT. COPYHIGELI

===== 0002601_18930916_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATE.

RETURNING WITH HIS GAME. Alfred France, 373, Winwick-road, was charged at the Borough Court on Monday,for having in his possession a net, and a quantity of rabbits, on the 25th August, sup- posed to have been unlawfully obtained. Defendant who was represented by Mr. Unsworth pleaded not guilty. P.C. Bell said he was in company with Con- stable Newey on the 25th ult, in plain clothes. When in I Winwick-road he saw the defendant coming from the neighbourhood of the Gas Works. He was carrying a net on his shoulders,and also a stick and a bag with nine rabbits in. On seeing them the defendant commenced running and dropped the bag and stick. P.C. Newey gave chase, and the defendant threw his net down. P.C. Newey corroborated, and said when the defendant tbrew his net down he (witness) told him he had no cause to run as that was all he wanted. Mr. Unsworth con- tended that it was a case of mistaken identity and that the summons had been left at the wrong house. De- fendant was fined 10s. A LODGING-HOUSE KEEPER'S LICENSE CANCELLED.

At the Warrington Borough Court, on Monday. Jeremiah Shorrocks was charged with having on thesth September, in Ship-yard, unlawfully suffered four lod- gers to occupy beds within eight hours after they had been vacated by the previous occupants. Inspector Powell said on the sth inst. at three o'clock in the morn- ing, he visited the defendant's lodging-house, and found all the beds occupied with lodgers. He again visited the house at ten o'clock, in company with Inspector Norman, when they found four bed 4 occupied by men who had been on night duty. Defendant told them that the other occupants bad got up at tour o'clock, and the four occupants they then saw went to bed about eight o'clock. The defendant knew he was breaking the by- laws as he had had them read over to him. Inspector Nortnan said on the occasion of his visit defendant was drunk, and his wife had a black eye. The defendant had been previously convicted on four charges, and he (witness) then asked for the license to be cancelled. He now asked the magistrates•ag,ain to cancel the license, as the defendant was not a fit person to be registered. Defendant was fined ss. and costs, and his license was cancelled.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
A WARNING TO SHOPKEEPERS.

At the Warrington Borough Police Court on Monday, James Lee, 9, Old Road. Latchford, was charged with stealing from the shop of Mr. Wm. Coates, Friars-gate, on Saturday night, two pairs of men's trousers value Us. 10d.—The Chief Constable stated that on Saturday night a young man named Thomas Farringtcn was in Friars-gate when he saw the prisoner carrying something bulky and going down Ike passage near Mr. Coates' shop. Farrington went to Coates' shop and asked them if they bad missed anything. The son came forward and missed two pairs of trousers which had been hanging rutside the shop. They pursued the prisoner and he threw the trousers in a garden. P.C. Woods was informed and took the prisoner into custody: The Bench sent the pri- soner to gaol Ir one mouth hard labour.—Mr. Monks (the chairman) said the magistrates wished to impress on shopkeepers the importance of taking their goods into the shop immediately after dark. It was a temptation to many people when they saw goods exposed outside the shop after dark.—Mr. Coates said it was usual for him to have a boy watching the goads. At the time the trousers were taken, the boy was taking 301710 Of the goods into the shop.—Mr. Monka remarked that it was useless to expose goods in the dark. He noticed that a great many cases brought before the Bench Were due to this temptation. THEFT 07 SOAP FRO3I MESSRS. CROSPIELVS SOAP WORKS. At the Warrington Borough Court, yesterday, James Rider. 25, Dale-street, was charged -anith feloniously stealing from the works of Messrs. Crosflelds and Sons , Soap Works, Bank Quay, on September Ist., 56 tablets of soap valued 53., and Villiam Bincksman, of the same aldress was also charged with receiving the same know- ing it to be stolen .—lnspector Spinks said that on Thurs- day from instructions received from the Chief Constable he went to Sankey Bridges in company with P.C. Turner aud from their inquiries they got sufficient information to arrest the first defendant at the works of Messrs. Crosfields, on the charge of stealing a quantity of soap at several times but particularly on September 1. Wit- ness then went to the house of Bincksman at which the first defendant lodged, and told him that they were going to search the house. After some demur Bincksman consented. Witness found in the back bedroom, 56 tablets which weighed 21lbs. which were stamped for foreign export, and were not sold in this neighbourhood. Some soap had also ap- parently been used for washing purposes. On being charged with receiving the soap knowing it to be stolen, Bincksman said that he had warned Rider not to bring the soap to the house. Witness had called Messrs. Cros- field's attention previously to the pilferrinv of soap which was going on, and he had been instructed to watch.—Mr. J. J. Crostield said that on account of the works having so many entrances there was very great difficulty in catching anybody. They had several times been on the point ef catching people taking soap, but owing to the many entrances they had got away. The firm wished to stop this, and wished the parties to be severely dealt with although they were very sorry to have the case brought into Court.—The magistrates wished to know if the number of entrances could not be diminishee.'mt M Crosfield said that they could not, as there was a public passage through the works.—The magistrates inflicted a penalty of 10s. and costs upon each defendant or in default 11. days.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
IF, IF, IF, IF, IF, IF, IF,

IF your nocupation is an unhealthy one, or if you work under circumstances unfavouratle to health —use GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. IF you work in the sultry mine underground—use GWILYM EVANS' QUININE ItrrrEns. IF you breathe the noxious vapours of the chemical works—use GWILYIL EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. IF you inhale the fluff of wool or cotton in the manu- factory—use GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTE Its. IF you work in the pottery—use GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. IF you bend over your work to the injury of your chest—use GWILTM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. IF you are exposed to the weather—use GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. IF you are to stand for long hours, in the n;lice or shop, or elsewhere—use GWILYM Evass' QUININE BITTERS. IF you have been studying hard—use GWILIM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. IF you have been overworked—use GWILYM EVANS QUININE BITTERS. IF y :Mr health is in any way undermined— IF your constitution is in any way weakened— IF you are from any cause not up to the mark—use GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. THEY GIVE STRENGTH TO THE WEAK, HEALTH TO THE SICK, AND ENJOYMENT IN LIFE TO ALL. "THE BEST REMEDY OF THE AGE." At this season of the year no one should be without OWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. A course taken stow will be available in giving tone to the system, new life to the blood, and in bracing the nerves. CAUTION.—Ask plainly for GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS, and see that the name GWILYN EVANS is on label, stamp and bottle. Sold by all chemists, in is. id., 25. 9d., and 45. 6d. bottles, or direct from the proprietors, carriage free by parcels post for the above prices. QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING CO. i (LIMITED). 1 LLANELLY, SOUTH WALES. American Depot—Ma. R. D. WILLIAMS, Pharmacist, Plymouth, Pens.

MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH,. POLICE COURT.

MONDAY. —Before Mr. F. Mouks (in the chair), Alderman Harrison, Messrs. T. Birchall, J. W. Hayward, and S.

Wright. DRUNK AND DISORDERI.T..—The following WPM dealt with for this offence: Win. Griffin, 10 Percival's-fold ; Charles Groves, no address; Elijah Young, Dolman's- lane ; Jane Jepson, no address; James Connor, Perci- vars-fold ; and Edward Burke, 23, Bank-st. Du.—Mary Monaghan, fustian cutter, 6 Dolmans- lane, was fined ss. including costs, for being drunk on the 3rd inst. Assay vrs.—Annie McCone 4, Friar's-lane, was charged with being drunk and disorderly the previous day, and also with assaulting Catherine R 11,7, at the same time and place. From the evidence of the com- plainant it appeared that the prisoner struck her in the mouth, causing it to bleed. She went for the police and on her return she was again assaulted by the prisoner. P.C.'s Turner and Bell took the prisoner into custody. After several witnesses had been called on behalf of com- plainant and defendant, the magistrates fined McCone 103. and costs, or one month's imprisonment.—Annie Burns, 1, Friar's-lane, and Mary McCone, 4, Friars-lane, were charged with assaulting Mary Walsh, Jolley's-yard an Friars-green, and there was a cross-summons of assault against Mary 'Walsh charged with assaulting Annie Bodo. The case against Mrs. Walsh was dismis- sed, and Burns and McCone were each fined 103. and coats. Factious Dnivirm.—John Baguley, huckster, 4, Mill. street, and George Flannaghan, same address, were charged with furiously driving in Sankey-se., on the 14 inst. P.C. Amson said at 11.15 p.m. on the Ist inst. he was at the end of Parker-st., when he saw the two defendants with spring carts running abreast down Bank Quay Bridge. They were having a race and would be going at the rate of ten or eleven miles an hour. Defendants were fined 103. and casts each or 14 days. OBSTRUCTING THE FOOTPATH —Wm. Rowson, 10, Jones Buildings, Wm. Boardman, 74, Back Stamford-st.' Thos. Richardson, 9, Stamford-st., and Wm. Glover, 6 Silver- square, were all charged with having on the sth Septem- ber, obstructed the footpath by lying thereon and refusing to Icy ye when asked. Sergeant Smith said he was in Silver-square, when he found the defendants lying on the footpath. lie requested them to get up, which they did, hut they did not move off the footpath. Defendants were fined 2s. 6d. each. A FEROCIOUS DOG .—John Pearson, labourer. 76, Sharp- , st. was charged with having allowed to be at large a ferocious dog, in Sharp-st., on the 4th inst. Evidence was given by two witnesses as to being bitten by the dog. The defendant had since destroyed the dog, andl the case was dismissed on payment of costs 103. TUESDAY.—Before Mr. R. Garnett (in the chair;, Dr. Starkey Smith and Mr. E. J. Guest. 1 . .

ASSAULTING HI Harty. James-street, - WIFE.—Pat rick was summoned for assaulting his wife on Friday the Bth init. From the evidence of the complainant it appeared that he kicked her on the leg whilst unlacing his shoe. The defendant complained of his wife playing at dice with the neighbours and losing his money. The bench bound defendant over to keep the peace for six months in two-sureties of £5. Dunzix AND DISORDSRLIL—Annie Moran was fined 5:. and costs for this offence in Bridge-street, the previous evening, and Charles Barrop, was fined 103. and costs for the same offence.

THEFT OF CL(YrHING.—George Roberts, ship canal labourer, was charged with stealing a bundle of clothing value 123. 6d., the property of William Lloyd. It appeared that on Monday night the complainant, with another man named White and defendant, were in the Legh Arms, Mersey-street. The complainant went out of the public-house for a few minutes, leaving his bundle of clothes on the seat in charge of White. But White commenced talking to another person, and on looking fAr the bundle soon afterwards, found it missing, as Was also the defendant. A visit was paid to defendant's lodging house and the bundle was found in his pocket. The police were informed and the defendant locked up. He was sent to gaol for one month hard labour. Wunicssnev.—Before Messrs. John Fairclough (chair- man), and J. Geddes. STRANGE CONDUCT OF A HUSBAND.—Michael Walsh was charged with assaulting his wife Elizabeth Walsh on the 11th inst.—From the statement of the complainant, it appeared that she was engaged as housekeeper for a man named Shadwell and her husband also lived in the house. Owing to the husband's conduct, he was told to leave the house on Monday. He came back soon after- wards and followed his wife to the scullery where he beat her and thumped her in the face. She managed to escape, and prisoner then burnt a number of hats and articles of clothing before he went away. She had only been married five weeks.—Prisoner was sent to gaol for two months and a separation order given, prisoner being ordered to pay 7s, 6d. towards his wife's maintenance when he comes out of gaol. DIVINE AND DISORDERLY.—WiIIiaM Connor Was dis- charged for cointnitting this offence on sigtfing the pledge. TRURSDA v.--Before Alderman Sutton and Major

Ridgway.

_ DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—Jatnes Cassidy was ordered to leave the town for committing this offenc. • in Horse- , market-st. on the previous evening. SCHOOL CASES.—For not sending their children regu- larly to school Wm. Armitage, Orford-lane, was fined ss. ; Charles Campbell, Latchford, 59. ; Wm. pagnall, Winwick-road, ss. ; Michael Dempsey. Fennel-st., 29.6 d.; James Hennigan, Turner-5t.,23.6(1. ; James Bing.baker, Town Hill. 29. 6d. ; Frank Lee, stovemaker, Guardian- st.,2s. 6d.; Wm.Leyland, Cockhedge, 55.; Joseph Oakes, mechanic, Scott-st.,ss. Mr. George Riley prosecuted. DESERTION OF FAMILY.—George Crofton Gilroy was charged with deserting his wife and family and leaving them chargeable t. the Warrington Union. The case was proved by Mr. B. Shearer, relieving officer, and by Mr. Ward, workhouse master. The prisoner was sent to jail for one month. FRIDAY.: _:Before Alderman Harrison. (chairman) Alder- ..

man Wright, Dr. Garnet!, and Messrs. W. Pierpoint, and J. W. Hayward, and Councillor Roberts. FRIGHTENED Away BY FIREWORKS —James Hankey.3o, Howard-street, was charged with setting off fireworks in Howard-street, to the danger and annoyance of passengers on September 9th. Joseph Johnson, at whose instance the summons was taken out, said that he established a grocery business in Howard-street, some time ago. During the whole of the time that he lived there, the defendant had annoyed him. On Saturday night, defendant, in conjunction with other boys threw a quantity of fireworks into his house,nne of whicl; made such an explosion that it shook the whole house. Com- plainant had been so Annoyed with the persecution of tho boy-s that he had to give up his business.—Defendant was tined ss. and costs or seven days. ASSAULT CASE.—Mary Carey, Dallam-lane, was charged with assaulting Jane Battersby, 45, Tanners- lane, on the 7th inst. The dispute arose owing to some money, and it was alleged that Mary Carey struck Jane Battersby in the chin. During the case the most filthy language was indulged in and the magistrates consider- ing it a most discreditable case dismissed it.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS.

SATURDAY.—Before Messrs. T. J. Gillespie (chairman), _ Norman, McCorquodale and R. &Dile. _ _

BICYCLE ON Foo.ream.2-William Molyneux was fined 2s. 6d. and costs for riding his bicycle on the footpath is Warrington-road, Winvvick, on thenth ult. . _

CRUELTY TO A: HomsE.—james Kenyon was charged with illtreating a horse on the 11th ult. by working it while in an unfit state.—T. Grezory, Immector Luck- ings, R.S.P.C.A., and P.S. Longworth. each gave evid- ence t 3 seeing defendant driving the horse attached to a lorry in High-street. Newton, on the date in question. The horse wag very lame on the left leg—Defendant was only fined ss. on promising to turn it out into the fields for a time.

IHAWKING WITHOUT A LICENSE.—HiChard Coyne Was charged with hawking without a license in Newtnn, on the Bth inst. P.C. 811 proved the ease, but defendant was di3chared with a caution. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—MAIIIII Scott, naydock,was fined 23. 6d. and costs, for committing this offence !n Havdock, on the 6th Ult. THRASHING MACHINE TOO NEAR THE HIGHWAY.—David Garton and George Ashton were each charged with hav- ing a thrashing machine too near the highway in Goiborne, on the 6th inst.—Mr. R. Stuart, solicitor, of Newton and Wigan.appeared for the defence and pleaded guilty. He promised it should not occur agaim—Garton was fined 2N. and costs and Ashton was fined in the costs.

RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS.

MONDAY.—BAfore Dr. SteelP and Mr. P. Speaktnan.

DRUNK AND DISORDERLT.—For this offence fines were imposed upon Mary Fay, John Jackson, John Preston, Annie Doyle, Patrick Corcoran, and James Kelly. Mary Murphy was committed for three months for being guilty of disorderly conduct. For using obscene language Kate Ramsden was fined 53. and costs. ASSAULT ov A Wu-v.—William flignett, of 12, Norton- etreet, was fined 103. and costs 14s. 61. for assaulting his wife Amy by striking her on the head. LICENSING. —William Silcock was granted permission to sell at the Shamrock Tavern, Regent-street, under the license lately held by William Joinson. WIDNES POLICE coma.

MONDAY.—Before Messrs. F. H. Gossage and H. Wade

Deacon.

FINED FOR DRUNIKENNESS.—Martin CLITIPy, Tireper- ley-st. ; John Sweeney, Ann•st. : and John Fahey,Marsh- street.

_ A Com. STEALER.—A lad named John McCormick, Sankey-st., was charged with stealing a quantity of coal from Messrs. Gaskell Deacon's works, the property of the United Alkali Company. The lad's father was bound over to bring his son up for judgment if called upon.

. . ‘, .„. ASSAULT ON A CONSTABLit.—SitMUeI U.IIIItIMS, 14, Victoria-road, was charged with having assaulted P.C. Farish. The constable was going down the back of Victoria-road, shout half-past eleven on Friday nicht, when he saw prisoner who was making a noiee. Wit- ness asked hiin what he was doing there, when, without any provocation, the prisoner threw a stone at him, which just missed his head. He afterwards grabbed him by the neck.—P.S. AlcCcachem corroborated.—Dehm- ant's brother-in-law denied that any stones were thrown it that the officer was assaulted.—The Bench, however, onsidered the case proved, and inflicted a fine of 20s. and costs, or 14 days in default.

MARVELLOUS RESULTS.

If we said these things of ourselves the public might well doubt, but never has a remedy received the un qualified endorsement as " flornocea " has received. We ask one and all to reae. these testimonials and ask them- selves should they be without " flomocea "in their homes.

HOMOCEA-vsnsus RHEUMATISM. Hillside, Bracknell, August 3, 1393. LADY KEANE'S Compliments to the Manager, HOMOCEA COMPANY.

Kindly send me two large boxes of your Homocea and six small ones, as I find it invaluable in Rheumatism, Cuts, Bruises, kc., I may say that since using it I have suffered very little—sometimes not at all—from Rheu- matism pains in the muscles of the neck. I think so highly of it that I recommend it to my friends, also I have distributed many of the boxes you sent me amongst the poor people who are much pleased with it, and I think I can get them to take it to keep it by them in case of accident, Scc., with their children. My coach- man was bitten by one of the horses in the arm, and it turned at once quite black ; I made him rub.aome over the place, and it took away all the blackness and eased the pain. I also highly approve of it for stable use. You may make any use you like of this letter at a testimonial of its value.

HOMOCEA VERSUS PILES, Sze.

Purland Chase, Ross, July 23, 1892.

Mrs. Harvey has just had three boxes of Homocea, and she gave some to her cook to gently rub on her leg, quite a hard bunch of varicose veins and painful—what she seems to have been troubled with for a year at leJst. The solve greatly softened the hardness, and quite eased the pain. Mrs. Harvey gave a:box ot the salve to a poor woman who was suffering from protrud- ing piles, with all the accompanying giddiness, pains in the back, burning sensation at the pit of the stomach ; she really looked terribly ill. In four. days she wasn't the same person to look at, she ssems to be nearly cured, and all the pain and giddiness, &c., &c., gone, except still a little pain in the back, which will no doubt I quite leave her in a few days. Homocea is sold by most chemists at is. lid. and 2s. 9d. per box, or will be sent post free on receipt of stamps to 21, HAMILTON SQ., BIRKENHEAD.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBFR 16, 1893.

noticed the grand harmony which had exited between he members of the club for so many years, and had enabled them to make great advancement in the playing of first-class football. Ile congratulated the town upon having such a lot of men wha could give an exposition of the game in a gentlemanly manner. He trusted the inhabitants of the town would come forward and help them to defray the cost of the stand by paying their extra sixpense, so that the burden might not rest long upon the shoulders of those responsible. (Applause.) Mr. Speaktnan started the hall for Halifax, with a capital kick, and Houghton returned. For the first ten minutes or so-each team was trying to find out the weak spots of the other. It was a question of bluffing a bit, and play was Scrambling in consequence. The home men attacked,and when Nash missed fielding the leather Halifax had a narrow escape, the ball just going into touch near the line. Then Arnold started some passing,. and after all the threequartera had a hand in the move- ment the leather was carried to the Runcorn half. ‘Var- der relieved the pressure, and excellent kicking by the backs on both sides ended in the game tieing waged at the centre. So far there seemed little difference between the merits of the teams. If anything, Ruaccrn had the advantag,oe the powerful punting of Houghton and the quick dashing tactics of the forwards being instrumental in gaining ground. A free kick being given to the home team,an attempt was made by Cromptnn to place a goal but success did not crown the effort. The game went on with little fluctuation, the only interesting incident for some minutes being a drop at goal by Warder, which failed to rise. Following a persistent attack on the Hali- fax line, Wilson and J. W. Mellor led a fine dribble,which transferred hostilities to the Runcorn line, Houghton just saving at this critical moment. The ensuing scrim- mage eave Runcorn a chance to rush the leather away to midfield, at which stage half-time was called with- out a point being recorded by either contingent. After changing ends the game became livelier than ever. The nimnle forwards of the home side scientifically screwed the packs, and keeping possession of the ball, put the Halifax men on the defensive. A series of bungles on the part a tbevisiting backs let the home players get dangerously near the line, and after a severe struggle in the Halifax 25 the ball was stmt to Crompton, who cleverly dodged a couple of opponents and dropped a splendid goal. This feat was , loudly cheered, and enthusiasm worked up to concert pitch. Runcorn played with spirit, Reece narrowly missing scoring a try a few minutes later. Then for an off-side movement the home team were penalized, and after Crompton had missed fielding a punt, Firth dashed up, and with a clear field seemed a certain scorer, but, slipping when only a couple of yards off the line, he was held. It was a fine effort, and really deserved a try, but if lightning-like sprinters will wear boots only it fOf skating in, what can be expected? However, the run was not altogether fruitless, for a minute later, when the scrimnaagers got working, the ball was passed to Keepings, and he beautifully dropped a fine goal. More cheers followed. The players then went into the warfare dingdon,,e. Morris made a good run and a bad pass, and Toothill gave an exhibition of his ability as a speedy dodger, almost getting over the Runcorn line. Then Drink- water and Morris put in grand individual efforts to score, and as a result tlfe Halifax line was threatened. The pressure was very severe, but the defence was equally good, and Halifax were forced at last to save. Then 'Jackson and Firth ran very gamely, a forward pass spoiling a fine opening, and in the last minute of the game another opportunity was presented to Runcorn, but Warder apparently couldn't grasp it, and the we/come call of time brought a grand match to a conclusion, with the score as follows ;--Runcdrn' one dropped goal' (four points) ; Halifax. one dropped goal (four points). The teams were as follows :—ltuncorn : Houghton, back ; Crompton, Drinkwater, Warder, and Morris, three-quarter backs; J. Faulkner and Abrams, half backs ; W. Faulkner Williams, Langley, Farmer, Davies, Jordan, Taylor and Reece, forwards. Halifax : Nash, back ; Toothill, Frith, Keepings, and Jackson, I three-quarter backs ; Arnold and Rigg, half backs ; Fletcher, Winskill, WilSon, R. Mellor, Brown, Knowlea, Rob,rts, Shaw, and J. W. Mellor, forwards. Mr. R. Cleege, of Wigan. acted as referee.. . . . -

_ , After the match the teams sat down to dinner at Wilson's lintel. Mr. Speakman occupying the position of honour. Subsequently a number of toasts were proposed and responded to, and the President gave the players s-ine good advice ns to tho manner in which they should conduct themselves. The healths of Crompton and Abrams, who have recently joined the ntimerousarmy of benedicts were not forgotten. LIVERPOOL JUNIOR LEAGUE.

MlNeoax v. TRANMERE " A." TsAms.—On Saturday Runcorn journeyed to Tranmere to fight their second battle in the newly Nrmed league. Their remarkable victory over Tuebrook the previous week had caused more than ordinary interest to he taken in the event,and it waft anticipated that the homesters would give the Runcornians a stiffer game. Certainly for the first twentv minutes they Played with great energy, but afterwards Runcorn had very much their Own way. Unfortunately, the weather was somewhat showery, but there was a good number ot spectators present when the teams lined out as follows :—Runcorn : Butterworth, back ; T. Robinson, Hollingsworth, Myers, and W. Gay- ter, three-quarter backs ; G. Robinson and Nicksan, half backs; Antrobua, Evans, Moores, Clarke, Lightfoot, Shaw, F. Gayter, and Johnson, forwards. Tranmere : Dingwall, back ; A Dillon, W. Male, and .1. Edwards, three-quarter backs ; Steele and Jones, half backs ; Savage, Letsom, Topham Rayden, E. Dillon, Murphy, Fink°, Dowd, and A. Eden, forwards. In the first half Tranmere held their own fairly well until G. Robinson, smartly got possession, and passing to W. Gayter, the latter got in at the corner, Butterworth making a splen- did shot for goal. The kick out brought but little re- lief, as Runcorn were now showing their true form. Male got a free kick which somewhat eased the pres- sure, but Butterworth responded by nearly dropping a goal. Half-time came with the score—Runcorn, one try, five minors ; Tranmere, nil. Male restarted, to which Nickson responded, the homesters making a vigor- ous attack wn the Runccrn citadel. However, their stay was of short duration, as the Runcornians were now fairly aroused,. and by sheer hard work forced their way to the Traiimere goal. Here some pretty pas- sing was witnessed, Nicksdn finally running in near the corner flag. Butterworth took the place, but failed to augment the point. Following the kick-out Runcorn ware much en evidence. Some tricky play between Nickson and G. Robinson ended in the latter scoring a pretty try between the posts, Butterworth kicking a goal. Still the pressure was kept up, Nickson again adding to the score, T.. Robinson placing the goal. Hollingsworth and Johnson next scored, and Antrobus placed a goal from a free kick. The final score was— Runcorn, four goals, four tries, ten minors ; Tranmere, nil.

TUIIIROOIC v. Wriatuts.—This match was played on Saturday afternoon on the ground of the former at Tue- brook. It was about twenty minutes after the advertised time when the home team kicked off, Widnes returning to the half-line, the ball going into touch. The home team, who were playing down hill, forced the visitors to their goal line, where a scrimmage took place. A. Linton succeeded in getting over, E. Linton failing at the major point. The visitors were somewhat aggressive, but Hughes brought play to the centre, where a couple of scrimmages took place. Widnea, after two free kicks, took the game to the Tuehrook line, Ellams giving some tPmoorary relief. Half-time arrived with the result that Tnebmok had scored one try to Widnes three minors. The Chemicals re-started, and play was at once settled' in the home 25. The visit4s succeeded in getting a free kick, hut the place was a failure. Tuehrook after a short reverse forced Widnes tack to their 25 ' • but their stay was short, for Johnson getting the oval passed to Forster, and the latter running strong got over, and Brennan succeeded in converting it into a goal. After the restart the visitors displayed more combination, their passing at times being very smart. Widnes, on account of picking from a pack, were penalized, the home team getting a free kick. This proved of little avail, the Chemicals still putting on pressure, Drummond scoring a second try, while Barbour failed at goal. A minute later Wright scored, converting it into a goal. Final result : Widnes, two goals, one fry, four minors; Tuebrook, one try.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

•„'' Secretaries of Football Clubs are requested to note that reports of matches played on Saturday must be sent to the head office, Bewsey-street. Warrington, not later than ten o'cldck on Wednesday morning,

GEORGE G. HUSSY and Co. are leading makers of Footballs. Hockey, Golf, and requisites for Sports. Games, and Gymnasia. Catalogue may he bad on application to the Sports Manufactory, Peckham, London, S.E. BEST A-Geßit BRAND.

RUGBY. MARRIED v. SINGLE. MATCH IN AID OF THE DISTRESS FUND.

The Warrington P. C. were left with an open date on Saturday. A match in aid of the local distress fund was arranged under the title of Married V. Single, and those who patronized the engagement had the double satisfac- tion of helping a good cause and witnessing a goocl game. Two good teams had been got together, and when Fair. Turner started operations for the married men, there was a large number of people lining the enclosure. The kick was charged, and for some time play was confined to the centre. Pretty passing saw Nevins failing to take the oval from Barnes, and Potts relieved. The juniors were having as much of the play as their opponents, and Hamblett only just cleared in time. Westall got nicely away, but dallied too long with the ball, and his kick was charged down. Boscow at this point .repeatedly proved his soundness as a custodian, but the Benedicts would not be denied, and for a considerable time play was confined to the railway end. Barnes put in some very tricky work, but to no avail, and when scoring seemed a certainty Potts intercepted a pass, and play was immediately transferred to the other end. Houghton showed up from a pack, but his pass was very wild. Monks, Edwards, and Griffiths dribbled nicely down the enclosure side, and from a line-out near the quarter-flag Griffiths gained possession and had an easy journey over, no goal resulting. The married men were chaffed by the crowd at this reverse, and the re-start saw them playing up with renewed vigour. Lally caused considerable amusement by his efforts to push Turner away on one occasion, and then some pretty passing by the Bates, Barnes, and Evans was witnessed. Westall was again prominent with a strong run down the open. and Jolley seemed all over a scorer, but was pulled down by Nevins. Barnes and Evans worked the oval away, and play was taken to the other end. Potts got in a lofty kick, but Evans met it, and running round his opponents in fine style he crossed the line near the corner flag, Turner giving the married men the lead by placing a fine goal. Half time was called with no further addition to the score. The second half was of the same character as the first, the ball travelling up and down the field very rapidly. Barnes evidently was in fine fettle, and it re- mineed one of the old days to see his tricky runs. Lally was also very prominent, but J. Bate got away from the pack and handed the ball over to Barnes. who gave the elder men a further lead by running behind the posts and _kicking a goal from the place. Then John Bate scored from a pass by James Bate, and another goal was registered by Barnes. The single men were evidently not disheartened by the heavy score against them, for after play had been located in the centre fora short time Berry got in a neat kick, and Edwards rnnning well got over, in rather a difficult position, no goal resulting. Time was now near at hand, but the scoring was not finished, for Westall got clear FL way. and ran to the line. Hamblett tackled him, but Potts was at hand and com- pleted the try, the kick at goal again failing. The whistle was now blown, and the final score read as fol- lows :—Married, three goals (15 points) ; Single, three tries (nine points).

WARRINGTON 2ND V. PENDLETON TRINITX IST.—The first meeting between these two clubs took place at Pendleton, on Saturday. Gibson won the toss and elected to play down hill. Hanley started for the home team, and Taylor charging down, Warrington took play to the home lines, and after a few tight scrimmages Barrett got over, but the referee ordered a five yards' scrimmage. Not to be denied Warrington continued to press, and Mason was nearly over, and at length, from a loose scrimmage, Wilcock got hold and ran in, the kick being a failure. From the drop out Carey got hold and put in a huge punt, and the visitors following up in grand style prevented a return. Wilcock next got hold and ran in his second try, Gibson placing a gaol. After a bit of neat passing between the visitors' backs, Carey secured, and rounding his opponents in grand style, gained a brilliant try, this brin-ing half time, Warrington leading-1w 1-2 2 to nil. The visitors re- started, and Chisnall showed up with a nice run and kick. Freeth broke away from a line out, and play was for a few minutes contested in the visitors' half. The home team were now having the best of it, but beyond minors they could not break through the defence .f the visitors. After a few spirited runs by Carey Gibson got over, the kick being a failure. Time was called , shortly after, leaving ‘Varrington the winners of a pleasant game. Final result : Warrington, 1-34 ; Pendleton, 0 0-2.

WARRINGITON ST. MARY'S V. WIGAN RECREATION.— Played at Wigan on Saturday. Thomas started the hall for the Saints, but there was no play of any note for the first fifteen minutes, when from a scrimmace, Thomas broke away with a grand run and made good headway and passed to Hampson, who soon out-ran his npponents and scored a try under the posts. fielsby failed to improve the point. When half-time arrived the score stood—St. Mary's, 1 try ; Wigan Rees., nil. After there-start there was some rough play. The game ended in a win for St. Mary's by one try to three minors.

WARRINGTON ST. MARY'S 2ND Y. WIGAN RECREATION 2ND.—This match was played at Warrington, with th. following result :—St. Mary's, two tries ; Recreatiou, one try.

WIDNES RANGERS V. WARRINGTON RANGERS.—The above teains openad their season's fixtures at Widnes on Saturday, before a good number of spectators, and after an interesting game ended in a draw (nothing tangi- ble being scored), this making the third successful drawn game hetween these competing clubs.

RUNCORN v. HALIFAX. OPENING OF THE GRAND STAND.

It was A red letter day in Runcorn Poo ball Club annals on Saturday. In the first place svas opened a new grand stand erected at a cost of about £l2O and in the second they opened what is hoped will boa mint successful sea- son, by meeting Halifax, the holders of the Yorkshire Cup. When the two teams e nterpii the arena, and up positions in front of the grand stand, there would be nearly 4.000 persons present, and the stand was well filled. The players were received ly loud cheering. Mr. P. Speakman, J.P., C.C., the president of the club, then deliveredia brief address in declaring the stand open. He said they were all very proud see the Halifax club present, to have a try with Itencorn, on the opening of that new stand. (Applause.) It had been greatly wanted for a long number of years. There was an old saying, and hs believed it was a true one, "ghat noth- ing, succeeds like success," and he thought they would all agree with him that they had A splendid stand, a rznod field, and a splendid lot of players. (Applause.) He was sure the combinations they would see that day would augur well for the combination of effort on the part of the townspeople of Runcorn, and vice-presidents to see that the debt incurred would quickly he liquidated It was a pleasure to him, as the president, to have

===== 0002601_18930916_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON v: ST. lIELbNS RECREATION.

Matches between the above clubs having always been productive of tough struggles, there was no wonder on Thursday that a crowd above ordinary dimensions should assemble at the Recreation enclosure to witness the first of the three matches arranged for the present season. Additional interest was centered in this match from the fact of the home team club having been sx- chided from the first division of the Lancashire Rugby League Competition after a series of remarkable successes last season, and which gave their supporters just cause for complaint. That the Saints were in form was shown by their clever victory over Wakefield Trinity, and being able to make a draw with Swinton. The Recs. received the valuable assistance of R. P. Wilson, of Liverpool Old Boys, whilst Warrington had the aid of T. Sudlow,who, although a Warringtonian, is now located in St. Helens, playing for the town club. When the teams lined up at six o'clock, they were found to be composed as follows :-w-Warrington Bosco fta back ; Potts, Fleesom, and Sucilow, three-quarters ; James Bate and Evans, half backs ; Turner, Jolley, Handles, Holmes, Dakin. fligliaro, Donohue, Ilerry,and Thorniley, forwards. Recreation : Crossley,back ; Ellison,Seddon, and Bolton, three-quarters; Pilkington and Molyneux, half backs ; R P. Wilson, Mousdale, Cheetham, Rey- nolds, Sidler, Chatiman, Briers,Gilhaud Fildes,forsvards. Evans. losing the toss, deputed Turner to kick Off up the incline, and a sensational start took place. After Edison had effected a grand run well within the visitors' quarters, Bosco w punted out of danger, and some !nul- ling of the saints' backs gave Turner a capital chance of displaying his abilities, and fielding the oval well, he ran to within easy reach of the line, passim?, at the right Moment to James Bate, who had little difficulty in put- ting the finishing touch on a well meant ef- fort. This early satcess of Warrington had its effect, for after Ow usual exchanges following the drop out, the Recreation bore down on the Warrington goal, and as a result of a neat bit of c,mliined play Bolton scored far out, a position which Seddon found too diffilult to augment from. With the sides on equal teams, beth went about their work in earnest, and repeatedly smell goal had hair-breadth escapes. It was remarkable how each side escaped dia.

I star, and Boscow luckily cleared after being hard ; pressed. Sadden tried a shot at goal with no success, whilst matters had an ominous aspect, when Turner's Imp out was charged. The home team were having heir spell of luck, hut eventually Warrington's time came, and Eleesom doing clever work at centre, being Fully occupied by the rapid transfers from Bate and Evans. Crossley had all his work cut out to keep his lines intact. Free kicks were the order, and once Turner fligham, and Jolley, got away, but their effort lacked finish. Seddon relieved well, only to see Evans gallantly respond, his final pass being faulty. A free kick to the visitors found Turner's shot failing by the merest shade, Warrington's second minor being sent up. Evans and Bate were now overplaying tho opposing half backs completely, and though the forwards did not relax their offorts, a little more discretion ,in their final essays would have assuredly augmented the score. Sudlow responded to a call made upon him in first class 4tyle whilst Potts was equally smart in preventing in- vasion. A fine run and kick by Evans was followed by Berry getting away from a line-out in capital style, but his pass gravitated into touch, and this incident brought half time with the scoreas a try each. Restart- , ing,neutral ground was the scene of operations,and after I Bolton had given his side a footing M the Warrington 25,Seddrin essafed to lower the visitors'goal with similar , success of hisforegoing effort. A fine run by Bate brought about a lengthened attack, and the Recreation goal ex- perienced some wonderful escapes, Bate was again con- spicuotis with another of his characteristic runs from a pass by Evans, but his exchange to Turner was ruled forward. Bandies next got away from a line out,Holnier held the oval just a shade too long, and another chance was lost. Pilkingtou cleared his lines well, but the response of his colleagues was only half-hearted, and the fast pace at which the game had been carried on now began to tell on them. On the other hand, Warrington infused more vigour into their tactics, and another case of hard lines was followed by their perseverance being rewarded, Bate dodging over neatly, and giving his side once more the lead by three points, Taylor again failing with the place. Berry, Jolley, and Dakin were in the first rank in another rush which threatened the home goal, and although Pilkington got clear and placed his side on the aggressive slightly, the Recs. were never really dangerous. Twice did Seddon try to gain the lead with his usually deadly drops, but fortunately for Warrington, the old Aspull player was faulty on this occasion, and the end of a brilliantly contested game was a victory for Warrington by two tries (six points) to a try (three points), the latter portion of the game being played in darkness.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

WIDNES V. Hurrosr QIISERY.—These teams met at Widnes, on Saturday. Both were well represented. Widnes played with good combination in the first half, scoring two goals against nil. The visitors played an excellent game in the second half, scoring six against Widnes one. The Widnes goalkeeper defended excel- lently. Final—Huyton, 6; Widnes, 3. I'ENEETII V. BROADHEATH.—On Saturday afternoon last, the Penketh team journeyed by bus to Broadheath, to play that club. The weather was fine awl the game was most enjoyable. The Penketh men had the best of the.game from the start, the Broadheath men being un- able to break through the brilliant defence of the Pen- keth backs. Dumbill scored the first goal, and Penketh playing finely, Bowyer and Stanley put two goals each through,and at the call of thne,Penketh were the winners 'by five goals to none. Two other goals were disallowed.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

WARRINGTON v. SALE.

The concluding match of he Warringtonians took place on Naturday, when they met the Cheshire club at Sale in the return engagement. Whilst Sale were strongly represented, it was th be regretted that the visitors placed such an indifferent team in the field, and of the really first-class players only three who claim dis- tinction in this respect did duty. Messrs. S. M. and J. J. Crosfield, R. Smith, W. H. Podmore, L. A. Voisev, and W. Mortimer were all absentees. The visitors won the toss and sent their . opponents in to bat. The closure WAS applied by the homesters when they had scored4sB. This lett Warrington an hour and twenty minutes in which to save the match, but a disastrous start was made. Starting with G. Clarke and Ciark, the latter bowled with not a run scored, and though J. Smith and the initial batsman defied the attack for some time, the total had only reached five when Clarke was taken behind the wicket. Smith and Bell-were both too late with fast ones from Browning, but a valuable stand was made by C. H. Unsworth and Woods. The bowling was played confidently, and it looked prObable that no ferther wicket would fall, when Whitelegge effected a capital single-kanded catch which disposed of Woods. Jeans came to Uesworth's assistance, and a better face was put on the game, so at 38 Wright displaced White- fegge. Jeans batted freely, but he failed to master one from Wright,Benton taking a smart catch at coverpoint. Whitele,2ge went 411 for a couple of overs a few minutec before six, and had the satisfaction of getting Unsworth's wicket, the retiring batsman haviag performed credit- ably for his 28, and practically saving Warrington from defeat. Duckworth was lbw to Wright, but Ashton and Harrison played out tinsa, and the final result was a draw. Score and bowling analysis :

SLLE. _ _WAR/lI:P(4TM NC Browning cDuckworth G Clarke c Nicholls b b Bell H A Whittle not out ...... 56 Clark b C Browning ... . 0 H Benton 0 Clarke b J Smith b C Browning Ashton Wright b Ashton 0 legge 26 J 0 EullalovenoS out ..... 8 It Bell he Browning... Woods o and b 'mac W Jeans c Benton b Wright W Duckworth lbw b Wrigut 0 Ashton not out Har:lson not out Extras 5 Extras 5

Total 155 Total 55 BOWLING ANALYSTS. RILE. WARRINGTON. 0. M. R. W. O. M. R W. R Bell 9 2 33 1 C R Browning 19 10 26 3 W Ashton G Clarke_ Harrison 6 1 26 I Browuing bowled a no-ball. Clare

- WARRINGTON T. &LH (2ND).—Score : WARRINGTON. SAL. Proud run out Jolley c Street b Hamilton 0 Axon run out Smith lbw b Counsel Brown b Counsel / Hamilton b Connor .....: 36 linsliworth b Hamilton Parry b Counsel Conner at Whittle b Connor 4 Hamilton Hampson not out Williamson b Harailton Dunn not out Langley not out 7 Hayes not out . . 0 Extras Total (for 9 wickets)... 89 Total

===== 0002601_18930916_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

LEGH CHALLENGE CUP. The folbwinsc match was played in this competition on Saturday ' NEWTON V. BVRTONWOOD.— At Burtonwood.

rrinrrom. mnrromWooD. W Apnftl T Fairelough 2l M Welt. H Williams 2l Metiers _ _ _

A 101ough 2l J Worthing! on -i R Smith 3 Abbott 8 3 Jackson G Lyons W S ralrelough

116 At Newton.

xf-wroy. B Falrelough 2l T T Boucher 8 3 Itimmar H Sweetlora Sith . J Bateman 2l W Honghton W Hall 2l T Belfield J Walker 2l J %Vomit:" 5 W Liptrott 2l T Jackson

r RTONWI

===== 0002601_18930916_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
Majority for Newton 93

ri ENTS AS FERRY BOATS.

Interesting experiments have recently been made (the Berlin correspondent of the" Standard says) with the new tents which the soldiers carry with them. 'The end in view is to make the tents, or rather their cloth, serve to construct ferry boats for the soldiers baggage. The importance of this military novelty for actual war is too great to be overlooked. Pioneers cannot always be at hand to build a bridge in cases where troops are unexpectedly obliged to cross a waterc3urse. To swim A steam in full accoutrement is not without danger even for the best swimmers. In future, however, the sol- diers will be relieved from this necessity by the folding ' tents which they carry with them. They will collect hrushwood and small branches with which to weave a light framework. The tent cloth will be unfolded, laid over the framework, and fastened to it in such a man- ner. that the water cannot pass through. The men will then strip and put all their baggage and accnuntre:nents into the sackcloth ferryboats, which will effectively pre- serve them from getting wet. The soldiers then swim across, pushing the ferryboats before them, so that they will reach the opposite shore with all their belongings dry. These experiments have been made on a large scale by the pioneers during their recently terminated autumn exercises, and have led to very favourable re- sults both as to time required and the trouble oceaskoned by the transformation. During the ma Dego vfes the ex- periments are being continued and eaten:3o to the veil- w.ts tranches of the service. •

PROPOSED BOROUGH BENCH AT

WIDNES.

A. public meeting called by advertisement. was held in the Irish National League Rooms, on Monday evening, for the purpose of considering the advisability of memorialising the Town Council of Widnes to apply to the Queen to create a borough bench of magistrates. There was a very poor attend- ance. Mr. Catuncillor Gough presided.—Mr. T. Delaney proposed : "That this meeting of burgesses of Widnes having considered the many disadvantages, delays, and unnecessary expenditure, caused through the borough having to depend upon the county magistrates for the administration of justice, and the exercise of magisterial powers, declares that a separate ' commission of the peace ought to be granted to the borough, and calls on the members of the Council tq talte immediate steps to petition Her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen to ebtain such grant."—Mr. Delaney remarked that he would not say that the present benca was not an efficient one, but he thought the business might be better conducted by a borough bench, which would be another step towards complete local self- government. A borough bench would not add anything to the rates, and they would be able to have as magis- trates, men who understood those who were brought be- fore them. The manner in which some cases had been dealt with in Widnes was a disgrace to the town, and it was time there was an alteration.—Mr. Lofthouse se- conded the motion.—Councillor O'Donnell supported. He contended that the ratepayers ought to have the right to appoint 12 or 14 magistrates froin amongst them selves. At the present time there was only one magis- trate living in the town, so that prisoners was locked up one night, and kept there sometimes until three or four o'clock next day, because the police could not get a magistrate, as the county squire was taking his ease and the commercial man was at business. They would also have to see that three or four labour mrgistrates were appointed, for it often happened that a man was tried before his employer, which was not just.—The motion was carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN CRICKET CLUB.,

During the past season, 19 matches have been piayeri, of which 5 were won, eight lost, and six drawn, 1,674 runs having been scored by Runcorn, including extras, for the loss of 178 wickets, an average of 9.4 pee wicket; as againg:l,4BB runs, including extras, scored by their opponents for the loss of 166 wickets, an average of 8-96 per wickets. .

AVERAGES. BATTING.

No. of

Times

Most in an

innings. no. out. RUM. innings. -Av'ge. Rev G H Kingaton 3 ... 0 ... 143 ... 58 ... 47•66 J Woods R Cooloon J H Crompton Burton (pro) (IS Frith l7 0 14; .... 38 ... 85 J M Frith CE Linaker 8 1 .. 58 ... 19 ... 8.2 W W Wynne .... S Abrams s 8 1 50 ... 17. ... 7.1 W Anderton 11 Wright l4 1 87 ... 16* ... 6.69, H Pcpe " 14 ... 0 ... 87 ... 31 ... 5.78 j Battey 8 Crow l3 ' 1 59 ... 19 ... 4.81 *Signifies nor. out. BOWLING.

livers. Maid. ns. Huns. Wic Av'ge. P Pope ll 2... 4 ... 28 ... 5 ... 5.6 T Charleston J Woods . .... 214 3... 60 ... 373 ... 58 ... 643 H, Wright 13 ... 3 ... 40 ... 6 ... 6.68 Burton (pro) 6B 3... 10 ... 175 ... 24 ... 7.29 .1 Outlay l7B 4... 36 ... 424 ... 38 ... 1115 J H Crompton 88,2.— 18 ....,184 ... IS ... 12.26 S Abrams

TEE COAL WAR AT EARLESTOWN. There Is is nothing new to chronicle in connection with the collier's strike so far as this district is concerned, except that the distress, which is not , alone confined to the families of Collier's, becomes more widespread and severe. The efforts however which have during the past few weeks been made to cope with it are 'still being "pushed forward, and I to some extent augmented, so that at the present time every known case of winit is being adminis- tered to. Not only does this apply to Earlestown; but cases from Collins Green, flaydock, and even on to the confines of Wigan, are receiving assistance. The inhabitants are responding very generously to the appli- cations for funds, and there does not in consequence ap- pear to be any scarcity in material from winch to pro- vide the sopp, hotpot, Ito., which is given out. le fact some of the colliers' wives say they are better fed now, than if their husband.: were at work. The Earlestown Distress Committee, continue to administer relief every day from their quarters at the Conservative Club, and on Sunday afternoon 537 children were supplied with a good meal, consisting of tea, bread and butter and buns. On Monday 90 gallons of soup and 10 loads of potatoes and 20 loaves were distlihuted, on Tuesday 200 loaves and 90 gallons of soup, and on Wednesday a similar quantity. Mr. M. Winstanley also continues his good work, and on Sunday at the Mission Hall, 340 persons partook of a substantial hot pot dinner, each child on leaving the room being presented with a bun. On Monday he gave away 100 loaves and 60 gallons of soup. Mr. Ilandyside, commencing on Monday last has entertained at the Mission Hall each day, 150 children to a substantial dinner, and 100 women to &substantial tea at five o'clock. The central relief committee is now in full working order, and have each day distributed large quantities of bread and potatoes at the Mission Hall. Were it not for these several and praiseworthy aids, it is hard to sty what would be the condition of the people at the present time. The cricket match which was played last week, realised *the sum of £l5, whicb has been handed over to the Earlestown distress committee. Another cricket match will be played on Saturday after- noon between the/' Earlestown clubs, and 22 nonrdes- cripts, when it 4s hoped a large attendance 'will be secured.

EXIGRATION.—Intending emigrants to Mew TOrk, Bost! n Philadelphia, San Francisco, Cana, China, Japan, Al.s tralia, or New Zealand. should take ti .kets (lowest rates) at the '• Examiner" Office, by Onion, American, Australian Oriental, Itud other lines.—John Walker, agent."Eximiner. ()thee, Beweey-at., Warelnieton.—Adot.

The Czar of Russia, has 21 homes in the live stock exhibit of the World's Fair. Some of them have pedi- grees that run back 125 years, and there are several stallions for which $lOO,OOO apiece has been refused.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
MEDICAL.

A CARD.

EVEREND JOSEP HOLMES' improv., I JL Mexican Prescription, as disoovered in the hot tah,,, hinds of Old Mexico, is a guaranteed cure to all those who flirter irons the errors and indiscretions of youth, nei you, Weakness, physical exhaustion, and early decay. To intro- duce it into lingland, the Mexican Prescription will be s,tit tree of charge. upon receipt of a self addressed starorect envelope. (July address ; JOSEPII li.or.stics' Remedy 4%.t.. Ploonisboi.v Mansions,. illownsbury-squern, London, Willi 'lention this piper.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE POUND

•

OUT OP EVERY THIRTY POUNDS OP TE!,, CONS

===== 0002601_18930916_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
iUMED IN GREAT BRITAIN LS SOLD

BROOKE. .BOND & Co. Think of the millions of men, women, and chil; dren in our teeming land and then realise th. Brooke, Bond Cc Co. supply one out of every thirs in those myriads with Tea. ACTISTII BEST PROOF OF VALUE. WE DO NOT FEAR COMPETITION, and /le court comparison, for our position is impregnable' WHY? BECAUSE we buy for " cash " and sell for " cash " 0311 million pounds of Tea every year; so we can ° and do sell every pound for the smallest profit. We deal in TEA ONLY. It is plain indeed that e firm which devotes all its attention to Tea sled:, must give the Public the best possible value "- Tea.

established

Our gigantic business has been . twenty-three years, our reputation is so big"; sad we have altogether so much at stake that *v- ar. thus bound by the best and surest of all guars:; tees to do the utmost possible for the Public a 2 /or "ay. WILL YOU NOW TRY THE TEA ITSELF ? It is sold in One-pound, Half-pound. and Quarte; pound Packets. Each is prepared and sealed bYre at our own Warehouses, and bears Our 51g115`-ic and celebrated Trade Mark of the double-010S or six-pointed star. OUR AGENTS draw their supplies constaritlit from us, and they sell exactly the some Teo s the same prices as at our celebrated warehouses. l/-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 2/-, 2/4 Or 2/8 per 117" WE ARE GLAD to receive applications I°T. Agencies In thia District from energetic trades; people. Selling our Tea is already a regul% annuity to thousands of enterprising rneo ,

women. BROOKE, BOND, ec CO., LIMITOI PICCADII LEEDS.

----_--0.

ted my al-

aye

)_u_V.. sm

and ilise that ery thh4_,/

f, and vie egnable• 1., manY ; can se" profit. cod tfint B Tea aWne valise ;tablialled so big". e that We guarad; üblic ag. ELF ? Quarte' led bY 'l6 3ignstere ;-triangle onstana le Tea at

I

per lb' tons for c tradev i regUlor alid Tien

LITE°,

,p4issz° ESI fn carrying TO S • dienge mat,tr,, ht. TeSt it era ; „ Itiatl f" odd Off; certAtove thertm.vg, 1; rl:tr the whieh V itr er e t"!- 6 within

, :11401" Et A' QV' all " poc pres C"cl• :8 woote a.Der

5. 000 thst De n ca,rei .pourrio, bV clls' n n °ford,' f rOin for 7; r‘ni 4 +; ininen'vol" ; to .nith ,eOl DC ea O'rt° KY'

Li je

P

===== 0002601_18930916_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
X 7, PICCADILLY. MANCHESTER, wRADFORD, AND LONDON.

a it 12 WOODS' PATENT GALVATiIa- TEEL WIRE MAT TRESSES, • Persian Bed ;steads coustlete. To be seen caffYli3" ONB TO N% We chAlie thenge moor.? thatoainst!eidtnntli‘drse.ilittir:aotil;:tticiteiEede oatilwr:l,:r rtn.:(reer Jatiresses has been that 'og, stretched a rer a time. whk'h _ true We 4lvt this severe,,,tela 6 prove that ours will not stretch. if they do years we will replace with new ones. ' To he had frlrn s THOMAS SWITCH, Sale Rooms. Leh THB LONOPORri WllO3l Co ,Lirnited.WASlLlHts.

FITS OR EPILEPSY. GIDDINESS, SENSATIONS, FAINTS. t igait: I will demonstrate to the whole world how On. OA dreadful Of ail complaints, "Epilepty," which hitherto contidered incurable, can be perm ,neitilone OA (without th• chance qf failure) Write with full iltrovirli confidence to the "Secretary," Burwood House,:arsto, Place, Hyde Park, London. He will send you. tull Instructions for cure, and advice on diet. (yr ;This useful book i d Wri ttd.l bff. 5 A tingui,hed London l'uyi,cinn ni iT7O 0 fo, guidance of those who surfer If r 0 , Ston ach, kelatolonov, or oleo. 01,i of Indigestion and Nervo.o to svoa

GUIDE an:ll44l:Olvwhattot" 4xt. ht lealt. 00" strength. A . copyre-aiWnill FREE be gratis and post paid, u_Y . Tonics Company, (0 DePar 6, Sloane Square, London, THE BURTONWOOD CHAPELO.

AN ANCIENT. TRUST DISKTBv• 101 The recent inquiry by Mr. Durniord on the be- tO a Charity Commissiouers regarding bit! r„ ifielif"St; school and schoolhouse at Burtonwood.„`"„o I Helens, has created considerable interest. N'LitY report ,of the Charity Commissioners (o°g"-old• LanCaster) it appears that in 1741 Mr. Petel,i'" Bold Hall, vested in trustees a house to be ot-,;,, Why, public school "for the teaching of children of ""d bitants or landowners of the township in stiela learning as is usually taught in such schools." income was derived from an old rate and thB master was allowed to charge a fee for 'educating c f." who resided outside Burton wood. In 1793 a balh.r;;;tici:: the residence of the toaster was erected tn! bearing date Ist April, 1793, gave to Hobert i"- and it is now let at £lO a year. Jonathan Lue 01„;:,,teft t-)0010 D. 11),, and his heirs male R.4o.l,rovided the tua-ter,:, he duly qualified to reach and inatrucG the Virgil, Horace, and Hhe "lomer, tOn ek TesEameTtr;cosi the same being a grammar school, for whiel ~,,g t) the master should tenth eight poor chilorim por Burtonwood,whose pavnts should not have w," from the town, " to read, write, and aid an money, coins, weights and nu,astirco, And the nate-„st4 of the Church of England, and that the school?, lye should bring them to church,there to say the sarnr',,,,isr Court of Chancery for the Coun,y Ifine 181`-'.!, „or- d 5t1.1050 ed the interest of the £4O to YV t the at"'" d 5 .1„...1 t , han pose but the interest and arr, at') remained in 1118 of the Rev. S. Masters until he made a o his property for the benefit tel his creditors. 1' e; years additions have been made to thesehool to roe •vetrots of a growing population,a lid the to the School Board. On the appointment of the r„ vicar, the question aroso whi tier the trosteeS vicar were entitled t the ownership of the s,ol' schoolhouse, and the enquiry was held t "etl, • cc! point. Some correspondence haa taken ..• • - understand the commissioner; kr,„7o in favour Of the trustees,

11

f'w aro earhtit's! g—t feaaor er Per•Bl3el 100

-art f 16211 11' or te4 to ,Iti* be ttrrit.!Y

With French and . do.lo2s—French. ,4P 1 1111 ;111 • :-.- toxvw.,w, 0 4 0.411 ffv t compliati 12. 311- . 1 " CV,

-4nt tttllY

1.

T/11 Lt a of me

v.,5c2m

........ri

1

I

===== 0002601_18930916_art0084.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• , .4, 1 •

===== 0002601_18930916_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S

BEEC AM'S

BEEC AM'S

BEECHAM'S

BEECH 'S PILLS.

B A PILL&

M'S PILLS.,

BEECH M'S PILLS.

THE EXAMINFP, g TTTPD AV. SEPT MI ER 16. 1- P 3.

Supreme 'nique

w

===== 0002601_18930916_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
'•-,s• :,;,-(:)'-!.",n4.1:,...,/,;•:"Aov ", -.1,4:4V0r'r". ''o-4t.1 4 ....1. , t .•.'',4 ' " • ' h ' "..:'''''''''.4'4;,.;"if . '''''''''''''' '''. .. ' , - - . • , •..„,•., , •...,,,,, ":—." "'",isi." q..i.f- ~ ,-,.;, : • '',./ ..i-,..>••• 11. , .1-.1.7 , Tv:4 , : ' e• ',Z.:: i, g ~,...4 ; •!.. . . : . , 2.) '; . •,..,.4.:-:''''':' '2s?,•'• „ ~. 4:l';',, . ... , . , „ ' ' '. • e A I' „ , ~ , '' ' ''edV••Vr.,'s ,',4' '.:S:',;!!'• ..,::, ' : ,'.;:.,,, , 04?•; `,;:, ~ :)',,: , , '.l. ~: ' ' . . . , .. -.' le,'": . ft, ',. li •)•'`'.' I ". ~ ', . . ~ Nu. „c. • •. , ... ~k.- fivi, •,AN ... ~... • .., -. .4.v.::, .*-6; •. , .-- -,•-• , , :;...,"...- ~. ••—•‘,"•-••' ••'..- ~ii' . ~ e.:.

Are universally admitted to be worth a Guinea a Box for Bilious and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fullness, and Swelling after Meals, Dizziness and Drowsi- ness, Cold Chills, Flushings of Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Scurvy, Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Trembling Sensations, Bzc. The first dose will give relief in twenty minutes. This is no fiction, for they have done it in countless cases. Every suf- ferer is earnestly invited to try one Box of these Pills, and they will be acknowledged to be

===== 0002601_18930916_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
PILLS.

PILLS.

PILLS.

PILLS.

WORTH A GIJI:!''',,:':EA.,::. BOX,

For Females of all ages these Pills are invaluable. No Female should be without them. There is no medicine to be found to equal BEECHAM'S PILLS for removing any obstruction or irregularity of the system. If taken according to the directions given with each Box, they will soon restore Females of all ages to sound and robust health. This has been proved by thousands who have tried them, and found the

benefits which are ensured by their use

For a weak stomach, impaired digestion, and all disorders of the liver, they act like magic, and a few doses will be found to work wonders upon the most important organs in the human machine. They strengthen the whole muscular system, restore the long-lost complexion, bring back the keen edge of appe- tite, and arouse into action, with the rosebud of health, the whole physical energy of the human frame

These are facts testified continually by members of all classes of society.; and one of the best guarantees to the nervous and debilitated is that BEECHAM'S PILLS have the largest sale of any patent medicine

in the world.

Full directions are given with each Box. Sold by all lh uggists and Patent Medicine Dealers in the United Kingdom.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
In Boxes, at 91c1., Is. Ed., and 2s. 9d. each.

. __ . _ -- -. . . .. .

:

THREE PREPARATIONS of Real and Attested Value : T_T M. ASHTON'S TIC AND NEURALGIA •31IXTU1IE, lii is. bottles, gives instantaneous relief. .1.-1. 31. AS:iTON'S.TONIC VEGETABLE LIVER • PILLS. Md. and Is. boxes contain no injurious

Dewitt, COMPLAINT. biliiiiiii, in is. bottles, used in

all forms of Choler,. These are to bo obtained only of the Proprietor, SANKEY- STREET PHARMACY, 63, Sankey-street (opposi e f.egh-street), Warrington.

Zettiro to tin Cittor.

"PUBLICANS' DIRTY WORK."

Sir,—l see in a late issee of your valuable paper, that Mr. lint, the Chief Constable of Warrindton, has given the note of %yarning to local publicans, that he and his staff in the lii' ire don't intend to do so much of the publican's dirty work as they have hitherto done. Surely Lb. put:l:cans cannot complain against the head con- stable for his statement so lately given, and so full of measin", as well aS of warning. First, it means that the punlican's business is polluted : otherwise it could net be cerrectly called "‘iirty," and, no one can disprove that fact seeorMly, it means that in the past too much of the publicans' polluted work has been done for them by our local police--at the expense of the general taxpayers who have to surport the police force ; while the waalthy brewers and publicans real) al the profits of their busineis. 'Thirdly, it shows that the gEneral tax- payers have just Eround of complaint against those who reap all the profits of the drink traffic, and saddle others with the cost, who do a more honourable and Essential business for the welfare of humanity. Fourthly. it proves ail honourable and essential trades and trades- people, ;is well as the toiling masses, are gulled and cursed by the drink traffic and its owners with the wrecks and sari effects produced by the foes of essential trade and mankind. It is an admitted fact that the drink traffic causes over fieventy-five per cent, more policemen to be employed in order to keep the pcace of the nation than would other- wise be needed. Over 360,000 persons are apprehended annually for drunkenness. In all fairness, those who reap the profit out of the hundred and forty-two millions spent annually in the drink trade ought to bear all the expense of their "dirty work," and even then, the sober public would have to endure vastly too much of personal insult and personal injury arising out of the publican's " dirty work." About three hundred thousand persons are annually confined in the workhouses in this country, while 3,000,000 persons come upon the books of the , parish unions, mostly the "dirty work" of the publicans, and about 80,000,000 bushels of grain destroyed annually in the "dirty work" of the publicans. To crown all the above, 120,000 deaths are annually caused, either directly or indirectly, to perpetuate the " dirty work "of the publicans ; in addition to untabulated and , unutterable pains and miseries endured by our sisters and brothers. Those who reap the cash blessings of the drink traffic and those who have legalised the traffic and dabble in the glass, are so in love with the publican's work, and with their own views thereon, that they glory in sup- posing themselves the only perfect examples worthy of imitation,and the only perfect judges and rulers "of the publican's dirty work." They sneer at all those who abstain, for conscience sake, as bigots unfit to betaken any notice of. But tieeper, and broader reflection shows that wine bibbers and those who reap £ s. d. out of the drink traffic are actuated by selfishness only. Whereas, those who live and labour without either strong drink or the £ s. d. profit thereon, spend and are being spent for the general good of their fellow-creatures and the honour of humanity. How long shall the most selfish and heartless class of tradespeople pride themselves and their friends as if they were the people whose chief aim in their traffic was to bless mankind, while all the facts of the case proves that their traffic is, as St. Augustine states, "The mother of all mischief, the root of crimes, the spring of vices, the whirlwind of the brain, the tempest of the tongue, the ruin of the body, the wreck of chastity, a loss of time, a voluntary rage, a shameful weakness, the stain of honesty, and plague and corruption of the soul ?"—Faithfully yours, R. STOREY,

===== 0002601_18930916_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
• ESTABLISHED 1851. BIRKBECK BANK, Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane. London. TWO-AND-11-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed on DISPOSITS, repayable on demand. ,

TWO sper CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, on the minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lOO.

STOOKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purchased end said SAVINGS DEPARTMENT.

For the encouragement of Thrift theßank receives small sums on deposit, and allows Interest monthly on each completed £1

• BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASH A MOUSE FOR TWO GITINEIB PER MONTH.

BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY uciff TO PURCHASE A PLOT OP LAND FOR FITE SHILLINGS PER MONTH.

The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars. post free FRAIWIS RAVIINSCBOFT. Manager.

HEMET &REM WARRINGTON.

W .. . „ I'4 ' . ..,: . . . . . .. . .

===== 0002601_18930916_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
T MACHINBRY

4 4 KEATING'S PO*DEE:' Kills !Nein, Etngß. Mtlj. ffeettes— ,

4 4 WEATING'S POWDER." Kills Fleas. Bugs, Moths. Beetles.

" KEATING'S POWDER." Rills Fleas. Bags. Moths. Beetles.

I' KEATING'S POWISEE' - Rills Fleas. Bugs, Moths„ ,Beetles.. •

‘‘ POWDER"

This powder, so celebrated: is rerfeetiy unrivalled in destroying BUGS, FLICAS, MOTHS. BERTLBS, and all Insects (whilst perfectly harmless to all animal life). All woollens and furs should be well sprinkled with the Powder before placing away. It is invaluable to take to the Seaside. To avoid disappointment Insist upon having " Keatine• Powder." No other Powder is effectual. Sold on,y in tint, 6d., is., and 2s. 6d. Beware of imitations. Don't be deceived.

WORM'S IN CHILDREN, WORMS IN _ CHILDREN.

are eisily. surely. and with perfect safety got rid of by using, KEATING'S WORM TABLETS. Nearly all children suffer from Worms. If suspected. do not wait; you can with ease cure the child (has no effect except on worm.). Sold by all Chemists. in Tins Is. ltd each.

B LAIR'S GOUT. IMLUMATISM, LUMBAGO, . DYBURALGIA, ?.11C' SCIATICA. 11111Y° 11:S1) G°l3l

ACUTS PAIN is quickly relieved and cui ed in a few days by these celebrated Pills, well known as the Great Remedy for the above complaints. Sure, Safe, and Mantual. SOLD BY ALL C}iIMISTS at Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. per box. 1:)ILLS1.

JPST TRY TEE (114. ND MEDICINE.

AGRIPPIN IS FREE FROAI POISON.

It is a most wonderful discovery and has never yet failed to CURE any new Rash oh the Skin or anyone hot and feverish. whichare signs of a person beginning with Measles or Scarlet Fever or Smallpox. a few doses of AgripPin cures like magic. AGRIPPIN CURES ERYSIPELAS, with only a few doses it makes the skin very red and pain- ful; also It cures very quickly any painful Inflammation whatever ; or Influenza, or Cold In the Head. .LL quickly, CURES SORE CRESTS very quickly, and should not be neglected, because it aenerally tile beginningof Inflammation of the Lungs "Pneumonia " which is very dangerous. AGRIPPIN CURES when all other remedies have failed, blood poisoning, blood disorders. dropsy. pleurisy, pains n the ride, back and loins, liver corn paints, bites of animals, bronchitis, shortness of breath, and neuralgia. SOLD BY JOSEPH BIBBY, Grocer, St. James's-street, Latchford. Prepared only by

T. FORSTER, PATENT MEDICINE VENDOR. EARLESTOWN. LANCASHIRE.

TMPORTANT INVENTION for the married, harmless and 1. certain, 4 stamps for sample.-4. ANDREW, 54 Perth-roads London. N.

JF MARRIED. or going to, be wise and send your address in confidence. Stamp address for reply.—Youso AND Co., 89, Barker-pool, Sheffield.

A RISTOTLE'S WORKS, with plates 352 pages, 30 stamps. .11 "Paris by night, or Gay Life in Paris"; illustrated 50 stamps.—Postfree Ii BOWICER. 27. Renshaw-st., Liverpool

-12XCHA.NGE for Stamped Nncelope for particulars. Mar- ried Lady has a most valuable harmless recipe for ladles.—Mrs. BAYLEY, Broad-et., Nottingham.

TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL tit STEEL PILLS for 1 Females, quickly correct all irregularities, reinove iii obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptoms so preva- lent with the sex. Boxes Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. of all chemists sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker, B. T. TOWLE, Chemist, Nottingham.

ONE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is war- to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs, In either sex (acquired or constitutional), G-ravel, and Pains in the back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold In Boxes, 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors, throughout the World ; or sent to any address for six.ty stamps by the Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUB COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BARCLAY it SoNd. London. and all the Wholesale Houses.

I OT°RIAL nPAN le, k %L °FORTE ' "sit. ' : t i 1, :'. ;: - OR, r NET 250 PAGES 9 (Full Music Sise). , Contains 70 Illustrations ~• The Pictorial Tutor being pub. lished at Net Price, it cannot he obtained De.,cripttve Prospectus sent post free t, o " Magazine 4NI usic" ...A.,,‘, , 1 ttc wont. ro.nurkable , 11 rhr.',St boo"( ,cr published. ~oelr. r. °:IaPPI" k"' t•• • . • . ••• f k.,' 'ri - l'.rori, .....toliFael 14 I] 111 POST FIR. and over 250 Songs, Dances, Carols, Anthemsi and Hymn Tunas.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
... . , ~.., .. ......:. .. -.. NI . ..,• ~ ~... ... • ... :0 4 -.''r 4 ? ''.ll.' : ): ~" -!. ‘:,,r . 111 111 ill II

, „ „ft:CA' iiht ~ ,v, , ~4'Y A, ,• •: ' ';', A -,,,..,41. • ,i , A•ifseri , .rm .. 4' 'qv 'IN , *" :.54 '' , ; ',*.Z tei4,„‘ , , . . -,4 '4..t.ii,:::ff.- s,!', ' ,: 0—"1/4;' , %-s, ....", . ,` '''', '.,0 ,t, '-'•::: ",' ''s". ~ • ^1154,19kr. ,1 '.l, .4.P.; - ' 'lj' ''''' ' ' ~... r.,„, c ' ..4"." • 0,4'. Li:di

===== 0002601_18930916_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE COAL CRISIS.

Sir,—ln the interests of suffering humanity—of hungry men, famishing women, and starving children —can nothing be devised to put an end to this terrible tragedy now being enacted between the colliery pro- prietors and their workpeople ; for it is nothing other than a tragedy, when men are being shot down and children, and possibly adults, are dying of hunger. A touching case was reported from Cumberland in last Saturday's "Manchester Guardian." A child of two years of age died ot starvation ; the father in despera- tion said he would not see his family starve any longer —he would go to work and risk it. He did go. 'I bat night he was savagely beaten, his family maltreated, his furniture smashed ,and his windows and house wrecked. One would scarcely believe a few weeks ago that such things would happen as have taken place in the interval —acts that place the perpetrators beyond the pale of civilisation and consign them to barbarism. Acts that tend to alienate the sympathy that has been extended

to the men on strike 'fron the commencement. to now,

and will. I hope be still extended in a practical form - until this war of interests shall be ended. But it must be borne in mind that many other interests and busi- nesses are brought to a stand besides the miners, and there is much suffering and privation all round, thus curtailing the help that would otherwise be given. One thing can be done if nothing else, and that i 3 to refrain, as far as possible, from the use of exasperating lan- guage. Both sides are hurting fierce defiance at each other. This does no good, as moderate language is quita as powerful and effective as the fiercestrailing that tongue can utter er pen write. A teaspoonful of oil will go further in allaying friction than a pint of vinegar. I think it would be wisdom and no loss of prestige if the masters were to hold out the flag of truce. They were the first to declare war by demanding a reduction of 25 per cent, in wages. And there is an explanation wanting here. While some say that it is 25 per cent. on current rates, others say 25 per cent, off the rates of 1888 ; others that it is 25 per cent, off the advances of 40 per cent, given since 1888. Which is it? or what is the actual reduction demanded? Be it how it may, 25 per cent, is a big drop, and should be plainly stated. It has been said that vast fortunes have been made in coal. So there has, in many other businesses—in beer for instance. The drink manufacturers pile up their , millions and few comparatively strike against them. Fortunes have been lost in coal. I know of many, and but for encroaching too much on your space I would name them. I mention one, it was a co-operative con- cern near Wakefield. It collapsed when coal was double the price it is now. There are prosperous and profitless collieries. The royalty owner (who never stirs a finger except to receive that which he never earned) stands first on the list to profit by coal mining. After him the middle man (especially in the house coal trade). Coal doubles in price from the pit hank to the coal cellar of , the consumer, and neither the colliery proprietor nor the miner gets any of this plunder. I commenced this letter with an earnest wish that this gad and terrible state of things may be amicably settled, as far as the attendant excitement will permit, in the in- terests of peace and prosperity that the hungry may be fed and that the cruel starvation may be ended. The masters are supposed to be more intelligent than the workmen. Undoubtedly they have more influence. Let them use the intelligence that superior education and extensive reading and observation, combined with the influence which wealth and social position gives them, and by friendly conference with the leaders of the men devise some means of ending this fraticidal war and rescue the paraLzed industry of the country from the depths to which it has fallen and from the fake Raition in which the whole of the commerce of the nation is now placed —Yours respectively, Sankey bridges, Sep. 13, 1893.

CYMRO.

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES-WARRINGTON.

TEIE F.S.A. AT WYCLIFFE CHURCEI. The vestibule of Wycliffe Church had quite an ani- mated Appearance on Sunday afternoon, the reason laving that 375 members of the P.& A. society were receiving their prizes for regular attendance during the firat half- year. The books which were piled up on tables were distributed by the stewards. They comprised an excel- lent and varied selection of the works of popular writers. 61 certificates of merit were also given. The attendance

of members was consequently very large. The chair was occupied by Councillor Beaman who delivered a short address, contrasting the Sabbath observance of 100 years ago with that of the present time. The address was delivered by Councillor Trevor, of Manchester, who based his remarks on the text " The trees are full of sap" Psalm 104. The musical part of the meeting, com- prised an instrumental selection, and a solo by Miss N. Roberts, which were well rendered. The meeting was also taken part in by the Rev. J. Yonge, Messrs. J. Pod- more, and D. Owen. The membership now reaches nearly 800.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
ELLESMERE-STRF,TT MISSION.

The anniversary services in connection with the above Wesleyan Mission were held on Sunday afternoon and night. Two excellent sermons were preached, the after- noon preacher being the Rev. Owen Watkins, one of the newly appointed ministers of the circuit, and the even- ing preacher ROA Mr. Wm. Silcock. The mission room was crow‘led at both services, and special singing was given by the scholars of the Sunday school in connection with the mh.ion. The collections for the day,inclusive of sums previously collected by the members amounted to £5. On Thursday evening, the services were con- tinued. the preacher being the Rev. John G. Bennett, Connexional Evangelist, formerly of Warrington. There WU again a good attendance, the collection again prov- ing very satisfactory.

ROYAL PIIOTOS.-" An interesting little hand-book, containing photogiaphs of Her Majesty the Queen ana family, (children and grandchildren), will be forwarded, postage paid, by sending one penny stamp to Alf Cuoke, F.sq., Queen's Colour Printer, Leeds."

===== 0002601_18930916_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
ATHLETICS.

NOTiS ON G 9 INIE6 D

CRICKET.

Warrington first team concluded their fixtures for this season by what was practically a disastrous defeat, as Sale scored 156 for the loss of only three wickets, while Warrington with only one wicket to fall had only made 55. Of course Warrington had only a very poor team with S. M. and J. J. Crosfield, R. Smith, rodmore, Voisey, and Mortimer absent, but still the difference in the two scores is rather too much to be explained away on that ground. C. H. Benton, the Lancashire county player gave a very brilliant display for his 38, as also did Whittle who made 56 not out. On the Warrington side Unsworth with 26, and Jeans with 14 are the only scores worth mentioning. There were no less than five " ducks." Ashton with two wickets for 11 runs was the most successful Warrington bowler, and the way in which Sale scored is well shown that although they only lost three wickets it took five bowlers to do it.

With the fixtures with Sale, Warrington have finished up a very poor season. It has been the worst the team has known for a long time, some of their defeats being simply beyond comprehension as witness their defeat at Warrington by Birkenhead Park. Out of the 23 matches played. they have only won six, drawn five, and have lost twelve.

Warrington 2nd team were more successful than their seniors on Saturday, for they managed to pull off the match with Sale by a victory of 89 for nine wickets to 78. This is a welcome change, and just balances their wins and losses as they have won eight, lost eight, and drawn three. Hampson with 20 not out was top scorer for Warrington. Warrington's scoring was more regu• tar than Sale as four got into double figures, which on the other hand, only one of the Sale team, Hamilton with 26 could do much with the bowling.

With last week's enga;,ements we must now say good- bye to cricket. The season which has just closed has been an exceptional one. Rain which has spoiled so many matches in other seasons has this time given cricketers a chance, and the result has been that for the first time two batsmen viz., Gunn and A. E. Stoddart, I have made over 2,000 runs in first class cricket. Only one has previously gained this distinction and that was the player who has made so many records, W. G. Grace. As regards Warrington cricket, there has been an enormous number of clubs im the town, and some very good cricket has been played. Let us hope that the first eleven will have a better record next season than this,however.

The Penketh Friends C.C. finished a very successful season on Saturday, winning 21 matches and only losing one. Smith heads both bowling and batting averages, in the former taking 75 wickets at an average of 1-73 runs per wicket, and having a batting average of 3-5 for 19 innings. Linney, the captain, comes secona in the bat- ting averages with 30.8 for 18 innings.

The second eleven have not had many matches during the season, the total number being six,out of which they won four, lost one, and drew one.

FOOTBALL.

The Warrington footballers were acting the part of the good Samaritan in caring for the poor on Saturday. Having no fixture, a match was arranged between the bachelors and benedicts of the club,and the proceeds were devoted to the fund for the relief of the distress in the town. A good number of spectators were present, and saw a good game for their money. The benedicts were fortunate in having a good goal kicker, for it was by this means that they secured the victory, as they got three goals while the juveniles got three tries, which were not converted. Boscow, as the bachelor full back, made his first appearance before a Warrington " gate " this season, and showed that he had lost none of his coolness, and his value as acustodian which won him county honours last year. I wonder if Lally thought he was Fair. Turner's match when he at- tempted to push him away at one time during the match? It looked like a giant and dwarf set-to. The married men were fortunate in the fact that Jack and Smack Bate were married, for these two players contri- buted not a little towards the result.

The Warrington "A" were also without a fixture, and some of its players were engaged in the internecine strife which was waged on the Wilderspool ground on Saturday afternoon, so that the only team belonging to the W.F.C. in "foreign parts" was the second team, who were antagonising Pendleton Trinity first at Pendle- ton A very pleasant game was played, and the result was also pleasant to Warrington, for they won by 14 points to nil, the contributors to this being Wilcock, whose share was two tries, and Carey and Gibson, who got a try each. Gibson also placed the only goal.

Warrini,ton defeated St. Helens Recs. at St. Helens on Thursday by two tries to a try, a feat they have not performed away from home for a great number of years. The match was a very peculiar one, each skit, scoring a try at the first few minutes of the game, but Wi.-ring,ton managed to outstay their opponents and scored again. Coming as this doas after the manner in which the RiICS. played against Swinton on Saturday when neither side could score, it is very satisfactory from a iVarrington point of view.

The Lancashire County Rugby Football Club have de- clared in favour of the payment to players for loss of time occasioned by thelaying of matches, by 47 votes to 35. The president, Mr. A. N. Hornby spoke very strongly in favour of the payment of the players, but Mr. J. H. Payne, the secretary for the past year, was as strongly against it., each side claiming that they were guarding against professionalism. However, both Lan- cashire and Yorkshire have now declared in favour of the proposal, and it is probable that it will be adopted in Rugby circles.—Mr. Warren, of Warrington has been re-elected on the committee for the selection of refer- ees. Mr. J. H. Payne declined re-election as secretary and has been succeeded by Mr. A. M. Crooke.

St. Mary's team paid a visit to Wigan ma Saturday, to meet the Recreation club of that town, and returned to Warrington victors by a try to none. The try was got by means of Thomas and Flampson. the latter scoring under the posts, but the kick at goal failed. There was some rough play in the latter half, but the Recreation could only get three minors, which,of course, do not count.

The second team of St. Mary's also won their seeond victory on Satuiday, over the Wigan Recreation 2nd. After a good game the result was that St. Mary's had got over the line twice to their opponents once.

The junior clubs of the town have not yet begun their season in earnest, but the Rangers commenced theirs on Saturday last, when they paid a visit to Widnes to meet the Rangers of that town. The two rival Rangers appear to be unable to beat each other, however, for, in the third successive match, they scored nothing tangible. This should surely prove that the two teams are pretty nearly equal.

The Penketh Friends school have a very heavy pro- gramme before them in the present football season as they have already arranged 44 matches. By the time they have got through this, they will surely have had their fill of football.

A meeting of the Warrington District Football Asso- ciation was held on Monday evening, Mr. W. Gould, of the Lymm A.F C. eccupying, the chair. Mr. J. Mather, the hon. sec., read the reply from the Football Associa- tion with reference to the affiliation of clubs, associa- tions, &c., and it was decided to affiliate the Warrington Ass4ciation with Liverpool and district, a radius of 12 miles being agreed upon. A sub-committee of five member; was appointed to frame a code of rules of management, subject to the next meeting, and the annual subscription was fixed at ss. for each club.

The Penketh A.F.C., under the captaincy of Mr. J. Elliot,have opened their season with an excellent victory of five goals to nil over Broadheath away from home. They have a very good team, and if they do themselves justice they will give a gooci game to any club in the district.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
ATHLETICS.

Great interest was taken in a bowling match at the Cemetery Inn, on Tuesday, in which George Ball, of Warrington, and Eli Yates, of Chowhent, were the corn- petitors. There were no less than 300 spectators present at the match. Yates was the favourite, but the War- rington player showed his superiority at half time when he had scored 51 to 33. Re further increased Ilia lead in the last half and won by 18, the scores being Ball 101, Yates 82.

At the Salford Harriera sporte on Saturday, in the 200 yards race, J. Mmsey of the Warrington Harriers, was third with 11 yards start.

CYCLING.

Sixteen members of the Warrington Cycling Club went on their weekly run on Saturday. They went round by Hon Green, Tabley, Plumbley, to Knutsford where a good tea was provided. They arrived home at abcut ten o'clock in the evening after a very agreeable ride.

As the seascn of cycling is almost over, the night runs have been stopped. The club is making great prepara- tion for the winter. They are anine to have a soiree late in October, and two er three " smokers " will alQo he ar- ranged for the winter months. It is also probable that a lantern exhibition will be held showing different cycling resorts, ecc. There are now only three more fi xtores this season so that all members who wish to take part in them this year must look sharp.

Sir Henry Bessemer has pi id upwards of £10,C0) in patent stamp duties alone on his various inventions. He owns to having received considerably more than 100 times that sum for royalties in cannection with his world-famous process for manufacturing steel.

WAIMIN GTON REVIS lON COURT.

Mr. J. E. Foard, revising barrister, opened his court for the revision of the voters' lists of the borough of Warrington, at the Town Hall on Monday evening. The Liberals were represented by Councillor H. Roberts and Mr. J. Clayton. and , the Conservatives by Mr. J.liampson, and NI r.Hayes. The Liberals had 157 claims and reclaims (including lodgers), and 210 objections. The Conservatives made 235 claims, and 258 objections.

MONDAY. _INSUFFICIENT RATEABLE VALUE.

Edgar Balmford claimed a lodge; vote for 117 Sankey at. Examined by Mr. Reberts he said that he occupied two rooms, for which he paid 10s. weekly to h?,3 brother. They were not furnished by himself.—Cross-examined by Mr. Hatnpson he said that there were eleven rooms above the ground floor. He was not a servant of Ids brother, but carried on business on his own account—it was stated that the rateable value of the house was £42, which the Revising Barrister held to be insufficient and disallowed the claim.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
'ULF EXAM IN ; SA TURDAY SEPTEM BliJ .16 189" J

A BESIEMBItANCEIt. Mr. Joseph Horlock, Clainled a. vote for his premises, 34. Buttermarket-st.—Mr. Roberts : When did you oc- cupy these premises P—On July 12th.--flow do you know it was that date, have you brought your rent book P—No, but I was married on the 11th, and went into the house on the following day. (Laughter.)—The vote was allowed. HE HAD BEEN TO JAIL. The Conservatives objected to Ole v•te of Peter Hig- gins, 7, Ship Yard. In reply to the Revising Barrister, Patrick Higgins who appeared for his brother, said he couldn't say that his brother had been sent to jail.--Ser- geant Chantler was called and said that Peter had been sent to jail for two months for stealing.—The vote was disallowed.

NOT SUCCESSIVE. The Liberals objected to the vote of Charles Henry Iligbey, 40, Lovely-lane, on the grounds that when the applicant went abroad, his wife and children went to live with her parents for a short time. In reply to Mr. Roberts as to whether his wife did not give up her house to go and live with her children at her parents a short time, Mr. Rigbey said she had not. Mr. Roberts said he would have him sworn, and, this having been done, repeated the question, when the applicant said he •' had forgotten and could not tell." Mr. Roberts said the information had been given them by Mrs. Rigbey herself. The revising barrinter said he must disallow the vote, but if Mr. Rigbey could show him that he was paying the rent all that time he would re-consider it. The law gave a vote for certain premises, and the act said there must be twelve months clear. If the applicant had beon the tenant for that time lie was entitled to a vote. Mr. Roberts : The wife and family left the town altogether.

At the conclusion of the business on Wednesday morn- ing, Mr. Henry Roberts said, as he did not expect to be present at the calling over of the lists, the following day he wished to sxpress his thanks to the Revising Barrister for his courtesy to him during the work of revision. Mr. Foard suitably replied. One or two claims were 1-eard on Thursday morning, but the Revising Barrister refused to hear any further claims, remarking that the court was now closed. The calling over of the lists was then proceeded with.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
A REVISED CLAIM.

_ A lodger vote was claimed. by Charles Broadbent for the " Hollies " Latchford. Claimant said he paid £3oa year to his mother. In answer to Mr. Hampson he said that he claimed an occupier's vote last year but was refused. He had since made fresh arrangements.—Mr. Roberts : Last year the Revising Barrister said that this gentleman ought to have claimed as a lodger.—The Revising Barrister: I have nothing to do with that,l only decided that the vote was not good. From further ques- tions of Mr. Roberts, the claimant said there was no parliamentary vote for the house. tie had had the use of these rooms since his father died six years ago. He paid his money in a lump sum. The rateable value of the house was £los.—The Revising Barrister allowed the vote, though he would like to have some more proof as to the tenancy.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEW POINT RAISED.

The vote of Richard 80-r-i-d-k;tih-e-c; who has a lodger vote for apartments in Gatewharfe Farm,Sankey Bridges was objected to by the Liberals, on the ground that the occupier had not paid the rates. Mr. Roberts said that the objection to this raised a new point. The rates of the farm had not been paid and their contention was that payment of the rates was necessary for the proper quali- fication for the vote. There was no distinct reference to this point anywhere, but he (Mr. Roberts) submitted that this did disqualify Mr. Matthews.—The Revising Barrister: I am inclined to agree with you.—Mr. /lamp- son said that Mr. Matthews was not responsible for the payment of the rates.—The Revising Barrister : That would place him in a better position than the tenant.— Mr. Hampson : How can the lodger be responsible for the payment of the rates P—After a long discussion the Revising Barrister disallowed the objection but consented to give Mr. Roberts a case.—Mr. Matthews asked for his expenses as he should have been in Llandudno, but the Revising Barrister said that it was not his practice to give expenses in an e"ening sitting.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER YEAR BEFORE SHE COULD HAVE A VOTE. _ . . __•

Maria Maddock, 19, Orford-lane, claimed a vote for that house. In answer to Mr. Roberts she said that she had neither seen nor heard of her husband for seven years from August 6th. He left her ten years ago.—The Bevis- in.' Barrister : This is an extraordinary case. You will get a vote next year, but not this year as August 6th is after the qualifying date. The presumption of death does not arise at all until after seven years. Supposing you had married within that period, you would have been liable to be pro- secuted for big.tmv owing to the seven years not having elapsed. He could not allow the vote this time. A FORGETFUL CLAIMANT.—TUE BIBLE IN REQUISITION. John Cotton appeared to answer an objection by the Liberals to his vote for 27 Haydock-st. He said that he lived at 116 Winwick-st., and left Havdock-st. to go there on July 27.—Mr. Roberts : Did not Ellen Titchard tike the house in June, and did not you leave the house OR June 26,14-1 don't know.— Do you repeat that you left the house in July and not in June?—! do.—Mr. Roberts we will have this man sworn.—Cotton was accordingly sworn, but before kissing the hook he wished for time to consider.—Mr. Roberts: I think you better had consider, for I have some straight questions to ask you.—After a short time, Cotton said that it was in June when lie left Haydork-st., he remembered that his wife died then. The objection was acrordingl substantiated and Cot- ton's name was struck off the register.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER FOROETFCL CLAIMANT.

James Gleave, 1, Vernon's Yard, claimed a vote as a householder. In answer to Mr. Roberts he said that he went to that place on July 6th.—Mr. Roberts : Did you not go there on July 26th.—No.—Mr. Roberts: How do you know it was on July 6th you went there.—lt was the day of the general election.—Mr. Roberts: But the elec- tion was not on the 6th July. We have had the general election story before. We will have this man sworn.— The claimant was accordingly sworn, and tnen in a very shamefaced mannei said that it was July 25th, and not July 6th when he came to reside at the house, and the vote was accordingly disallowed.

TUESD Y. THE VALUE OF ROOMS IN FROGHALL-LANE.

Ernest Parry. 37, Froghall-lane, claimed a lodger's vote. He said he had two furnished rooms for which he paid £3O per annum.—Mr. Roberts : £3O per annum for a house at RH is out of proportion. rhe very best rooms in town can be got for less than £3O a year. Rooms in St. Austin's Ward, where the rental of the houses is much larger can be got for less than £3O per annum. The net rateable value of this house was £l3 103.—The claimant, in answer to Mr. Roberts, declined to say what his salary was.—The Revising Barrister allowed the vote but said that it was very close.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
PUBLIC HOUSE_ LODGER REFUSED.

A lodger claim was made by Walter Longshaw, for apartments at 89, Dallam-lane. Councillor Shaw who appeared for claimant said he was claimant's step-father. Claimant was in business on his ovvn account. The house was a public-house with private house attached. There were ten rooms exclusive of the public-house. In answer to Mr.Roberts,Councillor Shaw said that he had estimated the rateable value of the public-house at £3O. Claimant had the exclusive use of a sitting and bedroom.—Mr. Roberts submitted that as the total rateable value of the house was £5l. and taking £3O oft for the public-house, that only left £2l to be divided amongst the ten rooms which was not sufficient.—The vote was disallowed.

CLERICAL CLAIMANTS. __

The Rev. T. M. Young-Hughes chimed a lodger's vote for apartments in 5 Froghall-lane. He paid 10s. a week for his apartments, and had been there abut two years The vote was allowed. _ _ _ .

The Rev. James Forbes also claimed a vote for 9, Thynne-st. The Rev. T. M. Young-Hughes who ap- peared for claimant said that he paid 12i. per week for his apartments. He had lodged over 19 months in the house. He (Mr. Hughes) could swear that.—Mr. Roberts: Perhaps you will have to swear it.—The vote was allowed.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
MR' . ROBERTS ACCUSED OF FALSEHOOD -1 SCENE . . . . . . .

Wm.ll ackledge claimed a lodger's vote for 17,11olleston- st.—Mr. Roberts said the rateable value of the house was only £9.—The Revising 13arrister : Then the claim is ridiculous.—Claimant. to Mr. Roberts : You are tellinz lies.—This was said in a low tone. Mr. Roberts evi- dently did not hear it, but as Blackledge was going nut of the room, he repeated it in a louder tone, upon which Mr. Roberts called out to him : What's that you say ? Come back here: Do you accuse me of telling lies.— Claimant (sulkily) : Yes, the rateable value is £l2.—Mr. Roberts to (Mr. Tunstall, assistant overseer) : Is not the rateable value of the house only £9 ?—Mr. Twists'', Yes! —Mr. Roberts (to Blackled,ge) : You mind what you are saying. I will not allow you to say that to me. WEDNESDAY. TR& REV. A. A. lIARKFLAM'S TOTE.

The Rev. L. B. Rad lord appeared on behalf of the Rev. A. A. Markham applying for a lodger vote at 10, Salis- hury-st. Mr. Roberts :Do you live at the same house ? Yes, but we have separate rooms.—Mr. Roberts: Does he pay separately for his board and rooms? Yes, he pays 16s. per week for the rooms alone, and has occupied them since June 1892. Mr. Roberts said the assessment of the house was £2l net. There were two lodgers and Mrs. Boward and her family in the same house. The Revising Barrister: It only confers a municipal vote, hut I think it is a bona:fide case, although the closest thing possible. Mr. Roberts : I think it should he understood that Mr. Radford will not be able to qualify for the same house as long as Mr. Markham is there. The Revising Barrister said it was not a ease in which he could say that. As long as four or six of the best rooms were taken out it was impossible for him to say the value of the remainder. It WBS impossible to say that no other person could claim. It was however very close indeed. Re would allow the vote.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ARRANGEMENT HISQI7ALTFIED HIM.

John Eustaee Seeker, employed at Messrs. John White Mclver and Co.. and who resides with Mr. White applied for a lodger vote. In reply to Mr. Roberts, he said he paid 10s. a week for his board. Mr. Roberts: When did you make this arrangement of 10s. a week ? The ar- rangement was made on the Ist June, 1893. Mr. Roberts: But is it not a fact that your board and lodg- ings are part of the arrangement. —I pay for my board out of my salary. Mr. Roberts contended that the ar- rangement had not been made sufficiently low,: to enable him to have a vote. Mr. !Tampon (to applicant) you occupy these rooms at 103. per week. The Revising Barrister: The question is as to the time since the rent had been determined. lle, has only paid it from the Ist June. Ile disallowed the vote.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
A BEENVEZ'S SON'S VOTE.

A claim was made by Mr. Upster, bookkeeper at Brundrett's Brewery, on behalf of Albert Thomas Brun- drett, son of the licensee of the premises, at 64, Church- st.—Mr. Roberts : Who conducts the business P—Mrs. Brundrett.—Who are the partners in the business 7 The children take a share each as they become of age. Mrs. Brundrett is the licensee of the house.—Why Mr. Brundrett not appeared here himself 7—He is study- ing out of town and unable to be present.—Does Mr. Brundrett transact any of tha business P—Fie does some of the buying in. In reply to another question by Mr. Mr. Roberts as to whether Mr. Brundrett could dismiss a servant, Mr. tipster said not without the consent of Mrs Brundrett.—The vote was allowed.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
A REVISION COURT INCIDENT. SALARIES IN THE BREWING TRADE.

NEWS FOR THE SURVEYOR OF TAXES. At the Warrington Revision Court, on Tuei,day, a young man,natned Ernest Parry, made a claim, un- der Conservative auspices, for a lodger's vote. He said he lodged at a house in Froghall-lane, and paid £3O a year for the use of his rooms. As the rent of the house is only some £l4 or £l6 a year,there was clearly an opEning for cross-examination by Coun- cillor Roberts, who represented the Liberals. One of the questions asked was as to the income of a claimant who paid so liberally for his rooms. This question was not answered, but still it will be seen from the following correspondence that it has elicited some very interesting information as to the salaries that are paid, and the epistolary etiquette that prevails, in the "brewing trade." By an early post Councillor Roberts received an unstamped envelope (charge 2d.) addressed to Mr. " Harry " Roberts,and containing,besides the letter given below,one of the price lists of ales,porter, and stout of Messrs. P. Walker and Son, on which were written the words 'No reduction to teetotallers." The letter, which is written on one of Messrs. Walker's memorandum forms, reads as follows : "My dearest Roberts,—! omitted to give you my in- come this morning, but you see being in the brewing trade it is naturally a good one. After a little calcula- tion I find it just under £lO,OOO a year.—Yours very sincerely, ERNEST PARRY."

Mr. Roberts' reply is in the following terms : Warrington, Sep. 13, 1233.—5ir,—1 Rill duly in receipt of yours of 12th inst. Not having had the pleasure (to say nothing of the honour?) of your acquaintance, prior to meeting you in the Revision Court, I am somewhat puzzled at the terms of endearment arid familiarity with which you address me. No doubt it is satisfactory to you to be the recipient of so large an income (although as to its source there may be two opinions),and in order that you may contribute your equitable share to the Imperial Exchequer, probably the Surveyor of Taxes will be glad to see that you are properly assessed. As you grow older, and presumably wiser, you will realise the fact, that it is often tl,e duty of an advocate to put questions to hostile witnesses which are not particularly pleasant to the latter, and as it was in that capacity only that I asked the question which seems to have dis- turbed you, I have no excuse further than this explana- tion, to offer in regard to it. As you cannot plead poverty, and as no doubt you wish to be considered a gentleman, I must ask you to send me the sum of twopence which I have had to pay, for your omission to put a penny postage stamp upon the letter you sent me. Thinking that this correspondence may be somewhat in- teresting to the public. I purpose sending it to the local press —Believe me, sir, yours truly, HENRY HOMERTS.— Mr. Ernest Parry, Messrs. Peter Walker and Son, Limited, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PUBLIC-HOUSES OF WARRINGTON.

INIPORTANT MAGISTERIAL REPORT.

The Warrington magistrates held a private meet- ing on Monday afternoon at the Town Hall to dis- cuss the back door question. Mr. John Crosfield occupied the chair. After about two hours' dis- cussion it was decided that all publicans be served with notices to close the back doors formerly used for the purposes of trade. This decision will effect all liquor sellers both off and on licenses.

The following report was presented to the meeting : Town Hall, September Bth, 1893. Gentlemen,—ln pursuance of the resolution passed at the meeting in the Town Hall, on Monday, the 4th inst., we have personally inspected the houses marked "A " and " B" in the list submitted by the Chief Constable. We find his description quite correct in every case, and we suggest that he be requested to keep it corrected, as it will form a very satisfactory basis for future reference. We think the most satisfactory way will be for the Bench' to consider fully, and very carefully, the future policy to be adopted, and to settle what are to be the conditions , in future for the renewal of a license which shall be equitable and reasonable upon the owners and yet pro- tect the public interests. The result of our examination ' is to convince us that police supervision cannot be effective unless and until every full-licensed house is self-contained ; that is, that the occupier has entire con- trol of his own premises, that no other tenant has access to any private passage, yard or other premises. That off-licensed houses shall not use any side or back door for other than domestic purposes, that is, that only the front entrance to any off-licensed house shall be used for trade purposes. Although not asked to visit the beerhouses, we thought it desirable te visit a few of them, and the condition of those we did visit revealed a state of things it is most desirable to alter, and we suggest that the attention of the Home Office be called to the desirabilty of placing beerhouses under the same condi- tions as fully licensed houses in respect of the granting and renewal of their licenses. If tliese conditions are accepted for future guidance, the management and con- trol of this business will be very much easier, and will , not unduly interfere with the legitimate trader who iseeks to conduct his business in an honest and honour- able way. Another fact which we noticed was the large number of off licenses in the poorer districts of the town, and in some districts they are so close together as to suggest that they were far in excess of the legitimate requirements of the population around them. We also call attention to a practice of many license holders of giving coppers and sweets to young children as an inducement for increasing trade; alsn to the tendency of off licenses to become places for the sale of beer only. We folly appreciate the difficulties whicn owners and occupiers'will have in adapting themselves to these con- ditions, if adopted ; at the same time they are mainly difficulties of a character which a judicious expenditure 11 will overcome, if time be granted for the necessary alterations. Where the owners will not incur the neces- sary outlay, it will he for you to determine what is best in the public interests.—Yours faithfully,

Jou:4 FA IRC LOITOII. F. ,AloNics. R. W. FKANcoult. W. PIE RPO INT.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
MAN BURIED ALIVE IN THE SHIP CANAL.

NARROW ESCAPE.

On Tuesday evening, about six o'clock, an acci- dent occurred on the Ship Canal at Stockton Heath, by which one man, James Butler, was seriously injured, and several others had a most narrow escape of their lives. • On the Latchford side of the swing bridge on the Stockton Heath-road, where the sides of the canal are very sandy, a number of men were engaged in clearing the earth from ! around a large piece of rock, which it. was intended to remove by blasting. Unluckily, they had worked in such a manner as to cause the bank to assume a perpendicular shape, instead of clearing away the top, and keeping it on a slope. The result was that the sand, lacking in adhesiveness, suddenly fell in a mass of several tons, and descending upon the only man who happened to be tinder it at the time, I hurled him to the bottom of the canal, where he lay completely buried under it. His mates being near at hand, at once set to work to effect a rescue. This they were not long in doing, and the man was extricated in an unconscious state. He was removed to 'the hospital at Latchford, when it was found that his injuries were of a grave nature. He however, progressing very satisfactorily.

IVA !MIN TON Clt ICK ET CLUB.

--- THE SEASON'S RESULTS. The Warringtonians have played 23 matches dur- inv the season just ended, but only five have been won whilst eleven have been lost, the remainder being drawn. Below will he found the averages: AVERAGES. BATTING.

No. Oi - WM. es Most in an innings, not out. Runs. innings. Ave. R Smith s ill Crostleld l3 ... 0 ... 253 ... 74 ... 19 84 W H Podmore E M Griffen 8 0 108 ... 29 .... 13.50 J Bibby GCI trke Cll Ilneworth 5 ... 1 ... 45 ... 26 ... 11.22 H Bolton 8 ... 3 ... 53 ... 13 ... 10.60 14 Wood Clark L A Voisey l6 ... 1 ... 128 ... 23 ... 8.53 sugg (W) J J Crosii.ld II Rernelds lt Bell J Rush,orth E W Perry 14F S Tyler F Jefferson 3 Ashton Frank Sum; W D Jeans , 2 0 22 14 ... 1107" W Mortimer 2 0 18 ... 15 ... 900 1 3 Smith 3 A Yonge 2 0 15 ... 12 ... 7.53 W Duckworth F Williamson Walton Brown 1 0 12 ... 12 ... 12 80 L Smith W Proud . Signifies not out. BOWLING. Overs. Maidens. Runs. Wickets. Ay'Re R Smith l9O ... 54 ... 427 ... 38 ... 1121 J J Crosfield 213 4... 53 ... 589 ... 51 ... 11.66 SNI Crostleld S rum (W) Wll Podmore G Clarke lO7 1_ 30 ... 280 ... 15 ... 18 66 Clark 3 Bibby H Bell L A Vohs.), Brown 2O 4... 11 ... 47 ... 7 ... 671 J Ashton l7 ... 3 ... 59 ... 5 ... 118 J Rushworth 1-1 Bolton L Smith Harrison Walton

===== 0002601_18930916_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
TESTIMONIAL TO Mil. WM. OWEN, J.P.

The School of Art has become a very flourishing institution in Warrington and to a great measure this has been due to the praiseworthy exertions of Mr. William Owen who has been the secretary for the past twelve ye.ars. The Committee thought that it would be very fitting to recognise his ener- getic and hearty exertions on behalf of the school, and after discussing the matter it was determine to make him a testimonial. On Wednesday a dual meeting of the Committee was called—the bchool having now been transferred to the Corporation— at which a beautiful silver tea service, consisting of a teapot, kettle, cream jug. sugar basin, spoons, &c., and silver salver, enclosed in a handsome mahogany case, was presented to Mr. Owen on behalf of the Committee by Mr. John Rylands, J.P., the chair- man of the Committee. Mr. Rylands very appro- priately alluded to Mr. Owen's faithful and untir- ing zeal in connection with the school, and said that he had contributed largely to its success. Mr. Owen replied by expressing his heartfelt thankful- ness to the Committee for the testimonial, and said that he was unworthy of it, but he had done the work he was called upon to do with pleasure, and the work he bad done he believed was in the in- terest of the town. The inscription on the service was as follows: "Presented to Mr. Vv m. Owen, J.P., by the Warrington Schonl of Art, in acknowledg- ment of his long and faithful services as secretary and treasurer of the institution."

===== 0002601_18930916_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
FAILURE OF MAJOR CROSS OF WIDNES.

On Tuesday, ot the Wrexham Bankruptcy Court, Major Tomes Cross, civil engineer by profession,and at present residing at Eirianfa, Llangollen, came up for his public examination. Mr. J. Hepley Pierce appeared for the London and Universal Bank. The statement of affairs showed gross liabilities amounting to £35,105 17s. 6d., but of these only £10,591 103. were expected to rank. The assets were put down at £77 ss. 7d., leaving a deficiency of £10,591 103.—The official receiver(Mr. L. Hugh Jones) stated that the debtor was, from 1865 to August 8, 1893, managing trustee to the Hutchinson estate, Widnes, and from 1864 to 1868 he traded as a locomotive builder at St. Helens, under the style of James Cross and Co. In the latter year ha became insolvent, the smaller creditors of the estate being paid in full, and the larger ones receiving 10s. in the pound. The debtor's life is insured for £9OOO but the policies are held as securities by Parr's Bank, Limited, and toe Widnes and Ditton Land Company The debtor was possessed of freehold and leasehold land at Widnes, but it had been taken possession of by the Liverpool Investment Society. The debtor alleged his failure to be due to his having become surety far a Mr. J. W. Weight, a London stockbroker, for £8,909. He considered that he had a claim against the estate of the late John Hutchinson, which was now in I Chancery, for_.£l6,ooo. He had given 28 years of his life to the making of this estate, and had been turned ! out at a moment's notice, and a receiver put in by the Court of Chancery. The land taken possession of by the Liverppol Investment Society was 53 acres, aud was Purchased with other land when he made the West Widnes Railway for the Midland and Manchester, Sheffield. and Lincolnshire Railway Companies. The line was made without an Act of Parliament, and to get the land for the line he had to buy other land to induce the owners to sell at all: He undertook to make the line for the railway companies for a lump sum, and the speculation wasi a profitable one. The IVidnes land had been valued at £21,000, but probably it would not rea- lize more than £15,000. He lost £B,OOO in the locomo- tive works, and £6,500 in the Composite Ore Company, Limited, a company formed for the purpose of extract- ing silver and lead from the Welsh composite nres. He became surety for Weight to the London and Universal Bank. He had no security for the first advance oh £5.000. as he was not then aware that Weight was in difficulties. He had always believed him to be a wealthy man. Weight promised to buy the Widnes land for £25,000, but when he was asked to sign the contract lie stated that he was in difficulties. He had since I failed, and there were no assets.—The examination was adjourned to October 10.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW RELIEF SCHEME FOR THE UNEMPLOYED.

The Central News learns that Sir John Gorst, in view of the necessity which may arise next winter of provid- ing relief works for the unemployed in London, has been in private communication with the President of the Local Government Board in reference to a scheme which lie thinks might be adopted experimentally. Sir John's proposal is to acquire provisionally some of the waste land lying in the eastern quarter of London and have it broken and worked up for agricultural purposes under the direction ot the workhouse authorities. The persons thus Qmployed would not enter into competition with the regular town industries, a thing which Sir John Gorst is strongly opposed to, but simply be occupied in adding to the food resources of the country. Power is given under some old unrepealed Poor Law Acts to over- seers to rent fifty acres of land in each union, and to set upon it to work at reasonable remuneration the unem- ployed of the parish. The authority is now vested in the Local Government Board, but Mr. Fowler has replied that he covld not sanction any such aNuisition without his colleagues, and it would therefore be necessary to make it a Cabinet question.

THE PASTORATE OF HILL CLIFFE BAPTIST CHAPEL. The Rev. Thomas Samuel Hughes, Baptist minis- ter now of Earlestown, and late of Bacup, has now definitely decided to accept the call of the pastorate of 11111 Uliffe Baptist Chapel. The rev. gentleman intimated his acceptance on Sunday. Mr. Hughes will commence his ministry at Hill Cliffe. on the third Sunday lit October. THE WOREINGMF:N'S GOSPEL TEMPERANCE MISSION. On Friday night last, a pleasant meeting was held in the Workingmen's Gospel Temperance Mission Hall, when Mr. Storey read a passage from the second Epistle of Peter. Messrs. Drury, Blythe, Horrocks, and Rigby joined in thd conversation which followed. The subject was adjourned. On Saturday night, an open air meeting was held at the end of Bewsey-street, conducted by Mr. R. Storey. The principal speaker for the occasion was Mr. Lloyd Young of Manchester,who delivered a stirring address. Mr. J. Drury also addressed the meeting, a number of persons signed the pledge. On Sun- day night another meeting was held at the same place, conducted by Mr. J. Drury. Messrs. J. Tan- ner. J. Rigby, Horrocks, Iligginson, H. Taylor, P.M.C.. and H. Storey also addressed the meet- ing, a large crowd listened very attentively, two hours. The meeting was a great success. On Monday night last a well attended Band of Hope meeting was held in the Temperance Hall, singing, reciting, &c., were much enjoyed.

WARRINGTON SLAUGHTER

===== 0002601_18930916_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
HOUSES.

V.-THE PLEADINGS OF HUMANITY.

(By "CLEo.")

The demands of health and the slairns of morality having been heard, the pleadings of humanity now Crave a hearing also. Man is a carnivorous animal, therefore, it is in the nature of things that the beasts of the field, birds of the air, and fish of the sea should be sacrificed on the altar of his appetite, but as long as there is any humanity in man every care should be taken that that appetite is gratified with the least possible pain andsufferingtoits victims Tune was when acts of the grossest cruelty in this direction were openly perpetrated without let ot hindrance. Happily, such times are past and gone, but it would be extremely imprudent to imagine that all such acts of unnecessary cruelty have gone with them. Indeed the residenters in the immediate neighbourhood of slaughter-houses, particularly : those adjoining slaughter-house premises,are strong in their belief that unnecessary cruelty is carried ' on. Take for instance, the veal season. It is well known that to reduce the flesh of calves to the whiteness that gives it its high market value, iS was formerly the recognised practice to cut an ar- tery in the calf's neck and let it bleed until it dropped down and expired through sheer exhaus- tion. Sometimes the poor beast would linger as long as twe days or more. I understand that the Royal Seciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals has recently stepped in and rendered anyone guilty of this practice amenable to the law. An apparently singular anomaly, however, exists, as I doubt whether an officer of that society could claim a locus standi or right of entrance to a private slaughter house either to make investigations or to verify suspicions, although the refusal to grant him admission would be a strong element of sus- picion against the occupier. lam sorry to say that there is a strong impression amongst residenters in the immediate vicinity of slaughter houses that this practice or one closely akin to it is not wholly absent in Warrington. Of this there is not the faintest shadow of a doubt that during the veal season the calves within the slaughter houses keep up a most piteous bleating all night through as if in agony and pain, and in such a way as to give very feasible grounds for the opinion that the calves are hung up by the hind heels and with their arteries opened are allowed to bleed to death. When one remembers that the Christmas turkey was usually put to death in the same manner, viz., first having its tongue cut out and then being hung up by the legs until it bled to death, more credence is given to the ktatement that calves are yet subjected to the same treatment. However sincere the people may be in this belief, I rather think that they are under a misapprehension, as cases of habitual and prolonged cruelty would be sure to come under the notice of the police who have a perfect right to enter the slaughter houses where they have any suspicions of cruelty being practised. Speaking of this species of torture reminds me of the tortuous process by which the Jews put bullocks to death, a function which is only performed by their Chief Rabbi. This however is a, religious ceremony and therefore outside legislative interference. The case of bleeding calves to death is only a par- ticular instance. As to the general question of un- necessary cruelty there can be no doubt that na.uch is done that ought not to be done, and much is left undone that ought to be done. No. 8 of the Cor- poration byelaws—" No animal to be subjected to any unnecessary pain "—seems to be the only item on paper dealing with the question of cruelty. This would be sufficient if there were any specific provision made to see that this bye- law was carried out, but as has already been pointed out no such provision exists even for the adequate supervision of the slaughter houses in any shape or form, let alone the particular duty of'pre- venting or detecting any undue cruelty. The story in our school-books of the butcher and theelsildron'a pet lamb, wherein be says that although lie was a butcher ha had no harder heart than any other men was one which touched our boyish emotions, brit fuller years teach us that this particular butcher must have been a rare swig of his species so far as the immediate exercise of their calling is con- cerned. Familiarity breeds contempt consequently their necessary familiarity with the scenes of the slaughter houses, and the part they take in them must of necessity blunt their sympathies with the sufferings of the dumb animals, and as the feeling of being accustomed to it grows upon there the feeling that their victims also become accustomed to it grows with it much the same way, as it was in the case with the fisherwoman who whet: asked how she could be so cruel as to skin the eels alive replied " Oh, the creatures are accustomed to it." Here then is a wide field of opportunity to dotricks of the trade that have a tendency to increase rather than diminish pain, and to omit precautions which would tend to alleviate the sufferings of the victims. There is doubtless an honest rivalry between many of these hardworking men to outdo their neigh- bours in the celerity by which they get through their work, but even in this otherwise desirable rt - commendation there lurks a considerable danger that the feelings of the objects operated upon are overlooked. It is not in the cases of the old experi- enced hands that this danger is mostly to be feared it is the apprentices and beginners. On busy oc- casions there is not time to superintend the begin- ner's operations, and the result is that he does not go the right way about it, and sometimes has had to leave it half done, the finishing touches being perfermed by older hands to the consequent prolonging and intensifying of suffering. But it is worse still to allow any on- looker with not the rsmotest idea of how to do it properly to tty his 'prentice hand at the business, and instances of this are numerous. To do the work expeditiously and properly requires a steady hand and at least a rudimentery knowledge of anatomy. A bullock should always be felled and stunned by one blow, and the " pithing " which follows should be the work of a second or two." Pithing" consists in inserting a flexible wire rod into the opening made by the pole-axe on the forehead, and then ramming it as far as it will reach inside the vertebra column. This process immediately puts the animal out of all suffering although it may struggle for a few minutes afterwards. In one of the slaughter-houses visited one beast had to receive three distinct blows. This was looked upon as being nothing at all unusual. It is not only in the process itself or at the hands of apprentice, unskilled or reckless workmen that undue cruelty is exercised, a more refined cruelty is carried on under circumstances which allow of no extenuation. I have already referred to the beastly state of some of the stalls and sheep-pens on the Warrington slaughter-house premises. Can any- thing be more cruel than to have a score or more sheep cooped up in a low, dark, ill-ventilated cellar- looking place in full view of what is going on, and of the fate that is in store for them, and without either food or water? To realize to what extent this is done one has but to see it, and this one can easily do without walking a mile from Market Gate. It is much the same with the cattle, with this addition that in their violent struggles when being led to the killing shed they are often be- laboured unmercifully. The beasts appearing to know instinctively what fate Is awaiting them ' sometimes flop down across the doorway and have practically to be be hauled into position, so violent are their struggles. All this and much more would be prevented were a properly constructed and arranged abattoir substituted for the present badly constructed and worse arranged buildings. Add to the present drawbacks the fact that characters such as the " bungsucker " I have described are employed as jobbers. What tender- ness is to be expected from the regular loafers, cor- nermen,and general riff raff men in slaughterhouses, more bestial than the beasts themselves. Fortu- nately this it apparently the exception in Warring- ton, but that it is done in some cases and could be done in all is sufficient warrant to arrest the present state of things and consign them into the everlast- ing limbo of dead and forgotten things.

PICNICS TO FRODSHAM AND SOUTHPORT. The members of the Ragged Sunday school band and 22 girls met at the school on Saturday, and received a good dinner, after which the boys pro- ceeded to Frodsham and the girls to Southport, where they were provided with excellent teas. After spending a pleasant afternoon they reached home about 10 p.m.

DEATH OF A PULICAN. , Mr. John Pritchard, landlord of the Griffin Hotel died on Wednesday morning, at the age of 62 years Death is stated to be due to a general breaking up of the system. Ile had been ailing for several months, but only took to his bed a few days ago. The deceased gentleman had resided at the Griffin for many years, and was well known and highly respected, not only among the townspeople, but by the whole of the farming community round about Wan rington.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEKLY IZEPOET OF TEE HEILTLI CF

WARRINGTON. During the week, which was the 30th of the current year, the following births and deaths wera registered :—Births : Warrington, 21: Latchford, 4; total, 25. Deaths : Warrington, 30 ; Latchford, 1. total 31. The excess of deaths over births was G. The death-rate from all causes was equal to 29 2 per 1,000, against 28 the average of the previous four weeks, and agatpst 22.1 the corresponding week of last year. The death-rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to 06 per 1.000, against 12.9. the average rate of the four previous weeks,and against 77 the corresponding week of 9892. Th° ages of mortality were :—Warrington : 0 to 1, % 1 to 5,10,1 ; 5 to 15, 0; 15 to 25, 4; 25 to 60, 9 • 60 111:' 2 ; total, 30-1 31. The deaths included-1 from from scarlet fever : G from diarrhcei.; 3 from phthisis ; 2 from cancer 2 from old age ; 3 from brain disease; 1 from liver disease; 3 from stomach disease. The following cases of infectioua disease have been reported during the week : Scarlet fever, 8 ; enteric 1. Meteorology.—Th6 mean temperature was 59.5 Fah. and vier-fore, 2. deg. higher than the preceding week. The maxi: mum temperature 75 F., was recorded on the 50 inst., and the minimum temperature 42 F., on the 9th inst. The rainfall measured '9om. The general direction was &E., the reading of the anernotneter denoting 955 miles.—JoliN H. GoRNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

Though the death rate continues high, it is sati.s" factory to note that there is a continual decline in the number of deaths from diarrhcea. The deaths from this disease and English cholera, which in the' preceding four weeks had been 8.10 10 and 11, f-11 to 6 in the week ending September 9th,and is etel! more favourable this week. The notified eases o' scarlet fever, which in the previous four week.; 111;(1 averaged 9 per week,wai 8 last week. TI iq infectious disease is at present chiefly confined t° the north wards of the town, and is, unfortueatell:. perpetuated by gross carelessness on the parr 0' parents who treat mild cases thern.elves, an 1 dlo° in the peeling stage of the disease send them t 4 school. In the Infectious Diseases Hospital there are 50 patients, 46 cases of scarlet fever,und 4 ca9e of enteric fever.

===== 0002601_18930916_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKETS.

RUNCORN, SATURDAY, Fresh butter 13 5,1 and rs Cl lb.; fresh eggs,ll for is ; fowl, 48 Ed to, sOd per couple; d"'"",iB gs 04 per cout le ; geese Os to (A per lb. ' • turkeys . Cl per lb. ; beef, 8d per lb. • mutton. 80 to .8 per 119 T por, Id to 94 per lb. ; lamb lid to 0.1 per lb. ; y-al Od to per lb.; pot toes, 5s 64 to Os Od per load. Cheese 70 per 113.4 WIDNES, SATURDAY.—Fresh butter, Is 4d end Os Od P lb.; fresh e.,g5,10 for Is ; fowls, 38 Od.to ')8 per couple ; 5s Oct t) Os per coupie ; geese, d per lb. ' • bed'. 70 to 9" lb. ; mutton 44 to 64 per lb. ; pork, 9.1 to Od per lb. Od to d per lb. ; lamb, Od per lb. ; potatoes per load. 55 WARRINGTON MARIKET.—WEDNESDAY, SHPT. 13ril. FRUIT, VEGe TA (+LE eOULT Y. BUTCHEEs', AND FISHMONGERS' TABLE. 8. d. B. d, s. d. Be, f, Bng..V tl5 0 51to 0 9 Melons each ... 0 6—o 1 Lamb., „ r. I—o 10 Oranges. each 00— 03 ; Mutton ~ ' Veal „ „ Pork „ „ 0 8-0 9 Apricots ench 0 _1)• l° Pork sides -0 0 C !Tots perib ... 00—0 lo .. mind - 0 Wh Is pigs„ Fe 10 0-10 5 Cucum her., each 0 4 0 y uerse „ 5/ 5 ' couple 4 6-0 0 Tom does V ns 0 n Chickens - 0 0 ° Ducks,,- 0 0 Spanis Onions 0 0 Raul its Hares, each ... 5 0 -0 0 Asparagus e51..0 0 0 ._O 0 Pigeons,, Par: 'idge brace 4 0— 0 0 New pota,oes „ 0 0 ° 6 Grouse „ Pheasan s -0 0 Green Peas rlboo —0 • Turkey 0 10 0 0 _ . _

- - ... 0 Butter, fresh l,l 4-0 0 Green '-prouts ?I, 0 4 -.A 5 Hen eggs 9 for 1 0 - 0 0 B ans, kidney ri, 0 2- 0 0 0 Duck „ -0 0 Pomeg:anares... 01 - ) Apples In -0 3 Walnuts, - ° • Onions ~. 1- 0 2 Lemons ~0 I: -0, 0 Gapes ~ - 1 0 Che. se fine 56 PineAp-le each 00- 3 0 „ good ...... 5,0- 0Z 0 Greengages W.W.I 0-0 4 „ ordinary 40 0 -4,," 0 Cherries ~0 0- 0 0 Lolisrer En, ... 1 6- u . ° Stray. berries ~0 0- 0 0 Turbot ~0 1 4-- , 6 Damsons „ ~ 0 2.- 0 0 S Imon „ - Plums „ 0 1- ,1 3 Whit ngs ...... 0 6 - Gooseberries,, 0 0-0 0 Fluk,s „ ...... 0 5 - ~, 0. Rasp, erries ~0 0- 0 0 Eels ~ ~0 8 - V., 0 Black Currants 0 0- 0 0 Soles ~ „ ...... 1 L/- „v a Red Currant, 0 0- 0 0 Sparlings 1 4 - v 0 Marrows each 0 0- 0 4 Codfish „ Seek ale Pn. 0 0- 0 0 Mae,. er s -el each 0 - n 0 0 u Rhubarb bch 0 1-0 0 14 errl.g. V' dozen 1 6-- - -

C°. W.driugton.—Printed and Published by 301111 WAWL—ztreet• at The hxturaner General Printing Works. BessseY....rosd and Publisii.!d also at The Examiner Offices. 1ri4nr...17,t.at• WIDNES ; I'llth-street, RUNCORN; 32, 0-earge-5'.:50d. ife,ens and 33 Market-street. ELULNX":" 16, 1893.

• 1

YV. th. Ilz

Tiill 7

pun 11 Illj

th,ll:bi V trr„ r

tltm• 414 ink Ike.' `4.4.

6tz,r) \ 11°I

414 teeeiv, 4, the 41—C

111131,r1 Thtttr4 I" lit I 14 4t )171 \V-411' ttpq.

kr " J ' , th 4 41. TO 111';')';

I

R. /Alk 4, 4 141,.

===== 0002601_18930916_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
IA °lt °CO II OF WARRINGTON DISTRESS FUND. F GRAND CONCERT, liktr°: above Fund will he given lathe CO-OPERATIVE tnlor ' S,LNRET-STIIEET. on FRIDAY EVENING NEXT. SSPrEMBER 22ND, 1893. 114.1 the Distinguished Patronage of his Worship the lit ;Ind MAYORESS and It PIERPOINT, Esq.. M.P. 'lee° —"nig well-known. Artiste's / eve promised t eir ser- -41: -Mrs. It H. PEARSON, Miss LAMB (Widnes). )3. FIELDMOUSE, Mr. 30SEPII M. BATE. 144 Min Mr' F. F FIELDMOUSE. -erilltalistsan:lMr. R. H. PEARSON. Mr. EDGAR ,11NIED.and the celebrated Harpist, ,'"/es JEN my PARRY, of Liverpool. (Prize Harpist at the Elsteddfodan.) Ad " Parry will appear in Welch costume. -aqui, Accompanist :—Mr. W. H. PAYTON. 5..."11. Reserved Seats. 25.; First Seats, Is. ; Second a limitedraurnber of Dick Seats, 3d. Doors open at 7,3), commence at 8 p.m. Gratuitous Advt. ° G H OF WARRINGTON.

RUPTURES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 et 9. Grosvenor-street, Lon- don-road. Manchester.

MONEY LENT ON PHOTOGRAPHIC GOODS, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY. & SILVER PLATE. W. JACKSON, 71, OXFORD-ST MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1860. WILL BUY OR EXCHANGE CURIOS, DIAMONDS, OLD GOLD. AND SILVER; HIGHEST PRICES. W. JACKSON, PAWNBROKER, 71, OXFORD-ST., MANCHESTER.

BUXTON LIME FIRMS COMFANY LIMITED. —As Agents for above, we have always a stock of Lime at our wharf. Central Station, Warrington; prices quoted, delivered by rail, cart, or boat.—Apply CLARE and RIDGWAY, Central Station, Warrington, and Sankey Bridges.

MRS. HANKINSON and FAMILY beg with very grateful feelings to thank all the many friends for their kind letters of condolence in the sad bereavement of her dear husband, also for the very marked respect mud sympathy shown on the sad occa- sion, and to all Friends who sent the lovely crosses, wreaths and flowers, and the public generally for their kind sympathy and respect. 72. Winwick-road, Warrington. Sept. 15th. 1893.

PARR ROAD, NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS. -- AIR. P. FAIRCLOUGH, Organist and Choir- master St. Peter's Church; Member of Trinity College, London, Solicits Pupils for Pianoforte, Organ Singing, Theory, ac. Terms moderate. Pupils prepared for the Trinity College and other Examinations. Pianos carefully Tuned. Terms Moderate.

HARDAWAY AND TOPPING (late BOULOGNIS SUR-MER), FLUSHING. HOLLAND. Postage 20. Daily Price List forwarded free on receipt of addreds. The Oldest Established Firm of Turf Commission Agents in the World. No representatives.

JAMES WEBSTER, MIDDELBURG, HOLLAND. (Late of Calais and Boulogne-,ur-Mer, France.) DUKE OF YORK STAKES, CESAREWIICH, CAMBRIDGESHIRE, &c. "THE TURF CHRONICLE" Free on receipt of address. DOUBLE AND TREBLE EVENTS. STARTING PRICES ACCUMULATIVE COMMISSIONS. NO STARTING PRICE LIMIT ON THE PRINCIPAL RACES.

LOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office: 168. ISLINGTON-SQUARE, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £sto £l,OOO on personator other security. £l5, Repayable 6s. Weekly, Entire Charge El 2s. 3d. £5O, „ 20s. „ PI £3 9s. Od. £lOO, „ 40s. ~ a 16s. Od. ALlik. GORDON. Manager.

SUN INSURANCE OFFICF, (FIRE.) FOUNDED 1710 SUM INSURED IN 1892.-2391,800,00. For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Mr. J. R. Pickrnere & Son, Bridge-st. Mr. Edward W. Woods. Commercial Chambers, 55, Horsemarket-street. Mr. Lewis Voisey, King-street. Mr. R. Lowe, Market Gate Chambers.

jA S. M G REENHALG If, CABINET MAKER, 'UPHOLSTERER, AND DECORATOR. SHOWROOM: 48, SANKEY-STREET. WORKSHOP: KING-STREET. WARRINGTON.

EXPIRATION OF LEASE. MISS CANTRELL HAS DECIDED TO CLEAR HER CHOICE SELECTIONS OF GLASS AND CHINA AT A REDUCTION OF 20 PER CENT. DISCOUNT FOR CASH. MISS CANTRELL, 66. SANKEY-STREET. WARRINGTON.

THE HUMAN HAIR. IF YSUR HAIR IS FALLING OFF. Consult S. TAYLOR, or Use His Renowned Preparations. CANTHARIDES EXTRACT and POMADE, which are CERTAIN RESTORERS of the HAIR. TAYLOR'S SEDATIVE AND NUTRITIVE CREAM is Infallible for perfectly Relieving the Skin from Irritation and Freeing the Hair from Scurf. Prepared only by S. TAYLOR. HAIRDRESSER AND PERFUMER, 26 AND 28. KING-STREET. MANCHESTER.

TIJCIC AND CO., Limited. INDIA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. or CEMENTED ONLY. BONA FIDB MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street. Liverpool, Also at 36, Market Street, Manchester. London. Cartlift Newport. and Dublin, LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

EBENEZER TIMMINS & SONS, LTD ENGINEERS AND IRONFOUNDERS, MAKERS OF CHEMICAL AND SOAP PLANT, BRIDGE WATER FOUNDRY, RUNCORN, ESTABLISHED 1827. CONTRACTOFS FOR GAS WORKS, WATER WORKS, ARTESIAN WELLS, BRINE WELLS, AND BORINGS FOR MINERALS. BORING PLANT AND PUMPS.

rr HE AUTUMN LEAVES ARE FALLING. The da) s are shorter and the nights are colder, and a good fire has quite a cosy look. Do you want some LINOLEUM to brighten your home? B.IIEMBEY & CO. have the Largest Artistic Selection of exclusive designs in the province, in all qualities, at prices to suit everyone. Come and pick your patterns. We are glad to see you, and there Is no charge for looking. Experienced workmen sent any distance. Telephone 537. fl HEMBRY iz CO., 15. LINOLEUM SPECIALISTS, 45 and 47,CROSS-STItEET, MANCHESTER.

DR. FOX'S COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS THE GREAT REMEDY. FOR COUGHS. COLDS, BRONCHITIS, INFLUENZIA, HOARSENESS, LOSS OF VOICE AND ALL AFFECTIONS OF THE CHEST AND LUNGS. Being prepared from Fruits and Herbs only, may be taken with perfect safety by Old and Young. Sold everywhere in tins, is. lid. each by Chemists and Medicine Vendors. SOLE PROPRIETOR— GEORGE EADE, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON, A TIN SENT FREE ON RECEIPT OF STAMPS.

T BT. IRTLES. PHOTOGRAPHER, LEGA HOUSE, WARRINGTON. STUDIO OPEN DAILY. PORTRAITS IN ALL STYLES. COMMERCIAL PHOTOGRAPHY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.

INCH BOARDS lfD. PER FOOT. SCANTLING 31N. by 21N.. at id. PER FOOT. PINE, SPRUCE, FLOORING AND MATCHED BOARDS. POSTS, PALING AND FENCING CHEAP, ADCOCK'S TIMBER YARD AND STEAM SAW MILLS, 10. ST. JAMES-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

Publitationo. A 1 EN WHO ARE WEAK should read the hest and 17 most valuable work on ATROPtIY and VARICOCELB, bv M.D., ch.M., with special chapters on the explanation of vital secrets and the certain CURE Of PI OSTRATION, DEBILITY and DECAY. The purest guide in essential matters. Post Free, 2d.—Address SURGEON," Copford Lodge, Brighton Sussex.

REE TO MEN. When you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds. which do you no good, but only ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN cure tor lost strength, wasting weakness, Ice., from whatever cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Sent in envolope on receipt of two stamps for postage. —A. J. LEIGH, 92-93, Great Russell-street. London, W.C.

GRADY'S 0 U RE E, MET AL POLISH. QUICK, BRILLIANT, LASTING. In IE, 4d., Id., and ld. Tins. Of all Grocers and Chandlers Wholesale from d. L. DCGUID and Co. 28. CHAPEL-ST=IT. LIVRRPOOL

THOMAS COWDELL. ESTATE AGENT, I. MILL-ST., MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON. Rents collected in Town or Country. Agent to Royal and Liverpool and Loudon and Globe Insurance Companies.

THOMAS FRAIN, RENT and DEBT COLLECTOR. House, Estate, and General Commission Agent, 39, GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. RENTS AND ACCOUNTS regularly collected in town or country.—DEßTS PURCHASED. ' References and Terms on application. Communications promptly attended to.

TANNERS' :LANE COAL WHARF, WARRINGTON. THE PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY, LIMITED, INCE HALL COLLIERIES, xislu WIGAN. LOCAL MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS. All kinds of House Coal, Nuts. Burgy, and Engine Fuel kept in stock. Wagons sent to any Railway Station, House arders promptly attended to. N.B.—Ordrrs received also at 19A, Sankey-et.

LADIES SHOULD KNOW of the most Wonderful Medical Discovery of the Age. ALL LADIES This MIRACULOUS and very powerful REMEDY quickly relieves all IItRE ULARITIES and RE- MOVES all OBSTRUCTIONS HOWEVER OBSTINATE or Long Standing. It is perfectly harmless but CERTAIN and EFFECTUAL. Thousands have been relieved. One Lady writes :--'• Your Medicine is truly wonderful ; my case was a fearfully obstinate one." Avoid useless pills. Invaluable particulars free on receipt of stamped addressed envelope. A. DASMAIL, 371, LANGDALE, WALTHAMSTOW. ESTABLISHED 1851.

THOMAS CLARKE, EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, MARK bT-ST., EARLESTOWN. A good selection of PLAIN and FANCY STATIONERY always In stock, London and Provincial Newspapers, Weekly Periodicals, Daily and Weekly Papers delivered in the neighbourhood of Eariestown,Wargrave. and the Vulcan. Agent for the old Established Dyers, Davies and Son, Liverpool.

MARTINDALE'S WELL.KNOWN BLACKING. (LIQUID AND PASTE). ALSO "S ANDRIMI - HAM " WATER PROOF JET LUSTRE AND KID CREAM FOR LADIES BOOTS. HARNESS COMPOSITION. (THE CELEBRATED HORSE SHOE BRAND) FURNITURE POLISH Sze., ALL OF THE BEST QUALITY. It HANOVER-ST., LIVERPOOL.

NBT CHEAP COAL. NBT CASH, BANK QUAY COAL DEPOT CASH, gdPer°wL T. HALTON dr CO., BdPerawt• TO COAL MERCHANTS, TO FACTORY LANE COAL YARD, 10d prevat. WA7tRING TON. 10d prowt. Nonc.—WINTER PRICES. IMMEDIATE DELIVERY

• LIVERPOOL, LLANDUDNO, BEAUNIARIS. BANIKOR. & MENAI BRIDGIC. DAILY SAILINGS P. S. ST. TUDNO, leaving Liverpool at 1045 am. arriving back in Liverpool. at 6.40 pm. WEEKLY CONTRACTS, 155. For fares, &c., apply to T. E. BMILOW. 20, Water-*t.. Liverpool.

'WHITE STAR LINE, ROYAL MAIL STBAMBRS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK. via Queenstown. every Wed. GERMANIC...Wed—Sept., 20 *MAJESTIC... Wed., Sept. 27 Second Cabin will be carried on the voyage mark- ed thus°. Steerage passage to New York, Boston, and rhiladelphia, at low rate*. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform In model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply JOSEPH SMITH, 61, Legh-st., War- toor to laxly, Isouta, and Co.. 34, Leadenhall-street. London.ingn' 8.0.. and 10. Water-street. Liverpool.

THROUGH THE LAKE DISTRICT TO THE ISLE OF MAN. THE BB EA.SRTit OR OWII. T E Shortest T O sDOUGLASeapamsa gIeS. VIA ' Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted). BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 1-45 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 8-30 a.m. Train in connection with steamers leaves Warrington via Preston et 9.55 Cheap Return Pares from Warrington First-class and Saloon 235. Od. Trains run Third-class and Saloon l4s, 6d. alongside Third-class and Fore Cabin lie. Od. steamers. SPECIAL NOTICE.—CIRCUI.AR TOUR Tickets available for going via Liverpool or Fleetw.od, for going via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleetwood, or vice versa, can now be obtained at following Faros : First-class and Saloon Third-class and Saloon 13s. Od. Third-class and Fore Cabh Sc. 6d. Papeengera mast state at the time or Booking which Route they wish to travel by on the outward and homeward jour- ney. Passengers' Luggage is conveyed free oTcharge from and to the Steamers at Barr. The journey may be broken at Grange, UlVerstone (for the Lakes), Furness Abbey, or'Liar- row. JAMES LITTLE & Co., Barrow.

SCOTLAND. ORDINARY RETURN T ICKETB issued during . the period from the Ist May to 31st October, are ava;lable for twe Calender Mouths, by OtIL or EMAIL, but are not transterable. If nut used within the pre- scribed period they are cancelled. No allowance made for tickets lost., mislaid, or not-used. STSAvi COMMUNICATION 13STWBEN ‘. LIVERPOOL AND GLASGOW. CALLING AT GREENOCK " The first-class fell-powered Screw Steamers OWL and MASTIFF are intended to sail from CL althiNCE DOCK (south-west side), Liverpool as under, carrying goons and Passengers at terms stated in Sailing Bills, to be had from the Agents. SIiPTEMBER. From From Princes Landing Clarence Dock. Stage prompt. OWL TUESDAY, 19th. 4 p.m -- MASTIFF THURSDAY, 21st. 7 p.m OWL SATGRTLLY, 23rd. 9 p.m ORDINARY BARES :—Cabin (including Steward's Fee) single, 12s. 6d. ; Return £1 : Steerage. single,6s. ; servants In catin pay full Inn!. Children above two years, and under twelve years of age half these fares. Cheap Return Tickets (valid for 10 days) issued between Liverpool. Greenock, and Giarg,.w. Cabin, 15s. Steerage, Bs. Aolms :—G. and J. Bunts, 30. Jamaica-st., Glasgow, and 10. Bernard et., Leith ; William Sinclair, Kaclse-Lnildings, Greenock; , C. MACIVBR & CO. 64, and 65, Tower Buildings, Water-it., Liverpool. Offices of the Bridgewater Navigation Combany, Limited,and Old Quay Company, 41 Queen-st , and Water-st.. Manches- ter, or C. Maclver, de. Co , Albert-square, Manchester.

RUSSELL'S GOLD AND SILVER WATCIIES, their own pure English msnufacture. with all Russell's latestpatented improvements, range in price from £3 to £235. They are,,hastrisome, strong, cud perfect time- keepers ; repress, fit the largest stock and test value in England, there being no in ermediate profit between the manufacturer and the wearer. Sent free everywhere at Russell's risk anal cost en receipt of draft or post order. Illustrated Pamphlet sent free on application. WATCH REPAIRS PROMPT AND PERFECT. Estimates given and cost of carriage taken. TLIE LARGEST STOCK OF DIAMOND, GEM ENGAGEMENT, AND WEDDING RINGS. Finger-size Card sent free on application. TREs ENTATIONS." I am prepared to quote exceptional prices for Goods of Guaranteed Quality. RUSSELL'S T. R. RUSSELL, MAKER TO THE QUEEN, CATHEDRAL WORKS. 18. CHURCH-ST.. LIVERPOOL; AND 12, MOULT-ST., (CROSS-ST.), MANCEESTER.

IL L MY HATTER. NEW SHAPES, NEW STYLES, AT LOWEST PRICES FOR THE AtilumN. HATS AND CAPS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION Can be obtained at HALL'S NOTED HAT SHOP. 1. MARKET GATE. WARRINGTON.

35, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. MAWSON AND Cø. THE STANDARD TAILORS Are NOW SHOWING some of the Choicest Designs in 41 W OOLLEN GOODS for the present Season. We have lately adopted and are now cutting by the NEWEST AND LATEST AMERICAN SYSTEM. With great success:and are confident of giving every satisfaction in fit and style. EVERYGARMENT made under PERSONAL SUPERVISION

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT CO. BEST BOOTS FOR EVERYBODY. See the new Styles in LADIES' LOW SHOES. UNDER THE CLOCK, WARRINGTON. "UNDER THE CLUB, WIDNES. 20, BRIDUE STREET, RARLESTOWN. THREE GOLD MEDALS FOR QUALITY.

TRY THE MANATOLA BLEND CEYLON TEA. 23. PER LB. Sold in lb. Packets. 6d. each. W. H. HURST, 28, MARICRT-STRRET, WARRINGTON.

~;1-..44t 101,.r ig-to ;Ary,,i,4•11.4 <, • galAtoivf la tvadr.qtys..,) grfteolb aiLlro • so l beihar;sl.xf lUw iaNk6tl fq p‘mj-/t,goltplo bait sostYli.-4 er:/ girt .I.daltsiefri• solloerre ipif,to Las THE :INaig EXTRAORDINARY SALE WILL be continued during the EXTENSIVE ALTERATIONS OF PREMISES. MOST SWEEPING REDUCTIONS TO REDUCE THE STOCK. BELOW WE GIVE A FEW QUOTATIONS ONLY. OUR STOCK BEING SO EXTENSIVE IN VARIETY AND PRICES, WOULD BE IMPOS- SIBLE TO PARTICULARISE ALL IN THE SPACE AT OUR DISPOSAL. MEN'S TROUSERS-LINED. 78 PAIRS AT 4S. 11D. USUAL BS. 11D. 140 PAIRS AT SS. 11D. USFAL 10S. 6D. 153 PAIRS AT 7. 11D. USUAL 12S. On. 284 PAIRS AT 92. 11D. USUAL 14S. On. 133 PAIRS ATIIS. 6D. USUAL 16S. 6D. • MEN'S SAC SUITS. 67 suns AT 14s. 11D. USUAL 218. On. 132 SUITS AT 19S. 11D. USUAL 325. 6D. 128 SUITS AT 255. OD. USUAL 375. 613. 119 SUITS AT 28s. OD. USUAL 455. On. ALL 'MESE GOODS ARE OUR OWN MAKE, AND FROM OUR REGULAR SIOCK FOR TUTS SEASON. ALL TUE STOCK OF BOYS FANCY SUITS REDUCED ABOUT HALF PRICE. TO EFFECT A COCARANCIC. HUNDREDS OF YOUTHS' CAMBRIDGE AND SAC SUITS ARE EQUALLY REDUCED IN PRICE. ALL ARE NEW PATTERNS FOR THIS SEASON. BOYS' ODD KNICKERS AND ODD TROUSERS ARE ALL REDUCED HALF PRICE. Business will be carried on as usual during tbe alterations. , • MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT. 8, AND 10 HORSEMARKET-ST. WARRINGTON.

VARIETY WILL ABOUND TO SATISFY EVERY FANCY. LORD BROS., MANTLE MANUFACTURERS, AND WAREHOUSEMEN, Beg to announce to their Customers and the Public generally that they are now showing their NEW SEASONS MANTLES, JACKETS, MACKINTOSHES IMPERIALS The NOVELTIES are exquisite and the great assort- ments strikingly great AT LORD BROS. 1285 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

'LADIES THIS FOR YOU TO READ. THERE IS NO PLACE LIKE HOME. And nothing in it looks more comfortable than a BRIGHT and CLEAN FIRESIDE. NO MORE BLACKLEADING REQUIRED. YOUR GRATES CLEANED IN FIVE MINUTES. USE LAWSON'S BLACK. Sold in Tins at 2d., 411., 60. each. Full directions for use on each tin. All you 7equire to use it with is LAWSON'S PATENT BRUSH AND HOLDER, Price 60. One Brush will last a lifetime. The end of the Holder being attached to the Brush forms a Shield to prevent the fingers being soiled with the black. LAWSON'S BLACK is a pleasure to use. No Brushing. No Dirt. Your Grates and Fenders will always look equal to new. Will not burn off or blister only where the bars ge red hot. SOLE MANUFACTURER FOR PATENTEE: M. M. LAWSON, BOOTLE, LIVERPOOL. A large size Tin, with Brush and Holder complete, free per Parcel Post for is. 4d. in stamps or postal order. Copy of unsolieited Testimonial, selected out of a number received. Hawthorne Villa, Llntliorpe, Middlesbro% Oct. 29, 1892. Mr- M. H. Lawson, Liverpool. DEAR SIR,—I have used some or the " Lawson's Black" on my drawing and dining room fire grates, which my husband brought me to try, with the object of saving the servants the tedious work of blackleading, and I think it only right to comply with his desire to inform you that the trial has been most satisfactory in every respect; not only is the saving in time reduced more than three-fourths, and the appearance of the grates much improved as compared to blacklead, but the brush and holder you heve introduced en- ables those who use it to do so without in any way blacking or soiling their hands. I may also add that so far the appear- ance has not been affected by the heat of the fires.—Yours respectfully, JENNIE DOVE. Ask your Teaman, Grocer, or Chandler for it, And See that You Get It.

STOTHERTS' HEADACHE & NEURALGIA POWDEIIS, • I A certain cure in 10 minutes. From all Chemists. Grocers. and Co-operative Stores, or direct from the Proprietore. Post Free, 14 or 33 stamps. In Boxes Is. 10., and 2s. 9d. Cl R. STOTHERT AND SONS, WHOLESALE CHEMISTS, ATHERTON, NEAR MANCHESTER.

H. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS or TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (COW HIDE) from 16s. Od. LADISR. DRESS BASKETS 39. DALE-ST., ANO 8, PARKER-ST LIVERPOOL.

GEDDES'S DANDELION C OFF EE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Bold by all Grocers and Druggists, In Canister bd., 104., and Is. Bcl each. Wholesale by J GEDDES & Son. Warrington.

TEA. CEYLON TEAS, in perfection, direct from estates. INDIAN TEAS, till] of strength and flavour. BLENDED TEAS, of delicious quality. KEEN BUYEitS and JUDGES OF VALUE should not fall to write at once for a sample of our Tess. Every tirde and requirement can be satisfied direct from our warehouse at the lowest possible cost, saving pence per pouitd. CITY OF LONDON TEA COMPANY, BEER-LANE, LONDON, B.C.

BRAND & CO.'S BEEF BOUILLON. A MOST NUTRITIOUS AND INVIGORATING BEVERAGE. . Made by the Simple Addition or Bolling Wat At a Cost within the reach of all. 11. LITTLE STANHOPE-ST—MAYFAIR. W.

-1-71 THE EMPIRE TEA CO's NOTED TEAS / t.• PER AT 2/, 2/2, 2,4, 2,'6, & 4/6 LB. WE GIVE ONE CHEQUE, OR VALUE 3n. WITH EACH QUARTER-POUND TEA. Purchasers or Cheque Holders have a costly and varied Stock of useful and ornamental Articles to choose from. P., Sheets, Tabled( ths, Towels, rtc. p. .4 Kitchen and Parlour Rugs, H 0 • noor.mats all sorts, 0 IA ei Z Floor and Table Oilcloths, td 0 .4 IA Ironware in great variety, SO W O X Baskets, Brushes, &c., o tn w H ,'4. Cutlery all aorta, ci ti GO . 0 China, and Earthenware, t-.. fr" Toilet Sets, Trinket Sets, C '.4 0 n C 4 1-1 Lamps a large assortment, Z .1 }4 Glassware all sorts, Z Vases and other ornaments in great variety. Culinary articles too varied to enumerate. THE EMPIRE TEA COMPANY, 16, HORSEMARKET-STREST. IVARAINGTON.

-- LICENSED FOR THE SALE OF METHYLATED SPIRITS AND BENZOLINE. AGENT for SEQUAH'S REMEDIES. THE EXORS. OF THE LATE ISAAC SPEAKMAN CHEMIST 13 If EXAMINATION. BRIDGE-ST.. PHARMACY 27. BRIDGE-ST., RUNCORN. PATENT MEDICINES (with a few exceptions) AT RE- DUCED PRICES, Viz. 2s 94 for 2s 3d. 2s Gd for 23 Id, ls lid for 100. 6d. Nelson's Gelatine 3 for 110, Is. Neave's food 8.1 per tin, Ac., AO. SPEATT'S DOG BISCUITS 18s Gd per 1121bs or 12Ibs for 2s 3d. Calabar Dog Biscuit, 12s 61 per cwt. CHEAPEST HOUSE FOR HOUSEHOLD SOAPS. Pears' soap 3 for 10,1; Easlehurst's " Sun," 3 tablets for Sid ; Sunlight, 3 in box 711; Broekes Monkey Soap, 314 per lb. Homcepathia Medicines 6d bottle, sd; Vichy Waters, 13s per ease, 60.—Best and Cheapest House for White Lerd, Tur- pentine, Varnish, Oil, Brushes, Ac. Send for prices. Whole sale Dealer in Petroleum 011, Hudson's Dry Soap, &c, Aspinall's Enamel Paint. Cooper's Sheen Dip. 12s per -4,•e.

1113aintatt otrbants, &t. Gum, s:rong. Wanted, for housework.—Apply Mts. GITTMER. 154, Ridgway-street, Butler-street, Manchester.

WANTED, respectab e GENERAL SERVANT at once (country preferred). No washing whatever.-197, St. Lukes-rord, Be'grave-road, Birmingham. WANTED SITUATION, as GARDENER, head, experi- enced in all branches ; 36 ; excellent character.- 141.siTaxtv AmintsoN, Burghwallis, Doncaster.

wANTED. a second HOUSEMAID, must have been out before; also two good ORNERALS.—AppIy stating wa4gel, Sm.. to HOUSEKEEPER, Wingerworth H.ll, Chester- field.

lITANThD, SITUATJON as HOUSEKEEPER. elderly lay, widower with small family, or bachelor, refer- ences.—Miss A., 54, Ehyddings-st., Oswaldtwistle, Acrrlog- ton.

WANTED, SITUATION as Butler, where Boy le kept or single-handed in sma I family. aged 25, tall, good appearance, well tralned.—Address, J.D., 16, Spelre-road, Woolton, near Liverpool. . .

DELL'S ORIGINAL REGISTER OFFICE hat only one address.—Mrs. kleata. BELL, Scotia House, Highfield- st., Leicester. Good servants always wanted. Catholic Cook, Housemaid, and Parlourmaid, wanted at once

ENPRAL SERVANT WANTED ; respectable and com- petent person al out 20 er 25 years of age, able to under- take washing for small family, comfortable home for suitable person.—Apply Mrs. Dim 0. Wellington-fields, Wavertree. Liverpool.

RHy. JOHN MARJORIBAKS EGERTON. who is going abroad, highly recommends his GROOM-COAC H MAN ; ride, days pair. light weight, age 28. married, no family. Also Boy, age 13, for stables.—Apply RODE RECTORY, Scholar Green, Cheshire.

SITUATION, WANTED. as Lady's maid to one Lady, or sewing maid. willing to be useful. Age 22. Catholic, 18 months good character. good plain d'essmaker and hair- dresser. Please state wages.—lDA WHITING, Brampton Station. near Wangford, ouffolk.

WANTED, thoroughly experienced Plain Cook, thorough Housemaid-Waitress ; ages 26 to 28; English or Scotch ; £2O and £l6. Also Girl (about 18), assist in house- work and kitchen ;£9to £1 ; good character from last situa- tion indispensible.—Mrs. HOWARD, Bryntirion, Rhyl.

LLANDUDNO.—Comfortahle Apartments, two minuces from Pier.—Mrl. GHIFFITHe, 17 Chapel Street. RRNOVELLO BOARDING HOUSE. Fagle Parade, Buxton, moderate terms, pleasantly situated.—Miss JONES.

QCOTIAND.—APARTMENTS, superior, or Board,near rail, kJ post, English and Scotch Churches. Fine situation. Mothrate charges.—TAlMANY, Bunkeld, N.B. • I3LACKPOOL (South Shore).—Comfortable and well- furnished APARTMENTS (public and private), with or without board.—Mrs. BLEAILLEY. 63. Dean-st.

BLACKPOOL.—Visitors will find comfortable and pleasant APARTMENTS (public or priv.te). at Mn. CHRIS SHARP, 36, Hull-road. One minute malk from Central Station and sea. Piano.

PLACKPOOL.—Two la d le or Lady and Gentlemtn can D have homely LODGINGS or APARTMENTS for the winter montio : Reduced terms —l3, George-street, Talbot- road, Blackp&L

VALES OF LLANGOI LEN.—Fir Tree, Maesmawr.— APARTMENTS in a charming situation, a little above and ten minutes walk from Llangollen ; terms moderate.— Apply Mrs. NDWANDII.

CARNARVONSHIRE.—TO BB LBT. furnished, drawing. dining. 4 bedrooms. in a superior farmhouse. stable, coach-house,near sea and chureh,shooting.—Apply J.ROBERTS, Plastandinas. Llandwrog.

-110UXTON.—THB PRAK THERMAL ESTABLISHMENT. I) The best Hydropathic in the district. Mineral Water and other Baths. Magnificent public rooms. Excellent cuisine. Table d'boto at separate tables.

QBA SIDE! SEA SIDE!! COMFORTABLE APART- kJ MEN I 8 To Let, braeing air, Roost rooms, use of piano, gardens, bath-room, and every home comfort studied, stable, coach-house if required.—Apply Mrs. DOWNES, 78. High- street. Bridlington, Yorks. Terms very reasonable.

BOUSFIELD HOUSE, Loch Promenade, Douglas, Isle of Man. The House is replete with every modern con- venience. Finest views of Douglas Bay. Two minutes' walk from the Landing Pier. —Proprietress, Mrs. KEISALL.

DOIICILAS, ISLE OF MAN.—Warrington House, Empress Terrace, late /Impress Drive, situated in the Centre of the Bay, Uninterrupted View of Sea and Headlands, every accommodation for Boarders and Non-Boartltrs ; terms moderate.—P. TRAVIS, Proprietor.

SHOOTING over above 8.000 acres, strictly preserved; partridges (last ason £OO brace), snipe, duck, pheasants ; excellent flspprr shooting from 3st August ; billiard- : sports guaranteed and free to visitors.--4walchmal Hotel, Hwalchmal, Anglesey.

LANDUDNO.-GOULDING'S PRIVATE HOTEL 1./ and BOARDING HOUSE. Church Walks. Private sitting rooms; 70 bedrooms. Billiard and Smoke R 001138.— GOULDING'S 'Bus meets all trains. MAMBA° LIGHT.

LONDON.—Visitorn to BERNARD'S PRIVATE HOT XL. Bstab. 31 years. Centsal for businesi or pleasure. Over 1.00 testimonials from Minister, and others. Bed, breakfast, Is, plain ; two for ss, 6d. ; tea 10d.-1 and 2 Granville-sqtsare, King's Cross-read.

SOUTHPORT, SUNNYSIDE HYDRO, Promenade extension. Physician, Dr. Bernardo. A summer and winter residence, combining all the comforts of a pleasant home. Sea view, parks, pier, and trams near. New Turkish and other baths, billiards, and tennis. Terms moderate.— I. Booooox, proprietor,

BUXTON SUMMER DAYS.—HADDON GROVE HYDROPATRIC. Just added new Recrea- tion room for entertainments and dancing. For rheumatism and gout thorough treatment given. Billiards, lawn tennis, &c. Terms, 15s. to 495. per week. Special week end terms. —G. E. HALL, Proprietor.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40, LUDGATE HILL. ROMB COMFORTS. CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. Central for business or pleasure.

GEORGE JACKSON. I'AWNBROKB H, JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH, 59. I.ND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY, Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS. GUNS, and MUSICAL IN- RUMENTS of every Description. Current Market nice for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES Or ITEREST FOR .MO NET LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

GFUND Centre, Fire Double barrelled breech loading GUNS Payments taken. 12's Bore. Bar Action, top lever, doub!e bolt. deal lever engine, turned extension rib, rebounding locks, low circular hemmers, well below line of siyht, Deeley and Edge's patent snap fore end, finest English twist barrels, left choke bore, splendidly polished walnut stock, pistol grip. Handsomely engraved and finished in bee' style, exceedingly light, reliable weapon. 113 5 Warranted, worth seven guineas. Only , S.

fl it 1G IN A LLY cost maven guineas kJ first class English SILVER Lever Payments taken. HUNTING WATCH, made by that noted maker "Johnson, Preston" Highly finished movement, capped, every action fully jewelled with valuable rubles, adjusted compensat- ing balance for climalic changes, in first-class condition, perfect. time- keeper, warranted for seven years. 21 19 6 See this wonderful bargain. Only £l. D. -

HAN E DSOM pair of BRONZE Payments taken. (CARLY HORSES, cost four .0 1 . 1') guineas. ' Only dd.". S. 6D. SOLID SILVER Curb ALBERT Payments taken. and SEAL. Government stamped. Only S. 9D. LfAOMPICHNT solid WALNUT vi OVERMANTLE, equal to new, Payments taken. Fashionable Canopy top. One best plate glade bevelled mirrors, very large centre plate, with circular and other brackets for disolay of Eric-a-Bras. hand,omely carved and polished. size 44 by 50. Cost six guineas. well worth inspec- Don., Only 1.95. 1J D. AN excellent cure for drunkenness, marvellous in its effects. 3s. 6d. per post.—CAßFErring. Chemist, Burn- ham, Somerset.

-- A PPLES FOR SAL.—Blenheirns and souring!, and large IX cooking apples In small muntites or large ; prices on a vplication.—G. GlLvams, Bledington, Chipping Norton, Oxon. RHFUMATISM cured after dreadful suffering.—Lady will send full particulars on receiving stamped addressed envelope.—Miss Davies. Olga Lodge 57, Fatady-road. North Kensington. London.

A GOOD BATH CHAIR TO BB SOLD CHBAP. in 11. good condition, u h lstered and hair cushion. guide to front wheel which is a new one. On view, 15, Darby Row, Vulcan. Newton-le-Willows.

QCOTCH WHISICHT.—Parties desiring really good Whiskey should send P.O. for 20s. for six betties, car- riage paid to any part of England.—McJEßEow and Co., Lockerble, N.B. Established 1825.

CANARIES; handsome young Yellow and Marked Birds, bred from prize winners. splendid singing Cocks 2s. 9d.. 3 fgt. 714. 6(1.; Hens le. safffily p,wited, Misa HAnots,Homer- street. Ballsall Heath, Worcestershire.

DOUGLAS, ISLE OF MAN.—The BUSINESS of a largo private Hotel to be Sold, as a going concern, situate on the Loch Promenade. one of the largest and best connections In Douglas ; a profitable business.—Address B. .T. BuHough, 1, RI, hmond-terrace, Blackburn.

TORN LOWE, Fire and Thief-proot SAFE MAKER, has ON SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand; very cheep ; 100 to choose from. —3B, Albert-street, King-street West. Manchester.

SOLD. Lancasters' celebrated photographic 80,000 Cameras. &c.. for Amateurs or Profes- sionals. MANCHESTER AGENCY is at 71. Oxford-st. (All Saints'). Lists free. Second hand cameras bought or ex- changed.

HOMB WORK.—WeII made hand knitted socks to order, best quality wool, 3s. per pair ; shawls, best quality, tCa wool, Ts. 6d., largest size. 10s. ; handsome felt hassocks, worked in silks, all colours, 7s. 6d., carriage paid.—Miss GURNEY, Briertcn Vicarage. Aylesbury.

PILEi 1 PILES! All outward PILES cured in two or three days with 130DDY'S PATENT OINTMENT. Testimonials from all parts Only one trial solicited.— Apply Mr. or Mrs. Bonny. Queen's Head Inn, Manchester-road, Bradford, Yorkshire. Boxes Is. each, by post Is. lid. .18,.USEFUL RECIPE for mothers. McKinnell's nursery lotion, so effectually destroys all vermin and nits, that a single application thoroughly cleans children's heads. Bottle sent post free for Is. P. 0., or 13 stareps.—WALTEß Mulinvif ff,X. I. Railway Approach. Clapham, London, S.W.

'S/17 ALKEIt'S SPECIFIC FOR PILBS.—A Certhin, safe and speedy remedy. Beneficial to the general health. Cures constipation. Invaluable to ladles. In boxes, Is. 14.1., and 2s. 9d., of most chemists bv poet is. 3d. and 2s. lid —J. WALKER, Manchester House, St. Augustine's-road. Southsea.

'UOIIND DRAB. —Thousands Lave been killed with I Sanford's Poison. Hun& &is of farmers that have used It. say it is tie lest poison known, as they find a lot of rats dead by using it. Post tree la. 2d., 28., 38 box, of SANFORD and SON, Sandy, Beds. Send stamp and try it. Bold by ehemis,s.

rrOOTHACHE.—Corbett's K.N.D. will destroy the nerve In a hollow tooth at once ; do not wait until the toot' begins to ache. And then waste two days in pain while the remedy is sent for, but keep a bottle ready, and stop the pain at once. Post free is. 3d. Mention paper. Comm= and Co., Ruabon, N, Wale,.

ENS! TENTS ! I TENTS! I I—Suitable for Gardens, 1 Cricket. or Camping-out purposes. Forty feet in cir- cumference, pure linen, with pegs, poles, and lines com- plete. These tents are white, and have only been used a little by Her M jesty's Government. and cost over £6 each. I will send one complete for 20s. Can be sent en approval.— HENRY J. GASSON, Government Contractor, Rye, Sussex.

NOTTINGHAM LACE CAPES. SPLENDID SILK LACE CAPES 2s. 6D. AND 39, 6n. EACH. Carriage paid ; superior quality ss. 11. d , worth 158. Stand quality guaranteed. Beautiful white skirts, full size- trimmed deep lace, 28. 61,; trimmed with embroidery. 48.6 d., good value. Carriage paid. WIC COTTON, Lace and Lace Curtain Manufacturer, Weekday Cross, Nottint,hanz.— Established 50 years.

A WARDED FIRST PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide 11 Jubilee Exhibition, 1887, and Sydney Centenary Exhibition. 1888. —TO PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. Cheapest House in London for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings —all the newest designs. Two million feet always in 5t...11. Veneered and fancy wood mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every description, oleographs,&c. Further reduction in prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipping orders. Full particular* in <pattern book and catalogue (85 pages 4to demy revised for 1891) for 3d. stamps.—H. MOBF.LL, 17 and 18. Great St. Andrew-st., Bloomsbury, London. Telegraphic address Rabbitry," London. Stook lists and prices of glass monthly, free.

HOOPER AND SIMMONS COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock to select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams, Landaus, Victoria', .Wagonettes. and Phietons. now for Sale or Hire.

0N SALE,three useful SPRING CARTS, snit Cob 13 hands ; one equal to new • also one SETiof Spring Cart GBACS to be sold Cheap—Apply THOMAS WILKINSON, Golden Lion, Wallgate, Wigan.

CONTINUATION OF REDUCTIONS. OF THE RESIDUE OF- STOCK, Alin AT PRICES THAT MUST COMMAND AN ENTIRE CLEARANCE AT THE TEMPLE OF ARTS FURNITURE ESTAB- LISHMENT. 164 AND 166, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON. SIDEBOARDS. A few Splendid Sldeboarde from 4 feet to 7 feet ate reduction of 15 to 25 per cent, from the plainly marked usual prices. BEDROOM SUITES. Bedroom Suites from £5 to £BO, amongst hich are some very handsome Suites in al- most every kind of Wood and decorated, at a reduction of 10 to 25 per cent, from the plainly marked usual prices. BEDSTEADS. Iron, Iron and Dress, and all Brass Bed- steads, at greatly reduced prices. CARPETS AND HEARTHRUGS, /co. Carpets. Hearthrugs, Floor Cloths, Lino- leum, Mattings, and Mats of every descrip- tion, and at very low prices. Bede and Mattresses of every kind made, and Bedding of all sorts. A 1 quality, and at prices that minuet fall to give satisfaction. CONTINUATION OF REDUCTIONS AT THE TEMPLE OF ARTS, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON. R. W. MARSH. ESTABLISHED 1864.

ON SAL one 8 hoe-power Horizontal ENGINE and M rs VERTICAL BOILER. also first-class Farmers Cart (new), all complete.—Apply FAIRCLOUGE, Black Bear Smithy, Latchford.

MO BE SOLD, TRACTION ENGINE and TERASHING PLANT, with Self-binder; worked last spring; in good condition ; owner dead.—Apply Mrs. BARTON. Crooke, elbevington, near Wigan.

ion MACHINE TOOLS. eoinprising LATHES, DRILLS. kJ PLANERS, SHAPERS, ENGINES. t•TEA‘I HAMMERS, MILLING MACHINES, PUNCHING and BENDING MACHINES, &a., ready—For list apoly Soon: Enos., Halifax. /-114 SALE, cheap, one 2.horse-power compact VBItTICAL ENGINE. suitable for chaff cutting or chipped potatoe washtnw ; also 1-s.h. wrOt saddle circulating BOILER, 3ft. by 21t. by 20 inches, beating power. 5 Oft. 41n. pipe.—Cfmmus Carroty, Scotland-road, Warrington.

fillßN-INOH bore HORIZONTAL BNGINB ; Planing Machine. 6ft. by 2ft. 10in. wide ;8 Second-hand Slide Lathe ; Vertical Boller, sft.by 2tt. Sin ; Mortising Machines; Saw Pa me. 4ft. by 2ft. : Ornamental Fountalc.—WlLLlAM WALICINGITON,Skinner-lane, Leeds.

ST. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS LIMITED (late Ormerod, Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester. have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS, Millwright, and all kinds of Engineeeing Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appll eatlon.—Teleplcone 229. PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stook ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

pATENT OFFICE, MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 18.35. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES A SON have had more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws,' price Is. GEORGE DAVIES. C.R., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A., 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

AWARDED OVER 370 PRIZE MEDALS. BRADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY - APPROVED LAUNDRY & DAIRY MACHINERY. COMPLETE OUTFITS FOR HAND AND STEAM POWER. Catalogues Free Correspondence invited. THOMAS BRADFORD & CO.. • 130, BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL; VICTORIA-AVENUE, MANCHESTER; Also SALFORD and LONDON.

ANY ItESPECTABLE PERSON who is in want of money should apply to the under-mentioned. Sums of £3 up- wards advanced at a few hours notice. Strictest privacy observed whether money advanced or not. Interest and repayments at a low rate. Apply. In strictest confidence. p3rsonally or by letter to:—W. B. MOREWOOD, 60, New Cross-st., St. Helens. or 94, Wl:lrv-a-road, Widnes.

A LADY HAVING CASH at her dispos .1, is open to make fl. Temporary Ca:h Advances of £,3 and upwards. In con- fidence, to respectsble ,housel olders, who wish to avoid the usual unpleasantness and routine of a loan office; no sureties are asked for, and habitual borrowers need not apply.— Apply personally, or by letter, Mrs. MOREWOOD, 94, Widnes- rJad, Widnes.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANCED. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO upwards on BORROWBRS OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now being lent annually. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy-st.. Manchester. ESTABLISHED 1870.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. mre. JOHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES FRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable tic useholders, or their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STUCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquuy, on your simple written prcruise to pay back.—Apply Pt VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (toot of the Central Station), WLDNES, and in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134. Orford-lane, any Evening from St 17. Applications from RUNCORN an., District generally receive precisely the same attention.

MONEY, MONEY, MONEY. LOANS £5 TO £5OO. May be had on day of application. If it is inconvenient to call. all letters will have our prompt attention. If you want to Start in Business. If you want to Furnis yeur House. If you want to Pay your Debts. If you wan to Increase your Stock. If you want to Pay your Rent. Repayments to suit Borrowers. Strictest priyacy guaranteed. No Bills of Sale. No Sureties. No Fines. No Loan Office routine.—Apply to R. N. W EBBER, 8, DURNING ROAD, off Wavertree Road, EDGEIIILL, LIVERPOOL. Near LONDON & NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY STATION.

gs.ates bp Zurtton. Telephone: N 0.55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. Omura—Market Gate Chambers, AUCTION Rooms—No.l } Rank Street Warrington. AGENT To—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1866. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Assochtlan Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boiler Insurance Company, Linaed. Established 1864.

BY ORDER OF THE MORTGAGES. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION BY . T. and J. L. TUNSTALL and CO., at 11 /1 ESTL BLUE BELL INN. 25 and 27. HORSEMAREET4T.. WARRINGTON. on WEDNESDAY,the 27th day of SEPTEMBER. 1893, at 5 for 6 o'clock in the evening. in the following or such other Lots as may be agreed upon at the time of Sale, and subjeci. to thi- General Conditions of Sale of the Blackburn Incorporated Law Society, and to such other special condi- tions as shall be then and there produced LOT 1.-All that LEASEHOLD MESSUAGE or DWELL- ING-HOUSE, situate and numbered 165, Bewseyyoad, Warrington, now in the occupation of William liankey, as tenant thereof. Lot 2-All that LEASEHOLD MESMAGE or.DWELL- INCI-HOUSE, situate and numbered 167. in Bewsey-r, ad, aforesaid, tow in the occupation of Jane Probert, as tenant thereof. LOT 3.-All that LEASEHOLD MESSUAGE or DWELL- ING-HOUSH situate and numbered 169, in Bewsey-road aforesaid and now in the occupation of Alexandra Lease as tenant thereof Lot 4.-All that LEASEHOLD MESSUAGE or DWELL- ING-lIOUSA situate and numbered 171, in Bewsey-road aforesaid and now in the occupation of Walter Bellian as tenant thereof. Lot 5.--All that LEASEHOLD MESSUAGE or DWELL- INGHOUSE situate and numbered 173, in Bewsey-road aforesaid and now in the occupation of Amos Hartley as tenant thereof. LOT 6. -All that LEASEHOLD MESSUAGE or DWELL- ING-HOUSE and shop situate staid !limbered 1. in Hoyle-st• Warrington aforesaid and now in the occupation of John Armstrong as tenant thereof. L T 6 is a well-accustomed and very desirable corner Shop having st grocer's off license. Los. that LEASEHOLD MESSUAGE or DWELL- ING HOUSE, situate and numbered 3, in Hoyle-st., afore - said, and now in' the ooc tpation of George Allen, as tenant thereof. Lot 6.-All that LEASEHOLD MRSSUAGE or DWELL- ING-HOUSE, situate and number d 5, in Hoyle-st., afore- said, aud now in the occupation of Jeffry Dingley, as tenant thereof. LOT 9,-All that LEASEHOLD MESSUAGE or DWELL- GMOUSE, situate and numtered 7, in Hoyle-st.. atore- ,eld. and now in the occupation of Elizsbeth Toft, as tenant I thereof. LOT 10.-All that LEASEHOLD MES WAGE or DWELL- ING-HOUSE, situate and numbered 9, in Hoyle-st., afore- said, and now in the occupation of George Leacn, as tenant thereof. LOT 11.-All that LEASEHOLD MESSUAGE or DWELL- ING-HOUSE, situate isnd numbered 11, in Hoyle-st., afore- said, and now in the occupation of Thomas Baxter, as tenant thereof. LOT 12.-All that LEASEHOLD MESSUAGE or DWELL- ING-HOUSE, situate and numbered 13, in Hoyle-st., afore- said, and new in the occupation of John Simcoek, as tenant thereof. Lot 13.-All that LEASEHOLD MESSUAGE or DWELL- ING-HOUSE, situate and numbered 15, in Hoyle-tit., afore- said, and now in the occupation of John Budge, as tenant thereof. • All the above Lets are Leasehold for the residue of a term of 999 years. and are sold an ject to the covenants and conditions affecting the cause and to the yearly rent f £B9 14s. 2d. apportioned as follows i-Lot t, £3; Lot 2, £3 4s. 94. : Lot 3, £3 4s. 9d,; Lot 4, £3 4s 9,1.; Lot 5. £3 4s. 9d.; Lot 6 £5 10s. ; Lot 7, £2 12s. ; Lot 8, £2 12s. 2d. ; Lot 9. £2 12s. 2d.; Lot 10, £3 12s. 2,1. ; Lot 11, £2 12s. 2d. ; Lot 12, £2 12s. 2d.; Lot 13, £.2 12s. 2d. Further particulars may be obtained and the Indenture of Underlease tinder which the premises are held inspected on applicaticn to the. Auctioneers ov to 13. COOPER, Solicitor, 75, Northgate. Blackburn.

CAP,ITAL Two-manual ORGAN; fine rich tone splendid pitch pine case.—ALEX. YOUNG 86 SoNs. organ builders. Eldon-it.. Manchester.

J. W. TEMPERLEY, " MUSIC) SBLLER,. 31, LOWLAND'S ROAD. RUNCORN. PIANOS, ORGANS, VIOLINS, &C. Tuning and Repairs. All kinds of Fittings in Stock. Arrangements made for First-Class Orchestral Band and Pianists. PIANOS on HINE and ort HIRB-PURCHASB.

GREAT SALE of fire salvage of over 200 PIANOS AND O:.GANS, at J. PARRY'S 18, to 24, Downing- St.. Ardwick, Manchester. Mrs Parry having come to a speedy and satisfactory settle- ment with the Yorkshire Fire Insurance Company has decided to make a quick clearance at half their cost. La Pull toned Bell Organ walnut and gold case cost R2B 8 10 Oblique German Piano, irory ke,s. and 7 octaves Nanette by Derwent of Loud ii 7 oc•aves Rosewood cottage Piano, Nuqer, 7 octaves 4 15 Iron frame cottage Piano, Ravenswood, 7 octaves 5 0 Iron frame cottage Plano, overstrung,Stodart,7 octaves 6 0 Iron frame German, overstrung piano. 7 octaves 9 15 Iron frame semi-grand, by Kirkman, 7 octaves Iron frame concert Grand, by Collard. 7 octaves l4 0 The above lots are perfectly new inside with iron frame, full trichord, brass pin plate, and patent check action. The out- side cases are damaged by water.

_ ERARD. Makers to the Queen, 1-8, Great Marlborough-et.. Regent-et. PADEREWSKI says: "Play only on an Erard wherever obtainable.

ERARD. The remainder of the Eng- lish Models at Great Reductions. PADEREWSKI Says: "Play only on an Erard wherever obtainable. S. and P. BRAM MAKERS to the QUER.N and ROYAL FAMILY. 18. GREAT MARLBOROUGH-ST.. REGENT-ST., W.

ffitrprlts, agOtntittsl Ztr. SAFETIES! SAFETIES!! SAFETIES! ! Write for most complete List in the Trade. Post Free, con- taining over 500 New and Second-hand Machines ,all of the latest patterns. Machines from 255. heapest and Best in the World. Trade supplied 51 per cent. cheaper than other makers. Large List Post Free. W. It. WARRILOW, REGENT CYCLR WORKS, WESTON-SUPER-MARE.

MASON'S CYCLE CO.. LTD. 71. RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. THE BEST MACHINES, WITH PNEUMATIC TYRES, FROM £ll 11s. EACH. REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. A. MASON. MANAGER. NOTE NEW ADDRESS.

THE OLD-ESTABLISHED BASSINETTE WAREHOUSE. Beware of spurious limitations. The best and cheapest Carriages in the town or district. (No connection with any other firm of the same name.) WASHTON, 74, Sankey-st., Warrington, mann- • lecturer of Rah Chairs, Bassinettes, Rustic Carri- ages, Itc., of the best materials and workmanship, on the premises, under personal supervision. Well-finished Bassinettes from 255., warranted to run straight. Mail Carts, Tricycle Horses, Doll Cnrrlages, Agent for Sewing Machines, Wringing and Washing Machines. WORKS :—BEAMth,T-STRERT.

BELSIZE, IRWELUS, WHITWORTH'S, TRENTS, REFEREES. HUMBER and SYMYER, CRYPTO'S, COVENTRY CROSS, GROSVENORS, STARS, and maker of the celebrated HARDIE CYCLES. The largest Stock in the North to select from. Every machine warranted for 12 months. Cycles made and repaired on the premises. Solid- tyred Safeties converted into cushions from 30s. The trade supplied and agents appointed. CALL end SEE HARD! ES HUMBER-PATTERN DIA- MOND FRAME 1893 (Dunlop or other Pneumatic Tyres) weight from 301b5., for £lO 10s. Warranted fur 12 months. Cycles supplied on the easy payment system. HARDIE, Cycle Factor, 80, Renshaw-st.. Liver- pool, and 288 and 293. Regent-road. Salford.

-- 1 FALB end FEMALE NURSES INSTITUTION, 70, LVI Hope-it., Liverpool. Estab. 1878.—For reliable tttendants. Mental, Medical, and Monthly Nurses, Massage, ipply or telegraph, " Nurses." Liverpool. Telephone. /V.

HOMAS LEA, CONFECTIONER AND WHOLESALE BREAD BAKER, CHURCH-STREET, RUNCORN, Begs to inform hl numerous patrons that he has just opened, as a Branch Establishment, the Shop, 38, HIGH-STREET, RUNCORN, with high class confectionery and fancy breads. Orders will receive prompt attention.

COLLIER'S. BREAD Is prepared from CAREFULLY SELbCTED FLOUR, Produced from the FINEST CALIFORNIAN WHEAT, Carefully made by Experienced Bakers, is ABSOLUTELY PURE, And delivered daily to all parts of Ituncorn and District. Orders to be left at 6, Church-st. The Largest Trade in Town. Over 2,400 Loaves sold every week. WALTER COLLIER, 6. CHURCII-STREET, RUNCORN.

DII. SCOTT'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS The Safest Medicine. DR. scoTT's PILLS Cure Indigestion, and Wind. DR. SCOTT'S plus Cure Nervous Depression. DR- SCOTT'S pILLS Restore the Appetite. DR. scorrs pius Purify the Blood. DR.'.) -1COTI"S pi LLS • 1., .1 Strengthen the Whole System. D'• SCOTT'S pins The Best Family Medicine. DR. Sc°l7's pILLs Mild but Brfectual. DR. SCOTT'S BIL lOUS AND LIVER PILLS Are wrapped hi a square green package, bearing th,. name of the proprietor, W. LAMBERT 173, tiey-mour Place. London. W.. 'Ay post for 14 or 34 stamps.

IMPORTANT NOTICE. NEW TALE! NEW TALE!!! ON SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 30TH, The' EXAMINER" will contain the OPENING CHAPTERS of a NEW STORY which will be found of thrilling interest, entitled : "PARTED BY FATE; OR THE mYsTBRY OF BLACK TOR LIGHTHOUSE." By LAURA JEAN LIEBEY, Author of " lone, the Pride of the Mill," ae.,

0 - 0 i. , , . e . 'dr .1 ...; t „,, .! ,:., f ~ri- .41 ,a ,‘ .17.• 1 frl Iq. 1 i, .',l .tr, , - 1 ! , '.t. ~4i ' 't 1.4 ',, 0 •,' ~. tf ~ ': . ', .r, .4 *Ar iOll Is Mr. George Price, Bank of Ent. A: 'irT-7.it land, St. Simon St. °, Salford, says : W• ''' '' • .c 1,7-. .• - \ !, "For many years I have been afficted ~'• 'tjtici.ti''• :'--,•-:1\,•'•-• - , • - 44113F,.`• eki.-C21.,,1;';,'' II with most excruciating pains in my '*- .A. •••-"Yltil --'e . I'l limbs, which at times drove me al- 1 t•',/ LP‘v, i q.. e , . most mad, incapacitating me from 2/ ' i "•,•,",:', ...., attending to business for weeks at a i 1 h /1/..:::..... iii . time. After a few applications of I•Pilfi , • iee ST. JACOBS OIL the change in me tz /\ \ \ is simply marvellous—l am a new man. I have spent scores of pounds in doctors' medicines, but all have ii proved futile. I give you this infor• - mation for the interests of my fellow men, and you have my permission to make whatever use of same you think best." , ~ 'r tet j kit 4- L. 4%,, ... ... 0

LATHERS FREELY IN THE HARDEST—WATER ... WATSON'S g. ;, .„, • ,41 ~ TcH 1 CLEANS Pi SS• R .s 5 il,P FOR ALL THE BEST ' PURPOSES._, LARGEST SALE OF 11b. TABLETS IN THE WO retrit READ “THAErCe.LIGHT PICTURE,B R I GA E '' pHr oAd uRo ti oLi r 01 I' TF Hii pH SPLENDID TH I (The famous " Matchless Cleanser "Show Card), will be sent, in good gilt frame, carriage paid. to an reader who will forward, with full name and address, 150 Matchless Cleanser Soap WRAPPER , (outside wrapper in RED and BLACK only), addressed to Joseph Watson and Some.;. Whitehall. Soap Works. Leeds. Wrappers will not be accepted ludas postage is fully prepaid.. ''

W. GEE TAYLOR'S ECZEMA CU ItsVO. At once stops irritation, and cures DISEASES. Contains NO POISON. Prenrder Stain. Price Is. Ud. and 2s. 9d., or Postal s'.,tea. is. 3d. & 3s, from Sole Proprietor. Agents vo4" W. GEE TAYLOR, Chemist, limuterford: r

IliE NATIONAL POE'rlfY OF IRELAND. -- The Irish ti.ational songs being in a language that had e ceased to he that of th cultivated classes, the stimulus theY might have afforded to the imagination and feelings be Was ul 0 y to be had through transiati us, and these must a work of time. The national poets of Ireland; there- for e, stand in a wholly different position from gums or Seot t' They have to create the associations which are Z— Powerful an engine for exciting poetic feelings. No ulye has yet succeeded in doing this for Ireland soeffectu- la;ke " ,qoore. The Vale of Avoca, Glendalough, the h. in %hose waters the fisherman sees " the round .",!ers of other days " are as truly classic ground as o.r.t he Trn;s4chs. He cast. many a.ra. i y around i 4 may history of his country, and celebrated n touch- hag strains her great men of a later psriod. But while Irishthe Elam of Tara and the golden collar Of the ' gre"fi As.. anlius, ma, even the sorrows of the Prince of Of mhe passed completely over these long centuries Ord'isery the " waste of her annals," to use his own ofit,until he came to the " epoch sublime" n ratta ti; ti and the volunteers. Some of his very ._,_natespi'ot7oes are addressed to the memory of the Irish Who" humour, as gay as the fire.fly's light. w, Ted round as very subject. and shone as it played; • !ii wit lu the combat, as cheerful as bright, 44 eel.' carried a heart-stein away on its blade. ' Whe olost touching poetry is dedicated to his early friend onhap Eo.— minet, and to the betrothed of that friend, " i'.7ls" 0 story is so affectingly told by Washington Irving sive Sketch-book." Moore's most successful norm- .. Utt.,j)°eln, too, "The Fire-worshippers," is another • sha'rnen of his 'patriotic feelings. In it Ireland is el, eyed forth under the name of Iran, the traditions of is ~..eatern origin and Of the ancient fire-worship, which ie mid to survive in the bonfires of St. John's Eve, hay- g gieeo the clue. And in the beautiful song of tahT's Dto aughter " the author seems again to allude /I? Curran. . r shall Iran beloved of her hero, forget thee. T eieho,2 b - tyi ants watch over her tears as they start; close by the side of that hero she'll set thee, In fa Israbalmed in the innermost shrine of her heart. littie;_t* Moore's genius was thoroughly national, though ' of iv rrinted with religious bigotry. The chief outburst •eruirs'e Peary since Moore was ttAt connected with 1848 km, " Nation " newspaper. However the feeling p."' deplored, it is evident that the most powerful tale.itati,i°o of Irish poetry has been hatred of English feel st• fit we are not to conclude from this that all who the `lti in spirit by the poems are really opposed to arti,lish connection. There is an tnipartialzte reader; ;e: as Madame de Steel terms it, which enlists the 411t1 tCYRIPathy in whatever contains true poetry; •Dart_ ere is a patriotic feeling quite independent of aPirit, or even of the calculations of common tot—e° An Irishman when most loyal to England may !oat ePAtild° in the exploits of the Irish Brigade at rateen.:Y. as a Scottaiman does in Killiecrankie, and the come when a truly United Kingdom will IshieciTing but admiration for the spirited lyric in 4 hish„,s'ararlee Mangan invoked " For Freedom's course the following stanza of which we tran- 1-.. Inti intersect wood, lea, and lawn With roads for monster wagons, Wherein you speed like lightning, drawn „„By dery iron dragons '"'° ^Ol Such work is good no doubt; But why not seek some highway Por mind as well y Path also out Pe* For Freedom's course a highway 1 :Di t4irri)glaorant of the fact that another warlike and ;tut so og song, "Who fears to speak of Ninety- Op ta.a the early production of a Fallow and Pro- f'l.. 'trinity Colterr.e, Dublin; and none who read it aer 8 Ito regret that the " Silent Sister" has since cast Pariedpe;ll over his genius. Another fine lyric of the same tthat beginning— 'cke work that should to-day be wrought, T4Defer not till to-morrow ; • .se help that should within be sought, nocorn from without to borrow. `'ld madams thee. vet stout and true, ToTheT spe 'lc in trumpet tone— d° at once what is to do, 11'u,rt 4. And trust ourselves alone. Irish 'Mtn its political feeliog, it reads a lesson that the often at" accused of wanting ; but circumstances are IL OAO strong for the strongest and most determined 4 b "lll°ogst the poems of this period we must notice seeautiful little song addressed to his wife and his „tetr by the exiled D'Arcy Magee, who met. with so 'tidy a punishment for his honest adhesion to the Parental rule of England in her colonies. I left two loves on a distant strand, Yount and fond, and fair and bland; wne fair and old, and sadly grand— Wedded wife and my native land. stetarrieth sad and seriously Beneath the roof that mine should be; One sitteth siby le-like by the sea, Chanting a grave song mourxfully. A. little life I have not seen 1.1" by the heart that mine hath been °YPress wreath darkles now. I ween, w Pon the brow of any love in green. The mother and wife shall pass away— War hands be dust her lips be clay ; But my other love on earth shall stay, .knd live in the life of a better day.

IFRANcis itorroN AND COMPANY, LIMITED, - HAMILTON IRON WORKS ' GARSTON, near Liverpool, hivite Inquiries and Refereqee to their NEW CATALOGUE. FEN( TNG AND GATE DEPARTMENT. & Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE ec IRON FENCES, now in use Over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad, is being continually Improved upon to meet extended requirements, and complete informa- tion is supplied on Application. RAILINGS For PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, h. ORNAMENTAL HIGH-CLASS GATES, TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, Mansions, Villas, &c. STRONG FIELD GATES, FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS, &e. HURDLES NETTING AND AND TREE GUARDS WIRE WORK. CONTINUOUS BAR IRON FENCING, Fitted with F.M. & Co.'s Self-Locking Joitit. LONDON OFFICE 17, VICTORIA ST., Westminster, S.W.

THE “EXAMINER" STEAM 'PRINTING WORKS

-- V, Al ' . TE t.,,,,,--,..,,,,„„ 4IQ 0 i 132 l in Quality, eseo..--Ita •., ... , U in Flavour. --_-_:-----,,,,0e5f-,-.4,.0. '-\ - ----,1:- ' ,F-47„,,17, A „..,--,l,•<\\‘‘,\\ ~,, \ /0#00.00000000001ssimiow" /\t• *.AF4. ' 0...`;;;e ' 'O, \ '..:' ' ‘ . ' ~...' : <V>-;',4%-----%--:,-;:. c \ \ :. cc W,' „,,,000` •,,A, ,o*. \'‘:;,* Aa''' ' ' ---%..*---V--..t? Tir. -' ' ' sssir':‘ \ , .--.../ickfl. .-%-1-, 41:.".,0,=- -. '..- • ;------------------,--- \, \ ',. \\\ , \ •.,;‘,7/// , '4,/,s. .-....-71- "ci i e::::..-A --' \ \ Sold the lead ng \/ / A1p.15.2..-• . , --„, 4,-,, 4 ,--- A Rest for the tired, GROCER \ ,41/•//... '--<fr' , -;,.1: ''''', -''''* in each .e/ ---- ~.,.> -.,-0.-- ~.---- , ' I ''''''''.o:4e- : '''''. a Joy for the Strong. -,==fr' district ..---'"-*-----,, ,- '."*---' -3›.4 Hi LAS 4 IN PACKET& -.., ----.0",,,, - , ENOYA TEA. EVERYBODY CAN GET IT FROM:— A. E. A. SMITH— BOWDON...HOUSEHOLD STORES SUTTON OAK BLAIR ant Co. Buttermarket-street (corner of CO., Oxford-Rd. ST. HELENS M. BOHAN. Academy-street) ; and -41, Win- CROFT ...JAMES lINSWORTH, JUN. VISION J. WILLETT. wick-street, WARRINGTON. EARLESTOLVN T. MOLYNEUX. TATTENHALL G MORGAN 31, Mersey-road, WIDNES ; AND MIDDLEWICH W. RIMSEY. TRANMERE...M. A. BURGESS St 36, Market-et., EA RLESTOWN. MARPLE 1 W. J3RADBURY. CO., 28, Church-Rd. ACTON BRIDGE ...A. C. MOULTON ROCK FERRY...W. FIOPNINSON, WIDNES . .R. WEBSTER BE FTESFIELD, Near Whitchurch 96, 98, Bei:Hold-Rd. WIGAN t H. LITHERIAND. J. L. HUXLEY. . LIVERPOOL ...• GENERAL SUPPLY ASSOCIATION, 17, COLQUITT-STREET. List of Local Agents now completing, and will be published here regularly. Applications for, the few remaining. vacancies to be addressed to the Proprietors of" VENOYA " TEA, 19 and 20, Camomile-street, London, E.C. Only one Agent, who must be a leading Grocer, will be appointed for each neighbourhood.

t 0, :111.41, 1? 4' t. i•.: 4), IV 41 '''lV.' 0 • SOOTHI,,,'G P•V DERS 1 FOR CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN JSE OVER FIFTY YEARS.

"JOHN STEEDMANy CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY." • is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

I CURE FITS. AND TO PROVE IT 6 r will GIVE A BOTTLE of my Remedy for Nothing, so that Sufferers may have an opportunity of testing the truth of what I fearlessly state." Because others have failed to cure you is no reason why you should continue to suffer. Send at once for my TREATISE and a FREE BOTTLE of medicine. It costs you nothing for a trial, and IT WILL CURE! Address: Mr. M. BOOT, 28, Endsleigh Gardens, Euston Road. LONDON, N.W

MANUFACTURERS OF DECORATIVE AND ART FURNITURE. • 1:1477;7---(AV-74:77:':',1-72,-;„ G S. R JCIIINSONq.'„ 'OO3*.ET .MAKtit.sooolVE,qtilS, l',111111111111°"17Nli.a, : • BY PATEN! -"TIT%

A BOON TO LADIES. TAtt. COLLINS'S MARVELLOUS FEMALE REMEDY. The Surgeon will forward Free of Charge, full PAR- TICULARS of a REMEDY. which, during an extensive practice in England and the Colonies, he has never known to fail in the most obstinate cases of OBSTRUCTION and IRREGULARITIES. Forward addressed envelope for full particulars, and waste no more time and money on useless Pills, and so-called Remedies, Ac.. which, in the majority of cases, are nothing but PURGATIVES, and cause SICKNESS. PROSTRATION, and PAIN, without having the desired effect. Letters to be addressed to F. McCONVILLE, THE SURGEON'S SECRETARY, GOTHIC HOUSE. ERSKINE-ST., LIVERPOOL.

N, CO •-• Cl,

, NEW PARRISON ti,,, SWIFT GOLD MEDAL KTT , E -,,-) KNITS Stockings, Clothing in ( ; Wool, Silk, or Cotton. t VA"lii2:c:: per Poet. ZAIINMEPRII: Itihre I'ITI '4/2 It. ID/Otf 5 Gold //winds. Alec, Makers of the SUN :, on tu Ines Steckinq It Ibber. Branch Office, 77, Oxman Br., Loanom.—rns HARRISON hrttrroto )14caturz Co. Work., 48, UkTILZ .EItOOK EL. .I,IANCILUBIZIL.

1-3 124 t. 4

A GOOD FAMILY MEDIG/IF NEST, 7,ITETH a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious com- partments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and fotnd to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Obset ver. trite '7 9 t s FREE FROM MERCUR y oro . 4 lars , #."/, • OP PURE VEGETABLE LVGREDIE.NTS. %v. FOR BILE. LIVER, ACIDITv, INDIGESTION &c.

}E RIiH Li;,:r47N iK Pe,„„..6 IRISH LINEN IRISH CAMBRIC LI n t: r„? POCKET . 11111-21,SALdIliAllia. a"' r.) Gents' size, pure flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitied, 2;11 doz n. IRISH LINEN 3/ Hemstitcheil,./11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchief!, .beaueti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars, 5/6 per dozen made special to pattern. 6/6 IRISIi LINEN per dozen. White SHIRT, tinen Fittings, ' 3/9, 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH • NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/8 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yards square, 241 each. MISERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 40. per yard. Beal Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yard SURPLICE RISH LINEN LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. I IRISH DRESS LINENS, FEOVRESNUI NMGM EWRE AA NR .D IRISH LINEN IRISH TINEF_D all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for strength, Durability, 7 and Style. Please say if for Ladies' or Gents' wear. IRISH LINEN l'atterns Free by Return of Post. • ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. (7. p„ HUTTON a CO., LARNE, BELFAST.

,? ~. lip A g WP , PILLS & OINTMENT Are acknowledged by all to be The Best Medicines for Family Use.

MANUFACTURED ONLY AT 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON. And Sold ay all Medicine Vendors throughout the World. Advice Gratis, at the above address, daily, between the hours of 11 and 4, or by letter.

TEETH. TEETH,. TBsTO --- TEH WI „Ace. . ET. PAREINsoNs's RTH th are, at el"' - 14 UNEXCELLED IN TILH WORLD, The Puote " rEETH. may rest assured that these statement° tbe I - based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, and perimPL is , TEETH. best guarantee of this to intending pliqen,st. that .1. FL. PARKINSON is one of the Mental Practices in England, the outcoinio rrEETii. employing the BEST LABOUR. using mil BEST MATERIALS obtainable, and chstli TEETH. the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. Any set made, or any work done by binh..giiiio TEETH. not giving ABSOLUTE SkTISFACTIO, a Every Detail will he immediately correctr:l'of an ENTHIH NEW SET made PRIP TEETH. CHARGE. AOC. These conditions insure the public's sit- 21 TEETH moo and recommendation, exemplified ia sets having been inserted for patients a`z Lies TEETH. one year only, directly and indirectly Ono the voluntary persuasion and recommenni et TEETH. of ONE SINGLE PATIENT, Any or sear these patients' names and addresses, for.ool TT.- EEH. ren,will be given to any would-ho P 01,4 personally applying for them. These. ell , ti, . , thousands in the past, each recommendlni, „ti 5 TEETH. friends, speak volumes for Mr. Farah,'" . success. TEETH. hniel:i His unusually, Large Dental Esta,blis g adapte.l for the COMPORT ot Patients. qg tf TEETH. NOT DETER ANY. ALL ore WRI/Clo' toil FREE CONSULTATIONS Day (roll' g' rl` EETH. and 26 ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS. EXTRACIOOI°;4I; aa hitherto, by the aid of his osill poi TEETH. LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which liquefies for sale to dentists nearly 10,L.c", OPP TEETH. lon.s weekly. Patients. !rive, therefore. speciality also the benefit of his eaperie!o' TEETH. CLOSED ALL DAY ON P1110,11'• J. H. PARKINSON, TEETH. Dentist by Ex, ra .lation. 96, MOSLEY-STREET„dANCtiNi. WARRINGTON ON WEDNESDAYS, at Miss 0100`e- Ladles Outfitter, Sankey-at., from 2to 5 On" O. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes, (I°4 Parson's), Courectioner, Brirtge-st., from 2 to 5' . NOETHWICH. on FRIDAYS, at Miss Gibson' ri s, 2. u'astlee - 'rum elf' 11 to 5. ,„,,-E1 ......i......."--.. ----- 010 ~"„Ordinary notices of Births, Marriages, and Deoth, 1,004. sorted free of charge. Marriages or Deaths with thediostft "No Cards," or any addition to the Registrax'sjd, h notice, are charged One Mining and Sixpence. if Prev-cs. ''iti.., announcements on credit, Two Shillings and Sixpeo we. such Announcements must be authenticated by t'be sad address of sender. BIRTII. th° , , leckFsEy.—Sept.mber 15th, at Dixon-st., Warringto- „ wife of Mr. Herbert Massey, of a daughter. 1 • MARRIAGES: yell /CArl. OLlFFE—HlLL.—September 9th, at the Parish Ch"' jee, 0 rington, by the Rev. A. A. Markham, Jaines CI reP. Lilian Hill. . 41111 , MRACHlN—DemEta.—September 9th, at the Paris', tt' orl ly Warrington, by the Rev. A. A. Markham, J°ll .gli Meachin, to Mit,tha Alice Daniels. rol, BROUGHTON—TEORNTON.-3eptember 9th, at the aeore Church, Warrington, by the Rev. A. A. Markhdln. b, Broughton to Elizabeth Thornton. Cl,un'i 1 DEELEY—WYCII.—September 15th, at the Parish Warrington, by the Rey. F. W. Willis, ..lea.l.onin to Hannah Wych DEATHS. . 65 • l Glnnosts.—Sep. 12th at 49, Watkin-st., William ao"6- years. ter rerV.' PENDEROAST.—Sep.I2th at 22, Battersby-larte, Will 10- gost, 19 years. 1 eePl3 IC PRITC LIAR D.--Sep. 13th at Hersemarket-sto ..° oft- wright Pritchard, 61 years. li Abe° Girrixs.—Sep. 13th at 184 Manchester-road. tins, 57 years. IlardiaP HARDING.—Sep. 17th at the Hospital, Harry years.

MEMORIAL CARDS, r,gOTO CIRCULARS, BILLHBADS. MEMORANDUMS. Tin,, led! Handbills, Window Bills, Posters, and printing of folosiags executed with neatness and despatch by Jo_ _.ar". the Borough Press 34, Bridge-street. Warring!'"--- ru-f, ~.....••••••" , 111 E MANCHESTER , TAILORING & CLOTHING 8. & 10, HORSIMARKET-ST., WARRINGTONL.g .__Dgrot AR Bff OWING the LARGEST RANGES of all Nwi'; MAKE 4 uf CLOTHS for MOURNING WHAHQ LC. WO fi ST HMS, 811:1tGE,VIENNAS,LLAPIA Jt HCO,, ..---- for MEN _22: abort =, ........._.....1:i7y ar rior s ,SUITS READY MADE OR TO MEAStill,og. I ---•••••-•••'_—!---"........":57.
