===== 0002601_18930603_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
lIMI

No, 738.

\ATEM)ING RINGS.—PU'RE GUINE ti.ILD WEDDING RINGS. tamest Stock and Irmit value bilLthea district. Sold by weight trota 78. 6d. to gm. All _rms nd shapes. ine.u(Ung the Round and HIV-Round aufqs in stock. Finger size card pe)st free. n• AND, A. EIT ';TA.NCF, ra ILLUMINATrII CLOCK. 43. SANKEY Sti:ERT. WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED, 1,64.

OMAS T1-F----_____________ 'CLAIIKE, EXAMINER ,61:2FICE, 33, .41 ittAcKt.T-ST., EARLESTOW N. r ~,,....,e,ction of PLAIN and FANCY STATIONERY "".°9ll in stock, q.cndon and Provineal Nesvaps7ers, Weekly , Perlodh.o. ..„ .-.' mak and Weekly Papery delketred in the . 11—K"uollrfloci cf,Rariestown Wargrave. and the Vulcan. 4 Agent for the-Vid Established "Dyers, Davies and Son, e. 14"rPool. .

DEB'S DA•NDELION C OFF BE

..'47he best and ehespest aver offered t the Public. ec,;a by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 10d-. maid ls. 8d each. Wholes Ale bv J GESIDAS & Bog. Warrington. •

S. & SON'S •61ILD AND BITTEN ALIA

AtAXAC ROY & SON'S CELN,BRATBD DUBLIN STOUT

ha 9, 18, and 36 ilak:cri Casks, or Batlea.

AGzsis, PETER LEIGH, 4ORSRMARRET STRKRT. WARRINGTON.

/6,IOENSIID FOR THE SALE OP METHYLATED SPRITS 'SD BEEZOLINE. &CURET for SEQUAH'S ?MIDDLES. THE EXORS. OF THE LATE SAACC SP EAKMAIN s'IMLIIST BY HXAMINATION, BRIOGE-ST.. PIIAEXIACY

27. BIUDGE-BT., RUNCORN. MEDICINES (with a few exceptions) AT MI- IMPRIMIS, Viz. 2s 94 for2s 34, Li 6d for 2s 14, Is lid forld. 84. Nelson's Gelatine 3 for 11d, Is. Neaye's food ed per tin, &0., Stc. BPRA, 2, rTS DOG BISCUITS 18s 6d per 11215 s or I2lbs fort li,-;"`A! Calabar Dog Biscuit. I2s 64 per cwt. CHEAPESI POt( HOUSEHOLD SOAPS. Pears' soap 3 for 104; zleburst's 3 tablets for sd; Sunlight, 3in box 11 , B i.es Monkey Soap, aid per lb. °racePatbleitudicines 6d bottle, 54; Vichy Waters, 13 Per 0,, " petal, and Cheapest House for White Les.d. Tut tale varnish. Oil. Brushes, to. Send for prices. Whole in Petroleum Oil. Hudson's Dry Soap, &e. v'malrs Bnuitel Paint. GOOPee. EibeeP Dip' 1s Pe 4"

RBOISTERBB 808 TRkNSBOBBION ABROAD

8d perowt.

CHEAP COAL. BANK QUAY COAL DlOOl

T. HALTON & CO..

COAL MERCHANTS, FACTORY LANE COAL YARD, WARRINGTON.

10d pr °wt.

edperewt.

10,1prawt.

NOTE.-WINTER PRICES. IMMEDIATE DiLIVERY.

.BitAND & CO.'S

BEEF

I.3OIIILLOIs. A MOST NUTRITIOUS AND INVIOODATING

BEVERAGE. Matta by the Simple Addition of Boil:ng Wat At a Cost within the reach of all. 11. urnai BTANI3OPE-ST.,MATFAIR. W.

4;

===== 0002601_18930603_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
.4-

/RAN / AL SAIRT 69, BRIDG'R STREET, WARRINGTON.

SPRING AND SUMMER SHOW AT TIIE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT IS ONE OF THE LARGEST IN VARIETIES EVER MADE IN WARRINGTON, FOR • SPRING AND SUMMER WEAR. Wonderful ranges of new Colours in real all Wool Scotch aud Cheviot Tweed Made to Measure. SUIT 1/6,37/6 47/69 55/-. qi.n its 9 , lousE 10/ 12/- 13/6 16/6. kilned) BLACK WORSTED COAT AND VEST, • BLACK VICUNA COAT AND VEST. BLACK LLAMAS COAT AND VhST, BLACK 110PSAll COAT AND VEST, 24/-, 31/-, 36/-, 42/ WELL MADE AND TniqmßD. FIT GUARANTEED. g *NI) 10, IIoRsEMARKIIT-STREET WARRINGTOx.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
hrlaidittrm xai intit,

SATURDAY, JUNE 3. 1893.

RAipping gating.

_ . . • F IGRATIO;S. • TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD. Intending emigrants to New York, Easton, Phliadelohls, Sala Fransisco, Canada, China, Ja;.i.,) Avetralia, or NCIV Zealand, should take tickets (lowest ri lathe " Examiner " Office, Warrington, by OUION.A AII'RICA.N, AUSTRA- LIAY, ORIENTAL, and other lines. JOHN WALFER. A ti.ENT. "EXAMINER'. OFFICE Inewszy-sr.. WARRINOTON.

"

PRICE ONB PENNY. BY POST i ll* Md. per Quarter. 66. 6d. per Annum, in anyone*. Is. 9d. per Quarter, credit.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
' "

,

TEETII.

E E T II .

TEETH

TEETH. PARKINSON'S TEETH, are. at the priee, UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The pallet TEETH. itshettabestt may rest assured that these statements are 1)48(4 on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, and Pert*P4 gl.aralin.te;AMßKtbliNs t°Bol TEETII. Nntehladinongepaotifeatht: Largeet Dental Practices in England, the out- !rp sni. come of employing the BEST LAsoun, using ir the BEST MATERIALS obtainable, and olia g'- EETI-r.. tag the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. Any set made, or work done by him, and TEETH. not giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION in Every Detail will be immediately corrected. or TEETri. an ENTIRE NEW SET made FREE OF CHARGE. These conditions insure the public's satisfac- tion and reoommendation, exemplified by 21 sets having been inserted for patients durkag TEETH. one year only, directly and indirectly the:nigh the voluntary persuasion and recommendatim TEETH. of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any or all of these patients' names and addressee. tor nut- TEETH. rence, will be given to any would-be patient personally applying for them. These, with thousands in the past, each recommending TEETH. their friends, speak volumes for Mr. Femme- son's success. TEETH. His unusually Large Dental Establishment, adapted for the COMFORT of Patients. MUST T EETH. NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCOME FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily from 9 to 12 , 1. and 2 to 3. 1 'TEETH. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 1 i 1 1 TEETH. &a., as hitherto, by the aid of his own made LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which he now -A- liquefies for sale to dentiets rwiely 10,000 gal- TEETH.. lons weekly. Patients, here, tnerefore, in this speciality also the benefit of his experiemee. TEETII. CLOSED ALL DAY ON FRIDAYS. TEETH. J. H. PARKINSON, Dentist by Examination, 48, MOSLEY-STREET. MANCHESTER, WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, at Miss Charles's. Ladles' Outfitter. Sankey-street, trom 2 to 5 p.m.

RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mra. Haghea. (Late Mtaa Parson's), Confectioner. Bridge-street, from 2 to 5. NORTHWICH. on FRIDAYS. at Miss Gibson's, 2. Castle- Street. from kr 11 to b. Ai

TRADE MARK. "TE W-ITT" ALES

4c 1 ETV-ITT" ALES

AT _X.X. AND STOUT

SPECIAL BITTER

SPECIAL STOUT

MILD ALE l2s. GD. PER 9 GAIS.S.

XX. ALE .......... 12s. OD, PER 18 GALLS. These Beers ean be had In 4L 9, 18, and 36 Gallon Casks, at the above rates.

RICHARD F ORSHAW COLLINS GREEN BREWERY. NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS.

R. CLAMP AND SON,

===== 0002601_18930603_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
Id AN U F ACTL`R ERS OF

TRAVELLING REQUISITES.

GLADSTOIE BIG (Cow HIDE) from 16s. Od. LADIES' DRESS FAUCETS from 24p. Od. 39. DALE-ST., AND S. PAIIKBE-ST LIVERPOOL.

UNSWORTLI'S SPRING

AILORIN 0. IMMENSE DISPLAY OP GROWN SUITINGS, TROUSNRINQS, AND COVNRY COATING& UST GOODS, LOWNST PRIORS.

HATS AND CAPS. TWINE, CAPS. CURISTriI AND BEST MANN,. BOYS AND DIRLS' CAPS.

. .

,

===== 0002601_18930603_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL NBW QOODS AT LOWBST PRIORS.

OUTFITTING.

PRINT SHIRTS, WHITS! SHIRTS, XOIIIIIY, UAXIIKA.III AND BEST HAsss). TINS. GLOTIIS,

WIWNST GOODS. LOWEST PRICES.

UNSWORTII 8110 S. VOX TWENTY TEAL HAVE DEMI KNOWN Al TILN LELDINGi MOUSE FOR BEST GOODE AT LO V 4 IST /4, 14, 47, a 1. 1110)1•1T1lET. X LTECOX X.

T H E IP YOIUIR lITIArIi IS HAZEIfiILIN(IOIF. --:

Consult 9:;.::A.Y7.-O—R.;; Use His Renowned Prenaratiaaa, CANTIIARIMIS BXTRACT mut POMADII. which are CERTAIN 11ESTORE/LB(4 the HAIR.

TAYLOR'S fiIiDATIVII AND NIITItITIVRI CREAIf is infallible or perfectly Relieving the Skin from Irritation al* Freeing the Nair from Scurf Prepnred only by S. TAYLOR._ HAIR!'MUSSER AND

. - ..'. -----hiiiFUMETZ, 26 AND 22. KING-STRRAT. MANCH/162RX.

nuration.

LAW ES' ScitooL,M ELuit ET LOUSE, LYTHAM. —lnclusive terms, special for cl:rgor references to rarents. vacancy for erticie4 upll.—Princlpals, the Misses lIALKET (Wei.

lALADY requires two little boys of good family,. to prepare for College; sound eduCation ; languages.. mato, drawing ; happy country hon.; 25 guineas sdut MAC' himum ; no extras. highest r.frr,,noea exchanged,- MATRA: The Dutra/gm Husbands Bosworth, Rugby.

1 riLARENIONT, MOUNT RPIIRAIM - ROAD, STREATHAM', LONDON, PREPARATORY SCHOOL for the SODS of Gent'emen. (Betabfished 1881.) Tutor a.B.A. London. principal—Miss JULIA GRIFFITHS. Protpectue on Application.

CT. GEORGE'S SCHOOL, (Catholte), Brampton, 0 Huntingdon. (it hour, from Ring's Cross). A thoroughly Prufeasit,nal or Commercial Education provided at a moderate pension.—Addrese The PalycipAL.

SEFTON HOUSE, WEST DERBY, NEAR LIVIMPOOL. Conducted by the Misses ACK [MILLI% Good ecuoational advantages. The house. a large and com- modious one. is most conveniently situated for /mess !torn Manchester and Soot h i.ort ing withili five minutes' walk from the Wes iDerby bt tion, on the heddre Lines Railway NRXT TERNS will CONMENCII Wednesday, May 3rd. Charges mcderate.

HE MARLIN O ENDOWF:D SCHOOL, STROUD .. Chairman of Gover. ors : Sir W. H. !darling, Bart. Schoel Fees, —£3 a Term ; Boarding Fees, onl3 £.30 per Annum. Noye admitted at any period at Fro ortionato Pees. For particulars apply J. IEENSTREET, M.A.. Head- master.

WIDNES • ACADEMY OF MUSIC. PRIVATE LESSONS. SELECT DAY AND I:VP7,INO CLASSES. PIANO, GAN, HARMONIUM, VIoLIN, VOICE PRODUCTION, HARMONY. COUNIERPOINT, COMPOSITION. THREE PRES SCHOLARSHIPS Temtble one year. Thirty three certificates and prizes galne,l by 8 tudente during the year IE9I. PruTeetus on ADO atlon to THR PRINCIPAL.

MANDOLIN, GUITAR, ZITHER, and BANJO, bitight PROFFISSOR 11;NNIS and SENORA PANDA.—Address Victoria Chambers. Widnes.

HOME MADE MARMALADE.

A DELICACY IN EVERY HOUSEHOLD.

COLLINGE-S SEVILLE ORANGE AIARAIALADE,

SOLD BY ALL OROCBES.-WORKS : BABLBSTOWN.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• •

w

===== 0002601_18930603_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
"CAPITAL" CELAT.

"Professors," said Lord Randolph Churchill at Bradford, only talk nonsense when they talk in politics. This is bard on those henchmen of the Unionist cause in England, Professor Fronde. Pro- fessor Tyndall, and Professor Dicey, and those pro- minent Irish Unionist -orators, Professor Mahaffy, Professor Dowden, and Professor Traill, to say nothing of the eminent Unionist leader, the Right Hon. ex-Professor Leonard Courtney, M.P., and the Tory member for Cambridge, Professor Jebb.

Serious apprehension is felt at the state of health of the little Queen Wilhelmina of the Netherlands. She is only thirteen years old, but she is consump- tive, and has undergone a change for the worse. Several prominent physicions have, writes a corres- pondent, been called in, and the result of their deliberations, which are kept as secret as possible, is said to be a grave opinion as to her recovery. The young Queen is rather pretty, with a somewhat more thoughtful face than girls of her age gener- ally possess. -- The Rev. Charles Pritchard, D.D., Savilian Pro- fessor of Astronomy at Oxford, who died on Sunday was one of the most distinguished scientists of the day. lie was educated at St. John's College, Cain- bridge, of which college he was until his death an honorary fellow. Mr. Pritchard was also a fellow of New College, Oxford, and a Fellow of the, Royal Society. He was Hilleeftll Lecturer at Cambridge in 1867, and had filled the post of President of the Royal Astronomical Society. The late professor was very popular among all his pupils at Oxford, and his death will create a void which will be very hard to fill. Mark Twain has just left America, where he has been for the past month,for Genoa,perhaps to make some further inquiries respecting the bust and handwriting of Columbus, concerning which it will be remembered there was some excellent fooling in **The Innocents Abroad." Mr. Clemens has been unlucky of late. He was seized by "la grippe" in Germany and has been suffering from it during the whole time of his stay in America. It is no secret that the famous humorist's eatly experiences as a compositor have aiways led him to pay a great deal of attention to matters typograpical, and that at present he is greatly interested in more senses than one in a new type-setting machine Which like all the others "threatens to revolutionise the whole art of printing." Mr. Lithouchere is not the first member of the Liberal party who has been caused annoyance by feeble attempts to imitate Theodore hook's colossal Berners-et., hoax. Precisely the same trick was played off upon Mr. Caine some three years ago; and in this case also the cloven hoof was clearly re- vealed ()Wing to the simultaneous arrival by post of filthy anuonymous letters. Sir Wilfred Lawson has also been under the necessity of refusing to ac- cept goods on the ground that they were not ordered. As the goods ordered in the name of Mr. Caine and Sir Wilfred Lawson usually took the shape of barrels of beer and cases of wine, the sup- position was that the forger of their names was one and the same person; probably the culprit thinks by this time his former exploits have been forgotten.

"What do you come here for ? " said the knight of the hammer in despair to his dumb audience at • Tokenhouse-yard on Monday, when he offered for sale a landed estate in the country, at the "low upset price of £3,800." Nor for the first time, or the twenty-first time, since the commencement of the season in the big city premises, was no bid forthcoming. The fact is these " low upset prices" are a farce; they are just as high as they were when there was a" boom in agricultural land. Nothing apparently, will bring the landowners to take a sensible view of the situation. The public can afford te watch and wait. What they are refused at auction to-day they know they will get by pri- _ vats contract in a week or two at a considerable reduction. Members of the Tory party who have been lax in their attendance at st. Stephen's since the com- mencement of the committee sage of the Home Rale Bill were in evidence on Monday night, and the lobby representative of the " Times," who is genar.illy understood to be responsible for the gib- ing idea, had a bad time. Admiral Field was especially anxious to vent his spleen, and not with- out-reason ;-for he is one of the few absentees who have reasonable excuses to offer for their apparent neglect." I must have somebody's blood,"said the old pea-dog; and just at that moment he ran up against the "Times" man. But it turned out that, after all, his,chief grievance was against the division clerks who had credited him with one vote less than he tad actually recorded.

Baron Sehroeder who is one of the chief exhibi-

tors at the Royal HorticulAiral Bociety's show in • the Temple Gardens, is one of the foremost orchid lovers in the country. At his charming place called The Dell, which is on the outskirts of Windsor Forest, and not very far from Holloway College, be has some generous conservatories, upon whose orchidaceous contents he must have spent .£40,000 at least. Not long ago he parted with a unique variety ot cypripedium for .£36s,and is never afraid of paying high prices for the particular species which he fancies most. His grounds are enclosed by a green hedge so perfectly cut that in the dis- tance it presents the appearance of a stone wall painted green. The orchid-houses are, of course, not open to the inspection of the general public.

CoMilani 'Hall; Bury St. Edmunds, which Was withdrawn at auttion on Tuesday at Tokenhouse- yark iS a perfect .fpecimen of a ooanty house on a" ansall twale of tint pl-riod of Queen Elizabeth, with • historical associations of a marked and interesting character. It was in the sixteenth century the pro- perty of the Rookwood family, a member of which belonged to the Guy Fawkes conspiracy. It contains a pretty chapel, with priests' hiding places. There has been no intermediate owner since the Rook- woods, whose heiress married a Gage, who, except the present owner,was the last occupier. The man- sion has the usual flrm and elevation of true

Elizabethan houses. The park of about one hundred acres iN wtll adorned with lofty elms and oaks, and the partridge shooting is excellent.

The other day the Queen of Belgians, under cir- cumstances of great interest, gave a fresh proof of her brilliant capacity iv+ a harpist. Queen :Marie Henrietta is passionately fond of music, and is a fine pianist, as well as a finished executant on the harp. She has composed an opera" Wanda," which deals with the potency of love, and of which a court performance has been given. It is on these grounds a pity that the king himself should abom- inate music in every form, and whenever the piano Is opened, after dinner, he Incontinently vanishes out of hearing. There is an excellent collection of M.S. music at the palace, but it is stowed away in an upper chamber, and much of it has never been played at all. Some of this is in the loveliest call- graphy imaginable, and the mere copying of it occupied the music-writer many months.

Mr. Henry M'Caltnont, the owner of Isinglass was not only the winner of the Derby, on Wednes- day, but bas come into four millions of money. He succeeded to his uncle's fortune, which was not to

come into his possession until he had attained the age of 32. an event which happened on Wednesday. The" World " tells the story how the fortune was made. The M'Calmonts had been drivenfrom Scot- land as Covenanters, and had settled in Belfast. Mr. M'Calmont's father had two uncles, who were partners in a stockbroking business for .53 years, when the elder, who had married a sister of rue first Lord Cairns, died, leaving his share to his survit,ing brother. This brother never married, and bequeathed the whole of his fortune in trust for his great nephew, now owner of Isinglass, into 'whose Lands it was to pass on his reaching3the age of two and thirty. --- Miss Olive Schreiner, who arrived a few days ago from South Africa, has begun her visit to England by a short residence at Brighton. She will by and by return to London, where society will do its work in lionising her, especially since she has taken to writing on a rather absurd form of mystical religion. .1 remember vending an evening in her company some years ago, on the occasion of herfirst visit to England mborily after the publication of that most charming book a hers, "My African Farm." I was then much impressed with the marvellous]

retiringne,s and seif-a-ffacement of her demeanour. noticed that if it was possible for her to get a back seat during the evening she was to be found there or in some quiet corner, where, surrounded by friends or admirers, she talked with great modesty and agreeableness. and listened more readily than she tilted. There was no trace of consciousness that she had written a book which

had been widely terbiwed and read, and which charmed every one who looked into it. I could at that time, detect no trace of that unwholesome ten.lency to think Or tdik about sacred things which has lutely manifp,ted. Surely it cannot be the lonely life of :he vel,!l, ,No productive of introspec- tion and reverent :q.if-communing, that has led to such opposite reult iu her cabs.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0009.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, -

===== 0002601_18930603_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
_

LADIES' LETTE

MY DEAREST NELLIE, You will have seen that blouses ccmtkua to be much worn, and the new models are Weedingly pretty.. Many of these have gracefully-araped shoulder-frills or small capes, but the veryl latest kind is the so-called " handkercnief," or " cross- over," blouse, the fronts of which are cut long enough to cross in front, pass beneath the arms, and tic at the back of the waist in a large flat bow. This blouse can be made of any thin fabric, and takes about 5i yards of single-width material, but it is not easy to make one successfully without a thoroughly good pattern. Plaid silk blouses made on close-fitting linings are worn with black or dark. coloured skirts, and for ultra-smart occasions accordion-pleated chiffon blouses, with silk sleeves, have been brought out. The latest fancy in blouses I have seen is a shaded kind, made of accordion-pleated silk, and ranging in tint from green through white to a! bright rose-pink—a new colour, already known as " 31ey," in compliment to the Royal bride-elect. They are unlined and delightfully cool, if a little showy ir appearance.

The seaside season will aeon be with us, and doubtless you are beginning to agitate your mind as to the most suitable dress for holiday wear. A most serviceable dress can be made in a material of fast-dyed indigo blue sail cloth with vest under- sleeves of white "Irish flax," smocked in indigo blue washing silk. This will look very pretty with a sailor's hat, and will be equally serviceable for yachting. There are at present so many shapes in hats and bonnets that it will ba hard if you cannot find something to please your taste. Very coarse straws appear to be decidedly more popular this season than finer kinds, and the most favoured colour is undoubtedly the golden tan, known as "sunburnt," especially in combination with black lace and pink roses. A pretty example, for instance, has a wide brim drooping slightly over the fore- head, and a low crown encircled by a wreath of close-set damask roses without foliage; a small cluster of the flowers is arranged beneath the brim at the back, where it is just bent up a trifle, and in front there is a large butterfly bow of accordion- pleated black lace and a couple of tall and slender jet ornaments. Another fashionable style of hat is of the same straw, but the brim is divided down the centre of the front, and-the corners thus formed turned sharply back, the gap being filled by loops of black satin ribbon And lace, from which rise two roses (one pale salmon and the other" deep crimson), with very long stalks and plenty of their own leaves. This cleft brim has an exceediuzly stylish etreat and suits most faces.

A fashionable shaped bonnet is covered with heliotrope and gold brocade, and edged with tiny purple cord. The velvet strings and bow are also in a rich shade of purple, with a buckle in paste and jet, and an ostrich tip, shaded from purple to heliotrope. Such a bonnet is charming with a black gown, or the same model may be copied in vieux-rose and olive velvet, or in blotting-paper pink and madderbrown. Simplicity in dresses seems out of date. Every- thing is overloaded with trimming, especially the bodices. The waists are left round and small, but the shoulders and bust are hidden with lace collets, berthes, &c. Even yokes are embroidered or fulled; and guipure both Alto and, cream coloured, heavy make and light make, all are used, but the effect M often good, with the—quaint shades now in favour, such as willow-green,"Delft blue, lavender green, and pale violet. All skirts are made round, just clearing the ground, a stiff' hem lining causing them to fall into the round pleats. Amongst the toilettes that have attracted me most was one of porcelain or Delft blue crepon with a wide flounce of Loie Fuller silk gauze, the bodice ornamented with ficelle guipure embroidered

_ with a little gold ; large gauze sleeves to match the flounce, puffed from the top to the wrist, and confined with blue ribbon bands. A foulard costume, with blue and white pattern, had a white satin sash; a Leghorn straw hat was worn with this dress, the brim fluted and ornamented with large cornflowers and black feathers. A pretty dress was made of ribbed Phebus silk shaded with all the colours of the rain- bow; the large sleeves were in plain silk, pink and blue predominating in the shades, and these seemed gradually to deepen in tone on the bodice. As to the collets, there were not two alike—some long, others short, and a great variety of materials used.

A very pretty evening gown for a youthful matron is in a Louis XIII. style of apricot satin, brocaded with a design of honeysuckle*. The bodice is tabbed, and the skirt opens over a front of white satin, embroidered in harmonising shades. The sash, vest, and trimmings of the puffed sleeves are in cream Liberty satin. The muslin fichu is edged with French tinselled lace, and the cuffs are trimmed to correspond. Yours sincerely, Jaxivut.

Ness.: Put a plate of conlmon salt beneath the bed, and the fleas will soon disappear.

Butter Scotch.

One cup of treacle, two cupfuls of sugar, 1.4 teaspoon- fuls ot soda, one teaspoonsful vanilla, and a piece of butter the size of an egg. Boil without stirring, until it hardens on a spoon. Pour out on buttered plates to cool. Always add the flavouring last.

How to Make Ink.

The following is -43-I;Old—re-i-Pe for inaking red ink : F 4 ur ounces of best Brazil wood, one pint of diluted acetic acid, and half an ounce of alum. Boil slowly in

t'l ', itirra _ e .1. . , I i .1,,.,.. i ! w A; f ( ;111k 04, 1 4 ' 113 k „ '

0105,.40 Or 117' \4 ki: k , .... ,

e.,.../ P c 0111\ak . / I 11111 ' , ,II i 1 I . t.* ,* , I i. • I o r i,, 5,,11 . i i 1 1 I ,g,z- 4 - -4-- - _ ; , -

===== 0002601_18930603_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
, , ;

an enamelled vessel for one hour, strain, and add oi ounce of gum (ground). A very good looking blue (;), red ink can be made by buying a penny packet of aniline dye at a chemist's, and adding hat water until the proper strength of colour is obtained. Any colour except black may be made this way,„,

me I or I

I

Paste for Papering. Take a quantity of flour (according to amount. of paste required), mix with a little cold water, and pour over boiling water, stirring all the time. Alum may be added in proportion of lb. to a quartern of , flour. A permanent paste can be made by adding to ' each half- pint of flour paste, without alum, fifteen grains of corrosive sublimate, previously rubbed to powder in a mortar, the whole to be well mixed ; this, it being pre- vented from drying by keeping in a covered pot, re- mains good any length of time ; unfortunately, it is poisonous, but its nauseous taste would no doubt pre- vent it being swallowed accidentally.

The Homely Girl. 'There are a great Many people in this world, more indeed than many of us even ever imagine, who are extremely fond of homely girls. And there is a nios excellent reason for this. Those of us-who go about the world with our eyes open have found it an easy matte to discover that pretty girls depend a great deal o their looks for the esteem in which they are held, indeed many of them presume a great Aeal on this very feet, and with good reason. Somebody has some time ot other said in their hearing that May or 4ennie hadn't the most agreeable manners in the world, latitreally was; so pretty that he couldn't very well fled fault with her; And this had been quite enough. It isn't easy for even: good-dispositioned people always to restrain impatience and ill-temper, even when they knew that the opinions: of those about them demand it, but once they get the; impression that all sorts of things will be forgiven them' becauss they are pretty, the causes are at work which almost inevitably make a pretty girl well-night intoler- able. "The homeliest woman I ever saw said an elderly lady not long since, "was the most Charming in manner, and in time I found her the Mot lovable. When shP was a child she was for many yeara made very unhappy by her personal appearance, as her schoolmates were never weary of telling her of her unprepossessing looks; but she became highly educated and accomplished and mad, herself so amiabl.• and obliging, useful, bright, and every way agreeable, that she was .by all odds the favourite in circles where she is known. If there as anything of interest going on, she was sure to be in the front rank, and if any pleasure was in store she never failed to get her share of it. It became a sort of saying ia her neighbourhood that she was worth a dozen pretty girls any day.' Children should early be taught i that while beauty s always desirable, it is aa unfortun- ate possession when it is allowed to take the place of amiability and sweetness of disposition.

.

I'HE EXAMINER. SATURDAY, JU DARKWOOD:t, A TALE OF LONEMOOR . ;4 0; *ErrEa x-xxv ....Georgina gave a gasp of utter terror, and grew suddenly white, as the terrible sound fell on her ear. Even Gwen, fearless Gwen, grew pale and frightened. "-I shall die !" whispered Georgina, shrilly. "I shall knpsy I, shall I Oh, why did we come here?. Qat me-awity away, Marian—quick r Gwen raised her finger, enjoining ellen& Then she called in a clear voice that trembled in spite of herself— „ A strange,, moaning, bloodpmaling cry, low and muffled though it was, came in answer. It was strangely prolonged, rising and falling, and having in it the inflection of Mortal agony. Georgina nearly fainted away at once. Gwen came near dropping her lantern. She leaned against the damp wall, half stupefied and bewildered. ' "Perhaps you believe in ghosts now," whispered Georgina, half spitefully. "It must be an owl," suggested Gwen, who knew nothing whatever about owls, save that they frequent dark places and emit a mounful cry. "I am sure it was an owl 1" She called again more clearly than before. And back came that strange muffled cry, that aight•bave come from the depths of a grave.— "Is that an owl?" asked Georgina. "Help me upstairs. If I see the 'ghost I shallclie 1 Help me 1" "It is an emir said Gwen, pale, her eyes glowing. "It must be an owl. I don't believe in ghosts, Georgina r she approached her charge, and put one tremb- ling arm around her, and the two set out to retrace their steps. They had gone but a little distance when the sepulchral cry was repeated, far more faintly than heretofore. Georgina replied to it by a shriek, and, dropping Gwen's arm, fled like a deer into the black- ness aeead. And Gwen bearing the lantern, ran after her lest she should lose herself emotg the passages. Their good fortune led them, back, after one or two deviations, to the great stone staircase, and they flew up stairs in a very panic. They did not pause in their flight until they reached the kitchen, where Georgina dropped upon a settle, gasping for breath. Gwen set down her lantern and sank upon a chair, lauehing yet trembling. "It was an owl, Georgina," she exclaimed. "We are foolish children!" "We are not foolish!" cried Georgina, resentfully. "You call a ghost an owl, and stick to your belief In face of facts, It Was a ghost—oh, great Heaven, what's that? It's the ghost again 1" A heavy tread was heard in an adjoining room, and the next moment a stout figure appeared in the door- way—the figure of Lord Darkwood. His fat, oily face was aflame with anger. His small, sinister eyes. gleamed like those of a serpent. He was the incarnation of rage, and Gwen shrank away from him in a sudden aversion. His mask had slipped aside, revealing something in that unguarded moment of his real character. "What does this mean 7" he ejaculated, looking from one to the other of the two girls. "Who took the keys of the rains from my cabinet? What are you two doing here?" "Oh 1" cried Georgina, in relief. "It's not a ghost 1" "I desire an explanation I" exclaimed the marquis, angrily. "We came, my lord," said Gwen, with that haughty sweetness of manner that compelled res- pect and deference, "to look through the ruins, as strangers until lately have been allowed to do. Georgina obtained the keys." "Yes, I did," declared Lord Darkwood's daughter. "I found them in your cabinet, father. I should have asked for them only you weren't there, and the thing was of no importance. Only think! we have never been in the ruins until to-day, and we have heard the ghost!" "The ghost!" echoed Lord Darkwood, leaning against the wall.• "Yes," cried Georgina, eagerly. "We- were in the vaults below." Lord Dark wood uttered an exclamation that sounded like a malediction. "Yes," assented Georgina, "and we heard a groan, or scream, or something. I say it was a ghost, but Marian says it was an owl. The idea of it being an owl 1" Lord Darkwood sfas in the shadow, so neither of the girls marked this .sickly yellow pallor of his vis- age. "Miss Myner has more sense than you, Georgina," he said, presently. "It was an owl. The ruins are infested with them, owing to the dense growth of trees close to the walls. And so you were frightened by an owl? What a brave young woman." His sneer irritated his daughter, who declared vehemently that she could distinguish between a ghost and an owl, and that she knew that she had heard a ghost. • " Hush 1 Geogina," said her father. "I won't bear another word of such nonsense. There is no such thing as a ghost. You have heard an owl— nothing more. If you persist in your childish folly, I'll send you to a convent." Georgina saw that her father was in earnest, and she knew that when he was in earnest he was a she very unpleasant person to deal with. Therefore sullenly relinquished her own private opinion and acquiesced in his. • "And now," said Lord Darkwood, "go back to your own quarters. Georgina, I positively for- bid you to enter these ruins again unless I accom- pany you. Miss Myner, I hall depend upon you to keep yourcharie within pro Per bounds." He ,addressed no reproof especially to Gwen— possibly that haughty little head was held too high for his reproofs—but she understood that she was prohibited equally with her charge from again visiting the castle ruins. The marquis arose, and took up the keys, which lay on the floor at Gwen's feet. He extinguished the light of the lantern; and said politely— " Young ladies, permit me to show you the way out." He led the way, the girls following, to a rusty, creaking little door that led from a passage off the servant's hall to a ruined little walled-in garden beyond, and let them out., He secured the door behind them, crossed the garden, and opened a door in the wall. They all passed out, and he locked this door also. "Now," he,said, "you can find your way through the park homeward. I trust this will be the last of this ghost-seeing folly. We will leave the old ruin to the owls." The girls hurried away together, and Lord Dark- wood halted iii the shadow on the wall, and looked after them with a strange and ugly smile.

CHAPTER XXXVL NEWS OF SQUIRE MARKHAM,

It was a day or two alter the events described in the pfeceding chapter. The hour was eleven in the evening. Dunhohn Castle lay wrapped for the most part in darkness and silence. A light still gleamed in the library, where Lord Darkwood sat alone at his musings. Throughout the winter he had been vigilant as a North American Indian—keen, watchful, and suspicious. He had kept up a secret espionage upon the correspondsmce of his Maltese valet; but Pietro's exerticins and Pietro's agents had alike failed to discover any trace of the missing Gwendo- line Winter.

Pietro and his master alike began to believe that the girl was either dead or had quitted England. Tile marquis was thinking of Miss Winter on this night, in the solitude of the library, anti specu- lating as to her whereabouts. Oddly enough he thought, too, of Miss Myner, his daughter's gover- ness companion, anti meditated upon her grace, beauty, and intelligence. She would • make a mag- tnifieent niarehioness when the girlish splendour of her loveliness should have deepened into woman- hood. lie was tempted to offer her his hand in marriage without further delay. 'She would accept me, of course," he said to him.self. "No girl in her position could let such a chance to become a peeress slip through her hands. But can I not do better? Caii I not find beauty, wealth, and rank united? I will wait. What is a curate's niece or cousin to a marquis ,with the income of a prince ?" Thus he deliberated with a proper sense of his own merits. _ _ _ _

----- -- But the light that streamed from the library windows was not the only light to be seen within tip restlP, Owen sat in her own snug sitting-room before her bright hearth, her little table with its student lamp drawn up at her elbow, an open letter on her knee.

What Would not Lord Darkwood and his Maltese valet have given if they could only have known that Gwendoline Winter Was under the same roof wall themselves? What would they not have given to learn that the object of that long winter's search was no other than Miss Myner, the Lady Georgina's companion? Gwen had been answering the letter which she was now re:perusing,

===== 0002601_18930603_art0012.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
R.

ktiK

-

===== 0002601_18930603_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
MAN-RATING TIGERS.

A correspondent of the Allahabirl "Pioneer," writing on man-eating tigers, mentions the career of a young tigress Who in the space of nine months killed some dozens of human beings, depopulated several villages, and stopped work over a greater part of a forest division, in spite of the most strenu- ous efforts made to destroy her—eff 3rts increased by the incentive of R 5.500 reward offered for her head. She began her career in July by killing two women near a forest village, and by the end of the following December had killed at 'vast 30 persons, becoming bolder and more cunning with each fresh mur- der. Her beat lay in the foot hills of the Himalayas, and she roamed over an area 25 miles long by three or four broad. The country was such that rise could neither be tracked for any distance nor driven by elephants or beaters. She would not kill a tied buffalo, nor would she go back to a corpse if once disturbed. She became at last so bold that she would in open day- light carry off men and women when cutting the crops in the terraced fields, stalking the unfortunates from above and suddenly springing on them, The terror of her ferocity spread through the country. The villagers left their homes for safer regions ; and no wonder, for the writer found on one occasion a village seemingly deserted,- but in reality in a state of siege, the inhabit- ants being afraid to draw water from a stream a hun- dred yards from their houses. Work was commencing in'the forests, and in a short time the tigress learned to stalk the sound of an axe, and made many victims before the forest was proved to be even more dangerous than the fields had been. The method of attack adopted was so sudden as to prevent any possibility of escape, the blow dealt an deadly as to render even a cry for help impossible. The victim was dead and carried off before his companions knew what had occurred. The most strenaous efforts were made hailer destruction—poison, spring guns, and dead falls were ineffectually resorted to, any number of buffaloes were tied up at night, and many a time the flesh trail of a kill was taken up in hopes of obtaining a shot at the tigress, but with no further result than that of recovering a mangled or half- eaten corpse. During January and February this tigress had killed 15 to 20 more persons, and at last a file of , soldiers were requisitioned to see what force could do to , remove this horrible animal,cunning having been found of no avail. On being killed she was found to be a young animal, in perfect condition ; the pad of her left forefoot had at one time been deeply cut from side to side, but had thoroughly healed, leaving, however, a deep scar, which proved her presence wherever she roamed. The writer mentions one instance in which two cowherds, living in a small grass hut in a somewhat wild forest, were cooking their food in the evening, when a tiger suddenly sprang on one and carried him off. His corn- 1 panion intimidated the animal with shouts and threats, and succeeded in making him leave his victim. Carry- ing his wounded companion into the hut, the man closed the entrance and waited for daylight. But this he never saw, for after a time the tiger, emboldened by the increasing darkness, returned, and forcing his way into the but, carried off the uninjured man, who was doubt- less doing all he could to prevent the tiger's approach. The other who was first seized died of his wounds and of terror the next day, after relating the story to those who had found him. "Of the man-eaters I have known, none have been old or decrepit animals, driven to feed on human beings becuse they could not obtain other food. They lived in a country fish of game- and where 'cattle were plentiful ; but they had lost their fear of man, and, trusting"' io-their aupeCiOr .strengtti and cum-- ning, had no difficulty in satisfying ,Cheii, hudger. At the same time, they seemed -to redegnise that an armed man was dangerous, and that they. must be doubly on their guard to avoid falling into a trap. It is this appar- ent knowledge of man and his habits, amounting in some instances almost to reason, that renders a man- eating tiger so terrible."

===== 0002601_18930603_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
SOME STORIES OF HISSING.

In December, 1810, the police of Copenhagen issued the following curious ordinance : "After this present notice, the public shall not testify their dissatisfaction at: the conclusion of a plege at the theatre until ten minutes after the fall of the cur- tain. At the expiration of these ten minutes, a signal will be given by three beats on a great drum, and all those who after that shall hiss, or give any other mark of disapprobation, will be arrested as dis- turbers of the public peace. 'A French newspaper of the same year (from which this ordarnance is translated) says that it was infringed the very first night it was in force, and that arrests were made accoldingly. The fact that hissing is reckoned legitimate at the theatres, has led men to choose them as the places for expressing their public dislikes in times of great excitement. Shakespeare's Cardinal Wolsey was hissed at the time of the Papal aggression, but the hiss was not meant for the actor, but for Cardinal Wiseman. Hisses are directed at unpopular persons who come as spectators and not as actors. Sir William Knighton says that George IV. always entered the theatre with an excessive dread ot being saluted with this mark of public disap- probation. If he heard one single hiss, although it were immediately drowned in general and tumultuous ap- plause, he went home wretched, and would lie awake all night thinking of that one ugly note, not of the thou- sand agreeable notes. Sometimes it has not been one visitor, but a whole party of visitors who would have had the hisses of the spectators directed upon them. In one of the periodical "essays," poor imitations of the 1" Tatler" and "Spectator,' which appeared in such numbers throughout the eighteenth century (the "Prater," 1756, re-published as a hook in 1757), we are told that the conduct of ladies in the theatres was often so unbecoming, that the audience hissed them into silence. It seems that they talked and laughed 80 loudly as to render the actors inaudible.

A chapter might bea made Upot;--the repartees of the victims el hissing. To say that the hissed have often given back as good as they got, would he to say. that they merely showed light; but the fact is that they have very frequently, like Orator Hunt, won an unmis- takable victery. On one occasion there were only seven persons in the theatre at Weimar; the seven, however, considered themselves to form a sufficient court of criticism, and taking offence at the had acting of one performer, they hissed him energetically; the manager thereupon brought his whole company upon the stage and nut-hissed the visitors. Mr. H. C. Robinson tells us that he was present at Covent Garden Theatre with Charles and Mary Lamb in Deceifiber 1806, when Lamb's H ll—was performed for the first time. The absurdity of the piece turns upon the hero being ashamed of his name, which is only revealed at the end as" Hogs-flesh." The prologue was very well received," says ,Mr. Robinson, "indeed, it could not fail, being one. of the very best in our language. But on the disclosure of the name, the squeamishness of the vulgar taste in the pit showed itself by hisses; and I recollect that Lamb joined, and was probably. the loudest hisser in the house." Rossini. at the first performance of his famous le Barbiere di Seviglia, took the very opposite course; when every one was hissing, he turned round and ener- getically applauded. H. felt certain of the triumphant future of the opera, and from his earliest youth was un- moved by the first judgment of the general public.

CADBURY'S 0000 A Is ab o,utety pure.—The Pablo Ana lysts have submitted CADB('Bell COCOA to close tests Ind the result has always proved its great value as a sustain lug and nourishing bevorage.--atikt.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
iN

===== 0002601_18930603_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
E 3, 1893.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
It Was froin Mrs. Quillet, and bad arrived under enclosure from Mrs. Myner. The Lonemoor housekeeper was not an apt letter writer. This was the Second or third ephitle Gwen had received from her since the, girl's arrival ~at Dunkolm Castle; lint this lettire communicated Important news... ' Squire Markham had returned home after his seventeen years' wandering. "And he's that changed," wrote Mrs. Quillet, in her uncertain, straggling hand, " that I should scarcely have known him if I'd met him in a strange :place. He's grey and sorrowful, poor squire; and :I well remember the day when he was the srnilingest, ipleasantest gentleman in all Yorkshire. He's old ;now, and shows more than his years. Trouble has ,been bard upon him. "He drove over from Penistone, and I could hardly believe my own eyes when he entered his own gates. He came into the house slow and 'anxious.' He met Meg at the door, and started back at sight of her, as if he was afraid. He came into my room and called to me. I knew his voice, end oh' Miss Gwen, you can 'imagine how I wel- corned back the dear old master; in spite of his hardness and harshness of these later years!" Mrs. Quillet did not mention that Squire Mark- ham had not asked after his daughter's child—that he had avoided questioning the housekeeper until after dinner, and then, catching a glimpse of stout, brawny Meg, as she stumbled about the kitchen offices, he had asked, huskily— ' "Is that the girl ? " _

"No, sir," the housekeeper had answered; "that ix Meg, the dairymaid." "The girl is dead ? " "No, sir, she is living," said Mrs. Quillet, nervously, hoping to win Squire Markham's pro- tection for her nursling. She is a young lady now, squire, and very handsome, too, they call her."

"A young lady ?" echoed Squire Markham, with a sneer.

"Yes, sir. You see, squire," faltered the old housekeeper, tremblingly, "being who she was, I couldn't send her to a foundling, nor I couldn't snake a servant of her. I had a governess to educate her, and we sent her to a Paris pensionnat, and she learned music, and the languages, and the use of the globes." The squire muttered an oath. "You have played the fool," he exclaimed. "Where is this fine lady of your rearing ? " "She is gone out to be a governess, sir, in a great family." . .

"So much the better. Never speak to me of her again. Never allow her to come here again. I won't have her in this house. You have wasted money upon her. Look to her for your pay, for I swear I will never pay one penny for an outcast like that. I washed my hands of her at the out- set. What you have done for her is your doing, not mine." .

And with this the squire had stalked away, leaving poor Mrs. Quillet in utter despair. We will allow her to tell what happened next in her own language in her letter to Gwen.

"I resolved, Miss Gwen, to appeal to the squire in your behalf, for he has neither chick nor child, and might choose to give you a home under this roof, in this house in which you chanced to be born. But it cannot be.

"After dinner, just as I was thinking to approach the squire on my errand, the bailiff comes in and goes to the library where the squire is sitting. And Mc. Orkney presently tells the master that I brought up the child of that beggar woman to be mistress of Lonemoor, that I gave her the name of Gwendoline Winter, that I lavished money on her, and that the girl had turned out had.

"The squire called me in, and Mr. Orkney tells this again to my face. I deny it—that is, that you are bad—but Orkney says he'll prove his words, and that you are a liar, a schemer, a false, wicked, treacherous creature. And the squire, paying no attention to what I say, mutters: 'Bad blood 1 bad blood !"

"All I can say goes for nothing. The squire believes Orkney and suspects my motives. And he orders me never to admit you again to Lonemoor, on pain of my instant dismissal. That Orkney has everything his own way. Master believes him; I am thought a weak, false creature. "I have told you all this, Miss Gwen, plainly, because I must tell you I had hoped to interest the squire in you; but the'Orkneys have made him hate you. You can never come back to Lonemoor. You had better settle down in your governess-life for good and all. If John and I were to leave our good home, we would not be fit protectors for you. You must take care of yourself, and may heaven take care of you." Gwen leaned forward an laid the letter on the fire, watching it burn to ashes. "What could have led her to appeal to Squire Markham in my behalf ? " she asked herself. "I would not return to Lonemoor under any circum- stances: I would not accept his protection. As to the Quillets, I will repay them to the uttermost farthing all the money they have expended upon me. I have laid by every penny of my salary BO far for them, and I shall continue to do so. The child of that beggar-girl who died upon the moor may be an outcast, but she is independent!"

She arose and laid aside her pretty woollen dress, and put on a cashmere dressing-gown. She was wakeful, and, after sitting awhile longer by her fire, extinguished her light and sat down at her window, _

It will be remembered that this window looked out upon, a' lovely garden, and across it upon the ruins of the ancient entitle. Gwen mused awhile upon her <win affairs, upbn the letter she had just destroyed, and then her thoughts settled upon her present life and the singular cry she had heard in the castle dungeons. 'I wish I had looked over the 'Cyclopedia Britannica,' " she thought, " and studied upon owls. I wonder if owls do live in dungeons? There may be a way for them to get down through seine crevice in the wall. And why should an owl make such a human sort of cry? Of course, it was an owl I believed so at the time, and I never thought to doubt it until Lord Darkwood asserted that it was an owl. I must be innately perverse, for when he asserted it I began to doubt it. Yet what else could it be? It wasn't a ghost. I don't believe in ghosts, and I shouldn't believe in them if I saw one.' • • She looked at the ruins in idle curiosity. The night was neither dark nor light, but the Shadows lay thickly on the old grey walls opposite. "Midnight !" said Gwen. "I ought to be in bed-r-ah ! what's that?"

A light had flashed across one of the fower win- dows of the ruins. -

No servant 'could be in that " haunted " pile at that hour. No burglar would have bought for booty there. _ What 'could it mean ?

The light flashed again across a window—another window this time—and again disappeared. • Gwen watched long and anxiously, but it was not seen again. But what could it mean? (To be continued.)

===== 0002601_18930603_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FEMALE SAVAGE IN POLITICS.

P. W. writes to the" Daily News" : "I was at the New Gallery on Friday, and 'standing opposite Mr. Sydney Hall's picture of • Mr. Gladstone reading lessons in Hawarden Church." Near me were a middle-aged gentleman and a Medusa-faced lady. • I'm thankful,' ~he said savagely, glaring at Mr. Oladatone's portrait, that he looks very old. Perhaps he won't live many years longer. His hypocritical face is much worn.' I took down her words in my catalogue. Since I heard a lady say many years age that she wished she could see "Mr. Bright dead in her back garden,' I have not met so good a specimen of the political virago. My Gorgon at the New Gallery on Friday launched her shaft so that we all could hear. I am net a Home Ruler, but if I had been one could scarcely have been more disgusted or ashamed ; for, after all. as Mr. A nstey says, • We are both human beings.' I enclose my card, but not for publication, for I have not forgotten the fate of Orpheus at the hands of the Thracian women."

.• TOBACCONISTS commencing" Did. guide (post free) TOBACCoNIBTB' OUTFITTING C 0.486, Euston-road., London. Ha. 186&—Advt.

It is officially announced that the marriage of the Duke of York and the Princess Victoria Mary of Teck has been finally fixed for Thursday, July 8.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
ofr zethins yß9itiderzi.

(.IV} IA9R& CoMFORT DURING TERTHING. -Pleasnnt, Coolir,g Aperient for Children of all Ages. Try them mid prove their value for yourselves. Sod everywhere In proliets, Is. 11d. and 23.9 d., or post 14 or 34 stamps.. J. PRITCHARD, CHEMIST,

HEADLII, MANCRESTEIL (late Cherlten Reed).

===== 0002601_18930603_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
gctlitft%

1.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
j3ROICEN ENGAGEMENT OF MR.

) '`, SHORT AND MRS. BUGBEE. p North London Police Court on Saturday, John .+ ewsagent, Fonthill-road, Finsbury Park, was .utrin:dned for using threats towards Sarah Bugbee,who keeps a sweetstuff snop in the same locality. The parties are both middle-aged, the defendant a widower and the complainant a spinster. The defendant had been paying his addresses to her, taking her presents of flowers and fruit. Knowing (said the complainant) that he could not afford such presents,l declined to receive them ,when he flew into a passion, tore up the flowers, and threw them at my head, and said he would jump the breath out of my body. I have been engaged to the defendant, but owing to his disposition I broke it off ; and now I would rather suffer death than he his wife. (Laughter.) -;.-Mr. Lane : fbat ought to satisfy hirn.—(taughter.) —The defendant said he could net understand this sum- mons at all. After the alleged threats, the complainant sent to his shop for three bottles of" Kops."—Mr. Lane : And you let her have them ?—The Defendant : Yes. I sell "Kops,"and so does her ladyship—(laughter) ;—and, as a matter of friendship and courtesy to her, I let her have some when her stock runs out. I consider this sum- mons an act ef injustice towards myself,and very badly advised on her part. She is always sending the children for me, saying she wants to see me.—The Complainant: Ch, Mr. Short ! The Defendant : Yes, Mrs. Bughee.— (Laughter.)—Mr. Lane : Did you throw flowers at her head ?—The Defendant : In a passion I did. But I have committed no illegal act whatever.—Mr. Lane : Well, you really must pay this lady's costs,and be bound over in a sum of £3 to keep the peace.—The Defendant: Thank you.

WHAT MR. INGHAM TOLD MR. HEYDEN. It was a very lucky thing for Mr. Heyden that Mr. Ingham called to see him just when be did. But it would have been better still if he had done so long be- fore. For Mr. Ingham turned out to be the only man able to give any advice worth a rush. Lots of other people had talked and suggested things; as they do when they see a house on fire. But it is commonly the fire- men who put out the blaze after all. And so Mr. Ing- ham happened to have a bit of useful knowledge that nobody else had. And indeed the case was very like a fire, although it wasn't a house, you know, it was a man ; namely, Mr. Heyden himself.

Only the day after Christmas (1891) he told the story in these very words. "Fifteen years ago," be said, "in December, 1878, I met with a slight accident and had great pain in my ankle, which at first I thought was sprained. In a few days the pain moved up to my knee, while all the surrounding parts became swollen and puffed up. I could not bear to put my foot on the ground or even let the bed sheet touch the leg. A doc- tor who attended me for two months said it was rheu- matism, and treated me accArdingly. When I got a little better he sent me to Southport for three weeks. I returned to my work again but bad great difficulty in getting about, and from time to time I had to leave work, owing to the intense' pain. Later I had eacruti ating pains in all my limbs, and the joints of my fingers became enlarged and grew out of shap4.

" Then I consulted another doctor who attended me through several severe attacks. He said my complaint was Chalk Gout. He gave me medicines but said he could not do much for me, and that in time the disease would kill me. In this way A continued to suffer for 14 years. During that period I took every gout and rheu- matism medicine I heard of, but nothing gave me more than temporary relief. "In March, 1890, I had a bad attack and was bedfast for over two months, when one night a friend of mine, Mr. James Ingham, of Old Trafford, called to see me. The pain was at its height, and seeing my condition, he said he knew of 'something that would de me good. He brought me a few doses in a bottle but refused to say what it was. It gave me so much relief that I sent my wife to ask him. He replied, I will come and tell him all about it.' He soon came and said it was called Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. Upon this I told him I had often heard of it, but regarded it as a quack medi- cine. I sent at once to Burgon's stores in Oxford-stand got a bottle, and after using it twenty-four hours felt much better, in a few days I was out of bed and at work, and have never lost a day's work since, nor had any attack of my old enemy. I will gladly answer all inquiries." (Signed) HENRY R. HEYDEN, 28, Booth-st., East, Oxford-road, Manchester.

Now this statement of Mr. Ileyden's is surprising. The reader wants to know how it can be true, and he has a right to ask. The explanation is this :—Mr. Hey- den was afflicted with rheumatic gout, an almost univer- sal complaint, very painful and dangerous. The cause is a poison in the blood produced as follows —First the stomach becomes inactive and torpid with indigestion and dyspepsia ; more work is thus thrown on the liver than it is able to do ; the overloaded liver fails in the manufacture of urea, leaving it in the blood in the form of a solid called uric acid. This acid, a deadly poison, unites chemically with the soda (an alkali) in the blood, forming urate of sodium, a hard crystal poison. This poison goes round in the blood current until it is finally deposited in the muscles and joints,setting them onfre with inflammation and inflicting fearful agony. Continued, the disease causes chalk stones in the bladder, Bright's disease of the kidneys, and disease of the heart and lungs. All comes from the same source, indigestion and dvspepsia, and ate pro- perly symptoms of that ailment. What a pity people don't understand this fact letter. ‘. • - Mother SAgel's Syrup cures by its picullaertul action on the stomach and liver, and thus it cured the case above described. It begins at the right end. Perhaps it would be wise in you to paste this account in your scrap hook, or where you can find it in time of need.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
TRE '• TRICKS " OF TIM CYCLE TRADE.

"Caveat ernptor " would seem to be a useful motto to bear in mind when buying cycles no less than in buying ' horses. A correvondent of " Cassell's Saturday Journal" has been worming some of the secrets of the cycle trade from the manager of one of the largest manufactories in the North of England. A large number of machines are made expressly to be sold as second- hand. The great thing is to make it appear they are genuine bargains, and accordingly agents are appointed in all parts to sell them on commission frotn,private houses. "Ladies in want of money must sacrifice per- fectly new machine for one-fifth of original cost " ; " young gentleman going abroad will dispose of beauti- ful machines. with all the latest improvements ; cost £2O ; take £5." Others are "giving up riding," and so forth. A machine for this market can be made for about £2 103. The agents pay £4 10s. for thent, and get what they can from £5 to £lO. The profits there- fore are sufficiently large in both cases. Sometimes old, worn-out machines are painted up, and made to look almost new to the eye. "I remember one such machine," said this too candid cycle maker, " that looked as good as new, but I beard the governor say he was deuced glad to see it round the first corner."

===== 0002601_18930603_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
THE INCREASE OF LUNACY IN

LANCASHIRE.

The quarterly meeting of the Lancashire Asylums Board was held on Wednesday at Preston. The Lunacy Commissioners Wrote strongly urging the necessity for additional accommodation being provided for lunatics in the county, and the Sites Committee reported recom- mending three sites from which a selection could be made for building a new asylum. Power was given to the Committee to negotiate for the purchase of a site. Authority was given to the Rainhilt Asylum Committee to arrange with the proprietor of the Haydock Lodge private asylum to take a hundred and fifty patients pro- viding the necsssity should become pressing, and the Board granted a sum not exceeding £32,030 to provide reception and other wards for 200 additional patients at Whittingham Asylum.

A SHILLELA.H FOR LORD SALISBURY.

During his visit to Derry., Lore Salisbury was pre- sented with a handsorniolrrsh blackthorn, bearing an inscriptiou that it was a tribute of admiration for his services to the Union.

A DETECTIIT'S STRUGGLE Wl2ll A

DESERTER

The Liverpool police have recently been in quest of a man named Michael Traynor, 21 years of age, who was wanted for desertion and stealing £6 belonging to his regiment, stationed at Woolwich. On Sunday last Detectives Robbins and Cowan heard of the prisoner being at a house in a court off Roscoe-street, and went there to arrest him, When the accused heard of the approach of thepolice he pulled a window frame from it place and flung it at the officers,' injurin„o' Cowan. Traynor then dropped from the opening and made his escape. On Wednesday he was traced to Saltport by Detective Robbins and Detective Leybourne, and when he saw the officers he made a hasty retreat. Being closely pressed by the officers he jumped into the river Weaver. Leybourne also plunged in, and after a desper- ate struggle brought Traynor to the shore, where be was secured and conveyed to the Liverpool brideweU

===== 0002601_18930603_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
.1J At thl ; Short. '" sum

FRAUD ON WARRINGTON MINISTERS.

THE IMPOSTER SMARTLY CAUGHT.

On Monday there arrived in Warrington a respectably dressed individual who made is, his business to see several of the Nonconformist iifllB, ters in the town, in order to tell them of his necuniary difficulties, thereby hoping to touch their hearts and unloose their purse strings with his , pitiful tale. , His mode of action, .to say the.ltaast, . Wad 'claver; but in this case not- clevet enough to succeed with one rev, gentleman whom he tried to dupe. He commenced " operations " on MondaY morning, by calling upon the Rev. John Yonge, iR Wilson-Patten-street, and said he came as a Con- gregationalist to know if he would recommend hini, to somebody, to give him work, and described himself as an engineer's storekeeper. After delivering his elabor- ately prepared tale in which he mentioned several well- known Congregational ministers in Newcastle-on-Tyne, Birmingham, and other towns with whom he said he was intimately acquainted, Mr. Yonge recommended ' him to the manager of a firm of engineers in the town,- but not being successful, be again called at Mr. Yonge's house, but fortunately for that gentleman he was out. He afterwards wended his way to the Rev. J. W. Varley house, and after passing himself off as a staunch Baptist, he related the the same story as he had previously related to Mr.Yonge, but was careful to sub- stitute the names of various Baptist ministers in the towns named. The man's appearance and statements reminded the rev, gentleman ot a paragraph he had " read in a well-known Nonconformist journal, written by a frieed of his, residing at Derby, warning ministers against being defrauded, and Mr. Varies accordinal9 told the man to call again at 2.30. Mr. Varley wrote to his friend in Derby and sent as good a description of the man as he could to him, and ha received a telegram that it was the same man. In the meantime Mr. Varley met Mr. Yonge and learned from him that he had had a morning visitor answering the same description. Promptly at the appointed time the man again put in an appearance, and Mr. Varley gave him a letter of introduction to the engineer on the Acton Grance section of the Manchester Ship Canal, la ho might possibly find him some employmept, and told him to again call the following day it he did not succeed. Mr. Varley after- , wards made a statement to the Chief Constable and also to Detective Monaghan, and made arrangements for the .4 latter to be at his house on Tuesday morning. Instead , of going to Acton Grange with the letter, the man thought it would be far more profitable to visit the Rev. J.4Warnock, Presbyterian minister, this time represent- ing himself to be a Presbyterian, and citing the names of various ministers of that denomination. His tactics , succeeded, for Mr. Warnock gave him a shilling W relieve his apparent distress. Elated with this niece of good luck he determined to prosecute his endeavours still further, and this time went to Rose Cottage, Latch- ford, to see Councillor Henry Roberts; J.P.,and told him , that he had spent all his money in Birmingham seeking for work,and that he had travelle lon to Wolverhampton, Stafford, Crewe, and Warrington. Ile also told him be had a letter of introduction to an engineer in the Shin ' Canal, and led Mr. Roberts to think that it was from someone outside Warrington. When about to go he said he didn't know what he vets going to do, as he had 110 money. Mr. Roberts afterwards handed him a shilling. The following day he again called upon Mr. Valley, but Detective Monaghan who had been waiting some time for his arrival had left, and therefore Mr. Varley made arrangements For him to go to the Horemarket-street Coffee Tavern, as the man said he had had no dinner, and also arranged for Detective Monaghan to meet him there, At the Coffee Tavern, the stranger was regaled with refreshments, and during the meal Monaghan joined the company and entered into conversation with the interesting visitor on various topics, and ultimatelY suggested a walk through the town. Of course D.S. Monaghan desired to see the" Mansion" in Irlam-st., and accordingly they leisurely strdlled up Scotlano-rd., Buttermarket-st., and Irlam-st. On arrival at the police station, the consternation of the stranger may be better imagined than described when he found he was being "run in." When searched a hook was found upon hist containing a large number of names of ministers in various districts including Warwickshire, Northsvlch, Crewe, and Warrington. On Wednesday, at the Borough Court, before Mr. John Fairelough (in the chair) and Mr. John Geddes, the prisoner was charged with obtaining money bY false pretenees. Prisoner after some hesitation pleaded 'a guilty. The Chief Constable in his opening statement said the prisoner had evidently been " working the circuit." After evidence by the Rev. John Yonge who said ministers were victimized very considerably by this sort of thing, and said he thought that when a case was proved up to the hilt it was only right that it should be brought under the notice of the Bench. The Revs. J.,. W. Varley. and J. Warnock, Councillor H. Roberts, aput : Detective Monaghan also gave evidence. The prisoner when answering in his defence said ha had nothing tr say, hut asked to be treated leniently. He had made every honest effort to obtain work, and when be went'. to Mr. Varley and also to the others, he went with the purest intentions of simply asking them to recommen_d him work. He also though he didn't give Mr. Robert"' . In understand that the letter was from outside Warriug- ton. Prisoner who had already served two months f_.,01. a Similar offence was sent to gaol for three months' ha r; labour: The Chairman thought the prisoner's mode getting a livelihood was very dishononrable. The beam' were also much obliged to Mr. Varley and the other gentlemen for attending.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEW ILLUMINANT FOR ST. HELENS

INTERESTING DEPARTURE. The Gas Committee of the St. Helens CorpOratioo on Wednesday decided upon a tew and interesting departure in the lighting of that borough. For some years gas engineers throughout the coUntq have been looking for something other than cannel for the manufacture of gas of high illuminating bower, and the attention of Mr. Samuel Glover,gas engineer,of St. II elens,haa been directed to the Mat: ter. It has .heen found that water gas enriched' with oil has been successfully tried in other tnerns where large 'quantities of gas at very short notice are' required, but • the cost of , prodfler tion wee felt to he to great for St* Helens. At the Slime time the committee were anxious to adopt some method which would enable then!, to maintain the illuminating power of the gas. and passible at the sau.e time reduce the cost of productioc• At a meeting of the Incorporated Institute of Gas Ea' gineers in May, 1892, Mr. Glover stated that he was tri, the look-out for an apparatus for using at the guworeo the paraffin oil that was being carted about the streets. Early this year his attention was drawn to a recently - perfected process invented by Mr. Young, of Peebles, for making rich-illuminating gas from Scotch shale ol!!' paraffin, &c., and he drew the attention of his comity' tee to it. 'The engineer was instructed to report, and ,a 6 a result the sub-committee appointed to deal with W' question went to Peebles and saw the plant in operation. They also visited the works' of the Galashiels Gas Corn- pany, who were working extensive plant of this descrir don. On Wednesday, a special meeting of this commi- tee was held, and it was decided to recoil-mend the Council to adopt the system. Plans for the necesserY apparatus, which may cost about £l,OOO, are to be Pr„T rired at once. The method proposed to be adopted wu we understand; be infinitely superior to the systea, ° pouring oil upon coal before putting It into the retorts!. which wily gave partial results, and even then could 1101' be correctly estimated or controlled. The oil will dealt with separately. After the oil gas and the gas have been purified they will be turned into t; Mains in proper proportions. The system will be re° economical than gas made from cannel, and it will he richer illuminant, It has not yet been adopted in ".„°' English works, but the Edinburgh Gas Commission= as well as other Scotch Corporations, are about to 111,4"1 duce it. The close proximity of St. Helens to Liverpoi) will enable the Corporation to get an unlimited soFP,I, of oil from the large oilfields of the world. If the Helens Town Council next week confirm the committee minutes immediate steps will be taken to erect tbe ap- paratus, and get it into operation as soon as Possible' Owing to to various rumours regarding Warner's ELat Co., limited, it is only right to say that this ColloPZ has been erroneously mentioned in connection with t;„ • financial embarrassment of Mr. H. 11. Warner, in a maa net tending to reflect upon the standing and solvency ,0 the firm. The personal affairs of Mr. H. H. no way involve or embarrass the firm known as ' ,n net's Safe Cure Co., Ltd.," as that Company standsLlP" a perfectly sound basis, and is under efficient in . merit, In point of fact, we might state that br s'ive time past, and at present, they are doing more eaten advertising than heretofore. h Jame' At St. Helens Town Hall, on Monday, Jo..° ... Archer, a young man, of 44, Houlton-st., was cbarj;ifo with committing an aggravated assault 013 syggi Sarah. The evidence showed that the parties had about three years, but bad lived together unhappily. She was under medical treatment , u ' quince of her husband's conduct. On the 18t11 eart', tidy quarrelled. She took up a knife and threaten e,er stab either herself or her husband. She thouenve!'ve husband was going to strike her.and she stdoped to ter herself, whereupon he kicked her violently, causingthP serious internal bajury. The husband pleaded rh: had received great provocation,and wished toehare, fed wife with attempting to stab him. Ile ackno_wLrg t, having kicked her. The magistrates committed e' prison for six months with hard labour.

PAIN KILLER CARTEI'S [ITT' Get &bottle to-day of Liing pp) PEERY DAVIS'S Small PAIN KILLEN. Pill Acta directly-on the Small seat of Pain. Cures Dose Colds,Coughs. Head- ache, Cr amp and Sinai! Painin the Stomach, Price Bald by all ChenliSta Colic. DI sr r h con. Forty in Cholere., Rze. atilyandllo. Avoid Purely_ Vegetab. Sugar Coa,._ all Imitations under Cure Torpid Liver misleading names. Without Fail PAIN KILLER 'Chemists; ki.lict.l

I T

I

, LITTLE Pats. •-r.:;Ziert • lab. BEALIFFUL onsrnd ~'!2•Aii•Tr„ Whe taliV • i,r4 R aromgaorZliwa, S SOZODOr ted which wo able

.;.se..4`

===== 0002601_18930603_art0026.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

„,. ,;. ,

===== 0002601_18930603_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
Fita.lll THE HEART.

THAT IS THE WAY NHNISTERS SPEAK.

No class of people in—the community have a deeper interest in the welfare of the people than ministers of the Gospel. They feel great interest in the welfare of heir congregation, Ktudv their wants, and are consulted on all subjects. Of late years, pastors are becoming well versed in those things which contribute to the tbYsical as well as spiritual comfort of their people. !Ilany pastors are also physicians, and all seek earnestly tor those things which they believe to be worthy and valuable. The following statement, bearing upon this important Point, IS Church most valuable. Rev. J. Wilson-Haffenden, House, Bordesley Green, Birmingham, under elate April 24th 1893, writes : " I have for years, since I left India, Leen perfect martyr to indigestion. caused by and thei sluggish liver, and have tried various doctors r medicines without any permanent benefit. I w..as induced to try Warner's Safe Cure and Pills with the result that I am now completely restored to health, and I find by continuing to take one pill at dinner and oile dose of Warner's Safe Cure early every morning "01 keep my digestive organs in good working order!,

===== 0002601_18930603_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON WORKINGMEN'S PERMA- NENT BENEFIT BUILDING SOCIETY.

The annual general meeting of the above society Was held in Golhorne-st. Schoolroom, on Monday ?vetting, commencing at half-past eight, the chair toeing occupied by Mr. John Hatton (one of the fereusteva). The an(lience included Mr. Peter Dalton k cretary), Messrs- James Harding (chairman of 0 Managers), E.Walliug ton, Edward Fenton,Robt. herwood, Arthur Roberts, Albert C. Smithson, Robert Smith, John Hnswarth, Mr. Josiah Longhand Theeitor to the society). (Soli • CHAIRMAN observed that time appeared to fly very I:a,pidly, as it did net seem long since they last met in rat_roorn under similar circumstances. He congratu- ttaiteed the members upon the success of the society up to present time. 'they weie paying a dividend of 4 per 4 cent., and they were carrying forward a substantial balance. (Hear, hear.) The SEC THE REPORT. RETARY read the 23rd annual report of the 111, anagers for the year ending 30th April, 1893, as fol- ows tyr The managers have pleasure in laying the enty-thircl annual statement of accounts before the 311R.TehOICIers, as shown in the annexed statement. The :;!1_1:nof £1,486 15s. id. has hen received as subscrip- rouns during the year, and £2,554 123. 7d. for repay- ts. making the total receipts £4,021 73. Bd. The thdrawals during the year amount to £2,159 9s. 11d. e be sEntn of £4,224 93. 4d. has been advanced to mem- _ Ilir during the year. There are 222 subscribers h01d- mg,.3182 shares, and 36 borrowers holding 1844 shares, "Ing 258 members holding 503 shares. The profits !0.1.• the year, including £l5 17s. Bd. from last account, .11ter deducting working expenses, amount to £604 dend •, ut of which the managers recommend a divi- le of t 4. per cent., which will take £435 163. 6d., b:ving a balance of £l6B lie., which they oirect shall . carried forward to next rear's accounts. The reserve u L.nd amounts to £5OO, and. the contingent fund to £2OO. "hole of the managers retire. Messrs. Harding, ;' ailing to n , Fenton, Idierwood, Bouchier, and Baxter Zep.igible and offer themselves for re-election. Six _ :holm' managers will be taken from the register in Lnt tion.—JAMES HM WING, RDING chairman." He also read t_Ge. balance sheet and the report of the auditors, the „Tt-narned being as follows —"We: have examined the i'os books which have been e brought in, and duly audit d the accounts of the society. We have also 86e.rnined the deeds of the properties mortgaged to the rbeclietY in the custody of the solicitor, and certify to h'simr cortect.-WILLIAM FORD, SAMUEL ALIIINSON,

POINTS OF SATISFACTION. hir• EnwAtin WALLINGTON, in proposing the adoption °I the rcport and balance sheet, said it was a matter for t%ti.gratulation that they had not only been able to pay eir waY, but also to declare a dividend in spite of the dullness of trade which set in at the close of 1892 and siltheee bi.eginning of 1883. Comparing this year's balance wlth Were £B6last year's, he found that their subscriptions b"1 less than last year. That was accounted for the dullness of trade to a very large extent. When POOPIe were not receiving money they could not put any "7, and not only could they not put any by, but they Zero Obliged to draw upon that which had already been d...,h These facts would explain the heavy withdrawals -"'ob amounted to over £2,000, £423 more than last year. On the other hand their repayments were £Bl3 more than last year, so that their revenue for the whole Was £4B less this year than last year. Their sales „.,48 Year bad been very satisfactory. They had sold more this year than last year ; in fact, they had Sold more than they had received, so that they should Rot lose any of their customers, they bad made arrange- ment with the bank to overdraw their account. Here Was another point of satisfaction. They had been able tø overdraw their account at the bank without any diffi- cu.. elt y or without any security, such was the confidence the managers of the bank had • their society. They year t bad made £94 more this y than last year, but they had sold mere than they had received, so that-they had really sold soint of this year's revenue—the revenue of 1893-4--and the managers, therefore, considered that the bonuses wh:ch had been made by these surplus sales Should not be divided this year. It would not be right to do so, but that they should carry forward the £l6B towards next year's dividend. The reserve and con- tingent funds remained the same. Their indebtedness tamounted to £11,127, and against those liabilities they i.rad assets £11,996, so that even if the society were ?ound up every pound was worth £1 is. 6d. Besides sat they had £7OO towards the working expenses.—Mr. renton seconded the motion which was earned. M. ME DIVIDEND. ISHERWOOD Moved th.t, dividend of q per cent. be !aid to the investors. Remembering what other eties did, that was a very good dividend. Ile hoped ITC members would not go away with the impression %flat the withdrawals were all on account of the de- state of trade. Many had becn made by mem- " wil° had made purchases from them, and their ithdrawals had been added to the purchases. In 1891 bo Arofits were £568 2s. 2d., in 1892 £510,63. 6d., and in 1893 £f Otl. 7. 3d. Mr. Carried. GREELEY seconded the motion, and it was

NWT:LW:ROM The retiring managers were re-elected. The following ZPl;Vntments n. r also made :_Surveyors, Messrs. J. yr Wright and vwdliam Bodie, jun. ; auditors, Messrs. I,ll..jarn Ford and Samuel Albinson. &IA was (!ec'ided that Is. be paid to each manager for attendance during the past year. vote of thanks having been passed to the Chairman "10 proceedings terminated.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RIIRA.L SANITARY

A UTTIO RITY.

tjlie fortnightly meeting was held at Dutton "orkhouse On Tuesday. Mr. J. Mclntyre presided, Ltad there were present the Rev. J. W. IN. Tanner, 111-• J. Ilfmtiv, Messrs. T. Lewis, E. Aaron, W. .„,"ekering P..Bratherton, J. Stokes, W. Whitlow, J. nrandretl II.E. Heywood, J. M. Williams, J. Par- inson, J. Parr, J. Knowles, J. Weir, S. Woodward, `-'• Davenport, C. T. 'Whitley, J. L. Jones, J. ..811ton (clerk), U. Ashton (deputy clerk) and J. arrington (sanitary inspector). .

SCARLET FEVER AND SMALL-PDX. The Medical Officer of Health reported that nine ad- ditional cases of scarlet fever had occurred at Whitley Superior and Whitley Inferior, these cases being a con- tinuation of the outbreak already reported. He had Visited all the cases, and issued the usual prevention order,. All the cases appear to be mainly due to school inspection. He found the schools had been re-opened. 'to recommended that they be again closed, and not them until a thorough cleansing and disinfection of 'hem has been made. A Case of typhoid fever had cc- purred at It.ek Savage. He had visited the premises. Otit no insanitary condition could be detected. One leath had occurred at the smallpox hospital, Moore. iPe patient had never been re-vaccinated. Since then .18 Wife had been admitted to the hospital, suffering :rota the disease, but in a mild form re-vaccination hay- 414?„_been performed. There were now four eases of .11Pox in the hospital. A case of smallpox WAS re- Frleci on Sunday from Clifton. On further investiga- ailoo, the notification appears to have been an error of Olosis. The man was working again.—lt was re- Solved on the motion of Mr. Bratherton that the schools th "hitlev should be closed.—ln answer to Mr. Stokes, _ e medical officer, said proper means of disinfection nere be ina.; used.—Mr. Bratherton also suggested the avVl2Obility of closing the Nonconformist Sunday School twhitter Woodward, as a chapel man, seconded. thehe nwilf'ers were as sonaihle as they ordinarily were Would comply at once if necessary.—Carried. COST OF SEWAGE AND WATER WORLS. it,Tihe Clerk Uiverston Union Rural Sanitary Author- ntiraated that that body had approved and adopted trullVeolutien of the Runcorn Authority with reference Orat: cost of construction of sewage works and works of .1. supply.

,011011.—GRATEPPL AND COMPOPTING.--" By a ap..„• --;,",gh knowledge of the natural laws which govern the digestion and nutrition, and by a caretut ap- un"6lon of the fine properties of well-selected COCOA. MT. flttta Ibrovded our breakfast tables with a delicately. bip-ur''d beverage which may save us many heavy doctors a .S. lt is by the judicious use of such articles of diet that e,ne°,,n,stlttition may be grxdutlly built up until strong subtlg• e resist every tendenoy to iisease. Hundreds of uTftladies are floating around us ready to attack wher! „haft b ere is w-ok point. We may escape many a total a PPOND,Yril'"l'li'.s ,Jr,eh"es -ortified with pure blood and .Y smuryshed frtme "-Civi: .Swrice Gazette.—Made sa,,,,,rYsvith boiling water or milk. Sr! I,lllv in 'mei:etc, by to;;;7..:1!, labelled JAMPS EPPS, & Co .110,..Pek r /1,1,3 Chemists Ttto.p."• Ikl^o Maiteii Of Eppo'S Cocoriae or Nile-Extract,

THE DOWAGER DUCHESS RELEASED.

The Dowager Duchess of Sutherland was released from Holloway Gaol on Tuesday. She was tollowed to her house near Windsor by a "deputation," who presented " a small token " of their sympathy, in the shape of a silver casket containing a cheque for the amount of the fine in-loosed on the Duchess by Sir F. Jeune, and bear- ing an inscriptisn denunciatory of that learned judge. Most unfortunately the Duchess was not able to receive the "deputation," but she " d,si red" the PITS 9 Associa- tion to express her acknowledgments to the people who have been touched by her sorrows and sufferings. The Press Association special correspondent inquired as to the health of her Grace, and was reassured to learn that she is on the whole cheerful but " has lost a great amount of weight." The Duchess has been interviewed by a lady reporter of the " Westminster Gazette," to whom she made some remarkable statements with re- gard to the destroyed document. It referred—so she says—to a "grave scandal in the family" which occurred years ago.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
HER ACCOUNT OF TUE DESTROYED LETTER..

----- A few minutes after twelve o'clock on Monday the Duchess of Sutherland, accompanied by Mr. and Mrs. Worthington, drove into the gates of her idyllic river- side retreat, The Willows, having been driven all the way from Holloway. Her welcome was very quiet. Two young girls came out, were greeted with a gentle smile and an affectionate embrace, and went into the house with the rest of the party. A friendly parrot showed signs of delight at the return of its mistress, and a couple of footmen bowed to her grace as she went through the picturesque hall. Five minutes later (writes a " Lady Representative" of the " Westminster Gazette '') the duchess received me in a shady nook of the garden. She was still dre..sed in deep mourning, and had only exchanged her black bonnet for a small white sailor hat. Her only ornament was a magnificent string of pearls, looking more gleaming and beautiful for the contrast they formed tot e stiiihied simplicity of the rest of the costume. The duchess is a woman of queenly figure, but as she walked slowly across the sunny lawn it was very evident that the six weeks' confiner.. nit in Holloway Gaol has indeed " told on her." She looks thin, her white hands litvu a nervous twitch, and there is a look of pain and weariness about her ' face. Quiet and very gently she said, after a few words of greeting,' lam very glad you have come, for I think it is justa little hard that all the papers, without ex- ception, have published column after column criticising and condemning my action without ever making an at- tempt to hear or state the other side. I will tell you simply the facts about the whole affair. I will tell it you as I would tell it before God, truthfully, and with- out additions of any kind. " When the duke lay on his death bed in September last, he said to me one afternoon, in the presence of icy brother and Mr. Worthlngton and other., I want you to look up, from among my papers, a certain bundle of letters, and to destroy them all. You must search for them in London and at our country places till you find them. 'Then burn them.' And the same evening, quite late, when I was all alone with my husband, he talked about the letters again, and said My darling, you only shall do this for me, amid I know you will do it.' Of course I promised, and I meant to keep my pro- mise. I should explain th it these letters referred to a very very grave family scandal which happened many years before I catne into the family, and which the late duke was anxious to suppress, se that no more trouble should arise from it for any " All that has been said about the haste and hurry, and attempts at concealing the note which I destroyed, is absolutely and entirely untrue. Here are the facts. Last March—and please take note that it was only in March that I Was allowed to look through the late duke's papers, though he died in September—we were search- ing for the bundle of letters which I had promised my dying husband to des`roy. The letters could not be found, but in my search for them I came upon another letter which lay somewhat crumpled under a number of other papers. It looked, I not iced,as if it had stuck at the back of a drawer, as he tem sometimes do. I opened it ; it was from the Duke of Sutherland to me before we were married. There had been a great many letters,for we were engaged tor nine months. I looked at it. There was nothing on the first page of special interest, but when I turned to the next page I found something re- ferring to this grave family scandal. Not, mind you, the actual letters I was told to destroy, but a letter re- , ferring to this scandal, which, I knew, my husband would wish me to destroy. So after reading it I quietly folded it, put it beside me on the table, and presently walked slowly across the room and put it into the fire. It is not true that I rushed across. I had a trailing dress on, for one thing, which would have prevented me from "rushing." And then, I am not in the habit of doing things in a hurry. When those in the room saw what I was doing, one man raised some slight protest, and then for an hour and a half we went on working. It was only three days after that all this ridiculous fuss was made. What downright nonsense it was, to say that I burned papers relating to icy dear husband's will! Why, that will is a heavy, bulky document, and the letter I burnt was a sheet of notepaper. " I see now," the duchess went on presently, with a sad look and a very low voice, "I see now that it would have been wi,er if I had not destroyed the letter. I should have saved myself all this torture and indignity then. If I had only thought, ' What does it matter to me ? Let the family scandals be known.' I personally had nothing whatever to do with the matter ; it could not harm me if all were known, far, as I said before, it happened eight or nine years before I came into the family, only I had promised my dear husband in his last hours to keep this scandal from coming up again, and I would not have the woman I am if I had not been faithful twhis dying wish. And for this reason lam glad I destroyed the letter, though if I were more worldly wise I would not have done it." " Is it true that your health has suffered by your imprisonment ?"—" Yes, that is quite true. My doctor says that never in his practice has he seen such a change in anybody but a consumptive person. lam very tall, you see, and when I went to Holloway Gaol I weighed over 12st. I have lost over 2st. during those six weeks. The loneliness wasi terrible." " But I understood that you were allowed to see your friends whenever you liked ? "—" Indeed not. I was allowed three visitors a week. My mother came once, my brother once, and Mr. Worthington once. Not a single one of the prison rules was relaxed any more than it would have been for any lady, however humble her position might be. But one thing I must say, and that is that every one of the prison officials, from the highest to the lowest, was most kind and considerate, and res- pectful. I have absolutely nothing to complain of in this respect. Only prison is prison, and the one thing which helps me to bear it is the thought that I have done what the dear duke would have had me to do. I could say much more, but it will be better to say very little just now. I have hopes that time will clear it all up, and that I shall yet be justified, even before the world." Then we walked to where my trap was waiting, the duchess still nervously playing with the rings on her hands, and saying once more, " I have told you the simple truth."

===== 0002601_18930603_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
‘ -4p--- THE EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY BILL.

The Standing Committee on Law resumed considera- tion of the Employers' Liability Bill on Thursday. Dis- cussion was continued on clause 2, and Mr. W. M'Laren proposed an amendment which raised the question whether workmen should be allowed to contract them- selves out of the measure if they could get something better. Great insurance societies like those established by the London and North-Western Railway Company were on the whole advantageous to the men, but if the clause remained unaltered it would kill such societies. Mr. Asquith said the Government had no hostility to such insurance funds when they provided adequate compensation for injured workmen, but they felt that the only safe plan was to continue on the lines laid down in the bill. The amendment in effect said that the men would determine by ballot under the supervision of a Government official whether they would prefer insurance or the bill. The amendment if carried would he applicable to every workshop, mine, or factory in the country, and in many Nf the smaller undertakings the protection of th,e ballot would be futile. It would be known how the men had voted, and the influences brought to bear on them to contract away their statutory rights would be overwhelming. He pointed out tht clause 3 had been specially designed to prevent injury to such funds, and said he meant to stand by it with the amendment that if a workman got a verdict the amount due to him from the insurance fund established by his employer must be taken into consideration. After along discussion the amendment was negatived by 29 votes to 7, and clause 2 was agreed to.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DYNAMITAItDS.

• Mr. John Redmond, in an interview with a 'press re- presentative, says :—" Gilbert has been released in an incurable state. Mr. Asquith humanely deferred his discharge until arrangements could be made for bis proper treatment, and the man has been removed to a private hospital, where he is provided with the necessary nurses. It is a remarkable fact that the Irish Americans, to whom the position of these men is largely due, have not contributed anything to their relief or to help their friends to Fee them, and in fact the amnesty movement has not received a single farthing from America. Gil- bert's case is one wldch demands aid from the other side. It is a severe commentary upon the imprisonment of these men that of six confined, within a few years two were released on account of their condition and subse- quently died; a third, Gilbert, is dying; and three are insane. These are Dr. Gallagher, Whitehead, and Deveny. lam aware that their insanity is a matter of dispute, but I have satisfied myself that it is an un- questionable fact They are all young men."

" MASON'S SUMMER-TIDE," containing complete story of " A Sister's Sacrifice," by Al'en Carter, and "A btir in tLe Dove-cot," by W. J. Hodgson. Post free for three stamps from Nemball and ?dawn, Nottingham.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
1H E EXAMINER

AT OUR LOCAL CaURCUES, WAR itINGTON.

THE P.S.A. AT WYCLIFFE. About 800 men attended the Pleasant Sunday After- noon meeting in Wycliffe Church on Sunday. Thirteen new members were enrolled. Mr. Ziba Armitage, J. P., was the chairman and delivered a brief address on brotherhood. Mr. W. Collier was the speaker, and based his remarks on the words " Slippery Places," Psalm 73. 18 verse. He dwelt upon what he termed four slippery places, viz., bad . companionship, intemperance, gamb- IMg, and impure literature, and showed the danger of each in a concise manner, urging the men to beware of them. [he address which was an excellent one, was listened to with close attention, and elicited applause. The soloist for the afternoon was Mr. W. H. Wallington, who sang two solos in an admirable manner. The Rev. John Yonge and Mr. A. Lang also took part in the ser- vice. The temperance pledge book has already received a good number of signatures, and the benevolent fund is also generously contributed to. BOLD-S MEET 'WESLEYAN CHAPEL. LECTURE ON _

===== 0002601_18930603_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
COWPER.

The anniversary services— at the Bold-st., Wesleyan Chapel were held on Sunday when the preacher in the morning and evening was the Rev. J. Rowland Gleave, of Fgrernont, and a native of Warrington. The front of the pulpit was tastefully decorated with plants, and a platform was also placed round the pulpit for the children, the girls being in white. Special hymns and anthems were well executed by the choir and children. Mr. Peter Harrison presiding at the organ, and Mr. Pigot having charge of the scholars. During the morn- ing the anthem "0 give thanks " was ably rendered by the choir, Miss A. Rawlins taking the solo portions. In the afternoon, Miss Bessie Dutton gave a very interest- ing address from the words '• Follow me," and in addition to suitable hymns Mr. Levi Richardson sang " When I survey the wondrous cross" in a pleasing manner. In the evening two anthems" Praise the Lord 0 Jerusalem" and "The radiant morn bath passed away" were given in a manner which delighted the large con- gregation. Miss E.Rawlins and Mr. Levi Richardson also contributed solos. The services were well attended and the collections for the day amounted to £52 7e. 114 d. On Monday evening tha Rev. J. R. Gleave gave a lecture entitled " A night with Cowper," the Rev. J Kirtlan taking the chair. The Chairman expressed his pleasure at seeing a good number present, as lectures as a rule, did not take so well in Warrington. He was also pleased that the lecturer was upon a poet some of whose beautiful hymns were enshrined in the Wesleyan hymn- book. Tile Lecturer said that the peculiarities of Cowper's poetry were so strongly marked that his lines could not be mistaken for those of any other poet. Though not to be ranked as a genius of the loftiest order, he must always be allowed an honourable place among British poets. Though he does net startle like Byron and and Shelley nor strike with the exquitite finish of Words werth, he speaks to the human nature, with a greater force than either. Though not qualified for epic or drama as were Milton or Shakespeare he had a wonder- ful way of putting before inen in verse, the result of his own obeervatien. His poetry was autobiographical. His , love and hate, melancholy and mirth, betrayed them- selves in his verses, and as we read them, we could sea him as he was. His poetry was also true to nature. Simplicity constituted the strength and beauty of Cowper's lines. His images were true reflections of the varied works of God, and were never marred by extravagance of thought or expression Great versatility also marked Cowper's poetry. There were contrasts in it as great as ever appeared in any author, teeth as to subj.. ct and style of treatment, and all marked by that intellectual strength, wisdom and purity which peculiarly belonged to him. Sometimes his passages were as though they had been written as specimens of bitter invective, crushing and merciless de- nunciation and scathing satire. There was a keenness and a polish about them which a Disraeli might have envied in his best days. Search where you would, you would never find an uninteresting page, and scarcely ever an unmeaning or commonplace line. Cowper was an ardent lover of mankind, and his poetry breathed the spirit of philanthropy. Be like Shakespeare, believed that man was the nobleet of all God's works, and was nearest the Divine in attributes and nature. When slavery existed in the colonies, and long before there was any public agitation on the question,his soul was fired with indignation at the accused traffic, and he penned words which sounded like a trumpet and called to emanci- pate the captives. Yet with all this, there was a patriotism in him which burned and &wed with an in- tensity never surpassed. Amid the many excellencies of his poems there was the sincerity and purity of his teachings. No one could study him without revering the man, without a deep feeling of the loftiness of his character. The opinions which he expressed were his own, and not the offspring of hearsay, and he spoke forth his noble thoughts because his heart was too full to be silent. The staple of his poetry was truth. The purity of his teachings could not be questioned, and could not be too highly appreciated. In an age when vice was flattered and virtue trampled underfoot in high places, he spike opt fearlessly against the wrong and with a noble eloquence championed the right and the good, and with the most diligent search not a line could ! be found to call forth a blush on the cheek of modesty. tie had been charged with a want of sufficient poetical oneness in his writings, but this very defect arose more from his facility of thought than lack of ability to elaborate the thought. Cowper made religious poetry a power in the land, and swept away the idea that poetry on such themes could never have a permanent place in the literature of England. Little need be said of his hymns as they were so well-known. Among his com- positions were " God moves in a mysterious way," "Oh a closer walk with God," " There is a fountain filled with blood," "I will praise thee every day," " Some- times a light surprises." Mr. Gleave quoted numerous extracts from Cowpers poems and several of his hymns were also sung during the evening. The Rev. J. Kirtlan proposed and Mr. W. Silcock seconded a vote of thanks to the lecturer, which was passed unanimously, and the meeting closed with the pronouncing of the benediction. LEGH-STREET PRIMITIVE METHODISTS. The Sunday School sermons were hell at the Primi- tive Methodist Chapel, Leg.h-steon Sunday,the preacher morning and evening being the Rev. W. Graham, of Golborne (formerly in the Warrington Circuit). In the afternoon an address was given by Mr. F. R. Roberts, M.A., of Warrington. Special hymns were song by the children in a very creditable manner, under the leader- ship of Mr. Podmore, and Mr. James occupied the posi- tion of organist. I here were very large congregations, and the collections were also very good.

T. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. The anniversary services in connection with St. John's Presbyterian Church were held on Sunday. The preacher for the day was the Rev. Wilson Cowie, of flowd.)11. The rev. gentleman took as his text in the morning the last chapter of Deuteronomy, 10 verse : "Your eyes shall see it but you will not be allowed to enter therein." His subject for the evening was " Patience." There were good congregations, that in the evening being very large. Appropriate hymns were sung by the scholars and the choir sang in the evening, Sir Joseph Stainer's well known anthem " For God shall wipe away all tears." Mr. Wadsworth presided at the organ.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
COST OF THE HULL STRIKE.

The cost to the Corporation of Hull for the services of extra police during, the late strike at the docks will amount to about £9,000. This is exclusive of the cost of the military, which may also have to be paid for.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL COAL MINES.

From areturn just issued by Mr. Henry Hall, WM. Inspector of Mines for the Liverpool District, which in- cludes West Lancashire, Denbigh, and Flint. it appears that there are 243 coal mines or colleries within a short distance of Liverpool. In West Lancashire there are 174 mines or collieries, 58 being at Wigan and 20 at St. Helens, while at Ashton there are 12 ; at Baydock, seven ; at Haigh, ten ; at Standish, seven; at Aspull, eight ; at Skelmersdale, 12 ; and at Rainford, Newton, Present, atid Upholland, four each. The Wican Coal and Iron Company have 31 mines or collieries, and Messrs. D. Evans and Co. 17. In Denbighshire, princi- pally at Wrexham and Ruabon, there are. 34 mines or collieries, and in Flintshire, at Mold, flawarden, Buck- ley, and Mostyn, there are 35.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RUNCORN RIFLE CLUB.

-- GOLD MEDAL COMPETITION The fourth shoot of this club took place on Saturday, in fine weather, but an unsteady right front wind. Con- ditions :---Seven abets, 200, 500, ano 800 yards, Queen's ranges and scoring. Appended are the scores : WO 550 600 Points To- , yds. yds. yds. Mid. tal. Private S Thompson , 29 ... 28 ... 26 ... ••• 83 Sergeant D Edwards 29 ... 30 ... 24 ..• ... 83 Sergeant W Cooper Sergt. J A Rushton 2B 28 ... 23 ... ... 79 Col.-Berst. J Mort Pri .. vate Farrell Sergeant W H Harvey 2B ... 28 .•• 21 .•• ... 77 Corporal Davies 23 24 ... 28 ... ... 75 Corporal J Gittens Sergt. G R Joynson 25 20 ... 26 ... 1 ... 72 Private S Johnson Corporal W Neild 26 .. 24 ... 12 ... 8 ... 7-) Corporal 11 Solly Corporal Palmer 3O 18 ... 11. ... 10 ... 69 Ptivate R roulks ... l9 ... 8 ... 16 ... 25 ... 68 Buglar JEdwards l7 ... 12 ... 12 ... 27 ... 68 Corporal Foster l4 ... ... 54 ... 68

The lioyal Laundresses say Critchley's "STARCH OLOFS s unequalled for imparting a beautiful finish to starched linen, &c., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.—, Corn- wall, says My wife will not finish our linen without your "Starch Gloss." From Mrs. —, Bradford "Dear oh . I am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold at Id., 3d., and 03,1•• by most starch selle..s. If not in stock will procure it. T. CRITCHLIET. /Backburn. P.oprietor.—Adet.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
A'I'URDAY, JUNE

ANNUAL MEETING OF WIDNES FOOTBALL CLUB.

The annual meeting of the Widnes Football Club was held on Tuesday evening at the Conservative Assembly Room. There was a large attendance of members present. Mr. J. H. Smith was appointed chairman. A letter was read from Mr. 11. Wade Deacon regretting his inability to attend the meet- ing, in his capacity as president. TUE ACCOUNTS. The balance sheet showed that the total receipts for the year was £486 13s. id. The expenditure including £76 Is. 101. paid to the deficit from last year, amounted to £486 13s. id. including a balance in hand of .£2B 3s. 111 d. The accounts were adopted.

ANNUAL REPORT. The following is the report of the year's work, sub- mitted by the hen. sec., and adopted by the meeting: "The results of the past season, whilst not altogether satisfactory as regards the number of matches won, are, nevertheless, slightly more favturable than the results of the previous season; and as it is of the utmost im- portance—in view of the League matches—that this improvement should continue next season, we trust that the players and all concerned will make an effort to lift the club to a higher position. The "A " team results are most disappointing, only three matches being won during the season. Financially, the season just ended has been one of the best we have had for a number of years. At Christmas the Committee arranged a draw- ing for prizes, which turned out a great success and en- riched the funds of the club to the extent of £3B. We were also particularly fortunate in not losing a single first team gate owing to the weather, while on three occasions we were excused from sending a team away owing te our opponents' grounds being frost-bound, and as one of these was the long journey to Barrow, a con- siderable saving was effected. At the request of the United Alkali Co.,—who generously provided gold medals for the winning team—the Inter-Works Com- petition was resumed after a lapse of several years. This also proved an unqualified success, and the proceeds from the competition together with the profits from the Christmas drawing, were the chief means whereby we are new able to show a credit balance. Since our last report,the Committee have made arrangements with the Cricket Club, to have the use of the ground from Sep- tember Ist to April 30th inclusive, thus enabling us to extend our season to the full limit allowed by the Rugby Union. In conclusion, we beg to thank our members, friends, and spectators generally, for their continued support.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESIDENTS AND VICE-PRESIDENTS.

Mr. H. Wade Deacon was unanimously re-elected pre- sident of the club. The vice presidents of last year were all re-elected with the addition of Mr. W. It. Clark, and Mr. A. Carey.

CAPTAINS AND SUB-CAPTAINS. Mr. D. Brannon was unanimously appointed captain for the first team, and Mr. J. Drummond was appointed sub-captain. Mr. F. W. Wright was unanimously appointed captain of the A team, and Mr. W. Dawson was appointed sub-captain of the A team.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
APPOINTMENT OF OFFICERS.

Before proceeding with of officers the Chairman mectioned that the treasurer of the club had formerly been paid, but last year when F. Wright was appointed, he refused to accept the office unless he was allowed to give his services gratis. After some discus- sion the Committee agreed to this, although it was against the rules of the clith.—The meeting expressed their approval of this and unanimously re-appointed Mr. Wright hon. treasurer. Mr. J. H. Smith was appointed hon. secretary, and Mr. F. Young was appointed secre- tary.

TUX COMMITTEE. The following members were appointed as committee men : Messrs. J. L. Broughton, T. Bold, P. Dawson, T. Hewitt, T. Laws, W. Murphy, J. Roberts, T. Showan and F. Smith.

COME CrTEE ATTENDANCES. The following is a list of the attendances of the Com- mittee for the year :—T. Bold, 36 ; D. Brennan, 22 ; T. Baggeridge, 20 ; I. Chadwick, 34 ; P. Dawson, 41 ; W. Dawson, 9; J. Drummond, 11 ; T. Hewitt, 39 ; T. Laws, 42; J. Roborts, 42 ; J. H. Smith, 42 ; T. Showman, 40 ; F. W. Smith, 34 ; F. W. Wright, 43 ; W. J. Wilkins, 24 : and F. Yonne, 44.

CLUE COLOURS.

The question of aiterinti the ;Olour of the club was brought forward. After considerable discussion it was decided to substitute blue knickers for the black ones worn hitherto.

VOTES OF TIUNKS.

At the close of the meeting a hearty vote of thanks was passed to the local press for the support they had given the game in Widnes during the season. Votes of thanks were also passed to the various officers, including the chairman.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting was held at Dutton Workhoire, on Tuesday, under the presidency of Mr. J. Mclntyre. Present The Rev. J. W. N. Tanner, Rev. .Dr. Gastaldi, Rev. J. Hanby, Messrs. T. Ilandley, T. Lea, D. H. Jones, T. Lewis, E. Aaron, W. Pickering, E. Bratherton, J. Stokes, W.Whitlow, J. Brandreth, H. E. Heywood, J. M. Williams, J. Parkinson, J. Parr, J. Knowles, J. Weir, S. Wood- ward, C. W. Davenport, C. T. Whitley. J. L. Jones, J. W. Baguley, E. Jackson, S. Horton; J. Ashton (clerk), and U. Ashton (deputy clerL).

PAILISIL COUNCILS- BILL.

A circular let-te-r--;;;-r-e;W-irn-itit. Mary Abbots, Kensington Board of Guardians, pointing out that whilst many of the proposals of the Local Government Bill would tend to simplify and consolidate local self- government, there appeared to be others requiring fur- ther serious consideration and amendment. These were embodied in a petition, and if these commended them- selves to the Board, they should forward it to Parlia- ment.—Mr.Woodward moved that the petition lie on the table.—Carried.

THE COUNTY ASYLUM. Mr. Alex Flornby, clerk of the County Asylum, Chester, wrote pointing out that there had been a trans- ference of patients from that institution to Parkside Asylum, and explaining that the inconvenience of the Union patients being at Micclesfiskl was only tem- porary, as plans for an extension of the asylum to pro- vide accomodation for 400 additional patients were now with the Lunacy Commissioners for their approval and it was expected the work would he commenced in a few months time. The Runcorn Guardians might rely upon the Asylum Committee keeping as far as possible all patients from Unions on the Chester side of the county in their own Institution.—ln a later letter Mr. Flornby states that there was only one bed vacant on the female side and ten on the male side of the Asylum.—The reply was considered very satisfactory, and the Chairman re- marked that the Union was well represented on the Asylum Committee by Mr. P. Speakman. FREE EDUCATION IN RUNCORN. The Rev. Dr. Gastaldi asked the Clerk if he had re- ceived any reply to the communication forwarded to the managers of schools, in Runcorn, asking them to provide free places for the children of those parents who were tinalole to pay school fees.—The Clerk : No.—Mr. Hrandreth said if nJ answer came to hand he would ob- ject to the passing of any further accounts for school fees. Education should be free after the passing of the Act of 1892. The year before the appointment of school iuquiry officers the fees paid amounted to £l7 is. Bd., but afterwards, up to 1891 the fees and salaries came to £B5 18s. in Sines then the Free Education Act had come into force, still through a few managers at Run- corn, they had to continue the services of an inquiry officer, and pay him a salary of £s.—Mr. Lea said the school fees at Runcorn averaged 2s. per week. The Board then proceeded to deal with relief cases.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
S 1 RANOE FREA.K OF A GOLBORNE LADY.

DISCOVERED AT NOTTINGHAM.

Mrs. Maud Ann Johnson, the prepossessing young married lady who mysteriously left her home at Gol- borne last week, and has been extensively advertised for by the police, on Wednesday night communicated with her husband from Nottingham, and he immediately started to fetch her home. She left Golborne presumably for Wigan on Wednesday week, hut turned up at Liver- pool, and in a rambling letter to her husband, giving no address, talked of making away with herself. The hus- band informed the police that until her disappearance their ten months of matrimonial life had been happily spent. The circumstances of her departure and subse- quent movements have been more suggestive of romance than real life.

SCARCITY OF WATER AT BARROW.

The supply of water ia the Barrow reservoirs is be- coming alarmingly reduced, there being at most only nine weeks' supply. The recent rains have made no appreciable difference, The Gas and Water Committee are about to issue handbills urging consumers to econo- mise, and giving notice of a restriction in the supply. A new reservoir is to be constructed, but many months must elapse before it is completed.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
A CArtll.

REVEREND JOSH:I3'r —.HOLMES' improvAd Mexican Prescriptian, as discovered in the hot table• lends of Old Mexico, is a guaranteed cure to all those wh ) !offer from the errors and indiscretions of youth, neivous weakness, physical exhaustion, and early decay. To intro- duce it into England, the Mexican Prescription will be iknt tree of charge. upon receipt ot a self addressed stamped ,nvelope. Only address : JOSEPH Houstas' Remedy Co., FlMnsbury 'Mansions, Bloomsbury-square, London, W.C, Mention this paper.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
!193.

WARRINGTON BOAItD OF GUARDIANS

The fortnightly meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held at the Town Hall,on Wednes- day. There were present :—Mr. C. Ratcliffe (in the chair), Rev. G. F. Roberts, Dr. Patterson, and Messrs. R. Heaton, Muir, A. Jolley, A. J. Jolley, IV'. J. Shaw, R. Owen, Balharry, Davies, Pilling, W.Gill, William Fairclough, J. Turton, J. Clarke, H.Hi bbert, T. Mather, and James Hilt; Mr. S. Sutton (assistant clerk), Mr. C. H. Ward (master of the house), and Mr. 11. !ines (Ruperintendent of the eChOOlta), THE RECENT FIRE AT THE HOSPITAL.—REFUSING

ASSISTANCE. The minutes of the House Committee stated that on Wednesday last week, an alarm of fire was raised at the Workhouse, and within five minutes after the alarm was sounded, the men had the house engine at work and the hose playing right over the building,. It turned out that the alarm was a false one, and had been raised by two members of tha Committee for the purpose of test- ing the engine.—Mr. DAVIES said that it waz a fact that within live minutes after the alarm the eneine had been put into full working order, which was gratifying, to the Committee. He could not refrain from mentioning a , fact in connection with the recent fire at the hospital. He had always been under the impression that at any ' fire, assistance of any character was always acceptable. He regretted to say that this was not so in respect to the fire he had mentioned. The Workhouse officials sent across to the hospital three minutes after the fire had been discovered and offered the assistance of their men and engine, but to everyone's surprise the proffered assistance was rejected The Workhouse officials were simply told that the Warrington engine had been sent for. It was not for him or anyone to say that the fire could have been put out had their engine been sent to the rescue,but it was exceedingly probable that would have been checked. (Hear, hear.) He considered it was a matter which required looking into. It would make their Committee rather chary at offering assis- tance in quarters where it was treated so lightly. Of course, as the building .had ..been: erected by the rate- payers' money it was probably Dna much consequence. —Mr. Mum said that as a member of the Fire Engine Committee of the Town Council lie could say that there appeared to be some muddle about the affair. Miss Walker, the matron of the hospital, said she did not re- member any offer of assistance being made. He was sure the Corporation were obliged to the Workhouse officials for their offer—if it had been made; hut even supposing they had taken, their enjne to the fire three minutes after it was discovered, it would not have been of any service, as the flames had gained complete hold. —Several Members stated that it was an undoubted fact that the offer of assistance bad been made and refused, and that Mr. Ward, master of the house,had in his possession a letter to that effect from the hospital.— Mr. HEATON pointed out that it was a serious matter to refuse assistance in such a matter. The town engine, when it did come, he said, was only able to work through receiving a water supply from a Workhouse main.—Mr.Oweis asked if the building had been insured, and he was informed that it had not.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTS_ OF FLOWERS,

_ The Workhouse Mater' s report contained a minute to the effect that the Rev. B. B. Prescott, vicar of Christ Church, Latchford, had sent a quantity of flowers for use in the house. ACCOMMODATION FOR LUNATICS.

_ The CHAIRMAN mentioned that he had recently at- tended a conference of delegates from various Boards of Guardians at Manchester to consider the question of ac- commodation for lunatics,and a general opinion had been expressed that it would leave more room in the asylums If the light cases of I macy were dealt with at the Work- house instead of at asylums. "HAPPY RETURNS OF THE DAY."

Mr. William-4;i; o-u-r-Ww--;;;;niiint;cl- that their Clerk, Mr. J. C. Sutton had that day attained his majority as clerk to their Board, and he was sure they wtuld all join with him in wishing Mr. Sutton many happ returns of the day. (Hear, hear.)

INMATES APPAREL.-PROPOSED ABOLITION or UNIFORMS. Mr. William Olt.t save notice of a motion that he in- tended to move as an instruction to the House Committee that in future no uniforms be given to the inmates, but that they he provided with ordinary clothing like the children at Padgate. It was mentioned that the School Committee had partially decided to go back to the cus- tom of uniforms in the schools as they found it more expensive to keep to the present method of clothing the children.

DR. WATKINS AND THE WARRINGTON BOARD OF 'GUARDIANS.

At the fortnightly meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians, held at the Town Hall, on Wednesday, Mr. G. Ratcliffe in the chair, the question of Dr. Watkin's charges tor midwifery fees was brought up again. At the last meeting of the Board, Dr. Watkins sent in a bill of a 9s. for five cases he having charged the special rate of .£2 for four out of the five cases. This had been ccnsiderecl remarkable and the bill had been referred back to the Newton Committee.—Mr. HIBBERT, one of the Newton Committee, expressed his indignation at this and wanted to know why it had been referred back since the account had been properly examined by the Committee and signed by their Chairman, Mr. Balharry.—Mr. W. HOUGHTON said ho understood that the till had been referred back on the proposition of members of the Comm:ttee.—A somewhat lengthy discussion then took place, in the csurse of which Mr. Balharry expressed his regret that such a reflection should be cast upon him- self and the Committee. He had signed the account after fully investigating it, and during the whole of his 28 year's membership on the Board he bad never met with such a regrettable experience.—A proposition was made that the account sh.eild be passed, but Mr. A. J. JOLLEY proposed an amendment that it should not be paused, because he considered the four special cases were most extraordinary and no proper evidence had been given in support of them. —Another discussion followed after which Dr. Pattison read a letter from Dr. Watkins detailing the circumstances of the special cases.—ln the face of this document Mr. Jolley withdrew his amend. merit, and the accounts were passed. •

"NEVER STRIKE!"

MOTTUS PER MEN AN' WOMEN.

If yo've a sharp, mischievous lad, That's all us at ti um crazy fad, An' sumtirnes welly drives yo mad, Never Strike ! Just tak' him gently by his arm, And try him wi' a coaxin' charm, Then, while yore" Seaundin' love's alarm, Never Strike !

If yo've a girl incline't be gay, An feyghts to have her wilful way. Be careful, an' when sayin's"..Nay,",

_ Never Strike! Don't cross her over mitch an' lung, But show her wheer hoo's gooire wrung, An' tho' ye have to come it strung, Never Etrike ! If yore a workin' mon' weel paid, At any labberin' er trade, Tak' my advice—don't be afraid— Never Strike!

Let agitators goo an' rot, Er to that place that's reckon'd hot— Yore not the foo to bile their pot! • Never Strike !

Suppose a Parson cums to press Yore wife an' do wters to confess; Wile layin' th' law deawn wi' greyt stress, Never Strike! But show him th' passage to th' front dur, An' if he doesn't hogs to stir,— Then threaten him, but dunnot put 7 . Never Strike! If yo shad like a game at Bows, Wi' one ez anus goes fer tows, An' wants to raise a lot o• rows,

Never Strike ! An' if th' opponent gets too nigh, Play up an' wink yet other eye; An' wile yo' do a shot on th' sly, Never Strike! These mottus yo mun tak' to heart, If not quite aw, well, then, a part; , Aw'm eendin' ez linade a start, Never Strike! TEM O'PEGS. Rose Bonk, 3,6, 63. - .

MR. CHAMBERLAIN IN A CARRIAGE ACCIDENT.

A serious accident occurred to Mr. Joseph Chamber- lain's carriage in Piccadilly, on Wednesday night. The horse slipped, and fell, causing damage to the glass of the vehicle. The right hon. gentleman was inside at the time, but he alighted apparently unhurt.

DO NOT NEGLECT i Sufferers from Gravel, Ltunbage, Piles, Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaints, Diseases of Kidneys, Bladder, Urinary Organs, Stone, Gleet, Stric- ture, Sciatica, Rheumatism, and Gout, will find a positive cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box, and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Price Is lid. Of all chemists, or post free for 12 stamps from ji OLD- RoYD's Medical Hall, Cleckheaton, Yorks. Don't be put off. If you cannot get them write to the Proprietor, and A box will be sent next post.—Advt.

BETHESDA CONGREGATIONAL SUNDAY

SCHOOL, RUNCORN.

JOHN BULL IN HIS BEST CLOTHES.

The anniversary of Bethesda Congregational Sun- dap school, was celebrated on Sunday, when the Rev. F. Carter of Northwich, preached morning and evening to large congregations. In the, evening the sac-ed edifice was crowded, At each service the choir and schllars sang specially selected hymns, Mr. Clifford LeCauteur presiding at the organ. The collec- tiens realised nearly £5. On Monday evening the Rev. , Silas K. Hocking, of Southport, delivered his popular lecture" John Bull in his best clothes." There was only a moderate attendance. The lecturer explained that his addresses was in no way political ; it was simply an attempt to give a picture of an ideal Englishman, to show John Bull, not exactly as he WAS, but as he might be at his best and noblest. By foreigners John Bull was always depicted as a wine bibbing, beef eating individ- ual. He was not prepared to defend all John Bull's weaknesses. And if there be any dry ret in the English constitution it was surely to be found in this debasing habit of constant futldling, which Was imparing the national health. which was increasirik their burdens and decreasing their resourees ; which was crippling their industries and ren- dering men by thousands unfit for labour ; which WAS emptying their Churches and Sunday schools, and fill- ing their workhouses and gaols, and which was open- ing the door to hundreds of other vices which had long been clamouring for admittance. (Applause) If any future Gibbon had to write the fall of the British Empire, it would be from "the enemy that was allowed to enter his mouth aud steal away his brains." Might the day be far distant whom it should be written on John Bull's I tombstone that he died through drink. (Applause) It I was said that John Bull was a bragging and grasping I pugilistic bully, and an altogether sanguinary indivi- dual. He denied this and mentioned the advancement made respecting national disputes being settled by arbi- tration, and expressed a hepe that the time would never come when John Bull would unsheath his sword in an unholy cause. England was not behind any other coun- try in respect of labour and enterprise. He had made himself what he was to-day by hard work. His resolute will had eenerally conquered, and this had given him the right to wear his best clothes everyday, and to com- mand the respect of those who were envious of his p)wer. (Applause.) The dress of the typical John Bull was in- dicative of his character, for with all his faults they could not but admire hiin, and entertain the hope that his life might be long and prosperous. His boots, with broad bottoms, thick soles and high tops, denoted deter- mination and strong common sense. His coat showed comfort and convenience rather than elegance. To ray John Bull did not like beauty was untrue, as proved by the beautiful art schools, picture galleries, and public buildings all up and down the country. The lecturer rediculed the aesthetic craze, and said John Bull would not feed on a sunflower while there was a beefstake about, rem sleep on a marble slab if there was a feather bed handy. (Laughter.) With regard to the tall hat, whilst it was uncomfortabla it had the redeeming feature that it Was Capable of an immense amount of polish,and therefore 'night be taken as indicative of his good man- ners. The lecturer considered that John Bull carried his reserve too far, and was too careful about his introthic- tions. This was done in cdnnection with the Chris- tian Church. He advised them toeive a hearty welcome to strangers who might come intontheir midst. All true politeness had its root in due regard for the rights and feelings of others. He cautioned smokers against be- coming too selfish, and annoying others. Tobacco second hand was nasty. John's umbrell whs demonstrative of his charity, which was known througlicut the world. He gave to every cause. No cry of distress or wail of sorrow did he listen to without trying to relieve. Dealing with John Bull at home, Mr. Hocking stated that his dressing gown and slippers were emblematic of his domesticity, and to this trait of his character he owed not a little of his strength and greatness. (Aoulause.) The family was before the nation, for out of the former tha latter grew, and no nation could be great where family ties and relationships were ignored. While their homes remained unstained, and their hearthstones pure, England's glory would not wane, nor her strength pass away. Wite in Eneland meant wife, and in no country Was woman treated with such veneration as in England. This had given John Bull gentleness, dignity, and I chivalry. Dealing with John Bull in his go-to-meeting coat the lecturer said it showed the respect English people had for their Sabbath, and then urged that if they were truly proud ot their couutry let them show is by their honour, pride, chivalry and truth. Let them see to it that no shame fell on the English name. If they loved their country let them be true to it, and do honour to the name they bore. (Applause.) The customary vote of thanks concluded the meet- ing.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL P ARLIAM EN 11.

MONDAY.

The House of Commons reassembled on Monday after the Whitsuntide recess ad went into Committee of Supply. A vote on account was submitted, and it led to discussion on a large number of subjects—The Ordnance Survey, lighthouse efficiency, State empkvment of old soldiers and sailors, cost of the House of Lords Staff, &c. On the Marquis of CARMARTHEN calling attention to the dangerous and growing practice of carrying revolv- ers, Mr. ASQUITH said the Government were considering the question, and if the House was disposed to treat it in a non-contentious manner they did not despair of effecting improvements in the law. Sir Jons GORST accused the rresident of the Board of Trade of political partiality in the appoirtment of the labour correspondents to the Bard of Trade. Mr. MCrNDELLA repudiated the charge. The vote on account was passed before the House rose.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
TUESDAY.

In the House of Commons on Tuesday evening, Mr. MOBLEY replying to Sir T. LEA,stated that circumstances under which the police of Londonderry interfered with the display of flags from the windows of public-houses en the occasion of Lord Salisbury's recent visit. Ho said no order whatever was issued from the central authority' who had no cognisance of the transaction till after the event. Under the law the constabulary might enter any licensed premises and remove or destroy any flag,banner, ' symbol, or decoration, but he did not think the Union 'Jack was one of the flags contemplated in the Act. The motion for adjournment over the Derby-day— proposed by Mr. BuoosviEtn—was defeated by 231 to I 169.

The House again went into Committes on the Home Rule Bill, and proceeded to consider Captain NAYLOR.. LEYLAND'S amendment that clause 3be postponed. On a division the amendment was rejected by 273 to 240. Lord WOLSIER moved an amendment to the clause to the effect that the Irish Legislature should not have power, not only to make laws, but to pass resolutions in re- ference to the matters taken from them by the clause. Mr. GLADSTONE said they had no means of enforcing such a condition. Mr. BALFOUR. said this argument de- molished the whole of the Prime Minister's case. He asked what were the intentions of the Government as to the Irish members. Mr. GrAnsroNE said they intended to do their best to induce the House to adopt the 9th clause. Mr. Cuamaiumetx said the debate had elicited a most satisfactory admission from the Prime Minister. The amendment was then defeated by 259 to 238. Pro- gress was then reported. WLDNESDAY. Proceedings in Committee on the Home Rule Bill were continued in the House of Commons on Wednesday. Viscount WOLHER moved an amendment to clause 3. providing that the Irish Parliament should not be able to entertain or getnt votes in supply except on the re- commendation of the Crown, signified by a Minister of tke Imperial Government. Mr. GLAnsroxs opposed the amendment. He th,,ught that what was necessary had been provided for in the bill, but if it was not quite plain the insertion of a few words in the proper place, clause 10, woult make it absolutely clear. After a long discussion the amendment was rejected by 240 to 188. General GOLDSWORTHY moved an amendment abolishing the office of Lord Lieutenant. Mr. GLADSTONE and Mr- Morley opposed and Mr. Balfour supported the amend- ment, which on a division was defeated by 285 to 219. Sir A. ScOBLE moved an amendment to the effect that the Irish Legislature should do nothing that might affect the authority of Parliament or any part of the unwritten laws or constitution of the United Kingdom whereon might depend the allegiance of any person to the Crown of the United Kingdom. The amendment was lost by 278 to 238. Another amendment, proposing to insert words to prevent the Irish Legislature altering its title. was defeated by 278 to 234. -

THURSDAY. In the House of Commons on Thursday evening, Sir E. GRRY replying to Mr. Labouchere, said that no in- formation of any kind had been receird by her Majesty's Government from Uganda since Sir G. Portal arrived there. Sir W. HARCOURT informed Mr. Chaplain that it was necessary to obtain the opinion of the Indian Govern- ment upon the report of the Committee on Indian Cur- rency, but no time would be lost by either the Indian Government or her Majesty's Government in coming to a decision. Mr. ARNOLD-FORSTER moved the adjournment of the House in order to call attention to the growth of clime in Ireland and the failure of the Executive to take steps for its abatement. Mr. Murmur contended that agrarian crime had decreased since the present Government came into office, though he admitted that in certain parts there had been an increase in offences classed as " moonlighting." rhe increase, however, was only ' temporary, and the police were working as faithfully and as energetically as they did under the late Govern- ment. After a long debate the motion for adjournment was defeated by 241 to 203—maj )riry for the Govern- ment 38.

----- --- The House again went into Committee on the third clause of the Home Rule Hill.

...-.._,....4...__.

RtiPTURR CURED.—S. J. SHERMAN, Hernia Spocittilist, 64, Ohara •ry-1 tne. London, sends his book o' ruptui p2st free. giLanch Chambe. s, 26, King-st., Manchester.-4.0a.

ALL,. S. A. ALLEN'S

WORLD'S

HAIR REST,ORER.

The natural colour re- stored and preserved.

An absolutely per- fect Hair Restorer

and Dressing.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE POUND

OUT OP EVERY THIRTY POUNDS OF TEA

CONSUMED IN GREAT BRITAIN IS SOLD BY

BROOKE, BOND Cc Co.

Think of the millions of men, women, and chil- dren in our teeming land and then realise that Brooke, Bond 45t Co. supply one out of every thirty in myriads with Tea. THAT FACT IS THE BEST PROOF OF VALUE.

those

WE DO NOT FEAR COMPETITION, and we court comparison, for our position is impregnable.

WHY? BECAUSE we buy for "cash" and sell for " cash " many million pounds of Tea Cs ery year; so we can sell and do sell every pound for the smallest profit. We deal In TEA ONLY. It L; plain indeed that a firm which devotes all its a:tmtion to Tea alone must give the Pubiic th bt po-lhie value in Tea.

_ Our gigantic business lies besn established twenty-three years, cur re:-Atatie.. is so high, and we have altogethzr so mach at stake that we are thus bound by the best and surest of all guaran • tees to do the utmost possible for the Public and for you.

WILL YOU NOW TRY THE TEA ITSELF? It is sold in One-pound, Half-pound, and Quarter. pound Packets. Each is prepared and sealed by us at our own Warehouses, and Wars our Signature and celebrated Trade Mark of the double-triangle or six-pointed star.

OUR AD-E-N-T—S—draw their supplies constantly from us, and they sell exactly the same Tea at the same prices as at our celebrated warehouses. 1/-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 2/-, 2/4 Or 2/8 per lb. WE ARE GLAD to receive applications for Agencies in this District from energetic trades- people. Selling our Tea is already a regular annuity to thousands of enterprising men and women. BROOKE, BOND, & CO., LIMITED, 57, PiccAntux, MANCHESTER, AND AT LEEDS. BRADFORD, AND LONDON.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL.

THE BARTON AQUEDUCT ACCIDENT. An accident occurred on Tuesday in connection with tho deviation of the Bridgewater Canal at Barton. The swing aqueduct which is to take the place of Itrindley'a famous structure was completed Same few days ago. It has a northern and a southern approach, the ends of which are separated from the Bridgewater Cantl by dams. Portions of the dams were removed on Tuesday and the water entered the new channel. Unfortunately the bed proved to be infirm, and the water flowed through and flooded the adjoining Isnd, eventually finding a way into the Ship Canal. The damage done to the deviation works will cause some delay.

THE LONDON AND NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY' , COMPANY AND THE CANAL. An important arbitration between the London and North-Western Railway Company and the Manchester Ship Canal Company was opened in London on Tuesday. The Canal Company, as is well known, have been obliged to construct" deviation" works on the North- Western to can, the railway on new lines over the iwaterway. The approaches to the new bridges are necessarily long and the gradient.; heavy, and the Canal Company is under statutory bonds to compensate the North-Western and other companies for the increased cost in the maintenance of way and the haulage of trains which the deviations will bring about. Mr. Pope, in stating the case for the Railway Company, said that his clients were desirous of hastening rather than of deferring by any action in regard to compensation the opening of the canal for traffic. Mr.Pember,for the Canal Company, thereupon asked the learned counsel to state what sum his clients thought would ba required, and promised that the Canal Company would, if it were possible, de- posit it at once—subject to the award of the arbitrator at a future day,—in order that the opening of the canai might not be delayed. The railway companies, it seems, have the power to retain p ,ssession of the ground which the Canal Company requires until the award of the arbitrator shall have been paid. Mr. Pope pro- mised to ascertain the amount " in round figures," and after some evidence had been given the proceedings were adjourned. The arbitration upon the claims of the London and North-Western and Great Western Railway Companies against the Manchester Ship Canal Company was con- tinued on Wednesday at Westminster, before Lord Balfour of Burleigh and SirG. Bruce. At the commence- ment of the day's proceedings Mr. Pope is formed Mr. Pember that the claimants were not then prepared to state the sum they would require to be deposited before the canal company could get possession of the old lined in Warrington and the vicinity. It was a matter for negotiation, and had nothing to do with the arbitration. —Mr. Harrison, the general manager of the London and North-Western, was examined, and it transpired in the course of his evidence that the aggre.rate of his cons- pany's claims by reason of deViation of lines and addi- tional cost of working was about- 330,003. The devia- tions had made no difference in their system of working. In cross-examination he said he would not admit that many of their trains were habitually behind time.—Mr. Pope : We make ir) claim for waht of punctuality.—Mr. Hat-Aeon further stated that a p Irticular train through from Carlisle to Stafford, and which passed over the deviation at Warrington, was nonctual, but there was time lost at Warrington owing to the signals, and that was made up on the compsny's old lines.—Mr. George Whale, examined by Mr. Pop 3 said he was assistant locomotive superintendent of the London and Nofth- Western, and was stationed at Crewe. He had been upwards of thirty-four years in the service, and sixteen THheeerxepolaisneadtotthale yweoarrksi na as loocr the ottri avffie c s ITe w r ianrtrei nn 4d et onnt : tonnage there in the course of the year of 2 918,937 tons or an average of 1821 tons per t.-tin, which vro:.nd have to go up a gradient of one in 135 on the main line.—The inquiry was adjourned.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHIP CANAL ANp.ITS PROSPECTS.

A London correspondent writing to a Manchester con- temporary, says :—ln conversation with the representa- tive in London of one of the foremost fleets of steamers trading between Gre!it Britain and the Eaet, I sounded him as to the intentions of his line in relation to the Manchester Ship Canal. At present he eets a cargo from Yorkshire, Lancashire, and the Midlands almost indiscrimately at Leaden or Liverpool, the extra car- riage to the South being set off by shippers against a saving in time. He thought it unlikely that his boats, which are tremendous twist screws of the latest type, would proceed to the furthest limit of the canal. nut he is already thinking over a scheme for sending a steam tender up to Manchester to bring down not only cotton bales, but also general cargo trom the interior, which he hopes it will be possible to get to the quayside at Manchester at lower rates than it gets direct to the mouth of the Mersey at present. Should his hopes be realised he thinks he will he able to tap a good deal of non• Lancashire traffic, which at present might or might not find its way to the Thames.

SHIP CANAL RAILWAY DEVIATION. OPENING OF CADISHEAD STATION. On Thursday morning, the new station at Cadishead, on the Ship Canal Deviation Railway of the Cheshire Lines was opened. The station is situated between Stockport and Warrington. The old station, which can still be seen in the vicinity, hai been closed for several years, owing to the fact that it was not convenient. Main Station, three quarters of a Mile distant, offered greater facilities for travelling to AlAnchestar. DurinF the years that it has been closed the population of Caclishead has greatly increased. The railway devia- tion, on which the station stanch, =tends on either side of the Canal for over a mile, and running parallel with the old line, but with a far steeper gradient. The old line will not altogether be discarded. It will be used to carry coal to the Partington coal basin from the Wigan and Yorkshire coalfields.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
THE THREATS 10 MURDER MR. GLADSI ONE.

The trial of the man Tow—n—s rid for threatening to murder Mr. Gladstone, took place at the Central Crim- inal Court, on Thursday.- The jury found the prisoner guilty but not re,ponlible for hi a actions, and he was , ordered to be confined during her Majesty's pleasure.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
SERIOUS ILLNESS OF MR. BEN

TILLE'rT.

Alderman Tillett, the n t d latwur leader, is lying sericusly ill at his hous t Lytonstone.

V

, ,

4

===== 0002601_18930603_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
Cht Optuintr " Orrart

Or LANCASHIRE AND CRESHIRP. COUNTY NEWSPAPERS Comprises

rrHE Warrington and Mid-Cheakire Examiner, pub- .l listted every Saturday morning. HE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published 1. every Friday afternoon. rrillE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday 1. afternoon. THE .Runcorn Examiner, published every Saturday morning ; and /TEE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday morning.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

ehming uncle;the foUowing iit7;l-s-a-r-e—in-s-e-rteli--- in ALL the above-mentioned Papers for ONE CHARGB, as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PLRTINEIiSIIIPS WANTED, APARTMENTEI W•NTED, MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRLYATE CONTRACT,

MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LIM en SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54 The shove charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisen ent leserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
firottOstonal.

NIALB and FIIMALB NURSE'S INSTITUTION, 70, Hope-et., Liverpool. &tab. 1878.—For reliable Attendants, Mentil, Medical. and Monthly Nereee, Massage, spply nr •elegrnph, " Nnreee." Liverpool. lephone.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
BonitEittr Amtantg, &r.

_ WARTED, good General SURVANT,at once.—Mrs.Salw, Union Arms, Ca:tle-street, TyWesley.

WANT), General SBRVINT, abant 20 —Apply at 52, Aibert-street.covrrey-hiii, S. Helens.

FAIIM SFRVANT (female) wanted, la milk.—Apply to Mrs HEWITT, Ore< n-lane Farm, Burtonwood.

eiENERAL SRRVANT WANTRD tr+od wars.—Apply, _ ifsaLgansrr, Cavendish Road, Rccies, Manchester.

LAMPS may hell. of revectable Servmts by writing to I_4 Mrs. GRIPFITICS REGISTRY, 18, Gravel Hill, Ludlow.

WANTS I) SITUATION as working Barmtid. three years' experience.—Address S., Examiner Office, Mules - town.

EXPERIENCED %unsEs. Irousernlids, Cooks. and Gene- rals may be suited at mice. Miss iILDzON, Irlam-st., Warrington.

WANTRD, good GRNERALS. age 18 to 25.—Mrs. JoNis, Registry 0111ce for Ladies and Servants, Cavendish- 9treet, Reighley.

BArANTED. stroug GENT!RAL SERVANT lAto 20. with good references.—Mrs. J. FURSITAR, 103, Virginia- st., f•outhpoTt.

G 000 GENERAL SERVANT WANTHD. one that's been out before.--Apply Mrs. TILLCOCK, 40, Thietlewalte-road, Claprem, London.

WANTFD, den resosctable GIRL, 14, as General Servant ; two in family ; good home.-101, Choriton- road. Minelle.ter.

FOOT ',IAN and Groom, ;to recommend, age 18 ; good character 18 months ; Wages £15.--Bliss TRANTER, Holywell, fl.wey.

LAMES can be suited with Servants. Respe,tablell introduced to situations —Apply, Mrs. Locx, Registry 01Roe. 12 Albert-rout, Whines.

WANTED, Ladies' Help. Attendants, Governesses„House- k opera, Mothers' Helps, sc., Ic. ; high class, agency. —2II, Clifton-at., Wolverhampton.

WANTED, strong GIRL for farmhouse. (Protestant pre- ferred) —Apply by. letter to Mrs. lIILLEB, Rigby House, Adliugton Chorley. Lanoashare.

WANTED, GO(111D GRNERAT, COOK. tor Conntry seqd re erenees —Apply Mr. LIVESIEY, Whittle Springs Hotel. Near Chorle ',Lancashire.

WANTRD, respectab'e GIRL, a,e 17, wages £lO, Protes- tant, Hett,odist preferred, good refereuce required.- 10, Palatine-road. Wlthington, Afaache-ter.

WANTUD, good Iaft,NRRAL SIMVANT tor Country Hotel, send references.—Apply Mr. LIVESEY, Whittle Springs hotel, ?Tear Chorley, Lannshire.

WANThn a Situation as single-haw-lei Clordeuer ; good all-round ; mareied ; age 37; gnat references ; country preferred.—U. Srnkt, Liuley, Broseley, Salop.

WANTED, GVNERAL. about 25; must wash, plain cook ; good character required.—Api.ly by letter to B. II PILKINGTOX 54. Bankliel,l-road, IluddersEeld.

GBNEItAL SERVANT, (wood) wanted. able to wash, good home, character and re'erences indispensible —Address stating 4ge and wages required Dr. TAYL,,RIgh-st.. Bolton.

WANTED, SITUATION as Housemaid, upper of two, or single-hauded, age 25. one year nine month's refer- ence —Apply It. 8.. 33, nignell-st., Waltox Brock Road, Liverpool

WANTED. SITUATION as Groom-Coachman ; single, handy. drive a pair or sinpe well: pod character ; married when suited.—Addreaa J. DvaElco'rr, Ashton. Leorninater.

• ri_SNERAL Servant.—Wanted. a reapcctable Woman (25 kJ! to 4n) General Servant. in a arr.all family; who can cook ; no nasHng ; good wages; Yoy kept..—Addre3s, Milli SANDFORD, Market Drayton.

ffiattuttro, ,kt., on oak.

TRON FENCING, SHEEP and CATTLE HURDLES. Don't be misleni by special advertised offers, but before buying write for our illustrated Catalogue. free on applica- tion. BITLISq JONES a[ BAYLISS, Iron Fencing roanufac- -urers, Wolyt thampton. Londsn Office and Showrooms. IZ9 & 141. Cannon Street. London.

A 8-HORSB PORTABLE ENG INE for sale or himand all .13,_ kinds of machil.ary for saie.—Joisa Boasnmx., Longford- street, Warrington.

QAW BENCH. with dreg motion anal SAWS £l6; Saw Be,sch and hand saw fr,mse combined, £l2 ; general joiner, with saws sad b ok. by Robinson £l5; thicknessing machine, 18In. cutter b'oeit, £2O.—UMBENWOOMB 39, Nuttall- tit.. Rochdale.

CIT. °NORGE'S IRONWORKS LIMITED Gate Ormerod, (3rierson. and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester. have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are In a position to Supply CAST- INGS, MillwrTght. and all kinds of Engineeeing Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli astion.—Telepbone 229. iru rECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVB ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate clolvery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

FOATIONT OFFICE, MANCHESTER, INTA BUSHED IN 1835. bledrs. GEORGE DAVIES is SON have had more than 40 yeara personal experience In connection with this Bstablish- ment, and possess practical k nowledge of the-cotton, woollen, and Iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," prioe 64. "Colonial and Foreign PateAt Laws," price Is. GEOLIGE DAVIES. CE.. A SON, P.1.P.A.,

4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

AWARDED OVER 370 PRIZSI MBDALS.

BRADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY - APPROVED LAUNDRY 8:-. DArRY M.ACII IN ERY. "COMPLETE OUTFITS FOR HAND AM) STEAM POWER. Catalogues Free Correspondence invited. THOMAS BRADFORD A CO.. 130. ,BOLD-STRERT. LIVERPOOL;

VICTORIA-AVENUE, MANCHBSTIIIR; Also SALFORD awl LONDON'. •

Ougirai ingtmmtntg.

CAPITAL Two-manual ORGAN; Anti rich tone, splendid pitch pine rase.—ILLEX. 'YOUNG a SONS. organ launders. F;ldon-st., Manche:ter.

J. W. TEMPERLEIr,

LWLLNfI kOif. RUNCOI2S. PIANOS, ORGANS. VIOLINS, &c.

Tuning and Repairs. All kinds of Fittings in Stook. Arrangements made for Pirst-Ciass Orehebtral Band and Pianists. PIANOS on HMS and an HIRB-PURCHASB.

--- TIADEREWSKI says: "Play only on an Erard r _ .wherever obtslnable. --_—__ itegent-st. makers to the queen, 18, ERARLY. GrentMarlberonati-st.. pa.D.EREWSKI says: "Play only on an Erard wherever obtainable. Parisial—riTiodels now being exhibited' IDIADEREWSRI says : " Play only on an rard wherever obtainable.

-fiIiARL).

:toe rematnaer or the Eng- lish Models at Great Reductions.

..11.1 ...— —...___ I ).aplailt:WSX.l suys : '' Play only on an Erin' wherever obtainable. S. and P. BliaßD. ' MAXIMS to the Q1.1131..N and ROYAL FAMILY. IL GREAT MARLBOROUGH-ST.. ItEOBST-5T.. W.

Zpartintntoil furnWigb 110u5e5, Str.

C.ICARBOROUGH.—SWIFT'S Private Hotel and Boarding- ° House.—JOHN B. SWIFT, Proprietor.

ST. ANNES-ON-THE-SBA.—Several very select furnished private houses. Two to 10 guineas week.—TAYLort,Chemist.

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable and pleasant apartments. near Central Station and Sea.—idni. SHAW, 37. Hull- road.

TSLB OP MAN.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, including bath, dic., at Water Bdge, College Green, Castletown.— H. SIIIMMIX.

ORECAMBIL —Comfortable t.pertments, facing Sea. IVIL private or public, term. moderate.—Mrs. THORNTON, Springfield,

A HOME FROM HOME —Mrs. J. B. SEDDON, 7, It Warbrick street, Chapel-street, Blackpool, near the South Pier.

A PARTMENTS at Grange-over-Sands ; splendid situation, terms znoderate.—Miss Nictiom.s. Bella Vista, Grange- Fell-road.

rIOLWYN Hay.—Apartrnents.—Double-bedded Hoorn and 1,./ Sitting Room, 15s. per week.—Jos, Edgbastan House, P,,rk-road.

LANFAIRFECHAN.—ComfortabIe APARTMENTS, on 1) the Parade. Terms moderate.—Mre.Joaas, 8, Glan-y- Mor Terrace.

100 HYL. 32. Wftter-st., West Parade, COMPORTABLI2 .11, A.iARTMBNTS near lea; moderate terms.—Mrs. ARTHUR SUTTON.

LANFAIRFECHAN.—APAIIMENTS ; splendid sea and _LA mountain view, term! moderate.—Miss WYNNEI 3, Marine terrace.

(LIOUTHPORT.—APARTMENTS, beautifully furnished; kr) central and moderate charges, comfortable home, bath, w.c.-8, Derby Road.

T LANDUDNO.—Apartments (with or without board), at 1.4 J. M. HOLLIDAY'S Gioddaeth-Bt., confectioner. Ac. Terms on application.

WALES.—Large furnished Sitting-room and two Bed- rooms at a farm in beautiful country.—Apply H.A.J , Lianrhaiadr, Oawestry.

A MBLESIDI3.—Two sitting. five or six bedrooms, togs- /1. tiler or separately, pi-den, splendid Views.— Mrs. MARTIN, Sweden Bank.

IDEEL, ISLE OF MAN—Comfortable APARTMENTS .1 overlooking bay and castle, close to beach.—Mrs. QUAYLE, 5, Peveral Terrace.

COLWYN BAY, NORTH WALES. Clifford Boarding Establishment, 2 Central Buildings. Abergele-road. terms from 21s. to 30s. weekly.

QUPHRIOR APARTMENTS in Farmhouse, Lwo minutes 10 walk from Sea —Mrs. WALLER, Hawthorne Cottage, Cart Lane. Grange-over-Sands.

LANDUDNO --Boarding House, two minutes' work from 1./ pier ; home comforts. Moderate terms. - • Miss WILLIAMS. Bryn Arfon.

ORHCAMBH.—PubIie and Private APARTMENTS.- 13.1- Mrs. GRAY, Bee Hive Cottage, 127, Clifton Terrace, one minute from station.

PIMIMAENMAWIL—WeII-furnished rooms. with good sea view ; close to sand. ; comfortable ; terms moderate Mrs. TP1021.19, Oxford House.

QOUTIIPORT.—Charming Villa, let furnished, end July. /3 large, cheerful. comfortable, every convenience. Ten- nis, swing.-7, Preston-road.

Ir:IIBKDALE, Cumberland.—Comfortable APARTMENTS J TO BB LET, for June and July, at Mrs. CimicnoN's Forest How, Eskdale, Carnforth.

BLACKPOOL—Clean and homely Accommodation for Visitors, at Mrs. CARTLEDGE'S, 12, Wellington-st.,(three minutes from Central Station.

Air RS. TIERNEY, 34, Edward-at., near Winter Gardena, .01 Blackpool : beat accommodation for respectable visi- tors. terrne moderate, plaeotorte.

rpowYx NORTH WALES.-13rynmair, splendid sea and 1 mountain views, comfortable APARTMENTS. salmon and trout fishing.—Mrs. Montt's.

APARTMENTS, MORECAMBE-BAY.—Miss Jackson's Kensington-road pleasant sitting-rooms, public or pri- vate, central. Near sea and station.

RIIYL —Comfortable APARTMENTS, close to sea and station, with every home comfort. moderate terms.— Apply Mrs. OWENS. 10, Water-et.

LANDUDNO.—Comfortable APARTMENTS ; good cook- ing, central position. Terms moderate. —Enrra H. JEFTERIEF, Cartref Melus, Deganwy-street.

EMIADICNIAIVII.—Furnisheit Detached VILLA, or Apartments, near sea; charming situation, modern conveniences.—DETA, Penrhyn Villa.

S&ASIDE COTTAGE; stx apartments, beautiful situation, retired summer months ; plate, llnen if required.— Miss Moms, Doon Cottage, near lOrkendbright,

RHYL —Comfortable APARTMENTS; close to church; mmintain view ; five minutes' from 5.a and station ; terms moderste.—Apply Mrs. RVANS, I, Castle-view.

ISLB OF MAN.- Good accommodation for riaitc-a with or without board.—Mrs. LINGARD (late ot WarOngton), York House, Castle Drive, Douglas (near the palace).

1 AXE DISTRICT.—ULLSWATER.—ComfortabIe APART- -14 MENTS, near the lake. terms moderate.—Apply Mrs. MURRAY. {Vest side, Gleneidding. Pater ale. trilswater,

-MEL, ISLE OF MAN.—Furnished House or Apart ments delightfut situation. splendid views; three minutes from Seaeliff. -Miss NFIL. South-view Villa.

D 0 UGLAS.-11IINDR1 'S, ROTHESAY, Private Hotel and boarding home, 15 and 161, Loch Promenade, moderate tariff.—R. A. 11FXDRY, (late of P,almoral House), Proprietor.

(11.13 AN flrld comfortable LODGINGS at Dm,frlas House, N._) No. 8. St. George's.st. off Athol-a. one minute's. walk tram railway station terms moderate.—Douglas. Isle of Man.

SHOP and HOUSE TO LET corner of Dallam-lane, and Owen-street. rent 6s. fd, per week cleared.—Apply 24. Allen-street, Warrington.

rro LET, PREMISES, In centre of Wamngton, suitable for JL. small workshops.—Apply ASEITON and WOons, Benetton, 55, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

rilo LET. House, Eagle Mount, Stockton Heath, "tent&la. 1 Three bedrooms. parlour, sitting-room, kitchen,andotbor convenirnces.—Apply W. BosTocx,buil4er, Wilderksoot.

SHOP AND DWELLING.-55. Bewsey-st., Warrington; suit tailor, draper, tobacconist, general broker, confec- tioner, butcher, fish, game, dec., stable It required, and Wil.i- dow altered.—Apply SitutaariD. 60, Eetrtsty-roext, 7arring- ton.

goaltsLw iribatt Ertatm

SEVERAL LOTS of HOUSHS on Sale.—Apply J. REX- WORTP.Y. Timber Merebant, Warrington.

()N SALE, MANURE WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. IiosKINO, 16, Fenwick-Street. Liverpool,

WATHA PURIFIER COMPANY.—No smelling reservoirs no boiler shale Nov e Crystals, lewd. 20s. delivered free.—Priory Chambers, Oldham.

LARGE PARCEL beautiful AUSTRALIAN ORCHIDS posted on receipt 7s. 6d, Post Office Order.—LINDEIL South Grafton. New South Wales.

TIOR SALH FOUR HOUSES Stockton Heath, well budt charming situation, good tenants, all conveniencss, cheap.—WARBI:RTON. Stockton Heath.

141CZEMA.—A laly who has bee.' a great sufferer for several y, are and Is now cured, will send prescrlphon on receipt of P.O. for 2s. 6d.—W., 38, Disraeli-rd., Putney.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
anteb.

AGENTS wanted ter jewellery, Ancona, and autlery.—Ad- dreAs Dat , Eranstner Ofilee, Warnizeigton.

CIARJOINTEES and JOINERS WANTED., rrgular emp/oyt ment for, good men, w8g4.,5,. Bd. per WarrTAKER, Rochdale-road Sawmills, Wham.

rrOBACCONII3TS commencing, HUI', Gaide (poet film.) 1 How toesmnsenee. TOBACAOITUITS'eITIOPITTING CO.. lees Huston Road, London, Manages Henry Myers. Est. 1866.

rpOBACCCNISTS and those commenelhg etiould eel( or send I. for oce Priee List. Competition, defied.—Goa.nnutsed, Paradise-at... Liverpool. Eststilished 1850.

AC COUNT BOOKS RULED, PRINTED aril Bound In any Style.

I,BDCIRS, DAY BOOXS,

JOUZNALS,

CASH BOOKS, ORDER BOORS, DELIVERY BOOKS,

RECEIPT BOOKS. ac.,

MADE TO ODDER.

44EXAMINER" STEAM PRINTING WORKS

BEIVSET STREIiT, WARRINQVA:

===== 0002601_18930603_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
• , ••‘,4,014, t •

/

•

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, RINI,' 3, 1893.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
alts bp Pribatt Ereatp.

Great Clearance Sale of Second-hand Clothing during the Next Few Weeks.

419 6 GOLD CURB ALBERT stamped on every link, with curb patt. seal to match, set' with Cornullan and Blood Stone, therwhole weigh. log n. arty 3 ounces 4. 19 6

===== 0002601_18930603_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
Contrarts'..

THZ EXAMINER SERIES

07 LANCASIBMIS & CIBHIRB COMM InrwsrArzio,

OOMPRIIISS

MITE Warrinfisn 4 2:lid-Clasher* Examiner, pal), lished Saturday morning. Tie d/strict covered 4 the Paper comprises many populoua maamfacturing towns. and villages, and a large agricultural tract. THE Eariestotera and Newton ffxaminer,and ..ekehtsm, Gelt6orne, and Haydaic Reperter, published PHUT aftennoon. The district is bathe heart of the Lancashire coal field.

TIIE St.Helens Examiner awel Preseot Weekly Notes, published Friday afsernoou, The district oempriaes the metre of the Glass, Cheotical, said Watch Trades of the King- dom, dce. •

rr HE Runcorn E.Yaminer. published Saturday tnorn- JL ing. It Is the only Weekly Paper in the district, sad offers the best and ebeapest facilities to advertisers.

THE Widna Examiner, publishod Saturday morn- ing. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom. and is rapidly becoming au important centre of industry.

Auction, Education, Wanted, To be Let, On Sale, Legal Pu lie Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, Bazaar, and other Public Notices, Advertisements (exceptParliamentsrPari3 ins,erted all the above papers at one charge,

SLADE'S GOOD VALUE efir-C--LES.

CgiO, Vouttrpo Ba.

SPEC_A.LITY

EN V EL OPE S

ntom 28. PETR. 11000 pII,INTING, BOOKBINDING, AND LITIIOGRAPHY,

(EXAMINER" STEAM PRINTING WORKS

BEWSEX STREET, WARRINGTON.

A7alts bp 2urtu3n.

/AN SALE, two Pony PAAETONS, tw splendid condition.; also thtlo new Alextraira sigbly finished.— BarsoN and .rftstutis, Stan:iy-road, Bick)tle,

Rocurs HERBAL ..EI.IBROCATION.

T 110 MAS LEA, CONFECTIGNER AND WHOLESALE BREAD BAKER,

CH URCH-STRRET, RUNCORN, Sega to inform his numerous patrons that he has ?lust opened, as a Branch Establishment, the Shop, ZS, EIGH-STREET, RUNCORN, with ,high class confectionery and fancy breads, Orders will receive prompt attention,

eirarastle ONE of the latest of 'animist , prises heieseriously rnisearried. the timeeef Mr. Benratra's visit, t°' leter the device wee, faTen upon of sending Figlisit workingmen cletegartes from the countlt? of Northamberland and. Beirham to, Belfast tp stedy. the- Irish problem. fee theincelves in the Orenge capital. The delegates on thee °cosi° werecarefuller selected. They were, to begin Wit Tor7Workingusen, and, etewamto be ereected,the.l did note return from their exclusive llecvil rounda in the North of -Irelanel with are; ti,elee-t preju _hoes against Home obliterated. -n7" from the point of view of the preinoters of theta this carried matters no further. No one Irl3 in teb: slighte*elegree influenced bj the reports cf elisnl; deputation. There was not event:tie gain of 164 vote to beencliened mpon. Whale the opinions the delegates-were not entirely i-oored they repudiated.- At, several of the collieries whic membere 'of the deputation., were supposed te°4 represent to some extent, reallutioris were psss t declaring that they had no eight -eo speak 01°1;0 for thems -,ives, Apparently stung; by the failuia of their veer original schema annV he, the rielinet4 that had been heaped upon it,, a few Wse Unionists ofithe- -North of Englind 7entured ePt/ a more hazerelaue undertaking e. te Teey decided invite a number of genuine veerkingmen Libel's; to go to beffest en the occazioreee Loup S'ltt nretv's visit to see for themselves what it is t'iro- the Ulster question consists, of. 7hey deset,.. eredit for their courage and generosit,' for, as in the. ether case, IA expenses 14 ptaivi—but ee- we have aaid,, the eni prise has rawmarried. The deputation to Belfast ancb--they have cor-o back strengsl the Home Relit:faith than ever.. They give credit for the -cordiality and the heepitalite their recepticuee they acknow:edg,e that Belt' ,frona a materiel point of view,is acity to be of; they admit, further, that even amengstioee Pretestant poction of the workiegechieses the oter hag against Tame Rule is intemee„ On the llama, from what they sow they have come conclusion that this feeling, intense. though I" does not spring from very creditable stell'ed According to one of the deputatiore.who exlirTtes :his opinion to an interviewer, "the root t°.ie ie whole feeling ia.Belfast against Marne Pile -teer the religious intolerance of the people." J"enotir conclusion to which the rnernbe.w, of the dert es, tien were forced, supports the esasetion thsiro been often made on English platforms by jeel- speakers,that the Roman Catholi 3 minority intbet fast is unfairly treated. As to the- protestation all "Ulster will fight," the hard-headed wetkinreir "deputator "who was interviewed, surnmerbi missed that as "bunkum." That Cie opinions °. IS particular delegate are held by all his comeeol°,ooo shown by a meeting of the whole of the detiech • that was held in,Neweastle on eetturdaY, ates"ood; the follcwing resolution was unanimous'! P 00 "That this meeting of delegates of wurkil Gia dstonian Home Rulers, who accepteed see.' challenge of the ITnionist leadees. and visit fast in order to aseertain the time feelings at oer people on the Home Rule question, agree tholooor experience daring our stay in Aelfast coo tbs. convictions thateHom firfor e Rule is necessall .og better government of Ireland, and anYtbvietbst' have)earned daring our visit , goes to Pr° telt"- the objection of the people of Polfast is ono,i°chteee gious intolerance." This is a decision Test Unionists of their own accord challenged' A„to. ICS cannot, therefore, complain ife they are n give due weight to it. l: A report on infantile ninrtelit;fei Infantile mortality. been prepared by Dr. 011'1' 001 cal- Officer of Birminglieltise' fie are contains a wealth, of suggestion to those Terfoos interested in ,social questions. Out 01 soill; thousand children born in Birminghsm OVcthe! like one hnndred and, sagenty die bei.t iO,Oll reach the age of twelve months. And, iteseies*oi fair to remember that Birmingham iS ntaiity ception, for; the average infantile mor large English towns is one hundred and f, Fro; per thousa o nd,.and the llancashire towos oe t/a ton and Blackburn have reached as iligjead hundred and twenty seven and two hut ,i,ece °a four respectively. Tho appalling sigl3eidsfe,,, these figures may be realized when it is that the general death rate is little oe:ite' th; per thousand of the, population. WI! oeente,ef causes of this anunal slaughter of the In the chl Judging by the eeport of Dr. 1.1; to sne'ito ,1 causes sre ignorenee and poverty, 04 t...f extent,,crime. Ignorance, as diselsYsaurober vie feeding of infants,, claims the largest n_bilerece _ victims. "The improper feeding of.' ,ose I.n:a practically slow starvation," and, eta 'aro isle properly large- numbers of ellildr,e° roe elbe the report gives ample evidence, 'ferreelorea, seem to be of opinion that an Want s ot peg to old can digest anything which eleeis gieeeve with an adult, and, indeed,, nnes-3..tedy des' rat, :infants which an adult person would nu ethe tiatilthe to swallow. Milk is pre-Mein-0"-Y eives „le food of infancy, yet childrer are ofteoiniceligotieo t coinn; "moat unwholesome, eeuetritious, part. t_ bottiore messes," of which milk foeins no foods are sour milk out 01 d.,Leelt Pio bread and water (a diet to be borfleon7stirees sons only for a week),. etrowroot—S 2corti milk, but often with water otll/: starch, and other eimilae substance ,:- CO 1.,„ scarcely any nourishment, and circiu by initio„ they are indigeatible." It is not s e's_o;cie oi: an infant can get out of them, fore, that Dr. HILL has come toi tvindot 0'; "that the majority of infants iy eeorence tee to the le too • year old are sacriticed every /Of enrpsee:-in t a.Lvne their parents." One ant ot lot three children who died in 13irMiogn

Of

was suffocated by its parents, a regrettable feature When it is remembered that such deaths are nearly always the result of either the carelessness, the intemperance, or even the crime of the parent. hi looking out for remedies or preventives of excessive infantile mortality it is curious to note how little the death-rate of children is influenced by sanitary improvements. In Birmingham Improved sanitation has lessened the general death-rate by something like twelve per cent., yet there has been no reduction in that of the chil- dren ; and, generally speaking, the same peculiar- ity has been observable throughout the country. 14°st people will, therefore, agree with Dr. HILL, When he says that social rather than sanitary agencies must he looked to for effecting the desired reduction in infantile mortality. Dr. HILL is, too, aPParently pretty much of the same opinion with regard to child insurance as Mr. JUSTICE WILLS, Whose remarks upon that subject we commented uPon recently. According to the Medical Officer of Birmingham the regulation of infant life insur- ance might be undertaken with advantage to Infant health and life.

Significant Mr. GLADSTONE returned to Lon- a Deciaration. don from Hawarden on Monday, and in a brief speech which he raade at Chester Station he used some rather not- "le words. After remarking that it would be better to reserve for further opportunities what he had to say with regard to the nature of the oPposition in Parliament, he added : "There may be an improvement ; but whether there is an majority, illTrovernent or not, a majority after all is a and I think you will find that there is nn spirit whideficiency in the masculine and determined ch is, at all events, characteristic of our °°untrynien, and that the res,ilt will be such as :on desire." Now, what those Mr. GLADSTONE 11 addressing most ardently desired was that he nould in_sist upon respect for the constitutionally ex.. pressed will of the country in the face of obstruc- tal°n and threats, and if his words,cautious as they re, mean that he is resolved to meet with a do- COWont the flagrant obstruction that is iv . ranapant in the House of Commons they ill awaken a responsive chord in the breast of every Liberal in the country. For there is now ° getting b the 14 eyond the fact that, in regard r --°rne Rule Bill, the Government is face to Isittee with undisguis.A and undiluted obstruction. °n° of the amendments that are proposed and of the discussions that take place are for the Vrpose of improving or altering the Bill. The cinrY leaders, from the Marquis of SALISBURY ,°wllwards, have openly avowed that they will not ave the Bill in any shape or form, and 110 secret la.. made of the intention to use their majority in ho House of Lords to throw out the Bill, no matter in what guise it may be "sent up." For Nhat object, then, aro these innumerable amend- ments concocted, and these endless discussions f,rtted on ? 'lYaste time,Clearly, for no other purpose than and to delay the other reforms that aro on atruction, the Guvernment programme. This is ob- pure and simple. As such the country r"°gn4es it, and in dealing with it as obstruction °light to be dealt with the Government will be amply supported by public opinion.

r 44118 BOTTLE TRADE OF LANCASHIRE. since thesettlement of the strike the Lancashire s bottle manufacturers have secured some very rod orders, and there is every prospect that with- the next fortnight the St. Helens works will be iNvn full swing. On Thursday nearly every chimney emitting smoke (l men who scarcely expected WO,Fir k would be found them, are being sent for. warNtrißußglLLaLA. 9 1%7E1:ED.-3. and W. DUTTON, Sankey-et. A Burvromwoon FARM FOE SALE. At the Lion'llutel, IVarrington, on Wednesday, Mr. Thomas Sutton, auctioneer, offered for sale by Public auction, Forest Farm, Tanhouse-lane Bur- tonwood, with all the appurtenances therto: Bid- ding opened at £3,000, and reached .£4,000, but as this was below the reserve price the property was Withdrawn. It, is probable that a sale by private treaty will be effected. atiV_OAIRISONABLI3 OFFER REFUSED, it made at Once , urniture Warehouse, Bridge Foot, Warrington. Q e fuller Adv., page 4.—rldrt. THE HOME IRON TRADE. P ket. natters continue quiet in the English iron mar- iii • ig-iron generally is steady, but with little e in th de e demand. Finished iron remains in a ..a.lressEel condition. The tinplate branch main- !ns its recent movement. The steel trade, on the nole, shOWs further signs of amelioration. Ship- netai,tildveerras and engineers are quiet. The coal trade is brisk.—fron. 17.'4'4'1,111 • DARLI,D, Ironmonger. Warrington and .‘arleatmen' ""s.— PATIIF.TIC DEATH OF A VOLUNTItEII. At•Northwicii, on Wednesday, the funeral took thiliacefilvn ‘-,ith military honours, of Corporal Poole, of ompany, I;;orthwicti Rifles. Poole was in at Conway during the brigade training last theoek. lle was seized with pneumonia, and a 1.,. .,. Dr. Pritchard remained, after the camp was •,,rnek last Saturday, to attend to him, he sue- CUltbed to the disease. He leaves a wife and six children. Representatives of several battalions vihiCh were in camp attended the funeral, and a IgaPutation from Warrington would have attended, ut through a misunderstanding no one went. at itousgani.D Lm,fr, hemmed and marked, free charge.—J and W. Dur Torr. Sankey-st.—Adot. Si. HELENS VOLUNTEERS AND THE BISLEY MEETING. The following members will represent the 2nd v•l3. South Lancashire Regiment (St. Helens) in competing for the Queen's and St. George's prises, t the Bisley meeting in July :—Lieutenant F. r,White, Armourer-Sergeant F. J. West, Sergeants W. werryliouse and C. C. Wilson, Corporals J. Foster, rt. Norbury, R. Preston, G. Taylor, and J. Bagley, Lance-Corporal A. G. Liptrot, Privates A. Forsyth, Et• 11PGill, T. A. Lockie, and R. Campbell. Corporals W. J. Milligan and W. K. Glover are to shoot for the fifteenth place. Recruit W.Lockie,having won the N.R.A. bronze medal last year, will be entered for the Queen's. BRIM BEDSTEADS.—J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-street, Warrindon. PARAFFIN LAMP AC;IDENT AT ST. Ilni.nss.—A

===== 0002601_18930603_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
Imilwaiww4,;44,440.444-4'1404

gy Mr. WILLIAM ELLIS.

liftonw.

ROCHE'S H ELBAL EMBROCATION.

_/.

RiLsto £l,OOO ?,fnterest. £6 168. per &ID). Porapectua free. South.taneashira Company; 2T;2haaenaaase-st, Manchester.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMAN SERIOUSLY BURNED.

About ten o'clock on Wednesday night, an elderly Widow named Forshaw, residing at 63, St. Helens. was seriously burned by the upsetting of a paraffin lamp. She was carrying the lamp up- stairs, when it caught against a door at the top lind fell from her hand. The oil quickly ignited and set fire to her clothing, while the blazing oil an down the stairs and into the room. The woman rushed out into thd street, where a couple of men "PDressed the flames arising from her clothing, %hile several neighbours extinguished the fire on the stairs and in the room Dr. Fred Knowles was 19:11uediately summaned to the injured woman, and he found her so terribly burned about the body that he Ordered her removal to the Providence Hospital. ' x2s. TO 54. IN THE 2, OFF, on all cash orders at U. W. "It Ttsn's, Furniture W-,rehouse Bridgt!-Foot, Warrington. --See fuller advt.', page 4. -Advt. Pn —lxtnosit LEAGUE MEETING AT DARESBURT. The anneal meeting of the Daresbury Habitation of the Primrose League was held inthe Court House 9n Saturday evening. Mr. Walter Jones presided, lan the unavoidable absence of Lady Greenall. The 1 Fcounts showed a balance on the wrong side of .£9 ' , Scl. Lady Greenall Was unanimously re-elected !failing Councillor. Mr. Wynne Jones was elected d‘rettsurer, in consequence of Mr. Walter Jones ',rifling to continue in office, and Mr. Phillips /1.8 re-elected secretary. The wardens were aP- 1 rlnted as follows :—Acton Grange. Mr. Burgess and Mr. Jenkins: Daresbury, Mr. Ellison and Mr.; 3"es Hatton, Miss Hatton and Mr. Hewikt ; Tockwick. Mr. Thomas Weir agid Mr. Proom ; ,°r", Mr. Charles De Prez, Mr. Peter Gleave, and yi Arthur De Prez ; Newton, Mr. Walter Darby- and Mr. Ralph Tickle; Preston Brook, Mr. /)11 Whitlow, Mr. John Whitlow, Mr. Thomas r",:„IYi and Mr. Joseph Tickle ; Walton Superior, rn• Weir auu liso Greenall ; Wal:on Inferior, John Weir.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

- - - THE LICENSE OF THE WATERMAN'S ARMS, Queen-st., Runcorn, was transferred at Runcorn Police Court, on Monday, from Evan Roberts tn Thomas Williamson.

THE RUNCORN KICITING CASE. Mr. James Ilan .11., at Runcorn Folice. Court, yester- day, again reinmded Joseph Fincgan for a week on a charge of unlawfully wounding Frank Lycien by kicking him.

ALLEGED THEFT DT BOYS AT RUNCORN. At Runcorn Police Court, yesterday, before Mr. Hand- ley, Thomas Collins (15), John Roden (10), Enoch Shaw (8), Stephen Rose (9), were remanded until Monday on a charge of stealing 3s. from an outhouse in Lowlands- road, the property of Daniel Shakeshaft. When in want of a. CHASTE and ELEGANT WEDDING Or BIRTHDAY PRESENT go to PRITCHARD'S, 51, High-st.—Alot. DAMAGING THE TICKET OFFICE AT RUNCORN. At Runcorn Police Court on Thursday, before Mr. Janes Handley, a man named Wm. O'Neil, was fined 23. and 17s. 101. costs, for damaging the ticket office at the Rnncorn end of Itincorn Bridge. He had a dis- pute with the collector about his change and smashed three panes of glass. THE ALLEGED WOUNDING CASE AT WIDNES. • At Widnes Police Court, on Monday, Catherine Burns and Patrick Burns, 34, Major Cross-St., were further remanded for a week on a charge of wounding James Burke, od the 6th inst. Mr. Knowles, who defended, said the injured man had quite recovered,but the doctor was away, therefore the ease could not be proceeded with. JOSEPH PRITCHARD, Watchmaker and Jeweller, 51, High- at., Ruacorn.—Advt. A BAxisre's CLAIM FOR WAGES AT WIDNES. On Thursday at Widnes Petty Sessions before Mr. G. Pilkington and Lieutenant Colonel Gaskell, Jonn Collier, 34, Bedford-street, sued William Patin, baker, Ann- street, for £2 Sc. 4d., being' alclaim for two day's work done and a week's wages in lieu of notice of dismissal.— Mr. W. T. Husband was for the plaintiff.—A counter claim of 153. was made by Mr. Patin for loss of trade through Colliers neglect. The case for the plaintiff was that he stayed from work through illness, and when he again turned up, Mr. Palin told him to be gone. The defence was that the man was not ill but drinking.—At a suggestion from the Bench, Mr. Palma withdrew the counter claim, and a verdict was given for the plaintiff for 3.15. 4d., being two day's wages due to him. JOSEPH PRITCHARD, 51. High-street, Runcorn, keeps SPECTACLES GO sult. all sights, from a shilling a air.—Advt. THR NEW POST OFFICE AT RUNCORN. The Post officials of Runcorn, removed from their old dark and inconvenient office in High-st., orf Thurs- day, into the new premises prepared for them in Vic- toria Buildings, Savages Bridge. The new offices are handsome, commodious, well finished, capitally arranged and well ventilated. There is, every convenience for both the public and the officials in all departments of postal work. The office is part of an imposing pile of buildings which are an ornament to the town, con- structed by Messrs. Farrell and Son, for Mrs. S. E. Speakman, wife of Mr. P. Speakman, J.P., C.C., Mr. Rimmer is the architect. In a few days the Williams, Deakin and Manchester and Salford Bank will occupy handsome offices in the buildings. PRITCHARD'S have now stood the test for fifty years, and quality and first-class workmanship are still guaranteed.— Advt. HEROIC DEED BY A SIGNALMAN AT RUNCORN. About half-past seven on Thursday evening, George Woods, the signalman at Ditton Bank box,between Dit- ton and Runcorn, observed a man walking in the direction of Runcorn Bridge, in the fourfoot of the down line to Liverpool. An express goods train was coining down, but the man continued on his way wildly waving his bands apparently to stop the train. On came the train hut the man made no effort to get away and his death would have been certain when Woods ran to him picked him up, and carried him out of danger, just as the train dashed past. The man was given into the custody of the police, to whom he described himself as a labourer named Jonn Smith,of Granville-at., Runcorn, He was brought before the Mayor, at Widnes, on a charge of being a wandering lunatic, and he was com- mitted to the Workhouse.

If you want your WATCH REPAIRED by skilled workmen take it tO PRITCHARD'S.—Adrt BRUNSWICK IMPROVEMENT CLASS, RUNCORN RAMBLING CLUB.

The second outing in co-n-si-e-ction with this club took place on Saturday. The place selected was Dunadale, Overton, the seat of Mr. John Simpson, senior Superin- tendent of the school. The party numbered 50, and were conveyed in brakes, provided by Mr. Thos. Booth, Church-st. On their arrival they were received by Mr. 1 Simpson, who expressed the pleasure it gave bim to meet them. He 'conducted them round the grounds, and pointed out to the party many objects of interest. The party then had tea on the lawn in picnic style. Miss Spearing, of Church-st., catered for the party in admir- able style. After tea, Mr. D. Bisbrown moved a resolu- tion thanking Mr-Simpson for his kindness. In doing so he said that they were glad to offer a few words of kindly appreciation to Mr. Simpson as he was always to the fore in every good work. The proposition was seconded by Mr. J. H. Darlington, secretary of the class, it was supported by Mr. John Birkett, and carried with acclamation. Mr. Simpson replied in suitable terms. After this the group were photlgraphed by Mr. James Pickthall, a member of the committee. A numoer of pieces were sung, and games were indulged in. The party returned, arriving at Runcorn at 9.30, having had a most enjoyable out. Go to PRITCHARD'a, 51. nigh-street. Runcorn, for the Lest FIVE GUINEA. WATCH a workingman can have.—Adv 5. FIEENVELL OF THE Rev. R. MEDILEJOHN OF WIDNES. The Rev. R. Meiklejohn, senior "curate of Widnes parish, preached his farewell sermons on Sunday, pre- vious to commencing his duties at Hastings. He occu- pied the pulpit at the Parish Church in the morning, and in the evening at St. Paul's Church. He said if any of them had received benefit from his ministry thcri it had not been in vain.—On Monday evening a meeting of the St. Paul's Bible Class took place, when on behalf of the members,Councillor F. Neil presented Mr. Meikle- john with a handsome gold watch, hearing the follow- ing inscription, " Presented to the Rev. 11. Meiklejohn, by the members of his Bible Class and other friends as a token of their esteem, May, 1893."—Councillor Neil said Mr. Meiklejohn's kind words and sympathy have been the means of cheering and comforting many a heart,and the active interest he had taken in the sports of the youth of the town had had an elevating influence. In fact his influence had been felt throughout the parish.— Remarks of an appreciative character were also made by Messrs. F. Smith and J. C. Crawford.—Mr. J. Bingham, on behalf of the Women's Bible Class, presented Mr. .Meiklejohn with a silver mounted walking stick. In acknowledging the gifts, Mr. Meiklejohn, thanked the members for their kindness to him and said he was sorry to leave Widnes, but it had been arranged that he was to go and he would have to do so. ACCIDENT TO A LURRY3IA.Y.

On Tuesday evening, Alfred Sudlow, second son of Mr. Wm. Sadlow, met with a painful accident while following his occupation as a lurryman at Messrs. Rylands' wireworks, Church-street, War- rington. He was engaged loading, when a bag of staples, which was sbout to be lowered, fell on him as he was standing on the lurry. He was struck on the head and shoulders, and rendered uncon- scious. On being taken home he remained in an unconscious condition for three hours, but after- wards passed a good night.

IMPERIAL FIRE EXTINGIIIIMIERS.--GARLAND, Ironmdriger Warrington.

SCHOOL BOARD ELECTION AT DARESBURY. The following twelve persons are nominated as condidates for membership at the Daresbnry United District School Board :—Alfred Broome, Crow Nest Farm, Ileckwick,larmer ; Thomas smith Burgess, Rows Wood, Walton Superior. estate agent ; John Cooper. Walton Superior,corn dealer ; Philip Derby- shire, Newton, former ; Peter Weave, Moore, pro- vision dealer ; Henry Mawdesley, Queesty Birch Farm, llatton, farmer; Chas. Wm. Phillips, Dares- bury, licensed victualler ; George Rodger, Newton Bank, shipping merchant ; William Speed, Newton, waterman ; Joseph Spruce,Preston-o'th-Illll,farmer; Peter Tickle, Manor Farm, Preston Brook, farmer ; Rev. Thomas Whitley, Dareshury Vicarage. On Saturday, a poll will be taken, r.nd will commence at twelve o'clock nvon and close at eight p.m.

THE E

THESGS HEARD AND SEEN AT ItUNCORN.

BY AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT.

After hearing Mr. Hocking's lecture on " John Bull in his best clothes" at Bethesda Church on Monday evening, an occasional correspondent eased bia soul of the following lines. All glory to me, John Bull, Of pride I am always full And iniQhry swag. None other 'fore me can stand, For I'm first 4, every land, On bleak or on sunny straw], God bless my brag I

That was a capital description of the modern drawing room. meant to be looked upon but not used. Tlki table legs in trousers, the piano in a pinafore, the chairs in chintz, and a stretcher on the carpet.

Through the death of Mr. Henry Coward, the Board of Commissioners loses the assistance of a practical and farseeing man, and the regret of the mem hers is expressed elsewhere. Mr. Coward was a man of strict, integrity and honour, and he will he much missed in the sphere in which he moved. The funersi on WednesdAy was a tnitgnificont demon- stratiou to his eiiariteti,ir worth.

There were five deaths from smallpox in Run- corn during the past month, but I am in tornird that the disease is again on the decline. Dr. Mcamigall's statement that the disease is not due to any un- sanitary conditions will be reassuring, and Mr. Wiswall's description of the Rustling of the sewer and syphon will set at rest the rumouts that have been afloat. '

Mr. Humphreys seems to be pursued by an un- kind fate. Nearly the whole of his proposals to the Commissioners seem to be entirely rejected or have an untimely end. His idea with regard to dividing the town into wards was well worth carry- out, and the members openly approved of the prin- ciple, but all the same " chucked 'the motion out. What a strange and wonderful difference there is between principle and practice. As Mr. Humphreys pointed out it would be well if the members carried their pious opimions into action. Mr. Taylor would appear to have lost all faith in the County Council and therefore abstained from voting He declined, I infer to be a party to sending a proposal which judging by the past actions of the County Council would be unceremoniously rejected.

The annual meeting ef Runcorn Commissioners should be held in the course of a few weeks, and the Chairman appointed. Who is to be Mr. Wis- wall's successor ?

Congratulations to Mr. ,and Mrs. Philip Ernest Speakman and hearty wishes for a happy and pros- perous life.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
:fi:,=-",::''',._;:,:•..-•••,',

===== 0002601_18930603_art0065.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_18930603_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH AND FUNERAL OF MR. COWARD

OF ItUNCOItN.

There was interred in Runcorn Cemetery, on Wednesday afternoon,wit h all the pomp of military display, the mortal remains of Mr. Henry Coward, builder and codtractor, and licensed victualler. For several months Mr. Coward had suffered from a painful illness, and notwithstanding that Dr. McDougall (who called Dr. Glynn of Liverpool into con- sultation) could do, he expired on Saturday night. A native of Overton Marlborough, Wilts, Mr. Coward ' came to Runcorn 30 years ago, and was engaged as a ' joiner by Mr. Henry White, builder. A smart and capable workman he rapidly acquired the position of foreman, which position he held until ten years ago, when he commenced business on his own account, and he had since carried out several large contracts. For nearly a quarter of a century he had been a licensed victualler, keeping first the Duke of Wellington, in Per- cival-lane, and for the last twelve years the Derby Arms Hotel, Top Locks, where he breathed his last. Mr. Coward wasintimately associated with the Volunteer movement. He became a member of the local corps in 1804, in which he attained the rank of colour-sergeant. Two years ago he retired, hut was allowed the honour- able privilege of wearing his uniform, and had he lived until the Queen's birthday it is considered highly prob- able that he would have been further honoured. In his younger days Mr. Coward was an excellent shot,several silver cups testifying to his skill, and he was also an expert swordsman. For two years Mr. Coward had been a member of the Board of Commissioners, where his sound common sease and practical experience as a builder had been of the greatest value in camniittee work. In religion he was a Churchman and in politics a Conservative but those who differed from him both politically and socially, unite in testifying to the worth of the departed gentleman. He was straightforward, upright and honourable in all his dealings, and his generous disposition led him to do many acts of kindness, and charity in an unostentatious manner. He leaves a widow two sons and one daughter, as well as a stepson and a step-daughter to mourn his loss.• He had only attained the age of 53 yeara. The funeral on Wednesday afternoon was a fitting testimony to his worth. In the procession were repre= sentatives from the Board of Commissioners, the Licensed Victuallers' Association, the Oddfellows, the Volunteers, and many tradesmen, and friends were also present. The cortege was of an imposing description and. was viewed by large crowds of people who lined the road- ways up to the cemetery. The Commissioners present were :—F. Wiswall (chairman), H. J. Grice, W. Fisher, T. Lea, D. Bisbrown, W. Leach, R. Abel, Dr. Mangan, S. Taylor, J. B. Holland (treasurer), F. A. Lake (law- clerk ), E. Marshall (secretary), M. Barker (surveyor), J. Wilding (assistant surveyor), J. Percival (sanitary inspector), W. Garratt (market superintendent), and W. Sutton (assistant overseer), and W. Mellor, and H. White (ex-members of the Board). Then came the members of the Licensed Victualler? Association, namely T. Jones, .1. Coxhill, W. R. Wass, G. Mason, G. Turley, John Linton, G. Florsefleld, 11. Cirunclv, W. Anderton, A Hough, H. Darlington, F. Rowles, T. -Moores, J. Jones, T. Anderton, C. Dutton, Thomas Lea (representative of inincietsfid. and Grieves, Edinboro'), T. White, W. flultne T. cv J. Woods, Joseph Smith, Harrison, Alfred thoEohdl gel di ms roweni; oreNewrVes. members 3J is .(or, jhbsee. o,rrns,sa, nßoJdfo. be'yhrxteatlyieli4oTin, .anwd.TL.oßdlgeeaseo.f IF.tovroi Poet Wright, pr .apn.doL„obdig. ea Treasurermo n g s t Thomas ,fpcißr .r.rmeo,Bßrn.oo.orudmaoirs.,eresioe.followed, epsCook,p,p. . DdsPper (Pi sGiri .mhei G. ata.Noacri. amongst ereyec;es. rns ; Apz, ,Robert Roberts, P.P.G.M. ; H. P.G. ; Wm. Sherrrtt, P.P. Gtioirliteal. tri:erahernolum.lrra.::; vp' Tel nOon rokiveseub,rdu. lrewJvyo,m,llNn. secretary; . Powell o.lwi ;veel J. CI bmoePli Frankng EtTc .raavvpdte.asHijmnoaei ulnEndslatioeinynsd:, Captain Shaw, John Sefton, fl. Caddick, T. Forster, Thos. Cooper, H. Ha nkinson, W. Bancroft, H. Houghton James Broadhurst, W. Nickson, Jonathan florsefield, Samuel Worrall, R. Hampson, W. Dyer. R. Goodier, J. Pegg, R. Marsh, Thomas Robinson, Wm. Shaw, Wm. Crosby, E. Owens, John Dykes, John Garrett, J. Pen- nington, and Richard Morris. The volunteer band of 28 members, under the leadership of Sergeant Guth- waite, occupied a position in the procession here and added solemnity to the occasion hy 'slaying the Dead March. Following was the doctor's carriage con- taining Dr. McDougall, then came the hearse through whose open side could be seen the handsome brass mounted polished oak coffin,upon which were the accou- trements of the deceased. The roof of the con- veyance was piled with floral tributes. Along- side the hearse marched the bearers, who were ser- geants of the F and G Companies of the 2nd C.R.V., viz. Colour-Sergeant Mort, Colour-Sergeant Poole, Sergeants Harvey, Holmes, Platt, Williams, Cooper, and Rushton. The coachfs were immediately behind. In the first were Mr. F. G. Coward (son), H. Coward (son), J. Eccleston (stepson), S. Coventry (cousin) ; and in the second coach the following friends : Mr. Brewer. Mr. Bustard, Super- intendent Large and James Ditchfield. The Volunteers, of whom there were 40 including the bugle band, brought up the rear and the officers present were Cap- tain D. D. Ashton, Captain G. Ashton, Sergeant Player (drill instructor), and Quartermaster-Sergeant Rankin- son. Arrived at the cemetery where hundreds of people were congregated, the crffin was conveyed into the church where the Rev. C. 'F. Montgomery read the burial service. At the graveside the liev. Dr Preston. chaplain to the Volunteers, concluded the service and delivered a brief address. The duties of undertaker were efficiently conducted by Mr. R. Morris, of High-st., and Messrs. Yarwood bros., supplied the hearse and coaches. Wreaths were placed upon the grave from Mrs. Shore (sister), Family, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Bless, Mr. Craddoek, Mr. Thomas Jones, Mr. T. Moore, Mr. and Mrs. J. Horsefield, Mr. and Mrs. J. I)lYes, Mrs. Broadhurst, from Annie, Mr. and Mrs. J. Ditchfield, Mr. and Mrs. Abel, Mr. and Mrs. Coventry, Mr. and Mrs. White, Mr. and Mrs. Anderton, Mr. and Mrs. Price, Messrs. W . and H. Hankinson, Mr. and Mrs. Hulse, Miss A. Lewis, Sergeants of F. and G. Companies 2nd C.R.V., Mr. and Mrs. Eccleston, Mr. and Mrs. Hedley, Mr. and Mrs. Caddick, Mrs. Fitton, Mr. Davies, Captains D. and G. Ashton.

On Monday, at the St. Helens Police Court, a labourer named William Hogan, of Napier-4., was fined 199. for stealing a brick carrier's hod from some shops in courts of erection in Church-st., brdonging to Owen Owens.— Michael Johnson, aged 16, of Oreenbank,who had twice previously been convicted for larceny, was sent to gaol for two months for stealing a jacket and other things value 6s. 6d., the property of John Harrison,l workman, from Messrs. Cannington, Shaw and Co's bottleworks.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0067.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18930603_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
A MINER, SATUE

MARRIAGE OF MR. ERNEST SPEAKMAN, OF RUNCORN.

A marriage of which Runcornians evinced great interest took place at Holy Trinity Parish Church, Twickenham, on Thursday afternoon. The union was between Al 18S Edith Laura, only daughter of the late Mr. Alfred Charles Stearns and Mrs. Stearns of Radnor House, Twickenham and Mr. Philip Ernest Speakman, second son of Mr. Philip Speakman, J.P., C.C., of the Mount, Higher Runcorn. While the family of Speakman is universally known in this part of Ches. hire, the steams enjoy a similar popularity in their own neighbourhood, and long before the arrival of the wed- ding party, the church was filled to its utmost capacity. The interval was agreeably filled by Mr. C. E. Jolley, who played upon the organ, music appropriate to the occasion. The numerous and distinguished guests having taken their places the bridal party arrived. The bride, who was charmingly attired in a white satin dress trimmed with Brussels lace, and tulle veil, was escorted by her uncle Mr. Arthur Stearns, who gave her away. In attendance were six bridesmaids, Miss Eva Stearns, MissSpeakman, Miss A. Drabble, Miss Sybil Bristowe, Miss Constance Thorpe. and Miss Jessie Stearns, and these young ladies were dressed in white silk costumes, and white lace hats with white feathers. Adorning each of their necks was a half moon pearl brooch, with pearl star, the gift of the bridsgroorn, and in their hands they carried lovely bouquets of Marechal Neil roses. Mr. Thos. W. Speakman, brother of the bridegroom, acted as beat man. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. David Anderson, rector of St. George's, Han- over Square, assisted by the Rev. P. B. Drabble, vicar of Holy Trinity Parish, Twickeaham. The service was fully choral, the choir singing during the progress of the interesting event " The voice that breathed o'er Eden and " 0 Perfect love all human thought transcending." The usual formalities having been observed in the yes- try,the organ pealed forth Mendelsslin'a Wedding March as the bridal party left the sacred edifice. Subsequently Mrs. Stearns held a reception at Radnor House, and the presents many of which were of unusual value, and beauty, were inspected with interest. Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Speakman were overwhelmed with congratula- tions of their numerous friends and in the course of the afternoon departed for Scotland where the honeymoon will be spent. In Runcorn, Widnes, and Sutton Weaver where Mr. Speakman is well known flags arid bunting were flying in honour of the event.

In the evening, the firm of Messrs. Speakman enter- tained the staff to dinner at Wilson's Hotel, Mr. C. Dutton, the proprietor, putting a capital repast before the guests. Mr. William Carroll presided, and after the cloth had been cleared, expressed regret that no member of the firm was present, but it was the wish of Mr. Speakman that they should thoroughly enjoy themselves on that auspicious occasion. The toast "'rho Queen" having been duly honoured, the Chairman proposed the health of the bride and bridegroom. He did so, he said, with very great sa' isfaction because the toast included the health of one whom they all not only esteeinecl, but loved—Mr. Earnest Speakman. (Applause.) In Mr. Ernest they had a thorough English gentleman—a worthy son of a w‘rthy sire, and a geetlernan who at all times was very thoughtful of the welfare and well being of all with whom he was connected. (Applause.) lie (the Chairman) hoped that the union that had taken place that day would be one that would bring to both bride and bridegroom nothing only joy and happiness and that their lives would le both prolonged and pros- perous, such as would add joy to Mr. Speakman's, (the father's) declining years. Lie was sure that in using this language he was only echoing tlw feelings of all present, and that they would heartily drink the toast.—The toast was drunk with musical lismours.—Mr. W. Neild gave the sentiment " Our Employers," and commented upon the fair and generous manner in which they dealt with their servants. The toast was drunk with enthusiasm and the singing of " For they are jolly good fellows."—The Chairman said it would give him great pleasure to intimate to the firm the kind words they had given expression to through Mr. Mild, and he could assure them that their sentiments would be heartily re- eiprocated.—Mr. Clarke the oldest servant of Messrs. Speakman proposed " Prosperity to the Firm," which was duly toasted, and the health of the chairman, the manager of the firm, was drunk with musical honours. Other toasts were also given. The pleasure of those ' present WAS enhanced by ,pianot.rte solos played by Mr. J. Temperley, and by songs given by Messrs. W. Neild, A. Riley, J. Chamberlain, John Turner, F. Leath- wood and Parker. A most enjoyable eNeling was brought to a close by singing the National Anthem. Yesterday (Friday) Mrs. Stearns entertained at Radnor House the members of the local habitaion of the Prim- rose League, of which she is the ruling councillor, the members of the Twickenham Local Board, and represen- tatives or the various branches of the public service. The lawns, which slope gently down to the Thames and adjoin those of Pope's Villa, the residence of Mr. Labouchere, were prettily illuminated, and the guests were permitted to inspect the many valuable wedding presents, tastefully arranged together. The following is a list of the presents :—Set of Honi- 'ton lace, d'oyleys, oak piano and stool, gilt table, two oil paintings (by Holland), old China vase, Mrs. Alfred Stearns ; case of cutlery, silver mounted water jug, glasses,and spirit decanter,Mr.W.A.Stearns; six silver salt cellars ; six silver salt cellars and spoons, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Stearns; silver pepperettes (Pairt),Miss Eva and Miss Jeseie Stearns ; pair of fish carvers, Messrs. Arthur and E. C. Stearns ; mounted photographer, Mr. Arthur Stearns. jun. ; silver tea and coffee I service, and tray, Mr. J. G. Chillingworth ; I case of fish knives and forks, Mrs. J. G. Chillingworth ; pair of silver candlesticks, Dr. and Mrs. Bristoloe ; case of table silver, twelve Egyptian finger bowls, Mr. T. IV. Speakman ;' silver entree dish, Miss and Mr. Eaton I Speakman ; silver mounted cut glass claret jag Mr. A. 'Speakman : screen, Mrs. Speakman ; two oil paintings, (by A. Dumas), and cheque, Mr. Speakman ; silver sugar I basin and sifter, Mr. and Mrs. Dmettl.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. JON AMBULANCE ASSOCIATION,

RUNCORN BRANCH.

An examination was conducted by Dr. W. Lees, of Chester, in connection with the local branch Of the above association, on May 18th, and a most favourable report has been received by the hon. secretary, Mr. W. Epps, which reflects great credit upon the hon. lecturer, Dr. McDougall. In the ladies' class 15 presented themselves for examination, of whom 13 were successful ; while in connection with the male classes, 23 were examined for the first time, 11 for the second, and 10 for the third and final examin- ation. Of these 20 passed the first, while the whole of those attending tor the second and third times were suc- cessful. The following is a list of the successfel candi- dates :—Mrs. Allen, Mrs. Abel, Mrs. Bosworth, Mrs. Marshall, the Misses Dobson, Littler, Millington, Main- ley, Rogerson, Stubbe, Statham, Tatters, and Edith Tatters ; Messrs. Bushell, Bartlett, Branch, Hardy, Bos- worth, W. J. Davenport, Foulkes, Gates, T. Grounds, W. Grounds, Lee, Morrss, Rutter, Newell, Oliver,Quayle, L. Rosenberg, R. C. Rosenberg, Riley, J. D. Smith, arid Oliver.—Second examination : Messrs. It. R. Clark, F. W. Clark, John Clark, Richards, H. Davenport, Juett, 1). Smith, Taylor, Beckett, Worth, Woolley.—Third ex- amination : Messrs. Clare, Henderson, Fierpoint, 'Carle- ton, Bankes, Shaw, Rhodes, Epps, Bonfield, Copper.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
FItO.DSII33I.

PeNttEyWSllPs°siZil' R, rns, .--naC O.n i,istrates Wedn, esday, at the Frodsham Meisr.S. James Reynolds and James Flandley, affixed their signatures to a now t: poor rate of is. In the £, estimated to produce 1:655 13s. id. FRODSHAM WATER SUPPLT.—The Clerk (Colonel Ashton) has reported to toe Frocisham Parochial Committees that he had called at the offices of the Local Government Board with reference to the proposed inquiry which is to be held with regard to the Frodsham water supply, when he was informed that as soon as the Government Inspector for the district Was at liberty he would arrange to hold the inquiry. A long discussion ens Jed, and it was resolved that the Clerk write to the Local Govern- ment Board pressing them to fix the date of the inquiry as the water supply to the inhabitants of Frodshain is most urgent. A supplementary report was read from Dr. J. Carter Bell, with regard to the recent analysis of water from the borehole, from which it appeared that he was of opinion the water had no action upon lead, and was, therefore, a very good class of water. LY MM.

-- RETURN OF TRH VOLUNTERRS.—About half-past four on Saturday afternoon, the Ly mm Volunteers returned home from their week's sojourn at Conway camp for the annual training. The corps, which numbered about 100 strong, marched throJgh the streets headed by the regi- mental band. -

A COTTAGE ON FIRE.—At about half-past eight on Sun- day morning, smoke was seen issuing out of the win- dows of a cottage in Rush-green, Lvmm, in the occuoa- tion of a labourer named John White. Upon the out- break being discovered, the door of the house was knocked loudly at in order to rouse the inmates, but no response being given, the alarm was conveyed to a policeman, who was in the neighbourhood,and he imme- diately effected an entrance into the house, which was full of blinding smoke. The fire was located in the first floor hedroom,where the floor was blazing. With the assistance of people who had gathered around the house the extent of the fire was lessened, :and the brigade, which had arrived while the police were labouring indus- triously, succeeded In entirely extinguishing the flames shortly after their arrival. Tho tenants of the house, it appeared, left home on Sp.turdav tot a holiday trip, and ! how the fire has occurred is at p-reont a mystery. The only explanation that is ;it preseu4 offered is based on I.h.- discovery of two matches which were found lying on the floor close to a heap of hines, which was partly con- sumed, and it is sup Posed that one of the family before leaving the house accidentally kieheit off the head )f lane of the matches, and that a spark alighted among the been, thus cat:sing the been to ignite and smoulder.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
• - , • . • . - - ~, ~- --.- ~ . 1 '.. ' .• , -..;_.+ -• .‘. ~-•-- --,.. , -- :-...-.,' ', ~- ,-' , ---.." - . c. '-- • . '".' -'' :.--' ', ' -.07.3.7-,..777T-1.';'774-7Dr.'7-'• ...'4l_ , , . .. , .. . , . . . . - . , . . ..'''i .. • A ... t . . 'DA : JUNE '3, 1893. ~.,• • •,.. . , •---..t.7-1. , .._. . , , 4 ,

RUNCORN BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS.

I BANK QUAY SOAP WORKS SOCIAL

SOCIETY.

week, at Bank Quay. But the preoccupation of busi- ness and the stern necessity for what he had frequently referred to as "Ship discipline," and he could not find a better expression for that graduated authority which indispensible in a concern like theirs—that and exigen- cies of titne put the atnenities of friendly intercourse eg a general rule wholly out of the question. But there, these obstacles were out of the way. They met at their leisure on neutral ground, and it would be a pleasure to him to come to one of their annual mains, were it only as an earnest of good feeling. (Applause.) They need not pretend to be bosom friends. The circumstances he had just mentioned hardly admitted of that. But it was satisfactory to think that capital and labour were not always animated by the spirit of dire hatred, and that spite of occasional difference of opinion, there ought even to exist a certain amount of friendliness between them. He thanked them for a very pleasant evening. (Loud applause.) Mr. Lows proposed as a toast, the firm of Messrs. Crosfield and Sens. This was drunk with much en- thusiasm, and accompanied by three cheers and the singing of " For they are jolly good people." Mr. A. H. CHOSFIBLD, in replying. said he remembered some eight or ten years since, his Uncle George remark- ing that it was seldom a firm held a lc tiding positron in any branch of trade for three or four generations con- secutively. Towards the third generation, they began as a rule, he said to taper off. Well, gentlemen, they did not intend to taper off. (Cheers.) On the contrary, they intended to maintain,and he thought he might add, to extend their connection both at home and abroad. That was the intention of his brother and himself, and lie may add,of the senior of their firm—(applanse).—who had been connected with it, since, he thought, 1845, and all of them must hope would remain so for another I generation. (Applause.) And as regarded that inten- ion, iu spite of all competition, and speculative compe- tition, with which they had to contend—that sort of hit or miss business, which meant a wonderful success here and there, but also serious failure in other cases—in the teeth of all that competition and against business on sounder lines, he believed they should be able to achieve their purpose. (Hear, hear.) Mr. WILL/TT proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. A. H. Crosfiold for his presence with them that night. He was sorry that Mrs. J. J. Crosfield had been unable to stay with them, as she had an engagement that night. He also spoke of the good feeling existing between Messrs. Crosfield and their employes. Mr. T. Itatamve seconded the motion which was carried unanimously. Mr. Cuosrstp briefly replied and then bade theim goad night. A nutnber of songs ware afterwards elven by Messrs. T. Handles, D. Norman, J. Wilcock, E. Percival, R. Sewell, Hayden, Willett, and J. Allison, the last two gentlemen being encored. Mr. A.Long acted as accom- panist. Mr. D. Smith contributed a recitation, and a pleasant meeting concluded about ten o'clock.

The monthly meeting WitB held at the Town Hall on Thursday morning, Mr. F. Wiswall presided, and there were present Messrs. W. Fisher, J. Pritchard, S. Taylor, T. Lea, E. W. Humphreys, W. Hankinson, J. Meadowcroft, D. Bisbrown, IL Abel, Dr. Mangan; F. A. Lake (law clerk), E. Marshall (sec.), F. McDougall (medical officer), Mr. Barker (surveyor).

BOWLING MAIN AT TIIE CEMETERY INN.

MR. A. H. CRO,SFIELD ON GAMES.

A bowling main in connection with the Bank Quay Soap Works Social Society was held at the Cemetery Inn, on Saturday afternoon. A good number of the Soap Works employs were present, and there 'were also present Mr. John Crosfield, Mr. Arthur H. Crosfleld, Mrs. J. J. Crosfleld, Mr. Roseeti ; and the members of the committee,Messrs. J. Lawton, S. Welsby, J. Wiicock, T. Lowe, and Mr. J. Willett, secretary. There were 50 entries and Mr.A.ll.Cresfield presented the prizes to the prize winners. The following were the prize wlnnera..:—Mr. .1. Wilcock, copper kettle : Mr. S. Jones, copper kettle ; Mr. T. Handles, clock ; Mr. J. Handles, clock ; Mr. J. Smith, case of dessert spoons and forks ; Mr. P. Gleave, case of dessert spoons and forks ; Mr. E. Pessol, case of carvers, Mr. J. Jackson, knives and forks; Mr. S. Welsby, case of salts ; Mr. Jarvis Woods, case of spoons ; Mr. P. Hill, knives and forks ; Mr. J. iVillett, set of jugs ; Mr. T. Lowe, tea- -1 pot ; Mr. . Highain, set of jngs ; and Messrs. A. Chal- mers, S. Fullwood, J. Rigby, J. Toft, T. Gleave W. Weave, W. Bandies, W. Rhodes, D. Smith, L. Dobson, J. Unsworth, J. Middleton, each won a pocket knife. After the main was over, a substantial knife and fork tea was partaken of, a social meeting being afterwards held. he rttilri thought hat terßa°tshve7 hardi nl itnhees ot Liar that et ef iar isripcleeefcabtl gsaabilde secretary should again trot him out on the subject of bowls ; tor he knew very well, having had to submit to the ordeal of listening to them,that he had already made two speeches no later than the previous Thursday, on that interesting, but still not absolutely inexhaustible topic. Some of the latter orators had the faculty of be- ing able to put the same thing in a dozen different ways Lnd with a dozen varieties of language, so as to tnake it appear snore or less of a novelty each time. He had not that faculty, and therefore they must riot expect him to produce, as the saying went, a quart out of a pint pot. (Laughter.) To tell the truth,lie did not find,as time went on,that soap making and speech making were very easily COM bined. Another characteristic of latter-day oratory was, indeed, said to be that it was sometimes rather • frothy. But then he did not pretend to be ari orator. And if solt soap was supposed as a rule to go d very well—(laughter)—he could plead the very good excus- of being wholly inexperienced in the manufacture. What they turned out at Bank Quay was of the soundest and hardest quality. (A Voice : " it is the hardest any- way." ) (Laughter, and hear, hear.) Ile was much obliged for the compliment. (Laughter.) Hardness was the first requisite of a serviceable bit of soap. The fact was, gentle.nen, that the detail and policy of business had fora long time past absorbed more and more of one's time and thouehts,equally while at and away from Bank Quay ; so that, given a touch of the golfing fever, In addition there was not much room for anythicg else. As they all knew it was an age of specialities. In saying that, he did not refer to any particular brand turned out by themselves, or o:her rival soap firms, whether it be Imperfection, or" " Moonshine," or " Wrong Sort," or any other sort. (Laughter.) He simply referred to that concentratioe, which became raore and more indis- pensable, in whatever line a. man attempted to fight his way to success. And at any rate in the soap trade they had experienced for a good many years past, quite 10 much of what Mr. tilarlstone, the other day, termed "the rub of emulation," as is good for them. But as he remarked in the same admirafile little speech at Hewer- den, it was not intended that the bow should always be bent. The London" Daily Chronicle" might well say, Mr. Gladstone stood convicted of a fine inconsiatencyf fir if any man kept the bow at full stretch, Mr. Glad- stone himself had done so. But very few of them were able like him to go on unweariedly at high pressure, finding in change of occupation, their only relaxation. They needed after a day's work to turn steam off. (Hear hear.) And that was where bowls came in. He did not know of any other outdoor amusement, which as a comprehensive as well as handy recreation combined at once such convenience and socialibity. 'fake its com- prehensiveness. Every one could play at bowls and get some fun out of it. They could begin at ight and play , till they were eighty He was not a very ancient indivi- dual, but it was over 20 years since he first tried his hand at the game, beginning at the very beginning by carry- ing the looter for them, alien his father and his friends were playing at Lymm. After that, with a pair, of light woods, followed initiation into the mysteries of the art. He en- deavoured, not perhaps wholly without bias, to master that delicate and interesting department of the game, which he might describe as the land question. (Laughter.) But he found that though much depended on that, the question of land was on the whole of less importance than that of length. The same held good of many other games where it would at once occur to them that, given a certain accuracy of direction, which was not FO very difficult to attain, the main thing was to have perfect control of strength and judgment,of pace and length. One needed only mention as instances of that, bowling at cricket, or "putting "at golf, or losing hazards into the middle pocket at billiards. And at bowls there was a certain sensuous pleasure in being able to,so to speak, feel the distance with such accuracy, that you put in a" Jack toucher." Then as to the con- venience of bowls, and the way in which the game accommodated itself to all, including those who, perhaps had not too much to spare for onerous subscriptions to more expensive games—that was obvious to everyone. Equally obvious was its sociability. (Applause.) In that respect,lie really thought the game was pre-eminent. It was not only pleacant in itself, but a first rate excuse for enjoying the fresh air of summer evenings, and a bit oh chat and chaff at the same time, whether with or without the gentle stimulus of a cup or a glass of one's favourite beverage. They would notice he put that rather cautiously. (Laughter.) He knew he was tread- ing on delicate ground, or rather he was anxious not to tread on anyone's corns. (Laughter.) But in claiming are-eminence for the sociability of bowls, he admitted there was one important reservation to he made. There was one serious drawback which it shared in common with many other masculine amusements. It withdrew them, unfortunately, during part of their leisure hours, Irons the society of the gentler sex, with whom their lighter moments might otherwise be Spf nt. Possibly, liusbarias might appreciate the company of their help- mate still tatter after a little absence. (Laughter.) He could not speak from personal experience of the matter, but anyway he didn't see how they were to get out of the difficulty unless they could occasionally manage a game of croquet. We are told that they must prepare for a revival of that old fashioned game, and that reminded him of anotherantediluvian fashion with which they were threatened from those distinguished and mysterious quarters whence such things emanate. Deli- cacy forbade him to refer in such detail to this other fashion, but it had already made its appearance in some distinguished circles in the embryo. In that state, he believed, it was an affair of horsehair, whereas, later on, at the fully developed stage, he imagined though these were secrets hidden from man-kind, that it consisted oh hoops and cages. (A voice; " Crinolities,"and laughter.) To his horror he saw a statement the other day to the effect that they might expect the full maturity and development of the fashion in about twelve months' time.. In making these remarks he had touched on one very common topic of the day, viz., the increasing intensity of what was termed the struggle for existence. In every business and profession, even in every depart- ment of art, men were making the same complaint that things are overdone, and it would set m as if the undoubted increase in the severity of com- petition is in some degree proportionate in England and Germany and the States, to tie constant—and in at least two of these countries—rapid increase of the population. But if that was a not alto- ,gether satisfactory sign of the times, there was another feature that was wholly satisfactory, and perhaps in some way connected with it. Neeessity'was the mother of invention, and nature, or human nature, had the knack of avenging itself for an excessive demand upon its strength or faculty, and Ito they saw healthy and en- couraging developments of the means for ratiooalainufe- ment, not only in England, but in those other countries he had mentioned and elsewhere abroad. Let him give them an example. The game of golf that had victirnised so many of them was already making good • further h than America: and had even got a goad that. He was talking at the office the other day to a gentleman who had lived a geomaansi plaeein China, with a name about asinonuirreta eatanthipi art ninf tht (1.1 e a rfuf(iry.insto I;fislicolin: :1 difficultoae narnsres nrnta,ttoswsr)poanimr,conie, enough to tackle the other day.. In that outi of hair could place, of which the only other ruterestinogr nitolo of their tell them was that it was it market f snap—(laughter)-1 g• ahst dh heard tui tsow swing. ft:Blyfa ,B,l:t4hetahteaY • must not for game ts of isteirn-stic-rnedt;ti,etthioeyn into in- debted trl to the -•et tnottdi acsti nmfeaearo t.ti laeat, , thi.isodonnelivet it • conferred ef evenre d sucksaa t ta.a boonrnoouvde:osna nt hßde, jimtu,s,-t indeed,isyp pearproud, a. he foreign countries, they were the wEenreglpand had played, and increased commerce of the world, an • e emygfeordertaintantpldlaeprtroswpehrity that resulted to their population if ,rec inno t thata li tt triaedpe,r oynecti ‘l,lfe tthhoo nog, ah rt t they h anda da 1 ts en reena si on n d too. veleping those games which added to the permanent stock of healthy recreation in the world. There was a great wave of tendency in that direetion,spreading over a lar :e part of the world and searching into every corner as it passed. Their own town had net escaped. It had fined their baths and left behind it their gymnasium-- (hear, hear)—and the spread of bowls and bowling sncieties, which specially interested them at the moment, was hut another instance of that sign of the times. (Applause.) They must all approve that move- ment, and be glad to participate in it ; and he was glad to be there that evening, partly for that reason, partly also because a gama of bowls , arouses pleasant remini- scences, and was itself to him both enjoyable a,nd in- teresting. There was another reason why he was glad to be there. They met day by day, and week by

EALTII OF TIIP. TOWN: REASSIIEING STATEMENTS. The Medical Officer of Health reported that the num- ber of deaths registered during the past month amounted to 36 r of these 2 were inquesecases ; and of the remain- ing 34 cases, 4 were due to inflammation of the lungs, 3 to bronchitis, sto variola (smallpox), 6 to mesenteric disease. 2to plithisis, 2 to heart disease, 2 to disease of the liver, 2to inflammation of the lining membrane of the brain, and one each to kidney disease, jaundice, blood poisoning, diptheria, laryngitis, bowel inflamma- tion, cancer, and natural decay. The 36 deaths showed an average death-rata for the twelve months ot 21.6 and exclusive of ths inquest cases of 20.4 of the estimated Population. The Surveyor said there were 32 deaths in the corres- ponding month last year and 70 the year previous.— Mr. Bisbrown said there were 26 deaths last month.— Mr. Meadoweroft inquired if there was anything in the sanitary condition of: the town that increased the death rate.—Dr. McDougall said he was not aware of anything of an insanitary character that had contributed to the present death rate.—The Chairman said there was a general impression that the new intercepting sewer and syphon under the ship canal needed flushing and di I not get it. This was a very wrong impression. When the new yard was made at the Sprinch,and the Ellesmere-st. sewer aas extended to Heath-road to convey sewage from that district which had previously gone into the canal, the Ship Canal Company at the same time con- nected the four graving docks there with that sewer ; and every time these graving docks were used ,the water was discharged into the sewer at low water, which was the proper time for flushing the sewer and syphon. The sewer and syphon were flushed out on an average,three times a week. The sewers of the town were now better I flushed and in better condition than ever they were I before.—Dr. McDougall thought that was a most ad-1 mirable method of flushing.—Mr. Meadowcroft pointed ' out that previous to the construction of the Ship Canal, the sewage WAS deposited on the foreshore. At the present time they experienced no such drawleack.—Dr. McDougall added that the sewage from the various riparian owners on the banks of the Mersey now passed on beyond the town instead of fouling the shore.—The subject then dropped.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
lIIMIWAYS AND BUILDINGS COMMITTEE.

This Committee recommended that the plans of Messrs. John Ockleston and Sons for the erection of two cot- tages on the site ot the cottages about to be taken down in iialton-road ;of Mr. G. Lewis for the erection of a Corn Mill and Warehouse in Canal-street ; of Mr. John . Setton for the erection of a cart shed with joiners' shop ! over in York-street ; of Mr. W. Farrell and Son for the erection of 12 cottages in Balfour-street ; of Mr. J. Wright for the erection of a scullery with a bedroom over at the rear of a house situate in Bridgewater-street; the amended pan of the six cottages proposed to be erected by the Runcorn Co-operative Society in Wind- mill-street ; the amended plan of the tour shops and two houses proposed to be erected in Lowlands-road by Mrs. Benson, passed on the 4th ult, be approved. Mr. Taylor moved and Me. Ilankinson seconoled the adoption of the minutes.-1n reply to Mr. Meadowcroft, Mr. Tay- lor said the line of buildings in course of erection at the Junction of Waterloo-road was in accordance with what bad been approved by the Board.—Carried.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
NUISANCES.

The Inspector reported to the Health Committee, tha nuisances existed in Wilson's-row, off Church-street and in Massey' Court, and it was recommended that in the event of the notices to abate these nuisances by con- structing water closets and dry ashpits, not being com- plied with, legal proceedings be taken. The recommenda- tion was adopted on the motion of the Chairm tn, seconded by Mr. Lea.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANTH.

The Finance Committee recommended that the expenses of the deputations to London (three visiLs) in connection with the Water Bill, amounting to £33 13s. 2d. be paid; and that tenders be obtained for a loan of £6OO to complete Waterloo Bridge approaches, shed and steam roller, &c.—Mr. Fisher, in in wing the adoption of the minutes, explained that the loan was also wanted to repay an overdraft at the hank.-31r. Bishrown seconded the motion.—Carried.

THE ELECTORAL DISTRICTS OF RUNCORN. The Secretary read a letter from the Clerk to the County Council, who stated that he had laid before the Council tha communication sent by the overseers of Runcorn on the subject of the alteration of the bounda- ries of the North and South Electoral Divisions, and the Council had decided that the consideration of the sub- ject should be deferred for the present.—Mr. Meadow- croft moved "That the resolution passed at the last ! monthly meeting of the Board with respect to the alters- tion of the electoral divisions A the town fur the election of County Conncillors be rescinded."—Mr. Meadowcroft argued that the couve taken at the last meeting was ! not only very irregular but very extraordinary and Wl- constitutional, and practically ought to have no effect.— The Law Clerk psinted out that seven days' notice in writing ought to have been given of this motion, and the Chairman declared it out of order.—Mr.Tayfor wished to reply to some remarks made by Mr. Meadowcroft, hut ha was also ruled out of order.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPOSED DIVISION INTO NVSIIDS.

Mr. Wynne Humphreys moved " That this Board, being of opinion that the division of the Runcorn Urban Sanitary District into wards would greatly facilitate the recording of votes in Parliamentary and Local Elections and would be further instrumental in securing increased efficiency in the conduct of local affairs, hereby request the Cheshire County Council to exercise the powers conferred by Sec. 517 of the Local Government Act of 1888, and institute an inquiry as to the advisability of such division and to make such order thereon as may be deemed fit and proper. Mr. Humphreys pointed out the advantage that would arise from tile division of the town into wards, and said this was a matter which the Parish Councils Bill did not touch at all. Ths inquiry would not be an expressive or elaborate affair.—Mr. Bisbrown seconded the motion and remarked that it was self evident that the proposal would be a gnat advantage if adopted, and would lead to a more healthy municipal life.—Mr. Taylor agreed that it would boa good thing, but he had not much hope of obtainihg it from the County Council, judging by the contempt with which the County Council had dealt with a very reason- able request made by the ratepayers of Runcorn and by that Board, he had no hope of this being passed.—The Chairman was in sympathy with the motion, but he doubted whether it would be an advan- tage under the present system of voting. They did nut vote by ballot, and every paper must be examined by the presiding officer and officials. It wasa most difficult thing to do now where the voting was concentrated in one place ; what would it be if the town were divided into wards 2—Could not they wait until they were able to vote by ballot, and then the alteration would come naturally P—Mr. Pritchard objected to being called upon to vote on such short notice and on such meagre infor- mation.—Mr. Meadcwcroft considered a case had not been made out, especially considering that they might have a reconstruction of the Board in many important details when the District and Parish Councils Bill was passed He approved in principle of dividing the town into wards, but deemed the present the present time inopportune.—la the course of his reply Mr. Humphreys said they had got in the habit of too often affirming their principles and pious ()Onions and he should like them to do something practical on the present occasion by hav- ing the courage of their opinions.- -The motion was de- feated by five to three.—Dr. Mangan and Mr. Taylor did not vote.

• THE VEHICULAR BRIDGE. The Clerk of the County Council forwarded the follow- ing copy of a resolution which had been adopted by that body : " That this Committeee whilst recognising the fair spirit in which the local authorities of whines and Runcorn have approached the question of constructing a Vehicular Bridge across the river Mersey between Widnes and Runcorn, are of opinion that as the scheme is one of such magnitude, they are unable to recommend , the Council to pr,ceed further at present with the mat- ter."—Mr.flutrphreys moved that the communication be referred to the Mersey Bridge Cominittee.—The Chairman Said he was not at all of the opinion that the matter had ended. Ile was as strongly as ever the opinion rh,t they would get the Bridge. They must prosecute 111.-ir efforts. They had led the County Councils to e cltimws ledge the want of the Bridge; this was not acknowledgad at first ; and it was now only a question of finance. When they got the Ship Canal opened and the trade of the district enhanced,they might reasonably hope to get what they were aiming for.--Mr. Fisher : I think-both Councils admit the advisability of the Bridge—The Chair man They do; and every time those gentlemen crossed the Bridge they would see the neces,ity of it. They would got an object lesson every time they came near the place.— rho letter was referred.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
PROBABLE OPENING OF SHIP CAWAL.

Mr. Bisbrown called attention to the nuisance caused by tho nightsoil tip at Top Locks.—The Chairman said the Ship Canal would be open from East ham to Moore in August or September and then their difficulty Jo regard to this matter would be over. In the meantime, he would see that everything possible was done to diminish the nuisance. ~ THE ROYAL MARRIAGE AND THE BOARD. The Chairman pointed out that the Duke of York would be married on tho same day as the next meeting of the Board was fixed for and it had been suggested to hiss that the day would probably be a general holiday and that it would be advisable to alter the day of meet- ing.—Mr. Lea: They may be sending for us up to London. (Lauxhter.)—Mr. Fisher r»oved that the next meeting be held on NVednesday.—Mr. Ilankinson seconded .—Carried.—Mr. Humphreys suggested that the Chairman should officially notify the townspeople to c,maider the day a lioliday.—The motion was carried.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RURAL SANITARY

AUTHORITY.

-- A meeting of the Warrington Rural Sanitary Authority was held at the Town Hall on Friday. There were then present the Rev. G. 1. Roberts (in the chair), Messrs. R. Heaton, Wm. Houghton, A. Jolley, R. Owen, J. Houghton, Dignum, G. Ratcliffe, smith, and Swinton ; also Mr. S. Sutton (clerk), Mr. Owen (surveyor.)

THE SMALLPDX DILL. The CLERK said he bad received a bill from the Cor- poration of Warrington, for the cost of inaintiing and dealing with smallpox patients from the Rural Sanitary Authority. The total amount was £3ll 2s. 3d. lis mentioned that the account had only just been received and thetefore as it had not been examined they could not deal with the matter that day. He did not think the bill was particularly large considering that the Board estimated for an expenditure of £4OO. It was agreed that the matter be deferred till the next meeting of the Board.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
PENICP.TU WATER SUPPLY.

The SURVEYOR reported th:it on the 15th of May, Messrs. Heaton, Jolley, and W.Houghton with the Clerk, Inspector, and Surveyor went to Penketh to examine the eater supply, where they were met by Messrs. Dignum, Parker, Ditchfield, Foster, and Millington. Several houses were visitect, and the following reports made upon them :—" Elle: houses, River-view : Sup- plied from one well. One ten int had a sample in a glass which was discoloured. She said the water a week ago had made her husband ill." This water was ordered to be analysed. " Five cottages and two houses, Garnett- row : Have not water fit to drink ; well was bored 22 yards deep,and was fitte-I with pipes. The pump draws water direct from the bore hole pipes. This water runs perfectly clear and afterwards discolours in the sett- ling." This was ordered to be analysed. Several other cases were reported where the water was obtained from wells and showed discolouration. The wells all appeared, continue° thz report, to have been sunk wheia the houses were erected. At the Penketh Tannery, Mr. Parker said that if the Authority could induce the War- rington Corporation to carry mains to Penketh it war probable the tannery would itself consume and guaran- tee a consumption of about 5,000 gallons per working day. A letter was subsequently written to the Town Clerk of Warrington, asking unon what terms they would supply Penketh with water. Subsequent corres- pondence which took place, contained a letter trona Mr. Whittle, Town Clerk, stating that the Water Committee had instructed him to state that they would recommend the Town Council to undertake the supply of water to Penketh if the Authority would guarantee a payment of Be per cent. upon the capital outlay. This sum would cover the cost of supply and revenue equal to six per cent. upon the rateable vaiue of the premises supplied, and there would be additional charges made for trade purposes, and this would go in reduction of the amount to be paid by the Rural San!. tary Authority. The annual payment would he £340 and ass4ming that the revenue would be £2OO per annum, the Rural Sanitary Authority would have to make up the difference. During a discussion which took place upon the subject, Mr. R. Heaton who hadexamined the water at Penketh, said that it was disvraeeful. Be had pumped water out of what was considered the best well, and the water had run out like tomato sauce. (Laughter.) It was well water, and he had been unwell for a week after tasting it.—Some objection was after- wards taken to the price demanded by the Corporation, and upon the proposition of Mr. Dignum, it was agreed that an alternative estimate be obtained for a supply of Vyrnwy water Department.

-ortroito WATER SUPPLY. —A DISGRACEFUL STATE OF

THINGS.

F aer m , lettero rfo wr da. si ar ewandi cfhr from rt-e..dJt.h aSt . he ohdaged rws i tOt er fno rt do the Local Government Board complaining of the dis- graceful water supply which they had at Orford. The water, which was unfit for use. was obtained from a number of wells bored 22 feet:deep. At the Parish school, which was attended by 400 scholars, there was tio water supply—within 500 yards distance. He be- lieved it would only cost £2OO for the Warrington Cor- poration to lay a main down to the villsge.—Mr. FIE&TON corroborated the statements made in the letter, and said it was time the Board eradicated such a dis- graceful state of things. He knew for a fact that some- time ago the people who had houses. were getting their water from a pit into which the it was other houses was poured.—After a further discussion t was agreed to ask the Warrington Corporation to supply water to Orford.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL WEIJDL,4 GS.

A marriage between 3i r. W. Fletcher, draVer„ Bridge-street, and Mies Mary Burgess, a daughter of Mr. John Burgess, J P., was solemnized at Holy Trinity Church, on Thursday morning. The Rey. E. C. E. Carleton officiated. The wedding, which took place at half-past eight o'clock, was a private one. The marriage of Mr. John Lowe, of Golborne. to Miss Ada Bennett, fourth daughter of Mr. Benjamin Bennett, Clapeates Farm, Warrington, and late of Batton, took plane at Bold-street Wesleyan Chapel, Warrington, on Thursday afternoon. The officiating minister was the Rev. J. Kirtlan. The bride was given away by her father. The bridesmaids were Miss Bennett, Miss Nellie Lowe, Misses D. and M. Bennett, and Mr. Spencer of Golborne, and Mr. E. Bennett, brather of the bride were the groomsmen. The bridesmaids wore gold brooches, which were presents from the bridegroom.and the bride carried a bouquet of flowers. Nfenderssohn's t. Wedding March" was played by Mr. G. G. Carter. lunch was given in the marquee at Cla.pgates Farm, to the guests, and a dance WAS held in the evening, a large number of friends being present. A number of presents have been received by the happy couple. Considerable interest was taken in the wedding. and the ceremony was witnessed by alarge congregation. The wedding of Mr. Ralph Johnson, cabinet maker, Bridge-st.. to Mi4s praegar, eldest detiehter of Herr Praeger, 42. Lovely-lane, took place at eight o'clock on Thursday morning, at Holy Trinity Church. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. E. C. E. Carleton. Mr. 0. J. Praegar, brother of the bride was best man, and the bridesmaids were Miss Ba.bet cPeriaveegda rm, aa no yd plll.l ei ssse nAtgs n so erae 11 ay t. i verrshaen dh 1 friends. coupleThreey- are spending their honeymoon in London and the South of England.

ces y cwt s County txn it Court on Wednesday, after- noon, At St. HelSen before Judge Shand, Win. Stevens, a working nomut residing at Parr, was sued for £5, the value of a watch supplied by Messrs,Wolle and Co., of Manchester. I)Jrndant disputed the value of tiae watch, and claimed that ho was offered thewatch on trial for a month. He also asserted that he plaintiff's witnesses were telling a pack of lies in court. It appeared, however, that he haksigned an agreement to take the watch, and the. judge suggested that an amicable arrangement might be come to. The plaintiff offered to reduce the claim by 104., Out defendait would not agree to that. The claim was ultimately reduct.il by £l, hut the defendant re- mained obdurate, and he ignored a warning from the judge that judgment might be given for the lull amount. —His Honour ultimately gave judgment for the plain- tiffs for the full amount claimed, to be paid it 84. per mnnth.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
IT CURES

Rheumatism. ITS INTRINSIC VALUE IS ATTESTED 13.5 MILLIONS OF PEOPLE! Price,-1/04te16'

RETURN OF Tine WARRINGTON

VOLD N TEERS.

-- Railway officials' at Bank Quay Station a- Railway harassed on Saturday, owizg t 2„ toe' constant repetition of the question " iirbmn the Volunteers coming back.' The inquirers sv answer" about five • o'clock," and sure enougy; that time in the evening, the hundreds of vit;:htiose friends were relieved by the appearance nf whom they sought. And then commenced an White:l4 greetings and repartee. Many of the-men's facn'3.,alpsvn to to the exposure to the wind and salt sir, had e...t of a distressing extent. And the more unpleasant Pa', iv this irrepressable development of the face exposed the victims to a considerable turW/riht°o;'f " chaff." One instance which occurred near the ;00e log office was particularly amusing. The facet o` wag. of the privateihaciserfillen to such an extent that i rid with difficulty that he could even see the daylight, 600 he had to be led by a couple of his companil• f tbe reaching the booking office a young women folo" °The/ guiding couple, " Has Henry so-and-so come? was. tho belly informed her that the private who stood bet WO t 11,40 was the individual she required. She would not he;co ft for some time; but eventually bY some magi,' irlfDle3ble in the pronouncialtion of "Cla-ra." and a n°,iCe heaving of the cheeks, which was meant for a st° the girl was suddenly impressed with the truth. The battalion marched from the station down 00-° Fatten-st., up Bridge-st., and Legh-st., to the lawn °"51;e41 site the Town Sall. Here Colonel Oreenall the men, expressing his entire satisfaction „Had personal behaviour :and their drill, and he ale" tr 3: far Adjutant-Captain Silverthorne and the other offieer%ek. the assistance they had rendered him during the lidiog He also read a communication from the enloirlalning officer of the brigaale, testifying to the excellent tr3,l" tie of the men. lie referred to the great increoe foot corps during the past year and expressed the il°P°'taief as seven companies were like a lob-sided trot Tile would all do their best to raise an eighth coral:3l°Y.; Ole, men were then marched to the Drill Hall. whe''',Asen were dismissed. Everyone seemed to he highlslB'-that with the week's " outing " and it is very prohn," the increase in the battalion which Colonel (I‘...ntnP wished for, will be brought about before the next '- week

CHARGE OF STEALING A Tionslo

===== 0002601_18930603_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
HAYDOCK.

-10i1 PRISONER COMMITTED TO THE Sg•-•g At the Warrington Occasional Court, on before Mr. Ziba Armitage, Thomas lioratio was charged with stealing a horse from a,fljeugm Baydock, valued at £lO, the property Sumner,farmer, Floydock. Nicoll was apPrei'edi about twelve o'clock on Sunday. When charr4 igl the Police Station he said, "I t hought I had rhs to take it, I gave Mrs. Sumner 2s. 6d. deposit, ing sold the horse to me for £l." Prisoner was re"— b until Thursday for further evidence.—On Thurs(ll, fore Mr. James Tinsley, prisoner was again bre°, °la and charged with the offence. Mr. H. J. solicitor,. represented the prisoner.—James Sumner. _ mer, Cannon's Perm, Havdock, said he was thc of the bay mare, and valued it at £lO. He last 5t,01e grazing in the field, the day previous to its being 6 oe On Saturday,a man named Jonathan Leicester, 3 oto ' t residing at Woodhouse Cottage Haydock, calve tea house at It is,: and said a man had taken the 1:93,tt of the ffeld. He went in search of the man vt°"t„ mare as far as Earl Marsh's Bridge, hut failed "ag him. The pris-mer had no right to take the main, t had not been sold to the prisoner.—Evidence3. prosecution was given by William Joseph W0O(1.r. cester, J. Harrison, P. C. Gresty, and Mrs. Burl rso was stated that the prisoner sent a registered me`,—,ta tamping 17s. ed. in money which reached the lat'ot Sunday morning, and the note accompanYirlg l'orclll that the money was balance owing on the 07; P p 1 of the mare, which it further stated sc!„,',o chased from Mrs. Sumner for £l. Mrs. however, denied selling the mare, 11,.,Pci ore she had never seen the prisoner before. P.,:,,%,,eat said he received information of the theft, and L search of the prisoner accompanied by the witnevZ They found the mare in a field on Low Brow' nth, Ashton, and after leaving it in charge of P.O. 011,111 he went to the prisoner's house, 17, Commercial It Ashton, and arrested the prisoner near his hrT,seistr Longton galled for the defence James Cook, n°,-„, 3 Makerfreld, Thomas Hall, a travelling shoion1:1; the prisoner also made his statement, from sche Doc' peered that the prisoaer in company with Ha" ft the mare which war lame for £1..0n the 6th Mill f Mrs. Sumner, but at that time it was not Inf°.At olt soner afterwards paid a deposit of 2s. 6d. Oocj mt was accepted. But the mare was now in fotaVl"l,9,o", contended that the prosecutor had rued 1.111, ' through it becoming more valuable when in ".„pr, prisoner after many attempts to see Mrs. mag the mare out of the field, and sent the nalance „ to te post the same day. The prisoner was committeu his trial at thP next Liverpool Sessions which cm'

next week. Bail was allowed.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND DTSTRICT 11" SOCIETY.

SOLD EvERyWITERE. EPANCITr, ALT, OVER THE EINnPCI.T.

-

wag do The third race of the season for old birdl dists-og on Wednesday last, from Bournemouth, u"gbeloo.er being 188 miles ; 194 birds were despatched onoid to 12 members, and liberated by Mr Collinge,.ecteadot, to the Manchester Flying Club at 12.5 noon' ulfr.ottlto 8 o'clock a.m. This was owing to the basket,s,,k 00,tra; Swindon race not being received until 10 Tuesday morning. This delay caused many o' firyd' not to arrive until late at night, many of thenivurro"„t, their way home on the following day. Mr. 54e;4t Legh-st., who was so successful in this rael "'oft again carried off " the palm" by wiring 1111,0tJ" four birds. The next race will take piac° 12th from Cherbourg., France, 263 miles. - Result. Name. 1 2 3 4-lil Burrows (4) 5—W. Lamb 6—J. Buckley 7—J. Houghton 8 9—J Hill (2) ve I oci tylfibP999reos9:7lr 891 10—J. Buckley 11 12-P Le,c,ster (2) ........879 I3—W Lamb sag 14—J. It. Greenough 851 15—. T. H. Greenough 16—J Hill 839 17—H. Clare 18 —Br cegirdle

Aso TO 19111111INGTON lelto3l 735. 'issgton-7 40, 10 8, 148, 72. Sundays 10, 40, 4 15. - 11 kt<4l Brldge-6 39. 7 Aintr 45, 8 52. 1145, 38,4 38, 644, 8 29, l)kber 49'3' 629 P 33,7228, 10 4. Sundays 935. i 41, 8 31.. ,es. 6 4.n0 Illdhouse -9 14, 116, 7 18, 949. Sundays it, 26' 9 17' -70,855,bir5" 1 55, 5 45, 90. Sundays 745. P.m. II; tabead - 6 15, 7 30, 10 15. 1 16, 155, 510, 6 20. a tePli,gharn (L. & N.-w.)-11 15, 310, 60, 7 30, 90, 9 55, gi,_. so, 125. undays 11 15, 3 10. 8 45, 12 15, 70. 11 35 1 23. 240 545. 140 ' '•'• ' 40. 11 19. Sundays 430, a.m.. 40', 11 19. bEixoept 1 ki -35.6 40u4i-8 35, 10 48, 1 8,2 10, 30, 7 55. Sundays 80, a oltkp.oi 7.10, cr° alb t Road)--8 15, 8 40, 9 53, 10 35. 1 20, .2 11445, 8 35, 100. Sundays 725,140, 515, 725. _ -8 0, 8 27, 8 55, 9 55, 10 25, 1 20. 1, tiolto , 6 55, 8 15. 44 Sundays 7 10, 1 20. 4 58. a a°. 845, 9 .. 5 1035, 1230, 1 20, 2 45, 4 20. tiar 55. 830, ist,nday4B 20, 6 10, 920. . 35. -11 32, 1 31, 6 40, Sundays 7 36.. D Qarli 1 ' "41 6 50, 8 40, 1 40, 4 30, 5 38. 7 40. Sundays 125 a.m. ,13),,,.. • ". 5075 . 2, 8 45, 9 40, 1012, 115, 11 45, 1 28, 2_DU 1....,0, -ao e: -tali 5, b 30, 6 3b, 735,80. Sundays 20, 630. 0 Gh• „ '•.5 ad"•.,,,t., ell-6 39 7 16' 8 42, 10 14. 12 38, 1 43,2 10, 223, 1 ' 046 Sundays 810,7 15. jia5,066-1-0.434 42; 6 0:640, 813 9 15,11 5, 1110, 12 30. 1 57. 9 so. suuday, 23. 442, 6 10, 2 35, 1)9 7 ....Ash Z 1 7 urY-a 16. ao 17, 1143. 247, 542, 811. Sundays 10 20, 1 10. 3 5, 3 45. 4 s', 70,83, al2 35, 330. itsrl st,Loo. 6 18, 6 50. 3 30. allacept Mondays. •11,,'• 1"47-"--6 59. 7 24, 8 43. 846. 9 29. 10 18, 11 26. 18 44 12 50 226, 439, 532, 5 53, 6 30, 838. 12 4 tSlulda . . 7 18, 7 23. aSat , 041, 54 8 , • 9 url, 34 9 52,9 59,10 3.40 16. 78, 8 10, 9 47, 523, 5 40, 7 26, Sundays 847, A ridal "I'lo,-10 20 20. 60. Sundays 850, 6 0._9.1.02„ ~....., rry al, nti .4 12, 9 2, 9 43, 12 27, 4 11, '541 1111, risLerk44(aehaeßh.. Seundeas 11 _8 32' 2 57. 87. 14 les -5 54 627, 7 50, 80,9 EO. 125, 'O, 5, 4 5'215 15 1) 5 58, 6 57:8 67, 11 21. Sundays 823. (9144„1u• a 17, 4 42 651 854. 940. a 404'w-4010' 2'O, 6 50, 95. Sundays 95. 'l,lO ,'lls--6 44 82k. 10 22,12 27, 1 54, 2 41, 4 26,5 35, 8 20, 740 Rl'atSurlday' 40,7 0. 5 .• 86-reen 64361' 25,9 10, 10 3, 1 14, 1 54. 2 21,255, ~..11444,,• • 11. 911 d * 8d3,,i8s 8 37. 9 23. 3 31. 4 55, 9 1 Sun- .4l3:*649l.4l6Csadi;he.'ildt -41 38,9 56, 1 13, 5 4, 8 52, 1120. PO .breil---80111 4854:132 106. 1117, 120. a 145. 213, rh, ra•,• `c 'l6. 67, 6 49, 7 49, 91, 9 56, 1127. Sundays 833, claturdays only. b6aturdays oxeipteel 11 50, g a 00,1 (Si, Earle-town)- a 2 a 5, 60, 80, 920. 35, i 5. 535 'l9 0, 105. Sundays 730. 920, 40, 13 464444/Vidnea,339tY:B 26,Y.0 5, 10-5, 1130. 1248, 130 2 40. 520,-4 65, 810 , 1045. Sundays 745, 2 10, 7 20, 8 30 8 40, 8 43, 9 30. g k .ti*D''cl central)-5 45. 6 10.7 3°' 168.10(30, 11 20, 1130, 11 55.12 30, 12 '40,813830:713050:8200; i . 3 40, 4 30, 4 40, 4 55, 5 30, 5 36, ;‘,,,8 ..,,5,5, 9so au) 45. 11 0, 11 30. Sund6ay3so,B 0, 9 0, 230, t4-v, 6 3(4 8 30, 833, 930. (Mondays and Saturdays 21341411 (L. & N.-W.)---12 0. 5 15. 7 15. 7 30, 10 30, 100. Sundays 100, 50,100,20.5 410,44°,4 (Aliella d 515 105, 12 10, 20, 40, 0, a 9 15, " 4-4(1 n )-. 0 's except Mondays 37 2 6 2 e„?1....a. 3315'973 "g si, 10 12, 119. 1 11. als ,da ; 8 2_5., 24. bs SBh, 5 59, 641, 7 41. 8 63,,,„; ,9,,41,1„,1 oleptai(111. 3' 1, asitAel•:2 7 25. adatnrdays og-I:7..i'lr'i-c -9 0, 9 40, 11 0, „44 1 ,z 77 ~,,,,,.-W., A 3 , 4 2.5-, 5 10, 60,7 5, 9 20, 10 40, 110. kanh 8 ‘,. 8 30, 90. 60. 1043. FromA Exchange. p sl 6 iellester (London-road)-7 15, 7 •••••'' - 7 4).scf• 1 Q 0 3 4°..: b 5 55 529 6 5, 75, 8 20, 9 10, 1045. ted 8343...444eEt, 4u. ~s,',. urds'ys only_. bSaturdays excel) • _ .., ~!_(elleahlre Llnes)-s__ 0 430 ao, ~,,iO,lO 45, 11 30. 12 30 12 45, 1 30, 2 30. 3 3 , _ I_, .48, 7 20, 8 15, 8 38, a 9 0 8 30. 11 0. Sundays 8 30, 9..5, 452300' 730, , 883102'8 5. 8 25, 9 35. catondAY4 4 kite,Yl (nay: -.-" )40,;•eveiell--6 58 10 57, 2 42, 61. 7 1158. 3 20. 4 50. 6 57. Sundays 715, 448. 42, la Y-Willows-6 47,655, 7 •44 27, 8- '' 66 5 49' 6 27, a 0 e 46, 1 4 128 14 238 33 47.435.4 , 'oo' 43'1'16 99 .a • 8' ' .' d b• •le , • 9 55, 11 8, 811 43 sun ays 8 30. 9 49' -20 11 5 a and sSaturdays 001 Y• 888 11'4'4-'1 s'l 1,• _ 20, 9 in , 832, 855, 109. 125, 5 17, 9 16. Sundays 4p 0 11 15, 11 20, 12 1.5, 2 40. 447'25' 6 49' m7i L.15°9. 9 3. 9 3:'llojundays 2 7, 8 35, 3 15, 6 10, 4 0,114.4028,„. a -onoav3sexcelopted mornings only. _ . bblonday 39: 9 19;19 22, 1150, 130, 3 16, 4 40, 5 40, I Lit' ti 1 9-.,8 ine "14-'6 25 7n' - 915. 100 11 15. 12 5. 1 30, • " R --98 5, 6 10, 7 20, 9 0, 10 a 0 - . "1120. Sundays 740, 5.1 4it 4,. u• Satur la, s only. '2 b' 9 --43 9 836 924, 102, 1113, 1 15. at 41, 29, 255. 7'2147. 745, 857. 3 3;1(14,8 4.: 9 62 11,2.3x.ceSpteunad.ays 8 29, 0 11 ii. 43. 5 .)••tjl saturdays only. 6Saturday 8 56,9 33, 33' 1216, 1 4,2 10, 48,8 50, 116. Sundays 824. 2 50. 7 59. heshire Lincs)- 8 30, 9 16, 109, 1112, 12 25, _1 2_7, 6 26,6 9, 7 16. 7 56. 9 16. Sundays 8 42. 3 38. 2 •;' •.. 5' 6665. 9 i' 4'48, b 3 5, 6 33, fl 15,9 31, 1.010, 11 42, 182 150, I -43: 1.0, 8 52, 1030. Sundays 2 36, 3 .3 40 411xesps /Sundays, bblondays only.

THE ROMANTIC SUICIDE AT

NO tTHAIIPTON:

An inquest was held at Northampton on Saturday, before the Borough Coroner, on the body of Dr. Andrew Aikman, who committed suicide by taking prussic acid in the presence of his friend, the Rev. J. Crossby Roberts, D.D.—Mr. Charles Aikman, the younger brother of the deceased, gave evidence regarding the absence of his brother from Northampton and his return on Thursday night. He said that his parents only de- sired a postponement of the wedding for twelve months. If at the end of that time the deceased desired to marry Miss Barritt, his parents would have put no impediment iu the way.—The Rev. J. C. Roberts deposed that when he first spoke to the deceased, two hours before he took the poison, the deceased said to him, "To tell yeu the truth, Roberts, lam half drunk." He did not seem so, however, though in the conversation they had the de- ceased seemed to get muddled. The deceased was upstairs in hissurgery alone about ten minutes with the glass of whisky and water. When he returned with the whisky and water the conversation was resumed as If nothing had occurred. In about five minutes the doctor got up and said " Roberts, do you know the meaning ot the Scotch word ' fey ' ?" " No," replied Mr. Roberts, and thinking that Dr. Aikman was going to give him some details of a nasty disease he added, " and I don't want to know." " Well," returned the doctor, " you soon will know," put ting the emphasis on the " will " ; and sitting down he immediately drank nearly the whole of the contents of the tumbler. At once he be- gan to breathe heavily and lost consciousness. Not- withstanding all the efforts of Dr. Cropley, who was immediately summoned, he died in about eight minutes. Dr. Cropley said that the post-mortem examination re- vealed the fact that the deceased bad taken about hail' an ounce of prussic acid.—Two letters were read by the Coroner, one addressed to Miss Barritt. This, dated" 1, Salisbury-road, Edinburgh, Sunday morning, , 4.30 a.in," was addressed to " My bonnie darling," and I was couched in most affectionate terms. The writer said : , My eyes are aching for a sight of you. Many people have written Ins trying to prove that you don't really care for me. Oh i ! for God's sake say or write whether you do or not. Write for yourself and say it. Don't think me heartless as I have have heard of your state daily, and have many times wired to Dr. C. (Dr. Crop- lee) asking about you. lam under a promise—solemn ' promise—which you know I never break—not to write to you, but my love has proved stronger than any premise. I must write and tell you that I am weary and long to see yoti once more before Idle, my darling. I am Writing unbeknown to anyone, in ,nry pyjamas and.eloale ; the former are my nightdress, ;the Cloak NOll krit/Vic 1 cannot live 'Without you, . and actordinj to others cannot make you happy isy living with you. Oh ! my darling, whose hair I am continually kissing, let me know if you really love me —Your most loving and distractedly Andrew." The second letter was sent to a Northampton friend on May 12th. , The letter said : "lam in a state of abject mental I collapse. Unaccountable as it may seem to you, I still I )ve her dearly, and could I bring myself to believe that after this she could be happy in being married to me, I would visit her and offer to make her my wife at once." —The jury, after a short consultation, returned a ver- dict of Temporary Insanity, adding that they very much regretted to state that they thought that unnecessary and undue influence was brought to bear upon the de- ceased by his friends--Dr. Aikman's father, and brother James, and Mr. and Mrs. barritt, were present at the inquiry, but none oh them were called.—Miss Barritt, who is still confined to her house from the effects of the poison she took on May Bth, has not yet keen informed of her lover's decease.

NEW CATHOLIC SCHOOL-CHAPEL FOR ST. HELENS.

On Sunday morning, the new Catholic school- chapel, dedicated to St. Thomas of Canterbury, at Windleshaw, St. Helens, was opened by the Roman Catholic Bishop of Liverpool (Dr. O'Reilly). The building has been erected by the Catholics of St. Helens and Birchley, to meet the wants of Catholics in a rapidly-increasing district. It con- sists of two storeys, the lower portion being fitted up as a schoolroom, and the upper portion as chapel, but it is so arranged that at some future date, when the growth of the district warrants the erection of a new chapel, it can easily be con- verted into a school with large classrooms, a double roof having been arranged for this purpose. The length of the building is CB feet and the width about 27 feet, I while the total height is 44 feet. It is of brick faced with red sandstone, and relieved with Accrington bricks. The seating accommodation of the chapel is 300, and every endeavour has been matte to provide for convenience and comfort. At the morning service the Bishop, speaking of the new building, said some people would think the accommodation for 300 children as provided in the lower storey was far too large, but his experience was that such places wen° often found too sraall. When the project was first started the number of Catholics in the district was put at 400,but the num- ber now was 700. Of the total cost, there had oply been raised £950, leaving a debt, roughly speaking, of some £1,300 or £1,4-00, for which he made a special appeal,— The chief subscribers are the Rev. John Lennon, trustee of the Blackbrook and Orrell estate, £250; the Roman Catholic Bishop of Liverpool, £lOO, and altar cloths; missal, and stands ; the Ete,v. Arthur Powell (Buckley), £lOO, chalice, and altar cards ; Miss Coniston (Bolton- le-Sands), £2O ; and Miss Helen Mather (Hirchley), £5, and six candlesticks. The diocesan mission fund has contributed £250, and £63 was collected at the founda- tion-stone laying.

THE POPULAR BEVERAGE tor Dreakfast, Luncheon, Tea and Supper in all seasons Is CADBURY'S Cc/Mil—Comforting. strengthening, nourishing—for old and young, robust and feeble. CADBURY'S COCOA Is absolutely pure.—Adet.

PUBLIC NOTICE—Not one but HUNDREDS of people of both sexes with wreelvd and debilitated constltuttona are yearly restored to sound and robust health again by Messrs. Wilkinson. 3 and 4, Fitzallan Square, Sheffield. Write to thorn for advieefree when suffering from weakness, loss of flesh, appetite, disturbed rest, pimples, blotches. indiges- tion, pallid skin, nervousness, and general debility. Posi- tive cure for all Blood and Skin Diseases, acquirvd or cOnstl- tutional. Sixty year,' experience. One address (as above) for over 30 years. The" A I. Mixture," 4s. 9d, the case. The Magic Mirror in envelope, four stamps. Sufferers disap- pointed with Bisotrio Belts should write to us at once.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
A UNIVERSAL BOON.

It is seldom that any discovery of science Is such as will benefit al: classes or pevie. Serpa of the greatest discoveries of the age, wnile proving beneficial to ttriusands, have also at feast for a time. injured other thousands. Ey n some of the beat medicinal preparations, however much they may do to remove one class ot disease or suit some constitutions, at the flame time either deepen the h Id of another disease, or leave it entirely untouched, or, if they benefit one class of patients they may injure another. Now,

THE GREAT REED OF THE AGE. soroe scientifically compounded preparation which will effectually cope with the prevalent diseases of this country, which will be certain to do good when fairly tried, which will be equally adapted to the needs of the merchant, the profes- sional man, and he who wins his bread by the sweat of his brow, the clerk, the factory hand, the miner, the workers in metals, and the roadside labourers. It sh• uld also be such a preparation as contains no injurious ingredients, and which may be taken with impunity by the weak and sickly child or the delic.te female, as well as by the stronger constituted man. Such a preparation would indeed be

===== 0002601_18930603_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
A BOON TO HUMANITY.

After long-continued and diligent research, this much- seeded boon has beim found, and repeatedly tested by analysts, who declare it to be pure and harmless. This desirable preoatation is that weliknown Vegetable Tonic called Gwilym Evan.' Quinine Bitters, and it has gained such a widespread reputation for efficacy that many unprejudiced doctors, who have given it a fat: trial. frequently recommend it to their patients in cases of great Weakness, Nervousness, or any disorder of the digestive oreans. Gwi ym }Wane' Quinine Bitters is so invariably efficacious and produces such satisfactory results, that when once tried it is always recommended. It has proved successful w en all other rnedici cies had tailed o give relief. It has also in many case been found to b‘i perm inent'y beneficial when other preparations at best only give temporary relief. Gwilym Brans Bitters is purely vegetable, and contains neither

===== 0002601_18930603_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
MERCURY NOR IRON.

aor any poisonous or other injurious substances, and thou- sands who b ,ve benefitted by its ne agree in saying it Is a specific to all symptorns of Indigestion, Nervousness. and Weakness. It is also confidently recommended for Low Spirits Liver Disorders, and Chest AfreCtiors. •

The Libra ralleled success of Gwilym livans' Quinine Bitters has induced unprincipled persons to offer base and spurious imitat,ons. somewhat similar in name and ,pnearance. but possessing none of the virtues nf this great national remedy. It.mem er that roue are genuine unless the name GwilYm Evans is on abel stamp, and bottle. Sold by all Chemists. In b Wes, at Is. lid .28 9d. and 4s. 61. ascii, or may be obtained, carriage free, dir.ct from the Proprietors t—Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Compiny, Limited. L'anelly. South Wales.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

LOOTING THB NAVVIES BEEF.—PRECALITIONS AGAINST BURGLARY. Thomas Knockton was brought before the Warrington magistrates on Monday, on a charge of being a suspicious character, and with frequenting Pinner's Brow on Satur- day night with intent to commit a felony. P.C. Turner said that on Saturday night he was in company with P.C. Eitel when they heard cries of" police" and met prisoner with a parcel of beef under his arm, and a ship canal man following him saying that it was his. Pris- oner gave the beef to the man when he saw the officers, but the man did not wish to prosecute as he had no time to attend the court. They accordingly cautioned prisoner and told him to go home. At about 11.50 the same night, the officers again saw prisoner. He went into the doorway of shout half a dozen shops. As there had been so many burglaries of late, they arrested prisoner as a suspicious character. The Chief Constable said that in consequence of the number of burglaries, a tamer number of men than usual were on night duty,and were in plain clothes and they were instructed to appre- hend any man like prisoner, or woman either, who were about the streets at such an untimely hour. Prisoner was sent to gaol for one month. Too FOND OF LEATHER. Mary Ball was charged at Warrington Police Court on Monday, with stealing from a stall in the Market Place on Saturday night, two pairs of boots valued as. Id. the property of Joseph Frisby. Mr. Browne defended. Isaac Bowere. the manager of Frisby's shop, said that prisoner and another woman came to his shop. They were very talkative. and his suspicions were aroused. He watched her closely and saw her take a pair of boots and tried Vs put them into her pocket, but being unable to do so, she put them into her basket. lie then went for a policeman. and when he returned with P.C. Fish, the woman had another pair in her hands. She was taken into custody. Joseph Sixsmith, assistant, gave torroboratire evidence, and denied that prisoner had paid him 2s. 81. for the boots. Mr. Browne said that his case was that prisoner bought the first pair of boots, and was taking the second pair to show her husband who was a few yards away, and a witness, Elijah Page, swore to seeing prisoner pay 2s. &I. to an assistant at the stall. There was also undue violence used in arrest- ing prisoner, as her husband and son were strurk in the face, in trying to get an explanation of the matter. The magistrates considered the case proved, and fined pris- oner 10s. including costs or seven days' imprisonment. THE EXTENSIVE THEFTS HY YOUTHS. Waltsr Smith (1.6), and John Syerett (14), whose parents reside at Runcorn, were charged at Deresbury Petty Sessions, on Tuesday, with stealing on the 25th ult., at Latchford, a gold albert guard, a silk handker- chief, and £7 in money, the propery of Richard Kitts, employed on the Ship Canal, and Bairns at Thelwall- lane, Latchford.—Richard King, identified the articles as his property, and said he saw them in his box on the 23rd April. On the 24th the boys carne to his house, the prisoner Smith being brother to his housekeeper. The two prisoners stayed all night, and he left the house be- fore them the next morning. When informed by his housekeeper that several things had been stelen, he gave information to the police.—Annie King. (13). said the two boys came to their house on the 24th April, and stared all night. The housekeeper (Smith), asked one of the boys to hold the lid of the box up, while she showed the contents to the prisoners. They had departe4 the next morning before she got me. On the following Thursdas she found the basket in which the money had been kept, in the ash bin, which led to the box being searched —Edward Randels, pawnbroker's assistant to Mr. John Rent, Shewsburv, said on the akh April, the prisoner Smith came to him and offered for pawn the gold alhert chain, and a metal watch for 30s. and 10s. respectively. Their answers not being very satisfactory and seeing the chain was a valuable one, he communi- cated with the online. The other prisoner was standing outside.—P.C. Millington said he received the two pri- soners from the Runcorn police, and charged them with etealing the articles. They admitted their guilt, and said they got drink with the. money and went to the theatre, slept in a field at night.and bought two watches and went to Shrewsbury, where they bought severer articles of clothing. About 394. would be recovered of the £7 stolen. They were sent to gaol for one month.-14r. Jones (the chairman), at the close complimented Mr. Thndels, of Shrewsbury, for his prompt action in reporting the case to the police. DISPUTE WITH A LANDLORD. Benjamin Turton and Sarah Turton, 18. Lloyd-street, off Mill-lane, were each charged at the Warrington Borough Court on Friday, with assaulting and beating Jane Salt, 16, Thelwall-le,- oa the 29th ult. A cross- summons was also taken out against Jane Salt for assaulting Sarah Turton on the same date. Mr. Davies gppea red for Jane Salt, and Mr. Arthur Browne for the Turtons. Mr. Davies in opening the case said that his client formerly was the tenant of a shop belonging to

Mr. Turton in Lloyd-street, at a rent of 6s. 6d. per week. Mr. Turton had previously lived in the shop but had removed to the next door. Complainant paid Turton £l6 for stock on going in. On April last defendant said that he wanted the shop for his own purpose:, Miss Salt told him that he ought to give her time to find another place, but he made no reply. On May Ist defendant brought notice to quit in a week's time. She then asked him to take over tne stock but he refused to have anything. Witness had not gone by May 13, and a county court bailiff came to the shop and served a notice to quit. On May 15, complainant went to pay the rent but defendant refused to take it and on the 24th ult she received a county court summons for the rent. Com- plainant had by this time, a [shop in Thelwall-lane, and on the 29th ult she came with her mother, sister-in-law, and a man named Bedard, to pay her rent which amounted to 19s. 6d. Complainant and Beddard went into tho,house and complainant gave Turton the rent book and the money, and he only marked down 9s. 6d. After a little demur he altered it. Complainant then complained of defendant falsely representing the income of the shop. This seemed to enrage the defendants and Mrs. Turten gave her a blow on the head, and Mr. Turban also struck her several times and Beddard was pushed out of the house. At last she was rescued by her mother breaking in and pulling her out. Complain- ant. William Beddard, Mrs. Salt, and Mrs. Joseph Salt, corroborated Mr. Davies' statements. Mr. Browne denied the assault but said that complainant had called Turton some bad names, and they pushed her out. The magistrates considered the case against Mr. and Mrs. Turton fully proved, and ordered them each to be fined 10s. and costs or 14 days' imprisonment. They were also ordered to pay the advocaie's fee, the fine and costs amounting in all to £2 14s. The case against Jane Salt was dismissed.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

AVARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT.

SATURDIT.—Before Mr. John Burgess (in the chair), and Mr. L. Voisev. . _

BEGGlNG.—Richard-Waring,who'said he was a hawker of pots, and lived at St. Helens, was charged with beg- ging in: Sankey-st. on Friday night. Inspector Spinks said he saw him stop about seven persons. Mr. Burgess complained to the Chief Constable about a person con- tinually begging at his house. Prisoner was fined ss. or sevvn days' imprisonment. THEFT OF SIXPENCE.—ncebe Clark, a young girl, was charged with stealing sixpence from Sarah Ann Ramb- le% aged seven years, in Buttermarket-st. The girl bad been sent to Milling's shop for groceries, and was return- ing with the change when she was met by the defendant, who took the money out of her hands, and afterwards returned her twopence. Defendant denied the offence to her parents, but when P.S.Monaghan appeared on the scene, she admitted hiding it in an entry,at the back of Mersey.st. The Bench recorded a conviction against her. _ .

Detrick AND DISORDERLY.—Mary Turner, was charged with being drunk end disorderly in Scotland-road on Friday night. The Magistrates' Clerk said she appeared the previous week for the same offence, and was then dismissed on promising to leave the town. The magis- trates fined her ss. and costs, or seven days' imprison- ment.

MONDAL—Before Mr. F. Monks (chairman), Alderman Harrison, and Messrs. .1. W. Hayward and S. Wright.

DRUNK AND Dzsoaukkr.g.—Joseph Mitchell, in Market- place on Saturday night, ss. and costs, or seven days ; Elizabeth Yates, in Dial-st., on Saturday night, ss. and coats, or seven days; Edward Burke, in Winwicic-st., on Saturday night, ss.and costs,:m seven dais ; Thos.Sauce, in Winwick-at., on the 15th inst. ss. and costs, or seven days ;Mary Monaghan and Bridget Walsh, in Ship-yard, on the 25th inst., ss. and costs, or seven days each ; Annie Daly, in Marsh House-lane,on the 21st in5t.,24.6.1. including costs ; Paulina Oultram, in Market-place, on the 24th inst., ss. and costs, or seven days —For being drunk. Martin Mannion was fined 10s. and costs, or 14 days. _ _ . .

REFUSING TO QUlT—Jane Mather, 3, Rieby-at., 1r 19 charged with refusing to quit the Stranger's Arm., on Saturday night, and with assaulting Michael Beswick, the landlord. The evidence showed that prisoner had created a disturbance in the public-house, and on being requested to go out, she broke a pint jug on Mr. Bes- wick's face. Prisoner was fined ss. and costs, or seven days' imprisonment. ASSAULT ON A WlFE.—Thomas Lightfoot was sum- moned by his wife Jane Lightfoot, for assaulting her on the 19th inst. Defendant had struck his wife several violent blows, and he was sent to gaol for one month. ASSAULT ON THE POLlCE.—Martin Dolan, Berry's-yard, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Tan- ner's-lane,on Sunday morning, and with assaulting P.C. Clark. Complainant said that prisoner was creating a disturbance along with some other men, and when he requested them to go away, prisoner knocked him on his back, and called upon the other men to " give it him," an he would have been seriously assaulted had not help arrived. Prisoner was sent to gaol for two months' hard labour. A SUSPICIOUS CHARACTER.—Thomas McGuinies was charged with being a convicted thief ,and with frequent- ing Longford-at. with intent to commit felony, on 'Monday morning. P.C. Evans stated that p/ :goner was wandering about inside some houses in course ot erection in Longford-st., and knowing him to have been con- victed several times for felony, he brought him to the Police Station. Prisoner was sent to gaol for seven days. THEFTS.—Martha Barker, Winwick-road, was charged with stealing from the shop of Thomas Mather,Pinner's- brow, a man's vest, man's flannel shirt,and man's night shirt, valued ed., on Saturday night. Mr. Hunt (Chief Constable) said that complainant was a p4wnbroker. On Saturday night prisoner went into the shop to re- deem a pledge, and while in the shop, she took the above-mentioned articles, and put them under her shawl. A parson in the shop saw her, however, and she was arrested. Prisoner was fined ss. including costs, or seven days' imprisonment.—Annis Bendel' was charged with stealing on May 26th, from 37, Scotland-road, a sheet, the property of James Daley. Mr. Hunt (Chief Constable) stated that prisoner lodged at Daley's lodging-house, and Mrs. Daley had occasion to examine her bed and found the sheet missing. Prisoner,who Saw her examining the bed,at once decamped,but came back the next day the worse for drink, and D.S. Monaghan, who had been informed of the theft, at once arrested her. Prisoner was sent to gaol for one month.

TURSDAY.—Before Mr. IL Garnett (chairman). Major Flamer., Mr. E. J. Guest, and Dr. Starkey Smith. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—John Towey was fined ss. including costs, or seven days' imprisonment for com- mitting this offence in Buttertnarket-street, on Monday night. SCHOn CASES.—James Dodd, Percy-at., 25. 63. ; John Fiddler. School Brow, 7s. Bd. ; Joseph Gerrard, Hopwood ot.as. Bd. ; Samuel Hiles, Quay Fold, 2s. 6d. ; John Jones, Gladstone-st., dismissed, the parents consenting to have the boy birched ; Frederick Pritchard, Garibaldi at., 23. ed. ; Edwin Stacey, Pierpnint-et., ss. ; Witliast Thomson, Buckley's Court, 23. 6d.: John McDonald, Bank-st. was summoned for the fifteenth time, and Ma boy proving incorrigible was ordered to be sent to Father Nugent's school until be was 18 years of age. Mr. G. Riley prosecuted. TEMPORARY AOTHORITY.—James Standish was granted temporary authority to sell in the Big Horse Shoe Inn, Horsemarket-st. in the place of Mr. lii'ohaw, and James Charris was granted temporary authority to sell in Holly Branch Inn in the place of James Standish.

TEDIRSDAT.—Before Alderman Chandley (chairman) and Councillor James Fairclough. Ussomm MlND.—Charles Bryant was brought before

===== 0002601_18930603_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
TJIE. EXAIII.I

the magistrates on the charge of wandering abbot the streets, apparently of unsound mind, at 7.30 the same morning.—P.C. Hollingworth stated that he saw prisoner tearing his clothes to tatters in Irlam-at., and as he appeared to bent unsound mind, he locked him up. When questioned he said that he was a sailor, and had come from Liverpool the previous day. He could not tell what day of the week it was. The magistrates I ordered him to be handed over to the relieving officer. SPECIAL PERMISSION.—Peter White, of the Old Ball Inn, asked for permission to use his house during Sun- day morning for an adjourned meeting of the Engineers Society. He promised that no intoxicating drinks should he served during prohibited hours. The appli- cation was granted. FRlDAY.—Before Alderman Harrison (chairman), Alder-

man E. Wright and Councillor if. Roberts. DRUNK IN CHARGE OF A CART.—WM. Plinston, broker, of inward-at., was charged with being drunk while in charge of a horse and cart in Padgate-lane on the pre- vious evening. P.C. Hollingworth said that pgisoner was driving at a furious rate down Patigate-lansi. One wheel was on the parapet, and witness was almost pinned between the railings and the wheel of the cart. Witness stopped the prisoner and found that be was drunk and totally unfit to have charge of the cart. Pri- soner was then locked up. The magistrates inflicted a fine of 10s. and costs or 14 days' imprisonment. WARNING TO Boys.—John Smith, aged 12 years, 14, Raxter-at.. Samuel Iloyles, aged 11 years, 8, Quay Fold, Jonathan Batton, aged 9,1, Quay Fold, and William Warburton, aged 9, 8. Quay Fold, were each charged with throwing stones in Quay Fold, on Sunday after- noon, to the annoyance of passengers. P.C. Roper said that on Sunday he was at Crosfiold's Crossings, and saw the four boys throwing macadam stones into the river. Witness came through the Soapery works entry and canzlit the two elder boys and gat the names of the others. The Chief Constable and Inspector Spinks each said the complaints were very numerous of the throwing of the stones. The Corporation suffered great loss as no less than half a ton of stones were thrown in to the river on Saturday. The magistrates discharged. defendants, but said they would make an example of them if they came there again on a similar charge. ALLEGED IturnEaTsuarr OF A HORSE.—John Ellis was charged with illtreating a horse by working it while in an unfit state on the 7th ult. P.C. Evans stated that defendant was in charge of a horse and lurry, and witness noticed that the horse had a sore on its back from which matter and blood was running. Witness told him to7take it home' which he immediately did. In- spector Dovvty, R.S.P.C.A., said that the wound was al- most the size of half-a-crown. It might have been a heat lump at one time. Defendant said that his horse had a very tender skin, and when be went out in the morning he noticed a heat lump,hut did not see the mat- ' ter until the constable stopped him. Inspector Dowty did not wish to press the case and it was withdrawn. •A SIMMONS FOR THE WRONG Di:rm.—Thomas White, 7, Warhurton-street, was summoned by his wife, for as- saulting her on the 27th ult. As the assault was alleged to have taken place the week previous, the case was di ;missed.

WARRINGTON OCCASIONAL COURT. Werensinsy.—Before Mr. James Tinsley.

. - . ASSAULT ON THE POLICII.--Flenry Smith was charged with being drunk and disorderly at Rixton, on the 30th ult., and with assaulting P.C. Little while in the execu- ti-n of his duty. P.C. Little stated that prisoner and other men came out of the Bowling Green Inn, Rixton, Os the 30th inst., and commenced using bad language. Witn-ss told them to go home, but they refused, prisoner especially being very violent. Witneos took him into custody, but he struck him in the face, and pulled him on the ground, and gave him a blow in the stomach. Witness was almost urconscious when he was rescued by another constable. Prisoner was remanded to the Warrington Petty Sessions,field next Wednesday.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON COUNTY CCURT.

THURSDAY. —More his Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes. CLAIM FOR WAGES —Peter Buckley, a joiner, claimed El 13s. from William Rostock, builder, Stockton Heath, for work done.—Mr. Percy Davies, solicitor, appeared for the defendant. It appears that plaintiff was engaged by the defendant to affix a number of locks and latches to the doors of certain houses that had, been built. Plaintiff said he was on time-work and claimed Bd. an hour, which was what he called the" town wage."—Mr Percy Davies, asserted that plaintiff was engaged on piece work, and was only entitled to 7s. 4d. Defendant put in a counterclaim for 4s. which he alleged he had lent to plaintiff.—His Honour, after hearing the evidtmce was of opinion that plaintiff was employed on piecework and gave judgment tor defendant, both on the claim and on the counter-claim.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS.

MONDAY.—Before Dr. Steele and Mr. Thomas Rigby. DRONE AND DISORDERLY.—The following were fined for drunkenness :—Alice Bothwell, Kate Iteddington,and William Duffy ; Ann Flannigan, for using obscene and profane language, was fined. PITCH AND Toss —Walter Ilazlehurst, John Ball, Michael Moores, William Brown, and William White were summoned for gaming by playing pitch and toss at Belvedere on the 13th May. The ages of the defendants ranged from 21 to 9 years.—Elszlehurst was stated to have inveigled the younger boys into the game. The boys informed the Bench that they were only playing buttons. —The case against White was withdrawn. Razlehurst, who had been previously convicted, was fined 10s. and costs Bs. 6d., or in default 14 days. The other defend- ants were ordered to pay zosts 4s. 61. STREET OBSTRUCTION.—Biram Irlarn and William Ackerley, youths, were summoned for obstructing the footpath in Greenway-road, on Sunday night the 21st May. Irlam did not appear and the case was adjourned for a week. P.C. 44 said the defendants were two of a gang of youths, who were josling and stopping girls.— The superintendent said he had had many complaints of obstruction and he had put men on duty in plain clothes to put a stop to it.—Ackerley denied that he was there at all, but the constable maintained that he was. The Bench dismissed the summons. AN ASTON FARMER AND HIS CART.—William Wilkinson, farmer, Aston by Sutton, was summoned for allowing a cart to be used without having his name painted thereon. Mr. Wilkinson produced his license for the conveyance, and said he did not need his name.—The constable said he had a trap besides the one for which he was sum- moned.—The defendant denied that he had.— Dismissed.

Don AT LAUGE.—William Wood, of Stockham, was fined 53., for allowing Ns dog to be at large in contra- vention of the rabies order.

A HALF-GUINEA Oh:l.—Mrs. Annie Hutchinson, butcher, of 41, Churah-street, was summoned for keep- ing a carriage without having a license.—Mr. Moore,the supervisor, prosecuted on behalf of the Inland Revenue. Mr. Speechlev deposer] that on the 31st March last he was at Sutton, he saw Mrs. Sutton and another lady driving in a light gig, constructed only to carry two persons. He had seen the gig frequently and had told

===== 0002601_18930603_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
ER, SATURDAY, JUNE 3, 1893.

Mrs. Hutchinson that she required a license.—The defendant said it was net good enough for a License and she had since sold it for a sovereign. It was now on aale for ten shillings.—Mr. Speechley said the convey- ance had belonged to Mr. Booth, greengrocer, who had used it for hire.—The Bench imposed a fine of ss. and costs 95. 6d.

FOOTBALL IN THE STREET.—ArnoId Povah, Wilfred Batton, and John Wm. Evans, boys, were each ordered to pay costs 4s. 6d. for playing football in Byron-st. SErriso A HEDGE ON FIHE.—Two boys named Jno. Ashley and William Atherton, ,were charged with daniaging to the extent Of is. a fence belonging to • Henry Ackerley, farmer, Higher Runcorn. Ashley pleaded guilty to having set the hedge on fire, and said Atherton had nothing to do with it.—Mr. Ackerley said there had been a great deal of damage done in this way during the past few weeks.—Ashley was fined ss. and costs 9s. 6d. and Atherton was ordered to pay the costs, 10s. 6d.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
DARESBURY rrrry SESSIONS.

TIIESDAY.—Before Mr. W. C. Jones (in the chair),Messrs. H. Talbot, and Charles Marsorr.

'flair or LEAD.—James Hobert Smith, was charged with stealing on the 13th February one cwt. of lead piping and taps valued at 15s. from the yard of Mr. Charles Wm. Davenport, builder, Stockton Heath.—Mr. Thomas Holland, fruiterer, Warrington, said that on the 13th February he noticed a bag containing lead piping in his yard. He put it in his warehouse and went to in- , form the police.. When en his way he met the prisoner coining to his yard with a wheelbarrow. He asked for the bag, but he refused to give it him until he had ob- tained an order from the police to do so. On going with him to the police station, the prisoner ran away and he (the witness), gave chase, but missed him He' afterwards informed the police: PC. Drew apprehended the prisoner in Warrington. For his defence, prisoner pleaded that he met a man who asked him to sell it for him. It was too late that evening, and he left it at Mr. Holland'a until morning. He was sent to gaol for one month. APPLICATION FOR AN EJFCTvENT ORDER—Mr. Mclntyre chief agent to the Belle Monte estate,applied loran eject- ment warrant against John' Ashley,employed on the Ship, Canal, residing at Grappenhall. M. A. Browne, solici- , tor appeared for Ashley. Mr. Browne- contended that the statutory notice walbad. It had-been made out to Mr. James Ashley, whereas his client's name was John. The magistrates concurred with Mr. Browne, and die- missed the application as they were unable to alter the name.

"HE Tom No OIL in His LM"—Samuel Littler, was charged with riding a bicycle without a lighted lamp at Whitley, on the 26th April, in Warrington-road. When stoprei by the constable he said he had forgotten to put oil in his lamp. He was fined 24. 6d. including costs.

A SLREPY DRIVER.—Jbhn Baguley, Warrington, was charged with having been asleep whilst in charge of a horse and cart at Acton Grange,on the 7th May. When stopped by P.C. Shetwell he found the defendant asleep at the bottom of the car', and the reins dangling at the horse's feet. Be was fined ss. and costs.

ALLEGED CRUELTY TO lionsEs.—Thomas Roberts was , charged with working a horse in an unfit state, op the 23rd April, at Dutton, and William Wilkinson was , charged with causing it to be worked. The horse and ' cart was stopped in Northwich-road, Dutton, and it was found that it had a raw wound on the shoulder about the size of half-a-crown. In reply to the constables, the driver said his master knew all about it.—lnspector Dowty (R.S.P.C.A.)said it was impossible to put a collar on the horse without touching the wound.—Mr. Wilkin- son denied that he had any knowledge of the sore. Ne examined the wound when the horse was brought in and found that a sixpence would cover the wound.—Thomas Roberts,in the employ of Mr.Virilkinson,said he cleaned the mare every morning. The skin of the sore was not broken when the horse was turned out. It had not been worked for about six weeks. The magistrates dismissed the case. —William Helsby was charged with working a horse in an unfit state at Daresbury,on the 18th April. Inspect. Dowty said he was on the canal side when he met the defendant with a horse attached to a boat. The horse had a wound on each shoulder, and blood and matter were running down. Re went to the owner at Runcorn. who at once telegraphed to have the horse destroyed. The owner blamed the man for taking it out, as it had not been worked for some time, and there were other ponies in the stable at the time. He did not wish to press the case,as the man was in poorcircumstances and had been out of work for seme time. The magistrates, thereffire, dealt leniently with the defendant, and fined him with the costs 4s. 61. _ _

ZIIANSFRIL o Llcorsa.—An application was made for the transfer of the license of the Dog and Dart public- house from Wm. Daintech to' George Simcock. The ap- plication was granted.

THEFT OF A SPADE, —John Edward Drinkwater was charged with stealing a spade. value 4s. 6d., the pro- perty of Mr. J. L. Jones, Red Lion Inn, Moore. The prisoner sold the spade to Mr. E. Green, Bridge Foot, Warrington, for a shilling. P.C. Shetwell said he re- ceived information on the 19th inst., and met the prisoner in Walton Inferior and charged him with steal- ing the spade. After some hesitation he admitted selling the spade for a shilling. He was sent to gaol for 14 days.

CRICKET.

Secretarise of Crictmt Clubs are requested to note that reports of matches played on Satm.day most be sent to the head office, Bevrrey-street. Warrington, not later than ten o'clock on Wedneeday morning.

CRICKETERS, Lawn Tennisers, null Golfers are reminded that GEO. G. BOBSEY & Co., manufacture high-dies requisites. Their new catalogue is obtainahle from Local Dealers or the Sports Manufactory, Peckham Rye, S.E. Trade ESSflreet Mark.

BANK QUAY WORKINGMEN'S MISSION-JUNIORS v. BUCK- LEY-ST.—This match was played at Bank Quay, on Saturday, and resulted in a win for PAickley-st. by 105 runs to 19 runs. For Beckley-A. J. Pugh ran 38 and Hinchcliffe 30. GOLBORNN ST. BAPTISTS T. BRICK-ST, AND FRIARS% GREEN MISSION.—This matcia was played on the ground of the former. on Saturday,ead resulted in a win for the Baptists by 16 runs. For the home team Woods batted well, and Brown and Patrick did good serrice with the ball. For the visitors Bibby played a good game. Score: —Baptists, 34; Brick-st., 18.

ARPLET JUNIORS V. BEWSEY WHITS: Sien.—Thia match was played on the Star ground,. and resulted in a win for the juniors by 70 runs to 64. Clegg did good scoring for the Juniors and Perry" knocked 21 for the-White Star.

BANK-ST. MISSION V. EARLESTOWN BAPTIST.—PIayed at Warrington on Saturday and resulted in a win for the borne team by 20 runs. The scores were 43 against AS. RUNCORN 2ND V. ROUGH Gillum—This match • Was played at Hough Green, on Saturday, and resulted in an easy victory for the homesters, for whom J. Booth batted and bowled well. Kyle also bowled well for them,as did Tickle for Runcorn, clean bowling five menk Runcorn lose the toss, but were sent to the wickets first. Score :—Runcorn 22 ; Hough Green 40. RUNCORN BETHESDA GUILD V. WIDNES VICTORIA.— Played at Runcorn. Houghton took eight wickets for runs. Score :—Bethesda, 69; Widnes, 34. PEARSON AND KNOWLES V. VVESTON (" A " This match was played at Weston, on Saturday, and resulted in an easy victory for the home team. Lightfoot bowled well for the home team, taking eight wickets for 15 runs, while Peacock and Pendlebury did good service with the bat. Score :—Pearson and Knowles, 31; Wes- ton, 91. _ _ _

WARRINGTON V. LIVERPOOL —Quite 1,500 spectators witnessed the match at Arpley, on Saturday. The visitors took the first innings and were "all out" for 92 runs, Messrs. R. Smith and S. M. Crosfield, Sugg and J. J. Crosfield did the bowling. The latter gentleman took three wickets for no runs. Warrington started dis- astrously, for Mr. 3.3. Crosfield was bowled first over, both Sugg and H. Reynolds showed a partiality for Child's bowling, with tbe result that A. G. Steel took the ball from the junior professional. At 21 Reynolds was tempted out, whilst the next ball proved too much for S. M. Crosfield. Disasters did not stay here, for at n both Sugg and 0 Clarke were dismissed, the former being lbw, and the latter bowled next over. At 30 Tyler was c and b by A. G. Steel, and the prospects of War- rington gaining the day was indeed remote. However, on Toisey joining his captain some capital batting was witnessed, and the spectators were raised to a high pitch of enthusiasm, every run being hailed with cheers. At 47 Hampson bowled Voisey, and Clark came to the assistance of Smith. The latter now hit out, and bound- aries from both bowlers were chronicled. A change was deemed advisable at 78, Child resuming at his original end, and his first ball proved too much for Clark. Smith continued to bat confidently, but at 82 he was caught and bowled by Hampson, a decision which certainly did not meet with the approval of the excited spectators. His 34 runs were made up by fine cricket, displaying patience when necessary, With Podmore joining Bell, hopes were still entertained that Warrington would still gain the day, but at 88 the end came, Bell placing one ia the bands of short slip, the locals thus losing by four runs. The following are the scores : trrnapoor... WAlt

__IRINGTON. A G Steele a Clark b J J Crosfield b Hampeon 0 Smith D Q Steele eTyler b S M 11 Reynolds et Ramble b Crosfield H B Brutton cS M Cron- _ S M Crosfield bA G Steele 0

—lei7i;"l-3-iiiti3-- ---- 7 1-1 6-rniti-C--a-ii-d-h-iiiiii,;;Vi 34 W O'Dwyer b 8 M Cros- G Clarke b Hampson field 0 W R 8 Tyler c and b A G El Roper b S2l Crosfield 9 Steele A T Kemble bS M Cros- L A Voisey b !lampoon— field R 0 Dunlop o Clarke b J R Fell o D Q Steel b AG 3 Crosfield 2O Steel 6 3 H Daniels c S M Clot- W H Podmore not out 2 field b Smith l7 Hampton ° Smith b J J _ 5 .

Crc:-sfield

N J not out 0 Child e Podmore b J J Crosfleld

Extras 6 Extras 8

===== 0002601_18930603_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
Total.. 92 LIVERPOOL. BOWLING ANALYSIS.

Total WARRINGTON.

0. M. R W. 0. M. R. W. 14 M Croat%ld 23 6 50 5 Hampson R Sraith Sugg 3 3 Crosfleld 2 2 0 3

WARR/NOTON 2ND V. BOLTON 2ND.—This match was played at Bolton on Saturday. Scores :

- - WARRINGTON. _ BOLTON. Jolley b Feather .... 0 Barnwell c Jeans b B‘bby 11 Bibby b Feather Williamson b Feather 0 Stanley b Jefferson l2 Jefferson ran out 42 L ldlaw not out Unsworth b Feather Jeans c Hart b Feathers Brown b Feather l5 Feather b Unsworth Isherwood b Feather Parry not out 5 Scobln not out . l5 Dunn b Feather 2 Hampson c Feather b Laid- ...

, low extras l7 Extras . 2

Total 121

Tot al

ORFORD • CRESCENT v. BRWSKT ENGINEERS. —The Orford Crescents met the Bewsey Engineers on Satur- day, the match being played on the ground of the latter. Scores :

ORFORD CRESCENTS. BERSEY ENGINEERS. W Ball b Llewellyn P Ball o Taylor b Bradley 4 Bradley c Jolley b Man. r 0 J Jones b Bradley ...... ..... 0 Forster hit wicket b Hogan c Bradley b Jolley Llewellyn It Jones run out ' 26 Llewellyn C Jolley b Milner c Llewellyn b Makin 11 Milner Jolley not out l9 Makin run out linitham c and b Bradley 2 Armitage b Milner Appleton e Forster b Gibson b Jones , l5 Gibson .. . .._.. _

llWham b Bradley ...... 0 13011171(5f, b Milner Butterworth b Bradley ... 0 Bate Itt out Extras

Total Bl

Total .........• 53

LATCHFORD 131` V. WAVERTRER 2ND.—Played at Waver- tree on Saturday last, and re-mired in an easy in for Latchford. Boardman took 7 wicke,s for 11 runs. Latchford scored 48 against Wavertree 26.

PRESCOT V. WIDNES.—Played at Widnes on Saturday. A. Simin took five wickets for 2.6 runs and Clarke four for 26. Ecnre

WIDNES. YRESCOT. Atherton b Slmm. Hamwon b Clarke Callen b Clarke Saddler b Simm Walton bSI rum II Daviosc Atherton b Bing- Beesley b Slinm Wareing b Clarke 2 Simm c Wareing b Sadler 14 Moores) WhltfieldbSimm 1 Evans c Be tee b Sadler. 20 Maher not out Bingham cDaViesbClarke 2 Player o Bingham b Callon 11 Buckley run oat 2 Whitfield c Beesley b Sadler 0 Clarke t Ca110n......., 0 'Stott not oat 0 Extras 0 Extras..

Total. ....... .... 46

...... 82

WESTON V. PEARSoN AND ENOWLE3.—TDIS match Was played at Warrington, on Saturday, in favourable wea- ther, and resulted in a draw. The home team, went in to bat, and made 90' runs for the loss of seven wickets, and then declared their innings closed. The visitors then went in, and at the call of time had scored ST runs for eight wicksts. Score :

PEARSON AND I:NOMEN. WEVPON. Taylor o Banks b. Tud'or, G A Tudor c Oxley, I) jun Thorpe b Tudor jun - 2 Thompson b Tudor san• 0 J Pendl,Mury run out 5 B am= cand b G Tlador lO J Tudor jun b Beaman ... 4 Palmer b G Tudor IR Bleaklev 0 Palmer l:S _ . __

Gough not out. l2 Div es. .... 3 Davey b Hughes 4 J 13, pokes b Thompson... g Chadwick b Tudor jun, 2 P Brookes b Beaman 16 Oxley not out Ashton and Shaw to bat J Tudor sen not out 5 Owen and C Pendlebury to bat Extras

Total

Total

Rusconn v. CrAnsmoon:—Played at Runcorn on Satur- day. The Rev. G. H. Kingston and Frith hatted well. Thurson took three wickets for nruns, and Gatley three for eight runs. Score :

RUNCORN. CLUBMOOR. IThrtoll (pro.) b Murphy 0 Gibion e and b Gatley ... 4 Crompton b Murphy G S Frith b Puleon RAN, 011 Kingston run out 58' Newton o Woods b Gatiev 0 Woods st Grant b Pntson ... 16' Pulsoo A Burton 4 Gatley b Pulson Linnker b Pulson 3M Frith not out Cross b Gibson 3 Lawson not out 4 Pope b Hay 2 Green c Sharp b Hay . 8 . ..

Extris .' 12

Total 159

Extras ll

Tots? 49

SANKEY WESLEYANS V. St. HP.L.F.N.%Y.M CA.—This match Was played at Mill Lane and resulted hi a win for the home team by 46 runs. S, ore :

SS'. HELENS Y.M.a.A. NANICEY WTBLETANS. Lowe b Watkins Sherrington It Clare b Sherrington 28

Watkins 0 R Sudlow"b Lowe Bold b Watkins Net Id b Bailey Marsh b Bailey ll W Miles run out 2 Lamb b Watkins Mees b Watkins - ...... 6 Gray c Switow b Watkins.- 1 T Sitnpttonstr Nees h Lowe 2 R B Bower run out 3 B Wa,kins b Marsh 3 J. Bower run out X 8 Bower not out 5 Extras 2 Extras

Total 3l

MEM ...... ...-.... 76

FRIENDS' SCHOOL, PRIACHTTI, V. SANKEY WIRE MILLS.— This match was played at Penketh on Saturday. The followine are the snores

SANKEY WIRE MILLS. PENKETERCHOOL. F Williams o Woo'man b Linney b Marshall Pallard T Williams b Smith 2 Cooke o JOlley b Marshall 1 Evans b Smith 0 Wonlman _ o }lvan* b _

Jolley °Reynolds b Pollard 3 Marshall 7 Marshall b•Smlth Ellis b Pollard , 6 Theobald c and b Marshall 2 Hobson et Linney b Pollard 2 Reynolds b Hbbson 26 Johnson b Smith 1 Charnock c Renrlght b Woodcock c Wareing b Hobson 1 Pollard

Kenright not out 1 Darbyshlre b Hobson ...... Man it lAnney b Pollard 2 Sutton o Hobson b Marshall Itztras

Total

..... 75

BOWLING:

===== 0002601_18930603_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FINEST TEA THE

PER LB. WORLD CAN PRODUCE. 1S • 111 7 ,INo Higher Price.

10 32 °,l

11.4ii-daenteo

liddievrieta

,°oret--7 10 540 ' 10 40 1 ' 6 25 43, 3 1 l'&12'• 5 0 15—ittte —6 t„re, tikinda3 29 I"°n-2 08k; 7;i:327' 5 a. bt, .ac 3 ~ens (10 48 a 4. • 9 45. ' Thel 238 3 • a so, 4 Iv' 80. , 52, 3 „ (L. 48kt 20,4 w' ay 5 2 °n ,°'3 t 24 6 49, 5 4 8 '1 gton i)st.tolillridg 61.mday .llttatr and Iti)4, 26. 1 Iliti°*-7 O. 114 `theact- a 45 i'magha 'JU,2S 7

Ll:otring S Aletree 3.5. /shear a [llVg 949 Eisrrow [hys 240, +Armin 11,51.8. 4YR erii7 91rrj 11 5,3 kilaekbu 1.847, nisch 47, sun rtilton 40, is 2;8, hernles. Carlisle 0„1,5. Sat wAlegt, 22.6 85• 5.1 : 11, 235, 1 38. .1 Garesbu 144dity 8 berhy_ 1ue847. 5 hariesto 10. 115 0' ' Seeles ti7u if'diubur Plddler's 1 62, 5 4. 'aye • Only' 5.2 S. 4 431 0. 9 biu tPted.t Slao 40. g°vr Rolborne T, 10 P"Nh G 2v 6 18, ,i.to hitiattirda ao'l"4 nuZ

===== 0002601_18930603_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
WADDINGTON AND DISTRICI• LEAGUE.

BIILLB,HEAD v. CEMBTERY.—These bowlers met on Saturday, and much interest was centred in the match: These did the scores : BULLS HEAI9. CRIUSTIZRY. R Fairbrother D Wilcox. T Hackett BShaw 15 W Povey Fier Turner 6 Georre Ball B Hall . T Locker l5 S Stirrup - 1 D Daniels F Berry ' W Bokon J Shaw ' l2 R Sewell l5 T Critchley

Total 156 Total 134 LEGH CHALLENGE COMPEMION.

The following 'cliiL mt on —iaTu7SZ; -;t-it:ernoon.— VIADUCT INSTITUTI v. AEHTON R'CRFATION. EA RL"STOWN. ASHTON 3.IICREATION.

At Ashton.

W Grimshaw 2IG Rlncicll!Ye J Finch (cmpt.) 2l R Hart (cap t) t t

F Davies.

8 T_,ltmeionr 2l

CI Butler 8 W 1-11pon John Lowe 2l. J Sutton 2O John Ilottram J' TdeAttee . .

%V Pilling

Total 128 At Earle,town.

Teta l 152

---.. R Sherlock(capt ) ii 3 lii ek son • 15 It Green J Watson J Mitchell

G .3lones - -

JGe •

J Savage 2l J Dooley (sea) P Talbot l3 J Pennington

Total 282 Total 240 Majority for Earlestown 42.

THE FULL VALUE OF EVERY ia LEGITIMATE MEDICINAL PROPERTY a" EMBODIED IN St. JACOBS OIL

===== 0002601_18930603_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
,

,' ,1. .. 1 Ire.e' ' ISL 6 40.16.6 „ • , , .6as 7 c 1144 , io. . a so. 4 pool (c , hoitoe6, 555 -7 1 lal,plit, (3 ~ e ,ir6314-6 5( 1 (41 l'''rn• Z , NAT....., ~, ' 9XOv. a 4b, 57; . ' ' 901,11 A .5 99 4 (heel C •623 7 4,, v. 9 6 v. 65 I) • 7 t,areenue kiebote.'7b6Y7-. aY-4-5 kl" 730, 47 r?- 4843,,,5'ont?uni‘j'al. 4 IleAl IY. 2 11.6el!ii--616. 1.41141A+r 1 6 7 4414 ,•,- ' 1 14461•24(,061154,„. 21 91.0'e 1,35 kuli af,' co,'il 11,,,`,V,c,,,-10 , 10 • t,llo46,,urSre un litiyrcio•i 7 11, 4. 1° a'l c a 0 atkhr,, ' 6 6 a a:34 22, ort—k (z I a 7). 3 Ceti ( 1,.: a 401.35 Iso, 4 , 46. ", 6 2 8 21'iveel„,, i 2 20. 9 ,ss, leC , 11?016, a 4., °a:: sa, 9 „ °lly. 20. 0 1 ' 2 tj.ll4doxi (L 5 30 6. 411 (21. i 2 2a6.114,b5 11144. T'' 215' 7 2.‘' 8,42154,11 j. 5.7, q44n3'e)te3 °' 7 40., 2 0, rer e aetio,,, 4( '47, '9 38, 10r 9ao 5 6 , 'kW 19 40, 1 1 tIT "Y 4 01 l' 11:10cil"Wi 't 1 lle rt'--7eoi ,1, 5„%t0,..,...; 7 60'. 1.2 40" ' a66'',5 pots:, • 11 66 (194tt...._ 20 7 4 0 rett.,o ' 9 le 44 25 .-(4 7. 5, . 6 45 49 4 36, 112, neo ( 165 t. ti,i,, 8 as. 2 10. 'llB Ti 6 56 95. 4 le'lwalt 5 2 z 9. bO 42 -71 . 7 2,:j • 6 5 WM ...Z7 ~rlp, k 2'915' I a ta• 4 1-, 4` •

===== 0002601_18930603_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.M?rv"*'

===== 0002601_18930603_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
ir • I 'Err . et t • '; ; THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, JUNE 3.

In BALE the TIME, (7 _.. withyou H act ant' t h e L abo producer I '''''' - - -- ?..,., 7 1 14'12 lo POLISHfV4::IESPIT;InGSy i. 1N Packetst". I g,..qd plovayttryllafrrack-keDitessozda.ol \ . EASIEST,'QUICKESr, ell, cz-- A;..!:..ir es BEST. •j1.1.7.0,11)' I —7-I.,,iti v ,7',..1... ,- z., f , - , •LIQUt b. ti..''',, 4j'. ' • , p n I ..1...-1.. Iv! ciA L. F U Li Sll mm Gives to Metal Articles of every Description (Gold, Silver, Copper_ .?"ra,-, Ft,el, Ike., also Glass) a Beautiful Soh ...*,........ant Polish, which lasts Br x TIMES AS LONG WITHOUT TkRNIBHING as other kinds. NO LABOUR, NO MIXING, NO SCRATCHES. CAM in. BOUDOIR, KITCHEN, STABLE, SHOP, &C. Polishes anything anywhere: indoors or outdoors.

biE•‘

Contains Starch Gloss. Borax, Guru, Wax, &e Requires NO ADDITION OT PREPARATION. Saves Time, Labour and Uncertainty. , Produces It GAIITIFUL HITE GLOSSY LINEN.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
% At, '..JUIft

A , 4„1::

===== 0002601_18930603_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

===== 0002601_18930603_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
EUMATISM. SORE THROAT FROM COLD. STIFFNESS

E

N

0

y

EVERYBODY CAN GET IT rllO/1:-

for the Si

T

A. E. A. SMITH— BOWDON...HOUSEHOLD STORES SUTTON OAK BLAIR AND Co. Buttermarket-street (corner of CO., Oxford-Rd, ST. HELENS M. BOHAN. Academy-street) ; and 41, Win- CROFT ...JAMES UNSWORTH, Juar. TILSTON J. WILLETT. wick-street, WARRIN‘,TON. EARLESTOWN T. MOLYNEUX. TATTENIFIALL G. NIORGAN 31, Mersey-road, WIDNES ; AND MIDDLEWICH ... . ... .. W. lUMSEY. TRANMERE...M. A. BURGESS & 36, Market-st., EAHLEsTOWN. MARPLE W. BI3A DBURY. CO., 28, Church-Rd. ACTON BRIDGE ...A. C. MOULTON ROCK FERRY...W HOPKINSON, WIDNES R WEBSTER BETTESFIELD, Near Mita-torch 96, 98, Bedfotd•Rd. WIGAN •H. LITHERLAND. ' J. L. HUXLEY.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVERPOOL ... GENERAL SUPPLY ASSOCIATION, 17, COLQUITC-STREET.

List of Local Agents now completing, and will be published here regularly. Applications for the few remaining vacancies to be addressed to the troprietors of " VENOYA " TEA, 19 and 20, Camomile-street, London, E.O Only one. Agent, who must be a leading Grocer, will be appointed for each neighbourhood.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPORTANT TO FARMERS t

THE MANCHESTER CORPORATION CONCENTRATED MANURE, MADE FROM BLOOD. BONES, PURL AND DRIED ANIMA& M.ft,TTI R., sre., From the city slaughter -houses, markets, etc., Contains from 31 to 4 per cent. AMMONIA and 8i to 10 per cent. BONE PHOSPHATES. Analysis Guaranterd, 23 PER TONca.rrip,eglel‘p-eari—t-nt -d• the unelaortesstwßiatillZ;g tamtl°esn' Supply strictly limited. lor Samples, Testimonials, de., apply to H. WHILEY, SUPERINTENDENT, CLEANSING DEPARTMENT, TOWN HALL, MANDEB TER OR TO MR. BOLD ALDRED, STAMFORD-ROAD, ALTRINCHAM

A BOON TO LADIES. A BOON TO LADIES. A BOON TO LADIES. AN English Surgeon Specialist will forward (free of charge) full particulars of a remedy which, during an extensive practice in England and the Colonies, be has never known to fail in the MOST OBSTINATE CASE OF OBSTRUCTION AND IRREGULARITIES. Forward addressed envelope for full partivniars, and waste no more time and money on useless pills and so-called remed- ies, Az_ which, in the majority of cases, are nothing but purgatives. and cause siekness, prostration, and pain, with- out having the desired result. Letters to be addressed to— THE SURGKON, GOTHIC HOUSE, 9 ER,KINE-ST.. LIVERPOOL

W. GEE TAYLOR'S

===== 0002601_18930603_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
ECZEMA CURE

At once stops irritation, and cures all SKIN DISEASES. Contains NO POISON. Does not Stain. Price Is. lid. and 2s. 9d., or Postal Order Is. 3d. & 3s, from Sole Proprietor. Agents wanted.

W. GEE TAYLOR. Chemist, Hungerford. Berks

SILVER MEDAL, EDINBURGH, 1190 GOLD MEDAL. JAMAICA, 1891. GOLD MEDAL, DERBY, 1881.

COLEMAN'S

WINCARNIS, OR LIMO'S EXTRACT OF MEAT AND MALT WINE. WINCARNIS Is the New Name Regis•ered to Prevent Fraudulent Imitations. OVER TWO THOUSAND Unsolicited Testimonials have been received from Meoical Men. IMPORTANT UNSOLICITED TESTIMONIAL FROM Dr. MATTHEWS. Dereham-road, Norwich. Dereham-road, Norwich, June 13th, 18.92. Gentlemen,—You have been kind enou eh to send me several free orders for your " Wincarnis." and it has given much ',lief to several who were in a dying state—they could take the" Wincarnis "when everything else was rejected. I am now begging the favour of asking you if you can do a w rk of charity in giving a poor dying man some of your 'Wincarnis." It has kept him up some weeks. He is suffer- ing from an internal cancer. His means are all gone Friende and his family have purchased two large b Utica weekly_ They cannot afford him more. He has had the most expene sly, wines, but nothing suits him Ilk the' Wincarnis." The case is urgent. The gentleman has filled an important posi- tion in this emmty.but his means are goae.—Yonrs W. MATTHEWS. Messrs. Coleman and Co.. Limited.

WINCARNIS Is sold by all Druggists, Wine Merchants, and Patent Mediciee Vendors. Ask for COLEMAN'S •• WINCARNIS," or LIEBIG'S EXTRACT OF MEAT AND MALT WINE, and see that the word WINCANNIS is on the shoulder of tbe bottle. If there is any difficulty in getting the Wine, write direct to the Manufacturers, who will forward Sample Pint Bottle Free by Post on receipt of 33 stampe. „ Doz. Rail OP 306, Sole Manufacturers: COLENIAN & CO., Limrl, George's and Bank Plain, Norwich; and 3, New London-st, London, W.C. 1 Sole Proprietors of Ozotrzon," the New Beef Tea, and also Coleman's Crown Imperial Invalid Stout which is strongly recommended by the Medical Faculty.

WOODS' PATENT GALVANISED STEEL WIRE MATIRESSES, With French and Persian Bedsteads eompletas To be seen carrying ONE TON. We Challenge r.-iy other Wire Mattress io stand this Test it But is it ever re- / wired of a Mattress that it should carry-'P / one ton I Certainly ut 7 not. Hitherto the 32 .oainst the use of Wire has been that they - a time, which was r„ ve this severe test to U they do within E ones.

prove that ours years we will rep)

give If

To be had from THOMAS SUTTON, Sale Rooms, Legh Street. oi THR LONGFORD WIRE Co. Limited WARRINGTON. j

ii(t KEATING'S POWDER." Kills Fleas. Bugs, Moths, Beetles.

-rr EATING'S •T' OWDEL". ti.. , Mine Flese, Bogs, Moths,

44 wZATING'S POWDER," moths. geodes.< - Fleas, Bags, 44 KEATING'S POWDER:" Kills Pleas, Brigs, Moths, Beetles.

X __.,.---."

Jo. 1035—Areach. • "I,•ti • F . E.,•••'7 -- • not. fr-41. Mattresses . etret ebed after tr. ,c true. We will not stretch. '-^c with flew'

===== 0002601_18930603_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
_ KEATING'S POWDR.."

This powder. so celebrated. is perfectly unrivalled in destroying BUGS. FLRAS, MOTHS. BHHTLEiI. and all Insects (whilst perfectly harmless to all animal life). All Woollens and furs should be well sprinkled with the Powder before placing away. It is invaluable to take to the See Ade. To avoid disappointment insist upon having •• Keating's Powder." No ether Powder is effectual Sold on'y US tins, 6d., is., and 2s. 64. Be,vare of imitations. Don't be deceived.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
WORMS IN CHILDREN,

. WORMS IN CHILDREN, are easily. surely. and with perfect safety got rid of by using R.RATING'S WORM TABLRTS. Nearly all children suffer from Worms. If suspected. do not wait; yon can with ease cure the child (has no effect except on worms). Bead by all °herniate, in Tins ls. Welsch.

Fer all Societies. Send for free illuetrated Catalogue. SI IA1( 13 0 gO. TfITILL 83. City-road, London

===== 0002601_18930603_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
THIS GILLED MEDICINE

A GRIPPIN

7 iktl

Is a certain cure for any of the followlng disordera :

MIIASLES, SCARLET FEVER, TYPHOID FEVER,

SMALLPDX, INFLAMMATION OF THE LUNGS, ERYSIPELAS, DIPTHEIIA, PLEURISY, or other INFLAMMATIONS : BLOOD POISONING, IN- FLUENZA, COLD IN THE HEAD, SICK HEAD- ACHE, BITES OF ANIMALS, INFECTIOUS awl CONTAGIOUS DISEASES.

SOLD BY JOSEPH BIBBY, Grocer, St. James's-etreet,

Latchford.

Prepared only by

T. FORSTER, EARLESTOWN. LANCASHIRE.

IMIT YOUR FAMILY by.a. flew Invrfitton, four gamin I for sarnple.-43. ANDREW. 54. Perth-rd., Loudon, N.

ARISTOTLICS WORKS. with plates 32 pages, 30 stampti. "Paris by night, or Gay Life in Paris" ; inu.trated 3C stamps.—Postfree Bowicalt, 27, itenshaw-et., L verpool

_ IDXOHAIGB for Stampwl %lyelope for particulars., Mr- rled Lady ha a mO4 va ttable !oration roof PS for ladies.—hba. BATLEY, Broad-st., Nottingham.

TOWLE'S, PENNYROYAL & STEEL PI IL for Females, quickly correct all irregularities, re.nove ali with the sex. Boxes Is. lid. sod 28. Ski. of all ehem.t4 '31364=10n5, and relieve the distressing symptoms so preva- lentsent anywhPre on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by th« maker, E. T. Tains, Chrrnist, Nottingham .

ONE BOX OF CLARKE& B 41 PILLS is war, ranted to cure all &sonatas from the lUrtnar). Organs. in either sea (acquired or conatitiationat). Gravel and Pains In the back. (3 uaranteed tree from %Screwy. Sold iri antes, 4. 64. earb, by all Chemists and Pateht Medicine Vendors, throughout the World ;Or cent tunny athireav for sixty stamps by the Maker", Tlie. LINCOLN 6211 lIroLaND COUaiE. 1)/tUd COMPANY, Llncohi:l Who:eaale ,tgent; BaIICYL/T a •.:•oNs, , Leaden, and all the Wholeaale

===== 0002601_18930603_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
BURY'S

SNOWDRIFT

CAKE FLOUR.

PADLOCK BRAND.

IT'S A 3IARVELI

SOLD BY

===== 0002601_18930603_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
GROCERS EVERYWHERE.

N 0 TICE.

If you require a REALLY GOOD QUALITY SPONGE ter the Summer, look In at SANKEY-STREET PHARMACY where a special line in BINT HONEY-COMB SPONGES is being shown. trout 6d. to 18s. NOTE THE NAME AND ADDRESS: HENRY NI. ASHTON. 83, Sankey-st., (Opposite Leh-st.,) Warrington.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
Zattro to tin Obitor.

MINING ROYALTIES.

Sir,—l hope that anyone who has got it into his head that mining royalties have nothing whatever to do with trade will consider the facts given in the letter from " Observer," which you published last Saturday. These facts are interesting and thoroughly germane to the question. I rather regretted the last sentence in the letter, because I cannot agree with " Observer" that nationalisation of the land has yet risen above the horizon of practical politics. Some two or three years since a deputation waited upon Mr. Morley in Newcastle, and, as your readers may remember, consulted him among things on the question of nationalising railways. He reminded them of one diffi- culty, which they did not seem to have sufficiently con- sidered, namely, the trifling formality of payment. Aput from other questions, that is an obstacle in the way of land nationalisation, which, so far as I know,no responsible and influential politician of the present day is prepared to face. I have no intention, however, of entering upon a discussion of this question, nor is this passing reference to it my object in writing. May 1, therefore, in conclusion, again thank " Ob- server" for the thoroughness with which he is examin- ing the question of royalties, and jutt draw attention to the rather significant omission by your contemporary of one of his most striking illustrations, which has been carefully expunged from the letter, otherwise printed in full same as in "Examiner."—Yours, truly,

A. H. CgoSFIELD.

THE NAMING OF THE INFIRMARY WARDS. Sir.—l have no wish to dispute the claims of the per- sons of local worth whose names were attached on Thursday to the wards of the Infirmary ; but I do wish to express my astonishment that the name of the late Mr. Samuel Rigby was not chosen to receive that honour in connection with the Institution he did se much, both by gifts and labour, to es ablish it on its present basis. If lam not wrong, Mr. Rigby vras a prime mover in the erection of the builling which has now been extended, and I know that he was a generous donor and faithful worker in its interests. The inclusion of his name would have been no more than his due, and would, moreover, have been a proper recognition that the work and gene- rosity which support the Infirmary, are not alone be- stowed by Churchmen and Conservatives. As it is— quite erroneously and unjustly—it would seem as if only these parties had anything to do with this Institution. I can only charitably surmh.ethat the somewhat select and unrepresentative committee which has arranged these proceedings had forgotten that Mr. Rigby had been the 'zealous friend of the Infirmary before some of themselves had ever been much heard of in connection with it. But I certainly feel that I am not alone in the conviction that if any local name deserved perpetuation in this In- stitution it is the name of Rigby.—Yours faithfully,

A SUBSCRIBER TO THE EXTENSION. June 2nd, 1893.

Another correspondent writes: "Is the Infirmary given over to the Tories absolutely? I can understand a " Beamont Ward" and even a" Winmarleigh Ward," but why the others? Hai the name of "Samuel Rigby," passed out of the memories of Warringtonians entirely? cry shame on the Committee of Selection who could so cruelly ignore the work and interest which for many years wa% so conspicuously shown in this institution by one of the greatest local benefactors of our age. I fear that to be a Liberal and a Dissenter in this benighted town is in the eyes of the Tory, Church, Brewery party an unpardonable offence."

===== 0002601_18930603_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
OAbIBLING ON ADULT AND CHILDREN'S LIVES.

Sir,—No reply has yet appeared to my letter in your issue of May 20. Ido not feel surprised at the, fact after the repeated appeals for information in other quarters. The conclusion I have arrived at is,that these practises and methods must exist, or those who live by their existence would soon find thainselves out of wsrk. Now that I have stated a few of the grievances which I believe to exist, I will proceed to give a few specimen cases which can be proven by documentary and other evidence.

A working-man and his wife and five children were -entered in a collecting Friendly Society (having agencies in almost every town). Separate policies were issued on the adults,anuther on the two eldest children,and another on the three younger children. All this family were en- tered without a single signature being asked for or re- ceived by the agent. The two eldest children resided in another county, and were net seen by any official, as regards state of health, &c. No declaration was sub- mitted whether they were suffering from any disease or ailment, or even consumption. The agent only required Dames, ages, the same address for all, and, of course,the premiums and the bargain were struck,and policies same in two weeks. The man was astonished to see the poli- cies issued on such grounds. Ho appealed to agent, district manager, and chief secretary to enlighten him as to their genuinness, and from all came the same answer—that he need not alarm himself,because he was well and legally assured as well as the family, the chief secretary adding that hundreds of thousands of pounds had been received from and paid to members on such policies, and it was absurd to suppose anything wrong because they had received and paid such vast sums without interference. The man appealed to the "Legal Adviser" of a celebrated weekly paper, and the follow- ing is the public advice They are in the nature of gambling policies and are illegal by Statute, that is to say, the money professed to be assured by therm could not be recovered by law. Put such policies aro issued in enormous numbers,and apparently nothing but strong levislation will stop this gambling in lives. Presumably you have laid the facts before the society!' Having received such pronounced opinion upon the policies obtained without signatures, or a basis of contract, the lian applied for the return of premiums, or submit the enatter to the chief registrar, but the office was silent upon such a proposal,and the family must be lapsed and forfeit the premiums if he will not spend more money to test the conflicting evidence of legality.

As regards the legal aspect of such proceedings, and also upon the question whether an office can issue millions of policies, without signatures under £l2, and at same time demand signatures where the amount is £l3 and over ; r must leave such a matter for better informed men, but such a system opens out a clear gap to admit any number of unprincipled persons to secure money, they have no right to participate and share with honest assurers.

Other similar societies and companies use specified forms, with binding answers and declarations, and these have tm be signed by the assurer and witnessed. About 16 to 20 questions have to he answered, relating to age, health, disease, family history,if previously assured and policy nos. and to what office. This process applies also to children's proposals, and parents only have a right to enter a child, hut it such parents be dead, then the legal guardians of the child has the only right to enter a child. Where a false declaration is made by either assurer or agent there is ground for suspicion. These are two methods—which is the right one ? If carried out properly, which makes it difficult to do wrong ? lam not an opponent to life insurance but a supporter of it, and I shall do my utmost to defend it, when applied in a proper manner. To encourage a man te provioe for his wife and family against want and starvation when death shall summon him, is worthy of the commendation of eminent bishops, preachers, professors, and writers, who have spoken with no " uncertain sound." But who will point me to a single utterance, of any man, in praise of wholesale trading, by questionable methods upon other lives which I have OCCR SiOn to mention, viz., own life policies.—Yours faithfully,

===== 0002601_18930603_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN MOORFIELD. 44, Parker-street, Warrington, May 31, 1893.

WITAT IS SALVATION? Sir.—ln your paper for weeks past there have appeared letters antagonistic to Christianity and the scriptures as we have them. First, we have Chrishna versus Christ; that Christina was original and antecedent ; that Christ copied his maxims and gave them to the world as his own ; that Christ was a plagiarist and an impostor, inspirating the works of another and better man. I for one, take such RtatementA r what they are worth, and say with the devil, " 1-14115 I know, and Paul I know," but who i Christna ? iNime hundred and ninety-nine thousand ott 01 every million of the world's population probably never hears of this ancient moral reference. What a pityl Is it too late now to bring him out ? By all means uhear la him, brirg his ti achines to light. The gospe! accordi,,g toChriAma would bean appropriate tit(, and would comn ad an extenSir''alo Then we have the Christian rah, on ani the bible

===== 0002601_18930603_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
accused of untold crimes,cruelty and murder, with wars innumerable. This I flatly deny. Christianity never injured a single individual. It is non-resistant. It is a doctrine of forgiveness, of love to all mankind, and enemies in particular, as declared in the Sermon on the Mount. Any student of the new testament must repudi- ate the statement that Christianity is an incitement to crime or wrong doing in any shape. I think that any- one bringing a charge against a system or a person should have their case founded in and built up in fact, but it is the same to-day as it was in Pilate's hall. They , could kill then, but the most that they can do in War- rington to-day is to indulge in contemptuous epithets and false charges. Chrhitian and fool have been with these wise people synonymous terms, ever since I can recollect. Fifty years ago and later, I was a reader of anti-Christian literature. I read Paine's " Age of Reason." He calls Paul a fool and Christ a bastard. I read Voltaire who was anxious "to crush the wretch." He predicted, ton, that the Christian religion would be extinct in 50 years, yet it has gone on increas- ing,and there are more Christians to-day than ever there were, and there will be more next year than now, if we take the past as a guide for the future. Among these anti-Christian writers you find much that is ribald un- scrupulous and scrurrilous. I have read some of the rav- ings of Ingersoll,and have listened to some of their crack lecturers, and what does it all amount to ? You ask ior bread and they give you a stone. You want knowledge and they say, believe nothing. Among the numerous anti-Christian authors I have read, I only came across one fair minded man. He wrote an octavo volume entitled " Materials for Thinking" in a gentlemanly, courteous, style. There were no contemptuous epithets nor scornful allusions, but fair argument and comment, such as I have never found in any other anti-Christian writer.

_ I contend, sir, that if I believe the bible as the scrip- tures of God, and in Jesus Christ as the Son of God and the Redeemer of the world, that no man or combination of men has any right to call me a fool for conscientiously believing what I am convinced is right. I further assert that man is a worshipping being, that there is within him an instinct to worship, find him where you may—whether barbariln or civilized, he feels there is a power superior to himself to which he is more or less amenable, a principle not inculcated by priests but implanted in his mind by some thing other than human influence. Uninstructed, he may err in his mode of worship and there is no true guide to worship but the scriptures, and what have the enemies of the gospel to charge the scriptures with as degrading to man or con- trary to science ? They inculcate purity of life in all its ramifications, chastity, honesty, justice as between man and man, faithful service by the servants,kind and liberal treatment by the master, care for the poor, reverence and love for the Supreme Being and an unselfli.l love to our fellow creatures of every creed ay.cl colour. Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father in this, to visit the widows and fatherless in their affliction and to keep oneself unspotted from the world, and if religion sr anything called by the name is aught but this, it is impure and false, we have another simple formula. "Know,o man,what doth the Lord require of thee but to do justice, to love mercy, and to walk humbly with God." These are the formulas of a system that your cor- respondent raves so much about. Why do the heathen rage ? There is nothing so desperately wrong in these maxims as to cause such entire condemnation.

One of your correspondents is boiling over with excite- ment and rage against Hell and the Priests. He says Hell is not mentioned in the old Testament. I beg his pardon. If he looks he will find it occurs 29 or 30 times, and in the new Testament about a score of times. Jesus himself mentions the word some six or seven times with no uncertain sound. Why should there not be a Hell ! Shall guile, villainy and clever rascality stalk through this world, blighting earth's fairest treasures, robbing families and desecrating homes, unpunished ? For stich by all means let there be a Hell, and a hot one; for such who have m ide no restitution or shown no repentance, let them handed over to Him who has said, "venge- ance is mine, I will repay." Yet no one need go to Hell; there is a way of escape if we will accept it ; there is One who will deliver if we seek his aid. He will give us a goodly heritage among the children and in a plea- sant land, and we shall call Him our Father. Never mind the priests. There are none. There are no altars, and any one assuming the title of priest is in a false posi- tion and misleads those who believe him. We can go to God without a professional priest. We have a great High Priest, Jesus the Son of God, who is gone into the heavens. Let us, therefore, come boldly to a throne of grace, and find mercy and grace to help in time of need. —I am, yours respectfully, Sankey Bridges.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
CYMRO.

Sir,—l should like throne' the medium of youn valu- able paper to answer" Snodgrass," " Clifford Dix," and " lona," on the questions of Immortality and Salvation. But a word before I start concerning the clergymen of the present day. The 4th verse of the IV. of Hosia, des- cribes them well : " Thou haat rejected knowledge," is their work ; " My people are destsoyed for lack of knowledge," is the result of that work, " And I will re- ject thee that thou shalt he no priest to me," is the pun- ishment of that work. No man should dare to take upon himself the work of Christ, unless he has been bidden of Him, unless he has heard that same voice which once sounded on the slopes of Olivet and in the streets of Jerusalem, saying" Follow me." And there must be no mistake about it. It must be genuine, as St. Paul's call was genuine,as Baxter's call was genuine,as Wesley's call was genuine. There are mere men devil-called than Christ-called ; for one called of Christ there are a thou- sand called of Satan. When you see a man "moping and mowing," and drawling the service out until he has but ten minutes for the sermon, you may know that that man is doing the devil's works. When you see a man drunk with the spirit of God—uncovering with irresistible speech the limitless wealth of the Bible, un- covering it as none can but one whose lips have been touched with a live coal from off God's altar, you may safely say that that man is a Christ-made fisher of men. Christ has so called me, and shortly I shall come forth endued with His power to preach the Living Word. At presant I am very busy with my preparation and have not time but very slightly to touch upon the two ques- tions. For the rpst they must wait until my hour is come.

Now concerning the Immortality of Man. The heathen philosophers of Greece and Rome demonstrated with their mighty intellects the immortality of the soul, but they never were so illogical as to try and demonstrate the immortality of the body,when they had evidences every day to the contrary. Let me take you to the garden of Eden and there show you a Being with burning glory surrounding Him, bending over another,inert, dead, His exact image without the glory. See Him put His mouth to its nostrils and breathe into them. Watch that Eternal Breath quicken that body, causing the blood to flow, the brain to work, the eyes to open, the limbs to move. Watch it stand upon its feet a perfect god ! Start not my friends when I tell you ye are Gods, in that ye have some of the breath of Gcd within you—called the soul—and so are higher than angels, and are des- tined far a glorious work, if ye fulfil the end for which ye were born. In what beast did God breathe the breath of Christ ? A living soul is but an Hebraism ap- plied to anything that breathes. Now that breath which Adam had within him would have caused his body to have lived for ever if he had never sinned. And he and his children would have gone on from glory unto glory, until they had reached that perfect state which now we can not reach except through the crave, and the atoning blood of Christ. Sin, and what an awful thing sin must be, when it is an impos- sibility on the part of the Eternal Father to forgive it, , that He had to visit the sins of all who trust la Christ upon Christ, from Adam down to the latest child of time, for Adam and Eve had a lively faith in the pro- mise of One who should be a propitiation for their sins and the sins of their future children. Sin, I say,caused the vitality of the soul to decrease gradually, until from an average ate of 900 years, the average age is, what now ? And the body at the last day—wherever its parts be scattered, though it has been eaten by cannibals, or burned and the ashes cast into every river on the face cf the earth—God shall gather it together from the aireand sea, and land, and shall create it anew, and it shall be the same yet not the same. "He that ;lath ears to hear let him hear.' "Though after my skin worms destroy this body yet in my flesh shall I see God," writes one who was a contemporary of Abraham. Just a word on the power of God. There are no such things as miracles. The word miracle has been in- serted in the Bible to suit our present understandings. A miracle is nothing but the knowledge of laws about which neither you nor any angel in heaven know any- thing—though one man does profess to tell us that man emanated from a fish! and another from a monkey ! How Satan can blind a mall and puff him up in his fleshly mind ! "The natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God; for they are foolishness unto him; neither can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned." I. Cor. 2. 14. How they laugh at it. Yet how worthy it is of the Being whose know- ledge is infinite, and to that knowledge we shall come in the eternal hereafter, when we are invested with the 'heirship of God and the joint heirship of Christ—when we shall be equal to Christ in purity, and knowledge, and power—if so be that we suffer with Him.

Now concerning hell and salvation. Hell simply means the covered place, and comes from an old Saxon verb meaning to cover. It has beets translated, unfor- tunately, by the words "pit," "deep," and "grave" in the Old Testament. But we must distinguish between such sentences as "And they took him and cast him into a pit" Genesis xxxvii. 24; and "They went dawn alive into the pit" Num. xvi. 33. Jacob says: "I will go down into the grave unto my son mourning" Genesis xxxvii. 35. Now, he uses the same Hebrew word (Sheol, which is equal to the Greek Hades) which is used concerning Korah, Dathan, and Abiram, and we are very sure he did not mean the Sheol of the lost, for the people of God had a very lively faith in the hell of the damnedois anyone who reads the O.T. with any degree of carefulness will soon see. The places where men go after death are places of waiting for the final judgment—for the blood of Thrist gains you an entrance into heaven but your works shall gain you higher and lower places in the future heavens, and the same thing applies t hell, Your despising the Atonement sends you to hell, but your deeds of wickedness gains you higher and lower places in the future hells. At present it is a state of waiting and both places go under the title

===== 0002601_18930603_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, JUNE 3, 1893. NOTP:S ON GAMES AND 1 CIVILIANS IN CAMP. AMILETICS.

of Hades, or hell, or simply the covered or hidden places, but the bad are divided from the good by a great gulf, which is the irrevocable decree of God. But they are not purgatory—as the tree falls so shall it lie—as death leaves you,so shall judgment find you. This is your only state of probation; if you cannot believe the evidences of Christianity here, which all true men from Adam downwards have believed, you shall have no chance of embracing their truths hereafter. Dives knew with a terrible knowledge that there was no hope for him, though he now saw his terrible mistake. And the flames which wrappeo Dives round have nothing to do with your fire. Do you suppose that that could harm a spirit, either now or when it takes again its body? No! No! No! It could not singe a hair. 'The words fire and brimstone have been placed to give you a faint idea of the terrible punishment of a being eaten up with the awful fever of the knowledge that he has wilfully thrown away heaven and Christ, and trampled them under his feet, and that God did everything to bring him to Christ, but he would not come, and God could not force him— and that now he is naked under the eye of Him who is a consumin, fire! lieb. xii. 23. Something far worse than your fire my friends. Christ died to save you from that. His death on the cross was only the means. Dur- ing those 38 hours he suffered the whole punishm,mt of all who have trusted in Him and all who shall trust in Him—the whole punishment of the fierceruss of the wrath of Almighty God, concentrated into 38 hours! What wonder that He—the bravest man the world has ever known—what wonder, I say, that He should cry out aloud in awful terror, sweating drops of blood, and that God in pity should send an angel to whisper of His high ernprise and the glorious joy attending self-sacrifice —and that high emprise, my friends, is what is called salvation.

There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in your philosophy.—Yours truly, SLAVE OF GOD.

" The better part of valour is—discretion."

Sir,—Having asked the question "What is salvation ?" without any adequate 'answer from those entitled if not in duty bound, to furnish one, I now offer to your readers the view I take as to what salvation is. Not be- ing content with the ordinary hand-me-down religion of the day, I have sought for a reason for this cry about Salvation. I find it to be another case of great cry and little wool.' The " reasons " are in my opinion anything but sound and satisfactory. Hence I offer some reasons which I think entirely destructive of the theory- of dog- matic salvation. As to the value of these reasons I shall be happy to hear the opinion of any of the champions of inherited orthodoxy. Salvation then is the essence of Christianity. Without salvation the popular religion would be as Hamlet without the Prince ; as with, it is a Midsummer Nights Dream, or Much Ado About Nothing. I know there are some who wear, for ornamental pur- poses an eviscerated christianity, minus this and other elements of the faith. But these notwithstanding, sal- vation, is the raison d'etre of biblical Christianity ; that is, redemption from the effect of an original sin com- mitted by a specially created pair. Now here your readers have placed before them the elements of plain but vital issues. Here we shall see that the theory of salvation depends upon the accuracy of the theory of special creation and the occurrence of a specially-ereated first human pair. Now modern science has disposed very effectually of these traditional fables. Here we find ourselves at the junction of two divergent paths—the way of verifiable facts, and that of unverifi- able fable. On the one hand we have a traditional fable whist' can be traced to a semi-barbarous pre-Babylonian people ; the other the conclusions of science drawn from facts and observations quite destructive of these myths. Hence I see only one course open to a reasoning being ; leaving the other course open to those who can compromise the truth and assimilate incongru- ous ideas. The cultured preacher of to-day who teaches this fantastic doctrine is, by implication, denying the best results of the best science of the day. Such a man can only be either a muddle-headed incongruist, or a deliberate deceiver of the people. The teaching of such a man is calculated to do injury to the young. But just as reasonably and successfully might these Gamaliels teach their young disciples that 3 by 3 are 12 as that man is a fallen specific creation. The science of to-day says that 3 by 3 are nine, and that man has risen rather than fallen, and been evolved rather than specially created. How long will the clerics maintain that 3 by 3 are 12?

And now a few words as to such of your correspon- dents who have touched this question. The only avowed believer in this dogma who had the courage of his con- viction was " An Old Chartist," and he furnished us with reason for his belief which was not strange when treat- ing of an unreasonable dogma. As to "Clifford Dix" and " Snodgrass "I may say that my object was not so much to get the opinion of those who see the matter from my point of view as to ascertain what those who uphold the dogma had to say of it when viewed by the search light of modern science. From this they have wisely abstained. The dogma is only to be maintained by leaving about it the dust and cobwebs of ecclesiastic tradition. Ignorance is its only justification. As to " Psychic," who writes in last issue I would recommend to him a course of reconsideration. His reasons for ad- vocating or deprecating the discussion of religious sub• jects in newspapers are curious. If the discussion seems to countenance his preconceived views, the discussion is right. If, on the other hand, the result be adverse to these foregone conclusions, then he "swivels round " and lifts his hands in holy horror because it does not " further the cause of christianity." He seems more concerned about that than the furtherance of the cause of truth.

On the subject of Salvation ecclesiastic history is only repeating itself. Science has before now swept away the dogma of a geocentric system—the llatns of the earth and the truly parochial idea that the sun,nr. oon and stars were subordinated to it as light givers. As these doctrinal absurdities have been relegated to the limbo of worn out beliefs which none now care to defend—so will special creations and its attendant myth salvation Find a place in the lumber room of the rej...icted creeds. Men are coming to see that no honour can accrue to the Supreme by the ascription to Him of erroneous revela- tions.—Yours truly, 'SOS.

" Snodgrass " writes: "Your correspondent "Psy- chic," says I "blankly deny" roan's tutor° existence, and talks of "swivelling round" in consequence. I have never denied man's future sxistenc3—only the bible account of It; neither have I denied the existence of a God, but only the bible account of Him. There are great distinctions here. Every assertion, biblical or profane, niust be subjected to criticism, and for ciitic- ism to be effective and useful, the public press must lend its valuable aid. Why then should orthodoxy be allowed full scope, while other opinions are only allowed "reasonable bounds," and "to a certain extent" P Would you deny us that liberty which you allow your- self? Can we damage Truth? I beg " Psychic " to look at this question in a purely uubiass ed way."

" Anisos," referring to " Isos," says " In one of his letters, he writes with all the dignity of an oracle "This appears to be an age of dissillusion, an age of more or less awakening to the unrealibity of lately cherished be- liefs. Now, such an avrakesing is not always pleasant." Undoubtedly so, but the unfortunate thing is that " Isos " has substituted for them nothing positive. For such truth, he exhibits a special dislike, if not nausea. What seems so extraordinary is that he evidently re- gards it as a great acquisition, something indeed of which to boast. This, however, is an utter mistake. A physical constitution which rejects every kind of food is diseased and Is far from being an enviabl. one. It is the same with the mental constitution which rej.cts every positive truth, co matter whether designated agnosticism or advanced thought, such a condition is an indication of disease and should be avoided like poison."

[With Hip letters of this week. the correspondence on this subject is closed.—ED.

CRICIRT.

There was one feature -in the- -Match bstween Warring- ton and Liverpool on Saturday, wbieh cast a shadow over an otherwise enjoyable game. This was when Smith was " caught " out by Hampson. At least Mr. flampson and the Umpire said Ms was caught, but Mr. Smith vehemently protested that he was not caught, and the majority of the spectators were of the samo opinion. From what I saw of the matter in dispute I I think it would only have been fair to have given Smith , the benefit of the doubt. However, as it was, Smith again came out with the highest score, he having m Lde 34 runs.

Although the visitors brought with them a team of high repute, they were only able to slip past the tape— to use a racy term—by four runs more than the home team. The question is, where would they have been had Smith been given the benefit of that doubt. A. G. Steel, Livernool's champion, did not fill the spectators with any considerable amount of wonder, or admira- tion, although he played a fair game. The "gate" were expectant of good things from him. This was perhaps because his reputation had preceded him ; and they didn't get tne anticipated things perhaps because he hadn't overtaken his reputation. He managed to take four wickets for 42 runs and made 18 runs himself. Mr. J. J. Crosfield, as a contrast managed to take three , wickets for no runs. Not much difference, is there?

The bowling was led off My Mr. S. M. Crosfield and Mr. Smith. and they were aided ,by some fielding that has not seen its like in the neighbourhood for a consider- able period. In fact the excellent fielding of cur eleven is becoming quite a noticeable feature in their play this season. Although cot taking many wickets for 131 runs that were scored against him Smith exhibited some bowling feats that were worth witnessing. The fact of his taking A. G. Steel and the Rev. E. B. Brutton for 25 runs was encouraging enough, but it was the surpris- ing manner in which he charged the nature of every other ball, that interested everyone. It was what is des- cribed by a colloqualism as " tricky." That it was a tough contest can be seen from the fact that the home scored 88 against 92.

The second team did comsideraloly better in their match with Bolton second team. They clinked the Willow to the tune of 121 against 111. Bibby took three wickets for 14 runs for Warrington. With the bit Jefferson was positively brilliant, and he was only run out when he had scored 42 runs. There had been a con- siderable amount of scoffing going on, I am told, but at he end of the game Scoffin became very much in evi- dence, when he ran up 15 and was not out.

The Sankey Wesleyans had very little difficulty in giving St. Helens Y.M.C.A.,a severe thrashing on Satur- day. The match began, to compare small things with great, in a somewhat similar manner to the sensational match between Lancashire and the Australians, as on the Y.M.C.A. going in first, they lost two wickets for no runs, and had the Wesleyans paid a little mere attention to the fielding, the visitors would not even have scored 31. Watkina proved very destructive with the ball taking seven wickets. The Wesleyans passed their opponents score with the loss of only one wicket and finally ran up a score of 75. Bailey and Clare punished the bowlers and the former had scored 28 before he was dismissed by a fine catch. Clare had got well set when he was run out through a misunderstanding with his partner after scoring 22. The Wesleyans had some . strong opponents to meet during the next four weeks, as they meet Briek-st., and Friars Green to-day, and Pen- keth Friends, Widnes White Bose and Earlestown Wes- leyans very shortly. If they come through these unscathed, they may have a good shake hands with themselves.

The Juniors of the same ilk are keeping up their record as boy champions. They " took on" Bewsey-road Wes- leyans and didn't let them off until they had scored 73 runs a:ainst the Bewsey-road players' 20. These young lions will soon have to seek higher game; hut I wouldn't advise them to challenge the Warrington Ist eleven—at least, not just yet,

• Perhaps the Juniors would like to take on the Working- men's Mission Club again. I see they met Buckley-st. on Saturday, and ran up the grand total of 19 against 105! They ought to be easy game.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
AURTON CYCLE & MACHINE CO., LTD.

It. will be seen from our advertising columns that the Burton Cycle Co., of Warrington, is being con- verted into a Limited Company, with £lO,OOO capital. The concern is well established, and the premises are admirably adapted for the 'cycle trade, Considering the genius of Mr. Burton, and his untiring energy, coupled with the fact that many famous riders have pronounced his system of gearing and anti-vibra- tors ahead of everything, we think investors would find the new Company a good speculation. We learn that , the Company recently supplied to the order of the Pope Manufacturing Co.—one of the wealthiest firms in the world—one of their chainless machines,which latter have la good reputation in America. The accountant certifies that fitto August 29, 1891, to May 2s, 1892, being nine , mond/Where was a profit of over 25 per cent., on the 'capital employed. The Company acquires " The Bur- ton, Cycle Co., of the Knutsford-read works, Warrington, together with the very valuable English, Colonial, Con- tinental and all foreign, except American, patent rights of Mr. W. C. Burton, and the vendor agrees to accept as purchase money for all the plant, tools, stock in trade,gigs,templates, patterns,goodwill,&c ,of the Burton Cycle Co., and all his before-mentioned patent rights, arid further improvements during the term of his engage- ment,the sum of £1,590 in cash and £3,500 in fully pd' up shares in the company. The Vendor undertakes that upon £3,500 shares to be alloted to him no dividend shall be payable to him until six per cent, per annum has been paid upon all the other shares. The vendor not to receive dividend on amount unpaid on shares, but to Lave five per cent. on the fully paid up portion. Mr. Burton, the vendor, is a practical engineer and cycle manufacturer, is well known and successful in his business, and as he will continue manager of the com- pany for five years at a moderate salsrv, we predict a anod future for the Company and large dividends to tl,e investors.

THE JOINER-9' DISPUTE AT WIDNES. This dispute has been settle by the maters ac- cepting the code drawn up by the men.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLING.

I have received a letter from a " Lady cyclist," in which she applauds the suggestion that has been made in this column that a ladies' cycling club should ho or- ganised. At present, however, she thinks that her com- panions are too shy to organise a club,as they are looked upon with disapproval and termed masculine by their non-riding companions.

Liverpool was honoured by a visit from the Warring- ton C.C. (01 Saturday. Thirty members turned out including those two Restraining Individuals,the Chaplain and the Secretary. To say that ,a jolly time was not spent would be untrue, for who remembered this club of "congenial souls" not extracting pleasure from any run—even though it happened to be a "run in" for any member, which however, I hasten to say has never happened.

The Wheelers also visited Liverpool, but they again failed to muster more than a dozen ; which is a pity. After the inner man had been regaled at Liverpool, New Brighton was visited, and tho return journey was com- menced at about the time of the gloaming.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
SwlmmiNa.

Last week I mentioned the fact that a swimming club was being organised in connection with the new baths. Nothing definite has yet been accomplished, but it is expected that within a fortnight the organisation will he an accomplished fact, or to indulge in a "goak," it will be going on "swimmingly."

Whilst on this subject, perhaps it would not be unin- teresting to mention that so long ago as 1879 there was a capital swimming club in existence in the town, the members of which have now chiefly overgrown any pro- pensity for indulging in aquatic exercise, at least of a very active character, Mr. Harry Toll, tobacconist, of Sankey-st., was the first captain,Mr. J. Lyon Whittle, the present Town Clerk, was the hon. sec., and Mr. E. England was the treasurer. Councillor Josiah Whittle was made presidenb, and there was a committee of the following :—Messrs. M. Smart, S. Kenyon,James Sutton, W. Skelton, R. Wood. E. Caldwell, T. Welsby, Charles Halton, N. Povrlson, and J. Beswick.

This club became very strong, and successful sports and feleg were common things with it. Hut at length its dissolution came ; and the Corporation of Warrington were the cause of it. Seeing that the clubs' funds were augmentineconsiderably, the than civic fathers thought to obtain some of the "spoil," and acctrdingly put up the price of the season tickets from 153. to one guinea. There was a dispute, the result of which was that the club broke up. This, I hope, will convey its moral to the present Corporation.

There have been four times as many season tickets sold for the baths during the past two weeks, than were sold in any four months last year. This looks well !

MrscELLANEous.

The much talked of race between J. Green, and James Walsh of Warrington, came off at St. Helens, on Satur- day, at the Star Inn Grounds. Eighty yards was the distance run, and althongh heavy odds were laid on Walsh, Green came in easily half a yard ahead, amid much excitement. Green was trained by Andrew Hol- land, nf Wigun. and Wakh by Sunderland. of Radcliffe. Green is coming out very smarty there is no doubt, and some people think a run between Worrall and him would be interesting.

I notice that at the Everton Football Club Sports, hell on Saturday, on the Goodison Park ground, three Of our local athletes acquitted themselves in creditable style. In the 120 yards scratch (shield competition) 11. Webster of football fame, came in a good second to R. P. Waring, Tuebrook. Later on the same winter came in third in the 220 yards, with an eight yards start, A. J. Mottram, also of Warrington being second to F. P. Jones. New Brighton, both with 13 yards start. L. T. Dainteth captured second place in the mile bicycle race. There was 7,000 spectators at the meeting, which was excellently managed.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
rENNETIL

ANNIVECSARY SERMONS.—On Sunday, the annual ser- mons were preachad in the Wesleyan Chapel, morning and evening. The preacher was the Rev. J. Grange Bennett, of Didsbury College. The attendance in the morning was moderate. Special hymns were sung at the morning and evening services by the scholars and choir, who were arranged on a gallery by the organ. At the morning service the minister gave a short address to the little ones in a very pleasing way. For his text he took Judges 3 chap. part of 15 verse. The minister drew a very vivid picture ef the deliverance of the ! people of Israel by Ehud and held him up as a pattern for the zealcus Christian. In the afternoon a sacred Oratoria entitled " Christ and his Soldiers " was ren- dered by the scholars and teachers. The piece consisted of solos and chorus parts which were exceptionally well rendered. The following ladies and gentlemen sang the solos. Sopranos : Misses A. Hughes, A. Boardman, E. Watson, L. Bowles. Contraltos : Miss Hilda Garnett and Miss A. Moses, Tenors : ' Messrs. It, E. Garnett. J. T. lindden, A. Sid. Bass :D. Ellison and J. A. Smith. Mr. W. J. Wigfild accompanied on the organ at the moming :t noel evening serviccs., and Mrs. C. E. Parker in the At., croon. In the evening a splendid sermon was preached from Daniel 3 chap., 18, 17, and 18th verses. • e collections amounted to £22 17s. 4d. which is an increase of 7s. on last year's collections. Much praise is due to Mr. James Watson to whom the musical part of the services was entrusted.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
IWUGHING IT AT CONWAY.

By LUKE BLUNT.

One square meal before we set out from Llan- dudno to Conway camp, was what we wanted. So we set about finding a suitable restaurant. This is always a diffiult task : and it is always not crowned with glorious and encouraging success. We marched all down the main street, and stopped opposite at least 50 cook shops, and closely and carefully perused the bill of fare in each window. Notwithstanding the fact that they all detailed the same tempting items, we were not satisfied, and had the main street of Llandudno contained an- other 100 such establishments we should have in- spected each one. Necessity at length compelled us to make a selection; it was the only restaurant in a bye street which we had casually caught sight of, and we entered without even consulting the bill of fare. This shows how perversely and errati- cally is constituted human inclination. In a quarter of an hour, after sitting down, the debate upon the character of the viands we should have had ended. Simpkins had lost his proposition for devilled sole by two oat of three" tosses," and as Franklin was neutral my advocacy for Welsh-rabbit succeeded. We rang the bell, a waitress came ; we gave the order, and she went. In about a quarter of an hour she came back and said " Well an Inglish ra-beet doe ? " Nothing but one of those much talked of Welsh bunnies would do for us ; and we said so,and left. We hunted up six more restaurants, but they hadn't any Welsh rabbits : completely sold out they said. In the meantime Iliad dilated so eloquently upon the delicious flavour of the animal we required, that all were in a frenzy for a taste. At the eighth establishment our flagging courage was sustained, for the waitress showed no concern at the order but rushed in a minute later all hustle, and clat- tered down three plates and a cruet-stand. This elated us, and before she had been gone a minute, we fancied we could detect the appetising odour of the dish. We waited—five, eight, ten minutes— and the rabbit hadn't arrived. We called the wait- ress, and she assured Us with all the English words she could remember, that it wouldn't be long. We read all the current literature lying about the tables; then inquired again and they said "Just a minute—no more what-efer." Prolonged disappointment had made us moody and cast the dull, depressing cloak of the" blues" about us. At length happiness returned with one bound : two waitresses were rushing to us with plates. "At last," we muttered, and clutched our knives. But oh ! had some one taken us with a snap-shot camera, what a treasure would have been the por- trait, what a picture of despair and rage. Each of those plates simply contained a thick square toast sandwich with a thick layer of toasted cheese between ; and they had the boundless, undiluted, impertinence to say it was Welsh rabbit ! The bread was square and about an inch thick and the presence of the cheese was almost imperceptible. This is something like a Side view of it.

_

A WELSH RABBIT.

Rage wouldn't let us say mucli to that gigantic colossal fraud of a landlord. We simply asked hint if he thought we came from Lymm ! It was the squarest meal we ever had—or want.

Away from there we went, and caught the first train to Deganwy where we intended to cross the ferry to the camp on the Marsh. It was eventide. and we saw a glorious picture as we crossed the river—everything was tinted with the ruby hues of the setting sun. As we neared the opposite side of the ferry, two figures draped in white could be e9en standing motionless near the boathouse ; one was evidently a woman in her night gown. We hastily pointed this out to the boatman but he could only grin and say " Maria of Leeverpool !" We got him to stop a bit to see if Maria at least would take the hint and move. But with appalling composure she held her ground I This was dis- heartening. Simpkins draped his face with a Cambric handkerchief and as we neared the bank, Franklin and I prepared to rush past the unblush- ing creature with our backs towards her, and we had commenced to do it, when a loud laugh from Simpkins made us face about. He was examining the figures. One was a woman swarthed in a virgin white dress that hadn't any hustle. She was a large full-sized figure—head from a ship named "Maria of Liverpool," which had been wrecked on the beach, so we were told. The other figure was that of a man. He also was the figure head of a wrecked ship. His attire was that of the last century, and his posture was not, it seemed to me, dignified enough to have been designed for the vessel in the service of the Chaplain of the Fleet. Re had a one aidei grin on his face—as though he'd lost consider- able teeth—and he had an appearance of jumping forward, as though from the intrusion of a pin in his rear. Why those figures are left there to inflict temporary shocks upon people we couldn't find out; but we were told we were not the first victims. One old short-sighted dame had gone so far as to commence an indignant sermon at Maria, upon modesty, and virtue.

Presently we reached the myriad ef snowy white tents and having sought out tho Warrington battalion we were taken to the little caavas house that was to be our residence. Camping out seems to be a fascinating, Bohemian mode of existence when viewed from that unmarred contemplation born of inexperience. So we found out by and by. It is two miles from the camp to Conway town ; so we did this walk after depositing out baggage in the tent. When we commenced our return journey, it was quite dark, and a heavy drenching shower had set in. We reached camp; everything was quiet and still, and dark, for the bugle had sounded for lights out. We passed the guard all right and then commenced a hunt for our tent. We didn't seem to be able to locate it any way ; they all looked the same. We adjourned to an elevated mound near the water supply tap at one end of the camp and took a survey. Simpkins said he had his eye on our tent now, s ire. if it would not move. So he lead the way and we followed. In a bit he fell over some cordage supporting one of the tents. We did the same. When the awakened and enangered inmate had quieted down again we quietly stole off after Simpkins once more. Presently he stopped and commenced to grope an entrance into a tent. But a low silvery voice, just a little hoarse by the cold said : " Yah ! you - thieves, would yer ? ' and then a boot whizzed amongst our faces. So we left there ; and took another survey. Our guide said he knew he'd got it this lift, and we followed again. In a bit we reached our tent, as we thought when we heard this conversation going on inside : "Nap." A clinking of money. "I towd thee to put that Jack on ; but clever bike, you wouldn't.

" Well, what if I didn't put it on." " Oh ; nnthina extra much." " Well _then, .het thee yed."

We had not ipvited congenial company of this kind to our tent, so we concluded we were wrong again, and left. More hunting followed and eventu- ally we were arrested by the guard as suspicious characters. Explanations, however, led to our delivery from the bewildered state we had fallen into, for the guard conducted us to our tent. But we didn't seem to enjoy that bewitching sensation that books speak of when theircharacters ere doing the " camping" trick. We felt tolerably miserable. We had lit a short candle and stuck it on a drum head and gazed around. Our clothes were dripping with rain; the rain was trickling through the canvas,the trusses of hay upon which we had to sleep looked hard and uninviting, and every gust of wind crept under the bottom of the canvas and blew and paper and litter about the sandy floor, and crept up our legs. Having disrobed ourselves of the wet clothing we prepared to roll ourselves up in wet blankets, when there was a rustling sound in the convas. We looked and saw a helmet gradu- ally emerge under the tent ; then a face came. trhe face had eyes that looked startled, and it said " Shi ! Lemma in won't yer." Then without wait- ing for an invitation the remainder of the volun- teer about " three in the wind " crept into the tent, When he got in he poked Franklin in the ribs and said " Well-hic-lad and-hows-hic-th' owd hen." After a stupid silence, he commenced to chuckle and sing: " They're-hic after me hic after me, To cash me-hic ish everyone's deshire, -

Then from a fragmentary explanation which he gave, we found that he had been chaQed by the guard, and to prevent, arre.it had sought the pro- tection of our tent. We were in hopes that he would go to sleep and let us slumber. But we were diAoppointed. Ile dropped into a maudlin crying fit, and said he always got abused when he "come ew't without are Sall." He said he wouldn't come to the camp or anywhere ele again with-

out her, lie kept this up for about an hour and then wearied and irritated, Franklin rose and said " Old chap,show us the canteen,will you," and they went out together ; and when Franklin returned he said that as his companion had fallen over that cordage, evidently from exhaustion, he had, out of compassion, left him there to rest his weary body —and catch rheumatism.

Maybe we would have slept the remainder of the night had not a kind friend dropped in and warned us to keep a stick handy for the rata. But as it was, we never closed our eyes and rose the next morning more fatigued than we were the previous night. At the sound of the five o'clock reveille we were glad enough to get moving about to restore the circulation of the blood. But we now discov- ered that Simpkins, who had not worn an overcoat last night, was unable to put on his trousers they were so wet. How was he to get to the mess for breakfast P was the question that now presented itself. At length we hit upon a lucky idea. He was to go to breakfast without his trousers, And he dia it. Ile wore my long overcoat which reached down to his ankles—and not a soul save ourselves knew he had not his nether garments on. He had to remain in the tent the whole of the morning, whilst we rambled about the tents on the Marsh Things went smoothly enough during the day' except that we all developed prodigious colds. There were no fires in camp,so one had no chance of getting artificial heat. This night turned out almost as bad as the previous one. When we had got used to the wind's threats to blow the tent down, and tried to settle ourselves down to sleep, it was a failure, because about every five minutes we had to evoke each others aid to get extricated fiorn the holes between trusses of hay, which we had not noticed. Tne next day was wet; everything was wet—the tent was, the ground was, the beds were, our clothes ' were. We passed another night of sleeplessness, chiefly in hunting imaginary rats, which turned out to be pieces of rustling paper. The third day we rose again; our clothes and boots were warped and full of irritating sand, our faces were stubbly, our hair was unkompt,tor we had neither mirror or comb. We felt dirty and miserable, but told all in- quirers we were in a field of clover,so to speak. Early in the afternoon Simpkins said that one of those in- explicable impressions of foreboding about his wife's safety was troubling him ; he didn't like to ignore such warnings of providence, so he was going to mov he said. Slim tly before tea, Franklin had a severe attack of rheumatism in his leg,so we decided to go at once, and we travelled those two miles to the station in 20 minutes, Franklin, brave fellow ! shooting along as though he really hadn't got rheu- matism. This is about all I remember of the camp —except that when Simpkins got home he told h is wife he was surprised she had not been anxious about him, and she replied that she had been com- forted from tribulation by the fact that" a special providence watched over drunken men, boys and idiots."

===== 0002601_18930603_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW WARRINGTON PUBLIC HALL AND OFFICES.

SUGGESTED SCHEME.

--- The following report presented by the Town Hall, iSzc. Committee, has been approved by the General Purposes Com tnittee,subject to such altera- tions as may be found necessary, and it will be laid before the Town Council on Tuesday evening next. " The Town Hall, Park, and Baths Committee, having conisdered the resolution of the Water Committee, as to the provision of office accommodation, beg to bring be- fore the notice of the General Purposes Committee the following recommendations on the subject ;—That it is desirable to form a comprehensive scheme for the whole requirements. The scheme that appears best to lend itself to the circumstances is that the work should he proceeded with in three sections. Ist—That a complete suite of all the Municipal Officers required, and of which a list has been turnißliod by the Borough Surveyor, should be built in a block on the west side of the Town Hall, forming a wing al it were, to the present building,and that this block should also include an assembly room above. 2nd.—To extend the present Council chamber (prob- ably by lengthening into the garden), and to provide such rooms as may seem to be further required, but not materially to interfere with the general structure, but to leave the entrance hall intact ; the Borough Surveyor's and Town Clerk's offices being in their present position.

. - 3rd.—To include plans for new police department in an eastern wing, and to consist of court room for borough sessions, Chief Constable's office, clerk's office, men's day and parade room, cells, &c., &c., and also a county sessions room and a county court room, (for which two latter no doubt a reasonable rent would be paid to the borough fund). It will thus be seen that by building or altering in three sections the firstand most necessitous requirements could be proceeded with, leaving over the other two until such time as it might be deemed expendient to proceed with them also. In accordance with this scheme we should propose to issue an advertisement, inviting architects to send in competitive drawings and plans for the whole of the works, offering, a premium of £lOO for the best and selected design and of £5O fer the second best, and that such plans should become the property of the Corporation. That the architect whose plans may be selected will not necessarily be employed to carry out any works, except such as may be proceeded with dur- ing the next three years, which will probably embrace the first or western wing. 'I ha% a duly qualified archi- tect shall be appointed as assessor of the several plans, and shall report in detail of those selected for the first and second premium."

===== 0002601_18930603_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED BREACH OF CONTRACT.

ACTION BY A FRODSLIAM CORN MERCHANT.

At the Warrington County Court, on Thursday, before his Honour Judge Ffoulkes and a jury, James Edwards, corn merchant, Frodsham, sued William Turner Brereton, a farmer, of Preston-on- for .E5O, made up of £4O paid on account for some oats, and £lO for damages alleged to have been sustained. Mr. Mulholland, of Liverpool, in- structed by Mr. Burton, of Runcorn, appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. 0, Swift, of St. Helens, in- structed by Mr. Robert Davies, for the defendant.— Mr. Mulholland said that his client's businesa con- sisted in buying corn from farmers upon the best terms. He and defendant had spoken about some oats which were in the stack at the beginning of January, but nothing came of the matter, but later, Mr. arereton gave plaintiff a small sample of the oats. In Fobruary Edwards went to the farm at Preston-on-'th-11111, and defendant's wife took him into the granary to look at oats which were now thrashad. Ho took a sample with him. On March 22nd, Edwards and Breretln met each °thiir at the Little Horse Shoe Inn, Warrington, and Brereton started the subject of the oats and asked Edwards how much he would give for them. It was finally settled that the plaintiff should pay 2s. Bd. per bushell for white nats,and 2s.2d.for blackoats,and the bar- gain was concluded,in which it was decided that plaintiff should find the bags, and defendant fill them and take them to Preston Brook Station. Defendant wished to be allowed a little time to send the oats as he was very busy with his horses at the time. On the 29th March, defendant came to plaintiff saying that he had a bill to pay, and he would be obliged if plaintiff would pay him £4O on account for the oats. Plaintiff at first demurred, but finally consented, and £4O was paid on April Ist. On April 11, having occasi•oi to require some of his pur- chase, plaintiff sent John Taylor for some. When this person entered the granary, he tound the grain to be heated, musty, and unmerchantable, and it would only pass as damaged oats, Mr. Edwards immediately can- celled the agreement. The action now was to recover the £4O paid down, and also an additional £lO as the price of corn had risen since the bargain was struck. Plaintiff and John Taylor each gave evidence in support of the counsel's statement.—Mr. Swift contended that his client was not responsible for the damage as plain- tiff had seen the oats before he made the bargain with Brereton. If a man were allowed to draw out a bar- gain which he had made, when he became dissatisfied with it, tbere would be no security in a bargain at all. In this case a specific bargain ha4l been struck, there- fore plaintiff was bound to it. Breroton on being called would not say that the oafs were bad even now. He had taken measures to prevent them heating. The judge briefly summed up, and the jury after an hour's consideration found damages for plaintiff for £4O.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
BARBERS AND SUNDAY StfAVIVG.

At Blackburn, yesterday, four barhers, named Wall- hank, Parton, Heaton, and Monk, were summoned at the instance of the local Hairdresser's Union, under 29 Charles 11., cao. 7, for exercising their ordinary vocation on the Lord's Day.—Mr. Carter, wise prosecuted, said a strong sentiment doubtless existed against such prosecu- tions, but the law existed, and that was sufficient.— Evidence was given by Frederick Wood, vice-president of the union, of the committal of the offence. Witness admitted that only half the hairdressers in the town were members of the union, and that the half who were members were going to prosecate the other half. They had men watching all the shops on Sunday last.—The Chairman said he was sorry to sorry to say the bench avert equally divided, and they therefore dismissed the case. They were willing to state a case for appeal if require.%

===== 0002601_18930603_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
LATEST NE WS.

- 0 A. KNIGHTHOOD FOR MR. LENG,

A Donee° correspondent telegraphs :—Authoritat information reached here yesterday?! afternoon knighthood had been offered to and accepted b. 9 Lang, senior member for Dundee. Mr, Leng i 3 ing proprietor of the "Dundee Advertiser" an to "People's Journal," and has rendered signal service the Liberal cause. The name will appear in the ee; list of knights to be published in the" London Gazette' thtt:

===== 0002601_18930603_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LIBERATOR BUILDING SOO

FEELING AGAINST DIRECTORS.

kg,4410 The public examinatian of the directors and the Liberator Building Society was resumed, Mr. Registrar Emden at the Guildhall, ;,Ti°el yesterday. The examination of Mr. George 1-"" re. which lasted all Thursday afternoon sv,_as pat sumed. Mr. Registrar Emden said that as leaving the court yesterday afternoon he noticed very strong feeling was expressed against the vtitlioss Perhaps the feeling was intensified when they heard the the funds of this society had been disposed of, inquiry into the transactions of the society must 03 !Jr ried on without any exhibitioa of feeling wilateve,r. coo' Dibley's exa nination by the official receiver waL, tinned. Mr. Registrar Emden: Did you ever ta.'",, y trouble to ascertain where you got the money t° 'thlaf the dividends? Mr. Dibly : From the Immer jot came in from day to day.—Mr. Registrar Edmeni „erf so, from the money that was coming in from - depositors and shareholders.

===== 0002601_18930603_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.—FRIDAY. DANGEROUS FEATS. Replying to Mr. BARTLIsTT, the Holm Sxcavrtiglso he had no power to stop exhibitions of jumPing diving into water from a great height. IRISH SHIPS UNDER HOME ROLE. •,7 ti SEW • The PRIME MINISTER, answering 24r. Wolff, under the Home Rule Bill as drawn, the constr-d and equipment of Irish ships, the examina'i" officers, and the rules of their navigation would re under the Board of Trade.

UGANDA. Mr. GLADSTONE informed Mr. Darlingtln'3att Government had no information to the effect ,t,ani G. Portal had proclaimed a protectorate over FRIENDLY SOCIETIES. "etie Mr. ElowaLL introduced a Friendly Socl Amendment Bill.

THE HOILH RULE BILL. the The House again went into Committee on - „os Rule Bill. On Clause 3 Mr. BYRNE moved a" -iss ment prohibiting the Irish Legislature from laws relating to the carrying and using of atintie us ciatioias and associations for drill or practice in t"„p arms. Sir J. RIGBY said the term:, o eth • mendu'e- d too vague, but the Government were prePare sider some form of words which Would fill a gtqii, were thought to exist in the wording of the would prevent the establishment of armed a3s°elf sl or associations for the use of drill or practice for military purposes. (Hear hear.) Mr. Svcr°ool he protested against fettering a Government 1e5,?, co for the peace, order, and good government of t" try, with a law prohibiting them from dealing ‘l. carrying of arms. The amendment, he said, vli° those intended to destroy the Bill.

WEEKLY REPORT OF THE bEALT-

_ WARRINGTON. t Of I During the week, which was the 2,.5-. current year, the following births and deat'llp); registered :—Births : Warrington, 42 ; l'3,t,i lr 0; total, 42. Deaths : Warrington, 27; Late".ofitv total 29. The excess of births over deaths The death-rate from all causes was equal to I,AOO, against 22.8 the average of the preYi°ll,,es weeks, and against 25.02 the correspoliding last year. The death-rate from the xymotic diseases was equal to 5-6 per 3.9,the average rate of the four previous wg.7 against 3.06 the corresponding week of tO ages of mortality were :—Warrington ; "d, 1 to 5,7; 5 to 15, 1.1 ; 15 to 25, 1 ; 25 to 60, "'so 2 ;total, 27.2-29. The deaths included-1 fro 1? f pox ; 2 from scarlet fever ; 2 from measles diarrhoea ; 2 from phithsis ; I from can": old age ; 4 from lung disease ; 4 from bra' dis The following cases of infectioaa /leo: have been reported during the week :—Sr scarlet fever, 7 ; diptheria, 0; tvphag Ifs enteric fever, 0 ; relapsing fever,o ; puerPer; 0. Metreology. The mean temperat'll'asi 57 Fah. and therefore 11 lower than tbe 6 ing week. The maximum rempersturet was recorded on the 24th the minimum temperature 44F., on the riire(s: The rainfall ineasii red•l7 inch. The genera' was W.. the reading of the Anemometer n"igos 690 miles.—JoHN 11. GORNALL, MOdieal Health.

rp TEETII. TEEI' II . 'r P, l' rie' , ille P 0' TEETII. PA RIC! NS 0 NS'S '2EETTI are, a ' vie riso UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. ~,•et' 00 TEETH. may rest assured that these sfate„, I-411 atie0,00.41,10 A based on AE6'ol,l7'll; TRUTH, Atui TEETH. best guarantee or this t • tending P„,,1,1,,.. that J. it. PA RE( NSNoll, la's e e. 01 tit,oo:oP, Dada! Prentice', in England2n e -of rrEETH. employing the BEST LABO• a BEST MATERIALS obtainable, all n T or, 'TEETH. the LOWP,ST POSSIBLE PRICO• ,•If P:,, I. Any set made, or any work done,koTltt)6l 5, TEETH. not giving ABSOLUTE S4.llfif_rree.,„l 'Uf Every Detail will be immediate 00I''' TEETH. an ENTIRE NEW SET made CHARGE. oSti'l üblir'o, Di 4 These conditions Insure the P ufl neaptal .TEETH. tlon and recommendation, eama,,,,,,lts „rot sets having been inserted for r"iii stro TEETH. one year only, directly and indlrecro,ora ,Ic the voluntary persuasion and ree'4o, ar rs_7,o TEETH. of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. `!",60, f°,411.,a7.1 these patients' names and ,tddre.so.Do r it'l TEETH. mice, will be given to any w°' ,xlissa„,o94 personally applying for Oleo' —0317' .' . thousands in the past each recotim' TEETH. friends, speak volinnes for Ur' wit success. getabill)1p, 4' T AIFEETH. His unusually Large Dentai,n- de II ' 4' g adapted for the CGORT of 1-'.tiri;LO°9 ta" TEETH. NOT DETER ANY. ALL ar WO di ' VREE CONSULTATIONS voi., cr, T EETT, and 2to 6. %ritit i 0 2'l. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS rO, 00,, 0 &c., as hitherto, by the aid TEETH. LIQUID NITROUS OXID e'!y. E, 0' liquefies for sale to dentists rrETU. - E lons weekly. Patients, have, tibgper,o;, speciality also the benefit of bla,,,eitidAlC TEETH. CLOSED ALL -- soN ,-• TEETH. J. U. PARKIN ~ 006..4 T j Dentist by Examj,1011"011,, 48, MOSLEY-STREET, n.•,,,i s 0 ' WARRINGTON ON WEDNESDAYS, 6t,., -1; p•0P,..„, Ladies' Outfitter, Sankey-st., Irani , (1,7 -' RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. 11"'ert! ' Parson's), Confectioner, Bridge.,-st frau ", NORTIIWICII, on FRIDAYS. at Miss (tom ar 11 tot. .0

MARRIAGES. D, '2l JO; t _LT, pm *--m. ay 27th t the Parish CO— , Rev. T. W. Cook, Arthur ,a Jones to Aside Altrir- DJ WARD—BERRY.—May 29th, at the ParisliC,Vy. bf Rev. F. W. Willis, Joseph Ward to Mall pne;,afell' BROWIP—LODER.—June let, at the Parish Rev. F. W. Willis, Thomas Brown to I,aur4rt,e' ea.' rj ill, WRIGHT —TARPEY—May 20th, 1893, at 5..„,' i• „- er3 ''' g Aston, by the Rev. R. Marsden, George Chester, to Sarah Tarpey. of Aston Lodge* r, DEATHS. ,r 11 ono° ED4AR.—May 28th, at Wellington-at., JOll3 aged 40 years. 100, es JacasoN.— May 30th, at Dial-st., Mary Ise k " a Years. W. /3 t, ad BUSIL—May 30i1, at Morris Court, Leonard colT3TToesra.—rB May 31st, at Haydoek-st., Sarah '....-° A n OV°rl. de, oil, 1 32 years. .d std. op &MALL. --May 31st, at Liverpool-road, Dd/ siasi 2 years. „.,,bsta Vaucialai.—May 31st, at Lockett-14 ' ~ Is y It" aged 69 years. liOßN.—May 31st, st Carlisle-et., Emily Ifora• 8,"-

41. A -a DS 0P- (i) M EMORIATA Cll. ' . T 1 00 1 nyild. all CIRCULARS, BILLIIRADS, Handbills, Window Bill 3, Posters, and Prilroto S• executed with neatneia and dez,patob hj - the Borough Press 34, Bridge-street, ..

W:itri7n.hs;etonii.z.—amPirinnertedutaz,drriulb,rilstiltieinagbge'r)rcs'. and Published also at rile Ex ww.r 0!115,,. WiDNES ; High-street, liv.T3CoaS ; 3z. ; and 3. Market-street•

, CP"

===== 0002601_18930603_art0127.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
/

===== 0002601_18930603_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES ATII ',Eno CLUB SPORTS (Under A.A.A. LA.3, and N.C.A.A, Roles.) SPORTS FIELD, PARNAVORTH, WIDNES. LOCAL EVENTS ON FRIDAY, JUNS 9ttl. at 6.30 p.m. and "MN EVENTS ON SATURDAY. JUNE 10th, 1893. Commencing at 2.30. Lards and One Mile Scratch Racea. Flat and Bicycle Race Handicaps. Steeplecl.ase and Tug of War.. Handler pper Starter HNTRIES CLOSE %TUNE 3rd. Pr"FeCtumnd Form of Entry on application to JAS. WALTER DAVIES, Secretary, Ditton, Widtits. -

OF THE IrKE OF YORK "IND THE PRINCESS MAY. 14,15""a invite the Ladies of Warrington to tnieet'the °,.'"e"•• at the Tow• 1 Halt, on T ' DAY NEXT at Three 14^4 kit the purpose of tencidering in what manner the 1 'auto -or '77 Warrington &mild commemorate the above „, 4" °erasion, ri all. .3nne ard, 1893 EDWARD GREENALL, Ntr,r. 8 T. AIJ L' s Cat RCII, WARRINGTON.— lietti!t-Nout sßßmoNsviii be preached on behalf of the ith Is Dav :4cholls. ion SUNDAY, 11rn JUICE, 1893. by rwgiev. HENRY SEPTIFLUi PIGOT, M.A.. Vicar in: Hor- wit • !liar Bolton. Holy Communion. at 8 a no. Morning vt,Z,,l communion TC.3O a TO. Children's service and re 3071t0n of collections a• 3 o'clock Evenime prayer at •ent,,,‘,2k nt hems, morning C" He shall feed his flock (Wood- ", °fling • " Like as a Father piteth his own children" ..--n•• All ottertortesswill be devoted tothe schools. .si•atltY V. PIGOT, . Vicar. Chairman ofillitusgers. T.D. SUTTON, 'Wardens. JerriES SARTHURST.

_ 11AR-RINGTON '" INF lit M ARY AND DIB PEN- &illy EXTENSION FUND. ITbe following DONA.'2IONS have been promised s. . "ePh Davies 141ift J.P. nehert Davies.. lit z SG 0 Mr. and Mrs. a. 11 Pickmere .......... 25 .0 or.r.gTehDomat utn,ll6l 2l 0 TO 0 111 u r • —l3 ry Lltt. Sou, hampton ...... 110 0 The M 155.6 Lttton,Cheltenham Travers Picknurec Esq 5 The:lll36es liaree'r v6Tb 0 r'rn's ' Esq., p „.'fturther subscriptions to the Extencon Fund .may be paid Zinv ef the local hanks or to the Honorary Treasraer• GEO. ItiN•sq.. Arliczton House, tetchier& JOS. DAVIES N S on. ecs. J. L. TUNSTNLIj

, JOIN Tilt RAI LFSTOWN, NEWTCYN,(IIAYDOCH tioext„,llr) DISTRICT PERFIik T THRIFTINUILDING j IY. whiclrocw numbers 265 menibers. Next Ballot mr,utlY• Any information will be given on application to 23,tretaryil. Tonee,t2C, South Bank Terrace, Runcorn, or the es THORWLATIIMBR, 'Eariestown. -- (34--t:EOEUE 11()LLIDAY, DECEASEU.—AII per- "na nit.c.nv CLAIMS, upon the estate sif the late to rile Hollidty,spf Chandos-at.. Earlectown, are required 13.:tc" Partioshars of such, on or before 7auna 9th, to the ersigned. 294. Ea DAVID BARORGTI2. Executor. rie-st.,llNrlestown, Lancashire SALE 110TEE4 AND BOTANICAL vGARDENS. d 4:LEAR MANCHESTER. ji°lld*Ps. Wednesdays. and Satitir&ays. ; Public gather- Boat • P,enic and Wedding Parties speciata, catered for. s,.;u rt'mls. 'Ferneries. Gymnasia, -Shieting Gallery. Arc:wry and Skittles. rico,err and Plants always on sale.

^NOTICE OF REMOVAL. I TMOMAS / ViCOVVD,SLL• woucu AND ESTATE AGENT, ES,,,Knutsford-roaci, Wareingt.ork, Has rem( oed to NO.I. MILL-ET., MARKET PLACE., WARILNGTON. T 'PUMAS FRIIN • RENT and DELT COLLECTOR, Ilossoe,'Eatate, and General Commission Agent 39. GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. ' RENTS AND ACCOUNTS regularly collected in town or ' "Mtn' —DEBTS FIaRCHASED. References-and Terms Application. Clownnunications promptly Attended to.

WILLIAMS AND Co. THE NEW (TO, ORDER ONLY) CASH TAILORS. WE ARE sITOW SHOWING ALL NEW GOOD FOR SPRING AND BUMMER WEAR. rp IHE 50/- SUIT. IN ALL TIM NEW GREYS. SERGE. THE 63/-• SUIT. IN CASHMEM-2, LLAMA. SERGES TNR 30/- • SPRTNG OVERCOAT. IN wALL SHADES. TROUSERS 13/- AND 16/6 Li" our 'Windows this week at ROYAL EXCHANGE CORNER. ST. ANN'S SZUAII.E. MANCHESTER.

..TAMES ;Gil AIR AND CABINET INIANuFAcruhER, 26u 28. GBOROE LEIGH-STREET, (MEAT ANCOATS STREW, MANCHESTER. ,ChAvest HOUSE In the "trade. ESTABLISHED UK..

FOR THIS 5P.4,99N MY Stook will be fsund replete with Leading Novelties in SUITINGS, COATI, TROUSEEINGS AND COVER COATINGS, Ilieltable for isusiness or best wear, in the Leading West of ngland, Seas*, Irish, and Weigh liemespuns, And Berges. ,_ln order to meet the corstenienee of Gentlemen not able ,corne td be measured, I shall be pleased to forward 4Lterns or personally wait•upon them. S. COVENTRY, 4, 111011 STUELT, RUNCORN.

purlrtum. FOIL CURE OF nurrotEs. T. HattNGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Ruptufe ;lteglatered ; eonsuiting hours 10 till 3. Trues an Surgidl: Appliance Works, Ta 9. Grosvenor-street, Lon- don-road. kanchester.

RUPTURES. Avoid the lturtfol Steel Trusses. Try the CURATIVE EASY-PITTING TRIANCiULAR TRUSS WITHOUT STEKL, Unperceivable, durable. Post free 10s. 'STRONGS TURKISH !ATM. MARKET-ST., ST. 'Bc`tlies and Gentlemen's Private Hot Air, Vapour and Sulphur Baths for Rheumatism, Influenza, Ac. Boarders Accommodated. 'WILL BUT or EXCHANGE Curios, Diamonds, 0)1 Gold and Silver; highest ptico.—JACKSON. Pawn- "broker. 71, Oxford it., Manchester.

IVIONEY LENT ON, or PURCHASED to any Amnunt, Plate, Watches, Jewellery. Diamonds. Par- cels by post attended to by return. The Finest and Cheapest Stock of Forfeited Watches and ffewellery in Lancaskire.— HILL. Pawnbroker, St. James' Theatre. Manchester. _ BUXTON LIME FIRMS COMFANY LIMITED. —As Agents for above, we have always a stock of Lime at our wharf, Central Station, Warrington Prices °toted, delivered by rail, cart,'er boat —Apply CLARE and IltDowar. Central Station, Warrington, and Sankey Bridges.

HARDAWAY AND TOPPING (Mt IBOHLOGNK-SUR-1111310, FLIF4IFING, HOLLAND. Postage 2cl. Daily Price 'List forwarded free on receipt or address. The Oldest EstalAshed Firm of Turf Commission Agents la the World. No,representatives.

PARK nom], EWTON-LE-WILLOWS. MR. P. PAIROLOUGIi, Organist and Choir- master St. Pets Church; Member ot Trinity Conege, London. Solicits Patine for'Planoforte, Organ Singing, Theory, Ac. `Terms moderate. Pupils r rupared tor the Trinity Coliege and other 'Examinations. Plums caret al7.v Tuned. Terms Pilraerate.

JAIIES WE BSTER, • MI'DDRLDURGH, HOLLAND. (Late •nf 'Calais and Boulogne-Sur-Mar, 'Prancef) ASCOT STAKES, ROYAL HUNT CUP, NORTHUMBERLAN D PLAI B. CESA'REWITCH AND CAMBRIDGESHIRE. "The Turf tihronicle" frse on receipt of address. DOUBLB AND 'TIMIBLE EVENTS. STARTING 'PRICES. ACCUMULATIVE COMMISSIONS. NO STA/MING :TRICE LIMIT ON VIE PRINCIPAL RACES.

EADE'S.. GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS THII^E.LITEST AND MOST liffiffillCTUAL. `Moon who are,enduring the spiny ,ef goat or 'the lesser torture of rheurrnAism, will hail with feeling +el joy any remedy whiCh-promises to afford evera.the slightest relief. We gladly, therefore. give prominence to the GOUT AND R MATIGTI LL introduced to-suf. et tug humanity of Mr. Eade, qthe,,svtll4nown Chemist, and prepared from the formulsof °net!: the most eminent,physican 3 af the day, It s claimed that no alteration of diet is required, nor is con- inement thikhouse by any imam necessary. It would itirpear, then,thirt a medicine so esollytaken,and so efficacious, requires only,tcY he Widely known, itoineet Witlrlllat recogni- tion ff,deserres.— "Civil Service,Gw3ette." Bold everytidarre by Chemists, Ac.An bottlesß. 10. and 2s. Pd.

SMYTH IVINCASIIIRE, LOAN, DISCOONT, AND 'DIVESTMENT COMPLN. •LIMITED. Head Odlice '1.63. ISLINGTON-SQUARE; LIVERPOOL LOANS (rem £5 to £l,OOO en personalor other security. £ls,llepaynbi3 6s Weekly, Beare Charger-SA 2s. 3d. Ca, „ 20s. „ „ 43 Os. Od. £lOO, „ 40s, „ ~,ES 16s. OLALa. GORDON. Manager.

A C 4..111:IT ENT S WILL PE N. TUE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO, The,oldoct and larged.") liirkoinee iB4 pat. for ' ACCIDENTS OF ALL .KINDS Dstathishea Era. Rt. Hon. EVELYN ASHIHrir, Chairman 64, Cornhilt, Lomdron. IV* D• MADB7.I Secretaries A. TIAN, AGENTS Warrington M. HOLMES,,Market Gate., Mr. W. H. RIGBEYO Central Station. I St. Mr. J. B. LEACH. Hmelshowstreet. Knutsford. Mr. &LIMED E. CUTTER, Sandbaeb.. Mr. R. PlNLOW.'llookery Bridge. 44 TUE -SIGN OF 4," followed by 3, is the number of FISHERY'S LINOLEUM' WAREHOUSE in 0 ROSS-STREET, where yell rail buy the %boa and most perfect designs In Linoleum thoroughly .matured and ieady for Laying faam,15..4.1. ,per squnre yard upwards: Linoleum, Corticine Cork Carpet tugs. Brussels..and Tapestry Carpets; and *mares, Mats; Matting, Austrian Bentwood Chairs, Tables, to. The'LargeSt t.sek and Best Selection in the Provinces H EMMY & CO.. • 43. C 11066-STREET (Albert-square). MANCHESTER.

GRADY'S LI ,OCOUREE, METAL POLI7-5,11... WHIRL BRILLIANT, LASTING. In le.. and Id. Tina. Of all Grocer. And Chandlers, Wholeanie, from J. L. DUGUID and Co. 28. CHAPEL-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

THE LATE LOWDEN WELLS. • JPOTICE TO THE PUBLIC. • WE, LOWDEN IN ELLS, ITTN„ and TIMMS WELLS, of 2, Peers Court, Foundry-street. Warringtor, having succeeded to our late Father's business, (through his death).of UNDERTAION4 IN MI. ITS BRANCHES, hope to reoeivolrfair share of the r üblie patronage. t and by strict attention to all orders received and good workmanship: to be enabled to keep the nsme Which has clung to the late Mr. WELLS since corn- , mencing in business of mid ertsking, &e., by turning , 0, t only the very best or work trorn the best of tim- ber obtainable,.and at moderate prices.

,ANY LENGTH OUT. PARORLS CLARK'S GENUINE SCOTCH. TWEEDS. Hu, direct and Bove all Intermediate Protts. HONESTY.—Not a trace ,ei SHODDY or Trickery is our Goods. Unequal for wear. SUITS. Stc., made to measure. SaMEasuanstzax POSMS sent with Patterns Nurz Tassamxtfos Bold to matab any Suits. etc. BOX oE PATTERNS (nearly 46)0)..sentaining all the latest Novelties and Mixtures for GENT.'S SUITS, ETC. LADIES' DRESSES, COSTUMES, ETC.. sent POST PEPE on application to CLARK BO,TCII TWEED HANL'I'ACTURERS, GA LASECIELS. (Please.sisention tips paper.)

_ ME-8611 S. CUMPSTY AND SONS, SURGEON DENTISTS. SXTRACT TEETH WITHOUT PAIN. 78—.ISLINGTON. LIVERPOOL-78 WITH NITROUS OXIDIC GAS. A SET OF ARTIFICIAL IRETH. WITH ALL TUB LATE:a IMPROVEMHNTS, TROlof PHil TOOTH. Cuinpoty's advertisement to exttact teeth without, pairt is strictly correct. Samuel Na. Secretary Young Men's Christian Association.-10tis August.lB6B.

TEETH! TEETH! TEETH! MAOVONALD'S FREE DENTORIITIT. WHOLESALE ARTIFICIAL TEETH MiNUFACTORI (Registered.) Jay H.M.R. Letters Patent. (Trade Mark.) The Best and Cheapest House la the Profession. Single Teeth. 25.; Sets. 208. Fit and Quality Guaranteed Patients fitted wittle they wait. A Lady in attendance. The Trade Supplied. All best materials and warkrns aship Teeth extracted free from 6 to 8 p.m. Teeth extracted adthout pain. Free consultations. Telegraphic Adelress Dentist," Manchester. 9. FICCADILY (OpPoSte Infirmary Clock). MANCHESTEA

DAMP WALLS. _- ABSOLUTE CURE GUARANTERD. ----- PRICES AND PARTICULARS FROM J. L. DUGUID AND CO., 28, CHAPEL-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Where " Model "damp-proof walls are on view.

The SUBSCRIPTION LIST opened at 10 a.m , on TUESDAY, May 30th, and will CLOSE at 4 pm. on TUESDAY, June 6.1193, for Town and Country. THE BURTON CYCLE AND MACHINE COM- PANY. LIMITED, incorporated under the Companies Acts. 1862 to 1890. whereby the liability of shareholders is Limited to the amount subscribed for. Any Shareholder will los at liberty to pay up in full for his shares in advance of calls, and shall receive interest half yearly, at the rate of 6 pet cent. per annum, on the balance for the time teing uncalled. ' CAPITAL. £1.0,000, in 10,060 Shares of £1 each, payable as follows t- 2s. 63. per Share on Application .ss. per Shiite on Allotment; 2s. 6il. in One Month. No further call without Three Mouths' Notice. DIRECToRS • Thomas Knowles, Esq., Bolton and Southport. C. E. Bell, Esq., Southport, . 'Councillor James Smethurst, Werrington. *George Harry Mellor. Esq., Ashton and Southport. •Walter Chatwood Burton, Esq., Latchford (Managing Dlrecter.) *Will join the Bosrd after allotment. Unions : Union Bank of Manchester. Warrington. Manehester, and Nranehes. AGENTS : lyn, Mills, Currie, and Co., London. Bank of Liverpool, Limited. SOLICITOR Frederic Spaffert, 'I, St. James' Square, Manchester. AUDITOR: geseph Rigby Willitnns, Chartered Accountant, Warrington.; SEcnittsaav,(toro tern): T. Jackson Knowles. OFFICES : KNUTSFORD ROAD, Warrhsgton. AMIIDGED PROSPECTUS. This Company less been formed for the purpose of acquir- ing and carrying en the increasing blisiness hitherto carried on by private "enterprise under the style .el" The Burton Cycle Co." of the Knutsford-road Works. Warrington, to gether with thesaery valuable English (Colonial. Continental, and all Foreigutexcept American) patentalghts ( f Mr W, C. Burton. and for such other purposes as may appear in the Memorandsrm Cf. Association. The businese has been an cessfully carded on forabout two years by thretextdor, Mr. W. C. Burton, whose patents hay. mused such tinenormously-incressed demand for Cycles con- structed upon his principles that it Is ,s became necessary to considembitincrease and enlarge the 'works in order to com- pete with She continued applications for the " Chainiess Safety" and the" Burton Chaiuless Anti-Vibrator Machines." which, as 'NOM be se,,n from the '• Cycling News," have created scertsieh surprise intim Cycling World. The woilks are situated near Warrington Bridge. Warring- ton, and comprise a large showroom fronting the leading thoroughfare, and no better 'workshops could be desired. The refit is a reasonable one, and alease for lye years has been obtained. Mr. Welter Chatwood Burton is a practical engineer, de- signerocmd cycle manufacturer, and has heki mo,t respon- sible petitions with some of the largest and most eminent firms ef engineers, tool makers. and machinists during the past ethteen years. Hhetuventions and designs in every 'class of Engineering Busiocas in which he hasbeen engaged have been highly ap- preciated and developed, and several of his recent inventions are ptcdueing Royalties. The Company has made yeiy satis- factory arrangements with Mr. Burton to take the position of Mtnager of the Company 'ler five years at a very moderate miss". Mc labour-sac ing machinery (plitflt),ii acknowledged to be a most simple and valuable discovery, and is capable of doing certesin portions of work ineycle constraction at half the cost at any other syst,m and with an ncouracy (with unskilled labe-ar) otherwise unattainable. linperts and Cycle Mace:arbiters have the highest opinion oVlhis, and it has been pros td that -with these tools cost of - production can be speatly 'reduced. The patent is licensed to .it.n eminent toelreaker et £6 permaclaine royalty. It is self-evident now that the demand for these cycles has grown so rapidly arithintbe past few months that consider- atle profits must amtrue from a thoroughly well managed ter riness, with cost of ,production greatly reduced by the modern patented machinery of 411 c vendor. It may also be added ..that every detail of each patent teas . been perfected at vast trouble and expense and after years of study, and all the patents bevel:teen tested by expert riders arclth great suoce-'s; therefore no experiment with its attend- ant expense M :required. ' Therms-dor agrees to ,accept as purchase-money for all the plant, tools, stock in trade, gig,s, templates, patterns, good- will, he., of the Barton Cycle 'Company, and all his before- 'mentioned patentrighte. and vit.-ether improvements during the term of his engsgement, the sum of, £1.5601n cash and t.. 3.500 in fully paid.eap aharetrintthe Compat.y. no Vendor ,undertakes that upon t.E3500 ahares to be allotted to him no dividend shall be payable- treleim 'until 6 per cent, per annum' has been paid open all the other -shares. The Vendor not, to receive dividend on amount 'unpaid on shares, but to have 6 per cent, on this ft113,•,pa14-up -portion. N 6 promotion money will be paid by the Company. All expanses exceptisag brokerage" up to date of allotment will he defrayed tiv the Vendor; thus saving the Company monsl-, terable expense. . The previous year'emorking Of the Cbmpany showed a nett, profit of over 25 PERIYENT.ON THE 'CAPITAL INVESTED, audit maybe reaeormtly expected th it. with good msnage- ment, large dividends smay.be earned In the future, audit is self-evident that the Company poss eases in RH exceptional degree all the ele.sneute•of a aound am I successful business. • Prospectuses and Ferns of..Anplicati ion can be obtained at, the offices of the Company,'Kuuttifort -road Werke, Warring- ton, the Bankere, istelitor,,and the Bolicitoc of .the ,Cenn- pkny. The mill valuation accountant's rep, wt and Patent ;Expert's,. report are attached to the full Prosper Sus.

"[A.—CEYLON TEAS IN FF fRFECTION, direct 1 From Ilstsi es. Indian,tross full o 1 strength mat !tavola.: ' filende.i teas of suprern.. (plenty. Krs tu boyers and 'judges of value should not tail to siunple our teas. Buying direct, from Tea Estates, pay ne commission+ lo travellers, <and haV- leg no expensiveextras to provide for , we do tessiiress .and have dune for 30 years at thtyclosest pt CITY OF LONDON TEA COMPANY, 1,2, and, 3. Beer- lane, GREAT TOWER-ST., LOX' WON. E.C.

WORTHINGTON'S HORTON AL Ed AND STOUTS. FINDLATER'S DUBLIN IN,VALID A NO OTIENR-OTaUTS. GulNNEss's ,DUBLD r STOUT CARE-Cti BOTT E. rINDLATBR'S STOUTS may now be lota in 41, gulielt,Aaske, WHEATLEY'S HOP .BITTER. 5 in bottke yelp. J. M. BEACON. • BREwHirS AGVNT AND, BOTTUM, 4. ST. Jeliss-sT., WAR MINGTON. MARTINIULES WILLI...KNOWN BLACKING. (LIQUID AT,D PASTE). ANDRINGTiA:„ WATERPROOF bo JET LUSTRE AND KID CREAM FOIL LDI-ES BOOTS. 11.-r-r ARNESS COMPOSITION. alma oHLUBRATRD HOSE SHOE BRASH) -- FORNITUIZE POLISH &c., ALL OF TEE mar QUALITY. 11, HELEGVEL-ST., 'LIVERPOOL. - j)ANIEr.• LEA, PAINTES, DECORATOR, PAPERHANGER. GLAZIER, Ac.. 4, NIGH —S T ILE T, RUNCORN. PAPFAZHANGINGS, FAINTS. VARNISHES, GLASS. Papert.tangirtge edged free& charge.

EBENEZER TIMMINS IL SONS, LTD ENGINEEZS AND IRONFOIANDERS, 3.2Ar_sßs or CILEMICAL AND EXJAP PLANT. BRIDGEWATER FOUNDRY, RUNCORN, EsTAmzsgEy 1321. CONTRACTORO FOR OAS WORKS, WAD= WORKS, ARTESIAN WELLS, BRINE WKLLS. AND BORINGS FOh MINERALS. BORING PLANT AND rumPs.

JA B. M. G REENHALGII, CABINET MAKER, UPHOLSTERER, AND DECORATOR. SHOWROOM : 48, SANKRY.STRBET. WORKSHOP KING-STRERT. WARRINGTON.

ittettil• LLANDIJDNO.—GOULDING'S PRIVATE HOTEL and. BOARDING noun. Cborch Walks. Private sitting moms; 70 bedrooms. Billiard and Smoke Rooms.— Gotril.nro's 'Bus meets all trains. ELECTRIC LIGHT.

T laNDON.—Visitors to BERNARD'S PRIVATE Li HOT L. Estab. 31 years. Central for business or leesure. Over 1.00 testimonials from Ministers and others. Be& breakfast, 3s. plain ; two tor ss. 6d. ; tea 10d.-1 and 2 Granville-square, King's Cross-load.

-- LLANDUDNO. PARADE HOTEL, Church Walks, close to Pier gates.— Bic Heat accommoda- tion; moderate charges; FIRST-CLASS ORDINARY DAILY at 1.45; luncheons, dinners, teas, tce. Choirs and picnic parties catered for. Daily, weekly, and Week-end Boarding Terms.—C.T.C.

QOUTHPORT, SUNNYSIDE HYDRO, Promenade extension. Physician, Dr. Bernardo. A summer and winter residenc-s, combining all the comforts of a pleasant home. Sea view, parks, pier, and trams near. New Turkish and other baths, billiards, and tennis. Terms moderate.—J. BOOCOCK, proprietor.

nUXTON.-WEI ITSUNTID E HOLT DAYS. HAD- DON GROVB 11Y1JROPATHIC. Just added, new Recreation room for entertainments and dancing For rheumatism and gout thorough treatment given. Billiards, lawn tennis, :cc. Terms. 15s. to 491. per week. Special week-end tereas.G. l. hALL, Proprietor.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40, LUDGATE HILL. /10IIR COMFORTS. OLBANLINBSS AND QUIRT. Central for business or oleasure.

LONDON. 10, RUSTON SQUARE. N.W. OXFORD HOUSE, PRIVATE HOTEL, One minute from Ruston. five from St. Proncras and Great Nor hem n Railway Stations. CENTRAL to all PARTS of CITY. Every home comfort. Spacious newly-fitted di Dig and drawing rooms. Sanitary certificate. EXCELLENT tables. TERMS 30a. WEEKLY, and from Os. PER DAY. Booking in advance. Highly recommended.

pubutatono. 44 110 W TO ENSURE BEALTri."—A medical work giving Prescriptions Red Instructions for the cure.of all kinds of Debility ; post-free, two stamps.— Address Dr. BARNES, 48, Lonsdsle Square. Barnsbury London. N.

'New• Edition. Just published, posttfree, 6 stamps. ATREATISE ON NERVOUS DISEASES and WEAKNESS in MEN, with a description of the most Commen•sense and Scieatific Treatment ever introduced. 'London : A. J. LEIGH. 92 and 93, Great Russell-st.

WITITE STAR LINE, ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK. via Queenstown. every Wed. •ADRIATIC..Wed.. June 7 .TEITTONIC Wed.. June 14 second Cabin will be carried on the voyage mark- ed ,thtle. Steerage pipsage t low rates. The 1 splendid Veasels of this line are all the largest class, uniform In model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointmenta. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply Josmui Bnurn, 61, Legh-at., War- rington, or to lemaY, DAME, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street. London. 8.C.. and 10. Water-street. Liverpool.

iTSLE OF MAN-ROYAL MAIL AND EXPRESS STEAMERS. FAc 14 LIVERPOOL. ?nose Douotas. Every Week-day .. 11.30a.m. ',Every Week-day &Saturdays & Mondays (extras) Saturdays Monday 4 p.m. (extrca) I Mondays (extrae)...l2.3oa.m The Fleetwood service Is discontinued,' and will be resumed let July. , ISLB OF MAN STEAM PACIEIST CO., LTD., DOUGLAS.

• THROUGH THE ENGLISH LA.K-E DISTRICT TO THE ISLE OF MAN. ' THE BEST ROUTE TO DOUGLAS IS VIA BARROW. Shortest Sea Passage. 'Express Service Daily (Sundays •excepted). commencing May Nth. '•IIIARROW to DOUGLAS—at 1-45 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 8.30 a.m. Train ineonneetion with steamers leages Warrington (L. tad N.W.) et 9.55 a.m. Special (Leap Return Tourist 'tickets First,-elass and Saloon '23s. Od. Trains run Second-class and Saloon les. 6d. alongside Third-class and Fore Cabin Ils. Od. steamers. No cab fares. No porterage .chargrs. kloassengers may 1 break theirjaarney at Grange. I.Hrrerston (for the Lakoe) Abbey,or Barrow. JAMES CATTLE & Co.. Barrow.

;LE OF MAN—ROYAL MAIL AND EXPRESS STEAMIERG Faro t LaTREPooL. FROMNIUGLAN. Retry Week-asy 11.30 a.m.' ltvery Week-day 9 a.m. 19th to 29th May inclusive Week-day a (extra) 2 p.m. I Wtek -days (extra) 4p.m. livery Wealaday, May 19165 Lb 29th, from Liverpool '7,175,:ti3 a.m.. netss.:mng trout Douglas at 4 p.m. Sea panage 3i hours. Fares—Saloon 7a.. I'onts CaMn As. 6d. , 1 , FLLT.TWOor) TO DOUGLAS. DoUGLAs To PT.EETWOoD. Every Week -davAun Friday. every Week-day from Sat. hir-y 19th to 29th 2.15 p.m..- May 20th to 99th 8.30 a.m. . yEERB :—M•etu,r7.l (2 inonths),Sciontlis.. Fore 1151-ain 55.014 Wes.-end. Friday or Saturday. 'to 'Vonday or Tuesday. .9aloaa Bs., Fore Cis: in 55. SalS.ng and ,eacursiofl bllle fm apylioation to Messrs. OILKAD & SO N, .2. Water-st.. Liyerponl, or the` cSLIII OF MASZTEAM r.2,431:13T CO., Igo, ,Docgia,s.

IVERPOOL, LLA'NDUDICO, ,&EAUMAFII6. BANGOR. itliD iIdSdNAI BRIDGR. Daity SP.a.linge (Pulnawm•exctPted). "SL TIIDNO " frOm- fray Oth. * Leaves Y..iverp001.....10A5 a.m. Learos 'Bangor and „ Llandu4na...lPC p.m. Mena Bridge 321 p.m. . .teaumarle...2.4; p.m. „ Mew:mils 4 Ji.m. Arrlya•frangor and „ tlanaudno ,5 It p.m. MeoLlßridge.-2, 6ki).m. Arrlveilive:pool 7R# p.m. • On 14.. h June the. TUDNO'avill.leave Llverpo3l at 9-45 a.m.tnatead or 10-an ae.m. .„ of begiaulc of .Elyx.twrainFai.,:r.,ltinmsgasoet:manyslitNirevani:lll3.;:ill'eoßek: aNe. aTpiepiclyetato..kcan any dat 14'd. Od. tor Falirectaa.-TelY., ;?,/o.ter-st., Liverpool.

gotrulin. e 4, RDINARY RETURN TICKETs issued during the pailful from the Ist ffay to 31st Ochtfaer, are air- fable for two•Criender Months, .ty OWL or BEAM, but arezot tramnerable. If not wed witlen the pre- scribed period atay are cancellse_ rTo allowance made for ,tickets lost, miaßld, or not abed. • &TEAM COMMVIZICATION BBTWEEN LIVERPOOL AND GLASGO.W. CALLIN4 AT GREENOCK • The ,first-elas,, fuN-pswered Screw ileamers OWL and tiSLZAti are intended to sal: from CLARBN-T.X DOCK (south-west side), Limerpool as ...ander, carrying vow and Passengers el terms Anted in Slating Bills, to be hut from the Agents. JUNE. Prow, From Princes Landing Clarence Dock. Stage prompt. OWL TURSDAY, :fins 2 p.m. BEAR THURSDAY Bth 5p m. FARES (including Steward's Fee) OWL €.ATUHDAY 11:411 7 b ''''''''''' mingle, 12s. 6.1. Return £1 ; Steerage, single, 6s. ; servante in catfla pay full fare. Childrea above two years, and under twalve years of age half these tares. AGICNT :—fl. mid J. Burns. 30, larnaies-st.,E Glasgow, and 10, Bernard at., Leith Williqrn Sinehir, Exelte-tuildings, G reenock ; C. AIM-JIVER St CO. • 64. and 65.. Tower Bnildisngs. • Ws ferat... Lhrea,pool. Offices of tt,nl3ridgewater Nay)tion Company, 1.4 Old Quay Company, 41 Queen,st., and Water-st.„'w.f.ted.and ;Kindles- ter, or C. Maclver, & Co ;Albert-square. Maffebeafer• ga

Pume BENEFIT BOOT CO. BEST BOOTS FOR EVERYBODY. See the new Styleb In LADIES' LOW SHOES. UNDER THE CLOCK, WARRINGTON. UNDER THE CLUB, WIDNES. 20 IBRIDGE STREET, EARLESTOWN. THREE GOLD MEDALS FOR QUALITY.

35, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. 111AWSON AND Co. THE STANDARD TAILORS Are NOW SNOWING some of the Choicest. Designs in W OOLLEN GOODS for the present Season. We save lately adopted and are now cutting by the NEWEST AND LATEST AMERICAN SYSTEM. With great success, and are confident of giving every satisf action in fit and style. EVERTGARMENT made under PERSONAL SUPERVISION

LADIES TIIIS YOU YOU TO READ. THERE IS NO PLACE LIKE HOME. And nothing in it looks more comfortable than a BRIGHT and CLEAN FIRESIDE. NO MORE BLACKLEADING REQUIRED. YOUR GRATES CLEANED IN FIVE MINUTES. USE LAWSON'S BLACK. Sold in Tine at 21d. 40., 60. each. Full directions for use on each dn. All you require to use it with is LAWSON'S PATENT BRUSH AND HOLDER. Price Bid. One Brush will last a lifetime. The end of the Holder being attached to tbe Brush forms a Shield to prevent the fingers being soiled with the black. LAWSON'S BLACK is a pleasure to use. No Brushing. No Dirt. Your Grates and Fenders will always look equal to new. Will not burn off or blister only where the bars ge red hot. SOLE MANITFACTURER FOR PATENTEE: H. M. LAWSON, BOOTLE, LIVERPOOL. A large sire Tin, with Brush and Holder complete, free per Parcel Post for Is. 4d. in stamps or postal order. Copy of unsolitited Testimonial, selected out of a number received. Hawthorne Villa, Linthorpe, Middlesbro', Oct. 29, 1892. Mr- H. M. Lawson, Liverpool. DEAR Sta,-1 have used some or the " Lawson's Black" on my drawing and shining room fire grates, which my husband brought me to try, with the object of saving the servants the tedious work of blackleading, and I think it only tight to comply with his desire to inform you that the trial has been most satisfactory in every respect; not only is the saving in time reduced more than three-fourths, and the appearance of the grates much improved as compared to blackhead, but the brush and holder you have introduced en- ables those who use it to do so without in any way blacking or soiling their hands. I may also add that an far the appear- ance has not been affected by the heat of the fires—Yours respectfully. JENNIE DOVE. Ask your Teaman. Grocer, or Chandler for it, And See that You Get It.

SPRING AND OUMAIEH SHOW IN JUVENILE DEPARTMENT AT TUB MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT FOR LITTLE BOYS we have now Ready for SPRING and SUMMER WHAR very pretty 2/11 New Designs in SAILOR SUITS &c.. from BLUES. BLACKS, BROWNS. GREYS. FAWNS, &cf.-YOUTHS D.B. }OMER KNICICER SUIT In aII Colours are VERY STYLISH FOR BOYS 9 to 15 years old. YOUTHS D.B. AND S.B. REEFER SUIT long TROUSERS in endless variety prices to meet. all Boyers de ALL GOODS OUR OWN MAKE. 8 & 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

_ WE ARE THE ONLY MAKERS OF LAWN MOWERS appointed by Royal Warrant linkers to lI.M. the Queen and His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. REENS PATENT " SILENS ESSUR " %.:31 LAWN MOWERS, WITH IMPROVED WHEELS AND SOLID-LINK STEEL. CHAINS, AND NEW MONARCH. Take the lead of all others. and are the first, foremost, and best In the word. They hare stood the test for upwards of thirty years, and have carried off EVERY HIGIIIIST PRIZE which has been given in all.cases of competition. They are in const nt use in all the Royal Gardens. They will cat either short or long grass, bents. Ike., wet or sky. EVERY ONE SENT OUT IS GUARANTEED to give entire satisfaction. Otherwise it may be returned at once Free of COST to the PURCHASER. They can be had of all respectablelronmongers and Seedsmen in the United Kingdom,ordirectfrom the manufacturers, THOMAS GREEN & SON, LIMITED, SMITHFIELD IRONWORKS, LEEDS, and stIEREy WORKS, BLACKFRIARS ROAD, LONDON S.E. Carriage Paid to all the Principal Railway Stations in the United Kingd m, Illustrated Price Liete,with Testimonials. Free on Application. Beware of deceptive imitations. N.B.—Repairs promptly done at both our Establishments, for the trade as we.i as others.

I PRE WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANY, LTD. 1. (Late John Nunnerley and Co.. Ltd.). BUILDERS MERCHANTS. ARMY STATION, WARRINGTON, CELINHELI, PENRHYN, AND CARNARVON SLATES. CEMENT, LIME, DRAIN PIPES, FIRE BRIMS, TILES. and every other kind of Builders' Materials kept in stock at our Arpley Wharf, or sent by road, rail, or vessel to any Town or Port in the United Kingdom. SOZ,E AGENTS for the RUGBY PORTLAND CEMENT CO. Tek.phone No. 19. Telegraphic Address :•• Arpley." W'gton

T DOE AND CO., Limited. INDIA RUBBER & PURR ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn, or CEMENTED ONLY. BONA FIDB MANUFACTURET:S. 42, Chapel Street. Liverpool, Also at 35. Market Street, Manchester. London, Cardiff, Newport, and Dublin. LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

HALL'S MY HATTER. THE CELEBRATED W. W. OR WEAR WELL MAKE OF HATS. MADE FROM PURE NATURAL FUR AND PURE LAMBS' WOOL, ELASTIC AND UNBREAKABLE, DURABLE, COMFORTABLE AND EASY FITT- ING AND PERFECTLY VENTILATED. FROM 2/6 TO 6/6 Made by TRADES' UNION workpeople in a Britieh Factory. To be obtained only from THE NOTED HAT SHOP. 1. MARKET GATE. WARRINGTON.

SPRING AND SUMMER SHOW' AT THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. BEING LARGE MANUFACTURERS OF CLOTH- ING of every description and LARGE BUYERS FOR CASH enable them to receive great advantages front the Woollen Manufactures. and our Customers will receive the benefit in Buying their Clothing from them ALL GOODS ARE WELL MADE and Trimmed equal to any bespoke trade. THEIR STOCK THIS SPRING IS BEYOND ANY PREVIOUS SHOW FOR MAGNITUDE NOVELTY AND VALUE. MEN'S SUITS 16/6,18/1.1.21/-, 23/6, 27/6, 30/-, 33/-. MEN'S TROUSERS 5/11, 6/69 6/11, 7/6, 8/6, ;/6, 10/6• INSPECTION INVITED. ALL GOODS OUR OWN MAKE. 8 AND 10. HORSEMARKET-STREET. WARRINGTON.

EXPIRATION OF LEASE. MISS CANTRELL HAS DECIDED TO CLEAR HER CHOICE SELECTIONS OF GLASS A/s D CHINA AT A REDUCTION OF 20 PER CENT. DISCOUNT FOR CASH. MISS CANTRELL, 66. SANKEY-STREET. WARRINGTON,

I , THE EMPIRE. TEA Co's NOTED TEAS / 9/ 6• 0 r's PER AT 2/-, ...,/ 2, 2/4, 2;6, & Z/Li LB. WE GIVE ONE CHEQUE, OR VALUE 3n. WITH EACH QUARTER-POUND TEA. Purchasers or Cheque Holders have a costly and varied Stock of useful and ornamental Articles to choose from. Ps Sheets, Tablecic the, Towels, Air. p. .1 Kitchen and Parlour Rugs, .-3 0 • Door mats all sorts. " Z Floor and Table Oilcloths, :4 0 .4 gl Ironware in great variety, M c/ M 4° 0 Baskets, Brushes, Ac., 0 co bi MI iti Cutlery all sorts, - 0 0 CA2 , 0 Chlua, and Earthenware. r. t 14 Toilet Sets, Trinket Sets, C r, 0 a Lamps a large assortment, 0 cp 43 Glassware all sort'. Fl M • Vases and other ornaments In great variety. Culinary articles too varied to enumerate. , THE EMPIRE TEA COMPANY, 16, HORSENSARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

CRITCHLEY, THE NOTED TAILOR, FIRST QUALITY IN LABOUR FIT AND STYLE. SPECIALITIES. COVERT COATS, 405. SUITS. 50s. • TROUSERS 16s. 107 A DRESS SUITS SOS. J. C. having a large stock of late season goods, is offering same at greatly reduced prices. 61 BOLD STREET. WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1870. HANKINSON AND SON AERATED WATER MANUFACTURERS, , RUNCORN. Among their Specialities are REAL OLD-FASHIONED BREWED GINGER BEER, In Stone Bottles. 70LAKONE, containing the stimulating and sns- taining properties of the Kola Nut. Beneficial to Athletes, B• REWED HOP ALE (Non-Intoxicatmg). QUININE TONIC WATER, a Delictous Drink and a Splendi I Restorative. SODA WATER, guaranteed to contain the required quantity of Soda-Bicarbonate. IN CORKED OR PATENT BOTTLES. SYPHONS SUPPLIED. HANKINSON and SON guarantee their Drinks to to Free from all injurious contam- inations, being periodically suNected to a strict analysis. Their Aerated Waters are of the Highest Quality, and eanuot be excelled.

THE LIVERPOOL ANIMAL SLAUGHTERING AND PATENT MANURE COMPANY. LIMITED, SUPPLY TIM BEST MANURES 07 TUB MARKET Made from Blood. Bones, etc., TO SUIT ALL CROPS. Price list and terms post free on application. P.s.—The best price given for dead and worn-out Hones, and removed on the shortest notice. Telephone, 1407. W. C. 110ECKINSON, 3, Collingwood-street, 31.niaging Director. Liverpool.

TUE BEST NIGHTCAP.—Have your sheets washed with Hudson's Soap, and they will always be sweet azi roses. fresh as sea breezes. There will be none of the disagreeable smell, so objectionable in other soaps.—A pure Dry Soap in fine powder.—didet. (2). MEDICAL.

TALEIFION, Crieeieth, North Wales, TO BB LET, Fur 1 nlshed, or APARTMENTS : four sitting-rooms, facfng sea. eleven bedrooms, hot and cold bath.—Apply CaprAxN ItowLA3DA.

TSLE OF MAR—DOUGLAS.—Mrs. TFTLOW, Renshaw House. 13. Mona-terrace, Finch-roesi. Visitors wilt here find most comfortable accommodation, with or without board ; reasonable terms.

QIX ROOMED FURNISHED HOUSE, summer month, with piano, beautiful fielrl to walk in ; ten mituites from beach, four from station. £1 103. per week.—AN Joitzs Outrigg Place, St. Bees.

QRASIDH.—CRICCTRTH, NORTH WM:lN.—Furnished bowie to let (perfect RanitU n); two pitting-roomx, six bedrooms, including servants' room ; good view of Cardigan Bay.—Avly ONVE:f, Bea View.

WINDHRMERR, Derwentwater, Ambleside. Grasmere, de., Charming Furnished Mansions, Villas and Vicar- ages, for season. also unfurnished (list and map free).— SAUL. Agent. Windermere.

BUXTON.-THE PEAK THERMAL ESTABLISHMENT. The beet Hydropathin In the district. Mineral Water and other Baths. Magnificent puhlic rooms. Excellent cuisine. Tabla d'hete at separate tables.

\\TINDER:VIP:TM. Till middle of July. Prensantfy situatA Villa Residence ; dining, drawing, and five bedrooms. bath room. excellent kitchens, linen and plate; every convenience.—Owaa, Reullura, Rawness.

NORTH WALES.—Supertor Parmhonse APARTMENTS. Trout fishing In the Dee (free). Moderate terns. Board If required. The house Is splendidly sitnated.—T AULT WALKER. Manley Hall, Erbigtock, Ituabon,

DOUGLAS, ISLE OF MAN.—Relined Christian Home. replete with every comfort. for boarders and private families ; select part of bay. Terma reasonable.—Mrs. WESTLAKE, Sea Level, Queen's Promenade. Accessible by trams.

LAKE DISTRICT.—FURNISHED APARTMENTS to Let, two sitting rooms, four bedrooms one double, nicely situated. Rye minutes walk to Esthavaite Lake. tithing and boating to be had.—Apply Mrs. JACA.a.ON, Regerground Farm, Hawksheaci.

/ 10LWYN DAY.—" Home from Home" Boarding Establish- ment, stands ln own grounds, near sea, drawing, smoke and music-rooms, library, dark-room. Board and residence, 17s. 6d. to 255. per we-k, including use of bathroom, &c.. Mrs. Brackstone. Plas-v-Coed.

QITTING and TWO BEDROOMS, unfurnished, very 1.3 pleasant, good accommodation for visitors. parents wishing a change for their children will meet with home comforts, terms moderate.—Mrs. CARTABIGIST. Wrath:Lore- lond Villas, Fairfield. Buxton.

DOI7GI LAS, ISLE OF MAN.—Warrington House, Empress Terrace, Tate Empress Drive, situated In the Centre of the Ray, Uninterrupted View of Sea and Headlands, every accommodation for Boarders and Non-Boarsitre ; terms tuaderate.—P. TRAVIS, Proprietor.

ULLSWATER, Watermlllock Rouse.—The above has been opened u a Temperance Hotel and Furnished Private Apartments. w.c.. dm. Splendid scenery, free fishing on th - lake. boats, stabling. Terms (strictly moderate) on applica- tion.— WILLIAM Sistrsox, Proprietor.

Co be Eet. DENICETH. HOUSE, with garden ; also several cottages.— Appiy Mr. ROBERT Lowk. estate agent, Market Gate Chambers, Warrington.

lIODSE AND GARDEN TO LET, No. 4. Salisbury-et., rent £25 Bs. per annum. Contains dining and drawingroom, kitchen, to., live bedrooms, w.e., and bath.— Apply GIBSON AND Sox, Church-et., Warrington.

GEORGE JACKSON. PAWNBROKER, JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH, 59, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY, Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS, and MUSICAL EN- S 1 RUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

LAD Y'S very handsome solid GOLD GUARD, new 12 months Payments taken. ago, had very little wear, cost five £2 10 guineas, splendid pattern. Only 3.

FIRST CLASS English CONCER- TINA. Rosewood, 48 keys. Best Payments taken. leather bellowa, made by Zachenal and Co., of London," prize rned Mists In very handsome lock up polished wood case, velvet lined, quite new, £2 17s. 6D. cost four guinras, sell for

JTUST FORFEITED. the " Victoria Select Library- " containing 11 Payments taken. beautifully Bound Cloth Volume 3. popular and interesting works, per- 109. 6D. fectly clean. Only

QECOND-HAND, an excellent solid SILVER WATCH, horizon- Payments taken. tat movement, gold joints, splendid case. Cost fifty shillings, warranted 12s. 6D. forthree years. Wonderful Bargain.

HAVING PURCHASED under exceptional circumstances a Payments taken. stock of first-class quality LINO- LEUM two yards wide. Choice selec- tion of patterns, usual price 4/6 per yard. cur price per running yard•is

FORPEITED under specialcontract Gent's English SILVER LEVER, Payments taken. Centre Seconds Chronograph Stop W CH, three.quarter plate move- ment, made by that celebrated maker " Pendleton of Liverpool," fully ad- justed compensating balance for accurate timekeeping, eve y action fully jewelled. Gold joints and out- side stop. Cost eight guineas nine months ago.will give stamped guaran- tee for ten years. Only orstl IeJS, 611

-- EARTHENWARE SECONDS.—Numher of good CRATES 4 to dispose of, consisting of Painted, Printed, ac.—For price and further particulars apply A. 11. SAMBROOK, 25, Church-st., Hanley, Staff.

Q COTCH W HISKET .—Parties desiring really good 0 Whiskey should send P.O. for 20s. for six bottles, car- riage paid to any part of England.—ManintoW and Co.. Lockerbie. N.B. Established 1825.

DHAMMY, WOOL. and KNITTING BUSINESd to be dis- posed of, in Lytham, the only knitting business in the town ; toad house, easy rent, central position stock and fixtures about £250 —ll, Queen.st.. Lytham.

OUR BLACK AND BLUE WOOL BBIiORS make splendid suite. A full suit length, carriage p id for 10s.. 15s. ed. and 18s. 6d. Patterns free.—A. L. Lirrmtwoori, Manufac- turer, Donley, Huddersfield. Mention paper.

TOHN LOWB, Fire and Thlef-proot SAFB MAKBA, has ON tJ SALB Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. —3B. Albert-street, King-street West. Manchester.

CIHARACTERS delineated from handwriting, or from kJ sketches or Impressions of hands., with lines in pa Ms ; all questions willingly answered.—Fee Is., for handwriting ; le. 6d. for hands.—Mrs. 1inA141.97021, Wareham. Dorset.

rrANNED NETTING..-For preserving Fruit Trees, rower Beds, ac., from frost and blight. 35 square yards for Is. ; sent any width. Carriage paid on all orders over 5s.— HENRY JOHN GASSON, Fish Merchant, Rye.

MANUFACTURER'S REMNANTS In Stuffs. Cashmeres, Prints, Calicoes, Crettmnes, Flaumele. Shirtings, and Woollen Clothes. 10 lb. bundles cheap; prfce list free.—W. CLARKSON, Merchant, 41, Swsine-st., Bradford.

OLD. Lancasters" celebrated photographic 80,000 SOLD. ic.. for Amateurs or Profes- sionals. MANCFIEBIER AGENCY Is at 71. Oxford-at. (All Saints'). Lists free. Second hand camerae bought or ex- changed.

RARE BOOKS.—Sappho, illustrated, Is, 6. The Bride, Is. 6d. ; Aristotle's Works, coloured plates, 352 pares, 2s. 4d (valuable medical book) ; many others ; catalogues two stamps; s;x curious phot os.l.B.—flo9awrmal,Park-rldings, Hornsey, London, N. Mention paper, DILHS I PILES All outward rlrais cured in two or three days with BODEY'S PATENT OINTMENT. Testimonials from all parts. Only ens trial solicited.— Apply Mr. or Mrs. Boy. Queen's Head Inn, Manchester-road, Bradford, Yorkshire. Boxes Is. each, by post la. 10.

'T ALKER'S SPECIFIC FOR PILES.—A Certain, safe V and speedy remedy. Beneficial to,the gentral health. Cures constipation. Invaluable to ladies. In brutes, Is. Itri , and 2s. 9d., of most chemists: by post is. 3d. and 2s. lid —J. WALIER, Manchester HOLM, St. Augustine's-road. Southses.

F''ND Dh`AD.—Thousands have teen kitled with Sanford's Poison. Hawdreds of farmers that have used it say it is tie lest poison known. as they find ,a lot of rats dead by using it. Post tree is. 2d., 9 box , 0.....AP1F0RD and Soti, Sandy, Beds. Send stamp and try it. Sold by chernis's. .

NOtrINGIIAM LACE CAWS. SPLENDID SILK LAOS CAPES 2.. 6. AND 3s. MD. BACH. Carriage paid ; superior quality ss, ICrl. worth lss. fit and quality guaranteed. Beautiful white slarts, full size. trimmed deep lace, Es. ; trimmed with. embroidery. 49.6 d., good value. Carriage paid. WmJ COrmow, Lace and Lace Curtain Manufacturer, Weekday °roes, llottittgbatn.— Established 50 years.

WARRELL'S EXTRACT OF lIERRS for the mak- ing of HERB or- BOTANIC BEER of the very best kind it makes a yery.pleasant honiritoatiOvting beer one table spoonful will make,ane gallon of splendid, sparkling, beer. A trial solicited. Sample bottle poatl free for 6 stamps, agents wanted, Pend for price list to 8. M. WARRETL, 124, MERTON BANK-ROAD,.ST. HELENS, LANCASHIRE.

WARDED FIRST PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide /-1 Jubilee Exhibitims, 1887, and Sydney eentenari Exhibition, 1888.— TO PICTURE FRAME MARER.S AND DECORATORS. Cheapest House in Londor. for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings —all the newest design.a Two million Zeetalvrays in Sn.z.k. Veneered and fancy 'Noce moulding., eta. Picture frames of every description, oleographs,lo. Furtherreduction in prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to ccuntry and shipping orders. Full particulars In pattern book and catalogue (a 5 pages 4to demv rsvised for 1891) for 3d. otampe.—H. Alotirt.L. 17 and 18, great St. Andrew-at., Moomsbnry, London. Telegraphic 'address "Rabblity," Loudon. Stook lists and prices of Riese monthly. free.

A GENTS WANZED to push Erst-class machinery oils. Liberal Commission.—Box 22, Post Ottke, Liverpool. TAI,TED, a 10IING MAN arth : abouh £2O capital, to V , V join another In a profitade undertaking.—Addresto Box 55, Examin,miattlea. Warrington,

T EFT OEF CLOTHES bcteglat, twit price for parcels for- IA warded, if not approved. goodareturned.--JAnas. GOR- max, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326.328, and 3413, Deanagate, Manchester.

SECOND-73AND DRESS Sinn. unitary, Theatzionljiand Uniforms for sale wr hire.—JAMF.S GORMAN, New ond Secoa4-1Ia1)d Clathes De-aler, 328, 328, and 346, Deumrete. Maneheater. Also Gentlemen'a misfit Suite perfectly neW at a aiNt wet Price.

CONTINUATION OF REDUCTIONS. OF THE RESIDUE OF STOCK, ASH AT PRICES THAT MUST COMMAND AN ENTIRE CLEARANCE AT THE TEMPLE OF ARTS FURNITURE ESTAB- LISHMENT, 164 awn 166. BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON. SIDEBOARDS. A few Splendid Sideboards from 4 feet to 7 feet ate reduction of 15 to 25 per cent, from the:plainly marked usual prices. BEDROOM SUITES. Bedroom Suites from £5 to £BO, amongst hich are some very handsome suites in al- most every kind of Wood and decorated, at a reduction of 10 to 25 per cent. from the plainly marked usual prices. BEDSTEADS. Iron. Iron and Bra's, and all Brass Bed- steads, at greatly reduced prices. CARPETS AND HEARTHRUGS, ac. Carpets, Hearthrugs, Floor Cloths Lino- leum, Mattings, and Mats of every descrip- tion, and at very low prices. Beds and Mattresses of every kind made, and Bedding of all sorts. A 1 quality, and at prices that cannot fail to give satisfaction. • CONTINUATION OF REDUCTIONS AT THE TEMPLE OF ARTS, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON. Re W. MARSH. ESTA IMISTIED 1864.

THE GOLDEN BEE 111,11. THOMAS GREAVES, PAWNBROKER, JEWELLER. AND OUTFITTER, 68 and 71. CHURCH STREET. WARRINGTON.

Eno mons Reductions in Dresses. Skirts, and., very des• cription ef Women's wear. A large number of Girls' and Children's Frocks, sultable for Walking Day. Dress Pieces and Remnants in nil Sh.des. Juveniles Clothing a speciality

BoYS' STRONG TWBSD SUI ES, quite new, from 2 11 BOYS' BLACK IVOIISTBD SUITS, all sires, from 6 11 Several other ranges of Boys' Snitsat efetual.y low prices Also several Bo e' Second-hsnd Suitspand odd Garments

CHEST, 3ft . Mahogany Polished, 2 Small, 2—Large Drawers, very strong l7 0 GENT' SILVER ENGLISH LEVER WATCH, superior finish made by H. Eustance..Sankey-street, Warring- ton, capped and j welled. a great bargain .... . Z 2 23 GUINEA GOLD WEDDING RINGS. V9W and—Second- hand, in all sizes. from 9 11 LADIES' SECOND-HAND SILVER WATCH, stamped cases, just iodated. only - 8 6 0--3 9 HALF-DOZEN ELECTRO TEA SPOONS, very best Quality O, 3 9 0 2 11 SILVER—SEAL-PEND—A7NTS. Sterling silver Hall Marked

0 9 6 SILVER ALBERT, Curb Pattern, and Stamped.every Link, a Bargaiu 0 9 6 1 6 0 Pair Iof.BUFNALO HORNS, in good condi- tion, fift &Toss l' 5 0 0 12 6 KITCHEN DRESSER, oak painted, very strongly made, turned lege, sft. 61n. !bug, white top 3 drawers, special lihe ' o'l2 6

• - 0 29 6 Real nehogan R y PARLOU CHEST, Mt, - high, 3 large two small , rawers- with locks to each, will take highest polish. As genu— ine bargain at - 6' 015 6 Strong Iron FOLDING CHAIR BEDSTE/D. with cushions complete wllt form chair, cou.h r bed, to be sold for

Any of the• Articles mentioned can be•seen in Windede Display at THE GOLDEN BEE HIVE, CHURCH STUMM

DRIISCOT UNION. TO PAINTERS AND DECORAA TORS. The Guardians of this Union are-prepared to rePelve THNDERS for PAINTING. COLOURSIXG, do., at the Workhouse, Whitton. Specifleationamay be seen at my. offiee. Sallied Tenders endorsed" Painting, do ,"to be sent to me net later than 10 o'clock a m., on Thursday, the 1521V1nst. The Guardians do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any Tenderw A. PVICANN, .I.lelion Clerk. Union Office; Whistou, Preseot. Ist June, ISM vARR INGTON UNION.—TO PAINTERS.--The Guar. diant at the Warri n gtoa Union request THNDRIIS for, preparing and. RH-PAINTING of :Ire outside portions of the Warrington Union Workhouse and premises as hitherta painted, witbOtwis coats of good oil,pairiti Genuine white lead and the best linseed oil are to be used, and the materials are to be brought in hulk and mixed togettitr on the premises, The preparatory work and painting to be executed to the satisfaction of the House Commiaee. Tenders to. be sent to- me on or before Monday. June-12th, properly sealed sad endorsed •• Tender for paintlng."-For intusetio,s. and other Informations. apply to the Maseri• Mr. Ward, Union week., house. JAMES a SUTTON.. Clerk. to. the Guardians. Bewley Chambers, Warringtskaaday, 1821

lIRSCOT UNION. —TO BUILDEIRS AND CONTEAC- TORS.—TBNDBRB are ittrited • for the enlargemeat of • the vagraoli wards at the Workhouse. WhisOsn. Plans may he teen at the etch of the Architect (Mr. ;Tune. Gandy), Masonic Buildings, 3'41-street. St. Helens, chere quantities .may be obtained opon a depoait of half a guinea. which 51120 will be returned upon the rece;pt of a bons ;iele Tender. Tenoers endorsed '• Vagraat Wards," to,be delivered to me the un.lersignefi. not later than 10 o'clockra.m., on Thursday, 15th daiyofJeme. 1893. The Guardians do not bin llthernaelvea•to aecept the -lowest. or any Tender. A, MANN, 61ok to the G oar-anal'. Unicat Mem, Whlston. Broseet, Lab lune. 1593..

113,SRSCOT UNION.—CONTRAOTS POR PROVISIONS), &o'.—Persons theirons of coutraeling with the:Guard.- laps obthle Unlnn, for CIA Next Sia-Mbriths for supplying at theMorkbouse the several articleS•herainafter named, Flour,Oatmesl.Margaritre.Cheese.liggs,Baeon,Groceries.Ccest, Linen awl Woollen Drapery, Smelly/ayes, TinwareXardware, Iron in on ger y , Earthenware, Leather, Paint, Cofille, Timber. and other articles, are requeste4 to deliver Elealectl•B NDERS upon fosses to be obtataed at ray Office at the Boardwuo.e of t2se saki Union in Whiston, on or- before THURSDAY. the 15th,JUNR, before IC *.m. BuclaTenders will be °pa:l%dpi) Cats meeting of ;the Guard- 'tians. On the last namcd,d4y. The Guardians wiit also take. Tenders for Now Milk and illresh Butter for three years. Samples of unpotishable articles required may be seen at the Workhous Security will b.., requirsd;for performonee of be con- Imes. ' The Guardians.do not bind themselves to soeept the lowest (many Tender. By etaer of the tioard. A. E. MANN, Caton Clerk. Union Offices,...Whlstsr.. Premark Ist Imre, 1893.

Zirpritg, isascSfttatts, &r. WRINGING ISACKINES. by all best Inn kers. Sewing machines by BradSury and others. Agent for the Quinton. Coventry Cyclesi and the Special Ol Salford. best discounts in town for cash.—W. FURNIVAL, 78 Kntstsford-:d., Warrington.

SAFETIES ! SAFETIES !! SAFET/ES! ! ! Write for most complete List in the Trade. Post Free, con. taming over 500 New and Second-hand Machines, all of the latest patterns. Machines from 255. Cheapest and Best in the World. Trade supplied 5) per cent. chosper then other makers. Large List Post Free. W. B. WARRILOW, REGENT CYCLE WORKS, WESTON-SUPER-MARE. MASON'S CTCLE CO.. LTD. 71. RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. THE BEST MACHINES, WITH PNNUMATIC TYIIHS, FROM £ll 11g. BACH. REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. A. MASON, MrAINACIIIII. NOTE NEW ADDRESS...

BALL RRAIIINGS to all arts incitading head ad pedals, finest quality, steel tube, dl,rnond frame, beantifully enamelled and Thated. A written guarantee with every machine. PRICE { With latest pattern Pneumalie Tyres CP. 10s. With best quality cushion Tyres £9, ss. Made in Coventry, the home of gtninue Cycle/. Only address : BLADES, 73. POLD-STRERT, ri3VERPOOL.

- HUMBER'S NEW SHOWROOMS. The world-fantons Humber's House in Liverpool is mow 73, Bold.street. Their Specialty for 1893 is a marvel of lightnens and streceth. fitted with the latest pattern tyres at £l2 Its. cash. To all purchaiers of this Machine the Rettim Railway Pare. from Warrington and neighbo ,rlmod allowed. 73. 190fitEliT. 73. LIVERPOOL.

Tifli I OLD-BSTABLISHBD BASSINETTB MumnousE. Beware of spurious imitations. The best and cheapest Carriages in the town, or district. (No connectieni with any other firm of the same name.) W. ASHTON, 74,. Sankey-A., Warrington, manu- facturer of Bath Chairs, Bassinettes, I'Aistio Car- riages, ,tc., of the best materials and workman, on the premises, under personal smiervision. Well-finished Bassinet-tea from 255., warranted to run, straight. Mail Carts, Tricycle Horses, Doll Carr Ages, Agent for Sewing Machines, Wrlnvlng and Wash.lhg Mao- hines. WORKS :—BBAIVONT-STRIBT.

BELSIZ E, 'WELL'S, WHITWORTH'S, TINTS, REFEREES, HUMEER and SYMYER. CRIPTO'S, COVENTRY CROSS, GROSVENONS, STARS, and maker of the celebrated HARDIE CYCLES. The largest Stock in the North to select froral livery raterhine warranted for 12 months. Cycles made and.repaired ors the premises. Solid- tyred Safeties convertesi into mil:Acne from 30s. The :farle supplied and agents appointed. CALL and 814 E HARDIE'S lIIIMZER-PATTERN DIA- MOND FRAME 1893 (Dunlop or other Pneumatic Tyres) Weight from 301b5., for £lo,loa, Warmated fur 12 monite. Cycles supplied on the eas7payment system. HARDIE, Cycle Factor, 80; Renshaw-at.. Live' pool, and 288 and 210. Regeat-road, Salford.

RUDGE LEADS ALL. CYCLES. IT IsSTRTEINTTIFOTRAFO N 0413r4GrigNESAS'D MECHANICAL BEAtFial Fully eThippect It lathe we .ther defying mountmt the tourivti ;stripped, the lightning cycle of the mad,raers. Can be had on the easy payment system, orgood Myrna for cash. Send for Price Listfree, and give your ordeD at once to save delay, to the largest and oidost,sycle firm In The world. RUDGIi: CYCLE Cet,. LTD. 101, BOLD-SII2O'.LIVENOL

CYCLES CYCLIF.S.! YOU WANT THE FASTEST, 3IACHPNES IN THE WORLD AND THE 11/GGEST DISCOUNTS. OR ANYTHING IN TIM CYCLII,2INB. CALZ T.E BURTON CYCLE COMPANY, KNUTS:9ON334. ROAD) WARRINGTON'. A SPECIAL LEADING'PNEULEAT/0 TYRED SAFETY) £ll Mt, This is a High-Chvas Machine nons-og your WDlverlhualpton,robbish:

CYCLJSTS: DON'T BUY RUBBISH with, fr.ncy namem and made of common met ..,I.or gas-piping They are only made to look at. ant to ride. Many have found this true, to their aorrow. Rad a lighter poekeb during the 11,3 season. 3uv a Reliable Mouncfrom tha.Plidnufacturer, made of the Best Weidlese Steel, Guaranteed, yoathea SAVE ANTS PROT And obtain tit°, Extra Discount yossoself. Send for List or Call and 'copeck our Stock. eturn Fare allowed le Liverpool to .Prwebarere. Our Machines cannot be surpassed for Originality Etscellence and Trustworthiness, and can be had en our new GRAM74.II. PAYMENT' SYSTEM. GRAND VALUEL bUNQZ,P PNEUMATIC DIAMOND FRAME SAFETY 11 QUADRATS CYCLE IYkPOT, 69, BOLLtOTREET, 1.-rtriutroail.

E_ GIGS. from roamilfteent pfm.,of prize whining Silver Spangled Ilamikaghs. 33. per thirteen ; guaranteed feretle.—Jonm 0. favernEws, Pa:grave Hfl, Swaffham, Norfolk.

I3LAC MINORCA EGGS, Il.l,pkins and., Hunters. voted K layers and priaszstraln ; also white ifghorn, Ringwood and Bradbury, pri7,e, sirain, onlygs. 6d. packed, JOSEPR ,111.1surrr, 304, Rae.ssot., T2GGS for HATCHING from my not. winter layers; Langshan-Minereas, Pl7mouth Racks, White Leg- horn's ; splendid :avg. eggs, ss, par dozen. Ca h with order. Untertile replaced.;ll return quiriage p&—Miss Wittow.z., , Broomedge. Lym.4t, Warrington EGG-9 FOB ttildrylb G. Bilek Winona Butterfield. Hp, 4 kins. Haett Brahma Cooks Berr7a, White Leghcin autterfields all at.3s.. per sitting. silver Dray Dorking Berrys-1 Wines 45., first Qro/54 Zs. per sitting; Lagertile replaced.-- 'PErgußsdidats git, Granville 30ttage, Walkden. near Bolto*.

FOR 3s. 61. send package free, aarrlage paid, 13 eggs from pura black Minorcan, Glltiboiin• strain • these fcw,is are correct in all puints, of ica-ge size, and excellent laye.-s of immense thicisahelled eggr, unlimited, grass run ; special offer, 39 eggs for Bs., 65 eggs •f0r,125. BRAITHW4ITE SCTTON, Alfred, Lincolnshire..

EGGS.—Losnon-orested lavender. Ztelands. Nothing, can approlah these birds fur their intense beauty and rarity., very hardy and wonderful layers3heaame aa I have supplied Hampton Court Palace, the Countess a Aylesford„^,lving the greateat-pleasure and satisfaction. Eggs warranted from my best Ten, 255. for 15 eggs.,fe.rtile..—WELLlNOHAstOW Becton Hatt* Attleboro'. •

QITTIltil OF HlOll CLASS EGO-S.—Placa Alinorerb L J Wester's and Abbeas champion and challenge eteia combined stra ns, 611ver grey dorldng, Cres. well's grain, ; black red game, Ceptaialleaton:a strain; Alysbou duck. Digby's. strain. No pr trate pens. Gaarantee all the same,.l hatch from Prolific layess.and ibuaitsome specimens, DEMI) better: Reduce from ..11. to 3a. 94. sitting. Two oittings&s. —33. GnPVRCH, Roche. Cornwall.

EGGS FOR SITTING. —Single and Rose combed OrpMg- tan's golden and, silver Wyandolts. light iiahme..4, 43.; darh Brahruas, Noudans. brown and white Leghorna, Lang- shz;as. Plymouth Rooks, Dluottudalusians, Minorc 43 golden penailled liamburgs, 3e. 6d. No. 2 pen Minoreas, black rose combed Bantams, white rose combed Bantams. Duel eggs, 2s-6d. per sitting of 13 eggs, Sitting mixed to suit Customers, untertile eggs Toplaaed it retierned carriage paid. The above pens have been mated, with, birds from some of, the beat yards in England to produce good layers. Inspection Invited. No eggs sold on Sandays--Joux EDNIONPSPN onitry-yand, ,Cra ak. near St. itelena, Lancashire.

FOWL CORN, LIGHT WHEAT,. BARI, BUCK WHEAT. and GALATZ CORN. CARTER & CORN DEALERS. WADRINGTON.

- - - Telephone : 1) No. 55. OB ERT AYWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, Onnenn—idarket Gate Ofmmbers, Warrington. Aucnim BoolllB—Ne.l sank Street AcEntq TO—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwiea and London (Accident Plate Glans, Fidelity Guar- antee an Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established, 1856. Imperial Live Stock Inenrance Assochtlent Limited, Es- tablished Wit National Boger IneuranceCompany, Lin.lted, Established 1864.

Dr/moans and 31003INTED JEVICIA, TUESDAY NEXT, and three following days, rot the MART, 37, Corporation-st., Manche.- tel., at 11 each day. M. WILLIAM ELLIS will SELL BY AUeTION an extensive mid valuable stock of DIAMONZB and MOUNTED JR WEES, gold jewellery and high-elasu WATCERS, de. View Monday naafi, and mornings (Wasik Catalog:les ready.

7 illarness, llorseo, (Sang, Mogg, Scr . PZIARTONS FOR SAL, low prlcee,. Including one NEW STANHOPE, and ONR ALEXANDRA DRAG.— SPArer, Friers Green, Wanington.

-- H OOPER AND SIMMONS COACH VUILDERS, 6, EI.ATER-STRItET, LIVE.II2OOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Films. Good Stook to select from. astlmates for Repairs glean free. The beet work only. Several Good Selond-Hand 13r-mghams, Lanehms, Victoria., Wagon6ttea. and Fhaetone. now :Or Sale or Hire.

£75000 At from 4 per cent., True and other Momys, to be a.iranced ea. Mortgage in sums to suit borrower 4 in any pan:, of the country.—J. W. READER. 5. Cook-street. Liverpool.

to £l.OOO on year own secnrity, strictly private le„, Householders anti others, male'arferrntle, can °Main Loans, and repay INII9 t,V, easy Instalments; without regalr- leg sureties or bonds. Cliehadvancedip*Oniptly. distance no ob;cet. write for Prospectaks to T. Wit talitgort, st; Winwici- st., Warrington.

/ NY RES PRCTABLE PERSON who la 'hi we:Trot money .M should apply to the noder-meuttonedr Surrss.of £3 up- wardtradvanced at a fewrhours notioe. Strictest privacy observed wh...ther money advanced or not. Interest nod repayn ents at a low rate. Am ly. in strictest eolith-tenor, psrsonally or by letter tc.rt-W. B. litastcwOoD, New C,ress,sto, St. Helens. or 94, Widmu-road, Widnes.

A LADY HAVING CASH at her dispo, is open•to malst 13.. Temporary Cash Advaaises of £3 find upwarc72, in con- !Stenos, to respectable housed olders, who, wish to avoid this Initial unpleasantness and ro Aine of a lowa office; nireuretlei are asked for, and habitual borrowers need not apply_ Apply, parsonally, or by lotte4 'Mrs. Moluirtdrorr,' 94j Widnes.- read, Wdnes.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH. IS AtiVANclEnf S7RIE7LY PRIVATE ADVANCES fro= :210 upward ots BORROWERS OWN 2ROMISSOLVNOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 novr being lent annually,. For proopectus and terrns, apply to GUORGEt PAP.II.IIEi, Asoountritzt, 20, Kennedy-st., I.3anchester. ESTABLISIIED 1870.

W/DNES AND WARRINSMON. . ATM ZORN E. GOODWIN cAstinues to tr.eae ADVA37CES ill PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working:men; and all resperlable Hc aseholders; on their owirsecurity% LIVNTIY" TO INCREASE YOUII STOCK. MONEY TO FURNIS-II 'YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY REAT OR,DEDTBi Without Bondsmen, without de:Ty, without public ertwxy, rniyour simple written pm-nise t:.pay back.—Apply et VIC- TURIN CHAMBERS (toot of the Central Stalcirxo,Mine'llilS; and In WARRINGTCN at my Reiddence, l 3 Orford-Rine, any Evening from 6t 7. Appittions from RUNCORN ano Dlstrlct generally receive precisely the same attention.

MONEY, MONEY, NION, LOANS f.:5 TO g 500,... May be had on day cU application, If inconvenient to nail, all letters NY ill have our prompt attruthen. If yon want to Start in Business-. If you varsit to Rarnis• your House. If you want to Pay your Debts. If you wan, t pancreas° your Stock. If yea want to Paryour Renti It.y2s,yments to suit Borrowers. Slaletest privaoy,guarantoodi Ifs•Bilis of Sale. No &I-reties. No Fines. No Loan Office routine..--Apply R. N. WE B B 3; DUNNING ROAD, oLNiWavertree Rtad, Nezr LONDON & NORTH-WICSTICIIN ItAILWANIsTATtoN.

p'SET LENT by a TITIVATE OIiNTIIIEZIAN AT A FEW SOCTits'• If/011CD, UPON NOTE OF NAND ALONE, Without Bank or Lcsn 'ORR.% From £l.O r 1,254, O. To.LAS3BB, and GENTLEMSN, LOUSEMOLDRIS, and to IYERSON:3 in receipt of a regrlartlicome eu..sala.y, without sureties: UPON NOTE OF HAND ALONE. and to assist personstnto business ;also upon .otic. security. of Reversions., LifeAwnuittes, Life Interests, Life.. Policlvs.. plant, stock, shalres, intown or country, wit:loot, removal. alsa on deeds andAlte pol Mes at 5 per cent. frons.ss no to 15 years, No public ingnirits, whatever, only a few actor's' hoticovequired to carry oak an advenees.—Apply personaU yor -write, to the actual lender. W, STEWART Cry ,per-straet, Blanchester. ALL COMMUNICATIONS STE ICTLY:FESPATE, and CONFIDNNI IAL. PSnoipat can remain at intereet... No secusti•es required. Na gasman° application refused. Having. s. large surplus capitatoat command, all advanoes aae.grantad cheaper than ancji astller• ostablisi.roents in Lan- awslatre. N.B.—STRICT SION* CY:OBSERVED.

1...T00:7m0 COUGH Inn celebrated effertull IF OOPING COUGH. ,nure without internal ,t; naca'icine. HOOFING COUGTI Of. all Chemists price rll 0 N G COQ G 4e. per 'Jades. Bole Wholesale Agents W. .EDvear.Ds te SON, . BUONO 11 ITIS 157; gime°. Victoria Street Lonacete, CROUP

NE' W SPRING GOODS. LLIOERY, HAM BONNETS, JACKETS, CA.PHS. DRESSES. &e. SEE WINDOWS. JOHN SIMON, 18, LitARKST-F.AI3; WARRINGTON.

BOYDELL MID LEADING TAILORS, Are now shoring a splendid selection of West of England and Soolsola Tsseeds, Overooatings, suitahla for Autumn and Winter Seasons. I.'f‘ °Vs. BUSLN'ESS' SUITS. 50S. SUITS for the Moola. An Endicott. Variety of TROUSERINGS Ms., 16s. 6d., Ac., &e. Special attention given to liverstne Dress. Perfect Fit Guarantee,d. 13. E. wspectfully invite inspection. 37. BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. Xao at MAIICHESTPR. LIVERPOOI,. and ST 11/MEM.

COLLIER'S BREAD 1.. prepared from CAREFULLY SELISUED FLOUR, Produced from the 'FINEST CALIFORNIAN WHEAT, Carefully made by EN perienced Bakers, is ABSOLUTELY PURE, And delivered daily to all parts of Runcorn and District. Orders to be left at 6, Church-tit. The Largest Trade in Town. Over 2,400 Loaves sold every week. WALTER COLLIER, 6, CHURCH-STREET, RUNCORN.

•HE ONLY lIEL/ABLE DISINPECTANT foe prerAtfon of Sraolipoa, Fevers, ac., is CALVIDITI I 6 CARBOLIC ACID. The quality now adopted as the lITANDAED IDS/NFECTANT by the Ifussfan. Cieralsn' rritish and India).* Governments. tiold In Is. and la. 6d. Dottie?, as. 6d„ ifs. and 6s. 6d. Tins, by rtbst chemists, alt. F. C. CALVEIT AND CD.. MANOMBSTHR. Awailed 60 Gold azrAtSliver Medals and DlMetnes•

DR. SCOTT'S BILIOUS AND LIVER The Safest` Idedidoe• K. SPOTT'S pilLs Cure Ind:4/cation., tied Wind' DR. Sc9TT's pILLS , DR. Se' pILLS Cure Nen'oue Depression' DR.S 1 COTT'S pi LLD Reatete the ApPetite' DR DILLS PuAfy theirogd• . S icorN -I- Strensehett the W'Sole Staters, [)R.B CO r1"8 'DILLS Tli7433aet FamCyMerlfeitte.' . _I. DR. scoTTef.piLLs 1I 1d but"Effeetual,..,„ EAR. SCOTT'S 3ILIOUB A:ID LIVES P.,1110 A.,, Are wrapped ka4 a equare green package, NarilUt,_.4., nrrdte of the proprietrr. W. LAMBEIrin In. Seyn2-3ur FA'" Lasdon, W.. by poet lir 14 or 34 atamPa.

THE EXAMINER.. SATURDIT. JUNE 3. IRD3.

SPECIAL OFFER. 12,000 A. LUSK AND CO.'S Is. TINS AT 7id. PER TIN. EXTRA QUALITY APRICOTS, 14,500 SPECIAL QUALITY 9d. TINS STEAK SALMON AT 7d. PER TIN. HENRY MILLING & CO, LTD. WARRINGTON.

CYCLES, CYCLES, CYCLES.—The largest and best selected stock of HIGH CLASS MACHINES, viz., Premier, St. Georges New Rapid, Excelsior, Sunbeam, Lion, the Elk. tc., &c., an view at JOSEPH S. GARLAND, BRIDGE STREET. SilOW ROOM, WARRINGTON; BRANCII—EARLESTOWN. All offered for CABII at exceptionally low rices—or may be had on the easy payment system. Prices 5 Guineas to 20 Guineas.—See Windows. A few shop soiled Machines offered very cheap.

WILTSHIRE BACON. rr -I I....)RAMPTON FOR PALE WILTSHIRE BACON. Extra quabty at reasonable prices. 10, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

GOLBO'RNE. CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH.—The anniversary services in connection with the above place of worship were held on Sunday. In the morning there was a children's ser- vice, appropriate hymns being sung by the children and an address given by Mr. Alfred Hulme, of St. Helens. The Rev. W. Karfont, M.A., L.L.D., of Leigh, preached to large congregations in the afternoon and evening, the church being crowded at the latter service. The choir rendered special music at both services, Mr. Walter Jones, organist and choirmaster, presiding at the organ. The collections realised the satisfactory amount of £3O Os. Id. CONGREGATIONAL GUILD.—The first of a series Of "At Homes" in connection with the above Guild was held on Saturday evening in the schoolroom, and was well at- tended, over 100 persons toning present. The Rev. T. Camm, pastor, received the guests, after which Mr. Granville Hunt presided, supported by the nastor and Mr. W. Sandham (superintendent). An interesting pro- gramme of recitations, glees,'and songs, were given, in- terspersed by short ad dresses ; one of the songs,. " The Vacant Chair," tieing sung in memory of the late James 1111lid,iv, one of the first members of the guild. who died about a fortnight ago after a lingering illness.

EMIORATION.—Intending emigra ato New York, Boston, Philadelphia, San Francisco, Cana,.la, China, Japan, Asia trails, or New Zealand. should take ti ..kets (lowest rates) at the " Bxaminer " Office, by Onion. American, Australian Oriental. ancllsther lines.—John Walker, agent,"Basnainer " Office. Bewsey-at— Warrington.-41det.

DIREn FRom THE TEA GARD.BNWO m TEA Ir. RICH, PURE, AND FRAGRANT . S• & 4d PER LB.) Over, One Million Packets Lipton s Teas Sold Weekly. Special Notice.—Delivered carriage paid for an extra id. per lb. to any address in Great Britain on orders of slbs. and upwards. Samples sent free on application. A Guarantee.—Money returned in full if Tea does not give perfect satisfaction in every way. . Mid X X="irl (CUNT TEA AND COFFEE PLANTER, CEYLON. The Largest Tea, Coffee, and Provision Dealer in the World. Sole Proprietor of the following celebrated Tea and Coffee Estates in Ceylon: Dambatenne, Laymastotte' Monerakande, Mahadambatenne, Mousakelle, Pooprassie, Hanagalla, and Gigranella, which cover thousands of acres of the best TEA AND COFFEE LAND in Ceylon. Ceylon Tea and Coffee Shipping Warehouses: Maddema Mills, Cinnamon Gardens, Colombo. Ceylon Office: Upper Chatham Street, Colombo. Indian Offices: LYONS RANGE, CALCUTTA. Indian Tea Shipping Warehouses and Export Stores: ARMENIAN GHAUT, CALCUTTA. GENERAL OFFICES: BATH STREET, CITY ROAD, LONDON, E.C. 3:311.AL1VC13333118: W..451.1=t1=1.11VG1-7CON: CicarrLea. c:)2 33r1clge• SEEM. Eucta. mmria,xos Gate. WIE..II...ATCHIEIB7OIIIEL : 2EI, Oldham St., aaaci. Eltreetrcsrci. Rea. (Corner of Cambridge St.) .A..381TC,1N-T-T-TlV3=O3Ol=L-3CAY:LQ-3W: 175, SE3taarircircl ISt. 03r-Za3:3-A.312: •17, Mumps. BRANCHES IN ALL PRINCIPAL TOWNS OF THE KINGDOM.

The Greatest Boon the World has ever known. LIPTON'S ESSENCE OF COFFEE, THE FINEST EVER MADE. DELICIOUS AND REFRESHING, Only sd. & 9d. Per Bottle. ESSENCE OF COFFEE AND CHICORY, Only 4d. & 71d. Per Bottle.

IT TOUCHES THE That's why HOMOCEA, the new Indian Ointment, is So successful ; it goes to , the root of the evil, and by absolutely removing all inflammation rapidly cures. • For Piles, Burns, Bruises, Cuts, Wounds, INeuralgia, Rheumatism, Lumbago. Eczema, and all Skin Diseases, it is a certain cure, while as a lubricant for Stiffness, Pains of all sorts, and Muscular Cramp, it cannot he equalled. These are not more words, but have been testified to by such well-known men as Lord Carrick, Lord Combermere, Bishop Taylor, H. M. Stanley, Mr. Fegan, of the Boy's Home, and bests of others. You have no need to rub it in so hard as to cause pain, but just apply it gently, and you will be surprised and pleased at the results. Of all Chemists and Drug Stores, at is. ltd. and 2s. 9d. per bar, or Hill be sent post free on receipt of stamps by the H.H. Co., 21, HAMILTON SQUARE, BIRKENHEAD. WRITE FOR PAMPHLET.

, . , . 'X'-'-• ~.,-,,,.... . , ..4-i• ,' ... ..... 1i1.F109 . . .. . .. .., .:. . , .... ~'.' ',,,. 'r .. .•. . , , 0 . .. , . No lIIDDL-krilmßills 13110y/11s To pAv ~% 111 I

COFFEE -COFFEV T.- LIPtON'S DELICIOUS BLENDS. FINEST COFFEE AND CHICORY, 10c1, is, and is gcl per lb. P"r-T3PUM 400V13E7120 I I Richest and best.] Per Xs. EV. lb. [No higher priCe WHAT ARABI PASHA, bo t Ex-Minister of War for Egypt,writing from Ceylon,Bar a LIPTON'S COFFEE : "Having visited your Tea and Coffee Rotater, I ev shil:;": had daily opportunities of tasting the Coffee gr°.ior! " saying that the Coffee grown on them is superior ill ti"r and flavour to any Mocha or other Coffee I have tasted In Egypt or elsewhere, and that no finer coffee helitat these magnificent properties, and I have no ~1 be produced.' SOLD BVBRYWHERE. BRANCHES ALL OVER THE KINGDOIL

- I{AIL WA Y TIME TABLE. JUNE. Pit.olll WARRINGTON TO Aecrington-5 45, 835, 955, 1223, 2 32, 348, 629, 8 47. Sundays 843 60. 7 Acton Bridge-7 10,7 35, 826, 1045, 1 42, 2 35, 5 15, 535, • 22. Sundays 10 15. 8 Aintree- 112, all 15, 16, a 3 8,49 10. Sundays 9 40, 25, , 35. 4 Stops if required. Altear and Hillhouse-7 12, all 15,16, a 3 8, a 4 0,a6 33. Sun- -44311 9 35. a Stops if required. ~ BarrOW-g i.). 5 20, 645, 11 40, 232, 3 48, 6 29, 8 47. Sun- 1 `7B 240. 3 35.- rkenlvitd--7 40, 10 25, 1 50, 3 17, 5 11, 6 4, 742. 1 7111mu/Imm,, (L ,t tivi.) a 3 23, 7 35. 950 I_o 45, 12 1, 211, day ,5'15.7 28,11 35. Sundays 257, 10 15, 4 40, 11 35. a Moo- -5 J s ani7. Birmingham (M.S.& 7. )-6 11, 9 59, 11 65, 12 55, 5 O. -. Sundays 5 15 p m 6 21:1717k,h,urn -2 40, 520 5 451 8'35, 9 55, 10 40, 12 23, 2 32, 3 48, 81 ° 4i• Sundays 2 40. 5 20, 843. 6 O. 847 aekpool-5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 11 40, 12 23, 2 32, 3 48, 629, 717, u 7„ Sundays 240,843 60. fl-5 4, 710. 8 25. 9 19. 10 15, 10 40, 1 15, 2 40, 3 20, 4 21, ' 6Z5, 7 17, 8 33, 855. Sundays 843,50, 8 53. 843'Y-6 45, 9 55, 12 23, 2 32, 3 48, 629. 847. Sundays ,6 0. 7 °Carlisle -2 40, 5 20. 5 45, 9 55, 11 40, 12 23, 2 32, 348, 15, Saturday flights. Sundays 240 a.m., 335 p.m. _ ..„, ~chester-7 46. 95, 1025, 12 7, 12 15. 1 40, 1 50. 37 lA. '44.511, 42.10 14, 11 32. Sundavb 8 44, 10 20, 7 45, 1 2 7 BC.lllins Green-710, 820, 10 35, 12 7, 240, 348, 440, 610, 55, 10 20. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crew. 2 11, -a2 57, 1323 , 7 10, 7 35, 8 28, 9 50, 10 45, 121, 1 42, 11 1,.. 2 35, 3 11, 515 728, 1135. Sundays 257. 10 15, 4 40, v ~,. totondays ex.e.ept,,d, bAlondays only. 8 9aeBbury_7 40, 9 5 ...,,tr ' ys 8 44, 7 45. . 12 15. 150, 3 17, 5 11, 6 4, 7 42, 10 14. SitrtkY- 8 il. 96, 9 59. 1155, days 515 m. 1255, 50, 5 55, 11 53. h 1 a 10, ls riealtonp. w -5 45, 710, 825. 835, 105, 10 470 0, 1275% 5 5 12 25, 3, 1(120 --, 2 40, 3 30, 3 48, 4 40, 5 40, 6 . 7 , Sundays 7 35, 7 40, 84., 456,60, 7 47, 9 45. 1020, es-a 4 45, 5 45. 7 10,10 40, 1 15, 3 18, 4 21,4 40.. 5 40, 7 17, ,4 „ Sundays 8 43, 50,6 0, 7 47. a Mondays only. 2 40a.lnburgh--2 40, 520, 9 55,11 40, 1223, 2 32, 3 48. Sundays, 7Piddler's Perry & Penk,-th -7 38, 825. 9 45, 11 48, 1 29 driayb,2'o3,ll2yo.. 4 3J, u 15, 8 0, 9 8. Sundays 5 48, 2 40, 7 50. aSatur 1 115:t°,. n (Cheshire Line..)-7 12, 7 58, 90, 95, 1040, 12 0, tis,' ''',,'. 46, 5 29, 6 10. 570, 30, c 9 30, 510 15, 11 39. Sun- -11 25, 232 75, 9 18. 10 10. dSaturdays eepia.a.6`tillia 5 minutes later on Saturdays. cSaturdays ex- Olas 2 •70. 2Gw-2 40, 520, 9 55, 1140, 12 23. 2 32,3 48. Sundays Golso 25,5,Th nie-5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 10 40, 12 23, 1 15, 3 48, 5 40, 7 17. sut,days 843,60, Green-7 12,7 56, 90, 95, a 9 25, 10 40, 12 0, 1 15, 25. 2le 2d. 6 10. 653, 170, 80, raci 15. Sundays 90, 11 25, 2 32, 011 sattlt,,°_riclays and Saturdays only. Minna 5 minutes later Ida, "31i. 4a,__ _ and Cadishead- 6 57, 755, 821. 2 85, Sun- -7.1 3 12, 5 15, 7 15, 931.7 0, 9 15. orn Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22. 80,90, 9. 6.8_, 12 38, 1 16, 2 33, 350. 415,518.613.78, a 7 45. livtiuudays 80, 3 8, 818, aSaturdays only. 12 7 1e.r1i...0t (L. & N.NV -.)-5 25. 5 45, 7 10, 8 20,8 35, 10 5, 10 35_, a 2,a. io 2 40, 4 40, 6 10, 78, 10 20. Suni..ys 5 20, 7 35, 8 43, Ll'74 66, 60, 9 42. 945, From High Level Platform. _ .1i 28 ""el ()'roal Low Level Platform)-7 38, 8 25, 9 45, 4,,4, 8 11484 1 29, al 52, 3 20, 4 30, 512, 515, 80, 98. Sun- i'.l7lB, 2 40, 7 50. aSaturdays only. 838, 011,4)01 (utiesh,re Lines)-0429, 5 30, b 3 .1 25, 7 12, _7_ 5 3_,, 12 57 %8 0.95, 9 50, lt. 24, 10 .35,10 40,10 50, 11 50, 12 0, 12 50 6184 h 5'00,1. sj, 2 5. 2 50, 3 32, 350,40, 450, 529. 5 50, 6 10, 09 7 50, 80, 850, 95, 918, 10 10, 10 45, 11539_. 10 10N',.! 4, 30, 5 30. 90, 9 55, 1125, 220. 232. 75, 8 30, 118, Loark ...3. aliacept on .aye. bidondays only. ail, 6 n (L.& N :NV .) -a2 57, 83 23.7 30. 9 50, 10 45, 12 1, 2 11, Ikea ". 11 35. Sundays 2 57,10 15,4 40,11 35. allondays Lotted. bm en days only. Sum cl°o (Hidland)-3 -11' 9 59. 12 56, 50' 5 55' 11 53. 7 22, 8 0, 9 0. 9 58, 10 49. 10 54, 12 33, 1 16, 2 31, 613, 74, a 7 45, 98. Nundays 850, 38, 813. .Y. From Arol y Station 1040 78 ester Biin4„ . la. 1 (5,2, L'lON.-w.)-2 45, a 4 46, 5 45' 7 10, 320.421.440, 5 4U, 6 2, 7 17.8 33. 8 25.109 2109, Pro )82 45,7 40 . 8 43, 50, 60, '7 47 858. aMondays only. ~414 Itigh Level Plat nil 0 01 nehester (Prom 1.,,;W Level P'atform)-7 20, 7 55, 8 57, 215' 1 13. 235 345 610 7 5 9 5 11 40 Sundays 846,35. -8 18/1.1 a ', - '-'0 'er (Cheshil e Lines)-6 57, 755, 8 21, 8 55, .9_9, 55. 11 25, 11 55, 12 55, 1 55, 2 25, 2 55. 3 55, f.i. _o9,' 2 37, 14:„7 0, 7 55. 8 12, 5 55, 9 15, 9 55, 1148. Sundays 8 Dn. !diddle". 3 5, 3 i 2, 5 15, 7 15, 8 55, 9 17, 9 31. 10 O. w,;eitl-7 35, 10 45, 2 35. 5 35, 7 28. . 35, 1 42, 2 35, 535, 7 . Sundays 10 15. 101.5-rmle-Wlilows-2 45, a 23 4 45, 5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 9 19, 640, '4`25,° 40, 12 18, 12 23, 115,240, 3 20, 3 30, 3 48, 4 21, 4 40, 143' a is' 7 17' 633, 855, 1015 1020. Sundays 245, 740, 8 pm_-. 560 , 60, 7 47, 858, 9 45, aillondays only. _ 3 __6e.1571:1e- 10 27, 12 27, 2 25, 527, 70, '. Pe .""43.8 8 56, 10 17, 3 50, 5 is, 931. 1.(14"---2 40. 5 20. 5 45, 8 35 9 55, 11 40, 12 23. 2 325 3 48, 'Nu 7, 8 47, 10 15. Sundays .2 40, 843, 335,60, 9 4 . 20, 9 ncur"-7 38, 8 25, 10 28, 11 43, 1 29' 320, 512 ' 6 15, , 6t, 77 , . k :(--"ierui-5 25, 710, 820 835. 105. 1035. 127. 115. 84. ' -42. 4 40. 6 10, 7 B, 8 55, I'o 20. Sundays 735. 8 43, 4 56, 9 45. Thai 7 22, 80, 9 0, 9 58, 10 49, 10 54, 12 38, 1 16, 15, 529, 613, 78, di 45, 98. Sundays 553, wL.I7. aSa,urdays only. From Arpley Station. ifl 52 " (1-'• & N.-W 0-7 38, 8 25, 9 45, 10 28, 11 48 , 1 29, 50 4s .a zo . a zo (Asada .• , 5 12, 6 15, au 0, 98. Sundays 848 ,2 40, 7 Vii,i 3a only, 26 2 nes (Cheshire Lines) -7 56, 95, 100, 10 40, 12 0, 1 15, 61i. 58, 40, 5 29, 6 10, 70, a 930. 5 unday s 90, 940, 232. Wt 282,14i-2 40, 5 20, 5 45.7 10.8 35, 955, 11 40, 12 23, 115, 40,6 O. 9 629, 7 17, ,847 8 . 3 35, 55, 105. Sundays 2 40, cl 8 43,45.

mA N_ ao How Lost! How Regained I Invaluable Remarks for Young and Middle- Aged Men. THE 4054 OF.' . e KNOW THYSELF. „., 4.•,- • _ Or SELF-PRESERVATION. A little work in brief con NERVOUS and PHYSICAL DEBILITY, ERBoRS off YOUTH, EXHAUSTED VITALITY, PREMATURE DE— CLINE, and all ACQUIRED DISEASES, and WEAL— MISSES OP MAN, their CAUSE Sil4 CUE FIVE MINUTES spent in the perusal of this little book with teach the reader more than five days spent in any book written on this subject, because the books written on this subject are so full of mystery, what with Latin phrases and fancy words, that it is impossible for anyone to make any sense of them, excepting those who have had really a clue education; and they are but little understood by any, excepting the persons who wrote them. This little work will be found brief, precise & void of unnecessary reading,and will meet fully with the requirements of the times inasmuch as it is extracted FooLs = fb „,me PARADISE W SHOULD READ IT. If there is no cause for treatment it should prove a safeguard to the inexperienced and instructive to the WISE; consequently IT CONCERNS YOU and übn, der COVER and SEALED, for Three Penny Stamps. Address—GOTJLD'S LABORATORY, Bradford, Yorkshire, ADVICE FREE BY LES r ER. ADVS. COPYRIGHT

t•-: I+3 03 al rgi 03 :-23 ria .4 E-4 co x

£7 CUSHION. eeB 108. PNEUMATIC TYRES. LATEST PATTERN. • Every Machine GUARANTEED. Nustrated Lists Free. • V, M. HAYNES SMITH, 7, Strathallan Terrace, Dowanhill, GLASGOW,

Have you Corns? ALLCOCK'S CORN PLASTERS will afford instant relief—but get AL.XAXAOOOIC'N.

• ASTHMA AND BRONCHITIS CURED. THOUSANDS TESTIFY. THE RIGHT HON. THE EARL OF SHANNON \ writes: —'' Your remedy instantly relieves and cures Asthma and Bronchitis. I have re,ommerided it to people in England as "sps. well as over here." DR. LAWTON, M.D., Middleton, writes:—" I have had repeated opportunities of seeing the action of Mr. Vaughan's prepdration f.,r Asthma and Bronchitis. I can bear testimony to its great value as a curative agent. I would strongly re- commend it to any person suffering from Asthmatic RI/tlO- - LAWTON, M.D." For particulars write- -1). VAUGHAN. LANGFORD TERRACE. CORK. IRELAND.

R'STAIILISHED 1£.51. BIRKBECK BANK, Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, London. TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed on DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, on the minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lOO. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purchased aad told SAVINGS DEPARTMENT. For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small sums on deposit, and allows Interest roontWy on each completed LI. BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD I AND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR PETE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars, post free FRANCIS IIdkVENSCROFT. Manager.

tßags NEW EARRISON SWIFT GOLD MEDAL . f„ 00 1.61 KNITTER :le ~., KNITs B,t-°cldn„,,,",.!iing llOth ;a trO WM dl, , or Cotton. -4 P. lit Lista NI. per Poet, TRIUMPHANT A WATtnat PA KIS. The ouly WINNER In the WORLD of , 5 Ovid Met/Ale. Mee etakeretof the SUN scomleAs Stockotg 110.ber Dranch Office, 77, °Afoot, Sr., lANDAY.—Tse HAR1...14 KNITM4 ilu.nal Co. WoLL% 411, LILTED. .11/:001i. ST.. MANCHA:SIM

EGRATEFUL PPS'S COMFORTING. BREARFAST OR SUPPER C 0 C 0 A BOILING WATER OR MILE

MANUFACTURERS OF IVITORATIVE ANr ART FURNITURE.

1,14 9 S. 11. Ft .JO --‘71..z:3L1Z11 CABINET MAKERS bUPHOLSTERERS wfflwjr *di" V.tiv BY PATENT MACHINERY.

FRANCIS MORTON AND COMPANY LIMITED, ' HAMILTON IRON WORKS, GARSTON, near Liverpool. Invite Inquiries and Reference to tileir NEW CATALOGUE.

THE LADIES, TRUE FRIEND! A BOON TO WOMAN-KIND II LAMES—read this, and you will obtain particulars or the most MIRACULOUS MEDICINE for all Irregularities and Obstructions ever introduced to the Public. You may have tried Pills, Powders, useless recipes and other advertised so.called remedies, and a// ia vain. THOUSANDS OF Females have been relieved,. Health restored, and DOCTORS' BILLS SAVED by this Medicine, which is the only veal and RELIABLE REMEDY of the Age. Perfectly harmless and WONDERFULLY EF-. FECTUAL. Stamped addressed envelope for I'rice List ainl copies of Testimonials, which are guaranteed genuine, under a Penalty of £l,OOO open to inspec- tion and investigation. This Remedy has been TRIED AND PROVED BY THOUSANDS. THE Ii:CEEST REWARD OF MERIT IS CONTINUED POPULARITY. . E . DASmAIL, Walthamstow. 1850 (Entered at Stationers' Hall).

A WONDERFUL MEDICINE. BEECHAM'S PILLS A RE universally admitted to be worth a Guinea LX a Box for Bilious and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fullness and Swelling after Meals, Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings of Heat, Lobo of Appetite, Shortness ot Breath, Costiveness, Scurvy and Blotches on the Skin, Go- turbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb- ling Sensations, &a. The first dose will give relief in twenty minutes. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try one Bosco) these Pills, and they will be acknowledged to be WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. For females of all ages these Pills are Invaluable, as a ew doses of them carry off all humours, and bring about all that is required. No femaie should be without them. There is no medicine to be found equal to Beechana's Pills for removing any obstruction or irregularity of the system. If taken ac- cording to the directions given wills each box, they will soon restore females of all ages to sound and robust health. This has been proved by thousands who have tried them, and found the benefits which are ensured by their mire. For a Weak Stomach, Impaired DigesCon, and all Disorders of the Liver. they act like magic, and a few doses will be found to work wonders on the most important organs in the human machine. They strengthen the whole muscular system, restore the long lost complexion, bring back the keen edge of appetite, and arouse into action with the rosebud of health the whole physical energy of the human frame. These are Fears testified continually by members of all classes of society, and one of the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debilitated Is, BEECHAM'S PILLS have the Laryest Sale of any Patent Medicine in the World. BEECHAM'S MAGIC COUGH PILLS. As a remedy for Coughs in general, Asthma, Bronchi. Affections, Hoarseness, Shortness of Breath, Tightness and Oppression of the Chest, Wheezing, Ac., these Pills stand un j rivalled. They are the best ever offered to the public, and will speedily remove that sense of oppression and difficulty of breathing which nightly deprive the patien of rest. Let any person give BEECHAM'S COUGH PILLS a trial, and the most violent Cough will In a short time be removed. Prepared only, and Sold Wholesale and Retail, by the Pro prietor, Thomas Beecham, St. Helens, Lancashire, in Boxes 91d., Is. 10. and 2s. 9d. each. Sold by all Druggists and Patent Medicine Dealers every where. directions are given v.ith each box.

FENCING AND GATE DEPARTMENT. F. M. & Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE & IRON FENCES, now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad, is being continually Improved upon to meet extended requirements, and complete informa- tion is supplied on application. RAIL! NGS FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, &C. ORNAMENTAL HIGH-CLASS GATES, TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, Ratisions, Villas &c. STRONG FIELD GATES, FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS, Sce. HURDLES NETTING AND AND TREE GUARDS. WIRE WORK. 01%TrrIlOTILT CYLT BAR IRON FENCING, Fitted with F. R. & co's Self-Locking Joint. LONDON OFFICE : 17, VICTORIA ST., Westminster, S.W.

TRADE --pere-R.-acmssa-vc.- - • - ONCE _ ' A 0 "CREMOID." , lir A &-rtAt .Mv - 0 - • A _ MARK. Is the most genuine preparation ever manufactured for Cat Rearing. ANALYST'S RRPORT. Feb. 28th. 1887. Society of Chemical Industry (Manchester Section). I have chemically and microscooically examined Messrs. Crosby and Sons"' Cremoid " Calf Meal. I find It to contain albumininous subst,nees which are necessary to build np the tissues of the animal system. The Meal also contains a considerabic amount ot oil, with carbq-hydrates, which tend to the production of fat. Nearly one-h lf of the ash is made up of phosphate of lime (thi, I need not say. is one of the chief constituents of bones.) From the examina- tion of this Meal. I eonsider it an admirable food for the fattening if calves, as the Meal contains all the elements for the building up ot the flesh and bones of the animal body. (Signed.) J, CARTER BELL, A.R.S.M., F.I.C. County Analyst. PRICE 18s. PER CWT. e..1-CWT LOTS, 1. 68. 6D. Carriage paid to any Station. CROSBY AND SONS, CORN MILL. RUNCORN.

JU NO CYCLES. yEa.ltri73EST, ILLUSTRATED LISTS POST FREE. . ~,,,,,.., . , .., Join 0.0., Front .EASY :,..i.HE-r- Driver and improved TERMS ..-.--:. . _ Lin , light roadster,long Base '' Urin; !`.!deties. Julio La ly's A, , Safety and, Yonitb's , e* hdety. JiTho fol, InE Tricycle passiees 28in. Cush- ', ion, and Solid Tyres. ‘stiMi;7,.,Z,ti • 1,3:11, 50 pat terns. E 8 ta £3 t. • -' - - Second-hand Machines GASH .01s 'lnf.& CARRIAGE PAID in immense variety. Repairs. Rbtimates Free. METROPOLITAN MACHINISTS' CO., LTD. 75 and 76. Bishopsgate Without London, E.C. N.B.—Every JUNO guaranteed.

" in THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE." FAmta - WORLD .11% OCirg (VAL 0 I I _ L 000" PUR I FIER • AND•RESTORETR is warranted to cleanse the blood fro in all impurities, from whatever cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds. its effects are marvellous. It is the only real specific for Geut and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials . In bottles 2s. 9d. and lis, each, of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132, stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND 'MIDLAND COUNTIES • DRUG COMPANY, LINCOLN. BEWARE OP WORTHLESS 1211TA.TIONS..

• IF.:rou 4'l\ polo-Err Friaxs

• , •M SS• D 071 J 6 L E - ES IT VAT RIG 141 I

CHANCELLOR'S PLATE POWDER. "Saves an immense amount of time and labour, and gives a brighler polish than anythiltig else. There is no preparation Of which we know to equal itirexcellenee."—ENQuinz WITHIN. SNMpIeS of the above Four articles post free for 8 stamps, or of any One for 2 stamps (to cover postage). Natne this Paper. Ask your Grocer to get then for you. C. CHANCELLOR & CO., LONDON, E.G. TRY IMEIENE A, AND SIEIE.

" •+ i * ..: a' ,:. -z.21:31A=3"-- \ .15.;,: h,-• *IA k,',i4,, ‘l4.st ' .),,i2 I.d vitr'`,44-A, 'ltto,,A4, ', it .4 v, a ~...,=,..,-...1,1- --sett,, --10-7-_,,.,,,,,;,--4,.i._-,2,..4,,URAA "4-• .th:--t,i,klaPT347,7*-7-12z08,..... El 0 N tr' TO DE CIVEN DURING 1P393 TO • 6 4 ALL- SiSCRS OF VENUS SOAP. Full Particulars Ott each Wrapper. • For I'2o Wrappers. Timepiece No., fin. Dial will be sent. Picture of the Statue For 200 Wrappers, TIZSOPIO.IB No. 2, sin. Dial will be sent. 'VENUS DE HILO,. Size pi by 4in , mounted. For 350 Wrappers, minzeplece N 0.3, gin. Dial will be sent. v,ILL BR SENT 'maw. ADDRESS For 400 Wrappers, a Gentleman's I Handsome I will be sent. For 25 Wrappers, and For 533 lllirapperc, a Ls.dy'S licylacs Watch will be sent. Is OF sWraPirrn

, Y'S PILLS & OINTMENT Are acknowledged by all to be The Best Medicines for Family Use. ONLY AT 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON. And Sold by all ilctic l'ou/ors th,ou9ltout the World. Advice Gratis, at the Auve daily, betwecn tilt: hours 11 and 4, or by letter.

E LISH Lig - ENx IRISH CAMBRIC mo POCK ET ih irogittiCHlEFS Guaranteed all pure flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hethstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN COLLARS. Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars, 5/8 per dozen ; made special to pattern, 878 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9. 4/9, 5/9, and 8/9 each FISH NAPKINS, 2/8 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/8 and 5/8 per dozen. IRISH .DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yards square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 40. per yard. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yard SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS FO.ll SUM, MER AND F, EVEN IN G WEAR. IRISH.TWEED, aallndPz3lWe.oorli Unsease tiliyrpiasf sroerd for sLaditesre, nog; Gh,enDtusra, Patterns Free by Return of Post. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. R 1 FIUTTON & CON, LARNE, BELFAST.

• . ---•.,, _..7.----!, .. / / I , \ 2Pr rTT4- --tre,1,147-0,41-11)v ,77 • .1.,-7. pL----INF-'''''..-- _Ol 16 II I.licri. ; --Trip-TI tr, ry(.11."1.',1\ 1 ci .) et ~opits. - - oak Al •411. ~i) •- , 1 ~. ~- „7- f• 1\ A 1 i.") 7, ' .9 • ....1... \ I 1.:). \ ',.€ li A e.c ~ . :,... , • ~--,,,,,--.-41,, ' Ic,-, ,• . ' it, - ... fs,e-A • e `/•-• p ,P. ;7, , r-i • ' , ,--k . °II • •'; --- ~, 44--N-4- .t -:,' 7 ry .1/4e):4 ' __.: :_-_-:....• 1 1 %' • ,i .-- 4,,i•Axot„,ts,., --•---7„1._. c,..,„ us, w•-,,.... „.. . e, - --" P.- -, 4-) / , ~_,/ , , t,,, (it', fr ,y:,\ •.,‘,\‘. xi fitt toil..c.hillt.osN wv..04 • '\,, • A - ',oh \ ..,.,*.eq,..„6"; 1 _fr____ • i I^7 ..3,' ''' eV- ''• ~... ~. = tOttOpe --... .- -, .1 •, ) .....4-_-_--- . ' , :...---,...-e . -- i 7 ~.: ~..„. „ •_..,_ ~ i ~..... ...„ ,k .., . ":" ......., '4. • i 7": e ! ! .... . . i___ _ • 4 • • ' .• • i : .......•".‘ , - ' ...y,„ -••- . . -"--- • r t '1 ' • ...-' • . - ".•..7.4...; i - . -.- _____ _ Ail ........_So •, . ,1/4.,,,5, o‘. al • 14111411,awas „.-- •41* ..,..(' *CO NA; • ----------•jt"'...f. c„,,,51 „or of. ELLIMAN'S UNIVERSAL EMBROCATION, is. lid. 86_2s. 9d. ,t VENOyA TEA _7,s ‘\ ,---,,,,-- ,*, 11,----- o'\ v, 1/8,2/ Supreme in Quality, • ,c..i41,,....\ ' & 2/4 Unique in Flavour. .-„ 0 ..4,. ~ -, , - .... ~...4, - PK 11/' 4.4 - ;-- -- ~`q,\' ..-„„,.."'",,,, -- \ • meric_, „. --,.-0,,,, , \,, ,--- •,,,---,_.-,- ,J k- ~,---z-,-----; ,:, , \•'• ' r- ' :, •\ -, 4,..,/--, _•,.- • - _te:,?,_„.,y---> I‘\ 1/4,\\ ----- 4,r- ~,'....--„,, ,•\,' -----: -A_ , \,,' -_,------- --'•\s"'k•; ...._,..---.. * ------ ,-,:-;,,_ \ \\A - \- ~ \ \‘‘ \ itrfrrr • ' • -/;:..=-:--' =4:- --C,l' '-1":„...,...,„/ rj4„ ,a ..\ I \N• ' 44 d"-,,P.k. ' 4.0 v, \ , ,• # ~.., ~,_ _ .\-,-.. ,_.,,A,, - ___, , _ . 0, \ ~ • od by , \ \ t• / Sl \ \ \f. t - ' the leading \\ i ,;t! 4),/, C 4) ~.c. • ':.:: ' -4 A Rest for the end, 44,. , ~,,i,„ ,; c , ~..,,,, , . aßocza \ -,/,/,•/„,.- c ----lA,- --*': A Joy --- thstriet \ - - Ul TM 4 NI PACCETIL . ,

A 0003 FAMILY ° 9 WITII a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and " reduced to a more simple form. Take some good compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIMIS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious com- partments, and enchanted bottles with crystal atoppers. Others might be used, but , COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes se well, may be set down as the best.—Obso ver. cocKLES FREE FROM MERCURY. ANTIBILIOUS 01 PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. • FOR BILE. LIVER, ACIDITv INDIGESTION, &cc,

.... r. 'man' SOOTHING POWDERS, F'6)R CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN JSE OVER FIFTY YEARS.

JOHN STEEDMAN, CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY." is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

---___-z---____---- TIIE AIANCIIILSTBIt i, rr AILORING & CLOTHISa -3-'lOl4, a' titilo NO 8 &10, 11012S13XIATIKV-ST., WA17,4 ,if all v pl ARID SHOWING- the LAEOEST EANCiI"' -13,44,t'71AC' MAKES el CLOTIIS for 3tOilif NINO floP, WOrSTED- " . , bbliGlii, VIENN,v,,,J,AgAZ4[IIII4%OS. 3 UPti } at shortno‘tice Welt t MiAoartini(l aEtl:ltdAti?Ctiriljoi'lltlilill'so."r":'itilli3al°4'l" EN ‘E"Di'v4V.3.4 , ritV'e.:l, 3 Vi°:ttle,;o ' ..31... . .e.'-,it ;91')VP'
