===== 0002601_18931209_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
g held 's (11l 111 +. Dr. ega66l Orti°s4o. T. v; gr. wlear Rae ,e I,sod ;511V, thi'' tDertv led °P 133fild 10401 • kiag, ,ut 91,0 r • the te ,11-0;04 s fr°lll tei th svo D,ef tioleed 4il r Or A tit; °c• 0 ;hl'wo e sv„if, n le4-1 00, g g. 4,11 • 4 goV, d, )rs. 0.0 a. ; P P'o4 Pot, :Poo Isk Vgeli oleos 4 ,A 0 itt )14 ot '3'oo tt!..o 10%0 fo;it Ittt t tireri 011 0,69 f,v 01 104,11' OrAi 110" $ll roo,li 1)1 so' itAs;

===== 0002601_18931209_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
sr' 001' ,4

===== 0002601_18931209_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
$l, 104

' Ben the most Fragrant and Refreshing Tea. IItIORE AND SAMPLES POST PE.

St' to'

ONLY ADDELESt3 : BIEHR-LANN, LONDON, N.C.

c .111 " LONDON TEA COMPANY,

A PLEASANT AND PROFITABLE PASTIME FOR 'WINTER EVENINGS. AN EASY COMPETITION. £5O IN PRIZES

_ For the best Copies of Examples in HOLLOWAY'S NATIONAL DRAWING 1300 K. THE PROPRIETOR OF HOLLOWAY'S PILLS AND OINTMENT. Offers the al ove suns as Prizes in a Simple and Interesting CompAition. For full particulars see this week's " CHRISTIAN GLOBE," g " SPARS MOMENTS," or " LONDON JOURNAL," obtain- Ahlefrom any Newsagent or Railway Bookstall.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
GEDDES'S DANDELION C Ok'F EE

gAipping gottreo.

EM IGRATION. TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD. Intending emigrants to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, Ban Fransisco, Canada, China, Japan, Australia, or New Zealand, should take tickets (lowest rates) Attila "Examiner" Office, Warrington, by GUION. AMERICAN, AUSTRA- LIAN, ORIENTAL, and other lines. _

JOHN WALKER, .AGENT. "EXAMINER" OFFICE

BRWSBY•ST.. WARRING TON.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_ _ _ .

--- •

,

===== 0002601_18931209_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
Zirprito, fsagEinitttelf, C.

THE OLD-ESTABLISHED BASSINETTE WAREHOUSE. Beware of spurious imitations. The best and cheapest Carriages in the town or district. (No connection with any other firm of the same name-) NVASHTON, 74, Sankey-sr., Warrington, mann- • facturer of Bath Chairs, BAssinettes. Rustic Carti• ages,&c , of the beat materials and wc.rkmanship, on the 'Remises, under personal supervision. Well-finished Bassinettes from 255., warranted to run straight. Mall Carts, Tricycle Horses, Doll Crrriages, Agent for Sewing Machines, Wringing and Washing Machines WORKS:—BEAMOIsT-STREET.

i)ottl6.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL,

34 To 40, LUDGATE HILL. HOME COMFORTS. CLRANLINRSS AND QUIRT. Central for butifiees or Fleaanre•

vrANDOLIN, GUITAR, ZITHER, and BANJO, in taught ky PROFESSOR ENNIS and SENORA RANDA..—Address Victoria Chambers. Widnes.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
lIAVR YOU lIAD A DRINK OP VIM FAMOUS

"TEW-ITT" STOUT

T O-D AY ?

IF NOT. TRY IT.

ADDRESS--

RICHARD FORSLIAW

COLLINS GREEN BREWERYi

NEWTON-LH-WILLOWS.

JAS. M. GREENHALGII,

CABINET MAKER, UPHOLSTERER, AND

DECORATOR.

SHOWROOM: 48, SANKRY-STLR3T.

WORKSHOP: KING-STREET.

WARRINGTON.

• II PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT CO. UNDER TEE CLOCK. 118, BRIDGE-STREET. WARRINGTON. LADIES' GAITERS. LADIES' OVER SHOES. LADIES' EVENING sumo. LADIES' SLIPPERS IN GREAT VARIETY. GIRLS' EVENING SHOES. GENTLEMEN'S GAITERS. GENTLEMEN'S LEGGINGS. GENTLEMEN'S DRESS SIIOES. BOYS' DRESS SHOES. BOYS' LEGGINGS. THREE GOLD MEDALS AWARDED. UNDER IHE CLOCK.

TUCK AND CO., Limited.

INDIA RUBBER & PURR ASBF.STOS GOODS. LEATIIER BELTING. Guaranteed quality.

Lace. Thread, or Copper Sown. or

CEMENTED ONLY. BONA FIDB jtANUFAOTURBRS. 42, Chapel Street, Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester. London, Cardiff, Newport, and Dublin, LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
TUB

WONDERFUL ELECTRIC PLASTER: GENERATES ELECTRICITY, STRENGTHENS THE NERVAAI. IMP RIN NEW LITE FORCE. GTVE4 Surroßr AND PROTECTION TO WEAN PARTS. BEST OUTWARD APLICATION FOR RELIEVING PAIN.

Sold by chemlits,..to , at Is. Ifd and 2s. 9d. or Post Free from ELECTRO-MAGNi. TIC MEDICAL PLATER CO., LTD., 101. PICCADILLY. MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
igublitationo.

44 HOW TO I'aV,URE IIEALTII."—A medical work giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of Fill kinds of Debility ; p 0,4 free. two stamps.—Address Dr. BARNES, 48. Lonsdale Square, Barnsbury, London, N.

AT IN WHO ARE WEAK should read the best and IVI most valuable work on ATROPHY and VARICOCBLB. by M.D.. Ch.M., with special chapters on the explanation of vital secrets and the Certain CURE of PI nSTRATION, DEBILITY and DECAY. The purest guide in essential matters. Post Free. 2d.—Address "SURGEON," Coptord Lodge. Brighton Sussex.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
14'REF: TO MEN.

When you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you nogood, but only ruin tour digestive organs, write to me and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN care for lost strength. wasting weaknesa. Ac., from whatever cansearising. NO STOMAC II MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Sent in envolope on receipt of two stamps for postage. —A. J. LEIGH, 92-93, Great Russell-street, London, W.C,

APHAEL'S ALMANAC FOR 1894.

It tellothe farmer when to sow his crops and buy and sell his cattle and farm prodi.zet,

It tells the gardener when to sow, plant, transplant, prune. or do anything else. It tells the young men when to court end marry. It tells the uiwinpluyed the exact days and Wars to seek work with success.

I t tells when tweet fowl s, t ravelsemove,ask favours,deal with others, buy, sell, sign contracts, speculate, hire servants, &c. It contains Birthday Information for every day of the year, also the Fate of any C•dld born during 1894. Numerous useful Tables. Legal and Commercial Notices. The Fate of Kings, *Nations and IndivlduAls Vivisection. Theosophy. Burned at th- stake. The Slyqfery of Death. Cruelty to Children, &c. Price 6cl. post free 74. FOULSKAM, 4, Pilgrim-at., Ludgato 11111, R.C.—LOWE A'II',LAITHWIITE. Wallington, end all Stationeis.

HOME MADE MARMALADE:

A DELICACY IN EVVItY HOUSEHOLD.

COLLINGE'S SEVILLE ORANGE MARMALADE

SOLD BY ALL GROCRBS.-WORBS BARLBSTOWN.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS. 1

"CAPITAL" CHAT.

Sir John Everett Millais's first attempt at DIGNITY is a good thing, but if you're in the rear portrait-painting was a picture of Charles Reade. of a big crowd and wish to see the procession, don't Ruskin, whose opinion he asked as to its merits, stand on it. Get on a barrel. said that it was not a failure, but a fiasco, and in ‘VIDOW, with family, to her husband, a widower his anger kicked a hole through it, which, by the with family. "John, John! Ido declare, there way, is still to be seen. are my children and your children fighting our children." The Prince of Wales dislikes toastmasters, and A MISSOURIAN died the other day from having he has more than once dispensed with their ser- gorged himself with veal and hard cider. He was vices. His Royal Highness does not care either a member of seven societies, all of which have for long" menus or long speeches at public din- passedthecustomary resolutions throwing the entire ners, and although banquets which he attends blame for his removal on Divine Providence. usually begin an hour later than usual, they are TEACHER : " Who was the richest man of an. sometimes over an hour earlier than is commonly eient times?" Freddy Fangle " Meshuselah, the case. ma'am." "What ?" " Yes; he had more time , than any one else, and time is money, you know." , THE Fiji Islanders are far from illiterate. Some of thein read Homer. And some of them would devour an author as well as his books if they got a chance. Paoresson (looking at his watch) : "As we have got a few minutes I shall be glad to anawdr any question that any one may wish to ask." Student: • What time is it, please?" Munoz "What a paradox woman is !" Wickwire : "You don't say I" M udge : "Consider her foot, for instance. The larger it is, the less it appears." IMAGINE the torturing hesitation of the average small boy trying to decide whether he would rather go to a real circus or see his little brother get a licking. IN Tem Motu:ma. —Miss May's Cousin: "What Is th matter with your face, May ?" Miss May (on whom Mr. G. had called the evening before): "Oh, Mr. George was too busy to gat shaved yes- terday." TEACHER OF PITYSIOLOGY.—" What "ingredient which is highly essential in the composition of the human body does sugar possess?" Pupils (in one voice) : "Sand." A GRISAT SPACE.—Marie: "I really believe that Mr. Silliry is out of his mind.' Jane: " Well, all I have to say is that if he is, he has an exceedingly extensive territory to wander around in." ?—" Half a million, about, was what he got. But it didn't do him much good. He turned it nearly all over to his lawyers—" "And they paid it back to the hank, of course?" "Eli?" HE WANTED SFRING.—" Have you any spring here in New York ?" asked a Southern gentleman of a New York landlady.—" Oh, yes, we have spring now."—" Well, if you know where it can be obtained, I wish you would get a little of it and put it in my bed." "So he praised my singing, did ha?" "Yes, he said it was heavenly.' "Did he really say: that?' "Well, not exactly, but he probably meant that. He said it was unearthly." MAKING lIIRSELF NECESS4RY.—PuZZIO(I pro- prietor : These nooks are about as intelligible as a Chinese puzzle. What do you mean by such work, sir? Bookkeeper: I mean to hold my job another year. IsTurrioe.— Fangle "What sort of a dress was that Mrs. Snooper wore to night ?' Mrs. Fa.ngle " Demi train." "That's precisely what Cameo said when he trod on it, but how did he know its name!' SLIGHTLY.:--" I never withhold anything from my wife. Itell her every night all that I have done during the day."—" And do you tell her every day what you have done during the night ?" " Well, that's different." "A GOOD memory is a blessing," says a writer, and it may be remarked that it is one that wealth cannot buy. Just look at the man who became suddenly rich de cannot even remember the faces of his old friends.

A. Conan Doyle, whose father was an artist, was born in Edinburgh in 1859. He began to write at the early age of seventeen, while studying medi- cine. He wrote about sixty short stories in the ten years before be became known through his widely- lead "Sherlock Holmes" 'tales, and he has since given to the reading world such sustained efforts es" The White Company " " Micah Clarke," "The ifiefugees," and "The Great Shadow." Conan Doyle is a close student of old romances, a great admirer of Scott and Fennimore Cooper, and as lecturer on George Meredith. whom he places at the head of contemporary novel writers.

There is a story going the rounds just now(a New- I castle contemporary says) which is causing much amusement in certain colliery districts. The late manager of the Newbottle Co-operative Stores, who has absconded with nearly ten thousand pounds of , the society's money, took no little interest in re- ligious matters, and was a local preacher. Preach- ing on the last occasion but two it is said he appro- priately chose as the subject of his discourse the following words :—" A little while and ye shall not see Me." On the nest occasion he based his re- marks on the text, "Ye shall seek Me and shall not I find Me." His concluding discourse was founded on the passage', "The time of my departure is at hand.' Since then many of tits hearers have found out the literal truthfulness of the words selected.

There is now no question that if the House of I Lords take the extreme view of the contracting- out question they will be warmly backed up by Mr. Chamberlain and his immediate friends. I under- stand that Mr. Chamberlain has personally ex- pressed the opinion that Mr. M'Laren's amendment did not go lar enough and as there is no doubt that Lord Salisbury is acting in this matter in consulta- tion with the Unionist leaders in the House of Commons, we may look for an attitude of no corn- promise. There is a rumour, however, which I give tor what it is worth, that the Duke of Devonshire is personally by no means disposed to an extreme view, although be may allow himself to be swayed in this matter, as in so many others, by the feelings of the other political leaders with whom he is act- ing ht concert.

A Cf.mvsa WOMAN.—Hyde : "Mrs, Campaner is a good housekeeper. She has a large family, and they are not rich, but she manages to husband her resources very cleverly." Barker : "She has also managed to husband four of her seven daugh- ters." Bus WOULD ENDURE lllAL—Yortng Mr. Bunn: "May I call upon you, Miss Munn?" Miss Munn : "Oh, yes, Mr. Bunn. I suppose we really ought to mortify ourselves somewhat during Lent."

A movement is afoot to stop the interference with the old woods and fragments of old woods of the New Forest, and with what are known as the King William 111. Woods. The old woods are only 4.600 Jinxes out of a total acreage of more than 60,000. The modern plantations are about 17,000 acres. In the older woods more than 2,000 trees have been cut during seven years under the excuse of fuel rights. There has also been interference with the young growth, and in many instances new and fanciful varieties which are not indigenous to the forest have been introduced. These particular woods, it must be remembered, are almost the only if not the only examples in this country of old woodland that has grown naturally and has remained in its natural condition. They are full of historic memories, and they are full of beauty. It is hoped that ucli arrangements will be made as regards fuel rights that there will be no excuse for cutting a single tree in the old woods again.

ALIGHT LASll.—Dumley : Were you ever cow- hided by a woman, Smiley ? - Smiley : Not exactly; but I've had a gill lay a lash on my *Moulder.— Dumley : That Billet have been dis.greeable ex- perienoe.—Smiley : Well, I don't know about thee. You see the lash was her eye lash. WIIAT ObIAN ALWAYS FORG ETS. —Mrs. Birdof (in her new dress) : " Well, what do you think of me now?" .Mr. Birdof: "Humph 1 You're as proud el a a peacock.' Mrs. Birdof "Why shouldn't Ibe ?' Mr. Birdof : "Why, you should! Your feathers are gorgeous, but your shoes aren't blacked 1" _ _ _

There is much dissatisfaction among the Labour members of the Labour Commission at the way in which the report is being compiled and submitted to them for approval. No regular discussion has yet been possible on the summary of the evidence prepared for the acceptance of the Commission, ' owing to the piecemeal manner in which it has been placed betnre them. One section after another ' has been placed before meetings of the Cimmission with only very brief notice, and has been declared to be passed although no opportunity of suitable discussion has been afforded. The fifth section of the summary of the evidence is to be discussed at the next meeting of the Commission, on Tuesday. The only notice the members have had of the terms ot this section was sent out on Saturday last, with an intimation that notice of any amendments to it were to he lodged before the following Tuesday. That is to say, the Secretary only allowed members two days in which to prepare amendments which he required a week to digest before placing them betore the Commission.

"How did you like the ruins of Pompeii, Mr. Joynson? " Mr. Joynaon (wee has just returned from a continental tour) : "Not very well, they are so dreadfully out of repair." WE don't hear so much of women eloping with their coachman as we once did." "No ; coachmen aren't the most intelligent class in the world, per- hope, but even they can learn after a time that they are getting the worst of it." A Los° SEARCH.—In the eountinforoom. The Senior Partner : "Keep things going, Torn; I'm off for a week or ten days." The Junior Partner: "Nothing wrong, I hope." The S. P. : "Nothing serious. But my wife writes me to get something out of a pocket in one of her dresses.' The J. P.: "Well r The S. P. : "But I've got to find the pocket first.' POOR PROSPECTS. —Master of House (to prowler) : " ‘Vhatdoyou wantprowling about these premises ?" Prowler: "Oh, nuttin in pertiokler, only I was going to propose for the hand of your daughter." Abater of House : "You vagabond. I haven't got any daughter 1" Prowler : "Haven't got any daughter? Well, this is the poorest layout I've struck yet." A COCN'TRY editor in New York tunes his lyre and bursts forth in song with the following result: ; the clothes press is a swell affoir for garments slice and neat; the hay press is a grand machine and does its work complete; the elder press is lovely, with its juices red and sweet, but the printing press controls the world and gets there .with both feet. Is the middle of one of Rev. Rowland Hill's sermons he was disturbed by a commotion in the gallery. He exclaimed " What's the matter there; the devil seems to have got among you?! A countryman replied; "It arn't he devil as is doing It, it's a lady wotre fainted." Hill replied beg the lady's pardon, and the devil's too." DR. RADCLIFFE, while dining at a convivial party, refused to leave it to attend to a pick woman. Her husband thereupon picked him up bodily, and, forcing him into a carriage, drove off with him. Tile doctor at first was enraged, but finally took it as a joke, and said "Now, you impudent dog, I'll be revenged on you, for I'lleure you wife." CAN. Tors ISE Torte:?—Miss Youngly "The men of the present day do not compare with those -ot ancient times. Nowadays no young man would swim across the Hellespont to see the object ot his aff-ctions as did Leander.' Mr. Synical : "You are quite right, but the reason is that there would be no necessity for it. Nowadays in a ease of 4hat kind the girl herself would ewiai across." A YOUTUFUL IDEA.—A South Side man took his little girl, just able to talk nicely, to the lake shore on Sunday afternoon. The waves were gently rippling on the beach, and when her father was not looking the child managed to get one foot wet. She ran to her father with tears in her eyes and sobbed: "Papa, lake step on baby's foot." A YOUNG man of Nantucket, becoming engaged recently, was desirous of presenting his intended with a ring, appropriately inscribed, but being at A 1031 What to have emiraved upon it, he ad:m.l-ms father for advice. " Well," said he, " put • When tLis you see, remember me.'" 'rile young lady was much surpriaed a few days afterwards to re- -ceive a beautiful ring with this inscription— ." When this you see, remember father." A Souitorooos Bestow( —Brown was mention- ing to his wife the old legend, based, no doubt, on Petes's eXploit, that every time a cock crows anew one tells a lie. "But how is it, then," asked • his doubting helymate, "that the roosters chiefly • orow very early in the morning when almost everybody's asleep?" "I don't know, .my dear, unless it is that at that hour most, of the big dailies go to presr "

This procedure is strongly resented by the Lab- our members and their supporters, and it is their intention to raise a protest next Tuesday against the attempt to " rush " the report through. The view taken of the evidence in the summary must necessarily be a forecast of the recommendations and form a basis for them. It is therefore of the utmost importance, if the recommendations are to faithfully represent the views of the Commission as a whole, that the fullest opportunity should be given for their discussion.

Seldom—perhaps never—has the United Kingdom Temperance Convention had so brilliant and suc- cessful a meeting as that which took place on Wed- nesday night in the Convent-garden Theatre. It may be, writes a London Correspondent, that the surroundings had something to do with the result. The interior of the famed Royal Opera House is in itself, when brilliantly illuminated by the electric light, as it was on Wednesday evening, an attrac- tive sight; but when floor, balconies, and galleries are filled with an interested audience, all the re- quirements necessary to make a success are pro- vided. Sir W. Lawson, who presided.is a recognised humorist, and he did not lower his reputation in that respect. For example, he made a casual refer- ence to Lord Randolph Churchill. The audience; laughed. "Why do you laugh?" asked Sir Wilfrid "I regard him as one of the wisest men of the day. I always call him Daniel. Don't you know that he speaks as one who has come from the lion's den?" —an allusion of a double meaning to Lord It. Churchill's presence with the Brewers' Association and to his experiences in Mashonaland, which was readily appreciated. and fittingly rewarded by a roar of laughter. But, apart from the jokes, Sir Wilfrid Lawson's speech was a very powerful argu- ment tor giving the control of the liquor traffic into the hae.ds of the people in the different localities, and in support of Sir W. Harcourt's " Liquor Traffic (Local Control) Bill." In conclusion, he said that the Government should deal with the matter before another twelve months were over, dnd so clear the way for a better, brighter, and happier future for our nation.

PAIN KILLER G-t a bottle to-day of PERRY DAVIS'S PAIN KILLER.

CARTE VS IITTLF IIVE3 Pll Small • Pill Small Dose Small Price Forty it Sngar Cou. _ Pure'./ Vegetable Cure Torpid Liver wit:unit Fall Chemists: his

Lady Henry Somerset was manifestly a "persona grata" with the audience, and her rising was the signal for a protracted and hearty outburst of cheer- ing. High principle and lofty sentiment were the characteristics of her speech, but its eloquence also fairly charmed the meeting. One burst of eloquence electrified the audience. Lady Henry Somerset had been pointing out what a great interest women had in this matter. Suddenly she exclaimed, "God save the people! And how does he save them? He saves them by placing in their hands the machinery of law, by which they can saye themselves." So impassioned was the delivery of this passage that every lung seemed to Jain in the great cheer that arose when it was finished. Mr. A. Birrell, M.P., the clever author of " °biter Dicta," seconded the resolution which her Ladyship moved, which re- joiced at the recognition by the Government of the magnitude of the evils arising from the traffic in intoxicants, and the importance of giving to the in- habitants of localities power by direct popular vote to prevent the continuance of the traffic in their midst against their will. Another resolution ex- pressed gratification at the introduction by the Chancellor of the Exchequer of the Liquer Traffic Local Control Bill, and urged the Government to place it in the forefront of their programme for next session. It is scarcely necessary to add that both resolutions were carried with enthusiasm.

tnts di*ectly on the seat of Pala Cares Coughs. %ramp and P. 4,1 tlttlnoStnlanch, Disrrhm,s, 4:;i2a 4;2. snie by all CherAstig ▪ and 9. AvOiti • 1 atiOn3 under Pll4lll KILLER

g..pc,117 cresi the progress ef decay-harden rhc gum sad oupart a • delightfol euri:Semaisn

CURED OTHERS. WILL CURE YOU Sufferers from Gravel, LumbAgo. Piles, Pains in the Back, Dropsf, Wind and Water Complaints. Diseases of Kidneys. Wadder, Urinary Organs, Stone, Gleet, Stria tore, SciaticA. Rheumatism, and Gout, will find a positive core in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box, and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Priee Is lid. Of all chemists, or post tree for 12 stamps from OLD- BOYD'S Medical Hall, Cleokheaton, Yorks. Don't be put off. If you cannot get them write to the Proprietor, and a box will be sent next post.—itirt.

_ _ •0 BEMIT FT. IF7 ;I r • G.:Isom:1 I.y t:'... IN.a..' 4. am of that rt..ti:rr ....1. aromatic mot h.. ~.2 FrAg-rant L'-'''.4. SOZOOOY Ca a 41a1 Coated which ..wll - art-

. ...444ti 1

===== 0002601_18931209_art0012.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
THE EXAMINER

===== 0002601_18931209_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER

MT DEAREST NELLIE,

Frocks for little people continue to be very quaint and pretty, while at the same time there is a good deal more variety in the style of make than has been the case for some time past. Very small children are, of course, still often seen in the long- popular amook dress, but many of the newest frocks have fu/1 bodices to which the skirt is sewn, or plain shortwaisted ones after the Dutch mode, while the older girls' dresses are often of the Prin. oease type, or are made with long full basques, although belted bodices are still vice fashionable. A useful costume for a girl of 11 or 12 is made of electric-blue serge, made a la Princesse, and having each seam piped with dark brown velvet, the skirt is edged with a narrow frill of velvet, and from the collar-band falls a pleated shoulder. cape of serge bound with velvet. A wide sash of shot brown and blue eurah encircles the waist, and is knotted at the left side with long ends, and the sleevcs have a large puff of serge at the top, the rest being of velvet.

A still more serviceable and equally stylish costume is of brown face-cloth; the skirt is trimmed with four double rows of narrow black braid pub on in waves, and the round-waisted bodice has full fronts, the fullness being arranged In small box-pleats, held down by three double rows of the waved braid, arranged at intervals between neck and waist. Titie belt and collar are of black velvet, and the sleeves of serge with braided cuffs. Another dress has a full bodice with a band round the waist, and it has a yoke and collar or corduroy velvet, and is trimmed with stripes of velvet. The shot moires of the present season need no word of commendation. These ex9nisite fabrics are manufactured in many and various combine. Lions, the most beautiful being, I consider, those of pearl and salmon and green and mauve. Other moires are shown, having their shiny surface be- decked with tiny satin spots. I say tiny, for these spots are not larger than a pin's head. Indeed, all the new patterns are small. The enormous designs on brocades, and, indeed, on all materials, have gone out, and are not likely to appear amongst us for several months to come. Basques are shown on many of the new bodices, but the shapes differ greatly, and it %ILI take some time for the fashion to settle down and for any particular style to become fashionable. One type of bazque is put on separately, and is generally of "the round type, cut to fit over the hips, and set in full pleats at the back. A very pleasing example of this fashion can be added to a full or a tight bodice, as it looks equally well with or without a belt. If the material is sufficiently wide, each half is cut entire, and the front portion is hollowed out in cape style, which brings the part over the hips on the bias, and ensures a close fit at the waist, while the edge sets out well without hang- ing in folds.

Stylish seems to be the most appropriate word by which to describe the new millinery. True, many of the new hat shapes are fiat and uninterest- ing looking, and when untrimmed have anything but a stylish appearanci, but the milliner's fingers quickly effect a compiSte transformation. The trimmings are arranged to stand high, and are fixed in front. A very stylish confection for a young lady is a large hat in the newest shades of felt, trimmed with ribbon and velvet mixed. It has also a bow and shades quills in front. As the season advances, the pelisse becomes every day more to be respected. A pelisse it should be, with either a fur cape or vest, a full skirt and a bait round the waist. With one of these and a short sealskin with a very full basque, you may consider your coat wardrobe complete for quite two months. I have met some delightful pelisses with vests and sleeves made entirely of fur, cloth capes outlining the vests and falling full to the waist at the back.

Every second person you meet wears a sable or its equivalent roend her neck, those of this year being disingashed from those of last year by their "headlessness," although you do here and there come across women who have failed to grasp the fact that it is not pretty to hang a complete corpse round their necks. A new short sable boas is corn- poed of two whole skim.. Fur is as fashionable a trimming for children's frocks and coats as for those of their elders, and very charming for girls over 10 are Ruesian blouse costumes of green or °ion ‘in on brown f ace•cloth, trimmed round skirt and deep full I aeque with brown fur, the wide belt being of veket, as are in many cases the sleeves. For indoor wear—indeed such a frock as this is soiliotty smart to wear at a quiet party—apretty drees has an accordion-kilted skirt of dark green vicuna, the full bodice is of shaded green vicuna, with green velvet belt and collar, and the upper part of the sleeves is com- posed of four frills, the three upper ones being of shaded vicuna, and the lowest of the plain kind, kilted to match the skirt. Yours lovingly, Jusras.

Mr. E. F. Benson, author of the now farnousnovel,l " Dodo," says that he prefers women to men as subjects for character drawing,and the reason he gives is because women are mpre complex and inconsistent than men. The minister of the parish of St. Cyru.,Vicotland, has the distribution of what is known as the " marriage money," being the interest of a sum left by a Mr. Orr, of Bridgeton, to the oldest, the youngest, the tallest,and the shortest woman, belonging to the parish, who may happen to get married in the parish church during the year.

...., ,e, -,.....- 1v.,) ), ../ l' \ill - ( .••• •.- •,• 2 \ 1 ' i ,_ \ , 7 ~, , ~ „ 4, \ , ... ,t......,_ .. „..„.,..., r' 44) ' 4 •'• _,

1 ..." 1 ~ -i' 41V 47. '''' App-tv, 4 '-':<•----; • 0 ~' .1 -•0, ' ' 1 - - - l '. ....., ~.(,

~tokrzia44, - ':.:-"•:,,- s\_:. . : .. s"'9V,tl,,e'r ,k :liimr,, 4, i i \ ' :`,/ i•. 0 YP , 0 ;, i'''' ,A, I •.,\ N, i, . i C1:)-

===== 0002601_18931209_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
SATE COAY, DECEMBER 9, 1893.

At a reception given last week by a well-known Broad Church clergyman (§p a London correspondent says), a lady of his family, attired in the stereotyped accordian pleated Lett". Lind skirts, performed " serpentine dances " and jigs for the entertainment of the guests. A famous novelist has been plunged into grief by the Ardlament tragedy. Ellen /slathers, the author of " Cherry Ripe," is a sister of Mrs. Hambrough, mother of the murdered man, to whom she was much attached. Miss Mather alters very little though she has grown rather deaf. She retains her fresh colouring and beau- tiful auburn hair. Sister Woodhull, says the New York " Recorder," is at her logic again. What an interesting family she is part and parcel of ! Her father called his daughters after the States Virginia and Tennessee, reserving Victoria for across the water visitations. It Mrs. Martin would give a biography, social, pelitical, financial, and personal, she could furnish a book which no student of human nature could afford to be without. Miss Annie Corless, who has just carried off the third prize at the Milan Conservatoire, is the first Irishwoman to achieve this distinction. Her success is the more creditable to the young contralto because the number of competitors was unusually large, and because for many years past the exhibition has been won by Italian stu- dents. Miss Corless, whose voice is of unusual sweet- ness, compass, and volume, is the daughter of Mr.Thos. Corless, of the Burlington Hotel, Dublin.

A Nice Dish for Supper. Boil a large teacupful of rice in a good quantity ft f boiling water, for just a quarter of an hour, strain it,and wash it well in cold water, strain it quite free fio,n the water, and leave to drain while you melt a large piece of dripping in a frying-pan. Fry a teaspoonful of parsley and one union chopped floe; if you have any pieces of meat or fish, put them into the frying pan to warm. Then slice in two tomatoes. When all these are boiling mix in the rice, stir all together until hot, and serve at once.

H E. 'S

PARTED BY FATE;

OR THE MYSTERY OF BLHK-TOR LIGHTHOUSE.

BY LAURA JEAN LIBBEY,

Author of "Lone, the Pride of the Mill," &e.,

CIIAPTER XIX.

life liereteoding the light in the tower that guideii the mariners on their way, and here I chat! spend the rest. I could never live away from the sight and bound of the great, restless sea." "You forget the duly we owe to our child," said Nella, softly. "Think what an isolated, lonely borne thia would to for Verlie to spend the best and brightest years of her young life in. The sound of the sea, which is music to you, is horrible in its monotony to her. Age prefers quiet, youth gaiety. You ask me why Verlie has changed so of late, and I auswer you: She misses the brilliant life she led while visiting at the home of the

These words had more weight with Mark than all she had !Mid previously. There was no aacrifioe he would not have made for Verlie's sake. When the subject was broached to Verlie the girl hrew back with a bitter cry. Go out into the hard, cold world in which she had met him and learned ye love him? OA, no, she could never do it. _

"It is not natural for a gating girl to like an isolated life," persisted her mother, smoothing back the shining golden curls from the white, lovely face. "You must take your place in the world as your father's heiress. You shall have balls and parties, coaches mud horses, silks and jewels—all that the feminine heart holds dear—to win you back to happiness, Vedic " she said, wistfully. " Poor mamma sobbed the girl, flinging her white arms arousiti her mother's neck, what makes you think I am not happy now?" Nella was strongly -tempted to answer "Because I know your secret, my poor darling. I know that your heart is withering from unrequited love, as the flowers wither for the want of dew ;" but she held her peace. In the gay, bright world, so full of noble men, Nell& hoped that her darling might, in time over- come the fancy she had entertained for handsome Rutledge Chester, and learn to care for another, who would make her a good and true husband. It was settled at length that they should remove to 'Virginia; and in the early 'spring they took possession 'of the beautiful villa that had been purchased in the suourbs of Richmond ; and that was the beginning, dear reader, of a most pitiful tragedy.

"SRE RAS WRECKED MY LIFE!" The startling announcement of the marriage of beautiful Uldene, over whose head such an appal- ling, mysterious shadow hung, filled the old light- house keeper and his wife with the greatest dismay and terror. I CHAPTER XX. They could not pardon themselves for their want lIIIDENE TURNED AND MET THE sIXED GAZE OP TIM of forethought in allowing this fatally lovely, ill- STRANGER .DENT UPON lIER. Starred young girl, who had been left so strangely We must return now to Uideue. In their keeping, to visit at the magnificent home , Four months had elapsed since that weird mid. of the Cheaters, where she would be brought in : night marriage. The week following Mrs. contact with the haughty, handsome son. Chester's death, Rut(cage had taken Uldene away Long and earnestly Mark Sefton and Nella from the desolate mansion, and it was closed up talked the matter over, sitting by their cheerful to await the orders of the absent senator. wood fire long after Verlie had retired to rest. I Two months of that time Rutledge and his bride It was evident that Mrs. Chester had nob' had spent abroad. Then they had returned to divulged the fatal story, that darkened Uldene's Washtngton, taking up the thread of life at the life so pitifully, to her son, or that marriage would gay cartel. , never have been solemenized ah, never! Ib No one could have been kinder, more consider. would have parted them—torn them asunder as ate, more thoughtful in his treatment of his young completely as though one of them lay in the grave, wife, than Rutledge Cheater was. The question they discussed so earnestly was, He studied her wishes, and met them almost be- should they reveal all to Uldene or not? Why fore she had time to declare them She never ex destroy the brightness of her gay young life by warning her of the doom her dying mother had pressed either a hope or desire before him, but that ft was at once, as tar as lay in his power gratified. foretold, and thus break the heart of the last Perhaps a sincere lover might not have studied her daughter of a fated reset? so much. It was the very consciousness that she No, no, they could not—they would not had not the love of his he at which made him so Warnings were of little avail now; the marriage entirely devoted to tier, throng,' pity's sake. had taken place, they were joined together for weal ; That was the way their wedded life commenced. or woe while their lives lasted. It would be kinder ' But he was only human. H.: could not withstand by far not to reveal it to Uldene. It was past mid- the clasp of those lovely wnite arms around his night when the lighthouse keepers's wife took up neck, the velvety cheek presed close to his, and her candle to seek her couch, those wondrous dark eyes g zing at him so Ah ! how good It seemed to the fond mother to , fondly, while the rosebud lips murmured have her darling child beneath the old home-roof ' I how dearly she loved him, without his heart once again. warming toward her. Uldene's great, passionate, As she was passing Verlie's room she paused s 1 wonderful love gradually won from him love in moment. Was It a sobbing cry or a moan that fell i return. upon her startled ear? She pushed the door open 1 Praises of her peerless beauty were on every lip, softly and entered, and it pleased Rutledge's vanity to know that of The moon's rays, clear and bright, shone through the whole world she cared only for him. Uldene the uncurtained window, bathing the pretty little I became the reigreng belle of the gay capital. chamber under-the eaves in a flood of silvery light. I Frahionable papers described her movements—told It threw a tender, subdued glow upon the slender I of the balls she attended, the operas she heard—and figure lying upon the couch, people raved about her. The, dark, piquant The lovely curls were tossed about the white Southern face won tribute heal poet and pillow like a glistening veil of gold, and the little artist. She was so popular in the social world that white hands were clenched tightly together. people would even delay balls and parties in order As Mrs. Sefton bent over her, the girl's lips to secure her attendance. Her dream was realized. parted in s quivering sigh, and she murmured, The world lay at her feet. pathetically : No one enjoyed her success or glorified in her "Oh, mother, mother I I am so weary of life triumph more than Rutledge Chester. He saw now; the future is all dark. I loved Rutledge that she tared for /10 admiration but his. She , Chester so. Life is a living death to me without never wislica to attend the most brilliant fetes un- 1 his love. Uldene, with her fatally Leautiful face, less he was what her. No society had any charm , came between us. Oh ! there was a time when he for her save his. At any time she was only too loved me best. I knew it. I felt it in my heart, happy to give up a ball or party to spend a quiet God pity me! Uldene has wrecked my life!" evening-with him. The words trailed off in a piteous sob, and the " Ah, this V1,26N something worth living for, to be sleeper tossed restlessly to and fro on her pillow, loved like this," he oitou thought to himself. He Like one turned to stone Neils Sefton had told hiniself, too, that his love/for golden-haired listened. She did not cry out, even though Terlie had faded into la sweet, brokeu dream, and what she had discovered was the bitterest, most that now his heart W. 48 in truth beautiful Uldene's, grievous shock she had ever experienced. Pros. who loved him so devotedly. sing her hands tightly over her heart, she The world saw with wonder this devoted and groped her way from the room. The fair moon. most unfashionable attachment of the young bride light Neenneli to have been suddenly blotted out, to her husband. sad the room to have grown dark and chill. AU "No good can come from loving a man so much the long hours of the night she never slept—her as that," many said, nodding their heads sagely. eyes never closed. "Wait and see how it will end." The pitiful secret of Verlie's love , for the Uldene was happy—wildly, deliriously happy— haughty handsome man who had wedded dark. but the conscience ot this hapless girl was never at eyed Uldene troubled her heart sorely; and a half rest. She could see th st she was very dear to mad wish crossed her mind that ehe had never Rutledge Chester now, and terror thrilled her soul aided Mark in saving that child from the fury of the wild waves that never-to-be-forgotten night in I loot she should lose lin. h the past—to break her own child a heart in the Her life cursed with the thought that she bad taken him from Verlie by deceit and fraud. after years. taking She knew ta h t Verlie would rather die than Would net Heaven, in turn, punish her by g reveal the pitiful secret that lay like a stone on hint from her? , her young heart. She was one of the kind who ,nour o strike "If we were ever parted, I should pray Heaven endure and suffer in silence. 1 that h tme dead," she often told In the days that followed even Mark noticed herself, with a great, tearless sob. how his idolised child was failing. Her idolatrous love for Rutledge Chester was to "What do YOU suppose is the matter with ,be the sword which should slay her. Verlie, mother?' the honest old light-house keeper! Uldene had invited Edna Temple to visit her, asked at length. "The lass creeps about the house and, full of delight at spending a few weeks at the like a shadow ; she is scarcely more than a ghost gaycapital, Edna had come down from her country home at once. , of her former self. We nev* hear her gay laugh, Uldene was especially fond of this bright, saucy, ' like the rippling murmur of a mountain brook, piquant 'Verlie, whose acquaintance she had made about the house. She never smiles now, and more through Verne who had been brought to the than once, when I hove come upon her unser. country home Of the Temple's on that memorable peotedly, I have found her in tears. Do you think winter morning she had been found lying uncon- the lass is grieving her life out at being separated scions by the roadside. from Uldene, and because—since Uldene married Rollicking Neddy--Neddy was the pet name the millionaire's son—she never deigns to WU* given to Edna—kissed her friend rapturously. to us?" I "How funny it is to imagine you anybody's "It would have been better for her if her path wife," she cried, breathlessly, asehe was removing and Uldene's had never crossed," she cried out, $o her wrappings. " Wny, you can't be much older bitterly that the old light-house keeper looked uP than I am, are you, Uldene ?" _ into her face aghast. "I shall be eighteen this month, smiled Uldene, - " Why do you say that, wife 2" he asked. . "and I'm sure that's old anotigh to be 'anybody'. But Nella turned away with a tearless sob and wife,' as you quaintly phrase It." would vouchsafe him no answer. It was breaking "I don't think so," cried Neddy, tossing her her heart to watch her darling fade like a storm- curls. "I shouldn't like to be tied down to any blasted flower before her very sixes. She realised one person. I like going to balls, and parties, and something must be done, and at once. Verlie must theatres and having a new beau for every occa- have ohmage of scene and gay companions to win don," she declared, demurely. her over to forgetfulness. " You haven't seen the right one yet," laughed Mrs. Fief ton never dreamed of the turbulent Uldene. "When you do, you will sigh for that depths of love that ley beneath the 'calm exterior one, and that one only. The whole world will be of this girl's heart. lhe could never forget the nothing to you without him. It's plain to be dark, haughty, handsome face of Rutledge Chester; I seen you're not in love yet. Only wait till you waking or sleeping it wee always before her. In I are.. • the hour of death his nume would be on his lips. 1 "Fiddlesticks !" cried Noddy, shrilly. "That's At this cm itical juncture a strange event happened all nonsense. I don't believe a word of it. I that changed the current of Mark Set tout's hitherto should get tired and sick of seeing a man poking uneventful life. Years before, by the death of an about the house forever. Now, there's brother older brother, Mark Sefton had become the pos. Dick. There's always continual sparring between senior of a narrow strip of land in one of the wildest us whenever he's in the house. He's provokingly and most rugged portions of California. uncivil. The Lord pity any girl unfortunate In vain Mark had endeavoured to cell it; no one enough to get him." _ could be found who would take the barren waste "A brother isn't half as nice as a husband. You of his hands at even half the low price he had will tell me so some day," declared Uldene, smiling °tiered it at : so, in despair, at last Mark ceased down into the pretty, piquant face. his attempts of trying to dispose of it, and for long But Neddy, with girlish obstinacy, whether as- years the strip of land was given up to neglect an gamed or real, would not be convinced upon this riotous weeds. point. One day the following brief " Personal " met The two young girls (for Uldene was very girlish Mark's eyes in one of the New York papers that in spite of being a bride of four months standing) bad by chance found its way to isolated Black-Tor enjoyed themselves as only fun-loving girls, full of Light-House : gout", spirit and vivacity, can. "A valuable vein of ore has been discovered upon Each day saw them driving in the parks or land—said to belong to a Mr. Sefton—in E--- boulevards, at a lawn fete or pleasure gathering. county, California. Parties having adjoining claims Rutledge Chester looked on in grave amusement. would like to negotiate with him as to purchase of earn°, through their attorneys, Messrs. Harris and After all, his bride was as much of a child as fun. Whitney, Broadway, New York." loving Neddy. So he made all allowances. The honest old light-house keeper held the paper Once the thought crossed his mind How off at airm's length and gazed at it in great different a wife gentle, golden-haired Verlie Sefton astonishment, would have made him. He sighed, and put the "Ore found in that strip of wild land !" he thought away from him as an unworthy one. gasped. "It can't be possible I" Uldene loved him so pitifully well, it was He lost no time in writing to the attorneys cruelly wrong to give even one thought to another. mentioned, one of whom came down in person in One afternoon Uldene and Neddy had gone to response, offering the old light-house keeper such the Art Academy together. There was to be an a fabulous price for the bit of wild, rugged land exhibition of rare pictures from the old matters that it fairly staggered him. Tickets had been sent to a select few, and the. And Mark, who end fought a relentless battle affair promised to be a very enjoyable one. with stern poverty all his life long—who had Noddy and Uldene stood by the western window known what privation and even want meant, and of the academy, watching intently a picture upon who had been worried times innumerable as to which the slanting rays of sunlight fell. It repre- sented a young and lovely girl clinging, in how he should make both ends meet from his slender income—suddenly found himself a wealthy an agony too pitiful to be pictured by words, to a cold, grey cross, that seemed to rise man. a I shall never leave the old light-house, Nella," like a monument out of the sand. At her feet • in. deg.hkrati..... "I iaikv_t etteut the Loess aeshas. ot_ .1117 -v• - re. wed„ si. /leak, taithuielii, sesta aaioras salary, a aae•

.., . • 1,-,-.1..r.ri.„# Jl,il, il ovl ..,,..,,•,,L,... ~i,....4..„,„.,.;.t.5....„15.._..‘,.. , , iii,,..1....,,1ii . ~-.,„. , ill„,.: ~ , ~. . < 1 ! , (.• ' -I I, Jill ,I, „I, 'to) ///'/, ylluily• ' 11 . „ •\ ' ,:•:. I 1/..hei t 1 ie14,!4—.....f-. 1.,; \t'T . (Ti I.;kil I li Ilk)I ' , , .1101 , • lA. t li ..o.„pci'4,,‘ • //iii :,- ..- =7:—...••=4.-"44 ......%-..-- r, , • ---- ====.......4 , OH. ul., .. k 2.'"7".=N0. • ~...__- ~ ' AC r UALAY-. - . E.,1_," COAPet-Fi q ° S • el, A 1.U..

===== 0002601_18931209_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
Pancakes Without Milk,

Put a breakfas-tc"u—pin-l—of flour into a basin, break two whole eggs into the flour, stirring the eggs and flour wed together. When the eggs and flour are well mixed moisten the mixture with a teacupful of cold water,beat this up well with a wooden spoon, put a piece of dripp- ing in the frying-pan. When it frizzles put in three table- spoonfuls of the batter, see that it runs all over the pan; when set, turn it over with a knife ; when brown roll it up, and keep hot while you fry the remainder of the batter, Serve with treacle or sugar and lemon.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
Pith Pie.

Buy a large haddock Or-Pial-ce-,w- Ipe it, and cut in four pieces, peel four large potataes cut them in thick slices, and lay them at the bottom of a pie-dish, sprinkle them with pepper, salt, a little chopped parsley and onion, las the pieces of fish on the potatoes, then another layer of potatoes. Make a paste with two ounces of dripping and half a pound of flour ; half-fill the dish with hot water, cover at once with the paste, bake in a moderate oven half-an-hour.

WIDNES WOMENS:LIBERAL ASSOCIATION. , • ner';rgitl-r;i'W Rfql.l7ol Under the auspices of this association, a public meeting was held in St. Paul's Parchial Rooms, on Monday evening. Mrs. Stewart Brown presided and there were present on the platform :—Mrs. O'Reeffe, Miss Deacon and Miss Hilda Deacon. The room was well filled. . .

Mrs. Brown, whe had an enthusiastic reception, in the course of an introductory address, said she was sure all present heartily sympathised with the sufferers of the coal strike, especially with the women and children' They, as Liberals, owed a debt of very deep gratitude to the Liberal Government, and especially to Mr. Glad- stone, for having stepped in at the right moment and arranged a conference, which was held under the presi- dency of an impartial chairman, Lord Rosebery. (Applause.) The conference had been successful for the present; at any rate, in reconciling the miners and mas- ters. They all rejoiced that it was a victory for the men who were fighting for a " living wage." (Applause.) Mrs. Brown then called upon Miss E. Robinson, of Southport, who delivered a lecture on the subject of " African Wars." She said we had no sooner left off stealing the Africans from Africa than we commenced to steal Africa from the Africans. We too often forgot that these people were human beings. They might be savages, but they had bodies to feed and hearts to love. War was a barbarous and sav- age custom, not an honour but a disgrace to the land. Dealing with the Zulu war, which was commenced in 1879, when a Conservative Government was in power, and although it was hoped when the Liberals came into power that the war would have ended, it was said there were certain considerations of policy which could not he overlooked and the quarrel could not be settl:d. Miss Robinson thought no policy ought to interfere with matters which were just and right. In an eloquen, manner the lecturer described the proe,ress of the war and showed how Cetewayo wished not to go on with the war but the English Government would not listen to the proposal and went on until village atter village was des. troyed and thousands of men, women and children slain. Eventually King Cetewayo was captund and brought to England, after which it was decided to give him a por- tion of his land back, but as his people's dwellings were destroyed and thousands of natives killed, he died of a broken heart. Miss Robinson appealed to the women present to do their utmost t-> abolish warfare. Ow reason why she was in favour of women's suffrage, was because women would have an influence in the cause of temperance, peace and righteousness.—On the motion of Mrs. O'Keeffe seconded by Mr. FL Wade Deacon, a vote of thanks was accorded to Was Robinson and a similiar compliment Was paid to the chairwoman.—The lecture was illustrated by lime light views.

. _ . M ANY a matrimonial barque has gone down, not because there were rocks, but because there wern't rocks enough. A RECENT bon mot of Burne-Jones, the painter: —ln art a picture is executed first and hung after. wards.

Farm is tb iriprallb was heard to close the gloria in a church service lately, "World without men, ah me !" " WELL, sir, what do you think of my new drama?" "Splendid ! The villains in particulat are admirably portrayed. The very words they utter are stolen !" WHY, Matti.), you tave put your shoes on the wrong feet." " What'll Ido mamma? They're all the feet I've got." HE said to her—" The moon is always the same, and yet I always find some new beauty in It. She said to him—" It's just so with the circus.' He bought tickets for two. WHY HE HURRIED.—" Hallo, George! What's your hurry?" George—" Just heard that a friend ef mine was married this morning, and I want to get there in time to congratulate him before the honeymoon is over. I know the girl he's married."

===== 0002601_18931209_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
TEAS,

OUR SPECIAL§ BLENDS AT 117 AND 21- PEE LB.

Delivered Free by our own Vans in Warrington. Widnes, Leigh, Atherton, Tyldealey, and

Districts.

Write for Samples and partieulara to

TIIOIIAS JONES AND CO,

LIMITED.

9, PARKER STREET,

/LIVERPOOL.

l'os jopes as C, ljea t 5...- ' C'''" ' • I '' ' . ..A.1.. A .. . , ''... :fe ,f.a..n - ' , .i' e-iprwol. ......9,-.,,,, -t: • "4 ' ' . W;",•,fe.-.. tbA Quility s ...1 , •%;.:,-;.,.:- 4 14:4f., 11)0j156 et.-4 1 ..- -1-.1.s " sterr,..ll!=4l

===== 0002601_18931209_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
-I

lres Enflamed so sweep til'ef tna litlPP"` oat. figure clinging so despairingly to the cross. —tear the white arms from their clinging hold and carry her on to destruction. Uldene gazed at the picture breathlessly, she Gould nob tell why. Suddenly Neddy gave her a nudge. " Dene,' she whispered, shrilly, under her breath, "who is that gentleman leaning against the marble pillar to the right of us? For the lasb five minutes he haa not taken his eyes off your face." Uldene turned her dark eyed from the picture she was contemplating to the person indicated, and met the fixed gaze of the stranger bent upon her. What was there about this person, wh.2m she had never met before, that fascinated her, made the blood creep through her heart with a deadly sensation, like that which fills the heart of it fluttering dove that falls under the steady gaze er a serpent. The floor seemed to rock beneath her feet, the grand pictures in their gilded frames to whirl around her, and the Air to grow dense and stifle her. "I don't know who he is, Neddy," she said, faintly. "I do not like being stared at so rudely. Let us go—let us leave the place." They moved with the dense crowd; Nodal could not resist the impulse that once possessed _Lot's wife—to look back, and see what had become of the dark-browed stranger. "Oh, Uldene I" she cried, "this is grovving romantic; he must have fallen in love with you -- never dreaming a young girl like you could be married. He's actually following us." "Oh, Neddy, I am horribly afraid of that man,' f gasped Uldene. "I —I don't know why, but 1 am. A premonition of coming evil seems creeping coldly over my heart. There was anything but love in the gaze that met mine; I read in the fiery eyes that looked into mine deadly hatred, such as one reads in the eyes of a relentless bitter foe. Come, let us hurry away, and elude him in the throng." Neddy agreed, and they were soon on the pave- ment. The tall, dark-bearded stranger reached the door just in time to see the two slender figures enter their coach and drive away. "Can you tell me who that beautiful young lady is—the dark one, I mean, who just entered that coupe ?" he asked of one of the attendants 01 the academy. "I have heard the name, but I cannot call it to mind just now, sir," answered the man. comes here to the weekly Thursday receptions. can tell you this much, though—young as she isv she's married." "Can you find out her name and address for me?" he asked, slipping some money into the man's hand. "Yes, sir," said the attendant, touching his OF respectfully to the liberal stranger. "Call all time after next Thursday, and I will have it for you." The attendant smiled as he looked after the tall, aristocratic figure until the stranger vanished froo sight. 'lt didn't seem to make any difference to him."' my hint that the beauty is married, and is not jot him," he muttered.

-At

( To be continued.)

ANCIENT POTTERI.—We les re, on the authority of Vitruvius, who wrote In the Augustan age, th". the Romans then made their water-pipes of potter's' clay. The people, who introduced a knowledge of the usbful arts practised by themselves wherever their conquests were extended, established potteries 3n Englard, where among other artiotes, similar .: water-pipes were made. Some of these about a ~ century ago, were dug up in Hyde Park. They were fcund to he two inches in thickness, and were firmly' ~ jointed together with common mortar mixed with oil. It has been asserted that the ancient Britons, e were in the p,actice of making pottery before the f Invasion of this country by the Romans; and in , support of this belief is brought the fact, that urns of earths n wa_t e have been taken fro° , barrewa its different parts of the king- dom. On the other hand, the concur- , ring testimony of various writers gives reason for supposing that our ancestors were in those dale supplied with such articles by the Venetia' Vestiges of considerable Roman potteries are cernible in many parts of the island, and particu- .. lady in Staffordshire, on the site of the great pot- i tcries which have so long been carried on in that county. In sinking pits for various purposes. remains of Roman potteries have occasionally bee° discovered there at a considerable depth below the ,•. surface.—Larrliter's Cyclopa-din. . Ila E BURN AND. JOIIN'CLEEK.—Arnong Ilaeborn's . earliest associates was the learned and witty John Clerk—afterwards a judge of the Court of Seseions. : under the title of Lord Itlilin—a gentleman of rare • parts, who to his-other acquirements added some • skill of hand in the art of painting. The young' . artist and the young advocate were frequent:y gether ; and as the one had to purchase cost le ', colours and the other expensive books, it ie said they were sometimes so poor that they scarcely knew how to live till more money came On one one of these occasions Peieburn received an invitation to dine with Clerk ; and hastening to his lodgings, he found the land' lady spreading a cloth on the table, and setting down two (lisle:4, one containing three herrings, anrcd, •41. the other three potatoes. "Arid is this all 7" Si" John. "All 1" said the landlady. "All t did I Da° tell ye, woman," he exclaimed, "that a gentleman was to dine with me, and that ye were te get 1 herrings and six potatoes?" The tables of boto . were better furnished before the lapse of Inani years; and they loved, it is said, when the wive '... was flowing, to recall those early days, when hopo was high, and the spirit unrehuked by Intercourse with the world.—Lives of Briti.".l4 Paintera rEIIFECTIBILITY.—To bring the minds of men to the same level, to bestow upon them-all an equal deli- cacy of perception, or the same aceuracy ofjudgreeet. would bass chimerical as the wild projects of tali- ',metal monarchy, or universal fraternity. The storre of passion cannot he allayed by any magic of words; the bittc mess of op-posing parties cannot be sweet- ened by any dietetes of philosophy. While eocce! is gratifying, while wealth procures enjoyment' while men are ambitious, nations will seek :were' macy, and armies will contend. No hope of endlese perfectibility, then, is here indulged ; neither is ib denied that events will continuo in future ages, g 0 in time, past, to revolve- within a certain, though g widening orbit, where empires will shine for period, to set in elory or in shame.—CheneriS, ERanin nn National Charnetor. ThdiceatfeOsllorweainagjunsotting ice sentimentlla li rglt o Moses partner: " Notis.—elle co--partnership her?. tofore rests iug betwixt me and Nicole Skinner ta hereby resolved. Dent what owe de firm grlet iinan the ba c rkaarntlitohr in. settle wid me, and dens what de firm owe vi" , settle wid Mose." "How did you happen to marry him? you in love with him?' "Oh, no; but anothee girl was. AIAUDE i "1 don't know what I am going do 1" Etnel : " Why what is the matter ?" " Why, Mr. Fearer of Paris was talking v,elec, earnestly to me in French last night, and 1 dial • quite understand him, and he spoke so impetuen°4 I replied ' Oui, oui,' several times I It has occurred to me that verliejja he was proposing!' • THE 1,681 part 0 I. race, after all, is the ebt'inr; pagne and the eating and drinking. If you 'an betting, you cannot enjoy your "grub." Yu" le, thinkiug of the stakes, and how much you rot)'•', have to fork out—instead of being intent, us Ye. should be, upon forking out the stakes which aro ° the bottom of the pigeompie.—Paneh. reel ' FASHIONABLE PLCYSICIAN: "What you ~.... need is change of climate." Patient (wearillliy,„ ' "Change of climate 1 Why, I've never hot °life, thing else ! I've lived in Edinburgh all TuY and it's never two days the same.' an "Miss SMILEY is going to travel under hd assumed name." "You surprise me 1" " Ire° ; is going to be married next week andstaxt 01,3 honeymoon." allre IN the tulddio ot one of Rev. Rowland ..--tbe sermons lie was disturbed by a commotion la ..ter gallery. He exclaimed : " What's the there; the devil seems to have got among. A countryman replied; "It arti't hle devil as is dot, it, it's a lady woe's fainted." Hill replied : , bezAhe lady's vtr.donn unit the devil's too." ,ti., , lai Strniiii lather stooTi over the cradle, 0,1;1,, a, molly inspecting his first-born. "Of course t00.:%3 ' healthy, well-formed baby, Lucy," be said wife, "and will be a credit to the family whet., , grows older, but its awful homely jest ooreo.. . ' Dear little thine cooed a neighbour, !e'ry : came in a few moments later, "It's the V .. mage of its papa." band; he never hurries you when getting relt,d Y for " TnEnE is one tiling I like about your for a walk." "uo Precious little credit d 10 lii. it __4 tkat, my dear. Whenever I sea that I ame'r likely to be ready in time, I simply hide his hat g` 7or his gloves out of the way, 511(1 let him litna‘t 4 them r.:' erel tleeee till 1 cio ilei..lice. the sfee.:o

===== 0002601_18931209_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IP

===== 0002601_18931209_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18931209_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BEST XMAS PRESENT.

Christmas bells will ring in family reunion. Young and old look forward with great joy and it is the keen- est endeavour ol every °se to pass this fête in the family circle. When gathered around the Xmas tree any absent member will be painfully missed, and a sigh given for those who are away. Nothing, however, interferes with the joy of Xmas more than if one of the family is stricken down with disease, and recovery to health for Such member, would no doubt be most appreciated of all 'Cams presents for the whole family. This valuable present will be found in the timely em- PloYment of Warner's Safe Cure, whereby sorrow would be changed into joy. Nearly all diseases of the human 1.3.3.43' depend upon disorders of the kidneys liver and 'llgestive organs, being the laboratory for the whole or- ganism. Warner's Safe Cure is a sure and reliable remedy for the cure of these disorders, and ensures good health. Follow the example of Mr. Edmund Parker, 2, Wil- son's Place, St. Paul's, Bristol, who solemnly asserts that Warner's Safe Cure is a most valuable gift. His own Word.: "I had been a great sufferer, in fact confined to 1113' bed for eleven weeks: during my illness I had been attended by my club doctor, then by two local doct•lrs, and afterwards at the hospital. They all told me my case hopeless unless I went under an operation, to which would not consent. I was troubled with bloating after 179eals ; furred tongue; bad taste in the mouth; throb- Ping pain in the temples; restless nights; shooting pains !a the right side of back, loins, legs and feet; undue thirst, and palpitation of the heart. I then procured a bottle of Warner's Safe Cure and commenced taking it, arid, to my gratification and astonishment, the symp- _otos and the pains began to lessen. The hemorrhage iron which I suffered disappeared after three days' use of the Safe Cure, and this was followed by excretions of !and and gravel, which continued until the kidneys were ea and health completely restored. lam now able to resume work—a thing I never expected to do again."

===== 0002601_18931209_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL.

,-, The monthly meeting of the Warrington Town k:ouncil was held on Tuesday eve.iing in the Coun- cil Chamber of the Town Hall. There were present the Mayor (Alderman Greenall), Aldermen J. Har- rsis°l3, J. E. Wright J. Platt, R. W. Francomb, T. utton, and J.. Aehton ; Councillors T Flood, R. Eleatoo, J. Garner, It. T. Fairclough. J. Smethurst, 1. Greening, J. Hill, H. Roberts, A. Bennett, F. W. I°llB. J. Shillcock, G. Plumpton, J.Hepherd, W. J. Green, IL J. Longton, W. Bolton, P. Davies, J. Shaw "en, J. Palmlough, T. Hutchinson, and Dr. Can- !ley, also Messrs. J. Lyon Whittle town clerk), J. airhurst (treasurer): Dr. Gornall (medical officer), Longdin (surveyor). .

COUNCILLOR DAVIES' DEBUT. The Mayort announced the election of Mr. Percy Davies ror the Latchford ward. He did not know that there Would Was any Committee at present with a vacancy. He therefore, ask Councillor Roberts if he could find 2.0.71 for him upon the Museum and Library Committee woc!ch was not limit,sl to nimiher. ,ouncillor Ronstrrs said he would have great pleasure la asking the Committee to accept Councillor Davies' Services as he was sure they would do so..

, A yAC4NCY IN THE WHITE.CROSS WARD. Councillor F. MONKS said that before the Council pro- reded with business, he would like to ask a question. they were aware, he had been away such along time at he understood he was practically disqualified, and it would be necessary to be re-elected. He would like to now what his position was, so that he might know how Lo act. . th The MAYOR said that he was advised that absence from S borough, except in the Case of illness for more than tx months, would disqualify a councillor. It would, tvnerefore, be the duty of the Council to declare the office •,..acant. There was nothing to prevent Councillor etaonks from offering himself for re-election. Alderman WRIGHT asked whether it was possible to ?.eal with the matter in the Council. He would like it to ue• Possible for Councillor Monks to retain his seat. The TOWN CLERK in reply said that it would be neces- -1419 to declare the office vacant. The MAYOR then declared a vacancy in the White- Croas Ward.

WATCH COMMITTEE. The minutes of this Committee,which appeared in our last issue, were passed on the motion of the Mayor, se- conded by Alderman flarris-m. FINANCE COMMITTEE. —.Councillor Snaw GREEN proposed the adoption of the ."181cutes of this Committee, which appeared in our last "-Councillor FIEPiISUD seconded .—Ca rried STREET IMPROVEMENT AND LIGHTING COMMITTEE. !klderman PLATT moved the adoption of the minutesof tills Committee, v. hich appeared in our last issue. Alderman StriToN seconded. Councillor SHAW called the Committee's attention to Lee badly li g hted condition of Forshaw-st., Leonard-st., land other streets in the district. There was only one amp in 200 yards. The MAYOR You must give notice.—The minutes Were passed. -

XEALTH COMMITTER. :Me Committee's minutes were adopted on the motion *1 Alderman SUTTON, seconded by Councillor FLOOD. SANITARY COMMITTEE.—WHO IS THE CHAIRMAN? Tbis Committee's minutes, which proposed that councillor Monks be chairman and Councillor Beaman lernitY-ehairman, were moved by Councillor Flood se- -"tided by councillor Greening. ,Councillor R T FAIRCLOUGH : " What about the airman? hiAlderman Suwon hoped that Mr. Monks would take tes Plate again as chairman. He suggested that the atter be left over for the present. After some discussion, it was decided to refer the thatcer Aid back to the Cemmittee. werman PLATT said that he heard things outside ich Ile would like to know whether they were true.— said that the Commit ee had already spent some r.oaUdreds more than they estimated this year, and they 2.still three months in the year to run. °Dv. lVfonxs "NY th eo, at they had not yet reached the amount of their with the permission of the Council, said in 'mates Yet. . They had several hundred pounds to pay Alderman PLATT : " Oh, it's the Health Committee I (Lau g liter ) Aid PAVING AND SEWERAGE COMMITTEE. fl W RIGHT moved the coufirrnation of the oh„utes. which ."e the last meeting of the Council they had passed appeared in our last issue, and said that altiovlte street works to the amount of £l,lOO. They had to 'Deen doing a good deal of public street work.ewing thn t, Lle distre.s, but they did not get on as rapidly as „„"13' wotald like because they did not get the setts ehe cou ueh. Aid uel lor IleAroaa seconded. ture ,evnlan PLAIT wanted to know why a new depar- siltieneard beeen taken with regard t crossings. The a of obstruc ions and alterations in streets had aYs been dealt with by the Street Improvement Minittee. vvaC_ouncillor ROBERTS said he did not know whether it p,__3 to this committee or to the Street Improvement „07251.1ittee he ought to apply to in the matter, but it 321515:A_COI,dtiDetrISritnedtaehrne4d:trirrd to' of Wilderspool Causeway should —That is for the Street Improve- l',t,Committee to consider. i__TaerMall WRIGHT said he himself had been under the greeression that the crossings had been dealt with by the Year ht Irnprovement Committee, but according to the 11e dcook it was the Paving and Sewerage Committee. qeje much like the work,but as it was urgently re- all. , and would be no detriment to the public gener- ,..!, the committee granted those two crossing on the ~rnis could named, and subject to three months' notice they be Th_ Pulled up at any time. ,e110(a), minutes were then confirmed. L ATTENDANCE COMMITTEE—EXAMINATION FOR er SHAW Coen •I, LABOR CE RTIFICATES. rllinut CI io GREEN moved the adoption of the char es 0, this committee which were of a routine 6 c_ ..a„cter. Referring to the examination for labour wrtimcates he said there were numerous applications. inednon tg to the large number they could not all be exam- themh -e day appointed for the purpose. Some of exarri. 'were examined concurrently with the school did 'nation, and 808 passed, and 91 either failed or inXi—oll°,t nut in an appearance. It was very clear how rtant such an examination was. ca'?uncillor Santrauesr seconded the motion which was rried. 4eSee. COMMITTEE—PROPOSED OPENING OF THE musEom ON SUNDAYS. las'irtt!° gifM to this Committee were published in our by cissuei The adoption of the minutes was proposed IN,. °oncillor ROBERTS, seconded by Councillor GREEN- The th MAYOR said he had once or twice brought under notice oi the committee the desirability of throwing ern the Museum and Art Gallery on Sundays, and he t'4Uld be glad if the conainittee would kindly consider to nrggestion. When they did he should be prepared r, Dve a resolution on the subject. 1(11or i LoNGTON asked whether the committee had the question of opening branch libraries n ne_rent Parts of the town. ustatcjoilnlor ROBERTS, replying to the Mayor, said his should be brought before the committee at an*,4lr,'D, on meeting. It was more a question of cost than to ' "'mg else. They could not expect the present staff re work seven days a week, and they would therefore Otlive extra assistance. The subject should have every Consideration at the next meeting. In reply to Mr. y4irgr., he said the subject of branch libraries had not fe„,i-ceived the notice of the committee, because their -r•;,-4s had to be devoted not merely to the maintenance lio'ho Free Library, but also to the maintenance of the d " GallevY and Museum, and eonsequently they had to out of their rates considerably more than other towns. b 4t. hear.) They were all willing and anxious to open rah.k . th. .0 libraries as snon as their funds would enable th-In t° do so out of a lid. rate. They had no home for us eir technical institutinn work; the building they now h,,e,.ct was held on sufferance, and they might be turned in-d' at any 'moment ; the reading room wile inadequate, -eed tbe7 were altogether cramped for room, and the

===== 0002601_18931209_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
LL

IHE FA MINER, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1893.,

time would soon come when they would have to make extensions. The minutes were confirmed. CEMETERY COMMITTEE. The minutes were ot a formal ctuu acter, and were confirmed, en the motion of Alderman HaanisoN, seconded by elder-flan ASHTON. REMOVAL OF THE TOWN HALL WALL. " DIRTY LOW POLITICAL FEELING." Ala meeting of the Town Hill, Park and Baths Com- mittee, held on the 23rd November, it was resolved "That the wall in frent of the 'Town Hall and the Re- creation Ground be taken down and set back to make Sankey-street 60 feet in width." Councillor BOLTON, in moving the confirmation of the minutes of the committee, said the members of the Council would notice the resolution with regard to the baths. It was the intention of the committee to make expenses connected with the baths during the winter smaller than they were summer. At the same time, the efficiency of bioe baths would be kept up. Then there was the resolution with regard to the removal ef the Town Hall wall. This matter had been before the Council on previous occasions, and had been passed since or twice. Several MEMBERS.— No, no. Councillor BOLTON.—It has been passed. Alderman SurroN.—B% the committee. Councillor BOLTON.—But it was passed by the Council (" No, no.") It was passed by the casting vote of the Mayor. (" No, no.") I say yes. Ald,rman Surrox.--Well, it does not matter. Councillor BOLTON, sontinuing, said he thought the time had now arrived for the wall to come down. (Hear, hear.) One portion of it was in a very bad condition; the stones were soft and crumbling, and it would take a good sum to repair the wall. The question was whether it would be better to take down the wall or repair it. He would not like to have the wall in his backyard. (Laugh- ter.) It was not a credit to the Town Hall, and it was too high to enable them to see into the Park. The com- mittee required a lot of stone for a fence for the baths in Legh-street to the Drill Hall, and the Town Hall wall would do to use for the purpose. (Hear, hear.) There was another matter to which he wished to refer, and it was this—that the time had come when they might widen Sankey-street to 60ft., and it could be done with- out much cost to the ratepayers. The entrance to the goods yard at Bank Quay was a very bad one; so bad indeed that at times it was dangerous for horses to make use of it when dark, but by widening the street they could improve the whole district. The committee did not propose to touch any of the entrances at present ; or put a gateway in the centre ; the time for that arrange- ment and for the spending of the money would be taken into consideration later on. He did not think that any practical economist need fear the cost, as the committee would be able to carry out the improvement at a cheap rate. This was wintfr, and they wished to have the per- mission of the Council to take down the wall, and then, when they had unemployed in their midst, the work would be carried out. (Hear, hear.) Councillor Dr. CANNELL seconded the passing of the minutes. Councillor R. T. FAIRCLOUGH proposed as an amend- ment that the minute relating to the removal of the wall be not carried out. The committee wished to pull down the wall, but they did not say what they were going to put up. (Hear, hear.) If money was to be spent, he should like to know in what manner. He thought that after the plans for the enlargement of the Town Hall had been subreitted,the Council %you'd be in a better position to know what the character of the entrances should be. (Hear, hear.) Councillor FLOOD seconded the amendment. The question of the removal of the wall had been discussed from time to time, but he had never yet seen any neces- sity for its removal except in the case of an important and comprehensive scheme. He objected to this con- stant tinkering. The Council had not been told what the probable cost would be. No one was more favourable to a public improvement than he was, but if they wished to improve Sankey-st., let them commence at the narrow- est end, and where the traffic was most congested. There was another matter which should be considered. There were more obstacles that day to the proposal than ever. They were now suffering from a heavy rate. He was told that the cost of taking down the wall would be from £7OO to £BOO, and he objected to the carrying out of the work to satisfy a fad. They had been told that the Town Hall had to be improved. Why, therefore, should there be patchwork ? Let them improve the Town Fall first. Councillor Mum said the committee had well digested the question for some time, and all ratepayers who had been consulted were delighted that the wall was about to be taken down. Councillor Flood was entirely wrong with regard to the cost. Mr. Longdin had assured them that the cost would be £250. Councillor GREENING was in favour of the removal of the wall, and he was pleased to see that the committee had had the courage to put the minute on the agenda paper. If the cost was only about £5OO nine-tenths of the people of Warrington would vote for the removal. (Hear, hear.) Councillor FIEATON said the committee had carefully considered the question, but they wished to have some instruction from the Town Council with a view to pre- paring the necessary plans, and to put the cost in the estimates for the ensuing year. It would be a wise action on the part of the Council to sanction the removal of the wall, as the widest entrance to the Park at the present moment was only 4ft.—(" Oh, oh ")—and at the corner of Crosfield-st. a proper and appropriate entrance could be made to admit the passage of a horse and carriage. Councillor HILL supported the passing of the minutes. SOllle of their narrow-minded friends thought the expense would be great, but no improvement had ever been carried out without expense. Councillor LONGTON supported the amendment. It did not seem that the members of the committee were agreed as to the cost of taking down the wall. How would the wall be removed, and what would be the ex- pense ? The Borough Surveyor had said that the cost would be £250. Alderman PLATT.—The Borough Surveyor shakes his head. He 'won't have that. Councillor LONGTON, continuing, said he should have thought that Councillor Bolton would have stated the cost of the work. It seemed that there was a diversity of opinion about it. (" No, no," from several members, and Councillor Roberts, " Quite right.") Reference had been made to the stone being soft and crumbling, and vet Councillor Bolton had said that it was wanted to form a new wall in Bath-street. (Laughter.) He hoped that the new walls required by the Corporation were not going to be made out of soft and crumbling stones. (Hear, hear.) One statement which had been made was inconsistent with the other statement. (Hear, hear.) Alluding to the recent municipal contest, Councillor Longton said that during the compaign he did not meet one amongst his constituents who objected to the course he proposed to take in opposing the re-, moval of the wall. Alderman SUTTON said he should support the action of the committee, as he firmly believed it was the wish of the public that the wall should be removed. One day he (the speaker) met a stranger who was en- quiring his way to the Town Hall. He volunteered to show him the way, and he was surprised when he was told that the Town Hall was concealed by the wall in question. He said he should have thought the building was either a prison or a lunatic asylum. (Loud laugh- ter.) That was the view strangers took of the Town Hall. One of the foremost properties of the town was ' confined within a prison wall. Councillor BENNETT was of opinion that the gentleman to whom Alderman Sutton had alluded WEIS perfectly right. (Laughter.) He could not conceive of any councillor of sane mind objecting to a ref 'irm so absolu- tely necessary, and which the whole town, in spite of what Councillor Longton had said, had wanted for many years, namely, the removal of the wall. (Hear, hear.) The question had been discussed year in year out, ever since he could remember, and no valid objec- tion to the pulling down of the wall had been raised,ex- cent that of expense. He was not blind to the fact that the rates were tco high, but sometimes it was possible to be penny WiSP and pound foolish, and if there was any object for which it wasjustifiable to spend the rates the removal of the wall was one of them. (Hear, hear.) Ile should vote for the resolution because he approved of the principle. What was to be put up in place of the wall was a secondary consideration ; personally he thought it would be better to have a field open to the street, although there wore several alternatives which could no doubt be discussed afterwards, if the resolu- tion was carried. There was a good deal to be said for the palisade scheme, of which the plan was before them that nighealthoueh he should prefer to see the Southport plan adopted, the ground laid open,and the place mado beautiful and artistic. But these were all matters of de- tail, and the great thing that night was to carry the re- solution. In conclusion, he contended that they must make streets for the great town that was coming when the Ship Canal was opened, when trade had developed, and when Warrington had multiplied three or fourfold. In]ether towns, the Town Hall was a building which long ago would have been thrown open to public gaze. kHear, hear.) Councillor SHAW GREEN : Are we in a position to set a portion of the recreation ground to the front of the street, or to be added to the street, without a special application to the Local Government Board The MAYOR: It will be necessary to apply for sanc- tion. Councillor SHAW GREEN said the Chairman of the committee had left the Council very much in the dark in I connection with this matter. A-great deal of his (Conn. Green's) opposition had been removed by conversation with members of the Council, especially with one of the Aldermen, but he did feel that the present was the most inopportune time possible to bring the matter forward. Councillor HuTottesoN : It always has been. Councillor SHAW GREEN said that personally he should like to see a bit of green sward, and that kind of sight was growinz less year by year in Warrington, owing to the density of the atmosphere, but he should be very sorry to see the little bit in the main thoroughfare re- moved. The rates were just sow Bs. 4d. in the Z. They had postponed the payment of a sum equal to another Pl. Next year they would have to provide for that 4d. Time KtVOR You mean on account of the small- pox?

Councillor SHAW GREEN Yes. If you propo.‘e to spend £430 in addition to the 4d. we shall have te find next year, and when you hear it hinted by A Id. len in Platt that one department has spent £350 more Lb in its estimate,with three months to runet is time that econo- my was exercised. (Hear. hear.) Alderman Stereos; : That has not been proved. The MAYOR : Order, order. Councillor HEATON : It is usual for that committee to exceed its estimates. (Laughter.) Councillor Sliaw GREEN : Then how is it possible to make our financial arrangements if money is to be spent in excess of estimates? We shall never be out of debt. We have serious obligations before us, and it is the duty of every committee to make smaller estimates than they have been accustomed to make for the coming year. Councillor ROBERTS supported the amendment, and said the description which had been given of the Town Hall being very like a prison of a lunatic asylum was not far from the mark. He would certainly like to see the Town Hall improved off the face of the earth, and something more modern provided in its place. If the people of Warrington were so anxious to have the wall removed how was it that not a single member of the Council who had men elected since the year 1890 had ventured to refer to the subject in his address to the electors, with the exception of Councillor Bennett? It was perfect rot to say that the people of Warrington wanted the wall taking down. (Cries of " Perfect rot" and "No, no.") Perfectly parliamentary. (Laughter.) Aide' man Sutton had teld them, and he ought to know —(laughter)--that it was not proposed to carry out the work at once, but the resolution stated distinctly that it was proposed to take down the wall the whole length of the front of the Town Hall and the Recreation ground, and to widen the street to 80 feet. It was more a ques- tion of cost than anything else. To take down the present wall, to set it back, to widen the street and make it a good one—and it would have to be made a good one—would mean an expenditure of £2.000. (Laughter.) That would not be much in excess of what the actual expenditure would be. (Hear, hear.) He objected to the work being carried out in shreds and patches. If the committee came before them with a complete scheme, and with the expense carefully pre- pared, the Council could consider the whole matter on its merits, and not be deluded into accepting the princi- ple. Talk about buying a pig in a poke! There never was a more flagrant attempt to hoodwink a Council into a delusive position than the present attempt. Talk about costing £250 or £400! Everyone knew that both those sums put together would not cover a third of the total cost. (Hear, hear.) They had that day in the Town Hall far more officials than was fair to them. (Cries of " Hear, hear," and " Nonsense.") He (Coun- cillor Roberts) was not a doctor, and would be very sorry to express his opinion in contradiction to the very valu- able opinion of Dr. Cannell, but he should not like to be one of those officiels who was compelled to work at the Town Hall under existing circumstances. Councillor Dr. CANNELL : There are rooms unused in this building to-day. Councillor ROBERTS : There are cellars. Councillor Dr. CARRELL : There are rooms upstairs. Councillor ROBERTS. continuing, said the officials ought to be accommodated properly, and the time would come very soon when they would have to provide ad- ditional accommodation for the servants of the Corpora- tion, including those who had to be removed from the Water Works office, and who were temporarily lodged in these premises. They wanted a new Bridewell. Com- plaints had been made about it from time to time by the Government Inspector, and it was possible they might lose the grant if they did not make an alteration in this respect. They wanted a new Police Court, and the hos- pital accommodation was utterly insufficient for the re- quirements of the town. The present hospital was built at a time when the population was certainly 20,000 less than it was now, and no extensions of any moment had been made, while cases of enteric fever were being treated at home owing to want of accommodation. Their present indebtedness was £568,656. It was quite true that a large sum was represented by remunerative under- -1 takings, such as the gas and water works, but they had I an unremunerative debt of £108,450 and they ought, therefore, to be careful before they added a single half- penny to the rates that could, in any sense, be put off. Councillor Devies had not intended to make his debut on a question of that kind, but alter what had been said he did not consider he should be doing his duty if he gave a silent vote. As Councillor Roberts had said, they ought to put off minor questions like the present. lie contended that this part of Sankey-et. was the best street in the town. (Hear, hear.) Councillor Bennett had said he could not conceive of any sane man object- ing to its removal, while he (Councillor Davies) thought that those who voted for it would be more fitted for a lunatic asylum. (Laughter.) Alderman WRIGHT :*lt is disgusting—most ungentle- manly language. Alderman SUTTON: It is. Councillor DAVIES : 7 his is my first appearance on this staze—(lauehter)—and if the remark is disgraeeful I will withdraw it. I should be sorry to offend anyone I did not intend to do so. In fact I promised a good many people when I came into the Council that I would try and behave myself, and it seems I have failed. - (Laughter.) But I do not fear at all if I do what is right. I shall speak fearlessly—as fearlessly as Council- , ler Roberts doeS. I don't care a fig what anyone thinks. If I think I am doing right I shall do it, and I think this is the wrong time to remove the wall. (Hear, hear.) Alderman PLATT Faid the question had been pretty well thrashed out; and after the remarks and facts which had been put before the Council by Councillor Roberts he did not think anyone coted have much difficulty in making up his mind what to do. There was a very special reason why they should be careful not to incur expense. No one present could say the wall could be removed without expense. They were now as a borough at a very critical period in their his- tory. Next year the Ship Canal would be opened, and manufecturers of various kinds who wished to establish works near the canal would in the course of the next 12 months, be looking out for the best spots. , Warrington had many advantages with regard to rail and water ways, and one of the first questions thet would he asked would be "What is the amount of the rates ?" The answer was" 6s. 4.d. in the £, and a pro- bability of an increase." Was not that a very serious matter for any manufacturer to face. (Rear, hear ) , Everything they could put eff to keep the rates within reason +hie limits for the next two or three years should I be put off. This moment of all others was chosen for an immature and badly thought out scheme. (" No, no ") Well, that was a matter of opinion. Fie did not object to the wall coming down at the propnr time, and tuhnoduear h tp rooupt e sec hceomn de t i oin e, y )huat the o fporcetsse nh et rwo raes tahem d al ys to the cost. The last time the matter was discussed, £BOO was mentioned as a very moderate estimate for the work—not for paving the street, but for taking down the a WI. Alderman 11.sithisoN.—Oh, no, Mr. Platt, you are wrong. Alderman PeAre.—l am open to correction, but I be- lieve that amount was mentioned as a moderate sem. Then there is the Making of the street. We cannot do these things without money, and we must be careful not to take anything in hand that is not absolutely neces- sary. (Hear, hear.) Councillor Hurcisiescier supported the passing of the minutes. Alderman FRANCOMB said he should have much plea- sure in supporting the proposition that the wall be taken down. (Rear, hear.) With regard to what had been mentioned by Alderman Platt in regard to the Ship Canal, they knew that if the manufacturers came to Warrington they would not want to pay 6s. 4d. in the £ rates, hut it so happened that not one inch of the Ship Canal was in the borough, and whatever the rates were those on the banks of the Ship Canal would not be affected by the rates. No one who wanted to build works would come within the borough if the Shin Canal had anything to do with bringing them here. (Councillor Roberts: " What about the extension ? ") The borough might be extended to the canal some day, but if the Cor- peraticin acted as they did before, and give the people in the extended area relief from the extended rates, by the time that relief should have expired there was no doubt that the rates on the banks of the canal would be as near as possible equal to the rates of the borough, because they hoped in a very few years that the rates of War- rineton would be very much reduced. Alderman HARRISON said they had been treated that night to a repetition of the statements made ten or twelve years ago, and almost precisely by the same per- sons as had spoken tlsat night, Councillor ROBERTS: May I be allowed to say that I wasnot in the Council ten or twelve years ago. Alderman HARRISON : But you are not everybody. (Loud laughter.) Councillor R. T. FAIRCLOUGH I was not in the Coun- cil. Councillor liseeman : But you are not everybody. (Renewed laughter.) Alderman FIARRIsOW : A considerable number of gentlemen now here were in the Council at the time. Councillor ROBERTS: 1 do not think so. Alderman HArtiosoer : No matter what you think. (Laughter.) Councillor ROBERTS Will Mr Harrison name a gentle- man who opposed this who Was in the Council ten years ago? There was not one. Alderman FRANCOMB : Yes, yes, Alderman Platt. Councillor ROBERTS : Well, he is the only nne. Alderman HIREISON (continuing) said that he would only carry them so far back as the Jubilee year, when they assembled in that roorn in large numbers to con- sider how the money should be spent,that was being col- lected for the purpose of the celebration. The most popu- lar thing that they were asked to consider was the pul- ling down of the Town Hill wall, and it was carried by the almost unanimous vote of those present. It was only afterwards, when people thought it was a work that ought to be undertaken be the authorities, that they be- gan to fight shy of it,and they very properly came to the conclusion that it should he paid for out of the rst,s,and not out of a special fund that was collected for an entirely different purpose. (Hear, hear.) When the hall was first built there was neither wall nor palisading. The land projected into the , street, and there were simply pillars and chains. similar to those now lining the approaches to the bulid- ing. Mr. Patten, who lived there at that time, wag annoyed by mischievous boys getting on the chains and

clambering up the post-:, arid conducting themselves in a disorderly manner. The police commissioners, seeing how he was etnnnyed, said if he would allow them they would build a wal He assented, and the wall was built. If they w ere to do nothing else but knock down that distasteful wall and place pillars and chains in its stead they would effect an enormous improvement— (hear,hear)—and the people of Warrington would appre- ciate that improvement, and would feel grateful to the Corporation for having carried it out. (Hear, hear.) It was depriving the people of their just rights, for the space in front of the Town Hall was a recreation ground, and the Corporation had most improperly taken it away from the people. If they carried out what was proposed a most interesting place would become most charming. He was satisfied that there was somethiag more in the background than appeared on the surface that occa- sioned the obstruction to the project. It was a dirty,low, political feeling. (Great uproar and cries of " With- draw.") Councillor BOLTON said there was very little in the eloquence that had been put forth against the proposal, and nearly every speaker had different opinions a,)d looked at the matter throught different spectacles. The spectacles which Mr. Davies looked through were not worth taking notice of—(laughter)— and in reference to other matters the remarks of Coun- cilor IL T. Fairclough were not worth answering. (Laughter.) Mr. Longton's ideas of building materials were very crude, and he was surprised that with regaid to the cost some of the speakers had such poor memories as to forget that they had had an estimate from Mr. Collin to do work for £2O. He had the Borough Sur- veyor's intimation that the whole cost would not exceed £250. (Hear, hear,) Councillor Roberts ought to knew what was the cost of tiles per square yard, and he could not understand how that gentleman brought the cost up to £2,000. He contended that the wall, if al- lowed to stand, would cost more for repairing than for demolishing. The amendment and the original resolution were then put to the meeting. For the amendment the following voted : Councillors Roberts Councillors Davies R. T. Fairclough /I Plumpton 11 • Shaw Green „ Garner „ Longton „ Flood-8

For the resolution : Alderman Francomb Councillors Smethurst „ Harrison „ Shillcock Sutton ~ Muir „ Wright „ Bennett Ashton i „ Shaw Conncillors Greening „ Hutchinson It Jas. Fairclough ~ Heaton ~ Hill ~ ilepherd Canuell I „ Bolton-18 Alderman I"Lerr left the room before the voting took place. —

===== 0002601_18931209_art0024.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IMMIN

===== 0002601_18931209_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
DIARICRTS COMMITTBE.

Ihe minutes we"r;"Zl--a formal character, and were passed on the motion of the MAYOR, seconded by Coun- cillor HUTCHINSON.

THE FAIR AT ROWLEY. Cmincillor R. T. FAIRCLOUGH complained that annoy. ance was causeed by the fair being held at Howley. The MAYOR: If it is an annoyance it shall be re. medied.

THE CONDITION OF THE MARKET. Alderman Surron said he wished to call attention to the undesirable condition of the market. The MAYOR : It is not on the minutes. Alderman Surron made an attempt to proceed, but his voice was drowned amidst cries of" Chair," and during the clamour that prevailed the minutes of the committee were passed, on the proposition of the MAYOR. Alderman SUTTON : I submit to the decision, but I shall give notice to move a resolution on the subject. OAS COMMITTEE. At a meeting of the above committee, it was resolved that a new main be laid over the new bridge across the Mersey at Walton, and that the plan of the boundary between the property of the Corporation and the London and North-Western Railway Company at Longford be agreed to, and that the Town Clerk be authorized to sign the plan on behalf of the Corporation. Councillor BEPHERD moved the confirmation of the minutes, and stated that they had had to purchase coal outside the contracts owing to the strike, but they had been able to tide over the difficulty without increasing the price of gas. They should be able just to make ends meet, although the loss by the coal strike had amounted to nearly four figures. At the same time, he did not think the Finance Committee could expect to receive much at the end of the year towards the rates. Councillor R. T. Faincionau seconded thE confirma- tion of the minutes, and pointed out that were it not for the cannel t the purchase of which objection was taken •it the time, there would not only be an increase in the price of gas, but the town would have been in darkness. It happened that an accident occurred at the colliery in South Wales from where they bought their clal, which caused the colliery to stop, and consequently the supply of coal also. The minutes were confirmed. RIVERS COMMITTEE.—THE SNIP CANAL AND

WARRINGTON. At a meeting of the above committee the Town Clerk reported that he had submitted ta the Ship Canal Coin. pany an agreement embodying the terms proposed by the Corporation for the carrying out of the works at or near Warrington. The minutes were confirmed, on the motion of Councillor R. T. FaincLorton, seconded by Councillor BOLTON.

FIRE ENGINE COMMITTEE. At a meeting held on the 27th of November the com- mittee reported that the new steam fire engine "Cap- tain " had been received, and that it had been tested and had given every satisfaction.—A further resolution stated that Sergeant Dodd had been appointed second engineer of the brigade. The minutes were confirmed, on the motion of Coun- cillor HurcHiNsoN, seconded by Councillor SMETHURST. WATER COMMITTEE. At a meeting of tins cotnmittee Mr. Ross was in- structed to proceed with the laying of new mains in the streets now being repaired by the Paving and Sewerage Committee, and be was also instructed to lay water mains over the new bridge now being constructed by the Ship Canal Company over the river at Walton.—lt was further resolved that the committee agree to the fixing of a pump in the subways at Twenty Step Bridge for the purpose of keeping the subways dry, and that the pipes in the subway at the same bridge be examined by Mr. Ross, and that he be requested to report thereon. Mr. Ross was also instructed to report as to t position and duties of the men in the employ of the department. The minutes were confirmed, on the motion of Alder- man FRANCOMB, seconded by Alderman WRIGHT. Alderman Fear/coma. in reply to questions, said the Ship Canal Company were compelled by Act of Parlia- ment to keep tile Sub-way at Twenty-step Bridge,Stock- ton Heath,dry for all time. That morning the committee had received an undertaking from Mr. Leader Williams that the thing would be put right at once. GENERAL PURPOSES COMMITTEE. At a meeting of the above committee, the following gentlemen were appointed to act as a Parliamentary Committee.:—The Mayor, Aldermen Francomb, Black- hurst, Holmes, Platt, Sutton, and Wright, and Council- lors R. T. Fairclough, Shaw-Green,Heaton,and Heplierd —rhe following were appointed a sub-committee, to report as to the most appropriate places to be secured by the Corporation for the purpose of forming open spaces : —The Mayor Aldermen Holmes, Platt, and Wright,and Councillors H. T. Fairclough • (convenor), Heaton and Robert.—lt was resolved that Herbert W. Longdin be appointed assistant in the surveyor's department, at a salary of Ll per week ; and that a clerk be appointed in the same department, at a salary of I.os. per week. The minutes were confirmed, on the motion of the MAYOR, seconded by Alderman FRANCOMR. TRH PARLIAMENTARY COMMITTEE. Councillor GREENING asked that Councillor Roberts should be added to the Parliamentary Committee. The MAYOR suggested that Councillor Greening should bring the matter before the General Purposes Commit- tee. The Council then rose.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. R. B. Finlay, Q,C., ex-M.P., is getting a large share of the practise formerly enjoyed by L )rd Justice Davey.

There is a begging lett,q writer named William Mar- tin possessed of a prolific family or a generons imagina- tion. For six months, says the Vicar of Kensington, this gentleman has teen writing for the loan of two pounds ten shillings "for the funeral of his child, who has each day since June died of diphtheria." For the same period he has been in difficulties for want of fifteen pounds for rent and twelve ponnds ten shillings for brokers. His creditors and his children are too accom- modating. This is a martin that no one can sw3llOlV. RAPID CURES of Severe Cough and Asthma by Dr. I,O2oCR'S Pulmonio Wafers.—From Idr.Harrison, 265, Glossop road, Sheffi.ld,—" Many customers lu.ve expressed them- selves highly grat'fied with the beneficial results of Dr. LoooCk's Wwers in Asthma, Coughs, Ac. I was myself I troubled with a sevre cough, and was completely cured by a few Wafers," They instantly ielleve and rapidly cuie Asthma. Consumption, Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis. Rhea- matlsm, and all Nervous complaints. and taste pleasantly, I Sold by all druggists at Is. lid. and 2s. 9d, per box. 5 CHRISTMAS CARDS AND SCRAPS.—Frorn Mr. W. T. Pain, ef Hastings, we have received a parcel cf Christmas cards and a parcel ot scraps, as samples of what lie is now sending out in accordance with particulars adver- tised. Most cheap made up packages of cards, &c., ate very unsatisfactory, but we must admit that those men- tioned above are by far the best we have seen for the money. As the advertisement fully particularizes them, it is only requisite to add that Purchasers need have no fear as to getting their money's worth, and being very well pleased with it. The Royal Laundresses say Critchley's " STARCH GUM is unequalled for Imparting a heautlfnl finish to starched Inca, Sc., either cold or boiling water starch, Mr. —, Corn- wall, says :—" My wife will not finish our linen without your " Starch Gloss." From Mrs.—, Bradford "Dear sit.— I am pleased to Inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Bold at Id., 3d., and Bd., by most starch sellets. If not in stock will procure R. T. Carroatirv, Blackburn, Pioprieter.—Ada.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
A PLYMOUTH MIRACLE.

A LIFE SAVED IN THE £0 F.

INTERVIEW WITH THE DISTRICT SECRETARY. (From the " Weekly Mercury," Plymouth.)

In the centre of the busiest thoroughfare in Plymouth —The Union-street that joins the Three Towns of Ply- mouth, Davenport, and Stonehouse—is a fin e open space, surrounded by business premises, call( d the Octagon. And incontestably the handsomest building in the place is the Foresters' Hall, a comparatively new erection, where the local business of that vast provident society is transacted. Upon the ground floor, to the left of the entrance, is the secretary's office, and it was here that a representative of the " Weekly Mercury" found the abject of his special visit to the establish- ment.

Mr. J. W. Northey is the General Secretary of the Devon andCoriawall District of the Ancient Order of Forreaters. As soon as the reporter presented his card and Mr. Northey, the secretary, under stood the nature of the business, he left everything else to conduct the inquirer to his private apartments at the top of the building. Mr. Northey was in high spirits,, and any father I would be whose daughter had just* recovered, as if by miraculous means, from an illness which seemed likely to be fatal. The facts of the case may be;briefly stated I thus :

Mies Northey, for a considerable ,time had been very ill. She suffered from weakness, less of flesh and gen- eral debility, and, to use her own words, often felt so miserable that she would like to die. This state of things lasted for months. Several doctors treated her, but they seemed to do her no good. She gave them up. Just then her father who was in a terrible condition of despairing grief, happened to see a notice relating to a wonderful remedy, which purported to have saved people from the death that seemed likely to overtake his daughter. Be read the account of what Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People had done, was convinced of the uselessness of going any further with the prescrip- tions that the doctors had given her, and resolved to make a trial of the Pills. Miss Northey had been obliged to give up work of every description some time before, had no appetite, and was gradually wasting away. Anything was better than a continuance of that, and Mr. Northey at once set off for some of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, which the girl commenced to take. She had not finished one box before she was conscious of great improvement. She took seven boxes in all, and by then had recovered her former appearance of health, her strength had returned, the feeling of enervation was gone, and she could eat her food as heartily as before she was taken ill.

Mr. Northey made the reporter the possessor of this information before the latter proceeded to interview the victim herself.

As they ascended the handsome staircase, Mr.Northey asked,—

" Rave you ever suffered from influenza, I mean the real thing, --Ia grippe ?" Then you know how horribly weak an attack of that sort loaves a man ! It is a bit awkward for a busy secretary to be unable to walk across the room. Now, I had a touch of influenza. and, do what I would, I could not get rid of the effects of it. But when I saw what good Dr. Williams' Pink Pills had done my daughter,l thought they might do me good too. I took the contents of one box, and the result was marvellous, lam in better health now than I have been for two years before."

"Well, you are looking fairly robust," was the res- ponse. Mr. Northev led the way into a neatly furnished sitt- ing room, with a number of engravings upon the walls. It was nut long before Miss Northey was ushered into the room. When one has been informed that a girl has been suffering four months from an insidious illness which has reduced her to a skeleton and made her wish to die, he does not expect to see a young lady with a charming colour and a sprightly manner enter the room. So that the reporter was constrained to ask, " Is this the right daughter, Mr. Northey ?"

" Oh, yes, this is the one," said that gentleman, smil- ing. "Does not look much like a skeleton now,does she? "My dear, this gentleman has come to ask you about the benefit that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have afforded you.,,

"Oh !" replied Miss Northey, " if that is the case, all I can do is to praise them beyond any in edicine I ever heard of. It it had not been for them I hardly know where I should have been now. Certainly I should not have been in fit condition to receive visitGrs. 'She does not look like a dying girl now, does she?" asked Mr. Northey again. He seemed so delighted with the cure that had been effected that he was full of the comparison between his daughter's condition then and a few weeks pieviously. "You should have seen her a month cr five weeks ago," said ho; "you would not have known her for the same person."

" What was your complaint, Miss Northey " inquired the reporter. "Well, I may say that I was suffering from several complaints, and was generally much debilitated. I had indigestion, and I was so weak that I could hardly move. I was tired of everything and everybody ; I felt every morning as if I had no desire to live through the day." "Then your father saw Dr. Williams' Pink Pills ad- vertised ?"

"Yes, and he ordered some of them. That was a good day's work for me, indeed." "Did you feel any improvement rapidly?" "Yea. It was marvellous; long before one box had been exhausted I was much better. Four days after I commenced to take them I said they had done me more good than all the medicine I had taken previously." . . . .

" And you had taken a good deal ?" "Yes. Several doctors had me in hand from time to time since we came to Plymouth, but in my opinion neither of them understood the cause or the nature of my illness. All they could say was that I was suffering from general weakness, and that they could not curo me. They said they might be able to prop me up for a time, but that was all." "And that was not what you wanted ? "

"No, I wanted to be cured. I wanted to recover the old sense of freedom and strength,—the old colour and the old appetite. It was not till I took Dr. Williams' Pink Pills that I lost the sense of danger. Then, as I told you just now, I had not been taking them a week before hope returned. I continued to use them, and that is why I can talk to you like this now. I can recommend Dr. Williams' Pink Pills to anyone who suffers as you have suffered P'

"Yea. I shall rcommend them to everybody I know. They are simply wonderful." Then the reporter took his leave, and the last words he heard from Mr. Northey as he went into the street , were : " They are a wonderful medicine." Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People are recognised as one of the greatest modern medicines, a perfect blood builder and nerve restorer, curing such diseases as Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Partial Paralysis, Locomotor Ataxy, St. Vitus' Dance, Nervous Headache, Nervous Prostration, and the tired feeling resulting therefrom, diseases depending upon Humours in the Blood, such as Scrofula, Chronic Erysipelas, etc. Dr. tVilliams' Pink Pills re3tore pale and sallow complexions to the glow of health, and are a specific for all the troubles peculiar to the female sex, while in the case of men they effect a radical cure in all cases arising from mental worry, over work, or excesses of whatever nature.

The pills are manufactured by Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, of 46, 'Holborn Viaduct, London, E.C. (and of Brockville, Canada), and are sold only in boxes bear- ing the firm's tradpmark and wrapper at 2s. 91. a box, or six boxes for 13s. 91. A descriptive pamphlet :sen t free by post on application. Bear in mind that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People are never sold in bulk, or by the dozen or hundred, arid any dealer who offers substitutes in this form is trying to defraud you, and should be avoided. Ask your dealer for Dr.Willlarns' Pink Pills for Pale People, and refuse all imitations and substitutes. . .

Dr. Williams' Pink Pills may ba had of all chemists, or direct by post from Dr. Williams' Medicine Company from the above address. The price at which these pills are sold make a course of treatment cornparstively in- expensive as compared with other remedies or medical treatment.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
It is not a dye

—the results- will be most momentous, and it is alike idle for capitalists to say they must have their profits whatever becomes of the miner, and for the miners to say they must have a certain amount of wages whatever becomes of the employer. Both would have to give way, and to face the consequen- ces of competition." I hold that we are drifting right on to socialism. It is for the able ones to mould it into shape.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
SOCIAL, POLITICAL AND LITERARY

NOTES.

There is unmistakeable evidence of a strong re- action in the Puritan life of our coentry, in favour of the theatre. The disregard and objection to stage plays hitherto is now being superseded by the wiser policy of exerting an influence for their re- form, and it cannot be doubted that such a course will have a good effect on the managers and direc- tors who are responsible for the stage productions of to-day. It would be idle to deny that there has been no cause for complaint in the past. The asso- ciations and surroundings of the theatre have not been of a character which co-opel the support of many good-minded people, but the change ot the palst few years shows a vast improvement in this resperct, and also what can be done, if a sound and healthy opinion is only cultivated.

It is also a pleasure and satisfaction to record an extended interest in the best works of the writers of English literature. This will greatly assist and I develop an appreciation of dramatic lepresentations of a higher class, which are now, we are glad to say, becoming frequent. The debasing influence of Italian comedy, which began with Machiavelli and Ariosto prior to the Elizabethan period, on English theatrical life, is now almost imperceptible, and ' there is reasonable ground for assuming that in the near future, the stage will be raised to such a stan- dard as will merit support from the most Puritan- nica . l amongst us. It questionable whether a sufficiently wide distinction is drawn between theatres and the more common music halls. The prevailing idea has been to consider them under one group, and consequently, the fierce denuncia- tions of ungenerous critics have been flung broad- cast at theatres and music halls alike, without even acknowledging a dividing line. The names are enough to indicate the type of amusement offered, and this we ought to recognize.

There has just been issued from the press a neat volume of sermons and addresses by the Rev. C. F'. Aked, of Liverpool, under the title of "Changing Creeds and Social Struggles." The book is very welcome breathing as it has a treshness and inspira- tion of which we are much in need. The vigorous tone of the writer and the fearless attitude he adopts in discussing such questions as" The Gospel for the day," and particularly "The 8.b1e," in addi- tion to the stirring addresses on social and labour questions under the heading of " A Crime against the Nation," and " Garth the son of Beowulph," , form a distinct contrast to the highly flavoured platitudes of many pulpit orators. To recommend all who are interested in social work to purchase the book is small praise; to read its pages and study its arguments will repay any person who is desirous of acquiring a knowledge of important topics, written in a manner that. will merit the approval of broadminded men every where.

Mr. Frederic Harrison, the Positivist leader, in lecturing in London on Sunday last, on " Industry as it should be," made out a very good case indeed in support of his particular gospel, from his own stand-point. He contended that Positivism was the only Utopia which wtnt to the root of our defective social system. Ile complained bitterly that selfish- ness in human nature was responsible for the chaos and y,overty in the world; and charges rich and poor alike, Collectivists and Socialists, employers and employes, with cultivating selfish desires, thereby frustrating any attempt to combat the present evils of our industrial system. But when Mr. Harrison reaches this point, lie becomes less certain In his dogmatising, and with vague sugges- tions as to the invaluableness of a religion which he terms "the religion of humanity," he leaves us to meditate on the possibilities of its successful application.

If Mr. Harrison had laid out his proposition for the regeneration of humanity with anything like mathematical exactness, it might have been of ser- vice to many poor afflicted souls. Instead, he de- nounces men of every class and creed, except his own, but ungenerously abstains from showing them how this spirit of selfishness may be eradicated. It may be that the Positivist philosophy explains how this can be done, but strugglers on in the sea ot life will derive cold comfort from being told that the cause of their own misery is within them,with- out an accompanying instruction as to the method of extermination to be adopted. To mildly suggest to drowning men the getting into a boat to save themselves, when they have neither the necessary power or assistance, is equivalent to Mr Harrison's denunciation of selfishness in human nature, with- out appending even the shadow of a remedy for its removal.

The Parish Councils Bill is making steady pro- gress in committee and under the excellent direc- torship of Mr. Fowler, it may be expected to justify our utmost expectations. It would appear, however, that many opinions are held as to what powers should be granted to such Councils; and doubts are already being expressed as to the genuineness of the approving words of Tory legis• lators. To possess Local Government with powers such as the Opposition would bestow, would not justify the time that's being spent on the measure, and the Government may be congratulated on their ' persisting in retaining the clauses which will make the Councils powerful and influential bodies. The question of public charities is not the least of many important matters that come under the Bill, and the compromise which has been arrived at, will en- able a majority of parish trustees to carry out the wishes of their local constituents.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL cIIuitcaEs—WAIMINGTON.

THE F.S.A. AT WYCLIFFE CHUM

A largely attended P.S.A. m-..ting was held in Wycliffe Church on Sunday afternoon. The chair was occupied by Mr. J. R. Voting who dslivere i a brief address on Thrift," a subject which he considered was not too well understood. It was one of the lessons to be learnt from the recent distress. He had come in contact with people who out of a small weekly wage, had saved suffi- ciently to keep them from asking relief during the three months they had been out of work, whilst utkers who had earned considerably more money were asking relief at the end of the first week. Dr. Waite, of Liverpool de- livered the address speaking on " Conscience," dealing with the weak conscience, the evil conscience and the good conscience. Dr. Waite also sang as a solo" The good shepherd." The orchestral band, under the con- ductorship of Mr. 1%. IT. Wallington, accompamed the singing during the service. The Rev. John Yonse, Messrs. F. Brown, and G. nargreaves also took pin in the service.

Ills Magnificence, to Rector of the Berlin Univarsity, t 5 n boin4 noarly needs a ne N mantl now two centuries old, and no longer fit Fr Court ceremonies. It cost one thousand marks, and the new one will he still more valuable, as its cast is calculated at two thousand four bundreu 11 Lrks.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
I? • 1 ic..,:et yowdera

DIVIC RABIC & Cual ORT DURING TERTHING. Pleah.:nt, Cooling Aperient for Children of all Aim. Try them and prove their value for youraelve4. Sold everywhere In paeketa, la. lid. end Zs. 9d., or lost free 14 or 34 stamps.

3. PRITCHARD. CHEMIST. CHEADLE, DIANCHESTER (lattehoillOa Read..

===== 0002601_18931209_art0032.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- •

' - 7

===== 0002601_18931209_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
LABOR TROUBLES.

BY MR. H. WHITHAII.

I see from my ?apes this day that peace once more reigns amongst the colliers. It has been a long struggle, and many a home must have become a thing a the past. I have watched it pretty closely as it has made its weary way through the weeks and months, and have often wondered what would be the outcome. One thing was clear, the land- owner, the colliery owner, the coal distributor, and the independent gentlemen of the Mr. John Peers pattern, would never go one meal short, or lose one hour of their summer's stroll over the mountains. But what of the manufacturers and the workmen? what of the colliers? One needs tu keep a pretty tight grip on the pen when writing of this matter, especially when one thinks of the remarks touch- ing the conduct of the colliers, and the advice ten- dered to the destitute by those whose bread and butter was assured. I know it is no use making these poor pitiful re- marks. No good will come of them. And yet, is there no lessen to be learned ? Shall we not gather something from the past? Does experience count for nothing? I think it is allowed all round that this,the great- est labor trouble the world has ever seen,has been, in its essence, a lock out, not a strike. Let us make a comparison here. Since last June there has existed here in the States the most serious commercial panic, America has ever seen. Thousands of work- men have been thrown idle. Hundreds of steam engines have been in the hands of mere caretakers. It like the one at which lam engaged, usually employing over 3,000 people, now employ lees than 1,000. What has been the cause? No one seems to know, or worse, everyone seems to know, and yet all differ! It is enough to say that I have never seen a solitary instance where the workman was blamed,unless it may be in the sense that at the last Presidential election he voted for the Democrats and a sort of qualified free trade,instead of voting for the Republicans and out and out protection of the McKinley type. Thus it is clear that the two most serious labour troubles of the 19th century have been brought about by the men of "light and leading," and not by the ignorant masses. Our trouble is on yet, and likely to be for some time; yours is over, I hope, and may be discussed. The reason why the reduc- tion in wages was insisted on appears to be that the demand for coal, such as is used, exceeds the supply which is furnished by an increased number of persons who are engaged in mining it. In five years there has been an increase of 129,335 persons in the collieries. It is reported that there has been an increase of 24 per cent, in the workers while the out-put has increased only 8 per cent. The price of coal has increased to such an extent that the general industries have in many cases found it impossible to carry on production successfully. If the present wages are paid colliers, trouble must follow in the industrial circles. Three features are here apparent, either reduce colliers' wages, or, reduce factory, and mill hands wages, or, declare the business men bankrupt at once. Poor Old England, what a fix she is in ! Let us pile on the agony yet a little more. Coals must come down in price because England does a large export business. How can the Indian market be kept? Native coal, though inferior,will force it out if present prices are maintained. Then as to China, with more coal than the whole of Europe, and cost- ing at present little more than se. a ton, and millions of people who would be glad to get six- pence a day of twelve or thirteen hours. Verily here are formidable competitors. What you have nearer home, in Germany, and Belgium is well- known and there are forces at work which if not watched, will make the wage question in which, a formidable one to grapple with. No single trade can hope to grapple with the wage question. Like the bundle of sticks we all rise or fall together, we are only strong in our unity, and right doing. I have before me a long statistical report showing that wages in Germany arein most districts steadily decreasing. ,The best class of artizans can barely earn .C 1 a week. In quite a number of the trades where the workmen have families to maintain. there is a large deficiency which has to be made up by the wife and children. To make the position more complicated, I should point out here, and it should be borne in mind, that the German railway system, and the methods of moving minerals, and paying royalties are all arranged with a view to help commerce, and not to injure it as in England. In Belgium the workmen are very sad Anar- chists. They are now contending that they have a right to vote the same as their employers. They are also presumptuous enough to ask for half a day's holiday on Sunday afternoon, very wrong, this. This is a little discursive, but I thought it might throw a little light on the subject. Now let us get back to the colliers. They re- fused arbitratien. They also refused to allow any one else to work in their places. Why should arbi- tration be accepted when their wages were already at the lowest subsistence point. It was not a Board of Arbitrators that was wanted. Poesibly a board of conciliation might have done good. These men have struggled hard for years to rise in the social scale. If anyone sneers and alludes to pianos and dog fights, the collier may point to the Ches- hire squire's cock fights and to the ten thousand and one wasteful and senseless pleasures of the rich. Don't *suppose for a moment that the Almighty looks only amongst the colliers for his angels. The collier and all of us workmen think with Mazzini who laid " untiring emphasis on the necessity of a standard of comfort which should set men free to think of higher things than how test to wage war against poverty and want." Yea we are getting ' tired, fearfully tired of this everlasting grind, and for these reasons the " scab " when becomes along must be helped to keep the pace rip until he gets out. of sight. The British worker has every thing against him, and he will have to go under unless.—well, unless he does something heroic. Germany's exports into British markets are increasing enormously ; British exports to markets hitherto held by the British merchant are steadily, year by year, decreasing. German workmen's wages are near fifty per cent lower than English workmen's wages. It is all there in a nut shell. Now what is to he done ? For years a few of us have kept pegging away at the royalty question, .hoping thereby to create a healthy and active opinion thereon. The coal traders of the kingdom have complained that high royalty rents and a high range of railway rates and charges prevent them from entering into competition with other countries to the extent that they would otherwise do. It was stated, and, I think by a gentleman connected with Pearson and Knowles Co., that individual firms dare not take this question up as they would most certainly be prejudiced when mak- ing bargains with coal owners, and railway com- panies. I urge that this question should cease right here being merely academic; it must become practi- cal. It will never become practical until you change the color of your members' politics, and show more common sense in the selection of your local law makers. I suppose some one will say I have no right to interfere. It is no use saying this, as I said a few weeks ago, this globe of ours is shrinking wonder- fully. A few weeks ago coal was sent from America to England. True, it was the wrong sort, but we can send the right sort. It is cheaper to take goods lacross the ocean than it is to cart them through the streets only a few yards, We are sending ship loads of hay, because your farms are of no use. The question is worth a little of the working-man's thought. It is worth while fighting this long and bitter fights about a United Kingdom that cannot suppert its population. It is time trades unions took a more active part in educating their mem- bers on all matters. Wages are affected more by indirect than by direct causes. Causes remote and unseen produce sudden results. Fifty years an influences were at work in Ireland that are to-day producing the direct results. I have no hesitation at all in saying that quite a number of the opponents to the Ilome Rule Bill welcome it as a something over which they can fight, and thus keep the people's attention away from matters of vastly more importance to working men. More than this I believe that had Gladstone carried his miiasure, these people would have Bought out a pretext for war. This will certainly follow the passing of the measure unless the people get more united, and then the sorry spectacle will be seen of men shedding each other's blood to preserve what don't belong to them—the land. What is before England is apparent to all thinking men, and I cermet eon- elude with stronger words than the following of Mr. Leonard Courtney, M.P., "It is conceivable. that in the course of commercial rivalry between this and other nations, our supremacy in the pro- duction of coal may have to pass away from Eng- land, just as supremacy in the production of tin has passed away from Cornwall. If this is to be the ) case—and the production of coal is now less pro- gressive end inclining towards the stationary state

===== 0002601_18931209_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
MRS. S. A. ALLEN'S WORLD'S

HAIR RESTORER.

Quickly changes gray r

faded hair to its natural

colour. A perfect hair dresm-

ing, delicately perfumed.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt Craminer" Otritt

01 LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAP nits Comprises rr BE Warrington and Arid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- Wiled ey,-ry Saturday morning. TEIE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St, Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Saturday morning ; and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday morning.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. coming under the following heads are inserted in ALL the above-mentioned Papers for ONE CHARLIE, as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTINERSIIIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED, MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET' OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 64 Its above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisen ent inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
/Botnactu Oerbants, Scr.

WANTED, a GENERAL SERVANT, age from l 6 to 18. Apply at 71, Caroline-street. Wigan.

MISS HUDSON'S High-class Registry. Plain cooks and generals wanted daily.—l9.lrlant-st., Warrington.

OUSEMAID WAITRIISS Wanted.—Apply Mrs, Loom- * DIGTOY, Summerhill Rouse School, Litherland. Liver- pool. '

WANTED at once, a respectable General SERVANT.— Apply at 142, St. Domingo-vale, Oakfield-roul Tiverton.

WINTER. STRONG GIRL for housework, fonct of chit- dren.—Apply Mrs WOR IHINGTOIY, Grocer, Oak-st, Tyldesley.

WANTED, Good GENERAL SIIIIVANT. one able to wash and iron.—Apply Bucx's HEAD INN, Abram, new Wigan.

WANTED, a respectable GIRL (about 15) to assist In bousework.—Apply Mrs. MORE/Lt. 56, Bewsey-road, Warrington.

GOOD GENEIZAL WANTED, for small famtly,qulet home for trustworthy 01.1.-103, Rain'lton.road, Longsight, . .

Manchester.

Pro- VT at once good MINMIAL SEHVANT, tet preterred.—Apply to Mrs. MYNEKYME, 45, Standletigate, Wi4an.

WANTED. a respectable GIRL. to assist another servant Wages £l2 a year.—Apply WILSON, Holland House, Radcliffe. near Manchester.

WANTFD, SITUATION as Butler or thorough Indoor Servant ; age 34, height ov-r 61t. ; long references.— VAlromaN, Ma vern House, Malvern.

VWAMID), btrong GENERAL, about ZO, able to wash; small family. State wages.—DitawEyr. Dentist. Caoriton-cum-fiardy, Manchester.

SUPERIOK PERSON WANTS PLACE as housekeeper Nu-se to inv4lirl, or any position of trust.-11rs. WILSON 31, Hill-4., South Shore, Blackpool.

WANTED SITUATION as Gardener (slnglehanded), age 28 practictl experience inside and out, highly recom- mended W. T.,BROoKLANDB, Halifax.

CIENERAL SERVANT WANTED IMMEDIATELY, C Ah• Ur mgA 25 to 30, cook, WASII, references.—Mite ULLO- TIDDENR, St. John's, Alton, Staffordshire.

000 KS, Honsemalds, Generals ; all Misses of servants con-tantlyapplied for. Call or write to Mrs. Bax-rt 11. 45. Chatham-st , Pye Bank, Sheffield.

IAT ANTED EX.EEIENCED GENERAL, about 25 goad refer noes. w.ges ns. comfortable borne. —rdrs. litwt, 3, Atkinson street. Ruuslet, Leeds.

lATANTHD, a eharp GlItL about 13. as servaut, 14 ith re- ference, good wages.—Apply LONDON HOUSE DRAPER, 680, Oldham-roarl, Newton Heath, Manchester.

WANTBD, a SITUATION as good Cook, temporary, or by day; good references; age 29; w .gps £4; no washlng.—Address MARY MARTIN, 110 COrllbrOOk-St.,, Cborl- ton-road, Man htster.

WANTED, a thnr..ughly trustwov thy and capable GENERAL SERVANT; must be strong and active and an early riser ; wages £l4, washing and beer money ; good character in.li.kpensible.—Ear fort er partieulars apply to Mrs. RAVP NECILL, Wilcote House. %I is+cliffe. Shrewsbury.

ALX sud FEMALE NURSES INSTITUTION. TO. 151 llope-st., Liverpool. Hetet.. 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical. and Monthly Nurses. Massage, .pplv nr tegraph. Nurses." Liverpool. , elephone. 51C.

SAnartnirnts, jurnihrb Pouoes.Bzt

BLACK, 00L.— Palk Ilouse. Claremout Pk, facing the Sea. WINTER TARIFF an application.

poIiFORTABLI3 APARTMENTS for two or three willing vi,j to join.--Apply 39, Lovely Lane,lVarrington.

C OMFORTABLE LODGINGS for three ,wfonr respectable men.—. 14139 RUS.,ELL, 59, West-st., Winsrick-road, Warrington.

QOARBOHOUGH. GIBSON'S BOABDING HOUSE ; situated on the North Cliff, facing tho -oa ; magnificent View Of the bay. Private rooms if require I.

QM ALL furnished House TO LET, till Als,rcis next. Bituated hi Hornby-roart, Blackpool, every convenience. Terms ettoctemte.—Apply 53, Freckleton-st. Kirkham.

BPEAK THERMAL ESTABLISHMENT. The be Hydropathlc In the district. Mineral Wai e- and other Baths. Magnificent public rooms. Excellent (Whine. Table d'hote at separate tables.

iflarbtnem, &E., on /bale.

IRON FENCING, SHEEP and CATTLE HURDLES Don't be mlalesd by special advertised offers, but before buying write for our Illustrated Catalogue, free on applica- tion. BAYLISS JONES & B•YLISS, Iron Fencing manufac ',urers, Wolverhampton. London Office and Showrooms, 139 & 141, Cannon Street. London.

,Ql-11.P. Crossley's Horizontal GAS BNGINH for Site. 2 cheap.—Apply MEncflAT Ind CO.. Southport

CIARPIIT-HEATING MACHINES $ best ass& obeapi et in 4,..) the market; various sixes.—Oas, 44. Pitt-street, Edin- burgh.

AB-HORSI PORTABLIL ENGINE for sale or Mre.and ell kinds of machi: ery for sale.—JoaN BONSELL. Longford- street. Warrinut on.

100 MACHINE TOOLS, comprising LATHES, DRILLS, PLANERS, SHAPERS, ENGINES. f•TEA HAMMERS, MILLING MACHINES, PITNCHING and BENDING MACHINES, In., ready—For list apply Soorr !Mo., Halifax.

OFFERS WA.NTRD 'nra pair of Tandem Compound HORI- ZONTAL ENGINES, two high pressure cylinders, 17t in. diameter. two low pr same cylinders. 34.1 in. diameter, 6ft. &trol, e ; fly epur wheel. 18ft ' diameter. 140 cogs. 4141. pitch.l7lin. arn si tooth; pinion 6ft 2.n. diamete , 49 cogs ; Saxon's out-oft ; Indbate over 850 h.p. May be sr,en at Lime Mill, Hollingwood. near Manchester.

Jr—IORBI92 BOILER, 25! t. by 6ft., with Galloway tubea.by ‘.../ Thomas nobinson and Sons, Limited, lio,thdale,with al fittings comn'ete ; in very goo 1 condition; insured by N4t onal Boiler lasumnce Compa •y, Limited, Manchester,at 651 b. pressure ; w0,.1d be at liberty in December. Can be soca working at It. G. TICKLE a SON'S, 37, Blackstock-street. Liverpool.

ST. GIiORGR'S IRONWORKS LIMITED (late Orm-tod, Grierson and Co. Limited), If ulme, Manchester, lave the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS, Milivinght. and all kinds of Engineeeing Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appll eatlon.—Telephone 229.

PATENT OFFICE: E. K. DUTTON AND CO, CHARTERED PAT-ENT AGENTS aerd CONSULTING ENGINEER-1,5 JOHN DA LTON-STREE r, MANCHESTER E. K. D. A Co. are Pr etical Engineers as well as Patent Law Experts end are therefore able to give reliable advice upon the Worklble As welt as the Patentable nature of an in- vention.

Circularrf Information sent gratis. rstablished 30 years. N. Telep',one 752. Telegrsms Dotm. Manchester.

PECK ETT AND- SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRI TOL. It aye in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylfnclers from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

OFFICE MANCHESTER, BBTABLISIIED IN 1835. ikessrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have had more than 40 years personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws.' price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, CM. & SON, F.1.P.A.. 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

pATENT

/li,C COUNT BOOKS RULED, PRINTED and Bound in any Style. LEDOERS, • DAY BOOKS,

JOURNALS,

CASH BOOKS, ORDER BOOKS, ;AT

"i .rt .1

tHE "BIAMI.BER ' WORKS, BEWSEY-ITREET,

===== 0002601_18931209_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
Ile4',',,ii ~ ~,:., ',4 ittz• ~

===== 0002601_18931209_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
kr,

===== 0002601_18931209_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
0J: watt.

A GENTS WANTED to push first-class Machinery Oils. IS Liberal Commission.—Eox 22. Post Office, Liverpool.

VOREIGN POSTAGE STAMPS. Old collection wanted. ..1: or old stamped envelopes. —J. L SCELL ES, Maellyalleth, Montimmeryabire.

NVANTED, all persons to know that JOSEPH PRITCAARD, jeweller, 51, High-at.. Runcorn. will send post free silver gents' Albert (any pattern) for ss, per oz.

AGENTS Wanted, 60 per cent. commission ; specimens free, manufacturers supplied.--Address BROOICMAN'S RUBBER STAMPS, Hand Court, Holborn. London.

TOBACCONISTS and those commencing should call or send for our Price List. Competition defied.—GOLDBERG', Paradise-st.. Liverpool. Established 1850.

'TOBACCONISTS commencing. Illd. Guide (post free.) It How to commence.—TollACCONl9TS. OUTFITTING CO., IE6 Huston-road. London. Manager, lIY. MYERS. Est. 1866.

PTO COAL DEALERS, BAKERS, Lurry 141 cwt.. Box Cart, Baker's Shandry, suitable to fix a van top on; also good station cab.—SPAN. Friar's Green, Warrington.

SPECIAL ATTENTION paid to Neatness and Elegance i PROSPECTUSES, I ROGRAMMES, an. THE " EXAMINER" STEAM PRINTING WORKS BEWSIY 8 MEET. WAILUI.:4IO3

I. 19s. 6D.

BEESWAX, guaranteed pure, 2s. 61. per lb., carriage free. —FELL, Beekeeper, Newby Bridge. Ulverston.

'TOMB WORK ; and 10s. to 153. R week. Sample. List, 1 and Instructions, 7 stamps.—Las, 26, Regent-road, Morecambe.

rIAPITAL Market Hatel and Busy Dining Rooms, with 1...) beer license free, the best paying concern in the town.- 58, Westgate. Bradford

(SALE, MANURE WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works and Y Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to T. ROSKING, 16, Fenwick-Street, Liverpool.

pIIEUMATISM. sciatica, and sore throat. Genuine receipe for embrocstiots, 6 stamps:TA. Roscisos, 19, Manor-rd., Colchester.

II of valuable EMBROCATION for sprains, bruises, t, rheumatism aches or pains, 18.—RUDMAN. 3, St. M&r- Faret-st., Bradford, Wiits.

FRETWORK MATERIALS CHEAP. direct from Imparter. Illustrated price ik free to intending purchasers.— PA M ETZ, Amati.nr's Tooleries, Birmingham,

I WILL send my Wonderful RECIPE for Curing RHEU- MATICS, made for a few pence, never known to fail, for six stamps.—P. HENBERT. 60. Call-lane, Leeds.

JOHN LOWE, Fire and Thief-proof SAFE MAKER, has ON tJ SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chu'bb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. —3B. Albert-street. King-street West. Manchester.

THE THE EXAMINER WORKS, BEWSEY-STREBT, WARRINGTON.

AUCTIONEERS CATALOGUES, PLACARDS, ae• LAW FORAIS.AND SOLICITORS' GENERAL PRINTING With &gum, A:curacy, anti Dearatch,

101

haltsb ribatt Ertatp.

Ogg, Voltan), &t.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
011NA2ILNIS, &43.

" -

XI II

===== 0002601_18931209_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
Contrarts.

46EXAMINER" STEAM PRINTING WORKS BEwsBY STRIOLT, WAURINGTON.

TAPER RULED TO ANY PATTERN

-A CHOICE ASSORTMENT OF MODERN TYPE.

gPalts bp glutton.

By Mr. WILLIAM ELLIS.

By MR. THOMAS SUTTON.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAhRINGTON EXAMINER.

GENERAL PRINTING W ORKS,

BRWSEY-STREET. WARRINGTON.

MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALTY. MAMMOTH POSTERS. LARGE TYPE MAMMOTH POSTERS. FOR MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKING MAMMOTH POSTERS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced in the Country. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH posnuts. A SPECIALTY.

ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL CLASSES OF WORK MAMMOTH POSTERS ; A SPECIALITY.

(EXAMINER " STEAU PRINTING WORKS

BSIVoIa

Co bt Let.

PLEASANT COTTAGH to be let, Rent 5a., Rey No. 27, Hoyle-atreet, Beweey-road Warrington.

PENKETH. HOUSE, with garden ; also several cottages.— Apply Mr. ROBERT LOWE. estate agent, Market Gate Chambers, Warrington. T°

BUILDIN'i LAND TO LET, in Wargrave-road, 'lsar the Vulcan Found•y.—App'y T. BEESLEY, architect, 2, Bridge st , Earlestown, or at Bold-st., Warrington.

WELCOME ALWAYS, KEEP IT HANDY,

GRANT'S MORELLA

CHERRY BRANDY, Have you ever hated this delicious liqueur, which is made from the famous Xent Morellos ? QUERN'S QUALITY for general use. SPORTSMAN'S QUALITY for xercise in the opon, air, SOLD IiVRItYWHE RR. Ask for GRANT'S. aradon't be put off with inferior makes,

THOS. 37.41. n AND SOYS, RAWs.l7l.:tir.l.

HIGHEST HONOURS.

•

LIPTON'S

DELICIOUS TEAS

===== 0002601_18931209_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE GAINED

THE HIORE3T AND ONLY AWARD

IN THE BRITISH. SECTION

AT THR

WORLD'S FAIR, CHICAGO.

These famous Teas are to be had at all Lipton's BranClS.

and Agents.

NOTE THE PRICES :

RICH, PURE, ANP

FRAGRANT

PER 1/. & 1/4 LB. THE FINEST THE WORLD' CAN PRODUCE AT

PER 1/7 LB.

NO HIGHER PRICE.

LIPTON,

TEA AND COFFEE PLANTSB' CEYLON. Ceylon Tea and Coffde Shipping Warehouses Maddema Mills. Ginn imun Garden, Colonlb°' Ceylon Offices : Upper Onatham Street, Colomb°. Indian Tea Shipping Warehouses and Export storeB liar., Street. Strand Calcutta. Indian Offieef,,,' Dalhousie Square,Calcatta. General Offices : - _

STREET. CITY ROAD, London, E.C•

Branches and Agencies throughout the World.

DM SCOTT'S PILLS

Cure Headache aud Sickness. Cure Indigestion. Cure Flatulence Red Hearthur Cure all 1311ious Affections,

DR. SCOTT'S BILIOUS AND LIVER Are wrapped in a square green package. bear' name of the proprietor, W. LAMBERT 173, Seymour London, W.. loy post for 14 or 34 stamps.

tiP Mr. Chamber- THE deputation which waited Ltin and the on Mr. CHAMBERLAIN at the heg;; Unemployed, fling of the week on behalf of t' u r unemployed will find little either to encourage console them in the remarks of the leader of ti; Liberal Unionists. There was once a time 17,11e0 Mr. CuAm:sEnt,Airr was profuse in his expressL%t of sympathy with those who seem to be ide3%,l trodden underneath in the pressure of our system. He was, it will bi remembered, coqa poudingly severe in his remarks against thosi, jeT/ do not toil and spin. But that was" in n2Y P;t11 cal days," as Mr. CHAMBERLAIN has yell 9;'the put it himself. He now seems to be one most enthusiastic, as he is certainly one o-of ablest and adroitest, defenders of the privilege° et the very elm against whom he was wont to 1010, his most pointed shafts. The case of the nee vi-iil. ployed—of the thousands of men who are neiop ingly idle,and whose families are freque°tl,3loJ,. the verge of starvation, deserves, and,. jeurwee ' demands,, the most serious consideration 191,-.,,t leading politicians of the country. It is in Pfe ,degree, a case for statesmanship, and Mot I°r' of party. In fact before Mr. 011A14,„-Srd LAIN had spoken,many people might have yell'oe .the opinion that there was no scope for Ore° most ingenious partisan to attempt to Make PC:gir cal capital out of the question. But Mr.ooSit le ,LALNI solved that problem in his own way. it is the case of the crofters over 5i971001 Most people who take an interest in Pelitilqr., events will remember that a few, years agcl'e 'el 'CHAM'BERLAIN constituted himself the 01)1,-clioct champion of the Scotch crofters. He made of perambulation of parts of Scotland, liste!'eas.ifir all the grievances that were poured into 1'19,3- •of made suggestions and acted generally as kiPapo senii: royal personage who had only to 001' be .that redress should he given for redressrvell I made. No doubt Mr. CRAM RBBLAIN intOndeU,Do by the crofters, and anticipated at that OW: be ;great political power would, in a short till_',„ within his grasp. But there was a sudden ue:r opment in the Irish question, and Mr. Clal4/3;oot Lam found himself at variance with the g-oe majority of the Liberal paitv. Then oseleftors elections upon Home Rile, and the 09,-,00. grievously disappointed their we Pe'or After all the fine sentimeu ts that the great g,.°:eso man from Birmingham had expended u Pon a—or the Highland colliers still adhered to DV' STONE and returned' Home Rulers to. rePr—or. them in Parliament. From then till BOlirrdt CHAMBERLAIN has had little to say for the cra— pot and their cause. Because the crofters lie—hate chosen to throw in their lot with the Birretiolc brigade, Mr. CIWIDERLAIN did not seem t° tbe them worthy of any further notice.. it is same narrow party—not to say persousl-44-00- in which he approaches the question of the tirl,bot ployed. Hesympathiises with them, of courecoe ho hurries on to suggest that they should b for those wha are politically opposed to 0;00, the distressful condition they are in• ;5,1 tto all, he has the singular audacity to dras action of the Government and the London C.'111041 Council with regard to". betterment" as of censure upon them. We should think there is one cause above another which is resVero sible for the non-employment of large 1111113 of of men . it is the unjust privilegenrie" landowners against which the botterrnen ciple is directed. The fact that land-ownere, 11:,; L,iL C. 'll5

===== 0002601_18931209_art0044.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Off

===== 0002601_18931209_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
'appropriate so large a part of the benefits of public improvements, tends to discourage the mak- ing of those improve.ments, just as the same fact largely accounts for the poor cultivation of land in many parts of England, and the consequent depopulation of rural districts. That Mr. CHAMBERLAIN could use such an argument as that alluded to on such an occasion, is a pretty , clear proof that he is now prepared to go to great , lengths in support of a class by whom he was cor- dially detested a few years ago.

THAT old bone of contention The Park Wall. "the Town Hall wall "was again thrown down in the -Warrington Council Chamber on Tuesday evening. The Town Hall, Park and Baths Committee proposed " that the wall in front of the Town Hull and the Recrea- tion Ground be taken down and set back to make Sankey-street sixty feet in width." Similar pro- Posals have been before the Council on former occasions and have been rejected; on Tuesday night the Conimittee fared better, for their sug- gestion was adopted by eighteen votes to eight. It will be seen from our report that the debate on the subject was of a lively character. In the Council, as in the town, the division of opinion as to the advisability of taking down the wall is very 'narked. That division is not upon political lines, though an ill-advised attempt to make it appear ao was made by Alderman HARRISON. As a mat- ter of fact, although the majority consisted of Conservatives, the amendment for the rejection of the proposal was moved by a Conservative, Gum- 'oilier R. T. FAIRCLOUGH, and was supported by two Other Conservatives,Councillors DAVIES and LONG- TON. There is, in fact, no need to impute political motives to those who are opposed to this fresh expenditure of public money. There are several other reasons to account for their action. In the first place, many people are of opinion that the Pulling down of the wall would not be an im- provement but the reverse. To people holding that opinion, the spending of several hundreds of Pounds upon the scheme, with the rates already l_tt a high fig Ore, must seem a flagrant waste of ratepayers' money. And, surely, they are entitled to take that view without being accused of" dirty 10ar, political feeling." Then, again, there are nianY ethers who, while disposed to concede that the wall might be removed with advantage are strongly convin cod that there is other public Work which demands precedence of this, and that until the borough finances have been placed ,upon a better footing no work should be under- taken that is not absolutely necessary. As Coun- Oilier SRAW-GREEN very appositely pointed out, although the rates are six shillings and four- Pence in the pound—high e,ough in all conscience the Payment of a sum equal to another four- Pence in the pound will have to be provided for ' nezt Year. The replacing of the present Park Wall, if it is to be carried out next year, will mean the adding of another penny or twopence to the feurpence mentioned by Councillor SHAW-GREEN. This is a prospect which, we believe, will not be relished by the ratepayers of the town. The ques- tion will have to again come before the Council, when the Committee proposes a definite scheme, and it is not at all unlikely that, by that time, there will be such a revulsion of fooling that the majority of the Council will be on the other side.

The THE member for Warrington, Mr. , Member 4urWarrin.ton. ROBERT PIERPOINT, seems dis- posed to assert himself in Parlia- laent to a mrich greater extent than did his 15redecessor. Mr. PIERPOINT has already spoken °II two or three occasions, and we are informed in the newspapers that he rather wittily capped one of Sir WILLIAM HARCOURT'S little jokes, amidst the "loud laughter " of the legislators on both "es of the House. At least we take it for granted that ho is the Mr. PIERPOINT mentioned, although the Liverpool Tory organ describes him a staid, middle-aged ri n d somewhat grave ,umordst." By the way, Mr. Pinaromr seems to ttave been greatly annoyed by the letter of a corres- Pendent which appeared in the" Examiner" and . ell Other local parlor last week. The letter had l'eference to his donations to the local relief fund, seemed to impugn his generosity in that di- ?"ction• For our own part we freely confess that we :egret that a letter which could be interpreted in „_uct h a sense appeared in our columns. We do , know to what extent Mr. PIERPOINT has glven.to the distress fund, and, apart from the clnestion whether ho has given little or much, a 118 charitable givings are not to be assessed by Ilge amounts which are placed against his name in full atlbeeription list. While claiming a right to y and frankly discuss the public action of pub- t: trnhen' We have no desire or intention to resort , e personal insinuations which are sometimes "'Y too freely used to damage political opponents.

WE rep& rt this week an interest- An .4stensive Tour eating interview which a, represen with - tative of the " Examiner" has had p. , W. MONKS. Mr. MONKS has made a ;617 extensive tour since he left Warrington in nhilltlarY last. He has been in Egypt, in India, in i." 13, and Japan, besides, other countries in the coair East, and he has visited our Antipodean ye °flies in Australia, and on his way home he tra- mraed the United States. It is evident that Mr. has had an observant eye, and that he some vivid impressions of the strange and resting Llein • scenes and peoples he has visited. S , fumself so closely identified with the iron dgenu.stry, Mr. MONKS has naturally given a good o,al of attention to commercial matters ; and his Orervations in regard to these matters will be interest to many of his fellow townsmen. 011 e of the disadvantages of his pro- ,.,inged tour to Mr. Monks is the fact that it has disqualified him from retaining his 4t in the Town Council. As he has been absent trlore than six months from the Town Council 1,78 seat for Whitecross Ward has thereby become ,ant• But this little inconvenience will be 4-'u'elcly removed. Mr. MoNxs will be re-nominated nd, as the Conservatives have decided not to offer hirn „ a -11 Y oPposition, lie will doubtless be returaed gain within a few days.

Art a • A SNIP CANAL ACCIDENT, aaldent occurred on the 61iip Canal at Acton purge, on Tuesday, by which a workman was sealre,rl seriously injured. It seems that some log fell on him, while he was at work, in- Late— serious injuries. Ile was conveyed to the bturd Hospital for treatment. thari.'„t HonsEnot.n LINEN, hemmed end marked, free of se.—J. an I W. DurroN. Saukev-et.—.Adue. " ON THE HEAD wan A BIT OF A TWIG." j the Occasional Court on Tuesday, before Mr. catizr e 8 Tinsley, and Mr. Edward Greenall, Andy Or„nfl and Patrick Carney, farm lab-iurers, Acton I:4,;inge, were charged with assaulting Patrick the P 3 oU Saturday. A dieturbance arose between the —en, and, as one of the prisoners expressed it. 1/143;1" hit him on the head with a bits of a twig.' An ad was severely cut and bled profusely.—A e f 20s.Lincludiug costs was inflicted. . ,

===== 0002601_18931209_art0046.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
in

-

===== 0002601_18931209_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

WIDNES FREE LIBRARY COMMITTEE. Mr. H. Wade-Deacon, J. P., C.C., has been appointed chairman and Mr. F. Neil vice-chairman of this commit- tee. The subject of providing a branch library at Fara- worth was referred to a sub-committe.e. Over 6,000 delicious loaves sold every week at COLLIER'S. —Advt. GREENWAY ROAD BOARD SCMOOL, RUNCORN. From an advertisment in another column it will be seen that the annual entertainment will be given in the Public Dal!, on Monday, December lilth. Mrs. Tomicin- son,of Withington Hall, will distribute the prizes to the successful scholars. When in want of a CHASTE and ELEGANT WEDDING Or BIRTHDAY PRESiNT go GO PRITCHARD'S, 51. iligh-street. Advt. WIDNES DISTRESS FUND. In aid of this fund an Association football match between tradesmen and police took place on Thursday afternoon, and resulted in a victory for the tradesmen by 3to 1. In the evening a torchlight procession was held, headed by the Indian Brass Band from the Theatre and collections were made in the streets. For sweet. white, home made bread,try COLLIER'S. Advt

THE WIDNES WOUNDING CASE. Before Alderman Timmis at Widnes Police Court on Monday, Patrick Muldoon, of Bryan-St., was brought up on remand charged with causing grevious bodily harm to his wife Anne,on the 25th of November.—Dr. Allen in- formed his Worship that the woman was still confined to her bed and would not be fit to appear for at least another week.—The prisoner was remanded until Mon- day next. DF.LICIOUS CRISP CRUST round COLLIER'S bread.-4d.4. THE TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. The Technical Instruction Comini ttee recommend that the tender of Messrs. A. and H. Hulse, Winston', for the erection of a Technical Institute for £2,950. be accepted. In proposing the adoption of the minute, Mr, Wiswall said the original cstimate of the Board was £3,000, and the tender was very close to it. Since the 'last meeting of the Board there had been a meeting of the Hybrid Committee with a view of raising funds towards the building. Jos Mtn PRITCHARD, 51, High-street, Runcorn, keeps SPECTACLES to suit all sights, from a shilling a pair.—.Adat. TRANSFER OF LICENS ES AT RUNCORN. On Monday at Runcorn Petty Sessions, the transfer of the following licenses was granted :—Fleetwoo4 Arms, Church-street, from Martha Oats, to Alfred Chaplain ; Bridge Inn, from Jas. Woods to George Riley : Crimea Tavern, Regent-street, from James Ward, t) Richard Marshall ; Queen's Head, High-street, from John Bent, to Andrew Walker ; Fox Tavern, Aleock-street, for Mar- garet Clarke, to Samuel Randles ; and Friendship Tavern Fryer-street, from Thomas Philips, to Thomas Finegan. PURE IRISH BUTTER. is. per lb., at COLLIER'F.—Adrt. ACCIDENT IN THE RIVER WEAVER. On Saturday night, the Salt Union Steamer Lord Dolamere, ran into and sank the Mudhopper Alice above the Weston Marsh turn bridge on the river Weaver. The hopper belongs to the Ship Canal Company and was !men with 160 tons of mud. By some means the hopper had slipped her mevings and drifted across the waterway. The river was blocked, but Mr. Saner, the engineer, and Mr. Yarwood, foreman, with a gang of men the obstruc- tion was removed by Monday afternoon. JOSEPH PRITCHARD, Watchmaker and Jeweller, 51, Illgh- st., Ituncorn.—ildvt. ROBBING A RUNCORN FRUITERER. At Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday, four boys named Chas. Mercer, Joseph Faulkner, Joseph Shaw, and Chas. Ashbrook, pleaded guilty to sti aling 100 oranges, Bibs. of grapes, and one rabbit, belonging to Ellen Morris, fruiterer and fish dealer, Mill-st., and Run- corn Market. Shaw who had previously received six etrekes with the birch rod,was now ordered to receive 12 strokes and his companions six strokes each. . COLLIER'S, W. IE4O, Bake I Collier's are always baking.—A4.l BALE OF WORE AT RUNCORN. In aid of the Home and Foreign Missions and the beautifying of Holy Trinity Church, the annual sale of work was held in the school on Thursday afternoon. Mr. S. Taylor, chairman of the Board of Commissioners, performed the opening ceremony, and in the course of a short address expressed his admiration of missionary work, which he laid was worthy oh sincere and substan- tial support. The sale then proceeded, and during the evening various entertainments were given. Go to PRITCHARD'S, 51. High-et., Runcorn, for the best FIvE GUINEA WATCH a working man can have. Advt. ILLEGAL REMOVALL OF FURNITURE AT RUNCORN. At Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday, William Helsby was summoned by Thomas Moore, of Regent-street, for illegally removing goods. The defendant rented a house ,at 3s. per week from the complainant. He was 153. in arrears and during the night of the 29th November he removed goods worth £3. Helsby knew that Moore intended to distrain. Defendant said he had been out of work 13 weeks, and he intended to pay the rent when he got employment. The articles were not paid for and I Ihe was afraid of them being taken away. A fine of £1 and costs 9s. 6d. was imposed. BVERYTHING Is sold for smallest profit at Coma Ea's,92,Greea- way-rd.,Halton-rd.,Bgerton-st., Bridge st.6,Church-st.—Adt4. A ST. HELENS MAN IN TROUBLE AT WIDNES. On Thursday morning, at the Widnes Petty Sessions, before Mr. E. Mather and Alderman Timmis, a labourer, named James Sheridan, belonging to St. Helens, was brought up under a warrant, charged with deserting his wife and two children at Windie, on the 19th August. Mr. Stewart, the relieving officer, said the cost to the guardians had been £6 12e. The prisoner had been in work since the middle of September at Muspratt's works Flint, earning on an average 153. 6d. per week. He was arrested in Flint on Monday.— fire bench committed the prisoner to gaol for one month with hard labour. PRITCHARD'S have now stood the test for fiftv yeirs. and quality and fu-at class workmanship aro still guaranteed. Advt. BURNING FATALITY AT RUNCORN. On Tuesday evening, Mr. J. E. sS orsley' coroner, held an inquest on the body of Ellen Emmaßilbin, aged 3 years 10 months, daughter of Arthur Bilbin, journeyman coppersmith, of 13, South Bank-terrace, Runcorn, who died from burns on Saturday. On November 18th the deceased and three other children were leit in the sitting room, while the mother went into the scullery for water to bath them. Mrs. Bilbin hearing screams rail back, and found Ellen with her clothing on fire.—She tore the clothing off and sent for Dr. Mackenzie, who attended her up to her death. The doctor gave a certificate that death " was due to exhaustion "consequent upon hernia It was stated that the deceased commenced to fan the fire with her apron, which became ignited. A verdict of "Accidental death was returned. HARTLEY'S DAMSONS 21b. for 6d. at COLLIER'S.—Arist. FUNERAL OF AN OLD RUNCORN RESIDENT. The remains of the late Mr. John Clucas, who died on Thursday at his residence, Leinster-street, Runcorn, aged 74, were interred at the Runcorn Cemetery on Sun- day afternoon, in the presence of a large number of relatives and friends. The funeral service was conducted by the Rev. S. M. Casley, and the chief mourners were Mr. J. Clucas and Mr. William Clucas (sons), Mr. J. Ward and Mr. S. Ward (sens-in-law) Mr. William Clucas I (brother),and Mr. R. Edwards (brother-in-law). Amongst the general mourners present were Messrs. J. Littler and J. Johnson (engineers), J. Bower and E. Peck (foreman shipwrights), S. Ravenscroft, J. Davies, William Cringle, J. Crregory T. Bowyer, J. R. Joynson, and numerous members Of the Runcorn branch of the Amalgamated Shipwrights' Association. For 37 years the deceased held the post of foreman shipwright under the Bridge- water TrUStPCS and Navigation Company. He was also a prominent member of the Ellesmere-street Free Metho- dist Church, and took a deep interest in the weltare of the church and school. Numerous wreaths were sent as a mark of respect and esteem. you want your WATCH HIPAIRED by skilled workmen take it to PRITCITARD'S. - Adtt. RUNCORN SONS OF TEMPERANCE. At the usual meeting of the above-named Society, on Saturday evening, under the presidency of Mr. Thomas J. Holt, a paper was read by Mr. Daniel Bisbrown on "Moral Courage." The writer said he was not going to speak of the courage displayed on the battlefield, but that which was shown in the conflicts and temptation of everyday life. He held that this was a higher type of heroism, and it was to be daily seen in the humbler walks of life. They were not to conform to custom, when conscience said that those customs were wrong. It was very easy to float with the stream, but effort was needed to be loyal to conviction. Men with a principle must dare to stand alone. The path of goodness was not t made easy. They had need to offer the schoolboy's prayer scratched on the desk "0 God help me to fear none but Thee." If they studied the history of every martyr and reformer in all ages they found that the spirit that lived in them made them strong and true. Not a day passed, which did not give them a chance to display the heroic spirit of these men. There was a dis- cussion in which the following members took part: Messrs. George S. Sutton, W. R. Ltttler, and Thomas Cooke. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Bisbrown for hie paper.

2s. TO ss. IN THE 2, OFF on all cash orders at R. W. MARSH'S, Furniture W ‘rehouse, Bridge-Foot, Warrington. —See fuller advt., page 4. —Advt.

TEMPERANCE MEETING. The monthly meeting of the local branch of the Church of England Temperance Society was held in the National Schools, Church-street, on Monday evening. There was a small attendance. The Rector, who occupie4l the chair, said there were large attendances at the previous series of meetings. Then there were attractions, and he thought at the time.that more came for pleasure than for good. The Rector gave a reading fi om a book by Sir Robert Ball, after which Miss McCarthy sang "Molly Bawn," and Miss Ridgway gave a selection on the piano. Mr. E. J. Parr, Liverpool, was then introduced, and delivered an able lecture, lie spoke strongly of the evils of intemperance, and said that the only way one could be quite safe was to "leave strung drink alone." Mr. Parr interspersed his address with several short and well-told stories.

SOAKING RAIN PROOF OVERCOATS, yet porous. 555., C. JACKSON HOLMES, Oeneral Outfitter. Market Gate, Warring- t. ORFORD HARRIERS. On Saturday the Orford harriers visited Earles- town to keep their engagement with the Merles- town harriers. The latter club have been very successful this season, having defeated Herwich, Leigh,llighfield, and Bolton Haugh clubs in succes- sion. This engagement on Saturday was the first one the Orford men have taken part in,and it was, therefore, no mean task they tackled, as with a weakened team (through influenza) and the fact of Souch, of Salford Harriers, the northern cross country champion, being found in the ranks of the Earlestown runners, the chance of victory seemed almost hopeless. Notwithstanding these drawbacks, however, the Warrington men ran splendidly, and managed to obtain a victory by three points; a very small margin indeed, but very satisfactory taking everything into consideration. Souch, of course, was an easy first : ORFORD. EARLESTOWN. d HinchthEe ............... 3 C South J Whitfield .................. 5 B May 2 W Price ........................ 6 J It, lance J Barlow 7 J Wightman 9 3W Mather F Woods lO J Jenkinson

--9 Total 3 Tot II 42 AVERY'S ScaLta.—Agent GARLAND. Bridge-street, War- rington. SERIOUS FIRE AT CROFT. Shortly before midnight on Monday, what re- sulted in a destructive lire broke out at the farm buildings ef Mr. Thomas Sanderson, Smith Brow, Croft. About ten o'clock an inspection of the farm buildings and outhothes was made as usual and everything appeared safe. The fire was detected at about 11-45, however,Police Constable Callaghan, who is stationed at Crott, ran to the farmhouse of Mr. E. W. Sankey, who, through the National Tele- phone Company, is in communication with the Leigh police Station. The L'igh fire Brigade was telephoned for, and the men promptly turned out and proceeded to the fire with the engine and appli- ances. The fire spread rapidly before the arrival of the brigade, and the glare attracted a large crowd of people. The brigade made every effort to stem the progress of the fire, and in a hour or so had accomplished this, but not before a great damage had been done. Fortunately the cattle and horses were rescued, and the brigade was instrumental in saving the farmhouse from the flames, which by their efforts, assisted by the police and many willing helpers, were confined to the barns and other out- buildings. The fire was not completely got under until about seven o'clock on Tuesday morning. The damage is roughly estimated at .£l,OOO which is covered by insurance.

- LAMPS.-3. S. GARLAND, Ironmonger, Warrington and Earlestown. TEE ALLEGED FALSE IMPRISONMENT CASE.—A JURYMAN'S GRIEVANCE. The case at the Warrington County Court, in which Mr. Wood of Asliton-in-Makerfield sues Mr. Caldwell of Warrington' for alleged false imprison- ment on the occasion of an action in the Warring- ton Borough Court over a case of horse dealing, should have been celled for its adjourned hearing on Thursday. Mr. Mulholland of Liverpool, who is retained for the prosecution telegraphed on Wed- nesday that he Would not be able to attend. At the last hearing, although he consented to the adjourn- ment to Thursday, he said that he was not sure that he could attend, and promised to give intima- tion to the registrar in case he could not. This he did, but the jury, and witnesses, of which there is a great number, were not aware of this, aud were in attendance at the court. The judge on hearing the circumstances of the case, adjourned the hear- ing until next Thursday. This gave great dissatis- faction to the jury, and one of them (Mr. Brown) said that he could not attend next week, and thought that the jurors were badly treated. The re- gistrar (Mr. Nicholson) replied that, they could apply to the judge, but subject to that a2plical ion, they would have to attend or be liable to a penalty It was no doubt very inconyenient.—Mr. Davies, who instructed Mr. t 1 ul hol land ~ c„,,ided the jury that Mr. Mulholland said that tic could not promise to attend.---Mr. Brown asked why the jury could not have bee] informed the vrevious day. Mr. Nicholson replied that being a jury case, it could not be adjourned until the judge was present. —Mr. Brown said that he did not, th i 11K it worth 'while to apply to the judge, but he repeceil that they were tniuly treated.—The jurors then left the Court, • , • Ataris :tars tato siovo

===== 0002601_18931209_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, _ SATURDAY, DECEMBER 9. 1893. I RUN CORN BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS.

THE IVAHRINGTON SUNDAY SCHOOL UNION.

WIDNES CHESS CLUB. On Thursday evening st the Liverpool Central Club, Widnes were defeated by seven to two, with one un- finished game left to Mr. Kaizer of Liverpool Club for adjudication. Messrs. W. F. Marks and E. Peters were the winners for Widnes.

A meeting of Nonconformist Sunday,• school officers and teachers was held in the Primitive Methodist schoolroom, Legh-st. on Wednesday evening. Mr. Joseph 'Tito hat occupied the chair. The rules drawn up by a committee appointed, for the formation of a local Sunday School Union were submitted, and after some discussion, they were adopted. A future meting was fixed for the appoint ment of officers.

BPLENDID NEW CURRANTS 2d. per lb. at COLLIER'S.—Adot. PRECIPITATED INTO A VITRIOL WELL AT WIDNES. Two men, named George Wright, Lowerhouse-lane, and Alfred Beesley, Derby-road, Farnworth, were ad- mitted into the Accident Hospital on Tuesday, suffering from scalds. Both men were employed at the Atlas Works, and were working on a plank, which suddenly broke, and they were precipitated into a vitro! well be- neath. They were quickly taken out and attended to by some of their fellow workmen, and subsequently con- veyed to the hospital, where Dr. Hutchinson 'dressed their injuries. These were found to be of a serious char- acter. Both patients are progressing satisfactorily. • • •

UMBRELLAS RE-COVERED —J. and W. DUTTON, Sankey-et., Warrlngton.—Advt.

DEATH OF A PADGATE INHABITANT. Mrs. Barnes, wife of Police-Sergeant Barnes, PlM- gate, died at her residence, the Police Station, on Sunday. She had been ailing fur some time, but her death was quite unexpected. On Saturday morning she became suddenly unconscious in which condition she remained to the end. Mrs. Barnes was highly respecteddier kindly and affectionate manner having gained for her a large circle of friends. The funeral took place at Christ Church, Padgate, on Thursday.

COLLIER'S use over ten tone of Flou- -every week.—A-drt. Sr. JOHN'S AMBULANCE ASSOCIATION,.RUNC)RN...

The annual meeting of Runcorn Branch was held in St. John's Schoolroom on Wednesday evening. Dr. McDougall presided.—Mr. W. Epps, secretary, reported that last session 71 certificates were gained, making a grand total of 224, since the branch was established. There was a balance in hand of £lO ss. 2d. The best thanks of the members were due to Dr. MacDougall for his voluntary and valuable services as lecturer.—The report was adopted and the Chairman strongly advo- cated the purchase of an ainhulance carnage, and the formation of an ambulance brigade. The following offi- cers were appointed :—President, Mr. Brundrit, J.P. ; vice-presidents, Sir R. M. Brooke, Bart.,Messrs. H. Rey- nolds, J.P., James Reynolds, J.P., G. Lloyd Wigg, J.P., James Handles', J.P., Speakman,J.F.,C.C., C. Hazele- hurst, J.P., C.C., and S. Taylor ; treasurer, Mr. Hender- son ; secretary, Mr. W. Epps ; assistant-secretary, Mr. Rhodes ; committe, P.S. Wooley, P.C. Benfield, P.C. Lee (to represent the police) ; Messrs. Clare, Rhodes, Bankes, D. SmitSP, J. D. Smith, Bushell, Pierpoint, and Ffoulkes ; auditors, Messrs. Shaw and Timperley. COLLIER'S 'DYERS are going night and day.—A dr t

NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED, if made at once at Mama's Furniture Warehouse, Bridge Foot, Warrington, —See fuller Adv., page 4.—Arirl. DEATH OF MR. T. H. CLEVELAND.

Many persons in Warrington will regret to hear of the death of Mr. Thomi.s henry Cleveland,which took place at Folkestone,at the house of his daugh- ter, Mrs. F. Rogers. Mr. Cleveland at one time editor of the now defunct " Evening Post," at Warrington, and had also held a similar position in connection with the "Guardian " and Evening News," Leicester, and the " Kendal and County News." lie suffered, for some time previous to his death, from cancer in the chest, and died on Satur- day last at the age of 57 years. his remains were interred in Folkestone cemetery on Thursday after- noon.

ALL HOUSEHOLD LINEY. hemmed an marked, free o charge —J. and W. Durrox. Bankev-8t t GOOD TEMPLARY AT LATCHFORD. - - -

The weekly session of the Bonehill Branch Lo Ige was held in the Temperance Hall, on .Nlonday even- ing, under the presidency of 13ro. L. Ellison, P.C.T. The minutes of last meeting were read and passed. The programme for the evening consisted of prayer, praise, and short addresses, which wss very appro- priate for the occasion. Bro. A. Ford, chief Temp- lar of the lodge and secretary of the Latchford Wes- leyan Sunday school, was reported sick. The com- mittee were ordered to visit, and the secretary to write a letter of condolence. Several hymns were sung,after which short addresses were given by the following :—Bros. A. Hampton, 11. Blease, E. Cliffe, H. Hampton, F. A. Jenkins, F. Thease, F. Lloyd, and J. Highley.

STOVEB.—GARLAND. Furnishing Ironmonger, Bridge-street, Warrington.

DEATH AND FUNERAL OF MRS. W. P. t.i KELTON.

It is with regret we announce the death of Sirs. Skelton, wife of Councillor W. P. Skelton, who died at her residence Great Sankey, at an early hour on Saturday morning, at the age of :35. She had been in a delicate state of health for some time, but though little hope was entertained of her recovery, her sudden demise caused much regret amongst a large circle of friends. The funeral took place on Tuesday afternoon, the ceremony being conducted by the Rev. E. S. Jackson, vicar of Great Sankey. The chief mourners were Councillor W. P. Skelton, Charles, Arthur, and William, sons, Mr. W. Skelton, Mr. John Skelton, and Mr. Charles Humphries. The employees of Messrs. W. P. and W. Skelton, Ltd., walked in procession to St. Mary's Church, and a good attendance of friends of the deceased were present to pay their last respects. A considerable number of floral tributes bad been sent.

THE' MERSEY EIGHTY YEARS AGO. The monthly meeting was held at the Town Hall, on Thursday. Mr. S. Taylor presided, and there were present .—Messrs. P. Speakman, IP., PROPOSED VEHICULAR BRIDGE AT C.C., R. lmison, W. Handley, F. Wiswall, J. RUNCORN. Once, J. W. Lightburn, J. Pritchard, W. Collier, W.. Hankinson, D. Bisbrown, .J. /teadowcroft, W. Leach, IL Abel, F. A. Lake (law clerk). E. Marshall (secretary), M. Barker (surveyor). , NEAL= OF um TOWN. The Medical Officer of Health (Dr. MacDougall) re- ported that the number.of deaths registered during the past month amounted to 36. Of this number 5 were due to natural decay,. 7 to pneumonia, 4 to diarrhoea, 4 to premature birth, 2 to bright's disea;e, 2 to convulsions 2 to bronchitis, snd one each to puerperal, blood poison- ing, apoplexy, diabetes, heart disease, erysipelas, coma, inflammation of windpipe, misenteric disease, scarletina and cancer. The 36 deaths showed an average death rate of 21.6 per 1,000 of the estimated population for the twelve months. Eleven of the deaths were infanta under twelve months, and 3 were under 2 years of age, and 3 were over 80 years of age.—ln reply to Mr. Light. burn, the Doctor said he considered the report very satisfactory.

A FORGOTTEN WARRINGTON PAMPHLET. We are indebted for the following highly inter- esting article to Mr. Wm. Handley, of Runcorn. For some time I had heard of a book being in existence, written more than fifty years ago, ad- vocating the building of a bridge across the Mersey at Runcorn Gap, and a few weeks ago I had the pleasure ot perusing an original copy. This copy found bound up with a number of pamphlets of local antiquarian intereat in the Liverpool Free Library, under number F 1661. It is entitled " A Letter to the Mayor of Liverr.mol, relative to a Bridge over the Mersey at Runcorn, by John Dumbell," and dated 1813. It is illustrated by a copper plate map, and issued at the price of 3s. The writer dates his pamphlet from Mersey Mills, Latchford, Warrington. Mr. Bombe)! takas up his pen in advocacy of a new and shorter way or main road to and from London and Liverpool than then existed, with two branch main roads from a point near Lower Whitley about eleven and a half miles distant from Runcorn, one branch road leading through Warrington and Pres- ton to the North and the other leading through Chester and North Wales to Bangor. Ilia proposal embraced two bridges over the Mersey, one at Latchford, where the river was at that time crossed by a ferry near How- ley Weir, and the other at Runcorn Gap, where there W. 5 a larger ferry. From the language used in the pamphlet. I should judge Mr. John Ditinbell to have been a man of sanguine temperament, to have seen WC° difficulty in overcom- ing adverse conditions and not very sparing in his esti- mate of those more cautious persons who chanced to differ from him. But as the extracts I made from the r•amptilet, and herein quoted, will reveal to some extent his plan and purpose, 1 will leave them to explain them- selves, merely remarking that his suggestions have in the main been long since accomplish( d facts, although not exactly in the way he indicated. At once thence to the quotations By the petition now before the House of Commons, you will see that a plan is offered to the legislature for establishing a fi,hery in the rivers Mersey, Irwell and Weaver, from whieh the public will derive much advan- tage by the protection of spawn and constant supply of fish, and the urofits of this extensive ty.dertaking are to be applied to build a bridge over time Mersey at Rune mrn and another at Wartington,and after,to the support of a General Infirmary near Warrington and of Chester and Liverpool Infirmaries. The situation at Runcorn is peculiarly formed by nature for a bridge by the con- traction of the width of the stream and the firm rock upon which the structure will be made. This spot, pointed out by nature as the situation for a bridge, has long been the subject of general con- templation. A Bridge at Runcorn will lead directly,and cowequently be the means of bringing the mail from London to Liverpool at six o'clock in the evening instead of twenty-five minutes past ten o'clock the following morning, and of obtaining as much time in its return ; as it may set off for London at nine o'clock in the morn- ing instead of 10 o'clock the preceding night." "A letter from London to Liverpool is thirty-six hours old before it is opened, whereas a letter from Bristol to Liverpool can i.e opened in fifteen hours. By the build- ing of a bridge at Runcorn Gap, letters can be delivered at Liverpool eight hours earlier even by the present mail coat:hos, and a bridge at this place is therefore the first step towards this great d‘-sideratum and the next step follows as .t thing of course ; the improvement of the roads to and from Runcorn." .

HIGHWAYS AND BUILDINGS COMMITTEE. This Committee recommended that instructions be given to the Surveyor to make provision in future speci- fications for private street works for the use of screens in connection with the dressing of fligs and that he try to arrange for the use of screens in respect of the exist- ing contracts. That a letter be sent to the L. and N.-W. Railway Company asking them to make better provision for the lighting of the approach and entrance to the Runcorn Railway Station. That the plan of the trustees of Sc. John's Presbyterian Church for the erection of a school chapel at the rear of Victoria-road and fronting York. street be approved subject to two closets being provided for boys, two for girls and two for infants in addition to the closet inside the building; also that the trustees be strongly urged to provide water carriage.— Mr. Wiswall moved the adoption of the minutes.—The Chairman said the railway company had replied to the communication stating the matter should have their attention, and more light provided.—The minutes were passed. • GIFT TO THE HOSPITAL. On the recommendation of the health Committee it was resolved that a letter bs sent to the Rev. Canon Wood. thanking him for the gift Df four invalid chairs to tke hospital.

WATER COMMITTEE. This Committee recominerided— that the tender of Messrs. H. Grey and Co., Liverpool, for the supply of Asbestos for the covering of the t:silers and cylinders at the Runcorn Pumping Station at 14s. 6d. per cwt. be ac- cepted ; that resolutions-No. 2,433 be amended by fixing the wage of Frdk.Haucock at 28. per wtek instead ci 255. Mr. Meadowcroft moved the adoption of the minutes and said the estimated cost of the asbestos was £lO. A far greater sum than that would be quickly saved.— Mr. Handley seconded.—Mr.Meaclowcroft said some two months, the question of the boiler at Halton pumping station was raised, and the committee had found that the boiler was not in a satisfactory condition. The boiler had been examined by competent inspectors and the committee had arrived at an approximate amount of. the cost of the necessary repairs and other sundry ex- penses. The Committee had decided to address a let- ter to the Waterworks Co., asking for the amount which the Committee considered they were entitled to,for plac• ing the boiler in the condition which, according to their agreement with the Company,they ought to have found R.—The Secretary road the resolution which allowed the amount asked for was £7O, including a sum for repairs to the boiler at Runcorn Heath, and the Committee re- commended that the amount be deducted from the amount owing to the Water Company for stock. lf the Company did not accede to this arrangement, the Board would proceed to appoint an arbitrator.—The minutes were passed.

" Your petitioner,therefore, humbly prays this honor- able house that leave may be given to bring in a Bill for incorporating certain persons therein to be named a Fishery Company with powers to raise such a joint stock as may be requisite by loan orothervrise and to apply the same to the purposes before mentioned under such rules, and regulations and restrictions in the said Bill,as ta this honourable house shall seem meet." As a necessary addendum to the petition is set out a draft prospectus containing the following financial proposal. The capital required was to he subscribed in 2,500 shares of the nominal value of £lOO each,yielding a total of £150,000. The amount payable on each share was strictly limited to its nominal value. Toe first call of 20s. per share to be paid on January Ist, 1814, future calls to be made at a rte of not more than 20, per share the maximum rate of interest being fixed at 7i per cent. though 5 per cent, only was to be paid for the first 12 months. No repayment of capital was to be made earlier than January Ist, 1819. Copies of both petition and prospectus were to be obtained from a large number of persons, specified amongst whom appear the names of, Mr. John Whitler, solicitor, Liverpool ; Mr. Fenn, Yarn- worth ; Mr. Davies, the White flart,Runcorn ; and John Dumbell, the secretary, Mersey Mills, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND SEEN AT

RUNCORN.

BY AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT.

Councillor O'Donnell, of Widnes, has given notice that at the next meeting of the Free Library Com- mittee he will move that the reading room of the Free Public Library shall be opened on Sundays. Public houses are open on Sundays, and Coun- cillor O'Donnell believes that the reading room will be an inducement to keep people out of those places.

The Town Clerk of Widnes acting under the in- structions of the Library Committee, is endeavour- ing to secure a course of Gilchrist L2ctures for the borough before the winter closes.

The agenda of Widnes Town Council meeting on Tuesday next, will contain a proposition to estab- lish a Borough Bench. Congratulations to Mr. Henry Linaker, of Runcorn, who passed his inter- mediate examination, at the recent examination held under the Incorporated Law Society. Mr. Linaker is the son of the late Mr. W. H. Linaker, who for many years was law adviser to the Board of Commissioners and many other public •bodies, and he is articled to his uncle, Mr. Arthur Linaker, solicitor, High-street, Runcorn.

Runcorn Moo! Board hav3 determined to in- crease the accommodation for girls, at Greenway- road school, by constructing an extra classroom. Places will thus be found for over eighty more children. But the boy's school is crowded to over- flowing ;,what is to be done here ?

Runcorn Musical Society will Rive the second concert of the reason, in the Drill Hall, on Wednes- day next. The work for performance is Handers " Samson," and that full justice may be done to the noble composition, Runcorn and Warrington Isocieties, are joining forces on this occasion, and there will be a chorus of 200 voices and a capable orchestral band. The principals are Miss Thudich um Madame Alice Bertenshaw, Mr. J. Gawthrop and Mr. Bantock Pierpoint. With these talented artistes and a powerful chorus, led by the baton of Mr. F. H. Crossley, a performance of the highest class may be anticipated, and those of the public who do not attend will be the losers.

There died at Runcorn on Wednesday the oldest member of the Runcorn circuit of the Primitive Methodist Church in the person of Mrs. Elizabeth Stubbs, of Regent-st. She had been a member of the church for no fewer than sixty years, and up to the last took great interest in the work of the de- nomination. In the summer she laid one of the memorial stones of the new school in Greenway- road. Mrs. Stubbs was 72 years of age.

The sixth of the series of Gilchrist Lectures, secured by Runcorn Free Library Committee, will be delivered in Runcorn Public flail cn Thursday evening next. Professor 11. 0. Seeley will deal with the interesting subject of volcanoes.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TECHNICAL INSTITUTE FOIL WIDNES. -- ..

In the Council Chamber of Town Hall, on Thursday at noon, Col. Charles IL Limn], R.'., an inspector of the Local Government Board, held an inquiry into the application by the Widnes Town Council for sanction to borrow £9,415 for the erec- tion of a Technical Institute and Free Public Library. There were present the Mayor (Alderman Gossage), Messrs. H. Wade Deacon, C.C., F. Neil, D. J. Brookes, 13. S. Oppenheim (town clerk), and T. Craik (assistant clerk). In supporting the application, the Town Clerk said the site for the building had been gener- ously given by the trbstees of the Leigh estate and was well situated. The total amount required to put up the building was £10,415, but the Corporation had received a grant of £l,OOO from the science and art department, reducing the amount, by that sum. The Corporation were at present conducting classes in higher and second grade subjects in Major Cross•st., but the accommoda- tion was very inadequate for the purpose. The present Library premises formed part of the Town Hall and had always been regarded as temporary. There were 5,807 books in the Library, the average daily issue was 190 and the daily average attend.ince in the reading-room was 517. The borrowing powers of the Corporation under the Public Health Act were £150,000, and the sure borrowed was £78,085, allowing a margit. of £74,015. The Corporation desired that the time for repayment should be extended for a period of 50 years. Times had been very hard in the borough and the rateable value of the town was not llkly to be elastic for some time to come. There was no objection, and the Inspector hav- ing examined the plans, the inquiry terminated.

ME. THOMAS R. RUSSELL INTERVIEVrED.—The Liver- pool " Review "of December 2nd contains a most inter- es, inc interview with Mr. Thomas R. Russell, of the \vat-known watch manufactury, Church-street, Liver- pool, and who has recently opened an establishment in Sankey-street, Warrington. It would appear from the ! interview that Mr. Russell is one of the most remark tble commercial men of tha day. Besides tieing one of the hardest working and most successful of comnaercial men, Lie holds some sanding in literary circles. In his younger days he contributed t•) Charles Diek-n's " All The Year Round," and since then has been more or less connected with journalism, being at the present time a writer for the daily press. Be passed his examinatirm as, solicitor, but commenced watch manufacturing at the death of 4 his father.s4Utu- i. ' • -- J

===== 0002601_18931209_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
HAWKERS AND THK MARKET.

The Market Cortimittee recommended that any person selling goods auhject to market tolls shall attend at the market for the purpose of paying the toll, to the Market Superintendent before offering any article for sale. Mr. Hankinson moved and Mr. Grice seconded the confirma- tion of the minutes. It was explained th it there was no intention to stop these people hawking but they must first attend at the market and pay the toll. Comments were made upon the hardship of causing the persons to carry their baskets to the market,and thon perhaps have to retrace their steps to Higher Runcorn.—After some discussion, the minutes were referred back to the Cella- mit tee for further consideration. " That it be represented to the Runcorn Improvement Commissioners that the amount required for ;he erec; ion of a Technical Institute will in all probability be forth- csming, and that the Commissioners be strongly urged to proceed forthwith with the building of the Institute." The meeting was a very successful one. A sum of about £l2O was promised them, a fact which argued well for the successful raising of the balance required to establish the building.—iffr. Handley seconded, and re- marked that the meeting of the Commissioners put the matter on a go-a-head footing, and it only needed a con- tinuation of that feeling to make the institute a com- plete success, and raise the money by voluntary sub- scriptions of those who would receive niot benefit from it. The Commirodonen would best inspire confidence by showing what they were prepared to do themselves. If the whole of the Commissioners would state what they 'would give, the ratepayers generally would not be slow to follow cult—Mr. Light burn had no doubt the money could be raised by voluntary subscription, and he hoped that the Commissioners and those who had not thought about the matter would make up their minds, and this would have a great influence upon the ratepayers ger-lo- nely. (Hear. hear.)—ln reply to Mr. Bisbrown, Mr. Wiswall said there were no tenders received from local contractors, and the proposed ten de r was the lowest.— The minute was unanimously passed.

- FINANCE. The Finance Committer rep•rrted that the receipts fur the month amounted to £444 0. 31. on general account, £l9l 14s. 51 on water account, and £1 Bs, 7d. on Library fund. The following accounts were passed for payment : general fund, £597 33. itt.; water account, £2426. 9.1. ; water loan account, £6945. 4.1.; private street works account, £551 15s. 7d. ; permanent works loan account, £35 123. 7d.—Mr. unison moved the adoption of the minutes.—Mr. J. W. Lightburn seconded, and in doing so made an important statement with res- pect to THE PORT OF RUNCORN. Ile said it would be well for the information of the Com- missioners and of the 'public that he should explain what had been going on in connection auth the changing of r the name and character of the Fort of Runcorn. Ile showed that the port commenced at the Cheshire aide at Ince, passed up the river, including Saltport, Weston Point, Runcorn and Latchford ; and on the Lancashire side from Dungeo:i Point, Hale Head, the landing-places ' at Dittrm, Widnes, Fiddler's Ferry, including Wai eng- , ton. Now in the Manchester Ship Canal Act the com- pany had powers to make the Port of Manchester include all business that WAS transacted in the canal. Ile wished it clearly to be understood that the Customs arrange- ment; were entirely in the hands of the Treasury, who had the absolute power to make arrangements with :ut consulting Runcorn at all, the town authority not bt ing in a position to say yes or no In order to support their case, a deputation went to London on November 13 and pleaded in favour of their rights On November 25 they were requested to meet the heads of the Customs de- partment, at Liverpool, to receive the decision of the Treasury. This was practically that all the Customs facilities should be retained ; that the clearing and re- porting of ships, the paying off and engaging of crews, the registration of vessels, and the bonded stores sheuld remain as before. ' They, however, could not see their way to Runcorn maintaining the name of port. The names of vessels could still appear as Mary of Runcorn, not Mary of Manchester, but the word port could Rot be inscribed. Therefore the 100 or 200 vessels would still carry the name of the town throughout the world. It was the intention to increase the Customs officers at Runcorn, so that it was evidently expected that more business would he done in that direction than before. 11e wished it to bo understood that the deputation re- ceived the greatest kindness from Mr. Williams, head of ' the Customs Department, Li verpool,who had given Run- corn every facility within his power. Runcorn would still retain all her rights and privileges, as well as an extended boundary, but she would lose the title of being a port. Mr. Lightburn was requested to present a written re- port so that it should be recorded and the minutes passed. THE PROPOSED BYELAWS. . . . _

The ChairmanZteTth-a-t-a: letter had been received from the contractors of the town asking the committee to receive a deputation as they objected to certain of the new building beelaws, and desired to point out the reasons. The conference WAS held on the previous day. The deputation pointed out a number of grievances they had respecting the byelaws. but the Commissionnrs present gave them to understand that the Local Gov- ernment Board would mot make any alteration in them. The Board had had only two courses open, namely, adopt them as they were, or drop. Their only remedy would be to apply to the Local Government Board. The deputation left with that understanding. Mr. Imison considered that under the excumstances the most effective way of discussing the subject was to requt st the Byelact s Committee to prepare a report of the conference which took place, and that it should con- tain a digest of the objections raised. He moved that Mich a course be adopted. Mr. Meadoweroft seconded the proposition. If the contractors had grievances they fihnuld ke submitted to the Board, and if the members were satisfied with the bylaws :lc they stood, then they should proceed with them. The motion was c irried an lit wag decided to hold a special meeting to consider the report.

B,ArGßATlON.—lntending ennzranti to New York, Boston Philadelphia, San Frau°itioo, (Jana., China, Japan, Aus lralla, or New INtl(tn(i. houl hike U Acts (lowest rates) at " Examiner " 0111!,,, American. Austntllan Oriental, and ct,her lines.—John Walker, agent,"Exarniner QffiQe,Bewsev-st., Wurlngt4Nn.-4drt. •

===== 0002601_18931209_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
--=

===== 0002601_18931209_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
MERLIN.

lIOW SCARLET FEVER Is SPREAD AT WARRINGTON.

'''•" • • •:'•* • vo, ••+: _

EEO

THINGS HEARD AND SEEN

AT WARRINGTON.

The poor juryman has had another example of the inexorable calls of justice at the IVarrington County Court, on Thursday, and truth to say, ex- pressions of annoyance used on that occasion were not without foundation. The case over which they sat in judgment came up for hearing about a month ago, and took the greater part of the day,and when the time for rising arrived, it had not been half heard, and it had accordingly to be adjourned until last Thursday. Mr. Mulholland, the oarriater en- gaged in the case for the prosecution was not quite certain that he could attend, but promised to send an intimation to the registrar in case he could not. This he appears to have done on Wednesday, but the jury were net informed, and after wasting a whole day a month ago, they wasted a morning I again on Thursday, and Were then told that the case would be adjourned for another week. The jury were naturally rather " riled "at this, and Mr. Brown, as their spokesman, gave utterance to their annoyance, but he was "imply told that unless the judge ordered otherwise, he would have to come, Or be under a penalty.

This is rather too hard upen the jury. Here were five business men who had already spent a day mad a half with the prospect of another day in ft court which is the reverse of comfortable. The time of five jurymen is surely as precious as that oh one barrister, be be ever so eminent,and should be taken into account, because all the jury get, are the thanks of the judge which do not go very far to reimburse them for the time they have lost Everything con- sidered, I sympathise most strongly with those five poor jurytnen.

One cause or another seems to be having an effect upon meetings in Warrington just now. The usual gathering of the Warringten Debating So- ciety should have been held in Sr. Atitin's Cham- bers on Tuesday evening,but at the time for a com- mencement only two membets had put in an ap- pearance. As matters did not improve much as time went on, the officers being ab-ent through sickness, it was finally decided to abandon tho meeting, and the essayist departed with his undelivered paper.

" Before a bridge is built at Runcorn no raedsal system of improvement can be made in the road to and from Liverpoql and London, but when this bridge is agreed upon, we get two fixed objects, a point to set out from and a point to aim at; these two points would naturally be the Dome of St. Petits hnd the Liverpool Town Hall, but the river Mersey interposes in such a way as to dictate that the Castle Rock of Rencern must be substituted for the Livereeol Town Hall and not ()illy the works of nature, but these of art are peculiarly favourable for drawing a straight line from London to Runcorn in preference. to any other place as such a line would fall over a large rirtion c f the present Mail Coach road to Liverpool, viz., through Stony Stratford, 'Few- rester, Daventree, Ounchurch, and Newcastle-under- Lyme ; it consequently follows that a bridge at Runcorn offers the greatest advantages of leading not only the attention of mankind at present but that of future ages." Mr. Dumbell then gees on to compare the proposed new road as a kind of Roman road, urges Liverpool, throueh its chief magistrate, to emulate the ancient Romans by _undertaking the initiative in the grand work, lie points out that the then mail coach road to Londe was 206 miles long, that his proposal would reduce this by 27 miles, thus: Liverpool to Runcorn, 113/4 miles ; Runcorn to Junction Point, near Lower Whitley, 113/4 miles ; from Junction Point to London, 156 miles ; total, 179 ; and that this saving of 27 miles would reduce the time of convevine the malls by the present coaches by neslit hours af their average rate of speed. ele,however, advocated their abolition, to a great extent, for expresd delivery, as he would establish a system of carrying the mails on hersebeckewhich he maintained would be from their greater speed a protection from robbery and a train- ing for t lie cavalry. His plan consisted in the mails be- ing. carried by 13 relays of horsemen in the first 158 miles, that they would thus change every hour after covering the distance by a hand gallop of twelve miles an hour ; that from the junction point other relays of horsemen should be in waiting to take and convey the mails to Warrineten, Freston, and the north on the one hand, Chester and Bangor on the other ; to Runcorn on the direct route to Liverpool, and thence by the last change to Liverpool itself. The mail by this scheme • I would be delivered in fifteen hours. The exact plan on which he proposed to build the Bridge, Mr Dumbell does not positively indicate, but after describing the pier bridges of the Theines and other rivers, he unhesitatingly expresses his belief that a pler bridge would be both unsuitable and dangerous if placed across Runcorn Gap and gives in support of his opinion : ' The width of the river at Runcorn Gap at high water is 412 yards and 294 yards at low water, the deep being wholly on the Cheshire aide, with a shelving rock on the Lancashire shore. The tide runs with such iii. peuosity throueli the gap that I shall be afraid that the Vessels could not obey their rudders if the bridge were constructed with piers." Ile concludes his pamphlet with the prediction " That a bridge will be built at Runs corn r cannot entertain the most remote doubt, the ac- cent enclosure of Delamere Forest, is now alone sufficient .demand one, nothing can prevent a bridge being built at Runcorn but the decay of commerce." As a necessary appendix he gives the text of the peti- tion which of itself possesses great interest as showing another aspect of the Mersey than can well he belietrad or understood by the present generation, on this ac- count, I proceed to quote it : " The humble petition of John Dumtell of Warrington in the county of Lancaster, gent. Sheweth : That several years ago, your petitioner's father, Wm. Dembell, stood possessed of a fishery in the river Mersey. of ereat value to his family and highly beneficial to the public at large. That during the time In which he enj iced the same, the fish mar kets of the several towns and places near the banks of the river were abundantly supplied with fish, and in particular with salmon and spurlings. " That in consequence of the great quantity of fish so caught certain persons were induced to contest the yali- Reuben Taylor, St. James-st., Latchford, was SUM- clity of the exclusive right of your petitioners' raid monerl at the Warrington Borough Court yesterday, fattier, which was done by a trial at law at Lancaster before Alderman Wright and Mr. S. Wrigett, on the before a jury, whose local interest, or supposed interest, charge of failing to notify a case of infectious dis- might possibly have rendered them less umbiassed than ease to the medical officer of heels on October Ist. a London jury or one who could not have been subject The Tewn Clerk ( Mr. J Lyon Whittle) who prose- to any inducement of that nature. cuted said that the case was taken under the " That by the decree of that jury, it was declared that ' e the fish of the said river was the property of him who Infectious Diseases Notification Aeit, of 1880 which caught it, provided such person had ground to land his requires the head of a family to give notice verbally net upon, that in consequence of the said decision, the or otherwise to the medical officer of health in case of any infectieus disease being in the house.—Dr. Gornall Protection of the fry and spawn of fish in the said river has been utterly abandoned, and the destruction thereof said that in consequence of an erensive outbreak of scarlet fever in La,cliford at the beirinning of October, together with the taking of the fish at improper times of the year, has been ever since, and is now, carried on in be caused a house to house visitatiou to be made in the neiehbourhend of St. James-at. Th • schools were also the most iujurious manner, and to such an extent that swine are fed with the said fry and spawn, and so visited to ascertain the number of children absent. On October 31st, he had a notification of a child of the de- openly and notoriously as to cause the flesh thereof to fendant having scarlet fever. An inspector afterwards have so fishy a taste that the article itself is of much less visited the child, and ascertained that there was another value in the market, child iil in the house. He (Dr. Getman) visited the house " That injurious and destructive practices of a . like ordered child to lie removed. He then nature are also carried on in the rivers Weaver and on Nov. 4 and ordere went upstairs, and found it boy whe had evidently been lrwell. whirls rivers disembogue themselves into the said river Mersey, that i ill for a considerable length of time from scarlet fever f the fishery were duly worked • in the said rivers awl the fish with its fry and spawn but which had not been ntified. An order protected, the public would be much benefited by a was made taee the boy to the hos- I tl 10 had had the fever such length of supply of ample quantity of good and wholesome fish, Pita • ut and considerable profit would be derived from the sale time that he was only in the hospital 30 days. of the said fish at prices much below the prices at which The defendant said that he was not aware that the boy was suffering from scarlet fever, but thought that he the same ate now offered in a very scanty supply. had the inewiles or a had cold.—The magistrates were " That these desirable purposes would be effectually answered by the establishment of a Fishery Company, inclined to think that it was somewhat of an oversight, with due and needful powers exteuiling frcm the mouth and imposed a fine of ss, including e.nts. of the river Mersey with a direct line drawn William Collsl'iN GOOdel10110). Fountain-strest.waN sidered as drawn from Formby Church near Li or con- verpool, charged with a similar offence on October 211trie-The in the county of Lancaster to Milstein Light hotiae in the Town Clerk said that from the evidence, the naegistvates county of Chester and as far' within the river Mersey as would see that this case was a more serious one then the the coufitix of the river Etherow and Tame near the Gornall said that he visited the house in town of Stockport, and also within the river Irwell from Fountain-street, owing to a Ca!,a being netifled, on its conflux with the River Mersey into Hunts Bank in November 4. The case was that of a boy who was the town of Manchester and also within the river downstairs and suffering from a mild .attack of scarlet Weaver from the conflux thereof witli the river Mersey fever. From information he had received, that a girl into Acton Bridge. was upstairs also sufferin.: from scarlet feviar, he ex- " That a portion of the profits of such fishery could amined her. Be found that she was pealing from head and might. be well applied in erecting and maintaining to foot. A day or two previously she bad been allowed to and repairing tee bridges over the said river Mersey, go to an entertainment at St. James' School. 'the ease one at or near Runcorn Gap and the other near the site was a pronounced case of fever, not accompanied by of the frrd anciently used between Latchford and War- any constitutional conplications. The girl had no doubt rington above the weir called Howley Weir and opening been kept upstairs with an object —The defendant'. wife proper roads and ways thereto ; and another Portion of said that she did not know the girl was suffering from such profits could and might be well applied in erecting scarlet fever—The maßiattatelS oenaidered that there and supporting the charge of a general infirmary,within : was great carelessness on the part of defendant and his the said town of Warrington era limited distance there wife, and, were it not for their poor circus t las ancee they from and for surworting the charges of the Chester and would have inflicted a heavy penalty, They tt ta do., Liverpool Infirmaries. fendant 10s. including outs,

The formation of a Sunday School Union for the banding together of the various Nonconformist Sunday schools in the town, may be eaid to supply a long felt want. The objects to be derived from such a Union are becoming more and more necessary as the religious education of children is now almost entirely left to the sunday school. The present is a day of unions, and the Sunday Schools by thus banding together will enable the strong to help the weak ; methods of management may be discussed, and visitation of schools arranged. Additional benefits will also be received from the London Sunday School Union in the furnishing of Sunday Schools, and in providing li.erature at more ad- vantageous terms than was before possible.

From the statement of Councillor Shaw Cireen at the Council meeting in respect to t he recent examin- ation for labour certificates, it would seem that the examination has been a success from a numerical point of view. But there are many pungent ques- tions which might be asked as to the wisdom of providing local employers of labour with these boy labourers at the age of 12 or 13 years, who are now placed in the labour market. The object presunt- ably is that the boys may thus earn Sonic+ portion of their daily bread, and thereby relieve their parents, a little earlier than was before possible. • But the movement appears to be a step backwards. Boys who leave school at such an age, are deprived of that technical, and perhaps most, essential educa- tion, which is given in the higher standards of elementary schools. They are thus weakened in the battle of life, for to neglect education in the present age is a suicidal policy on the part of parents. It may perhaps he Anted that there are the continuation and technical schools, but atten- dance at these is optional,and really only a tithe of the elementary school scholars take advantage of them,

The case heard in the Police Court on Monday, in which three publicans were summoned and tined for serving policemen on duty, omdirms what has been freely rumoured of late. that this practice has been going on pretty regularly in the town. Now that it has been brought to the light of day,and the licenk of one public-liouse has been endorsed in consequence, it will no doubt act as a check upon the practice for a considerable time.

Councillor Percy Davies made his fledid in the Town Council on Tuesday night, and he made it in quite a notable fashion. Lie had not been on his feet very long before he trod upon the corns, or. to put it lees figuratively, he soon roused the ire of some of the worthy aldermen and councillors. Coun- cillor Davies is something like the livelylrishmen at Donnybrook fair,—" When he sees a head he will bit it." He, however, did it very good naturedly, and also received the blows in return in a similar spirit. Ile had tried to" behave himself," he said, but had failed. Without wishing to unduly dis- parage Mr. Ashton, I may aay that, to my way of thinking, Mr. Davies is an improvement upon his predecessor in the Latchford ward, and be will not be quite such a docile follower of the dominant party in the Town Ceuncil.

1A V.•••• r

144 014

===== 0002601_18931209_art0054.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.WWNIM

===== 0002601_18931209_art0055.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WO' , .114 .

-

===== 0002601_18931209_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
INFLUENZA. I,

(La Grippe). There can belittle doubt thit Influenza is as prevalent now in this country as it has ever been, but as we are more accustomed to it, it attracts less attention. The symptoms are so well known as to require no description, but the causes are less understood. It is, however, certain that when the systein has run down and is in what is termed a low condition, that it is peculiarly liable to an attack of INFLUENZA, OR LA. GRIPPE. Many remedies have been suggested, but it is gener- ally acknowledged that the best treatment is nourishing food, warmth, and a good tonic. the best tonic is QUININE. And it has been clearly demonstrated that the best and most effective way of administerinz Quinine is the form of GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. These Bitters have many advantages, which are now fully recognised :- 1. They are PURELY VEGETABLE, and are a plea- sant and safe way of taking Quinine. 2. They have stood the test of TWENTY YEARS, and are acknowledged to be a HAPPY COMBINATIO of the Best Medicinal Plants yet discovered ; such as Quinine. Sarsaparilla, Lavender, Gentian, Dandelion, kc., mixed in scientific proportions. and forming a Tonic prepara- tion which is ABSOLUTELY UNEQUALLED. 3. We claim that by taking a dose of these Quinine Bitters daily, say about 11 o'clock, and thus keeping the system in good order. INFLUENZA CAN BE KEPT OFF. 4. We also claim that after an attack of Influenza, when the patient is suffering from extreme weakness, lassitude, and low spirits, there is no preparation yet dis- covered equal to GWILYM EVANS QUININE BITTIiiRS. To strengthen the system and revive the spirits. OW ONE WOEtD OF CAUTION. All good things, whether in medicine or anything else, are now imitated; and the great success of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters has been the means of starting many imitations which are absolutely of no value com- pared with these Betters. The only advantage offered as an inducement to buy them, iB,—that they are cheaper. This we admit, but assert that WORTHLESS imitations ARE DEAR AT ANY

PRIM We hold ourselves r^sponsible for every package, which bears the name Gwilym Evans on the stamp, label and bottle, and for no other. Sold by all Chemists, in bortl ‘s at 23. 91. and 4s. 61. each, sample bottles at is. 111. QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING CO., LTD., LLANELLY, SOU WALES.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATE.

TRAVELLING WITHOUT A TICKET. William Connor, fish dealer,was charged at the War- rington Borough Court, on Saturday, with travelling on the Leindon and North-Western Railway frii.m Eatles- town to Warrington without a ticket, and also with assaulting Detective Ede whilst in the exPcution of his duty. Detective Ede stated that about 855 the previous night he heard an altercation going on with the defend- ant and the ticket collector. tie (witness) asked for an explanation from the prisoner, and he said he hadn't come by train, and refused to pay any fare. He was told he would have tc be locked up, and he then offered to pay the fare from Earlestown,but it was refused. He was taken to the booking office, and the prisoner threw witness to the ground, and on the way to the Police Station the prisoner commenced kicking and used very bad language. Witness blew his whistle and a police constable came to his assistance. Ticket collector Hol- land corroborated. P.C. Clark said about 9.20 he was in Wilson Patten-st., when he heard a whistle and on going in that direction he saw the prisoner and Detective Ede on the ground.—The magistrates fined prisoner 20s. and costs, or 14 days. He went to gaol.

_ CRUELTY TO HORSES. Sidney Ashton and William Spencer, both of Stockton Heath, were summoned before the Warrington magis- trates, yesterday, the farmer charged with working a horse_while in an unfit condition, and the latter with causing it to be so worked, on November 29. Inspector Luff, It S.P.C.A., said that he met tiae defendant Ash- ton driving the horse attached to a coal cart, in Bridge- street, on the above date. He noticed that it " flinched" very much under the saddle, and upon ex- amining the animal's back, he found a wound, from which blood and matter was oozing. A blanket had been placed over the wounded part, and it was quite wet. Upon Spencer being informed, he said that the horse had only a small wound of the size of a three- penny ' piece, when it set oat.—The magistrates fined Ashton in the costs, and Spencer 10s. and costs. John Brecklehurst, Antrobos, Cheshire, was charged with travelling a horse while in an unfit state, on Nov. 30th.—Inspector Luekings, R.S.P.C.A., said that on the day in question, which was horse fair, witness was going about the fair, when ha saw prisoner walking a horse about. It appeared so latne, that witness stopped him, and found that the horse was suffering from a cankered foot, which was in a spongy and diseased state. Tors wes no shoe upon the fcot, which was too muhh diseased to hold a nail. The horse was sold to a horse dealer subsequently, who took it to a tanyard.— Abel Wright said that he considered that defendant had committed an abominable piece of cruelty and he would be fined 20s. and costs, or 14 days' hard labour in de- fault. - -

TEEFT FROM THE MARKET HALL. At the Borough Court on Thursday, Elizsbeth Long- shaw,a married woman,living at 12,Angel Yard,off Bill- et., was charged with stealing from the Market Pt ice, on Saturday, the 2nd December, a quantity of sweets, value 55., the property of Messrs. Naylor and Watson, confectioners, also a fur tippet, value 10s., the property of Rachel Tasker, stall holder in the market, and also on the 4th November, a man's coat and vest, the property • of Morris Goldstone, from his stall in the market. Pri- soner pleaded not guilty. Each charge was taken separ- ately. The Chief Constable stated with regard to the theft of sweets, that D.S. Monaghan from information received went to the house of the prisoner, and found a box containing a large quantity of sweets there. When asked where she got them from she replied that she bought them from a man for sixpence oa saturday night. The box was taken from Messrs. Naylor' s stall in the market between ten and eleven o'clock on Saturday night. Isabella Naylor, and DS. Monaghan co. roborated.— The Chief Constable said the complainant in the second charge was Rachael Tasker, residing at 8, Rose-st. D.S. Monaghan discovered the tippet produced hanging on the line in the house, and when asked about it the pri- soner said she had it sent to I,er from Wales. Mrs. Tasker identified it as her property. Mary Fisher gave evidence for the prosecution .—The Chief Constable said that the coat and vest in the third charge were missed at seven o'clock cn Saturday night, the 4th November. by the complainant Morris Goldstone, stall hol&r, and he gave information to the police. The pawnbrokers were supplied with a sample of the missing clothes, and on Monday the 6th November, the prisoner offered them in pledge at Mr. Morton's pawnshop, Winwick-St. Jaseph Hill, shop-assistant, noticed the clothing, and went out for a policeman, but the prisoner ran away and left the coat and vest behind. The police were apprised, and Hill now identified the prisoner as the woman who offered the clothes in pledge. The clothes were found to be the property ef the complainant. Evidence in sup- port of the Chief Constable's statement was given by Messrs. Guldstone and Hill, and D.S. Monaghan. The magistrates committed the prisoner to jail for one month on each charge, three months in all.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
IfINO it CASES.

passi•

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT. SATURDAY.—Before Mr. John Burgess (chairman) and Mr. John H. Fleming. WIFE ASSAULT.—WiIIiam Casey, 12 Carlisle-st., was charged with unlawfully assaulting and beating his wife Mary Casey on the Ist November, and also on the Ist December. The evidence of the complainant showed that on the first named date the prisoner came home and brutally illtreated her. She informed the police and a warrant was taken out against him. the prisoner then left the town until Frid ty, the Ist December, when he again returned home and struck her oil the head.—ln- spector Spinks and P.C. Amson also gave evidence. Pri• goner who made his lout th appearance for the same offence was sent to gaol for fourteen days. A. separation order was granted, the prisoner to pay Bs, per week to- wards his wife's maintenance. MONDAY.—Before Mr. F. Monks (chairman), Alderman Harrison, Alderman Francomb, Dr. Gornall, Council- lor Roberts, Messrs. J. H. Fleming, and R Garnett. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY —Peter Garretty, 22 Riles- mere-st. ; John Jeffries. 63 Foundry-St. ; James Hopkins, and George Hopkins, 37 Scotland-road, were dealt with for this offence. HOWIE AND VAGABOND.—John Smith was sent to gaol for a month, for being a rogue and vagabond found sle( co-ng out. in Golden Grove-st., the previous evening. Trim ov TOOLS—George Arnold, Rose and Crown- St., pleaded guilty to the charge of stealing from the stone yard of Ephraim Aukland, Manchester-road, on October 20, a band saw, value Is, the property of Ephraim Aukland, and a joiner's chisel, the property of W. Cross. He was fined 10s. and costs or 14 days. Doo WITEOTJT LICENSE —Thomas Howell, Lilford-st., was fined ss. and eosts for keeping a dog without license on the 17 ult. OBSCENE AND PROFANE LANGUAGE.—Jane Johnson, 9 Silver-square, was sent to gaol for one month for this offence. As she was taken out of the court, she created such a scene, that the magistrates added another 14 days to the sentence. CHIMNEY ON FlRE.—Alice Whalley, 3 Porter-st., and Alfred Downs,l Church-et., were discharged with a caution Ulr this offence. OBSTRUCTION OF THE FOOTPATH —James Hopkins, George Hpki S, Henry Wilson, Thomas Baguley, and Patrick McGra,h, were each charged with obstructing the free passage of the footpath near the Central station on November 27th, and with refusing to move on when requested to do so, and also preventing persons front

P.C. .1. Cooper said that the five defendant* .ete standing on the parapet in front of the steps of the Central station on the night in question, and he requested them to go away several times, but as soon as his back was turned they went on again. Several people were obliged to get into the street to pass. -The defend- ants were regular loafers and were continually at the station.—P.C. Meacock corroborated.—An official from the station said that the railway officials were continu- ally having complaints from passengers on the arrival of trains, that on their leaving the station, men of the class of the defendants, would rush up the steps offering to carry parcels. There was a uniformed policeman on the station, but when he had occasion to go to the other end of the station, these men would even come on to the platform. They were an intolerable nuisance.—The magistrates fined defendants ss. and costs or seven days hard labour. A YOUTHFUL DRUNKARD.--WM. Dunbobbin. aged 14 years, 33' Victoria-st., was charged with being drunk while in charge of a horse and cart on Nov. 29th. P.C. Roper said that on the night in question, he found the boy, beastly drunk, and lying at the bottom of a cart be himself. He had to be carried to his aunt's where wit- ness found three " drunk in a heap." From subsequent inquiries it was discovered that defendant had been to Frodsham with a man named James Clifton who had given him some whiskey at the commencement of the journey, and had also got drunk himself and fallen out of the cart into the road, where he was discovered some- time the next morning.—Couneillor Roberts :" The man ought to be flogged." The magistrates discharged defendant on his promising not to take any more drink. WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr. John Fairclough (chairman), Messrs. j. H. Flaming, S. V% right, and J. Geddes. CHARGE OF STEALING A HANDEERCHIEF.—EIIen Carter, Gas-St., was charged with 'stealing from the person of Thomas Kearns, a silk handkerchief, value 45.,0n Satur- day night. The Chief Constable stated that on Saturday night the complainant was going along Mersey-et ~home, not very sober,when he slipped down. The prisoner was seen to run up to him and shout, "Oh God, the man is choking," and then take the handkerchief from his neck. The man was picked up by two men and they asked the prisoner for the handkerchief,but sles refused to give it them. The complainant went to the prisoner's house on the following morning, but she denied having the handkerchief. Information was given to the police,and the prisoner was arrested by D.S. Monaghan.—Thomas Kearns deposed to wearing a silk h indkerchief on Satur- day night, but he was unable to sav who took it, as he was intoxicated.-Willi na Allen and Thomas Moran gave evidence as to seeing the prisoner take the handkerchief from the compiainant's n, ck.-Margaret Hadlon deposed to seeing the handkerchief in the prisoner's hand.—D.S. Monaghan said he arrested till prisoner in Mersey-st.the previous night. She was then erenk. He had searched the house,but had been unable to find the handkerchief. The magistrates considered there was a doubt in the case, and discharged the prisoner. ASSAULT.—Frederick Dainteth,hawker,lodging at Mrs. Tickle's, Turner-st., was 4 h aged with having on Mon- day,unlaw fully assaulted and beaten his wite,Ellen Dain- teth. The complainant stated that the prisoner had kicked her, but brought no wVnessses to support her statement.—Several witre,ses were called by the pri- soner,who were in the house at the time,and swore that no assault had taken place.— the case was dismissed. FRlDAY.—Before Alderman Wright (chairman), Coun- cillor Roberts, Dr. Garnall, and Mr. S. Wright. A DntnixEst MAN'S ESCAPADE.—E.Iward Duffy, 5, Percival's Fold, was charged with being drunk and dis- orderly in Friar's Green, on Thursday afternoon, also with assaulting Patrick Maloney, Robert Smith, and P.C. Clough. P.C. Clough stated that he saw the pri- soner in a drunken state in Friar's Green on the previous afternoon. He was assaulting complainant Maloney, most furiously, and had bitten him on the ears and fin- gers, besides inflicting blows-. Witness arrested him and on the way to the police station, the prisoner threw him down to the ground, and thumped him in the chest. Robert Smith then came to his (the officer's) assistance, and he was also struck ty prisoner. Prisoner was eventu- ally taken to the police station with the further assis- tance of P.C. Clarke.—Maloney and Smith having given evidence, prisoner was sent to gaol for a month, the magistrates commending Smith for giving his assistance to the police. Evil, FOR GOOD.—Margaret Kilala was charged with stealing from the dwelling-house of John Fleming, Dial- at., on August 11, two women's shawls, a man's black worsted jacket, and other articles, valued in all 10s. The prisoner was a lodger at the house of John Fleming,whose wife said that she freqaently helped her out of financial difficulties, but on the above date, she left the house and took the articles mentioned, and was never seen again until Thursday, when Dectective Monaghan met her in Buttermarket-st., drunk, and she was taken to the police station. She was committed to gaol for one month.

WARRINGTON COUN CY PETTY SESSIONS. WEDNESDAY.—Before Major Pickmere (in the chair) and Mr. John White. MAINTENkNCE ORDER.—Mr. Basil Shearer, on behalf of the Board of Guardians, applied tor the repayment by the County Council of the sum of £l7 Is. IU., being the cost of the maintenance of a lunatic n lined Martin Byrne, in Rainhill Asylum. Mr. sh,,irer stated that the man was Sent to the asylum on the 15th Febtuary, where he remained until the 25713 e;34 ember. On inquiry it was found that the man had no sAtlement in England. He had been in the habit of c ming to Warrington, and then going back to Ireland.—The order asked for was made. A STRANGE EXCUSE.—A young man named William Broadhurst, was charged with having been drunk on the highway on the 25th N ,v,inber, in Howar d-st., Sankey Bridges.—Constable 1341 proved the case, and said the defendant was figlatimz with another man, and a great crowd assembled.—Dafendant said the man referred to asked him the w3y to a certain house. He took him there, and when they reached a quiet street the man asked him if he "remembered the bother which took place 12 months ago." The defendant said he did not want to have anything more to do with it, where- upon the man said he would " make him remember it " and struck him.—Defendant was then obliged to act in self-defence.—Alderman Pickmere : It is a very plausi- ble tale.—The defendant was fined 2, ed. and costs. DRUNIKENNESS.—Martin Dinwood wasfined 2s. 6d. and costs for being drunk anddisorderly at Sankey Bridges on the 25th November.—William Rose was charged with being drunk whilst in charge of a 'bus in Liverpool-road on the 21st November,and was ordered to pay the costs. —Samuel Rider was fined 2+. ed. and costs for being drunk and disorderly at Burtonwood an the 2ad Dec.— James Coyne was charged with being drunk at Sankey on the same date, and was ordered to pay the costs.— Thomas Hillage, Wm. Boardman (who did not appear), and William Ashton wrocharged with being drunk at Penketh on the 2nd December. /linage and Ashton were fined 2s. 6d. and costs, and Boaedinan 53. and costs.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
;a:

t''-'4 ;-,...,6,,..: ::: ;1,,-;L:,

===== 0002601_18931209_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
_ _l.

it saves its cost in labour many times over; one trial ensures constant use.

----.

ALLEGED ILLTREATMENT OF CHILDREN AT RUNCORN.

)00 tV9 4700

a.

0 0 I;

-- DEATH OF A CHI I.D.—A VERDICT OF MANSLAUGHTER. At Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday, before Mr. A. Thomas and Mr. G. L. Davies, John Thomas Corker, and his wife, Susanna, of 15, Vicar-street, reere Charged under a warrant, with wilfully ne.g- ettag their three children, Sarah Ellen, aged six, Mary Elizabeth four, and John Thomas ten months, thereby causing unnecessary suffering and injury to their health, between October 2nd and November 30th. F. H. Lloyd of Chester, prosecuted on behalf of 'the National Society for tlic Prevention of Cruelty to Children, and stated that he only intended to aik for a remand in order to await the inquest, the child John Thomas, having died on Saturday evening. He desired that the other two children should be placed in the Workhouse in the meantime. After hearing the evid- "lee of James Uphill, the inspector of the Society, the 'Prisoners were remanded until Thursday.—The prisoners 9Plied for bail, but Mr. Lloyd said they had a precar- thus Way of obtaining their living and nothing to detain em in the town.—Bail was accordingly refused. The inquest on the child John Thomas, was held on tuesdav aiternoon by Mr. J. E. Worsley, coroner. Mr. lcrle was foreman of jury, and Mr.F.ll.Lloyd appeared ler the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children. Superintendent Atherton appeared for the - _ _

h Ant; Farrell, widow, 15, Vicar-street, said the Corkers t_acl lodged with her for about two months. There were cihwic:wchildren in addition to the deceased. It was a nice When they came to her house, but it was beginning ,!cattiess, and she never saw a child go" lighter." The r;soners took every care of it. About a month ago the Itt ld was taken to Dr. :Dougall, who gave Mrs. Or ker some powder. The powder was givento the child. Corker, suckled the child, and she also gave it lelunglass every night. The husband who was not in r igular work, bought the isinglass. Wine was also %yen to the child cccasionallY. The children had as i_uch food as they could eat. The other children were ' vsery good health. Tli9 doctor never came to the e, but the child was taken to him—Tile Coroner : th' as the child kept clean ?—Witness : She used to wash one Child every morning, but she had " only one putting fot ;el°thes ."—By Mr. Lloyd : Corker paid 81. a night bu hmsel, wife and children. He was always able to th wine when he had emptied a boat. She never saw children begging. Milk cline in for them regularly ohM...a.rj Ellen Farrell, granddaughter to last witness,said a v lived with her grandmother. She said the child had w:erY had cough, which continued until he died. He !lithe-II "7 well fed on milk and isinglass, and was also led bv the mother. There was alwiys milk with a _ e gain it, kept hot in the oven, and the child 7,35 fed with this. When the doctor ordered poultices, Lee mother applied them very often. She bad frequently ZTen the mother wash the child, but she had not much 1,,471e8 for it. She never saw the prisoners drunk.--By is : She had told the mother to wash the baby Tole?, times." ary Monaghan said she lived next door to Farrell's. .4 :"t Mother had often been in her house with the child, ,V she had told her that all her money went in buying 10"Tgs for the child. The child looked thin and poor- aY.!"ng, but so far as she could see it was clean. She teved the mother was doing her best for the child. ite prisoners were very poor. l''slu erareaDoyugall said the mother first brought the child • his about a month ago. The surgery was full jo,j• Reorde and several drew attention to them.—He exam- t o the child, and gave her certain directions. Be also her to wash the child thoroughly and wash herself tl• well. The odour from them was so intolerably bad, of theY could not be borne in the room for any length ohoune. He next saw the child on Wednesday last. The was very emaciated, and was very dirty, and the ur from it was very offensive. It had a large bad Fre on the hip. The child had wasted away to a shadow. .eath occurred on Saturday afternoon. He had made Ziaost mortem examination, and found the weight of c`r Child to be Blbs lloz ;the normal weight of a healthy at that age would be 15to 16Ibs. Internally he o,l`;' not find a particle of fat on any part of the body,the teans were all healthy pc. far as he could ascertaio,with `.O exception of the lungs some parts of which did not • Pear to have been sufficiently expanded at birth p ere was evidence of lung disease of long standing. osnably the actual cause of death was the lung disease. he wasting away must have been going on for some 4Ple, whieli would be caused to some extent by the lung p4ease. but it would be naturally aggravated by any th al of neglect or from the want of nutritious food. If e mother was badly fed the child could not derive DltTer nourishment from her milk. An examination rfhlowed that the stomach contained a certain amount of Aculent matter showing that the child had been fed. ere was also a quantity of milk in a partially decom- reed condition clearly pointing out that the stomach as hardly capable ot digesting the food. Chl belsa-lf of the National Society for the Prevention of 'rneltyto Clihdren, James Uphill, an inspector stationed azrington deposed that on the 29th November he o;B'ted the house. The mother denied that the child .aas in the house, bnt he was proceeding upstairs, when Lrie rushed before lain, and into a bedroom. She threw r apron on the bed, and on raising It, he saw the child koso•Ying there. The child had on one nightdress, and its , —"Ile was very filthy and stinking. The bed was also in "lost filthy condition. He asked the mother if she had an,' food for the child, and she produced a basin, which Would hold a pint, and which had at the bottom a little ,_railte which was very "curdy " and sour. Next day he 'gain visited the house and found the child in the same I:aielition. He obtained some fresh milk, but the child wuuld not take it. D.PlOrence Gorst, daughter of Mrs Gag, Confectioner, •L'lgh-street, said the children of the prisoner had once "'Zged for bread at the shop. 0411. The Coroner, in summing up, described the ease as a ( serious one, and commenting upon the doctor's evi- kpne, said the filthy condition in which the child was Pt Would aggravate the disease from which the child ro„,"--a'ou• If the jury were of opinion that the mother so r:nd--edseietteiond,her child by keeping her child in a filthy, dirty by not supplying it with proper nourishment je.g.Proper food, by sending it out, or knowingly allow- lt to be sent out into the streets with her other chil- dren, without regard to the consequences, then they tt.wouti Id convict the mother of Manslaughter, If on the oss_er hand they camo to the conclusion that although far"o was a filthily dirty woman, she did what she could Vreathechild,according to her lights, that the lungs of—v weak from birth, that the child, fed upon the milk anrilt .13;'1(1Y woman, who did what she considered best, child wasted away and died, they would return v:erdict of " natural causes." tip'l,gter the jury had been absent in the magistrates' re- th—ong, room for an hour, they returned into court, and thai 'creman said they had come to the conclusion 0 4 both Corker and his wife were guilty of" Man- -1 .the prisoners were again brought before Mr. Speak- "",,ulln at Runeorn Police Court on Thursday and remanded dud ,y next.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES POLICE COURT. TIIVRSDAY.-13afore Mr. E. Meher and Alderman H. S

Timmis.

A Sawn OF GOAL Srsiiin-n-ii.--LJohn Chantler, Bridge- street, was charged with stealing a quantity of coal from West Bank Dock, the property of Hutchinson's trustees. Fined 20s.—Martha Lee, Water-street, was charged with stealing a quantity of coal from Deacon's Werks, the property cf the United Alkali Co. Superintendent Keighley stated that defendant admitted the offence.and said she had been stealing coal for some time, and sell- ling it. Sent to gaol for fourteen days.—Jonathan Webster, (Sutton) was fined 20.3. for stealing coal from Bold Colliery. Tun POACHING Cam—The man Peter Rawson (War- ringtoh), who was charged with poaching on the Bold estatewas again reminded for

===== 0002601_18931209_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
COSTUME ON THE STAGE.

One great difficulty and annoyance to me is the unwillingness of many inartistic actresses to wear any- thing that they imagine is unbecoming to them, and the carelessness of " supers" and chorus-women in the matter of wearing a dress correctly. The prevailing fashion always holds absolute sway over feminine minds, and they will always contrive ta intrAduce a suggestion of it—either by altering the shape of a wig, the fuloess and position of a sleeve, or generally trying to modernise their appearance. Yet the stage sometimes has an appreciable influence on the fashions of real life. That particular kind of fashion called the " accordion pleat" was shown to the milliners, and they with unanimity, refused to have anything to do with it. I intro- duced it into the dresses of the dancers in the " Paste-de-Quatre " in " Faust-UP-to-Date" at the Gaiety, and afterwards designed a white peignoir in the same material for Miss Lefty Lind in " Buy Bias." Im- mediately one saw it on every side, and the" accordion plat" soon became as vulgar and objectionable as the barbaric instrument of music from which it derived its name. And when Miss Ellen Terry appeared, as Lady Macbeth, with a gown embroidered with Indian beetles, which made a splendid foil to the auburn tresses of her hair, many ladies of fashion appeared with their dresses jauntily decorated with the Iridescent insect in question. Percy Anderson, in " Magazine of Art."

Mr. Alexander Peckover, the newly-appointed Lord- Lieutenant ef Cambridgeshire, is the first Nonconformist who has ever held such an office. Mr. Peckover is an extremely wealthy bank'-,is a member of the Society of Friends, and belongs t a family that is famous for its philanthropy throughout the whole county. La politics he is an ardent Liberal, and it is in no small degree ow- ing to his support that the Finn Arthur Brand was able to win and hold North Cambrid4.•—•.lre for the Liberals against the couple of fierce on•lsu,eits which Mr. Surr W.Duncan, of Horsforth, made ~n H:c• constituency. The Medical Annual advises Prset.tioners to remember that when recommending Cocoas as )(NA and beverage for Invalids, the name CADBURY on any packet of Cocoa is a gusranteeoi purity.—Adrt. Dr. Conan Doyle is in the black books of the citizens of Edinburgh, says the "London Scotsman." It was advertised thsit he would deliver ' a lecture on " Facts about Fiction," and the announcement attracted a vast audience. Great was their disappointment when the creator of the British Vidocq intimated that someone ' had blundered, and that he was to speak on "George Meredith ''— a subject of only •limited interest to the many.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1893.

kicking from underneath the first named. The succeed- ing eeriMmages saw Davies clearing well, and Heesom a minute later had a shot at goal,the ball grazing the posts on the outside. The visitors Ad the best of the ex- changes which followed the drop out, whilst a penalty kick gave the Nibernians their first insight into War- rington territory. A lofty kick by Booth saw Heesom saving. Thorniley and Taylor led the way to Lansdowne quarters. By degrees the half way line was reached.but here James Bate astonished the visitors by intercepting a pass,and transferring to Carey at half way that player ran in a fine try, John Bate failing at goal. The War- rington star was again in the ascendent when James Bate was again to the fore with good running, but Lansdowne came very near scoring with clever passing, a transfer forward spoiling a certain score. Potts and Burton quickly changed the venue with good running and, passing, but this effort was eclipsed when the local half baeks passed well and Burton ran in, Taylor this time making a good bid for the goal. Jolley lacked finish in an eff3rt near the line,but the scrimmage which fol- lowed saw the Bates passing beautifully, and John of that ilk lobbed in a scorer,Taylor this time placing a fine goal. Heesom met the restart,but Lansdowne had hard luck,for a smart drop by Anderson dropped on the cross bar and rebounded into play,half time arriving with the score as : Warrington, one goal three tries ; Lansdowne, nil. An excellent game of science was played during the second half, towards the close of which a long run by , Martin resulted in a try to Irwin, and from this point to the close Warrington pressed,but failed to augment their score. Final : Warrington, one goal four tries; Lans- downe, one try. RIINCORN.—The matches between the Runcorn first and second teams with Tuebrook and St. James respec- tively were scratched owing to the condition of the ground through frost.

THE LANCASHIRE LEAGUE. SECOND CLASS. RES LTS UP TO SATURDAY. rid. Won. Lost. Drn. G. T. G. T. Pts For. Agst. Ulverston 8 ... 6 ... 2 ... 0 ...17 9 ... 4 2 ... 12 St. Helens 7 ... 5 ... 2 ... 0 ... 3 10 ... 5 2 ... 10 Annuli 7 . 4 2 ... 1 ... 6 3 ... 4 3 ... 9 Widnes Leigh 6 4 .. 2 ... 0 ... 7 5 ... 3 4 ... 8 Laiicaster 7 ... 3 ... 4 ... 0 ... 5 6 ... 6 5 ... 6 Walkden 7 ... 3 ... 4 ... 0 ... 510 ... 5 1 ... 6 IFdaleSt.Cl'ts7 ... 2 ... 3 ... 2 ...3 4 ... 7 4 ... 6 Mossiev 7 ... 1 ... 4 ... 2 ... 3 2 ... 6 13 ... 4 Blsokley 7 0 7 . 0 1 0 ...11 18 ... 0 LRIGH v. WIDNES. —At Leigh, on Saturday, in frosty weather. The ground was declared unfit for a League match, and only a friendly one was played. In the first half Wilding and M'Masters scored. Leigh completely overpowered their opponents. la the second halt Coop kicked magnificently. After a run by Anderton, France scored, Ewan placing a goal. Wallworth next scared, as also did Anderton after a long run, Coop placing a ' goal. Final score: Leigh, two goals and three tries ; Widnes, nil.

WARRINGTON ST. MARY'S V. BEDFORD CHURCH —Played on the ground of the latter on Saturday, in frosty weather. Bedford started the ball, but the Saints took up the pressure, and were soon awarded a free-kick for off-side play, Helsby just failing at the kick. The visitors still had the best of the game. Sanders dribbling over scored, Hill kicking a goal. Half time arrived with the score St. Mary's one goal ; Belford nil. In the second half the game was of a more even nature, neither side scoring until the last few minutes, whvn Hammon secured, and dashed over, P. Hill failing to improve. Final result :—St. Marv's,l goal 1 try ; Bedford nil.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

'Secretaries of Football Clubs are requested to note that tepotts of matches played on Saturday mutit be sent to the head office. Bewsey-etreet. Warrington, not later than ten o'clock on Wednesday morning.

GEORGB G. HUSSEY and Co. are leading makers of Footballs, Hockey, Golf, and requisites for Sports, Games, and Gymnasia. Catalogue may be had on application to the Sports Manufactory, Peckham, London, S.M. BEST 4. GCB BRAND.

.. RUGBY. WARRINGTON V. ROCHDALE HORNETS.

That person of chilly manners, " Jack Frost," held the field on the Causeway in his hoary grip, on Saturday. Consequently the ground possessed much of what is termed " bone." Footballers realize what this means best, when they are roughly tackled. There was" bone" of another character introduced into the game, how- , ever. It was the famous " bone of contention." After the ground was known to be in such a frost bitten con- dition the Hornets were somewhat loath about carrying out the fixture, but after a little friendly debate it was agreed that the fixture should be played off as a League rnateh. In the meantime, while the teams were " gird- ing on their armour," an army of 300 youths were turned upon the ground with a number of footballs. After a little friendly rivalry—some people described it otherwise—between those 300 youthful enthusiasts, the ground began to lose much of its hard nature. Despite this however, it was thought that some special restric- tions concerning the tackling would have been fixed. This was not done, but instead, the referee followed the tackling up very closely, and the promptness of his de- cisions was very commendable. Both teams were very representative ones. Their composition upon assemb- ling to the shrill piping of the referee's whistle was thus;— Warrington; Heesom, back ; Carey, Evans, Potts.and Massey, three-quarter backs ; James Bate and John Bate (captain), half backs; Fair. Turner, J. Jolley, Berry, Donohue, Thorniley, Bailey, Taylor, and Buck- ley , forwards. Rochdale Hornets: Smith, back ; Holds. worth, W. Ogden, ‘Vightman, and Isherwood, three- quarter backs ; J Ogden and Flowarth, halfbacks; Der, Butterworth, Horsfield, Leach. Crabtree, Simpson, Ashworth, and Kershaw, forwards. Referee, Mr. S. The Insects set off with considerable dash, and gave people the impression that they were going to sting, for a time. Heesom, however,managed to relieve the pres- sure, and then Warrington get back to their own quar- ters by the introduction of some smart combination. John Bate cleverly gained possession at the Warrington 25, and passed to " Smack " who transferred to Carey. The latter was joined by Potts, and the two I romped down the field, passing and repaasing to each other in a manner which simply made the spectators cheer. The sequel to this smart performance, was, on the contrary, quite cheerless. Just when play had been brought within range of the Rochdale line, Evans was given a chance to provide some work for the scorer. But instead of working for the try, which was certainly obtainable, he kicked. All the advantage that had bees gained was soon lost, for the Insects made a desperate dash and soon conveyed play to the other end of the ground. Here their forwards were beginning to assume a dangerous attitude, and were giving the gentleman who marks the scores cause to prepare for some occupa- tion. But at a critical point, Heesom saved by kicking a ball dead. The drop out, however, brought no ease to the home team, for Ashworth received and made a dodgy run through a crowd of home men, and made his way to within two yards of the geed line. At this point he was" cornered," and his pass came too late to beef any service. The visiting forwards were playing des- perately hard, and their exploits were often only checked by the tact of the local backs. Play continued to go on in a fast, though scientific manner, until quite near to the ' interval. Then the Warrington backs by a little careful combination sent the ball down upon the visitors. Isher- wood, about the smartest of their three-quarters, re- turned the kick and enabled Taylor to place his capa- cious paw upon the oval. Having gained possession, Taylor made a race for the goal line. Be had traversed halt the length of the field when Ashworth came racine along at his heels. The excitement for a moment War. intense ; the air was rent with cries of "go it Taylor," and when at length the individual scored at the corner the cries of encouragement gave way to a loud cheer. Potts, however, failed to convert. No other scoring was done before the interval. On resuming Potts soon obliged with a good run, and-it was now Warrington's turn to attack. The forwards worked the scrimmages excellently, and several fine rushes along the popular touch were productive of an almost permanent attack James Bate tricked finely, and Taylor and Turner ran well, but the effort lacked finish. Wightman ran the oval out to near half-way, but a splendid dribble by Buckley was the means of Warrington renewing the attack. Holdsworth saved well, and passing by James and John Bate almost resulted in something substantial. The visitors were hard pressed, and but for the invalu- able defence of Ogden and Howarth, the locals must have scored. Simpson led the way to the central line, but another passing bout by Taylor, Carey, and Potts, was spoiled by the accurate tackling of Wightman Scrimmages ensued on the Hornets' goal line, and from one of these the ball passedthrough a considerakle num- ber of hands, Massey eventually dropping at goal with a barren result. Soon after the drop-out another fine passing movement by John and James Bate, Evans and Massey saw the locals again pressing, and Donohue next gained forty yards in response to a kick by Isherwood. Carey twice over effected capital runs with no success, whilst Taylor gained what was apparently a fair try be- tween the posts. Rochdale had one splendid opening ten miuntes from the call uf time, but too many hands spoiled the chance, and from this until the close the Warringtonians kept up the attack, but with no success and a grand game ended with Warrington winners by a try (three points). WaRRINGTON V. LANSDOWNS.—Despite the inclemency of the weather, there was a capital attendance at Wil- derspool on Monday to witness this hastily arranged match. The Irishmen are on tour, and had already played St. Helens Recreation a good game on Saturday. The Lansdowne team was composed as follows :—Wood- side, back ; Booth, Anderson, and Irwin,three quarter backs ; Davies (captain) and Marton, half backs ; A. and E. Bunkers, Morgle, E. Joyce, Lesmond, Street, Glass, Robinson, and J.Joyce. On the home side Evans Turner, and Bailey were absent, their places being filled by Burton, Monks, and Freeth. The kick off was not responded to, and Massey eventually gave his side a footing past the half way flag. Passing by the Bates ended in Massey still improving the locals' position, and Carey with a neat kick tackled Woodeide before he could respond. Capital rushing by the burly Irishmen resulted in half way, but Berry and Buckley headed the home side to within a few yards of the Lansdowne goal line Heesom and Anderson exchanged with advantage to the first named, and then came free kicks to each side, but a round of passing by the Bates, Carey, Potts, and Bur- ton saw the latter grassed on the line. Lansdowne were penalised, but the kick at goal struck the upright, and Thorniley raced up for a try, which Potts failed to im- prove upon. The locals came very near scoring a minute later, for a tush by Berry and Buckley Saw Woodside

===== 0002601_18931209_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION._

W&RRINGTON 11. Sr. ELPHIN'S—This match was played on Saturday. The ground, though hard, was in good condition, and the weather was fine. At three o'clock both teams took their positions on the field as fellows : Warrington: Goal, Forrest; full backs, Clarke and J. Mather; halves, Linaker, Williamson and Anthony; for- wards, Read, Norman, Connor, T. Mather and Fennelly. St. Elphin's : Goal, Jones ; full backs, Marshall and the Rev. T. W. Cook; halves, Colley, Forbes and Sherman; forwards, Radford, Higginbotham, Tickle, Taylor and flaVon. The game was an excellent one in many ways and the manner in which the Warrington men stuck to heir work entitled them to victory. For Warrington. Forrest was quite safe as custodian, the full backs both played capitally, Williamson was the pick of three good halves, and the forwards played an excellent combined and vigorous game. For St. Elphin's Jones, in goal, acquitted himself well, Gook, assisted by Marshall, played a brilliant game, Forbes was the best half, but he forwards played a disappointing game, and did not -haw up as they might have done. The final result was Warrington four goals, St. glphin's one.

Appointed by

Special

Royal

FRIENDS' SCHOOL, PENICETH, Y. CREWE NORTFI END. this match was played at Penketh on Saturday. The ground was hard, and scarcely fit ta play. The school winning the toss elected to play against the sun, and for the first half the game was very evenly contested, the C:ewe men leading by three to two. From the restart e :erything at first went in favour of the school, and tle Crewe goal was bombarded, but good goalkeeping and a good amount of luck saved them from a severe de- feat, the upr7ghts and crossbar being hit several time, nd only one point was added to the Penketh score. Nleanwhile the North End forwards added two goals frcm scrimmages in the goal mouth, and thus won by live goals to three. The Crewe team were lucky in gett- ing their goals, as during the second half they were 1 iiresse4 also continuously. Pollard at half-back played a 4plendid game, feeding his forwards with a great mo un t of judgment, and doing a great amount of hard work.

RUNCORN V. WARRINGTON UNITHID.—This match was played at Runcorn. Shortly before three the home team made their appearance on the field, and after waiting till after half-past three for the visitors, the home cap- tain arranged a game with the members of the Rugby club, they not playing owing to the hard state of the ground. At 4.15 the visitors put in an appearance, and by this time the home lads were pretty well tired out. However, it was arranged to play two fifteens. In the iirst hale the homesters had most of the game, but could not score. The second half was played in semi-dark- nera. The visitiore scored, which proved to be the only point in the game, and the home,sters retired beaten by one goal to none. PENHETTI V. PADOILTH INSTITITTE.—This match was played at Penketh on Saturday. Dumbiil kicked off for the home team, and soon made tracks for the visitors' goal, only to be checked by their backs. Play was even for awhile, eash goal being visited in turn. Shortly afterwards, from a pass by the right wing, W. Parson scored. This aroused the visitors for awhile, and they began to press, when the right wing pair got away and passed to Parson. This placer again scored. Another pass from the right,wing ended in Durnbill scoring a third goal. The rest of the game was of an even char- acter. Result Penketh, 8 goals; Padgate Institute, nil.

WA RR/NOTON POST OFFICH V. LIZMIIf RESERVR.—This match was played at Howley in favourable weather. Play was very even in the first half, good combination being shown on both sides, and at half time there was .1 clean sheet. The Post Office made the p ice in the zecond half and Gardiner scored. The defence on both sides was very good. Final, Post Office, one ; Lymm Reserve, nil. PENKETH V. WIDNES PARISH Cnoncu.--Tnis match wai played at Wicim son Saturday. Play was very fast and the game resulted in 2 goals each.

Soap Makers

to Her Majesty

Queen.

474 1.1-.,. :. ;. z,7lt.,zrt. • .„ . , W ,x- •‘; , -4- ''',-• ,141--) ';'-')';''''' 9 the „A C ---- . •• eilr.r. • ,-, • , ...-, I ..1.:..:i.:0•Aw..,; ' f wi f :.' ,V1:::•;::::::i.,:::':; ....34.i :-.1Kc,..4,1':::"..;::-A•-;',7 -r /1. ,• ' ~.0,51.45--.1:-,-,-::.?-: 440,, ...„.. -:::::: ...0,„•;.aw.::-:•::::•-• .7- . - ...„:-.1::„,,,,......w.;:,•<:•4.-:,„ S -Alc. • .. ,- ...,,i-..e,,:::13.5::1:.:-..?..:•••,/ , „ -t3-:-;-=:::::* .-,..&-*:„:„:„..1.,•,•• ,•41_ , •••••••••.•;,:0-:„..:•;.::::;-4.•:..,.-- 4 4....... ' •se. :.:5",•,•:•;:.1.',c,•: • „ ~' i ~•• --',••••- ;---Y.t,"•0::••:f..,'" ,•, ` ,-41,- ( ..........,000.0,./ • • -.., _ - 1 ;•,... ••-.,,z- - —•-• , • ~: -*0 - • ' % 1:::.....f:1' - '-' •;*;'.) '. -•.. f ,••• .• -'....i.. ''.•:-.i:::',;',,4-,,,:,=-11--,--, -.-: „ '--.,.=„ ',AI • ~ ,t' --- . , '1- ",* -, /, ./ ,4 :/y.,., ,„ ._.,;,0-iii,,,,,....4:,...1.::. i %.44f { • '. , , , . ' ; tfil47 4, ' if i it II * - l'.• f.,.' " ' ."',/ z,. ~..,/ i ... ~, 1 /:7 Aro-, '.,: -- • ~,.. . i \ 4,,,, < -__--= ^ _,,,. - - - - > . ..;;%,' ~,1 gf - - - ' ' ' <,. ,`-'.,...'---,...„. ~:. . •,' .'' '' , 1 111 1 ~,,r, r.., ~,, ~,,,), \.\: ' 0gg1jt,i1,,...4,'- '.....• • • \!.1,!.:41C__;: -7 ---- --4 - ------:,.44,.. -.I:F4N; ie. i f• .., , :ff _ _ _::_-__-_, ,-- . _ _,' „.-- ---,---:---:--- _ ------- - ---.-:------,- - ---.-=---2•4__--------;',-.7---=',,-.--:7-7- `---;--..,.4.,..6-iti Itir, nr --- - - -"=---''---.;---------,,7"-----:=7.--7-#-•----'-',-:--7,--„i---L-i_--- ----;-- - = --2--'l,--:-------- ----1----;-------'----7-- :.,-;-: „,-,,,,----- ,-'!--."7,t—,7.1'ir,',,i,":: Plii-'''' 'lli' 7 '''..g.l'inf,vr , ''''' ',. ' ""'''-'''''7. ' ::'7,---. . ,- , . 7 . ''..."::•:.',f17 .... ..'!. .. ,„„ , ~ f.., , „. u!„ _ _

===== 0002601_18931209_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
DON'T LOS

13

B

k

because there is a large wash before you, but Cheer up

and use

"THAT BROKKEN ARM !"

Tune---" Willie. we bye missed you." Ey, Tommy, we hev missed thi, Evity yUre o' thi yed, Aw cudn't boss to tell thi _ _

Heawm'ny tears hez bin shed. We cum an' go i' trubbie, But aw thi owd mates jine wish in' theau wur better, Wi' that brokken arm o' thine ! Folks axes," Wheer's Tommy ?" An' echo answers " Wheer ?" Ther griet's too hard fer howdin', Wen they see that vacant cheer. Its bitten um so keenly, Thay dun nowt else but pine, An' caunt contain ther sorrow O'er that brokken arm o' thine. Thoose New Lone chaps that's famous Fer raisin' up Chrysants, Are gettin' daily smawer Abeaut ther bally-bants. It gains noan wot they're drinkin', Er wen thay sup er dine; They booath own they're wastin', Throo that brokken arm o' thine! We try to rom sum cumfort I' dear owd Johnson's ribs; But wen we wud console him, By Gyow ! he fairly jibs 1 He feels ez if he'd getten Cowd crills aw deawn his spine, An' feats ne'er recover That brokken arm o' thine Eawr sale o' good owd "Irish" Ez gone deawn wi' a flop; An' th' treasurer keeps swearin' He'll hey to shut up th' shop. An' then, no moor i' flookin', He'll hey a chance to shine So here's a pretty prospect, Throo that brokken arm of thine. Sum axes heaw theau did it, An' sum are quite cock sure, Theau coom agen a curb stone, That riz hauf way fro th' floor. We heerd a Black Horse purr'd thi Sumwheer on th' Wiggin line; An' that wuz heaw theau geet it— That brokken arm o' thine! But ne'er mind heaw theau did it, Cum back ez soon ez t' con; Befoor eaur hopes are blighted, An' aw eawr pluck ez gone. We miss thi, 0 we miss thi, An' it needs no words o' mine, To prove its play'd the divil— That brokken arm o' thine! Rose Bonk, Dec. 8, 1893.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
:';UNLIGHT

SOAP

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

MONDAY.

In the House of Co—mi-n On-s—o- Monday evening Mr. flaws, answering a question by Colonel Noters respect- ing allotments for Irish labourers, said the hope of the Government was that in the course of time the same facilities would be given in Ireland as in England. Sir W. HARCOURT informed Mr. Howell that be had decided to appoint a departmental committee with a view to removing any impediments to the practice adopted by the Amalgamated Society of Carpenters and Joiners of depositing their funds without limit, as pro- vident societies, in the savings hank. Mr. BUXTON, replying to Mr. Labouchere, said that if as a result of the defeat of the Matabele, and the break- ing up of their military system it proved inevitable to assume an active exercise of jurisdiction within Mata- beleland proper,as heretofore in Mashonaland, the Order in Council and the South Africa Company's charter pro- vided the necessary machinery. Mr. BRYCN having in answer to a question statod hoss far arrangements had been completed for bringing into operation the compulsory attendance provisions of the Irish Education Act of 11192, Mr. SEXTON announced that unless arrangements were made by which efficient ele- mentary schools in Ireland willing to accept the eon- science clause were admitted to a fair proportion of State aid,no forth legislation on the subject could be treated by the Irish members as non-contentious. The House again went into Committee on the Local Government (Parish Conncils) Bill. Mr. T. H. BOLTON moved an amendment that the expenses of the parish council should be defrayed out of a special rate, and that the system of compounding in reference to this rate should be abolished. The amendment was strongly op- posed by the Government, and was rejected by 191 to 132. Clauses 10 and 11 were added to the bill ,and there was some discussion on clause 12. TUESDAY. In the House of Commons on Tuesday evening Mr. GOURLEY put several questions to the Secretary for War respecting the condition of British naval stations in the Mediterranean, which led Mr. Campbell-Bannerman to remark that public mischief might be done even by put- ting such questions on the paper. The Government, he added, was not, and no Administration could be, Indifferent to the important duty of maintaining the de- fences of Malta and Gibraltar. Answers to questions given by the Post-master General and the Secretary to the Treasury indicated a willingness on the part of the Government to transfer to the district councils the nomination to post-masterships as regards the smaller post offices in the country. Mr. MUNDELLA, in replying to a question, said the coal exported during the four months August to November inclusive, amounted to 12,087,000 tons, against 14,397,000 tons in the corresponding four months of 1892. Mr. GLADSTONE, in reply to Mr. Cramer, said the differ- ent departments of the Government had a sincere desire to reduce the hours of labour to eight per day, but he could not comply with the demand that this should be done in all departments alike and at once. Mr. G. Rus- sell informed Mr. Caine that Her Majesty had approved the appointment of an Indian gentlemen to the vacant judgeship in the High Court of the North-West Provinces. The House again went into Committee on the Local Government (Parish Councils) Bill. On clause 13 Mr. STRACHEY moved an amendment to make the parish . .

council the sole trustee of all parochial charities. Mr• FOWLER opposed the amendment, declaring that the government had pledged themselves to a directly contrary course. The Solicitor General having stated that the Government were prepared to accept the prin- ciple of a later amendment providing that in certain Sages the representative element of the trustees should predominate, Mr. Gosciami said it was clear that the president of the Local Government Board had been let ' down by his colleagues, Mr. GLADSTONE said the de- claration of the Solicitor General was quite compatible with the pledges of the Government. The amendment was defeated by 251 to 67. The debate was continued till midnight.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDNESDAY.

In the House of Csmmons on Wednesday discussion was resumed in committee on the Local Government (Parish Councils) Bill upon Mr. Tomlinson's amendment to clause 13, providing that when the churchwardens were trustees of a non-ecclesiastical charity the parish council might appoint a councillor and the incumbent a churchwarden to be trustees in the place of the church- wardens. Sir W. HARCOURT, in opposing the amend- ment; said that in his opinion it was an unfortunate position for the Church to claim any exclusive right to , dispose of that which was the common property of all. rue amendment was negatived by 150 to 95. Mr. Courtney moved an amendment to restrict the provis- ions of the clause in regard to the appointment of trustees in place of churchwardens to charity estates leased before the year 1840. Mr. GLADSTONE said he could not accept the amendment, which on a division was rejected by 183 to 138.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
THURSDAY

In the House of Commons on Thursday evening, Sir E. GREY, being asked if the Government intended to ap- point a commercial attache to watch over the interes ts of our trade in the United States, said the Government had no intention at present of asking Parliament to sanc- tion the expenditure necessary to provide for the ap- pointment ot any new commercial attaches. Mr. ASQUITH informed Mr. DARLING that the Govern- ment did not intend to take proceedings against the publisher of the " Commonweal " or the author of the article in that paper entitled " Bombs "as they thought that in the present state of the case such a prosecution would do more harm than good. The House again went into Committee on the Local Government (Parish Councils) Bill. On clause 13, which relates to the transference of charities, Sir F. S. POWELL moved an amendment exempting from the bill chari- ties founded after the passing thereof. Mr. FOWLER held that the amendment was entirely unnecessary, and Sir W. HARCOURT said the Government did not intend to interfere with future trusts where the creator of the rust desired that it should be kept apart from the opera- tion ot the bill. After a heated discussion the amend- ment was rejected by 207 to 171. Mr. Conn moved an amendment the object of which was to give a non- ecclesiastcial parochial charity a majority of elective trustees, and on this amendment Mr. FOWLER made a statement in which he defended himself and the Gov- ernment from the charge that they had departed from their pledges to the Church of England with regard to parochial charities. Mr. GLarisrcesfe supported Mr. Fowler's statement. The amendment was under discus- sion when midnight arrived.

The deaf juror who recurs with every assize has just appeared in an acute, and obtuse form at a town on I the south-ea‘tern circuit. He rose in the, box and asked leave to be excused on the ground of his infirmity. "Are you very deaf ?" said Lord Coleridge, almost inaudibly. " Yes, my lord, I am," wa',s the prompt reply. " Then I think you may be sworn," was the equally prompt re- joinder. A speaker at the Scottish Church Society Couferenca in Glasgow last week, advocated the unorthodox doc- trine of prayer for the dead—not prayer for all the dead, but prayer for the "blessed dead "—and by so doing rather startled some of his auditors.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
TUSI 0' PEGS,

A HERO WITHOUT KNOWING IT.

Some time ago a New York policeman was alarmed by as eries of shrieks while going his rounds about two o'clock in the morning. He traced them to a parrot in a cage near the window of an hotel, in the basement of which a fire was raging fiercely. With the utmost diffi- culty he succeeded in arousing and rescuing all the inmates save a servant, who seemed, poor girl, to have lost her way in the lobbies of the hotel. Unfortunately, by the time the human beings had been saved it was too late to reach the room in which the parrot was, and the bird, but for whose persistent screams the whole of the occupants of the house would have perished, was devoured by the flames.—" Little Folks.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
SAVED BY AN UMBRELLA.

When Charles Williams, a now forgotten rhymer of Kentmere, in the Westmorland lake district, was cros- sing the hills one night, he was surprised to hear some cries for help. Running in the direction whence they came, he saw a pretty young maiden chased by a bull. Snatching her umbrella out of her hand, the poet had the presence of mind to open it in the face of the en- raged animal. This act brought the mad thing to a standatill,and it fortunately gave up the hunt. Williams saw the girl home, and was greatly charmed with her beauty and manner. A few years later they were to have been married, but the lady died of consumption, and her fate so preyed upon Williams that he put an end to his iife.—" Little Folks."

MAKE WINE AT HOVE for; the Children's Parties from MASON'S WINE 4.BSENCES. A Sixpenny bottle will make you a gallon of splendid Wine. Sample post fre.,, for nine stamps.—NEWBALL AND MASON, Norrixonem.—Adet.

Dr. Dale, who, after a long illness, has recently re- sumed duty at Carr's-lane Chapel, Birmingham, has been for about thirty years a hard-working minister there. A tribute to his popularity appeared in a singular way the other day. A London journalist travelling on a High- land coach happened to have a young lady for a com- panion writhe box-seat. They had never met before. The conversation turned on the respective qualities of popular ministers, the gentleman at length saying, "I'll tell you what it is—Dale, of Birmingham, is the ablest man in the Congregational body." "That is my father," said the young lady.

THROAT IRRITATION AND COUGH.—Soreness and dryness, tickling and irritation ,inducing cough and affecting the voice For these symptoms use Epps s Glycerine Jujubes. In con- tact with ti.e glands at the moment they are excited by the act of sucking, the Glycerine in these agreeable confections becomes actively healing. Sold only in boxes, 70., tins ls. lid., labelled " Limns EPPS & Co.. Ltd., Homoeopathic Chemists, London," Dr. Moore, in his work on" Nose and Throat Diseases," says : "Tie GlyeerineJujubes prepared by James Epps and Co., are of undoubted service as a cura- tive or palliative agent," w, ile Dr. Gordon Holmes, Senior Physician to the Municipal Throat and Ear Infirmary,writes: ' After an extended trial. I have found your Glycerine Jujubes of consideLable benefit in almost all forms of throat disease."—Advt.

The most popular of our ministerial writers, not ex- cepting even Canon Knox-Little or the Bishop of Ripon, is Mr. Silas K. Hocking (he has dropped the title Rever- end). The sale of his books can safely be put at eighty thousand volumes per year. He was driven into author- ship by a shower of rain which kept him indoors on one occasion when he was a minister at Burnley. To while away time, he scribbled on scraps of paper some curious stories he had heard from a seafaring uncle. He got in- terested in his work, and wrote twenty chapters. These were shown to a local editor, who offered to print them, and so appeared Mr. Hocking's first novel, "Alec Green."

SHE USES THE RIGHT Seep. —Hudson's Soap saves her clothes. Anything washed with Hudson's Soap is thoroughly washed, therefore remains,much longer elean.—A pure Dry Soap in line powder.—Advt. 1.1

===== 0002601_18931209_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTMAS FOR 1/3. Ba,gw: Hamper Included.

A HAPPY THOUGHT HAS STRUCK US TWIT we should like to make the readers of the Wa Examiner, a special parcel of Christmas Cards ;so on of postal order, Is, 3d., or sixteen stamps, any daY Christmas we will send, per tettirn, post free on ApPr all thefollowing described Christmas cards. Notice wee tbe parcelon approval. If you like it, keep it; if return it by next post, and we will return your money and don't think any fairer offer can be made do you ever, you should not delay in ordering, as we are only I. up a limited number of parcels, and the first applying them. Bach parcel contains (sufficient to post to friee;.4 to decorate mantlepleces to make the sme bright for r maa).—A.l vely large, life like monkey, sitting 11P en ing a smoking-cap This will cause roars of lauy when 'URA up the monkey works, without any wir a key, he eats an apple, his mouth opens and shuts, goes up and down with the apple to his mouth, se and comical as possible. This nr.chanleal work of arts! witty worth 641. and it displayed in a shop window seetl“ at that price. The next is a pretty gilt-edge Double ro Card (standing) Window, u ithivy ; the window open' shows two pretty dogs begging. value 641• Then f a choice gilt-edged Card with simply perfect colon Country Water Scene at Sunset, in frame of I shaded pink, sliver ferns, birds, an., 6.1. „Next lea I gilt-edged lovely tinted Card, pretty flowers and ivy peintes in guilt. 441, Next Card, shape of a box, in a blue shade, lid lifts, and th-n is seen the best Father ever printed, 4d. Then comes is very laughable Car dressed sea man, and under his arm he carries ato which takes out and opens with good wishes, 4d. Card, colour and shape of a sunflower, the black cent" lag a cat's face. pnssy's eyes glaring quite naturs Double (standing) Card, exact shape of a boxe a pun., which opens and reveals good yrisheo, and* man is proposing health 2d. Doulre (standing) Card, f andcolour of a rabbit. 2d. Splendid Card, representit open f7rms Hamper (wicker), showing turkey. eake. se., %areal as possible, 6d. Pretty gi,t-edged oblong, seven pretty birds twittering, good wi.he • in gold. 4' of beautiful .510 w-scene Cards, country house and chore' has 'Xmas nd the other New Year's wishes, both are f and glisten in the light. 241. each. Pretty card.% fish,l' fins, red spot., !cc, Just like a plaice, with a 'Xmas the pun, "There's no pla•Doe like home," 241. WI Parcel is presented six more cards, or six pretty little lug easels for the mantel, with 'Xmas wishes, "b 'Xmas." dc., surrounded with floral frames. Last, ee" ways least, as the Owl 'Xmas card gay such great !" tion last year, and as many war disappointed in nob able to obtain one after they were gone, I have bought out a similar design and ens will he given with " Monkey Palcel." the card represents a large owl., in shape and form, perched upon a bough, and under a he carri-s a card, bearing a good 'Xmas wish (30'. designs beat those of previous years. Here is also 6 parcel for the " Little One's" Scrap Hooks, 3) sh eta best coloured Scrap Pictures,all sizes, all good oubjr free 741. A " Special Offer" given with evers I blanks, no competition or lottery whatever, but wel this " special offer " to benefit every receiver coin Our motto is a " A EL( Trade, Not a dig Profit." 1889. Address—Messrs PAIN BROIIIIIIItS, Whole Traders, Hastings (This is the cheapest and hes d, genuine art novelties ever offered in or out of Illnglan A know.) Good envelopes, to lit largest card, 4d. packet, post free.

POLICEMEN ON DUTY SUPPLIED

DRINK. A PUBLIC-lIOUSE LICENSE ENDORS- At the Warrington Borough Court on 21°' James Cheadle, of the Swan Inn, Bridge-street, charged that on Nov. 20th, being the licensee public-house, he unlawfully supplied certsill toxicating liquors to John Robinson and Thor Bowers, police constables of the borough, they were on duty, without, having the auth( a superior officer. The Town Clerk (Mr. J. Whittle) prosecute and Mr. Arthur Browne deh The Town Clerk said that the defendant was ch, with supplying liquor to constables on duty, which an offence against section 18, of the Licensing 1872, in which it was stated that any licensed 1 who supplied refreshment to any const tble on dut) less authorised by some superior officer should be to a penalty of £lO. It was not necessary that the lord should know that the offence was committed.

Town Clerk mai_ several cases of a similar

Which it wal held that a .pnlicetnan being in

was prima facia evi3enee that he was on duty. P.C. Bawers said that he was appointed on the police force on April 61h of the present year. ne duty on Nov. 20J1, his beat being in Bridge-strr florsernarket-street. He received .permission

_ superior officer to have any refreshment, nor s structions to go into any public house. At abeett p.m., ho was in Bridge-street with P.C. Robinson's. ing to a man named Cookson. They were then ne'sh, Swan Inn, and Cookson asked them to go in. went into the house by the passage door. fler,s uniform and had his helmet on at the time. e" P.C. Robinson had two pints of beer each for w Cookson paid. They were served by a servant, an ing the time they were in the public house' twelve or fifteen minutes—Mr. Cheadle came door. Witness had been dealt with and fined Watch Committee for being drunk, and it was in quence of a statement he made ts, them that the proceedings were instituted. P.C. Robinson said that he was appointed in J 1 1885. He was on duty in Bridg ,-street on the t question, and had not received instructions to any public nouse that night. Witness gave siml dence to the last witness, with regard to going public house.—ln cross-examination, the that he had never been reported for drunken- though there was an allegation against him, e` months ago. The night of the 20th ult. was bi,e, cold, and he thought a drink would " warm him. did not report his viiii'.. to the public house, in book at the police station, as he should have done. Charles Cookson also gave evidence and in examination, he said that he did not notice the lanai' open the door. tbe The magistrates reserved their decision until two ° similar cases had been heard. Eliza Y,•ung, Shakes's° tee Inn, and Frank Toft, the rel buck Inn, were each charged with serving the saellecaoi constables while on duty the same night as in the lest to P.C. Bowers said that after he had been le Ica " Swan," he went on duty again. At about eight cl'es% he went with P.O Robinson into the Shakespeare;, where witness paid for a pint of hoer each. TheY in the public house four or rive minutes. A bar,rili named Kate O'Dminell supplied them with beer. badges were on at the time. From there, he ands s'.a Robinson went to the " Roebuck," at about They went in through the yard. A friend of Itob"io asked for and paid for some beer for them. The/ two gills each. reg P.C. Robinson gave similar evidence, and ie examination, he said that some friends asked Wein, go into the " Roebuck." His friends went in the ir;c way, and the two officers by the back way. Tke that he went by the back door was because they alsr wish everyone to see them. (Lasighter.) In answsos further questions, the officer said that Mr. To materially improved the house during his tenanc7. ss Kate O'Donnell, barmaid at the Shakespeare Inns,/ that she had never received the instructions not to policemen. The two officers, when they came jet°, i publichouse asked if the landlady was in, and wet formed.that she lied gone to Stockton Heath. Ellen Young, Little Legh, gave evidence to the two constables into the Rcebuck Inn. They " served by Mrs. Toft. Mr. Browne in his speech for the defence, se.' this was one of the most lamentable cases ever bre eo into a court of jusieft. It might be marked as stlisis cruel upon the landlords. Here were two courvil one appointed ia 1885, and also a younger constabl did not know so much as the other, going from Puma house to publichouse drinking. There was no 105,",s in the world ao dare refuse to serve the police, placed the publicans in the most awkssarcl pssitielio they did not serve the police, the police would revenge upon them, and if they did serve then), tb were in danger of being prosecuted. In this caosoi had Constable Robinson, an experienced officer, P„s, first into the" Swan," theft into the " Shakespearets, then into the "Roebuck." It was a most extraortc thing that not a single landlord or licensee ssrved t"„s Mr. Cheadle was having his tea, and one of the svito7" Cookson coiroborated this statement. tl Councillor Roberts interrupting said that te r officers distinctly said that Cheadle came to the de°, the bar, and that Cookson merely said that be di' notice Cheadle. • Mr. Browne continuing said that his client stated he was having his tea at the time, and never s2:1; constables. Mrs. Young was at Stockton l'te and Mr. Tort was suffering from a running ahni at the time and was not at the bar at all. He that the magistrates would take a lenient view 0,11 ' case as he We 9 sure that the &fondants although ") had broken the letter of the lam, they had nee 5), the spirit of it, because they ,F 4 not know Oa' t •constables had been served until some days aft'er

occurrence. Mr. R. Dobson said that with regard to the Mr. Cheadle, on behalf of the owners of the' Ssfti; he had simply to say that Mr. Cheadle had given "T notice to quit which would extire in April neXt- , notice had nothing to do with the present case. g The magistrates retired to consider their decision, (t after some minutes they returned. Mr. F. Menkso chairman), said that the magistrates had given the ter very serious consideration. Jo the first pleee' e wished to reprimand the constables for disobedienc, their instructions, and for a great breach of their ei to the force. They hoped that this case would he ne son to the force, and that police officers in futufb they did visit public-houses, they should visit ,rb in their private capacity as citizens of the town. I had decided to fine Cheadle £5 anti costs and end" Ii license,as they believed that Cheadle had seen the Pe" Mrs. Young would be fined 40-1. and costs, and Toft £5 and costs without iv._; their licenses.

'•UAfIIfIIMYB VOCOA ric ums, tt: arca ”r)ble dero,,A natural elemen,e of 8110,3.4010 e Wiii,Al give the system : e'" anoe and hardihood, with a steady *talon that rellist in it acceptable and reliable beverage."—Elealth.

SEE BELv recor hefo° OPT „„a vie it— do0„1 ' kiog in 3 r;,celina ;DCO2t; nd . 0:I 0I 11 on1e0:1 egisivr ter( ib:l, 10):01 0441 of 1 • ,10,0100 , wog r 14° ,ra• - 011,0$ .0 (0031, Irani' 4' rreselltiM "e!. esta 04,1' ehurt"vi are With d, et.S° gefflo to eettef.fo% rot"' et ht rig ed 'hte witls (r3d.).goa ' tp. ; J eee'')E-00 pe.roe;oo firerrit!li ,tioon )iesaie b a.t.gel:trti;lot6.l ITP !,ondn.4l' vv•- • of in.; w loritY of iended,i charg"j ~, Act Pe dr ty liab ,1613 Tbg A it) yea- Unif°lll3 11 b0r0.61 • 011 %Ca' 6° 'eat Do frOol.ll f an, bout u • . , 6 tap • 00 All d dant' boo hi 3 C°f3:;ll prefi 204 fulY - • 110 nig ,F 0 Apar to ,ng Jr." :, officer 1, „ness, twel/ 'ltorb cro,o tandl'

===== 0002601_18931209_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
13..; igfa Ceirs e(01. 901; /eft clOll. Row" au- r brio wee r fes' .;citb boo' 041 0101 1084 .01 TO! veil oP4 ,ettf )ri'Y 3d, ;solli or Ise uts. )rsfr oe, Pi ett for 00 fe) .0

===== 0002601_18931209_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SCiIOOL BOARD.

Ish e monthly meeting was held at the Town hail gal Tuesday night. Dn r. McDougall presided, and 11„ere were present Messrs. E. Imison, T. Handley, 'v.Canon Maitland Wood. G. Moss (clerk).

SCHOOL EXTENSION. rcad Pecial meeting of the Board held at Greenway- tk_ _school on Nov. 17th, Mr. F. litilme, of Liverpool, 107. Board's architect, was present, and was consulted as 41fel-le provision of increased accommodation for girls. tenar,.Pme discussion it was considered advisable to ex- -11.. girl's Achool by building class rooms over the "led boy's class room at the end of the building room n: ,rreenway.road ; also over the present cloak gists This alteration would accommodate 84 more tots... Net 142. • It (ti'lrtals resolved that Messrs. F. and G. Holm° be Prepare plan- for the said class rooms; also thee die 11Peessarc exrension of the cloak room.—At ano- .2l44PBPcirril College,eeting on December 2nd, Mr. Wm. Clarke, was appointed certificated assistant iTersterie at Greenwav-road Boy's school at a salary of £7O arthtlib•—The minutes were approved.

The Sch SCHOOL ATTr NDANCR• that II parents not Attendance Committee reported 66 I Attend were summoned, lf whom 55 appeared. The ',a Nove aece Officer reported that on the 6th and 13th tc,n3..ber lie had lost three cases at the police court ow- too the Parents saying that their children had been 224.1(1 admission at Trinity Boys' School. The costs tor , • would have to be paid by the Board. The vial- relies returns showed that the number of children on the Of la Was 3,663, against 3,747 in the corresponding month 3,(x4t 3 car. The average attindance was 2,976 against for tl and the percentage was 81.2 as compared with 82 , the lo same period a year ago.—Canon Wood in moving to ~,!cliption of the minutes, pointed out that according returns there was accommodation for 373 more r • no en than were in at. enizbi ore. w;„71-te IhoA ALLEGED REFUSAL TO ADMIT CHILDREN. n regard to this cases dismissed by the magiztrates, in ''erli,in reply to the Chairrnan,said at the first hear stlot the cases, the magistrate dilmisssd a case on tile ad2ment of the parent that the child had been refused t mission at school. A aimitar defence being set up in h/veaOrotber cases. The. magistrates expressed a desire to {..zer _the version of the setiont master, and Rent for that ed,`,:mran, b,,t he was not at 11,•me, and the cases were Ile (the Clerk) Lad written to the school Il'question,. him to attend the adjourned bearing. he Rchcol master did not attend, and the cases were ~9lissed the magistrates stating that in the absence of i,":laence to the contrary they believed the statements of ,"Parents.—The Chairman : Had you any acknow ft - ,ed., ement of the letter.—The Clerk ; No.—The Chair- ...lan Said the Committee were caused a great deal of f mible by these kind of cases, and never t )ok them be. ti°trlee th° magistrates unless they felt that they were en- v; (1 to aconviction, and '.f they did not obtain a con- v'teltion, he thought the Board ought to know the reason had'. , rie believed that in the cases in question there Nt:en a miscarriage of justice, owing to the absence to 'n "Portant witness who had not addressed any reply a letter which had been sent to him by the Clerk. It

would be very unfortunate to have instances of this kind occurring again, and he suggested that the officers should be empowered in future cases to issue subpcenas or witness summonses where necessary in order to obviate such difficulties in the future. After further dis- cussion the matter was referred to the School Atten- dance Committee for consideration and report. The re- port of the Committee was adopted.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
Ilkibilar...—,._

EARLESTOWN AND DISTRICT HOMING

SOCIETY.

The annual general meeting of this sotiety took place on Saturday evening, at the club house, Odd- fellows' Arms, Earlestown. About 60 members; fanciers, and friends sat down to an excellently served repast,which was thoroughly enjoyed. After the cloth had neen removed, Mr. H. J. Longton, pre- sident, occupied the chair, supported by the follow- ing honorary members and visitors :—Messrs. IL Slack and A. Fletcher (Liverpool), Timperley (Stockton Heath), James Jolley and A. Twist (St. Helens), T. Harris (Cheater), W. Longton (Newton), and others. The vice chairs were filled by Dr. Patterson and Mr. S.Swann. The usual loyal toasts having been proposed and duly honoured,. the Sec- retary, Mr. J. Wightman, submitted his report for the season's 1893 work as follows :—" I have pleasure in presenting the following report of the past season.i The club has been composed of 3 honorary members and 26 flying members,as against 14 honorary members and 22 flying members in 1892. In 1891, which was the club's first season, there were 4 honorary members and 13 flying members. The reason there is such a decrease in the honorary members this season is because they gave so freely to the local relief funds, but Jam sure you will be pleased to see the club striding forward in the way of flying members. This year 1,026 birds have com- peted in the races as against 341 last year, and 135 in 1891, which goes to show that good birds are becoming numeroi,s,as well as fanciers. There have been three races in England and France for old birds, which resulted as follow,as regards the first six ie each rare —Worcester:: IR. Bartlett, 2R. Bartlett, 3 W. Jump, 4 and 5 J. Appleton, 6J. Smith. Swindon : 1 and special prize, R. Bartlett, 2J. Smith, 3 H. Hibbert, 4 EL Hibbert, 5 and 6 W. Jump. Bournemouth : 1 and sprcial, S. Dale, 2 T. Lythgoe, 3 H. J. Langton, 4 R. Bartlett, SG. Smith, 6T. Lythgoe. Cherbourg: 1 and special, W. Jump, 2 W. Jump, 3 R. Bartlett, 4 R. Bartlett, 5 S. Swann, 6H. J. Langton. There were three races for young birds, bred in 1893. which resulted as follow : Stafford: 1 and special, J. Appleton, 2 EL J. Longton, 3 J. Wightman 4E. Thelwell, 5 W. Bate, 6 J. Smith. Worcester: Ist and gold medal, J. Wightman, 2 S. Swann, 3 Ashcroft and Ball, 4 11. J. Longton, 5 W. Jump, 6W. Cheeseboro. Cheltenham: 1 and special, E. Thelwell, 2 and special, Jos. Earlam, 3 I'. Hall, 4 H. J. Longton, 5 11. J. Longton, 6 W. Jump. There was also a race for birds of any age from Gloucester on the 12th August, which resulted as follows :—Gloucester : Ist H. J. Longton, 2 T. Lythgoe, 3 W. Eaton, 4 S. Dale, SJ. Smith, 6H. S. Longton. On the 19th August, we flew a race from Swindon for aay aged birds, open to all West Lancashire, which was a great success, 91 fanciers competing, resulting as follows :-Ist silver cup, value £5 55., G. Barrow, Newton, 2 Thomas Hall, Earlestown, 3 R. Bartlett, Newton, 4 E. Burrows, Warrington, 5 T. G. Grounds, Warrington, 6 Win. Forster, Warrington, 7 T. Lytbgoe, 8 H. J. Longtnn 9 Thos. Southern (Eeriest- town), 10 Wm. Forster, 11 E. Burrows (Warrington), 12 Wm. Lealgton (Earlestown), 13 Wm. Bennett (Layton), 14 E. Burrows (Warrington), 151 J. J. Longton •(Earles- town), 16 James Lowe (Lowton), 17 James Ince (Ash- 'ton). Prizes amounting to £l9 15s. 3d. Were given in this race, among the first 6 birds, the next 11 receiving 'diplomas. As regards finances, we started the year with a balance in hand of £1 54. 6,1., and finiAred with a total profit on the year's work of £ll 19s. 81. The first prize in each race was 155., 2nd 7s. 61., 3rd 3s. 9d. He ex- pressi cl his thanks to the special prize givers for their gem rositv, and acknowl6dged the valuable assistance he had received from the president. (Applause.) Mr. Timperley afterwards handed round his world's champion from Nantes. The bird was a handsome black cock, slightly ticked white, with two or three white flights, which was much admired. He also showed the brother to the champion, which won first in the Federation race from Arvanc-hes ; this was also a very dark check. The toast of the "Visitors "given by Mr. H. J. Longton was responded to in turn by the visitors present. Letters of apology were read from several gentlemen, and the special prizes, prize money and diplomas were after- wards distributed by the President. Songs were given during the evening and other toasts were honoured, and the proceedings which had been most enthusiastic were brought to a close.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS TOWN COUNCIL.

-- - The monthly meeting of the St. Helens Town Council was held on Wednesday, there being thirty- two members present. Before the ordinary busi- ness was proceeded with Colonel Gamble, C. 8., referred to the illness of the Mayor (Mr. Sinclair), and read a telegram from Waterdale stating that the Mayor was still confined to his bedroom' but was feeling considerably better. (Applause.) Upon the proposition of Colonel Gamble, the Deputy - Mayor (Councillor F. R. Dixon Nuttall) took the chair. ELECTRIC LIGHTING. It was decided to apply to the Board of Trade for a provisional order to supply electricity for public and private purposes in the -borough. In reply to Mr. Kearns the Town-clerk said the limits of supply would be within the borough of St. Helens, and after powers were obtained the Gas Committee would consider what was necessary to be done. NEW BATHS FOR SUTTON. The Water Committee having been instructed to pre- pare plans for new baths at Sutton at a cost not exceed- ing £2,500. a tender was submitted for a building to cost £2,978, another with the omission of stone and other finishes brought it down to £2,783,and a third for a building reduced in Biz.> was £2,500. The Council be- ing asked to decide which plan they would adopt, went intoCommittee.—Mr. Greenough proposed that the highest sum for a good building be accepted. Colonel Gamble, C. 8., moved an amendment that the original sum of £2, 500 only should be spent, considering that ample accommodation would be provided for this sum. ' Plans on too elaborate a scale had been drawn. Instead of keeping within £2,500 the water engineer had drawn plans fora building to cost over £3,000. They had had this sort of thing over and over again, and he had al- ways protested against it, and had to protest against it still. The ratepayers had to pay, and he thought the Council should put their foot down and say they would , not exceed the sum sanctioned. Councillor Massey would discard these plans entirely and send the matter back. Colonel Gamble having agreed to withdraw his amendment, Mr. Massey's suggestion was put as an amendment, hut after a lively disussion was defeated , by 11 votes against 20 for the motion. 1 THE NEW LIBRARY FOR PARR, It was stated that on account of the illness of the Mayor of St. Helena, the opening of the new branch library at Parr had been postponed until next IVednes- day --Mr. Greenough complained that during the illness of tl e assistant at Sutton Library an application to the libra) ian at St. Helens for assistance had been disre- garded. The man had died that morning.—The Town Clerk said assistance had been sent.—The Deputy Chair- man of the Committee promised to inquire into Mr. Greenough's complaint. THE EXTENDED AREA OF THE noaouon. A proposition of the Paving Committee to have the new roads in the Denton's Green district (which leads trom the borough to the cemetery, and which form part of the area just included within the berough paved with stone setts, met with some opposition, but was finally adopted. DECREASE IN SCHOOL ATTENDANCE. Alderman J. C. Gamble called attention to the fact,' as shown in the statistics of the School Attendance Com- mittee, that the average attendance at th elementary , schools in the borough, had decireaged from 88 to 85 per ' cent., which, he said, wa s not a step in the night direc- tion.—Alderman T. C. Wilcock, chairman ot the corn, mittee. said be thought thay did not get sufficiently backed up by the magistrates.—Mr. Mearns thought the times had been really so bad in consequence of the strike that children had been running about, and had not been looked after as they ought to have been.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FEATHERSTONE RIOTS.

-- REPORT OF THE COMMISSION. The report of the Committee appointed to inquire into the Featherstone riots was issued on Thurday night. The absence of the police at the Doncaster race meeting, it stated, left the district at the mercy of the mob. A large body of police might have proved sufficient to quell the disturbance at Acton Colliery ; but inasmuch as the military were ordered out it was a pity they were not met at Featherstone by a magistrate. The number of troops at the pit was so stria!l that it contributed to the danger, and perhaps rendered the taking of life neces- sary at last. The report recommended a more complete organisation of justice and civil power. It held that the conduct of the troops in firing on the crowd was justifi- able, for though an hour had not elapsed after the Riot Act was read, no officer could, in law, stand by and see outrage committed. The troops were in a position of great embarrassment. To withdraw from their position was to abandon the colliery to arson and violence. To hold the position was not possible except at the risk of the men being seriously hurt. In fact, at the supreme moment that the soldiers tired ,t heir action was necessary. The report suggested that some less dangerous weapons might be used by troops in quelling disturbance, and that it would be well to consolidate and codify the law with regard to the suppression of riot.

To DISGUISE the Thad taste of cod liver oil and make it easy of assimilation is to overcome the great objection to the oil as apopnlarooushmeot. In Scott' Emulsion all objec- tions are removed. The oil I rendered palatable Rod made soothing to all digestive organs. As a nourishing fool it is withnut an equal. Phxslcians, the world over, endorse it. Chemists sell it. 2s. 6d. multi,. 64,-00);

j NEWTON BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS.

The monthly meeting of this board was held at the Newton Town Hall an Monday. There were pre,sent, Messrs. J. W. Emmett (chairman), T. G. Ormard, P. McMahon, G. Ratcliffe, E. T. Evans, El. Cillin.(wood, P. Thompson, Worsley (law clerk), Brierley (clerk and surveyor). APOLOGY FOR NON-ATTENDANCE. The Chairman fa sd a letter of apology from Colonel McCorquodale arologising for non•attendance at the meeting of the Beard of Commissioners that day. THE WARDS QUESTION. A letter was read from Mr. R. Stone in which it was stated that the decision of the Commissioners with refer- ence to the proposed wards was not considered satisfac- tory, and informing the Commissioners that the commit- tee had resolved to petition the County Council to divide tile township into wards, with an equal number of representatives for each ward, and to increase the number of members from ten to twelve.—The Chairman said that he thought it was only fair to state why the Commissioners came to the conclusion they did with respect to the wards question. In the first place it must be remembered that the petitiostere scarcely represented one fourth of the ratepayers of the township. Therefore before they could give their deeision they would have to know the opinion of the other three fourths of the ratepayers. Another reason was that the Parish Coun- cils Bill was not yet through Parliament, and therefore the Commissioners were not in a position to jadge whether any alteration would be made. It would there- fore be premature to ask the Commissioners to say whether they were willing at once to have the township divided into wards. He had:read most of the Act, and it did appear to him that they had taken the right course. Whether the County Council had power to divide the township into wards he was not at present in a position to form a judgment upon. He could not see why the matter should be pressed just at present as there was nothing to be gained by it. Personally he had no objec- tion to dividing the township into wards, but they must first of all ascertain the opinion of the ratepayers upon the question. HIGHWAY AND SANITARY COMMITTEE. At a meeting of this Committee held on Nov. 20th, Mr. Brierley reported that on the 27th Oct., a person from Smithfield market, ha.d offered for sale in the lEarlestown market, decomposed rabbits, which on the following day were ordered by the magistrates to be destroyed. In consequence of some legal doubt in the proceedings, and on the instruction of the chairman of the Board, a compromise had been made in the accept- ance of fine and the purchaser of the rabbits refunded for his loss of time, whereupon Mr. Emmett gave notice that atthe Board meeting, he would move that the Pub- lic Health Act, 1890, be adonted for the district. A letter was read from the law clerk, on Mr. J. W. Thorpe's de- clining to pay the hospital charges of his manageress of Wellington Hotel. Resolved that the claim be main- tained, and that he be asked te pay one half of the costs, the offer to be made without prejudice to the claim. A letter dated 3rd Nov. was read from Mr. Thomas Smith on the condition of Tamworth-street. Resolved that he be informed that the commissioners in- tend sewering and pavir g the streets when they have funds available for the purpose, and that the street is used by other than commissioners' carts. A certificate from Mr. Beesley for £5OO due to Messrs. Neill and Sms on the Town Hall and offices at Earlestown was read. Resolved that a cheque be drawn for £3OO, the differ- ence being payments made by commissioners on speci- fied amounts in the contracts. Resolved that legal pro- ceedings be taken for payment of arrears of nig btsoil accounts. Plan for six cottages in Athol-street, off St. Helens-road for Mr. J. J. T. Butterfield, Wallgate, Wigan were submitted and approved.—The minutes were passed on the motion of Mr. Ratcliffe, seconded by Mr. Ormand.—ln answer to Mr. Gillespie, Mr. Brierley said that at some collieries, the coal was still obtained at strike prices, but contract prices were charged at most places. The price of gas would be reduced as soon as possible.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1893.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
GAS AND WATER COMMITTEE,

At a meeting of this Committee held on Nov. 20th, the gas manager's report was read, giving 225. 2(1. as the present average price of coals and cannel supplied. It was ordered that applications be now made to Messrs. R. Evans and Co., and the Whitecross .Co., to resume supplies on the contract terms. The carbonizing ac- count for the past m:mth was received, giving, fuel used, 270 i tons •, gas made, 2,722,400 feet ; being an average of 10,063 feet per ten ot fuel used.—These minutes were passed en the motion of Mr. Emmett, seconded by Mr. McMahon. FINANCH COMUITTE E. _ - -

Accounts amciunting to £1,375 oi. 10d. were sub- mitted for payment.—The accounts were passed, on the motion of Mr. Gillespie, seconded by Mr. Thompson.

_ SCHOOL ATTENDANCE COMMITTEE. At a meeting of this clintnitt,,a held on November 20, the school attendance officer (Mr. Ball) read his report, which was adopted, on the motion of Mr. McMahon. Joseph Jones, 55, Regent-st., appeared before the com- mittee respecting his sons Herbert and Albert, whose at- ter dances had been six and eight out of 95,respectively• i excuses being unsatisfactory, it WWI ordered that legal proceedines before the magistrates be taken in both cases.—Mrs. John Smith, 113, Legh-st., appeared for her son Plenty, who had only made three or four at- tendances since June 9, and was struck off the books on October 6. After bearing her explanations, she was cautioned, and threatened with legal proceedings in case of future irregular attendance. The minutes were passed on the motion of Mr. Ormand, seconded by Mr. Gillespie.

THE EARLESTOWN PUBLIC HALL. Mr. Thompson moved that the resolution passed by the Board as to the formal opening of the public hall at Earlestown be rescinded.—Mr. P. McMahon seconded.— Carried. NEW QUARTERS FOR THE RIMED MEETING. The Chairman said that future meetings of the Com- missioners would be held in the Earlestown Public Hall, iust%d of the Newton Town Hall.—Owing to the next date of meeting falling on New Year's day, it Was de- cided on the motion of Mr. Ormand to postpDne the meeting until January 8, 1894.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
MANCHESTER WESLEYAN GOSPEL MISSION.

MEETING AT EARLESTOWN. In aid of the rescue work which is being carried on in connection with the Central Hall Mission, a well attended meeting was held in the Wesleyan Chapel, Earlestown, on Thursday afternoon. Miss Watson presided over the tneeting and briefly in- troduced the various speakers, who were ladies en- gaged in the slums of Manchester, and who gave interesting details of their work in Connection with the mission. A colleetion was taken at the close, and the sum of 30$. was realised in aid of the funds. A number of those present, and others afterwards sat down to an excellent tea. , In the evening another meeting was held in the ' chapel, when there was again a fair attendance. Mr. Jno. Adams, Newton, presided, and after the meeting had been opened by singing and prayer, he referred to the object of the meeting, and said he had had a copy of the Rev. S. F. Collier's report for the past year, on the work which had been done, which was very interesting. From the report he learnt that right years ago a few God-fearing and philanthropic men started this Mission, at Manchester, arid it had gone on increasing year by year, and a large number of centres had been formed in the congested patia of the city, and it had proved a very great success indeed. On every Sunday they had as many as 10,100 people attending the'r services in differ- ent parts of the city, and Mr. Collier had siid that some- thing like 75 per cent. of these would not L ave attended any place of worship at all, had it not been for-tbe Mis- sion. The work they were carrying on was evangelistic, social, and mission work in the slums. They had a general opinion that in the slums ot Manchester, and other large cities, there was a great deal of poverty and crime, and he felt there was as much work to be done in the slums of the large cities, as there was, in connection with any of their foreign missions, and those who were doing the work, deserved all the sympathy, and practi- cal support they ccy•dcl give them. (Hear, hear.) They all knew that the population of this country was increas- ing at a very rapid rate, and from statistics it was proved that crime was decreasing, and it was owing to Mr. Collier's Mission, Dr. Barnardo's Home, Mr. St-venson's Home, and other institutions of a like nature. (Ap- plause.) Mr. Jones, a mission worker in Manchester, gave an interesting and humorous address in the course of which he interweaved details of the work which is being carried on in the slums. Sister Patty, one of the slum workers, also delivered an address, having par- ticular reference to her duties amongst fallen women. The meeting was very enthusiastic throughout, and at the close a vote of thanks to the chairman arid speakers was heartily accorded.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
_ THE DEATH OF PROFESSOR TYNDALL.

ACCIDENTALLY POISONED BY HIS WIFE. The inquest concerning the death of Professor Tyndall was held on Thursday, and the evidence was pathetic. Mrs. Tyndall was examined, and said that in mistake she gave her husband a dose of chloral instead of sul- phate of magnesia. He noticed a curious sweet taste after he had taken the dose, and she then discovered, to her dismay, that she had given him chloral. When she told him, he said, " My poor darling, you have killed your John." Mrs. Tyndall in endeavouring to continue her statement with regard to the tragic incident, was ' overcome with emotion, and the coroner and jury WC P deeply affectel. Other witnesses spoke of the efforts to restore the Professor, and of his wile's devo- tion and gi ief, and a physician showed how prompt and skilful she had been in endeavouring to counteract the effects of the poison. A verdict of accidental death WAS returned, the jury expressing their siacere sympathy with Mrs. Tyndall.

Mr. Jardine, of internatioral football fame, sailcd this week tor India, to practise at the Bar. "1 he regiment which this year can lay claim to the honour ohhaving the greatest number of tall men is an individual company, it is said, is the First Battalion Scots Guards at Chelsea Barracks, London (Colonel Bar- rington-Bulkely Campbell's command), " A," or right , flank company of that battalion. Captain and Colonel I. R. Jones's has at the present time ninety-three men on its roll, the tallest of whom slightly exceeds six feet seven inches. There 10'0 twelve men standing over six feet four inches, and rir) indi% idual man of the ninety- +. three is below six feet. TI e average height of " TOBLCCONISTS commencing "Illustrated guide (post free TOBACC.N IS TS OUTFUTIDIu road the company 18 given as six feet two and a quarter Bet. 1866.—Advt. Co,-188, Bustou . LOrldoß, inClles.

RHEUMATISM.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSUMED IN. GREAT BRITAIN IS SOLD BN

===== 0002601_18931209_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SCOTCII STRIKE.

GOVERNMENT MEDIATION INVITED. Mr. Gladstome a,ked to sanction Government media- tion for the settlement of the miners' strike in Scotland, writes that the suggestion comes from one ride only. lie points out that in the English case both parties were be- fore the Government in the same attitude after repeat d efforts at conciliation. The moral influence of an Ad- ministration or a Minister, is not, he holds, an instru- ment to which it would be prudent to revert habitually in such a matter ; therefore it is necessary to pause befme assenting to the use of such influence un:ess a state of facts extstb analogous to that which made ti e action of Lord Rosebery practicable and expedient. Mr. Mundella, he adds, will send a competent officer into the district to it.quire into the eispute.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
ELLIMAN'S

ftEMIMMINi

IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

WARRINGTON.

LUMBAGO.

SAL EM.

SPRAINS.

s. 9d.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
IMP? GOLD MEDAL KNITTER

KNlTSStockings, Clothing la Woel, Silk, or Cotton. r•st. TRIUMPHANT A WARD, t

only WINNER In (h• WORLD of of tho bI.7N ',balmiest Stooklii lUbber. :TURD Sr., LOSSOTT—Ttit Ilanninen KNI-11110 48, ULTZI,II/tINALST. MANCLOLtIfEI;

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES.

" 94, 0 mm-rciAl Road. Peckham. July 12, 1889. " Dear Sir—lent a poor hand at expressing my feelings, but 1 shou'd like to thank you. Your lozengee ha r done wonders In relieving my terrible cough.' 'Since I had the operation of" 'lracheo•omv "(I he same as the late Emperor of Germany, and unlike him, thank God , I am stid alive), perormed at St Bartholomew's Hospital, no one could pos. sibly have had a more violent cough ; it was so had at time. that it quite exhausted me. The mucus. whl h as very copious and ,•rd. has been softened and I have been able to get rid of it without alfllculty.—l ate. air. yours truly, J. ILL."

UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. The above speaks for itself. Prom strict inquiry it appears that the boned from using Keating's Cough Los !we* Is understated. '1 he operation wags spa -tally severe oars. and was performed by the specialist Dr. H. T. Butlin of St. Bartholomew's Hospital. nine the operat4on the only means of relief lath,, use of these Lozenges. successful are they that one affords immediate ben fit, although from the uatur Of the case the threat irritation is intense.

WEIGHT IN GOLD. Under date Sept. 8, Mr. ;11l writes "I should long since vo been d, I but for your Lozen es they are worth their weight ix gold. I will gladly see and tell everyone what a splendid cough remedy they are. Keathabei Loz.-nip-s are sold in tins 11.13 d. each. The un- rivalled remedy for COUGHS, fIOAUSIINROS.and THROAT TROUBLIIS. •

MANUFACTURBRB OF ART FURNITUR

By PATENT MACHINERY.

IMPOUTANT INVENTION for the married, harmless and certain 4 stamps for sample. —O. ANDREW, 51, Perth- road, Loud al. N.

MARRIED LADY'S Price List of Correa' ~13 and Pre- ventive/. with valuable Re ipeo, free for Stamped Addreaa.—Mr. Hatt, Bider Grove. Sheffield.

- - ARISTOTLE'S WORKS, with plates 352 pages, 30 stamp.. "Parts by night, or Gay Life In Paris" ; Illustrated 30 stamps.—Post free It BOWYER, 27, Renshaw-st., Liverpool

ARRIBD LADIRS.—INPORMATION OP PRICELESS IV VALUE (Plt I).—Send at once stamped envelope to Mrs. L.. 4, Bradl,y-st.. cheßlAd. (Pima, name this patter.)

--- UXCHANGE tor tampe,l Envelope for particulars. Mar- JD tied Lady h a most valuable harmless recipe for BATIAY, Broui-st., Nottingham.

TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS for Females, quickly correct all Irregularities, re.nove all obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptoms so preys., lent with the sex. Boxes Is. lid. and 2s. 9d of all chemists sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker. B. T. Towim. Chemist, Nottingham.

ONE BOX OF CLARKE& B 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all discharge; from the Urinary Organs, In either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Paint In the back. Guaranteed free Irons Mercury. Sold In Boxes, Os. 6,1. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throngliout the World ;or sent toeßy address for sixty stamp by the Makers, The LINO.Le AND SAIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agersts; BARCLAY & London. and all the Wholerale Houses.

(Full Musk Siie). r T 0 RIAL IlwiThe Pictorial Tutor being published at Net P Price, it canhot be obtained of A NoFO RT E s"-en t PoD,etsi,rriepet iovie, aPproosi ip,.e.,citiuos, to " Magazine of Ilus'c." Office. UTO 13 ' The mo,t re- markable& cheapest book ever published. Tho NET, . POST Contains PAGES 7o Illustrations and over :so Songs. any la ok or RAW:: edlerundersa 20, Ludgate Hill, London, hC. Plantfurte simplifted. FREE Dances. Carols, Anthe us and Hymn Tunes. .

DROORATIVII AND B. 0 _ SIN . CABINET MAKERS &UPHOLSTERERS g 4iii3VNITT.L..til 1'11.14111,15n, _ • GI

===== 0002601_18931209_art0086.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, • t • J

J

===== 0002601_18931209_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
IP2ITA BLIBI IBIRKBE C

Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, Loudon. TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed on DEPOSITS, re-payable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, on the minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lOO. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purchased and sold SAVINGS ' DEPARTMENT. For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small 3Um on deposit, and allows Interest monthly on each completed £1

1851. B

ANK,

BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH.

BIRKBECK FREEHOLD AND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASH A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE !MILLINGS PER MONTH.

The BIRKBECK ALMANACK. with full particulars. post free FRANCIS 110,..VRNSCROFT. Manager.

A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.

.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S PILLS

ARE universally admitted to be worth a Guinea a Box for HlBoas and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Pain In the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fullness and Swelling after Meals, Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Thishlngs ot Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Scurvy and Blotches on the Skin, Dis- turbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb. lin; Sensations, ttc. The first dose will give relief in twenty minutes. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try one Bozo( these Pills, and they will he acknowledged to be

===== 0002601_18931209_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

For females of all ages these Pills are invaluable, as a ew doses of them carry off all humours, and bring stout all that is required. No female should be without them. There is no medicine to be found equal to Beechani's Pills for removing any obstruction or irregularity of the system. If taken ac- cording to the directions given with each box, they will soon restore females of all ages to sound and robust health. Thil has been proved by thousands who have tried them, and found the benefits which are ensured by their ure. For a Weak Stomach, Impaired Digest:on, and all Disorders of the Liver, they act like magic, and a few doses will be found to work wonders on the most important organs In the human machine. They strengthen the whole muscular system, restore the long lost complexion, bring back the keen edge of appetite, and arouse into action with the rosebud oh health the whole physical energy of the human frame. These are nem testified oontiuually by members of all classes of society, and one of the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debilitated is, BEECHAM'S PILLS have the Largest Sale of axe Patent Medicine In the aril.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S MAGIC COUGH PILLS. ,

As a remedy for Coughs In general, Asthma, Bronchia Affections, Hoarseness, Shortness of Breath, Tightness and Oppression of the Cl•est, Wheezing, Ac., these Pills stand on rivalled. They are the best ever offered to the public, and will speedily remove that sense of oppression and difficulty of breathing which nightly deprive the patien of rest. Let any Person give BFIBCIIAM'S COUGH BILLS a trial, and the most violent Cough will In a short time be removed.

Prepared only. end Sold Wholesale and Retail, by the Pro prietor, Thomas Beecham, St. Helens, Lancashire, In Boxes 90., Is. ltd. and 2s. 9d. each. Sold by all Druggists and Patent Medicine Dealers every where. N.B.—Full directions are given with each box.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
JUST TRY THE GRAND MEDICINE.

A GRIPPIN IS FREE FROM POISON. It is a mast wonderful discovery and has never yet failed to any new Rash oli the Skin or anyone hot and fever;sh. a What., signs of a person beginning with Measles or SsyriA, Fever or Smallpox, a few doses of Agrippin cure like magic. AGRIPPIN CURES ERYSIPELAS, with only a few doses it makes the skin very red and pain- ful ; also it cures very maickly any winful Inflammation whatever; or Influenza, or Cold in the Head. Li quickly, CURES SORE CHESTS very quickly, and should not be neglected, because it Is generally tue heOnnitig of Inflammation of the Lungs "Pneumonia "which Is very dangerous. A GRIPPIN CURES when all other remedies haw, failed, wood p dsonlng, blood disorders. dropsy. pleurisy. abus n tho site, back and loins, liver comp alcis, bites nu ornlrntls, bronchitis. shortneis of breath, And neuralgia. SOLD BY JOSEPH BIBBY, Grocer, St. Jamees-etreet, Latchford. Prepared only by T. FORSTER, PATENT MEDICINE VENDOR. BARLESTOWN. LANCASHIRE.

ilkauss

•REIN HARRISON " • Lists 1.4. per • PA nIX The B 60d 11•4Ahs. AI. Mak,. -• lirsaok 111444, 77 Oir,

===== 0002601_18931209_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
A VOYAGE ROUND DIE

WORLD.

_ .

===== 0002601_18931209_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
A CHAT WITH MR. F. W. MONKS.

SOME INTERESTING STATEMENTS. The other day, writes a member of the " Examiner " staff, Mr. F. W. Monks kindly granted me an opportunity of interviewing him upon his voyage round the world, which he completed a fortnight to-day. Exposure to the extremes of many climes had had its effects upon Mr. Monks's fea- tures, and left them bronzed and weather stained. It was on the 18th of January when he left War- rington, to do what Mr. Cecil Rhodes calls" belting the globe,' and thus he was ten months away on the trip. Despite his hard travelling, however, Mr. Monks appeared to have satisfactorily fulfilled the objects in view. He combined business with plea- ' sure and succeeded in improving his health and ac- quiring much valuable information. "The first place," said Mr. Monks, 'which impressed me as being very striking, was Cairo. This was because of the pictur- esque appearance given to the plase by the mingling of almost every nationality. There were Egyptians, Europeans, Americans,Armenians,Turks, Soudanese and representatives of African tribes from as far West as Tangiers. All wear their national costumes, and, as you may imagine, create a most picturesque contrast. The climate is simply delighttul, and I look forward to paying another visit to Egypt, with pleasure. The Pyramids! oh, yes. I visited those grand monuments, and, like • others who have seen them, I was impressed by them and amazed that the huge blocks of stone of which they consist should have been placed into position by physical effort, when it would be a difficult task, to-day with our wonderful engineering appliances. There was one matter which surprised me, and that was the sharp dividing line which separates fertile from desert land. Wherever the Nile extends,there is luxuriant vegetation, and it is possible in many places to step off this fertile, grassy land on to the dry sandy desert. From Cairo I sailed via Aden, to Bombay." " You would observe something of the Anglo- Indian home life, in which so much interest is taken just nr,w, I suppose ?" "No ! Having no personal introductions and being so short a time in each place, I had no opportunity of gaining . access to the private houses. But there is no home life as there is here. The climatic condiaons are co different, you know. When the child- ren reach the age of six or seven, they have to be sent to Europe to be brought up. It wild never be possible to colonize there, as we do in more temperate regions. In my opinion the sooner we teach the natives to govern themselves, and leave them to manage their own affairs, the better it will be tor this country. Of course such a policy does not commend itself to Anglo-Indians for the very suffi-iient reason that they would be deprived of their offices." "The relations between the Anglo's and the natives—are they of a friendly character?" "Generally speaking I shou!d say so. In com- merce the natives are rather too much for our people, though. They are very cunning, and very fond of sharp practice.' "About your journey from Bombay to Calcutta, Mr. Monks." "I went to Calcutta via Delhi,Agra,and Luclinow, Sic. There was one point about the journey which struck me particularls and this was the congested condition of the passenger trains. Case after case I saw wfiere natives had to be left behind, because of the lack of accommodation. The engines and compartments are very similar to ours, except the first class compartments, invariably used by Euro- peans. In these the seats; are placed lengthwise, to permit of theie being turned into beds atnight. Only four persons as a rulenre placed in one compartment for this reason. Each passenger has t• supply his own bedding, but the inconvenience of this is not felt very much because one always, in India, travels with a man servant or "boy," who looks after these sort of matters. All through the North of India one sees an enormous number of Mohamedan mosques, the most interesting being at Benares. As we sailed down the Ganges there was a splendid view of these to be obtained. It was rather amusing, by the way, to see the number of natives who bathe in the river— there were hundreds of them to be seen. We also saw several native cremations along the banks. They are conducted quite publicly and in a very crude and simple fashion. The lyviy, quite uncased, is placed upon a heap of wood. The rich natives purchase scented wood for the purpose, but the poorer people use the wood they can procure cheapest." " Were you fortunate enough to see the carrying out of any native ceremony ?" "Nothing to speak particularly of beyond the Cremations." "What was your impression of Calcutta?" "Well the city is so large, and so beautiful that one could not attempt to ilescrihe it without care and trouble. It is certainly the city of palaces, al- though much of is present- beauty is the outcome of the European settlements. There is a matter which always impresses itself upon a luropean when visiting one of those large Indian cities. It is the nakedness of a great multitude of the natives. But one soon gets accustomed to it. It looses its strangeness because of the dark skins of the natives and the surroundings. After a short stay here I left for Rangoon." "Is Rangoon so unhealthy as it is generally des-

Oribed?" "No—at least the settlers led me to understand not. It may have merited thedeseriptionindaysgone by, but recently many sanitary improvements have been carried out in the town. The water supply is now obtained from splendid reservoirs, or tanks as they are called. Formerly the supply was obtained from the river, and from wells, and since this sys- tem has been abolished the town has been free of its old scourge—cholera. The drainage scheme has also been improved. I insp-cted it and found , Shone's ejectors in operation, and working very well. I left Rangoon for Colombo,in Ceylon. Here the vegetation grows in a most delightful and wonderful manner. Plants upon which we have to bestow the greatest care in our hot houses grow there to abnormal heights and form the hedge rows. They present sights so charming that to depict them by words would be an impossible task. Such plants, for instance, as the Sensitive plant, which we can hardly raise to nine inches, grow in the open to 15 feet and 20 feet. There are very fine botanical gardens here. "In what way are the ordinary in lustries carried on?" "Very much as they are in India. The nativea work in their own homes Some very fine silver work is done in Randy. And in a somewhat Peculiar fashion. If a man requires to have a silver article made, he first has to supply the 'raw' material in the shape of rupees which are smelted and then worked up. For this work the natives charge at the rate almost of half a rupee for every rupee they work up into a design." 'Upon leaving Ceylon where did you sail to." "I sailed next, to Australia. But I cannot say that I saw mnch scenery worthy of admiration. There an - peered to be nothing hut " scrub" and blue gum trees, and the landscape is somesch .t mono-011one, • " You were there at the time of the bank failures, I believe Mr. Monks ? " "Yes, I was in Adelaide and Melbourne at the time, and was surprised to see the calm philosophical manner in which the people took their misfortunes. One could almost have fancied they had been acquainted before- hand with what was going to happen and made every preparation." "What is your opinion of the financial crisis in that country " Well they have at present put the reconstruction I scheme into operation but I cannot help thinking that this is merely an expedient for giving a tem- porary relief. If there is a revival ;n trade, no doubt much of the danger impending upon other commercial houses will be retnoved The Anstritlians gamed to think they had passed the crisis, Nit I notice that, recently there have been a number of failures and I am afraid there ray he more." " How did you find tra.le in Melbourne, Mr. Monks ?" "'Twas very had indeed. There was practically no basiness being done. It was no doubt a sequel to the financial troubles. Many People in high stations in life had been sorely affected by losses. On every hand people were being, r,,rnmlied to retrench— Many of them compelled to sell their horses and carriages and dismiss their servantt, and live altogether in a smaller way." " Yes, and I suppose this sort of thing would extend to the artizan class ?" " Yes, decidedly. The question of what to do with the unemployed is as great a probkm as it is here. It is perhaps the zreatest question the kist ralians have to solve. At the present time the rate of toy to a labourer ' is Bs. a day for an eight boors workirg day. If the men would make COMP COrieeti,eoO it would no doubt enable the employers to pis ,vide more employ- But I am sorry to say, the men prefer

t ) live on their_ friends, _or upon what they can bee,

rather than modify their' demands. The sy,-t-em of pro- tection there is also, it appears to me, inflicting the greatest injury upon the country. They mac have been induced to go in for protection by the success which attended the system in the United States, quite overlooking the difference between the population, there being only 3,000,000 in Australiaagainst €4,000,000 in the States. You see the home cAssumption in America justifies their protective policy to same extent." "Did you observe much of the agricultural conditions

- of the country ?" " Not very much. What I did see • did not impress me very favourably. The land is very poor and certainly is in great want of water, From what I could gather it takes on the average two and half acres for the pasture of one sheep. Accordingly the exercise in covering the ground must be a little ag,ainss fattening. In England I believe the pasture required for two sheep is only one acre. The cities generally appeared to be in good sanitary order. At Melbourne, there is a depot rt t work very much like ours at Longford. I could not learn whether it paid or not because it had only been in operation a few

months." " In addition to Melbourne, Sydney,and Adelaide, you visited Brisbane I suppose, Mr. Monks." " Yes I did. The people there seemed to be still suffering from the effect of the floods which visited the city the previous March. And what a flood it must have been ! One could see some five feet up the lamp posts and walls, the mark of the water line. Even in shops and offices the water line was to be seen still. At the time of the flood a steamer which was moored in the river was carried and deposited by the inundation high anct dry upon the bank. Another flood came and lifted it back into the river. Two or three bridges were swept down by the combined forces of the rushing water and debris. Even when we sailed down the river there were to be seen along the banks clusters of ruined houses." "Did the chief cities impress you as possessing any particular characteristics ?" " Well, I was somewhat amused to see the fashions which held good in some of the leading cities. In Mel- bourne for instance, the people perspire under silk hats and frock coats, and follow up as nearly as possible the London fashions. In Sydney they are not so particular, and attire themselves in the more comfortable slouched hats and light cloths, whilst in Adelaidethe inhabitants look like the English country people." " What route did you take upon I, aving Brishaine 2" " Along the north coast to Java. This is the most pleasant voyage of all. It takes seveliteen days, and for onlytwo days were we outof sight of land,while crossing the Arafura Sea. Upon this voyage we saw the Pearl fisheries. The maritime hunters ot these shells are being

compelled to go more and more southward as the resources near the coast are almost expended. As they get into deeper water, and encounter greater dangers, the expenses increase the prices of the pearl shell." "Java! Yes, it is a beautiful place. Owing to the climatic conditions,the vegetation here is gloriously green all the year round. To visitors this is a charming fea- ture, but there is no doubt it becomes monotonous to residents. I could not help but think that were the Island held, by the English instead of the Dutch, there would be a greater yield from the remarkably rich soil. It is difficult for an Englishman to make himself under- stood here. At Buitecizorg there are magnificent botani- cal gardens. From Java, I went to Singapore. It is a very pretty place. The Chinese population is very large and it would appear that they are likely to push out the native Malay element. They are more industrious than the Malays, and save money from a wage which the natives find only sufficient to live upon. All the police here are drawn from India, chiefly Sikh. They manage the Chinese better than the Malays. From Singapore I sailed to Hong lE*ng, a beautiful place, rather small, well situated, and possessing a number of pretty gardens. Here in Hong Kong and other Chinese towns the natives are now obtaining their supplies from Japan, since tile exchange difficulty has set in and thus they avoid much trouble, as the currency of both coun- tries is the same. From Hong Kong we sailed up the river to Cantem, the dirtiest place I should imagine on earth. The streets are so narrow that one cannot travel in a carriage, and you have to be conveyed about in a sort of a sedan chair. As a matter of fact there is not a road in the whole of China wide enough to admit of a carriage being driven along it. As we proceeded in chairs through the town, the boys and girls took the opportunity to shout fankeei (foreign devil). On the other hand, the Coolies always seemed respectful, and took off their hats. I couldn't understand the reason for this marked respect, but..l found out the cause."

Mr. Monks smiled at the recollection, and be added" I noticed that the Coolies' hats were so broal that to savethem being knocked off by the sedan chair, they took them oil voluntarily. I was alluding to the Chinese as a commercial race. I was told by Europeans that they were the most upright people to deal with. Once they have contracted a bar- gain they will adhere to it even,at a serious loss to them- selves. They are very prompt at paying their bills. In- deed one of the customs of the country is that the natives consider it a religious obligation that th3yshould free themselves of debt by the c)mmencement of the new year. This they always strive to do. They are a dirty race of people though, and I can assure you the stenches with which the air in Caston was laden •eadered it necessary for us to clear out as soon as possible. Drains had been laid I think—some hunilr ed years ago—but apparently they had never beets touched since." " I rum Canton we sailed to Shanghai,where the streets are very wide and well kept, toe government of the town being in the hands of Europeans. English people go to London to see life ; Americans go to Paris. For the same reason the Chinese go to Shanghai. It is quite the thing for young Chinese noblemen to come from the in- terior and spend:a week or a fortnight in Shanghai. It serves them very much like London serves us, and in my mind there is no doubt that the natives are gradually having their eyes opened to the conveniences and advantages of Western civilization. There is a pretty public garden in the city, in which bands play five evenings dur- ing the week. Here the Europeans meet and as they are not compelled to wear wraps in the evenings, the scene is one of great pictur<squensss. There is no railway here. The Eurnpeans old endeavour to lay one to the mouth of the river, so as to have the port there, but the natives were offended and threw the rails into the river. We left Shanghai for Japan in one of the fine steamers of the Nippon Yusen Baisha. Arriving at Nagasoki, I was rather surprised to hear two Europeans say they had not seen a railway for 15 ant 18 years, while they had been in Chini." " There is a great deal of artistic work to be seen there of course ? "Yes, I think it is really the only country where a man is appreciated according to his ability in his trade. I was very much struck by the difference of the work for export and home purposes. The best artistic work is limited in,quantity and is bought by the

natives." " Is there any striking contrast between the Japanes3 and the Chinese." "Yes. The Japs if not cleanly are nothing, which cannot be said of the Chinese. The Japs take their 'tub ' twice a day. They are a very simple, childlike race, but are certainly clever at artistic work. The first impression we receive of them is that they are like grown up children. They are only small in statue—five feet I should bay is the average height. Much has been said about their adopting Euro- pean manners, but they are going back again to their original customs and dress, and very sensibly I think 1 they are acting in doing so. You can scarcely imagine the unbecoming and ridiculous sight they represent when dressed in European attire, especially when stand- ing by a European. They are Very economical and clean. 1 several times took off my shoes when entering their houses, rather than soil the floors. It is their custom to always take off their wooden shoes before entering a house." " From Japan I presume you would go to America 2" "Yes to Vancouver, and over the Rocky roe intains to Winnipeg and on to Chicago. Then into Canada, through ' Toronto, Quebec, and down the Hudson to New York. I was also at Boston and several other places. I think the country offers many better prospects for a young man who is able to go out with a small amount of capital. He has many better chances than in England. But at present trade is very bad there. When I visited Philadelphia the arCzan classes were in such straits that a relief fund had been started to sustain the people who were in many cases on the verge of starva- tion. Many large iron and steel works had not been running for two or three months and it seemed to me that the tariffs imposed by McKinley had had the effect of causing the production to go beyond the requir- ments of the country. The campetition was so keen that the ruling prices in iron and steel were below ours. Whenever the United States go in for free trade there is no doubt they will be able to compete with us in 9ther countries. I hope the day may be a long way ofrwhen this comes about. Wherever I have been I noticed how keenly the English trade was suffering from the Germans and Belgians. And in face of this, the policy lately adopted by the col- liers, it seems to me, is simply suicidal. If this were the only country from which coal, iron, and steel could be obtained, then I could understand the position taken up by the leaders of the strike. There is no doubt whatever that if we are to retain our trade in foreign markets our costs will have to be reduced." "How did'you find the feeling regarding Englisk sup- plies in most countries ?'' Australia and:othc r pl icea wherever the diffe- rence between our prices and continental prices was only 54., orders were always placed with English agents. When the difference was 7s. 6 I.per ton it became a mat- ter for consideration, but w here the difference is 10s.per ton, almost invariably the orders leave the English agent." "To revert to America again. Did you observe any- thing of their political life ?" " The chief thing that I noticed was that the Ameri- cans are becoming less the bigots of partizanship. They do not tie themselves t one party. If at one election the Republican policy seems favoarable, a voter will vote the Republican ticket, whilet at another election he may vote with the Democrats. I met quite a large number of persons who had done this at the last election. It seems to me to be a very geed sign."

"Did you call upon any Warzingtonians, Mr. Monks?" ." Yes I saw Mr. Whitham, at Worcester, Mass. He appeared to be in very good health. The only thing that was troubling him at the time was, as the staff at the works at which he was employed was being reduced, he expected to receive notice to leave. Before leaving the country huwever, I received word from him that he had not received notice." Mr. Monks afterwards made some allusion t the mannerism of the Americans. The voyage home in the Etruria was somewhat rough, owine, to the gale which had been blowing the previous week. The countries that appear to have impressed Mr. Monks most were Japan and China, plAces which he observed he whould like to study .more thoroughly.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0094.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
a 4

===== 0002601_18931209_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURD Y.. DECE

THE SHIP CANAL

A "GREAT FACT."

That the Ship Canal T;T:;-er-ea-t-f-a-ct " is now clearly recognised in Liverpool. At the meeting of the City Council on VVednesdarit was resolved to ask for a pro- visional order for the incorporation of several important Local Board districts which are now outside the city boundaries. If the scheme should be carried out the population of the city of Liverpool will be increased by more than 100,000 people. The scheme was advocated on the ground that the trade of the port was "threatened " by the Ship Canal, and it was necessary that the people of "Greater Liverpool " should unite " in protecting the trade on which they were all depen- dent."

THE CANAL AT RUNCORN. Dredging operations are being extensively carried on in the Ship Canal in the Runcorn district. Three vessels are at work, viz., the Mtnchester, the Barry, and the Walter Bibby, and a tremendous amount of material is being removed each day. The Walter Bibby is used in the construction of the Preston docks. Good progress is being made with the tidal opening at the Old Quay. The largest sailing ship which has come along the canal Irons Eastham arrived at Saltport on Friday last week. It is the Harvest Queen, 1943 tons burden, laden with timber from West Bay, America. The cargo consists of 2,643 loads of thnber, and is consigned to Messrs. Cross- field and Co., of Barrow. THE FIRST VESSEL ON THE SHIP CANAL. On Thursday, the first vessel sailed along the Ship Canal trim Eastham to Manchester. It had been arranged that the company's steamer Agnes seed Would .leave the Prince's Landing Stage Liverpool, with a party of directors on board, at an early hour, thence proceed- ing to Eastham, where the canal was entered. At East- ham the Snowdrop, one of the large Wallasey ferry boats was in readiness, and no time was lost in proceeding on the journey of inspection, the company on board includ- ing the principal directors and others, including Sir Jos. Lee, Sir John Harwood, and M:. Leader Williams, the engineer to the company, to whom the proceedings of the day, especially after the numerous difficulties which have been overcome, must have been very gratifying. The weather was bitterly cold, and a strong wind pre- veiled. Runcorn was reached about ten o'clock, and Acton Grange shortly before eleven o'clock. The turn- ing of the swing bridges in this district, notably at Stockton Heath and at Knutsford-road, was witnessed by a large number of people with considerable interest, but it was on arrival at the locks at Latchford that the greatest concourse of spectators was to be seen. The Snowdrop, which was followed by two steam tugs, reached the locks at a quarter-past eleven, and, amid a cheer, it left at twenty-five minute; to twelve on its way to Manchester. Amongst the spectators at Via locks, in addition to the officials of the compan7, may be men- tioned Mr. Alderman Wright, of Warrington, and Mr. T. Longdiu ',borough surveyor). The trio was in every respect a most successful one,and the directors expressed themselves much gratified with the successful comple- tion of the gigantic undertaking.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BANKRUPTCY COURT.

FRIDAYS—Before Mr. Registrar Nicholson. TEM BIIRT4N CYCLE CO. —rite adjourned examieation of W. Chetwood Burton, of the Burton Cycling Co., was further adjourned until January 19, 1894, in consequence of the accounts not being completely made out, owing to the debtor's illness. The registrar informed Mr. Burton that it was absolutely necessary to have them made out by next date of hearing. BANKRUPTCY OF A WARRINGTON STATIONER.—AIfred Downs, 1, church-street, stationer and news agent, appeared to undergo his public examination. Mr. P. Davies represented the debtor whose gross liabilities were £216 93. 3d., there being a deficiency of £135 10s. 6d. The debtor alleged as the CALI'63 of his bank- ruptcy, tad trade, ill-health, and losses owing to the smallpox epidemic. He said that he commenced busi- ness twelve years ago at 1, Church-street, as a stationer, without capital, and had taken a shop at 3. Buttennar- ket-street six we- ke ago. He stated that part of the deficiency of £135 104. 6d. was made up as follows : Depreciation in stock fixtures £63 184. 4d., depreciation in Ship Canal shares, in the Provident Association, Lon- don, and in deposits in the Peers Economic Building Society, £ll. The debtor had kept.no peeper books.and could not file a detailed deficiency account. Owing to the bad trade and ill-health, his household expenditure had exceeded his income. He was not aware of his insolvency wail last week, and aseerted that ha did not contract any liability with such knowledge.—ln answer to questions by the assistant official receiver (Mr. A. C. Potter) the debter said that he was first aware of his insolvency owing to a judgment which Mes-re. Rock Bros., Limited, gained against him. He never made a proper examination of his liabilities, because he had such a large stock, and did not think it necessary,as be thought himself solvent.—Mr. Potter said that he had great sympathy for the debtor, and was sure that he had done his best to give an explanation of his affairs.—The Registrar . " What about the shop in Buttsrmarket-st., which he took five weeks ago ?" The debtor; " I took it to sell off some of my large Brock I had at the other shop. I thought I could sell off the stock. The rent was £6O per annum, and the Church-street shop £26." Mr. Davies said that the debtor was very ill at the time, or he would not have taken the shop. The registrar thought that ta be all the more reason why he should toot have taken the shop. He however thought that it was a mistake in judgement, and c incurred with Mr. Potter in his sympethy wite the debtor. The examina- tion was then closed. "AN ABOMINABLE CASE."—Joseph Robinson, Broom Edge, Lymm, baydealer, also appeared to go under his examination. His gross liabilitie3 amount to £l4l is. 11., with a deficiency of £135 133. He alleged as the cause of his bankruptcy, loss through falling mar- kets. He commenced business two years ago without capital. He kept no books whatever, and had made no attempt to ascertain his financial position at all, at any time while in business. WI admitted that he knew of hie insolvency in February of the present year, and that nearly all his liabilities had been contracted with such knowledge. The liabilities were mainly for hay and , strew. The debtor admitted that he praetised betting at times but only to a trifling extent, and did not think that he had won or lost anythme.—ln answer to the assistant official receiver, the dsbtor said that he did not usually bet more than 2s. 61. for one horse. He attended race meetings twice or three times a year. Be had done so this year.—Mr. Potter said this was a scan- dalous case in a small way. The man had not only been living on his creditors, but also has been betting with their money.—The Registrar : " It is an abominable case. Although only a small ease, it is the worst I have ever known."—Mr. Potter : " I agree with you, sir."— The hearing was then closed subject to the necessary forms being complied with.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
PE NKETII.

Taz RECENT GALE.—The recent gale has caused a large amount of damage to the lists manned by the men from Penketh. One captain has lost his flat and two or three others have had very narrow escapes, one of them hav- ing been bound on the Welsh coast for nine days owing to the rough weather. TEMPERANCE LECTURE. —On Friday evening last week, a lecture in connection with the Wesleyan Band of Hope Society was delivered by Mr.J J. Jakemsn,of Liverpool, lecturer to the Temperance Socie•y. The lecturer gave a very descriptive and ph aant 1-cture, describing the injurious effects a'cchol producad on the human sys- tem. There was a fair attendance, and the lecture was much enjoyed by them.

MUTUAL IMPROVEIIENT ASSOCiATION.—On W!.dnesday night a concert was given in ciennection with this Society. The programme had been provided by Mrs. Parker, and was well filled. Mr. Parker, the president, in opening the meeting, said the usual custom had been to open the session with a concert, but as they had been unable to do this, they were holding the concert then. The programme consisted of pianoforte duets by Miss Fanny Garnett and Mrs. Parker; violin solos by Mr. Fildes ; duet by Misses Fanny and Hilda Garnett ; readings by M. R. Garnett. and R 11. Pisnett ; and a song by Mr. Appleton, who received a hearty encore. Mr. Parker had kindly pr,vided refreshments, which were done justice to, and a very pleasant evening was brought to a close at 9-30.

JUVENILE CONCERT.—On Thiir•idav night a concert was given by the pupils of the Mies Bush, in the San- key Sunday school, the Vicar, the Rev. E. S. lackson,in the chair. Messrs. W. and H. Oxen had charge of the stage and the limelight. The pupils,numbering 13,were I under the leadership of Mks Florrie Bash, and Miss C. :I Bush presided at the pianoforte. Toe programme con- sisted of dumb bell and Indian club exercises, choruses, and tableaux vivants. The following Pupils took part : —Misses Frances Fairclough, lie tie E igerley, May Perks, Mary Riddell, Ada Brocklehurst, Hilda Crosby, Dorothea Smith, Annie IC .nwrighi , Rosa and Mabel White, Eva Gilbert, Gertrude Richardson, and Masters TOM Perks and Duncan Atilecknic, who looked very picturesque in hill Scotch costume. The proceeds will go to the Distress Fund, a.n I am mhted ti over £lO. The Rev. R. S. Jackson °reposed a vote of thanks to the MiSSAS Bush and the children for the charming entertain- ment.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES A.A)

ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

" Splendicrall round exhibition" was how everyone described the League match, with Rochdale Hornets on Saturday. And in this case no scepticism of mine led me to disbelieve this general opinion. There was tine trifling disadvantage in connecticn with the match, however. This was owing to the presence of a person whose manners cast a chilling influence over both spectators and players. I allude to John Frost, Esq. This person had also got the ground in such a firm grip the" bone" was only knocked out of it after some 300 of those quiet Warrington youths, who frequent the ground, had been practising upon the arena for half an hour. For some time, however, there was some doubt as to whether the fixture should be brought off, owing

to this unpleasant condition of the field. However, this obstacle was overcome and all danger of accidents occurring was removed by the prompt manner in which the referee followed up the tackling.

One noticeable feature about the match was the bril- liant play of the visiting forwards ; it was play which was admired alike by their oppments and by the spectators. Despite this advantage, however, the home backs were simply impregnable; those brilliant forward dashes of the Insects produced nothing more than a buzz of applause—no scores. The try scored by Taylor during the first half was, indeed, a brilliant effort, and was another instance of the capital abilities possessed by this young, though popular member of the club. The second half of the game enabled Warrington to c )ntrast their staying powers with the somewhat limited capaci- ties of endurance possessed by their opponents. The aggressive play during this period was entirely on the Warrington side. This would have meant a consider- able augmentation of the score had the energy been followed up by the necessary amount of finish.

The home forward play wag chiefly represented by Jolley, Taylor, and Bailey. The Bates were both in good form again, and at times their play simply stag- gered their opponents. This excellent form was greatly facilitated by thvir unselfish passing. Fleesom, who filled Boscow's post again was in good form and his de- fensive play was a great factor in enabling Warriitgton to make a win of the game.

The statistics in connection with the competition are at present thus :

rld. Won. Lost. Drn. GT. G.T. Ptia- For. Agst. Oldham 8 . 6 . 1 . 1 .. 13 11... 2 4 ...13 Swinton 7 . 5 . 0 . 2 811.. 1 1 ...12 Wigan -7 . 4 . 1 . 2 ... 3 6 ... 1 0...10! Warrington Tyldraley Salford

i;:on.ghton Rangers 7 ... 2 ... 4 ... 1 ... 5 2 ... 6 6 ... 5 Roctutse Hornets 8 ... 1 ... 5 ... 2 ... 2 1 1 10 ... 4 Barrow Broughton 7 . 0.. 7 . 0 1 2 -.18 17 ... 0

ANTECEDENTS.

The subject of our antecedents" this week is the sterling forward of the Warrington Club, William Ran- dies. This player first saw the light in Orford-lane, in the year 1862 so that he is a Warringtonian bred and born, and is 31 years of age. Although born in the Orford end of the town, he has lived the greater part of his life in the salubrious (?) district of Bank Quay, and is engaged at the Soap Works of Messrs. Crosfield.

It is as a footballer chiefly, that Handles is known. His first experience at " leather hunting " was with the Warrington True Blues, who played in a field off Liver- pool-rd., which club he joined in the year 1879, after- wards transferring his services to the Warrington Rovers who played off Lovely-lane. In these two junior clubs, which were prominent clubs in their time, he was a three-quarter back. His abilities were recognised by the football authorities of the Warrington club, and in jubilee year, 1887, he was chosen to play as threequarter back for the A team.

After playing at tbreequarter back, he was drafted into the" shoving "department of the A team, and so well did he play among the forwards that in the next season, he was promoted to the premier team with which he has played with very few exceptions since. In fact during the seven years he has been playing with the club he has scarcely missed a match. Amongst the playing members of the club, he has been playing the longest period, with the exception of Turner and Jolley. The forward division is not a place in which individual play is usually very prominent, and he must be a most excellent player who shines in an extraordinary decrree during a match. Randles, however, has done a good deal of hard work, and does not shirk his work in the scrimmages. He has done a considerable amount of scoring during his time, which shows that he is pos- se>sed with good judgment in utilising his chances.

In other branches of athletics, he is not so prominent as in football, hut he is a fair cricketer, although he has not played for the Warrington team. His ambition has not riFen higher than playing in the junior clubs, amtangst which has been Bank Quay Missien,and Trinity clubs. He is not a mean antagonist at bowls, and has played in several matches prcmoteci amongst the Soap works employes by Mr. A. H. Crosfield.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW BOOKS, &c.

Oae of the Cranford series of books recently issued by Macmillan and Co. is "Hood's Humourous Poems," a reprint of all that is best of Hood's lighter verse, the quality of which is so well known and appreciated. It is capitally illustrated by Charles E. Brock, the preface being written by Alfred Ainger. A nursery story for very little children called " Mary," by Mrs. Molesworth,(Macmillan) is one of the books sure to be in demand for Christmas presents. With a num- ber of pictures to stimulate the interest which is always felt in Mrs. Moleeworth's books, "Mary ".cannot fail to please. Two complete stories fill "Christmas Arrows," the Quiver annual. Evelyn Everett-Green contributes the fir t(" Hilda York,") a very interesting and well written story, and the Rev. P. B. Power, MA., supplies the second. The first part of a new volume begins with " Cassell's Family Magazine" for December, a magazine as popu- lar as any and as deservedly so. The "Cabinet Portrait Gallery" for the same month gives three beautiful cabinet photographs ; one, a group artistically represent- ting the King and Queen of Dmmark, the Princess of Wales, the Duchess of Fife, and the Lady Alexandra Duff, the other two being splendid portraits of Sir Henry Norman and Mr. Santley. The principal literary feature of the Christmas number of "The Century Maeazine," is the beginning of Mark Twain's serial novel (" Pudd'nhead Wilson,") with por- trait of the author. The opening chapters promise well, I and the remaining stories, illustrated articles, Sze., are quite up to their usual high standard of excellence. We have received from the publisher, (John Heywood) a seasonable book with a seasonable title, "A Basin o' Broth." The broth is composed mainly of Lancashire herbs, and the herbs are tales, rhymes, and sketches made by Teddy Ashton and Co., including. Capanbells, Ben Adhem, and the Gravedigger. As the name suggests the sketches, &c., are mostly in the Lancashire dialect, and are cleverly written, in addition to being humour- ous and entertaining. They are very suitable for public reading and reciting. "Teddy Ashton's 'Xmas Annual" is a similar hook en a smaller scale' with the almanac and weather forecasts for 1894 included. Another of Messrs. Saxon and Co.'s indispensable six- penny books is " Everybody's Letter Writer," being a complete guide to letter writing, and containing the correct method of addressing letters in all possible eases, I adapted to private, social, commercial or political uses, with illustrations. For excellence of reading mattcr, variety of contents, I and the high tone of its selections, the Christmas num- ber of "Great Thoughts" deserves a hearty word of commendation. Two richly coloured presentation plates " The Good Shepherd," and " Mary's Offering are included, with a number of complete stories and short extracts in prose and verse. One of the best, if cot the best sixpenny journals for ladies is "The Gentlewoman." The issue for Dec. 2nd contains a portrait of the Mayoress of Warrington (Mrs. Greenall), alottg with a number of the new Mayoresses of the British Isles. On the opposite page is a portrait of a wide-awake, charming baby—The Lady Alexandra Duff ;—the entire number is refined and varied; alto- gether an excellent one. " Sylvia's Home Journal" is another well-conducted, comprehensive journal which caters exclusively far the fair sex. The Christmas number presents its readers with an artistic design of portion of a band for portiere or piano back, and book cover in ribbon embroidery.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
LIZ MM.

LOCAL Boann.—The monthly meeting of the above Board was held on Tuesday evening, when there were present—Mr. J. Gregson (chairman), Messrs. J.Holt, W. Bra zendale, R. Whitelegg, A. Mclntyre, S. Appleton, E. liolt,and J.Perrin ; Ridgway (law clerk) Mullard (clerk), J. Mort (surveyor), W. S•verS (gas manager), and W. Rouse (captain fire brigade).—Mr. Mort, in his report, stated that during the month he had examined four canal boats,and found everything was in a satisfactory conaition. There were two cases of overcrowding, one of which had been abated and the other was under observation. Tenders were received for the tnarchase of twigs in the meadows belonging to the Board, and the tender of Mr. Johnson, Black Bear Bridge, Warring- ton, was accepted.—The Law Clerk read the gas mana- ger's report. I rim which it appeared that the consump- tion of gas during the past month had been 1,406,700 cubic feet, this being an increase of 45,000 cubic feet over the corresponding month of last year. The mana- ger also remarked that two street lamps had been broken, one of which had only recently been attended to.—The repoit waspassed. This was all the business of interest before the Board

-

[BER 9, 1>93.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Intel:s to the Vator.

NOTICE TO ConnEsPoNDENTs.—Several le Ile I'S- 4,- some of which are in type—have be en held over owing to pressure on our space.

WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY AND THE

GYMNASIUM. Sir,-1 shall be glad if you will afford me an oppor- tunity of correcting a wrong Impression which I an afraid has been created by the statement made by Mr. Aitken in your issue of Saturday last. His letter implied that the Gymnasium Committee are wanting in sym- pathy with the Society he represents, and had peremp- torily refused the use of the building for the concert to be held on Tuesday evening next. This is not so, and Mr. Aitken's application was carefully considered, with a desire to assist him if possible, but as the members had already been put to inconvenience through the erection of the necessary stage for purpose of rehearsal, and further, by closiug of the Gymnasium for a week during the late performance by the Amateur Dramatic Society, the Committee did not consider it would be wise fa the interests of the institution to further encroach on the goodwill of its members, seeing that their fees were payable in advance This was tully explained to Mr. Aitken, and also, that as the building was not yet provided with necessary seating, great difficulty would arise in the arrangement for so important a concert. I trust under the circumstances the public will give the Gymnasium Committee some little credit for having en- deavoured to meet Mr. Aitkan's wishes, and so help him out of the difficulty to which. be referred.—l am, yours faithfully, ..... _

===== 0002601_18931209_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
W. WELSBY DIMMELOW. Hon. Sac., Warrington Gymnasium.

r.m.t4rz••:..r,gra,

===== 0002601_18931209_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COAL WAR.

Sir,—lt is wonderful what an army of friends the poor collier is blessed with,and it is surprising how they differ in their mode of friendship. In the first place, there is the great army of workers who have been suffering with their wives and little ones, and yet murmured not one word of censure, because they knew that the collier was fighting in the first rank for the cause of labour, so that the workers might have a living share of the profit of his labour, and, thank God, they have won a noble victory. Then, again, there is another very numerous class of friends, especially when the collier is in full work and a bit free with his money, and they are those little petty shop-keepers, and a host of others of the same kind,who are never satisfied unless they are making cent. percent. on what they sell to the collier and other workers who trade with them. But, if the collier, or any other worker, should rebel against their masters' tyranny, they are terrible in their denunciations, not because they have any personal dislike to the collier, but because their tak- ings are not as large as they usr d to be. Then, again, there is another numerous class of friends, and they are those renegades whom trades unionists call blacklegs. Now, if " Cymro "had been working among colliers all his life time, and, as he says that his wife is a collier's daughter, he must know that the collier deserves all he can get, if he would only consider the risk he has to undergo. But it is a question of £s. d. with Cymro." And, I am sorry to say, that there is a itTultitude of the same type who are for ever lecturing, the colliers and other workers who have the courage to stand up for a wage sufficient to feed and clothe their wives and children. Then " Cymro " goes on to say that it is no secret that they are selling steam coal at Oldham for lls, per ton, brought from Swansea in South Wales, which is bought at Swansea for ss. . Now I don't like:to say that " Cymru "is uttering an untruth, but I am afraid • that he is stretching the facts, for the following reasons :—(1) That the coal in the neighbour- hood of Swansea is all house coal. (2) All the steam coal that is shipped at Swansea has to be brought from Aberdare and the Rhondda Valley, and I am certain that he cannot buy it at the pit mouth for ss. per ton, without speaking of the carriage to Swan- sea. Now, it happens that I belong to that town and know what I ant talking about. Then, Cymro "says that he has yet to learn that the Govern- ment has a legal right to the minerals of the country. He says they might have a moral right. But Igo fur- ther than him and say that we have a right to all the natural mineral resources of our country. And then, again, I think that it is a monstrous shame that some fifty persons should have it in their power to paralise the whole of the industries of our country because up- wards of 300,000 working men would not submit to work in a coal pit for a starvation wage so that the fifty might have the more to squander at the gambling table or the race course. Now, Sir, if the workers cf this country were wise, and would act wisely, they could very soon alter tke little game of trying to starve the colliers and others, who are willing to work, hut want to by sending a fair representation of labour into the House of Commons to uphold the rights and dignity of the workers in general. Remember, fellow-workers, there are none who know your wants like men of your own class. I hope you will for the future take no heed of the plaintive cries of " Cymro." and his kith, as they are very much like so many dogs in the manger. " Cymro " should understand that man requires something more than work in this old world ; he requires time for self- culture, both mental, and physical, also for the society of his wife and children. But he cannot do this if he de- pends on " Cs-mro's " reasoning, and is to be ruled by the arbitration of the capitalist. In conclusion, I woul.l say that he who would be free himself must strike the blow.—Yours &c., 33, Wiowick-street. Warrington.

J. PRICE.

THE ETHICS OF INDUSTRIALISM.

Sir,—Perhaps you will allow me a few more inches of space to reply to Mr. John Peers on the labour question. In my last letter I exposed the hollowness of Mr. Peers' argument with regard to intimidation by the Miners' Federation. To argue that, because a few colliers used violence to and intimidated others, the whole of the men constituting the Miners Federation must be described as " tyrants," is about as magnificent an example of men- tal confusion as I have ever come across. But John really improves in his mixing of things as he goes along. There is a devil-ma'-care recklessness about his building of an argument that cannot fail to amuse even if it does not convince. For instance he says that every man has a right to sell his labour in the best market at the best price possible. Of course "every man "means a unionist as well as a non-unionist. Therefore the members of the Miners' Federation had the right to get the best possible price for their labour. But not only have they a right to do this, but this right " must be rigor- ously enforced and upheld." These are the words of Mr. Peers, but no sooner has he laid down this proposition than he proceeds at once to demolish it. And this is how he does it. He objects to see the chemical workers of Widnes marching ta Preseot Workhouse and back for 81. a day to enable the colliers to fight out their dispute with their masters, a dispute, mind you, which was not begun by the miners, but by the coalowners, of whom it is absurd to say as Mr. Peers himself declares, that they have a right to minerals which they have never seen. Very well, my opponent's argument is that the men have a right to sell their labour at the hest possible price; and that they have not the right to sell it except on the coalowners' terms, because other men would be thrown out of work Will John kindly oblige in your next issue by reconciling these two obvious contradictions. And will he also be good enough at the same time to show how the right of the miners to the best price can be' rigorously enforced and upheld," except by ceasing', to work, and sending the chemical workers t'o Winston to work for eight-pence a day. I wonder if it ever occurred to you Mr. Peers why a body of chemical workers who create vast wealth, should he compelled to avail them- selves of vvhistonian advantages, when miners or some other workers are " rigorously enforcing " their rights. " It will he a bad day for England when she accepts the precept that you may do evil in order that good may come to yourself." So says Mr. Peers, but I am sorry to say he is too late. Industrial England has not only accepted the precept, but practises it every day. It's a sad thing to say, but there is no use beating about the bush ; we may as well admit it at once. But what I object to is, and what really prompted me to enter into this discussion was, that Mr. Peers and " Cymro " should wink at the evil done by the coalowners and presume to lecture the minera for exercising what under our present competitive system is their undoubted right. Just listen to this statement made so reeently as last Saturday—" Turn where one may one finds the modern habit of thought to be that capital is first and labour nowhere. The shareholders of a company which has been capitalised by promoters at twice the just value of the business look upon their' rights' to dividends as a sacred pos- session, and they are generally willing that the labourer should starve rather than that their demand should be foregone. The demands af the capitalist have been sus- tained by preacher and economist alike to the utter oblivion of those of the capital-maker. So a demand for a living wage is a crude expression of revolt against this neglect. The worker is coming forward to say, We must have our share in the benefits which are accruing to Inankiud from the increase in labour-saving inven- tions, and In the power of men to control the forces of nature.' Hitherto the capitalist—be he an honest pro- vider of money or a fraudulent ' promoter ' or large handed waster of millions [This is where Mr. Peers' talisman " thrift " would come in, I presume] raised for purposes in themselves, and to a moderate extent legi- timate—has intercf pted nearly all the profit which the progress of invention has brought to mankind." And further : "Once and attain I have gazed on the squalor and degradation in which tens of thousands of the labouring classes of this country live, and have won- dered how these people did not at once lie down and

die." These are not the utterances of a fanatic like my- self John, and whethpr they will lead to anarchy and bomb-throwing I cannot say. They are the deliberately written words of the city editor—the money and com- mercial editor—of that eminent!y respectable Tory organ, the London "Standard." I shall look neat week for my opponent's further attempt to bolster up the moral position of his friends, the capitalists. It needs it.— Yours, kc.,

===== 0002601_18931209_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
"COMMON JUSTICE."

DRINK AND LABOUR.

Sir,—The events of the past few weeks touching on the drink question seems to call for a few words from me. do not wish to set myself up as an authority,but I have an earnest desire to do something towards liber- ating my fellow-men from a thraldom that carries along with it, a thousand and one plausible excuses. Having had some experisnce of the labour question, and having been much in the company of my fellow labourer, both in his serious, and in his jovial humours, I have had to come to the conclusion that to drink, directly, and in- directly has he to look for the cause of all his woes. In the recent elections, Warrington has acted no worse than scores of other towns throughout England, and it is of no use turning round and rating the workingman for his stupidity. All the little petty-fogging " causes " which are floated,ancl to which he is invited,are so much waste of time, and of money. It is well-known that the man who spends a larger portion of his earnings in drink, does not attend these meetings. Another thing is well-known, especially to those who, like the writer, have been a pretty good at- tender of the pub ! A pretty large percentage of the topers are good scholars, and constant readers of the " Daily." When sober, these men will average a higher general intelligence than those who are dealing out the goody-goody stuff at social unions and such like. They will, many of them, confess to you that they know as well as you do that such an one as keens a Black Horse, or a Bay Horse pub is not to be compared with the other man who is a manufacturer. He knows that the one who gives employment to a heap of people in turn- ing out a fine piece of leather, is a better member of society than the man who turns hops and other miscel- laneous articles into beer. What then ? How is it, you will say, if he knows al this, why does lie act so stupidly ? Well, I will give my opinion about it. He is a good deal of a pessimist, and he don't know it. He has come to the conclusion that the strongest portion of the social fabric is against him, and it is no use struggling. He knows that the Bible, tells him strong drink is not for princes, but that it is for" him that is ready to perish," and for those who are of" heavy hearts." Your columns have recently borne terrible evidences as to the number of heavy hearts in Warrington. I suppose if the heavy hearts of the coal centres,and of the mill, and factory centres,could during the past few months have been a public view, what a chamber of horrors tire' would have made. Tom Mann has recently said something about the churches. What he said about hypocrisy we believe to be true. If we are wrong, so be it. Churches and employers do not come within the workman's list of friends. The former is a grand, and stately fabric, with a stand-of-ish air about it. The latter lie knows nothing of. It has lost its personality, making an appearance now and again behind two stately horses. The workman will never forget the taking of a penny in the shilling to pay the extra coal bill. He is now silently hoping it may be as Dead Sea fruit in the mouths of those who take it. A few more failings have employers, and church-goers,and I leave them to be dealt with by John Peers who will, no doubt, avail himself of the opportunity when he has done patting the" scab " on the back. The drink question will never be a buried question so long as its ending, or mending, is left in the hands of the churches. It will never be an unknown quantity so long as it remains in politic. The public-house exists because the public demands it, unfortunately. Public sentiment and law on the one side, and the selfishness of capital on the other, make it what it is. 'The more you oppress " the trade" the more it retaliates and de- generates. Until the public is convinced that it is an evil, all attempts to repress it must fail. Remove it from politics by placing it on the same level with other commercial enterprises. Remove it from all taxation, by offering licenses to all who conduct law-abiding places. Encourage a better class of men as keepers of public-houses. See that all drinks are pure and with- out chemics. What I have said is the result of much study of the drink problem. It is worthy consideration. Not one of the fads already on trial, nor yet one of those aimed at by the temperance party, has the ghost of a chance of bringing satisfaction to anyone so long as beer, bible, and politics, put money in the pockets of the few. PAUL BERT.

===== 0002601_18931209_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
POLEMICAL AMENITIES.

" But were the Middle Ages less cruel than Pawnees, Hebrews, ROMP ns,or Assyrians ? Obviously the inedirs- val tortures inflicted on political prisoners, witches. and heretics were as nefarious as any known to ancient or savage conquerors. Nothing is changed but the vic- tims. Then you find Covenanters torturing witches, Episcopalians in England or Scotland torturing Jesuits, wizards, or Catholics at large. You find Covenant-ra burning naughty little boys alive. Yeu find William and Mary just as ready with the " boot " as James II was. Then the burning of witches slowly dies out as the edu- cated Joss becomes sCept:caI."—ANDREW LANG. Sir,—l am indeed sorry that Mr.J C.Dalton should have taken my attempt at mediation so much amiss. I was quite sincere in wishing to moderate the furore of wordy schismatic war. To this end I suggested to these jealous champions a common platform from which, instead of mauling each other in •a cause alike in badness, they might turn their weapons to use against a common enemy from this common platform. But my idea did not seem to "take on." Each combatant finds it easier and more congenial, to fling mud at the other dug from the ruts in which they prefer to stick. I am sorry for this. It is painful to see two estimable gentlemen thus illustra- ting the fable of the black and white sided shield. Both sides are right, and both wrong—inasmuch as both their churches have been sinners in intolerance and persecu- tion. Mr. Dalton'a side has been the greatest sinner in this respect, because it has had the greater opportunity. Human nature has a deal to do with these things. I presume both these gentlemen were born in the faith they so zealously defend. Like cabbages, where they are planted there they stay. Had the fates so ordained it they would have been equally zealous Mussulmen or Brahmins. This being so, I think it a pity to see them thus wasting their energies while a common enemy is attacking the very citadel of their faith. So much on the general aspect of the question. Now I beg to offer a few remarks for the further consideration of Mr. Dalton. As this gentleman has entered upon this discussion I presume he is not averse to hearing a plain statement on the other side? In his nostrils the word rationalist stinks. At this I have no cause to wonder. His creed has ever had the strongest aversion to reasoned personal judgment, and has, wherever possible, persecuted it to the death. The slight acquaintance of our critic, with this " reasoned judgment " or rationalism is fully I evinced by his having to go back a whole century to rake up an adverse example of the intolerance of ration- 1 alism. And to misname a frenzied mob—wild with the excitement of having so recently broken loose from the galling bondage of a grinding tyranny—to call the unreasoning madness of the French Revolution—ratiow alism is surely a misuse of terms. This is not the rationalism of Hume, of Leckv, Huxley or Spenser.. It was a quarrel among the Catholics, in which the mob sidoi arrainst the clerics, as having aided and abetted their tyrants in their oppressions. It speaks volumes in tavour of rationalism that Mr. Dalton would get no nearer for a home thrust. Why are not the sects flying at each others throats—rending each other to pieces— burning and torturing. as was their wont a little time ago P Why are we even now, not obeying the injunc- tion so strictly enjoined upon us in certain documents of " not suffering a witch to live " ? Because we are get- ting to be more reasonable—more reasoning— more rational more Rationalistic ! Will Mr. Dalton kindly tell us what other caur,e can have produced an beneficial a change ; while we have the Scriptural injunction still staring us in the face. Is not obedience to this injunction as imperative as ev it was ?—Yours, &c.,

===== 0002601_18931209_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN PEERS.

Sir,—Under the above heading in; yours of Saturday last, Mr. J. C. Dalton advances the oft-repeated and fallacious assertion. "In every case where sanguinary punishments have been inflicted for heresy (!) it was the civil authority which passed sentence and inflicted punishment, and the Catholic (Papal) Church obliged the ecclesiastical judge to plead to the civil power for pardon for the culprit." Mr. Dalton must think your readers very ignorant if they cannot see through such an absurd argument, as though the judge who passed sentence on the innocent Protestant, must afterwards Plead for his aequittal. Why' then did the Council of Constance in 1415 order John Huss and Jerome of Prague to be burnt to death ? Why, sir, it was because they taught "The sufficiency of the Scriptures as being the only safe rule of faith, the bread and wine to be taken by clergy and laity alike, at the Lord's Supper, etc," whereas this very Council had decreed that the wine must he withheld from the laity, ordaining," that every heretic who should dare to advance any contrary sentiment, should he banished and tortured by the In- quisition." Verily the tender mercies of the Papacy are cruel ! I wish also to point out an error in one word of my last letter. The word " defence " in the quotation from Dean McNeile should be " defiance." I advise Mr. Peers to study the system cf Popery before he again rushes into print," Cramp's Text Book" or' Rainsford's or Hyslop's Two Babylons " are standard books. Super- stition and ignorance join hands in the Papacy. ROBERT FOULKES. Frodsham, Dec. 5, 1893.

• THEFTS BY A LTIVIA MAN—At the Northwich Police Court on Tuesday, Geotge Mountford, labourer Higher-larc. Lvinin, was charged with haying stolen two horse rugs from the Stanley Arms, Anderton, near Northwich. Prisoner was further charged with having stolen a hridl a Lymm, tha property of Edward Gib- bon, farmer, Lymm, between the 17th and 20th, Nov. The charges were proved, and the prisoner was sent to gaol for three months on the first charge and for one day In the second

WEEKLY REPOBT ON THE lIEALTtI WAItRINGTON During the weea, which was the 48th of the current year, the following births and deaths viers registered :—Births : Warrington, 28 ; Latchford. 5; tot a 1,33. Deaths : Warrington.2s ; Latchford, 7,; total 32. The excess of births over deaths was ir The death-rate from all causes was equal to 30.2 per 1,000, against 181 the average of the previous loarf: weeks, and against 16.1 the corresponding week er last year. The death-rate from the seven chiei zymotic diseases was equal to 4.7 per 1,000, against 3-9 the average rate of the four previous weeks, a11"- against 4.3 the correlponding week of The ages of mortality were :-0 to 1, 1 to 5, 6 ; 5 to 15. 1 ; 15 to 25, 2 ; 25 to 60, 7 ; 60 " 10 ; total, 32. The deaths included 1 froa enteric fever ; 2 from scarlet fever ; 2 from whoop' ing cough; 1 chicken pox ; 2 from phthisis ; 3 fro° old age ; 1 from cancer; 1 from diabetes ; 8 from' lung disease ; 4 from heart disea-e ; 2 from brill!' disease. The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during the week :—scarlet fever, 8; enteric fever, 2. METEOROLOGY.—The mean temperature was 42.5 Fah., and therefore 4 degs. higher than the preceding week. The maximal temperature 59 F., was recorded on the 29th inst:; and the minimum temperature 21 F., on the 211 r, inst. The rainfall measured .18 inch. The getters'. • direction was W., the reading of the Anemomer eenoting 1.250 miles.—JoHN H. GontvALL, filediem Officer of Health.

SAD DEATH OF A WARRINGTON CARTER. THE L. & N. W. fir. CO., CENSURED. Mr. S. Brighouse, county coroner, hold an iuquest 10 the Parade Room, Irlam-st., yesterday afternoon, touch' ing the death of a carter in the employ of Messrs. Clare and Ridgway, named Frederick Hanson, who was killed whilst unloading bricks at the Dallam-lane siding. idei Bland, solicitor' Liverpool, represented the London o_l North estern Railway :Mr. Forshaw,solicitor,apneare" on behalf of the deceased's relatives, and Mr. G. BrOWfl cashier, was present on behalf of Messrs. Clare a 11,4". Ridgway. Mrs. S. A. Hanson, wife of the deceased,sa'' on Monday she went to the Infirmary and found her husband suffering from injuries. She saw him twice before his death, and her husband told her that the railway company were to blame. Be said he stood on , the waggon unloading, and he never received any warn- ing at all. Rachael Allan, nurse at the Warringtog Infirmary said decew.e.l was brought to the Infirmarl on Wednesday afternoon about 2.30 suffering freal severe injuries. He died on Tuesday morning at 6.45, Thomas Holbrook said he was foreman shunter in tbet employ of the London and North-Western Railway 11, Dallam-lane siding. On Monday there was a coal trail) of 26 waggons at the Dallam-lano branch, and he gall instructions to a shunter named Rigby as to what wa" to be done with them. The last six waggons of the train were to be shunted into Richardson's siding, thed two following were to be shunted in the iron siding, an the remainder into Richardson's siding. Witness then went away leaving Rigby in charge. He was 11 aft" wards told by Mr. Haddock, gas engineer, that a man had been badly hart in the "iron"siding,. He went there, and saw deceased :lying hurt in the brick wavon.--• Richard Rigby, said he was a brakeman in the empt°C of the L. and N. W. Railway Company, but sea shunter was ill, he had to take his place. He received instruc' tions from Holbrook as to the distribution of the vra,g; gone, and he got a shunter named Sickenson to asso3" him. fie told Dickenson that after the last six sor gone were shunted, he was to turn the points for tho! iron siding for two wagg,ons,and he (witness) unhooke the waggons. Dickenson ha] only been in the emples of the L. and N. W. fly. Co., one week, hut he seerne quite capable ot doing the work. Dickenson, howeVert turned the points or the iron siding, with the resuh result that the six waggons for Richardson's siding were shunted into it, and they collided with the gon on which the deceased was working.—Jose Dickenson (19), said he had been a shunter for the Rai° way Ceinpany one week, but lie had been engaged hi Messrs. Pearion and Knowles as a shunter for twelve months previously. Rigby told him on ti* date named to " kneck two or three of Walker's wag' gone in the iron si,ling." tie asked him whether the were to go first,ancl tie understood Rigby to answer yes' He saw Rigby give the signal to the drives, and he turned the points for the iron siding. Witnesi said he made an inspection of the waggons standing iU the iron siding before he turned the points, as was ill! duty, but in cross examination by Mr. Forshaw mitted that he did not dose, and didn't notice the cart, being laden at the siding.—Thomas Morton, engine,, driver, and Albert Leigh, fireman, gave evidence as" the speed the engine shunted.—Richard Jenkins, Or. ter for Messrs. Care and Ridgvrav said he went with tbe deceased will his cart to the Dallain-lane siding. Theft had almost finished loading their carts, when, withouf any warning being being given to them, a numbene coal waggons WPI e shunted with considerable force. (witness) did nit receive much injury, but he folio' Hanson right between two waggons, the buffers of t," waggon being smashed off. It was with great ditn' culty, the deceased was got from between the tvre waggons. He was afterwards taken to the Infirmarrs Aftera short consultation, the jury-returned a verdie° of" Accidental death " caused wholly through the 10 competency of the servants employed by the Londog and North-Western Railway Company.

- --------, Warrington.—Printed and Publisher; bSonx Vir ee y X C°' at The Azhanner General Printing VVorks. 8e5ve,(76.400 and Published also at The Examiner Offices, Victor" Of. WIDNES ; High-street, iluvooas ; 32 Gearge-stree,.e. aLagß,rt. Helens ; and M , 33, ' arket-street. iLELT:STOVI2r. 9 1893.

===== 0002601_18931209_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
[oh r en! ni

,ne d, F Lj 133

5. 0 0 0

o 0 o o

o o o o o o 4 o

o I 0 0 0 65 55 0 o

Or IL° lIRIST EDUCATIONAL TRU ST. ninety.B C--•. *,ll LECTURES FOR THE PEOPLE. itetar. The --ed by. th Oxy-llydrogen Lime Light. Last of the Popular Scientific Lectures will be delivered in the URSDAY, DCEMBER 14vH, 1893. PUBLIC: HALL, RONCORN, ~,,50zy,,911 THE VOLCANOES," by Professor H. G. SEELEY, "ogra 'R•G•S., F.G.S., F.L.S., F.Z.S,, Professor of don, and Lecturer on Oe,,logy in King's College, Lon- !rdian. REF. Mr. PREiTON, M.A . E.D, tesetv.,r4lON, ONE PENNY; a limited number of Seats, 6.1. escli Doors open at 8.30 o'clock. entrance if `"ktt en,e at r seats in the body of the Hall. Lecture to 7 30.

PUBLIC HALL, 'RUNCORN. A GRAND MISCILLANEOVS IL-1 124NTERTAINMENT •ne • luding a fanciful Operetta entitled " Lazyland," Will be given by the SCHOLARS of the GREBE WAY ROAD BOARD SCHOOLS. 1:34 MONDAY, DECBMBFR 18th 1893, when MRS. TOMKIN,ON wiLLING, ON HALL. TARPORLEY. p Qrtly con•ented to distribute the Prizes for regular n hnetual.attenda• ce end for success in School work. I.:AN D WILL DELIVER A SHORT ADDRESS. Ato 1' be taken at 7 o'clock, by THOS. HAND.LEY n Ihek Zl6blON—Front Seat.. Is. ; Second beats. las. eltob, eat'. 6d.—Tickets may be had of the Teachers d ProCeedB i a,d of the &Molars' Prize Fund.

ITISII WOMEN'S TEMPERANCE ,A prTi„, AS3OCIATION. j,,RIt 4,1-0 MERTI NG will tw held in the GOSPEL TEM- i UALL, BUT A. TERMRICET-STREET. CT MkONDAY Mr. 4irCEICIER 112,1. at hllf past - even, qc_ 0.. 4411 mi„lt_ °BEETS will preside. Miss BICSI.E 1 BUTTON QUEEN will speak. A Collection to defray uses, .

tD-STREET WESLEYAN CHAPEL, WARRINGTON• TO-MORRow (SUNDAY), DECEMBER 10th. Morning 10.30, Rev G. D. MASON. Evening 630, Rev JOHN GUNNELL. 314 Itilthem • "The aßdi nt Morn."—Woodward. 11011(1", C. 11th, altB prompt, in the Lecture Ifsli "A aV To t, tvjflr in Scotland.' Illustrated. by magnificent lime- ' . reeitati ns. scotch songs, instrumental music on guitar and auto-hp. Sce. Adm.ssion One Penny. Reserved Seats Sixpeace.

4,AthWONDERFUL WATCII.-503. c 4.184 'toughly reliable ALL HAND MADE SILVERE LEVKR WATCH. camjewelled, ed. I• rlo,"" STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEetVYSOLID I 4-• HALL-MAIIKED CASES. wel. finished, and specl_ to fit flat In the pocket, "FOR FIFTY S HILL- NT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH ti at watch is timed to a minute, and will STAND LY DRFIFS COMP' lON I A bona fide •,,Ittch :kruarantee for 15 years given with each watch. This ;-,rn b- had in all s,zeis fitted with crystal or lunette ilUrii,Vnarae price 'To be obtained only from R. and A. wat.Thm k e THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK. t • Warrington.r. r • Post-free to all arts of the United Kingdom 6eeint of P. 0.. P

WiRRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY. SEASON 1893-4 DRILL HALL, BATH STREET. TUDo(SPeetany eated and arranged). '""zDAY NEXT, D EM B R 12TH, 841;1114 lIANDEU- "SAMSON," .—MISS THUDICHUM, -MADAME BERTEN- JAMES GAWTHHOP MR. BANTOCK rißß- b °Den at 7. CONCERT 7.30. CarataGEs, 10: Gr,"lBr AND Ace ,MPANIST —Mr. J. B. CALDWhLL. pR.,„ONIM.TeTOR—MR. F. H. CROSSLEY. 4-I4pz,/ „.oRS oF ADMISSION : 51.. 3e.. and le. t °Pen at Mr. R. H. PRA.RSON'S, Bold-stree .

_ 11"e°RN MUSICAL .SOCIET In conjunction with THE WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY. HANDEL'S " SAM ON. s'"o DRILL HALL, RUNCORN, WIIDNESDA.Y. DECEVBER 13Tn. AUSS ARTISTES THDDICHu. 'ANTI ME ALICE BERTENSHAW. GAWTHROP. MR. BkNTOCK PIERPOINT. n RAND and CHORUS of 200 Voices. 1:100,;'°/thuoToit—MR. FRANK H. CROSSLEY. °Ph N at Mum 7 to commence ,at 7.30. Satin: Al)nktiNsioN:-39., Zs., and Is. 'Jae sba„ll,9. TICKETS at Mr. BOLLAMY'S. Tickets from any Member of the Seciety.

11°MA S COWDELL• 1, ESTATE AGENT, RILL-ST., MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON. A }tents collected in Town or Country. gelit t°RoYal and Liverpool and London and Globe In,urance Companies.

NVEDDING RINGS.—PURE GUINEA GOLD via 22-CARAT WEDDING RI NGS. Largest Stock and best ue in the town or district. Sold by weight from Ts 6d. to All sizes and shapes, including the Round and Half- 4ound always in stock. Finger size cards post free. H. AND A. EUSTA NCB, TnE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. N.B.—Private Room for fitting. ESTABLISHED, if 64.

GRA.TIS WITH THE EXAMINER. ON SATURDAY NEXT,,DEC. 16TH, OUR ANNUAL SHEET ALMANAC Printed in two oolours upon toned paper WILL BE PRESENTED TO EACH PURCHASER OF THE EXAMINER. THE SHEET WILL BE ADORNED WITH A BIRIXING AND EFFECTIVE VIEW L OF THE OF ON THE Siiir CANAL AND WILL CONTAIN MANY NEW FEATURES EMBODYING A LARGE AMOUNT OF LOCAL AND GENERAL INFORMATION. ADVERTISERS WILL Do WELL TO AVAIL THEMSELVES OF THE LARGELY INCREASED CIRCULATION EP THE EXAMINER ON ALMANAC DAY: --- NEWSAGENTS ARE REQUESTED TO ORDER EARLY.

OMAS F RAIN, 4114 nuET coLLEcToit, house, Estate, and Ueneral Commission Agent, t„411110,,, ‘4.uItnSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. Wlint,r;"' Alb ACCOUNTS regulArly collected in town 0: appli—nEßTS PURCHASED. References and Term Communications promptly attended to.

STOTit FIEADACHE & NEMIALGIA .•ert • POWDERS, s ipperati,e Stor- 3, tlrd 00.4"1 cure in 10 minutes. From all Chemiatt. Grocers. Or 33 or direct from the Proprietors. Post stamps. Zes le. lid., and 2e. 9d. R. STOTHERT AND SONS, WitoLESALE CHniiSTS, TRRRTON NEAR MANCHBSTER.

( A cja„../HRISTMAS I CHRISTMAS! i•UP 811LISCLION of CiiIIISTMAS and NSW- .'.44 LARD& EIA.ND-PAINTND and othera can be Lad at kX4ATT T. CLARK'S, kere„,-"It" 011,10 E, MART-ST.. EARLESTOVVN. va, iety of Christmas novelties in general, together Y'ar'y Vo umes, Ficture Books, &e.

CHRISTMAS SEASON, 1893-4. WT. WOODS & SON, WATCHMAKERS. JEWELLERS. AND SILVERSMITHS. SANKEY-ST. AND CORPORATION-ST., WARRINGTON. ANNUAL CHRISTMAS SALE COMMENCING WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 6, AND DURING CHRISTMAS SEASON. SPECIAL DISCOUNT OF 2s. IN THE t FOR CASH.

PUPTURES. - FOR CURB OF RUPTURES. Al) T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Svgloal Appliance Works, 7A 9. Grosvenor-street, Lon- don-road. Manchester.

MASSAGE TAUGHT in Manchester; terms .£1 Is. fora course of six lessons.—Aaplv Miss GRFENFIELD, Home for Hospital-trained Nurses and Paying Patients, Stamford-road. Bowdon.

pOROUGII OF WIDNES.—The Corporation are prepared to receive LOANS at 3i per cent. per annum for a term of years, or at 3 per cent. repayable at six fu( nt hs notice.—Applications to S. HOYLE, Borough Accountant, Town Hall. Widnes. 11. S. OPPINHE Town Clerk.

WE LET STONE-BREAKERS, all types, with Steel Or Iron Frames; also MOSTAR MILL 4, CON- CRETE MIXERS, STEAM WINCH, HONTS, PUMPS, STEAM CRANES, and PORTABLE ENGINES en Hire with option of purchase. Ntw and sec .nd-hand, ready for de- livery,—S. MASON and Co., Brandon-st., Leicester.

MONEY LENT ON PHOTOGRAPHIC GOODS, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY A SILVIIR PLATE. W. JACKSON, 71, OXFORD-Sl. MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1860. WILL BUY OR EXCHANGE CURIOS, DIAMONDS, OLD GOLD. AND SILVER; HIGHEiT PRICES. W. JACKSON, PAWNBROKER, 71, OXFORD-ST., MANCHESTER.

DANCING.—Class for Beginners and Advanced Pupils daily (afterraoon and evening); Priv ,te Lessons and Practice with lady assistants at any hour; complAe system of instruction. Adults wh ) have never learned to dance thoroughly taught ; age immaterial ; proficiency guaranteed ; professional lessons given ; Skirt Dances; Fancy Dances ; lolanthe ; the Barn Dance, awl all latest novelties ; Schools and Famalles attended ; fees moderate. Prospectus containing full particulars on application. THE MANCHESTER ACADEMY of DANCING, Thoruleigh, 68, Upper Brook-street. Manchester. Principals : Mr. and Mrs GEORGE ALEXANDER.

------- BRASS BAND.-7 PERFORMERS, FOR TWO HOURS SATURDAY AFTERNOON AND EVENING. Apply BRADLEY'S, The PEOPLE'S CLOTHIERS AND OUTFITTERS, 106, and 108, BRIDGE-ST. • WARRINGTON. SEE THEIR WINDOWS.

W ARRINGTON CORPORATION CONCENTRATED MANURE. Sixteenth Season. OF.NERiL AGENT : —MR. WM. HOUGHTON, PADDINGTON, N RAIL WARRINGTON.

WARRINGTON CONCENTRATED MANURE. Agent ; Mr. JOSRPH TAYLOR. Lion Hotel. War- rington, who will attend the Warrington, Northwich Ches- ter, and Knutsford M+rkets. All orders promptly executed. Analysis and testimonials on application.

--------- SOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office: 168, ISLINGTON-SQUARE, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable 6s. Weekly, Entire Charge El 2s. 3d. £5O, „ 20s. „ „ £3 9s. Od. £lOO, , 40s. £6 16s. Od. . " ALEX. GORDON, Manager. ___ __

M AN C"E S T H ireER4 4s. 13 OR At M MAR SCHOOL The next TERM begins THEiDAY. JANUARY 16TH. 1894. Entrance Examination MOND AN, JANUARY 15th, at 9 a.m. ProspeCtuses, Forms of application, &c., may be had at the School. OWEN W. COX. Clerk and Receiver. N.B.—BOarding House open under the sanction of the Governors.

WARRINGTON SAVINGS BANK. Certified under the Act of 1863. ESTAI3LISRED 1818. THE Annual General Div ETING of Trugees and Managers will be held at the BANK, on TUESDAY the 19th December, 1893. at eleve” a.m. JOHN EDMUND DAVIHS, Actuary. December 12th, 1893.

UPPER MERSEY NAVIGATION ACTS ,1 1876 and 1879. I the undersigned HENRY COLLIER, of Runcorn. in the counts of Chester, being by writing under the hand of Arthur Sinclair, Esq.. the Chairman of the Upper Merges Navigation 1 Commissioners duly appointed the Returning I lfficer for the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three, at the elect ion of Commissioners, under the above-menti ,ned Acts, DO HERI`BY DECLARE that the under•mentioned four persons have been this day duly nominated for the office of the elected Commissioners under the Upper Mersey Naviga- tion Acts 1876 and 1879, and the number of persons so nomi- nated, not exceeding Dia number of vacancies, I DO HERE- BY DECLARE the said several persons to be duly elected Commissioners under the said Acts and such Commisbioners shall enter on their office on the first day of January now next ensuing. Names of Persons elected as afoiesaid : WILLIAM HAYES, of Runcorn, Merchant. JOHN SIMPSON. Merchant. Elnk Chambers, Runcorn. THOMAS ROBERTS, Manufacturing Chemist. Cornbrook, Manchester WILLIAM DOUGLAS PHILLIPPS, Railway and Canal Manager, Stoke-on-Trent. Dated at the office of the said commissioners in Runcorn in the county of Chaster this first day of December, one thousand eight hundred and ninety three. HENRY COLLIER Returning Officer.

THE AUTUMN LEAVES ARE FALLING. The da3s are shorter and the nights are colder, and a good fire has quite a cosy look. Do you want some LINOLEUM to brighten your home? B. HENDRY tic CO. have the Largest Artistic Selection of exclusive designs in the province, in all qualities, at prices to snit everyone. Come an I pick your patterns. We are glad to see you, and there is no charge for looking. Experienced workmen sent any distance. Telephone 537. HOP HEMBRY tO.. 1-14, LINOLEUM SPECIALTSTS, 45 and 47,CR OS S-S TREE T. MANCHESTER.

ESTABLISHED 189. THOMAS ALLEN AND SONS, PLUMBERS, PAINTERS, GLAZIERS, Sm. Beg to inform the Public of Warrington, that they have opened A BRANCH ESTABLISHMENT, the premises in MERSEY-STREET, BRIDGE FOnT, with a stock of Paper Hangings. Paints. Oils, Lead. Glass. Gas and Water Fittings, and every trade requisite. Estimates free Special discount for cash.—Note the address : 62 and 64. BRWSRY-ROAD, and MERSEY.STREET. BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON.

INFLUENZA, DIPHTHERIA, INFLUENZA. SORE THROATS CURED IN ONE HOUR BY OTORCROFT'S CURE. For Diphtheria, Quinsy, Coughs. Colds, Asthma. Indiges- tion. Diarrhcea and Dronchiful, it is unequalled. In bottles 7id ,is ltd., and 23. 91. Of all Patent MEdiCille Vendors. WHOLESALE :-29, PRINCESS-STREET, MANCHESTER.

EVANS' 17 S 5 ANKEY STREET, SPECIAL SilOW OF MANTLES, JACKETS, DRESSES, FURS, &c. IN ALL THB LATEST STYLES. EVANS' 17 SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

ELECTRIC BELLS FITTED AND MAINTAINED TOWN OR COUNTRY. EXPIRY OF TELI4 PEIONE PATENTS. Telephones fitted in Mills. Workshops, &c., at very low prices. ESTIMATES GIVEN. We MORTON. ELECTRICIAN, 127, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

FARMERS' STORES, WARRINGTON. BUTCHERS' SHOP. Country-fed Beef, Mutton, Pork, Veal, Lamb, /re, of the Best Quality, at the Lowest Prices. Deliveries In the Country. FRUIT SHOP. Fresh Supplies of Flowers, Fruit ad Vegetables Daily. Wreaths, Bouquets, Bce., made up on short notice. All Orders receive Prompt Attention.

The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 5d.. 104., and Is. Bcl each. Wholesale by T GEDDES it SON. Warrington.

1 AIORRIS'S TOW AND HONEY. 1 The Only Cure for Colds, Coughs, 1 Bronchitis, Ac. -- FACTS. 1 MORRIS'S TIC-CURB PILLS, The only Cure for I NIuRALGIA, TIC, AND TOOTHACHE. I MORRIS. CHEMIST. I ALEXANDRA ROAD, MANCHESTER, 1 and all Dealers.

Q kLLSOPP & SON'S MILD AND BITTER ALES • And D'ARCY & SON'S CELEBRATED DUBLIN STOUT In 9, 18, and 38 Gallon Casks. or Bottles. AGENT PETER LEIGH, RORSEMARKET STREET. WARRINGTON.

TANNERS' LANE COAL WHARF, WARRINGTON, THE PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY, LIMITED, INCE HALL COLLIERIES, NEAR WIGAN. LOCAL MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS. All kinds of House Coal, Nuts. Burgy, and Engine Fuel kept in stock. Wagons sent to any. Railway Station, House orders promptly attended to. N.B.—Orders received also at 191, Sankey-st.

GREEN'S PATENT SAUSAGE CHOPPING & MINCING MACHINES and FILLERS (Silent and other Patterns). -- Suitable for .BUTCHERS, MEAT EXPORTERS, CONFECTIONERS, HOTELS, BOARDING-HOUSES, PRIVATE FAMI LIE 3. az. These Celebrated Machines are used very extmsively through- out England, Scotland, Ireland, and the Colonies. Illustrated Price Lists on application. THOMAS GREEN & SON (LIMITED), SMITHFIELD IRONWORKS. LEEDS and SURREY - WORKS, BLACKFRIARS ROAD. LONDON. SE., or from any Shipping or Export Houge, Merchant, or Ironmonger in the United Kingdom.

- HALL'S MY HATTER. ' NEW SHAPES, NEW STYLES, '04N1184 T aimed '. i...4OIVEST •I: 11 RICE'S VIM t+- FOR THE AUTUMN. •'41004 a.; ''' 4.2111tif '. ' ttil,--,4oitA ; - l. . H . , ATS AND CAPS ' OF EVERY DESCRIPTION • Can be obtained at HALL'S NOTED FIAT SHOP. ' 1. MARKET GATE. .WARRINGTON.

BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED WATER GAUGES. BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED COCKS AND VALVES s Are the Best Fittings in the Market. When ord -ring new boilers, steam users should indent r avid insist upon having these instead of antivated and unre- liable patterns. A Sample Set of Gauges or a Ccek will be supplied on a two months' trial. Illustrated Priced Catalogue post free from PUTZ, CIJIIPHRY AND CO., THE ASBESTOS. INDIA RUBBER AND ENGINEER'S STORES, WARE ROUSE, 2, STRAND-ST., JAMES-ST., LIVERPOOL, Telephone, 1078. Telegrams ASBEiTOS—Liverpool.

LADIES SHOULD KNOW of the most Wonderful Medical Discovery of the Age.. ALL LADIES This MIRACULOUS and very powerful REMEDY quickly relieves all IRREdULARITIES and RE- MOVES all OBSTRUCTIONS HOWEVER OBSTINATE or Long Standing. It is perfectly harmless but CERTAIN and EFFECTUAL. Thousands have been relieved. One Lady wiites :—" Your Medicine is truly wonderful ; my case was nearfully obstinate one." Avoid useless pills. Invaluable particulars free on receipt of stamped addressed envelope. A. DASMAIL, 371, LANGDALE, WALTHAMSTOW. ESTABLISHED 1851.

WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVEheuOL to NEW YORK. via Queenstown, eye Wed. .ADRIATIC ...Wed.. Dec.. 13 t GERMANIC—Wed., Dec. 20 ellsald Cabin will be carried on the voyage mark- ed thus*. Steerage passage to New York, Roston, and rhiladelphia, at low rates. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform In model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon anti State Room amidships. Apply JOSEPH SMITH, 61, Legh-st., War- rington, or to Ismag, Immg, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street. ILondon. EC.. and 10. Water-street. Liverpool

"COMFORT TEA"—Is theresultof twenty- live years experience in the Tea Trade. "COMFORT TEA"—Ie the best Tea in Eng- land at the price. "COMFORT pe—le Registered. "COMFORT TEA"—Is sold at the following prices :- 1/-, 1/4, 1/8, 2/- PER LB. AGENTS WANTED EVERYWHERE. SOLE PACKER AND BLENDER. H. E. HAWTHORNE, 29, WINWICK-ST., WARRINGTON.

R. Fox's D FO COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS THE GREAT REMEDY. FOR COUGHS. COLDS, BRONCHITIS, INFLUENZIA, HOARSENESS, LOSS OF VOICE AND ALL AFFECTIONS OF TUB CHEST AND LUNGS. Being prepared from Fruits and Herbs only, may be taken with perfect safety by Old and Young. Sold everywhere in tins, is. ltd. each by Chemists and Medicine Vendors. SOLE PROPRIETOR— GEORGE EADE. 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LON ON, A TIN SENT FREE ON RECEIPT OF STAMPS.

IUURS ! FURS! Good and First-class FURS, 11 Also the Latest Designs in SEALSKIN JACKETS, and other GARMENTS. Only the first skill is employed by THE NORTHERN FUR MANUFACTORY, OFFICE AND SHOWROOMS, 21, LEVER-STREEI, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER, (Opposite the Royal Infirmary). Alterations by the Best Skill. Sealskin Garments Re- fashioned, and other Furs. Repairs, Re-dying, Cleaning, tte.

RUSSELL'S WATCHES. _- SAME PRICES AS AT LIVERPOOL. DIRECT FROM MANUFACTURER TO WEARER. A saving of 30 percent. if you want Fine-class Work. IF YOU WISH FOR RUBBISH DON'T GO THERE. The same applies to DIAMONDS. And especially to RINGS and Fine JEWELLERY. RUSSELL'S GOLD AND SILVER WATCIIES, their own pure langlish menufacture. with all Russell's latest patented Improvements, range in price from £3 to £235. They are handsome, strong, aud perfect time- keepers ; represent the largest stock and teed value in England, there tieing no intermediate profit between the manufacturer and the wearer. Sent free everywhere at Ruasell's risk an cost on receint of draft or post order. ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET SENT FREE ON AP- PLICATION. P.s.—Beware of imitations, and people who profess to sell at less than the makers. No watch is genuine unless marked— T. R. RUSSELL, "18" CHURCH-ST., LIVERPOOL. NAT ATC II AND JEWELLERY REPAIRS PROMPT and PERFECT. Estimates given and cost of carriage taken. RUSSELL'S T. R. RUSSELL, MAKER TO THE QUEEN, CATHEDRAL WORKS. 18. CHURCH-ST.. LIVERPOOL; SANKEY-ST., WARRINGTON, AND 12. MOULT-ST., (CROSS-ST.), MANCHESTER.

EXCEPTIONAL PURCHASE. WOOLLII CLOTHS, SCOTCH AND IRISH TWEEDS AND FRIESEIS, As. HIGH-CLASS GOODS. UNSWORTH'S SUPERIOR TAILORING, OVHHCOATINOS, SUITINGS, TROUSIRINGS, IMMENSE VARIRTY BEST STYLES LOWEST PRICES. CODA early and secure the Plck of the Market. thSWORTH'S 24, 21, 47, A 41, 111411-11YEZE1', RUNCORN.

BRAND & Co.'s BEEF BOUILLON. A MOST NUTRITIOUS AND INVIGORATING BEVERAGE. ?dada by the Simple Addition of Boiling Wet At a Coat within the reach of all. 11. LITTLB STANHOPB-ST..MAYFAIR.W

E GRATEFUL - PPS'S COMFORTING. BREAKFAST, SUPPER. COCOA BOILING WATER OR MILK

WORTHINGTON'S BURTON ALES AND STOUTS. FINDLATER'S DUBLIN I NVALI AND OTHER STOUTS GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT IN CASH OR BOTTLE. FINDLATER'S STOUTS may now be had In ft gallon casks. WHEATLEY'S BOP BITTERS in bottles °l:ay. J. M. BEACON. BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER, 14, ST. JAMES-ST. WARRINGTON.

HIGH CLASS TAILORING AT POPULAR PRICES. BOYDELL BROS. ARE NOW SHOWING ALL THE LATES r NOVELTIES Fos AUTUMN AND WINTER WEAR. THE SELECTION OF COATINGS INCLUDE THE NEW SOFT FINISHED BLACK WORSTEDS (non shiny) VICUNAS, CHEVIOTS, LLAMAS, HOPSACKS, AND SERGES. A SPLENDID RANGE OF FASHIONABLE OVERCOATINGS In similar Makes and Heavier Texture. Also IRISH FRIEZES and many other makes suit- able for ULSTERS. EVENING DRESS A • SPECIALITY. 375 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

LANCASHIRE WATCHES FOR LANCASHIRE MEN. W. WOODS AND SON, HAVE BEEN APPOINTED THE AGENTS IN WARRINGTON FOR THE LANCASHIRE WATCH CO3IPANY, PR ES COT. T 0 introduce these excellent WATCHES to • the public of Wirrington, W. WOODS and SON will allow a special discount of 2/- in the 2 off all the LANCASHIRE WATCH CO'S. WATCHES so that the splendidly fi iisheil English LeYer, in Solid Hall Marked Silver Cases, fully warranted for 11e years, usually sold for 50/- may be had during the Xmas Sale at 45/.. GENT'S GOLD KEYLESS, £l3 13s. THREE-QUARTER PLAVE SILVER KEYLESS WATCH, £/1 10s. and £4 Sc. SILVER KEY. WINDING WATCH. 63/-. 60/-, and 50/- MARVELLOUS 1 A SOLID SILVF,R ENGLISH LEVER WATCH Warranted for five years, only FORTY FIVE SHILLINGS. 14, SANKEY-ST., AND CORPORATION-ST.. WARRINGTON.

BY ROYAL APPOINTMENT TO HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN. S. J. WARING AND SONS' LIMITED. COMPLETE HOUSE 11 URNISHERS. DECORATORS, _SANITARY ENGINEERS, ELgCTRICAL ENGINEERS, KING-ST,, AND DEANSGATE, MANCHESTER. 42, 44, 46, BOLD-ST., LIVERPOOL, 181, OXFORD-ST., LONDON. WARING & SONS' FURNITURE manufactured under the krone- Mate supervision of the FIRM all of whom are practical; while ARTISTIC in DESIGN is at the same time of SOUND CONSTRUCTION, only the very Best Workmen and Materials being employed. WARING & SONs' BEDSTEADS and BEDDING.—BEDSTEADS or SPECIAL DESIGNS. designed in harmony with all he various periods of SHERATON. CHIPPINDALE, LOUIS XV and LOUIS XVI &e. BEDDING manufactured (tom PURRS I MATERIAL", WARING & SONS' CARPETS —This DEPARTMENT contains a Complite and Choice Range of AXMIN.WIIR, VELVET, BRUSSELS, selected with greatest care from the FIRST BRITISH BIANUFAC- TURIMS. Large Range of ORIENTAL CAR- PEII X, RUGS. WARING & SONS' EMBROIDERIES—These are being continu- ally consigned by our appointed AGENTS in Italy, Spain, Portugal and the East. The Unique Collection comprises CURTAINS. BED SPREADS, PIANO TABLE. CUSHION COVERS, and MISCELLANEOUS NOVEL- TIES of decoration. WARING & SONS' ANTIQUES and CURIOS.—In this DEPART- MENT the EXHIBITS consist of RARE MUSRU vi SPECIMENS OF NEEDLEWORK, and TIOLTILES, QUAINT DUTCH SILVER, OLD CHINA. CARVhD IVORIES, and CURIOUS OBJECTS to interest ART Con- noisseurs. CHRISTMAS PRESENTS UNIQUE and USEFUL—WARINH and SONS would point out the great suitability of the Attieles hi their EMBROIDERY and ANTIQUE DEPARTMENT for CHRISTMAS PRE,ENT4. As no two pieces being alike they constitute ADMIRABLE and UNIQUE SPECIMENS for PRESENTS at this Festive Seas Is. CHRISTM As riasENTS ussFuL.—WARING anti SONS have on view a large variety of QUAINT OCCASIONAL CHAIRS, OCCASIONAL TABLES. WRITING TABLES, REVOLVING BOOK STANDS. SCREENS, LAMPS, Ac., forming most useful presents. W ARINS & SONS' DECORATION.—WARING and SONS (SUC- CESSORS to MURRAY and C 0.,) employ a large staff of Artistic and skillful DbCORA., TORS aid are prepared to advise and estimate for every description of EXTERIOR and PLAIN PAINTING and INTERIOR DE- CORATION Ac. TARING & SONS have devoted the greats t possible care to place before their Manchester Patrons a Magnificent Exhibition of FURNITURE and DIICOItA- TIONS, and they would point out that they accept th • full responsibility for the character and durabi ity of all ARTICLES In the r Show- ro ms, and will be glad to conduct Visit,rs through their Showrooms, without importunity to purchs...e. WARING & SONS' SYSTEM OF BUSINESS. RELIABLE GOODS only in each DEPAI,TMENT at a MINIMUM PROFIT FOE CASH. S. J. WARING AND SONS' LIMITED. COMPLETE HOUSE FURNISHERS, DECORATORS. SANITARY ENGINEERS, ELECTRICAL ENGINEERS, KING-ST., AND DEANSGA FE, MANCHESTER. 42, 44 46, BOLD-ST., LIVERPOOL. 181, OXFJIID-ST, LONDON,

THE WARRINGTON SLATE' COMPANY, LTD (Late John Nininerley and Co.. Ltd.). BUILDERS' MERCHANTS. ARPLY STATION. WARRINGTON. PRNIIIIYN, AND CARNARVON SLATES. CEMENT, LIME, DRAIN PIPES, FIRE BRICKS, TILES. and every other kind of Builders' Materials kept in stock at our Arpley Wharf, or sent by road, rail, or vessel to any Town or Port in the United Kingdom SOLE AGRNTS for the RUGBY PORTLAND CHMEN T CO Telephone No. 19. Telegraphic Address . " Arpley," Vi'gt on

01:rTHPORT, SUNNYSIDE HYDRO, Promenade Lj extension. Physician. Dr. Bernardo. A sumnserand winter r.,sidence, combining all the comforts of a pleasant home. See iew, parks, pier, and trams near. New Turkish and other ,aths, billiards, and tennis. Terms moderate.—J, BooCocx, , roprietor.

XMAS PRESENTS! XMAS PRESENTS!! EUSTANCE'S ANNUAL CHRISTMAS SALE COMMENCING FRIDAY. DECEMBER lsr. BONA FIDE DISCOUNT OF 2/ IN THE adil E. AND A. EUSTANCE (late EDWARD EUSTANCE.) PRACTICAL WATCH AND CLOCKMAKERS, GOLDSMITIIS. SILVERSMITHS AND JEWELLERS. THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43 SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. ESTABLISIIED 1864. EAND A. EUSTANCE have much • pleasure in announcing their ANNUAL XMAS SALE during which the whole of their valu- able and extensive Stock of GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES, CLOCKS, JEWELLERY, SOLID SILVER & BEST ELECTRO PLATE will be subject to a BONA FIDE DISCOUNT OF 2/- IN THE SALE COMMENCING FRIDAY, DECEMBER Ist. They would respectfully call attention to this exceptional opportunity for obtaining lIIGH-CLASS NOVELTIES especially suitable for )(HAS PRESENTS and NEW YEAR'S GIFTS at an unprecedentedly low rate FROM 10 to 21 PERCENT. LESS THAN CAN BE OBTAINED ELSEWHERE—their goods being always marked in plain figures at strictly competitive prices from which there is flown bona fide. 4) / DISCOUNT OF ;Lir' IN THE g N.B.—INSPFCTION RESPECTFULLY INVITED WHETHER A PURCHASE IS MADE OR NOT. PLEASE NOTE THE ADDRESS THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43. SANHEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED 1864.

CHRISTMAS 1893. GEORGE HENRY LEE & co., BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL. ARE NOV HOLDING THEIR ANNUAL OHOW OF FANCY AND USEFUL ARTICLES FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS AND NEW YEAR GIFTS. EMBRACING WORCESTER VASES. FIGURES. and TABLE LAMPS, WHITE FIGURE CHINA for DINING TABLE DECORATION, a large ollection of ART. Ism GERMAN CHINA, from the most eminent makers. CHINA MIRRORS and Candelabra IVORY and TORTOISESHELL GOODS. UNTARNISH- ABLE WHITE METAL G001:S In Great Variety, CARRIAGE and BOUDOIR CLOCkS, STANDARD LAMPS, Iron and Copper from 21/-. TABLE KItTTLES, on STANDS BRUSH SETS from 13,6 GONGS, INKSTANDS, &e. SILVER GOODS In Great Variety. Perfume Bottles, from 1/101. ELEC- TRO PLATE WARE in Great Variety. CIGAR and MEDICINE CABINETS, SHAVING MIRRORS, LFATHER GOODS In (treat Variety, RUSsIA, MOROCCO. CROCODILE, SEAL, LIZARD. PRESENTS SUITABLE FOR, GENTLEMEN. PHOTOGRAPH SCREENS and FRAMES, inGreat Variety. STATIONARY DEPARTMENT. CHRISTMAS aND NEW YEAR'S CARDS, Eaelu ice v this year's designs. G. H. LEE and CO'S. 1/3/ BOX of CHRISTMAS and NEW YEAR'S CARDS. containing 60 Cards and Envelopes. The Best Vs ue ever offered. liih- elaq; CARDS. Original valtfe 101- Sent ly post 3d. extra. CHILDREN'S TOY AND PICTURE BOOKS in Great Variety.—BOOKS FOR BOYS and GIRLS In Great Variety. GEORGE HENRY LEE & CO. BASNETT STREET, LIN ERPOOL.

THE HUMAN HAIR. IF YGUR HAIR IS FALLING OFF, Consult S. TAYLOR. or Use Ills Renowned Preparations. CANTHARIDES EXTRACT and POMADE, which art CERTAIN RESTORERS of the HAIR. TAYLOR'S SEDATIVE AND NUTRITIVE CREAM it infallible for perfectly Relieving the Skin from Irritation and Freeing the Hair from Scurf Prepared only by S. TAYLOR, HAIRDRESSER AND PERFUMER, 26 AND 28. KING-STREET. MANCHESTER.

TEETH ! TEETH ! TEETH! MACDONALD'S Pitß DF,NTORIUM. WHOLESALE AIr.IFICIAL TEETII MANUFACTORS (Registered.) B.e 11.M.R. Letters Patent. (Trade Mark.) The Best an. Cheapest House in the Procession. Single Teeth, 25.; Sets, 20s. lit and Quality Guaranteed Patients fitted while they wait. A lady In attendance. The Trade Supplied. All hest materials and workmt ship Teeth extracted free from 6 to 8 p.m. Teak extracted without pain. Free consultations. Telegraphic Ad.eress : .• Dentist," Manchester. 9, PICCADILY (Opposite Infirmary Cluck), MANCHRSTIIII

el'Hutatton. T ADIES' SCHOOL,MELCHET HOUSE, LYTHAM. LA —lnclusive terms, special for eh rgv, references to :arents, vacancy for article.' pupil.—Prinolpals, the Misses lIALKET (Miss. S. Ilaiket,L.L.A.)

CthAREMONT, MOUNT EPHRAIM - ROAD, STREATHAM, LONDON. PREPARATORY SCHOOL for the Sons of Gent'emen, (Establlehed 1881.) Tutor a B.A. London. Principal—Miss JULIA GRIFFITHS. Prospectus on Application.

ST. GEORGE'S SCHOOL, (Catholic), Brampton, Huntingdon, (1} hours from King's Cross). A thoroughly Professional or Commercial Education provided at a moderate pension.--Address The PRINCIPAL.

HOME SCHOOL for YOUNG LADIES. F,very comfort, careful training, first-rate professors, acorn- pli iliments. all examinations, good house, healthy suburb, tennle,/e.—Misses LAMB, Grove Park. Lee. S.E.

THE MARLING ENDOWED SCHOOL, STROUD 1 Chairman of Govan ors : Sir W. H. Marling, Bart. S.ehoal Fees. £ —0 a Term ; Boarding Fees. onl3 £3O per Annum. Boys admitted at any period at Pro! ortionato Fees. For particulars apply.—W. J. GREENSTREET. M.A., Head- master.

L ADIES COLLEGE, FORMBY-BY-THE-SEA, Petween Southport and Liverpool, conducted by Mrs. and Miss Climax()Puma, Companion Boarder ciesirot for little girl of twelve. Good education ; comfortable home and careful training. Inclusive moderate terms. Prospectus on application.

At the foot of the Malvern Hills. THE GRAMMAR SCHOOL, 'HANLEY CASTLE, Chat man of Governs., s. Sir Edmund A. 11. LECHMBRE. Bart , M.P. Head master, rte Rev. /1. R. BROWNE, M.A. Most healthy situation. Excellent accom- modation Fees mod. ram and inclusive.

WIDNES ACADEMY OF MUSIC. PRIVATE LESSONS. SELECT DAY AND EVENING CLASSES. PIANO, WIGAN, HARMONIUM, VIOLIN. VOICE PRODUCTION, HARMONY. COUNTERPOINT, COMPOSITION. THREE FERE SCHOLARSHIPS Tenable one year. Thirty-three certificates and prizes gain° I by students during the year 1891. Prospectus on Application to THIS PRINCIPAL.

AGENTS WANTED, for sale of Rubber Stamps, Types, Stencils, Seal embossing. Machines. Ac., liberal terms to pushing sale3men.—Uppington's Factory, Wine Office Court. London.

BURTONWOOD SCHOOL BOARD. WANTBD.—January.—ASSISTANT MISTRBSS (Ex. P. T.) for mixed Boys' School, to take Infants (50) and sewing (53). Salary £IS per Knnurn. Candi ates invited and attending Board, allowed reasonable expenses. Apply immediately to WILLIAM WEPSTER, Solicitor, St. Helens.

AUTOMATIC " PRET I Y BABY " I A " BUMPER " Is. 3d. Parcel of Xmas Cards ! I 30 sheets of Newest Scraps given in !!! The Scraps alone are worth the money an-I the Xmas Cards are worth much more still. " A happy thought has struck us," that we should like to make the readers of the "Warrington Examiner" a Special Bumper Parcel, so we will do it. Simply write your name and address plainly on a piece of paper, and the words " Warrington Examiner" .Spectal Bumper Parcel of i ards and .craps," and post it with Postal Order Is. 3d. or 16 stamps, and you will receive a parcel per return post paid on approval. No clearance rubbish, but gexulne goods. Enough to send to friends and to decorate mantle-pieces, Ac., and make the home bright for Xmas. "If you like the parcel keep it, if you don't like it, return 't, alft we will send your money back in full " This is a clear proof of good faith, and of our trade motto—" A Big Trade, Not a Big Pr,fit." Every parc.,l contains 18 choice Xmas Cards which are value from Id. to 4d. each, and sell for that in the retail way. Cards suitable to rend to all adults and also good comic ones for the" Little folks," all good and suitable designs ; in fact we have carefully studied them to suit every body. " Fairy Lights,' which show rich ruby red lights when cards are held in frent of a light ; good-shaped cards, smoking cap, goose, all labelled for is Xmas present ; ham ar,d chicaen sausage, scent bottle, pretty tinted double-fold- ing cards, chareics, sea and ships, floral cards, with all the flowers of the season. Last, but in no ways least of the cards is one of a' pretty baby "sitting up either in a perambulator or a bath, and when stood up on a table ..r mantel the pretty " little dear "nods her head to TOU, without any winding with a key. This is indeed a pretty net wonderful mechani- cal work of art. and honestly worth 4d. alone. Coloured scrap pictures have always been the amusing pastime for dark evenings for making pretty scrap books, Ac , an with every parcel we are " Giving Away " 33 sheets (every sheet differ- ent) of the newest and best coloured scrap plctures in all sizes the majority being large cektre and medium sizes in all the new favourite subjects : for example, Santa Claus, Father 7013118 pretty birds and nests kittens and puppies at play, retty stands and baskets of flowers. Ac., something of every thing almost. A "special offer "given with each tare 1, no blanks, no deciding by lottery or competition whatever, but we guarantee t'sis "special offer" to considerably b-netit every receiver of a tercel. Should the demand be above the number we have of any particular card or present, promised above, we guarantee to give two others of equal value Instead. Write to-day, and see how you can benefit yourself and friends. Established 1889. Wholesale and Retail. (Late Wm Thos. Pain )—Address Messrs. PAIN TMOTUERS, " Art Traders," Hastings.

GUNT'S splendid set of DIAMOND STUDS, solid 15 carat GOLD. Payments taken. stamped, in case complete. Just forfeited Cost three pounds ten. Only S. D.

FIRST-CL AS S, noble looking WALNUT CHEFFIONIHR, Payments taken. bevelled plates in back and doors. marble slab. Honestly worth eight guineas. See this bargain. Only 25 15s.

yr-PRY handsnm. solid WALNUT V 01713101ANTLILbevelled plates Payments taken. worth three guineus. Size 41 by 38. Only 278. 6D.

FIRST-CLASS VIOLIN. 'rand old copy. Labelled " Cairo Bergouir " Payments taken. in lock up case, genuine bargain. Worth fifty-eve shillings. Only S.

FORFRITBD hand lid some' so MARBLE CLOCK in two col- Payments taken. ours. also a grand pair of BRONZR FIOUEFS tr) match. Warranted. Cost six months ago four guinew. Only

QBNT'S solhl IS carat Gold. Diamond. and Sapphire RING Payments taken. large and valuabls stones. Cost twelve pounds. Sacrifice. £5 ss.

INDYSTRIAL ASSURANCE AGENTS WANTED in all *arts of Lancashire and Cheshir. Interest in book and speedy promotion to suitable men. -- Apply INSPECTOR. Examiner Office, Warrington.

SOLE PROTECTED AGENCIES given for the Falcon Pure Yeast. Best on market. Once used aliv ye In demand. —Write for report and terms, FaLrort YE.isr C MPAIsT, Cradley,Cmdley Heath,

TO DEALERS. FARMERS AND OrIIERS.—WANTED 1 to buy Rabbits and Poultry In large or small quanti- ti.s. send lowest prices to J. GODSOY, Wholesale and Retail Fish and Poultry Dealer. and Commission Aget.t, 428. Regent-road, Salford. Manchester.

A IDIAL FORTUNE—On account of family tmuble. .LA. Wholesale CA,II buiiness, showing £7 net profit weekly. Sacrifice about £3OO ADvERTISEa, 14, Danby's Walk, Wal- sall.

T OVBLY PARCEL.—PIuih, velvet, satin, brocade, one 1J 19 ed. ; two 26 3d.: large bazaar parcel 56. 200 crazy pieces 2s, 6d.—MADAM WORTH, 102, Godolphus rd., Lon- don. W.

ONDERFUL HAIR RES7ORER for grey and red hair, VT acts in a week ; price 2s. 64. (free by post, secretly pa. ked 35.) FRED. LEWIS. and Co., LTD., 6, Fleet-street. Dublin. Name this paper.

j EFT OFF CLOTHES bought, best price for parcels for- -1.1 warded, if not approved, goods returned.—J4sfna GOR- vrtN, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326, 328, and 346, Deansgate, Manchester,

MAS CTarild?PdoSsPfNreSe Bclfolrar,Cerlisizie'T cc 1 Geantribe " Way to Heaven "on stout boards. post free Is. 9d. Bose Totum n.l. extra.—l 6. Priargate, Preston.

IECOND-HAND DRESS SUITS, Military, Theatrical,Rand Uniforms for sale or hire.—Jamze GORMAN, New and decond-hand Clothes Dealer, 326. 328, and 346, Deasisgate, Vanchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits perfectly new at • third cost price.

D UNDORN.—TO BE SOLD, the premises in Bridge-et., recently occupied by the William Deacon and Manches- ter and Saltord Bank. Limited.—For further particulars Apply at the BANK, Victoria Buildings, Runcorn.

ilarittss, 340r0e0, eart, fßacrEC, ttt ,ZORE SHOULDERS CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary book free. Horses suffering hom sore shoulders. s.re backs. cracked heels, grease, or broken knees, cured in A few hours by bathing the parts Affected with diluted Candy's Fluid. Prices, 8 on.. Is. ;20 oz 2s.—Veterinary book ilea from CO.!,DY'S FLUID ORKS, 61, Turnmilt-street, London.

RO3ARY RINGS for ledies or gentlemen ; solid silver, with cruclfix on top and eads round ; hundreds sold, price 2s.3d.each Send size of finger to JomisoN,manuiacturing jeweller. Upper Pershore Eirmlnaham. Mouton paper. DISON PHONOG RA PH. COMPLETE CurnTsFoREIALE. .4 Records and Blanks (Wax Cylinders), and supplies at relsonable prices. Machines with splendid records, lent. out to bazaars. At Homes, LOmax, Caunce-st , Black- pool.

HOOPER AND SI MMONS COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock to select from. Estimates for Repairs even free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams. Landow. Vlotorlas, VAlinnettes. and Phmtons. now for Sale or Hire.

ILLIARDS ! BAGATRLLS !—The cheapest house for B,lliard and Bagatelle Tables and Requisites is IitNNING ERO9., LTD.. 29, High-st., London. W.C. Send for new nice List, cloth and cushion samples, post free. "Established 1662.

STEREOSCOPrO VIEWS in stock (includ- ing Ship Canal) from 29. dozen Magic lante,ns and slides, new and second hand, Wonderfully cheap.—PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT, 71, Oxford-at. (All Saints'). Manchester.

lAONKRY, handsome black female, three years, partly 13 bruken ; quite sound, and free from vice ; children's oet ; offers casb.—Mrs. Yuicis BtrNDELL, Crosby Hall, Illundellsancls.

mi ATCHES.—SIIver Watch, strong cases, 6 jewels. flat crystal glass, plate movement, warranted for 5 years. only 255., lady's size, 235. 61„ sent poet free by JOSEPH PRITCHARD. watchmaker, 51, High-street, Runcorn. Estab- lished over half a century.

HORSES ! HORSES!! HORSES!!! All colours, tizes, and prices.—To Tradesmen and others,—To save money Ind time and avoid the well-known risks of fairs and suc- tions and getting a worthless and useless horse for lour busi- ness. your cannot possibly do better th ngo to W PARKER WOOD .6 TO 16, AINSWORTH-STRERT COPPER SS-HILL. LIVERPOOL. where you can have one on hire or trial, with a view to purchase, hirers for long or short periods liberally dealt with. Fresh arrivals seekly of young and useful horses cobs d ponies, suitable for all purposes. Horses bought or exchanged,—Note the address.

A NEW DEPARTURE.—TIER A NTISRPTIC BROOCH. AL A Handsome Ornament, suitable for CHRISTMAS PRE;ENT ; refreshing odours ; protection against colds, influenza, fevers Au.. 2s 64 post free—MADAME RAMON. 10. Wansey-st.. Watworth. London. S.E.

F°l.llo DliAD.—Thoosancis Lave teen killeal with Sanford's Poison. }funded, of farmers that have used it say it Is ti e lest poison known as they find A tot Of rats dead by using it. Post tree Is. 2d., 25.. 3s box, of SANFORD and SON, Sandy, Beds. Send stamp and try it. Sold by chemter s.

fil01113). - ..... _ A LADY HAVING CASH at her dispos4, is open to make Temporary Cat h Advances of ES and upwards, in con- fidence, to respectalle householders, who wish to avoid the usual unplearantn, ss and routine of a loan office; no suretle3 are asked for, and habitual borrowers need not apply. Apply personally, or by letter. Mrs. MOHEWOOD, 94, Widnes- road. W.dnes.

I 00K I LOOK I I LOOK !I —Greatest Bargain on I YAWL-10.003 Waterproof Hoods and Capes, purchased from the Government ; cost 7s. 6d. each. I will send a Hood and Cape for 24 Stamps. post free; quite new, but put out of service.- From HY. JOH'i (LIMON, Government Contractor, Bye. Sussex.

A B and R HAND-ROBTS, Cranes. Crab-winches, Ove:- .A. head Travellers, screw and hydraulic Lifting-jacks. Punching-heArs, and Rall-benders,Weston's and rope Pulley- blocks, Shafting Tube-expanders, anti-friction V, hite-metal —Youngs, Makers, Ryland-street Works, Birmingham, Tele- Orme No 808.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANcIED. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from RIO upwards on BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE / WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now being lent annually. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy-at., Manchester. ESTABLISHED 1870.

lIEARTINE CURES HEART DISE ISE, and all Diseases of the Nervous System. One bottle proves it. Weak Heart and Palpitation Sufferers try this ; three bottles will effect a thorough cure. Of -all chemists, or c trrlve free. 2s. 9d. each, of C. WOODCOCK, 190. High-strt_et, Lincoln, or at LEWIS'S, Market-street. Manchester.

APPLY AND BE CONVINCED. mR P is p rile 11)(2,14_;e ,d 27t CheerADVA isacn lullA N osa fßd,Manchester,ron2sana up wards to respectable Householders. Tradesmen. Farmers and others, without Bondsmen or Sureties. at the following scale of interest : £5 LOAN TO BE REPAID £lO £ 5 £2O £3O LARGE SUMS in same proportion. ALL ADVANCES are PAID IN FULL, Distance no object. Money advanced at Borrower's Own House. thus saving them the trou'. le and expense of a journey. Farmers can have Cash on Terms that no other office can possibly ear. Letters immediately attended to.

YLH and HANNAY'S Patent Lucigen Light Plant. con- sistingot two lamps, each with circular wrought-iron cistern ot 33 galkins capacity : circular wrought iron re- eelver or accumulator, 30-In, diameter by 48in. deep; air compressor an,i steam engine combined, by Lyle.—Address W. if. KAI% 182, Blackburn-road, Ilasiingden.

DIAMOND WALL POCKETS. Buy direct from the maker at half the retail price, the cheapeA, prettiest, and most useful article ever offered for making home attrac- tive. Size 14-5 3 pairs 25., makes a lyindsome birthday, or wedding present ; six pairs 3s 9d., each pair different; securely packed end carriage paid.— C. PARKhIt, Stoke- under-Ham, Somerset.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. UR. JOHN B. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES 11.1. PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, trot all respectable Hc useholders, on their own security. HONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written promise to pay baek.—Apply Pt VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (toot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGTCN at my Resh ence, 134. Orford-lane, any Evening from fit's'''. Applicatim,s from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention.

TORN JONES and SONS have had osi the stocks in their building yard, Brunswick Dock, Liverpool, the foIIow- ingSTBAMBRS, suitable for the canal, coasting, and contin- ental trades. and invite Inspection : Screw STEAMER, to carry 161 tons, Screw STEAMER. to carry 350 tons, Screw STEAMER, to carry 600 tons. of the highest class an fitted with the most modern machin ery. Duplicates can be ready in from three to four months. Export orders for steamers and machinery and boileis can be shipped at trifling cost.

MONEY, MONEY, MONEY. LOANS k 5 TO g5OO. May be had on day of application. If it is inconvenient to call. all letters will have our prompt attention. If you want to Start in Business. If you want to Furnish your House. If you want to Pay your Debts. If you want to Increase your Stock. If you want to Pay your Rent. Repayments to suit Borrowers. Strictest privacy guaranteed. No Bills of Sale. No Sureties. No Fines. No Loan Office routine.---Apply to R. N. W EBBER, 8, DURNING ROAD, off Wavert ree Road, EDGEIIILL, LIVERPOOL. Near LONDON t NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY STATION.

NOTTINGHAM LACE CAPES. SPLENDID SILK LACE CAPES 2s. 6n. AND 3s, 6n. EACH. Carriage paid ; superior quality 5s lid , worth 15s. fit and quality guaranteed. Beautiful white skirts, full size- trimmed deep lace, 2a. 61, ; trimmed with embroidery. 45.6 d., good value. Carriage paid. WM. COTTON, Lace and Lace Curtain Manufacturer, Weekday Cross, Nottin.ham.— Established 50 years.

AWARDED FIRST PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition, 1837, and Sydney Centenw Exhibition. 1888. —TO PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. Cheapest House In London for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings —all the newest elesigns. Two million feet always in Sti,:k. V.neered and fancy wood mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every description, oleographs,Bsc. Further reduction In prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipping orders. Full particulars in pattern book and catalogue , (85 pages 4to demy revised for 1891) for 3d, stamps.—D. MonExot, 17 and 18, Great St. Andrew-et., Bloomsbury, London. Telegraphic address "Rabbitry," London. Stook lists and prices of glass monthly, free.

4111' • THE EXAMINEE, SATURP VY DECEMBER 9. 1893. 040 l ribatt Ertatp. GEORGE JACKSON. PAWNBROKER, JEWELLER. AND SILVERSMITH. 59, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS, and MUSICAL IN- SIRUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES. MAGNIFICENT seven stringed BANJO, inlaid Ebony Finger Payments taken. Board, Silver plated Rim. 31 Brackets beat vellum, Ivory keys, nearly new. 9( Cost fifty Shillings. Only al S. 6D. C°;T ten guineas English SILVER LEVER Chronogragh Cent e Payments taken. Seconds STOP WATC 11 by "Wise" of Mancheater. Equal to new. Warranted for ten vests. Only 23 19s. 9D:

CONTINUATION OF REDUCTIONS OF TIIE RESIDUE OF STOCK, ARD AT PRICES THAT MUST COMMAND AN ENTIRE CLEARANCE AT THE TEMPLE OF ARTS FURNITURE ESTAB- LISHMENT, 164 AND 166, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON. SIDEBOARDS. A few Splendid Sideboards from 4 feet to 7 feet ate reduction of 15 to 25 per cent, from the plainly marked usual prices. BEDROOM SUITES. Bedroom Suites from £5 to £BO, amongst hich are some very handsome Suites in al- most every kind of Wood and decorated, at a - reduction of 10 to 25 per cent, from the , plainly marked usual prices. BEDSTEADS. Iron. Iron and Bress, and all Brass Bed- steads, at greatly reduced prices. CARPETS AND HEARTHRUGS, !cc. Carpets. Hearthrugs. Floor Cloths Lino- leum, Mattings, and Mats of every descrip- tion, and at very low prices. Beds and Mattresses of every kind made, and Bedding of all sort's. A I quality, and at prices that cannot fail to give satisfaction. CONTINUATION OF REDUCTIONS AT THE TEMPLE OF ARTS, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON, B. W. MARSH.. • BITABLISRED 1864.

QALR EXTRAORDINARIC.—LACE CURTAINS..—.We are clearing 2,76 C pairs (slightly soiled). usual price ss. 9d., now 3s. 9d. Hemstitched (verychoicc) 103.114., now ss. 11d, Carriage Paid .—CFNTRAL L CE CO., Nottingham.

TIO BE SOLD BY PRIVATE TREATY, a Capital FREE- HOLD DWELLING HOUSE, situate No. 40, Victoria Terrace, Knutsford-road, Warrington.—For particulars app 'y Mr. ARTHUR BROWNE, Solicitor. Or toMr. THOMAS COWDELL, Estate agent, 1, Mill-street, Warrington.

A FORTUNE FOR is. id—Twelve genuine and reliable rek.ipes for Is. Id. Arabian horse tamer's secret, subdue most vicious horse, and make him follow von like a pet dog. Sure corn cure, liquid mucilage. To make wax flowers. Certain cure for drunkenness. Cider without apples. Ten jockey tricks. Hair restor dive and invigorator. Indelible ink for marking linen. Silver-plating fluid Everlasting fence posts. French polish or dressing for leather.—Castaxs COLBoURNE. Findon, Sussex.

mo SKIPMAKERS AND OTHERS.—ON SALE, 100 1 Tons CANE, WILLOWS, HAZELS. Ac.—G. JONES, 11, Victoria Bridge, Manchester. mo PURNITUR is REMOVERS, GARDENERS, AND OTHERS,—MATS, MATS. from 3e.64. per dozen. G. M. JONES, 11, Victoria Bridge, Manchester. HURDLES. WOOD HURDLES.—G. H. JONFS, 11. Victoria Bridge, opposite the Old Church, late 40. Dean agate. VEAST, YEAST. YEAST.— Wholesale Depfit ; all Brands; 1 established 1843.-4. M. JONER, 11, Victoria Bridge, Manchester. wINES AND SfaITS. Cheapest in Manchester, quality conaidered.—G.M. JONES, 11, Victoria Bridge.

POULTRY.—My "Champion " Rgg Producer has been Improved and is in greater demand than ever. Recelpe for P.O. Is. Hundreds of copies sold.—P. SLEE, 46, Belgrave- street, Stoney holme, Burnley.

BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.—To CONTRACTORS. the P.ving and Sewerage Committee of the Council of the Borough of W-rrlngton Is prepared to receive Tenders for the FORMING AND PAVING part of Scott.. Draw- ings, specifications, he., may he se n. and forms of tender, ha's of quantities. and all further information obtained et the office of the Borough Surveyor, Town Hail, on and after Monday, the 11th that., at which solace tenders must be delivered on or before 12 o'clock on Monday, the 18th day of December. The lowest Or any tender not necessarily ac- cepted. THOS. LONGDIN, Borough Surveyor. Borough Surveyor's Office, Dec. Bth, 1893.

ENDER FOR FUEL.—WARNINGTON CORPORATION WATERWORKS. The Water Committee of the Towu Council invite TEN- DERS for the supply of SLACK (about 20 tons pr week), of good quality, and with delivery at the Winwick Pumpfng Station, in such quantity as may be required from day to day, during the next twelve months. Sealed tenders. en- dorsed "Slack." stating price per ton and the name of the mine from which it is proposed to supply the slack, to be addressed to the Chairman of the Water Committee, Water- works Offices, Warrington, and sent in not later tfrm TI am. on Thursday. the 14th inst. The tenders must be free from the us..al conditions as to strikes Dated this 9th clay of December, 1893. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk.

rpfl SANITARY WORKS COMMITTER of the Council 1 of the Borough. are prepared to receive THNDRRS for the suopty of 2000 SOUND OAK CASKS as per sample cask, which may be seen at the Town Hall yard. any day from 9tt m. t 36 p.m. (Sunday excepte.i) the person receiv- ing the order will be required to deliver the casks at the Town Nall yard AS required. Any rail( tent In which is not equal to sample will I.e re- jected.—Tenders to be sent in to this office not later than 6 o'clock on 'Wednesday next, DECEMBER 13th, sealed and addressed to the Chairman of the Sanitary Works Committee and marked Tenders for cassis. JAMES DEAS, Manager. Borough of Warring on. Sanitary Works Inspectlrs Office, Town Hall. Deceml- er 7th, 1893

THE SANITARY WORKS CONIAUTTRII of the Conncil I_ of the Borough of Warrington are prepared to rec ive TENDERS for the supply of 1.0 Cress lt by 5-16 NUTS AND BOLTS 40 „ 1 hy 5-16 Pt 40 „ 11 by Samples of which may be seen at this office. Tenders sealed and adaresspd to the Chairman of the Sanitary Works CommiWe. To vn Hall, Warrington, must be delivered at this office on or b.-fore Wednesday next, December 13th, at 4 p.m, and marked Tender for Nuts and Bolts. The porton receiv- ing the order will be required to deliver the lot n itlthi 23 days of receipt of order for same. JAMES DEAS, Manager. Borough of Warrington, Sanitary Work 3 Ins; ectors Office, lown Hall, Dec. 4. 1893.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. / THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. I.IILORODY NE is admitted by the Profession to %...) be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever dis- covered. 011LORODYNE is the best remedy known for V Coughs. Consumption, Bronchitis, and Asthma. CEWORODYN effectually checks and arrests g those too often fatal diseases.--Diptheria. Fever, Croup, Ague. eIiILORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrheea, NJ and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysentry. OBLORODYNE effectually cute short all attacks ‘4..J of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Palpitation. and Spasms. CHLORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gilt. Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, From Dr. B. J.BourroN & Co., Horne:R&M. We have made pretty extensive use of Chiorodyne In our practice lately. and look upon it as an excellent direct SeCIA tivs and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It Induces a feeling of comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy. and it seems to possess this great adran- age over all other Sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. •• Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch t rom her Majesty's Consul at Manilla, to the effect that Cholera bad been raging fearlull). and that. the ONLY remedy of any w.rvice was OHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet . Ist December, 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMIT- ATIONS. Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr J. COLLIS BROWNE. was, undoubtedly, the inventor of CHLORODYNE "and that the story of the defendant FREE- MAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to 553. .sad been sworn to.—See Times. 13th J01y.1864. Sold in bottles at Is lid., 2...5. 9i.1., and 4a. 6d. None is genuine without the words "MI. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE 'on the Governme.it Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony acconipanies each tattle. :iOLE MANUFACTURER.S.—J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great Russells t.. Bloomsbury, London.

Telephone e No. 55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers, 1. rito AUCTION Roonie—No.,l Bank Street NVar ng fl. AGENT TO—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Assoclition Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boiler Insurance Company, Lin.lted. Established 1864.

Nottingham Lace Curtains.—Special Winter Sale. Airß. WILLIAM EIJI IS will SELL by AUCTION _i_ on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. December 11, 12, and 3, at the Mart, 37, Corporation-st Manchester, at eleven o'flock each day, about 2 000 Pairs of Nottingham LACE CURTAINS, suitable for the winter season ; also a variety of other LACE GOODS. View mornings of sale. Catalogues ready.

rIIOLET.—WAREHOUSR and YARD, Orford-st.—Apply JL ASHTON and WOODS, S slicit4rs, Horsemarket-strtet, Warrington.

qIO LET.—COTTA GB, Hoyle-st.. 3s. 6d. per week.—Apply 1 ASH roN and WOOD 9, solicitwe, Horsemarket-etreet, Warrington.

LET, PREMISES, In centre of Warringtc'm, suitable for _ small workshops.—Apply .UTN and WOODS, Solicitors, 6b, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

HOUSE TO LET, 134, Market-stre-t. Earlestown, 7s. 6d., per week. Containing two parlours, kdchen, wash house and pantry, three bedrooms, bathroom, gas, hot end cold water throughout.—Apply at 130. Market-street, Earles- town.

PROPERTY AT WARRINGTON & STOCKTON HEATH. - TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION BY MR. THOMAS SUTTON at the BLUE BELL INN, in Warrington on THURSDAY, the 14th DECEMBER, 1893, at 4 for 5 p.m. prompt, subject to the conditions to be therein produced. LOT I.—A FREEHOLD SHOP and DWELLING-HOUSE being No. 43, Britt. e-street. Warrington, with the workshop and, and back pternises thereto belonging now in the occupa- tion of Mr. Joseph Partington, tailor and outfitter, as tenant. This property is situated in one of the principal streets of the Town. being the main thoroughfare from Lancashire to Cheshire. LOT 2.—Eight DWELLING-HOUSES with the yards and premises thereto belonging, known as •• Birehdaie View" in Bedford-street. Stockton Heath, in the occupations of Messrs. Worrell, Roberts, Cardishley, Thorpe, Lewis, En- twistle, Buck, and Stead as tenants. LOT 3. - Four DWELLING-HOUSES with the yards and premises thereto, belonging in Bostock-st., Stock ton Heath, in the occupa; ion of Mescrs. Dobson, Evans, Brown, and Plummer as tenants. The tenure of Lots 2 and 3 is freehold subject to a chief rent of £9 14s. 4d., which will be apportioned as follows namely : 26 9s. Bd., on Lot 2, and £3 4s, Bd., on Lot 3. These lots have been lately built by Mr. Arnold, and are always tenanted. For further particulars as to Lot 2 and 3 apply to Mr. Wm. Arnold, Stockton Heath, and as to the whole to Messrs. ROBERT DAVIES. KIRECONNEL, DAVIES and BURGES4, Solicitors, Warrington. November, 1893.

acuzcftral Eitstrutnents.

CAPITAL Two-manual ORGAN; new; fine rich tone. splendid pitch pine cAse.—ALEX. YOUNG et SONS. organ builders. Eldon-st.. Manche•ter.

AIITST BE SOLD AT ONCE. A very handsome 1 COTTAGM PIANOVORIE, in beautifully figure.' Italian walnut case, iron frame. ti ichord, ch ok action, all the latest improvements, brilliant tone and touch; by 14. Bishop and Sons, London. New ni.le months since. Will take £2l, (twenty-one pounds), honostly worth 32 guineas. This is bargain seldom met with.—Apply W. LEITIIER, Cross-lane, Barlestown.

J. W. TEMPERLE Y, MUSIC SELLER, n, LOWLAND'S ROAD. RUNCORN. PIANOS, ORGANS, VIOLINS, &C. Tuning and Repairs. AR kinds et Fittings in Stock. Arrangements made for First-Class Orchestral Band and Pianists. PIANOS en HIRE and on HIRE-PURCIIASE.

GREAT SALE of fire salvage of over 200 PIANOS AND 0. GANS. at J. PARRY'S 18, o 24, Downing- st., Ardwick, Manchester. Mrs Parry haying come to a speedy and satisfactory settle- ment with the Yorkshire Fire Insurance Company has decided to make a quick clearance at half their cost. 2 Full toned Bell Organ walnut and gold case cost £28... 8 16 Oblique German Piano, ivory keys, and 7 octaves....,. 2 0 Pianette by Derwent 01 Lond al 7 octaves Rosewood cottage Piano, NW-ter, 7 octaves 4 15 Iron frarr e cottage Piano, Itavensy?o,xl, 7 octaves 5 0 Iron frame oltage Piano. overstrung,Stodart,7 octaves 6 0 Iron frame GE rman, overstrung piano. 7 octaves 9 15 Iron frame semi-grand, by Kirkman, 7 octaves Iron frame concert Grand. by Canard, 7 octaves l4 0 The above lots are perfectly new inside with iron frame, full trichord, brass pin plate, and patent check action. The out- side ases are damaged by water.

THE ATANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT 8 & 10, HORSEMARKET-ST., WARRINGTON. EXTENSIVE ALTERATION AND IMPROVEMENT OF PREMISES. THE ALC.D. are now displaying in their NEW AND MAGNIFICENT RANGES, a greater variety than ever of THE LATEST PRODUCTION in MEN'S YOUTHS' sport BOYS' OVERCOATS. A FEW LEADING LINES ARE MEN'S Double-Breasted MUNSTERS or GREATCOATS (Lined Wool). MEN'S Double-Breasted MUNSTERS or GREATCOATS (for Travelling) MEN'S Double-Breastel MUNATERS or GREATCOATS (with or without 21 1.. 50/ belts) / TO 2 / in Heavy Wool FRIEZES, Cheviots, 1/ TO 50/ and Serges Ac., Sc. MEN'S Chesterfield OVERCOATS, with Velvet Collars, (Long Lengths) MEN'S Chesterfit Icl OVERCOATS, 18/6 with Velvet Collars (Short lengths) FROM FROM 18/6 In the Special Diagonal Serges In Choice Hopsac Serges. In the New Kyrle Serges. MARVELLOUS VALUE. MEN'S Chesterfield OVERCOATS, in Fine Blue Beavers with Silk Velvet 21/— Collars MEN'S Chesterfield OVERCOATS in all Wool Indigo Dyed Beavers. All Wool Milled Meltons Ac., with Silk 26/ TO Qn/ 1., — Velvet Collars MEN'S CAPE, Chesterfields (Extra i Q long Capes) 0/ TO ei MEN'S INVERNESS CAPES, (lined22/6 TO 60/ through MEN'S SCOTCH CLOAKS, (with or C)i) 60/_ without sleeves) / V TO In Heavy Stylish Tweeds—Vame Unecino.led. THE M.C.D. are showing a large and Choice Variety of Youths' and Boy's OVERCOATS FROM 15/ TO 35/ YOUTH'S Double-Breasted MUNSTERS (Lined Wool) YOUTH'S Double-Breasted MUNSTERS The Fashionable Coats.) YOUTH'S Double-Breastel MUNSTERS, (with or wilbout belts.) ' In Choice SELECTIONS of FRIEZES, CHEVIOTS, TWEEDS, Ice., tic. YOUTH'S Chesterfield OVERCOATS, - with Velvet Collars. In Special Twill and Diagonal Series In the New Kyrle and Dimino Serges, In Fine Blue a Beavers and all Wool Melton. * FROM 10/6 THE MfC D YOUTH'S CAPE. Chesterfield 0(s 0.4 long). YOUTH'S INVERNESS CAPES, (lined through). YOUTH'S SCOTCH CLOAKS, (with long Cape 8)1 FROM / if TO BOY'S CAPE, Chesterfields, (Extra long). BOYS' INVERNESS CAPES, (lined through). BOYS' ,COTCH CLOAKS. (with long capes), in a Splendid assortment of Fashionable Tweeds, &o. FROM 6/6 TO THE AT.C.D. have a choice range. of JUVENILE OVERCOATS, hands only trimmed with Astrachan or Kyrle very fashionable FROM 11 THE M.C.D. Stock of BOYS' Double- Breasted REEFER OVERCOATS contains, neve features for Juvenile wear. BOYS' LLB. REEFERS, In Blue Naps with gilt buttons FROM 4/6 BOYS' D.E. REEFERS in Heavy Tweeds, (braided sailor collars) FROM 5/9 Boys' D.B. REEFERS in Special Serges and Kyrles FROM 6/ SEE THE WINDOWS. 8 & 10, HORSESIARKET-ST., WARRINGTON.

LOWEST CHEAP COAL. LOWEST POSEMBLE BANK QUAY COAL DEPOT Poseanm PRIM T. HALTON & CO, PRICES OU COAL MERCHANTS, FACTORY LANE COAL YARD, applian'n WARRINGTON. spolicat'n NoTE.—WINTER PRICES. IMMEDIATE DELIVERY

DOUGLAS'S REAL RHEUMATIC CURE Is the only sate and true rensedy for Rheumatic, Sciatic, and Gent. The Real Rhematie Cure is a Unlit I medicine to be taken Internally. '.roys and drives out oi the sys.ern the morbid and REAL , g cru t y matter which excites and -no produces all the pains and inflam- lIEUMATIC ations which are associated in an , attack of rheu- matism, whether acute or chronic. Never known to CURE, fail in Rheumatic fever —24,Canute- street, Preston, ,lYt ar Sir, my daughter was afflicted tor two years with rheu- matism and was attended by three doctors and given up in- curable. The day before taking your medicine she fainted for want of appetite and loss of sleep. After taking two bottles of your Real Rheumatic Cure, she was restored to ' health. Yours faithful ly Mrs Iloski MON . Witness to this Core, Rev Joseph D Sexton, The English Martyrs,Preston. Other testimonials sent free. The Real Rheumatic Cure is sold by all Chemists throughout the United Kingdom at 2s. 9d per bottle, or post free with lull directions, 33 stamps from the Proprietors : DOUGLAS AND CO., 24, ORIMSIZAW-ST., BURNLEY.

THE STEADILY INCREASING SALES OF It I COURNIE IV ETAL POLISH NECESSITATE REMOVAL TO LARGER AN!) MOUE CENTRAL PREMISES. AT 12 8c 14, JOHNSON-STREET. DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOU4S PILLS. Is. I.ld. and 2s. 9d. per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps), are a p,oved subFtitute for calomel. Are suited for either ex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, held and kidneys ; free the skin of humours, purify the blood. regulate the bowels with comfort and safety, after excess in e ding or d•inking. and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mer- curialn, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN BUNION. AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, Is. 11d., per. box, by post for 15 stamps ; known cure, however bad the case. SMITH'S INVALUABLE PILE POWDERS, AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors.

THOMAS LEA, CONFECTIONER AND WHOLESALE BREAD BAKER, CHURCH-STREET, RUNCORN, Begs to inform his numerous patrons that he has just opened, as a Branch Establishment, the Shop, 38, HIGH-STREET. RUNCORN, with high class confectionery and fancy breads. Orders will receive prompt attention.

• TOWLE'S k iIILORODYNE RENOWNED EOR CO II KGS, TOWLE'S CIILORODYNE INFLtome, BRONCHITIS, TOWLF,'S CIII.ORODYNE CONSUMPTION. ( ASTHMA, TO W L E'S )lILORODYNE SPASMS, TWHOOPING COUGH, owLm's kJULORODYNE INFLUENZA, &C. DOSES for 13id, It is IMPORTANT to INSIST on having TOWLE'S as other preparations and makes are pushed for sake of extra profit.

TREMENDOUS REDUCTION IN PRICE OF LIPTON'S HAMS. THE FINEST IN THE WORLD. SPECIALLY SELECTED OWN PER BRAND 1/2D. LB. LEAN, MILD, AND FINE FLAVOURED. Every Ham Guaranteed Perfection. OTIIER CHOICE QIJALITLES 61/2D. AND 71). PER LB. No matter what price is paid, finer cannot be had.. BACON! BACON!! AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. Tons of extra choicest quality cured in my own, establishments. IN SIDES, ROLLS, AND CUTS. THE SECRET how Lipton can sell Hams and Bacon cheaper than all competitors is because he is OEU? ot the Largest Curers in the World. Customers buying from him save all Mi idlernen's Profits, and get a‘ much superior article. • LIPTON, THE LARGEST TEA. COFFEE, AND PROVISION DEALER IN THE WOULD. LOCAL BRANCHES : WARRINGTON : Corner of Bridge-st ,and Friar's Gate. MANCHESTER : 26. Olaham-st., and Stretford-rd.. (Corner Cambridge-st.) ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE : 175. Stainfora-st. OLDHAM 97, Mumps. /3RANCHES and AGENCIES throughout the World.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Are a Tonic Pur:fier. Strenetbeit the Whole System' Induce Cheerfulness ~,,tn . Invaluable as a Family

R. SCOTT'S PILLS Cure Loss of Appetite. Cure Depression of Spirits. Cure all Disorders of the 1110°1,, Cure Lassitude and Nervotsue

BOVRIL THE QUARANTRIM PRODUCT OF. PRIME OX BEEF. FORTIFIES THE SYSTEM AGAINST INFLUENZA, COLDS AND CHILLS. SERVED HOT AT RESTAURANTS. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS, CHEMISTS. STORES, &c.

THE EYAMINEji.. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1893.

GOO MEDAL DIETETIC TEAS. SPECIALLY RECOMMENDED TO DYSPEPTICS, and a great boon to any who have been denied the use of other teas by their Medical Advisers. HENRY -MILLING & CO, LTD. MERCHANTS, WARRINGTON.

1 kjIIRISTMAS OLIDAYS. HENRY MILLING and COMPANY, LIMITED, beg to inform their Customers and th, Public gener- ally that their places of business will be CLOSED ON BANK HOLIDAY DECEMBER 26th. HORSEMARKET-STREET AND CORPORATION-STREET BUILDINGS, AI.RINGTON.

WHITCHURCH DAIRY SHOW. THE FIRST PRIZE CIIEESE Were put up to Auction, and were Bold for TWO HUNDRED SHILLINGS : ,t4*!- ‘!/,•1 PER CWT. • ! • .1! •'-1" (The highest price on record.) A consignment from this celebrated -DAIRY will be cut up end sold at 10D. PER LB. roa XMAS BY J. B • SA AC. ."'"4'2 'AU • NI ! 4,11,33 SANKEY STREET, ; latit ergrd •5;t:; WARRINGTON.

.MA:-NiH,O-..0:0

How Lost! How Regained! rNVALITABIE REMARKS for Young and Middle-Aged Men. 4thi ."I:oiv,i* • jED 1 * KNOW THYSELF. /2. vr: Or Sr.IF-PRESERVATION. A little work in brief on NERVOUS DEBILITY, EXHAUSTED VITALITY PREMATURE DECLINE, and all ACQUIRED DL SEASES, and WEAKNESSES OP MAN, their CAUSE and CURE. Remarks on the sul,ject of how to preserve the health when in possession of it. end how to regain it wh, n lost. The best moans of restoring brain fag, impaired memory, Incapacity for study or business, genera debility of the system, and at wasting of the tissuss. This little woik will be found void of Latin phrases and fancy Wolll.9,and will be forma lorisf, precise, and void of unnecessary reading. Fifteen minutes spent in its perusal will teach the reader moro than flys days reading in any book written in this nil :ect. If yout link IT CONCERNS YOU it will be sent you in Vain enve one and SEALF.D for FiV.3 Penny Stamps. Address—U )I:tn a LABORATORY. Bradford, Yorkshire. ekDrICS FREE BY LETT ER LOTT. COPYRIGHT Mention this Paper,

ONE POUND OUT OP EVERY THIRTY POUNDS OF TEA

BROOKE, BOND & Co. Think of the millions of men, women, and chil- dren In our teeming land and then realise that Brooke, Bond •Sc Co. supply one out of every thirty in those myriads with Tea. THAT FACT IS THE BEST PROOF OF VALUE. WE DO NOT FEAR COMPETITION, and we court comparison, for our position Is impregnable. WHY? BECAUSE we buy for " cash " and sell for " casts " many million pounds of Tea every year; so we can sell and do sell every pound for the smallest profit. We deal in TEA ONLY. It is plain indeed that a firm which devotes all its attention to Tea alone must give the Public the best possible value in Tea. Our gigantic business has been established twenty-three years, our reputation is so high, and we have altogether so much at stake that we are thus bound by the best and surest of all guaran• tees to do the utmost possible for the Public and /or you. WILL YOU NOW TRY THE TEA ITSELF? It is sold in One-pound, Half-pound, and Quarter. pound Packets. Each is prepared and sealed by us at our own Warehouses, and hears our Signature and celebrated Trade Mark of the double-triangle or six-pointed star. OUR AGENTS draw their supplies constantly from us, and they sell exactly the same Tea at the same prices as at our celebrated warehouses. 1/-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 2/.., 2/4 or 2/8 per lb. WE ARE GLAD to receive applications for Agencies in this District from energetic trades- people. Selling our Tea is already a regular annuity to thousands of enterprising men and women. BROOKE, BOND, ec CO., LIMITED, 17, PICCADII LT, MANCHESTER, AND AT LEEDS. DRADVORD, AND L ONLON.

:on COUGHS e A 4,4 \-\'‘ ‘ i.r*::l s.s -, is:\l2-1-isif7l: ' \O:-...'' • .0‘ (I fyi Cco:dirzw,,: 4:;...0: to-4 f.,-.'.; _:::4. /4 ,7,4"/ ,• ' ~, • Y it.' • i wi; 71tAb E , MAP' ' ~.4._. ovincus BALsAII ANISEED For ASTHMA, BRONCHITIS, NIGHT COUCH, INFLUENZA, HOARSENESS, AND ALL LUNG TROUBLES. SAFE AND RELIABLE. Hatablighed 70 Year& Em Trade Mark on Wrappers. Beware of Imitations. SOLD BY CHEMISTS EVERYWHERE. In Bottles. 1111, 2/31 V% and 11/.

THE MINERS' FEDERATION. • MINERS AND "CON CRACTING OUT." The Conference of the Miners' Feleration of Great Britain was opened on Thursday, in Birmingham. Mr. I E. Cowey presided, and there was a large attendance of I I delegates. The busimss in relation to the Gonciliatirm Board,which includes the appointment of representatives and the discussion of rules, was deferred. It was reported that there were nine thousand Federation miners still out of work, and it was decided to continue the levies. A very confidsnt hope was expressed that the strike at the Scotch pits would terminate early next week. A long discussion took place on the Employers' Liability Bill. Reference wa.ff made to the deputation which waited on Lord Salisbury, ostensibly representing the Miners' Permanent Belief Society, to urge the l'ory leaderto see that the power of the contracting out clause was introduce& Ths Lancashire dt legates emphatically denied that this deputation._ represented the miners. It : was asserted that the bulk of the pitmen of this county were distinctly opposed to any such arrangement. Mr. T. Aspinwall moved a resolution to the effect that tee deputation was not authorised to speak on tx,half of the miners, and that the Conference protested against the principle of contracting out of the provisions of the bill. The resolution was adopted, as was also another declar- ing that no bill would be satisfactory which permitted masters or men to contract out in any circumstances or for any consideration..

4EXANIINER" STEAM PRINTING WORKS BRWEIHY STSV.ET.

HOLLOWAY'S PILLS & OINTMENT Are.acknoNvledged by all to be The Best Medicines for Family Use. MANUFACTURED ONLY AT 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON. And Sold by all Medicine. Vendors throuyhout the Work/. Advice Gratis, at the above address, dally, between the bourn of 11 and 4, or by letter.

kv c / 1 -,---r-...,----7-___/ : / i i i \ * \ \ \ ____:._------.3-... - I ripl-.4n t---7- ~,. 1 4 i,3,' . ( liii.,F-TITTii, 1 R. filn ni I 4kre j? p.,r4,01,. ' - i-e -v\ -.,.,, ,?..' r--. " k" .( 43,-'3q). ,V, , ' •I'll) ' ,77c454 .' q ( ( v t?'-' \-:,•42,\.:1;:-.*;..,,,,,, ~s-;!',.., 7.. i. r- 1 , • ~.. " . e.;;;•••/(1. 0.1 - • ..;w:;:tkr• e. . A., !• -,- ..-% A ........„ r,- .• • h \\..?,.% • I ,•2, --I.` `1 k. d'4kr • • \ ‘s ) fr, ,cr gCcr CS WM,. 1 -- i 'S ' • 1-""// .\ 0 '.., '. ' ';' 1.,...,t3..„.! //,„.__:.: .4.. :11.,'2-_-,-. r . v.i::•• • fr` ):- • * k•..Y4:W. ll :: •0 ' I._ 7--.- ___ ql '-- ---:-- 'bij•li '-'l/ •... . 4 t A :. - ~••••• •.. 600--* ' !, . t . ':' : • . • 7.- 1 i ......e , .g...4v....,....4.,-.; .- --- • t Si / , .. • • 7 ~..-:- •• -1-4 • ... e . ...„ v.: "'''' -' • - gil - Ir, ..r.0r.7 .. .04 ...,"b • . . 4 • 4' • "'ILI' , ...... . . . . ' -t . '-'---- - '--'''-'.-Takinillig ' - - 1 . "..,--; '-_..., ............ ..............• '" I" UNIVERSv BROCAIION, Is. 1 !-.41. & `Z

trt man SOOTHING POWDERS liOR CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN JSE OVER FIFTY YEARS.

"JOHN STEEDMAN, CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY." is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

_ A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and " reduced to a more simple form. Take some good compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious com- partments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Obso ver. • . 1.6 FREE FROM MERCURY. A Ti luous OP PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. P 1 L LS FOR BILE. LIVER, AOIDITv, INDIGESTION, &c.

PURE IRISH LINEN, IRISII CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS POCK ET Guaranteed all pure flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs. beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN COLLARS. Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars, 5/6 per dozen; made special to pattern, 8/8 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9. 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yards square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 44c1. per yard. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide 1/11 per yard SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. 11uckahack TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS, FOR SUMMER AND EVENING WEAR. IRISHTWEED, salsldPsutryelleV. oorl.lease Unssauyr piafs sf oeclr Lf oardli et rse' nogrtGhenDtsura' wbielaritY, Patterns Free by Return of Post. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. n. R. HUTTON 41 CO .3 LARNE, BELFAST,

WOODS' PATENT GALVANISED ....... ROWATT'S LAMPS STEEL WIRE MATTRESSES, 1 . 1 , 1 r., ) PATENTED. , With French and Persian 13(-1F.tCR,JS complete. 1. 1 1.,......1%. \ t t MARVEL " 4, .1, ' ',ll -i:,...1r:,W4- ' , S 40 to 100 Cradle-Power, i) •Algak_aren4 1. 311035—French. •,, . , .., To be seen carrying "EOS" ONE TON. ../ r ,110 to 100 Candle-Power. Alio . We Challenge E.--; / ? - other Wireidattretcs 4, /si . ' SURPRISE " 7.11,110„....___._ - ..,,re; to stand this Test It . lee ‘i,'<" \". l 30 Candie-Power. 1 ' •i• But ts tt ever re 1 --,---- ,-,.. , quires! of a Mattress . .."..... , that it should carry • r" )0101*:;Psr, , r one ton l Certainly li . ) i 2 " LORNE " , , , , 15 to 2.5 c-p. (chnoneyiess). not. Hitherto the .' 1 ''',' ', • SPL /r- W/CK 'A NUCA PN/C - complh nt against tius use of , Mill I \ . . . . : Wire Mattresses has been that , ,a ' i ~...; ailik 4/ 12 to 22 c-p.(cllimneyless). . ==- • --- ---- i Our Lampe are the most Beonom• to,' 445igh........; they stretched alter a time, ' is, 0,...t..-.;;;•=x7,,, , .., 1„ 15e4„t., 1, „ g g,,,,,wet, N anagwi. whielsysa true. We give this ' ''' '''---"' '''' 11ik..-=-:14 INaletT ON HAVING severe test to prove that ours will not stretch. It they - A ROWATT'S LAMP. do within 6 years we will replace with new ones. Sill: ' , h A New Patent Safety Auto- To be had frrrn iska- ...4iti"; : male Extinguisher Duplex THOMAS SUTTON, Sale Rooms. Legit Street. .., LODI). VIM Lo24olrOltD Wllin Co .Limited.WARIUNGION. I }IOWA il"8 ' 4101tDON ' PATENT HOWATT'S LAMP RS above HURRICANE LANTERN ifnrosmuliereimshmouulnditiyieoLdmanpg4 With Patent Wimiguard Mull any means get upset. as dile- Most Perfect Out.lloor Lamp mwie. trl'icetiluitomatioPlixtir guis ter Do not use any other. ar•ts, and out goes the light. Beware of Imitations. lletAll from Iron mongers,dC.

. ,r,-K.4 r.• .. r- "' E, ''c LtitliE S••.:.:tir:';'. ' ''.,..''' . ~,3 „,.......----- . . -......„....-,,_ • '...... ''' • .. - .. 0 -. Ap ~,\,.N...„,,....„„..... .yEN_ ..... SAVES ,(lEt ÜB. BI N-G ... -.- BONUS TO BE GIVEN DURING 1893 6..1894 TO ALL USERS OF Venus -,oAp. Full Pirtioulars on e3ch Wrappek For 120 Wrappers, Timepiece No.l, 41n. Dial will be sent. Picture of the Statue For 200 Wrappers, Timepleoe lima Gin. Dial will be sent. VENUS Dn MILO, Size 17* by 14 in., mounted, For 850 Wrappers, Timepiece N0.8,91'1.1318.1 will be sent. WILL BE SENT TO ANY ADDRESS For 400 Wrappers, a Gentleman's' Handsome I will be sent. For 25 Wrappers, and fOr 500 Wrappers, a Lady's Keyless Watch will be gent- For 60 Wrappers • In fiand,orne GO Frame. ....... `

H. M. ASHTON'S PECTORAL COUGH ,INCTUS, CURES COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS. CATARRH, dur. 71d. and Is. per bottle. Post El'ree, le. 3d. To be obtained only at 63, SANK KY-STREET, (Opposite Legh-st.) WARRINGTON.

TEE T H. TEETH. TEE T 11 - rrE H ETII. PARKINSONS'S TEET are, at the Price' UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The public . L FEETLI. may rest assured that these statements f based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, and perhaps the TEETH. bast guarantee of this to intending patients I: , that, J. 11. PARKINSON has one of the D.mtal Practices in T England, the outcome,?. employing the BEST LABOUR, using • BEST MATERIALS obtainable, and chargill" : . TEETH. the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. Any set made, or any work done by hint, 01,11 ' • T EETH2ot giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION Ever N 7,etail will be immeliately correctel, oy , an ENTIRE NEW SET made FRES ° , 1 TEETH. ciumill. These conditions Insure the public's satisio„ci 1 TEETH. Lion and recommendation, exemplified 139,,` ' sets having been inserted for patients dur'l 'FIEETH. one year only, directly and indirectly throng ' the voluntary persuasion and recomrnendatier, I. TEETH. of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any or all) these patients' names and addresses, for rare; rence, will be given to any would-be Patie,no: TEETH. personally applying for them. These, T.I, thousands in the past, each recommending TEETH. friends, speak volumes for Mr. Parkinson ' Success. I' TEETH. His unusually Large Dental EstabliehMeni adapted for the COMFORT of Patients, ISil.„01, , TEETH. NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCOMO, i FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily from 9 tor t . and 2 to 6. TEETH. • ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRn ACTI &c., as hitherto, by the aid of his own n'''',,, 'TEETH. LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which he 001. liquefies for sale to dentists nearly 10,000 el' 'rEETII. lons weekly. Patients, have, therefore, 114.'" speciality also the benefit of his experience. TEETH. CLOSED ALL DAY ON FRIDAYS. -- . J. 11. PARKINSON, TEETH. Dentist by Examination, 46, MOSLEY-STREET, MANCHNST 23', WARRINGTON ON WEDNESDAYS, at Miss Charles Ladies' Outfitter, Sankey-st., from 2 to 5 P.m' RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes, (late Parson's), Confectioner, Bridge-st., from 2 to 6. NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS, at Miss Gibson's. 2. Ca"le.' ~,r, or, II to 5. AA —.0.!

io ,'„Ordinary not4t:.is of Births. Marriages, and Deaths, er°4l sorted free of charge. Marriages or Deaths with the "No Cards," or any addition to the Registrar's ordiatif notice, are charged One Skilling iT nit Sixpence, if erenaid• 27'711 announcements on ,Tedit, Two Shillings and &L.Tp.NII4. .0. 311,th announcements must be authenticated by the DJ'''. and address of sender. BI I tTii. If VEN if, N.—Deeember Cth, at 9, Museum-street, the vv.-- George Venn, of a daughter. 3IA RIAGE. BROWN—SPEAKMAN. --Dec. 4th, at the Parish Church. IrAtr; rington, by the Rev. A. A. Markham, Walter IRMO, Itiza Speakman. DEATHS. ione BTO M.—December 4th, at Market Place, Warriu4toll, - Stocks, aged 62 years. '1 SNEELOCK.—December 4th, at Latchford, Milani Sbe 'l‘ 'l4 aged 33 years. (113 JONES. December sth, at Latchford, John Jones. B`.o years. , WlLLlAMl.—December 6th. at Lovely-lane. yfrjngtO Gertru.:e Williams, aged 13 years and 4 months. ton. BENJAMIN.—Dee,mb,r 7th, at Wellfielct-st., Warring Violet Benjamin, aged 1 thy.

- - - NI EMORIAL CARDS, 'srs CIRCULARS, BILLIIEADs, MEMORANDUMS, Treit,aas Handbills, Window Bills, Posters, anci printing of all i"ssbi executed with neatness aid despatch by Jolizi S. the Borough Press 34, bridge -street, Warringtou•

- ------------- - - THE M ANCHESTER TAILORING & CLOTHING DEP°T' 8 & 10, HORSEMARRET-ST., WARRINGTO ARE, SHOWING the LARGEST RANGES of all ND MAKES of CLOTHS for MOURNING WEAR0, WORSTEDS, SERGE, VIENNAS,LLAMA &HOPSA SUITS READY MADE OR TO MEASURE at short notice for MEN, YOUTHS and BOYS SIZD' Well ;narle and thoroughly reliabla- _—..!
