===== 0002601_18930408_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
REGISTERED FOR TRANSMISSION ABROAD

NO. 730.

RUNCORN pARISTI CHURCH SUNDAY SCHOOL CONCERT, In the NATIONAL INFANTS' SCHOOL-ROOM, On WEDNIRSDAY, April 12th, 1893. o,p?iir, eta Proceeds in aid of the Prize Fund. Doors open at 7.30. Concert at Hight. :—Fro,t seats. Is. ; second seats, 6d., may be T '' el from Id es Mack. High-street, or from ,any of the eachers.

fIRUSALEM BAZAAR .fl aid of the restoration of St. Alban's Church, Bewsey- street, Warrington, will be held in the WARRINGTON GYMNASIUM, Palmyra-square, Tics On APRIL 11th, 12th, 13th. and 14th. ..szaar will be opened on TUESDAY, April 11th, by IPKI HIS WORSHIP THE MAYOR Ward Greenall, Esq., JP.). at Half-past Three o'clock under th- distinguished patronage of -kile Most Rev. ARCHBISHOP SCARISBRICK, DD., 0.5.8., The Most Noble the MARQUIS of RIPON. ICG., G.C.5.1., Tha Right 11,71011111111 A LORD GERARD of BRYN. Ihe Right Honourable Bir CHARLES RU4SELL. 31. P., Attorney General. T. J. DOWN, Esq.. ,„ 1L:n,,41:V consented to conduct his Celebrated BAND at ~Vieoi ening, and each Evening during the &var. Yinnasium will be fitted up by Messrs. Wilkinson, Liverpool, and will be a faithful Representation of s. " A STREET in JERUSALEM." The Bazaar will be open each Afternoon at 3.70, when , Various Amusements will be provided. 'tree, ,Inn Tickets (not transferable) 2s. 6d., admitting any Ss,) 'nring the Bazaar. Tickets fr.,r Day of 0; cuing (Toes- SIP to six o'clock • after six o'clock, Is. Second Day, '111,7a to six o'clock - a.fter six o'clock, fd. Third Day l'sda3), and Fourth Day (Friday), 6d. from time of open- rTickets for the Bazaar may be had from the follow- Stallholders and Assistants :- 116:IL. Cavanagh,. Bewsey-street • Mrs. Lynch. Legh-street ; .„..'ittee,Yrisworth. Bewsey-street ; 'Miss Voisey, Wiumarleigh- gils„"; Mrs Glaarsi, Bold-str et ; Miss jones, Dudley-=tr ; Nlje.Y.reb,ter. Gladstone-street ; Mrs'. Cantrell, and Miss +ha. 70, Bewsev-street ; Mrs. W. Unsworth, Legn-street ; Bo' yle Bewsey-street ; the Misses Kean. Bewsey- Miss ItTeClow, Horsemarket-Street ; or to the Rev. 043-,.as Basil Reentr' .'OS B. ; Rev. John. Sigebert Cody. C'' and Rev. Thomas Isidore Craven, 0.5.8. ; or any of onlrnittee. CNAS. H. HNSWORTH, ITon. Solicitor:Warrington Treasurer. L. VOI S BY Jun., Winrnarleigh-str, et, Hon. HENRY HOUGHTON, Secs. .pB, Rolleston-street,

SAINTS' SCHOOL, GOLBORNE. With

V.the gracions permission of the Mana.zer (T. IL 4llegf), Esn.), and willing consent of the artistes, A GRAND CONCERT "%given in the above School. on WEDNESDAY EVEN- aN4, APRIL 12m, 1893, by Lrading Members of the World RenoWned eARL ROSA ROYAL OPERA CO. q4l „ . iajesty's Servants) To commence at 7.45. Carriages Its "Iteservcat chairs, 35.; Second Seats, 28. ; Third ren Ls• Tickets may be obtained from the Rev. Father .410 4Ps:,rs. J. tinsworth, P. Touh.y, R. L. Pennington e,„" • Williamson (Golborne) ; Mr. lordan, Post Office .and Mr. T. Kenny, Stationer (Barlestown). N,MAS CLARKE, EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, MARK isT-ST., EARLESTOWN. 01 eleetion of PLAIN and FANCY STATIONERY "1 stook, London and Provine'al Newspapers, Weekly , Daily, and Weekly Papers delivered in ithe pbourhood of Earleatown,Wargrave. and the Vulcan. I.4,,Rent for the old Established Dyers, Davies and Son, eet,ool. e

WALKER ART GALLERY, LIVERPOOL.

LIPRING EXIIIBITION.

oPEN DAILY *UNTIL: ;11S.HIT,LING: Abl‘II88I" 1/11VOgigg;OTO2j, 3IXPIINCH. SEA3ON TICKETS 28. 6d. EACH

CINDERA to be had at the Examiner Office.-4d. a loan given for carting.

WILL BUY or EXCHANGE Curios, Diamonds, on Gold and Silver; highest price. —JACKSON, Pawn- broker, 71, Oxford st.. Manchester.

1893. NOW IS THE TIME TO EMIGRATE. FREE GRANTS OF LAND IN CANADA. 160 ACRES in MANITOBA and the NORTH-WEST, and MONEY BONUS to SETTLERS. PAMPHLETS issued under the authority of the Imperial and Dominion Gorerntrents. FARMERS' DELEGATES' REPORTS, and full information resue, Mug the above territories their resources, trade &cc supplied free by MR. JOHN DYKE, CANADIAN GOVERNMENT AGENT, 15. WATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL, who has recently returned from aft extended visit to the Canadian Noith-West.

EPPS' S

COCO A

===== 0002601_18930408_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_18930408_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
on ot f 0' I'o 3*, 1

low sPe

(1.4

•••• .0.

'lis' 01 kli 0

_...• ',3.,•

===== 0002601_18930408_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
GRATEFUL

COMFORTING.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
TAREAKFAST OR SLIPPER

BOILINO WATER OR MILK

SATURDAY, APRIL 8, 1893.

A Bows TO:LA,DIES. A BOON TO LADIES. A BOON TO LADIES. A N English Sufgeon Sp'ecialist will forward lA_ (free of charge) full %particulars of a reraedy which, during an extensive practice in England and the. Colonies, he has never known to fail in the MOST OBSTINATE CASE OF - OBSTRUCTION AND lIMGCLARITIES. Forward addreised envelope for full particulars, and waste no more time and money on useless pills and so-called remed- ies, &c., which, in the imijority of, cases, are nettling bulk purgatives, and cause sickness, prostration, and pain, with- out having the desired result. Letters to be addressed to— THE SURGEON, GOTHIC HOUSE, 9 ERbEINE-ST., LIVERPOOL

===== 0002601_18930408_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

//ottls.

giFtipping 06tiro.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
E M IGR A.T I 0 N.

TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD. Intending emigrants to New York, Boston Philadelphia, San Fransisco, Canada, China, Japan, Auetralia, or New Zealand, should take tickets (lowest rates) atthe "Examiner" office, Warrington, by GUION. mgER/oAN, AusTRA- LIAR, ORIENTAL, arid other lines. - -

JOHN WALKER, AGENT, "EXAMINER" OFFICE BEWSRY-ST.. WARRINGTON. •

===== 0002601_18930408_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
PRICE ONB PENNY. E Pon le. 7id. per Quarter, 13e. 6d. per Annum, In lidnusoo. T le. 9d. per Quarter, credit.

DAY. SON, AND HEVFITT'S 'ORIGINAL" AND CELEBRATED LAMBING AND CALVING REMEDIES.

'SHE STOCK-BREEDER'S ANCHOR OF SAFETY,

THE GASEOUS FLUID. Cures Paining in Bad Calving and Lambing. Cures Low Condition. Debility, and Hoven Cures Colic, S, our, Spasms, and Diar,htea. Cures Coughs. Colds, and Loss of Appetite. Price is. 9d. per bottle; 20s.per doz-n boxes. THE RED DRENCH. For Cleaning after Lambing ana Calving. For Hide-bound, Red Water, and Ye' lows, For Chills, Fevers, and Stomach Cleansing. For Preventing Milk Fever and Dropping. Price 3s. 6d. per doz. (Ewes); 13s. per doz. (Cows). THE CHEMICAL EXTRACT, For Anointing in Critic ICalving and Larnbing For Killing all Pain and Preventing Heaving. For all Sores, Wounds, and Swollen Udders. For Sore Throats, Strains, Cuts and Bruises. Price 2s. 61., 3s. 6d.. and 7s. per Bottle.

The " GASEOLYNE," for Extreme Pain In Cattle and Sheep, 111 wn Cattle, Violent Scour, and Colic of the worst type ;also Excessive Pain in Cows and Ewes during partu- rition. Price 3s. 6d. per bottle.

The above and many other,with "KEY TO FARRIERY." from the world-renowned STOCK-BREEDER'S MEDICINE CHEST. Price. complete. £2 16e. 6d.

ROYAL ANIMAL MEDICINE MANUFACTORY. 22, DORSET-STREET, LONDON, W. Established nearly 60 Years.

N.B.—Gratuitous advice given by our Mr. T. CI. HEWITT. M.R.C.V.S., London.

TRADE, MARK.

" T EW-ITT" ALES " TEW-ITT" ALES

XXX. AND STOUT

SPECIAL BITTER

-- SPECIAL STOUT ............ 10s. GD. PER 9 GALL&

MILD ALE 12Q 6D. PER 9 GALLS.

XX. ALE .......... 12s. 6D. DER 18 GALLs. These Beers can be had in 41, 9, 18, and 36 Gallon Casks, at the above rates. '

RICHARD F ORSHAW COLLINS GREEN BREWERY, NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS.

EASTER SHOW. AT THE

MANCHESTER TAILORING AND

CLOTHING APOT. BEING LARGE MANUFACTURERS OF CLOTH- ING of every description and LARGE BUYERS FOR CASH enable them to receive great advantages from the Woollen Manufactures. and our Customers will receive the benefit in Buying their Clothing from them ALL GOODS ARE WELL MADE and . .

Trimmed equal to any bespoke trade.— THEIR STOCK THIS SPRING IS BEYOND ANY PREVIOUS SHOW FOR MAGNITUDE NOVELTY

===== 0002601_18930408_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
AND VALUE.

MEN'S SUITS 16/6, 18/11.21/-, 23/6, 27/6, 30/-, 33/-. MEN'S TnousElts 5/11, 6/6, 6/11, 7/6, 8/6, :)/6, 10/6.

INSPECTION INVITED. ALL GOODS OUR OWN MAKE. 8 AND 10. HORSEMARKET-STREET. WARRINGTON.

GRADY'S

L! kOCOUREE,

• , MET AL POLISH. SAVES LABOUR And Rivet a Most brilliant and lasting polish. In lc, 4d.,2d., and Id. Of all Grocers and Chandlers.

• Wholesale from DUGUID BELL, and Co 28. CHAPEL-STIMET, LIVIiRPOOL.

WILLIAMS AND CO. THE NEW (TO ORDER ONLY) CASH TAILORS. WE ARE NOW SHOWING ALL NEW GOODS FOR SPRING AND SUMMER

WEAR. THE 50/- SUIT.

IN ALL THE NEW 411. BYS, SEROES,.e. TH. 63/- SUIT. IN CASHMERE, LLAMA, SERGES &c, T 30/ S H PRING OVERCOAT. IN ALL SHADES. 6/ TROUSERS 13/- AND 16

• See our Windows this week at ROYAL EXCHANGE CORNER, ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

HOME MADE MARMALADE.

A DELICACY IN EVERY HOUSEHOLD.

COLLINGE'S SEVILLE ORANGE MARMALADE.

SOLD BY ALL 4ROCENS.-WORKS BABLBSTOWN.

HOME MADE SAUSAGES.

--- .IHOLYNEUX'4 HOME-MADE HIGH CLASS

PORK SAUSAGES.

3/ Ade from Pork Slaughtered on own Premises.

ALSO MOLYNEUX'S BEEF & PORK SAUSAGES.

These will be found to agree with those that find all Pork too rich.

Everyone should try these EXCELLENT SAUSAGES (both kinds), to ascertain which are roost suitable for them.

ALSO HOME•MADE

PORK PIES AND BRAWN

CHINA TEA'S.

Tea a la Sir Andrew Clarke.

l For years, whenever my Customers have asked me for a Mild Tea, I have advised the Pure. old Fashioned China which I keep, and the advice has been appreciate n eminent authority as Sir Andrew Clarke, the London Physician, corroborates , , It is very satisfactory to them that such d. a opinion. Here is an extract from an interesting lecture, delivered by Sir Andrew the other day. tO the Students of the London Hospital : Ido not know what I should do without It. But there is tea and tea, an, one of the teas I I " Tea is a blessed beverage. liave in my mind is the representation of all that is physiologically wicked, go about town a geed deal holding consulta- tions here and there, and about five o'clock, when 1 get into a place, the lady ofutthethhouse will say to me : 'Sir Andrew, you look tired, do let m YOU a cep n or tea.' I say ' thank you very much.' you not like it strong, Sir Andrew,' and she then pours about tut.'aahas oeufidiveo s with water. Now I call it positivecruelty to give tea like th tablespoonfult'udfor hoafl 1 t- ahne -ht ea° u irn, to n ad csihme remarks, ' I know y and fills theCuP uP . at to anybody and I hope you, gentlemen, will always set your face against it. Tea, to be useful, should be first of an Black China Tea ; the Indian Tea which is ' being cultivated has become so powerful in its effects upon the nery ms system that a cup of it taken early in the morning, as many do, so disorders the nervous system thatthose who take it act get et into a state of tea intoxication, and it produces a form of nervous disturbance, which is most painful to witness. It you Want to have, either for yourselves or for your patients, tea which will not injure and which wm refresh, get B ea, putting in Black Ohl T' the right measure—the na obi fashioned teaspookful for each person and one for the blessed pot. Then pour on briskly boiling water, and within five 1 minutes you must pour It off again, or it will become wicked instead of good," Such is Sir Andrew Clarke's opinion and advise. A few words of warning, however, are necessary to those who have for- gotten what this old fashioned tea is like. p The colour of the tea after it is brewed will be found tobe much Paler than that now in use, and the taste may not be acceptable at first owing to its apparent insipidness ; but if its use is persisted in, it will very soon be found to be much of the kind now in ordinary use, you moresuitable for the syatem, an.i if, in a week to two after its use, a trial is again made will wonder however you could have oeen using it,and you will endorse Sir Andrew's statement. This old fashioned China Tea, as recommended by Sir Andrew Clarke, can be obtained new, as always or the last 35 years, a 6

lIOIIAS MOLYNEU X HOUSEHOLD STORES, 37, 39, & 41, MARKET-STREET. EARLESTOWN,

===== 0002601_18930408_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS. "CAPITAL" CHAT. WHAT language did Balaam's ass speak ?—'Tis Mr. Grant Allen still remains at his usual winter conjectured he was either a resort of Antibes, in the Alpes Maritimes. He is as Ilebra(y)ist, or that he spoke Ass-syrian. usual working hard at writing of many sorts and A sous° lady says that "if a cart-wheel ham colours—novels, scientific books, and hit Weekly t nine felloes attached to it, it's a pity that a girl like after-dinner philosophy for the " Wesgriinser." her can't have one. I Although an excessively occupied man, Mr. Grant Au Irishman being asked why he left his country Allen has lately found time to write an elshilent for America, replied, "It wasn't for want; I had little memoir of the late James Runciraan. It will . • plenty of that at home." appear wiflia- book. Of selectioiTfdmtlieiate JEtrNv LIND is done at last. There is a man who writer's essays, which is being prepared by hisnep- has a canary bird with such a delightful voice that hew, Mr. John F. Runeiman, and will--beaceom-, he sweetens his tea with it. panied by an introduction from Mr. Stead's pen. MISS GILLMORE was courted by a man named Haddock. "I only want, love," said he, "one gill Miss Julia Bracewell Felkard, the clever lady more to make me a perfect fish." artist, who is sending this year to the Royal WE once knew a toy who said that he liked "a Academy three portraits of distinguished celebritses good rainy day—too rainy to go to school, and just in the theatrical world—Mrs. Keeley, Mr. J. L. Toole about rainy enough to go a-fishing." and Mr. John Billington—is descended frem an old A YANKEE editor says he was "like to die a Suffolk family dating as far back as the time of larfin' to see a drinkin' chap tryin' to pocket the King Henry V. She is the daughter of a physician, shadow of a swinging sign for a pocket-handker- and was born in London. Miss Folkard has exhib- chief." ited for several years at the Royal Academy, and A WATCH THAT GOES ON s. DurucaTE Movie- some of her works have been reproduced as supp'e- MENT.—We know &medical student, who, when he ments to illustrated periodicals. Her yciunger alludes to his etch, calls it affectionately "his sister who wrote under the name of' Mary Penny- poppit."—Panch. son," is a novelist and a contributor to the maga• ' A MILITIA man being told by a phrenologist that zines. Another member of the same family, her he had the organ of locality very large, innocently cousin, Miss Gertrude Folkard, is also rapitily mak- replied, "Very likely—l was five years in the ing a name for herself in the literary world, and is • local militia.' well known, especially to the readers of "*earth A BARRISTER observed to learned brother in and Home," by the nom de plume of " Railli West." court, the other day, that the wearing of whiskers was unprofessional. "Right," replied his friend, • Sir John Bates- Thu Won, her Atideaty's ; High "a lawyer cannot be too barefaced." Commissioner in the Piaiitc, who has been thrsaten- " SAM," said one little urchin to another, "does ing to give Robert Louis Stevenson "three months' your schoolmaster ever give you a reward of merit?" hard" if the popular novelist does not cease stirring —"I s'pose he does," was the rejoinder.; "he gives up " seclitionl lu•Satium, is a Gloucestershire man me a lickin' every day. and says I merit two., verging on sixty, thirty of which have been spent "JAKE," said an old farmer, one day, to one of in the Pacific Islands. He is, in the classical lan- his mowers, "do you know how many horns there guage of the cab-rank, a somewhat " harbitrary are in a dilemma?"—" No, replied Jake, "but I gent." ,It is less than three years since he uncere- know how many horns there are to a quart of ale." monieusly bundled out of the neighbouring group SINCE the liquor law adopted in Maine, "cock. —the Tongan archipelago—an ex-Wesleyan clergy- tails" have to appear in disguise. Mint juleps are man named Shirley Baker, who had succeeded in bought at the "druggist's" under the head of making himself Prime Minister; and obnoxious to " vegetable tonics;" while sherry-cobblers are only her Majesty's High Commissioner. And it is quite known as "inspired cox dwainers." on the cards that the author of "Treasure Island" A FARMER who recently had his butter seized by will either be similarly evicted without notice or the clerk of the market for short weight, gave as a gaoled without trial if he does- not moderate his reason that the cow from which the butter was political activity in Samoa., 'Sir. John Thurston made was:subject to the'cramp, and that caused the would have made an ideal "removable magistrate" butter to shrink in weight. under the Balfourian regime. A COVETOUS, but very vain nobleman, employed an architect to erect for him a splendid mausoleum. Dr. John Williams, who has, net for the-first time When it was finished, he said to the builder, "Is successfully attended, the Duchess of Fife in her there anything wanted to complete it?"—" Nothing accouchmentds ond'of the most eminent of women's but your lordship's corpse," replied the architect. doctors, and, in hie, capacity of obstetriciatito the A SAILOR observing a tailor at work whose waist- Royal Family, has also rendered professional service coat was patched over with a great variety of to Princess Beatrice. Dr. Williams who comes from different coloured pieces of cloth, cried out to his the neighbourhood of Cardiff,. is a man of Sotne- mate, "Look ye, Jack, did you over see so many where about fifty, with a strong, clean-shaven sorts of cabbage before grown on one stump." visage, and a cool 'decided manner. Ile lives in In men there is a hump upon the windpipe. • Brook-st.. in the house formeriy.'neenpied by his formed by the thyroid cartillage, which is not to old and kind friend, Sir William Jenner. Dr. John be seen in women. An Arabian fable says that Williams rejoices in an exceedingly large income, this is a part of the original apple, that has stuck and hes been a London M.D., for more than a quer- in the man's throat by the way, but that the ter of a century. He is a University College man, woman swallowed her part. and there he has done splendid work as Professor A MOUNTEBANK, expatiating on the virtues of lof Midwifery and Obstetric Physician. He has his drawing salve, and reciting many instances of exemined in that -subject for the universities of its success, was interrupted by an old woman, who Oxford and London, has been president of the asserted rather iron-ically, that she had seen it I Obstetrical Society, and has written much about draw out of a door four rusty tenpenny nails, that his special line Of study. had defied the united efforts of two of the strongest blacksmiths in the country, with their hammers and pincers. • THE first hour a person spends at sea is com- monly devoted to admiring man's triumph over the deep—the next in admitting that it is gradually triumphing over him. " Steward, where's my berth? I begin to feel as if I should very soon need a little weak brandy, or a good deal of tin basin."

Bithop Barlow, of North 'Queensland, is one of tr. e few Anglican prelates who do not boast of a university degree. A section of the Australian episcopate was stupid enough to unsuccessfully oppose his promotion because he had not gone through the orthodox academic mill. The Arch- bishop ef Canterbury quietly snubbed these right rev, objectors by conferring on Bishop Barlow the rare distinction of a Lambeth degree. The latest news about Dr. Barlow is eminently to his credit. A cyclone wrecked the Roman Catholic church in Town.,ville, a leading centre of North Queensland, and Bishop Barlow immediately telegraphed offer- ing the use of the local Church of England to the Catholics until they could make other arrange- ments to meet the emergency. That was a happy, fraternal inspiration that in all probability would not have occurred to exceedingly learned episcopal M.A.'s and D.D.'s from Oxford or Cambridge. The Catholics thanked the Anglican bishop for his kind offer, but intimated that they had already secured the use of a public ball for their services.

OLIVER CROMWELL was a staunch Puritan, and could not brook the iast approach ta Popery. "What are these?" he once inquired, as he saw a dozen statues in the niches of a chapel.—" The twelve Apostles," replied the trembling dean.— "Take them down," said Cromwell, "and coin them into money, so that, like their Master, they may 'go about doing good.'" NATURAL AFF/NITY, —An outside passenger by coach had his hat blown over a bridge, and carried away by the stream. "Is it not very singular," said he to a gentleman who was seated beside him, "that my bat took that direction ?"—" No ta replied the latter; "it is natural that a. beaver .ahould take to the water." MATRIMONIAL MODE -OF PROVING INNOCENCE.— Young Bniffkins married Betty Blotchett for her money, but cannot touch it until she dies; and he treats her very badly on account of what he calls her "unjustifiable longevity." The other day Mrs. Sniffkins finding herself ill, sent for a doctor, and declared her belief that she was "poisoned," and that he (Snitikins) "had done it!" "I didn't do it! shouted Sniffkins. "It's all gammon, she isn't poisoned. Prove it, doctor; open her upon the spot—l'm willing. AN EX ANIFTZ OF rr.—" It distresses me," said the distinguished English lecturer—" it actually distresses me that the Americans are such fervent worshippors of the dollar." " I wonder if that is the reason so many of them pay two or three dollars a head to hear you lecture for an hour and a-half ?" suggested a man who had listened to the remark.

Sir George Baden Powell, who is to be married to-day (Saturday), has for sometime been an object of interest to the fair sex, who were unable to un- derstand why he and his brothArs preferred to live together as bachelors in the "ne house in St. George's-place instead of reqdring help from them. The member for the Kirkdale division is fair, not tall, with keen eyes, clean shaven face, a sharp manner, and an active brain. He has many friends on both sides of the house, and presents have flowed in from all quarters. He was the son of an eminent Oxford professor who figured in the " Essays and Reviere and was himself a Balliol man. Since then he has travelled widely and has done work in Victoria, the West Indies, South Africa, Malta, and British Columbia--his last exploits being connected with the settlement of the Behring Sea and seal dis- putes. He got his knighthood for his share in ar- ranging the Constitution of Malta, and will, no doubt, gain further distinction.

PREAMBLE.—An old gentleman, wishing to be at ease on horsebaek, took his horse to a riding master to be taught to amble. Two or three trials were made upon the animal with partial success.— "Come, sir, do you call this an amble ?" said the owner.—" No, sir, replied the equestrian.; "I call ha pre-ambe. A NOSE AND A FlST.—There was a nose—the largest nose this world did ever see; there was a face that ca:Tied it aloft triumphantly. There was a fist that smote that nose, and caused it sore to bleed; there was a man that bore that fist, and gloried in the deed. There was a catchpoll seized that man, a catehpoll lank and wizen ; there was a judge that seutenced him and sent him off to prison. There was a nose all bruised and black „and seamed with many sears ; there was a rueful-looking face behind the prison bars. TEACHING, A FOREIGNER TO SPEAR ENGLISH.— My friend the foreigner called on me to bid me fare- well before he quitted town, and on his departure he said—•• I an, going at the country." I ventured to correct his phraseology by saying that we were accustomed to say "going 11:ito the .country." He thanked rue for this correction, said he had pro- fited by my lcsson, and added, "I will knock into your door on my return." PRECIOUS METAL AND PRECIOUS Mss.—Owing to the attractions of the justrian digging, the shepherds of the whole country are deserting their flocks, and it is to be feared that the consequence will be the destruction of the sheep. Abundance of gold itself will thus be the cause of distress; and unless something is done to remedy this state of things, we shall soon experience a peculiar and unpleasant ill ustra, ion of the present "Great cry and little wool."—Puneh. THE Fcr REBUKED.-111-natured witticisms are often returned to these who make use of them. A French lady of lash ion, who was famous at court for her bon inet, was attacked by a young fop of high rank, with this question, "Pray, madam, was not that fine gown given you by a gallant?"—" No, my good fellow,' was her answer, "you think you are talking to your mother." TIIE H slon Times says an acquaintance of the editor a few weeks since, purohased a box of cigars warranted "first quality." After smoking half -a- dozen he became convinced that they were com- posed of seine other material than tobacco. Taking a small quantity of rich earth he filled a flower- pot, and planted one, and then patiently awaited, fOr a few days, the result. Half-a-dozen buds aypeared, and, at the end of two weeks, as fine a head of cabbage was grown as was ever seen. WELL MANAGED. -A well-known manager, whose name need not be given, was put to his wit's end by the receipt of a letter from his principal tenor, to the effect that he would not sing that evening unless the previous week's salary were paid instanter. The exchequer was empty. How- ever, about five in the evening, a messenger brought post haste, to the singer, a note, enclosing a cheque for £2O. It was after banking hours, and Just in time to save the evening performance. The singer, restored to good humour, appeared and went through the performance as usual; and pre- senting the cheque at the banker's, next morning found—no effects.

The grand old man of the British Nluseura Read- ing Room is unquestionably Mr. John Povey, who is 83 years of age, and has been a reader at the museum for over 60 years. Mr. Povey is a wonder- ful specimen of a hale and happy octogenarian,and throws off "pars " and articles, with a still facile pen. At the age of 21 '..kl r..Povey was a teacher at the training school for the then National Sociey at Westminster, and has devoted the greater portion of his lengthy life to public teaching and private tuition, having himself received his preliminary education at what was known as Tenison's Gram- mar School, tr generally called the Literary School, in Castle-st., Leicester-square. It need hardly be said that Mr. Povey is full of interesting reminis- ces, having been brought into contract with many of the celebrities of age, As a linguist Mr. Povey has undertaken many translations, and lately did the libretto of an English opera into German and Trench, and it was not until a few years ago that he made journalism his principal avocation. Mr. Povey has seen three or four generations of librari- ans at the Museum, and was on intimate terms with Mr. Panizzi, the originator of the great cata- logue.

Madame Sarah Bernhardt was powerfully impressed in Melbourne with the genius of a young Australian sculptor. Mr. E. B. MacKennal, whom she induced to transfer himself and his talent to the northern hemisphere and set up a studio in Paris, That he has not forgotten his native land at the Antipodes he has demonstrated by sending from Paris to Melbourne a striking design for a monu- ment to be erected by the associated trades of that city as a permanent memorial of the eight hours day. It is a group of three figures, the central one a half-draped figure of a woman holding aloft a tablet on which is inscribed the motto, " Eight Hours Labor," the attitude being startling expres- sive of energy and strength. On the left is a pathetic, attenuated figure of a young man typical of the condition of labor under the old harsh condi- tions. But although worn down by fatigue and long hours, he steadfastly grasps the banner of his cause and fixes his eyes on the inspiring motto on the tablet. On the other side is the figure of a stal- wart blacksmith, representative of triumphant labor, grasping with both hands a heavy sledge- hammer. The design has received much commenda- tion in Melbourne. being instinct with poetry, sympathy, and vitality.

SheffiPld cutlery exports to America show an increase of £5,000 for the past quarter over the corresponding, period last year, but are still much lower than before the passing of the M`Kinley Act.

Cartertnre Cocoa h absolureiv pure.—The Public An, ivsts have submitted CADBUBS'S COCOA to close tests and thr result has always proved its great value as a sust.in ng ased nourishing beverage. -.Advt.

The buildings at Heaton Norris known as the Albion Corn Mills, owned by Messrs. G. Nelstrop and Co., were burnt down early on Wednesday mornine% A large quantity of machinery was destroyed, and the total amount of the damage is estimated at over .£20,000.

PA JIA tal.__fl CAREE Get a bottle to-da7 efl LW PEERY DA.VISS sr, PAIN KILLER. l'i: Acts dirsAly on the Sala seat of Pain Vjiteti Dos,, Colds,Coughs.rlie,d- Small scum, Cramp and , ~ * Pain in the Stomach. I rfice Colic, Diarrhoea. Forty ill a Chwera., Sta. Sugar Coate Sol lb/ ar Chemists ~. .,t at Ili kuxd 29. Avoid s- ureil v eire all bnitatiens ander Cure Torpid mialmdmg names. Without Fal PAIN KILLER Cbeausts : '

MEDICAL.

I'ZZO,I

03 1.4 a! Lira Pal S. ;mall J( Flll TFF 11 all °,--,nsurxt by Cm timely tirnj tr,e of that dehcato Alt a aromatic tooth-wash, . 9 Praarraut Vi;l SOZOOONT wh,ch wU2peecuy. ,etable arrest ithrodepjz.,.: Liver deC:lii3trnt.raart a del.:11t1h1 lid. 1 C , bth

===== 0002601_18930408_art0012.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
M,rgilPIEN

===== 0002601_18930408_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
A CAVD.

p EVEREND JOS-E13.11:—IIOL NIES' improved Mexican Prescriptim, as discovered in the hot table- irnds of Old Mexico, is a guaranteed cure to all those wh 3 .uffer from the errors and indiscretions of youth, neivous weakness, physical exhaustion, and early decay. To Intro- duce it into England. the Mexican Prescription will he s nt free of charge. upon receipt «f a self addressed stamped .mvelope. Only address: JOSEPH HoLmEss' Remedy Co.. Moomsbury IVlansions,: Bloomsbury-square, London, „W.V., nontion this paper.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0014.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1111•111.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11111EMIEE'.11

===== 0002601_18930408_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'`!- 4r ~,____ •

===== 0002601_18930408_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, APRIL 8, 1893.

LADIES' LETTER MY DEAREST NELLIE, Again referring to the much debated question of the width of the skirts, one thing I can promies that the old-fashioned style of crinoline can never return ; but that our skirts will be outspreading at the foot there is no doubt, and if this is done in moderation, the effect is exceedingly pretty, though we are so firmly wedded to our long, close skirts that they will die hard with many of us. Quite the simplest way to manage the skirt of to- day is to run stiff muslin into he seams, and the seams only. This holds them out so slightly as to I be almost imperceptible, though the difference can be seen at once if the skirt so treated is placed beside one without this important alteration. It would appear that almost all the hats this year are composed of two different makes and colours of straw, such as brown-and-green chip and I ndtneg, cream-and-brown fine and rough straw, I while the popular trimmings are rosettes of I all sorts and kinds. These little ornaments can be made of piece silk, satin, or velvet, or of ribbon. A long strip of ribbon or material is folded in two, and then pleated into shape, and the rosette is accomplished. Iso often wonder why more girls do not make their own hats and their mothers' bonnets at home, it is such a saving of money, and if a girl is neat-handed, and observant as to how her friend's headgear is put together, she will soon learn to turn out realiy smart and artistic milli- nery. However, my advice is if you cannot make your own bats never go to a second•rate shop for them. Nothing spoils the effect of a nice dress so much as to crown it with a vulgar hat. No, have fewer hats, and buy them at a good shop.

A becoming and very dainty bonnet is of black " nutmeg grater " straw, having a tiny coronet of cowslip blossoms under the brim, and resting on the hair. The sole trimming is one of the new straw bows, shot in delicate shades of yellow, black, and green, with a small bunch of cowslips nestling beside it. The strings are of shot velvet combining the three shades. With regard to hats there appears to be far less novelty in their shape than in their trimming. They are either of enor- mous dimensions or else very tiny. In my opinion we are almost going back to the pork-pie hat of the sixties I Indeed, the long-banished toque is again well to the fore. A charmingly pretty toque in a combination of black and white is of plain felt, trimmed with two twisted bands of black velvet. A small black velvet rosette and three upstanding ostrich feathers, with a cut jet star, are placed rather far back at the side of the crown and snake a very modish head-gear. The very loose blouse is going out of favour, and this season will see the majority of them made over fitted and boned linings. I think this will be a great improvement, for even a well-cut blouse has a way of rucking up at the ides, which makes the trinimest of figures looks untAy. Any jackets that are worn will fit well and have full skirts of three.qu Liter leogth in order to harmonise with the bell skirts. They look well on tall, slight figures.

A very pretty costume is the one designed to take the place in our affections this year that the Eton held last. Its chief recommendation to many will be, I am sure, the ease with which our dis- carded Etons can be altered into its likeness. At the same time, it is eminently smart, comfortable, and up to date. To start with, cut the back of the Eton jacket to an inch below the waist-line, keep- ing its last year's point still intact. The fronts and pointed revers must be slightly shortened, and squared, and the turn-down collar removed, a high one being made to take its place. Great care must be taken in joining to the bodice to sew the new collar exactly over the lines of the old one. This little coat is almost similar in shape to an officer's mess jacket, and must be ornamented with Hussar braiding and frogs.

A very pretty ornamental watch pocket can be made with two pieces of cardboard, one-and-a- half inches in diameter to form the foundation. Over one side of each circle cover w:th cream satin or silk, and upon the reverue or loner side cover with satin padded with wadding; neatly over- hand the two covers on each circle. Upon the front of one circle paint an owl and the significant words, "I'll ,k-zp =n-atch," Now take a piece of Bilk of the same or contrasting colour, three inches long and three fourths of an inch wide, for a puff between the circles. Hem each end, gather, sew to the edge of each circle, leaving one and three- quartet inches for an opening at the top. Take another piece of same S,Z3 as the puff, on one edge run a ribbon (Tom Thumb width) and gather and sew on the back circle for a frill. Sew on suspension ribbons at the back at the ends of frill. The dimensions given are for a small watch, and If designed for a gentlemam's watch must be aa large again. Yours sincerely, JENNIE.

There is such a diversity of lights at Windsor Castle that those with the best eyesight are dazzled by them ; in fact, the chief passage or corridor is illuminated by four different kinds of lights, old and new, and Prince Albert's room is l!ghted up all night. The Queen's eye- sight is very good, she never wears glasses except when reading or writing.

Over 6,000 women in the United States act as post- masters. The largest number in one State, 463, is in Pennsylvania, and 460 in Virginia. There are 256 in 0hi0,243 in New York, 216 in Georgia, 210 in Texas,and 209 in Kentucky. Alaska has only one. Linen Polish. A good polish for linen cuffs is made as follows : Three ounces of white wax, three drachms of spermae cal, half a pound of borax, one and one-half °uric- of gum tragacanth. Melt together, and put a piece the

site of a walnut into a quart of starch made in the usual 111‘crier. ',l'One pint methyMlaatehcolgsaptirritVsaronf wine, 2 ounces gum Sandarac, 1 ounce dark shellac ounce gum venjamine, 1 ounce Venice turpentine shellac, : add sufficient dr; m's blood (gum sang dragoais) to give the required )gany stain. Let it stand in a warm place (shake till the gums are dissolved, then strain through muslin. Yorkshire Cakes. Cakes made thus are very nice :—Put two ounces of butter and a pint of milk into a clean saucepan, and stand the saucepan by the side of the fire until the but- ter is melted and the milk is luke-warm. Mix two pounds of flour, six teaspoonsful of baking powder, and half a teaspoonful of salt, well together, and then add the milk, beating the whole into a stiff dough, and divide it into cakes. Let the cakes remain for a short time before the fire on a greased tin, and then put them into a slow oven for half an hour.

GIFTS TO WARRINGTON MUSEUM. _- PROPOSED GALLERY OF "WARRINGTON WORTHIES." The Museum, Sze., Committee reported to the meeting of the Warrington Town Council on Tuesday that they I had received the following gifts durinr, the past month : —Northern stone crab (2 specimens') from Mr. John Porter ; black-headed gull, from Mr. L. Bolton ; moths, 64 specimens, from Mr. F. Womersley, per the Field ,Club ; insects, 149 specimens, from Mr. Greening ;golden plover, from Mr. J. Collins, Jun. ; squirrel, from Mr. G. G. White ; four engravings, framed, viz. :—Portraits of P. Greenall, M.P., C. Ilindley, M.P., John Bright, M.P., and Dr. Dalton, from Mr. R. Pierpoint, M.P. ; two drawings, " Wargrave " and " Bewsey," by the Donor, from Mr. P. Beesley ; " Letters of James Smetham " ; Catalogue of Bronzes in the South Kensington Museum ; Landscape in Art, by Gilbert, from Mr. William Davies; a deed of parchment, viz., Letter of Marque against the Duch to William McFarlane, of Liverpool, 1808, from Mrs. Beamont ; " Bewsey," a poem by Fitchett, 1796, from Miss Robinson ; " Essays on song-writing," by Aikin, Warrington, 1774, from Mr. F. Booth ; "Rules of Daresbury Farmers' Club," 1844, from Mr. C. T. Whitley. In moving the adoption of the Committee's minutes, Councillor H. Roberts said he had also pleasure in drawing the attention of the Council to the number of gifts which the minutes recorded. He did not care to select any particular donor for invidious mention but he wished to say that their present member Mr. Pierpoint, had been a generous donor from time to time, and the engravings now referred to they hoped to have added to, and ultimately to form a special gallery of portraits of old Warrington worthies. They were particularly in- debted to Mr. Pierpoint for his gifts one and all of which would be of value in that respect. (Hear, hear.)

ffiti,To ARKWOOD • k„, . 4—, softly. !! A TALE OF LONEMOOR. I have tw, , boys am! CHAPTER XXIII. • home sh , THE MYNERS. ter 1" Northumberland-terrace, Queensstreet, Notting- But hill, was scarcely so ambitious as its name would worth lead one to believe. It consisted of a row of dingy brick dwellings, set back at a distance of a few feet from the highway, a strip of green grass run- ning along its front. Northumberland-terrace was inhabited by struggl- ing professional men, a half-pay officer or two, and the like. No. 80, the destination of Gwen, was occupied by Mr. Myner, the curate, who had become the• husband of Miss Granger, Gwen's former gov- erness. Mr. Myner's health had grown infirm within the last year or two. He had waited many years to acqure an income sufficient to justify him in taking a wife, but scarcely had he married when that hardly won stipend had' failed him. Some one with more money and influence than he had desired to obtain the curacy in which he had become settled, and money and influence had effected his dismissal, and the instalment of their possessor in his s,ead. No other perferment offered itself to him. He had friends, however, and by their advice he had established a family school for boys under the age of twelve years, the number of pupils being limited to twenty. The income derived from this source was not - excessive, while expenses were many and heavy. Masters in various branches must be secured, ser- vants must be hired, fuel and lights must be paid for, rent was high, and boys, however small, must be fed. And so, at the year's end, when the Rev. Mr. Myner and his wife sat down to compare the outgo with the income, they found that they had not a hundred pounds beyond to secure them against that "rainy day," the dread of which haunts so many struggling lives. Gwen knew of the little school, but Mrs. Myner had never given expression in her letters to any anxieties, and the girl could not guess how many troubles her old governess was enduring. But Gwen was not coming to be a burd'en upon the energies of her friends, but rather to seek counsel and assistance in the task of earning her own living. The cab drew up at the kerbstone of No. 80, and the cabman descended, ran up the walk, and pulled the bell. By the time the door opened and a neat housemaid in a spotless white cap appeared upon the threshold, Gwen had placed her fare in the cab- man's hands, and had alighted. She hurried through the mist over the wet and slippery stones, shining now in the light that streamed from the hallway, and stood upon the wide stone step. "Does Mrs. 'dynes live here ?" she inquired. The housemaid answered in the affirmative. Gwen beckoned the cabman to bring in her trunts, the housemaid staring open-mouthed at the unex- pected intrusion. "Will you tell Mrs. Myner that an old friend wishes to see her?" said Gwen, with that sweet and gentle courtesy which distinguished her. "Yes, miss. Step into the reception room, and I will call her," replied the maid. She ushered the visitor into a room at her right, and hurried on her errand. The coachman deposited the trunk in the hall with a bang and departed, slamming the door behind him. The room into which Gwen had been shown was drawing and reception room in one. Its windows fronted the grass plot in front of the house. It was plainly furnished, but with due regard for comfort. Upon either side of the chimney were low, wide bookcases, well filled with books. A few engrav- ings of scriptural subjects adorned the white walls. A wide chintz-covered lounge, chintz-covered easy chairs, and long chintz curtains, all of a deep red colour, and all spotlessly neat, gave a cozy aspect to the apartment. The coziness was increased by the bright glow of the well-kept fire and its reflec- tion upon the well-swept fender. No doubts of her reception entered 'Gwen's mind. She knew that her governess had really and tenderly loved her, and she believed that this house would prove to her a very haven of refuge. Nor was she doomed to disappointment. The rustling of garments was heard in the hall way, and Mrs. Myner entered the room. She was a very tall, very thin lady, with a gentle face and gentle manners. She had a sad and sub- dued expression, as if her cares weighed heavily upon her. But she was cheerful also. Her courage never failed, even when her husband grew dis- couraged. Patient, brave, and hopeful, she was a "well-spring of pleasure" in the house, a true wife, and a mother to the boys under her charge. Gwen arose at her approach. The girl did not speak, waiting for recognition. Three years had wrought considerable change in our young heroine. Mrs. Myner surveyed the slight, elegant figure, the graceful head, with its massive ripples of bronze-coloured hair, the straight Greek features, the sad yet smiling mouth, in doubt and bewilderment. But when her gaze met the full glance of those purple-dark eyes, now with great lights glowing in their sombre depths, Mrs. Myner knew her visitor. " Gwen!' she ejaculated, in amazement and de- light. "Little Gwen!" She opened her arms and the girl flew into them, and was clasped in a fond and tender embrace. "How you have grown !" exclaimed the lady, pushing Gwen away to look at her, and then embracing her again. "Three years have made a great change in you. You have grown into a young lady, and a very lovely one, too, my dear. But where is your escort? who came with you?' "I came alone," answered Gweh, when she had been released, and the two sat down together upon the little chintz-covered lounge. "I have no home, Mrs. Myner, and no friend in all the world but you." Mrs. Myner looked anxious. "Why, what has happened, my dear 7" she asked. "Are the Quillets dead? Or has the squire returned from his travels?" "The Quillets are well," anwered Gwen, "and the squire is still abroad. But Lonemoor has ceased to be a home for me. I have been turned from its shelter." "My dear, I cannot understand." "I never knew until tecently that I was not a relative of Squire Markham," said Gwen. " I was brought up in his house as if I had been his daughter or niece. I had a governess, handsome rooms, and was served by the 'Quillets as if I were their mistress. I was sent to a Paris peitsionnat of the very highest class. How could I suspect that I was the creature of their bounty How could I suspect " "Then you know all?" exclaimed Mrs. Myner. "Do you know I" "Yes, my dear. I know all there is to know of your history." • • "You know that I am the child of a wandering, insane woman, syl?co perished on the moor in a storm, and lies buried in Penistone churchyard ?" "Yes, my dear. I have seen your mother's grave. You visited it with me in childhood, never dream- ing whose grave it was. Do you remember that lonely mound in the far corner of the churchyard, with the broken slab at its head--'' "With the name 'Magdalen' upon it ? " cried Gwen her recollection presenting the picture to her in all its details. "Was that my mother's grave?" Mrs. Myner replied by a gentle caress that meant assent. The hot blood rushed to Gwen's cheeks. "Who rut that name upon the stone?" she asked. "Who dared mark her grave with that name? " "The Quillets, my dear; the same people who cared for you, and gave you all the advantages you have enjoyed." Gwen was silenced. Mrs. Myner gently removed the girl's hat, and drew her nearer to her as she said— "My dear child, you must have known the truth sooner or later. I always dreaded the hour when you should learn it. There was some mystery about your mother which I have never been able to pene- trate. When I went to Lonemoor as your governess, in response to the advertisement of Mr. Quillet, I soon perceived that something was wrong. The smnaprekrihoarm, endolnesudpaypoasewdayrdoudraaprepleadtibvye oaf butler and the housekeeper treated you as their Squire servant made me aware that there was a mystery about you. I went to the Quillets at once and demanded an explanation. They told me what they seem now to have told you." "And you stayed on and cared for me and loved me," cried Gwen. " That revelation made no difference in your treatment of me ! I must have been blind and deaf. I never suspected anything wrong." s cy over dt in truth words •G" 171 re you discovered telling passionate epolied the history of her life since leaving school. She told V the persecution of the Orkneys, of the harshness of the Quillets—yet speaking of the latter with BA gratitude—and of that final scene which had result- ed in her expulsion from Lonemoor. Perhaps it was too soon for deeper confidences. At any rate she made no allusion to the lover she had won and lost, and whom she had so lately seen.

child I Poor thild l" said Mrs. Myner, You did right to come to me, little Gwen. two babies of my own upstairs bright little joys, aild you shall be a third child to me. My home shall be yours. 1 havp wished for a daugu- ter 1" But the good lady sighed as she uttered these %fords.: She loved Gwen, btight, impulsive, warm- hearted Gwen; but another mouth to feed and another form to clothe, 'would make their small tia savings still smaller. alit would be harder than ever to make both ends theet. She could scarcely afford herself the luxury and the delight of having this beautiful high-bred girl an inmate of her home. Gwen read her thoughts. ' "I will be a daughter to you, dear ,Mrs. Myner," she exclaimed, " but,you must let me work lust as you would let your own daughter, you know. If . you can make me of use in your school, let me stay with you. If you have • no'need of me, will you help me to a situation as governess? I want work. I will not sit down in idleness." "We will talk all this over more at our leisure, my dear. You must be tired after your journey. How inconsiderate I am to plunge into a conversa- tion while you are tired and hungry. Did you come from Yorkshire to-day, and alone ?" "I must learn to take care of myself," she said, brightly. "I began this morning. It is singular that the Quillets allowed you to come alone. Their action in doing so does not accord their previous care of you, my dear," inquired Mrs. Myner suddenly, "do you think it possible that the Quillets had any suspicion of your mother's actual identity ?" Gwen started.

"I think it impossible," she said. "They told me she uever uttered a coherent speech while at Lonemoor, and there was no mark upon her cloth- ing, and nothing whatever about her that could lead to any clue to her real name and position. Only her manners and appearance proclaimed her a lady." " I am greatly puzzled," remarked Mrs. Myner. "I could never understand why the Quillets did so much for you. They never loved you, dear; that you know. Why, then, did they educate you? Why, then, did they serve you so respectfully, as if they felt you their superior? Could it be that they invested their money as in a speculation, expecting to receive it again with interest Could it be that, believing your mother a lady, they fancied that some day some rich relation would step forward and claim you and reimburse them 1" "It is possible." - . .

"Yet I know theynever advertised for the friends of your unfortunate ntother. They never tried to discover your relatives. It is all a mystery to me, GWen, and the conduct of the Quillets is as mys- terious as the rest: and how they dat ad make so free with the squire's property amazes me. Ishould think they would have feared his return and his anger. The squire was childless, I believe." "11e had one daughter—Miss Constance Mark- ham," said poor Gwen innocently; "but she died in Berlin eighteen years ago—a year before I was born. She was very beautiful. It was her death that changed the squire and made him a wanderer." "If is all very strange, dear, but we won't puzzle our heals over it longer. You shall belong to us henceforth little Gwen. I haven't fine roo us and a maid to offer you, dear; bat we have warm hearts and a snug home, and you shall have a place in both. Now let me take you upstairs. You shall have a cup of tea, andithen make the acquaintance of Mr. Myner."

he conducted her guest up a narrow stair to a small bedroom upon the second floor. It was a pretty little chamber, with a low tent bedstead, with white draperies and with toilet appurtenances. "This is our ghest chamber, dear," explained the hostess, lighting a candle which stood in a tall candlestick on a shelf. "Now make yourself com- fortable while I go to tell my husband who is here. I will come for you." With a kiss Mrs. Myner withdrew. Gwen bathed her face and hands, brushed her rippling bronze hair, and replaced her oollar and cults with fresh ones, her hand-bag containing all toilet necessaries.

By the time she was dressed, two stout serving women appeared with her trunk. A little later one of them reappeared with a small tray, covered with a white napkin, upon which were spread a dish of toasted muffins, a mutton chop, and a tiny pot of tea. Gwen did justice to this refreshment, having eaten nothing all day. When she had finished, Mrs. Myner appeared, finding her strengthened by her repast, and looking more cheerfully than before. "We will go down now to Mr. Myner," said the curate's wife. "He is in the schoolroom busy with the copy books. The pupils are all in bed, and now comes our happy hour, although it is still a busy one."•

They descended to the lower floor again. Mrs. Myner conducted her guest to a hack room, divided from the receptitin room by an unusually thick partition. __This back room was tile scliool room. It was long, and was provided with desks and benches. At one end of the room, upon a raised plea:urn, was the desk of the head teacher. And here with a single tallow candle burning dimly at his elbow, sat M. Myner, engaged in writing copies. He arose at the entrance of his wife with her guest. He was tall, of spare ggure, round shouldered and stooping, with a careworn visage. He wore spec- tacles, and his aspect was scholarly. He walked with a es ham bl in g gait, and his garments were almost threadbare. The world had evidently frowned upon the Rev. Thomas Myner, but there was no shadow of repining upon his rugged features: Like his wife, he was patient and hopeful under all dis- couragements. "Thomas," said Mrs. Myner, "this is the little pupil of whom I have spoken to you so often—the little girl heft to marry y0u.7.-Miss.Gwen Winter."

" I -am glad to see you, Miss Winter," said Mr. Myner, cordially shaking hands with her. "Yo' are welcome here. I have heard so much of you that I feel already acquainted with you." He placed chairs for her and his wife, and then, running his fingers through his sparse locks, he resumed his own seat. -

"Miss Gwen is to be a daughter to us, Thomas," said Mrs. Myner. "She puts herself in our hands. I hope that we may be able to keep her With us. She is too young to go out into the world." "Strange," said the curate, regarding Gwen re- flectively. "Miss Winter reminds me strongly of some one I have seen or known. I could almost be- lieve that I have seen you before, Miss Winter. The likeness of yours to another face that I have seen grows upon me. Yet I cannot remember." He passed his hand over his forehead wearily. "I never saw a face like Gwen's," said Mrs. Myner, eagerly. "Oh, I wish you could remem- ber, Thomas."

wish I could ; but I can't," said Mr. Myner. "I fancy that if I could remember we might have some clue to all this mystery you've been telling me about, my dear. It may come to me—the name I mean. But it eludes me now. Let us talk of Miss Gwen and her future. What are we to with her ?"

-- • He striiled benignly upon his visitor as he asked the question, “ut none the less terrible did the words ring in the ears of the three—what were they to do with Gwen •

(To be continued).

e ).!ft• V- -a-

~..7.7 , ) ~,,,,,-.- t,,,,, , , ~,,, ; . 3, (ir . 1 \ 11. e:ll,i , ' /04,6': • ' 6070 y • I I/ , , , • / $ / 1 •k/ ~/... .

A -,-,,-, Jo d vv.\ ( 1, i #.--, • ,Z,N,, ;d . _.• 4,,,,,,,,) V lkijill. • 141 711 f`i, ji. r 1 , 4 , ,f,, , , 7 (.1 , „ .4/ .i 1 . ._.) --Air qlt\\\\\\\. ',•:‘, \‘ t's, ‘o,..\ii

===== 0002601_18930408_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MURDER OF SIR JOHN BOTELER,

AT BEWSEY HALL.

Writing in the "Newcastle Weekly Chronicle,”Mr. W. L. Fleetwood says :—During the 15th and part of the 16th century, a powerful Lancashire family was tat of Boteler, or Botcher, also sometimes spelt Butteler or Butler. A distinguished family, the De Botelers, seems to have been once settled at or near Upton-on-Severn, in Worcestershire. In the old Parish Church of Upton-on-Severn, before its so- called restoration sometime in the last century, was the tomb of a knightly Be Boteller, belonging to this once potent family. In days ion.. gone by, the Botelers were summoned to Parliament as Barons of Warrington. One of them, Sir John Boteler, married a daughter of Sir John Savile, whose name was Anna or Anne. This lady appears not to have been at all of a humble spirit, but to have had a high idea of her own and her husband's dignity. The King being about to pay Lord Derby a visit at Lathom House, Lord Derby sent a message round to all his friends and dependents, desiring them to appear in his livery at Lathorn to do honour to his Royal guest. It was not in those days considered a degradation fsr gentlemen of importance even to wear the livery of some great nobleman. At the period of which lam writing, the livery more nearly resembled what we should now call a uniform ; for instance, long after this, at the com- mencement of the war between Charles I. and Parlia- ment, the regiments on both sides frequently wore the livery of the noblemen and gentlemen who raised them. The" Green Coats "of Hampden were celebrated on the Parliamentary side, and the" White Coats" of New- castle on that of the King. It was Cromwell who, by clothing his musketeers in a sort of brick-red colour, first introduced, as it were, a general unifotm. Lady Boteler, however, was highly enraged when she received Lord Derby's message at Bewsey Hall, and at once returned a haughty answer, to the effect." That she con- sidered her husband, Sir John Boteler, as suitable a person to entertain the King as any earl." This answer greatly incensed Lord Derby, who appears from this time farward to have annoyed the Botelers by every means in his power ; while they, on their part, were not slow to return the compliment whenever they get the chance.

The ferry across the Mersey at Warrington belonged to Sir John Beteler, and one day when the Ea' of Derby was going to London, and wished to cross by this ferry, Sir John refused to allow him to do so ; this enraged Lord Derby very much, as he was thus compelled to go round by Manchester. To prevent the like occurring again, and also to punish Sir John by depriving him of his tolls, the Earl built a bridge across the Mersey, and declared it free to everybody. But Sir John had no in- tention of being, as he considered, " done " in that manner ; he declared that he had a legal right to tolls on all passengers crossing the river, and that he was determined, whether they crossed by the ferry or crossed by the biidge, they should pay his toll just the same. Then Lord Derby appealed to the Sing, who decided that the bridge should be free. If this decision was pleasing to the Stanleys, it was in an equal degree displeasing to Sir John and his high-spirited wife, the Lady Anna ; so that the system of each family giving the other as much annoyance as possible probably went on much the same as before.

Perhaps Lord Derby on some occasion, or occasions, may have got the worst of it ; at all events, he appears to have resolved to end matters by securing the death of his adversary. He selected for his agent Sir Piers Legh—an ancestor of the Leghs, of Lyme Hall (from which that beautiful breed of dogs, the " Lyme-nsas- tiffs," take their name), near Stockport—and William Savage, both gentlemen of good Cheshire families. Legh and Savage bribed Sir John Boteler's porter and one of his other servants—they appear to have done this with- out much difficulty. These two traitors placed a light in one of the windows of Bewsey Hall as a signal to inform Sir Piers Legh and his partner in guilt when the murder might be most easily accomplished. Then when they saw the signal-taper, Legh and Savage crossed over the moat that surrounded the hall in a coracle (a hot' made of wicker covered with skins), and were, on land- ing, conducted by the two treacherous servants to their master's apartment. Here a fierce struggle took place before they could accomplish their fell purpose, for a faithful chamberlain, who slept in the ante-room to Sir John's bedroom, made a desperate resistance. However Le and Sir John were both murdered. The assassins would, probably, have killed the infant heir, too, but a faithful Negress carried the child away hidden in her apron. Legh and Savage now decamped, taking with them one of the faithless servants, whom they hanged on a tree to prevent his ming able to turn informer against them. History does not record what became of his fellow traitor, the other treacherous servant.

Sir Piers Legh and Savage never appear to have received in this life the due punishment of their guilt, for, though Lads' Boteler prosecuted them, her second husband Lord Grey, disallowed her suit ; at which she was so highly indignant that she left him and returned to Lancashire. saying, •• If my new husband, Lord Grey will not let me have my will of my dead lord's enemies, yet shall my body be buried by his kSir John Boteler's. The Legh family are still patrons of Disley Church, near Stockport. Legend accounts for their being patrons of this church because, Sir Piers Legh, being in holy orders, it was not easy for a secular court to punish him as he deserved ,or his share in the murder of Sir John Botaler ;so, according to the legend, he was condemned to build Risley Church as a penance. The murder, I believe, took place in the reign of Henry VII. ; But Sir Piers Legh did not complete the building of Disley Church till 1527, which would be in the reign of Henry

In Warrington Church, in the Bewsey chapel, is a splendid tomb to one of the Boteler family ; there is no inscription on it, but it is believed to be the tomb of Sir Thomas Boteler—Sir John's heir that was saved by the faithful black woman. On it are two reclining effi.ies, supposed to be those of Sir Thomas and his wife,holding each other's hands ; he in armour, she wearing a curious mitre-shaped cap. Noar it, under an arch in the wall, used to be a statue of the faithful Negress who ran away with Sir Thomas in her apron, and so saved his life. Bevrsey Hall, where the murder took place, is, I believe, still in existence, about a mile out of Warrington, so that their old house has survived the now extinct Bote- ler family. The family name of the Dukes of Ormond used to be Butler ; but whether that great Irish house was in any way connected with the Lancashire or Worcestershire Botelers, Botellers, Buttellers, or Butlers, I cannot say.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
Og /, /1 2ieakig2owdcr4 •

GIVE EAIE & COMFORT DURING TEETHING. Pleasant, Cooling Aperient for Children of all Axes. Try them and prove their value for yourselves. Sold everywkere in packets, Is. 11d. and 2s. 9d.. or post 14 or 34 stamps. J. PRITCHARD, CHEMIST, CHEADLE, MANCHESTER (late Chorlton Road).

===== 0002601_18930408_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASAIRE FARMERS AND "COW BEEF." FOR PAUPERS.

A meeting of the Federation of Lancashire Farmers' Associations was held at the Blackburn Technical School on Saturday afternoon, at which the president (Mr. Jas. 'ay, of Blackburn) proposed the following resolu- tion That, as the guardians of the Preston Union have agreed to accept tenders for good cow beef in lieu of heifer beef, thereby saving the union something like £5OO a year, this federation respectfully tenders its acknowledgement to them for such a sensible arrange- ment, and trusts every union in the country will follow.l its example." H. observed that, although he sympa- thised with the poor, he thought that goad cow beef was good enough for the persons who went into the worktfouse. People who stayed outside were glad to get it. It would also be a great saving to the union, as cow beef was 2d. cheaper than heifer beef.—Mr. Slater (Blackburn) seconded the motion, and said that many farmers were glad to eat cow beef, and he did not see why they should supply heifer beef to paupers.—Mr. Whitworth (Bury) thought it was quite unreasonable to provide heifer beef for paupers.—The motion was car- ried.

• ARE YOU ILL? Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbsgo. Piles, Pains in the Back. Dropsy. Wind and Water Complaints. Diseases of Kidneys, Bladder, Urinary Organs, Stone, Gleet, Stric- ture, sciatica, Rheumatism, and Gout, will find a positive cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box, and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Prise Is Of all chernists, or post free for 12 stamps from B OLD- BOYD'S Medical Ball, Cieckheaton, Yorks. Don't be put off. If you cannot get them write to the Proprietor, and a box will be seat Beat post,—Advt.

LIN UM CATHART I CUM PILLS, agreeably aperient, 90.,1,30. 28. 9d. Of all Chemists.—Advt.. ,• ,

===== 0002601_18930408_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
.:agon mahoaan' at I often) ""-

MR. ABINGTON BAIRD'S WILL.

J

===== 0002601_18930408_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
-4- THE LIBERATOR BUILDING Su-- „,,,,

NINE TIMES ON THE NINE. "I'm as good as dead. I've won nine times °, nine, and lost nine times on the seven. Give thio to the banker ; he knows the address or my relatire4

It was in a gambling house in Montana. The ler who uttered these words threw down his car from the table, and left the place. At early (10°' next morning the police found his body in some beg about a mile distant. His own pistol was fi cartridges ; it had not been used, yet there was hole in his left breast. Was there any mysterious phecy in the cards, or was the gambler's fear the growth of superstition, and his 'death a coincides' Everyone must decide for himself.

But people are often considered as good as dead fc/r much more intelligible reason. Mr. William Goble 104, Albion-st., Southwick, near Brighton, was ' ,

placed on that list by his friends, in his case the was not from povedar or sharp eteel,but from some that hurries more folks out of the world than tile). His story is this: Looking at his tongue, one day ill spring of 1887, he found it coated like a piece of leather. Of itself this might not have worried hit°' other signs and portents went with it. His al" failed, and what little he did eat seemed to naive pain in his chest and sides. Now good food never that way when a man is in proper condition. Quil contrary. What was the matter ?

"A doctor in Southwick said I was suffering • dyspepsia, but after he tad treated me for nine rrOgi' I was worse than ever. At this time, our cler Rev. Mr. Heywood, recommended me to they, Hospital, where I was under treatment for one Several of the doctors sounded my lungs and, puzzled by my complaint, and changed reY rnedi,l so often that I wondered if they would ever fin.7lo right remedy. At the end of the year I stopped gel .t the hospital, and began to take cod liver oil, ini,t I no good, and I made Up my mind that I Wei doomed to death and nothing could prevent IS.

' Still lam alive and well to-day, and I'll tell you in few words. In April 1889, I met with a friend of f' Mr. Groves, of Southwick, who told me of his Oig° ness and of the great benefit he had received frrolj' Seigel's Curative Syrup. I got a bottle, and by t I had finished it my food agreed with me and little stronger. Four more betties completed thejd and I have since enjoyed as good health as I ever my life. lam a gardener, and have been in the et of General Turnbull, The Hermitage, Southivich, fv. years. I will gladly answer inquiries."—'(gi WILLIAM GOBLE. , The Southwick. doctor's diagnosis was right Goble's disease was indigestion and dyspe' psta, the symptons of which he names in his statement" plain testimony will serve to strengthen, if .11, the popular confidence in Mother Seigel's SyroP 69:00tir for this prevailing and perplexing malady. Tbe '- wick gardener lost two years' time by not knowing; fyl, to do. But he is vastly better than a dead man will, we trust, live long to give others the benea - knowledge.

MR: BALFOUR IN BELFAST.

od . go The Press Association understands that there ig ;got' prospect of some restitution being obtained fio t tv' rator of the convict Wright,dn connection with the er 1)0° Building Society frauds. His friend estimate tlia-0.04 worth about £lOO,OOO, but the amount to he r'e''°vllAge depends largely upon certain settlements Said t 0 f been made by the convict. At the weekly meetirag of the LildNwtor Re'eth Committee on Wednesday, it was reported art-- e t scriptions now amounted to £17,000. A letter, dated from Villa Nevada Cannes,satatitley,s --ttl'ieli the Duchess of Albany has the greatest syrnp those who have lost the money they invested 1,1, to Liberator Society. At the same time she is ona,"e per divert the money she is able to devote to charitabi poses by making any donation to the relief fund.

. - - ...--......------. —1 seileC'n' KAy'S COMPOUND Lisence of Linseed, Squill, Tolu, eLc., 90. 1314.,&n. Of all Cheraists. A'

itte t last , r by i the a the E

t ti,-es;r) , it

!‘tZto

--- Although the text of the late Mr. Abington Baird:s, will has not yet been disclosed, the " Central News lee, Glasgow correspondent telegraphs that his entire pro- perty is left to his mother during her life, and at her ti death, it will be distributed amongst his censia?e Nothing whatever is left to the persons with avhoral tiss associated in London. An i Considerable space is devoted in the " Nevi, Ire°ck leitein Recorder" to an account of the doings of the late MI; Ithg al Baird. As soon as he got control of his inheritanee could( determined, it is said, to enjoy/ himself as he thouA. eud Irronri, best, and he followed that line out to the end. Ha ba f It bieh Alio three loves—women,- horses, and prize-fighters. them cost him fertunee. ' Having no brothers or sisterse younm, and no encumbrances, but a mother and some disre.' e until cousins', with all qf whom he was on bad terms. n'f found simply ran the gamut of pleasure. Women got ninth °I, Safe c, the squire's money. He led the fastest set in Lando; Years), and tales of his expenditure will be told for many Yea:ee think , to come. On one occasion he gave a music-hall deur, Irae Sr; a blank cheque on Coutts, the bankers, ex_ monial of his regard. She filled it out for £100O"' well frieta the cheque was honoured. The woman thought sc'elle of lie enei of the Squire that she ran away with him. Be tired of Theo. her, and she returned to her husband. Later he tookticr 1011,, as a slight tesod with a music-halt singer. Next he was named as co, eition • respondent by the husband of a London stage heaegt,"; tl, He was always fond of popular actresse.s, thoog. ia i -as err made it a rule never to be seen in public with thet'l • he le London. With a favourite actress he was lavish In " A le expenditure—houses, horses, carriages, and ieler else le They went to Paris to get some gowns for one a 00 to tins new plays. Abington was a quick tempered man' tip thought he caught his companion flirting, and protliP.ll2 , hit her a powerful blow between the eyea. She left in and,returned to London, and for several days a° VA plexion specialist was employed .to paint out the hie _ bruises. Abington was penitene, and there was a rent The ciliation. Popular gossip said that it was on theta; the Ti of a large cash settlement and a diamond ornament. „ry (Ale cash payment was about 200,000 dollars. The tbe t given out by the actress's triends at the time was reeet , Abington had reimbursed her for abandoning at Pr°46.. little sional tour in America. As a matter of fact no arrange nreen, ; ment for the American trip had been settled. Alatue eut:Asa !!tliri never paid out much money in person. He never cail-et, tleate J more than the equivalent of a Jew pounds in his Po na All his cheque payments were made through LUtnia a- t 'IC Lumley, a firm of London solicitors. re 444 elle] th tb, , (le9 tdica elec note 41Pre w ' i 4141 seem gainli. Coe ( , rose if he en cares, in rl° bei t, et thatgrel; shrub; enlye e hill bull De-I)tiri h th, pro' 1 !ilil)t tbi, oat' 117444 le? arrin c0,,,C°411 'a qis•filleii of Nfcs", , ,kitta, el receo t'l°l4sicln. , doges el ,etbiol e 44,1 e, t, ,v do' ei,cilef t tire tele ec we he ,8 al bro tot eillecite fro! G p Petite tic,l ti greet 11111? ' ' IN, 1 erg ere4e(l e• 0 ked st ite rli 4eie'cal e p. Co ' tile he Mr' 41 tow Writing about it under date of Nov. 261 h, 1.891,,Ter ail 0. Goble said: "I couldn't imagine what had come ' to. e ti ,fore'ne. Nothing like it had ever happened to me .--, pci kee, I had always been strong and healthy. But now •`;.el a foul taste in the mouth, and wind appeared to over inside my body. I had a choking sensation irl gto re•Cthie ~14114., throat, and sometiines my heart would beat so fast n° preee_ ••.. so hard that it frightened me. After a while ler 0 r te° tle„ati rue-eq it weak I had to give up my work. I was ain't's', rt co,„whi weak to walk, and when out walking I would get s'Pd eeenait -qpi) of breath. Gradually I became weaker and wealtee4r- t in lost all my flesh. ‘I could just crawl about, and ths „ee Of for was all. My cheeks were sunken, and I had such 3P- A Of f ghastly look that my friends said I was in a decline 511 e •I would never be better. Nil) lag Iv, [lO 14E3,7042: kitlin'' T"011"' tllti -g: rO'rrlat° tpt3l:natp I, p,tat.o , 001051 t seal _, Neste] eciric' 1015 tir4ee s to Oltj 4 , 0 t76,ote ..., and Itp-',, a indeed ph. 4itp• Otit qt t, Of iriee, 1 ill; , reotte" the t'llia i felt° 0 etPl°l e teo igoe le , 016 tece-)f re ~ co ottr oil 4 t, all' ' Do aortereds Mr. Balfour held his " review " of his Irish slit - olg in Belfast on Tuesday. The proceedings 'were .ntiii 0601 by much enthusiasm, and the Dublin Utaiveol reirOL created some effect—of which Mr. Balfour nPP of t" have signified approval—by setting fire to a eoPit e01,.1', HOMO Rule Bill as they passed before the rigYate gentleman. The destination of the proresSil,;4 WI the Botanical Gardens, where the chief spen"iieg n'i; done by Colonel Saunderson, M.P. In the everiajt. 115, Balfour addressed a great meeting in the Ulster, `vgo °lc' said the scene he had witnessei that day had 610 .juili(4o for Ulster, Home Rule was practically an imit°s'.eer r'e Home Rule meant that their necks were to Lae nr; iv rivio heels of men whose loyalty was to be measlire%s to „a loyalty of the Land League, whose honestY measured by the honesty of the Plan of CaMPllebo o'4 whose love to civil and religious liberty might to Ott mated by the transactions which recently entire At rilr',6 in connection with the Meath election. II tu,.'ee WI, minority which supported Mr. Gladstone in ""ne ('-'•:43 of Commons could have been placed wherld lie ri.,Tei Balfour) was that afternoon Home Rule Wow' eru to from that moment. Mr.Glaiistone desired thatlel,p!s,o bayonets should be used it should be to comlnelke 010 separate themselves from England who vribbe ,405iiii perpetual partnership with us. Surely a crazierePri.t, o'r never emanated from aneeresponsible-Governmcrrioes ot (Mr. Balfour) flid not come there to preach de' . ia 00 passive obedience or non-resistance, aad IT b„y, tilcit. think that any rational or sober man o'0111('); et° A what was justifiable against a tyrannical king 11_,,oest under certaln circumstances, be justifiable tyrannical majority. majority. .

%Pt'l4 444111 4 klitt pt tOk:CI to 1 the tltes t)3' Wttklak L the k Iq, IttbbLlßh ni trhttlf 41;) S I°,OA ot4-1 t kti '4 a.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I • -

===== 0002601_18930408_art0024.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
FRAUDS.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
Y°l.l ate gg' he j,oughD• Fie had ALL of si3terg,

===== 0002601_18930408_art0026.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
g be an • mtloh

===== 0002601_18930408_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
ly V4ll 1 clan°ero It res.;-a )00, 3° Ø we Cued °I cook °P C 5; beau,'v' )u.lll sh 1/15 jo/e1,4. le a bet fie ao• rotoPtli left aeon; qe blac' a re 031.; the basl The prit• :he atorl. was ttlf a pro,—

Londoo, , - .• : of 21) I ' oe 1 rr9ll. " difigt.o_Ao carrle' • ,ket, nleY -

===== 0002601_18930408_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
RER CONSCIENCE GAVE HER NO

PEACE. wln 12 idthn incorruptible judge—the conscience—which reigns long as 8, never gives tiq a false or deceitful sentence as nacienoi, the heart is sUsceptible to a noble sentiment ; the `n , *ran only puts us on our guard against tli2 whiehl,,isbut makes us recognize and acknowledge that goon, you'iny cnnscience gives me no rest," writes Mrs. 11. noll,32,"alace Square, Upper Norwood, London, fo„, for the benefit of humanity. I express my pro- sasiV,gratitude for the incomparable remedy, Warner's years`')ure• The doctor attending my daughter (aged 23 thioileagnosed kidney disease', and told her he did not was so centcoulid live until Christmas last, her condition fly extreme anxi-tv I accepted the advice of a all eh and gave her WarniT's Safe Cure, (obtainable of 11,,,stmists and dealers at 23. 91. and 4s. 61. per bottle). CZ. Ifects which followed have certainly been marvel. lies present condition, as compared with her con- evetund fore using Warner's Stfe Cure, is more than. I has °e'd hone for. It must be the Safe Cure which been !n,ught this wonderful improvement, as she has ~ 44814 no other medicine. thali I.2llo_ther's gratitude actuates this letter, and I to Pleased to answer any inquiries with reference ,a valuable medicine."

===== 0002601_18930408_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
'4IIRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL.

e

rds, r°9ll

lawn "e shrlintrf ie full Lt s a VP' GO Pre: the titi cide°'

for a Goble, receg;etil le daov ,metbi° theY tbB 3;fibros4l: him, 19 ,titB aPv- .t tve go; ,ver 6C, 21lite

()llle 0"; bef°l.-6.1 1 to roll on fast e I g too roost ,et 51)01'

find goiug but

motheo the to , I felt wt.; cop: t clic! 10 7r of °h. for te°

le Ct ) ,00 '1)0 vrot 3PCI 1,,r,i)0 or li9

ocio

006 • a g t tho t ltea -4eaolooo to • f sa at gateg wtllll path, ci in to eurv3ble itable P

SeeVs' :_;oltsi•

The the T Monthly meeting of this Council was held at lciep°Wh Hall on Tuesday evening. The Mayor Pres -01, a„h Greenall) preeided, and there were also Qat Aiderinen Mind ley, Sutton, If olmes, Black - Ciee; Btr; ",rißht ; Councillors Wilkinson, Hill, Shaw 1141, ttoberts, Dixon, Garner, R. T. Fairclough, otnethurst, J. Fairelough, llepherd, Tinsley, tee„eh, Shaw, Browne, Greening, Bolton, Flood, J, Hutchinson, Plumpton, Beaman ; Messrs. trear'h Whittle (town clerk), Fairhurst (borough hrer), and Longdin (borough surveyor). lite Et Ite4,Llll CONY I TTEE. —THE SMALL-PDX. tio,h Committee's minutes contained a resolu- kedi'eat . the arrangement with Dr. J. G. Gornali ,as titeedal,shnerintendent of the Hope Hospital, be con- -4tritir4zl a further term of three months, from the 4th alser„ • leeo4l4:4'ml SUTTON moved, and Councillor Mum Coe `l the adoption of the minutes. ifhe coiner DIXON asked the chairman of the committee I,l,eitice°„uld obtain some better disinfectant than was td at the present time ? Many people thought treye""hch of the sinttl-pox epidemic would have been Coeutel if a better disinfectant had been used. P°l(tknelikt GREENING asked how many cases of small- !let th!'l,o Were from the outside district, because he did tlig Oa it was quite fair that they should go on keep- trartis°t:hed of disease in their midst for the sake of the Counal,mt Rural Sanitary Authority. ,eetricli}chlor ROBERTS explained that there were three lisict.:'ees concerned with regard to the purchase of workseetants—the Health Committee, the Sanitary teittie Conitnittee, and the Paving and Sewerage Corn' %5d was intended to hold a meeting of the chair- °43l'dsenr- s"i_ePhf-V-chairman of the three committees and 'Lle whole question. 4,1110er thn'arl Sutton said he believed they were acting t:titf er advice of the medical officer with regard to the at h°' supposed they used the best disinfec- "e coti7 the price they could get, but the question would *le llet 4lderect by the committee. In answer to Colin- it°l.4l threeening, he said the number of small-pox cases i„side district was about 14. They were not anY cases at the present time, but the matter discretion o officer what- to the f the medical ocer to take steps , cal he of thought were advisable,. The County HealthetPati strongly advised them to ro- ts from the outside district. !Ze tew"chlllor HILL asked what the number of cases from -441,0 f -thweaat but he Was ruled out of order, the chair- -15 us el. ninuttee haying replied. r,• mcoutes of the committee were then agreed sorra WORKS COMMITTEE.—AN IMPROVED STATE OF THINGS. tail:tat filer Ft a f o C'EaIIAN • moving the adoption of the Ottseeeti tue Sanitary works Committee, said that in Dosed ithg the estimates for the ensuing year he Befit.- , CollB w 0 Was exPected that he should say something of , 1).-mititter` each department under the control of . `ll fissate, a Lon,sford Depot, the Intercepting tbet ja7,:hißnhdtse-"illigditso'il department. Their estimate i Pale' f Ye •ar -7,;-:eltiartinent was slightly in excess of that dth g',;',a_t was only natural, and was accounted ae aria 44 tth„-- k. oepavretrr47,9le reason that year by year the work unroef,h "',..lllcreased in proportion to the growth fro° iss.;,."g Alms? ,-, tie found that the estimate for the year b 9 „ t t',,a Mar h -ec-'l,_Gst.h, 1892 was £3,590; for the year ends -evioti„e 1893 it Was £3,891, an excess on the e %awl, • Years er,511, tltirnaf Year Waesstiniate of £3OO. Their estimate for the . ,htoe £4,070, or an increase on last year's Br%,ear' t,Q ft,?f °My £179, which would be deemed satisfac- J ktie" 4" the Members of the Council. In the inter- ths gde .4. 'est' P(4B department they would. find that while ,Ici"' Ses, 'Mate for the cozresnonding periods, viz., for the die tinding March 25th, 1892, was £790 14s. 5d., and 13'ear ending March 25th, 1893, was £Bl5 14s. 5d., %t ltesS of -025 on that of the previous year, their ..a)(1 Vleske for the year ending March 25th, 1894, was indeed 4t decrease on last year's of £5O 14s. sd. During ,ltisa‘ Year they had had no complaints about any Coe arising from either of the intercepting depots. qhtl ts a at .85Y that there had never been any cause for • iniae' s'eltiint in the past now that the inhabitants in the "5e had become past, fastidious, but there was now j.qt :Vie g a hi cif g4 eOmplaint, and for some time the condition 4 h,lia at both depots had so greatly improved that a to tee , Lt could scarcely arise. When they had com- clettrti heir arrangements, the possibility of offensive ts 71th arising frthese places would be reduced to the est . oin onnimum. (Hear, liar.) There was trans. ' • to 41 the depots to the one at Longford from 150 t 5414.15() tons tit per week, and not one ton remained five tt,feetahtter the ejector was full. The complaint in igoj) eku'he • d been caused by the storing of the i excreta toirlt_reepting depots, instead of transmitting t at lti'sl it "15 receiving tanks at Longford. The reason. tar, 11,:age,`•fia thus stored was because (through mis- ' ot ' thsihes-,,e ItZthert",,acitY of dealing with the quantities of excreta 4t) the receiving tanks were always full. t,tlz. to-2.r.0f.e from the fact that the machinery was In 011ek uclitlofl. and the steam at such 'i a low pressure tee. ore"htthAe,diagiaceful state of the boilers that t was e evaporate and manipulate the whole of the Now they came to that much abused ii,!lllt,44riderstood and too much undervalued depart- tlekt:Rintd depot. In submitting the estimate for 411! hietshe did so without any fencing or apologies. r4B"'ar iti a most successful year, the only success- its history. (Hear, hear.) The depot of ,to- different thing to the depot of the past, 40r. 610 skill and energy of their estimable mana - , issll-I.4tee east who, by his indomitable pluck and per- Ytitin-: and by his assiduous atteneion to the duties Ilditetic:'ing ispteeLWith a practical knowledge of the system, to his position, combining a complete latik%iti'4ed in rescuing the depot from the disrepute 'tl.‘tettirnh hader which it had fallen. (Hear, t hear.) Thuad practically ceased to be a burden on the but for the successful year's working the eY Were beginning to feel relief from Ittilte,',l • 5 j'o,„eate7„(l have been 3d. in the higher than they un- Z1tt..."111 ..,„'vere If the works had been allowed to go I,,l,lPshot. manner in which they had been con- hole past' had they been allowed to drift on in os„ At:cietla and helpless condition, instead of the sum s' li.. ,„eesdited to them as the revenue of the ensuing livse,o''lit.would have had to deplore the fact that all 41-" the could have got credit for would have tObe Paly m tr 7 of '£l 600 as was the case before Ntl-ostCtlktrle- upon the scene: The actual working ex- "ld's tt‘eli,,ge depot were considerably lower than they the production was from 50 to 70 percent. tlPek 'i" Was now. The coal account was less by more ' 11.,et,toalf it was two years ago, and what held good Pt.l (144 to fuel held good in respect to several other r Beaman then referred to the amount Ze/sNitr-,°ll re airs and said he could satisfy their ;')Qt that respect when he stated that the p 'tt• rnachinery was disgraceful and deplorable in in fact the whole works were worn down gni h bordering on a state of total that state of things they was gradually atid bringing back the machinery to rrne-.1 horrnal condition, capable of accomplishing klas-,,ersL":_:cas originally designed- to do. That, as .47;dit !e,h1.17. re, could not be done without considerable tittittilo4e, he could assure the committee that that had ',e• et nd was being done by the committee with ~I bllNcya •ew to economy as was compatible with t • ‘..ear, hear.) to'l °I. fir H. Roszars seconded the adoption of the s„ttst4llll, .„, zaunt contended that there X never had been glsrs„.i-e6 in connection with the Council who had Net More' money than the Sanitary Committee ei:e Ile wished to _ at know if the estimates for this gitehY excess of year, because the realharn h4lete.s:"'ittee was now divided amongst three 5 SOrroN was glad the Longford depot the had oleee.aful during the past year, and that I.,ke:Blres"hlttee were entitled to so much credit. The , s ho doubt due to the fact that Councillor 111 e, t„let'ehe of e Athe members. (Laughter.) t 'd I e had not done anything o '4ltil.„.lleci,i_tti.axn°dN 81 1a £ 1,200 had been spent that year to !), tE:d. What was now being done should ei'e111,,,,"r1,,e in 1881 and 1882. "er,heta: °Eattaer' inlnswer to Councillor Muir, said 'the'‘,.hdriit,,hre of the three departments was £l5 'title,' Was last year. 4tAlti I,"ea were then agreed to. „thlZelhatt'7,!No AND SEWN:RAGE COMMITTEE. tt,,11.,„414,,,..! RIGHT moved the adoption of the minutes "attee. In doing so he mentioned thatgreat ad b ds th leg e i en made during the year n the making ts'ettis'e itic4 streets (Hear, hear.) They would see c-o4„l'ltes that. the Committee had very sensibly `vVet'Lteacts for the supply of material which '"e Whole twelve months instead of taking

===== 0002601_18930408_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
small quantities (" a very good thing.") Ho thought that the new departure would meet with the approval of the Council. (Hear hear.) Counuinor HEATON seconded the adoption of the minutes. (Hear, hear.) Councillor SHAW drew attention to the danger to chil- dren caused by the unfurnished state of some repairs to Portland-street, and Alderman Wright replied that the matter would be attended to. The minutes which were adopted contained resolutions apportioning the cost of forming and paving the follow- ing. streets : Enfield-street, £235 is. 6d. ; Cartwright-St., £523 12s. 2d. ; the road lead" eg from Winwick-road to the Longford Gas Works, £675 6s. Bd. ; Friars-lane, £ll 6s. 10d. : and passage from Friars' Green to Bridge-street, £9B 15s. 10d. Also a resolution approving of tender for the supply of goods from Messrs. J. S. Garland, W. P. and W. Skelton aria Co., John Chorley, Thomas Locker, Henry Atkinson and Mrs. Eliza Chester. SCHOOL ATTENDANCE COMMITTEE. This Committee's minutes contained the following : "Report of the Inspector, from which it appeared that 12 cases had been taken before the magistrates, and fines inflicted in 11 cases, one boy sent to ship Clio. 35 cases were brought before the committee and dealt with. The average attendance at the Public Elementary Schools, I during the month of February, was 8,186; corresponding period last year 7,929; increase 257. The following is the result of the special examination for Labour Certifi- cates held by H.M. Inspectors on the 4th inst. :—ln Standard 111., 5 passed, 5 failed, total 10; in Standard IV., 39 passed, 23 failed, total 62 ;in Standard V., 44 passed, 22 tailed, total 66" Councillor SHAW GREEN, in moving the adoption of those minutes, mentioned that the number of children under the cognisance of that committee was continually , increasing. Councillor SMETHURST seconded the adoption of the minutes, which were carried. MUSEUM, LIBRARY, &C., COMMITTEE. Councillor H. Rommrs,in moving the adoption of these minutes, said that the meeting would see from a resolu- tion that the committee were about to return the loan of £2OO which had been granted them for the transfer of the School of Art to the Corporation. They did this with a considerable amount of pleasure, having regard to the generous manner in which the Council assisted them at the time they required the loan. (Hear, hear.) Councillor GREENING seconded the adoption of the minutes,which were agreed to.

CEMETERY COMMITTEE. The minutes of this Committee comprised the report of the Registrar, from which it appeared that the inter- ments for the past four weeks were—adults, 53 ; minors, 48 ; stillborn and premature, 14. Corresponding period last year—adults, 57; minors, 79; stillborn and prema- ture, 11. The receipts for the past four weeks were £92 133. 6d.; corresponding period last year, £lO7 1.93. 10d. Councillor fluvemNsoN moved the adoption of the minutes and Councillor Mum in seconding the adoption explained in regard to a complaint made at the previous meeting respecting the dirty state of the church at the cemetery en the occasion of the funeral of the late Borough Trea- surer, he had inquired into it and found that owing to the caretaker having been called suddenly away one corner of the church was left undusted. (Laughter.)

===== 0002601_18930408_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN HALL, PARK, AND BATHS COMMITTEE.

Alderman CIIANDLEY, in moving the adoption of this Committee's minutes %%MON were published in the " Examiner" last week, said that there had been a trial of the water supply for the new baths. They had had a large bath—not the largest one—filled. They had the choice of Appleton or Winwick water, and had chosen the Appleton supply.. He was sure the water was free from all impunity, although in consequence of the shadows and the coloured roof it had a peculiar yellow- ish-green hue. He wished to point out to bathers that this had nothing whatever to do with the nature of the water, which when put into small vessels was of a bright clear character. In the bath which he saw filled they tried the clearness of the water by placing a penny in the six feet end, and it was possible to decipher the head and tail of the coin which was a satisfactory proof of the clearness of the water. (Hear, hear.) They would ob- tain the water from Appleton at a much cheaper rate, and they would, therefore, be able to renew the supply in the baths much oftener than formerly—(hear, hear)—than they could with the Winwick water. He then read the analysis of the water which had been recently made and which snowed that the Appleton water is slightly peaty and contains vegetable matter; it contains a considerable quantity of organic matter of vegetable origin, but it contained nothing of the nature of sewage and is suitable for domestic use. The fact of it having been pronounced fit for domestic use should be a guarantee of its purity. (Hear, hear.) In addition to this the water was of a much warmer temperature than the Winwick water, which was obtained from a much lower strata. Councillor FLoon said he had been informed that the Committee were about to discharge the present manager of the baths. When they came to consider that Brad- shaw had been with them for 16 years, he thought they would be justified in asking the Committee for some specific reason for their action. He did not object to the Committee's right to make a change but he asked them to consider the manager's past services. Alderman CHANDLEY : I know nothing whatever of the matter, as the Chairman of the Committee. I think it was rather discourtious on the port of the Committee to take such an action without acquainting their Chair- man with it. (Hear, hear.) Councillor ROEKRTS also asked for information, and Councillor BOLTON said that if the Chairman had taken the touble to have attended the meeting he would be aware of the reasons. The Committee considered that it required a man and his wife and a boy to look after the baths. At present they had only a.rnan. Councillor ROBERTS said that, while giving the Cam- mittee credit for the reasons that had actuated them, it seemed hard that a man who had been 16 years in the Corporation should be so summarily dismissed. (Hear. hear.) Bradshaw was now at a time of life when he was beyond taking up active work, and the consequence was if he had no means he would have to come upon the rates of the town for support. He only mentioned this because he believed that it was generally the cus- tom of the Corporation to pension its old servants. They were able to keep a consulting ex-gas manager at a nominal figue, and also a consulting head gardener at a nominal figure, and why should they not go in for a consulting bath's manager. (Laughter and hear, hear.) He merely mentioned this as one way out of the difficulty. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Councillor R. FlEaTon said that Bradshaw had ceased years ago to be what the Corporation stipulated for when they engaged him. The agreement was that the manager should have the assistance of a wife; their manager had been a widower for some years. Councillor SMETHURST : Can the Committee give us any idea when the new baths wiil be opened. Alderman CHANDLEY : I think it will be five or six months. (Several voices "You mean weeks.") No I mean months. Alderman Surron : It will be opened in winter then. (Laughter.) The Town CLERK (to Alderman Chandley) : I think it will be about six weeks. Alderman CHANDLEY : I hope so ; but I am inclined to doubt it. With regard to the dismissal of the baths' manager I think something ought to be done in the way of providing him furtheremployment under the Corpora- tion. (Hear, hear.) The minutes were then put and carried. MARKETS COMMITTEE. The minutes of this Committee stated that the total income from all sources for the past four weeks was £283 18s. 3d. ; corresponding period of last year, £274 lie. 9d. ; increase £9 6.. 6d. It was also reported that Mr. Crabtree, the assistant inspector of weights and measures, had successfully passed the examination of the Board of Trade. The MAYOR proposed, Alderman RLACKHURST seconded the adoption of the minutes, which were accepted. OAS COMMITTEE.—" ANOTHER SCENE."

. - Councillor R.T.FaincLonon in submitting the minutes of this Committee for adoption pointed out that the ten- der for 1,000 tons of cannel was solicited, so as to get in a supply which would remove the possible danger of the town being left in darkness some night. Councillor Bourori wanted to know whether some- thing could not be done to prevent the awful stench which emanated from the gas works in Mersey-st., and permeated the neighbourhood. Everyone in the neigh- bourhood had been suffering from head ache for weeks through it, and it appeared to him to be nothing but the result of bad management. (Hear, hear.) Councillor DixoN disagreed with the expenditure of £1,048 for a new gas hobier, and wanted to know why the prices were not given in the tender which it was pro- posed to accept from the Stanton Iron Wcrks Company for the supply of cast iron gas pipes and castings. Councillor &raw thought the Chairman of the mittee was not doing his duty in omitting to give parti- culars of prices and quantities of the tender for pipes and also the price of the tender for cannel. Councillor BROWNE agreed with Councillor Shaw and he considered they were entirely left in the dark on the subject. They did not know what they were voting for. He also wished to ask whether the tenders had been advertised for, in accordance with the standing resslu- tion of the Council, which made it imperative on every committee to advertise for tenders over £2O. He also agreed with Councillor Bolton's complaint respecting the stench in Mersey-st. Councillor ROBERTS moved as an amendment that the minutes with the exception of those relating to the tenders tor the coal and the cast iron pipes be con- firmed. He took that course in order to ascertain whether tenders had been solicited for the cannel and cast iron pipes, and if so he would know what quantitv of coal and how many castings had been purchased, and at what price. With regard to the gasholder, he expressed his surprise that the committee had decided to purchase a new holder, for it was generally understood that with the centralization of the manufacturing plant at Longford all the works at Mersey-st. would be aban- doned. Councillor R. T. FAIRCOUGH informed Councillor Roberts that it was intended to manufacture all the gas at Lpngford, but it was thought desirable to keep on the storage reservoirs at Mersey-st. Councillor DIXON seconded the amendment.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0032.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
!LIT

===== 0002601_18930408_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
rffl E EXAMINER. SATURD ‘Y, APRIL S. 1893..

Councillor ROBERTS said that Councillor Fairclough's explanation with regard to the new holder was satisfac- tory enough, that was if thecommittee had only the ob- jects he had stated in view. Alderman SUTTON said that it was an utter impossibi- lity for every committee to give details of everything that came before it. Every member of the Council had an opportunity of obtaining information he required by re- ferring to the minute books, and asking for particulars before the Council ; consequently he did not see any harm in suppressing these particulars from the agenda paper. 'Alderman CHANDLEY said he would like to take advan- tage of the opportunity for saying how inconvenient it was to publish details of contracts in the notices issued to the members of the Corporation. There was no , reason why, as Alderman Sutton had observed, if any member of the Council desired to ascertain the condi- tions under which a contract had been let, and the nature and prices of it, he should not apply at the Gas Works. There, every information would be given to him. It was very objectionable indeed to have all the details of contracts and prices published in the agendas, which came before the notice of the general public, and conse- quently did them (the Gas Committee) much harm in one sense in that direction. Alderman HOLMES concurred with the remarks of Aid. Chandley. Councillor SHAW pointed out that the prices of goods tendered by several local traders were appended on the agenda paper. Why any difference should be made be- tween large and small manufacturers he was utterly at a loss to 'CROW. Councillor R. T. FAIRCLOUGH said that tenders had been solicited for the castings, but he could not tell him what the prices were. A tender was also solicited for the cannel. In reply to Councillor Shaw, he could only say that were the Council to publish the amounts of the tenders of large firms, they would in the future refuse to submit tenders. Councillor ROBERTS wanted to be informed explicitly whether the tenders had been advertised in the manner prescribed by resolution of the Council. If they had been, he did not intend to press the amendment. He only wanted a plain answer. If the tenders had been asked for in the proper way. Councillor R. T. FaincLouon replied that the tenders for the gas pines were advertised for, but with respect to the cannel that was not the case. A special kind of cannel was required and it was decided to ask for special prices. A special quotation was given, and so much re- duction was obtained. Councillor ROBERTS : It is a most unbusinesslike pro- ceeding. Councillor JAMES FAIRCLOUGH : You do it your- self. Councillor ROBERTS : It is a different thing when you are dealing with the public money. Councillor JAMES FAIRCLOUGH : You had better take my place then. Councillor ROBERTS : I can't do that. Councillor Roberts then proceeded to again refer to the manner in which the contracts were given, when Councillor JAMES FAIRCLOUGH said that it was all " rubbish !"

Councillor ROBERTS : If you want to argue the point out, get up in your place and do it. The MAYOR : Do you persist in pressing your amend- ment? Councillor ROBERTS said that he would do so. The voting was then taken, and for the amendment 14 voted and 10 against it. The amendment was declared carried, and the minutes in the amended form were then put and carried. Councillor R. T. FAIRCLOUGTI We have got the cannel down at the works, I wonder who is going to pay for it ?

FIRE ENGINE COMMITTEE.

The minutes of this committee were of a routine character ; they were passed on the motion of Councillor HUTCHINSON, seconded by Councillor HEATON.

WATER COMMITTEE.

There was no itern'Cir public interest on the minutes of this committee, which were agreed to without comment, on the motion of Councillor SHAW GREEN, seconded by Councillor HEPHERD. GENERAL PURPOSES COMMITTEE. The minutes of this Committee contained the follow- ing resolution :—" That in the opinion of this commit- tee the widening mf the four principal streets of the borough should be proceeded with; that the Special Committee, consisting of the Mayor and Aldermen Holmes, Blackhurst, and Wright, be empowered to pur- chase the whole or any of the lots of property in sankey- st., Golborne-s., and Flag-lane to be offered for sale at the Lion Hotel." The property referred to was bought at the sale by the Corporation for the sum of £24,020. On the motion of the MAYOR, seconded by Alderman flotams, the minutes were carried.

The Tow: CLE RK : You will have to have a special meeting of the Town Council.

THE ADVERTISING OF TENDERS.-A MOTION OF RESCINDMENT. •

Councillor R. T. FAIRCLOTIGIi moved that the following resolution, passed by the Council at a meeting held on the sth April, 1887, be rescinded, viz. :—" That all committees of this Council shall be required for the , future to produce the whole of their requirements, whether for materials to be supplied or labour to be per- fortned, or both, by tender, and that whenever the genie' shall involve an expenditure of £2O and upwards. teni- ders be publicly advertised for, and that every accepted ' tender shall be published with the minutes of the com- mittee connected therewith, together with the price and the name of the successful firm." He wished to show the Council that the Gas Committee of the town were large buyers, manufacturers, and sellers, just the same as were owners of other large works, and he did not perceive that any one of these works found it to be to their interests to be bound to advertise tor anything they required of the value of £2O. Gas works are continuous or automatic, and gas must be provided at all costs. Thei committee, therefore, submitted that if any disarrange- ment occurred in the works and the resolution was not rescinded or altered, they might find themselves in dark- ness when they least expected it. He considered the Gas Committee should hold positions similar to directors in public companies only without pay, and 0 show them the absurdity of this resolution he would give them an illustration. Could any member realize the position of Councillor Roberts if the shareholders of the Warring- ton Slate Co. passed a similar resolution, that he must not buy anything of the value of £2O without first advertising far tenders? Would not the profits be infinitesimal ? _ _

Councillor ROBERTS rose to a point of order. This was not a personal matter, and he did not see the comparison between "the shareholders of the Warrington Slate Company " and the Corporation. Councillor R. T. FAIRCLOUGH : Very well then, we will say Messrs. Rylands or Messrs. Crosfield ; if they advertised for tenders for £2O where would their chance of profit be ? It would be infinitesimal. I cannot see the wisdom of keeping a resolution of this character upon the Standing Orders—a resolution which cannot be adhered to without a very serious loss to the town. I Councillor JAMES FAIRCLOUGH seconded the motion. Councillor ROBRRTS was sorry Councillor R. T. Fair- dough had not something better to say in support of his proposition. They had been told there was a possibility of the town being in darkness some day because of the operation of the resolution, but it had been in operation six years and they had never yet been in darkness. (A Voice : "Very nearly.") They had been in partial dark- ness, but not in consequence of the operation of the re- solution, and when their lights went out in consequence of the resolution it would be time for Councillor Fair- dough to speak out. No one would refuse to support the action of the Gas Committee with regard to the supply of material in caso of an unexpected difficulty. (Hear, hear.) The comparison which Councillor Fair- dough had drawn between Corporations and private firms was palpable on the face of it. Private firms were only responsible to the shareholders, but Corporations were responsible to the whole of the ratepayers. No case had been made out why the resolution should be re- scinded. He alluded to the Salford gas scandals as an instance of the result of allowing public business to be done secretly. (Hear, hear.) Councillor Roberts, in conclusion, contended that every ratepayer in Warrington had a perfect right to know how tne money he subscribed for was expended. (Hear, ' hear.) Councillor BOLTON had never seen any reason why the resolution should be rescinded. Alderman Sarrox pointed out that there were always cases of emergency arising when committees should have full powers entrusted to them with regard to tenders. He did not think the motion of Councillor Fairclough went far enough. He suggested that it should be with- drawn, and some alternative scheme introduced,and the Council might consider the two together. Councillor BROWSE opposed the motion ; and said he agreed with Councillor Roberts that Councillor Fair. dough had shown nothing whatever on which to found Iris motion. Councillor FLOOD contended that some protection should be afforded to the ratepayers, who had all the money to find. Councillor DIXON was puzzled to know why there was always so much secrecy connected with the proceedings of th\e Warrington Gas Committee. Contracts were advertised by other Committees. Alderman WRIGHT said it had been found that by " striking while the iron was hot" they could buy a cargo of setts at a very satisfactory price, and thus save the ratepayers and property owners a considerable per- centage. Let Councillor Fairclough withdraw his motion and submit a modified one. Councillors HEATON and BEAstAx spoke on the motion and

Alderman RLACKEIIIRST said he would make the reso- lution more stringent, and apply it to every committee of the Council for every article above a certain amount. Councillor Snew said that in doing work for the Corporation he had been asked for tenders for contracts I very much below £2O. Councillor B. T. Fartict.ountr, in reply, said that he would just like the Council to thoroughly understand that the Gas Committee always asked for ten- ders when they possibly could. He thought that the chairman and committee should be relieved from the responsibility of a resolution of that character. Mr. Browne had talked about sensible persons, but here there was a sensible proposition on the agenda arranging for a purchase of cannel, but the same sensible people had refused to pass it. They would rather do without gas. Could they do without it ? It was like being between "the devil and the deep blue sea," to be between the Council and the Chairman that night. (Loud laughter.) The resolution as it at present stood on the books of the Corporation was an unworkable one, and they could not carry on the work with a resolution of its description. He was willing to have the resolution he proposed amended if it did not altogether coincide with the views of the Council. Coun- cillor Fairclough, however, finally withdrew the resolu- tion, promising to bring forward the question at another meeting. Councillor ROBERTS lam sorry that the motion was withdrawn. I would rather have had the matter decided to-night. The Council then rose.

MR. BALFOITR MISDIRECTS A LETTER.

A few days ago the Town Commissioners of Kilrush, county Clare, passed a resolution expressing the delight with which they had seen the introduction of the Home Rule Bill, On Tuesday the worthy Commissioners were astounded by receiving a letter from Mr. A. J. Balfour thanking them for their protest against the " ruinous proposals of Mr. Gladstone's Government." Either the right hon, gentleman has been hoaxed or there has been a ludicrous error somewhere. At all events Kilrush must be struck off Mr. Balfour's list of Unionist strong-

.--....111110-.--....-.-

Tag BEST NIGHTCAP.—Have your sheets washed with Hudson's Soap, and they will always be sweet as roses, fresh as sea breezes. There will be none of the disagreeable smell, so objectionable in other soaps.—A pure Dry Soap in a Be powder.—Advt. (2).

===== 0002601_18930408_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE COMMITTEE.-THE RATES.

The minutes of this committee referred to the levying of an improvement rate of 4s. in the pound, and a sewer rate of 2d. in the pound. The summary of estimates is as follows :—Borough rate, £9,534 85. 4J.; improvement rate, £27,063 155. 6d.; general sewers rate, £1,511 15s. ld. ; or a total of £38,019 7s. 11d. Alderman HOLMES moved the confirmation of the minutes of the committee. Councillor SHAW G tams' seconded the motion. THII COST OF THE SMALLPDX EPIDEMIC.

---- -- Councillor ROBERTS said that for the purpose of ob- taining the opinion of the Council on the question of the rates, he would move an amendment to the effect that the minutes of the committee be anted to with the ex- ception of the resolutions on pages 2'l and 22, one of the items including a sum of £7,550 es. 11d, on account of the smallpox epidemic. Was it not possible and legal, and even wise, to spread the cost over two years instead of over one? ("Hear, hear "and "No, no.") Ordinarily speaking he believed they should pay as they went on; but, considering such an extraordinary expense, the terrible results of the epidemic, and the terrible loss to trade, it would, he contended, be judieious to spread the repayment of the cost over two years. (Hear, hear.) t Councillor SnAvr seconded the amendment. Councillor SLIAW-GRERN said a generation had elapsed since they had passed through such an epidemic in War- rington, and the sum was a fair one to distribute over two years. The epidemic had come upon them as a visitation from the Almighty, and he believed they would Only be acting fairly to the ratepayers, who had been heavily taxed, if they agreed with the suggestion which had been made by Councillor Roberts. Councillor DIXON and Councillor BOLTON supported the amendment. Alderman Flormcs said the Committee were almost unanimous in recommending the payment in one year. There were large expenses looming in the distance. They had recently spent £25,000 ia the purchase of property ; the interest would have to be paid as well as the sinking fund, and they would also have to go in for the widen- ing of Bridge-st., a matter which could not be avoided. He had always found that if they avoided expense one year other expenses cropped up which were not ex- pected. It was, he believed, prudent to pay the expenses of the current year. Alderman CBANDLEY : The debt is not completed yet. The amendment was carried by 14 votes to 11. The other minutes of the Committee were then passed. Councillor Saaw GREEN asked if they would be com- pelled to postpone for a whole month the making and levying of any rate? Could they not arrange the amount now ?

'Soap Makers

===== 0002601_18930408_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
PA. LUSH -AND DISTRICT COUNCILS.

A PAPER BY THE CLERK TO TIIE WARRING- TON UNION.

At the monthly meeting of the Warrington Board , of Guardians held on Wednesday, in the Town Hall Mr. Sutton, Clerk to the Board, read a paper on Parish and District Councils. He said he had been requested to explain to the Board the changes from the present system of Local Government that will follow if the main principles of the Parish and District Councils Bill now before Parliament, as they will be applicable to the Union. A copy of the Bill only came to him that week,hence ia conveyina to the Board his first impressions of a first reading, it should be un- derstood that he might in some respects have failed to grasp, or misinterpreted the full intention of the Govern- ment. .Upon similar changes being attempted and achieved on past occasions,he had remarked how pecu- liarly, yet apparently without purpose or intentioa, the new thing had corresponded to the very old. Comparing the provisions of the present Bill with the history of early life in English villages it would evidence in many ways a revival thereof. The Bill was not alt-igether of the kind they had expected. They had assumed that, taking the Parish Council as the unit, the District Coun- cil as the superior authority and the County Council as the still higher power, there would, be absorbed, in the three the whole system of Parish, Union, and County Government. It was not quite so, however, except that the duties of Highway Boards were to be given to the District Council and that a number of things now done by county magistrates were hereafter to form part of the work of the District Council, no material departure from prevailing proce- dure was contemplated. If they assumed the Bill to have passed, the position would be this :—Each parish would be a civil and not an ecclesiastical parish, and would consist of at least 800 inhabitants, or it would be grouped with the next parish. They had two such parishes in that union, viz : Cuerdley and Houghton. It would also mean a parish separated from an Urban dis- trict and, thus, the two extra municipal parts of War- rington and Latchford would each be a separate parish. These parishes would meet annually. That was to say men and women, whose names were on .the parliament- ary and County Council lists would meet at a time to be fixed from six to eight p.m., and they would appoint a chairman who would be chairman for the year. Far such meetings at reasonable periods they would have the free use of any public or elementary school. The parish expenses would be charged upon the poor-rate. They would elect parish councillors to a number vary- ing from five to 15, according as might be fixed by the County Council. The Parish Council would appoint overseers and assistant overseers. The Clerk might he a member of the Council without remuneration, or the assistant overseer or other fit person with a salary to be approved by the District Council. All property at pre- sent vested in overseers or churchwardens would be vested in the Parish Council and also the powers and duties of vestry churchwardens and overseers. It ought however, to be remembered that the transfer did not in- clude purely church property or church business. The church would be left to deal with its own property and affairs as hitherto. The parish meeting might adopt such Acts as the lighting and watching, the baths and wash-houses the burial, and public libraries, &c., and when adopted the Parish Council would deal with them. The Parish Council might acquire land and buildings for public purposes, and recreation grounds, and for public walks. They might deal with ponds and pools, and might acquire rights of way, easements, or °the" rights. They will held gifts of property and effect parish im- provements. It is an important, and may prove a bene- ficial power to the Parish Council to utilise any water supply therein for the use of the inhabitants. Their opening powers are, however, limited. The parish meeting must consent to any expense that will involve a loan, or that will involve in any one year a rate that will exceed one penny in the £. The District Council must, moreover, consent to any liability or expense in- volving that penny rate. If such consent be ref used,the County Council may be appealed to, and their decision will be final. All the expenses of a parish Council will be defrayed out of the poor rate. He would now proceed to the District Council and to the Board of Guardians. By almost universal consent, the administration of the poor law will remain solely with the Board of Guardians. The Guardians will cease to appoint the Rural Sanitary Authority. Each Urban Authority will become an Urban District Council. Each Rural Sanitary Authority will become a Rural District Council with urban and highway powers added to their present labours. The county magistrates will no longer be ex-officio Guardians. Guardians are to be elected for three years subject to a third of the Board retiring an- nually. They will be elected by ballot on the one man one vote (one woman one vote) principle. No qualifi- cation of any kind will be required. Men or women may be so elected. The rural District Councillors will number equally with guaidians for the Rural District, and each councillor elected to that office, will be the I guardian also for the parish. The magistrate will cease to grant certain kinds of licenses, and to exercise certain other duties, and the administration thereof, will de- volve upon the District Council. The chairman of each District Council may, during the period of his office act as a county magistrate. It is unnecessary to dwell further upon the District Council and the Board of Guardians for, save as to enlarged powers, the new order of things may be viewed in the main to correspond closely with the old. The County Councils are in several important ways to be the superior Authority. Included with their powers will be the alteration of areas and boundaries. He had to express, if he rightly read the provisions of the bill as to areas and boundaries, much personal satisfaction with the departure now to be made from the purposes of the inquiries as to county and union boundaries, instituted prior to the passing of the County Government Act. Many on that Board would remember that it was then contemplated that the whole of a poor law union, must be brought within one county. Hence they strove very hard at each and every point to bring their Che- shire parishes into the county of Lancashire as in very olden times they had been. Without entering into the many reasons for offering strenuous opposition to any curtailment or the area of their union, he would remind them their contention was that to take from the union the Cheshire portions, would be, for financial reasons and for causes affecting the best interests of the poor, a great wrong. Contrary to reasonable expectation, and to the judgment of the able assistant commissioner who held the local inquiry, the decision of the commissioners was, save as to the urban or municipal part of Latchford against them. Thereupon in every available form and way and in very strong terms, the Board protested against that decision and raised the further objection that no real necessity existed for so altering the bounda- ries of unions, and that they had net the least objection to offer any alteration of the boundary of the Rural Sanitary District so as to bring the areas thereof within their several counties. If he correctly understood the bill the unions need not be narrowed so as to be in one county. Yet the District Council must be so. The difficulty thereon suggesting itselt to his mind related to the expediency of constituting so small an area as the Parish of Grappenhall, Thelwall, and the extra munici- pal parts of Latchford into that of a Rural District Council. It might become a question for their serious considera- tion, and for the authority of the two County Councils

to be exercised upon, whether as was contemplated when the other Cheshire parishes were first annexed to to that Union the township of Appleton might not for poor-law purposes be joined to the Warrington Union, thus enabling a convenient rural district of reasons ble area to be formed of the Cheshire portion and leaving the county boundaries untouched. He would also urge upon the board and particularly upon the Guardians for the rural parishes the desirability of giving close atten- tion to the Parliamentary procedure in relation to the

===== 0002601_18930408_art0036.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
PIn.E

===== 0002601_18930408_art0037.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11;1(fi

===== 0002601_18930408_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1J(I J

===== 0002601_18930408_art0039.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
holds.

/I /..1

===== 0002601_18930408_art0040.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
inn

===== 0002601_18930408_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EDUCATION CRISIS AT ST HELENS.

VOLUNTARY VERSUS BOARD SCHOOLS. --- IMMEDIATE AND DECISIVE ACTION NECESSARY. The ratepayers of St. Helens are face to face with the question of either at once raising £7,000, and continuing the voluntary system of elementary education, or establishing a school board in that borough. The vicar of St. Helens (the Rev. J. W. Willink, MA.) has just issued a circular convening a conference to be held at the Town in which he says :—" In view of the grave crisis which has arisen in the town in connection with elementary education, I have been requested by Colonel Gamble, Mr. Sinclair, Colonel Richard Pilkingten, the directors of Messrs. R: Evans and Co., and others, who are keenly interested in the matter, and all agreed as to the supreme importance, of taking such immediate steps as shall render the formation of a school board for St. Helens an impossibility, to invite your attendance, the object being to take the subject of local voluntary education into consideration, and, if possible, to agree upon some course of action by which the necessary money may be raised, and the whole question placed upon a sure foundation for the future." A PUNGENT CRITICISM.

The following letter has appeared in -the Liverpool " Daily Post "dealing with the " crisis" :—Sir —You published yesterday the fact that the Vicar of Sc. 'Helens is appealing to the public for £7,000 to supply deficien- cies in the means for public elementaery education, with the object of staving off a school board for the town, and keeping in the hands of a self-elected few the con- ' trol of great sums of public money. Your brilliant article of yesterday on the subject of public education, strongly condemnatory as it was of the policy of tha vicar of St. Helens :and his supporters, did very natur- ally not touch upon this specific case, and therefore, I propose, with your permission, to address a few words Upon the subect to the the people of St. Helens and to the vast circle of your readers generally. The latest Parliamentary return I have by me at the moment upon the matter in hand is tor the year ending August 31, 1889. In this return it appears that there were in St. Helens and Parr fifteen public elementary schools, two British, two Wesleyans, bur Church of England, and six Roman Catholic, besides ene Small unclosed school with an average attendance of eighty scholars at the Crown Glass Works. The manarrs of these fifteen schools dispensed in that year a total income of £10,856, out of which it is stated that £1,676 only came from subscrip- tions. Though this is an unusually large proportion, and showing the generosity of the subscribers in a very favourable light, it cannot be said to be so large as to entitle them to the sole control of the schools. An in- teresting fact as to these subscriptions is that only £152 9s. is set down as contributed to the Church of England schools, less than one-tenth of the total, though they contained just one-fourth of the scholars in average attendance. This fact, showing that he has almost a virgin field to work upon may give encouragement to the Vicar in his efforts to raise the thousands he wants. Sik:of the fifteen schools are, as I have said, Catholic echo& St. Helens voted at the last general election,by a small majority,and as I think mistakenly,arinst what is called the domination of the priests in Ireland. The Vicar and his supporters are,however,all for the domination of the priests in St. Helens, We Liberals, sir, favour con- trol by the people who pay, and we would welcome priest and parson alike to our schools, each to teach his own, provided he came not to command, but as one desiring to serve, and as such deserving of honour.— Yours, dm., JOHN T. BRUNNER. Druids' Cross, Wavertree, April 4, 1893.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HOME RULE BILL IN PARLIAMENT.

The second reading of the Home Rule Bill was moved in Parliament on Thursday by Mr. Gladstone, who after an appeal to the results of autonomy in foreign coun- tries and a reference to the dissaffection of our colonies when they were governed from Downing-street as Ireland is governed from Dublin Castle. referred to the tears which had been expressed as to the Irish members at Westminister taking part in votes of confidence upon questions substantially English or British, and said that of all the twelve vetes of confidence in the last sixty years there had not been one upon a British question—eight of them were upon Imperial, and four upon Irish questions. He thought these eighty members would be found at Westminster upon proper occasions, and that those occasions would be somewhat rare. There had, he held, been nothing like habitual inconvenience from the interference of Irish members in British questions. As to the financiatmatter, he did not believe that a financial adjustment between the two countries could be made in any manner which would be entirely free from incoavenience, but all that inconvenience was mere dust in the balance when compared with the importance of the great purpose they had in view—the real union of the countries and the consolidation of the Empire. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach moved the rejection of the bill. He contended that it neither gave real autonomy to Ireland in purely Irish affairs nor secured the supremacy of the Imperial Parliament. It left the landlords without protection, and its safeguards for the minority were absolutely unreal, and its securities to the British taxpayer a sham. The debate was adjourned at midnight.

RAY'S CoxPomm, a demulemt anodyne expectorant for Coughs and Colds, 9id., 131 d. 01 all Chiimists.—.Advt. On Monday a serious accident occurred on the Hay. dock section of the Liverpool, St. Helens, and South Lancashire Railway. An engine was taking a train of empty wagons along the line to the steam navvy, when Thomas Wilson, twenty-two, a labourer of Golborne, who was travelling in the same direction, attempted to get on the engine. He missed the step and both his feet were caught by the connecting rod and severely crushed. The engine was immediately stopped, and Wilson ex- tracted. He was taken to the Haydock Cottage Hospi- tal about 100 yards away,and attended by Dr. Hayward. Both feet were very badly crushed.

COAGCLINE.—Cement for Broken Articles, 6d. and 15.; postage, 2d. Sold everywhere, home and abroad.—Advt. Colonel Gamble C.B. who recently purchased Carr Mill Lake from Lord Gerard, and who has constructed a new footpath near the edge of the water, has decided to throw the footpath open to the public each afternoon during the summer, providing visitors do no damage to the ground. The walk extends from the skaters' gate, near the viaduct, to the boathouse gate. This public boon will, doubtless, be properly appreciated. "TOBACCONISTS commencing" 111d.gulde (3d.) Teeaccomm Ourvirritio Co.-186, Euston-rd., London. Est. 1866.-4dv

XSTOP ONE MOMENT!' " OH ! DEAR, DOCTOR, MUST MY DARLING DIE ?" THERE IS VERY LITTLE HOPE, BUT TRY TUDOR WILLIAMS'

PATENT BALSAM OF- HONEY, THERE IS NO MORE TRYING SEASON POE THE HUMAN CONSTITUTION THAN THE PRESENT WEATHER.

Beware of the sunshine in the day and the cold winds at nigh'. Should you catch a cold, nip it in the bud by taking the Certain Remedy, , ,

_ TUDOR WILLIAMS'

BALSAM OF HONEY.

Thousands of Children have been Saved from an Untimely Death by the prompt use of Tudor Williams' Bilsam of Honey. No Mother shock' neglect to keep this Infallible Remedy in the house ready for any emergency. Remember that it is wiser to check a slight Cough at the commencement than to allow it to develop into a lingering no nplaint. Ask distinctly for Tudor Williams' Balsams of Honey,and see that you get the right article. Thousands of Children Cured from Whooping Cough and Bronchitis when all other Remedies fall. Persons suffering from Difficulty of Breathing should give it a trial.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0043.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18930408_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
NOW COMMENDED BY PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.

When you are distressed with a miserable cold, nose bunged up, throat sore, limbs aching with a general feeling of smothering, a few doses of the Balsam of Honey will clear the wretched symptoms away, almost before you know it. There is nothing like it en the market ;it is thoroughly up to date; it trickles into all the system. A true triend, prompt aud reliable in its action. Just another word. When you ask or send for Tudor Williams ratent Balsam of Honey, (1.3 not allow anybody to persuade you to purchase something else. If you d. you simply throw off the genuine article and take on with a false one. Wonderful cores Daily. Thousands of Testimonials to hand from all parts of the World.

SPONTANEOUS TESTIMONY. WORTHY OP YOUR CONSIDERATION.

Sir.—My wife desires me to say that your Tudor Williams Balsam of Honey has proved a most valuable medicine in our large family (eight children). As soon as a cough or cold makes its appearance a dose of Tudor's Balsam is atonee administered and this treatment is followed up until the cold disappears. Before using the Balsim in our family the child- ren have been prostrate with colds or several weeks, but now, by taking doses as directed, they seem to suffer very little inconvenience. During the short time the cold is upon them the action of the Balsam is inarvelloua, and the little ones take it readil3 and ask for more.—WALTER J. BRETT. OIL` Headmaster, Severn Tunnel School March 16th, 1892. ' PHYSICIANS HIGHLY IiECOMAINND IT

Tufts IS NO REMEDY UNDER THE CANOPY OF HEAVEN equal to Tudor Williams' Patent Balsam of Honey for a Win- ter Cough. If your children or friends are losing their grip on life and scarcely able to breathe, they should try Tudor Williams' Patent Balsam of Honey. For weak-chested men. delicate women and children. It cures when all other remedies fail. It cures Cough, Colds, Bronchitis. Asthma, Tightness or the Chest. It cures tho asands of children of Bronchitis, and Whooping Cough. It cures tor one shilling when pounds have been spent in , vain. Do TRY IT. You WILL PETER REGRET IT

===== 0002601_18930408_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
READ WHAT PUBLIC HEN THINK OF IT.

"My Children's Cough and Bronchitis have beea com- pletely cured oa several occasions by the celebrated Tudor Williams' Balsam of Honey. the tight-breathing and pea in the chest and h rareeness they suffered was dreadful, but On taking the Balsam of Honey they had immediate ease. It acts like a charm on them. I arc certain the more the Balsam is known the more it will be appreciated. _

" I am, Sir, - "Yours truly, " Alcle,raan Taoxis PHILIP WarrE.' " Maesycwmmer." Cardtff.

Sold by all Chemists and Stores all over the World in Is. lid. 2s. 9d., and 48.6 d. bottles.

See you get thf; right article.

Sample Bottle sent pust paid for Is. 3d., 35., and 56., from the Inventor.

D. TUDOR WILLIAMS, R.D.S.L.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
MEDICAL MALL, ABERDARE, WALES.

111 Rs. S. A. ALLEN'S

WORLD'S

HAIR lIESTORER.

An absolutely perfect Hair Restorer and Dressing.

It is not a dye, but acts directly on the roots of ibe hair, giv- ing th,qn the natural nouns 'moat required.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
1211 E SHOCKING DIsCOVER.Y IN A.

WIDNES HOTEL.

Mr. S. Brighouse, the county coroner, on Wednes- day held an inquest at the Widnes Police Court, on the body of a newly-born female child, which was found concealed in the lumber room of the Com- mercial Hotel, Appleton, on the 2.3 rd ult. Mary Sweeney, a native of Tralee, County Kerry, the mother of the infant, was present in custody, and she was represented by kir.J.W, Knowles. Inspector Pattinnon conducted the proceedings on behalf of the police.—Dr.J.lkl. MacLennan deposed that he had made a post-mortem examination, and be described the body as well nourished and fully-developed. He was of opinion that the child had had a separate existence from the mother,and that death was due to asphyxia,caused by forcible obstruction of the breath- ing. In reply to the Coroner, witness said he put aside any accidental suffocation during birth, when he said violence had been used. Considerable vio- lence must have been used to have caused the clots on the brain. —Samuel Hurst, licensed victualler, Commercial Hotel, said the prisoner came to his house on the 20th ult., she was engaged as domestic servant. On the 23rd his suspicions were aroused, and he went to the prisoner's bedside, and she admitted that she had given birth to a child. She told him where she had put it, and the police found the body at the place indicated. The child was wrapped in a cloth, and outside this there was a string round-the , child's neck. The string was not tied.—Beatrice Hurst, • daughter of last witness, said she awoke at six o'clock on Wednesday morning, and she saw Mary Sweeney dressed and kneeling on the floor. Witness thought she heard a child cry. Mary Sweeney asked her to get up and light the fire as she did not feel well.—The Coroner, after consulting his hooks, directed the jury that the child had had a separate existence.—P.S. McGregor deposed to finding the body.—The prisoner volunteered to give evidence on oath, and after being cau- tioned, she stated that she was a married woman, the wife of Patrick Sweeney. Her husband was the father of the child. The child was bprn on the 22nd, and when she first saw it, it was dead. She did not hear it cry. She wrapped the body up and put it in the lumber room intending to have it buried. She did not know what she was doing. Her husband left her on the 22n1 August last to go to America, and she supposed he was there plow. It was not true she had been living with a men namPd Peter Murray. She had been married seven years. The Coroner, in summing up, said the verdict must be one of either wilful murder or an open verdict. After a quarter of an hour's considera- tion in private, the jury returned an open verdict.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
BRASS BAND CONTEST AT ,RUNCORN.

A brass band contest, arranged for the benefit of the Runcorn Town and District Band, took place on the football field, Irwell-lane, on Saturday. Unfortunately the weather was wet but there was nevertheless a large number of spectator& Twenty six bands had entered the competition, and the whole of neva put in an appearance. It was after nine o'clock when the last band took the stand. The best piece was " Marina Faliero " (Wright and Round) and the jud:ze was Mr. A. D. Keate, of Manchester. his awards were as follows :-18c prize (.£l9 11k), Eccles Boro ; 2nd (Xl2 125.), Goodshaw ; 31,1 (0 944, Bradford (Manchester) ; 4th (.E6 6 Gossages' Widnes; sth (.£2), Verdin Adelaide, Nortlawich. The judge said they bad had a very good and close contest and several bands had given a really grand performance of the piece.

• EPPS'S 0000a..--GRATEFOL AND COMFORTING.—" By a thorough knowledge of the natural laws which govern the operations of digestion and nutrition, and by a careful ap- plication of the fine prop.rties of w 41-selected Cocoa, Mr. Epps has provided our breatfa4 tables with a delicately flavoured beverage ty save us many heavy doctors* bills. It is by the judlcaous ascot such articles of diet that a constitution may be grata tlly built up until strong enough to resist every tenthn y to disease. Efundreds of subtle maladies are floating around as ready to attack where- ever there is a weak point. We mty escape many a fatal shaft by keeping ourse;ves well or tified with pure blood and a properly nourished frame." —Civil Seroice Gizette.—Made simplywith boiling weer or milk S& t in packets, by , Grocers, labelled JAMES BPI'S, &Co HOliret,l2o,hl6 Chemists London. Also Makers of Epps's Cocaaine or Ishb-Eztract, Tessdike,—ifirt. •

Immoimmigirillliiilli

===== 0002601_18930408_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
.iir

,

• , . ~ „ , -, • • ~..,-if.,•,;,-,,",,,,,,:•;;;;:-....-"; ~s• , .. - ~,..- . ...4:,;:!.4;•‘,...- 4,^";,..'N•zi.: „,.-„:.,-,-A,,,n,,p . -- - ,5,..4.a,:"..;n. t . ,-: •tA.:'-i•-''''''', AAt.l;:::*4.." ' ,•-3 ''''':'` ~,,,r• .1.14-„"A. ;-,*.('',,, 4",,,":;• 1,-.?",".,:,,,--- •Z -, :.. -;- ~-";,-..." , .. ~„ ''.,.•, , 7,- , •-,,,,..,, „:--, 'A :•.Zf',.,-4,, ,",,,i' -•,:.",',1,.;',,,,,,, , ~-.4.,,,,a;,„ ':-Z-4-"X- -,,ir•.',.."N;;;Z:;,,,zif------,.-' ~,,,,•-•--"'"- ---"- "'" , ' -t-,'• "i,•-•4;•,..,*(,•' -'-•,.'t;'•,,,"'");'!" ,e,,,,,4;'..v"--L'it.P '"",' ' .;:.,.A.:,,..t......,,,,-........."...--rt" e„ ~..„..,,,,,,,,.„,,,.....,,,,.. ;.,.....,,,.,.,...,....._. .. _,,,„,..,,,,., , 4........„

Ein " Oramintr " Otrm.

07 LAWCAsaIRE ANR CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS

Comprises THE Warrington detd Mid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE Earkstown and Newton Examiner, published _1 every Friday aft-moon. rr HE St.Helmes Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE .Runeern Examiner, published every Saturday morning ; and HE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday moniing.

Zpartmtnto, .furittObtb Jlouckti, Su.

QOUTEPORT.—Furnished Def.dea 'PRIVATE lIILOUSS 1,1 TO LET, good gardens, 5 bedrooms.• -35. Aela-st., near St. Luke's Station.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPAI D ADVBRTISEMENTS

looming unde;t7aff;ll-o-WinT heath are in ALL the above-mentioned Papers for ONE CHAUGE, as per Beale given below. SITUATIoNS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PA RTIN ERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED, MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT.

- ISCELLANEOUS WANTS, HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words We k. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 64 ...... 6d ... 30 13c1 ... 6e Od The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tiseu ent Inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

CEFN-Y COED, COLWYN BAY. House, Lodge, furnished or unfurnished, garden, field ; let or sell; beautifully situated on hill.—SitowELL.

TSLE OF MAN. Good accommodation for visitors with or JL without board.—Mrs. LIN6ARD (late of Warrington), York House, Castle Drive, Douglas (near the palace).

BOURNEMOUTH Comfortable APARTMENTS on moderate terms. near Pier and Gardens. Good refer- ences and hemecomforts.—CAßßlNGlON. Wootton Gardens.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
ORO, Poultry, su.

EGGS, black red game, 3e. 64. 13. prize bred.—FLETCHER, Biabop's Cietle, Shropshire.

PURE WHIT& LEGHORNEGGS. 34 doe..free.—CREASEY. Park Farm. Walcot. Lincoln.

PRIZE BRED. silver grey Dorking eggs, grass run, 13 for ss. 64. Rev.—, Fernbank, Southbourne, Ohristchurch

PURE MINORCAS, wonde, ful layers, 2s 64 sitting fertile replaced . Rectory, Chastleton, Moreton- Marsh.

11C3HRE TANGSHAN EGGS. from high-ciass birds mated with Laycock's Champion ; 3s. 6d. p r sitting.—High- field House. Chumley.

LINCOLNSIIIIaI MIFF COCHINS, proved the largest, hardest, most profitable laying and table fowl known, eggs 2a. sitting 14.—J. THOMPSON, Geriney, Ho'beach.

ON SALE—BGGS. Plymouth Bock. (cup and first-p-ize strain), Black Mttiorcas, Silver Wyandoties and Orping- ton's, 2s. 13d. per 13. J. G. PawNALL, Gretit sankey.

DUDE INDIAN GAME 000 K, with crossbred bens, _L good layers. produce grand table birds. 3s. for 15 eggs, free.—WALTER Dt exErr, Manor House, Blackford, Weston- super-Mare.

BPUFF COCHIN EGGS for stile; No. 1 Pen—from all prize winners 10s. fid. per sitting of 13 eggs ; No. 2 Pen ss. per sitting ; No. 3 Pen, 2. 6d. per sitting.—Mrs. POWNALL Brook Side Farm, Sankey.

EGGI-3 from pure Langshans, bred from prize and beat laying strains, average last year 243 eggs each fowl. lie- duced sittings 48. ; unfertfles replaced.—Miss N. BATTEN, Sumrnerhill Cottage, Oswestry, Salop.

COCHBRBLS.—Orand Black Hamburgh, perfect bird, 7+. 6d. Hoseeomb Mack o,pington, 6+. 6d. Black Minorca (pri,e strain), 6s. 61. Splendid birds to breed from. Approval.—KaisE, Old Withington„ ateHord, Cheshire.

LIGHB—NOTIC6.—BIack Hamburgh•, all prize winners, F. PALMEE, iII Order to popularize this beautiful and prolific I vine fowl, offers eggs at the red•cutom low price 4s. 6d. d, z„ ualertile replaced.—Brabourne Lees, near Ash- ford, Kent.

MIGGS for tiATCHING•from my noted winter layers ; Langshan-Minorca., Plymonth Reeks, White Leg- horns splendid large eggs. ss. per dozen. Ca h with order. tinferiVe rep`nced ; if rPturn carriage paid.—Miss WRIGHT. Broomedge. Lymm, Warrington

HIGHLY-BRED Silver Spangled HAMBURGHS ; ergs guaranteed from Ist prize winners, Northampton, Derby, Rugby. Penistone. Peak e Forest, Reanor, Lutter- worth, &c.. eggs from above pens produced winners, Royal, Isc., last year, 65. dozen. W. GLosqoY.Ambervate.

MIGGS FOR STFTIII.I6.-'Blrtck Minorca Butterfield best ILI strain e L-ghorn Butted' his strsin. Park Brahma Cock's best strain. rillsrsr Grey Dorking Benrrs strain. all at its First Crosts'2s. Gi. ner sitting. Carriage paid, unfertile replacel.—PETEß FAULKNER, Gmaville Cot- tage, Walloden. near Bolton.

EBGS--Orpington,, champion winter layers tincl splendid table birds. Pine brown ems from Pen containing 9 first prize wieners, 74 ed. for 13. or 2 sittings for 12s. 6d. Night chicks guaranteed per sitting.. Unfertiles replaced. Catalogue. '1 e,timonials' free —LRONARD SMITH, 124, Wet min ster-romd, Hands-worth, Birmingham (Name this paper.)

f QITTING OF HIGH CLASS IEGGS.—BIaok Minorca kJ Webs er's and Abbot's champion and chs'lenge cup combined strfuns. silye, erey durking. Cres well's stain , black red gamy, Ceptain Heaton's strain ; Alvslsury ducks. Digby's strain. No private pen:. Guarantee all the same, hatch from Prolific layers and handsome speeimens, none better. Beano,- from ss. to 3s. 6d. sitting. Two sittings 6s. —E. Cntistca. Itoehe. Cornwall.

EGGS crAnd 13LACB MINOTTCAS, ss. 6d, dozen, most prolific lavers iind horn (Challenge Cup and Ist prize strains). EGGS from GOLDEN WYANDOTTFS, ss. 6cl. dozen, grand winter layers (prize strain). E' grand eos-Ectoms black ORPINGT ONS, 6s. 6d. dorm, A 1 leyersor large dark eggs, all GUARANTFRII FERTILE. carefully p4oked, post paid. KANE. Old Withington. Chelford.

VOGS TCYR •STTTING.!—SingIe and Rose combed (hying- .LA ton's golden and silver Wyandols. light Brahma', 45.; dark Bratitnas. Bondans. brown and white Leghorne. shawl, Piymouth Becks. Blue Anclalusians. Minorca golden pencilled Bambino. 3s. 6d ; No. 2 pen lidinorcas, black rose combed Bantams white rose ormibed Bantams. Duck eggs. 26.6 d. pervitting of 13 eggs. Sitting mixed to suit Customers, unfertileeggs inn laced if returned carriage paid. The above pens have been mated with birds from come of the best yards in England-to prodore good -.avers. It"peetion Invited. No eggs sole on Sond..vs.—lotrx EDMONDSON, Poultry-yard, Crank. near St Helens. Lancashire.

FOWL 4COTtN, 'LIGHT WHEAT, DAM, BUCK WHBAN, and GALATZ CORN.

CATER & SON, CORN DEALERS. WARRINGTON.

GENT WANTED—k,.6 per quarter, paid weekly. splen- did opening. Experience unnecessary. Specimens free.—Address COMPO WoiiK, Farnworth, Bo,ton. TO

IBACCONISTS commencing. Ilfd. Guide (3(L) How to commence. TOBACCONISTV OUTFITI IMO CO., IE6, Hus- ton Road, London. Manager. Henry Myers. Hit. 1866.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
2:onit6ttr berbantff, Brt.

X 1 ArrnD, a good ,GENMPAL SERVANT.—AppIy Mrs. CUTP ex. I:Orford4ane. Warrington.

CAARDENER 'squires Situation as Under; age 23.—G. $Olll, Whalley 'House, Whalley Range. Manel este,.

WANTED., etrong GIRL for Foam Work, age 14 to 17. 4pptvMi jomfr,os, Tong Head Farm, near Boltoo.

Nk7 A N;f01113, C9ON leraNlPAL,:wDherreovher Tsemmaiodrdls kept en CQOIC WANTBD, .aleo 'housemaid waitress. generals, and young giria.-11frs. Bites's REGISTRY, 24, Darwen-st., Blackburn.

MRS 8AVAI:11 re,snires all kinds of Servants.—SELEcr RICGISTMT, It Great Western-street, Whalley Range, Manchester.

VVANTED. goo 4 General SERVANT, for farm house are alece,t 25, Proteettant.—Apply Mrs. BATHER. Finch lane, West Derby.

SIT 17 AT ION WANTED aa Groom and Gard,-mer, or Groom : good referenoes.—Apply to G. E. KITE, 6, St. Mary-s' Bridgnort

WANTHD. a Servant GIRL 'from 16 to 18. must be a good milker.—Appiy Mrs. BENSON, Walsh Fold Farm, Bradshaw. near Boltem.

WANT D, thorough GEN lilt AL, about 22, sm—all wash. Must have good character. Protestant.-88, Wavertree-road, Liverpool.

ANTED.—J4ervant; In ail capacities public and private. —Apply Mrs. ItEzettorr, 20, Queen-st.. Oldest Regis- try in Scarborough.—Lotigingp.

'WANTED, SITUATION AS HOUSEKEEPER. where servAnt kept. business li.use,or place of taust ; refer- ence. The COBDEN, Huddersfield.

1 ADY would take entire charge of one or two children per- manentiv. or for the holidays—seaside—highest refer- ences.—F. BROW.NLIE, Amdell, Lytham.

WANTED. as Cali good GENERAL SERVANT ; also ralltSE ; three young Children; assiatance 'Mrs. PARRAN, Leech. Eccles. Manchester.

ALL SORTS of Servants Wanted for public and private famities.—The Guaranteed Ladies' Registry and Rome for Good Servants, 17. Shakepere-st.. Manchester.

WANTED, respectsble GIRL as housemaid, and to make herself generally useful ; age from 18 to 20.—Apply LANDLADY, Star Hotel, Conisboro', Rotherham.

CIENRBAL Servant Required, small private family; no children : boy kept ; god character lb eesaary.—Ad- Areas, Mrs. FISHER. Blosomfield, Solihull, Warwickshire.

WANTED at once. a superior Under HOUSEMAID; age 18 to 20 ; English and Protestant.—Apply Mrs. RUPERT MASON, Audenabaw Hall, Fairfield. near 3jnehes- 4er.

GENBRAL SERV&C,IT„ good, wanted, active, clean, able to wash ; good reference ; good wages to a euit,ble _A,ddress G., 423. Middleton-road, Chadderteu, Old- tam.

WANTND, SITUATION as GARDENER (Head or good Slegle-handed) -married when suited- ag d 32 years' good ciatracter.—J. GRIFFITHS, Bureher Court, Titley, Herefordshire.

WANTED. by refined Gentlewoman, Housekeeper to a Widower or Companion to Widow or slight Invalid. Cheerful, muceal, highe.t references. 8.L.M.-24, Grange Mount, Birkenhead.

. _...._ WANTED. middle of April, good COOK for family; must l3a well i ee,ornmended • Church of England ; age 30 to 35 ; assiatance given ; wages £25, 4 servants.—Address Mrs. Mt;Nra, Itoox, Surbiton, Surrey.

WANTED, thorooghly respectable GENERAL, for gentle- man's hope in conntry village ; small family, good plain cooking. part washing, good wage if experienced,—Mrs. p'DwTEß,Hurtou, Weezrapretand•

EBENEZER TIMMINS & SONS, LTD.

ENGINEERS AND IRONFOUNDERS.

MAICERS Or CHEMICAL AND SOAP pLANr. BRIDGE WATER FOUNDRY, RUNCORN,

ESTABLISZIED 1827.

CONTRACTORS FOIL GAS WORKS, WATTLE WORKS,

ARTESIAN WELLS, BRINE WELLS, AND

BORINGS FOR MINERALS.

BORING PLANT AND PUMPS,

SILVER MEDAL. EDINBURGH, 1890 GOLD MEDAL, • JAMAICA. 1891. GOLD MEDAL, DERBY, 1891.

COLEMAN'S

W. • INCARNIS, OR LIEBIG'S EXTRACT OF MEAT AND MALT WINE. WINOARNIS Is the New Name Regis•ered to Prevent Fraudulent Imitations. OVER TWO THOUSAND Unsolicited Testimonials have been received from Meoical Men. IMPORTANT UNSOLIuITED TESTIMONIAL FROM Dr. MATTHEWS, Dereham-road, Norwich. Dereham-road, Norwich, June 13th. 1892. Gentlemen,—You have been kind enou,h to send me several free orders for your " Witicarnis," and it has given much r lief to several who were in a dying state—they could take the " Wincarnis "when everything else was rejected, I am now begging the favour of asking you if you can do a w rk of charity in giving a poor dying man some of your • Wincaruis " It has kepi him up some weeks. He is suffer- ing from an internal cancer. His means are all gone Friends and his family have purchased two large blttles weekly— They cannot afford him more. Ile has bad the most expen- MY wines, but nothing suit him Ilk • the" Wincarnis." The case is urgent. 'lb • gentleman has filled an important posi- tion in this county,but his means are gone.—yours faithfully. W. MATTHEWS. Messrs. Coleman and Co., Limited.

VVINCAIZNIS Is sold by all Druggists, Wine Merchants, and Patent Medici e Vendors. Ask for COLEMAN'S •. WI NCARNIS.” or LIEBIG'S EXTRACT OF MEAT AND MALT WINE, and see that the word WINCAItNIS is on the shoulder of the bottle. If there is any difficulty in getting the Wine, write direct to the Manufacturers, who will ferward Sample Pint Bettie Free by Pobt on receipt of 33 stamps. „ Doz. Rail IP 30s. Sole Manufacturers: COLEMAN & CO., Limd, tq. George's and Bank Plain. Norwich; and 3, New London-st., London, W.C. Sole Proprietors of " Ozm.,zon," the New Beef Tee, and also Coleman's Crown Imperial Invalid stout which In strongly recommended by the Medics' Faculty.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0053.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, r

===== 0002601_18930408_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
-VALLEY, ANGLESEA. —FURNISHED, 3 sitting, 6 bed V rooms, stabling. &a., near sea and station.—Apply Miss JONES, Carna House.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
aburatton.

t!Banteb.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
DP.APEEY. APPRENTICE WANTED.—AvpIy W. BENSON. it, Sankey-street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
gROCERY.—JUNIOR ASSISTANT WANTED for a few weeks —W. ISAAC 26, Buttermarket-st.. Warrington.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED, a SMART BOY, for ( ffice, quick at figures, wages to commence 41. per week.—Apply by letter "C." E,cuniner Office, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
TOBACCONISTS and those commencing should call or send 1 for our Price List. Competition defied.—GOLDBERG.B. Paradise-et.. Liverpool. Established 1850.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0060.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18930408_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
• UNHHIMEMED eight yards of Double width all Wool CASH- Payments taken. MERE, unsoiled, honestly worth S. D. twenty shillings, the Dress Piece only

===== 0002601_18930408_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
EARTHNNWARE.—Seconds, in crates, £2; best useful Goods, 4-3 ; write for lists,—EARLE WORKS POTTERY, Longton, Staffordshire.

BWELLERY, Watches, Watch Materials, Cutlery. Ele,tro It/ Plate.—Wholesale list, post free.—WRIGHT, St. Luke's - rd., Birmingham.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
OSALE, MANURE WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshlre.—Apply to J. Hosiano, 18, Fenwiek-Street. Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
PPREVENXION OF CHOLERA by wearing SIGNOR CRISPI'S Cholera and Magnetic Belt combined, £1 each ; send size, Castleton, Grosmout. •

===== 0002601_18930408_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
I ARGE PARCEL beautiful AUSTRALIAN ORCHIDS JU posted on receipt 2. 6d, Post Office Order.—LINDSAY, South Grafton. New South Wales.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
eIHARACTER delineated from writing or sketches or im- pressions of the hinds, with lines in palms. Pee is. 6d.—Mrs. BLIKISTON, Warehim. Dorset.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
,

'alt bp Vribatt Ertatv.

oalts bp Pribate Ertatp.

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, APRIL 8, 1893.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
DENKETH.-" GIIEYSTONE ROUSH," commodious rest- dence, stabling. &c., orchard and garden ; rent £so. Mr. ROBERT Lows, Estate Agent, Warrington,

===== 0002601_18930408_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
'llO LET, House, Eagle Mount, Stockton Heath, Bent £2.8. I_ Three bedrooms, parlour, sitting-room, kitchen,and other conveniences.—Apply W. BOSTOCK, buiLder, Wildersisool.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
SMALL-PDX!! SCAILLBT PEVInt I I PREVENTION BETTER THAN CURE I I Healthy Homes maintained by using BIBBY'S DISINFECTING FLUID.

It is a perfect Antiseptic and Deodoriser, and effectual! prevents eoNtagion:

It is a sure remedy for skin sores in man, horse, or dog, and is not poisonous. Invaluable to Hotel Proprietors, Far- mers and Householders.

HENRY BIBBY and Co., Dock Chemtcal Works, Cornbrook, Manchester.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0071.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Qlnittrarts.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
iThtsiral Eltanuntnts.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
pADEREWSKI says : " Play only on an Erard wherever obt amble.

ERARD.

,NJakers to tne Queen, 18, Great Marlb,rough-s., Regent-st.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
pADEREWSKI says: "Flay only on an Erard wherever obt aina6le.

ERAR D.

The remainder of the Eng- lish Models at Great Reductions.

PADEREWSKI says: "Play only on an Erard wherever obtainnble.

S. and P. ERARD. MAKERS tn the QUERN and ROYAL FAMILY. 18, GRHAT MARLbOROUGH-ST.. REGENT-ST., W.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
LICENSED FOR THE SALE OP METHYLATED SPIRITS AND BENZOLINE. AGENT for SEQUAWS REMEDIES.

-- TEE EXORS. OF TRE LATE ISAAC SPEAKMAN

_ CHEMIST BY h'XAMINATION. BRIDGE-ST., PHARMACY 27, BRIDGE-ST.. RUNCORN.

• PATENT MEDICINES (with a few exceptions) AT RE- , DUCED PRICES, Viz. 2s 9d for 2s 3d, 2s 6d for 2s Id, Is ltd for 104 d. 6d. Nelson's Gelatine 3 for 114 d, is. Neave's food 8d per tin, Ac., Ac. SPRATT'S DOG BISCUITS 18s 6d per 1121bs or 121bs for 28 3d. Calabar Dog Biscuit, 12s 6d per cwt. CHEAPEST HOUSE FOE HOUSEHOLD SOAPS. Pears' soap 3 for 10d; Haziehurst's "Sun." 3 tablets for sd; Sunlight, 3 in box 74d; Brockes Monkey Soap, 34d per lb. Homeopathic Medicines 6d bottle, 5d ; Vichy Waters, 36r per case, 50.—Best and Cheapest House for White Lead, Tur- pentine, Varnish, Oil, Brushes, lie. Send for prices. Whole, sale Dealer in Petroleum Oil, Hudson's Dry Soap, AC. Aspinall's Enamel Paint. Cooper's Sheep Dip, 12. per doz

===== 0002601_18930408_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
LIMITED.

By THE FRODSHAM FARMERS AUCTION COMPANY

MONEY.--Mr. 0. THOMAS. 31.5, Great College-st.. Lon- don, N.W., makes advances to respectable ptrsons.— Address by letter only, enclosing stamp for reply.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
rri IHE EMPIRE

TEA CO's

NOTED TEAS AT 2/-, 9/2, 2/4, 2/6, 2/8 EP WE GIVE ONE CHEQUE, Olt VALUE 3h. WITH BACH QUARTER-POUND TEA, Purchasers or Cheque Holders have a costly and varied stock of useful and ornamental Articles to choose from. Sheets, Tabled( the, Towels, &c. 4„ Kitchen and Pallour Rugs, p-3 E.; Door mats all sorts, 4 Floor and Table Oilcloths, 0 onware in great variety, n 1 "2 0 N Basl.ets, Brushes, &c., c 2 cntj Cutlery all sorts, 0 CO o China, cud Earthenware, t.i Toilet Sets, Trinket Sets, C )-1 cs 2 Lamps a large assortment, Glarsware all so f Is, Vases and other ornaments in great variety. Culinary articles too varied to enumerate. THE EMPIRE TEA COMPANY, 16, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANY+ (Late John Nunnerley and Co., BUILDERS' MERCHANTS. ARPLY STATION, NVARRINOTON, rt ~ ATVS. VELINHELL H N PEN RYN, AND CANAHVOisr .s. DEMENT, LIME, DRAIN PIPES, FIRE BRICKS, Ti A' and every other kind of Builders' Materials in stock at, our Arpley Wharf, or seat by rout, rail, or vessel to any Town or Port lathe Duitel Kinsidom. via CO. SOLE AGENTS for the RUGBY PORTLAND Clgtel Telephone No. 19. Telegraphic Address i•• ArPloV.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0078.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
g§altO bp Zurtton.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
By MR. GEORGE R. BRADY.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
I

BOILER (patent Vertical), 9ft. by 4ft. diameter, with Ver'ical engine. THE CRADLET BOILER Cotirefa. Cmdley Heath.

A 8-HORSE PORTABLE ENGINE for sale or hire,and 01l .1i kinds of machinery for sale.—Joax Boxstaix, Longford' street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
OtarbinerN &v., on gnat.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
; ' 5

DR. J. COLLIS BROWN CHLORO DYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE.. 11LORODYNE is admitted by the Prolessi°:di 0 s- V) be the most wonderful and valuable remedy eVe' covered. „ for pIiLORODYNE is the best remedy know' k_./ Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis, and Asti'Ma. „reglg OHLORODYNE effectually checks and abrooth 4,-.) those too often fatal dit.eases.—Diptheria, Fever, Ague. vete OHLORODYNE acts like a charm in Piarr k_) and is the only specific in Cholera and DysentrY• tacy,9 'I.IILORODYNP. effectually cuts short all at k) of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Palpitation. and Spasms., 01" OLILOUODYNE is the only palliative ill 14e itio, gia. Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, gening &C. From Dr. B. J. BOULTON Co., Horncastle• tatf We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne ' practice lately, and look uPon it as an excellent dire e' witty Id ID tivrt and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain at „,8, tion in whatever organ, and from whatever c 35,10 induces a feeling of comtort and quietude not obta10036111; any other remedy, and it seems to possess this gre'lt_ iesso age over all other Sedatives ; that it leaves no 00') 6 aftereffects. ociant Rail Russell communicated to the College of 11'2,601, that fie received a despatch from her Mejesty'4 Attnilla, to the effect that Cholera had been ragin4,4oll and that the ONLY remedy of any service was u.'" ' DYNE."—See Lancet , Ist December, 1864. 17"11 CAUTION.—BEWARE OP PIRACY AND -- ATIONS, a tate of CAUTION.—Vice Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOO s otef ' Dr. J. COLI.IS Bk(OWNE. was. undoubtedly, the inVe,. fss.! ;1 HLORODYNE" and that the story at the defendan;s, ALAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted i°IS been sworn to.—See Times. 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is lid., 2e. 94., and 45. 60•00µ/r4',,,,.. genuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS 1""„rw110.- CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. OY` lug Medical testimony accompanies each bottle, LO- t,OLE MANUFACTURE39.—J . T. DAVENPORT, "`"

Russell Bt., Bloomsbury. London.

W

solB 4 9 tuaater; ~101 td ;

===== 0002601_18930408_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS LIMITED (late Ormeroh Grierson, and Co. Limite.l), Hnime, Manchester, No: the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAS-%, INGS, Millwright, and all kinds of Enginceeing Ivor: promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on apP"' cation.—Telephone 229.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0084.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A4gL.,

===== 0002601_18930408_art0085.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_ .

===== 0002601_18930408_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
HURDLSS.

, but before 5 on applies' rig manufttO- wrooms, 139

meter, with 1 COMPANY.

• hire,and ell L, Longford- Engineers rders..to., t, Sheffield, MANAGER. BOILER in ire box, WO Iggled. Call fe time pa three 3P oiler Works.

Is. Per y Oil. Jylinder Oa. is., 2s. 3d. ; barrels tree 19 and 20. ents R anted. te Ormerojl, chester, hos° 'LLEY PAS. upply CAST; work ms .rns on APO'

&se Powder' lotion of ID' rater may be' Steam User'• f per ewv•, red for ever/

T E It • 'err NEW ) to 16 HESTg°' 40 more this Establo" woeileg, Um, -ice 6d. price ~A., )ALS.

0N S , RS,

movED 'HINER% ]AM POO'.

ESTIOI;

_ _ _, _ , - • ._ ,- '

Great Britaitl

the milliovil r teeming ly one oi „of fact is

tea in

rt compolso

.." do sell elf,„;./i. deal in It devol es al , tationdPe„nia isible Yalu" ole , ts, wlmse Tea etpeol,lislej ously stool ic businPs9,l'o4l: our teputAviso Btake that' do arantees t 4)

? t„ant,:t.e

• ? nd its Prif,3 and eealed by no. or Leeds, lioe , 31ark of jr,et every Po

oly frig° aviCi 'Led). 13 gilltitt Win coI

4d.. in thie gencies 10 g our '-avAil terprisiDg ICS WindSes 3 other otten Pai° ALIT-EP '• N rTINE• to 'rofessiollois- nedy ever ' , knoWn for7 Lstilnia• .tø 4 Jar and --(h.coP, , Fewer, piarrlicees VlTrraYitecirs pasrus•, in e„u,itio, he, gen'"' eaetle• or rodyne nt direct . -0 ,ain ver .ouie obtni,it ito nosl °'' o eePle of rhr„i Y'' C°II,IrPIY: ; 011 , ,oniiistvaeogo, Lf‘dot r'Afta ted W . ed. Nkrrl;'s ; Isogor r rot riT, 35, 6

Lor sTOO

G2UlH___l>rs' C a public,

risT CcAss't. Sa Per CS 0., 10alit° raft p. 11/41-

stATOS' kept, t.s "„;ci, Unite' CO. '10146 „ wtgot 1110'.

PEOPLE'S PALACE Near the Railway gtation, St. Helens,

I,l°Prietorn The People'e P.,lace Co. tonn, kgattert7t . Director Mr. 11. L. Riley. reta ..... .. Mr. Fred. Loots. Mr. Woreley.

PI!.ST WEEK A GREAT SUCCESS:

SECOND WEEK TO BE A GREATER!

17. V ray EVE ING, NEXT WEEK, AN ENTIRELY

NEW COMPANY in occupy the boards ; INCLUDING

Ti CHLEBRATBD 6 in 1 6in kutober A LEXANDER number TROCPE

OF EUTILESQUE ARTISTES; CLOWN CLEMOLO AND HIS TROUPE OP MONKEYS, INCLUDING

I. HE FIREMAN; " 44 MA AND MIACO ; EatcLAy AND PERKINS;" Tlio Stout Coup; MISS JENNY PRIMROSE; SILLY BILLY ELLIOTT; TISTER3 EAHAM ; &C., &C., &C.

Palace is being kept open as the smaller of Is "Is, Companies had been booked, at enormous for aster-week and the two following weeks ; alt-u. rather th tn break be ween 30 and 40 contracts, I,r' Laces induced the P oprletors to allow the atiatryt to be opened. No disrespect is iatended to the en to ; and everyth'ng possible Is being done their supposed scruples. A fire-proof e tvis b, us ordered ; additional fire-extinguish- Plmt is ty.i,rg supplied to every floor of the boal'co ; and tli, stage is being separated from the cIY of 1' ilaes by a continuous wall a sheet Iron.

POPULAR PRICES:-

4D., 6D., is.

, Pr vate Box (which can be booked by letter or l'(s/3t Card) 103. t, and 21e, ; Slagle Seats 20. and 38,

AAbLi,AtifsmE-

===== 0002601_18930408_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18930408_art0088.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'p

===== 0002601_18930408_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
MARTINDALE'S WALL KNOWN

BLACKING.

LIQUID AND PASTE). ALSO OANDRANGHAII" WATERPROOF

JET LUSTRE AND

KID CREAM

FOR LADIES BOOTS.

IJA RNE.3S COMPOSITION. (THE CEtERItATED HORSE SHOE BRAND)

FURNITURE POLISH &c., ALL OF TUE )31tST QUALITY.

17. HANOVgit-ST., LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE EXAMINER,

SATURDAY, APRIL 8, 1893.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
Demonstrations IT has been known for a long time in Belfast that there are a large number of . persons in the north of Ireland who are opposed to Home Rule. The demonstrations which have taken place this week in Belfast litive done little else than emphasize that fact. It is a question whether the result obtained is worth the expenditure that has been incurred. That money has been lavishly spent over the performance and that no element of success has been omitted which could be bought with hard cash, is evidenced by the fact that amongst the demonstrators, or at all events, arsongst the crowds which filled the streets of the

-rn

===== 0002601_18930408_art0092.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATUEDAY, APRIL 8, 1893.

capital of Ulster, were a large number of " visi- tors" whose appearance on the scene was not, to say the least, entirely due to the promptings of a pure patriotism nor even to an unquenchable antipathy to Home Rule. These visitors were neither more nor less than a party of workingmen —carefully selected workingmen, we may be sure —variously numbered at from five to eight hundred I specially imported from the three northernmost English counties, Northumberland, Durham, and Cumberland. Their fares from and back to their native districts were paid, and their allowance, in addition, was fourteen shillings a day. We do not hear that any onerous obligations were imposed upon them in return for this liberal treatment, but no doubt they will be expected, out of pure gratitude if for no other reason, to enlarge upon the determination of what Lord RANDOLPH Cuußcium. calls the "stern and dour" folk of the North of Ireland not to submit to an Act of Parliament. There is in this country, however,a wholesome tendency to discount the value of bought testimony. Mr. BALFOUR who was, in the absence of his uncle the MARQUIS OF SALISBURYothO central figure of this Orange manifestation, con- demned the Government and their supporters for not recognizing facts. The fact which he wishes to have specially recognised is the hostility of a part of Ulster to the Home Rule scheme. There are however, other and more important facts which claim recognition, and it would be well for Mr. BALFOUR and all those who have been so loudly applauding his utterances to give attention to them. One of these facts is that a majority of at least two-thirds of the Irish people desire and demand Home Rule, and another fact is that, behind this two-thirds majority, there is a majority of the whole of the representatives of the United Kingdom who are convinced that in the interests alike of Ireland and the rest of the-king- dom, Home Rule should be conceded. The " facts " of the situation, then, which Mr. BALForra is so desirous to have recognised bring us face to face with the question whether the policy of the country is to be determined by a majority or by a minority. No one denies to the Ulster minority the right to demonstrate and to proclaim their desires or their grievances in the most forcible manner within the law. They have been invited time after time to state their objections to the Home Rule Bill of the Government, and to point out in what manner it might be altered to their advantage. The Government have displayed a disposition which has almost verged upon weak- ness to safeguard the interests of Irish minorities and propertied classes. -If further" safeguards " or modifications are required let them be formu- lated, and, judging from the past, we may be assured they will receive even more than an indul- gent consideration. What cannot be tolerated is that a minority should take up the unconstitu- tional position of declaring that because it objects to a certain measure therefore that measure shall not beconde law. The British constitution does not admit the right of a minority to absolutely veto legislation ; if it did so the era of pro- gress would be at an end, for there is no measure of reform which does not excite in some quarters a bitter and unrelenting opposition.

Teachers THE annual conference of the in National Union of Teachers has

Conference. -taken place this week at Liverpool, and much that was said and done at it is worth more than a passing notice from those interested in the educational affairs of the country. The address of the President, Mr. C. BOWDEN, of Gateshead, was replete with information and suggestion. A good deal of what he said was, of course, more of interest to teachers themselves than to outsiders, but, on the other hand, there was much that was interesting to the general public. It is, for ex- ample, pleasing tc be told by one so competent to express an opinion that there is less and less to be said each day, of the inferiority of English schools compared with those of the Continent, and that the latest of American writers confessed that r for thoroughness, accuracy, neatness and steady plodding work, English schools were better than those of America. We are told, further, that if a similar comparison were made with European schools the verdict would be the same. Yet, Eng- lish teachers and scholars have some special dia.. advantages to contend against, and one of these, according to Mr. BOWDEN, is the antiquated and complicated English system of weights and measures. The learning of this sys- tem, as compared with the simple decimal system, means "two years of useless drud- gery on the part of the teacher and of weariness and misery and often pain on the part of the scholar." We are told that if a change were made from the old to the new method of computation the arithmetic which now occupies three years in teaching could all ho done in one,at much less cost of time and trouble. With regard to the status and treatment of school teachers there is room for improvement. Some people are disposed to think that, next to the country parson, the village schoolmaster has attained to an ideal existence. But, according to the President of the National Union, this is a mistake—at all events in many cases. The village schoolmaster suffers badly from one-man management, the " one-man" generally being the other village notable—the parson. He is often required to do all kinds of extra work, mostly in connection with the church and choir, and this not as a favour but as a duty. This is not all. Some of the smaller School Boards are even worse offenders than the Rector or the Vicar. "Which of us," says Mr. BownEN, "would not prefer .to be dismissed from our positions as teachers because we would not play the organ in the church or attend the Sunday school, rather than because we refused to marry a petty School Board member's daughter, to trade or not to trade at a certain shop,or because we would not clean the schoolroom or whitewash the offices connected with it at the command of such a Board?" Everyone will agree that the school teacher should be protected alike from the imposi- tions of the clerical manager and the petty perse- cutions of ignorant and narrow-minded members of small School Boards.

It can hardly be said that Mr. BAL- " Stupid Majorities." FOUR was the right man in the right guage was npolta cbee ho bellicose s eenoughvisitt o Belfast.to s. t tHh ei s la veryn- pronounced taste of his Orange auditors, and consequently COLONEL SAUNDERSON came in for a large share of the most vociferous applause. Mr. BALFOUR has written philosophical books, and there is too much of the " pale cast of thought" about his utterances for men who like to talk about "lining the ditches." There is a fine swash- buckling ring about Lord RANDOLPH CHURCHILL'S phrase," Ulster will fight, and Ulster will be right," which Mr. BALFOUR cannot even attempt to emulate. The nearest he could approach to an incitement to rebellion, or rather to an attack upon the police, for that

is what the Ulster " revolt " will most probably culminate in, was what he termed an " abstract an,*l academic" proposition. He did not believe that the Ulster people ever would have to fight for their liberties, but he admitted " that the , tyranny of majorities might be as had as the tyranny of kings, and that the stupidity of majorities might be even greater than the stupid- ity of kings, and he would not say, and did not think any rational or sober man would say, that what was kistifiable against the tyrannical king might not under certain circumstances be justifi- able against & tyrannical majority." This somewhat halting and half-hearted justifica- tion of resistance to the rule of the majority under which we all live, was, we are told, received with" continued cheering and waving of hats." It was not followed,as it should have been,by another "abstract and academic proposition " defining which majorities are stupid and tyrannical—those majorities which seek to apply suitable remedies to palpable and intolerable social ailments,or those majorities which blindly and stubbornly resist all reform no matter how obvious is the need of change.

THEFT OF JEWELLERY AT RUNCORN. During Tuesday night the shop of Mr. Thomas Carr, watchmaker and jeweller, Devonshire Square, was broken into, and a nutnber of gold and silver watches, gold rings and gold albert chains stolen' the whole being valued at about £6O. An entrance had been effected by forcing the lock of the back door, and an inner door had been lifted off its hinges. Unfortunately Mr. Carr had left the safe unlocked, with the keys hanging in the door, and the only barrier to their comfortably carrying off their booty was a ferocious Airedale terrier dog, which, however, they appeared to have easily quieted by some means or other as no alarm was made. The police have ascertained that two of the watches have been pawned at two separate establishments in Warrington, and they hope to secure the robbers in the course of a few days. ,

JOSEPI PRITCHARD has tho beet stock of ladles' silver and geld wat,chss in the town.—Adot. COWARDLY ASSAULT ON A POLICE SERGEANT NEAR

RUNCORN,

At Runcorn Police Court, on Thur,day. before Major Hazlchurst and Mr. I'. Speakman, Wm. Stubbs, of Rock Savage, and Joseph Allman and George,Williarn, Thos. and Alex Jackson, of Frodsham, were charged on re- mand with assaulting P.S. Costello, on Good Friday night. Three of the men were fighting in the Bridge Inn, at Frodsham Bridge, and the sergeant assisted the landlord to eject them. Afterwards the prisoners com- menced to fight with some Runcorn men and the sergeant interfered when they struck him, kicked him, and threw stones at him injuring him severely. His face was much scarred. He shouted for help, but none came and eventually he got away. Later Inspector Cooper and several constables apprehended the prison- ers at their homes.—Mr. Brassey (Chester), defended. The Bench considered the offence a serious one and fined George Jackson and Joseph Allman £2 and costs 14s. id. each ;and Wm. Stubbs and Thos. and Alexander Jackson 30s. and 14s. Id. each. Wm. Jackson was discharged. If you wantyour watch repaired by skilful workraea. take it to PAITCZAJWI3.-4dVt.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
APPOINTMENT OF OVERSEERS.

The magistrates at the County Petty Sessions on Wednesday at the Warrington Borough Court, ap- pointed Messrs. Joseph Humphreys, and John Joyn- son as overseers for the township of Cuerdley.

Joinum PRITCHARD, Watchmaker and Jeweller, 51, Klei- st.. and 4, Bridge at.. Runcorn.—Alvt. VOLUNTEER INTELLIGENCE. Third class firing for "C "Company of the First Volunteer Battalion Prince of Wales Volunteers,will take place at Widnes Range on Saturday April 15 The following appeared in the" London Gazette," "let Volunteer Battalion Prince of Wales' Volunteers (South Lancashire Regiment), the undermentioned Lieutenants to be Captains—F.M. Appleton and R. J. Cliorley, dated March 25th. - • •

UMBRELLAS RECOVERED.—J. and W. DUTTON Sankey-St. Warrington.—Advt. SUDDEN DEATH AT A LOCAL FOOTBALL MATCH. At the conclusion a the football match between St. Helens Recreation and Leeds Parish Church, at t. Helens, on Saturday, and while the enclosure was being cleared, a mason named William Hurst, aged forty-three, who resided with his family at 52, Chorley-street, St. Helens, commenced to vomit blood, and died a few minutes afterwards in the pavilion, to which he had been carried. Deceased had suffered from bronchitis, but was apparently in good health, and had worked that day. . .

UMBRELLAS RECOVERED.—J. and W. DUTTON. Sankey-st. Warrington.—Advt.

PROSPECTUS.

- We would refer our readers to our advertising columns for particulars in respect to the formation of anew company under the tale of The Harvey's Oyster Company, Limited. The object of the com- pany briefly stated, is to purchase two old-estab- lished oyster businesses of Messrs. Harvey and Fearon, oyster dealers, who have oyster beds at Bangor, which possess sufficient space for planting ten million oysters, and licensed establishments in Birmingham, Cheltenham. Derby, Douglas, Dudley. New Brighton, Walsall, Warrington, and Wolver- hampton. The capital of the company is to be £30,000, in shares of £1 each. Messrs. Harvey and F,aron guarantee that t Inn. sales average over three million oysters annually. Mr. Harvey has agreed to guarantee a dividend at the rate of seven per cent, per annum far five years, during which time he is to continue managing director of the company The price fixed for the purchase of the joint pro- perties is £lB,OOO. The company also propose to • purchase three oyster dredgers for use in the Irish Sea and Bristol Channel, and also open up further branches in London, Liverpool, Manchester and other places. Both businesses hitherto have been very lucrative, and been in their respective families many years, and with extended operations will no doubt yield the shareholders a satisfactory divi- dend.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL VESTRY MEETINGS.

WIDNES. The annual vestry meeting of St. Mary's and St. Paul's Churches, Widnes; was held on Tuesday night in the National Schools, Waterloo-road, the vicar, the Rev. G. H. St. Patrick Garrett, S.D., presiding. The state- ment of accounts showed the receipts at St. Mary's Church from offertories to he £159 154. Si. The collec- tions at St. Paul's amounted to £327 Bs. 4+l. The re- ports were adopted. The vicar stated that in addition to the church offertories there had been contributed for other parish work no less a sum than £1,846 9s. 7d. He ! regretted that that would be the last vestry in the parish of Whines he would have an opportunity of presiding ! over. It had been a happy time while they had been , together, as the relations between him and his parish- ioners had been of the happiest kind. The following were elected officers :—The Vicar's warden, Mr. D. J. Brookes ; people's warden, Mr. W. Dwerryhouse ; lay representatives, Messrs. F. Neil, and J. C. Crawford; and vestry clerk, Mr. Cr. J. Joynson.

HALTON. The annual Easter vestry meeting wai held on Tues- day evening in the Girls' School. Mr. J. M. Baguley read the churchwardens' accounts. The balance in hand was £7 4s. 2d., a very 'satisfactory condition of affairs, as the year commenced with a deficit of £35 ss. sd. The choir fund showed a deficit of £2 14s. 2d., and the church improvement fund a balance in hand of £37Ba. 3d. The accounts were passed. The Vicar, re- ferred in eulogistic terms to the late warden, Mr. John Wesley Haddock, whose death took place on March 15th. Mr. Charles Percival was appointed Vicar's warden, and Mr. F. Lathom people's warden. The following were appointed sidemen : Messrs. J. Hancock, Thomas Horton, 11. Haddock, Withingtora, Chadwick, A. Gough, John Acton, son., E. Johnson, Messrs. W. H. Thomason and F. Lathom were appointed lay representatives. L was proposed by Mr. J. M. Baguley, and seconded by Mr. C. L. Evans, that the sum of £lO be contributed from the church improvement fund, as a grateful and free will offering from the parish to the memorial now being raised to the late Mr. J. W. Haddock. This 7V as carried unanimously. RUNCORN PARISH CHURCH.

The annual vestry was held irr the schoolroom on Thursday night. The Rev. Canon Maitland Wood, vicar, presided, and there was a large attendance.

CHURCHWARDENS..

The Vicar n.:minatTe—di‘-fr—...11-.-K—M-e-redith again to act as hit; warden. Mr. E. Key utaninated Mr. Jno. Littler as parishioners' warden.—Mr. J. E. Langsliaw seconded, and Mr. Littler was unanitnously elected.

SIDESMEN.

The following gentlemen were sidesmen by Mr. Meredith :—Messrs. Walter Timmins, Edwin Gre- gory, Richard Abel and Waiter Jones. The vestry then nominated nine gentlemen for the four remaining places, and the result of the voting was as follows: W. Bate 25, %V. H. RQF.,,erson 24, J K. Dit-tces 18, Georre Hewitt 17, W. Crosby 17, T. Nicholls 17, E. Key 16, John Yates 15, W. Neild 8. The first three were elected, but for the I fourth place another poll was necessary between Messrs. Crosby, Hewitt and Ntcholls, when Mr. Crosby was elected by 18 votes. Mr. Hewitt obtained 13, and Mr. Nichols 12. T. MICHAEL'S.

The Vicar expressed great satisfaction that St. Michaels Church was now clear from debt and explained that the balance owing for the building had lx.en provided by the whole of the members of the 'llomtnittee, and not by four as stated in error in the " Parish Magazine." 'fheVicar nominated Mr. Thomas Speakman as his warden and the vestryunanimously appointed M William Cropper, Willia Cropper, peoples warden. The Vicar elected Messrs. Weilton, Plant., and Sherlock, as sidemen for the Vicar's wardens. The following gentlemen were notrinated and voted npon as follows :—M,sirs. Blundell, 24 ; Peacnck, 24 • Clarke, 18 ; Astin, 15 ; worrall, 13 ; Buckley, 12. The first three were elected.

WESTON.

For St. John the Evangelist Church, Messrs. T. T. Sill and E. Aaron were re-elected warde us and Messrs. W. Moores, Mitclieson, J. Farrell, and G. Robinson, sides- men.

THE ACCOUNTS.

_ The accounts presionted iliowed that at the Parish Church the total receipts amounted to £390 6s. 3d., which included forty-five Sunday offertories .£261 19s. 10k1. ; eight special Sunday offertories, £57 Is. id. After paying all expenses there was a balance of £126 12s. 4d. paid to the Vicar for Runcorn Curates Fund.— At St. Michaels the receipts amounted to £lBO ss. op., of which £l3B 2s 41. was collected for ordinary pur- poses and £2l 164. 11? t I. for special purposes. The expenditure summed to the same total, the chief item being £72 3s. sid ,paid to the Clergy Fund. At Weston ChUrch, the receipts a mounted to 5:42 3s. 61d., aid the expenditure to a like sum.—The accounts were adopted.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
_TPLE CHOIRS.

The Vicar proposed rt:-.70t:i‘17)-f—tilanks to the organists and choirs of the three churches of whom he spoke hi high terms of praise for their admirable voluntary lab- ours.—Mr. Digges seconded the motion, which was

unanimously carried. Mr. James Littler's name being specially associ4ted with the resolution as conductor of the Parish Church choir.—Mr. Littler and Mr. Pmvnell responded.

LAY REPRESINTtTIVES.

The following lay representatives were appointed : Parish Church, Messrs. Walter Timmins and John Litt- ler ; St. Michaels, Messrs. T. Speakman and F. A. Lake; Weston, Messrs. T. T. Sill and E. Aaron. Messrs. E. Key and Sherlock were added to the committee to consider the Suspensory Bill.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS

Foote RATE FOR THE TOWNSHIP OF WIDNES. On Thursday, at Widnes Petty Session's, the magis- trates consented to the overseers to levy a rate of 3s.in the £. atitnated to produce £22,308. "ffii: WAS an increa of 1. in the Lou last year. A portion of the borough rate .is included.

Both PRITCHARD'S Shops are under personal supervisien.and Customers may rely upon receivingevery attention.—Adet. THREATENED STRIKE OF JOINERS AT RUNCORN. The joiners of Runcorn have given notice to " strike " on the first of May, unless their employers before that date advance the rate of wages to Bd. per hour. The present rate is 7id.and JOSEPH PRITCHARD, Watchmaker and Jeweller, 51, 111,gii- A., and 4, Bridge-st., Runcera.—Adet. CARRIAGE ACCIDENT AT RUNCORN. On Thursday afternoon a horse belonging to Mr. P. Speakman, J.P. C.C., was attached to the brougham in the stable yard. when the animal became affrighted and dashed into Moughlands-road. The brougham was overturned and much damaged. The horse escaped with slight injury. JOsEPH PRITCHARD keeps spectacles to suit all sights from a shilling a pair. —.Advt. 4IPOLICE INSPECTION AT WIDNES. The Widnes division of the County Constabulary were inspected at their headquarters, Widnes, on Wednesday sth April, by Sir Herbert Croft, Bert., lI.M. Inspector, who was accompanied by Captain Itibotson, the assist- ant chief constable. The Inspector expressed himself satisfied with what he had seen. PRITCHARD'S have now stood the test for SO years, aadquality and first-class workmanship are still guars.uteed.—Advt. SHOP ROBBERY AT RUNCORN. On Thursday morning, at Runc'irii Police Court, before Major Hazlehurst and Mr. Philip Speakman, an elderly man, named Dennis O'Keefe, was charged with stealing One and a half pounds of flour, value 3,1., the property of Ester Lawson, shopkeeper, Devonshire. place, Runcorn, on Monday. He was fined 103. and costs, or seven days. Go to PRITCHARD'S for the best five guinea watch a work- ingman can have.—Adot. NEW POOR RATES FOR RUNCORN DISTRICTS. On Thursday, at Runcorn Police Court, Major riasle- hurst and Mr. P. Speakman affixed their signatures to a poor rate of 10d. in the £ for the township of Runcorn, which is estimated to produce £2,423 164. 9d.—Yester- day Mr. S. Chadwick and Mr. Joseph Handley signed a poor rate of is. in the £ for the township of Weston, estimated to produce £BO5 19s. 9d. JOSEPH PRITCHARD is prepared to Wind and keep la repair. private clocks from 10s. per annuna.—Aivt. CONCERT AT WESTON POINT WESLEYAN CHAPEL. On Tuesday evening, the Weston Point Salt Works Brass Band gave selections of music in the above chapel to raise funds for the liquidation of the debt incurred by the provision of the heating apparatus. The perform- ance was very greatly appreciated, solos were inter- preted by Miss Bebbington and members of the band. The chair was occupied by Mr. Edward Taylor of Runcorn. SUPPOSED DEATH FROM EATING SWEETMEATS AT WIDNES. On Saturday afternoon Edward Whelan, aged ten years, son of Patrick Whelan,cheinical labourer,3 North. et., ate a quantity of buns, oranges, and toffee, and at. night in bed he became very sick. His condition did not improve next day, and his father gave him some whisky punch with no good effect and the boy died on Monday morning. An inquest was held by Mr. Brighouse on Wednesday and a verdict of "Natural causes" returned.

, Imam PRITCNAND'S sale shop is 51,Ifign-5t.. ins workshop 4, Bridge-st.—Advt. FATAL ACCIDENT IN A. WIDNES WORKS. John Nicholson, a labourer, 62 years of age, of 44, Wareing-et., was killed at Muspratt''s chemical works, on Monday. Together with anoi her man named James Mee, .the deceased was engaged clearing some rubbish from the railway siding. Shunting operations were tak- ing place E t the time and the deceased attempted to pass between two wagons,which, being set in motion,crushed I him to death. An inquest was held before Mr. Brig- house, on Wednesday, and a verdict of "Accidental death" was returned. A. WANDERING LUNATIC AT WIDNES. At Widnes Police Court, on Monday, before Mr. Deacon, Michael O'Hara, a middle-aged man, who said he was a seaman, was charged with being a wandering lunatic. P.C. Knox said on Sunday night about eleven o'clock he found the prisoner clutching hold of a rail in Ditton-road and acting in a strange manner. The officer asked him what lie was doing and he replied, "Driving a horse and trap through the hedge." P.S.Strickland and Constables Evans and Thompson spoke to the prisoner's I strange conduct in the cells, and the magistrates corn- witted the prisoner to the Workhouse for 14 days. •

--- - = If yon want a lucky wedding ring go 101, RIOE-ST.,Where you will gets present with ft.—Advt. RUNCORN WESLEYAN CIRCUIT AND THE DIRECT VETO. The Committee of Runcorn Wesleyan Circuit Temper- ance Society have adopted a resolution heartily approv- ing of the Bill to establish local control over the traffic in liquor, and hoping that no effort will be spared to pass it into law during the present session. A copy of the resolution has been forwarded to Sir William Har- court and Mr. Brunner, M.P. It was further resolved to petition th House of Commons to pass the measure through all its stages without any unnecessary delay, the petition to be signed by the Rev. Thomas Wilkes and the Rev. William Arrowsmith, and the secretary.

When in want of a chaste and elegant wedding or birthday present go to PIIITCHARD's, 51, High-it.—Advt. ___

EXTRAORDINARY DEATH OF A CHILD AT WIDNES. On Wednesday, at Widnes Polize Court, Mr. S. Brig- house, county coroner, held an inquiry into the death of an infant,five months old, named George William Evans, son of William Evans, engine driver, of 21, Thomas-st.— Sarah Ellen Evans, the mother, deposed that at the re- quest of Mrs. Wilkinson, a monthly nurse, she allowed her child to be taken to the house of Councillor. Single- ton, Victoria-road, to suckle the breasts of Mrs. Single- ton, who had recently given birth to a child. When the Child was put to the brent, Mrs. Singleton said it was quite " cosy " and had gone to sleep, but when the mother went to take the child away rive minutes later it was quite dead. The child had not had a moment's illness since it was born.—Elizabeth Moysey, mother of Mrs. Singleton. gave corroborative evidence.—Mrs. Wil- kinson, the nurse, in reply to the Coroner, said she had adopted the same course previously, in order to relieve a mother of her milk. She did not think at the time that if a doctor had been sent for, Mrs. Singleton could have ' been relieved of her milk by means of a pump. No force was used in putting the child to the breast.—The Coroner said it appeared to him that the breast being hard, the child had been suffocated ny having its face pressed against it.—The jury returned a verdict of "death by misadventure."

===== 0002601_18930408_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHARITIES.

During the vestry, the Vicar submitted the accounts of the " Alcock and other charities." In answer to Mr. Key, the Vicar said the majority of the trustees of the Liptrot Charity were of opinion that that charity did not come under the clause which necessitated produc- tion before the vestry, but they were willing to show their accounts to the members of the press or anybody else.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FORTHCOMING GILCHRIST LECTU RES AT RUNCORN.

A meeting of the committee having in hand the formation of a Town's Committee to carry out the arrangements for this course of interesting lectures. held a meeting on Thursday afternoon,and adjourned for a week. Mr. J. D. Jones, the secretary, was enabled to present a programme of the lectures, which is as follows :—Sir Robert Ball, " Other worlds " ; Mr. A. P. Laurie, "Waves of water and waves of light " ; Professor Marshall, " Pedigrees " ; Dr. Andrew Wilson, "The heart and the story of the circulation " ; Dr. Dellinger, "Spiders, their worth and wisdom " ; Professor Seeley, "Volcanoes." The lectures will begin on October sth and be continued fortnightly until the 14th December. The lecturers are gentlemen of eminence in the scientific world, and will invest their several subjects with entranc- ing interest

===== 0002601_18930408_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD.

The monthly meeting was held on Tuesday night Mr. S. Taylor presided, and there were present: the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, Messrs. E. unison, T. Handley, G. Moss (clerk).—The School Attendance Com- mittee reported that during the month 62 parents had been summoned befare them and 56 had appeared. Proceedings were taken before the magistrates in two cases. On the motion of Mr. Handley, seconded by Dr. Gastaldi a precept for £450 I was issued upon the overseers.—With regard to the proposed temporary school in Bethsada schoolroom the Clerk said he had received a reply from the Education Department. The communication stating that Her Majesty's Inspector for the district had inspected the building and found it fairly satisfactory for the purpose proposed. A form to be filled up was enclosed.—Mr. Handley said it would appear that the Department would allow the Board to take the school if they thought advisable. There was a want of accammodation for girls, according to the returns.—Dr. Gastaldi said the establishmen:: of a new school would entail great ex- pense upon the ratepayers, and there was only a small number of girls for whom it was said there was no accommodation. It simply meant that the schools were a little overcrowded. It was very probable that the accommodation would not be required when the , Ship Canal was finished.—Mr. Handley moved and Mr. Imison seconded that the subject be referred to a com- mittee of the whole Board--Carried.—The Clerk said there had been the highest average attendance during I March than there had ever been previously. The num- ber on the rolls was 138 more than last year, and the ' average attendance 120 more than last year.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOA.RD OF COMMISSIONERS.

The monthly meeting was held at the Town Hall, on Thursday morning. Mr. F. Wiswall presided, and there were present Messrs. H. J. Grine, W. Fisher, 11. Coward, S. Taylor, D. Bislsrown, W. llankiiison, E. W. Humphreys, J. Meadowcroft, H. Abel, J. W. Lightburn, E. Marshall, (sec.), Mr. Barker (surveyor), and Dr. McDougall (medical officer.)

===== 0002601_18930408_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
HEALTH OF THE TOWN.

The Medical Officer of Health reported that the deaths showed an aver age dealh-rate of 20.11- and exclu- sive of inquest cases of 18* per 1000 of the estimated populatiou.—ln reply to questions, Dr. McDougall said the town was free from everything except what had been imported.

'HIGHWAYS AND BUILDINGS COMMITTEE.

This Committee recommended that on condition of the Co-operative Society relinquishing the plot of land in Windmill-st., contaiming about 121 superficial yards,and allowing the same to be idded to the street, the Com- missioners will curb, channel, and make the footway on the said land when the property is built, and that this said portion of the work he exempt from any further charge when the remainder ot the street is made and completed. The following plans were approved :—Mr. Luke Holmes, for the erection of two houses in York- at. ; of Mrs. Benson. for six houses in Lowland-road ; ' Mr. Caygill, for joiner's shop at the Belvedere ; of Mr. Samuel Cooper, house and pigstyes in Westfield-road ; of the Runcorn Co-operative Society, six cottages in Windmill-sf. five cottages fronting Halton-road, and a seven stalledstable. The minutes were approved on the motion of Mr. Taylor.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
HEALTH COMMITTEE.

The Health Comanttee recommended, that the tender ot Mr. Walter Collier for the supply of provender for the next six months be accepted. The minutes were passed on the • motion of Mr. Bisbrown, seconded by Mr. Hankinson.

TUB LOCAL GOVERNMENT BILL.

Mr. J. T. Brunner, M.P., had forwarded a copy of the Local Government Bill, better known as the Parish Councils Bill, accompanied by the following letter :-9, Ennistnore Garden, S.W., 30th March, 1893. Dear sir, Local Government Bill. lam sending you by this post a copy of this Bill brought in by the Right Hon. H. H. Fowler, M.P., president of the Local Government Board. It contains proposals of the greatest importance to your Board and I respectfully invite them to consider it care- fully, and to inform me as to the conclusions they come to with regard to it. Especially, I beg them to direct their attention to clause 50, which deals with the ques- tions of Improvement Commissioners and to give me advice on the subject.—Yours faithfully, John T. Brunner.—E.Marsha.ll, Esq."—Mr. Humphreys retnarked that lie should like a petition to be sent sigutlyiug their approval of the main features of the Bill reserving to themselves liberty of difference of opinion with regard to details. He moved that they carefully consider the Bill in Committee.—Mr. Lightburn seconded and the motion aa6 passed.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
THE vicalcutin BRIDGE.

The Mersey Bridge Cousimittee reported the result of the meeting of the Committee of the two County Councils with regard to the proposed vehicular bridge, and stated that in view of the small rateable value of the district, the Commitee could not sem its way to re- commend the Board to increase the offer of £30,003 made on the 4th Nov. last. The chairman, in moving the adoption of the minutes, said although this com- mittee could not see their way to increase the contribu- tion which they thought was sufficient, they did not give up the Droeeciition of this work of obtaining a vehicular bridge across the river. The Widnee Corpora- tion had the matter before them, and their decision would be made knowe at their next meeting. The Com- mittee were of opinion that when the Parish and Dis- trict Councills Bill was passed that it would help for- ward the project. For instance, the Rural Sanitary Authority were informed that they coulal not contribute towards the undertaking, bat if that Bill became law, that authority would have control of the highways, and could do se. He thoueht they could afford to wait a little longer. The might incidentally mention that he had received the followieg letter :—Cuitom House, Runcorn, fith April, 1393. Dear Mr. Wiswall.—Perhaps the Com- missioners may be pleased so hear that the port of Run- corn has been raised from the 2nd to the first class superintendent, from the 19th January last. Owing to the increasing importance of the trade on the recom- mendation on the Beard of Customs, the Lords of the Treasury have been pleased to raise the port. Tarn also pleased to inform you that I have been promoted accord- inglv,—Youi s faithfully, S. H. Hamilton, superintend- ent?' That was geed news. It was evident Runcorn was increasing in importance as a trading place, and very shortly they would be in a much better position, and the necessity for the bridge over the river would become more apparent.—Mr. Light burn seconded. Mr. Hrice suegested that Mr. Hamilton should be thanked for his assistance in the past, and congratulated on his promotion. The Chairman said he had done so. The motion was carried. GIFTS FROM MR. BRUNNER. The Free Public Linrary Committee recommended that a suitable label be printed and pasted in each volume of the £5O worth of technical books presented by Mr. Brunner, M.P. That a bookcase with glass fronts hie procured at a Cost not to exceed £lO, for the purpose of accommedatine the technical lineary—about 500 copies. The question of alteration of the hours during which the library is open. It is recommended that as there has been no request from the borrowers for addi- tional facilities to those already obtaining, it is desirable to give the present system a fair trial before altering the hours again. Mr. Meadowcroft and Mr. Lighthurn raised objection to the new departure of placing labels in the books presented, and Mr. Grice thought that per- haps the Board slineld settle what kind of a label should ne obtained, and it was moved that the minute be re- ferred hack. After some discussion, a vote was taken. For the amendment to 'refer the minutes hack to the committee there voted Messrs. Griep, Fisher, Meadow. croft, and Lighthurn-4. Against, Messrs. Taylor, Big- brown, Liankiuson, Humphreys, and Coward-5. The minutes were approved. • GREATLY INCREASED EaTE.—£9oo DEFICIENCY. Mr. Fisher in movirtg. tile adoption of the Finance minutes said he was sorry that they would have to

1 make considerable advance in the rate for the cdming year. Owing to the smallpox epidemic and other things they had a deficiency on the year's working of £9OO. Nightsoil removal and street cleansing were amongst the thing, that had contributed to the deficiency. The Committee had to cut and carve to bring the rate be- low 3s, and they would have to levy a 2s. 10d. rate. Mr. Lightburn seconded the motion and said the smallpox epidemic had been a severe drain upon their finances.— Mr. Fisher moved that the estimates showing a probable expenditure of £7,05715., less an income apart from ' the general district rate of £895. and adding a deficieney of £746, left the amount to be provided £6,908 15s. be approved ; and that a general district rate of 2s. 10d. in the £ be made and collected in two instalments. —Mr. Humphreys contended that the actual de- ficiency was only £746, and-that of this £621 was actually attributable to the smallpox epidemic. —Mr. Fisher still maintained that they were £9OO on the wrong side. The smallpox epidemic cost £585, manual and team labour had cost £lO6 more than WRS estimated, nightsoil £llO, street cleansing £lOO and watering streets £B. That made £9OB .—The minutes were passed.

TOMO AND QUALIFICATION BILL. Mr. Wynne Humphreys moved— " That the Seal of the Board be affixed to a petition to the House of Com- mons praying that the Local Authorities (Voting and Qualification Bill—being a Bill to amend the law relating to votiqg for and to the qualification of members and electors of Local Authorities—be so extended as to ap- ply to and include Boards of Improvement Commis- sioners, and that the same, so amended and extended, may be passed into law during the present Session of Par- liament." " That copies of the resolution be sent to the Prime Minister, the Home Secretary, and the President of the Local Government Board." Mr. Bisbrown seconded the motion.—Carried unanimously

THE TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. _ _ _

In reply to Mr. Humphreys, the Chairman said Mr. Taylor and he had made several attempts to meet with a gentleman to give them a good start in the subscrip- tions for this Institute, but had not succeeded. Practi- cally they had done nothing.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
LA...-AaAlhbgigaiM

SYMPATHY FOR _THE LAW CLIME.

At the commencement of the proceeding's, the Chair- man referred to the great loss sustained by the Law Clerk (Mr. F. A. Lake) in the death of his son, and he moved a resolution of sympathy and condolence.—Mr. Humphreys seconded, and it was carried.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAII

WAGGONETTE ACCIDENT.—ShortIy before nine o'clock on Monday night an accident of a serious nature occurred in Chapel-lane, Frodsham. A waggonette belonging to Mr. Jackson, of Runcorn, driven by Joseph Peacock, Greenwav-road, was coming towards Runcorn, when it came in contact with another vehicle which was passing, the occupants being thrown upon the footpath. Several of them were seriously injured, receiving cuts and bruises about the head, face, and body, also being severely shaken. A baby, twelve months old, had a very narrow escape.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND SEEN AT WARRINGTON.

-- Is it true that there are persons in Warrington who are attempting to take advantage of the in- tention of the Corporation to widen some of the streets in the town, by purchasing property at much over its value? I have heard it said that this is being done, and evidently with the inten- tion of making a hands-me profit out of their 'transactions with the Corporation. It is not im- probable, however, that these rather sharp indi- viduals may get " their fingers burned." Only a short time ago I came across a case of arbitratioa where the sum awarded was considerubly less than had been paid by the persons who had bought the property to mako a profit out of the Local Board. The judge agreed that the price claimed was un- fair.

The numerous friends in Warrington of Mr. W. H Butler, who, a few months ago left this town for America, will be interested in the following extract which is taken from the" Zion Herald" of Boston, of larch 15th. The extract is headed "New England Southern Conference" and reads as follows —" Rev. W. H. Butler, of the English Wesleyan Church, has been appointed by presiding Elder Bar- low preacher in charge of the Wansbeck Church. His participation in the discussions of the Provi- dence preacher's meeting chew him to be a scholarly man and a ready debater." It was, I may remind my readers, the intention of Mr. Butler to join the ministry of the Episcopal Methodist Church of America, and it will be noticed that he has already become entitled to the prefix of " Rev." to his name.

The Rector has now finished his course of "instruc- tions " on the various sects, and the followers of these sects should be considerably enlightened thereby. But why has he left other sects alone in their gross darkness? What have the Presbyteri- ans or the Salvation Army done, that they are not " instructed? " Are they perfect ?or are they toe insignificant for the Rector? The sects, however, which have been "instructed " have not taken that instructicn as they ought to take it from the leader in Warrington of the church, which has such high pretentions. In fact they decline to be con- vinced. Some of them have actually dared to con- trauict him,and,to tell the truth, the Rector appears in some cases to have put up a dummy on a stump to knock it down again. The Rector may also think himself very fortunate if he escapes trou— ble front his own fold, as ,his instruction on the Holy Catholic Church was in reality a defence of the High Church, and what will the Low Church think of it? Would it not be better for the Rector before reproaching Nonconformists of their separa- tion from the Church, to try to settle all divisions within the Church ? as the High and Low Church- men seem, in some cases, more opposed to each other than they are to the common foe.

The annual scene at the St. Barnabas vestry meet- ing took place on Wednesday morning. There was the usual large muster of parishioners, and there were probably more this year than ever, as for some days previous, there had been rumours that there, would be a " lively time." The chief sensation this year, was the defection Mr. Woollacot, the schoolmaster from the vicar, as last year he was his chief supporter, and for this, the vicar taunted him. for his ingratitude, after he (the vicar) had stood by hita during four trials. One of the vicar's party professed to be highly indignant that any but cnurchmen should have anything to do .vita. the election of officers for the church, but this was. effectually rebutted by the answer " Get aisestab•-• lishment then." The two chief opponents sat at. each end of a small table, so that if a resort to. physical arguments had become necessary, they could have been "at " each other without much difficulty. The vestry clerk, Mr. JenkiEs, as usual, was very cool, and declined to commit himself, although he appeared to please the popular sect, as he was overwhelmed at the close of the meeting, with expressions of esteem and regard. I hear that some of the parishioners had teen canvassed to support the vicar for some days before the meeting. but if it is 60, very poor success awaited the efforts of the canvassers as only six persons voted for Mr. Smith's opponent for the eh urchwardenship. The vicar played into the hands of hisopponents by his " too much speaking." Had he been less garrulous, the meeting would probably have been less stormy,. although, no doubt, it was hard to keep quiet when so many charges were being flung about. The meeting which begun and fsr the most part con- tinued like a lion, finished like a lamb. A remark by the vicar, caused a roar of laughter, and this put everyone in a good humour, and from now to the end, there were mutual expressions of good will, and a desire to put an end to an unseemly quarrel and the moeting closed contrary to all expectation, and the sidesmen were elected with scarcely any discussion.

Newton was not troubled very largely with tors this time. Probably the news had gone forth that there was nothing at the end of the visit,more than they could obtain at home. But why tiOnle at- traction is not held out for visitors, I cannot under- stand. There are plenty of tradespeonle who would only be too glad to see an influx of visitors now and again, and would have the greatest pleasure in ac- commodating them with all they required. Of course the chief attraction is the lake, but what is the use of the lake with only two seaworthy boats. The lake is surrounded with Conservatism, and it would perhaps be distinctly unwise to allow visi- tors to flock to the lake and enjoy a sail as in the good old days, when "Sailor Jack "held sway. The working Mall has no need of a holiday, and a little , recreation, away from the grime and smoke of the town. Not he. Ile should stay at home and rwati- cate amongst the chimney pot, if he wants fresh air. Anyway he must not come to NewmtoEnnfoirN.it.

}zons.Tretr.—lntendingemigran sto New York. Boston Philadelohia, San Franeivo. thuctois, Calms, Jan,Aus o- New Zealand, should take ti Ater, (lowest rates) n the " hixarntner" Oifice, byGluon, American. Amin:din - Oriental, ji ether lines.—Jnlin Walker, agent,"Exaral Office, Bewsev-et.. Warrington.—Adet.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0108.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I•••l•NomaiimNlM

===== 0002601_18930408_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
DO YOU ENJOY PERFECT HEALTH?

IP NOT WRY NOT?

Many persons suffer from ill-health and, it may be, are alilicted for years, simply,.because they have transgressed tiIIeLAWS OF NATITRE.

The simplest manner for man to secure immunity from disease la toobserve and follow these laws as far as practic- able. and if illness overtakes him to take as remedies only sutch preparations as are supplied by nature.

. . .. - The only NATURAL remedies are vegetable, and the most renowned and efficient vegetable remedy of the present age is Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. - -

This preparation is now extensively taken throughout the country by pa- tients suffering from weakness, ner- vousness and indigestion, with their numerous and varied symptoms, and its efficacy in all cases of the kind has been successfully established, and Is attested by thousands of testimonials from every district where it has been tried. Its claims have been tested and proved by the medical profes•ion and others, and corroborated by the written testimony of eminent men. The Quinine Bitters contain not only a suitable quantity of quinine in each dose, but the active principles of the following well-known medicinal herbs; —Sarsaparilla. Burdock, Dandelion. Gentian, Lavender. and Saffron. The use of quinine is well known, but it was never ea' isfactorily combined with these preparations until the inventor of these Bitters, alter many and long continued experiments, was able to secure a perfectly uniform combination of all the essenti..l properties of the above limits in their greatest purity and concentration. It is a tonic •• Pick-me-up," scientifically pre- pared in happy proportions, Ciwilym Evans' Bitters are recom- mended by Doctors, Analysts, and Chemists for Weakness, Indigestion, Nervousness, Depression of Spirits, and all Winter Ailments. It is invaluable in restoring strength to

GWYLY3.I

EVANS'

QUININE

B/ T TEES.

GWILYM EVANS'

BITTERS.

GWILYII

EVA.NS'

QUININE

ITT RES.

. - persons who are weak after a long illness

Inf CAUTION—Beware of the numerous'imltations which are being offered Instead or the Gvtilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, and remember that no bottle is genuine unless the name " Gsvilym Evans" is on the label, stamp and bottle.

Sold by all Chemists. in bottles, at le. 114„ 2s. 9d. and 4e. 6d. each, and in cases of three 4s 6d., bottles at 12s. 6d. each, or will be sent for the above prices, free by parcels post, direct from the Proprietors :—Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Lianally, South Wales.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

NOT A SOMNAMBULIST.

Martin O'Hara, a sailor, was charged at the Warring- ton Police Court, on Saturday, with wandering about, and being of unsound mind. He was found opposite the Cemetery Inn, with a crowd round him and acting in a strange mai:men When brought to the police station and questioned he gave very strange answers. It was thought advisable to lock him up. His incarceration seemed to have worked 4 change in his speech for he was able to give the Bench a better account of hirrself. He said he left his ship at Liverpool on Friday, and freely imbibing of beer he went for a constitutional. His little walk extended to Padgate-lane, a distance of over twenty miles, and had not P.C. Clough brought him to the police station he would probably have pro- longed it. In answer to the Bench he said the drink must have affected him, for he did not know when he awoke, but that he was in Liverpool. He felt tired that morning. The magistrates remanded him in order that the medial officer might examine him.

Bi THOUnHT HR WAS IN ARDWICIC. Edward Fell was charged on Thursday at the Warring- ton Police Court, was wandering abroad on Wednesday night apparently of unsound mind. P.C. Clough said that be was called into the Wagon and Horses public house in Buttermarket-street on the previous night as prisoner was in that place and was very strange in manner and made very rambling statements. Ha said that he was in Ardwick, Manchester, and had walked from Liverpool. Witness, however, learnt that he had been lodging at Gallops during the night. He could get no sensible statement out of him and he Was brought to the police station. Inspector Spinks said that when in the police station, prisoner said that he had been at Ohmy's Circus at Crewe. A letter was found from his wife in Ashton-under-Lyne but he begged witness not to write to her. Dr. Cannell had examined him and pro- nounced him to be unfit to be at large at present. Prisoner was ordered to be handed over to the relieving officer.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSAULT CASES.

At the Warrington-l—ogh---CoUrt on Friday, Annie Howard, 57 Chorley-st., was charged with assaulting aad beating Martha Jones, 59 Chorley-st., on the 28th ult. Martha Jones said that as defendant was calling her daughter names, she went to take her daughter's part, when defendant struck her. Defendant was fined 7e. 6d. including costs. Samuel Ball, 24 Dial court, was charged by Clara Lythgoe, 1 Dial court, with commit- ting a similar offence on April 3rd. Complainant said that last Monday,defendant came and knocked her down in her own house. She afterwards had a fight with Miss Kenny,viho keeps company with defendant, and defend- ant came to take his young lady's part, and seized complainant by the throat,and also gaveher a black eye Several witnesses among whom were Miss Kenny, were called to prove that the black eye was caused by the fight with Miss Kenny, and the magistrates dismissed the case ordering each to pay their own costs. George Henry Hollier, 100, Cartwright-street, was charged with assaulting his wife on April 3rd. Mrs. Hollier said that her husband had had a little drink on Monday. When they were going to bed he struck her in the eye, making it black. She wished for a separation. Defendant said that he was vexed at having to wait out- side, as his wife was away and had the key. He was very sorry for what he had done, and promised not to do it again. The magistrates dismissed the case, and hoped the two parties would live together again com- fortably. The wife, however, on leaving the court, said she would not live with him again.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
MIN oit CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT. SsrneDAY.—Before Mr. John Burgess (in the chair), Messrs. John Ged des, T. Birchen, and S. Wright. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—John Kerry, for being drunk and disorderly in Stone-yard, was fined 59. and costs or seven days. MUSIC AND DANCING LICENSE.—Mr. A. Browne applied for a music and dancing license during the sale of work at the Liberal Club. The application was granted. MONDAY.—Before Alderman Holmes (chairman), Messrs. F. Monks, W. Pierpoint, T. Birchall, and S. Wright. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY —John Leonard, Dial-st., Sued ss. including costs ; John Rooney, sear, and junr., Ship-yard, ss. and costs ; Wm. Bate, Smith-st., 55.; Mary Ann Sweeny, Arpley-road, ordered to leave the town ; and for being drunk in Clothall-yard, Michael Sullivan was ordered to leave the town. ALL Tnuorcar THE BOAT RACE.—John Derbyshire and Wm. Dickenson were each charged with sleeping in the enclosed premises of the Spelter works on Saturday night. P. C. Turner gave evidence, but the prisoner Darbyshire said that he was not sleeping out, but he had had a dispute about the boat race, as to the order the boats had come in, and he and his fellow prisoner went to see someone in the spelter works, to have the dispute settled. When they got there they found that the man had gr,ne to his supper, and they were waiting for his return, when the policeman arrested them. Pri- soners were discharged. DESERTION OF FAMILY.—John Manion was charged with deserting his wife and three children on January 24th, and leaving them chargeable on the Warrington union. Mr. Shearer said the prisoner's wife and children were admitted into the house on January 24th, and a warrant was issued against prisoner. Witness found out that prisoner belonged to the Ashton-under-Lyne Union, and he went there, and learned that a warrant had been out against prisoner there also, for desertion of his family, and he had been apprehended and sent to gaol for a month. He was arrested again on his dis- Charge, and brought to Warrington. On prisoner promising to take away his wife and children at orice,the case was adjourned for a week. Teresnar.—Before Mr. W. Owen (in the chair) and Dr. Starkey Smith. Dimwit AND DISORDERLY—The following were dealt with for this offence :—Sarah Crooks, in Tanners-lane, ss. including costs or seven days ; Jane Marsh in Bridge- st., ss. including costs; Michael Cunningham, at Friar's Green dismissed. WEDNESDAY.—Befne Mr. John Fairclough (in the chair), Messrs. J. Geddes, and J. H. Fleming. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—James Sauce, drunk and disorderly in Market-street, ss. and costs or seven days. John and Mary Baldwin was charged with being drunk in Winwick-road at 12 o'clock. Mary was dismissed it being her first appearance and John was fined ss. and COSTS. ASSAULTING THE POLICE.—Peter Hairs was charged with being drunk and disorderly at Market Gate and with assaulting P.C. Barlow in the execution of his duty. From the evidence, it appeared that the man went across the road, and would have been trampled on by three horses attached to a bus, had not P.C. Barlow pulled him away. For this kindness he rewarded the officer by a kick in the back, so seriously that he had to go to the doctor, and was off duty for some time. The prisoner was fined 10s. and costs or 14 days. Mary Griffin was also charged with being drunk and disorderly in Hay- dock-street, and assaulting P.C. Clough. The prisoner was fighting with some other women and the officer went to separate them, when she atygiun several blows on the side of the face. Mary HI en Kerfoot, and Julia Forster also gave evidence as to the assault on the officer. On promising to take the pledge, and pay ss. and costs she was dismissed. APPLICATION. —Mr. Unsworth applied on behalf of Mr. Henry Brown, for permission to sell wines and spirits at theJeruselem Bazaar, in the Gymnasium from two till ten o'6 ck, during the days it is open. The application was granted.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
THURSDAY.—Before Alderman Chandley (chairman), Alderman Sutton and Captain Ridgway. DESERTER.—John Cunliffe was charged with absent- ing himself from the 3rd Liverpool Militia during 1891 and 1892.—Detective Monaghan proved the case and prisoner was fined 40s. and costs or a month's hard labour.—Detective Monaghan received the usual reward. WANTED AT LIVERPOOL.—Mary Taylor was charged with being wanted at Liverpool for stealing some cash and clothing.—Detective Monaghan said that a detective came from Liverpool to look for prisoner on Wednesday for the above offence, as she had relations in Warring- ton. Witness caught her the same night in Vere-st. and I brought her to the police station.—Prisoner was handed over to the Liverpool police. THEFT OF CLOT/DM—Tom Barber was charged with stealing from 485, Knutsford-road, on 28 July last year, a pair of man's trousers, a cloth vest and a pair of boots valued 205., the property of Daniel Davies.—The Chief Constable said that complainant lodged with defendant's grandmother at the time of the theft. On July 28, com- plainant on his way to work, met prisoner in the garden. When he returned the articles were missing. Suspicion fell upon prisoner as a boot which belonged to him was found at the door of the house. Prisoner has been very nearly in the hands of the police several times since then, but managed to escape. On ednesday a robbery oc- curred in Latchford, and suspicion falling on Barber he was arrested and also charged with the theft of the articles enumerated above.—The magistrates remanded the case. Tom Barber was again brought before the magistrates on Friday, and after evidence by the com- plainant, Daniel Griffiths, Detective Monaghan, and Thomas Massey, prisoner was committed to the Quarter Sessions.

Franay.--Before Alderman Wright (chairman), Council- lors Roberts and Fleming, and Mr. Wm. Pierpoint. DESERTER.—John Dunne was charged with being a deserter from the 18th Royal Irish Regiment from Clon- mei. since 1885. P.C. Barlow proved the case, and pri- soner was remanded to await escort. P.C. Barlow received the usual reward.

—.-.-. THEFT FROM A TIL. L—James Kerwin was charged with stealing 2s. from the till of the Blueback, Allen-st. The Chief Constable said that Wm. Rogers, the landlord, saw prisoner leaning over the counter, and the till open. He jumped over the counter and caught prisoner and held him until P.C. Hampson arrived, when prisoner was taken to the police station. Prisoner was sentenced to seven days' hard labour. REFUSING TO QUlT.—Julia Ann Shields, Pilling's-court, was charged with being drunk and disorderly, and with refusing to quit the licensed premises of the Old Crow, on Thursday night. P.C. Lewis and Mr. Paul, landlord of the Old Crow, proved the case, and the prisoner was ' fined ss. and costs, orseven days. MALICIOUS THREATS.—CIara Letitia Lythgoe, of Dial - court,was charged with using malicious threats towards Matilda Bond, 24, Dial-court, on April 1. Matilda Bond gave evidence of the threats, and defendant was bound I over to keep the peace for six months, with one surety ' of £5. ;L:' ME ALLEGED CRUELTY TO A HORSE.—John Bradbury, Winwick-road, appeared on remand on the charge of illtreating a horse by working the same while in an unfit state on the 25th ult. The case was remanded on IThursday last week, owing to defendant stating that the horse stopped by the police officers was not the same 'horse examined by Inspector Dowty, R.S.P.C.A. Mr. 'Percy Davies appeared for defendant.—P.S. Smith re- peated the evidence given last week, and further said that he had been to see the horse, and found it to be the same horse for which he stopped defendant's son.—P.C. Dean also cormborated the Sergeant's evidence.—Mr. Davies contended that defendant's son had been stopped for driving a pony, and not for the horse. He had sold the pony. He also pointed out that the evidence of the witnesses last week was conflicting both as to the colour and height of, the horse. tie called defendant's on and also Wm. Bill, a veterinary surgeon, in support of his contention. The Bench thought there was a doubt in the case, and gave defendant benefit of it, and discharged him.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY PETTY SESSIONS._

WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr.. W. 13.. Bleckley (in the chair),

and Major Pickmere. Doo OWNERS FINED.—The following persons were fined 1 for keeping their dogs without licenses : Thomas Whit- ham, Rixton, on March Ist, is. and costs ; John Hunt, }baton, on the 2ncl ult., ls. and costs : John Corley on I the same date ordered to pay the cost of the summons. William Williams on the 3rd ult. fined ss. and costs; Joseph Coleburn, on the 9th ult., ss. and costs. FURIOUS DRIVING.—Joseph Potter was charged with furiously driving a horse and trap on Warrington-road, Poulton, on the 25th ult. He was fined 10a, and costs. DRUNK.—Peter Tickle, Warrington, for being drunk at Rixton on the 13th ult., was fined si. and costs. James Gaskell, Warrington, for the same offence at Penketh on the 19-h ult., was also fined 51. and Costs. DRUNK. AND DISORDERLY.—CharIes CHIT, and Charles Collins, were charged with being drunk and disorderly at Poulton on the Ist inst. They were each fined ss, and costs. _ _ .

OBSTRUCTING TELE HIGHWAY.—AIfred Jon. Warring- ton, was charged with allowing his horse a.'d cart to stand an unnecessary length of time in Liverpool-road. o the 18th March. He was fined 53. including costs.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

Secretaries of Football Clubs are requested to note the reports of matches played on Saturday must be sent to the head office, Bewsey-street. Warring-ton, not later than ten o'clock on Wednesday morning.

CRICKETERS should procure the 1893 Pocket Diary and Companion published by GEO. G. BUSSES et CO. It is full of information and has the requirements of an ordin.ry Di .rv. Lea, her bound, gilt edges, post free 6d., from the Sports manufactory, Peckham Rye, London.

RUGBY. WARRINGTON y. LEIGH.

There was the usual monotony of forward play at- tached to the first meeting of the above clubs, which rendered the match anything but interesting. For fully sixty minutes out of the seventy played the three- quarters on both sides were only seen on defensive tactics, the bulk of the aggressive work being done by the forwards. The match took place at Leigh, and there was a gate of nearly 3,000 at the kick-off. The day turned out wet, rain falling throughout the game. Warrington turned out as advertised, whilst Leigh had also their strongest team on. Some twenty minutes after the time advertised to kick off

Cook Started, and Heesom was the first to show up with a long punt which found touch at half-way. Scrimmaging was the order until a free kick to Leigh found them trespassing on the visitors' 25. Again Heesom relieved, and this time being ably backed up by Higham and Jolley, Coop was passed before he clould clear. The Leigh back, how- ever,recovered his reputation a minute later, but Boscow duly responded,only to see Anderton return,and Heesom's return being a trifle weak the homesters attacked in strong force,ably led by Anderton and France. Packs were formed under the Warrington posts, and the visitors screwing a scrimmage finely, Jolley came away from the ruck and gathering well put a finish to his effort by kicking toCoop, who placed into touch at his quarter- flag. Exchanges between Boscow and Anderton saw the Warrington custodian very safe, but an eager at- tention towards the Leighite lost a matter of thirty yards. Leigh now displayed some plucky passing, but the Bates for the first time showed up, and play again settled down at half-way. Another spell of rough-and- ' tumble forward play eventually ended in Leigh rushing down the open to Boscow, who met the opposing force finely, and, dodging a couple of opponents, he cleared the danger in fine style. Ashton, Fair Turner, and , Donohue were the leaders in another rush, whilst a smart follow-up by Berry almost caught Prescott nap- ping. Again the forwards monopolized attention, and ten minutes were spent on the popular side in scrimmag- ing and line-outs. Eventually the Warrington half backs got possession, and James Bate, dodging round i the pack, ran finely, and throwing across to Heesom, the latter was knocked into touch near the line. Turner, Jolley, and Nevins were to the fore in another rush, but Lawless having a kick charged Evans stepped in the breach and saved well at half-way. From a line-out Fair Turner took the ball down the open, and charging a kick by Prescott, it looked a certainty that a score would take place, when the Warringtonians over-ran the ball, and a capital chance was thus, lost. The visitors were now having. decidedly the best of it, and after Berry had responded to a run by Evans, Bos- cow with a grand screw kick landed the oval once more on the home lines. Ewan got away from a scrimmage on the line, but fell into the grasp of Jolley, and need- less to add he did not travel very far. A mark to Bosomy saw Fair. Turner having a shot at goal, but only a minor accrued. Frran the drop-out Frank Turner raced down to Coop, and tackled his man on his lines. The next scrimmage saw James Bate defying opposition, and after this he had the ill-luck to ground the wrong side of the line. This was followed by an exciting incident, for John Bate threw across to Heesom, and the latter preferring a dr.ap at goal, the shot fell short, but Evans racing up, fielded the oval finely, and ran in between the posts. To the surprise of the Warrington- ians, the point was over-ruled, and only a minor allowed. From the drop-out James Bate made his mark, and Turner had another shot at goal, sending up the third minor. Evans next charged a kick of South's, and relief came to Leigh when half-time was announced with the score of three minors to War- rington. Fair. Turner re-started, and Ashton led the way to the home quarters, whilst both Bates supple- mented this by shot kicks, which took the game within easy reach of the Leigh goal. Ewan was grassed by John Bate before he could clear, but Coop cleared splen- didly, Boscow's reponse being a trifle weak. The latter, however, redeemed himself a minute later, for, being surrounded by a host of opponents, he cleared grandly, and a lofty Mint saw the Warring,tonians once morekon the aggressive. South took the oval to half-way, but the visitors would not be denied, and another fine bit of play by the Leigh forwards was seconded by Bouth, and when it looked?! big odds on the homesters getting in, Heesom raced in front, and saved In daring style.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0116.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ITy'r

===== 0002601_18930408_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, APRIL 8,1898.

Jolley and Berry were partners in a dribble, whilst Nevins with a short run and kick saw Coop with his hands full. The latter's kick was charged, and War- rington again missed a rare chance of scoring. From a bully opposite the posts Anderton got the oval away, only to see Thorniley lead the way back. James Bate was

All But In

from a dodgy run, but Lawless being baffled by Ander- ton, the Leighites assumed the agressive. Evans, Boscow, and Heesorn defended splendidly, McMasters mulled a pass when there was only Boscow to clear, and Leigh attacked in strong force, but there efforts were confined to the forwards, and five minutes from time the Bates passed splendidly, and Fleesom being the final recipient, the visitor:, once more assumed the aggressive. James Bate next dribbled to Coop, who allowed the oval to ge between his legs, and matters were assuming a serious aspect for the homesters when Anderton saved well. Boscow was again tested, and Taylor appeared appeared certain to score when Evans upset the move- ment, aid a combined rush taking the oval to half-way, the whistle was sounded and hostilities concluded with not a tangible point having been recorded.

Teams:— Warrington J. Boscow, back ; F. Heesom, J. Lawless, and J. W. Evans, three-quarter backs ; James Bate and John Bate, half-backs; H. Ashton, Fair. Turner Frank Turner, J. Jolley, W.Nevins, T. Donohue, J. Berry, J. Higham, and J. T. Thornily, forwards. Leigh : Coop, back ; Prescett, Anderton, and Bouth, three-quarter back; Ewan and Shovelten, half backs ; Smith Board- man Ranson, Eccleston, France, Cheetham, Taylor, Mcdasters, and fliggin, forwards.

WARRINGTON V. ROCHDALE ST. CLEMENT'S. This return match was played at Wilderspool on Easter Monday. The splendid weather accounted for a large attendance, and it was estimated that the gate numbered nearly 5,000. The Warrington team differed in two instances from that which drew with Leigh the previous Saturday, but the Rochdale combination was thoroughly representative. Rochdale kicked off, and a 1 mark to Heywood from a kick by Bandies saw the Saints at once invading. A rush headed by Berry and James Bate, took play to half way, but a clinking piece of combination by the Rochdale forwards was staved off by Boscow. Evans put the homesters on the aggressive. but a kick by Sharrack saw Boscow this time making his mark. Jolley tackled Sharrack before he could res- pond, and then Ashton and Turner, dribbled well, play settling in the Saints' half. Fluky play ended in favour of the Rochdale men. Holmes ran splendidly,and again placed his side on the attack, but his pass to Fair Turner was short. L. Rigg saved in daring style, and from a mark to Boscow, Turner had a shot at goal. The oval was returned, and a fine effort by Evans was almost productive of a score. However, James Bate led up a movement which was taken up by his companion half, and a try resulted at the corner, the kick failing. Berry was almost in the next minute. Rigg mulling a return by John Bate. Halliwell came away from the line, and reached the half-way. A pass from John Bate to James regained the lost ground, and then a spell of give-and- take play followed, Rigg shining specially for the visi- tors, and by degrees the Warrington line was reached, but Boscow forced the Saints to fall back to half-way. , John Bate kicked splendidly, and caused his side to enter the Rochdale qusstess. and a pretty bit of passing by the Bates and Lav, ess wa: supplemented by another display between the Bales. The two last-named again tried their hand with ill success, and following a raid on the visitors' lines came a determined rush,headed by Waugh, which saw the Saints confine play to half way, and the imterval arrived with Warrington leading by a try Turner restarted, and Evans stopped an invasion into , Warrington quarters. Exchange between Boscow and Greenwood were in favour of the latter,and then Holmes and Turner rushed to the Clement's quarter flag. James Bate dribbled to within a yard of the line, Rigg saving, and the homesters being penalized Rigg sent back to Boscow, who forced a minor. Evans responded to the drop out, and Berry missed an opening, but James Bate eventually got going, and passing to Frank Turner, he got in, his brother failing. The Saints had the best of the opening exchanges, and by degrees the sphere was worked to within easy reach of the Warrington posts. The Bates, Jolley, and Bandies placed the game at half- w ty, and now came a sequence of passes which raised the enthusiasm somewhat. Jolley, Highest], Holmes, and Lawless shone in one rush which took place on the line. A fine pass from John Bate was taken by James Bate, but the latter's transfer was not accepted by Hee- som. Evans obliged with a clinking run and pass to Lawless, but the chance was not bakeu. A minute later clever play by the Bates saw John Bate scoring, and Jolley placing the goal. Hill showed up on the restart from centre, but James Bate repeatedly beat the visiting half backs, and Rigg had all his work cut out to prevent ftirther disaster. Hill led up to the Saints invading,and from a tong kick by Rigg, the oval rolled dead. From a mark by Waugh, A. Rigg had a shot at goal, but James Bate gained a matter of forty yards. The visitors would not be denied, and after a threatening attack James I Bate ran splendidly, Flees= being grassed at half way. L. Bigg now put in the finest run of the match, and the result of this brilliant effort was a fine passing movement, initiated by Barnwell and taked up by Greenwood and Sharrack, terminating in Hill scoring at the corner. Final—Warrington, 1-2-1 ; Rochdale, 0-1-1. Rochdale St. Clement's team : L.Rigp„,back ; Sharrack,Greenwood, and Hill, threequartera ; Halliwell and Haywood, half backs : Waugh, H. Rigg, G. Hill, A. Hill, Tweedale, Gor- man,Oddy, R. Ashworth, and G. E. Ashworth,forwards. Referee, Mr. H. Williamson. Weasel:some " A " v. LEIGH "A."—.At Warrington. Soon after the commencement a loose rush by Bailey, Hampson, and Rowe forced the visitors to defend, and although the pressure was temporarily eased, Gibson by a run and kick renewed the attack, Barnes running in smartly and placing a goal. With this reverse Leigh roused up, and keeping the ball tight got a footing in the Warrington 25. Davies, Teare, Lawless, and Brad- bury, cleared to midfield, but Leigh quickly recovered the lost advantage. The game was not of a very excit- ing nature, scrimmages and loose scrambling monopoliz- ing the play until Leigh, by charging a kick, had a ' chance. However, the chance was missed, and Bailey, Gibson, and Davies, relieved the pressure until a long kick by Officier rolled dead. A fine dribble Oy Hampson Bailey,Molyneux and Dakin -Seared the Warrington line, only to see the visitors attack shortly afterwards. Man- nion got the leather away, Pottsand Barnes supplement- ing the effort by taking the game to Leigh quarters. Faulty passing by Warrington threw away several chances, and then followed some long kicking. A strong run by Bailey was taken up by Lally and Barnes, the latter, by good work, forcing his opponents on the goal line, and half time arrived. Directly after the resump- tion,a fine opening presented itself, but Lally's,pass was wide, and the chance lost. (Acing to the greasy nature of the field aid the ball, a lotof fumbling and scrambling play ensued, until a beautiful piece of correct passing between Ashurst, Lally, Barnes, and Potts enabled the last-named to run over. The game was confined to Leigh quarters by loose rushes, Thompson, Dakin, and Davies being prominent. whilst Gibson, taking the ball at full speed was almost over. Leigh then got away to the other end, Barnes saving at a critical moment, but after the visitors had forced two minors, a good run by Por- ter enabled his side to score. Warrington now got a good foothold through Ashurst kicking and tackling Ramsden on the line. Mannion put in a ponderous punt and following up, charged the Leigh custodian, enabling Rowe to score near the posts, which Barnes converted, and Warrington retired winners by 2-1-4 to 0-1-3. RUNCORN v. Sr. HELENS.—PIayed at Runcorn, in grand weather, on Monday before a tremendous gate. Cross started,and Crompton returned to Dougherty,who kicked into touch. The play was fast. The St. Helens team st *wed well for a time Dougherty and Sudlow doing good work, and for a time Runcorn were a bit pressed, but a forward rush by them took play into the middle of the ground, and Anderton, of Leigh, who played cen- tre for St. Helens tackled, Warder grandly prevented a ' return. The latter player, however, kicked finely, the ball rolling behind the line. For a long time the play was very hard, both teams doing their utmost, and Cromp- ton ran the ball up to the St. Helens line, but, slipping, missed the opportunity to score. Play continued very fast, there being very little between the teams. On the verge of half-time, which arrived with a clean sheet, Runcorn had very hard lines. After the interval, the same keen determined play continued a very long time. Each side attacked in turn. Crompton ran and kicked to the line ; but Anderton soon got the ball away, Houghton replying splendidly. Still nothing was scored, and play was very hard, and a more even game was• never fought out at Runcorn, only minors being scored.

TIIEBROOII v. WIDNES.—The venue of this match was changed from Widnes to Tuebrook, but only a poor gate turned up to witness operations, no doubt the rain which was coming down at the start deterring many from putting in an appearance. Half time arrived with Widnes leading by 1 try to nil. On crossing over, the game was of a ding-dong character, and was stubbornly contested all through the second half. At one period the homesters looked as if they were going to equalise. same of the Widnes men being over the line in the "scrim," but when the ball was once loose the visitors put the result beyond doubt as by some judicious passing they gradually forged their way to the other end, where Gordon secured a try, and Drummond converted from an easy place. Final result :—Widnes lgoal 1 try,Tue- brook, nil.

ST. MARY'S Y. WARRINGT"N RANGERS.—At Lovely- lane, the proceeds being for the benefit of the Ragged School. Helsby kicked off for the Saints, who at once pressed. Both sides showed good play, and at half-time neither side had scored. The final score was St. Mary's 1 goal, Rangers 1 try.

_ WARRINGTON 2ND T. DROTLSDEN HORNETS IST.—The return match took place at Wilderspool Causeway, on Saturday. Warrington proved the winners by cne goal (penalty), one try, three minors, to one try three minors or Bye points to two. ASSOCIATION.

RUNCORN v. GARSTON L. AND N.-W. RECREATION.— Played on the ground of the former, before a fair num- ber taf spectators, considering the state of the weather. Runcorn were without Pye, Kidd, Wright, and Paterson, while Garston came one short. Runcorn won the toss, and todk advantage of the wind. Garston kicked off, and the game became pretty even until Arthur Limb, about ten minutes from the start, sent in at the far

corner a lovely shot, thus drawing first blood for Run- corn. Then Runcorn continued to press for some time until Garston broke away, and from a rush by their centre and nght wing forwards carried the ball past Mainwaring,thus equalizing. Even play continued until half-time was reached, with the score—Runcorn, one goal ; Garston, one. On resuming Runcorn, in spite of their playing against the wind,had somewhat the best of the game, and experienced rather hard lines in not scor- ing, several shots being put in, and on one occasioa 'lampoon, from a pass into the centre, healed nicely, though the ball went just outside the upright. Untrue kicking by the Runcorn backs let in the visitors several times, giving comers, but orce the ball, slipping off the toe of one of the backs,was sent tewardsthe goal mouth, and Mainwaring missing his kick, an easy goal resulted for Garston. Still Runcorn pressed, but with all their efforts they were unable to equalize,and the game ended in a victory for Garston by two goals to one.

WARRINGTON V. WINNINGTON PARPC.—These teams met at Winnington Park, Northwich, in wet weather, the visitors being minus Ball, Thornton, Phillips, and Norman, the latter being injured the thy previous at Saltney. The Warring,tonians were handicapped through Mather and the inside right being partially disabled. These are the scores :—Winnington Park, three goals ; Warrington, nil. Warrington team: Bannon, goal ;J. Mather ,(captain) and Dutton, backs; Brookes, Forbes, and Parrott, half backs ; Thompson, Radford, Hazard, T. Mather and Nicholas, forwards. WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT MEDALS COMPETITION.

SECOND ROUND. Pi7ARRINOTON V. PENKETH.—These teams met at Pen- keth on Monday to play off the above tic A fast game ended with Warrington three goals, Penketh nil. On Saturday in the same competition, Lymm defeated Warrington North End by three goals to nil, and Orford Barracks beat Orford Crescent by two goals to nil.

ensuing year. Mr. Smethurst was re-appointed parish- ioners' warden ; Messrs. William Lawless, John Hayes, Joseph Lawless, William Chantry, and Thomas W. Chantry, and Dr. Adams were re-appointed sidesmen. Mr. Sutton re-appointed Mr. C. Asharst as his sidesinan, and Mr. Sibethurst appointed Mr. Thomas Morris to act in a similar capacity. The Chairman made a. statement with regard to the falling off in the amount of Sunday evening collections. The amount last year was £92 Bs. 3.±.d., this year it was £B2 4s. 70., or a falling off of about £lO. -Me had carefully examined all the offer- tories, and found that the apparent falling off was ow- ing to the good nature of the churchwardens in foregoing certain offertories and allowing collections to be made for other purposes. The total amount collected during the year, from Easter to Easter, had been 344. more. Messrs. W. Richardson and D. W. Finney were re-appointed lay representatives to the ruri-deaconal conference. Votes of thanks to the churchwardens, to the chairman and assistant clergy, to Messrs. Bebbing- ton (clerk), and Hough (apparitor), and Mr. Jeans (ves- try clerk), concluded the proceedings,

===== 0002601_18930408_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL VESTRY MEETING.

APPLETON TFIORN CHURCH.

The Easter vestry meeting was held on Monday. The Rev. Gordon Robertson presided in the absence of the vicar of the parish, the Rev. Halcott Ash. Mr. Barber and Mr. D. Percival were re-appointed churchwardens, and the sidesmen are Mr. Brocklehurst, Mr. Hardy, and Mr. Edwin Britch ; and the organist, Master F. Jones. The best thanks of the meeting were accorded to the decorators of the church, and to the kind contributors of flowers, funds, &c., to the members of the choir, the churchwardens, and the Rev. Gordon Robertson, as chairman.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
WINWICK CHURCH.

The annual Easter vestry meeting of the parishioners was held in the vestry of the Parish Church at Winwick on Monday morning, and then by adjpurnment in the reading room at the Winwick Club. There was only a small attendance, including the Rev. Canon Penrhyn (rector and rural dean), the Rev. W. Williams (curate), Messrs. J. Swinton and J. E. Worsley (churchwardens), T. Warburton and P. Longton (sidesmen), E. C. Cooper, R. Clarke (vestry clerk), J. Crane (parish clerk), &c. Mr. Worsley submitted the accounts of the churchwar- dens for the past year. Mr. Swinton was re-appointed rector's warden - Mr. Worsley, parish warden ; Messrs. T. Warburton and P. Longton, sidesmen ; Messrs. T. Comber, J.P., and J. E. Worsley, lay representatives •, Mr. Clarke, vestry clerk, and Mr. Crane, parish clerk and sexton. The Rector then addressed the meeting at length on the Welsh Suspensory Bill, &c., which he con- demned.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
CROFT CHURCH.

The annual Easter vestry meeting was held in the vestry of Christ Church, Croft, on Tuesday forenoon, when there was only a small attendance, including the Rector, the Rev. H. 1. Wadeson, M.A. (who presided), and Messrs. W. Priestner and R. Turner (churchwardens) R. Owen, sen., T. Southern, A. Dixon, and D. Waywell (sexton). The churchwardens submitted their accounts for the past year, which showed the receipts (including a balance at the beginning of the year £3 6s. 4d.), to be £4l 18s. 9d., and the expenditure £4O 5. 3-0. The accounts were passed. The Rector re-appointed Mr. Priestner as his warden, and Mr. Joshua Ball, of South. worth Hall, was appointed people's warden. Mr. S. Thomason and Mr. H. E. Southern were elected sides- men. Mr. Southern introduced the subject of raising the seats in the centre of the church, and announced his intention of giving a substantial donation towards the work. The question of the raising of the organ and other slight improvements to the church was blso dis- cussed and left over for future consideration between the Rector, churchwardens, and sidesmen. The meeting closed with the usual votes of thanks.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE CHURCH.

The annual Easter vestry meeting in connection with Christ Church, Pad gate, was held in the vestry on Mon- day morning. The Rev. J J. Langharn (vicar) presided and amongst those present were Messrs. W. Royston, J. W, Fowles, William Houghton, G. Mather, John Hough- ton, W. Hodgkinson, James Houghton G. Hatton, Thomas Houghton, and W.Newton. The Churchwardens accounts were audited by Messrs. G. Mather and James Houghton. The receipts showed a total of £55 ss. 5d., and an expenditure of £53 lls. 11d.' leaving a balance of £1 /3s. 6d. The Vicar submitted his communicants' account, and remarked that the church had collected during the past year the grand total of £lll 15s. 4d., made up as follows : Churchwardens' account, £5555. sd. ; special collections, £4l 9s, ii. ; and com- municants, £l5 03. 10d. Mr. William Royston was appointed vicar's warden, and Mr. J. W. Fowlea was appointed people's warden. The vicar nominated Messrs. William Houghton and William Hodgkinson as sidesmen and the meeting also nominated Messrs. George Mather, and J. W. Beevers sidesmen, and Messrs. Joseph W. Houghton junr. and Geo. Hatton were appointed extra sidesmen. Messrs. Royston and William Houghton were appointed lay representatives on the proposition of Mr. Fowles.

HOLY TRINITY CHURCH. The vestry meeting of the Holy Trinity Church, was held on Tuesday night, the Vicar (the Rev. E. C. E. Carleton), in the chair. There were present Messrs. G. F. F. White, J. Hesketh, Rowson, Harrison, Hoult, McGregor, Hatton, Welsh, Dunbabbio, Harding, James Fairclough, and Jefferson. Mr. McGregor read the financial statement which showed that the income for the yeaewas £273. Owing to the extra expenditure, caused by the pointing of the church, there was an adverse balance of £l5. The vicar considered this to be a very creditable state of affairs when the large expendi- ture in the alterations of the church could be borne with- out any special appeal to the public. He regretted that Mr. McGregor did not wish to be his warden during the coming year,as he had done good work during the past, he would therefore nominate Mr. Welsby as his warden. Mr. James Fairclough was unanimously elected people's warden. The following sidesmen were elected Messrs. J. Hatton, R. W. Rowson, John Halton, Edwin Gaskell, U. Floult, J. Harding, E. Booth, Dunbabin, John White E. Rose, J. flesketh, J M. Beacon, W. J. Forshaw, H. J. Westbrook, Peers, senr., Pickstone, Flollev, and Warbur- ton. The last four are to officiate at St. "Luke's Church, when it is opened. Messrs. Rowson and Dobson were appointed lay delegates to the Ituri deaco nal conference. Mr. G. F. F. White, vestry clerk; and E. A. White and Harrison, auditors. A vote of thanks was accorded to the retiring Wardens, the organist and the choir, for their services during the past year. Mr. Jefferson, the parish clerk, on the motion of Mr. J. Fairclough, had his salary raised to £lO a year.

ST. JAMES CHURCH, LATCHFORD : A COMPLAINT

OF SMALL OFFERTORIES.

St. James Church annual vestry meeting was held in the vestry, on Monday morning, when there were pre- sent the Rev. F. Slater (in the chair), Mr. C. Sawkins Burgess, (vicar's warden), Mr. P. Hutchinson, J. Mill- wood, Mr. J. H. Warburton, (sidesmen) ; and Mr. Stansfield. The accounts for the year showed receipts including ninepence in hand from last year amounting to £234 is. 10d., and the expenditure including a sum of £l2 in hand amounted to £234 Is. 10d. In reading these accounts Mr. Burgess said he felt honoured at be- ing selected as Vicar's warden for so many years, but he had accepted office this year with some amount of trepidation. The Church would require to be very much repaired both externally and internally, and there was little prospect of securing the wherewithal to carry out this. He also complained of the small offertories which were taken in the church and said that out of the total of £234 they had obtained £7O from outside. The collections that year had been somewhat better than in other years.—The Vicar nominated Mr. Burgess as his warden for the ensuing year, and then read a communi- cation from Mr.Tauranac,people's warden,who had gone to reside in London. The writer regretted that he had to sever his connection with St. James', and said he should have been nleased to attend the meeting if possi- ble, but added " I shall be otherwise engaged, however, and so shall think of you. About the time your meeting is being held I shall be leading a bride to the altar." (Hear, hear.)—Mr. Warburton was appointed warden in the stead of Mr. Tauranac. Messrs. Venn, Jackson, Shaw, Cotton, Millwood and Stansfield, were appointed sidesmen, and Messrs. Houghton, and Burgess lay representatives to the ruri-deaconalconference.

ST. PAUL'S. 0

The annual vestry meeting in connection with St. Paul's Church was held on Monday morning, the Vicar (the Rev. H. V. Pigot) in the chair. Amongst those present were the Revs. T. M. R. Young-Hughes and J. Forbes (curates), Alderman Sutton (vicar's warden), Councillor James Smethurst (people's warden), and Mr. W. D. Jeans (vestry clerk). The accounts which were passed showed that the receipts amounted to £156 17s. (including a balance of £9 18s. 10d. brought forward from last year), and the expenditure to £l5l is. leaving a h.dance in hand of £5 15s. 64i. Mr. Smet burst explained that sundry extra expenses had been in- curred during the year, or the balance would have been larger. A heating apparatus has been put in, and it was now in w-rlect working order. The Sunday evening collections had realized £B2 4s. mi., the wardens' rents £l7 Sc. id., the harvest festival £22 10s. Old. The Vicar appointed Mr. Tho Mas Sutton as his warden for the

===== 0002601_18930408_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
EMMANUEL REFORMED CHURCEL

The annual Easter Vestry meeting of the above church was held in the church parlour, over Arpley Station, on Thursday evening. The chair was occupied by the Rev. E.T.Reed. Amongst those also present were Mr. and Mrs. H. Gandy, Mr. and Mrs. Norman, Messrs. S. Lees, S. Page, T. Gandy, J Allen, W. Atherton, A. Dickens, J. Heron,. imar., Mrs. Reed, Mrs. Allen, Mrs. Parsons. The accounts for the past year, in connection with the Church, School, Young Men's Bible Class, Young People's Society of Christian Endeavour, Band of Hone, Young Women's Bible Class, Book. Fund, &c., were sub- mitted, and were considered satisfactory. The total re- ceipts in the church tor the year were £2BO. 3s. 2d.; payments £277 s. amount overspent £1712 aid. The total amount collected from all sources during the year was £444 51. 7d. including a sum of £.123 19s. which had been received towards the reduction of the b ,ilding fund debt, leaving a balance of debt amount- ing to £221,. and on the Sunday School amounts Lti 7s. '[lie accounts were passed on the motion of Mr. Gandy, seconded by Mr. Atherton. The Chairman in moving a vote of thanks to the wardens for their work during the past year, said that in connection with the church they had had a year of difficulty in many ways, but it had been a year of wonderful encourage- ment, whether in the work of their ehurch, or in the schools they could see reasons for very great encourage- ment, and the difficulties which confronted them twelve months ago had been overcome one by one, as they had had to meet them. The resolution was carried unani- mously. The chairman then nominated Mr. Page as his warden for the ensuing year. Mr. Lees was appointed people's warden, on the proposition of Mr. Allen, second- ed by Mr. Gandy. Mr. Page nominated Mr. Norman as his sidesinan, and Mr. Lees nominated Mr. Henry Gandy, Mr. A. Dickens, and Mr. VI. Atherton, were also elected sidesmen. The following were elected vestrymen.:. Messrs. H. Gandy, W. Parsons, F. Gandy. J. Allen, E. Allen, W. Atherton, and J. Ashbrook. Votes of thanks to the organists, secretary, and the chairman concluded the meeting.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. ANNE'S CHURCH: "A DEAD LOCK."

The vestry meeting in connection with St. Anne's Church was held on Tuesday morning. The notice announcing the meeting stated that the business of the vestry would be commenced at 10.30, but the Vicar (the Rev. J. G. Richards) did not take the chair until eleven o'clock. There were then also present Messrs. H. Wood (vestry clerk), T. Rigby, J. Baird, James Baird Gibbon, Friar, Bagnall, Bandies, and F. Taylor. Mr. Woods having read the minutes of the last meeting, announced that the next business would be the appoint- ment of a vicar's warden. The Vicar : I nominate Mr. Peter Aldred as my warden. Mr. Woods : The next business is the appointment of peoples' warden.—The Vicar (after a considerable pause) : I beg to propose Mr. Rigby.—Mr. !Rigby : I decline to accept any office in connection: with the church.—The Vicar : Will you accept the office Mr.

Baird.—No sir, I cannot see my way to accept any office.—The Vicar : Mr. James Baird, will you take the office.—No sir, I must decline.—The Vicar : This is a nice predicament. We are at a dead lock. Mr. Friar won't you take the office of warden.—No sir, I don't care to.—The Vicar : Why P—Well, I'm not a parish- ioner.—The Vicar : You are.—No. I am not sir. I am in lodgings and have not got a vote.—The Vicar : But that doesn't matter.—lt does to me, sir. I rPfuse to take any office from private reasons.—The Vicar then asked the Vestry Clerk what would have to be done under the circumstances, and the Clerk replied that they could only enter a minute to the effect that there was no qualified parishioner present who would accept the office.

The next business was the appointment of sidesmen. The vicar appealed to the whole of the meeting individu- ally but met with the same answers—no one would accept office.—The Vicar: Dere you are again ; at a per- fect deadlock. Can't we postpone the meetiry, Mr. Woods.—No sir. Our next business is the appointment of lay representatives to the ruri-deaconal conference.— The Vicar : Am I privileged to nominate anyone.—Yes, you area parishioner.—The Vicar : Then I propose Mr. Aldred.—Mr. Dagnall : I will second the motion.—The Vicar. That's it Dagnall you are becoming useful. The proposition was then put to the meeting hut no one seemed to care be vote either for or against the appoint- ment of Mr. Aldred.—The Vicar : What are we to do when a meeting absolutely refuses to vote Mr. Woods ? I don't know.—The Vicar: Its a pity we havn't got the power at a vestry now that we used to have in the olden times. We are at a perfect deadlock.

At this juncture, Mr. Stringer left the room. The Vicar asked where he could be going to.—Mr. Rigby (looking at his watch) : He is going to business I expect. I have come here at great inconvenience—in the middle of the morning, and we were kept waiting outside for half an hour.—The Vicar : Is there any other business of the parish to be transacted P—Mr.Wood :—No.—The Vicar : Chen there's nothing more for the reporters P—No.—A Reporter : I presume you require the press to leave the room .—The Vicar : Yes.—The reporters then retired.

ST. BARNABAS CHURCH. -Â STORMY MEETING.

The annual vestry meeting of this church was held on Wednesday morning, the vicar (Rev. G. Allton) in the chair. There was a crowded attendance and among those present were Mr. Jenkins (vestry clerk), Messrs. R. T. Smith, R. Proud, W. Proud, Wocllacot, Benjamin, B4ttersby, Haley, Princep, W. Smith, Fanshaw, and Tkrossal. THE NOTICE OF MEETING.

Mr. Jenkins read the notice convening the meeting. Mr. Proud : Was tkat posted on the door according to law P—The Vicar : Yes, on the west door where we _ _ . . _

_ always put it.—Mr. R. r. Smith: Is it not a customary thing that the church wardens shculd sign the notice convening the meeting ? Mr. Jenkins; It does not mat- ter at all. It is perfectly regular that the notice con- vening the meeting should be signed by the vicar alone. It is quite a matter of taste.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
AN INCONVENIENT TIME.

Mr. Benjamin (to the vicar) :Bow is it that you should call the meeting at such an inconvenient hour for the parishioners ?—Mr. Battersby : I intended to bring that forwaro. I think it wrong to summon a body of workingmen at such an untimely hour. (Hear, hear.) If we must attend here, we neglect something else. I think the officers of the church should arrange matters for the convenience of the majority of the parishioners. (Hear, hear.) I move that this meeting stand adjourn- ed until to-night. Mr. Jenkins : You are out of order. The business of this meeting is to elect two churchwar- dens and four sidesmen. When you have disposed of that business, you can discuss other matters.—Mr. Proud :Is Mr. Jenkins parish clerk ? He was not appointed last year.—Mr. M. T. Smith : As an officer of this church, I do say that a church vestry meeting ought to be appointed at a convenient time for the working- class to have a fair opportunity to attend as ratepayers of this parish. Mr. Battersby : I have moved the motion and shall persist in it.—The Vicar : You are out of order. I call—Mr. Battersby : I again move that this meeting be adjourned until seven o'clock.—The Vicar: We always have our meetings in the morning in this town.—Mr. Benjamin : There was one last night.—The Vicar : This must always be in the morning,—Mr. Jenkins : It would be hard to please everybody, although I think an even- ing meeting to be the most sensible. (Hear, hear.)— Mr. Bat :ersby : If we have power to transact business, we have power to adjourn.—Mr. Princep : I don't think it is fair to the clergy and to members of the Church of England, that anyone should have a voice in the election of officers.—Mr. Benjamin : Get disestablished then ! Mr. Smith : The meeting should be constituted of rate- payers, whether church or chapel, independent or sect altogether.—Mr. Battersby: I withdraw my resolution, hoping that it will be considered in the future.—Mr. Jenkins then read the minutes of the last meeting. Mr. Smith : I was appointed a lay representative last year without my knowledge. It was not brought for- ward at the meeting, and is not recorded in the minutes. How is that ?—Mr. Jenkins : Because it was not men- tioned at the meeting.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CDURaWARDENS: THEIR DUTY.

The Vicar : The next business is to elect two church- wardens for the parish, who will fulfil their duties in the parish of this church. If anyone will make a nomination I shall be pleased.—Mr. Princep : I have a gentleman to propose, but before I make that proposition I should like to ask what are the duties of the churchwardens, and have the late churchwardens done their duty according te ecclesiastical law P—Mr. Jenkins : I would recom- mend you to buy a book on the subject, it is only 7s. 6d. It is too much to read at this meeting. (Laughter.)— Mr.Princep : I understand the late churchwardens have not done the duties of their office. They have not re- ceived any subscriptions, and they have paid no bills whatever. Has Mr. Smith paid any bills during the last twelve months P—Mr. Smith : I will answer that ques- tion. I was duly appointed churchwarden of this parish last vestry meeting. Mr. A. Byrom, the Vicar's warden, did not subscribe to the declaration required, and the money collected in the parish was deposited in the safe until such time as my co-warden subscribed to the declara- tion. In the meantime, the Vicar paid several items, independent of the churchwardens. He never brought a single account before me. and never consulted me about a single pas ment.—The Vicar : I may say that I paid the gas bill, as I received a notice (which the Vicar read) that the gas would be cut off, if the churchwardens did not find the money. I have other letters which I

might read, but you are not my congrention. I shall bring them before a church meeting. 1. have got re, ceipts for all the money I have spent. I may tell you in all kindness, that as long as Mr. Smith is in ofilt,T, quar- relling with the Vicar, there will be no good done in this church. lam determined that I will never again keep another account. If the account is on the vestry floor I will not pick it up. During the time I have had the management of the church I have kept it entirely tree from debt, and we have a balance of 9s.—Mr. Benjamin : Has the account come in for the paving of the street be- fore the school ?—The Vicar : I cannot say. Will some one propose a people's warden ?—Mr. Smith: Will you nominate your warden P—The Vicar declined until the people's warden was elected.—Mr. Princep proposed Mr. Wm. Burton, and Mr. Win Hill seconded.—Mr. Lewis Eden proposed, and Mr. Bailey seconded the nomination of Mr. R. P. Smith. THE STATE 07 THE SCHOOLS : BOARD SCHOOL SUGGESTED. The Vicar was about to put the two names, when Mr. CVoollacot said he desired to support the nomination of Mr.R.T.Smith as a churchwarden,because by that office he would be manager of the day school. It was a most impor- tant thing to get right and proper men as wardens, in order that the school might be properly managed. The day schools had been very much mismanaged. There should be five managers of the school, but the Vicar had taken upon himself to act without them. The Vicar dis- missed teachers, not paying their salaries for months 'together, and there had been no fire in the school since Christmas.—The Vicar : That is a, school question.— Mr. Woollacot : But it is one of the most important duties of the wardens of the parish.—Mr. Jenkins sup- ported Mr. Woollacot's contention.—Mr. Woollacot, con- tinuing, said form 9 was sent down by the department to be filled up. It was filled up by himself, and ought to have been filled up by the Vicar. The vicar called a meeting to his house about it, at the time when there was illness at his house. They were very sorry for that illness, but was that a proper place for a school manager's meeting ? The managers of course refused to attend. The vicar was called to a meeting at the school three times, but would not come, and sent Mr. Smith a very insolent reply. Was that a proper way to meet a church- warden ? (" No ! ne !") Some of the teachers were starving. He had not had any money himself for a long time. (Shame.)—The Vicar in reply alluded to the fact that he had stood by Mr. Woollacot in four trials, and said that the blame for the delay in the filling up of form 9 rested on the shoulders of Mr. Woollacot. It would be necessary to have a school board„if the managers could not conduct the present school, but he had not asked the Town Clerk to form one.—Mr. Smith : You should allow the managers to conduct it. You act as if you were everybody.—The Vicar: It is you Mr. Smith who does that.—Mr. Smith : You should treat your managers fairly and do your busines-, in a straight- forward manner.—The Vicar : The solicitor has advised me to do as I have done. I should be thankful to get out of the" job "of the schools. I. want to have noth- ing at all to do with them, but I cannot get out of them as they are church property.—Mr. Eden said his children went to the school and complained of there being no fire.—Mr. Haley asked if the vicar would not promise to co-operate with the majority of the managers in the coming year so as to create a better feeling.—The Vicar Yes, I will in everything that is legal.—The names of Mr. R. T. Smith and Mr. William Burton were then put to the meeting, and Mr. &pith was elected by an over- whelming majority, only six voting for Mr. Burton. The Vicar appointed Mr. Thomas Henry Griffiths-as his war- den.—Mr. Battersby asked if Mr. Griffiths was not a singer in the Unitarian Chapel.—The Vicar : He is a churchman, and I am glad to get him to work with Mr. Smith.

Messrs. William Burton, William Throssall, William Fairclough, and Mr. Charles Princep were appointed sidesmen.

" ALLS WELL THAT ENDS wntt."

The Vicar in concluding the business said that through- out the past year, in spite of all that had been said of the church, there had been satisfactory progress. A person had presented them with a manual organ har- monium,and the services had been verybright,and another person had punted the outside of the church free of ex- pense. He hoped that those present would assist Mr. Smith and the other officials to help in making the church more prosperous. He wished to come to an agreement with Mr. Smith, and to put an end to these quarrels. He should object to nothing unless it was against his prin- ciples,--Mr. Smith replied, and expressed his thanks to the Vicar for his kind remarks.—Several present also ex- pressed their regard to Mr. Jenkins for the able way in which he had acted as vestry clerk. The proceedings then terminated.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0126.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
P. 418 1 c'

===== 0002601_18930408_art0127.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
VP; I

===== 0002601_18930408_art0128.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
it',

===== 0002601_18930408_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
FARNWORTH PARISH CHURCH.

The annual vestry was held iu the chancel of the church on Monday evening. The Rev. J. Wright Wil- liams, vicar, presided and there was a good attendance. The Chairman in opening the proceedings expressed the pleasure he felt in thus meeting the parishioners for the first time in vestry assembled. The warden's accounts read by Mr. .1. L. Hunter, showed total receipts £ll3 15s. Bd., and after paying all expenses there was a balance of £2 13s. ld. A discussion arose as to some Ditton land tax of £1 18s. 6d. per annum, which was four years in arrears and the tenant had now left. The Vicar said he had ascertained that by a deed executed some years, Mr. Brock and Mr. Carey were the trustees of the tax.—Mr. Kidd said they could recover the tax from the landlord if the tenant did not pay.—The Vicar thought if they left the matter in the hands of the trus- tees it would be followed up.—Mr. Brock said he, with his co-trustee, wduld do everything possible to recover the money and to get the tax properly paid in future.— The Vicar also informed the vestry that a small book had come into his possession which had solved the mystery of the origin-of the £l5O invested in consols,and of which the church wardens regularly received the interest from the bank. In 1804 £267 was subscribed for the purchase 1 of an organ for the church. The organ cost £lB4 178.10 d. and the balance of £B2 94. 4W was invested in the three ' per costs. The sum was equal to purchasing £l5O of that stock.—Mr. Thorpe considered that the interest ought to have been allowed to accumulate instead of being devoted towards paying church expenses. They would now have had a good sum towards purchasing the new organ that was needed.—The Vicar pointed out that the interest had been used towards paying the organists salary since 1807.—The subject then dropped. —The Vicar appointed Mr. John Brock. J.P., as his war- den and the meeting appointed Mr. Thomas Fletcher, warden for Bold, Mr. G. I. Neil warden, for Cuerdley, and Mr. W. B. Longton, warden for Cronton.—Messrs. T. Shuttleworth and S. Hoyle were elected lay represen- tatives. The following sidesmen were elected :—Messrs. ' P. Longton, Joseph Glover, Thomas Baker, C. E. Barlow, H. Brown, A. Bradshaw, T. Carlile, J. W. Davies, Thos. Fletcher, E.Guest,S.floyle,J.L.Hunter,W.Jones, R. Kidd, J.R.Len,H.S.Lea,F.S.Lea,W.S. Pritchard ,T.Shuttlewort h, C.Whitfield, A. Kidd, Thomas Warburton, A. Thorpe, T. Knowles, and A. Harrison. Votes of thanks were ac- corded to the wardens, sidesmen, and other officers of the church for their services during the past year.

FRODSFIAM PARISI CHURCH. EXTRAOIDINARY PROCEEDING&

The annual vestry was held on Monday, in the Kings- ley Chapel. The Rev. R. B. Blogg, vicar, presided and there was a large attendance.

THE FIRST BREEZE. At the outset Mr. Robert Foulkes protested against a meeting being held in that place on that day and at that hour. In 10 other parishes the meetings were held on a week day " and were held in the schoolroom§ in the evoning.—Mr. C. G. Linaker, Vicar's warden, replied that it was a duly convened meeting of the parishioners, and he ruled Mr. Foulkes out of order.—Mr. Foulkes: The vicar is chairman of this meeting. I wont be over- ruled by you.—Mr. Linaker : I rise to a point of order. —Mr. Foulkes : Let the vicar attend to it. We had enough of you last year.—Mr. Linaker: You will have a little more to-day perhaps.

WHO WAS CHAIRMAN?

The minntes of the last meeting were read and Mr. C. Reynolds seconded a motion that they were a correct record.—Mr. Foulkes : As far as they aro written they may be correct but you presided over the meeting and not the vicar.—Passed. THE ACCOUNTS. Mr. Linaker presented the accounts for the past year which showed a total receipt of £304 3s. ap., of which £253 17s. 2d. was from offertories. The sum of £ll4 14s. Id. had been handed over to special objects and the maintenance of public worship cost £6O /Is. 9d. There was a balance in hand of £1 133. 11d.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BISHOP OF MASHONALAND..

Mr. Foulkes said he observed that they had collected £lO 3s. sd. for the Bishop of Mashonaland, who was formerly Vicar of St. George's, Everton, and was one of the Ritualistic class. Did the parishioners know the class ef men the Vicar was bringing into the parish.— Mr. Linaker : I don't think they knew or would have cared had they known.—The accounts were passed on the motion of Mr. J. Ashton, seconded by Mr. Heywood. THE CHARITIES.

The accounts of the various charities were submitted. The organ loft account showed that after all payments had been made there was a balance in hand of over £52. The Harrison charity and the Upton charity had been distributed as usual. The school accounts and the Frod- sham and Stockham charity were also placed before the meeting. Mr. Linaker speaking with regard to the in- vestment of Upton charity said they had been in com- munication with the Charity Commissioners, but they did not seem keen in taking over the matter.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHURCHWARDENS AND THEIR DUTIES.

The V ic-ir ;-e-aTP;;;:i Linaker— as his warden, speaking of that gentleman's ability in high terms of eulogy. In accepting office Mr. Linaker said he should support the Vicar when he thought him right, but he should not do so when he thought him wrong.—Mr. Foulkes : Do you believe in the tomfoolery that goes on in this chorcb ?—Mr. Reynolds, J.P. : Order, order. Tomfoolery is not a suitable word to use.—Mr. Linaker declined to answer the question.—Mr. T. Riley proposed Dr. Robinson as parishioners' warden.—Mr. Foulkes said the wardens did not know their duties, and did not carry out the 80th and 82nd canons of the church.—Mr.l Holland : Are you going to move anyone else ?—Mr.l Foulkes: I will move an amendment if they do not do their duty.—Mr. Holland : Sit down.—As no amendment was moved, Dr. Robinson was appointed.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
SIDEMEN. Mr. Linalrer appointed Messrs. H. E. Heywood, G. °leave, and W. ;Veneer, as vicar's sidesmen, and the vestry appointed Messrs. Ralph Bate, Joseph Gorst, and Richard Watson, on the motion of Mr. T. Riley seconded by Mr. 11. Holland.

LAY REPRESENTATIVES. Messrs. T. D. Timmins, and Henry 'filey. were eiszr,ted lay representatives.

TREAT TO SCHOLARS'. On the proposition of Mr. J. H. Divies the ladies and gentlemen who had so generously provided the treats 2or :the scholars during the season were cordially thanked. AUDITORS. Messrs. Samuel Davies and, Arthur Pollard were alls' pointed to this office. rag ATHANASIAN CREED. Mr. Foulkes moved that the Athanasian Creed be not read in the church. The Creed, on the fate of it was & fraud.—(Cries of dissent.)—The Vicar : It is a matter of church discipline, and I shall not put this.resolution.---- Mr. Fculkes : We are here to discuss church matters, and the motion will be seconded.—The Vicar I refuse to put it to the vestry.—Mr. Foulkes : You don't do your duty, sir.—A Parishioner : Who will second it.—The Vicar : I don't care who may second it, I shall not put it.—Mr. Foulkes : You are frightened o free speech. The Vicar has asked rue outside the death certificate of Athanias. He died in 33T, and the creed did not come out until 670.—The Vicar : Go on with the business; I won't listen to such nonsense as this.—Mr. Foulkes It is not nonsensa.—The Vicar :It is nonsense. I arn ordered to say the Creed 13 times a year, and I shall saY it.--Mr. Foulkes : I sit down and protest against it. —The Vicar : Protest and sit down ; I shall read-it. THE CHOIRS, On the motion of the Vicar seconded by Mr. Watson the thanks of the vestry were unanitnously accorded to the adult members of the choirs of the Parish Church and the Iron Church. FLOWERS AND PAROCHIAL HOMEY. Mr. Heywood proposed a vote of thanks to the ladiea who had provided flowers for the super-altar and for the decoration or the church.—Mr. J. Ashton seconded. —Mr. Foulkes : I protest against the ladies sending any more flowers. We know no altar nor super-altar in the Church of England. It is a communing table, and beware of the men who call it altar. —The motion was carried with only one dissentient.—A vote of thanks was accorded to the churchwardens, and in reply, 1411-• Linaker said it spoke volumes for the work of the parish that there was only one who did not approve.—Mr. Foulkes : There's more than one.—Mr. Linaker : Only one here, at all events.—The Vicar said there was a great" deal to encourage them. There was much parochial , honey, marred by one or two flies, and perhaps a wasp or two. (Laughter.) —Mr. Foulkes : And how many ritualists ?—The Vicar said the harmony that prevailed in the parish was highly gratifying.

THN APPARITOR. Mr. Foulkes proposed that the apparitor's salary be increased from £4O to £45. He was kept at it from early morn to late at night.—The Vicar: I daresay the appari- tor will have no objection to receive an extra £5 if Mr. Foulkes will provide it —Mr. Foulkes : I would not give you a penny. (Laughter.)—After considerable discus- sion it was resolved that the apparitor wear a gown when in church, so that visitors would have no difficulty in identifying him. AN INSULT AND A CHALLENGH. At this point Mr. Heywood rose to reply to Mr. Foulkes,who, he said,was too sweeping in his asertions ; but Mr. C. Reynolds said as they had not listened to Mr. Foulkes they could not listen to him.—Mr.fleywood said under those circumstances he would not proceed.—Mr. Foulkes : If ever there was a wolf in sheep's clothing that man (the Vicar) is one.—There was a universal demand for the withdrawal of the insulting expression, but Mr. Foulkes repeated several times, " I shall not withdraw," and added, "He (Jaren% meet me in Frod- sham Town Hall and discuss infant baptism and confima- tion." (Laughter.)—Mr. Foulkes : That big lad (the Rev. ff. A. Dickinson, curate) may laugh as much as he likes, he cannot deny it.—While Mr. Foulkes issued his challenge again, a vote of thanks was unanimously pasled to the Vicar for presiding. In reply the Vicar said the longer they knew each other the more their friendship increased and their goodwill towards one another was intensified.—The meeting then terminated. Previous to the proceedings Mr. Foulkes distributed a number of anti-ritualistic leaflets. He had no supporter in the meeting.

NEW FREE LIBRARY AND TECHNICAL SCHOOL FOR ST. HELENS.

.14 , . the. r

===== 0002601_18930408_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
GENEROUS GIFT BY COLONEL GAMBLE, C.B.

At the menthly meeting of the St. Helens Town Council, on Wednesday, Alderman Richard ton the chairman ol the Technical Education Corn- mittee read the following letters : Windlehurst, sth April, 1893. Dear Colonel Pilkington,—The reference to the question of the provision of additional accommo- dation for the technical education classes, to be considered by a sub-committee, which appears in the minutes to be brought before the council to- night, induces me to at once make the offer which I enclose herein. I have for several months in- tended to make this offer, bill have delayed it under the impression that we scarcely yet knew what classes for technical education will be per- manently promoted by the Council.—Yours faith- fully, DAVID GAMBLE.

The following is the letter referred to : Windlehurst, St. Helens, April 5, 1893. To the Chairman of the Technical Education Committee. Dear Sir,-1 beg to offer to the Council of the borougk of St. Helens the piece of vacant land, bounded by Cor- poration-st., Hardshaw-st., and Bickerstaffe-st., St. Helens, which contains 1,510 square yards, exclusive of streets,the leasehold interest in which is for 999 years, I have recently acquired, and which is subject to a rent of £llB 15s. fixed twenty years ago, for the purpose of the erection thereon of a central library and reading-room for the town, and a school for technical education and ' manual instructicn. I hope the area is large enough for both purposes, and I believe that it can be covered by a proper building for the sum of £20,000, which I propose t!' to place in the bank to be expended for the object by a committee, composed of the Mayor, the Chairman of the Technical Education Committee, and the Chairman of the Library Committee, all for the time being, together with three gentlemen to be named by me or my repre- sentatives, of whom I propose to be one for the present. Perhaps it may be necessary to define the purposes for ' which the building is to be used more clearly than I have done above, or than I can do without consultation with the proposed committee ; but it is my intention that it should not be used for a museum nor for ordinary secondary education, nor that a principal use should be for art classes without industrial application.—Yours faithfully, DAVID GAMBLE. (Loud applause followed the reading of the letter). Alderman Pilkington said the communication came upon him as a great surprise, as it had done upon the Council, but he thought the sooner he let them know of it the better. (Hear, hear.) It took his (Alderman Pilkington's) breath away when he was told about izin the Mayor's parlour, and he really did not know what to say. He would, however, say that their best thanks were due to the Colonel for that most noble gift. (Applause.) It was a splendid gift, and one that very few towns of the size of St. Helens received. Councillor Martin said the generous gift of Colonel Gamble would be appreciated by the Library Committee, and he was sure the inhabitants at large would value the gift most deeply, and feet most grateful for it. Councillor Edward Johnson, as deputy-chairman of the Library Committee, heartily endorsed all that had been said. The Library Committee had laboured under difficulties, and the Technical Education Committee having gone forward, it had become more and more evident every day that the Council would have to go to a large expense in providing accommodation. The gift, coming as a surprise, seemed to take their breath away. The Mayor, who is associated with Colonel Gamble,. and has been so for many years,said it was most gratify' ing to him, as Mayor of the borough, to be able to put the resolution to the meeting. (Applause.) The heartiest thanks of the Council were tendered to Colonel Gamble.

CHLORO-LINSICED Cough Lozenges, pest free, 71. Of al' Chemists. -- Advt. At the Derbyshire Quarter Sessions on Wednesday two colliers, named Newberry and Asbury, were sentenced to two and three months' irn,,risonment for intimidating a colliery engineman who had refused to join a strike. Kay's Tic PILLS, specific in Neuralgia, Face-ache. 90 smdl3id. ; postage H. Of all Chem ists.—Adr t.

Mr. Brighouse, on Tuesday,held inquests at St.Helens. on the bodies of Margaret Ellison, aged fifty-seven, of Ardwick-st.,and Jane Watkinson,aged eighty-two years, of St. Helens Junction, who both sustained fatal injuril by falling downstairs. A verdict of "Accidental death ' was returned in each case, there being no suspicion and no blame attaching to an/one.

RUPTURES.—ITs RADICAL CURE SUCCESs oT7tU SHERMAN' METHOD. Fifty Years' Test. "9, Mansion Howe uildings. Crawshaw Booth. "March 7th,1893. 'S.J.Shermao,Rsg. —Hear B Sir, —Having been under your treatment for some months I am pleased to bear testimony to the efficiency of your marvel- lous treatment. I have had tw doctors ex.t mine me,and neither one could tell on which sPe I hal been ruptured. aly own doc- tor who attended me before I went to you can scarcely realise the change in me, and he says he can find no t ace or the rup- ture. Now, If there are any who doubt the genuineness of your great skill and ability to tore rupture, kindly refer them to me.—With many heartfelt thanks, en re than I am able to ex- press here, I beg to remain ever thanki oily yours, " CHARLES MEEKS. We advise all sufferers to send to Mr 3 J Sherman, Hernia Specialist, of 64, Chancery-lane, London,or 26. King-st , Man- chester, for his book on rupture. givinz full information ef his treatment; only known cure without operation in this or any other country. Free on application.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0134.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A I

===== 0002601_18930408_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
is l'he Ito l , Un 3%, Laundresses say Critchley's "STARCH GLOSS i.i4eile, Vac Ile(I, for impartna* g a beautiful finish to starched ;•all. %be._r cold or boiling water starch. Mr. --,Cornr- 148tarc4LIT.,_ y :y,.,ife wlll not finish our Ilium Without t 0 your ou Elt4:4 bleased °• . iron Airs. —, Bradford . to InfOrrri you tUai, I have tried many so-called ...nooki ,:ozes and Polishes, but 1 204 stz .11Sed :icl none equal to yours. It in every house. f;:o viiiveu..r.,..n go ivt Id., 3d., and 6d.„ by ene. 4. It not in st --....r. 1114ckburn .'oPrietor rll procure it. T. • P._cw.i, .....,..

===== 0002601_18930408_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held oa Wednesday morning at the Town Hall. There were then present Messrs. R. Heaton (in the chair), W. Balharry, Auckland, Muir, G. Pilling, Wright, Davies, Longton, A. Jolley, A. J. Jolley, Gill, Wm. Fairclough, T. Smith, J. Turton, J. Clarke,- G. Ratcliffe, J. Houghton, R. Owen, T. Mather, Win. Houghton, J. C. Sutton (clerk), Ward (Workhouse master), H. M. Mines (superintendent), Dr. Peacock° (medical officer). THE SUPPLY OF COFFINS. . .

Mr. Dorisox Inq—u—ired if the contract for the supply of coffins would be re-let in consequence of the death of Mr. Lowden Wells.—lt was stated that Mr. Lowden Wells, , would carry on the contract. • VACCINATION OFFICER'S FEES.

• ItIP.RATCLIFFE inquired if the vaccination officer's fees would not be greatly increased in consequence of the recent epidemic. The CLuitx in reading the accounts stated that the number of cases which the vaccination officer had received fees for were 339 in January, 161 in February, and 142 in March. The total was 642 and the sum paid £2l 6s. In addition to this there was £1 ss. sd. paid for postage and 15s. for posters. Mr. R. Owric inquired if the vaccination officer was receiving fees for the re-vac- cination of adults.—The CLERK : I believe that he does not. It is probable that owing to the prevalence of the epidemic a much larger number of children have been vaccinated.—Mr. SHAW: It would be better to know whether there are included cases of re-vaccination.—The anus : The bill has been made out in accordance with the certificates which have been received of successful vaccination. I have not got the bill here se that I can- not say.—Mr. OWEN : If I knew that adults were included I should vote against the passing of the accounts.—Mr. SHAW : I cannot see that all these are primary vaccinations or else the population has been increasing very rapidly. (Laughter.)—Mr. Mina I should like to know whether it is not illegal for the vaccination officer to include the re-vaccination cases in his accounts.—The Clerk sent out for the accounts which upon being produced showed that the who% of the 642 cases were certified primary vaccination. • A PAUPER'S names. The CLERK read a report from the relieving officer concerning the case of a blind man named Garmoyle. from whose wife a letter had been received at the last meeting, complaining that the Union Medical Officer would not attend her husband. The report showed that the man was 70 years of age, and lived at 22, Percivals- fold. For many years he had been receiving 3s. per week outdoor relief from the Union. He was in the habit of going into the Little Weint leading to the mar- ket on Wednesdays and Saturdays, and begging alms. He was taken ill however and removed to the Work • house, but he refused to remain there and had soon resumed his mercenary career. He was taken to the Workhouse again but refused to remain in, and when asked whether he would desist from begging and be •content with relief he said "No," and preferred to beg rather than accept the assistance of the Union. His wife said he realized as much as 2s. per day; begging.— Mr. Szfaw said the man had told the Board that begging was a better "job "than living in the Workhouse.—The CLERK said be would send tile report to the Local Gov- ernment Board.

IN COMFORTABLE QUARTERS. On the motion of Mr. A. JOLLEY, seconded by Mr. Saew, the Board decided to retain the use of the Town Council Chamber for their meetings for another three months.

DR. GORNALL'S CONTRACT. Mr. SHAW said that in accordance with a request he made at the last meeting, be had been supplied with a copy of the contract which Dr. Gornall held as vaccina- tion officer to the Union. From the contract he perceived that Dr. Gornall's contract was a yearly one, but it had not been formally renewed for the past five years. He thought this was not right to the younger medical men of the town. He considered that all contracts of such a character should for public benefit be competed for at the termination of each contract. As the contract could be now ended by a 28 day's notice, he begged to move that such a notice be given to Dr. Gornall to terminate his ccntract as public vaccinator to the Union. He thought it was not right that Dr. Gornall should prevent younger medical men of the town—who were as capable as him—from receiving the sweets of such an office. A discussion of some length took place on the matter, and eventually, on the advice of the Clerk, Mr.Shaw,for the purpose of giving all members of the Board an oppor- tunity to know of his intention, gave notice of a motion that he would bring forward at the next meeting for the purpose of gi.,ing Dr. Gornall notice to terminate his contract in accordance with agreements in the contract. Mr.Sbaw, in the course of his remarks upon the subject, stated that the smallpox epidemic was en the increase in the town.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON SAILING CLUB.

ANNUAL BOAT RACE.

Saturday last was the occasion of the 23rd annual boat race held in connection with the Warrington Sailing Club. The race, however, seems to be los- ing something of its old interest, which is probably the result of the arrangement which exists of intro- ducing no new feature into the affair, and continu- ing the very much condemned system of running the boats round the buoy at the Five Acres and continuing the race--on the ebb—back to Litton's Mill. All the boats left on Good Friday for Snig Pie House, Widnes, where the race commences. Thtre was only one alteration on last year's entries, and that was the entrance of" Mischief "which took the place of" Tom Bowling." The new bcat however, got into mischief on its trip down, and grounded on Widnes bank, opposite Cuerdley Marsh. The various crafts were measured by the keel, and handicapped a minute per foot, " Pink " (captained by W. Warburton) having 12 minutes start Of the scratch boat" Gipsy." Following "Fink " came "May Fly" (Captain, T. Sherratt), " Mischief "(Capt. A. Spencer), ' Primrose (Capt. S. Leigh)," Florence" (Captain, H. Warburton), " Rose" (Capt. W. Warbur- ton), " Bessie" (Capt. James Green), " Woodcock " (Captain J. Peers), "Maggie" (Captain John Suyton) and " Gipsy " (Captain James Davison). The run from Widnes down to Bank Quay was accompanied by a tameness greater than that which has characterized the last two or three races. There was a very pleasant "slip" breeze blowing, not sufficiently strong, however, to bring into play the qualities a any particular boat, unless it was • Maggie." Thi-A boat, which was destined to come in for neither of the first three prizes sailed the best of any in the race, and so far as legitimate sailing went showed "a clean pair of heels" to every boat, and came down to the buoy at the five acres some seconds ahead of "Pink," the boat which was leading the fleet by almost a quarter of a mile down to Bank Quay. When " Pink " was thus beaten by " Maggie " she was closely followed by" Bessie," "May Fly," "Florence," "Rose," "Primrose," "Woodcock," "Gipsy," and "Mischief." Owing to the race having commenced too early on the flood, the whole a the boats were com- pelled to lie practically abreast of each other at the buoy for 20 minutes until the ebb set in. This was almost equivalent to commencing the race from there, back to the Mill, a distance of about 200 yards. The boats were all able to start again at the same time, so that the results of the ten miles sailing from Widnes were in no way taken into account, no extra start being given to the boats which came to the buoy several minutes before the others. This was a sub- ject for adverse criticism on the part of the spectators, who generally considered that the race should either have commenced half-an-hour later on the flood, or that start should have been given to the boats which came down to the long leading. The finish of the rare was of the usual character, chiefly a drifting match down to the flag. " Maggie" teenaged to sustain the lead for some time until the captain, somewhat ill advisedly, took a long tack to windward and came right under the lea of Litton's Mill. " Maggie "consequently lost her wind and lay stationary while she was passed by " Rose" (first), " Woodcock " (second), " Gipsy " (third), and" Pink," (fourth). The judges were Messrs. T. and J. Roughley. The other officers were Messrs. E. Gleave (treasurer), Charles Naylor (secretary), and P. Truscott (number taker.)

PUBLIC NOTICE.—Not one but HUNDREDS of people of both sexes with wrecked and debilitated constitutions are yearly restored to sound and robust health again by Messrs. Wilkinson, 3 and 4, Fitzallan Square, Sheffield. Write to them for advicefree when suffering from weakness, loss of flesh, appetite, disturbed rest, pimples, blotches, indigel- tion, pallid skin, nervousness, and general debility. Posi- tive cure for all Blood and Skin Diseases, acquired or consti- tutional. Sixty years' experience. One address (as above) for over 30 years. The " A 1 Mixture," 4s. od. the case. The Magic Mirror in envelope, four stamps. Sufferers &sap pointed with Elactrio Belts should write to us at onee.—Adv-

KAI'S COMPOUND, for Coughs and Co!ds. Asthma and Bronchitis are relieved by it, 91d. 130. Am—Advt.

• THE POPULAR BEVERAGE tor Breakfast, Luncheon, Tea and Supper in all seasons is CADBURY'S COCOA.—Comforting. strengthening, nourishing—for old and young, robust and feeble. 01.DEFRV8 COCOA is absolutely pure.—Advt.

a FOR THE

Is warranted to cleanse the blood fro m all impurities, from whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. It is the only real specific for Gent and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials . In bottles 2s. 9d. and 119. each, of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro - prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY, LINCOLN. BEWARE OF WORTHLESS IMITATIONS.

BLOOD IS THE LIFE." cyiufißKE 9 ,•!. 111111.11 T • E , - • woRD Nolo it 640 ;•BLOOD PURIFIER' !Jill': AN D RESTORER

===== 0002601_18930408_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
KEATING'S POWDER." Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
KEATING'S POWDER." Kills Fleas, Bags. Moths, Beetles.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
KEATING'S PO W DER." Kills Fleas, Bags, Moths, Beetles.

KEATING'S PO WDE R." Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
Contains Starch Gloss. mAlc K I Borax, WaX, Requires 140 ' ADDITION Or PREPARATION. -n.„ . ,ib Tv/TV-WC IW ....--, Uncertainty. • - Produces BEAUTIFUL "V. HITE GLOSSY LI EN.

CHANCELLOR'S PLATE POWDER. "Saves an immense amount of time and labour, and gives a brighter polish than anything else. There is no preparation of which IDE know to oqnait excelleace."—ENQUlltr WITHIN. 'free '-

===== 0002601_18930408_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDA Y, APRI L 8, 14)3.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BEST & CHEAPEST HOSE al LIVER

.1001, __ ig7.1.4:1,..„11..;::=E.,;,:„.,#----:1_*;77.-' ~.0X'1,1k.4. li il ~-,;, ~, , ill ..,te:i.. te,...0' t,, *Ai ..30.(4t V „ 1,,, o, ..,..,..._ PeA' •,-,- tr Ad - Mik_---4.'"i 3., %is nN : - 1' % ls_ i 4,4 J.? - 4, ini.•. , I r, r s piJ 1[04.21._. 2......y.e.mcZcl axo-1..e....: . '°'!....;..0-....,41•Na,&.',...T.799 j ' j - . 4.: Q. 1,, --` --,-- ' - --.7r---- 311' ---7•77,74777-': .Z-:-:=-'!:..''''''''''''''''''',..-=_, ---''.-'7""...'''''*__-1-I.V— -iir' - - 71--=''' ---i V,l' - = i_-------='-"-- - = • ----- ' -:-.= '''- V I .T-Tfi tif.i = E '. '.... ___----.--,- - . ~,) ".14 r ---7-,---- 7 - - —"—'---•----- ----7---------11;:":v.• -J---- \,a Q. .---,', ) Lit. 0 n?lin'-' .--. ,'''..7"-------=--------- --_-_,... :-:----:-------------_—__=,-,, j,: ,, Cl) 44 ",417‘,,j ) r ..,,IlulnainlianinigliunnizzemiliTiillilliallati'M I', ~ , 01,1 ,'', ,,,, / , gt ' C RAN E & SONS iir r.V•II.T. ~,,t, ...„ • . 1-- 4,,,,:\ it,:i'imin5imii,...........„,,,,„„,„.„....„,,,,,„,,,,,,,,,,,,,g,_. . _, .. ~ ~.. vI 217 • SCOTLAND ROAD • lila I ,) Q.. ,:.'7---,e,n,_,-- 10 il ,i}f i itelt, „I'd 'Mall ii.,, --:„.„,,,..„,„'ienr:,:r.,-.''1:,::17„:,,,, , ,111,011. ullllll. Illmamiximmunautummuumumm i .I'll 1I 1 ' I : 1 bI'M orolarrot nwo illmralmAssNollo.,.......FßOML 5 IHARmoNiums....,„„,„,z3 ----_,__-------1:-_,,._::_1_,,,,,,:,..H_!,,,41,itli,,,I.rz:-.-7.,,,,-;ft_i7il_12,=___„_', llLLlN,c_LiallilLo___7ll_ll_,oll_,l!ll__,:__lo:l_,_itN_L:l_,ll,,_,l,l-:_„1,00,-,"____—=---_____ ' ------ _ ___ _

===== 0002601_18930408_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
BY PATENT MACHINERY.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
tLE IS COMPLETE VITO

MBROCATI

SlouthEne:

* W. GEE TAYLOR'S ECZEMA CURE

At once stops irritation, and cures all SKIN DISEASKS. Contains NO POISON. Does not Stain. Price Is. 10. and 2s. 9d., or Postal Order Is. 3d. & 3s, from Sole Proprietor. Agents wanted.

W. GEE TAYLOR, Chemist, Himgerford. Berks

, ELLIMAN S 'WIN r .....71r • - - - sl3P4stttS• h wi-L,:._ %it r • 7 '4.14.).%,:, . zr,-,'"- Amami, ' Si.oll^ll al, , awe - t_i ,_._ , _. LACII _ .g.:,-riF inirs

t‘v*) _/ 1

===== 0002601_18930408_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
AIERSAL ENIB

ELLIMAg

A GOOD FAIIILY MEDICINE CHEST, WITH a prudent we, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good compound such as

COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious com- partments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but

COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Obseiver.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S FREE FROM MERCURY 0 ANTIBILIOUS PILLL.,;.

O. PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

FOR BILE. LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLDEN BEE HIVE, 69 8c 71, CHURCH STREET,

WARRINGTON.

VIOLIN, very rich tone, RUSSIAN COPY alth BOW, in cane complete, a genuine bargain. Pried only 25. Od

• - '0 tue)tit;E. D -110" - , , _

===== 0002601_18930408_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
VERY PIER PAIR RUBY LUSTERS, 16 inches In heigbt, under glass shades, double drops beauti- fully decorated, suitable for r. om,-only :.7271

===== 0002601_18930408_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
FLOCK BB • 8, the set complete, our special make clean and well picked flocks, good size, well filled, only

===== 0002601_18930408_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
CARPET, tapestry, good size, splendid pattern, suit- able for parlour or bedroom, quite new, never been worn, wonderful va ue. The Bee Hive l6s 6cl

===== 0002601_18930408_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
BLA.NKET, large sire, wool cloth, second hand, a great bargain, the pair, at the Golden Bee Hive ...' Os

===== 0002601_18930408_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
CREST OF DRAWERS, a very useful size for bed- room, light colour, well finished, the best material. Call and see them, you will purchase directly, only 171

AT THE GOLDEN BEEHIVE.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
A WONDERFLTL MEDICINX.

BEECHAM'S PILLS ARE universally admitted to be worth a Guinea a Box for Bißoas and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fullness and Swelling after Meals, Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings or Heat, Los, of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Scurvy and Blotches on the Skin, Dis- turbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb- ling Sensations, Ac. The first dose will give relief in twenty minutes. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try tine Bind these Pills, and they will be acknowledged to be

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. For females of all ages these Pills are invaluable, as a ew doses of them carry off all humours, and bring about all that is required. No female should be without them. There is no medicine to be found equal to Beecham's Pills for removing any obstruction or irregularity of the system. If taken ac- cording to the directions given with ea& box they will soon restore females of all ages to sound and robust health. This has been proved by thousands who have tried them, and found the benefits which are ensured by their tire. tor a Weak Stomach, Impaired Digest.on, and all Disorders of the Liver, they act like magic, and a few doses will be found to work wonders on the most important organs in the human machine. They strengthen the whole muscular system, restore the long lost complexion, bring back the keen edge of appetite, and arouse into action with the rosebud of health the whole physical energy of the human frame. These are Rama testified continually by members of all classes of society, and one of the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debilitated is, BEECHAM'S PILLS have the Largest Sale of any Patent Medicine in the World.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S MAGIC COUGH PILLS.

As a remedy for Coughs in general, Asthma, Bronchia Affections, Hoarseness, Shortness of Breath, Tightness and Oppression of the Chest. Wheezing, dm these Pills stand un rivalled. They are the best ever offeredto the public, and will speedily remove that sense of oppression and difficulty of breathing which nightly deprive the Wien of rest. Let lany person give BEECHAM'S COUGH PILLS a trial, and the most violent Cough will in a short time be removed.

Prepared enly, and Sold Wholesale and Retail, by the Pro prietor, Thomas Beecham, St. Helens, Lancashire, in Boxes 90., Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. each.

Sold by all Druggists and Patent Medicine Dealers every where.

N.8.--Fnll directions are given ~:th each bor.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
„st bis* t•- P.- •

Is the moat genuine preparation ever manufactured for Calf nearing. ANALYST'S REPORT.

Feb. 28th. 1887. Society of Chemical Industry (Manchester Section). I have chemically and microseopically examined Messrs. Crosby and Sons' •' Cremoid " Calf Meal. I find It to contain albumininous substances which are necessary to build up the tisanes of the animal system. The Meal also contains a considerable amount of oil, with carbo-hydrates, which tend to the production of fat. Nearly one-h Ii of the ash is made up of phosphate of lime (this, I need not say, is one of the chief constituents of bones.) From the examiaa- tion of this Meal, I consider it an admirable food for the fattening of calves, as the Meal contains all the elements for the building up of the flesh and bones of the animal body. (Signed.) J. CARTER BELL, A.R.S.M.. F.I.C. ' County Analyst. PRIOR I.BS. PRE VIVT. t)-CWT LOTS, 16S. 613. Carriage paid to any Station.

CROSBY AND SONS, CORN MILL. RuscOßN.

T RA D E ciir) _.O N C .10 cREmoiD." 2 ri 11 A lip‘t• ,17:" - ;21 S , • -s,- • „: , .

===== 0002601_18930408_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
ASTHMA AND BRONCHITIS CURED. THOUSANDS TESTIFY.

THE RIGHT lION. THE EARL or SHANNON writes :—" Your remedy instantly relieves and cures Asthma and Bronchitis. I have recommended it to people in England as well as over here."

1)14. LAWTON, M.D., Middleton, writes—' I have had repeated opportunities of seeing the action of Mr. Vaughan's preparation for Asthma and Bronchitis. I can bear testimony to its great value as a curative agent. I would strongly re- commend it to any person suffering from Asthmatic affec- tions.—M. LAWTON, M.D." For particulars write— D. VAUGHAN. LANGFORD TERRACE. CORK. IRELAND.

- .4 4r:7

===== 0002601_18930408_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
D Branch _ ll•Caui Co.

SWIFT GOLD MEDAL , lARRISON qftlirmi ER ti

KglT' Stockings, Clothing in 0 Wool, Silk, or Cotton. per Post. TIUSFRANT AWAED at Tim oely WINNER in the WORLD of euf the SUN seam! ens Stocklng C., 1.00001 —Tex Halt ICTOIN 14.7,11.0 r'F111:0011. ST., MANCLIESIRR.

I;ior6s,

LIMIT YOUR FAMILY by a new insomtion, four stamps for sample.—O. ANDREW, 54, Perth-rd., London, N.

A RISTOTLR'S WORKS, with plates 352 pages, 30 "Paris by night, or Gay Life in Paris" illustrated stamps 36 stamos.—Postfree S BowKER. 27. Renshaw-et., Liverpool

-EIXCHANGE for Stamped linyelope or particulars. -Mar- _EA lied Lady has a most va uable harmless recipe for ladies.—Nirs. BAYLEY, Broad-et.. Nottingham.

AMEs, send btamped Envelopes, womdertul New Li Zealand discovtry, ; simple Every Lady partieulare.—Mkx, Examiner °Mee, Denton, Manchester. lIOW TO LIMIT YOU it VAN" ILY.—WOMEN'S ONLY REAL PREVENTATIVR.—PerfeetIy harmless. Not a dangerous drug ;never known to tail. Specially commende4 by EMINENT PHYSICIANS. Full peril( ulare Is. INVALUABLE .—MAIS. LAWRENCE ,130, Duncorubo-street.Slicfßeld.

rpo CONSUMPTIVES, or those anbject te Rronchttis. Asthma, Ste.— Advertiser, who hes been cornoletely cured, would willingly ftend part lculers of the method of cure to sufferers, on receipt of stamped addressed envelope to Boits-rtnes, 117, Chanoery-lane. Lonln, W.C.

TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL /It STEEL PILLS for Female, quickly cor. rect all irretiularlVes, remove all osistructions, and relieve the distr•saing symptoms no preva- lent with the sex. Boxes Is. 1.0. stid 2s. 9d. of all chemists sent anywhere on receipt. of 13 or 34 S 1,1 mps by the maker, B. T. TOWLE, Chemist, Nottinghrie. •

ONE BOX OF •CLARKES B 41 PILLS ia war- ranted to cure all diselicrwe - from the Urinary Organs, In either sex (acquired or constitutio.talt, Gravel, and Pains in the back. Guaranteed tree from -miry. Sold in Boxes, 4s. 63. each, by all Chemists and l'alent Medicine Vendors, througlamt the World; or rent, to any .ich4ress for sixty stamps by the Makers. The LINC LN AND MI LAND COUNTIES MUG, COMPANY, Liacoln. Wholesale it.gem; BAItbLAY & BOXS, London, and all the Wholesale Houses.

Igr NEW RA. , I.latn 261. I. PA Ic IS. 1,1 Medals. Alm', !Makers k "ice, 7.7. oAtoßn Sr.. .. . • 48, I_4.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0159.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
;Ci`Xt

===== 0002601_18930408_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
BURY'S

SNOWDRIFT CAKE FLOUR.

PADLOCK BRAND.

IT'S A. MARVEL!

SOLD BY

===== 0002601_18930408_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
GROCERS EVHEYWHBRE.

Zetttrs to tin COttor.

THE RECTOR OF WARRINGTON AND THE WESLEYANS.

Sir,—Your columns have recently reported an "in- struction "of the Rev. F. W. Willis upon the subject of Wesleyan Methodism. In regard to the spirit of the rev, gentleman's deliver- ance there is little or no ground for complaint. We frankly recogniso his evident desire to observe the law of cbristisn courtesy. The Rector's address neverthe- less takes, in some respects, the form of an indictment against our church. It must therefore be answered. Happily the answer will not be difficult to make. We propose to deal with the matter in the next issue of our Monthly Church Record, and in addition to this, we shall avail ourselves of the facilities which will doubtless be afforded us by the public press of the town. It is known to many of your readers that ours is a united pastorate, and I have only to add that in this communi- cation, I am writing not only in my own name, but also on behalf of my colleagues in the ministerial work of the Warrington circuit.

J. KIIITLAN, Superintendent Minister.

April sth, 1893.

TUB NEW LIBERALISM.

Sir,—Our Tory friend Mr. Arthur Bennett, is most anxious to explain away his remarks upon the occasion of Mr. A. H. Crosfield's address at the Debating Society. As a matter of fact Mr. Bennett went so far as to promise to vote for Mr. Crosfield in the event of his becoming a Parliamentary candidate for Warrington. Days after this remarkable incident, Mr. Bennett thinks it necessary to attach to his declaration certain import- ant reservations which if complied with would require Mr. Crosfield to become as big a Jingo and as noisy an Ulster Champion as Mr. Bennett. All right, Mr. Bennett ; we are too familiar with your pronounced opinions to mistake you. Whatever you may consider yourself, if you are to be judged by your own public declaration s you are • Tory of Cie deepest dye. For anyone holding your opinions to profess sympathy with the new Liberal- ism as propagated by Mr. Crosfield, reminds one of the wolf in sheep's clothing. It is very kind of Mr. Bennett to suggest tkat Mr. Crosfield disapproves of Disestablishreent and is not in favour of the Local Veto Bill. Mr. Crosfield is well able to defend his opinions upon these questions. One thing, however, is quite certain, that no candidate however able will command the support of the Liberals of War- rington who is not prepared to support a Liberal Gov- ernment in carrying both these measures.—Yours, Szc., A LIBERAL. Warrington, April 6, 1893.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
&OBEY BROOK.

Sir,—You kindly granted me space in your valuable paper a year or more since, to call the attention of the public to the foul state of Sankey Brook. As far as the smell and colour is concerned it gets no better. Were I a resident householder near to the bank of that brook I should, now that the weather is fine, call a public meet- ing of the inhabitants out of doors on the brook side to protest against the continuance of so foul a nuisance so detrimental to health and so powerful an agent in dissem- inating disease. It may be said that if I don't like it, I may leave it. True, but my leaving will make it no better. If instead of complaining day after day, the householders and in- habitants generally,should hold a meeting some evening; and get up a memorial setting forth the horrible condi- tions under which they live, and the fearful stenches and «tigilsting and nauseating sights that meet their eyes and against their olfactory senses so continuously, and bring this matter before the proper authorities. They should send the memorial to the district member wbo lias promised to look after the interests of his consti- tuents. There isMr. Legh on one side and Mr. rierpoint on the other; there is also the County Council, and there should be a riparian authority who could, if they would, prevent the pollution of rivers. What are they all doing ? Time was when this brook abounded in fish. No fish could live in it now for five minutes. The only living thing I have ever seen in it was a solitary rat that escaped out of Clare and Ridgway's shipyard. There was, too, a poor demented man who crossed it one morning but died a few hours afterwards. There have been hopes held out of purificatios of the abatement of the nuisance and a return to the halcyon days of purity and clear water, and that steps should be taken to at- tain that desirable object. The steps, if taken at all, are very short and very slow. Tim time for steps has long siLce past ; it should now be strides long and rapid, to put an end to a scandalous condition of things that is a foul blot on the face of creation and a mockery of our boasted sanitary laws. Hoping something may be done speedily in the inter- ests of decency and suffering humanity. I am, sir, yours truly, Sankey Bridges, April 6,1393

CYMRO.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRIN GT ON RURAL SANITARY

AIITJiOILITY.

The monthly meeting of this authority was held in the Warrington Town Hall on Friday morning. There were then present :—Mr. Win, Long (in the chair), Messrs. John Houghton, Wm. Houghton, Alfred Jolley, J. Heaton, Swinton, Dignum, Davies, Mr. S. Sutton (clerk), Mr. J. C. Sutton, and Dr. Sephton.

REMOVAL Cl' SMALLPDX PATIENTS. Mr. S. SurroN in reading the accounts, read an item of £4 10s. from 'Magian Bros., cab proprietors, for the removal of smallpox patients at ss. each.—Mr. JOLLEY : Five shillings each? I think it is down right robbery. lace from the accnunts they have charged 103. for the removal n' f—'l cases at once.--In the course of a dig- ens don, M ITON said that he thought the cabs were hired by Di. aornall. • It was necessary he should be allowed to use his discretion in such matters and he thought that an agreement had been arrived at between him and Maginn's that ss• should be paid for the conk veyacce of each patient, which he considered was a reasonable sum. Mr. Jolley persisted that the amount was too much, but the accounts were passed. TRW RIXTON CEMETERY LOAN. The CLERK read correspondence respecting the borrow- log of £16,800 for the construction of the Riaton Cemetery. Ater a considerable amount of difficulty he had been able to come to an agreement With the Royal London FrTendly Society for the borrowing of the loan at 31 per cent. Re anticipated that within a fortnight the matter would be finally settled, and the money in hand.

THE LONGFORD DEPOT.—MORE COMPLAINTS. The CLERK read a letter from Mr. Mortimer of Orford, complaining of the objectionable and injurious stench which came over to his houses from the chimney of the Longford Minure Depot.—Dr. Sephton said he bad several times walked past the depot and detected no stench. During a further discussion which took place, Mr. J. S. Sutton pointed cut that a private individual had sued a sewerage coripa.ay :or compensation, in consequence of a similar nuisance caused by them. The judge in the superior court ha l given a verdict in favour of the plaintiff. It seemed to him that Mr. Mortimer would ha quite justified in bringing such a claim against the Warrington Corporation for damages, as be believed Mr. Mortimer was about to leave his house. Mr. Sutton also thought, that the Authority would be quite justified in taking the matter into court on behalf of the ratepayers of Longford and the neighbourhood. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Heaton quite agreed that if the Cor- poration did not abate the nuisance they ought to he taken to court.—Several members spoke to the detri- mental effect the stench was having on the neighbour- hood and it was stated that residents from the istrict rather than go past the works ' preferred to drive to Newton. The subject then dropped. A COMPLAINT "FRONDS. GORNALL. A letter was read from Dr. Garnett complaining of the stench which arose from a man hole at the corner a Grappenhall-road, and it was decided to request the agent for the property to have the man-bole flushed and cleaned.

MEDICAL OFFICER'S •REPORT.

Dr. SUWON in his report stated that there were seven ; ~.:•eases of sinalliaox notified, and two cases of scarlet fever.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0164.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. „

limo

Mem

===== 0002601_18930408_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
1 NOTES ON GAMES AND 1 A rinEncs.

FOOTBALL. Phew ! If there is one reason why a footballer would be a cyclist at such a time as Easter, it is because the happy wheelman has immediate access to lubrication. I don't know what this lubrication is. But the P.D. says he does ; there are two sorts, one for moistening the wheels and one for preventing the man's thtoat be- coming parched, and to prevent an unholy desire to drink out of a bucket when he gets home. That is what the P.D. says ; and he can tell you most anything from the way to play " nick-nack," to the correct manner in which you should read a Greek ode.

The Warrington first team players have had an excep- tionally brisk time of it since they commenced opera- tions with the Mona Club on Good Friday. These ex- ponents of the game from Mansland in addition to re- ceiving a licking of four goals, two tries, to a try, re- ceived a little instruction in the latter-day style of foot- ball. It was amusing to see the simple, old fashioned, antiquated methods of doing "smart things," which they came armed with. The first team met Leigh on their own territory, and in a brilliant manner one team did not beat the other. Not a bit of it. Almost the whole of the game was taken up by the forwards slush- ing around each other ; getting the ball into touch, and scrimmaging. There was a man bet ss. that Warrington would win, and he sends a note by the P.D. wanting to know if " it isn't a downright shame for the other fel- low to claim time money ; because neither of them won." So far as betting is concerned I am an unsophisticated "chile of nature." But to my way of thinking this bet is as clear as the difference between a lop-eared rabbit and a crab tree. If you bet Warrington would win and they have not won you must have lost.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
Monday saw a big, crowd of both sexes down at Wilderspool to witness the match between Rochdale St. Clements and our " bra' fast tern.';

There were two prominent features of this match. One was the contesting play of Boscow and Rigg Roch- dale St. Clements full-back whom Boscow supplanted. The great difference between these two players was that Boscow remained calm, sure, and scrupulously discreet where there was much uncertainity ;and he never failed to achieve what he intended to do. Rigg, who is cer- tainly a most excellent player, works in a different style to BOSCOW. He does not play anything like our full back's defensive game, hut in his aggressive essays he is much more daring and dashing than Boscow, but without his discretion. The other feature was the clever combined play of the two half-backs J. Bate and " Smack "of that ilk. Two of the three tries which were won were gained by the Bates. The way in which the last one was scored was amusing. There was a scrimmage a yard off Rochdales' line,two men were mark- ing J. Bate, and when he "collared "the leather he had slid under the legs of one sf his markers and before you could wink he had scored. People just howled. War- rington bad the best of the game all cound although when the Rochdale team, who are a finely built lot of men— came on to the ground fears were entertained for War- rington's welfare. -- Our good old A team beat Leigh A on Saturday by 2-1-4 to 0-1-3. Very good again!

Here is sonoe more Junior Cup competition of the War- rington brand. St. Mary's and the Rangers met on Saturday, and had a "gate" the proceeds of which was to aid the Ragged School. Nothing was scored in the first half, but in the second St. Mary's came forth beam- ing with joy and a goal,which knocked the brilliance out of the Rangers' try.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

Here we are again ; but please don't walk in ; the War- rington Association did ail the walking in necessary when I they met Penketh on Monday in the second round of the medal competition. The game ended in a win for my eld friends—the Warrington " blioys " by three goals to I nil. That was "walking into" them ! However, seve- ral plaintive complaints against th,- referee have reached I me from Penketh ; but somehow the referee always does ' become the scapegoat for a team of indifferent players. ' , When our Indomitable One was remonstrated with by ' big father with a stick for not asking his permission to take his tobacco, he said, "Well, yer can't please every- one, can yer ?“ The referee should say th .t. By the way, Lymm beat Warrington North End by three goals to nil, and Orford Barracks beat Orford Crescent by two goals to nil in the same competition on Saturday. That is what I call doing some "pronounced" work.

Warrington's: luck wasn't in the ascendency on Satur- day, however. They were beaten by Winnington Park by three goals to nil. But they oughtn't to lose heart. Their new players are doing very well.

BOATING. By the foregoing heading Ido not wish to infer that boating is a legitimate section of athiLtics, as this column is set aside for athletic matters. I atended the Warrington Sailing Club boat race on Saturday and should like to say something about it. I agree with the popular condemnatim which has been uttered against the fossilized style of holding a boat race, indulged in by the club. The great thing with Which I find fault is the , continuing of the race round the buoy at the Five Acres and back again to Litton's Mill. It is palpably absurd, at least on the present lines, as the result of the race on Saturday showed. Maggie the boat which won the race down from s%idnes was absolutely spoiled of its well merited prize, because luck—not qualification—turned against it in the drift on the eble from the buoy to the winning flag. I am told that the reason of the present character of the race is to supply the public with an interesting sight. Veil, the public d an't appreciate it. If it is necessary to study the public so much why not arrange a proper regatta with rowing matches and not absolutely ruin a 16 miles race for a consideration of that kind. There is no necessity to sail from Whines under the present cir- cumstances ; the race might well commence at the buoy and end opposite Litton's Mill. I hope the club will not endanger their own reputation next year by a repetition of this most unpopular and unjust way of deciding a race.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
PEN KETH.

-- THE EASTER HOLIDAYS.—This popular holiday Good Friday was entered into with as much zest as in former years. The people were early astir, and many cyclists and pleasure seekers left the village for a visit to ether parts. The old custom of holding a fair at Fiddlers Ferry has of late years relaxed. In the afternoon the annual tea meeting was held in the Wesleyan School and was well attended. Afterwards the room was cleared and a concert was given. The officers in connection with the Sunday school and chapel read the annual reports, and the prizes for good attendance were distri- buted. Mr. Taylor, police court missionary, was present and recited. At St. Mary's Mission, service was held in the evening, when the Rev. E. S. Jackson preached a very fine sermon. On Sunday morning early Communion was also held at the same place —The inhabitants as usual had a general holiday on Monday last. Many people sought pleasure in other districts, Frodsham appearing to be the favourite place of resort. Considerable interest was shown in the football match between Warrington Association and Penketh in the medal competition. Much disappointment was felt by the enthusiasts at the loss of the Penketh team, the general feeling being that there was not sufficient fair play shown towards them by the referee. PENEETH PARE.—On Friday morning last a large num- ber or persons assembled in the Penketh Park to 24sist in the raising of the gigantic flag staff. The staff is a gift to the Park. Company from Messrs. R. A. Naylor and Co.. Warrington.. .It consists of one large pole 87' feet. long and a smaller pole 20 feet long. The post is sunk 7 feet in the ground, leaving over 100 feet above the ground level. The men under the superintendence of Mr. C. E. Parker, began at 8 o'clock, the difficult task of raising the large post to the position in which it now stands. The following day the smaller pole was hoisted up and fixed. The flag was then hoisted and iseasily visiblefor many miles.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0169.txt | included=true | included =====
L/ 11If.

VESTRY Mrlrriso.—The Easter vestry for the parish of Lymm Was held on Tuesday sight, the Rector (the Rev. G. W. Guest) in the chair. The accounts showed the offertories of the year to be £277 Is. 910., and there was a balance in hand of £2 3s. 71. There was also a halance of £5l gs. Bd. on account of the bread charity, £5 only having been spent in bread during, the year. Mr. T. P. Norris and Mr. A. W. Callender were appointed church- wardens and Messrs. Swallow, Marsh, Watson, and ! Ardern sidesmen. Messrs. Bailey and Evans were ap- pointed delegates to the ruri-deaconal conference. LOCAL BOARD. _

At the monthly meeting of the Board, on Tuesday evening, there were present—Messrs. Jas. Gregson (in the chair), Jas. Holt, Richd. Whitelegg. Fred. Swallow, Wm. Brazendale, Hugh Harrison, T. Perrin, Alex. Mclntyre, Ridgway (law clerk), Mullard kclerk), Jas. Mort (surveyor), Dr. J. M. Fox (medical officer of health).—The Clerk presented the return of the election of members on the Board. Te result being as follows: H. Harrison 617. Alex. Mclntyre 612, Edwin Holt 547, Fred. Swallow 417. The only change in the constitution of the Board is the substitutian of Mr. Edwin Holt for Mr. Swallow.—Dr. Fox Cain he felt under an obligation to the Local Board, and especially to their clerks—Mr. Ridgway and Mr. Mullard—for the way in which they ' had managed the financial affairs of the Board so as to bring them within a 2s. 2d. rate, after ,t 0 fcrful epedemic of smallpox that they had gone though within the last six months. They were perfectly clear from the disease at the present moment, and he thought they should remain so. But, as he said in his find; manifesto, they remained more or less at the mercy of Warrington He was deeply grieved to hear that the smallpox was still very prevalent in Warrington. He had no official intormation, but he had heard that there Were still many cases there, and he was very sorry for it.—Mr. Jas. Holt proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman for his cer- vices during the Year.—Mr. Swallow seconded, which was carried unanimously.

- • • "'

===== 0002601_18930408_art0170.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
REM

aglai

===== 0002601_18930408_art0171.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINEE, \TUMMY, APRIL 8. 1893.

AT OUR LOCAL CiIURCHES.

PADGATE CHURCH. Oa Sunday, Padgate Church was beautifully decorated for the services on Ester Sunday, which were very largely attended. Ihe Vicar, the Rev. J. J. Langharn, conducted the services. No less than 116 communicant' attended the sacrament, during the day.

THE P.S.A. AT WYCLIFFE. On Sunday, the Pleasant Sunday Afternoon service at Wycliffe Church, was well attended. The Rev. John Yonge was the chairman. An earnest address was delivered by Mr. W. Hickman. Mr. A. Griffiths contri- huted a solo from the " Elijah" and Mr. NV. H. Wal- lington rendered two solos. The organist was Mr. W. H. Payton. A benevolent fund from the voluntary offertories of the men has been inaugurated for the bene- fit of the members who may be in want, or when sick. New members were enrolled at the close of the meeting.

PRESENPATION OF AN ORGAN TO THE PARISH

CHURCH. A valuable three manual choral organ, presented by Mrs. William Woods, Yennell-st., to the Warrington Parish Church, was opened on Sunday. The pieces used for the opening were accompaniments to Stainer's Choral Celebration. There has been for some time much need for an organ of this kind,and Mrs. Woods,with the usual generosity of her family, has supplied the want. The tone and excellencies of the organ were very favourably commented upon, and it will, it is hoped, materially in- crease the efficiency of an already good choir.

LOCAL CONFIRMATIONS. Dr. Royston (absistant Bishop of Liverpool) held a confirmation service at St. Paul's Church, on Thursday afternoon. There was a. large attendance of parents and friends. The candidates from St. Paul's numbered thirty male, and forty-two female. There were also eight can- didates from the Bluecoat School. There were several , male and female candidates over forty years of age. 1 Before the ceremony of the laying on of hands, his Lord- ship delivered an admirable address, impressing upon the candidates the importance of the vows they were about to make. The following clergymen were also present: Rev. H. V. Pigot, Rev. E. C. E. Carleton, and the Rev. T. M. R. Young-Hughes. A confirmation was also held on Thursday at Winwick, the candidates be- longing to Winwick and Orford.

THE REV. J. YONGE AND THE RECTOR. We extract the following from the" Wycliffe Church Record "for April :—" The Pastor's aim in his rely to the Rector's criticisms was to state the case of Congre- gationalism dispassionately and clearly, and he is not without hope that he was to some extent successful in that endeavour. At any rate, it is pleasing to know that the Rector himself has recognised the spirit and tone of the Pastor's Address. In a letter received from from him by Mr. Yonge, Mr. Willis says : I write to thank you very much for the kindly, courteous, and christian tone of your remarks upon my words. I do not think that my addresses will do harm or cause had feeling. Certainly not if they are accepted in the spirit you have received them. What I shall be glad of is this, if they and the answers made, cause people to think, and care to know the truth. Anything is better than indifference, and if you hold the truth I only wish that it may prevail.' th,s acknowledgement is very gratifying and we can at any rate, sympathise with the Rector's wish that, as we believe we do hold the truth, our opinions may " prevail." We trust this general challenge of controversy may be met all round as calmly and dispassionately as we have sought to meet it our- selves. We shall have to correct the Rector's histotical allegations on the second Sunday Evening of this month, when dealing with the celebration of the Con- gregational Martyrs of 300 years ago."

to the present day. The duty of the deacons was to collect and distribute the alms of the congre- gation, to preach, if licensed by the bishap, to baptise in the absence of the priest, and to help the priest in the administration of Holy Communion. The work of the priest was to preach, and baptise, to absolve, that is, to convey God's forgivenness to those who use His ministry aright, and to administer Holy Eucharist. The bishops' work is to confirm and to or- dain. The record note was the sacraments, and the sspramental ordinances. There were two sacraments, baptism and communion which had the authority of Scripture, and the sacramental ordinances were confir- mation,holy orders, penance,absolution,hely matrimony, and holy unction—not extreme unction, which was ' Romanist. The canon of the Old and New Testaments was decided by the church in communion with the Holy Spirit. The church had a better translation of the Scrip- tures than Roma fists had, as it was translated from the originals in Greek and Hebrew, while the Romanists had a translation of the Vulgate, which was itself a translation from the Greek, and it was full of error. The church took its doctrine from the Word of God. They believed that by baptism every little infant was regene- rated. As to confirmation, only the church confirms. The Nonconformists do not pretend to confirm. Only bishops can confirm. Confirmation means strengthening the faith,by the laying on of the hands of God's minister, the bishop. Absolution was a blessed means of grace to those who used it aright. The church believed this to be optional, and not compulsory, as the Romanists be- lieve. As to Holy Communion, they did not believe in Transubstantiation, but they also did not believe in the Zwinglian idea that the communion was a mere form, but believed that after consecration there was still bread and wine as before,but that also there was an inward as well as an outward part, which was invisible, preter- naturally present. This was the doctrine of the Real Presence. He believed in making the house of God and the service as grand and as impressive as possible. It had been said that the high church were law breakers. but in his opinion the high church were the true law keepers. In conclusion, he spoke of the duty of the church among the poor, and hoped that his hearers would become more gad more attached to the church.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0172.txt | included=true | included =====
SANKEY BRIDGES WESLEYAN CHAPEL. SALE OF WORK AND ANNUAL TEA MEETING.

THE RECTOR CRITICISED. A sale of work was held in the Sankey Bridges Wes- leyan Schools, on Monday afternoon, the proceeds of which are to go towards wiping off the debt on the schools The articles offered for sale were remnants of the bazaar held last April in Bold-st., Wesleyan Schools.l The stall holders were Mesdames Tonge, Cotterall, High- ley, J. L. George, C. George, Pritchard, Miles,Entwistle, Biddle, W. Brough, T. Brough, Lawton, and Hardy. The sale was opened by the Rev. A. Freeman, who ex- plained that Mrs. Freeman, who should have opened the sale was, to her great regret, unable to be present, as she was unwell. He afterwards made a very humorous and interesting speech urging the claims of Sunday Schools, and showing their far reaching influence in the country.—The Rev. J. Kirtlan in proposing a vote of thanks to Mr. Freeman, explained that the schools had cost £1,200, and that there was still a debt of £270, which he hoped would be considerably reduced by that day's sale.—Mr. J. Summersgill seconded a vote of thanks which were passed very heartily. Mr. Freeman briefly replied and the sale then began. The sum rea- lised on the sale amounted to £22 15s. The annual tea meeting was held the same afternoon. Over 140 persons sat down to tea, and the ladies at the tables were Mrs. Miles, Miss Cannon, Miss Brough,Urs. Woolley, Mrs. Cotterall, Miss Coradine, Mrs. Tonge,Mrs. Hardy and Miss Morrall. After tea the usual meeting was held, the Rev. J. Kirtlaa in the chair. The Secre- tary, Mr. S. Blythe, read the report, which showed that there were 28 male and 8 female teachers ; 90 female and 123 male scholars, and 60 infants, total 273. The average attendance was, teachers, morning 9, afternoon 16 ; scholars morning, 100, afternoon 200. The officers for the year were Messrs. J. L. George and W. Brough, superintendents : Messrs. S. Blythe and F. Light, secre- taries; Mr.W.Summerfield,treasurer ; and Mr.R.Lawton, visitor. The treasurer's report showed that the income for the year was £42 4s. 5d., expenditure £42 18s. 7d., balance in hand 53. 101.—The cli,:dr afterwards rendered a glee "It was a lover and his lass," which was well appreciated. The Chairman then gave a brief address. Subsequently the Rev. A. Freeman addressed the meeting and said that he hoped to see the debt on the school wiped off before he left the circuit. He also alluded to Suuday schools,ancl showed their influence by the fact that there were six millions of Sunday school scholars in Great Britain and 600,000 teachers. He thought this was a sufficient argument in favour of Sunday school.—The Chairman afterwards referred to the recent address of the Rector of Warringten on the Wesleyans. He said that the address was a caricature en the idea of conver- sion. (Mr. Storey " Ile does not understand it.'') The Rector said that Methodists believed in sudden conver- sion. This was a misrepresentation of Methodism from the beginning. They led children from their infancy to realise the personal influence of Jesus Christ, and he (the speaker) thought that this would help them far more than the mere sprinkling of a few drops of water for regeneration. Of coorse they believed that conversion was sudden in some cases, though they also believed in leading children into enjoyment of personal religion , without those outward manifestations in the cases des- cribed.—Miss A. Morrall then sang with good effect " The last song." Mr. Sumtnersgill gave a very inter- esting account of the history of the school and Mr. F. Braithwaite of Birkenhead, formerly of Sankey Bridges also addressed the meeting. The ch7lir sang a glee entitled " The grass was weswith dew," and the meeting was closed with the usual votes of thanks proposed by Mr. Roff and seconded by Mr. Horrecks. After the meeting the remainder of the articles of the sale of work, were sold by auction by Mr. Sutnmersgill. The Easter services at e:ankey Bridges have been very successful almost of £4O having been taken.

THE RECTOR ON THE HOLY CATHOLIC CHURCH: ' - The Rector (the Rev. F. W. Willis), concluded his course of" instructions" on Sunday night with an ad: dress on the Holy Catholic Church.- He said that thia was an appropriate subject to conclude his " instruc. , Lions " with, and also an appropriate day. If what he said that night would tend to attach his hearers more closely and deeply to the church, he would be especially' thankful. He would first give a definition of . the .Holy Catholic Church, then speak upon six , motes of the church, and lastly of certain particulars which would, he hoped, attach them more closely to it. The church was a visible,but spiritual society open to all by holy bap- tism. The Greek word'for church means an assembly of a body of people,called out of the world,and a definition of it was given in Ephe5.1.,22,23. In the old testatnent times they found that there was a Jewish Church, lasting over 1,500 years how the time of Moses to Christ. He (the Rector) had fouhd the Mosaic dispensation most useful in forming an idea of the church. , He had found the Christian porresponding to the Mosaic in every point except that the Christian was more spiritual. St. Paul in one of his epistles compared circumcision and holy baptism together. Let them look at prophecy, taking for instance Ilebuchadnezzar's dream of the figure of which the head was of gold, the shouldere of silver, the body of brass and legs of iron and clay, and a stone came and dashed it in pieces. Daniel who explained the meaning of the dream showed that the different parts of the figure signified different kingdoms thus the head, the ! Babylonian, the shoulders, the Med° Persian, the body, the 'Greek, the legs of iron, the Romans. The stone which dashed the figure in pieces was the kingdom of Jesus Christ. All those were visible kingdoms and so the kingdom of Christ was alas to be visible. They would find also John the Baptist and Christ himself pro- claiming a kingdom of heaven, and in the apostolic times they'found that the admission into that kingdom was by baptism. when churches were founded in different parts, St. Paul always spoke of them as branctics of the one Holy Catholic Church. During his captivity, he formed the grand idea of the universality of the unity of the church. Thus they found in the New Testament that the churches are nos separate bodies, but are sireply branches of the one church. He would pass on to the notes Of the church. First of all, there . must be a definitely appointed ministry. In the Jewish Church there was a definitely appointed ministry of a threefold character, viz, high priest, priests and Levites. In the Christian Church during the lifetime of Christ, there was also a threefold character, viz. Christ, the aspoetles, and the disciples. After Christ ascended into r heaven, the apostles stepped into the place pf Christ, the disciples into the place of di% apostles, and a new body, . the deacons, was termed. After the apostolic age, the three orders were, the bishops or presbyters, the priests, and the deacons, which orders have continued

; ' - -

===== 0002601_18930408_art0173.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL SANITARY AUTHORITY.

The fortnightly meeting was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, \ Ir. Alclntyre presided and there were present Messrs. J. Knowles, John Whit- low, T. Lewis, T. Baxter, C.C., J. Wilkinscn, J. Brandreth, H. E. Heywood, John Ashton (clrrk) and G. Ashton (deputy clerk).

THR lINBUIPLOYED. A letter from the Local Government Board was read, asking for information of the works undertaken during the present winter to relieve the distress of the unem- ployed. The Clerk said he had replied that no public works had been undertaken and there was no necessity for tbem.—This was deemed satisfactory.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0174.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTIFICATION OF DISEASE.

The Cannock Rural Sanitary; Ariiii—o—irty. had forwarded the following resolution :—" That the multiplication of notifications of the existence of infectious diseases of the same nature, at the same time, on the same premises is altogether unnecessary, and therefore undesirable, and that one notice would fully meet the objects and require- ment of the act."—The subject was referred to the Medical Officer of Health.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0175.txt | included=true | included =====
SEWEIZAGE OF HFILSBY.

A letter was read from the Local Government Board inquiring what was the result of the consideration by the Authority of the sewerage and disposal of thesewage of the township of Helsby.—The Clerk was instructed to reply that the subject was still under consideration.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0176.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHIP CANAL AND DRAINAGE.

Mr. Lionel Wells, engineer, reported that he had Inspected the cast-iron pipes supplied to lay a syphon under the Manchester Ship Canal to convey sewage, &c. flowing. by Folly Brook at Weston Point into the estuary and he found they were satisfactory. These pipes were now being laid. The Company had also commenced work at the joi—t outfall to the east of Runcorn and also at the outfall below Norton. VALUABLE SERVICES RECOGNISED.

Mr. Ileywoocl moved that M. Farrington, the sani- tary inspector, be paid £2O extra remuneration for his services in connection with the smallpox outbreak, and especially with regard to the disinfection of clothing.. Mr. Farrington had dene much work beyond the duties of his office, and had run the risk of carrying the infec- tion to his family.—Mr. Wilkinson seconded the motion,. which was supported by Mr. Williams, who said if the members knew the difficulty they had met with in get- ting even a person to drive a horse or do anything at the hospital, they would the more greatly appreciate the work and the risk that Mr. Farrington had done.—The motion was carried unanimously. PARISTI COUNCILS BILL. .

The Clerk reported that had sent him a copy of the District and ParishConncilsßill. —Mr. Bran- dreth said he understood that Air. Brunner had senta great many copies of the Bill out. THU WAITER SUPPLY OF WESTON.

Mr. Aaron.r;a7icl...b.WfWe -the. -AuthorityT 'WOUId permit a person to occupy a house, their officers had to be satis- fied that there was a proper supply of water. For years at Weston they had not had a proper supply of water. Three parts of the day there was no water, and yet they had to pay the water rates. Was tkere no law to Cam. pal the Runcorn, Weston and Halton Waterworks Co., t•-, supply the people of Weston as long as they had to pay for it. The Company had even advanced the rate, but he would not much care for that, if they received the water.—The Sanitary Inspector said the water sup- ply was intermittent. —Mr. Aaron said he had made fre- quent complaints to the Company but could get no satisfaction nor redress.—The Clerk said the Company were compelled to provide a supply for domestic pur- poses, and it would be for each individual aggrieved to take action. He id not think the Authority could in- terfere.—Mr. Aaron suggested that the Authority could give the Water Company notice that they would supply for the township at the. expiration of three months.— Mr. Heywood obFerved the same notice that was given to Frodsham Water Company with regard to water.—Mr. Aaron : Yes.—The Clerk said the two cases were not analagous, but he had not the Runcorn Water Act with him, and he could not give a definite opinion.—Mr. Aaron said he sank a well in Weston about 20 years ago and he could make it supply the whole of Weston for very little money.—The subject then dropped, it being understood that the Clerk would consult the Runcorn Water Act,before the next meeting. ME SMALLPDX OVTBREABC.

Mr. Williams reported that there had been no new case of smallpox since the last meeting. There were only five patients in the hospital at the present time and three of these would be discharged in the course of a day or two. On Mr.Williams' motion arrangements were made for dispensing with the hospital staff at the earliest opportunity. PAROCHTAIi COMSEPTISES. . .

Mr. Flevwood gave notice that at the next meeting he would move the appointment of a Parochial Committee for Frodsham and Frodsham Lordship.—Mr. Brandreth gave:similar notice with regard to flelsby. TOTES,OF TITANS,. -

Mr. Heywood moved, and Mr. Aaron seconded, a vote of thanks to the Chairman for his able services during the past year.—Carried unanimously. A similar com- pliment was paid to Mr. Williams for his valuable labours in the public interest during the smallpox out- break.—The Chairman seconded the motion, which was carried, and Mr. Williams responded.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0177.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN LIBERALS AND THE VETO

BILL-

The monthly meeting of Runcorn District Liberal Association was held on Wednesday night in Union Hall, when Mr. J. D., Jones read a paper on the Local Veto Bill. Mr. R. Posnett presided. Mr. Jones mentioned the fact that it was thirty years ago that Sir Wilfred Lawson introduced the Permissive Prohibitory Liquor Bill into the House of Commons for the first time. Only forty members voted for it on that occasion. The question had been brought to its present stage mainly through the efforts of the advanced temper- ance party, those whose motto is" Total abstinence for the individual and prohibition for the State," but we had now arrived at a period when all good citizens should take their share ot the responsibilitya,nd join the abstain- ers and prohibitionists in dealing with this social evil. The demands of the advanced temperance party were "direct veto. Sunday closing ; no compensation.' Ele frankly admitted that these demands were not satisfactorily met by the Goveratnent. But as a very generous, instahnent," the Bill was gratefully accepted by the temperance party' He moved that this meeting of Runcorn District Liberal Association hails with satisfaction the introduction into the. House of Commons. of the Liquor Traffic (Local Control) Bill and expresses an earnest wish that it may at an early date be placed upon the Statute Book.—Mr. J. T. Holt seconded the motion, which was supported by Mr. B. Kniveton, who said he liked the Bill because of its extreme moderation.. It permitted hotels and re- lreshment houses to exist but would put an end to the drinking shops. (Hear, hear.)—Mr. D. Bisbrown also supported the motion. He declared that this was not a teetotaller's question but a citizen's question, and he showed how it affected. not only the moral wall-being of the community but also its material prosperity.—Mr. W. Handley, did not think the country was prepared for total prohibition, and the Bill went as far as the people were prepared for.—The Chairman pointed out that a landlord now had the Bower of stopping the tale of in- toxicating liquor, and he claimed that the people should have the same power of saying whether they would have public-houses in their midst or not. It was pointed out that the hotels that did remain could only supply to travellers or lodgers and there would be no drinking bar as now. The houses would have to be bonafide hotels and refreshment houses and not mere drinking shops.— The resolution was carried un.animously, and the Secre- tary 'Mr. J. Clarke) was instructed to forward a copy to Sir William Flarcourt and Mr. J. T. Brunner, Ma'.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0178.txt | included=true | included =====
NARROW ESOAPE FROM DROWNING

OF A RUNCORN TRADESMAN.

Mr. Jno. Beck, son of Mr. Francis Beck, of Prod- sham (partner in the firm Messrs. Handley and Beck, iron merchants, Runcorn and Widnes), had a narrow escape from drowning on Wednesday after- noon. He was crossing Boden's Lock on the Weaver Canal, at Sutton, when a parcel he was carrying came in contact with a projection, and he was thrown into the water. The water was very low in the lock at the time, and Mr. Beck kept himself afloat by holding to a cross beam on the gate. It would have been impossible for him te clim.b up the smooth masonry of the lock, but for- tunately Mr. Leonard Pollard, of Frodsham, was in the vicinity and that gentleman obtaining a rope, successfully drew Mr. Beck from his precarious position to the banks of the canal. After a change of clothes at Mr. Boden's house, Mr. Beek was en- abled to proceed to his house at Frodsham.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0179.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTION OF RUNCORN GUARDIANS

To-day the returning officer, Mr, J. W: Ashton, will cause voting papers to be oelivered in this contest, and the papers will be collected on Monday and counted at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday. The four retiring members, the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, Messrs. Samuel Taylor, A. Ft. Norman, and Thomas Lea, who have done good service in the past again seek the support of the ratepayers, to whose interest they promise to pay that zealous attention they have done is the past. The other candidates are Messrs. Thomas Handley', S. Coventry' D. H. Jones, George Henry Kirk- ham, Benjamin Knivoton, M. Timperley, George Torrie and 'Samuel Yarwood. The name of Mr. John Bate will appear on the voting paper, but that gentleman has refused to serve and any votes given to hioa,will b wasted.

-S.

UNIONIST DEIIONSTRATIOS LAST NIGHT.

Last night a "Unionist Demonstration 7 was held in the Co-operative Hall, Towns End, for the purpose of denouncing the Home Rule Bill. The two principle speakers who were announced to be present were Mr. J. Atkinson Q.C., of Dublin, and Mr. Robert Pierpoint, M.P., of Warrington. Owing to a serious illness Mr. Pierpont was unable to attend the meeting that night. Mr, Robert Davies occupied the chair, and amongst those who sup- ported him in addition to Mr. Stkinson, were Mr. F Monks, Aldermen Wright, Francomb, and Sutton. Rev. E. C. E. Carleton, and several prominent mem- bers of the Warrington Conservative Association. A resolution condemning Mr. Gladstone's Home Rule Bill was proposed by Mr. F. Monks, seconded by Alderman Sutton and supported by Mr. Atkin- son and others. The number of persons present would be about 700. As the audience. entered and left the Hall they were requested to sign a petition against the Bill.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0180.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN COUN('IL 'NOTES.

Br " OVEULOOKBR."

In speaking of the Town Connell meeting on Tuesday evening, the old adage may be reversed and say that it came in like a lamb and went out like a lion. The minutes of two of the committees —the Watch and the Street Improvement—were proposed and adopted almost before it was fairly realised that business bad begun. There was, it is true, no incitement to loquacityin connection with either of them. Councillor Dixon was the first to break the " conspiracy of silence " which, it almost seemed, the members of the Council had enteted into, and he wanted to know from the Chairman of the Health Committee if a better disinfectant could not be had than that now in use. Some people, it seems, are of opinion that some of the smallpox might have been prevented if a more effective germicide had been used. Councillor Greening seemed disposed to protest against a " hot-bed " of disease being kept in the town by taking smallpox patients from the rural district. It was explained that the question of the disinfectants was about to be considered by a kind of joint sub-committee, and Alderman Sutton apologetically explained that there were only about fourteen smallpox cases from the outside district. Councillor Hill wanted to know how many smallpox cases there are in War- rington, but he was too late—the Chairman of the Committee had spoken, and the standing orders can be inexorable when it is so desired.

Councillor BEAMAN next submitted the minutes of the Sanitary Works Committee, of which he is chairman. His speech was clear, concise, and op- timistic. The new regime is working wonders at the Longford and intercepting depots—bringing order out of chaos, so to speak. There are now and have not been for the past, year any complaints of nuisance from the intercepting depots, and when arrangements have been completed,tbe possibilities of offensive odour enianating from those interesting structures will be reduced to a minimum. As to Longford depot, they had had a successful year— the " only successful year in its histOry said Mr. ' Beaman. This was mainly due to the skill and energy of the new manager, to whom high praise was given. Alderman Sutton suggested that the credit for the happy transformation of Longford might be due to Councillor Dixon. who is a com- paratively new member of the committee having charge of the depots. That gentleman, however, at once unselfishly disclaimed any special title to credit, but he added that he and one or two Friends were seeing what could be further done in the way of improvements.

The minutes of the Paving and Sewerage Com- mittee, and of the School Attendance Committee did not call for any special comment. As vice- chairman of the Museum, Scc., Committee, Coun- cillor 11. Roberts called attention to the gifts that the Committee had lately received, and he specially mentioned those which had been received from the borough member, Mr. 1L Pierpoint. The Commit- tee, it appears, are anxious to form a special gallery of Warrington worthies and Mr. Pierpeint's recent 'gifts were acceptable contributions towards this ' object. On the Cemetery Committee's minutes coming under review Councillor Muir explained how it was that some of the councillors had their funeral apparel dirtied in, the cemetery church at the burial of the late borough treasurer. A care- taker had carefully dusted every part of the chapel except one corner when he was called away, and that particular corner, as it happened, was the one in which some of the councillors found themselves.

The minutes of the Town Hall and Baths Com- mittee were moved by Alderman thandley and he explained that the new baths are to be supplied with Appleton water which is cheaper than that from Winwick. It would seem that the Appleton water has some peculiar characteristics. To those who look upon it in the baths it has a yellowish - green appearance, but this is not so much due to the intrinsic qualities of the water as to the ocular illusions caused by the " reflections of the 'roof and other muses" as Alderman Chandley put it. Coun- cillor Flood called attention to the dismissal by the Committee of the bath-keeper after sixteen years service, and Councillor H. Roberts, who also spoke against the summary dismissal of old ser- vauts,humoursly suggested that they might appoint a " consulting " bath-manager, just as they had appointed a consulting gas manager and a consult- ing head gardener.

The Gas Committee may be discribed as the "autocrat" of the Town Council Committees. ,It does not hold itself bound by the resolutions of the Council in the same way as the other committees do, and particularly it often declines to condescend to give the usual particulrs as to the tenders it In order to get some of these particulars, Councillor Roberts moved the rejection of a pro- posal to accept tenders for 1.000 tons of cannel and for a supply of gas pipes and castiu4S,' and after a rather lively debate the proposal was carried by fourteen votes to. ten. Councillor It T. Faircjouzh thereupon plaintively inquired who was going to pay for the cannel which. was • already at the gas works. Councillor 'Roberts moved another amendment on the Fina'nce Committee's minutes to the effect that ' the paying of the sum of £7,650 6s; lid., which is the cost of the smallpox epidemic up to date,should be spread over two years instead of one, and this amendment, too, was carried by fourteen votes td eleven. The concluding business of the Council was the consideration of a resolution proposed lay Councillor 11. T. Fairclough that a previous resolu- tien of the Council requiring that all tenders involving an expenditure of £2O and upwards be advertised for should be rescinded. The proposal was, however, so strongly opposed that it was withdrawn.

DEATH OF MR. WILLIAM BARLOW.

Mr. Wm. Barlow, a well known citizen of War- rington, died very suddenly, about 2.20 yesterday morning, in his .58th veer, from .failure of the heart's action. He retired to rest apparently in good health on Thursday night, but took suddenly ill during the night, and three medical men, Drs. Starkey Smith, Reginald Smith and Sherratt, were called in, but their assistance was of no avail, for he died almost immediately. The deceased gentle- man has been manager of the Liverpool and Dis- trict Bank for 19 years, and was very highly respected. In the capapity of manager of the bank, he was banker to the Corporation. He was a prominent Wehleyan, and has held offices in con- nection with the Warrington Circuit, and was at the time of his death treasurer for the foreign missions. Ile was a very popular chairman, and was frequently chosen as such at various meetings of that body. He was a widower and leaves no family. Ile had resided in Warrington since 1884. Apart from his connection with they affairs of the Wesleyan body, Mr. Barlow did not take any active part in public affairs. He was a man of cultured tastes, and his collection of pictures and other works of art is one of great value.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0181.txt | included=true | included =====
.PLEASANT StrNDAY AFTERAOONS

AT THE Y.M.C.A.

The meeting on Sunday, was the first Sninday in the second quarter, and was conducted as a service of praise. The chair vrae taken by Mr. T. Kent. Dr. Starkey Smith, J.P. (who distributed the prizes to those who had made twelve attendances dUring the quarter), said it gave him great pleasure ticr be present that afternoon. Hee had marked the pro- gress of the society, and was gratified to find it had been so well attended. Hb- had no doubt it woutid do a great amount of good.. He was alto pleased with the array of books to be given as prizes; the perusal of such works would be most interesting, besides being productive of hating good. !-le hoped the meetings would go on and prosper. The prime were then distributed amidst applause. Mr.Wiliiam 'Roberts next addressed the meeting, and spoke of the excellent quality of the addresses given and the , work in general. He said it gave him considerable pleasure to think the jealousies of the sects were unknown in their meetings. Men of all shades of 'religious opinion met on commen ground, and sti- mulated and encouraged eaah other. Mr. H. Taylor gave a recitation. Miss Kent sang two solos, "No Shadows Yonder," and "1 have read of a Beautiful City," for which she was heartily applauded. New members were enrolled.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0182.txt | included=true | included =====
'RESCUE FROM DROWNING AT

RUNCORN.

While proceeding home at an early hour on Fri- day morning, Mr. G. S. Frith heard shouts for assistance from the canal at Haltom-road, and pro- ceeding there found a man clinging to the towpath with his bands, but unable to raise }Arena out of the. water. Mr. Frith helped him to a place of safety,and the man,who said he lived at Stonehills- lanopstated that he had fallen into the canal over the wall in Malton-road. The man was in an tot- hausted condition, and Mr. Frith took him home.

===== 0002601_18930408_art0183.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting was held at Dutton Workhouse, on Tuesday, under the presidency.of Mr. Ji MeLntyre. There were also present Messrs. A. R. Norman, T. Les, S. Taylor, P. Hall, 3. Knowles, John Whi tlow,. T. Lewis, T. Baxter, C.C, J. Wilkin- son, J.: Brandreth, 11, E. Heywood, E. Aaron, John Ashton (clerk), and G. Ashton (deputy elerk). THE RITE.R WEAVER NAVIGATION.

MR. BRUNNER'S PETITION. The fitst business was the consideration of the peti- tion against the Bill, promoted by the River Weaver Trustees, forwarded for the Board's support by Mr. J. T. Brunner, ALP: The petition was published in full in the proceedings 0 the last meeting. Brieflt, the petition desired the House of Lords to insert clauses in the Bill which woultlefirstly, place the navigation in the hands of a body fairly representative of the trade and the -navigation interests ; secondly, revising the tolls so as to make :them fair and equal and abolishing the exemp- tions therefrom ; thirdly, providing that' any surplus shall be applied to navigation purposes and in reduc- tion of tolls and fourthly, providing for the proper audit andmAlleation of accounts. The Clerk- presented an elaborate digest a the River Weaver Acts, and he summed up the position shortly' las folloyea-:—Certain gentlemen were empowered by an 'Act passed- in the year 1720 to make the -river Weaver navigable between Frodsham Bridge and Winsford, the reasons for the undertaking being as stated in the Act "that it would not only be very beneficial and convenient as welt for the carriage of salt and cheese, (the great manufactures and produce of the County) as 0. other goods and merchandise to and from the towns and parts adjacent, but would be a means to pre- serve the highways in the said county and be for the ' good Of the-public." I Subsequent Acts vested the undertaking in a body of trustees composed of a large number of gentlemen of Cheshire and authorised them to make and raaintain the canal from the Weaver to Weston Point. By these Acts the- trustees are authorised to charge s—For every ton of ashler stone, burr stone, and bricks, carried on the navigation. 2d. For every ton of pig metal, iron mine, ironstone,: limestone, flag, paving stonee. or millstones, 10d. For every ton of ether goods and commodities, is. Subjectehowever, as follows :—Owners and occupiers of lands adjoining the river may use pleasure boats without' paying any duty. Rock-salt carried between Winsford Bridge, and Acton Bridge Lock and used only for the purpose of being refined and made into white salt is to be charged only 61. per ton. All dung, marl, mould, soil, and bones, carried in any vessel owned or hired by any owner-or occupier of lands within fiver miles of the navigation to be used for Manuring land in any parish, township, hamlet, village, or place, through which the navigation passes and all material for any highways in the) counts, of Chester are exempt fret-neon. All corn, potatomi,:cheese, timber, and free-stone,, the produce of lands within the townships of Sutton e Clifton, and Weston, and all coals and limestone carried for the benefit of the owners and occupiers of houses or land within the same townships are exempt from toll. Shitch or sea manure is to be gotten loaded, carried and unloaded at the expense of the trustees for the use of owners and occupiers of land on the Wagon side of the canal in the township of Weston on payment of the sum of N. for every 64, square yards 0 such slutch or sea manure. 'the tells are to be applied‘as follows in repayment of the costs pf construction ; 2nd, in preserving and improving the navigation and providine certein churches and schools and the endowments of such churches ; 3rd, towards amending and repairing the public bridges in the county; 4th, towards repairing anti amending the highvsays on the county or such other public charges or uses of the county and in such manner as the justices of the county shall direct. Mr. T. Lewis did not consider it desirable that the exemptions E 0 far as regarded farmers should be abolished. Mr. ' Heywend said Mr. Brunners's proposal meant taking 10 or 15 thousand a year from the county. Mr. Aaron : And puttinc it in their own pockets. Mr. Bra telreth threteht Mr. Brunner asked rather too much. If he had only asked that- the Weaver should be mauresed by a bedy elected by ratepayers, then he would have supported tile petition. Mr. Brunnner wished to settle everything. Mr. Aaron stated that in his long acquaintance with the Weaver. as he had said on Previous occasions in that Board room, lie had seen the-Weaver trustees waste thousands of pounds. The Trust belonged to the county and he believed in making it a properly representative body. Mr. A. R. Norman said he must enter his protest against any personal reflections being cast upon- Mr. Brunner in the matter. (Flear,heare It was in a very bad taste et the last meeting, when nearly the whole of the Board admitted that they knew very little about the question to attribute Selfish motives to Mr. Brunner. As a member of the Board he entered his protest against that kind of thing. He had known Mr. Brunner as a public man for a long time, and he had never once known him to be influenced by personal matters in his public career. On the other hand he had frequently noticed that he had advocated things that he believed for the rublic gocill, that had keen detrimental to him personally. It did seem reasonable that the Weaver Trust should he a representative Board ands that was one of the main features that Mr. Brunner was trying to inausorrate. In regard toithe tolls it had been sug- gested that he was indirectly trying to influence his own pocket. tie knew for a tact that at present the Alkali trade d6erm the Weaver paid 25 per cent., or about the t, less than the Salt Union. If a revision of toile took place the Salt Union would be very likely the first to benefit ; and whatever motives Mr. Brunner might have in preparing that petition they were not selfish or personal motives. Although there were one or two points they eotild not at all endorse, they were all agreed that the Trust ought to be a representative Board. Any- one who had power to nominate a member for the Trust 'could not do so without going cap in hand and asking whether the person they intended to nominate would be agreeable to the members of the present Board. That was a state of things that reflected upon us in this age, and he thought Mr. Brunner in taking action had been ' animated by pure motives and was deserving of their support. Mr. Fleywood pretested against the construction put upon these proceedings at the last meeting by Mr. Norman. Be did not think it, was the opinion of the, Board that Mr. Brunner was acting from selfish motives, or that any member held that opinion. He did not think there was anything said at the last meeting about selfish- ness, except one member stated that it would be to Mr,

.);1.

AI, . MEJKORIAL CAPPS) TrEO CIRCULA.RS, BILLHEADS, MEMORANDIISI,g,,'.iIi,,,I Handbills, Window Bills, Posters, and pri0...t`,,,—,7 'executed with neatness and despatch bV J__,„ato°'''''' . tan Borough 73ress 34, Bridge-streab..Warr""` —II. . ' THE NIANCII,gSTER TAILORING & CI DEPOT, 1 3 and 10 HO RSEMARKET-STREET, NSI'l . WARRINGTON, elt s9o' ARE MOWING the LARGES 2. RANGES o!„„‘„,,s,r MAKE 3 of CLOTHS for MOURNING WEAR in SERGE, VIENNA 3,, LLAMA and SUITS READY MADE OR TO M144.31.iNE at 61,:i.10 staci , fooMEN, YOUTHS and BOYS SIZE'S. W6ll xn ' thoroughly reliable. tn•••••••, ....f..,..fiev0na.0.: COI S Illi AIX 014 met' Warrington.—Pritited and Published by JSR-1 at The Examtrar ,General Printing Woks. .0 torityr'si. and PublishecWso at The Exm ainer aaiaes, • 4-4tr3oP, I 'N _ H , WID MS ;,igh-street, lioNooas . a.l. 0 e'lrgB--!--14•Y4 4 Helen ; M.d. l'lnket-street, 'vAi4j,:v,3ToFrl*

\

41s0 LOT4‘-`ll''*

'

===== 0002601_18930408_art0184.txt | included=true | included =====
Brunner's interest that he shonld get the petition before Parliament. One newspaper had said that Board was a- most selfish goard, and that there was no doubt their selfishness would lead them to reject the petition. Be did not think it cbuld be called selfishness, if a man ivag putting his hand into another meats pocket which theit signing that petition, would be, if the second man in self defence took that hand out again. without anything' in it. If they agreed to that petition it would certginly be allowing somebody erse's hand into their own pockets to take something' from them. (Mr. Norman : It depends upon how you got that something.) They had derived benent from the Sur' plus paid to the County, and he held that that money was an equivalant for something given up when the navigation was made. If :se was in possesnon of money which had descended from his greatgrandfeher, and the 1 way in which it came was now forgotten, that was no I reason why IN3 should give it up. He dial not think there was any objection to making the trust is represen. tative elected body, but when it came to aboliAing the exemptions and revising tolls which would take so much. money from their pockets, it would be sirup!i suicidal for them to support the petition, He asked t'te Board not to 1,60 k upon this as a politiell matter. The Chairman said he did not think the Board had ever displayed political bias in its proceedings. He be- lieved Mr. Brunner's motive was entirely to promote dustries upon the river Weaver. Mr. Aaron said it was not right' to take the menet from the crounty. The Chairman replied that possiblY the County would .4 be more benefited by an increase of trade than by, the small sum of £15,003 occasionally paid to the county rate.

Mr. Baxter said no payment had been paid to tile county by the Trust for several years. - Mr. Brandreth said as a trader he would support M. Brunner in thematter; bat they were there representieW the County, and he could not in that aspect support t:/0' petition.. , He would support converting The Trust into a, body elected by the ratepayers. • Mr. Norman said that there was one point that should' not be overlooked. Fibm'whatever cans.the salt trade , was languishing very much, and having a heavy bur' ;den imposed on the carriage of salt, the trade might be, driven from the district altogether. Althouuli ther, might be making a •ccncession with nnp hind, they' 'should gain very muck with the other. As t) exceptions ;he did not see why one' crass of goods carried on the Weaver should be exempt at the expense of another' of goods. He moved that the petition be sigued. t Mr. Lea seconded. -

I Mr. Heywood moved that a letter be sent to Mr. Brun' Per thanking him for his courtesy to the Iriard in the past and expressing regret that they could not support the petition beyond agreeing that the Trusi should lA° managed by an elected tepresentative body. Mr. Aaron seconded tittamendment. Mr. Taylor supported the motion. For the amendment tire veted, Messrs. HRywood, Brandreth, Knowles. Aaron, Baxter, Lewis, Wilkinson+ john Whitlow-8. For the motion, Messrs. Norman? I Lea, Taylor, Williams, and the Chairman.-.-5. 'rb° amendment was put as a substantial motion,and carried unanimously.—Mr. Baxter rematked that if the trustees were abolished it was probable the Weaver NOlvigation would be vested in the County Council.—Mr. Aaron : prnnerly managed, the Weaver would moire souls money.

VAGILLM, WARDS. M. Percy Silcock, architect, Warrington, submitted plans of proposed , new vagrant wards, which he est mated could be carried out for £2os.—Mr. %Wilms 5. the Cbmmittee had examined the plans and inspectle: the site, and they recommended that the Board &dor the plans and forward their to the Local Governtneo Boardfor approval.—The Board pursued this course. AN PATIBNT. DM W. E. Burton; of Frodsham, drew the attention °f the Guardians to the case of small-pox, George-Benson, No. But, Frodsham Marsh, early in January last, b_,°‘ fore the Board had their isolation hospital. He wants' a great deal of extra individual care to prevent the spreading, and the journey down to Frodsham was vet.,,g bad, never fit to drive or ride, and even impassible: walk bn, more than one occasion when h& had to go Runcorn and via engine tothe huts. This took a gre.', deal of extra time and attention, to say nothing of 100,1 patients, who would not be attended by a medicA attending& smallpox case. Considering these facts, tft gether with the successful' issue of the case, he bor; the Board would see their way clear to allow him so°l extra.renumeration, say the sum of £5 —Mr. %Tiflis' gave notice that at the next meeting he would move Dr. Barton be paid the sum mentioned.

THE zosse. Mr. Williams reported that the House Committee made their quarterly inspestion of the Workhouse, a had flmntl everything very satisfactory. Thera was complaint whatever. VOTES OPSVANKS. Cord Sal votes of thanks were accorded to man and vice-chairnsan for the services duringthe year.

• 81 S., be', 9y clae,

===== 0002601_18930408_art0185.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
INACCESSIVIZE

C IT

===== 0002601_18930408_art0186.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Xxl At 3 Ren PRA

===== 0002601_18930408_art0187.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
T SA' 1,0( ChL

===== 0002601_18930408_art0188.txt | included=true | included =====
Arii Nh be c I)A 1111

===== 0002601_18930408_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL. RUNCO RN v. WARRINGTON, On WEDNESDAY, April 12th, on the 11/WELL-LANE ENCLOSURE, RUNCORN. Kick-off at 5.30.

miss PRAMIER'S Second ANNUAL BALL will be held in the PUBLIC HALL, RUNCORN, on WED- .7rnidelri,dßAPßlLl2th, 1893, commencing at 8-30. warniriZtoTain Tickets by applying at 42. Lovely tie A. Ens will start from E. CONNER'S, Sankey-street, at a 'Patter past seven, an dreturn a,ter the Ball.

MONDAY, APRIL 10Tn, 1813, IN THE PUBLIC HALL, RUNCORN, SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT OF • IVADAR NACHEZ Ass THE EMINENT HUNGARIAN VIOLINIST. °elated witit this eminent performer will be the following )05. Vocalists and nusicans. To- MYTTON THORNYCROFT. The Hon BLANCHE LLIrl ,lAC IE, The Rev. J. ELSTOB, The Rev. A. T. POWLEY. bidecre"t to commence at 7 30. Tickets 35., 25., is., may be rent Mr. Bellamy. 6s. High-st., Runcorn, and from Mr. .'°o4forcl, Malrt-st., Frodsham. W YCLIFFE CHURCH, BEWSEY-STRERT, WARRINGTON, TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) APRIL At 10 N ; MONTHLY SERVICE FOR YOUNG YoNr„L',,,E at 6.30, SPFCIAL SERMON by the Rev. J. i UOfl" THE CONGREGATIONAL MARTYRS OF culd HIJNORRD YHARS AGO." Barrow. Greenwood, .A.De'renrY, executed for their Congregational principles, in alid May, 1593. Usual offertories.

T E NATIONAL SOCIETI FOR THE PRE- VENTION OF CRUELTY TO CHILDREN. WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT BRANCH. THE ANNUAL PUBLIC MEETING g w will be held in TOWN HALL, WARRINGTON, on MONDAY, APRIL 10th, at 8.15 p.m. BOLTON, (of the National Society London) will address the meeting.

T------" WARRINGTON INFIRMARY AND DISPRNSARY. THE ANNUAL BALL Will take Place et the LION HOTEL, it., andel Can 't hOe be 3i obtained a i nS Hotel. eDd A from Y . Mr. APRIL Tick ,11th, 1893. Percival PERM, Sankey- C-M----___ _ B.GASHELLDAVIES, Hon. Sec. . S. PAUL'S WARRINGTON. 0 --- THE ANNUAL SAL'S OF WORK ' In the INPANTs' SCHOOL. KENDRICK-STREET, OS MOT Will be opened at 2.30 p.m., "4uNDAY, APRIL 10rn, by the MAYORESS (Mrs. Asl;4l. , Edward GreenalD. --- —4'oll-one shilling; alter six o'clock, Sixpence.

W°MEN'S L-IBERTh ASSOCIATION. TEE SALE OF WORK k ; a'd of the Warrington Liberal Association WILL BE CONTINUED TRW (SATURDAY) EVENING, st the ' LIBERAL CLUB, BRWSBY STREET. at A 0 o'clock. • vA„ —4LIVry ENTERTAINMENT will be GIVEN at 8 0 CLOCK. ADMISSION FREE:

'WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY. (Season 1892-93.) PRESIORNT:—JOHN RYLANDS, ESQ., J.P. THE' FINAL CONCERT et the Season will be given in the Royal Court Theatre, on WRDNESDAY, APRIL 12TR. 1893. MENDELSSOHN'S " ATHALIE " MISCELLANEOUS SRCOND PART. VOCALISTS:— , MISS JEA NIB SADLER, SOPRANO. • , MISS LOUISE CESTRIA, SOPRANO. MADAME BERTENSHA.W, CONTRLI,To. It RAND AND CHORUS oft 200 PERFORMERS. "- OgoeNtsT AND ACCOMPANIST :—Mr. J.B. CALDWELL.. Cognuoron : -Mr. FRANK H. CROSSLRY. teeP•ARTHUS EDELSTEN has kindly consented to the narrative portions of Athalie.” °°r, open 7 pm, Concert. 7.45. Carriages, 10 o'clock. s Prices of admission 68., Is., 3s. 25.. and is. A ''al trains to Latchford, Thelwall and Lyrnm, from (ZoY,and to Earle,town. and Newton-le-Willows from Bank will leave alter the concert. W. E. ATICIN, Hon. Sec

I?UPTURES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. _Liu T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Trues and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 &9. Grosvenor-street, Lon- don-road. Manchester.

BUXTON LIME FIRMS COMFANY LIMITED. —As Agents for above, we have always a stock of Lime at our wharf. Central Station, Warrington; prices qnoted, delivered by rail, cart, or boat.—Apply CLARE and RIDGWAY, Central Station, Warrington, and Sankey Brides.

IUONEY LENT ON, or PURCHASED to any IVI. Amount, Plate, Watches, Jewellery, Diamonds. Par- cels by post attended to by return. The Finest and Cheapest Stock of Forfeited Watches and Jewellery In Lancaskire.— HILL, Pawnbroker, S. James' Theatre, Manchester.

. _ HARDAWAY AND TOPPING (late BOULOGNB-SUR-MHE), • rr.,trsHlNG, HOLLAND. Postage 20. Daily Price List forwarded free on receipt of address. The Oldest Established Firm of Turf Commission Agents in the World. No representatives.

PARK ROAD, NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS. MR. P. FAIRCLOUGII, Organist and Choir- master St. Peter's Church; Member of Trinity college, London, Solicits Pupils for Pianoforte, Organ Singing, Theory, dm. Terms moderate. Pupils prepared for the Trinity College and other Examinations. pianos carefully Tuned. Terms Moderate.

THOROUGHBRND STALLION. SEASON 1893. ELLHOUSE FARM, ACTON GRANGE, CHES- HIRE.—PALUMON, 3 years, by NAUTILUS, winner cf 28 races (Hermit-Ittrchettina) out of 50110. a winner (Vestminste- Soham Lass) ;10 approved mares.—Full Pedi- gree and further particulars on application to Mr. JENKINS, solicitor, Warrington.

RUNCORN UNION.-ELECTION OF GUAR- DIANS. TO TRE RATEPAYERS OF RUNCORN. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN. We, the retiring Guardians for Runcorn, tender you our hearty thanks for your confidence and support in the oast, and have pleasure in again placing our services at your disposal. In performing the duties that hive hitherto devolved upon us, our one aim has been to merit the trust reposed in us and we hope our efforts have met with your approval. Should it be your will that we sg .in represent you on the Board, we assure you of our determination to fulfil your wishes to the best of our ability. Yours faithfully, SAMUEL TAYLOR. JNG. BAPTIST GASTALDI. THOMAS LEA. ALFRED R. NORMAN. Runcorn, April 6th, 1893.

A CCIDENTS WILL HAPPEN. TUE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO., ("The ol&,st and largest.") Has since 1849 pal I for ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS £3,200,r00. Established 1849. Rt. Hon. EVELYN ASHLEY, Chairman 84, Cornhill, London. • W. D. MASSY,' see,tetaries A. VIAN, AGENTS Warrington Mr. HOLMES, Market Gate. Mr. W. H. RIGBEY, Central Station. St. fielens Knutsford Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER. Sandbach Mr. R. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge.

IHOMAS UOWDELL. HOUSE AND ESTATE AGENT, 38, KNUTSFORD-ROAD, WARRINGTON. RENTS of Cottages and other Property in town or country regularly collected and paid over monthly, quarterly, or as desired. T.C. collects in Warrington, Widnes, Runcorn, and Prod- sham on Mondays; Lymm and district, on Tuesdays. References and terms on application.

TOMAS FRAIN begs to intimate that he has taken into partnership Mr. WILLIAM GROVE, and that his business will in future be carried on under the name of FRAIN AND GROVE, RENTand DEBT COLLECTORS, House, Estate, and General Commission Agents, 12, EDGEWORTH STREET, WARRINGTON. RENTS AND ACCOUNTS regularly collected in town or country,—DEßTS PURCHASED. References and Terms on application. Communications promptly attended to.

R. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (COW HIDE) from 16s. Od. LADIES' DE! SS BASICEIS from 245. Od. 39, DALE-ST., AND 8, PARKER-ST LIVERPOOL.

TRIPE! TRIPE! CHIP POTATOES. -- 43 to TOM PLATT'S, 24, BRIDGE STREET, BARU'S- TOWN, for noted Tripe ; fresh daily. His Chip potatoes cooked in pure lard, by patent machinery, are a speciality, and can be relied upon. • T. PLATT is also prepared to supply in any quantity Neatsfoot oil. and English tallow.

JAMES WEBSTER, MIDDELBURGH, HOLLAND. " The Turf Chronicle," containing the Latest Market Movements. on the 8 PRING HANDICAPS and ALL OTHER IMPORTANT EVENTS, Forwarded free on receipt of address. ' DOUBLE AND TREBLE EVENTS. STARTING PRICES ON ALL RACES. ACCUMULATIVE COMMISSIONS. N.B.—All communications should be addressed JAMES WEBSTER, • Middelburg, Holland.

TEETH ! TEETH! TEETH! MACDONALD'S FREE DUNTORIUM. WHOLBSALB ARTIFICIAL 'METH MANUFACTORY (Registered.) By 11.M.R. Letters Patent. (Trade Mark.) The Best and Cheapest Hoe in the Profession. Single Teeth, 25.; Sets, 20s. Fit and Quality Gusranteed. Patients fitted while they wait. A lady in attendance. The Trade Supplied. All best materials and workmt Teeth extracted free from 6 to 8 p.m. Teetla extracted without pain. Free consultations. Telegraphic Address Dentist," Manchester. 29. PICCADILY (Opposite Infirmary Clock), MANC:HRSTER.

ESSRS. CUMPSTY AND SO NS SURGEON DENTISTS. EXTRACT TEETH WITHOUT PAIN. 78—ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL-78 wrrn lII,TROITS OXIDE GAS. A SET OF ARTIFICIAL IBETH, WITH ALL THE LATEYT IMPROVEMENTS, FROM 39. VER TOOTH. Mr. Cumpsty's advertisement to extract teeth ivithout pain is strictly correct. Samuel Nash, Secretary Young Men's Christian Apoelation.-10th August, 1869,

J• AMES WILLIAMS, CEA IR AND CABINET MANUFACTU!rit; 28 and 28, GEORGE LEIGH-STREET. • AND 37, GREAT ANCOATS STREET, MANCHESTER. • Cheapest HOUSE in the Trade. EsTABLISHED 1E25.

THE HUMAN HAIE.: IF 3":.-)UR HAIR IS FALEIRG OPT. Commit S. TAYLOR, or eHia Renowned Preparations, CANTHARIDES EXTRACT and POMADE, which are CERTAIN RESTORERS of the HAIR. TAYLOR'S SEDATIVE AND NUTRITIVE CREAM is Infallible for perfectly Relieving the Skin from Irritation and Freeing the Hair from fiend Prepared only by S. TAYLOR, H AIRDRESSER AND PERyUMER, 26 AND 28, KING-STREET. MANCHESTER.

üblitationsi 46 HOW TO ENSURE HEALTII."—A medical work giving ssPrescriptinns and Instructions for the cure of sUI kinds of Debility ; post.iree, two stamps Address Dr. BARNES, 48, Lnnsdale Square. Barnsbury London, IC

SOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office: 168. ISLINGTON.SQUAILE, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable 6s Weekly, Entire Charge El. 2s. 3d. £5O, „ 20s. ~ „ £3 9e. Od. £lO9, „ 40e. ~ £6 16s. Od. ALEX. GORDON. Manager.

rIHE SIGN OF 4," 1 followed by 3, is the number of HEMBREY'S LINOLEUM WAREHOUSE in CROSS-STREET, where you can buy the best and most perfect designs in Linoleum thoroughly matured and ready for laying from Is. 4d. per squAre yard upwards ; Linoleum, Corticine Cork Carpet hugs, Brussels and Tapestry Carpets and Squares, Mats, Matting, Austrian Bentwood Chairs, Tables, &a. The Largest Stock and Best Selection in the Provinces. HEMBRY & CO., • 43. CROSS-STREET (Albert-square). MANCHESTER.

Dividends guaranteed at the rate of seven percent. by the Vendor upon the Capital paid up for the first five years &wing the development and extension of the business. HARVEY'S OYSTER COMPANY, LIMITED. To purchase two old-established going concerns—one of 60 years' standing, with 19 BRANCHES in full working order— all strictly cash transactions. Incorporated under the Companies Act, 1862. and Amend- ing Acts. with Shareholders' liabilities limited to the amount of their Shares. CAPITAL £30,000, IN 30,000 SHARES OF El EACH, PAYABLE 2s. 6d. per Share on Application, 125. 6d. per Share on Allot- ment, the balance as and when required, subject to one month's notice. DIRECTORS. MAJOR-GENERAL SIR JO ITN CA VI PBELL, BART., C.B. JOSEPH R. COX, Escl (Director of J. S. MOONEY & Co., Limited), Dublin and London. W. PERING-PAIGE, Esq., The Chantrys. Highbury Quadrant. N. (Director of HARRISON, HARBFR, & CO., LIMITED; WOoLWICH AND SoUTII-BAST LONDON TEAMS; and ACCRINGTON CORPORATION 6TRAII TRAIdwAYS COMPANY). JOHN EDWARD TIIOMPSON, Esq., J.P., Clonfin, Granard, Ireland. *JAMES HARVEY, Esq , of High Street, Dudley—Walsall, Birmingham, Wolv- rhampten, !ea.—Managing Bir.ctor. *Will join the Board after allotment. BANKERS. LONDON JOINT STOCK BANK, LIMITED, Lothbury, and Brooches. SOLICITOR. F. SCOTT, Esq., 72, Bishopsgate Street, Within, E.O. AUDITOR. W. C. WICKHAM, Esq. Chartered Accountant, 44, Tower Chambers, ILO. SECREIARY pro tem. Mn. THOMAS HALL. OFFICES. 43, 44, & 43, TOWER CHAMBERS, MOORGATE STREET, LONDON, E.C, PROSPECTUS. This Company has been founded to acquire, carry on, and extend two very old and well-established businesses, those of Messrs./lA.lmm, & Fx.knoLlaaving NiBYBEE BRANCHES in various centres of industry in England and Ireland (some of which have been ca ried on during the past SIXTY YEARS) In the Oyster trade, the profitable nature and exclusiveness of which trade is well knowp. The businesses are Wholesale and Retail, having two fully- licensed Public Houses and Oy ste: Bars connected therewith, and also extensive Oyster Beds at Bangor, together withlargc quentities of Oysters laid down on such beds for future con- sumption. The Bangor Oyster Beds are well known to be the best feeding groun is in this country, and have teen proved to be admirably adapted for relaying English and Foreign Oysters. The Coin , any will possess sufficient space there for planting TEN MILLION Oysters. The Company having acquired so many established whole- sale and retail branches will, by carefully watching the mar- kets and buying Oysters dire t from the grewers, and relaying them in the Company's beds until in a suitable condition for the market, very considerably extend the epei attune, and improve the retains of the purchased busi- nesses. The Vendors of these establishments are Mr. JAMES HARVEY, or Dudley, and Mr. JOHN FEARoN, of Liverpool, who have traded as leading Oyster Growers, Dealers, and Merchants for a considerable period. Both businesses are firmly established and very lucrative, and have been in their respective families for very many years. The circumstances under which these profitable going con- cerns are to be disposed of are that Mr. OUR FEARoN has decided to retire from the bushiess altogether, and Br. ' HARVEY, regarding his retirement as an exceptional oppor- tunity for amalgamating the two branches, has arranged with Mi.FAARON to acquire his separate businesses so as to be able to iransfer the combined concerns to a Company under she Limited Liability Acts, whereby, with the additional Capital thus acquired, and by opening up branches in Lon- don, Liverpool, manchester, and Birmingham fur the' whole- sale trade an i otherwise, an enormously increased trade may be developed. Mr Feseuxsunder the at resaid arrangement has agreed to give Mr. HARVEY and the Company gratuitous assistance as regards the branches winch belonged to him for at least one year. The Properties to to purchased consist of Leasehold and duly-licensed establishments, at moderate rentals, situate at BIRMINGTON —7l, Smallbrook Street. CHRLTENHAM—Regent Street. DERBY-18. London Road. DOUGLAS (Isle of Man)—Strand Street, Victoria Street,and Derby Castle. D ÜBLIN —lB, Scuth Ann Street. DUDLEY—" Hope Inn," 169, high Street, 193, High Street. NEW BRIGHTON-18, 19, & 20, Lower Parade, The Stores, Victoria street. WALSALL-9, Bridge Street. WARRINGTON—Sankey Street. The Stores, Market Place. WOLVERHAMPTON—snow Hill, 27, Market Street, Liquor Vaults A Oyster Bars in Market Street. including all theVendors' interests in the leases, goodwill, premises, furniture, fittings, and stock-in-traoe, together with the unexpired leases, (18 and 12 years respectively) of the Bangor Oyster Beds, with the splendid stock of Oysters ' thereon. The Vendor Mr. HARVEY guarantees that the present Sales at the above Premises average One Million three hundred thousand Oysters. viz.: 200,000 during the bummer and 70 ,00 in the Winter, while Mr. PEARSON'S sales average One Million seven hundred thousand Oysters, over 3,0.0,000 Oysters between the two Firms annually. The price fixed for the purchase of the joint properties, dm, will be £lB,OOO whereof dir. HArtVEY will receive for his 13 Establishments and Oyster Beds, and all his interests therein t7iiltiae:Crkocem: i,,,piErgytit,),a,ersapunectrhei oeSa.haaourtedfis to be years ee.FdErelpdßo soui:vrtienwdgiwitlibtrehe E12,00j (E 9,000 in cash,and balance in fully paid-up Shares of gl has uucurrencyh ev receive Company's cash for his interests in his six Este dishments and Oyster Beds,ati e enrte r Company'shis sa Auditoridarr a n tspwecithedlir l several A R ov fE Y. the Estab- lishments in the Midlands conducted by the Vendor with satisfactory results ; and Bar Auditorreports that the figures, based upon the tak past expenditure for the t lp s ve months, show amply sufficient to pay over 15 per cent, upon the Capit proposed to be Called uP. Vise Report further continues •• The profits eterwable from the U3i. ser Beds at Bangor, and from the employment of dredgers' and b open- ing up shops in suitable localities. London anth M ester, Liverpool, mid elsewhere, as set Out in your Prospectus, should enlarge the profits considerably." As further evidence of the bondjides of the Vendor* Mr, HARVEY has agreed to guaraMee a Dividend a., the rate of 7 per cent. per annum for five years certain, during which time he is to continue Managing Director of the Company, and in view of the edditional Capital which sill be at command, lie will accept the small salary ot £51.10 a year (subject to the prior payment of the Dividend so guaranteed), and exe u- sively devote his whole thne and energies to this expansion and interest of the . ompany's 0 orations, simply stipulatins, that for every one per cent. of Dividend paid in any year to the Shareholders beyond 10 per cent, he shall receive an additoual sum of Cite hundred pounds. Proper covenants will be entered into to ensure to the Company the benefit of the g 'odwill and connection of the two businesses. ' IhisprOPose4 to purchase three Oyster Dredgers for use in the Irish Sea and Bristol Channel, which fishing has practic- ally been abandoned by local Traw ere owing to the Close Season Act in 1876. These Dredgers should give a profit of £6.1 per week. Beds at Whitstable and Carlingford may, later on, also be purchased by V.is Company, which it Is estimated will give an additional profit of £3,C03 per annum. The Trade to he carried on by the Company is a progressive one, and has in recent years increased enormously, and the price of all descriptions of Ore ers has becoru so enchanced that it is hardly necessary to slate that under the circum- stances of the Company's formation and operations, and with increased Capital, in the experienced hands of Mr. HARVEY the most profitable results may confidently be loolced for. As a channel for safe Investmeet (freedfrom the risk of bad d. Its, all the transactions at the numerous establ.shments being strictly for ccesh,) the Company offers except onal advantages. A contract dated April sth, 1893; has been entered into be- tween Mr. JAMES HARVEY, as solo Vendor of the one part (Ins having already contracted with Mr. FEARON to acquire his eeparate business and property), and WILLIA-d HENRY RusSELL, On behalf of the Company, of the other part, for the aLquisitlon of the joint businesnes and properties; and it is part of the terms of the contract that the Vendor shall defray all the eeeliminary expenses of regibtoring, and establishing the Company down to the allotment of its Shares. Other con- tracts affecting the present Vendors' trading transactions or redwing sitho dinately or otherwise to the matters aforesaid have bean entered in 0 widch it would be unnecessary to par- ticularise, and applicants tor Shares will be considered as having notice of them, and as having waived furtGer details thereof, incompliance with Section 33 of the Companies Act, 1867. , If no allotment be made, all moneys paid on application will I,e returned in full. Prospectuses and forms of application may be obtained at tho Bankers, Auditors, and So iciters, (at whose offices the Memorandum and Artieles of As ociation may be inspected) of the Company ; also at any Of the Shops and Branches men- tioned above; and at the Offices, Tower t hambersi H orgate- et.. London, where the Vendor, and Managing Director may ss interviewed, and will beprepared to furnish any informa- tion require . LONDON, April 81/i, 1893. •

TEETH. TEETH, TEETH. TEETH. • PARKINSON'S TEETH, are, at the price, UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The public TEETH. may rest assured that these statements are based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, and perhaps TEETII, the best guarantee of this to intending patients 15 that J. H. PARKINSON has one of the T"rji. Littlest Dental Practices in England, the out- come or e mploying the BEST LABOUR, using the BEST MATERIALS obtainable, and charg- TEETTE. lag the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. TEEM. Any set made, or work done by him, and TEETH. not giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION in Every Detail will be immediately corrected. or an ENTIRE NEW SET made FREE OF CHARGE. tioTnheasnedeorne,Tonitioniaaneeninstniore the exemplified edßatblyßfa n , sets having been inserted for patients during . TEETH. one year only, directly and Indirectly throcgh e2l rEETH. the voluntary persuasion and recommendatim TT of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any or all of these patients' names and addresses. for refe- TEETH. renoe, will be given to any would-be patient Personally applying for them. These, with ,„. thousands in the past, each recommending TEETH. thousands friends, speak volumes for Mr. Parkin- son's success. TEETH. His unusually Large Dental Establishment, adapted for the COMFORT of Patients, MUST TEETH. NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCOME FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily from 9 to 12 TEETH. and 2to 6. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION, as hitherto, by the aid of his own made TEETH. LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE. of which he now liquefies for sale to dentists nearly 10,000 gal. TEETH. lons weekly. Patients, have, therefore, in this speciality also the benefit of his experience. 1 TEETH. CLOSED ALL DAY ON FRIDAYS. - rrEETH. J. H. PARKINSON, Dentist by Examination. 48, MOSLEY-STREET. MANCHESTER, WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, at Miss Charles's. Ladles' Outfitter, Sankey-street, from 2 to 5 p.m. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes, (late Mies Parson's), Confectioner. Bridge-street. from 2 to 6. NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS. at Miss Gibson's, 2, Castle- Street. from rr 11 to S. Al

EADE'S. GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS THE SAFEST AND MOST EFFECTUAL. THOSE who are enduring the agony of gout or the lesser torture of rheumatism, will hail with a feeling of joy any remedy which promises to afford even the slightest relief. We gladly, therefore, give prominence to the GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILL introduced to suffering humanity of Mr. Bade, the well-known Chemist, and prepared from the formula of one of the most eminent physicans ef the day, It is claimed that no alteration of diet is required, nor is con- finement to the house by any means necessary. It would appear, then,that a medicine so easily taken,and so efficacious, requires only to be widely known, to meet with that recogni- tion it deserves.—" Civil Service Gazette." Sold everywhere by Chemists, &c., in bottles is. I}d. and 2s. 9d.

IjRITCHLEY, THE NOTED TAILOR, FIRST QUALITY IN LABOUR FIT AND STYLE. SPECIALITIES. COVERT COATS, 40s. SUITS, 50s. TROUSERS 16S. DRESS SUITS OS. J. C. having a large stock of late season goods, is offering same at greatly reduced,prices. 61 BOLD STREET. WARRINGTON.

EXPIRATION OF LEASE. MISS CANTRELL HAS DECIDED TO CLEAR lIER CHOICE SELECTIONS OF GLASS AID CHINA AT A REDUCTION OF 20 PER CENT. DISCOUNT FOR CASH. MISS CANTRELL, • 66, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

WARRINGTON CONCENTRATED MANURE. —Agent: Mr. JOSRP El TAYLOR, Lion Hotel, Warrington, who will attend the Warrington, Nortlawi( h, Chester, and Knutsford Mnliets. All orders promptly exe- cuted. Analysis and testimonials on application.

WARRINGTON CORPORATION. CONCENTRATED MANURE FIFTEENTH SEASON. Agent for a I England— Ma. WILLIAM HOUGHTON, PADDINGTON, WARRINGTON.

THE LIVERPOOL ANIMAL SLAUG lITERING AND PATENT MANURE COMPANY. LIMITED, SUPPLY THE BEST MANURES aN THE MARKET Made fiom Blo.d, Done S.:' etc., TO SUIT ALL CROPS. Price list and terms post free on application. P.B.—The best price given for dead and worn-out If orses, and removed on the shortest notice. Telephone; 1407. W. C. HODUKINSOK, , Managing Director. 3, Collingwood-street, Liverpool.

IMPORTANT TO FARMERS I THE MANCHESTER, CORPORATION CONCENTRATED , MANURE, MADE FROM BLOOD, BONES, FM, AND DRIED ANIMAL MoTT,•II, ETC., From the city slaughter-houses, markets, etc., Contains from 31 to 4 per cent. AMMONIA and 81- to 10 per cent. DONE PFOSPHA.TES. Analysis Busanteed. R3PER TONerriDaegleiciyaera 7rit t4Voniejaortesstwßiatillirnaiy4tmat:loens,. Supply strictly limited. For SamPtes, Testimonials, &c., niiply to H. WHILEY, SUPERINTENDENT, CLEANSING DEPARTMENT, TOWN HALL, ' MANCHE .Wl'; OR TO I . MR. BOLD ALDRED, STAMFORD-ROAD, ALTRINCHAM

. OR THIS SEASON!' My Stock will be found replete with Leading Novelties in SUITINGS, COATINGS, ty. TROUSERINGS AND ‘JOVER COATINGS, Suitable for business or best wear, in the Leading West of England, Scotch. trkb, and Welsh Homespun a, and Serges. In order to meet the convenience of Gentlemen not able to come to be. measured, I shall be pleased to forward Patterns or personally wait upon them. - Se COVENTRY, 4, IEIGh STREET, RUNCORN.

WHITE SHIRTS RE-FITTED WITH NEW NECK-BANDS, FRONTS, AND CUFFS. --- PAUL THE PRINCIPAL HOSIER, 69, BRIDGE-ST., Two doors from Lion Hotel, Warrington.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT CO. BEST BOOTS FOR EVERYBODY. See the new Styles in LADIES' LOW SHOES. UNDER THE CLOCK, WARRINGTON. UNDER THE CLUB, WIDNES. 201 BRIDGE STREET, EARLESTOWN. THREE GOLD MEDALS FOR QUALITY.

EASTER SHOW IN JUVENILE DEPARTMENT AT THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT FOR LITTLE BOYS we have now Ready for SPRING and SUMMER WEAR very pretty 2/11 New Designs in SAILOIt SUITS &c., from BLUES, BLACKS, BROWNS, GREYS. FAWNS, &e. YOUTHS D.B. REEFER KNICKER SUIT in all Colours are VERY STYLISH FOR BOYS 9 to 15 years old. YOUTHS D.B. AND S.B. REEFER SUIT long TROUSERS in endless variety prices to meet all Buyers ,ke ALL GOODS OUR OWN MAKE. 8 & 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

BRAND & Co.'s BEEF BOUILLON. A MOST NUTRITIOUS AND INVIGORATING BEVERAGE. Made by the Simple Addition of 13olling Wate At a Cost within the reach of all. 11. LITTLE STANHOPE-ST.,MAYFAIR. W.

IRONMONGERY! IRONMONGERY! WM. LAWSON 57, MARKET-ST., EARLESTOWN. GENERAL IRONMONGER, WHOLESALE CABINET MAKER, SANITARY AND DOMES- TIC ENGINEER. Tin, cooper, and ironplate worker, and general copper smith. BRASS FURNISHING, in all its branches, under- taken. Brass, hen, and Steel castings supplied from Customers' own patterns or to order. CYCLES CAREFULLY REPAIRED AND REPAINTED. INVENTOR AND PATENTEE OF TUB LAWS ON LIME-LIGHT APPARATUS. Note the address: _ 57 MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN.

- f MORRIS'S TOLU 8: HONEY. The only Cure for Colds, Coughs, I Bronchitis, am. F ACTS. i -1 MORICS'S TIC-CUA. R PILLS. IThe only Cure for Neuralgia. Tic, and Toothache. MORRIS, Chemist, Alexandra-road, Man- (cheater, and all‘Dealers.

HOOPING COUGH The celebrated effectual HOOPING COUGH cure without internal medicine. HOOPING COUGH _ Of all Chemists price I_IOOPING COUGH 40. per bottle. Sole Wholesale Agents: W. EDWAPDS & SON, BRONC II ITIS 157. Queen Victoria Street London. CROUP

TIII3 GRAND MEDICINE AGRAPPIN Is a certain cure for any of the following disorders : MdASLES. SCARLET FEVER: TYPHOID FEVER, SMALLPDX, INFLAMMATION OF THE LUNGS, ERYSIPELAS, DIPTHIPtIA. PLEURISY, or other INFLAMMATIONS; BLOOD POISONING, IN- FLUENZA, COLD IN THE HEAD, SICK HEAD. ACHE, BITES OF ANIMALS, INFECTIOUS and CONTAGIOUS DISEASES. SOLD BY JOSEPH BIBBY, Grocer, St. Jimes's-fitteet, Latchford. Prepared only by T ORSTER, EARLESTOWN, LANCASHIRE.

SOUTHPORT, SUNNYSIDEI HYDRO, Promenade extension. Physician, Dr. Bernardo. A summer and winter residence, combining all the comforts of a pleasant home. Sea view, parks, pier, and trams near. New Turkish and other baths, billiards, and tennis. Terms moderate.--J. BOOCOCK, proprietor,

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 To 40, LUDGATE HILL. 110311 i COMFORTS. CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. Central for business or pleasure.

MT HITE STAR LINE, ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL ta NEW YORK, via Queenstown. every Wed. ERITANNIC—Wed:. Apr. 12 *TEUTONIC ... Wed.. Apr. 19 second Cabin will be carried on the voyage marked thus*. Steerage passengers will now be carried. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class. uniform In model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in t PPointments. Saloon and State the m completeness War- rington, or to ISMAT, IMAM, and Co.. 34, Leadenhall-street. amidships. jaosßpu SMITH, 81, Legh-st., London. E. 0., and 10, Water-street. Liverpool.'

LORD BROTHERS, ARE NOW SHOWING SPRING AND SUMMER NOVELTIES MANTLE'S AND DRESS GOODS, &c. LORD BROTHERS, 128, BRIDGE STREET. WARRINGTON.

JA S. M. G REENHALGH, CABINET MAKER, UPHOLSTERER, AND DECORATOR. SHOWROOM; 48, SANKRY-STRERT. WORKSHOP; KING-STREET, WARRINGTON. ,

35 SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. MAWSON AND CG. THE STANDARD TAILORS Are NOW SHOWING some of the Choicest Designs in WOOLLEN GOODS for the present Beason. We have lately adopted and are now cutting by the NEWEST AND LATEST AMERICAN SYSTEM. With great success, and feel confident of giving. every satisfaction in fit and style.

LADIES THIS FOR YOU TO READ. THERE IS NO PLACE LIKE HOME. And nothing in it looks more comfortable than a BRIGHT and CLEAN FIRESIDE. NO MORE BLACKLEADING REQUIRED. YOUR GRATES CLEANED IN FIVE MINUTES. USE LAWSON'S BLACK. Sold in Tins at 2d., 41d., 6id. each. Full directions for use on each tin. All you require to use it with is LAWSON'S PATENT BRUSH AND HOLDER, Price 6iel. One Brush will last a lifetime. The end of the Holder being attached to the Brush forms a Shield to prevent the fingers being soiled with the black. LAWSON'S BLACK is a pleasure to use. No Brushing. No Dirt. Your Grates and Fenders will always look equal to new. Will not burn off or blister only where the bars ge red hot. SOLE MANOTACTiittEE FOR PATENTEE : M. M. LAWSON, BOOTLE, LIVERPOOL. A large size Tin, with Brush and Holder Complete, free per Parcel Post for Is. 4d. in stamps or postal order. Copy of unsolicited Testimonial, selected out of a number received. Hawthorne Villa, Lintliorpe, Mirldlesbro'. Oct. 29, 1892. Mr- M. M. Lawson, Liverpool. DEAR SIR.—I have used some ot the " Lawson's Black" on my drawing and dining room fire grates, which my husband brought me to try, with the object of saving the servants the tedious work of blackleading, and I think it only right to comply with his desire to inform you that the trial has been most satisfactory in every respect; not only is the saving in time reduced snore than three-fourths, and the appearance of the grates much improved as compared to blacklead, but the brush and holder you have introduced en- ables those who use it to do so without in any way blacking or soiling their hands. I may also add that so far the appear- ance has not been affected by the heat of the fires.—Yours respectfully, JENNIE DOVE. Ask your Teaman, Grocer, or Chandler for it, And See that You Get It.

HALL'S MY HATTER. THE CELEBRATED W. W. OR WEAR WELL MARE OF RAM MADE FROM PURR NATURAL FUR AND PURE LAMBS' WOOL, ELASTIC AND UNBREAKABLE, DURABLE, COMFORTABLE AND EASY FITT- ING AND PERFECTL f/iY VENTILATED. FROM 2/6 TO I. Made by TRADES' UNION workpeople in a British Factory. To be obla:ned only from rp TIE NOTED ITAT SITUP, I, MARKET GATE. WARRINGTON.

DAMP WALLS. ABSOLUTE CURE GUARANTEED. PRICES AND PARTICULARS FROM J. L. DUGUID AND C 21. CHAPEL-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Where " Model " damp-proof walls are on view,

, ... 11., ••••' ••••• - . . .. . . . .. . . . 7,,...1. ... Appointed by . • iiic.%;,!::7-',:• ,3-i:KI ~., ~., • . .„,..-„rop;ii.,* „. .9:,..,,-(2,,..-„• '-. ~ - to Her . , Special 9, Vryinki:it',' : ~P 4 ..11d,ii,' ~ -;,, . , '''.,..4,V,':iC..". I;'k '''1ke.,;.7,,, 'I ' ';'''ir '.•''f, '',.,. %'-:4•WC.:',,;.. 1 ' ' , • - •t, 1 -CA;•* ".:.- . ..,,,r , LC . : .-_,,,,__'. • .%.„:.-L, . -,,...0*. 4.4" , itor ~ . Majesty the Queen . Royal Warrant '7, ~/ ,T, If .0 PT .. .4,,,,,„.> ••-.1---. --_-----...•-- ..,.. \ \ ------------- .---- 0 IL 66 0 ~ . ,-;---- ii il,h , i : Stg:w. ' • -----. i '.--- . . ~, ~. 'PHI.',--..'''''"------- - Witn ,Dunllolit9 9 to help yo u 9 1. ~ . 0 , ,11,1 rl4 ,! It,„ , i d , 7r. 1,17,.; ‘,..,,,,,,. .1,11,., jii", ' 11: ,:--L,/...,:;.i..,.,)\ %. i . `i'am,-.-", i'11i.„„,.,..,..', A (, (,(( , ~,-,.. ,-.lliimira% r 7, . 0') . ! ' iiii 1 .., 4 . •••-"j ' , ~ t;'lrtA. 1 kNiFe 11 1 . 4'? ', ' ' I,' 1, i ill 11114IPS "" ' . - ,ti N 111!,.. / there should be nothing alarming in a !tarn :'. wash. ~ ~,, • ~....._____ , i )7 ).:7__:._ ,_:__-.--7'-:.7-------.-------:.----:---------j_.,_•_,.-z.,7--___-----/:\' 17 ' - 1 -..,•.‘ , ~,......_----.-::- -....7....- ......- ..L._____,--_-_-- i ' ` \ \9lO 9 '''''' • k , Z, . Cl saves labour, and saves your time, y its use the many annoyances 1 ..,74,,..0., i..,,„.41Q-.. 0bi.,...,.,.!,, and troubles incident to an old=fashioned k 1 ' dly6 " .-.101:i&-tal I :..,i...: ,raAI.:"A4I \ , ..„,,r, et.',,, r .41474,=•• ; 0...0'..... , wash=day are entirely done away with. ', : saves cl othe st. ?MIL- . ! iin 14"" 'IWO ,F.,irrE • ~ .47,.Pi.- -1 H-44: Pfn -....- • We will not ask you to take our word for :t, 1, r, ,;3 7„;,',„1,..ii, '00.17 1 - _ ~,-7-,7---- lud to ii-•'l.. Z. ,v --:7----------- -- . _____,,, • -- but we do ask you to give it a trial. . i ,-...t.-------------- 1 -

LANYDON, Bull Bay. Amlweh, Anglesey.—To re Let, Furnistmd, Charming Seaside Cottage R-sidence. six bedro.ons. two sitting rooms, kitchens. acc.. tennis lawn ; farm produce. boating.

LIASTBR HOLlDAYS.—Excellent TROUT FISHING in 11.1 Private Lakes, also in Streams, with good accommoda- tion. Ts. a day inclusive ; less for parties ; billiards. ac PPOPRIETOR, Owalehmai Hotel, Anglesey. The best fishing in Anglesey from this hotel.

LANDUDNO, WEST END BOARDING ESTABLISH- MENT.—This establishment, just recently enlarged, is charmingly situated, with splendid view of both Bays, Great Orme, Isle of Anglesey, close toßeach. Pavilion, Pier, Happy Valley, and Marine Drive. Good management with cleanliness, combined with liberal table, fine Dining. Draw- n g,Ladies', and smokerooms. Present terms from 66 day, no extras.—ThOM JIPHCOTT. proprietor.

HOLLY BANK, FRODS 11AM. Educational Establishment for Girls, PRINCIPAL:I, the Misses LAYCOCK ; Pupils prepared for Local Exams. Next term commences May Bth.

T ADIES' SCHOOL,ME'LCIIET HOUSE, LYTHAM. LA —lnclusive terms, special for ch !icy, references to arents, vacancy for articled pupil.—Principals, the Misses MALLET (Miss. S. Halket, L.L.A.)

OLA,REMONT, MOUNT EPHRAIM - ROAD, STREATHAM. LONDON. PREPARATORY SCHOOL for the Sons of Gent'emen, (Established 1881.) Tutor a B.A. London. Principal—Miss JULIA GRIFFITHS. Prospectus on Application.

ST. GEORGE'S SCHOOL, (Catholic), Brampton, Huntingdon. (lb hours from King's Cross). A thoroughly Professional or Commercial Education provided at a moderate pension.—Address The PRINCIPAL.—N.B. The next term begins an January 17th, 1893.

SEFTON HOUSE. WEST DERBY, NEAR LIVERPOOL. Conducted by the Misses ACKERLEY. Good e,'ucational advantages. The house, a large and com- modious one. is most conveniently situated for access from Manchester and Southeort being within five minutes' wadi from the Was t Derby St ttion on the Cheshire Lines Railway NEXT TERM will COMMENCE Wednesday. M..y 3rd. Charges moderate.

THE MARLING ENDOWED SCHOOL, STROUD. Chairman of Govan ors Sir W. H. Marling. Bart. School Fees. £ —£.3 a Term ; Boarding Fees, onl3 RN per Annum. Boys admltted at any period at Prot ortionate Fees. For particulars apply.—W. J. IirEENSTREET, M.A., Head- master.

;VI" IDDLE CLASS SCHOOL FOR BOYS, Lorne lit Villa. Froghall-lane. Warrington. Principal Mr. Hv.G. JosnisToxic. Next term commences on TUESDAY, APRIL 11TH. 1893. IDDLE CLASS SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, Lorne Frogbal-lane. Warrington. Principal, Mrs. JOH STONE. Next term commences on TUESDAY, APRIL, 11TH, 1893.

WARRINGTON GRANIMAR SCHOOL. The Summer Term will begin on TUESDAY. May 2nd. The Capitaton or Tuition Fees are : Upper Divi ion Lowr r Division Preparatory Form for boys .£2 from 8 to 12 years of age. ....... - There are the e terms in a y ar. For further particulars apply to the HEAD MASTER.

MAN CHEST E R GRAM MAR SCHOOL. Fee £4 4s. per term. The next Them begins WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19Ta. Entrance Examination the aims d•tv at 9 a.m. Prospectuses, Forms of application, ac., may be had at the school. OWEN W. COX. Clerk and Receiver. N.B.—Boarding House now open under the sanction of the Governors. •

pREPARATORY BOARDING SCHOOL FOR YOUNG GENTLEMEN. WEST ROYD, FORMBY, NEAR LIVERPOOL. Under the Patronage of` HIS LORDSHIP THE BISHOP OP LIVERPOOL, AND THE RIGHT REV. Molt. CARR, VA. This school offers special advantages to voting and delicate boys, being near the sea, and situated in the healthiest past of Lancashire. Home comforts and individual attenilon. Pupils prepared for differen examinations References to many of the clergy and parents of present and former pupils. Conducted by Cert Seated Mistresses. For terms. Ae., apply to Miss GOSFORD, ES above.

EEXPER !ENDED DRESS and MANTLEMAKER, willing to go out by the lay. Ladles' own in.terials m ,de up, or dresses remade at h me, references.—A. GIBBONS, 12, Ellis-Pt., Warrington. AGENTS Wanted. whole or spare time. Liberal commis- eons. Best go Pds only. Free samples.—Write for particulars. 111-ept/POT.,N'S Rubber Stamp Factory, Wine Office-court London, E.C.

NA TA.NTED. good FUSTIAN CUTTIMS, long frame pre- f.rred. good wat.es guaranteed. Apply VELV ET MULTIPLE CUTTING Co. LTD., SO &DO 32. York-building, Mosley st., Manchester ; or DEAN MILLS, Halll well, near Bolton.

TEFT OFF CLOTHES bought, het price for parcels for- warded, if not approved, goods returned.—Jaafro on- MAN, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326. 328, and 346, Deansgate, Manchester.

QECOND-HAND DRESS SUITS. Military, Theatrical,Band kJ Uniforms for sale or hire.—JAMES GORMAN, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326. 328, and 346, D.ancvate, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits perfectly new at a third coat price.

rpWO VACANCIES in Scientific Dressmakers' College.— ' Here young ladies are thoroughly Lught either dress- making or the French millmery business. In eight weeks girls are quite competent to earn their own living, and are then placed in good situations. Young people are sent from all parts of England Ireland, and Scotland to be trained at this college, where proficiency Is guaranteed in the eight weeks. Manv dressmakers in the old style come ere to learn this splendid new ci: ntific system. No dress requires to be fitted on. The charges at this college are extr mely moderat,-, to suit the times. The ages of students vary from 14 to 45. Referencesgiveva to late pubils doing well in life. References required w.th each 5u cot. Home comforts and every ca e is taken of young t eople placed at this college by 1 their parents to I e taught. - Write for prospectus to Madame DRARE, Norwich.

ifflrdrimonp. _ ATRIMONY ! I —ASTROLOGY —Why Live in Doubt ?—Your Future Foretell, Marriage Prospects, &C. Brief Chart, 19. Id. ; Seven Years' Ey nts. 29. 61.; Nativity, ss. Give sex and cLite of Birth. State if married. Photog, aph may be sent when pcss ble.—Address Professor CATTELL. 15, Upper Perry-hill, Bristol.

MATRIMONY—Widower. 39 (two children fond of bone and cheerful musical society, possessing large in.).epenOent means, desires correspondence wi h an edu- rated. atniable, Chri tian idy (spinster or widow) of un- doubted res, ectabil.ty and p ation. Marriage a ttlement made. Address letter in strict confidence to Mr. R. BitOelte, 64. New Oxford-at., London.

Vrottsstonal. j ALE and FEMALE NURSES INSTITUTION, 70, 31 Hope-st., Liverpool. BOJO. 1878.—For reliable %ttendants, Mental. Medioal. and Monthly Nurses. Massage, anply or elegraph, " Nurses.” Liverpool. if iePhone. SIC.

‘,4 ttEORGE JACKSON., PAWNBROKER, JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH, 59, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY, Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS, and MUSICAL IN- 91HUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES Or INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. OHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.'

THST forfeited, fine first-elass highly finished English SILVER LBVEit WATCHES. In perfect going order. Each watch has all the latest improvements, they are fully jewel- led, and have damp and air tight cases, will give with each Watch our Payments taken. stamped guarantee for five years. Cost. Maker. Price. £6 10 0 James Waas, Liverpool. £2 15 0 3 10 0 Kay Jones eCo ,Worcester. 1 35 0 7 0 0 CV Aaronson, Manchester. 2 19 0 5 10 0 F. CamptiAl. Liverpool. 1 12 6 7 7 0 Harris, Manchester. 219 6 Will advance at any time, within a few shillings of price paid.

I RAND ENGLISH 30 keyed 'I Chromatic CONCERTINA by that well known prize Medalist " Lachenal " of London, equal to Payments taken. new, perfect tone and condition, in lock-up Wood Case, a genuine forfeit, cost fifty-fiye shillings, taken in 295. 6D. exchange. Sacrifice for

MAGNIFICENT inlaid Rosewood MUSICAL BOX, in grand order, plays twetve airs, principally operatic, long barrel, patent indica- Payments taken. tor. Cost two rare ego ten pounds, inspection invited. Wonderfully g 3 S. cheap.

FORFEITBD under special con- tract. exceedingly massive SOLID GOLD ALBh'ItT. with Sard and Bloodstone Swing Seal, Govern- Payments taken. merit stamped, every link weighs nearly fourteen sovereigns, equal to new. Cost fourteen guineas, nine 28 8 months ago, will take S. Inferior Alberts Taken in Bsebange.

CHARACTBR from Handwriting t—All dealring a faithful delineation of their character should send specimen with Is. id. to Prollissor CARONA.. 312, Vauxhall Bridge road, Westminster. London. (IN SALB.-23 Forms with backs and castings ha good kl condition, suitable for Concert Halls, or reoreation gr(rlntiS —For particulars apply to EDWARD BAILEY, 34 Hotel-st., Barlestown.

SCOTC ff WHlSKEL—Parties desiring really good Whiskey should send P.O. for 20s. for six bottles, car- riage paid to any part of England.—Maxiutow and Co., Locserbie. N.B. Established 1220.

FPO INVEN TORS.—If you have an idea for an invention or I trade mark? Secure it at moderate cost. Book post free. Patents bought and sold.-61-Kutax, BINNIE and CO., patent agents, 57, Lord-at., Liverpool.

A GOOD QUARRY BUSINESS to be disposed of, Z 1 tramway out 9f Quarry on to the Cheshire Linea Rail- way.—For partiemars apply to Issex SMINSON and SON, Quarry Proprietors, Harewood Hill. Kelsall.

TORN LOWE, Fire and Thief-prooi SAFE MAKER, has ON t.l SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chobb, Perry, Phillips, and others; new and second-hand; very cheap; 100 to choose from. —3B. Albert-street, King-street West. Manchester.

MANUFACTURER'S REMNANTS in Stuffs. Cashmeres, Prints, Calicoes, Cretonnes, Flannels, Shirthags, and Woollen Clothes, 10 lb. bundles cheap; price list free.—W. CLARdcsox, Merchant, 1, Swaine-et., Bradford.

80,000 ETaLmDe. raLae. nzsteriso'rcelembraatteeudrsphoortoityarreisc Mona's. MANCHESTER AGENCY IS at 71, Oxford-st. (All Saints'). Lists free. Second hand eameras hought or ex- changed.

CI LOSS on Shirts and Collars Ii easily got by using IT BUSS'S DIAMOND LINEN ENAMEL (covered by Royal Letters Patent) ;no polishing iron required ; of grocers and chemists; post free, with testimonials, —DEPOT, 35, Castle Arcade, Cardiff.

BILLIARDS I BAGATELLE I—All those requiring new or 613mnd-hand Tables. Requisites, or Billiard Work done, should, before going elsewhere, send for BENR/G BROS., New Price List, cloth and cushion satnples.—Address 29, High-at. W.O London. Est. 1862.

RAMONT'S " M.D " INJECTION is guaranteed to effect a SAFE, IMMEDIATE and ABSOLUTE CURE of RECENT or CHRONIC CASES NON-ASTRINGENT. NEVER FAILS. Only one bottle required. Per post 3s. RAMONT and CO.. 15, Draper-st., London. S.E.

wALKER'S SPECIFIC FOE PILES.—A Certain, safe and speedy remedy. Beneficial to the general health. Cures constipation. Invaluable to ladles. In boxes, is. 14d., and 2s. 9d., of most chemists; by post is. 3d. and 2s. lid —J WALKER, Manchester House, St. Augustine's-road, Southsea.

10b HBAD.— Thousands have been killed with Sanford'a Poison. Hundreds of farmers that have used I: say it is 0 o 1 eat poison known. as they find a jot a rats dead by uiting it. Post tree Is. 2d., 25., 3s box, of SANFORD and Sox. Sandy, Beds. Send stamp and try it. Sold by ehemisr s.

LOOK I LOOK!! LOOK!! Greatest argain on earth; 20,600 waterproof hoods ann capes ; purchased from the Government ; cost 7e. 61. each ; I will a•nd a hood and cape for 21 stamps. post free. Quite new, but put out of service, from Gm% JOHN Gassow, Government Contractor, Rye, auseex

ACE I LACE! LACE! WANTED, everyone to send far 11 No. 200 Parcel. containing I Beautiful Lace Apron; 1 Lace Handkerchief ; 1 Silk Fall •, 6 yards Goods Lace. 1 Buckle. 12 Pictures. an carria,e paid for ls. 6d.. wor h 2s. 6d. —W. COTTON, Lace Manufacturer. Weekday Cross, Notting ham. Est. 50 years. Price lists free. it WARDED FIRST PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide .11.. Jubilee Exhibition, 1887, and Sydney Centenary Exhibition, 1888. —TO PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. Cheapest House in London for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings —all the newest designs. Two million feet always in Stuak. Veneered and fancy wood mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every description, oleographs,&c. Further reduction in prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. livery requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipping orders. Full particulars in pattern book and Catalogue (86 pages 4to demy revised for 1891) for 3d. stamps.—H. Moamt,. 17 and 18, Great St. Andrew-st., Bloomsbury, London. Telegraphic address "Rabbitry." London. Stock lists nnd prices of glass monthly, free.

• NOTICE. GREAT REDUCTIONS ARE STILL BEING ALLOWED FOR CASH WITH ORDERS. AT THE TEMPLE OF ARTS FURNITURE ESTABLISHMENT, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON. AND NO REASONABLE OFFER WILL BE REFUSED FOR SOME GOODS. It is a well-known fact that my goods are. and always have been marked in plain figures, so my customers, will be able to see for them- selves the actual seductions made in the prices. A variety of Bedroom Suites of ray own manufacture in Ash, Wah.ut, Birch. and Mahogany at greatly reduced prices, and for some high class Suites no reasonable offer will be refused. Sideboards, Cabinets, and Cheffioniers in Walnut and Mahogany, some of which will be offered under cost price. All kinds of Furniture, Bedsteade, Bedd- ing, Carpets, Linoleum, arc., .Ic., at enorm- ous reductions. I do with confidence recommend all who are wanting Furniture &c., Atc., not to miss this rare opportunity. H. W. MARSH, CABINET MAKER AND UPHOLSTERER. THE TEMPLE OF ARTS. BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED 1864. •

Co be Ea. PENICETII. HOUSE, with garden ; also several cottages.— Apply Mr. ROBERT LOWE, estate agent, Market Gate Chambers, Warrington.

TO LET, PEEMISES, h centre of Warrington, suitable for 1 small workshops.—Apply ASHTON and WOODS, Solicitors, 66, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

SHOP and DWELLING, 55, Bewsey-st., immediate pos- session. adjoining grocer, also milliner. Apply SKELLAND, 60, Bewsev-aoad. Warrington.

To LET. Bradley Vhw, near Wargrave School, Newton- le-Willows ; a hrge family house, good stable and trap house, and about one acre of land.—Apply Mr. KusizALL, Park-rd., Newton-le-Willows.

HOUSE AND GARDEN TO LET, No. 4, Salisbury-st., rent £25 Bs. per annum. Contains two parlours. kitchen, &c., five bedrooms, w.c., and bath.—Apply GIBSON AND SON. Church-st., Wnrrington.

GRANGE PARK FARM, ECCLESTON.—TO RE LET with immediate possession in whola or in part 45 acres of good grazing land, and 17 acres of arable land with farm- home, barn; and farm buildings.—For further particulars app.y to Mr, HENRY CROSS, Sollcito, Prescot.

Ilarneoo, 340r5r5, eartrS, ißocrO, &r H OOPER ANDSIMMONS COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock to select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams. Landaus, Vtoterias, Wagonettes. and Phictons. now for Sale or Hire.

R. PALMER THE UNION CARRIAGE WORKS, LIMITED. 33 and 35, K INO-STRI ET WEST, MANCHESTER, GOLD MEDAL awarded for Excellence of Designand High class Workmanship. A large assortment of carriages on view. LANDAUS, BROUGHAMS, VICTORIAS, &c The New Carlton Cart in Great Variety.

CENTRAL CARRIAGE WORKS. ORFORD-STREET, WARRINGTON. JOHN KILDUFF, COACII BUILDER, &c. ALL kind of PRIVATE or BUSINESS CONVEYANCES made to order. Repairs neatly and promptly executed at reasonable charges. ESTIMATES GIVEN.

TO HORSE DEALERS AND OTHERS. B°ROUGH. OF WARRINGTON.--Ihq Sanitary Works Committee of the Council of the Borough is prepared to receive OFFERS for the supply of TWO good, sound. active CART HORSES, not less than 16.2 hands high and not under five years old, purchase will only be made sub- ject to V.S examination. RALPH NORMAN, Chief Inspector of Nuisances. Nuisance Inspector's Oflig,,Town Hall, April 7th, 1893.

BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.--The Sanitary Works Committee of the Council of the Borough of Warrington are prepared to receive TENDERS for the supply of BROWN VITRIOL for the ensuing 12 months ; full particulars may be had and all information obtained from the Mat.ager at the Works. Tenders to be sent in to me at my office, on or before 10 o'clock on Wedm sday, the 19th day of April. anel addressed to the Chairman of the S. nitary Works Committee, endorsed Tender for Brown Vitriol, The lowest or any tender not necesarily accepted. JAMES DEAS, Manager. Longford Depot. Warrington, April, 7, 1893.

BBOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.—The Sanitary Works Committee of the Council of the Borough 4 Warri; gton are prepared to receive TENDEItS for MACHINE TOOLS, viz., one TURNING LATHE, 88 by 8.9 "Centres and 16 0" open gap. Bed; and ONE RADIAL or VERTICAL DRILL- ING MACHINE. Specification mAy be seen and all infor- mation obtained from the Manag, rat the Works. Tenders to be sent into me at my office on or before 10 o'clock on Wed- nesday, the 19th day of April, addressed to tte Chairman of the Sanitary Works Committee, endorsed Tender for Machine Tools. The Committee do not bald themselves to accept the lowest or any tender. JAMES DEMI, Manager. Longford Depot. Warrington. April 7.1893.

J3OROUGH OF WARKINOTON.—The Sanitary Works Committee of the Council of the Borough are prepared to receive TENDERS for the supply ot 1000 SOUND OAK CAs.KS,as per sample Cask which may be seen at the Town Hall Yard. any day from 9 e•m. to 6 p.m, (Sundays ex- cepted). The person receiving the order will be required to deliver the casks at the Towi Hall Yard as required. Any Cask sentin which is not sound and equal to sample cask in every respect will be rejecred. Tenders to be sent in to this office, not later than 6 o'c.ock, on Wednesday 19th inst., sealed and, addres-ed to the Chairman, Sanitary Works Committee, marked Tender for casks. RALPH NORMAN, Chief Insi.ector of Nuisances. Nuisance Inspector's Office, Town Hall, Sankey-street, April 7th. 1893.

TUCK AND CO.. Limited. INDIA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. or CEMENTED ONLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street. Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester. London, Cardiff, Newport, and Dublin, LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

Zirptles, a.ssflltttts, &T. --- MASON'S CYCLE CO.. LTD. 71, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. THE BEST MACHINES. WITH PNEUMATIC TYRES, FROM £ll lls. EACH. REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. A. MASON. MANAGER. NOTE NEW ADDRESS.

SLADES GOOD VALUE CYCLES. BALL BEARINGS to all arts including head and pedals, finest quality, steel tub., di mond frame, beautifully el:inn:wiled and lined. A written guarantee with every machine. PRICE J With latest pattern Pneumatic Tyres £l2 10e. I. With best q hty cushion Tyres £9 ss. Made in Coventry, the home of geninue Cyclee. Only addre-e : SLADES, 73, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

HUMBER'S NEW SHOWROOMS. The world-famous Humber's Nouse in Liverpool Is now 73, Bold-street. Their Specialty for 1893 is a marvel of lightness and strength, fitted with the latest pattern tyres at £l2 It.s. rash. To all purchasers of this Machine the It, turn Railway Fare from Warrington and neighbo 'hood allowed. 73. BOLD-STREET, 73. LIVERPOOL.

THE OLD-ESTABLISHED BASSINETTE WAREHOUSE. Beware of spurious imitations. The best and cheapest Carriages in the town or district. (No connection with any other firm th rm of e same name.) -NAT. ASHTON, 74, Sankey-et., ‘Varrington, manu- facturer of Bath Chairs. Bassinettes. Rustic Car- riages, Ac., of the best materials and workmanship, on the premises, under personal supervision. Well-finished Bassinettes from 255., warranted to run straight. Hail Carts, Tricycle Horses, Doll Carriages, &a Agent for Sewing Machines, Wringing and Washing Mac- hines. WORKS : -BEAMONT-STREET.

pELSIZE, ER WELL'S. WHITWORTH'S, TRENTS,, REFEREES, HUMBER and SYMYER. CRYPTO'S, COVENTRY CROSS, GROSVENORS STARS, and maker of the celebrated HARDIE C V CLES. The largest Stock In the North to select from. Every machine warrantedtor 12 months. C 3 cies made and repaited on the premises. Solid- tyred Safeties convertesl into CUSill• us from 308. The trade supplied and agents appointed. CALL and SEE HARDIE'S TIUMBER-PATTERNDIA- BIOND FRAME 1893 (Dunlop or other Pneumatic Tyres) weight from 301b5., tor £lO 10s. Warranted La. 12 months. ; Cycles supplied on the easy payment system. HARDIE, Cycle Factor, 80, Renshaw-sty Liver- pool, and 288 and 29), Regent-road, Salford.

THE RUDGE LEADS ALL CYCLES. IT IS sT tTrf NI Pa, TiIjYCLGER.I4;OO4tFuLLIisfIifsIsTNESASN,D MECHANICAL BEAUTY, Fully Nuipped it is the we ther dery .ng mount of the tourist; stripped, the lightning c3cle of the road Aces. Can be bad on the easy payment system, orgood terms for cash. bend for Price List free and give your order at once to save dela:, to the largest and oldest cycle firm in the world. JItUDGE CYCLE CO., LTD. 101, BOLD-STItEET. LIVERPOOL

CYCLES! CYCLES ! ! IF YOU WANT THE FASTEST MACHINES IN THE WORLD AND THE BIGGEST DISCOUNT3i, OR ANYTHING IN THE CYCLE LINE, CALL ON THE BURTON CYCLE COMPANY, KNUTSFORD ROAD, WARRINGION. A SPECIAL LEADING PNEUMATIC TYRED SAFEIY: £ll 10s. This Is a High-Class Machine, none of your Wlverhampton rubbish.

CYCLISTS. DON'T BUY RUBBISH with fancy names. and made of common metal or gas-piping They are only to,de to Vol.: at not to ride. Mom, have found this to their sorrow. :old a lighter pocket during the last soason. Buy a Reliable Mount from the Manufacturer, made of the Best Wel(Less Steel, Guaranteed, you then SAVE AGENTS PROFIT And obtain the Extra Discount yourself. Send for List or Call and Inspect our Stock. Re!urn Fare allowed o Liverpool to Purchasers. Our Machines cannot b- surpassed for Originality Excellence and Trus worthiness, and can be had on our new GRADUAL PAYMENT SYSTEM. GRAND VALUE. DUNLOP PNEUMATIC DIAMOND FRAME SAFETY g I ii. OD. QUADR ANT CYCLE DEPOT, 69, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL:

_ J. W. TEMPERLEY, MUSIC SELLER, 31, LOWLAND'S ROAD. RUNCORN. PIANOS, ORGANS. VIOLINS, &C. Tuning and Repairs. All kinds of Fittings in Stock. Arrangements made for Pirst-Class Orchestral Band and Pianists. PIANOS on MBE and on HIRE-PURCHASE.

CLEARANCE SALE of 200 PIANOS and 5 ORGA S a', 50 per cent. BELOW I'OST at J. PARRY'S 18 to 24 DOWNING-ST, MANCHESTER, CABINET PIANO. in mahogany ease, six octaves £l 2 Walnut Upright GRAND PIANO, by Collard 2 2 Rosewood Upright GRAND PIANO, by Collard Mahogany Upright GRAND PIANO, by Kirkman 5 0 Rosewood SEMI-GRAND PIANO, by Kirkman 5 10 Black and Gold COTTAGE PIANO, by Dallman 8 15 Rosewood COTTAGE PIANO, by Stodard 9 0 Overstrung PIANO, full trichord, extended ends and under dampers l3 0 Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut COTTAGE PIANO, by St odard llgs. !Full Compa,s Iron Frame Rosewood, by Kirkman l6gs. Full Compass Iron Frame Black and Gold, by Brinsmead Full Compass Iron Frame RosoWood, by Broadwoild Full Compass Iron Frame Rosewood, by Collard and Co 'lard Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut, by J. and J. Hopkinson Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut, overst, ung, by Erard Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut, overstrung, by Neumeyer Full Compass Iron Frame Walnut, by Bord, of Paris IBgs, Large Chancel Organ, 0 sets, 18 stops,2 swells, cost 50gs 15gs, Piano and Organ buyers should not miss this rare opportunity,

pADEREWSKI.4B ayS : 'Play only on an Erard wherever obtainable. ERARD. New Parisian Diode's now being exhiblte4*

WORTHINGTON'S BURTON ALBS AND STOUTS:— FINDLATBR'S DUBLIN INVALI:I AND OTHER STOUTS GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT IN CASK Olt BOTTLE. FINDLATER'S STOUTS may now be had In 4fr gallon easka. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS in bottles oniy, J. M. BEACON. BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER, 14, ST. JAMBS-ST. WARRINGTON.

Telephone : I 1 1 N 0.55. .110 BERT I.dOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers, AUCTION Ewan—No.l Bank Street 1, Warrington. AGENT To—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Association Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boiler Insurance Company, Limacd. Established 1864.

TO BUILDERS, ESTATE AGENTS, FARMERS, 8:0. EORGE R. BRADY has been favoured with %.3 instructions from Messrs. W, H. and H. C. Brown contractors, Stockport. to SELL by AUCTION, on FRIDAY, APRIL 14th, 1893, on the MARKET GROUND, CREWE, the whole of the valuable TIMBER, and other materials used in the construction of the large building known as Ohmy.s Circus comprising 10,000 ft. of deals ranging from Olin. by 3 in., to 61n. by 3in„ 950 ft. of deals 9in. by 2in., 30,000 ft. of deals 7in. by lin. planed and square jointed fl li or boards, 23,000 ft. of deals 71n. by lin. planed and tongued and groved floor boards, 1,100 yards of rooting felt a large quantity of wood brackets, iron bolts, nuts, hinges. As. The above will be taken down and sold in convenient lots to suit purchasers. The Auctioneer has every confidence in recommending the above Timber which is a excellent quality and new within the last few months. Sale at 12 o'clock prompt. Bor further particulars apply to the Auctioneer 69 St. Petersgate. Stockport,

BELLE MONTE. OVERTON PPLLS, FRODSHAM CHESHIRE. FREEHOLD FULLY-LICENSED P2O-NW AND PLEASURE GROUNDS. THE PRODSHAM PARMEHS AUCTION COMPANY. LIMITED, will SELL BY Public! A tRITION, on TUESDAY, the 2nd DAY of feisdr.lB93,at the BEARS PAW Horxh.Fitonsfum,Cheshire at 6 o'clock in the Evening prompt subject to ihe Common Form Conditions of the Incorf orated Law Society of Liverpool and to such Special Conditions as will be then and there read, the following valuable property namely , A LL THAT VALUABLE FREEHOLD FULLY JAL LICENSED PICNIC me PLEASURE GROUNDS situate on the Overton Hills; in the Parish of Frodsham, in the County ot Chester, known by the name of "Belle Monte" Picnic Grounds, containing In the whole about six acres of Hill and cultivated land, 'Orchards and Plea ure Grounds or thereabouts more or less, together with the rnes- suageor dwelling-house, brick built buildings, tea, refresh- ment, and dancing rooms and other conveniences erected and standing thereon. There is a Bowling Green, dancing green and other attrac- tions to Pleasure Seekers and Picnic pirtie..- , The properly is sh nate in one of the most picturesque and beautiful parts ef Cheshire and although commanding magnificent views over Cheshire. Lancashire and Derbyshire, Is is sheltered by it large bait of Pines. The walks on the Hills adjoining the property are unique In their character, comprising scenery over all kinds of Country. The Pic-nic Grounds have been ,for upwards of 20 years carried on successfully by the late Mr, James Rigby. The grounds are within easy distance from Liverpool, Chester, Warring on, Manchester, ItuncJrn, Widnes, and the adjoining towns bola by rail and road. Frodsham Station is only seven minutes' walk from the grounds. The property offers a splendid investment for an experienced caterer, as it is the only place of the sort on the Wills. Further particulars and a plan can be obtained from the Secretary to the Auction Company, or from Messrs. LINAKER AND LINAKER, Solicitors, 58, High-st., Runcorn,

01011:P. Ll 5 to £1,000; interest £6 16s. per £lO% Prospectus free. South Lancashire Company, 27,Brazennose-st, Manchester.

Trust and other 000 £75 liontre7e, t4o pbeeradc:annte"ed on Mortgage in sums to suit borrowers, in any part of the eountry—J. W. EVADER, 5. Cook-street. Liverpool.

MONEY. 2, to £5OO advanced on day of application, to all respect- able borrowers in town or country, on note of hand.— Apply personally, or by letter, 66, Greenway-road, Runcorn. HENRY DE ROUTE.

A LADY HAVING CASH at her dispos I, is open to make Temporary Ca h Advances of RS and upwards, in con- fidence, to respeet.,t le housel olders, who wish to avoid the usual unpleasantn as aild routine of a loan office; no sureties a e asked for, and habitual borrowers need not apply._ Apply personally, or by letter, Mrs. MonEwooD, 9, Virytlnes- road, Vir.dnes.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVA,NfIED, STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO upwards on BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WIT if OUT SURETIES. Upwards of 00,000 now being lent annually. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORQE PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy-st., Manchester. ESTABLISHED 1870.

MOIIEY MONEY I MONEY! No bondsmen required Money advanced on day of application from £3 to £5OO to householders, shopkeepers, clerks, farmers, and others. Intereet low, repayments easy. No genuine application re- fused. Distance no object. Apply personally (preferred) or by letter to IMPERIAL LOAN, 60, NEW-CROSS-STREET, ST. HELENS, (Private House) AND AT 7. LACEY-STREET. WIDNES (Private House.)

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. IR. TOHN B. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCRINS RIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable Ilcuseholders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enqtury on your simple written prcrelse to pay back.—Apply Pt VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (Mot of the Central Station), WtD/lES, and in WARRINOWN at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, any Evening from 6t ti 7. Application. from RUNCORN luio District generall3 receive precisely the same attention.

MONEY, MONEY, MONEY. LOANS TO £5OO. May be had on day of application. If It is inconvenient to call, all letters will have our prompt attention. If you want to Start in Business. If you want to Furnish your House. If you want to Pay your Debts. If you want to Increase your Stock If you want to ray your Rent. Repayments to suit Borrowers. Strictest privacy- guaranteed. No Bills of Sale. No Sureties. No Fines. No Loan Office routine.—Apply to R. N. WEBBER, 8, BURNING ROAD, off Wavertree Road, EDGEIIILL, LIVERPOOL. Near LONDON & NORTII-WESTBRN RAILWAY STATION.

340NEY LENT by PRIVATE GENTLEMAN AT A FEW HOURS' NOTICE, UPON NOTE OF HAND ALONE, Without I:l,nk or Lean Office Routine, From £lO to £5,0 0. To LADIES, and GENTLEM EN, HOUSEHOLDERS, and to PERSONS in receipt of a regular income or sala,y, without sureties. UPON NOTE OF HAND ALONE, and to assist pereons into business ; also upon the seeurity of Reversions, Life Annuiti s, Life litter ste. Life Policies, plant, stock, shares, in town or country, without removal, also on deeds and lie policies at 5 per cent, from one to 15years. No pubbc ' inquiries whatever, only a fee hours' notice required to carry ou all advances.—A ply personally or write to the actual lender. W, STEWART, Esq. , 2. Cooper-street, Manchester, ALL COMMUNICATIONS STRICTLY PRIVATE, and CONFIDENTIAL. Principal can remain at hnerest. No se.:u ities required. No genuine application refused. Having a large surplus capital at command, all advances ara granted cheaper than auy other establisument in Lan- cashire. . N.D—STRICT SECRECY OBSERVED.

yawl. FENCING. SHEEP and CATTLE HURDLES. I_ Don't be mislead by special advertised offers, but before buying write for our Illustrated Catalogue, free on aPPlica- tion. BAYLISS JONICEI & BAYLISS, Iron Fencing manufac- turers, Wolverhampton. London Office and Showrooms. 139 & 141, Cannon Street. London.

WANTED, BUYERS OF MACHINERY, Engineers Tools, Boilers, Iron and Steel Joists, Girders. &e., inspect Stock at Albion Ironworks, Saville-street, Sheffield. or send for Machinery and Girder List, addressed MANAGER.

ON SALE, 8 h.p. portable ENGINE and BOILER is thorough good working order, with new fire box, tkevr tubes, new wheel, and front carriage and new laggled. be seen at work at any time by giving notice the time you wish ; also two 4 h.p. 'Vertical BOILERS (new), three 314' Vertical Boilers (new).—JOSEPH STEWART, Boiler Works. Leigh. LUBRICATING OILS.--.' Reliance" Colliery Oil. Is. per gallon • Machinery Oil, is ; Extra Machinery Oil. Engine 011,1 s. 9d. ; Marine Engine Oil, 2s. ; Cylinder Oil. Is. 9d.; Gas Engine Oil, 2s. 3d.; Valvoline Oil. 2d., 2s. 3d• Dynamo Oil. 3s. ; Colza Oil, 2s. 6d. 40 gallon barrels tree Carriage Paid.—RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL CO., 19 and 20, Water-lane, Great Tower-st., London, S.C. Agents Ranted'

ACME BOILER SCALER Dry Soluble Harmless Powder' Effectually removes, and prevents, the formation of erustation in Steam Boilers, however bad the Water may be' Used by Brewers, Dyers, Farmers, and large Steam user! It does not affect the steam or cylindi rs. 20s. per cwt., Ul., Kegs or Casks. Only one pound weight required for ever,' 10 h.p. nominal per week. An influential Agent wanted for this district. HENRY BIDDY AND CO., CORNBROOK. MANCHESTER.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRnTOL. • Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with . all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application. ir P A TENT OFFICE, MANCHEST— • ESTABLISHES) IN 1835. ro Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have had more than years' personal experience in connection with this E•etablis" • ment, and possess practical knowledge of the cotton, woollel4 and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d• "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price .01' GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.S 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. AWARDED OVER 370 PRIZE MEDALS. BRADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY - APPROVED LAUNDRY & DAIRY MACHINERI" COMPLETE OUTFITS FOR HAND AND STEAM POW Catalogues Free Correspondence invited. THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 130, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOO L; VICTORIA-AVENUE, MANCHESTI"" Also SALFORD and LONDON.

UNE POUND out of every Thirty Pounds of Tea consumed in Great Bri Is sold by BROOKE, BOND & CO.. LIMITED. Try to realise that startling truth. Think ef the MIIIII and masses of men, women and children in our teeming r and then remember that Brooke, Bond's supply one every thirty in those myriads with Tea. That fact is the proof of value. FOR TWENTY YEARS we have sold far more tea in LOcir suite and Yorkshire than any other firm. WE DO NOT FEAR competition and we court comPAri'° for our position is impregnable. WHY ? BECAUSE we buy for " cash " and sell tor " cash" many millionvser°ii pounds of Tea every year; so we can sell and do sell c pound for the smallest profit. Moreov r, we deal in till + ONLY. it is plain indeed that a firm which clevoes a „ar time and attention to Tea only,and whose reputation on Tea alone, must give the Public the best possible Value Tea. WE EMPLOY the highest possible Experts, whose ,1111 duties are severally to buy, to blend. and I o sell Tea esyeelflecl to suit the Public Taste, which we have anxiously stuo day after day for two and twenty years. 9 b° WE ASK you al-o to realise that our gigantic busitles tios been so long established, our trade Is so vast, our repatt is so high, and we have altogether, se much at stake tb as are thus bound by the best and surest of all guarantee° the utmost possible tor the Public and for you. WILL YOU now try the Tea Itself? Will you compare it and its Praltceet OUR TNt is sold in One-pound, Half-pound, and Qua.. ot pound fackets. Every packet is prepared and sealed ,o,ta our own W rehouses in London, Manchester, or LeeT, It bears our Signature and celebrated Trade Mark double-triangle or six-pointed star. Thus is every guaranteed to be genuine. I°. OUR AGENTS draw their supplies constantly fo woe and they sell exactly the same Pea and at exactly pri eas our cslebrated warehouses. Half-a-pound you only rd., 7d.. fid., 10d., le., is. 21., or Is. 4d. op WE ARE GLAD to receive applications for Agencies Tes le District from energetic tradespeople. Selling our wee already a regular annuity to thousands of e nterprial„ve and women. Brooke. Bond's lea in an Agent's Wu' regarded by the Public as a guarantee that the other are tee are also good, and so it helps to sell them, and otteu PaY shop rent. BROOKE, BOND AND CO. LIMIT' 17, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER, AND AT LEEDS, BRADFORD AND LONDON.

AD% Q iLLSOPP & SON'S MILD AND BITTI4II Lie And D'AROY & SON'S OELI43RA.TBD DUBLIN 61r°115' In 9, 18, and 36 Gallon Casks, or BOttle, AGENT PETER LEMH, ‘IORSEMARKET STREET. WARRINGTON

E D DES'S DANDELION The best and cheapest ever offered to the rtibli°' Sold by all Grocers and Druggists. ID 6d., 10d., and is. 8d each. whotesale by .7 GEDDES a, SON, Warriodt"°ll.

NET CHEAP COAL. CO* CASK, BANK QUAY COAL DRPOT sciPeresct. 8d per cwt. To HALTON & CO., TO COAL MERCHANTS, FACTORY LANE COAL YARD, 10aPt°°!: 10dprewt. WARRINGTON. NOTE.—WINTER PRICES. IMMEDIATE

_4ASTER SHOW AT THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT ONH OF THE LARGEST IN VARIETIES uvEre MACE IN WARRINGTON, FOR SPRING AND SUMMER WEAR. Wanderfol ranges of new Colours in real all Wool Seoteil aud Cheviot Tweed Made to Measure. SuiT 31/6 37/6,47/6,55/—. rl IROITsgv -1` (lined) 10/—,12/—,13/6,16/6. BLAc. woRiTED.coAT AND VEST, BLACK VICUNA COAT AND VEST, BLACK LLAMAS COAT AND VEST, BLACK HOPSAC COAT AND VEST, 24F, ,3 36/—, 42/—. WELL MADE AND TRIMMED. FIT GUARANTEED. 8 AND 1:), HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

NEW SPRING GOODS. MILLINERY, HATS. BONNETS. JACKETS. CAPES. • DRESSES. &C. SEE WINDOWS. JOHN SUTTON, 18, HARKET-ST., WARRINGTON.

NOTICE TO MASONS. BUILDERS, AND RAIL- WAY COATRACTORS. RDDISBUBY RED AND MANLEY WHITE STONE • loaded in trucks at DRLAMERE AND MANLEY STATIONS. )9000 TONS IN STOCK, suitable for RAILWAY BRIDGES AND OTHER PURPOSES REQUIRING STRENGTH. For particulars apply to ISAAC JOHNSON AND SON, Eau ---EW001) HILL, KELSALL, near CHESTER. ATItIoyAL AND OPERA ROUSE, ST. HELENS. Sole raPrietor and Manager Mr. Wal'ace Bevill. Awn,. (Also Lessee of Theatre Royal Leicester.) ,Ilanag,T and Trea, orer 11134'!"'Ir. APRIL 19rn AND DURING THE WEEK. POSITIVELY TIER LAST SIX NIGHTS OF L STER COLLINWOOD'S lumuNsELF SUCCESSFUL - ANTOMIME 11 T T" FORTY THIEVES. -2th,,:is th"UPEttt):p attraction has been received , With cied enthusiasm by delighted audiences. NEW DANCES. NEW LOC ALS ! CHOCKF UL OF FUN AND PROMO ! Au iwcomparable combination of B ',TIT AND TALENT. Vorming in its entirety the strongest array of First Class Artistes that eve.. appeared nightly in St. Helens. POSITIVELY THE LAST SIX NIGHTS. EACH EVESING AT 7.15 p.m. sas-4,.°TIi—PRICES -OF ADMISSION :—Private Boxes, £2 £1 10s. • Dreas Circle. 3s. (First Row Dress) °rehea- Is, 2s.t tipper Circle, Is. 6d. : Pit,ls.,; Amphitheatre, th...„:,(iallery 6d. Half-price at 9 o'clock to all parts, Arnold- and Hal ery excepted. Early Doors apen at 6.30. .4,4betd:efia‘taaly. 6 o'clock. 3d. extra to Gallery and Amphitheatre, is lutd,,,i• a. to other parts of Theatre. Plan of Dress Circle- 'nay be seers and Seats Booked at the Theatre only, extr a'etoe:ll the hours of 11 and 3 each day. Doors open at 7 % Perform:ea:lt to commence at 7.30 prompt. Saturdays holm earlier.

13NSWORTI1 BROS.' GRRAT WINTER SALE, COMMENCING FEBRUARY 11Ta. £5,000 WORTH OF CLOTHING. HOSIRRY, SHIRTS, HATS, CAPS, &c. ENTIRE STOCK REDUCED! 2s. to ss. in Use Pound oft 24, 28, 47, k 49, lIIGII-STERET, RUNCORN. SEND FOR CATALOGUE.

BOY DELL BRos., THE LEADING TAILORS. Are now showing a splendid selection of West of England and Scotch Tweeds, Overcoatings, Ac., suitable for Autumn and Winter Seasons. 50s. BUSINESS SUITS. 50s. SUITS for the MOORS. An Endless Variety of TROUSERINGS 135., 16s. 6d., /to., Ac. Special attention given to Evening Dress. Perfect Fit Guaranteed. 8.8. respectfully invite inspection. 37. BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. Also at MANCHESTFR, LIVERPOOL. and Si' HELENS.

THE ONLY RELIABLE DISINFECTANT for prevention of Smallpox. Fevers, Bcc., is CALVERT'S No. 5 CARBOLIC ACID. The quility now adopted as the STANDARD DISINFECTANT by the Russian, German, British and Indian Governments. Sold in is. and is. 65. Bottles, 2s. 6d„ 4s. and 6s. 65. Tins, by most chemists, Ste. F. C. CALVERT AND CO., MANCHESTER. Awarded 60 Gold and Silver Medals and Diplomas.

COUGH, BRONC IJONSUMPTION, ASTHMA, DIARRHCEA. OR SPASMS, QUICKLY RELIEVED BY TO W LE'S CH L ORODYNE. 130. 2s. 9d.. and 4s. td. EACH.

THE (sLD-FASHIONED MILK, WHITE BREAD. If you want a wholesome ad delicious Bread, give the above a trial. Those who have tasted it can highly recom- mend it. Try it for your:elves. T HOMAS LEA, WHOLESALE AND RET Jr. BAKER, Agent for SMITH'S HOVIS BREAD. CHIJR,%II--sT., RUNCORN,

. CO LLI ER'S BREAD Is prepared from CAREFULLY SELnCTED FLOUR, Produced from the FINEST CALIFORNIAN WHEAT, Carefully made by Experienced Bakers, is ABSOLUTELY PURE, And delivered daily to all parts of Runcorn and District. Orders to be left at 6, Church-st. The Largest Trade in Town. Over 2,400 Loaves sold every week. WALTER' COLLIER, 6, CHURCH-STREET, RUNCORN.

APRIL No. NOW READY. Price 6d. THE IDVER. THE IDLER. THE IDLER. THE IDLER. Edited by TIE IDLER. JEROME K. JEROME. THE IDLER. and THE IDLER. R. BARE. THE IDLER. THE IDLER. THE IDLER. THE IDLER. CONTENTS. ROYAL PETS—THE QUEEN'S ANIMALS AT WINDSOR. With 25 Illustrations by E. M. JESSOP. RIDER HAGGARD'S FIRST BOOK With 11 Illustrations. "LIONS IN THEIR DENS." By R. BLA.THWAYT-- J. L. TOOLE With 21 Illustrations. PEOPLE I HAVE NEVER MET (lusErf) SCOTT RANKIN JOE HOLLENDS R. BARR. Illustrations by J. GREIG. TOLD BY THE COLONEL (The Cat's Revenge) W. L. ALDEN Illustrations by :t. JACK. NOVEL NOTES. JEROME K. JEROME Illustrations by J. GUMMI. THE STORY OF AN HOUR, HILDA NEWMAN Illustrations by V. W. NEWMAN. BUM PUNCH AT PODBURY'S, EDEN PHILLPOTTS Illustrations by RONALD GRAY. IDLERS' CLUB: "AN AWKWARD PREDICAMENT By Rev. Dr. PARKER, GB. BUIWIN, F. W. ROBINSON, F. GRIBBLE, F. BATHE W, W. L. ALDEN, and I. ZANGWILL. Loudon : Chatto and Windus.

I 1)R. SCOTT'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS The Safest Medicine. DR. SCOTT'S p ILLS Cure Indigestion, and Wind. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Cure Nervous Depression. DR- SCOTT'S PILLS Restore the Appetite. D' S 1 COTT'S ptL LS 1., Purify the Blood. .DR. SCOTTS -DILLS I Strengthen the Whole System. DR • scorrs pi L 1.4. The Best Family Medicine. DR. scorn' PILLS Mild but Effectual. DR. SCOTT'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS. Are wrapped in a square green package, bearing the name of the proprietor, W. LAMBERT 173, Seymour Place. London, W by poet for 14 or 34 stamps.

SPECIAL OFPER. 12,000 A. LUSK AND CO.'S 15. TINS AT Thd. PIIS. TIN. EXTRA QUALITY APRICOTS, mwo sPEciAL QUALITY 9d. TINS STEAK SALMON AT 7d. PER TIN. (Nt ENRY MILLING & LTD. WARRINGTON.

CYCLES! CYCLES!! CYCLES!!! If you want a Good Reliable 11Inehine, buy the best make at the Lowest Price. 'Excelsior.' New Rapid,' 'Premier.' 'Sunbeam." Lion.' are the best. SOLE A(IENT— JOSEPH S. GARLAND, stiowßooms, } IRONMONGER, WORKS, BRIDGE-STREET. WARRINGTON. WAREHOUSES, AND EARLESTOWN. LOWEST CASH PRICES OR EASY PAYNIENTS. SPECIL HUMBER PATTERN DUNLOP, £lO Is. RAILWAY FARE ALLOWED TO PURCIIASRItS.

j-1 kJHESIIIRE CIIEESE. PRIME OLD CHESHIRE CHEESE. FINEST GORGONZOLA CRINSII. PINE CANADIAN CHEESE. Choice quality at very reasonable prices. r I • URAMPTON. CHEESE FACTOR, 10, BRIDGE-STREET. WARRINGTON.

RAILWAY TIME TABLE. APRIL. • - - FROM WARRINGTON TO Accrington-5 45, '8 35, 955, 1223, 2 32, 348, 6 29, 8 47. Sundays 843, 60. „ Acton Bridge-7 10, 7 35, 8 28, 10 45, 142, 2 35, 515, 535, 28. Sundays 10 15. • Anaree-1 12, 16. a 3 8, a 9 10. Sundays 940, 25, 835. a Stops if required Altear and Hillhouse -7 12, 16, a 3 8, a 4 0, aq 33. Sundays 9 40, 35. a. Stops if required. Bed-row-2 40, 520. 545, 11 40, 232. 3 48, 6 29, 847. Sun- flaYs 2 40, 335 Birken'lea9-7 40, 1025, 150. 317. 511, 6 4, 742. /3irmingharn (L & N -W.)42 57, a 3 23,135. 950. 1045, 12 1. 5 15,7 28,11 35. Sundays 257, 10 15, 440, 11 35: a Mondays only, Birmingham IL6& L)-6 11, 9 58, 11 55, 12 ,55, 5 0, 5 55, 11 52. Sundays 515 p.m. Blackburn-5 45, •8 35, 9 55, 12 23, 2 32, 3 48,6 246 29, 8 47. Sundays 843. 6 0. 8 41371aeaP001-5 45, 8 35, 955, 11 40, 12 23, 2 32, 3 48, 629, 717, • • Sundays 2 40, 8 43 60. Bolton-545,710825,919.1015,1040.115,240,330.421, 4 40. 6 25, 7 17, 833. Sundays 843, 50, 747. 8 43IlurnleY-5 45, 9 55, 12 23, 2 32, 3 4e, 6 29, .847, Sundays Carlisle -2 40, 6 20. 545, 9 55„11 46, 1223, 2 32, 348. Sundays 240 a.m., 135p.m. Chester-7 40. 95, 1025, 12 7, 12 15, 1 40, 1 50, 3 17, 4 22, 5 11, 64 742, 10 14, 1132. Sundays 8 44, 7 45, 11 32. 7 Collins Greeu-7 10, 820, 10 35. 12 7, 2 40, 348, 4 40, 6 10, 8,8 55, 10 20. Sundays 8 43, 60. 2 Crewe -a2 57, 8323, • 710, 7 35, 8 28, 950, 10 45, 12 1, 1 42, 35, 31 5 15, 728, 1135. Sundays 2 57, 10 16, 4 43, 11 35. allon.iays excepted. bAondays only. Daresbury-7 40, 95, 12 15. 150. 3 17, 5 11, 6 4, 7 42, 10 14. 2andaYs 144, 745 Derby- 96, 9 58, 11 55, 1255, 50, 555, 11 52. 6 a nn-aYs 5 15 Ba p.m. rlestown -5 45, 710, 820. 8 35, 105, 10 40. 12 7, 12 23, 1. 10, 115, 2 40, 3 30, 3 48, 4 40, 540, 6 10. 7,, 8 55, 49 20. Sundays 735 7 40, 8 43, 4 56, 60, 7 47, 9 45. leze'cl"--a1 45, 5 45:7 10,1 15,3 18, 330, 4 21,440, 5 40, 717, 140dintsuurng,hit, a 43' 5 0 6 0,7 47. ,aMondaya .I'lllll- 2 40. 2 40, 620,, 955, 1140, 1223, 232. Sundays al 52Fidd3 ler's F P kth -7 38, 825, 940, 1148. 129, , 3 20 4 ,7 ene days oi.oy. . 15, 80, 98. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50: aSatur- -1 arst9n (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 56, 95, 1040, 12 0, 6, 6 29, 6 10, b 7 0, 80. c 930, dlO 15, 1139. Sun- rj. 11 25, 2 32, 75, 9 18, 10 10. dSaturdays eePYted.bßuns b minutes later on Saturdays. cSaturdays ex- . ol al bs go°r nye- -254200, 71 , 520%9 55, 1140, 12 23. 2 32. Sundays 240. a 47, 10 15. 8 35, 1040, 12 23, 1 15, 3 48, 5 40, 7 17, Sundays 8 43, 6 0. ,gough Green--7 56, 95, a 9 25, 10 40, 12 0, 1 15. 25, 40, 9 18: 610, 833, 67 0, 80, alo 15. Sundays 93, 1125, 232, aturclaaMondays and Saturdays only. bßuns 5 minutes later S Irl am and Cadislaead- 657, 7 55, 821, 225, 70, 9 15. Sun- -017.3 12, 515, 7 15, 931. tehford -From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22. 8 3,9 0, 958, ed 49, 10 54, 12 38, 1 16. 2 38, 350, 416,518,613,78, a 745, 99, .1054,1235, 8 50. 3 8, 8 18. aSaturdeys only. 12 7 ",erik,ol (L. A N.-v(0-525, 7 10, 820, $35, 105, 1036, 4 ss' 10, 2 40, 4 40, 78, 10 20. Sundays 5 20, 7 35, 8 43, 3 28. 4.6 0, 9 42, , 45. a 38V;11) (Cheshire Li”es)-a4 24, 5 30, bi 25, 7 12, 7 56, 12 5' s°. 95, 9 50, 10 25, 1035, 10 40,10 53, 11 50, 12 0, 12 50, 6187. 1 15, 1 50, 25, 2 50, 3 32, 350,40. 4 50, 529, 6 50, 6 10, 5001,i6 50, 70, 7 50, So, 850, 95, 918, 10 10,10 42, 1139. 101.6.42' 43C 5 30. 93, 9 57, 11 25, 220, 232. 75, 8 30, 9 18, Locl° 33' aßxeept.Mondays. Mondays only. 5 ,15 511 (L.& N.-W.)-a2 57, b 3 23.9 50. 10 45. 12 1, 2 11, 3 11, aek .il 35, Sunda-ia 2 57, 10 15, 4 40, 11 35. aMondays I,olil",teda beatandayi only. build (Midland)-6 1.1, 958, 1255, 50, 555, 11 52. Ly aYs 3 50, 5 15. 3 50' nun-6 20 7 22, 83,90. 9 58 1049, 10 54, 12 38, 116,2 38, aisai_4 15, 5 18, 613, 78, a 7 45, '9B. i Sundays 8 50, 38, 815. maujaredhaeysstoeruly. From Aro' ,y Station 1040 (L. & N.-W.)-2 45, a 445, 545, 7 10, 8 25, 919, 8,41 , tl2 18, 16, 20, 3 18, 4 21.4 40, 5 40, 62, 7 17, 8 33, 10 20. m3's 2 45, 7 40;8 43, 50, 60, 7 47. aMondays only. 32 neheeter (Cheshi e Lines)-6 57, 7 55, 8 21, 8 47, 8 55, 90, 3 so' 55, 1025, 1055, 1155, 12 43, 12 55, 1 45, 1 55, 2 25, 2 65, a 12 s:;, 4 45, 4 55, 546, 5 55, 6 27, 655. 7 15, 7 .33, 7 55, 8 10, 33 '3' sB, 8 56, 9 15, 931, 1147. Sundays 856, 935, 1026, mid.ll, 5 13, 7 13, 9 15, 931, 958, 100. 210,34,1"vich-7 35, 1045. 235. 5 35, 728. 1 4e, 2 35, 535, 7 28. Sundays 10 15. 10 '`lsw;9n-le-Wid ,ws -2 45, a 445, 5 45, 7 10, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, • 540 '-9,„ 407, 12 18, 12 23, 1 15, 2 40, 3 18, 3 30, 3 48, 4 21, 4 40. 84e 17, 833, 855, 10 15, 1020. Sundays 245. 740, 00, 50. 60, 7 47, 9 46. aMondays only. 9 15, gate-6 57, 7 55, 8 21, 10 27, 12 27, 2 25, 527, 70, 830, presSunua3s 858 10 17, 3 50, 5 15, 9 3/. 6 40. 5 A, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 11 40, 12 23, 2 32, 348, u 17, 8 47, 1J 15. Sundays 240,843, 335, 60, 9 45. _ _ Eru-n-7 58, 8 25, 10 28, 11 48, 1 29, al 52, 3 20, 5 12,6 15, aSaturoa.s only. 3 48. 44.5 t, eletts-5 25, 7 10 8 20, 8 35, 10 5, 10 35, 12 7, I 15, 33C, 10, 78, 8 55:10 20. Sundays 7 35, 8 43, 60, 9 45. ! 2 38, -3w,,,511---'0 20, 7 22, 83, 90 958, 3.0 49, 10 54, 12 38, 1 16, Ir. 4 15, 5 18, 613, 78, a 7 45, 98. Sundays 850, aSe,airdays only. From Arpley Station. • 52, 3 N...W.)-7 38, 8 25, 9 40, 10 28, 11.48, 1 29, aSitt ", 12 8 15" 809 8. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50. windr =Vs only, 2 s,(Cheshire Lines)--7 56, 90, 100, 10 40, 12 0,1 15, I 2 1.8. 49, 5 29, 610, 70. 930. bundays 93, 940, 232. 23g2 40, 520, 545, 35, 9 55, 10 40, 11 40, 12 23, dftys 2 40-;,85434Ja.6 29, 7 17, 8 47, 2 4.0, 10 15, 2 40. Sun- ' -0. 60, 9 45. TO WARRINGTON FROM • 7 15,Aecriom 911-7 40, 10 5, 1 48, 7 2. Sundays 10, 40, 4 15, Acton B 9 56. ridge-6 39. 7 55: 852, 11 45, 38, 51, 644, 8 29, daYs 6 53, 4 32. „ ree-9 29. 13), 7 28. 10 4. Sundays 9 4 2 41, 8 31.. A. l tear and Hillhouse-9 14, 1 16, 7 18, 949. Sundays 52 26, 8 17 8arr0w...7 0, 855. Ib, 1 65, 430, 5 45, 90. Sundays 445 Pun., 7 45. ‘tßirkeahead-6 1.5', 7 30, 10 15, 1 15, 155, a 2 10, 5 10, 6 20. at,erelays only. 725OTh"high1im (L. & N.-W.)-11 15. 3 10 6 0,9 55, 3 45,5 50, ,11 15. Sunda‘ 11. 1.5, 3 10, 8 15, 8 45, 70. 84o,1rrningham (ALS. & L.)-6 8,8 50, 11 35, 123, 2 40, 5 48, .11 19. Sundays 430, a.-n.. 40, 1119. 1 ,_Blaekburn--8 35, 10 48, 18, 2 10, 7 55. Sundays 80, 0.).5 40, 755. I , 'alackpool (Talbot Road)-8 15, 840. 953, 1035. 11 50, 1 20, 1,9' 8 35, 10 0. Sundays 725.140,615, 735. 2 'rlel,Pool (C,ntral) -8 0, 827, 8 55, 955. 10 25, 120, 1), 655, 815. Sundays 7 10, 1 20, 4 56, 7 15. 5 -5 45 80 845, 1035, 1230, 1 20, 2 45, 4 20, 725. 8 30, 1040. Sundays 8 20, 6 10, 920. a3B rlisY-7 5' 935, 11 26, 21.32, 131, 640. Sundays 736. 646. Carl 841 i s.e-6 50, 8 40, 1 40, 538. 841. Sundays 12 5 a.m., -. ' 2 .';''P"ter-7 25, 845, 9 43, 10 12, 115, II 45, I 25, 2 10, • 29 3 45. 55, 530. 635, 735, 80, 20, Sundays 6 30, 650, a neol 'n, 51818 -• een -6 39, 7 16, 842, 1014. 1238. 1 43. 2 10, 2 23, .3 „ 7 47. 9 is, 10 46. Sundays 8 10, 7 88. 30 , 57. 5 -.5.4 42 60640 8 13 915, 11 5, 1110, 12 d .540 6 5 • • ' 2 3 6 10, 235, '2, 95, ,85, 9 30. Sundays ,4 42 7 sury--8 .Pittre 7 371 16, 10 17, 1143, 247, 642, 8 11. Sundays asa, thy • s 10 21': 110 3 5 3 45, 4 53, 70, 83, 3 30. Sun- „,. u 6 59: 720 8 43, 8 46. 9 29. 10 18, 11 26. 1250, all' 0.1 47, 1 54, 2 15, 226, 438, 5 32, 5 53, 630, 838. 920, 6111 s'ms 834, 9 52, 41 959, 103, 40. 723. aSaturd ay 11..b-Survile. 78, 8 10, 9 47, 5 23, 5 40. Sundays 847, 916, -10 20 6 2 0 5 50. Sundays 850,60, 9 10. f0.....1811,e6114Perry & enk'eth-7 12, 92. 9 38_, 12 27, 17, 3 37, , . 8 57. Su days 8 32, 2 57, 87. f I.uin (Cheshire lAnnesj-5 54, 6 27, 750 90, 9 50. 12 5, • 2-40., 4 52, 5 1.6, 5 53. 657, 857, 11 21., Sundays 823, (1.144 3 17, 4 42. 6 s', 8 54. 9 40. quiW-10 10, 20 550, 95. Sundays 95. 09rhda (;115--6 44, 826. 10 22, 12 27 154 426 535 , , , , , 7 0.10 42. 3 19,1'6641(1ree40n.....8 38, 8 3, 8 25,9 10, 10 3,1 14, 1 54, 2 21,2 55. 11, 911. Sundays 837. 920, 331. 4 55, 9 10. att_ sy ,and Ca_clishead-7 38, 9 56, 1 13, 4, 8 52, 11 20. Sun- niat 6 50. 8 45, 9 55 21' 2.9,1.,(1--11 13 40 9.28 106, 1117, 120. a 145. 213, 3, 7 3,", 46. 6 7. '6 49', 7 49, 91, 9 66, 1127. Sundays 833. , Lb, wraturdays only. Haturdays excepted. 028 esr.l?ool (L. & W.,)-¢2 35, 60,8 0, 920, 11 50, 1 30, 75, 835 1-0 5, 11 0. aMondays only. ;▪ 30, -.4•nue„ 1 (Centrai) 5 45, 6 10, 7 30, 8 30, 8 40, 843, 30 3- ?, 1.0 30 11 2-0 1130. 1230, 1240, 130, 1 50, 20, T; ad 84,4 4 ao. '4 40. 4:55, 530. 533, 630. 6 35, 7 30, 80, •••55,•, alo 45, 11 0, 1130. Sundays 80, 90, 230, 8.30, 8 33, 930. (Mondays and Saturdays I,l"ndn (L, & N.-W.)-10 0, 12 0, 515, 775, 730, 1030, le9r1(116-41,A0, 5 20, • Sundays 10 0, 12 0, 10 0, 60. 15, 10 5, 12 10, 20, 40. 50, a 9 15. 2 43•61,01-8 3,15, 120. a except Mondays 4 11i g 8 .02. 9 20, 9 58, 10 12, 119, 1 11, al 37, 25. 'L.'. 225 7 , 059, 643,' 7 41, 853. 948. 1119. Sundays 119 chest, ' asaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. 6 15 eor (L. & N.-W.)-6 0, 70, 80, 90, 940, 110, tdays 8 35. 345, 425. 510, 60,7 5, 9 20, 10 40 110. 0 R 9 '"neh - 30, 90, 0, 10 40. 30 ester (eh,. h. L. o_6 48, 720, 821, 830, a 9 0, 47' 4 38, 10 30, a„, 5 30, 6 193457°11 3m0.e12 30, 12 45. 1 30, 2 30. 3 30, 4 3°, s',). 730, 8 12, 8 30. 11 0. Sundays 8 30, 9 15, 461ra • 0, 26'6 30 8 5 825. 9 30. ablondays and 1.1428 only, " koore wich-6 58 10 57, 2 42, 61. 1111 asst u7°, 9 .11 55 320 5 16. 6 57.. Sundays 7 15, 4 48. "t.' 52 jo--41-Will ws ' 839 924, 10 9, 11 23, •30 45 7 -7' '35 455 5 49, 6 27, .14.a128.148.238,33, 47. 4 . . ° 55 11 8 511 43 Sundays 8 30. 9 49, 10 0. , 1 5 .65 a and bsaturdays only. , 4, 8 32, 859, 109, 125, 5 17. 9 16. • Sundays a. Yr, 9 12 -02 7. 5 434 50' 95, 939. 11.15, 1120, 1215, 425, S 064'9. 9 35. 10 47, Sundays 2 7, 8 35,3 15, 6 ,O, 1047. 8236. 111.1 eACePted.. bMonday mornings only. 7-.°°4---8 45, 8 39, 9 10, 19 22, 11 50,1 30,3 16, 440, 540, St 16 • pl 211-en B-6 25, '7O. 8 28, 915, 100, 1115, 12 6. / 30, 15. 610, 720, 90, 10 30, 11 20. Sundays 740, 4 Thelw '9 6. ' , 8 9, 8 36, 924, 102, 11 13, 1 15, al 41, 29, 255, .29, • 63, 645, 745, 8 57, 9 52, 11 23. Sundays 8 29, atiaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. 11.,, 4 3e4,(„L• & N -W.)-7 5 8 66 9 28, i 033. 1218, 1 4, 2 10, ' -' `•', 5 55, 6 46, 8 50:11 6., Sundays 820. 2 50, 7 69, ! 62207,it Vhenhire Lines)-8 30,9 15, 109. 1112. 1225. 127, 5 29, 69, 7 16, 7 56, 9 16. Sundays 842. 336. 4 Wig 15. 1,64' gnes-a2 33. 6 33, 8 15. 9 31, 10 10, 1215. 1 43, 2 30, 4 15, 10, 1352, 1030, Sundays 2 36, 3 40, 6 50, 9 30, agzueln Mondays. bstondays only.

. BLAIR'S GOUT, RHEUMATISM, LUMBAGO, C NEURALGIA, . SCIATICA. IV:CIL°. The It ....." ACUTE PAIN NV, is quickly relieved. 0011 and cured in a few days by these celebrated Pills, well known as the Great Remedy for the above complaints. Sure. Safe, and Effectual SOLD BY ALL CHEMISTS at Is. lid., and 2s. 9d. per box. PILLS.

For all Societiesl Send for free Illustrated Catalogue. BANISIZIRSI SI Lii( GEO. TUTILL, 83. ity-road, London. ,

WOODS' PATENT , GALVANFZED STEEL WE MATTRESSES P With French and Persian Bedsteads complete. To be seen carrying Se. MS—French. ONE TON. We Challenge It other Wire Mattress to stand tbis Test II quired of a Mattress that it should carry IA. one ton ? Certainly toefac . not. Hitherto the compli,intr gainst the use of Wire Mattresses has been that they stretched after a time, which was true. We give this severe test to prove the+, ours will not stretch. If they do within 5 years we will replace with new ones. To be had from THOMAS SUTTON, Sale Rooms, Legh Street. . THE LONGFORD WIRE Co. Limited WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1851. BIRKBECK BANK, Southampton Buildings, Ciiiitict•ry Lane. Loudon. I TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed on ' DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, on the minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below RUM. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purchased and sold SAVINGS DEPARTMENT. For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small sums on deposit, and allows Interest monthly on each completed £l. BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY How TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD I,AND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SIIILLINGS PER MONTH. The BIRKBRCR ALMANACR, with full particulars, post free FRANCIS 10..VENSCROFT, Manager.

MANUFACTURERS OF DECORATIVE AND ART FURNITURE.

Da -m tinnirel : eir.jj . CABINET MAKERS bUPHOLSTERERS 1111,11k107419.43.:.0,13135.1,11MDZ1 • %17

FRANCIS MORTON AND COMPANY LIMITED, HAMILTON IRON WOUS, GARSTON, near Liverpool. Invite Inquiries and Reference to teir NEW CATALOGUE,

ca RI 02 11 El co PI

JUNO CYCLES. vE;rirna __ _EST, ILLUSTRATED LISTS POST FREE. Tvis; . Driver o and improvedEASY ' S ' - ' --1' '''' JUNO' light roadster,long Base , ,1 i Safety and anJairlf 0 yLaoulthy:Be TERM -.--r - -- 4\ :-- hit) .' ly . Safety. Tutto folding / . / ir ~,,AN I Tricycle passes 28m. ' rikA ~,,,•I *1,4, ' ' eloot:. Pnematic, Cush- (l/4, .411„,".* ion, and Solid Tyres. . 44fisideY POST ' ' 5O patterns. £8 to MO. "•'-"- -11 l Second-hand Machines .CASH 'Ol5 'IQ%R. CARRIAGE PAID in immense var.ety. Repairs. Estimates Free. METROPOLITAN MACHINISTS' CO., LTD., 75 and 73, Bishopsgate Without, London, E.C. N.B.—Eery JUNO guaranteed.

FENCING AND GATE DEPARTMENT. F. M. & Co.'s well-known System of STRAIN ED CABLE & IRON FENCES now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad, is being continually Improveo upon to meet extended requirements, and complete informa- tion is supplied on application. RAIL! NGS FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, h. ORNAMENTAL HIGH-CLASS GATES, TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, Ransions, Villas ea. STRONG FIELD GATES, FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS, &e. HURDLES NETTING AND - AND TREE GUARDS. WIRE WORK. sic:›l42-'IOI:IV—C.TC:OILT BAR IRON FENCING, Fitted with F. M. & Co's Self-Lockiqg Joint. LONDON OFFICE 17, VICTORIA ST., Westminster, S.W.

4 4 KEATINCIA-: POWDER." This powder, so oelebmted. is perfectly unrivalled in destroying BUGS, PLEAS, MOMS, BEETLES, and all Insects (whilst perfectly harmless to all animal life). All woollens and furs should be well sprinkled with the Powder before placing away. It is invaluable to take to the Seivide. To avoid disappointment insist upon having " Keating's Powder." No other Powder is effectual. Sold any in tins, 6d., is., and 2s. 6d. Be ffare of imitations. Don't be deceived.

WORMS IN CHILDREN, WORM 3 IN CHILDREN, are elelly, surely. and with perfect safety got rid of by using KIIATING'S WORM TABLETS. Nearly all children suffer from Worms. If suspected, do not watt; you can with ease cure the child (h.ui no effect except on worms). Sold by all Chemists, in Tins Is. lid each.

SIT IN A DRAFT OF AIR AN HOUR, Go /ram an overheated room into cold or damp air while in a profuse perspi- ration, get soaking wet, and a couple of those grand preventatives ALLOOOK'S POROUS, PLASTERS will prevent you catching a bad cold or perhaps a serious illness. They are SIMPLE, CHEAP, EFFECTIVE. Sold by all Chemists.

BUT BE SURE YOU GET JILL INC CO CS'S.

--- v Id \ IF -',:(DU DOUBT THIS , "ro cs> NOTE.- 4 IipAMAMI) VAlflw , In HALF the TIME, ' 7 .. , YOU can produce : '- ' with Half' the Labour ----"-----_-- MORE POLISH with ......,,---- . 7 oTfWROI SPI eNlGinys SUN Nattkheatns With HALF - DOZEN Penny Packets of' , z,!,„ ordinary Blacklead. EASIEST, QUICKEST, CHEAPEST .1 BEST. *),qi ,Ilil v -,tij • , -,1, i . 1.1,,t • LIQUID. 1 MEI, AL PO Usk -t-,,,,,.r' Gives to Metal Articles of every Description (Gold, Silver, Copp& ),ra-1. S*Pel. etc., also Glass) a Beautiful Soft 4..„.•.....',,Ant Polish, which lasts SIX TIMES AS LONG WITHOUT' TARNISHING fIS other kinds. NO LABOUR, NO MIXING, NO SCRATCHES. Used in BOUDOIR, RITCHEY; STABLE, 51101', &e. Polishes anything anywhere, indoors or outdoors.

-.- Samples of the above Four articles post tt for 8 sta. or of any Ono for 2 stamps (to cover postage). Nante this Paper. Ask gaar Grocer to get them for you. C. CHANCELLOR & CO., LONDON. TRY Prmusma ts: AND SEE. a,

THE LADIES, TRUE FRIEND! A BOON TO WOMAN-KIND!! T ADlES—read this, and you will obtain particulars IA of themost•miRACULOUS MEDICINE for all Irregularities and Obstructions ever introduced to the Public. You may have tried Pills, Powders, useless recipes and other advertised so-called remedies, and all in vain. THOUSANDS OF Females have been relieved, Health restored, and DOCTORS' BILLS SAVED by this Medicine, which is the only I'm/ and RELIABLE REMEDY of the Age. Perfectly harmless and WONDERFULLY EF- FECTUAL. Stamped addressed envelope for Prim List and copies of Testimonials which are guaranteed genuine, under a Penalty of zioaoci open to inspec- tion and investigation. ' This Remedy has been TRIED AND PROVED BY THOUSANDS. THE HIGHEST REWARD OF MERIT IS CONTINUED POPULARITY. W. E. DASMAIL, Walthamstow. (mt. tem.) (Entered at Stationers' Hall).

ZIOR SPRAINS, CURBS, AND SPLINTS WHEN FORMING. FOR OVER-REACHES, CHAPPED HEELS, WIND GALLS. FOR RHEUMATISM IN Remus. FOR SORE THROATS AND INFLUENZA. FOR IMROKEN KNEES, BRUISES, CAPPED SOCKS. FOR SORE SHOULDERS. SORE BACKS. FOR SPRAINS, CUTS, BRUISES IN DOGS. " Ind4pensable in any stable, but especially :a the Stable of a Master of bounds. " HA DDINGTON, 'Master of Berwickshire Hounds." UN 'PLLIMAN'S EMBROCATION FOR 415,1 All4\ klitl/4 u..ololll%c‘S „CZ) 41)10r BRuisEs 111 CHEST COLDS SORETHROATfrom COLD- STIFF NES S 1 Prepared only by ELLIMAN SOl4S&C°SloughEng,l

_ ;ROGIVI, iEUMATISW LUMBAGO-I. SPRAINS. r •J

03-1-70

/ -BRUISEgHEST COLDS i SORETHROATRomCOLD-STIFf NESS :pared only by ELLIMAN SONSLUIP

tubular"to SOOTHING POWDERS FOR CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN JSE OVER FIFTY YEARS.

"JOHN STEEDMAN, CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY," is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

„u.,...,4E IRISH . N. IRISH JINEN IRISH CAMBRIC_ GV i POCKET fibig Lei 6i /...L. IRISH LINEN Guaranteed all pure flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/4 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. IRISH LINEN Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars, 5/6 per dozen; made special to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, VI 4/9, 5/9, and 8/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yards square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 40. per yard. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yard SURPLICE IRISH LINEN LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SUMMER AND I EVENING WEAR. IRISH LINEN IRISH TWEED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for strength, Durability, ) and Style. Please say if for Ladies' or Gents' wear. IRISHLINEN Patterns Free by Return of Post. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. G. R. HUTTON & CO., LARNE, BELFAST.

_ ys PILLS & OINTMENT Are acknowledged by all to be The Best Medicines for Fthnily Use.

I — MA NUFACTURIM ONLY AT 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON. And Sold by all Med;eine Ire•Vors throuybout the World. Advice Gr...tis, iil the above adatiss, daily, between the hours of 11 and 4, or by letter, . ..................... VENOYA TE A) s _____ _u ~.--.--\‘ 1/8, \ 2/ &2/4 ~ : ETA,,,,,,,,,, \ ....-,- ,7 ~.„ vr _ -..--,-.:.,-,---, ..w ::„-,,,:,,--e,,, ~ ‘A• ~,,:.,..fr \.\\ .\ ' ~, ------ , ,i",-,--,/ ~,sos,s'A.l,l„, .. . •,A.,v-,••,..,--, c•-;',,\. •..-z,„.. • ~..;e4\,-:,;.‘„y - . , ‘tr 4 \ I' • ,/,0%.,0 •,:,kk\ Itksts, 1-4•;:p--.-',100)---q..-_ 0i - ..,,,:ilte.d.4., ..,, \ \ 1 1 i • s \ ~\ /c. 7 '''' e:', il,-,---< the lead leading A Rest for the tired* in each \ \ \'• ~,,-z±4.':-4!;..-A'-' A Joy for the Strong. IN TINS aIN PACKETS. 4*- ' '' VENOyA TEA, EVERYBODY CAN GET IT FROM:— A. E. A. SMITH— BOWDON...HOUSEHOLD STORES SUTTON OAK BLAIR AND Co. Butterrnarket-street (corner of CO., Oxford-Rd. ST. HELENS M. BOHAN. Academy-street); 41, Winwick-st ; CROFT ...JAMES UNSWORTFI, JUN. TILSTON J WILLETT. and 57,Bewsey-t..W ARRING CON ; EARLESTOWN T. MOLYNEUX. TATTENHALL - G. MORGAN 31, Mersey-road, WIDNES; AND GARSTON A. E. A. SMITH. TRANMERE...M. A. BURGESS & 36, Market-st , EAKLESTOWN. MIDDLEWICH ...... W. RIMSEY. CO., 28, Church-Rd. ACTON BRIDGE ...A. C. MOULTON MARPLE W. BRADBURY. WIDNES R. WEBSTER BEPTESFIELD, Near Whitchurch ROCK FERRY...W. HOPKINSON, WIGAN H. LITHERLAND. J. L. HUXLEY. 96, 98, Bedfoid-Rd. LIVERPOOL ... GENERAL SUPPLY ASSOCIATION, 17, COLQUITT-STREET. List of Local Agents now completing, and will be published here regularly. Applicatibns for the few remaining vacancies to be addressed to the Proprietors of" VENOYA " TEA, 19 and 20, Camomile-street, London, E.C. Only one Agent, who must be a leading Grocer, will be appointed for each neighbourhood.

110 10 or" ited j to kreat -ging 1 5 . had a ; no titexhair „pot ,-E ET H. TEETH. TEETS rrEETH. PARKINSONStS TEETH are, at the Pr,,IT due lii UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The Pu're .1_ glEinivr. may rest assused that these statements :0 based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, and perh.FL f 4 TEETH. best guarantee,o6 this to intending that J. H. PARKINSON has one of the Lerg."-df Dantal Practices in England, the outcool7.l, TEETH.. employing the, BEST LABOUR, min/ ;a BEST MATERIALS- obtainable, and, chair' TENTH. the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. T Any. set macks, or any work done bylolol,, io F7H. not giving ABSOLUTE 59T18161...61T10r. or Every Detail will be immediately correcte4,o4 an ENTIRE NEW SET made Vila CHARGE. toff These conditions insure the public's TEETH. tion and recerismendation, exemplified sets having been inserted for patients TEETH. one year only, directly and indirectly GaZt:ioo the voluntary persuasion and recoranseeni of TREspy. of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Aay or de. these patients" names and addresses, for r tie TEETH. rence, will be-given to any would-be P6ifit4 personally applying for them. These, i oeit thousands n the past, each reconammding TEETH. friends, speak volumes for Mr. pant success. TIMM His unusually Large Dental Eatablistintli adapted for the COMFORT of Patients, 10 46 TEETH. NOT DETER ANY. ALL are W$LOO, t 4,0 FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily front 9 and 2 to 6. ' TEETH. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS RITRAC%-ado /to., as hitherto, by the aid of his owl, •FEETH. LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, afwhich lie l liquefies for sale to dentists nearly 10,0911t10P lons weekly. Patients, have, therefore, speciality so the benefit of hie- ezperienee TEETH. CLOSED ALL DAY ON 1014IDAY.6' -- 3. 11. PARKINSON, TEETH. ' Dentist by Examination. 46, MOSLEY-STREET, MANCHES' • WARRINGTON ON WEDNESDAYS, at Miss Cliat-6 Ladies' Outfittes, Sankey-at., from 2to 5 P.m' %iv • RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes, (114° Parson's), Confectioner, Bridge-st., from 2to 5. , r, NORTHWICIL tir on FRIDAYS. at Miss Gibson's, 2. wit' from 11 to 5. Al la ..:,,,Ordinary notices of Births, Marriages, and D.,itto. 'l;4 vetted free of charge. Marriages or Deaths with the_ovAl "No Cards," or any addition to tho, Registrar's notice, are charged One Shilling and Sirponee, if preP' announcements on credit, Two Shillings and such announcements must be autigeliti.mted by ' and address of sender. , MARRIAGES. TAURANAC—BERWI7.—On the 3rd inst. at St. Forest Gate, Essex, by the • Rev,. Henderson 13`-g,qty' vicar, John Wesley Tauranac to Emma, youngest 013 of the late James Berry, of Worsley. CD°. le HANKINSON—CALLAGRA_N—ApriI. 143. at the Parisi) ieso Warrington, by the Rev. F. W. Willis, Peter 1133 Avg' ' to Mary Ann Callaghan. CLAILE—DAGSALL—ApriI Ist, at the-Parish Church, pagas r to , by'the Rev. P. W. Willis, Peter Clare to Ant' Orr. ,i9tll GllMONS—Renz—April Ist. at thy. Parish Church, ton, the Re,. F. W. Willie, Henry Gibt.ons to Ann Hart. ,LAwToN—carrEft—April 2nd, at the Parish Chi",--„, ringtorit by the Rev. F. W. Willis, Peter Lawtoo Coffer. 409 Locicust -CA.O2/ER—April 4th, at the Parish 1-:4•-",..to,6' rington, 131, the Rev. P. W: Willis, Thomas Loae• Eliz .beth Crozier. eet6 DEATHS. • „„ WiLiAlius—April 3rd, at Stevensgn-st., j0"-- 60 Williams, 14 years. • ' jzitte' Rurrem—April 4th, at 55,, Oliver-st., Margaret years. 4th, Hoyleat., Alice Hall, 45• Lowz..—Amil 4th, at Gee-et.. Agnes Lowe, 55 yeo49 9 clt, TAYWR.—AprII 5:14 at 52, Allen-st., Mary, Ta;Detli' MOQUIRIC.—ApriI sth, at 45, Parigate-rosiL eilt4 McQpire, 30 years. r 39 Miarria.—April sth, at Latchford, Samuel Box.e
