===== 0002601_18960718_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
, but niftt.

'ree. and the

; moderate

tendanti

rto by tbe° e.

)00 galloo'

TREg

riaa'

EEL,A 31$1' Mrs. SAN'C'

1D013"9'

===== 0002601_18960718_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
___-

.TO5, Aft la pesigg res.

ffe ChilreTo b' `, Alien

cr' Pb" '

. riogteo, vie# le ij° u a. All IoP

ngtoii,seoitf, jotia 116.4 agt°3'.o

irga og',4 übr r 0,49„? ritg-11 0v iToNewol, and filatt;pillf • tov si,ac 0.0 7i/1111003 Totice'

I,P.' WA ,j>. J3°15'3;4'4-01' slat° eels. ae•'''ta r,

j te

===== 0002601_18960718_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
k

st:Rom L Y 114*NRY MILLING & CO., LTD.,

5,11 ORS EUARK ET-STA E ET,

WARRINGTON. Warringt.on• "14,h011e :—No. 48.

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE'. COMPLAINTS AIRS. SMITIIERS, Grand-daughter to the Widow Welch, eont.nnes to prepare this vleorated Medicin from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and Inc easin, demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the. following CAUTION.—To be careful that what they porch-s.• 19 prepared hy Mrs. Smithers, who is the only person in pos,e.ion of the ORIGINAL IiKOIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Outside label by Mr.. Sin'ther,,, and tha names of the Sole Wholesa;c :Agents, " W. EnWARD4 & Sm.?, 157, Queen Victoria Street. ' forruerlv of 67. it. Panl's, London, are en- grtved on the Gov.rnre, bc Id in boxes at 2e. 9d sat* by most Chemi4s.

TT OOPING COUGH The celebrated effectual HOOPING COUGH cure without internal medicine. HOOPING COUGH HOOFING COUGH Of all Chemists price 48. per bottle. Sole BRONCHITIS Wholesale Agents: W. EDWARDS & SON, CROUP 157, Queen Victoria St., London.

&LE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS

S FFERED AGONY FOR THIRTY YEARS.

EADws pus. "30, Randall Street, Bridge Road, Battersea, S.W., January 27,1892. EADE'S pus. "Dear Sir,—l feel it my duty to write and give you great praise I,JADR'S pus. for introducing such a valuable medicine as your Gout Pills.

Having SUFFERED UNTOLD AGONY FOR 30 YEARS. I can truly say I have never had anything to relieve my p.in so quickly as your Pills. I used to lay in bed for two or three months at a time, but now I not only get re- GOUT lief in a few hours but am able to get to work in less Rthan a week. My complaint HEUMATISM is the worst of all Gouts, called Chalk Gout. —Yours k.A OUT truly, " W. LITTLE3OHN." RHEUMATISM Mr. G. Bade. EADE'S GOUT St RHEUMATIC PILLS Prepared only by George Bade, 72, GOB WELL-ROAD, LONDON, 8.C.; and Sold by all Chemists in Bottles, Is. lid., and 2s. 9cl. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. THE BEST MEDICINE FOR BILE, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR WIND, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR INDIGESTION, 18 EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. They quickly remove the irritation and feverish state of ens STOMACH, correct the mOrbid condition of the LIVER relieve the system of all impurities, wnich, by circulating in the blood, loin, 13osly affect the action of the KIDNEYS, and, by removing the causes of so much discomfort restore the vital energies of body and mind.

EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. Sold by all Chemists in Boxes, is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or malted Free on rec.ipt of remittance by GEORGE BADB, 72, GOSIVELL-ROAD, LONDON, 8.0.

EA DE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS

Ciluratton.

RSTAB LlBlllOl 1858. CHARLES SUDLOW, BOOT AND SHOE MANUFACTURER,

15, WINWU:K-STREBT,

WARRINGTON.

A CHOICE ASSORTMENT OF LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S BoOTS AND SHOES ALWAYS ON HAND.

.o"s•;4b ,

===== 0002601_18960718_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
REPAIRS NEATLY EXECUTED

T. SLACK & CO.,

_ 95,) WESTMINSTER BRIDGE ROAD, LONDON, S.E. DEALERS IN TEAS, COFFERS, COCOAS, AND DUTCH

, • CIGARS-. The above Firm can supply Teas, &c., at the undermen- tioned Prices, viz. :- . i 'RA. INDIAN TEAS. 1 Blended Souchong at is. 2d. per lb. 2 Pekoe „ is. 4d. 3 Our Own Blend ~ is. 6d. „ 4 Afternoon Tea Pt Is. Bd. „ 5 Very Choice It 2s. Od. „ 6 Superb ~ 2s. 64. „ China Teas can be supplied at the same prices as the above.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
FRENCH COFFEBS,

per lb. 1 French Coffee as prepared in Paris with Chioory at le. (ii. 2 PI ls. 2d. PI OP SI PP It 3 „PP le. 4d. .. IP SP I. la. 6d.

in ilb:, jib., ;:nd 111;1. Tins."

PURE COFFERS.

1 Best Pure Coffee at 15. Cd 7 er lb. In t, and 11b. Tins. 2 l5. Sd. 11 3 „ 15. 10d. „ 11 4 „ „ 2a. Os. „

(1 IiOCOAS. Homeopathic at is. 2d. per Ib,in and 11b. Tins. Pure Cocoa Essence at 2s. Otl. „ I • Finest at 2s. Bd. „ 9, et Delicious Soluble Cocoa (Dutch) at 3s. Od. „

===== 0002601_18960718_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
CIGARS.

The following Brands of Dutch Cigars are always in Stock. Single boxes at the undermentioned Prices Carrigge Paid. 1 Jacks 13s. Od. pr 100 8 Sea Plower 16s. 6,1. pr 100. 2 Entre Nous 14s. Od. „ 9 Whiliminas 17s. 6d. „ Generoso 15s. Od. I'l Perfecto 17s, 6d. „ 4 Speech 16s. Od, „ 11 Manillas 20s. 6d. „ 5 HerAldrica 16s. Od. „ 12 Planteure 21s. Od. „ 6 Express 16s. 6d. „ 13 Triumphetord 225. 6d. „ 7 Nautilus 16s. 6d. „ 14 Valdines 275. 6d. „ Planteurs are supplied in Boxes of 25 at I price per 100. Triumphetors „, 50 ,• V,,ldines are supplied in Boxes of 25 and 50 at and price per 100. Special quotations on the above Cigars in quantities of 500 , Samples of any of the above will be forwarded on receipt o , 12 stamps. TERMS: CASH WITH ORDER. _

_ Carriage on 7lbe. and upwards is Free to any addrees in the United Kingdom, exeept on Teas Nos. 1 and 2. The same applies to French Coffees 1 and 2,and Cocoa 1. Tins free Samp!es are sent free on application. Chests (501bs. full Cheats (1001 be. are subject to 10 per cent. (liaoouut.), x

GREAT BARGAINS IN FURNITURR. Lot 153. A Magnificent Solid Oak Dining-room Suite, by consisting of a magnificent suite of couch, two.easy atud 12 single chairs, in morocco, stuffed all through chairs,O t' with finest cur:ed hair ; a cilendid suite, beautifully uphol- stered, comfortable and luxurious ; price 20 guineas..cost £B5. The Sideboaid is all solid oak. to mats, is a fine specimen of good cabinet work; p 'ice £l4. cost £45. The massive 10 feet Dining Table to match tor £B. c,ist £25, The suite-complete If in one lot, far £4O; suite. sideboard. and table the cheapest, lot in Greif. Brit,in. Inspect at once, or will be sold.— WOIibLBY'S. Lot 179. A Very Massive Solid Oak Dining-roont. Suit. Marsden and Balining, consisting of suite of 15 pieces, cou-h, two easy ch drs, and 12 high-class standard padded back single chairs, late the pioperty of a nobleman. ; the suite alone must have cost £l5O to taw. It is upholstered in Morocco and hae a set of loose Covers; our price for the lot only 20 guine s. The sidebcard is magnificent, both hi d•-isign and quality ;.the back is divided in three parts, sur- mounted with a beautiful Corinthian cornice and capitals, three brildant crystal mirrors are elegently tittAd in the•re- ceases ; the lower part is also massive and elegently fitted ; price only £3 , worth £l2O. l fine 12 feet dining table to match tor £l5 15i., cast £45. A. splendid overmantel to, match, cost £3O, for £9 108. Anyone reqiiiring really high- class second-hand furniture ought to inspect this lot at once ; only requires to be sten to effec; a speedy clearance. Lot 213. A Spanish Mahogany Dining-room Suite, com- plete, with 9-piece dining-roona. unite of coach, two easy chairs, and six tine massive single chairs in morocco, massive 7-feet Spanish mahogany sideboard, aad a 10-fsr3t Spanish inahogstriv dining table on heavy carved supporta the whole lot for £25. would cost £l2O new. .--WORSL eIIC'S ---------_____

GREAT BARGAINS IN DRAWING-ROOM FURNITURE. Lot 516. A DRAWING-ROOM, one of the most perfectly furnished rooms inseginable, corataining furniture of the mast stylish recherche, fascinating description. The whole in s.ryt'd Clrisesendale, being dull polished so highly appreciated new in society, and although eeeond-hand is quite perfect, so perfect that it would puzzle an uphol- sterer to tell it had been used, all that art could do bay- ing just be .re completed to make the furniture equal to new, it being essential that draa itig-roota furniture should be sp tlessly fresh. The suite contains settee, two Princess easy chairs, a carve i back chair, and four variously designed occa- sional emirs, the who) e being upholstered in rich Genoa velvet. Tha cabinet is sit; Mooresque fre style, having a Moorish cars', curtaias canopy ; the whole isbridiantly fitted with curiens:y shaped panels ef bevelled plate glass, the lower vortion containing china encasements. The orermantel matches, tie cool c ,binet„ditto, and last, but not least. Users is a set of four occasionalt ables of wierd style,eaeh different. The whole, as before Stated, forms a cbarrning suite, well worth 250 guineas ; price for immediate sale 85 guineas. In- spect ion invite W. 11.1YOINLEY, Gaythorn, Manchester, Lot 753. A Magni fiCA nt Drawing-room Suite, second hand. but equal to newon ‘.. 'nut,cost 25.,f0r £l2 les. The h ind- sonic Ch'ff miser to is. tee, with glass back and marble top, for £6 108. Overmarite to match, 455. Lot 591. A Very Pretty Chippencale Drawing-room Suite, in rich silk coverirLr eaquieitelv upholstered most stylish in design. for £l5 15s ; aerth £35. Moorish Chippendale Cabinet to match f r £l5 16s. Uvermantel, £44. 100 Drawing-room :iuites on view, £3 108 to £5O. GREAT BARGAINS IN BEDROOM FURNITURE. Lot 913. Bedroom Furniture, handsome, very bold, and of original des vs, by Uoveston, and consists of a very massive wardrobe, containing all modern fitmenta, with a pair of brilliant plate glass full dress folding doors. The dressing table s pedestal fizted with numerous drawers and sur- mounted wl.ll brilihrst irw:ng mirror attached to elegantly - fitted jewel draw, re The washstand is fitted with Carrara marbl alp Carrara mirble back, as superior to tiles, fitted also wit's shav,ug mirror, There is a fine table de unit also four chairs and to,el airer. The wardrobe is 7fl. 6in. ; The tables blt. The suite cost £175; price 65 gnineas. Money returred if nit, satisfactory. The very heavy solid brass Persian berieteac ot this roonz is a surprise, being un- doubtedly the ban spa-lett in the North of England ; it is fitted with quaarusr/e Yr-e mattress and quite new hair mat- tress.. Price sor the lot. £1).8 15e. The bedstead alone cost £5O. WORSI. Ars), Matichrster. Lot 92. a high, a., so I American walnut bedroom suite, richly and esspos toy carve in beta relief. This suite is of r-ry superior styte +sort wo, kmanship, and is unique fawn the fact that it i the only one of the kind in the world, It contains the usual psi oes as in lot 3 but the sizes are 6ft. wardrolbeand 411. fin. dresein taule and washstand; the panels are all inimid lA. SO id American walnut with the finest figured burr Watnut ; price £35 worth £7O The brass Persian beds old is similar to !se. 3. but. not so massive; price £/.5 compete. WU ItiL uancise ,ter

rro COUNTRY BUY t. R. 6 —The enormous patron- age enjoyed by Wor- ey'a from customers all over Lancashire, Yorkshire, uheadire, The Potteries, all over the North, Th lidla, de, an I W.tles, will prove how much is the saving effected by pitrAp.• tti:: Worsley's. In future car-. Hake will be paid on all order& over £2O to any part of Eng- 'land and Wales tai& to say that better valise could not be obtained than W rsley's New Goods. and the second- hand Furniture tom,ly hew. ere and demoralises egrupeti., don. Never inithi venal. distance you live from Manchester, it will pay you to visit Worsley's ; you will save quite 5U pee cent.

Ternor ot business : Goods packed and delivered free. aar Cr by graduated rnents. No abate oent from advertised bargains. liveryr r,i,u4 absolutely guaranteed. W. H. WOILIy, Ths Pantheon," Gaythorne. Manchester, City-road cars pass the door, which is quite close to the Ceutral Station. HOVE'S OF 1311611NIASS, 9 to 7 RVEJIY DAY.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
DINING-ROOM

===== 0002601_18960718_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
2 C )OUGALLS PATENT SELF-RAISING FLOUR "E;727I74IUESTION.

PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

RECCiIiDS are like wills—as soon as they are made, 'there ib an effort to break them.

"FAINT heart never won fair lady," without considerable assistance on her part, ALL things come to those who know when to sthp waiting. IT would be a good thing if people could not play the violin until they know how.

No one is superstitious when it comes to receiv- ing the baker's dozen. WnEN a man's good deeds speak for themselves, he should not allow his voice to drown theirs. MIME are dozens of remedies for rheumatism, and it usually lasts long enough to give its victim a chance to try them all.

HARD as it is to climb up in the world, it racks us a good deal worse to climb down again.

IT happens frequently that the prophet' who is without honour in his own country can't afford to go abroad. "WHY are you sobbing, my little boy " 'Cause I'm ten years old tomorrer, an' fadder pro- mised me a pair of long pants !" "But why those idle tears ? ' "'Cause mudder said tunes were hard, an' she's goin' ter cut down a pair uv me sister's bloomers fer me."

FIRST LITTLE Boy: "My sister wears a number two shoe." Second Little Boy: " Booh That's nothing. Mine wears a number Six." DEALER : "Would you like me to show you some furn iture of the style of Louis Fourteenth?" Mr. New: " 'Tain't high enough ! Show us some of at least Louis Thirtieth."

BARNEY: "Say, Phelim, what's a ventrilo- quist ?" Phelim : "He's a lad phat stands on one side av the room and talks to himself from the other." NEXT to a railroad track, the smalll boy prefers the unfloored second storey of an unfinished house as a playground. THE reason so many humbugs gain fame in these days is that the ladder has been superseded by the elevator. A LAMP always stands in its ovni light, which probably accounts for its being so often "turned down." THE second baby may weigh three pounds more than the first without causing half as much excite- ment. MANY people who profess to believe in the theory of the greatest good to the greatest number, also believe that the greatest number is

No.!. KIND LADY : "Now, you will promise me that you won't spend this money on liquor?" Tramp: "I promise, mum—and me word is as good as me bond !" _ _

A WORK OF FicrioN.—Johnny : "I don't believe this is a true story." Tommy: "Why not?" .Johnny: "It doesn't end right. It's a story about a fight between a man and a lion, and the

man gets Oiled by the lion." BRAVE IN HER GENERATION. —"I am not afraid' The tall, slender girl laughed at the tempest. "I have nothing to fear," she cried, as a great sea swept her from the ship into the seeth- ing waters. "My hair curls naturally." LITERARY fame consists in having a peat many people know that you have written something which they have not read. No matter whether a man's life results in abso- lute failure or complete success, plenty of people who had predicted it can always be found. Iv, as has erroneously been said, we really profit by our errors," every man-jack of us would be declaring dividends daily. THE average impressionist is not so bad as the picture he's painted. AIRS. FIASHLEIGH : "Such a gentleman, that Mr. Hattie was! Never complained if he had no towels, never sneered at the food, or made remarks about the meals being late. But for his one great fault I'd never have let him leave the house." Forth Flohr : "Oh ! he had a fault then, had lie?" Mrs. Hashleigh : " Yes ; he thought if he sat around praising things, it wasn't necessary to pay board." PAYS TO SELL CHEAPLY.—Customer: "So you sell these watches at five dollars each. It must cost that to make them." Jeweller: "It does." Customer: "Then how do you make any money?" Jeweller: "Repairing 'em." " AlAn.fa." "Yes, Tom." " Maria—l—ah " —" Yes, Tom." "Maria, do you—that is " "Yes, Tom." "Oh, will you marry me?" "Yes, Tom. That is the fourth time I've said it. I knew what you were driving at all the time." MAUD : "That Swattles girl is wildly infatuated with her new chum, that Molly Jamesby. What - does it mean, I wonder?' Madge: "It means that Molly has a brother." LITTLE BROTHER IN MISERY. —Hostess "I wonder why your little brother seems so restless and uncomfortable ? " Little Ethel: "I guess it's 'cause his hands is clean." ECHOES OF THE WEDDING.—" It's all nonsense, dear, about wedding-cake. I put an enormous piece under my pillow and dreamed of nobody." " Well? " "And the next night I ate it and - dreamed of everybody !" IN his wife's eyes a man is a gambler when he looses. In his associates' eyes he is a gambler when he wins.

TEACHER: "If a person is eighteen years old to- lay, how old will that person be ten years hence?" Bright Boy: "Please, sir, is that person a matt or a woman?" ON HISTORIC GROUND.—" Yes, sir, this is the

place where the battle was fought:3 "ilaveyonany relics of it ? " "Yes, sir. John, mould the gentleman about twenty bullets, an' tell the black- smith to hammer out a bayonet quick." Titz chestnut producer sidled up to the clever man and said, "I've rust read a curious thing about Australian ants. They sit on trees and bark, and many of them weigh a pound." The clever man guffawed quietly—" The last time I heard about those ants they were Indian ones. They may weigh a pound, but I'm hanged if they bark." And they carried him off foaming.

WENT TO AN OCULTST.—Friend : "Did you g 0 to that fashionable oculist, as I suggested ?" near- sight: "Yes he examined my eyes, and gave me a piece of paper showing the sort of glasses I needtsd." "Why don't you get the glasses?" "No money left." A DECIDED SAVING.—Domestic: "Do yez want me to use this quare thing?" Mistress: "Yes. That is a patent dish-washer. You place the dishes inside and turn the crank." " Phwat good is it, sure!" "The dealer warranted it not to break over a dozen dishes a week." At.stosT AN ACCIDENT.—" Speaking of narrow escapes," observed Mr. Chugwater, reaching for his second cup of coffee, "did I tell you I was on a train the ether day that came within three feet of being run into by another.' train going at full speed?" "For mercey's sake, no," exclaimed :Ars. Chugwater. "How did it happen?" "The train that came so near running into ours," he re- joined, buttering a biscuit, "was on the other track, and going the other way." It was several minutes before Mrs. Chugwater broke loose, but when she did she made up for lost time. As ONE WOW.kli TO ANOTHER.—MrS. GT/Kiley (tearfully) : "I don't care who knows it! My husband has got to give up either me or his club. He gets worse and worse. I don't believe he'll ever be any account, the worthless brute !" Neigh- bour (soothingly) : "I didn't think it was so bad. But Mrs. Smithers did tell me yesterday that ylur husband was a poor creature at best." Mrs. Gradley (flaring up) : "Oh, she did, did she? Well, I'll just let that backbiting gossip know she can't run around slandering the best man in this town! Poor creature, indeed! He's worth a thousand Tom Smithers, and I'll let her know it I Wait till I get my bonnet!"

- _ WILL. REMEMBERED. - "Now, sir," said a travelling artist to little Mr. Oppenheimer, "I understand you are a widower. I presume this photograph is that of your deceased wife?" Ya-as ; dat va.s my Amalie," replied Mr. Oppen- heimer, with a respectful glance at the photograph in the artist's hand. "Well, now," continued the man of paint, "I could take this photograph and enlarge it to eight times its proper site, colour it up just right, and like you a speaking likeness, all for a crown." "Dat is jeep enough," returned the little widower, "and it would be goot to zee my Amalie zo large and handsome. But it isa no matter if de likeness do not sbeak," added Mr. Oppenheimer, hastily. " Dat is too much tO ex beet for one crown, and I regall my Amalie'a voice moat berfectly."

. - A CA RD KNOWN as Rey. Joseph Holmes .Mexican Prescription is the only original rfl trant,ed Remedy for all those wh, suffer from nervoo4 weakkes4, exhausted vitality- •4:l4ley or bladder diseases, grivel. prostate, spinal weak • t•B5. ~fain fag and kmdred complaints. It has stood the -test for twenty years. Send a self-addr eased stamped .4rive4ope to Joe. HOLMES. Remedy Co. Bloomsbury Man Bloomsbury Square, London, and get full particulars this great speedo free of eharge. Mention whether for at 'female. ware;pl fraud.) kat. Ina itsUirs.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
"CAPITAL" CHAT.

On the question of the South African inquiry there are known to exist. relations, wt,ich may al- most be called strained between Lord Salisbury, and his Colonial Secretary. A denial at the present stage would no doubt, he plausible enough in view uf the fact that the Cabinet have not yet seriously discussed the form and nature of the African in- quiry. It is known, however, that consultations that have taken place unofficially and in private between Ministers, furnish little ground for the be- lief that anything like an agreement on the ques- tion is within the bounds of possibility. The d:ffer- once which has arisen between Lord Salisbury and Mr. Chamberlain is mainly the result ot a strong feeling which the Piime Minister has entertained throughout in regard to Mr. Chamberlain's diplo- macy. To this it is understood the Foreign Secre- tary attributes many of the difficulties that have arisen. Mr. Chamberlain, on the other hand, very strongly resents Lord Salisbury's interfereace.

The mail from America has brought a few fresh details about Harriet Beecher Stowe's last days. :41e was under the affectionate care of her two daughters when the stroke of paralysis which was the immediate cause of her death occurred. Her son is a Congregational minister in a town quite close to Hartford Up to the last two months Mrs. :Stowe retained her interest in others, and in fine weather was often out of doors. Friends would visit her, and sometimes would perform on the pianoforte. Till recently Mrs. Stowe herself would sit down before the piano and softly play some old tunes which she had learnt in childhood. her hand- writing was clear to the last, and for one so old her power to write graceful little notes was exceptional. It is probible that the famous address from British) women—bound up, as it is, in twenty-four octavo volumes—will eventually find its way to the Government at Washington for preservation among the national archives. It contains the signatures of hundreds of thousands of women.

There were at least four eminent ministers from Amenca or Canada ',reaching in London churches on Sunday. Dr. Amory Bradford, in the presence of a large number of his fellow-countrymen, com- menced his two month's occupancy of the pulpit of Kensington Chapel. At Marylebone Presbyterian Church, Dr. Lorimer made his welcome re-appear- snce. libs ornate style of preachirg is much ap- preciated by Dr. Pentecost's congregation. Dr. of Toronto, supplied the place of Dr. Mon- roe Gibson at the Presbyterian Church at St. John's Wood ; and the Rev. Principal Grant, also from Canada, officiated at the Scotch Church in Belgravia. Fresh arrivals of American divines are expected a little later on. Their preaching engage- ments do not by any means spoil their holiday, and in most cases enable them to secure it.

One of the difficulties which the Prince and Princess of Wales must have encountered in connec- tion with the marriage of Princess Maud has been to spread the patronage abroad among tradesmen as widely as possible. The honour, not to speak of the -,..rotit, arising from furnishing some part of the marriage trousseau makes the competition among the largest, firms as keen as it well can be, and their Royal Highnesses are doing their utmost to popu- larise themselves in this direction. Spits fl-his, with its old fame and reputation,has carried off i he privilege of weaving the wedding dress, a score of London firms have all received big orders, and the greater portion of the trousseau will be furni-hed by a well .known Portman-square establishment. Lon- don, therefore, should be satisfied.

It might be reasonably maintained that in mat- ters of observance of the law Parliament ought like Ctesar's wife, to be above suspicion. But this counsel of perfection is not lived up to. Instead of the makers of law being the strictest respectors of it, they assume to be above it, and arrogate the privilege of being not only its makers but it hreakers. This was brought out by the series of interrogations by which Sir Wilfrid Lawson has .ought to run to ground the question of the sale of intoxicating liquors on Parliamentary premises and ro ascertain by what authority this is done, for having previously unsuccessfully tried to bring to honk the Commissioner of Works and the Attorney- General, on Tuesday the facetious baronet turned upon Lord Stanley, Chairman of the Kitchen Committee. From him at last he got a definite admission. This is that the refresh- ment rooms of the Houses have not., and never had a licence, and that there is no intention of applying for one. Lord Stanley adds that he does not propose to take the opinion of the Law Officers of the Crown on the legality of the pres,-ty. free and easy arrangement. Under these circum- stances the attention of the Commissioners of In- land -Revenue may well be directed to what Sic Wilfrid Lawson describes as a business cen4ucte:l on the footing of a bogus drinking club. It seem, not impossible that they might get heavy penal- ties.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FXAMINER, SATURDAY JULY 18. IS'96

tan; shall complain thereof to tbe- oolobal of hie regiment. To this the prisoner begged to reply that he had considered the colonel of his regiment his persona 1 _ _

enemy, and as such oenld have little hope of the fame, even if he had had opportunity afforded him, of appealing to that authority. The Judge Advocate expressed his belief that this complaint was vexatious and groundless. And here the evidence was closed, and the prose- cutor, prisoner and witnesses dismissed, and the court adjourned to meet again to deliberate with closed doors. It was a period of awful suspense with Traverse llocke. The prospect seemed dark for him. The rACT of the offenoe, and the Lew affixing the penalty of death to that offence was estab- lished, and as the Judge Advocate truly said, nothing remained but for the court to find their verdict, in accordance to both. Extenuating circumstances there were certainly; but extenuating circumstances were seldom ad- mitted in eourts•martial, the law and practice of which were severe, to the extent of cruelty. Another circumstance against him was the fact that it did not require an unanimous vote to render a legal verdict; but that if a majority of two- thirds should vote for conviction, the fate of the prisoner would be sealed. Traverse had but one friend in the court, and what could his single WAG@ do against so many 7—A.ppa.rently nothing; yet, as the prisoner on leaving the court-room raised his eyes to that friend, Herbert Greyson returned the look with a glance of more that encouragement— of triumph

"Sfr, the articles of war accord him that privi- lege. But is it ever taken advantage of? Is there a ease on record where a private soldier ventureu to make a dangerous enemy of his immediate superior by complaining of his captain to hui colonel. Nor in this case would it have been of the least use, Inasmuch as this soldier had well•founded reasons for believing the colonel of his regiment his personal enemy, and the captain as the instrument of this enmity." "And you, Major Greyson, do you coincide in the opinion of the prisoner? Do you think that there eould have been anything in common between the colonel of the regiment and the poor private in tue ranks, to explain such an equallsing sentiment as enmity?" inquired Captain O'Donnelly. "I answer distinctly, yes, sir I In the first place, this poor private is a young gentleman of birth and educatiou, the heir of one of the most important estates in Virginia, and the betrothed of one of the most lovely girls in the world. In both these capacities he has stood in the way of Colonel Le Noir, standing between him and the estate on the one hand, and between him and the young lady on the other. He has disappointed Le Noir both in love and ambition. And he has thereby made an enemy of the man who has besides the nearest interest in his destruction. Gentlemen, what I say now in the absence of Colonel Le Noir, I am pre- pared to repeat in his presence, and maintain at the proper time and place.' "But how came this young gentleman of birth and expectations to be found in the ranks?" Inquired Captain Rosencrantz. "How came we to have headstrong eons of wealthy parents, fast young men of fortune, and runaway students from the universities and colleges of the United States, in our ranks? In a burst of boyish impatience the young man enlisted. Des- tiny gave him as the colonel of his regiment his mortal enemy. Colonel Le Noir found in Captain Zuten a ready instrument for his malignity. And between them both they have done all that could possibly be effected to defeat the good fortune and insure the destruction of Traverse Rocke. And I repeat, gentlemen, that what I feel constrained to affirm here in the absence of those officers, I shall assuredly re-assert and maintain in their presence, upon the proper occasion. In fact, I shall bring formal charges against Colonel Le Noir and Captain Znten, of conduct unworthy of officers and gentle- men r

"But it seems to me that this is not directly to the point at issue," said Captain Kingsley. "On the contrary, sir, it is the point, the whole point, and only point, as you shall presently see, oy attending to the facts that I shall recall to your memory. You and all present must, then, see that there is a deliberate purpose to effect the ruin of this young man. He is accused of having been found sleeping on his post, the penalty of which, in time of war, is death. Now listen to the history of the days that preceded his fault, and tell me if human nature could have withstood the trial?

"Sunday night was the last of repose to the pri- soner until Friday morningl when he was found asleep on his post. "Monday night he was sent with the reconnoitre- ing party to Casa-de-Mata. "Tuesday he was sent with the officer Vint carried our Ganeral's expostulation to Santa Anna. At night he was put on guard. "Wednesday he was sent with another party to protect a band of emigrants crossing the marshes. At night he was sent with still another party to reconnoitre Molino-del-Rey. "Thursday he was sent in attendance upon the

officer that carried dispatches to Gneril Quitmae, and did not return until after midn;uht, when, thoroughly worn out, driven indeed to Lea extreme degree of mortal endurance, he was again, on a sultry, oppressive night, in a still, solitary place, set on guard; where a few hours later be was found asleep upon his post —by whom 7—the colonel of his regiment and the captain of his com- pany, who seemed bent upon his ruin I—as I hold my- self bound to establish before another court mart al. "This result had been intended from the first! If five nights' loss of sleep would not have effected this. New& probably would; if fifteen would not, thirty would • or it thirty wouldn't, six'y would!— and all this Cuptain Zaten had the power to enforce until his doomed victim should full into the hands of the provost-marshal, and into the arms of death "And now, gentlemen, in view of all these cir- cumstances, I ask you—Was Traverse Rocke guilty of wilful neglect of duty in dropping asleep on his post? And I move for a reconsideration, and a new ballot!" "Such a thing is without precedent, air! These mitigating circumstances may be brought to bear on the Commander-in-Chief, and may be embodied In a recommendation to mercy! they should have no weight in the finding of the verdict," said the President, "which should be in accord.ance with the fact and the law." "And with justice and humanity To find a verdict of guilty against this young man would be to place an unmerited brand upon his spotless name, that no after clemency of the Executive could wipe out I Gentlemen, will you do this? No! I am sure that you will not And again I move for a new ballot! " "1 second the motion 1" said Lieutenant Lovel, rising quite encouraged to believe in his own first instincts, which had been so favourable. "Gentlemen," said the President, sternly, "this thing is without precedent 1 In all the annals of courts-martial, without precedent!" "Then if there is no such precedent, it is quite time that such a oF.,e were established 1 so that the Iron car of literal law should not always roll over and crush justice! Gentlemen, shall we have a new ballot?" "Yes! yes yes yes !" were the answers. "It is irregular lit is illegal lit is unprecedented! a new ballot, never heard of such a thing in forty years of military life! Lord bless my soul, what is the service coming to 7" "A new ballot la new ballot I a new ballot 1" was the unanimous cry. The President groaned in spirit, and recorded a vow never to forgive Heroert Gieyson for this departure from routine. The new ballot demanded by acclamation had to be held. The Judge Advocate called the court to order and began anew. The votes were :amen as before, com- mencing with the young lieutenant, who now responded sonorously: "NOT GUILTY 1" And so it ran around the entire circle. "Not N goutitithletc"ourt. "Not guilty 1" were the hearty responses "Not The acquittal was unsaninous. The verdict was recorded. The doors were then thrown open to the public, and the prisoner called in and puelicly didcharged from custody. Traverse Rucke threw himself upon the bosom of his friend, exolainaing in a broken voice: " I cannot salLnently thank you I My dear mother and Clara will do that 1" "Nonsense I" said Herbert, laughing ; "didn't I tell you that the Lord reigns and that the devil is a fool? This is only the beginning of victoriee !" (To be continued.)

CHAPTLIt LIV. THE END OF THE WAIL

"Now are our brows bound with victorious wreaths, Our bruised arms hung up for monuments; Our item alarums changed to merry meetings, Our dreadful marches to delightful measures, Grim-visaged war hath smoothed his wrinkled front And now, instead of mounting barbed steeds, To fright the souls of fearful adversaries, He capers nimbly in a lady's chamber, To the lascivious pleasing of a lute." SHAKESPRABE.

Ten days later Molino-del Rev, Casa-de Itaca and Chalonhope° bad fallen. The Uuited States tomes occupied the city of Mexico. General Scott was in the Grand Plaza, and the American standard waved above the capita of the Montezumas I Let those woo have a taste for swords and muskets, drums and trumpets, blood and fire, describe the desi ersie battles and splendid victories that led to this final magnificent triumph I My business lies with the persons of our story, to illustrate whom I must pick out a few isolated in- stances of heroism in this glorious campaign. Herbert Greyson's division was a portion of the gallant Eleventh that charged tbe Mexican batteries on Molino-del-RRy. He covered his name with glory, and qualified himself to merit the command of the regiment, which he afterwards received. Traverse Rocks fought like a young Paladin. When they were marching into the very mouths of the cannon that were vomiting fire upon them, and when the young ensign of his company was struck down before him. Traverse Rocks nok the colours from his falling hand, mid crying ** Victory I" pressed onwards and upwards over the dead and the dying, and springing upon one of tho guns which con- tinued to belch forth fire he thrice waved the thag over his head, and then plsnted it upon the battery! Captain Zuten fell in the substquent assanit upon Chapultepec. Colonel Le Noir entered the city of Mexico with the victorious army, but on the subsequent day, being engaged in a street skirmish with the leperos or libergrad convicts, ho. fell mortally wounded hv a

copper nahet, ana ue r.W cy:ug Jy ncnes at his quarters near the Grand Cithedral. It was on the evening of the 20;h of September, six days from the triumphant entry of General Scott into the cl pttal, that Major Gi•eyson WAS seated at supper st his quarters, with some of his brother officers, when an orderly emered and handed a note to Herbert, which proved to be a communication from the surgeon of their regiment, begging him to repair without delay to the quurters of Colonel Le Noir, who, being in extremity, desired to see him. Major Greyscn immediately excused himself to his company, and repaired to the quarters of the man. _ _

He found Colonel Le Noir stretched upon his bed, in a state of ex reme ex.ianstion, and attended by the surgern Lnd chaplain of his regiment. As Herbert advanced to toe slue of the bed, Le Noir stretched out his pale hand, and said: "You bear no grudge against a dying man. Greyson "Certainly not," said Herbert; especially when he purposes doing the right thing, sal judge you do, from tne fact of your sending for me." "Yes, I do, I do," replied Le Noir, pressing the hand that Herbert's kindness of heart could not withhold. _ __ _

Le Noir then beckoned the minister to hand him two seal packets, which he took and laid upon the bed before him. _

Then taking up the larger of the two packets. he placed it in the hands of Herbert Greyson, Baying: "There. Greygon, I wish you to hand that to your friend, young Rock% who has received his colours. I understand ? "

" Yes ; he has now the rank of ensign." "Then give this parcel into the hands of Ensign Rocks, with the rcquest, that being freely yielded up, they may not be used in any manner to harass the last hours of a dying man." "I promise, on the part of my noble young friend, that they shall not be so used," said Herbert, as he took possession of the parcel. Le Noir then took up the second packet, which was much smaller, but much more firmly secured than the first, being an envelope of parchment, sealed with three great seals. Le Noir held it in his hand for a moment, gazing from the surgeon to the chaplain, and thence down upon the mysterious packet, while spasms of pain convulsed his countenance. At length he spoke: "This second packet, Greyson, contains a—well, I may as well call it a narrative. I confide it to your care upon these conditions—that it shall not be opened until after ED y death and funeral; and that, when it has served its purpose of restitution, it may be, as far as possible, forgotten. Will you prom:se me this?" On my honour, yes," responded the young man, as he received the second parcel. "That is all I have to say, except this—that you seemed to me, upon every ave.:nut, the most proper person to whom I could confide this trust. I thank you for accepting it; and I believe that I may safely promise that you will find the contents of the smaller packet of great importance and advantage to yourself and those dear to you.'' Herbert bowed in silence.

"That is all. Giod-bye. I wish now to be alone with our chaplclin," said Colonel Le Noir, extending his hand.

Herbert pressed that wasted hand; silently sent up a prayer for the dying wrong-doer; bowed gravely, and withdrew. It was almost eight o'clock, and Herbert thought that he would scarcely have time to find Traverse before the drum should beat to quarters. He was more fortunate than he had anticipated; for he had scarcely turned the Grand Cathedral, when he c one full upon the young ensign. "Alit Traverse, lam very glad to meet you I was just going to look for you. Come immediately to my rooms, for I have a vary important communi- cation to make to you! Colonel Le INc.dr is sup- posed to be dying. He has given me a parcel to be handed to you, which I shrewdly suspect to contain your intercepted correspondence for the last two years," said Herbert. Traverse started and grzad upon his friend in amazement, and was about to express his astonish- ment, when Herbert, seeing ow hers approach, drew the arm of his friend within his own, and they hurried sileatly on toward Major Greyson's quar- ters.

They had scarcely got in, and closed the door, and stricken a light, before Traverse exclaimed, impatiently:

Givo It me 1" and almost snatched the parcel from Herbert's hat th.

"Whist! don't be impatient. I dare say it is all stale news!" said Herbert, as he yielded up the prize. They sat down together, on each aide a little stand supporting a light. Herbert watched with sympathetic interest while Traveise tore open the envelope and examined Its con' ents.

They were, as Herbert had anticipated, letters from the mother and the betrothed of Traverse— letters that had arrived and been intercepted, from time to time, for the preceding two years. There were blanks, also, directed in a hand strange to T:averse, but familiar to Herbert as that of Old Hurricane; and those blanks enclosed drafts upon a new Orleans bank, payable to the order of Traverse Rocke.

Traverse pushed all these latter aside with scarcely a glance and not a word of inquiry, and began eagerly to examine the long-desired, long-with- held letters from the dear ones at home.

His cheek fl.imed to see that every seal was broken and the fresh aroma of every heart.- breathed word inhaled by others, before they reached himself !

"Look here, Herbert! look here Is not this insufferable t Every fond word of my mother, every delicate and sacred expression of—of regard from Clara, all read by the profane eyes of that man 1 "

"That man is on his death bed, Traverse, and you must forgive him 1 He has restored your letters."

"Yea, after their sacred privacy has been pro- faned 1 Oh!" Traverse handed his mother's letters over to Herbert, that ker foster-son might read them, but Clara's "saen.3l epistles," were kept to himself. "What are you laughing at r inquired Traverse looking up from his page and detecting Herbert with a smile upon his face. "I am thinking that you are not as generous as you were some few years duce, when you would have given me Clara herself; for now you will not even let me have a glimpse of her letters 1" " Hsve they not been already sufficiently pub- lished 1" said Travene, with an almost girlish smile and blush.

When those cherished letters were all read and put away, Traverse stot,ped down and "fished up," from amidst erivelbpps, strings, and waste paper, another set of lettarg, which proved to be the blanks enclosirg the cht.cks,_of various datek_which Herbert recognised as coming anonymously from Old Hurricane.

"What in the world is the meaning of all thls Herbert? Have I a nabob uncle turned up any- where, do you think? Look here !—a hundred dollars and a fifty, and another all drafts upon the Planters' Bank, New Orleans, drawn in my favour and signed by Largent k Dor, Bankers I —I, that haven't had five dollars at a time to call my own for the last two years 1 titre, Herbert, give me a good sharp pioni to wake me up I may be sleeping on my post again 1" said Traverse, in perplexity. "You are not sleeping, Traverse "Are you sure? " _ _

. - "Perfectly," replied Herbert, laughing. "Well, then, do you think that crack upon the crown of my head that I got upon Ohapultepec has not injured my ititellect " "Not in the slightest degree 1" said Herbert, still laughirg at Ins friend's perplexity. "Then I am the hero of a fairy tale, that is ell— e fairy tale in which waste paper is changed into bank notes, and private soldiers prince-palatines I LOOK HERE!' cried Traverse, desperately, thrusting the bank Cheques under the nose of his friend; "do you wee those things and know what they are, and will you tell me that everything in this castle doesn't 'go hy enchantment ? " "Yes, I see what they are, and it seems to me perfectly natural that you should have them I" "Humph I" said Tr4verse, looking at Htroart with an expression that seemed to say that he thought the wits of his friend deranged. " Traverte,"said Majut Greyson, "uid it never oc- cur to you, that you must hare ol her relatives in the world besides your mother? Well, I suspect that those cheves were sent by some relative of yours or your mother's, who just begins to remember that be has been neglecting you I,' "Herbeit, do you know this r inquired Traverse, anxiously. "No. I do not know it; I only suspect this to be the cvs-," said Hor Jert, evasively. "But what is that which Ton are I:)rgetting 7" "Oh! this—yes, I had forgotten it. Let .us see what it is 1" said Traverte, examining a paper that had rested unobserved upon the stand. "This is an ordot for my discharge, signed by the Secretary of War, and dated—ha-ha-ha—two wears zee! limrs I have been serving two Yelta

===== 0002601_18960718_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HIDDEN HAND;

CAPITOLA THE MADCAP. MT MRS. E. D. E. N. BOUTHWORTIL

CHAPTER LII. THE COURT MARTIAL. 'I wish I could Meet all my accusers with as good excuse, As well as I am certain I can clear Myself of this."

—SHAIEMPSARIL pursuant with the general orders issued from tteadguarters, the court martial, consisting of ' thirteen officers, convened at Tacubaya, for the trial of Traverse Rooks, private in the--Regi- east of Infantry, accused of sleeping on his poet It was a sultry morning, early in September, and by seven o'clock the drum was heard beating before the Arohiesoopal palace, where it was understood the trial involving We or death, would Gone off. The two sentinels on guard before the doors and a few officers off duty loitering about the verandahs, were the only persons visible near the well-ordered premises, until the members of the court martial, with the prosecutors and witnesses, began to assemble and pass in. Within a lofty apartment of the building, which was probably at one time the great dining-hall of the priests, were collected some twenty persona. comprising the court martial and its attendants. An extension-table covered with green cloth occupied the middle of tee long room. At the head of this table sat General W., the president of the court. On his right and left, at the sides of the table, were arranged the other members according to their rank. At a small table, near the right hand ef the President, stood vas Judge Advocate, or prosecutor on behalf of the United States. At the door stood a sentinel on guard, and near him two or three orderly sergeants, in attendance upon the officers. The Judge Advocate opened the court by calling over the names of the members, beginning with the President and ending with the youngest officer pre- sent, and recording them as they responded. This preliminary settled, orders were dispatched to bring the prisoner, prosecutor and witnesses into Court. And in a few minutes entered Colonel Le Noir, Captain Zaten, Lieutenant Adams and Sergeant Baker. They were accommodated with seats near the left hand of the President. Lastly, the prisoner was brought in, guarded, and placed standing at the toot of the table. Traverse looked pale, from the severe effects of excessive fatigue and anxiety; but he deported himself with firmness and dignity, bowed respect- fully to the court and then drew his stately form up to its fullest height, and stood awaiting the pro- ceedings. The Judge Advocate, at the order of the Presi- dent, commenced and read the warrant for holding the court. He then read over the names of the members, commencing as before, with the Presi- dent, and descending througn the gradations of rank to the youngest officer, and demanded of the prisoner whether he had any cause of challenge, or took any exception to any member present, and if so, to declare it, as was his privilege. Traverse lifted his noble head and keen eyes, and looked slowly around, in turn, upon each officer of the court-martial. They might all be said to be strangers to him, duce he knew them only by sight—all except his old acquaintance, Herbert Greysong who sat first at the lett hand of the President, and who returned his look of scrutiny with a gase of full encourage- ment. "I find no cause of cballencre, and take no excep- tion to any among the officeie composing this court," answered Traverse, again bowing, with such sweetness and dignity in tone and gesture that the officers, in surprise, looked—first at the prisoner, and then at each other. No one could doubt that the accused, in the humble garb of a private soldier, was nevertheless a man of education and refinement—a true man both in birth and breed- ing. As no challenge was made, the judge-advocate proceeded to administer to each of the members of the court the oath prescribed by the Articles of War, to the intent that they should try "the matter before them, between the prisoner and the United States, according to the evidence, without fear, favour, or affection." This oath was taken by each member holding up his right hand, and repeating the words after the officer.

The court then being regularly constituted, and every reeltminary form observed, the judge-advocate arose and directed the pisoner to listen to the charge brought against situ and preferred by the colonel of his regiment, Gabriel Le Noir. Traverse raised his head and fixed his eagle eyes upon the prosecutor, who stood beside the judge. advocate; while the latter, in an audible voice, read the accusation, charging the prisoner with wilful neglect of duty—in that he, the said Traverse The square mile in the heart of London, in which Rocke, on the night of the tirst of September, being z so much of the financial business of the world is. fl upon guard at the north-weteru outpost of lats infantry quarters at Tacubaya, did fall asleep transacted, has some social statistics of its own, upon his post, thereby endangering the safety of which are periodically reported on by Dr. Sedgwick the quarters and violating the 46.rh Article of War. Saunders, the medical officer of health for the City, To which charge the priaouer, in a firm voice, and when large comparisons are taken they invari- replied: ably furnish matter for interesting rsilection. For Not guilty of wilful neglect of duty, though instance, during the last twenty-five years the found sleeping upon my post." population which is to he found in the City during The judge-advocate then cautioned all witnesses the day has risen from 170,133 to 30t,384, being an to withdraw from the court,, and come only as increase of 95,9'28 per cent. But the night popula- they were called. Tney withdrew; and be then tion—that is, the population which resides there arranged some preliminarits of the examination, day and night—is at present only 38,320. This and called in Captain Zuten, of the regiment of night population is rapidly diminishing, inasmuch infantry. as it is 13,085 less than it was ten years ago. An—. -This witness was a short, coarse-featured, red- explanation is not given of this change in the habit, haired person, without intehect enough to enable of the permanent residents of the City, or at lead. of Lim to conceal the malignity of his nature. the fall in numbers; but it indicates the growing He testified that on Thursday, the first of Sep- tendency of the people to yield to the centrifugal tember, Traverse li,cke, private in his company, temptations which are continually keeping a strewn was ordered on guard at the north-western outpost of people flowing in search of pleasanter homes t.) of the quarters, between the hours of four and eight the suburbs of the metropolis. Lat. That about five o'clock on the same morning, he, Joseph Zuten, in mak.ng his u, ual rounds, and being accompanied on that occasion by Colonel Gabriel Le Nair, Lieutenant Adams, and Sergeant Baker, did surprise Private Traverse Rocke asleep on his post, leaning against the sentry-pox with his musket at his feet. This witness was crofts-examined by the judge- advocate—who, it is known, combines in his own peva' the office of prosecutor on the part of the Uoitad States and counsel for the prisoner—or rather, if he be honest, he acts as impartial inquirer and arbiter between the two. As no new facts were gained by the cross-exami- nation, the judge-advocate proceeded to call the next witness, Colonel Le Noir. Here, then, was a gentleurin of most preposses- sing exterior as well as of most. irreproachable repu- tation

Within the limits of the City are the two grpat- ' markets,the meat market at. Smithfield and the fp.l, market at Billin.:sgate. While the meat trade 's tapidly augmenting, the Billingsgate fish trade rapidly declining, under the competition of the market further down the river at Shadwell. During 20 year the meat supply coming into the city hii•irr- ri,en from 176,000 tons to 3,17,900 tons, or nearly double. Of this immense quantity only 599 tone were unsound, and were seized as such. On the other hand, in four years the supply of fl h cominu into Billingsgate has fallen from 130,800 tons to 127,200 tons; and, as the falling off is annual, it means that the Billingsgate trade is doomed to fiod a lower level.

Mr. Rhodes is no longer managing director of the Chartered Company, but when he was enter- tained by the Bulawayo Municipal Board at a ban- -pet early in June his resignation had not. been accepted by his London colleagues, and the state- ments lie mole in replying to the toast of his h. alth have therefore some official character. Prot() the verbatim reports of his remarks which the hist South African mail has brought,sorne very inru;- rive and interesting conclusions may be drawn. in the first place,it is apparent that. 111 r. Rhodes ree 1,.•- nises what i 4 very much recognised in that the white settlers in Rhodesia have a very different task before them from that which Majnr Forbes had in the last Metnb-1. wee. Then the Matabele adopted the old Zihi t aetics and attacked their enemy in force, wher..l, the machine guns gave the white men an overwhelming advantage. Now, as Mr. Rhodes expresses it, " you meet. them one day and kill a lot of them, and they appear the next day as if nothing had happened." In fact, the Matabele have learnt the 10...850ri of the last, war, and have adopted tactics infinitely more diffieult to meet. Mr. Rhodes told his audience that " one of the serious things we shall have to deal with is that, instead of the natives fighting us, we shall have to filett them in the bush in a country as big as' Europe. or at least a large portion of it." This way of putting it is pe-heps a trifle exaggerate, but the case is eminently . one for the u.,a3 of the "large maps" recommended by Lord Seli6btiry. Two months was the limit one enthusiaaticspeaker gave Sir Frederick Carrington for . wiping out the rebel- lion. Six weeks have come end gone since thensend to all appearances the natives who have risen are stronger than they were when the prediction was uttered, while the report of Sir Frederick ('erring- ton's indisposition adds to the gravity of the situa- tion.

In brief, his testimony eerroborated that of the foregoing witness as to the finding of the prisoner asleep on his pt at the time and place specified. In honour of his high social and military standing, this witness was not cross-examined. The next called was Lieutenant Adams, who cor- roborated the evidence of former witnesses. The last person examined was Sergeant Baker, whose testi- monv corresponded exactly to that of all who had . gone before him. The Judge Advocate then briefly summed up the case on the part of the United States--first by read- ing the 46tti Article of War, to wit, that: "Any sentinel who shall be foued sleeping on his post, or shall leave it before be shall be regularly relieved, shah suffer death," etc., etc., etc. And secondly, by reading the recorded evidence to the effect that— " Traverse 11.)cke had been found by competent witness sleeping on his p0...t." And concluded by saying: "Gentlemen, oftieg;re of the ceurt-tmrtial, here is the law and here is the fact het proven, and it remains for the court to find a verdict in accordance to both." The prisoner was tT,et, Tint rt?).0,1 hi. defence. Traverse RNike drew himself up and said, thst-- the TELT/1 1,,.0 the ....esi,ed sun, mast, on Its shin- ing forth, di...a:fel ..111 Ai of error; that, trusting In the power of truth, he sbenid briefly relate the history or the p. c. ,et,n (lave. And than he commenced and narro'eri the f..cts with which the reader is alreo.dy acquainted. Traverse was • fin. eriversl timee In the course of his natrative by 'h, P ident, General W., a severe to-01111,A. reminded .hat an attempt to ollideim Injure his cauzel,eiete the cu..r . Traverse, bowint;, as in duty bound, to the President at ever.j ires,ll interroi Lion eevertheless proceeded strai6lt on with Ms Lairative to its con- clusion. Tile defence being closed, the Ju4ge Advocate arose, as W:IF eio!tige to have the Let word. pratcd Cult if 'die prisoner had been oppressed Or aggrieved hy ht hutterior ;er, his remedy lay in the 3511 of L 4kritle4 01 War, providing that any swift: wio shall OW 2-40)4044 WriZsbge4 b 7 WA car

PRINTrss L. C. BOTA.PARTY thfinks the proprietors 0 /i.eps Brewery tor the samples sent her. whieh she likes very nvich. P9p.cially the IC•)ps She will f--1 or,lized if tney will kindly fors a-ci her 6 tiozen pirts of the same." LADY FtonExcr. DIXIE like!. Ko•is Ale i cry maid). Fxti from letter, AngiistB,l2 lac Fifteen Gold -Modals F.Y/tV Two million bottles sold in one weak. Bittered !ion, Hops only. Agent I—W. irvalfzes. Kops Stores. how'elr WitriPatPla•

===== 0002601_18960718_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER LIII. THE VERDICT.

"We must not make a scare-crow of the law, Setting it up to frighten birds of prey; And let it keep one shape till nature makes it

Their perch and-not their-terror." —SHAKESPrang. The members of a court martial sit in the double capacity of jurors and jud.;es; as jurors they find the facts, and as judges they award the punish- ment. Yet, their session with closed doors was without the solemn formality that the uninitiated might have supposed to attend a grave deliberation upon a matter of guilt or innocence involving a question of life or death.

No sooner were the doors closed that shut out the "vulgar" crowd than the "high and mighty" officials immediately fell into easy attitudes, and engaged in conversation upon the weather, the climate, yesterday's dinner at General Cushion's quarters, the claret, the cigars and the Mexican signoritas. They were presently recalled from this easy chat by the President, a severe disciplinarian, who reminded them rather sharply of the basLless upon which they had convened. The officers immediately wheeled themselves around in the chairs, facing the table, and fell into order. _ _ _

The Judge Advocate seated himself at his detached stand, opened his book, called the atten- tion of the court, and commenced and read over the whole record of the evidence and the proceed- ings up to this time. The President then said: _

" For my own part, gentlemen, I think this quite a simple matter, requiring but little deliberation. Here is the fact of the offence proved, and here is the law upon that offence clearly defined. Nothing seems to remain for us to do but to bring in a ver- dict, in accordance with the law and the fact." Several of the older officers and sterner disciplin- arians agreed with the President, who now said: "I move that the vote be immediately taken on this question." To this also the elder officers acsented. And the Judge Advocate was preparing to take ballot, when one of the younger members arose and said: h Mr. P,esident and gentlemen, there are miti- gating circumstances attending this offence, which, in my opinion, should be duly weighed before making up our ballot." "Lieutenant Lovel, when your hair has grown white in the service of your country, as mine has, and wheta your skin is mottled with the scars of a score of well fought fields, you will find your soft theories corrected by hard experience, and you will know that in the case of a sentinel sleeping upon his post, there can be no mitigating circumstances; that nothing can palliate such flagrant and dan- gerous neglect, involving the safety of the whole army; a crime that martial law and custom has very necessarily made punishable by death," said the President sternly. The young lieutenant sat down abashed, tinder the impression that he had betrayed himselt into some act of gross impropriety. This was his first appearance in the character of juror and judge; he was lit,,rally "unaccustomed to public speaking," and did not hazard a reply. "Has any other gentleman any views to advance before we proceed to a general ballot 7" inquired the President.

Several of the officers whispered together, and then some or rsplied that there seemed to be no reason why the vote should not be immediately taken.

Herbert Greyson remained perfectly silent. Why he did not speak then, in reply to this adjuration,— why, indeed, be had not spoken be/ore, in support of Lieutenant views in favour of his friend, I do not know to this day; though I mean to ask him the first time I have the opplrt unity. Perhaps he was inclined to dramatic effects: but whatever might have been the motive, he continued silent offering no obstacle to the immediate taking of the vote.

_ The Judge Advocate then called the court to order for the taking of the ballot, and proceeded to question the members in turn, commencing with the youngest.

" How say you, Lieutenant Lovel, is the prisoner on trial guilty or not guilty of the offence laid to his charge 7" "GUILTY," responded the young oilloer, as his eyes filled with teats of pity for the other young life against which he had felt obliged to record his vote.

"If that is the opinion of one who seems friendly to him, what will be t'ae votes of the other stern judges!" said Herbeat Greyson to himself, in dismay. "What say you, Lieutenant Jones--is the pris- oner guilty or not guilty ?" said the Judge Advocate, proceedir with the bath. " Gui/ty "

"Lieu want Cragin ?"—" Guilty "Lieu: ns ?"--"Guilty I" .4 Lieut.:n cat Golfe 1"—" Guilty !" " Lieuto.iant Hesse 1"—" Guilty I" "Captain Kingsley ? "—"Guilty!" "Captain McConkey ?"—" aailty 1" "Captain Lucas ? "—" Gaiity 1" " C Aptain O'Dienelly 7 "—" Guilty 1" "Captain Rosencrantz 7"—" Guilty I" "Major Greyson "--" NOT GUILTY!" Every officer sprang to his feet and gazed in astonishment, conAarnation and indignant inquiry upon the renderer of thiA unprecedented vote. The president was the first to speak, breaking out with:

"Sr! Major Grayson! your vote, sir! in direct defiance of the fact and tha law upon it, is un- pew lented, sir, in the whole history of courts- mania' !"

'1 record it as uttered, nevertheless," replied Herbert.

"And your oath, f,ir I what becomes of your oath as a judge of Mai:. court!" "1 regard my oath in Iny vote!" "What, sir," iuquired Captain McConkey, "do you IL3BII to may that you have rendered that vote in accar(' o ce with the facts elicited in evidence, as by your A a you were hound to do 1" "Yes."

"How, sir ! do von rrvtan to say that the prisoner did not sieop on his post r' "Certainly do not; on the contrary, I grant that he did bleep upon his post, and yet I maintain that In ding so he wivi I'm% guilty !" "Major (ireYsou plays with us!" said the President. "By no means, en. I rawer was in more solemn earnest than at prese!A ! Y ur honour, the Presi- dent, and gentlotnen j.uipes of the court, as I ELM not counsel for the prisoner, no,- civil officer, nor lawyer, of whok9, interfere,- courts-martial are proverbially jealous, I *Wig you will permit me to say a few words in scippor., or at least, I will say, In explanation of tee vote which you have characterised as on cpinic...l in opposition to fact and law, and nuprece:leawili .a the whole history of courts-martial."

"Yes, it is! i is !" Paid G^ocral W., shifting un- eaiilv in his ee-it.

"You heard the defence of the prisoner," con- tinued Herbert; "you ivm Ith itrrtwo of his wrongs and huff:rinp, to ib troth t which his Very aspect bete ter,iTavey. 1 win t hero express h ludgment as to the 'motives thAt p; qmpted his superior officers, I will mere;v advert, `,..) the facts themselves, in order ,o prvve that 'he prisoner, naer the ci:cunntnn::..r, rot, with his tundlan power, have done 0t.13v,wi.. inn he did." " sir, if the prisoner coi>t,), led tiiraself wronged by his captain, which ips very drubtful, he could leave wooded La he 9olozbi ot as minaut

===== 0002601_18960718_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
legally; and EL I had been convicted or base duty in sleeping on my post, I should enema shot unlawfully, as that man, when be me, knew knew perfectly well," exclaimed Trasteis"7/estb- "That man, as I said before, lies uPon unat t.llO bed I Remember nothing against him, inth order for a discharge—now that you aree_g'" 7 cso ,v ay of promotion and the war IS over— take advantage of it I" said to 1/1" "Decidedly, yea! for, though I ani obapta' acquitted myself passably well 11 tepee—" „, OW° " Glorously, Traverse I You won 10"- gloriously." g. not —"Yet, for all that, my true mierioll 'broken break men's bones, but to set them when, ,„ 00% —not to take men's lives, but to save toe'"„iesio endangered. So, to-morrow morning. et.;ol Providence, I shall present this order to Butler, and apply for my discharge." f hog° "And you will set out immediately -0- I The face of Traverse suddealy changed. .4100 "I should like to do so! Oh, how I 03°1 dal; to see my dear mother and (.31ara, if only ft° but I must not indulge tt., longing of tfilmZus,l I mutt not go home until I cun do so with bb7ol. "And can you not do so now / You, w d poo triumphed over all your personal enemies, 04 your colours at Chapultepec !" fesw "No, for all this was in my legitimate pir° by SlO Nor will I present myself at home until. t ogiti blessing of the Lord, I have done what Ise Aso do, and establish myself in a good practitn ood so, by the help of Heaven! I hope wilt; fil/ week to be on my way to New Orleans to "" fortune in that city." "To New Orleans I—And a new, mallg,.ol' of some horrible, unknown type, raging exclaimed Herbert. ian pi "So much the more need of a physic. .00t bert, I am not the least uneasy on the stiFiril, infection! I have a theory for its annibihl "I never saw a clever young profession without a theory 1" laughed Herbert. The drum was now heard beating the and the friends separated with hearts revived hope. .s.s Ofal The next morning Traverse presented 147,,,_ gyr of the secretary to the commander-in-Ohl" .4 received his discharge. And then, after writing long, loving and ~.„"hcie'l letters to his mother and betrothed, and eo'''ool4' the former to try to find out who was the odf' benefaetor who had sent him such timellt Traverse took leave of his friends, and set 013 the Southern Queen of CitiLs, once more t'a his fortune. Meantime the United States army con.--ztioli occupy the City of Mexico, through the so the autumn and the winter. 0„ General Butler, who temporarily succeeu—,,eo illustrious Scott in the chief command, ver1;80 arranged the terms of an armistice with the that was intended to last two months fr°l;o3 beginning of February; but which hapPil/ until the conclusion of the treaty of peace hit— the two countries. Colonel Le Noir had not been destined cool die; his wound,—an inward canker from bullet, that the surgeon had at length succenollo extracting—took the form of a chronic 00, disease. Since the night upon which he bay sr' d so extremely ill, as to be supposed dying. had rallied, the doctors felt no appieheuwar his speedy death, though they had no hope° final recovery. sP. Under these circumstances, there were 1, which Le Noir bitterly regretted his precipits of' : permitting those important documents to gierli, his own hands. And he frequently sent for i'ho, Grayson in private to require re-assurances would not open the picket cofifi led to h)O3 the occurrence of the event specified. r And Herbert always sc abed the stiff°l9,l reiterating his prorni LI-s so long as Coltfor Noir should survive, the 5e...1 of that packet too not be broken. _Beyond the suspicion thlt the par !el 0013., an important couluiibior, Herbert Grele°' entirely ignorant of its corents. icor I But the life of Gabriel he Noir was Po' ' beyond all human calculus cf pi obabiiitiss. acd, He was spared to exct lance a more efliel) repentance than that spui.cus one into wh.1007 had been frightened by ths teeraif sPrei# of death. And after sev.ra wombs of 1L,.13° er) illness and gradual deciiee, during the lawrti.r tions of which he was comforted by the sea fiv his only son, who had come his summons tO him, in May, 1848, Gabriel L,. N .ir expired, 0 care penitent, reconciled to God and man. And soon afterwards, in the month of Ma treaty of peace having b2en ratified by the Congress at Queretaro, the American army ) ated the city and territory of Mexico. And the brave soldiers, their "hr rag el with victorious wreaths," set out upc theil 03 home and friends.

( To be continued. )

,- "As A, SATE, PERMANENT, AND WARRANTED uciaio Scrofula, Scurvy. Eczema. Btd Legs, Skin 13 and 1. f P;rnples and Sores of all kinds. we can with Air recommend Clark's World•fa ned Blood Miaiurel ' c-rtainly the finest Blood Purifier th.st seicucti itinoc,d skill have brouglt to light." Thousands of Tem° orK Sold ever) a here. ht 2s. 9d. per bottle. Bewi.re of mitations and substitutes.— Advt. HARROP'S-13..SSINETTES.

HAEROP'S BASSINETTES. HARR')P'S 13ASSINET1150 122, BRIDGE SO' 199 B 11,111/E STROil,' 122, dAV BRIDGE END OF SEASON SALE. END OF SsCASON SALE. END OF SEASON SAI)I4. for This is a Bonn-tHe Cl 11%11 tNG'I4 AALII of 51,011. oler Class B.ssinPas, now off lre,i limier cost price 92 C 0,11? BAHIA' SO CHOM:I4. FIRST CO %IP:RS WIN,' BALIGAIDIS.

122, B T E )I, .A. C 4 UT

A 'Litt c cugh," THE HUI i" Do tihALl II : li•e A " Little THR FOREitillsr.' ill • OF DEA. •:i : ,¢13.,• .33 A " Little Which may b C! ltbD new by the IMUS,Olit` HAIM FL Etl,r°f LUNG it,..SToRER. FOR IN_ _UL,IO.O Ite tete egl AND ALL (31.' Pi TO 14 "G AND, wil 405, REsT+ i)cvn COMPLAP;ro."6 Never Pails. 3 t POsSE•i.;l4Sl:„..fl'6l6,o' y LUNG -4. sooTw , 10--„,•10 - RESTORER FELL, wl ,1,,1.,.70, ....-.•,... ()thee pre, l'gu— LUNG Fan COUG fl 4 COlllO I.) ESTORF, L Never F Its. I-, NI:VER PA LUNG I itTANT 6" f)()S6 rV REhTORr.R. af- FIRST • -i.go ,4 LUNG -_,LIDE TO • V r R ESTO 11 ER. In ,ut.:Es i-L,'. 'giiltig.,l:l Calm and lefre Irt7 LUNG GO-a, 0 1.?E;311)11' • R 1,Y,',..s NOT nritl7 i.i ilivinivi. - LZ) Never Pill. ' " - 1.1 LUNG mg . 1-tpIIIA. 1) EST() If ntt. I' .1 WllOOl1tiO 1 CO I UNG I'.* CTS Lils--,.., 1.-I IT?Ell" IR RR, Chi'd,,n 11'6' Ty' 1 130 -1.11. Never Fall. I 67. HALL'S c:, 8 li.nli• ,01,Akir , P- r UNG II ESTOincit I :•ovi-14 ITS 40 I, 11-4 IA) Revisterei y... , tßLlill33o„,tiOr GIVRS INsTAN r Nl7 .1 140'1,5, , VAl.gov RELIEF, } k 1,,,.:. 1310,frT,,,. I EXTRACT F':() *4 LI3 rilitt I::: I'ITN.-brol'4ollfr,, Mrs M. A. ti4,:n. ti. • •ephee tt t - ,• ir (irls. gra P',14.41", To Mr. Tit •ItAk HALL —`• •i A tilli•--1 ;of yoldrcif,, testify to the g.-eit ~:. a. derv. i,, , 'to 09' j cl)grfe:glr RHSTOttit '. .. 'n-li I h .v.. , re, ' 7-erel'or 4 Home—in t -w.• •• pa. tied. !y:• • . ty cts:ll be P 6 having cure., m•tekin te ' .cH• I ahl „t f ift,4o recommend it we I. I v f rii.),l . il 0 t.lO 4; esn'r CAIYI II $ V.— I. a y,,i, ask t'l;.. aeCer itle 0/ LUNG IiES!.,) ; , da t b ~,,,,, -,., ea -°, . geo° else Up. n the en i e wr., ~p. .vt And , appears my Tr,. INI.. k (tip t-.:v., '•" F i'oll4. Otif Bewire of fraudulent iinitatio, ,•s:•‘; ,''' 0,, isligoA, Sold by Chemist. and F .r. . --r)•''' 'l,eialt,cij, vser. is. lid. a ..d 2s. 9d. •Zhnntd tier-.. 56 ,• iv: ''L. l'if e,.•lffilr. II git will be sent .rriage t.a ,:. 1,% R mount, trorn '2 HO ti Ai :1k -t,, '4- :11uee' ' ondon.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLDSTC C_l ‘,‘ IZEAT

116, 117, 119,

(OPPOITI

ALL SAIY

CirOLBSTONE

===== 0002601_18960718_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTED C

UPHOLSTEREI

gOLDSTONE

BED 'IIIAD AI

IYEALBRS IN

qOLDSTONE

SPECIMENS -C

===== 0002601_18960718_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
BRONZBS AN]

qOLDSTONE Al

115, 117, 119, C

FOR NEW A.

DININCi AND

===== 0002601_18960718_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
GILLOWS,

DOVESTONE,

===== 0002601_18960718_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
AFTER CIIIPI

REPPLEWHr

Ci-OLDSTONE A

13LIVIO1t AL

===== 0002601_18960718_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
OR STORE TI.

qO-1- .DSTONE A PAY CUSTOM

40t. -DSTONE A ALWAYS HA ROUSES OF PROlid £l5, T 'READY FOR

OLDS B'OR NEW Al' KITCHEN FL BY POL!, OCT 13Y BALFOU BY NORItI 3. SHOOLI3 AND 0 1 H ER UPHOLSTER 'UTRECHT. S

q• OT ,DS'TONE 115, 117, 119.

)3H CAREFU

ICi-OLDO TONE spite IN litL s ALL mA

%OLDsToNE Volt NEW DROOM IN ALL sr 13-3 C ALL Tk IN WALNU 48H. MP

GOLDsToNE 115, 117, 11'

CrOLDSTON PI FOR SECO

CrOLDSTON POE .TEE3I

qOLDSTONE BATISFAC

IGirOLDSTONE FOR BRAti

0-OLDSTONE LARGEST ROT TO I

OrOLDSTONE POE BID' IN ALL 2i

qOLDSTONFI PoR ovm oocAsio.

qn -LDSTON E

OR KIT

qOLDSToNE TRH poo

qOLIISTON F RAILWA"

lCiar ALL Q 0(

qoLtisToNl li'Lli El

440 T AN

' . gOT Copal

4.0464 otea or shouldlisLia:o7s ken be tiedec Trolly; me dew upon t him! Bet 117. at you are ill goo is over--will J-

I am saide: all at vow- won your 0010._ minion fait,lol lem when W_74 ) save duo mit morning, I order to ur- ge:, ihttely for `Araluy-- °banged. how I shmilwz.„ if only for ging of ray io so with how-ii You, wbo enemies, sod I'- ,

itimato Proin/O ome until. 131, ts what I get nisi : hope ivitef, Orleans te 004 • malignalterie ?e, raging ' I phyeldsnt..Alll on the subri, ts ; profeasioaw aert. eating the ...nOlll h hearts resented the j loving and !v.:SI led, and eet.7.;so rho was the 0%4 such tinmajc Is, and set (AV mace more W Iti! army eMI.-214. ongh the VP'7,O ally en ccoodo amand, verl„,ot cc with the wi-yr.„, months fro1;101 ich happil/ cf peace Ow. sn destined IP', nker from $ 0 length sue • 100 a chronic , which he hsejii osed dyingsiocgii, • appreh Lad no hopoe oe.°ll here were ba4 his preciplts7ol uments to ,tly sent for .‘,l/ -assurances wrd I filed to hio3er , I the anfianii long as Colcod that packet "r 24 e Pavel. OOP bort Grey 00 foir was P01:1;:d obabiiities. 3 a more one into svis4ooo# air • • r,Lpid a ionti of 13g the lattep by the 60007,1 is summons to / Ar expired, 0 and man. / aonth of Mate Eied by the my Irican army") ✓ " bro--45 it up()

'ARRANTED 64V1:541 Citi and s,je can with co op nod Mix P ture..,'. .t Rafe/ice isnrolti; twig of TestiOrti Beware of vt°

NETT ES.

ISSINVIIS.O [DGE DOE - DOE ST/45°

SALE

SON SAl)l4'

0/41 LLB of aheti..„ dr' r cost price "" if 00:-:14. A.IIQAINS.

OF Li°

" Little Cougb: Little Coinm gbo' 50 IMNIRDIA'rO INFLUI6I At f ND ALL COP-12.0) ANT) 110 v A COM pI,ArINO.„„4 .110,4ie 100TH, , 'L. W 1 41 e%isti Prei DOUGI C 14 f °611( PA t TANI: 'MST POSO rV sor a 4 r 14000 TO ES E4r, : 111 P .fig lin and iefreelw,:ili °' NOT Ci)s; i )tortri. orll

1100111,.\10 coo C 1;10 "S 101 hi dr,n like 16.1 13011 t,20. 000:45 ITS V /Or ,BLIiII.IO 404 rig P 5 VAIL' ø,Jv ti ITNESS - An,,, rrilrl. CroY".li4s,o6-4,011 ;In —I 001 10 use of yooookd eve 11,0) irtelite tY cts si ere if 4 shall P 10 Ate '0 tile r 0 t 4 ed to • CleCe.flioe,of Vre' igeua Tir P Pr !Of*, etie •• rsr, fle C„dirt ot • V 'l.r e ei• •ot ibArt, Queto Viov"

===== 0002601_18960718_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_18960718_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
L

GOLDSTONE AND SONS, GREAT HOUSE FURNISHERS,

115, 117, 119, OXFORD-STREET

(OPPOITE THE FOUNTAIN),

ALL SAINTS, MANCHESTER.

tirOLDSTONE AND SONS,

NOTHD CA.BINETMAKERS,

VPHOLSTERERS AND CARPET FACT R

'qOLDSTONE AND SONS,

1313DiTEAD AND BEDDING MANUFACTURBai

DEALERS IN SECOND-RAND FURNITURE.

q-GLDSTONE AND SONS,' SPECIMENS OF ANTIQUE CHINA, BRONZES AND ARTICLES OF VIRTU.

40LDSTONE AND SONS,

115, 111, 119, OXFORD-STREET, MANCHESTE POR NEW AD SECOND-HAND

InNING AND DIIAWTNG-110011 FURNITURE,

13Y GILLOWS, DYSON, LAMB,

DOVESTONE, SNOWDON, C., 10.

APTER CHIPPENDALE, SHEREATON, REPPLEWHITE AND QUEEN ANN STYLES.

qol.i --ATONE AND SONS, 131ILIVER ALL 000Dc. FREE, OR STORE TILL REQUIRED.

40LDSTONE AM) SONS, PAy CUSTOM.' RAILWAY FARRS.

0131 q ---..,STONE AND SONS, ALWAYS HAVE COMPLETE ROUSES OF FURNITURE. PROM £l5, TO £lOO IN STOCK. ItEA.DY FOR DELIVERY.

q'nr -,LuSTONE AND SONS. IoOR NEW AND SECOND-HAND RITCHEN FLIINITURE, lir POLLOCK, OF BEITH 13Y BALFOUR, OF GLASGOW, NORRI 3, OF BATH, )3.Y SHOOIBRED, OF LONDON 4ND OTHER NOTED MAKERS, UPHOLSTERED IN NOROOOO3, MOHAIR, lITRECHT. SADDLEBAGS 1 Se.. &c..

• Ci.ol r. 11 '4SToNE AND SONS, 115, 117, 119, OXFORD-STRBET,

qot. -DSTONE AND SONS, OA.REFUL YOU GHTITHH ILICIRT SHOP.

G-OLDSTONE AND SONS, sPicci&L sq()w OF CHILD'S COTS, IN ALL mAIiiN AND COLOURS.

q°LDSTONE AND SONS, INA NEW AND SECOND-HAND IiDROOm FURNITURE, IN ALL STILES AND MAKES, BY ALL THE NOTED MAKERS. IN WALNUT, MAHOGANY, BIRCH, ASH, CHIPPENDALE MAHOGANY, &a., to.

GOLDnoNE AND SONS, 115, 117, 119, OXPORD-STREETABLANCIRBSTER

IGOLDSTONEI AND SONS, FOR SECOND-RAND SPRCIALITIRS.

CirOLDSTON E AND SONS, FOE TREIENDOUS REDUCTIONS.

qOLDSTONEI AND SONS, EA.TISFACTION GUARANTEED.

gOLDSTONE AND SONS, FOR BRASS AND IRON BEDSTEADS.

CirOLDSTONE AND SONS, LARGEST SHOW IN THE CITY. NOT TO BE SURPASSED.

IGrOLDSTONE VTD SONS, POI; SIDi•B -)S AND CABINETS. IN ALL MA t S AND WOODS.

4GOLDSTONE AND SONS, FOR OVPIR 4A.x nus AND PIER-GLASSES. OCCASIONAL AND CENTRE CHAIRS.

01--DSTONE AND SONS, FOR KITCHEN FURNITURE.

qOLDSTONE AND SONS, POOlt MAN'S PicOVIDER,

sqn —LtosToNE ivi) SONS, RAILWAY PAI:113 PAID TO CUSTOMERS.

qOLIDSTON AN)) 44; ONS. ALL GOOps Lu:AVNItED FRBh.

qn-LDSTONE AND SONS, CALL EARL ND INSPECT.

°L,rI)STONE AND SONS. -UR IMAIRNSII STOCK FORSYOURSELVES

Ci• es —STONE .AND SoNS, CARPETS AND LiNomiumVPITTBD-FRBI

===== 0002601_18960718_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

MT DEAREST NELLIE,

One very pretty hat I have seen this week WU made entirely of pink carnations, and this was trimmed with a bow of black velvet and a high brush osprey. These brush ospreys are a great comfort, for I never could bring myself to wear a real osprey after I learnt of the horribly cruel manner in which they are procured. It is perfectly simple to tell the difference between the real osprey and the brush osprey; the former are quite soft and very fine, the latter are stiff and have a thick centre stem.

Another hat most becoming is named the "Parisienne," with its blue straw brim, edged narrowly with the white straw which composes the high sugar-loaf crown, round which go three rou/e Tux of blue velvet; while at the side, a black and white osprey and two white wings uprise from a diminutive velvet bow.

Hairdressing of the simple, ordinary type has an immense influence on the appearance, and although variations in the prevailing styles are necessary to suit different features, yet unless these fashions are studied, the effect is not pleasing, and a fashionable hat somehow never sets properly with last season's style of hairdressing. Exaggerated fashions rarely obtain favour with us, and the plainly parted hair, waved, and brought over the ears, added 10 or 15 years to a woman's age, and was only copied by the few.

One of the most becoming hair arrangements that obtain now is the hand coil at the back of the head, with a curl fringe in front. A very simple but effective style for long, heavy hair, where a fringe has not been cut, and one or two small locks are cut short, curled, and allowed to fall over the foAhead. For the back, the Hovendon clip is admirable, and that with three top points prefer- able. The two centre puffs are arranged from the ends, and two fair-sized coils are required for this arrangement, and, if necessary, one could be added as previously explained. If you want a new gown to wear at garden parties, or at the seaside, or, in fact, to wear on almost any occasion until chill autumn comes, and warm clothing is a necessity? If so purchase im- mediately many yards of navy blue white pat- terned foulard. It is quite strange how the craze for foulards, crepe de chine, very high folded cors- let belts and jam-pot crowned hats has suddenly overtaken us almost at the end of the season.

A really beautiful gown is of blue shot brocade, with designs in pale maize-colour. This is made over a white satin vest and underskirt, which are s.ied with maize coloured chiffon, and the parasol is also of white satin, covered with frills of maize chiffon. The hat is of Straw the same colour, and it is trimmed with ("innings of chiffon and corn- flowers.

-- - Perhaps, however, a black- alpaca, canvas, or mohair gown may be already possessed in fair con-, dition, the bodice alone requiring brightening in honour of the forthcoming trip. If the bodice has been made with a vest of chiffon, soft silk or lace and revers of the material, it will be a pleasant change to entirely remove both vest and revers, and to substitute, a, yoke of pale pink silk figured with tiny black rings or dots, this yoke being carried right down to the waist as a pointed vest in front, but ant scriar, at the back. • Outline it all round with narrow black lace insertion thickly studded with sequins, finish the neck with a frill of pale pink chiffon turned out over a black satin band, and you will have a very .pretty although simple bodice. I Jatel saw a bodice which had undergone:a most succes,.!ful transformation carried out in this way. Originally it had had a short full basque, wide • revers of dark blue satin—the dress was of navy-blue canvas—and a full vest of 4cru lace, but the basque had been removed and the bodice cut short, blunt point back and front, carefully fitted, and finished with a nearly invisible piping of navy in ;in place- of the full vest the lace (carefully w i,thed and pressed) was sown over with tiny gilt bpanglp.s and laid- plain on a lining of cheap white satin; while on either side of it wide braces of blue ilnd' white striped glace ribbon were drawn up over the 'shoulder, loops of the same ribbon (tln.ce on either side) forming epaulettes, and falling over the tops of the sleeves.

Your loving JENrna

"v u

In a larqe number or pip.,rs lately, I have noticed, s;.ttemiknts to the ffeernv puces liaud'3 trousseau is almost entirely of toreigtinsatitif\ crure. This is,abso- lutely untrue. %Vim a rew tr:fling exceptions, the trousseau has been mutt" 11 Le Li:, n, and other English towns,. Scntland I,a. i,,) bued 10 illeyrineeses lovely 'outfit, rilariy art ik Irive c,,ino from lrehind,akd Wales has fonto ts ring. The Princess of WaleS and Priilet.;is have In eri particplarlyeareful ''te have only home-made goodsond there will he nothiog

, 1 ( i --, \ lif, , ----- ,--_-,,,,--.--„..,,,,-,_ t...--.-:,„ i' cs-r -v7. ,V. * ' ''';."--•,,pi' ~. 4- '1.4:'.11,:t--) .44 •

' ,*(ricaes,oli 1.,/,,,,v ' .- '" ''' :' '..'o•i-. - -,..- r - fill4i' '\\ •;,-,-----05-4-, _ wile. - •t" / kr;

Afirtiv it 1 4.0 .7, ~ • 5.5.1,,,',iA,,1,„ ', \•,......., ( p 111, \• \\ .`,,, ~c.,? . i( 1 ! ki, \ \„--,-. " 4/:%, . \\,l' iy riTI \\ -r„ , is\ 7/ • ti ti/y I .411',0N j \ //11. it, U-a/t I _.._/ , i! i 'WI/ i! 11 11 . i 'fr.?... .... ;' ,:.. i . 1./.. i ..,.z.,&.. Ad ~., 7_, ;ill! 11: -ov-1.:,,,,,,.' ii,#. , ii: / / I/ .....- 11. . ,\',.,;-',7;v_..',44* •, . - -% .... ~.., ~ ~

===== 0002601_18960718_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
ME EXAMINER. SATURDAY JULY is, 1896.

Apropos, I am reminded of an mousing story, sent me by a Scotch friend, which is an exLelseut skit upon too modern tomato's for cheap things " ina.do in Gtrinany." Au old Scutcnman went one day into a Paisley LArd- ware store, and after inspecting the stock he asked toe salesman "Do you come free Germany ? " "No," plied the man," I was born in Paisley and my foiks be- tore me." " Weel,„said the old man, "ye ought to be proud o' yersel, for, as faur as I can see ye're the only hoe-utade article i'the whole shop."

Any subject in connection with weddings seems espe- cially welcome just now, and many of my readers who are not already aware of the fact, may be interested to know that bridal wreaths, were in vogue among the Pagans, and were introduced among Christiaa bride& during the fourth century. Nowadays in Prance an the United States, as well as Great Britain,the orange flower forms the bridal wreaths, the German bride Wf.+TS the myrtie, while pinks, carnations, and red roses ar, worn by Spanish brides. [he maidens of Italy and the I.,renck provinces oi Switzerlimo ir,e rue white rose, in Ncrway, Sweuen, and Servia °now CrOWLIS are made of silver, and in Athens of coSti) filagrt-C.

The scene in Buckingham Palace Gardens on Monday last, far outshone in epienuour anci magnificence any- thing ever seen there Letore. Princess Maud looked posicively radiant but the suadow of the coming parting bete ea herself and her sister, seemed already to have settled upon Princess Victoria. The old Mulberry Gar- gene much vaunted by Evelyn as a place where an " elegant " could get ruyaily fleeced, had, before their days of degeneracy,a certain charm and ostentation, but it is since Buckingham muse blossomed into a Palace that the gardens have grown in beauty, and quite one of the chief features of the day was the discovery that euch a glorious place was hidcien away in London. By the way, it is worthy of passing note that Buckingham ' Palace has the curious claim to remembrance that it was here the first cup of tea was brewed and drunk. The house was then the residence of the Duke of Bucking- ham and it was he who brouOt the first pound of tea into England and invited a group of friends to taste the decoction he himself brewea. - -

Speaking of the sea reminds me that people retiring from their annual outing, to houses thot have been shut up, are very apt to forget that the water in the pipes has had time in their aUmeuce not only to become stale but t..) get impregnated with ths lead of the pipes. It should be turned on full, and allowed to run freely before any of the water is used. Cisterns and boilers too should be cleared nut, for at this season of the year, insect life is most numerous, and a sight, after an absence of a few weeks, of the bottom of the family cistern, whence comes the supply of water for drinking and cookery, would be an eloquent argument on the aide of care and cleanliness.

The craze for embroidery and jewelling at the present moment is positively ruinous, and the only way to gain distinction, unless one's dress allowance is decidedly ample, is to dispense with this particular form of trimming altogether, and appear in severely simple gowns. Only the other day I saw a piece of jewelled embroiderv,destined to form the panel of a skirt and a little high pointed collar to match, which came to five guineas.—Even when our gowns are of some light and inexpensive material, the trimmings and the little details mount it up to something considerable in price. Men naturally do not realize this, and while they like to see their women folk always looking nice, and it is a di- light to them to hear their friends say "How charmingly your wife, or your daughter, as the case may be,dresses, they are apt to talk anything but pleasantly about ex- travagance, when the bills come in. Therefore those of us whose allowance is small will do well to dispense with these jewelled trimmings, (which unless of the best and consequently costly, should be avoided, sicmarpeifuill; avoided) and endeavour to gain distinction by ict and neatness. Many women there are, who devote much care and study to their gowns, but rarely spend much time or thought on their boots, shoes, gloves or handerchiefs. Now these are little items of the toilette which denote the gentlewoman. Our boots and shoes must always be suitable to the occasion, the buttons carefully sewn on, the laces in good condition. As to gloves, they should fit the hands and not be worn a BiZe too small, buttons should be securely in their place. and all bright colors or I stitchings shetild be eschewed. In the matter of i hander- 5, and great care as to chiefs, they must always be dainty, SC , nts exercised. Al those which are powerful should be strictly shunned. There is nothing fresher and more , delightful than the cld fashion, d lavender-water, and the fact that the Queen and the Princess of Wales invariably use it speaks for itself. Everyone has been complaining of the extreme heat, and useless as it is for those who seldom travel out of , sight of the city churches, there is little else to be done. At a company's meeting the other day in London, the Icl:airman recommended the American custom of fanning , and sent out for a supply of the inexpensive Japanese article, which was supplied to each attending share- holder. This led the more supposedly acute to anticipate an unsatisfactory statement of affairs from the chair- man, but his suggestion was simply out of sympathy with the general groaning in the spirit at the disagree- able temperature. Happily we never have anything quite so bad as tropical heat with the thermometer 900, er something over,in the hou,e, but it is quite as trying seeing that with trifling modifications most people are expected to get through as much in the day as in the other extreme conditions in winter. According to the French astrologers tie hot weather marks the approach of a coming comet, which may collide with the world and still further interfere with the even tenour of our ways, but this has been so often speculated upon that it is best to put off such apprehensions, as not many years ago induced some Americans to dispose of all their worldly goods in charitable ohj,.cts. Such spontaneous emotions as these have before now been described in the House of Commons as a kind of " fire insurance." Though the Doceased Wife's Sister Bill is not likely to become law this Session, the House. of Lords has now, for the first time passed it in all its stages. It would seem from the substantial majority of 38, by which the Upper House has sanctioned its third reading, that this change of opinion is not a casual circumstance, and that after the most persistent opposition for over 50 years the settled judgment of the House of Lords is now in favour of legalising marriage with a deceased wife's sister. The first attempt to effect this in Parliament was made in 1842, and the House of Commons has passed such a Bill at least five or six times since then, but it so happens that this year the Bill has not been dealt with in the Representative House, and unless the Government take it up it is said to have no chance of being further con- sidered this session. This, of course, just reverses the , old order of things. Up to now it has always failed be- cause the House of Lords would not pass it, and now this is overcome the difficulty is with the other House. Still under these altered Orcumetancee there is little doubt that before long the Bill will become the law. In its present form it has been relieved of the amendments with their more objectionable features, permitting the clergy to stigmatise such marriages, and it would, if passed, be retrospective in effect. The Prince of Wales and members of the Royal Family, with seats in the House of Lords, have alieady assisted the supporters of the Bill, and there is not the least doubt that popular opinion, especially amoog the poorer classes,is in favour el this long delayed reform.

" MADGE."

ITOOD'S PILLS

Break up cold, przvent fever. Sold by chemists or sent by post as above. Is. lid. (la)

.

THIS ANNOUNCEMENT ENTITLES YOU TO A DAINTY SAMPLE TIN OF

A NOVEL DEMONSTRITION.

CYCLISTS AND THE CHESHIRE POLICE.

The recent raids by the Cheshire police on cyclists has assumed a curious phase on the road leading past tbe Altrincham Police Station, in the direction of Manches- ter. Several persons have been fined for not giving audi- ble notice of their approach to horses or those in charge of vehicles, and on Sunday evening the various cyclists sought to comply with the law in rather a facetious fashion by having old-fashioned house bells with springs attached to their machines, which kept up a continual jingle as they went along. In two instances about 100 cvcli-its came along, and what with continuous blowing of whistle-I and the bells a noise approaching pinde- ironiurn was produced. The riders appeared to highly enjoy this novel method of complying with the law.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BRIDESMAID'S PERIL.

In the village of Newhey, between Rockdale and Old- ham, there lives at 3, Travis-st., Mrs. Maria Crossley. Having resided there ten years,che is known and highly respected by the inhabitants.

Twelve months ago her daughter was taken ii!, and despite the care bestowed upon her by her mother and sister, became worse, until a physician in consultation with the family doctor declared that there was no hope of her recovery. In this extremity the anxious parent, having witnessed the beneficial effects of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, put them to the test, with the result that her daughter has now recovered,whilst at one time she had to be wheeled about like a child. To a " Rochdale Times " reporter Mrs. Crossley said :

"About twelve months ago my daughter Polly was I taken ill, and was obliged to come home. I sent for a I doctor, who said she had erysipelas in her body. He continued to attend her,but she did not seem to improve, and in October last year he said it was no use his calling any more. She had five abscesses on one leg and many on her face, and for months was unable to walk or raise harself. She lest her appetite and could not sleep for pain. Her sister slept near her for five months. About Christmas I got some of Dr. Williams' ?ink Pills. When she had taken two or three bores she began to feel the benefit, and with a little help could walk across the floor atter being unable to walk for nine months. She con- tinued to take the Pills, and gradually gained strength. Her leg has healed up beautifully. A few weeks ago she was bridesmaid for the sister who nursed her." " Her recovery is due solely to the Pills ?" " Cer`ainly ! She has had no other medicine. I re- commended a woman whom I saw to get some for her daughter, who had been ill for years. She followed my advice, and says they have done her daughter a lot of good. I told the doctor so,and he said he was not going to run them down, as there was a great deal of strength in them.

The reporter spoke to several people, who confirmed in every particular the story told him by Mrs. Crossley, and he found Dr. Williams' Pink Pills praised amongst all classes, as a strengthening and tonic medicine, for men, women or children. They are not like other medi- cine, nor can they be imitated, as i sometimes dishon- estly pretended ; take care that the pickage bears the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People,aed in case of doubt send direct to Dr. Williams' Mc, l'icine Company, 46, Holborn-viaduct, London, E.C., as the Pills can be had post-free at 2s. 9d., or six box :s for 13a. 91. They have cured numerous cases of erysife,las, influenza, uremia, palpitations, and the disorders which arise from impoverished blood, such as muscular weak- ness, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pain in the back, nervous headache, early decay, all forma of female weakness, hysteria, paralysis, locomotor ataxy, rheu- matism, and sciatica.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
CHESHIRE LINES ATHLETIC FESTIVAL.

On Saturday the Cheshire Lines annual athletic festi- val was held at Southport, and the occasion provided enjoyment for fully 5,000 representatives of all branches of the Cheshire Lines service,accompanied by their rela- tives and friends. The afternoon was gloriously finNand the sports,held in the Southport Athletic Society's splen- did new grounds, proved and unualified success. The prizes, which formed an elegant and costly display as they stood grouped together in readiness for presenta- tion, were handed to the successful competitors by Mr. David Meldrum, manager to the Che- shire Lines Committee. Accompanying Mr. Meldrum were a number of invited guests, including— Mr. T. J. Hulse of Warrington. Afterwards tea was provided in a spacious marquee, and the return trains departed sufficiently late to permit of enjoyable rambles through the Kew Gardens, and a brief but pleasant visit to Southport. Praise is due, for their admirable arrangements, to the committee, of which body Mr. William Beaver was chairman; Mr. E. P. Connolly, honorary secretary; Jr. S. Abrams, honor- ary treasurer. Efficient services were rendered as judge by Mr. J. G. Jones, and as starter by Mr. J. Sharp. The Cheshire Lines Band, directed by Bandmaster Thomas Meridith, rendered most eajoyable sel,ctions while the sports were in progress. The followiag is a complete list of the rosults :- 200 Yards Handicap FM Race (for youths under 17 )-1, T Webster (Warrington) t 2, Wm Perry (Huskisson) ; 3, W B. Morris(Tbornpson, NVKay and Co.) 603 Yards Fiat ace (open to Cheshire Lines servants and ,gents a id Liverpool servants of other railway companieA) l, William Price (C.L C., Warrington) ; 2, J H Fair (U.L.C.. Warrington) ; 3, J Cahill (L.N.W.) 80 Yards Handicap Flat Race (for employes over 40 veers of age) • B Barns (Alexandra Dock) ;2, J Shaw (Warring- ton) ; 3, 3.1 Burrows (Warrington). 120 Yards Hamilcap Flat Race.-1, W Perry (Huskisson), 7 YEl'As ;2 -4 J A.shbridge (Brunswick), 5 yards; 3, 12 Mea- dows (Huskisson), 13 yarils. One Mile Handica. ) Bicycle Race.--1. J Wilson (Bruns- wick), 80 yards ; 2, W Kendrick (Liverpool Central), 70 y rds ;3. J I Davie % (Brunwick). 70 yards. Had Mile Handicap Flat Race.-1, F Woods (Warrington). 25 yards; 2, W G Martin (Iluskissin), 60 yards; 3, A. Bift- whale (Northwich). 50 yards. 160 Yards Handicap Fiat Race (for yonths under 153.-1. L Halton (Manchester); 2. R W Warren (Warrington); 3, w N Boardman (Warrington). Half Mile ,/bstacle Race (time Handicap).-1, W W Kirk- man (Huskisson) ; 2. J. yroy (Huskisson) ; 3, J Farrell ( t lexandra). Qia ter Mile Handicap Flat Race.-1. T Kinvinz (ri usltis- son). 40 yards ; 2, J IC,rweles (accountant's offic ). 2) yards ; 3. W H Worth (Northwich), 15 yards. Two rifles Handing) Biey ale Race (Open to Cheshire Lines Servants and Agents and to Liverpool Ser rants of othint it dos, y Compani J Wilson (Brunswick), 15-.) yards ; z,U hrown (Lancashire and Yorkshire), scratch 3, J. ill ind (Ch,shire Lanes, Northwich). 143 yar is. one 10 ile Handicap Flat Race.-1, William Price ( too), scratch ;2. F Woods (Warrington), 30 yards; 3, H Sin th (B rkenbead) 10 yards. Com olation Flat Race (Quarter Mile). —l, Carpeiiter 2, Msecer;3. Ifob rts. consolation Bicycle Race (One Mile).-1, J II Wlt them (W riirif.ton); 2, W Skiilicorn (Iluskis,on) ; 3, F J • orster (linutsford).

EPPS' COCOA.—GRA.TEFUL AND COMFORTING —" By a thorin“h knowledge of the natural laws wh'ch govern the oiier tions of digestion an I nutrition, anct by a enre•ul app i- Cation ot the fine pro erties of well selected (loCo i, Air. Hops his I,rovidel for our breakfast and supw.,r It fl voure : beve:roe which may save us many heavy doctor,' ' bits It is by the indict ins us) of such a^ti Des of di-t t hat a HO ALA N D'S KALYDOIL i.iyaluable for GI, skin 7ri ho constitution mar be gradually built up trail strong eaotizh to we ither ; cools and refreshes it; .removes Freckles, Pant resist every tendency to disease. We may eslt, e ni.tny a, ,f• unburn. Reitness, Roughness • cureand soothes Irritation,. fa'al shaft by keeptng ourelves well fortlfl ,(11 Mr nu e Insect 't•ng., Cutaneous Ernaious ; produces soft,deli ate blood and a -properly nreirished frame.' C vii ,Service f=kri .nd a beautifully fair complexion. &Bottles, 2s. 3d. G,zette. —Made simply with boiling water r,r milk ~,,id slid. 4s td. ' lv in packets ancl pound tins, oy Grocers. bibriied___. 40 .1' L INDS' MACASSAR OIL prevents hair fallinz, off or i on !V ithic Chernis , • on ion " i becoming dry in summer time ; eradicates scurf ; also irt J•111g4 licce & Co. Ltd.. ' Also makers of •ipps' Coenaine 0 • Cocoa.ctib torte 'et. : T.-a- Got ,en i:olottr, bottles 3s, fi 1., 75., 10s. 6il. Amur, now with inasty be 1..;.. t '.() ALA .4 OS' ODONTO ...Jaen& the 'teeth, prevents decay, like ; A thin bev.raze of full fi 1 flcially takinz the place of tea. Its active prinei, im boitig a sweetens the brea h. 2s 9t. Ask Chemists, Druggi,L, or gentle nerve stimulant, soPitlies the needed energy without to es io.. KowLartos' articles, sent post free hy A. POVI LAND unduly exciting the syst_m.--i.ot. . i & ,40tis, 20, Hatton Garden, London, on receip of advertised . priee inpostal order.ti

===== 0002601_18960718_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW BTJOKS, MA.GAIINES, ETC.

CASSELL AND CO.—" Cassell's Family Magazine" should this mouth secure a fresh circle of readers for the current number is a more than usually excellent one. The first nine pages are occupied by an article from the pen of D. 11. Parry on" Our Army; Past and Present," which makes very inter- esting reading. Mr. Parry deals with the changes of equipment in the British soldier, from his crea- tion, little more than 200 years ago, to the present day ; but this is not all. Numerous anecdotes are interwoven with the descriptive portions and facts generally unknown are related. A num- ber of illustrations add to the attraction of the article.—The additional chapters of Max Pember- ton's story," A Puritan's Wife" which commenced in the previous number, serve to prove that the writer's fame as a producer of romantic and excit- ing narrative, is likely to be streng.thened by this last venture. There is also in this number of the magazine a capable descriptive article on " Lord George Sanger's Circus " by "one who has travelled with it," and the other items are of the usual char- acter.— X sixpenny guide to London has emerged from the publishing-house in Ludgate Hill, this month. It contains 10 plans,numerous illustrations, and more particulars than a visitor to the metro- , poles would ever master. This is not a draw-back I however, as the more one knows and the easier it becomes to surmount obstacles which are not slow at presenting themselvee to the" country cousin " gone up to town. The Guide should be a useful ad- junct to the sight-seer's paraphernalia.—The July number of "Little Folks" commences a new volume of this popular children's paper. It con- tains the opening chapters of two new serials "The Tale of a Tambour" by D. H. Parry, and "The Surprising Adventures of 'Tunny and Tue." by Maggie Browne. The stories are of widely different character and should meet the desires of all classes of readers. Sixteen of the pages of thid number are printed in colours and lend additional brightness to the contents.—In this month's " Magazine of Art " is given a supplement contain- ing taste lul reproductions of notable pictures hibited at the Paris salons. MACMILLAN AND Co,—" Melincourt, or Sir Oran Haut-Ton," by Thomas Love Peacock, is the latest of the Illustrated Standard Novels. Mr. G. Saints- bury writes the introduction, in which he explains why in the strictly comparative sense" Melincourt" is considered the least interesting of Peacock's novels. Illustrations to the work are from the pen of Mr. F. H. Townsend, and with them no fault csn be found.—" The Lover's Tale," "To Alfred Tenny- son," and " The First Quarrel," together form an- other part of the Tennyson People's Edition," which has now reached almost a score of pretty little volumes.—A most complete and learned book on "The Scenery of Switzerland, and the causes to which it is due," has its author in Sir John Lub- bock, Bars., M.P. In his preface the author says "In the summer of 1861 I had the pleasure of spending a short holiday with Huxley and Tyndall. . . . From that day to this many of my holidays have been spent in the Alps. . . . My attention was from the first directed to the interesting prob- blems presented by the physical geography of the country. I longed to know what forces had raised the mountains, had hollowed out the lakes, and directed the rivers. Our know- ledge is very incomplete. Nevertheless an immense kind of information has been gathered to- gether and even where authorities differ a short statement of their views could hardly fail to be in- teresting and instructive." After failing to per- suade others to write such a volume,Sir John says ho undertook the task under their encouragement and assistance. Professor Heim and Sir John Evans have both looked _through the proofs and made valuable suggestions. The work deals sp ci- ally with the valleys of tee Arye, Rhone awl Rhine, the Reuss, Aar, Limmat and Ticino as typed of longitudinal and cross valleys; and because they are the districts most frequently visited. Sir John apologises for the imperfections of the book, which is nevertheless a most valuable contribution to the general knowledge on the subject, and one especi- ally welcome as there is no other in existence de- voted to the explanations of the physical geo- graphy of Switz Aand. The publishers have issued the book in a serviceable and neat cloth cover while the text is printed in large cfpar type. At the end is a splendid map of the Republic. SMITH, ELDER AND Co —With the current num- ber of the " Cornhill Magazine " anew series be- gins under new editorship. The magazine is in- creased in size to 144 pages. and reverts to its old price of Is. After the 'Conclusion of Mr. W. E. Norris' serial story, "Clarissa Furiosa," the mega- sine will contain a new serial by Mr. Henry Beton Merriman, the author of "The Sowers," "With Edged Tools," &c. to be succeeded in turn by novels from Mr. Stanley Weyman,the author of "A Gentle- man of France," and Mr. S. R Crockett, the author of " Cleg Kelly " and "The Raiders." The new ven- ture is commenced by an article on "The first Number of 'The Cornhill,'" by Mrs. Richmond Pitchie, who relates many interesting particulars in connection with the " launch " of the good ship "Cornhill." Some interesting correspondence be- tween Thackeray and other writers of eminence is published in the article, which also in a measure, follows the course of the " Cornbill" up to the time of Mrs. Ritchie's father ceasing to be its editor. The familiar cover of the journal is adhered to,and may for many more years enclose reading matter famous for its literary excellence. GEORGE NEWNES AND Co.—The most notable item in the contents of the" Strand Magazine " for July, is an illustrated article by Alfred T. Story on "Mr. Andres's Balloon Voyage to the North Pole." The origin of Mr. Andres's idea is told, and he balloon fully described. A description is given of the balloon observatory and in fact of everything taken by the adventurous aeronaut on his voyage. Portraits are re-produced of Mr. Andros himself and his co-voyageurs, Dr. Nils Ekholm and Mr. Nils Strindberg, and also of Captain H. Q. Zschau, com- mander of the " Virgo" which took the balloon to Spitzbergen. There is also a map given showing the starting point in Spit zbergen and the various courses possible, and a copy of the circular distri- buted over Si beria,giving the inhabitants directions how to assist the voyagers in their descent. Altogether the article will be found to be one of the most interesting of the many published in "The Strand."—ln "The Strand Musical Magazine 'is published the result of the May prize competition and particulars are also given of another three guinea competition which should prove an attrac- tion.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
A BIG HOTEL SCHEME FOR

11 ANCHESTER.

--- It is announced that the Midland Railway Company contemplate establishing in Manchester one of the finest hotels in the kingdom. The company have within the last few days secured the Gentlemen's Concert Hall, the Dile of warehouses between the hall and Mount-street, ind the buildings on the lefthand side of the Mlunt- street approach to the Central Railway Station. In fact, the cmloany will shortly come into possession of the whole blnck which has for its bounds reter-itreet, Lower Mosley-street, Windmill-street, and Mount-street. The scheme of the new hotel will include several features of great, if not unique, interest, among them being the construction ot o, hall suitable for concerts, entertain- ments. and banquets.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLE-CHA.

IThe fines embrocation in the world. Promptly restores tone to the ti r-,- . or strain,d muscles. Made by the II omoeea I Com) any, Limli ed, told put up in colapsibte tubes. price 6.1. and 15.6 d. e,:eb ;old by : kir. J. R. YOUNG. Pharmaceutical I chemist, Sankey-street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TRLINING

COLLEGE.

ANNUAL PRIZE DISTRIBUTION.

THE DEAN OF MANCHESTER ON THE EDUCATION

QUESTION. On Saturday the prizes won by students at the War- rington Training College were distributed by the Dears of Manchester. There was a very large attendance. All tbe scholars were present, being accommodated on a spacious platform at one end of the room. Here the chair was taken by the Dean of Manchester, who was supported on the platform by the Revs. Morley Steven- son (principal of the Training College), Canon Penrhyn, Canon Willis, Canon Rowntree. Mr. S. G. Haworth, and Mr. J. It. Buckton. The PRINCIPAL said there were all kinds of curious notions amongst people as to the objects of training col- leges. He read not long ago, with regard to education, a speech made by a Liverpool Nonconformist minister, he thought of the name of Aked ; and he said that he thought all the training colleges, and more especially the Church of England training colleges, were a sort of con- ventual institution, where they had no amusernents,and in which they were tyrannized and dominated over by priestly intolerance. (Laughter.) He (the Principal) thought they had the answer to those remarks ie what he saw in front and behind him. (Laughter.) It alight appear well to ask themselves what was their obj3ct in such places as these, and how they were training the students. He wanted to say a word about what they did physically. He thought they were very much inclined to believe that in training teachers they neglected the physical state of their educational training T, la year:theelhad been trying toremedy this rather m 7.. than they had done before. They bad started a tennis club, and, they were rather vigorous about tennis. (Hear, hear.) They had started a bicycle club, and one of them had had an accident that rather marred her beauty. (Hear, hear.) It was a startling innovation upon their conservative notions. He believed it was a most healthy and most invigorating exercise, and he hoped that a girl who learned to cycle there well would after a hot day in school get on her bicycle and go for a twenty mile run and come back all the better for it. With regard to the training of teachers,they would have seen within the last few years there had been a decided I change upon the theory of training. When first he be- , came the Principal of that College they were contented with a different kind of education than they were hay- ing at the present moment. The whole tendency had I been upward. The whole tendency had been to uplift the studies of the teacher into a higher region than they had been heretofote. They saw it in the syllabus. They saw it in the encouragement that was given and the attention of the teacher for the students to pass the examinations. This he knew was what was determined upon by the wise people and by the people who insisted upon these things being done thoroughly. They of course must follow in the steps whieh they had marked out for them, and the whole of 'their education there was receiving an impetus to take higher and deeper views of study than they had done hitherto. The change was most weleeme. They were going to see before two years were over thet the education of their pupil teachers would be very different than it was at the present moment. They were going to enter the best of their students for Uni- versity examination. The nine best girls who would enter the College next Septemaer would begin to do university work. They were mindful of the best, and they were not unmindful of the others. They had been brought into touch with the Victoria University, and they had made arrangements by which they would have all the four courses of lectures from professors in that university. Those lectures they had very much en- joyed, and they had been productive of the very best possible results to their students. Physical culture and intellectual culture could in their way make a perfect teacher, still they wanted something higher and bet'er than those. They must have the spiritual side as well. (Hear,hear.) This was a more difficult thing te speak of, and he was about to say that it was recognised by those who were able to judge that the tone of • that College was high. (Hear, near.) It had been witnessed to, not only by the inspectors, whose judgment probably might be more in leaning in that direction than those of other people ; but it hid been witnessed by the Government Inspector, Mr. Gar- nett-,and they were satisfied as to the high spiritual tone which had characterised the College. He could not tell them what the College would be without the chapel. He could only tell them thie,that from the simple but digni- fied and very reverent services in their chapel flowed a stream of influence that brightened itself throughout the life of all of them there. Almost every stusent living within that College in a few de ys had obtained a post, and the two or three who had not were waiting for posts in particular localities. (Applause.) He was very sure of :this, that within the nf xt few weeks, if he had an- other batch of students as nice and good—(laughter)— he could place then; all,and he only wished he could un- der these:circumstances take as many more and supply the demand which existed.He thought he had stood long enough between them and the Dean of Manchester,who, as they all knew, took a great interest in educational matters. More than all, they must know what a friend he had been and was to the College. He was the secretary of their committee, but he was not the secre- 'arc- in name only—he took a deep interest in their work and was alwaysreadY to help them with his counsel and in every possible way. (Applause.) The DEAN of MANCHESTER said that the previous speaker ea i truly said that no one could take a deeper ietere,t in that College than he did himself. Among the charees and business laid upon his time and attention he candidly owned that there was none he preferred to the interests of the Training College at Warrington. He had very good reason for making that assertion and he slieuld tie un worthy of the post of their hon. sec. if he did not recognise and state there his high appreciation of the constant services during the oast—now about 13 years—ot the Principal. (Hear, hear and applause.) It was an old saying that "As lithe master so is the school As is the principal so is the college." Owing to the great improvements in everything that ceplipped the college in its various appointments, eithr as regarded buildings ur other necessaries, they were in debt to the sum of £1,300 to someone or other—either the hanker or the tintiespeople. He asked the repor- ters to teke a note of that and allow the good people in the clieepee to be fully alive to the fact that they wanted £l3OO at least to rid themselves of their pecuni- ary diaadvantages. He rejoiced to be able to confirm what the Principal had stated. He would also add that Mr. Scott Coward, on his last inspection, had informed the meinbers of the committee that they were dependent upen the Principal himself for the tone which character- ised this college as a whole. For that they could not be too thanl:ful or too cordially express their obligations to the :trincipal,—(Applause )—who was fully aware of what devolved upon him as the head of that great insti- tution. He (the Dean) would himself never rest until he saw the whele of those buildings devoted to the work of a Church Training college. He trusted that time would surely come. ,ar, hear.) He added that he wanted to speak to them upon that very critical position of elementary education. He was glad himself—though he was at one time disposed to be sorry—that the Bill of the Government had been withdrawn. (Bear, hear and applause.) He thought it was toe heroic by three-fourths. (Flear, hear and laughter.) It compassed too much. (Applause.) It was very difficult to comprehend, and he had lately the duty devolved upon him in convocation to attempt something like an anslesia ef it •, and it was a very drastic jet). The Bill was so badly drafted and was somewhat clumsily contrived, that it was difficult to see one's way through it. (Hear. hear.) It was an entirely new departure and it progoosticeted what Mr. Gla:isroee considered to be a revolution of the element- ary edurational system. He (the Dean) would not have cared much about that provided there was a proper autlaority in different localities, but it got into such very narrow dimensions that at last one fine night—he sup- posed it was from the heat—Mr. Balfour gave away the Government all in a hurry to a constitution of some 290,000 people Then he thought it was all up with the Gevernment Bill. What he had always felt about the gtiesfien of elementary education was that inasmuch as in 1870, which was called the year of compromises, he could never understand what the meaning of this coin- prewse should be. He knew somethirg of the history of that compromise and it was a compromise on such limes that there were to be two systems side by side, deacribed generally as the Voluntary—he preferred to call it the Denom,itational sestem—and the Shoal Board system, anti those two systems were then aid there crystallised and had existed during 25 years. Those two systems existed at the present mement ; they had not grown one upon the other so much except in certain districts. This showed that the denominational sestem had held its owe speak- ing for the country generally. Tnere we re ceetain por- tions of the country where the denominational system lied hid to take a back seat-. notacly, he was sorry to say, in London i'self.where the proportion of voluntary scholars to those of the schaels of the School Board was very sadly different from what they could wish. It was net so in Lancashire and in the great towns of Lanca- shire. In the great cant'' it populationin Lencaehire, th mela there had been et shrinkage,yet en the whole tbe dennininationel sysa sill held the field to a large xtent, and lt said that o' the nation had endorsed the princiole cf a dual systee ie education, each part of the system ought to have fen. play. (Hear, hear.) Fair play all ronnd, fair play ie every resource, and it was net for him to try what a many &ever people tried—to

===== 0002601_18960718_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
formulate that afternoon how that should happen, but he would maietain that it shntei be under some f system which it was for the wisdom af Parliament to devise. (Hear, hear. He !Moped the time would cerne—aed he !believed it would come. this eutumn—that there should be through the clerical and lay heads of the church coming:to agreement, when the Elementai-y system connected with the Deno- mination should continue to have 'ts place arnongt them, and by which, as he theught, a true religious liberty of the people should be ensured all round. He had no ob- j ection to undenominatienalism for undenorninationalists as he never was one and never should be. He would give the School Board to undeneminatienalists and allow it full play. He was not one of those who would allow stones to be thrown at the School Board system of which as a citizen, ha was duly proud ; but he said that if the School Board system was to have its rights they ware not to have infli.:red upon them wrongs, but that their rights were to be maintained in equal fashion. pnid seplause.) The Dean then distributed the prizes to their winners, as follows : SIMOND Yeast STUDENTS--Mary Parker, highest marks in all PlltleCtel, first priv (donor, ltev. W. H. BillneY), stationery cabinet, value £5 ; Christian Stewart, highest msrke in all subjects, second prize (Rev. W. It Blaney), work box; Martha Broadbent and Christian Stewart, Holy Scripture (The Principal and the Rev. Canon Willis) Hunt's Annotated Bible and Holy Bible respectivelV ; Mary Trotter, algebra (Rev. E. J. Wilicocks) M. Arnold's Poem' and Church " Anselm ;" Mice Berry, school management and teaching (the Committee), Tennyson's poems.and Raskin's " Sesame and Lilies;" Bertha Hey- wood, reading and recitation (the committee) writing cage; Martha Broadbent, English literature and cenaposi- tion (Mr. P. Pears.), Shakespeare's works • Alice Berry "The Best Letter. " (Mr. C.White),writing Areik ; Frances Jones, history (Mee. Bearnont), Ruskin's "Sesame and Lilies," "Queen of the Air," "Ethics of the Dust"; Chris- tian Stewart, geography (the Committee), M. Arnold's ,1 poems and Church's " Anselm ;" Mary Ps rker, French (the Committee),M. Arnold's poems and Ruskin's "Ethics ot the Dust "; Mary Parker, hygiene (Mr. S. G. Ha- worth), Chamber's " Cycleeselia of Liter (tura ;" Eliza- beth Creswell and Margaret Webster, needlework (Mrs. May), Young's "Night Thoughts, Long- tellow's poems;Christian Stewarteinmestic economy (the Committee), Cnambers'e " Cynlepee tia f iiiterature ;" Florence Burslem, penmanship (the Committee), writing case; Margaret Sutton, drawing in light and shade (the Committee), M. Arnold, p emie and Ruskin's "Sesame and Lilies ;" Elizabeth Creswell, merle' and blackboard drawing (the Committee), M. Arnold's poems and Ruskin's ",Ethics of the Dust." FIRST YEAR STUDENTS.—Edith Bretherton, highest marks in all subjects first prize (d mor, Rev. W. H. Blaney), work box, value £2 25.; Olive Sheasbv,bighest marks in all subjects, second prize (Rev. W. H. Blaney), Shakespeare's works; Adala Davidson and Minnie Pilling, Holy Seri tore (Mrs. Stevenson and Rev.Cenon Willis), each Biunt's Annotated Bible; Edith Bremerton, arith- metic and algebra school manaement and teaching English literature and c-irnpesitien (tile Committee), the Waverley novels; Annie Marshall.rearling and recitation (the Committee), Tennyson'e p terns ; Florence Cowgill, history (the Committee) Teneysoe's poems ; Edith Bretherton, geography (the Cornell t M. Arnold's poems and Ruskin's "Ethics of the Dist" ; Adah David- son, French (the Committee), M arnold's Poems and Ruskin's" Ethics of the Dust " ; Lucy Cowin, physio- graphy (the Committee), Shakespeare's works ; Beatrice, Balmforth, needlework (the Committee), Tennyson's wer'es ; Adah Davidson, domestic economy (the Com- mittee), Shakespeare's works; Minnie Pilling, penman- ship (the Committee),Shakespeare's Works and Ruskin's " Ethics of the Dust "; Edith Bennett,freehand drawing (the Committee), Tennyson's poems ; Minnie Pilling, model drawing (the Committee), Tennyson's and Long- fellow's poems ; Martha Higgin, descriptive geography (the Committee), Tennyson's poem 3. Canon FEHRHYN propesecl a vote of thanks to the Dean of Manchester,both for his presence and for the instruc- tive and amusing address he had given. Mr. S. G. HAWORTH seconded and it was carried un- animously.

The author of "The Heavenly Twins," (whose real name is Mrs. Haldane M'Fall) was reared, so to speak, in an artistic as well as in a good social atmosphere. She possesses a law musical voice, and a very quiet gentle 'Timmer. Madame Sarah Grand rises early in the morning and devotes from eight to three o'clock to her intellectual pursuits. She finds that playing Beethoven or Ch pin is the most fruitful stimulator of thought, but she cannot work well in town, she loves to retire Onto the country and to be noar the sea.

CYCLES for Ladies and Galatia-

men 30 per cent. saved. Easy terms, 1896 Lists of new and Second hand Cycles, post free.

TUB BUITISH CYCLE NI&NUFACTURING Co. 45, Bvertou Rod. Liverpool.

The 'Loyal Laund-esses say Critchley's GLoss Is iideg -ailed for imparting a beautttal finish to starched in -n either cold or boiling w ‘ter starch. Mr.—. Corn- wall. says :—" My wife will not fini-sh our linen without your Starch Gloss.' From Mrs.—, Bradford :—Dear sir,— lam p:eased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes .ind Polishes. but find none equal to yours." It slum dbe used in every house. Sold at Id., 3d., and 63., by most starch sellers. If not in stock wid procure it. T. UREIVSLFX, Blackburn. Proprietor.—Advt.

FITS OR EPILEPSY, GIDDINESS, SENSATIONS, FAINTS.

I will demonstrate t) the whole world how that most dreadful of all complaints, " Epilepsy," which has been hiiherto considered incurable, can be permanently cured (without the chance of failure). Write to the "SECRETARY," Burwood House. Harwood Place, Hyde Park, London. He will send you, " Gratis," full instructions for cure.

fr D ERFECTION"

SOAP

AND LIFE

:V3t, N 0 .1404r4WAP.V,SzFT . OrrAVe4

MACHI ES.SENT,. • lAGE PAID

===== 0002601_18960718_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSURANCE.

A LL users of " PERFECTION " SOAP are offered £l. a Policy of Life Assurance, with immediate benefit, for one year, in the British Workman's and General Assurance Company. Arrangements will be made to continue the Policy year by year. The Policies may be taken out for all ages to 65, awl vary from £2 29. to £ll 109., according to age. Policies will be issued as soon as 112 (outside) Wrappers are saved and sent in. Last day, June 30th next year.

For full particulars see bills. " PHRPBCTION " SOAP is manufactured

FULL POUND WEIGHT.

*****-****--* *- Rolling the leaf *...... ic follows on the withering. In China, this is Air' * tediously dorie by native palm i ind fingers, * but you may rest assured fl that aoofrEc, BOND'S TEAS are never rolled by hand. 3.E All our teas are twis,ed in the cleanest * possil)le manner by ingenious machinery *manag3d in Britisn-Indian Gardens by I* your own white and eare'ul countrymen. The still grem and wither:d leaves are .isir sir. rolled u:.der an eccentricailv revo.ving disc, with a gradually Inc easing pressure, thus soft:fling and turning oat e ichlea av,th the * ne essary twist. This process breaks tip the innisr cellular substance of the leaf, co as to *liberate its juicy sap, containing the very * essence of the corn ng t-a, r lid make it, *after' firing,' more freely solnbas in the hot * water of the tea-pot on your table. Care is * arising from the friction betwiit the twist- taken to keep down the beat naturally * big leaves aid pressing outfaces, as the organic aliels in the exuding sap now per- * *me ting the incipient Let. are un iergoing ,imelior ting changes, whi:th would go too . *fist and far if the temperature were too * high. *So you see that in theol, as in all the itl other deficits processes, the greatest care is taken to give you the very best tea that is - : : * possible at the price, wh-n you buy your * weekly packet from our Agent. .. * OUR AGENTS EVRRYWHERE sell our celebrated tea at. * * 1/-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 2/-,2/4, &2/8 .K * A LB. and so suit all purs a ,s nd all p,ople. *I

*Joic BROOKE, BOND & Co., * THIC LANCASIII CLA WARIMOILMS, 17, PiccIDILL r, A Ar 29. 51ARKET STREET I * *

===== 0002601_18960718_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt " ertlllintr " Anntg.

ritEPAID

ming under the following nes.a. -ext- inserted in ALL ta, above-mentioned Papers for WI CHARGH, as per scale given below.

One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 ... Os 9d .. is 10d .. 3s Od 36 46 ........ 64 . ....... ... oil od

The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under Es. per insertion.

Elomtait totrbanto, Brt.

IVANTBD. a young reeptctable GIRL as General, in a small private family.—Mrs. G., 2, Laburnum Terr.ne. - Garston.

WANTED. for Farm House, ago,,clUHNlilliAL SERVANT. —Apply TROVAS MOORE, Spell Moor. kadcl ffe, tu-sar Manchester.

WANTED immediately, r.liable person as General SERVANT; £lO ; references. &c.—Mrs. Spa En, Hatton. Warwick.

WANTIM, Plain Cooks, General Servants. Housemaid- Waitresses.—M re. BTOPFGRD'S REGISTRY, Oxford- road, Aftrincham.

WANTED, COOK or COOK-GENERAL ; wages £1.7 to £2) Apply aIIICENBANK, Harboro'-road, Ashton-on- Mersey, near Manchester.

SBRVANTS with good character can have good places and good wages by addressing Mrs. STANLEY, 7, St. Mary'sstreet, Hulme, Manchester.

WANTED, respectable GENERAL BBRVANT ; one who can wash; age 2-.—Address Mrs, WAINE, Yew Tree C°ttage, Moss Nook, Cheadle, Cheshire.

NIVANTBD. good GRNHAAL, able to wash, also superior GIRL as nurse for two children.—Apply Mrs. MELD. The Piro. Stepping Hill. Stockport.

WANTED. early in August. active GENERAL SERVANT. over 20,f0r family : part washing ; comfortable borne; £l4.—Apply by letter 38. WELLINGTON-ROAD, Eccles.

QNER&LS, Kitebenniaids, Seullerymalds all classes of Servants WANTHD ; good wagel.—GEonGE MACPHER- SON, 27, Albany-road, Chorlton-cum-Hardy, bianebeeter.

MALE ad FEMALE NURSES INt,TITUTION, 70, Hope- street. Liverpool.—Establ.shed 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage. apply or telegr ph.—•• ri urbes," Liverpool. Telephone, 570

===== 0002601_18960718_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
Ufflanteb.

AGIINTS Wanted to push firft-c'ass Machinery Oils; liberal commission.-- ox 31,Post Office, Liverpool. x

NITAR id3DALS Wanted, dated 1848 or eirlier. Sovereign each given, more for rarer varietiec—MAJOß lomos, Droitwish. I

WANTED, Sufferers from Lumbago or Dropsy send 14 stamps for certsin cure. J. ASW.Volatt, ixtol

• Chorlej.

CIANVASSER4 WANT RD. new eyetem co-oper4tion XJ monthly profits. life mt,mberehip Is. `• It Rose " Ltd., Wine-mat/an.

A.L.SNTS for Rubber 4,tamps.—Send to HUNT. 53 liatherley-road, Waltharnstow ; cheapest and best maker in the world.

WANTED. care o'lntant. only one taken, no other nurse cbildren, highest referenee.-31 A , care of 16, ELM- Roan, Walton, Liverpool.

CIitNADIAN FARVllL.r.—Operthaits for 10 popi ; hoard, Lodging. pay. pamphlet 6d.-lizx HOW1)?7, 14, St. Jamee-street, ShelE..ld.

YOUNG MAN WANTED, 35s per week ami commission ; regular work; pIF n, lid ope,ning —Addrtss CONN) Woms. Farnworth, Bo'ton.l.et cs.

OLOGGERS.—WANIhD six Brealo-rs-:p:coo.tant work to steady men. Address J. H. WILLIAms elogger, Ammanford Carmartbenshire. S.W.

WANTED, BABY to nurse, good, c-mfortAbb-, healthy home ; excellent references.—Address URTON, 324, Nottingham-road, Ilkeston, Derbyslahe.

- ALL PHESONS, aced 14-25, well cdneat.A. cAn obtain excellent Situitions under Government ; fail var- ticolars gratic—Mr. TILDESLEY. Lavender Hill, London, S.W. x

riposAccoNtsrs commencing ; See Illustrate I Guide L and Catalozua (259 pages) 3d.—Tons.ccoslals' niTF ITT- Pia Co.. 186 Euston-road. London. (50 years' reputation' Manaqer. HENRY NITERS.

SALARY AND COMMISSION OFFERED toth sexes, whole or .pare time : can be done at home; proof, pgrticulars, fie., 'I stamps (returnable).— WILKIE, 35, Richmond-road, Dalston. London.

WAR MBDALS.—OId Badges, Military Relics, an 4 Prints e ev,ry d•scription. wanted; £lO and upwaids given for fine specimens. Before parting with any of these obtain an offer frock, B. NixxEs, Hythe, Kent.

NVANTSD.—Rvery Lady to write to BRADFORD and MANCHESTER WAREHOUSE CO., Halifax. for patterns of NEW DILISS MATSKIALS ; six yards double width, 3s. lid. Ladies' Tailor-made Costurnea.los. 6d.

RITISH HOMES INVHSTMENT CORP()RATION LIMITHD.—The phenomenal success of this genuine and progressive Institution still continues. Good agents WAllaiKi.—A.pply JOHN PODMORE, Bewsey Chambers, War- rington.

910 POSTMASTERS —Re-engagement WANTED by young iL lady 19; competent all outlets. b.N. A B C and accounts. 3 years' experience. Live in. At liberty now. Good references.—C. TAYLOR, 68, Iligh-st, Whitchurch, Salop,

ALL PBRSONS possessed r,f good education, from Office Boy, Junior lingo. Clerks, to that of Secretary. Manager, ac.. age 14-?.5, are guaranteed excel eat Situations : salaries from I4s to £5 weekly.—All particulars Mr. T:LDES- LET. Lavender Hill. London, B.W.

gents V; ANTRD to hold clubs for watches. 50,000 Ajewellery, and all kinds of household goods for the London and Birmiugham Wadi Company; extraor- dinary commission ; everybody eh mid write to us wh ) desirious of inereising their income. —Cztrrnsi. OFFicxs, Corporation-street, Birmingham.

GlittMANY.—Vaeation Army Tuition. Mr. PIERCY Ramp. ILA.. Barrister at Law. Thierfortenstrassa, Hanover. offers really genuine facilities for colioquial practi,ethictted French and German ladies and gentlemen being specially engaged for the purpose. Coisching by First Classi r tng- ler, Bs. L.. Pb. D.. etc. Buglish good. sepe-Ate rooin. supervision, unquestionable reterences.house out of town. a

ELI he Let.

IIERCY-STRIEBT: off Lovely-11%4)9, 6 Roomed houses, re decorated 56. OYLE-ST.. re-decorated H0u8e8,36.9d. BANK - STREET, Warrington OFFICES, from £5, Komi. PRNICHTIT —Serni-detached lIOUSFS with gardens, £l5 and £l3 per veer. Catages 31.6c1. and 28. 841. per week

Apply. ROBERT LOWE. wbfie Agent Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No 65.

PRKMISHB qitb for WORK-3 HO,PS. Orford-strret.— Apply Asurox AND WOODS. Solicitors, Horsemarket-et., Warrtnetoii.

rro L.N.T.—Good COTTAGES off Lovely Lane. rent 48. Apply &SEITON and WOOD, Solicitors, Horaemarket-et., Warrington. - fro LET.—Good HOUSR. 38. Ple,roint-street, rent 48.- 1 Appiy Aolurerti and WOODS, sollC.itOre, Horsernarke, *treet. Wallington.

LBT.—Gool lIOURE 8, Oatheriiie-et., 3 b dronras, rent. 4,6 d - Apoty MIITON, and Woons. solicitors, Iforsemarket-street, Warrington.

FaoDBHAM..—Oientleman's resid s,enc ; two ntert3inlng and Ave bedrooms. hot and cold w der, etc. ; stabling. LE‘t garden ; open and extensw, prospect; near Overton c.hurtb end golf links.—Apply to H. LINARKR & SoN. Prrdshain

OASIUEL GEORGE DAVEY, LATE DIRBCTOR AND SECRETARY oF HENRY MILLING AND CO., LIMITED, HAS PURCHASED TuE BUSINESS POUNDED in'

MN. A. B. A. SMITH at

2 AND 45 ACADEMY-ST., AND

BUTTERMARKET - ST.,

W ARRINGTON. 011ENED TTI E PREM IS ES 1%11'4 A OIiOICE SELECTION OF THE YI:L 'HEST and FINEST QUALITY GOI)D3. "WEItAi ARE OFFERED AT TEE LOWlida REMUNERATIVE PROFIT.

AND HAS

===== 0002601_18960718_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

1100I80N FOR KILLING RAIS. Thlu,auda hay I been killed by using SANFORD'S POISON Hundreds of farmers that have used it say it is the beet Poison known, as they find a lit of rats dead by using it. Post Free. is. 2d., 2s. 3d. box o SANFORD & SONS', Sandy Beds. Send stamps and try it Soldby Chemists. Also, MICE POISON for dressing corn stacks, sad poison for kiln Koko on land. 1

FOR Tender Feet, use BLINKIIORN'S FOOT POWDER, post free 14 starnps.—BLINKHORN, Chemist,Sallsbury. x

TO PICTURE-FRAMY ANIAKERS AND DECORATUIiz.i.

------------• MORBLL.I7 and 18. Great St.Andrew-st.,Bloomsbury. W'C' Cheapest House in Loudon for English) and Foreign Picture-Fratne and Room Moulding, Veneered and Fancy Wood Mouldings kn. Wholesale Carvers and Gilder and Mount Cutter. Regilding. Speci,tl attention to country orders. Full particulars In New Pattern Books jig pip.. Barked. 107 pages containiug all the newest &silos for six panny stamps. Glass Lists Free r4;10nt1llY.likletW111111 ILABarrni, 1.044:11."

===== 0002601_18960718_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. SATURDAY, JULY 18, 1896.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
Otorko, I3Usilltqsto, ttr.

etbc.gotork, &r.

DIGS.—R. D. GARRArr. Barton. Ampthill. Beds can de-- 1.. liver splendid g•owers and stores of all descriptions Llruip now.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES AND WARRINGTON.

VIIR. JOHN B. GOODWIN eontinnes to make ADVANCIie IU PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers. Working-men, and all respectable Hcuseholders, on their own eternity. aIONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Withont Bondsmen, without delay. without public enquiry, on y44,r e.inple written pmmise to pay back.—Apply et VIC- TORIA C:IAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), wiDrrEs, ari in V. ARRINGTCN at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, rtrly Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention.

MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. PIiIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at 11 his disposal is open to advance Loans daily from £2 Upwards. No fees charged. No security required. Simply oo note of hand. Distance no objeot.—Apply personally or by letter to MANAGF.II. 6, Cross Lane Earlestown (priva to house). Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guars eCd. Special tering to Farmers.

(Otitis;

13 Cr- • AND j.ERCIVAL,

PARK SIDE DAIRY, GRRENWAY-ROAD AND 7, LOWLANDS-ROAD, RUNCORN. ALL KINDS OF VEGIV/ABLE3 FRESH FROM FA ,M DAILY. NOTED FOR FINEST FRS II EGGS AND BUTTER DIdECT FRO 4 FARM. All Orders Fromptly Afton& Is.

ALL MEN ARE LIARS.

.8 ).writes a Pop,'lar Author,

Not so bad as that I hope, although I must admit some men are wicked liars ; in fact, it's only by accident they ever speak the truth. It is not a lie when Gershon, the Universal Furnisning Contractor, 44, Oldham-street ; 17, 19, and 21, Hilton-street, Manchester, states that he never attempts to put before the public common new London made rubbith, more like orange boxes, for high-class second-band; it is not a lia when Gershon states that he never attempts to trespass upon his neighbour's business. Why should he? It only causes a bad feeling. Gershon's motto is live and let live. He sticks to the one thing he understands, namely, furnishing. If you can't furnish with a man that understands his business, you cannot do so with men that don't. Gershon has for years cautioned the public against buying common new London furniture for second hand, and he still does so. However distasteful it may be to others, Gershon still takes his stand upon the rock of " Honesty and Justice," which are the guiding principles of his business, and from vihich precepts time nor tide will cause him to recede. TERMS OF BUSINESS. RAILWAY FARE PAID TO COUNTRY CUSTi GOOD& STORED KRIM TILL REQUIRED. REMEMBEU."

Any lot advertised may be had on the deferred paymen system withont any extra charge. Goods exchanged if not satisfactory. Mr. Gershon will purchase or take in exchange a single article or .:omplete houses of furniture.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPARE PRICES.

REVOLUTION IN THE FURNISHING TRADE. Mr. GERSHON is a great admirer of keen competi- tion, but be strongly objects to others copying his advertise- m Ms. Its mean; and to those that have not the brain power to write their own, Mr. Gershon will do so for them.

RE EVOLUTION IN TH FURNISHING TRADE. No extra charge 'or credit, and 5 per cent, allowed for prompt cash. Mr. Gershon is anxiously waiting to see what unscrupulous shopkeeper will copy this.

REVOLUTION IN THE FURNISHING TRADE.

MARVELLOUS BARGAINS. GERSHON'S CAUTION.

When In search of genuine second-hand goods don't be de- ceived and have new common stuff, in re like orange boxes, palmed on to I on. When I have second-hand furniture I give he names and addresses, and don't simply say I get them from this place and thrt place, You might as well look for a needle in a truss of hay as look for the lateowner. Don't forget what the popular author wrote, "All men are liars."

===== 0002601_18960718_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR CREDIT.

FIVE PER CENT. ALLOWED FOR PROUPt CASH. Out of the number of mansions, hotels, and houses I have second-hand goods from, the following may be mentioned. CALL AND INSPECT THE GOODS FROM— AYESLEIGH, OLD TRAFKORD PRINCE OF WALES HOTEL. HARROGATE. HOLLY LOWE, ALEXANDRA PARK. FULSHAW BANK, WILMSLOW. CARLTON-bTREET, MOOS ADE. MRS. GOLLOTT, WILVI LOW. MRS, THOILBURN, UPPER BROOK-STREET, AND OTHERS.

BBARGAINS GREA'r AND WONDERFUL. Smart complete House of Furniture, consisting of the whole furniture for three rooms, sitting-room, bedroom, full size bedstead mattress bed.bAster, pillows, sheets, blankets, bolster case, pillow slips, and kitchen complete, all like w; price 14 guineas. No extra charge on the deferred payment system. lois, per cent. for prompt cash. Call and inspect them. he harm doze if you don't buy.

ATARVELLOUS VALUE. LIJL A Charming House of Furniture, really like new. It consists of dining-room suit-. in leather, extending dining- table, carpet, rug, fender, fire brasses, lace curtains, window pole complete, magnificent bedroom suite (not painted, solid wood), enclosed dressing-table, large bevelled glass attached; enclosed v.ashstai.d, marble slab tile back, and bevelled shaving mirror, they form two complete chest of drawers ; handsome black and brass bedstead, wire spring mattress, bed. bolster. pillows, sheets, blankets, pillow slips, holster cases, toilet set, carpet, complete f urniture for kitchen, floorcloth for same. ditoci for lobby and stairs. Call and inspect the lot. Get a complete list. and you will say they are a marvel of elle tpness for 24 guineas. No extra charge on the deferred ayment system. Five per cent allowed for prompt cash.

GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, Oldham-street (next to the Adelphi Bank), Manchester. Charming Drawing-room lot, in perfect condition, con- sisting of hands me ite, just been re-covered in one of the most fa,hion4ble coverings; the charming Cabinet to match, lovely Overwantel, two Tables, Carpets and Rug, Fender and Fire Brass. s. all complete and ready for fit- ting up. A superior drawing-room well worth £s2,delivered for 24 guitn as. NO hXTR4. CHARGE FOR CREDIT. FIVE PER CENT ALLOWED FOR PROMPT CASH.

tiERSIION, TOE UNIVERSAL FURNISH- ING CONTRACTOR, 44, Oldham•et., next to the A.delpht Bank, Manchester.

-pRONI ONE of the ABOVE ADDRESSES. Remarkably handsome solid Walnut Bedroom Suite, consisting of full 6ft. wardrobe with two robing bevelled mirrors reaching from plynth to cornice, fitted with drawers, cupboa, ds, and hanging compartments; magnificent pedes- tal dressing table, fitted with eight drawers in the pedestals and large bevelled class attached supported by carved brac- kets; large size pedestal washstand, fitted with cupboards in the ped stals ; bedside pedestal with napkin drawer. t wel rail, and three charming upholstered chairs. The suite is guaranteed solid thrrngbout. Well worth £5O; packed, war- rat9 ei, and delivered for 24 guineas. No extra charge for credi.;, five per c,-nt. allowed for prompt cash. Gershon, Universal Furrishing Contractor, 44, Oldham-street, next to Adelphi Bank, Manchester.

OREaSHON ALLOWS FIVE PER CENT DISCOUNT FON

PROMP e CASH.

ANUMBER of Bedroom Suites, just like new, from a hotel, in solid American Walnut, Bur Walnut. Satin Walnut. olive Wood, Bird's Eye Maple. English Ash. Mahogany. Cyprus, and • ther woods. Each suite includes a superior wardrobe well-fitted and plate-glass door, bevelled; dressing table with bevel'ed glass attached, some enclosed, some open, and some with side reflectors ; double washstand vith marble slab tile back, and bevelted shaving mirror ; bedside cupboard, chairs, and 'owel airer ; the prices are 18. 16, 14. 12, 10 and 8 guine,s the suite, packed and delivered. Each suite is wott double Five percent. for prompt cash. No extra for credit. Call and inspeA them. GERSHON. Universal Furnishing Contractor, 44, Oldham-steet, next to the Adelphi Bank, Manclvster.

(RAND BARGAIN IN DINING-ROOM SUITE. ‘.7 —All the wo, d work is guaranteed solid, spring stuffed, covered in dark grain leAther, all in perfect order; the covering is new; price, packed and delivered, £4 183 6.1. Chtrminv Suite. In saddle bags, all new cover- ing, extra stron! frames ; grand btrgain for 5 guineas. Several Sideboards, in various woods. at marvellously low prices, with bevelled glass backs; from £4 10s to £6O. Dining Tables, all sizes and all woods; from 245. Second-hand Carpets, Rugs, Fentivrs and every requisite for complete furnishing, at GEMHON'S, the UNIVRILSAL FURNISH- ING CONTRACTOR. 44, OLDH kM-STRRET, next to the Adelphl Vank, MANCHESTER. ALL Ala INVITED TO WALK THROUGH.

RESULT OF UNHAPPY MARRIAGE, DIVORCH PROCEEDINGS, &c.. perhaps the most favourable opportunity ever off.ired to those about furnishing In good style is the present. The furnishing in question has beau removed from a very false house in the vicinity of Ply- mouth Grove, trid everything was made to order only 14 months ago by one of the best houses in the city. The prices yu ted are exactly one-half the cost. Nothing like a full des- cription can be given. Inspection is invited. Firstly, the hall is furnished with a grand dark mahogany Louis Stand and pair chairs to match; price 9 guineas. The dining-room is hi solid black walnut of magnificent an t uncommon defign. 1 o attempt anything like a description would be a waste of time ; to say the least. it is the most charming and unique, the dining table extending with extra leaves, sup- portei by square legs which are beautifully carved ; the over- mantel is such that can only be made by workmen of the highest standard ;itis a work of art. Next comes the truly magnificent Suite, which, of course, are also in solid black walnut, and con-ists of 12 standard Chairs (the price quoted Is for six chairs, more can be had if required), with double- padded I acks, two extra large lounge ch sirs. and a grand collets. of lerge size. siaebosel clout- is worth £5O Os 9d. the whol- forming is nels!et lot for high-class dining-room. Price 68 guineas. I hive also the carpets, paintinge, and engravings from the same room. The drawing room is furnished in the latest style. and surpasses everything for elegance I have ever- seen. Firstly, the Curio display cabinet at once. strikes you as being a marvel of beauty and workmanship, It possesses all the requirements or such an artistic article Next comes the handsome music cabinet with face fron and various divislons, lined with plush; two curious shapet , tables, ei ith fancy era and carved legs; the oyermanted with diamond-shaped glasses, and recesses for the display of nick-nacks; lastly, but by no means the least, the truly magnificent suite of double gondola settee, for any part of the room ; two charming easy chairs, four occasional chairs, ana two gossipy chairs. All are upholstered in a rich silk tapestry. with raised flowers and sprays, and finished with silk cord and gimp. It may be remarked that these fittings are suitable for only a high-class drawing-room. There are in all nine bedrooms, space prevents all being described. The beet room of all, I may here state, is suitable for a lady of title or a lord, it cost £l2, and is offered for 60gs. The suite is simply magnificent, the wood is porfe^tty solid bright- polished walnut of the choicest quality, the wardrobe is 7ft wide, fitted at either end with hanging compartments which are enclosed with brilliant bevelled Vaxhan plate glass of shield shape, b- tween the doors are drawers, and aeove are bay-shaped cupterards, with massive carved panel., which at owe rlsplays great. dexterity with the chisel. the whole is crowned with a corn,ce of tower like shape.the dressing table is 4ft, 6in, wide, pi destal design, and Lay-shaped between the pe -estals, which are fitted with drawers, the glass, which supported by carved brackets is shield shape and extra large. Next comes the 4ft 61n lxiy-shaped washstand, with marble slab, tile, end gimes back, about 41t high, the wits^ tal towel rail, and u,tholatered chairs forms one of the finest suites moner can buy. There are eight other bedrooms wisich contain suites at all prices, some as low as 4 guineas and some at 14, 18, and 25 guineas. The suite from the breakiast room is in saddle bags, priee 8 guineas ; dining table, 355; sideboard, £7 15a; two recesses bookcases, 751 each: Ariother carved oak bookcase and a est other a,,ticies arson view. Carpets, rugs, fenders. orna merits. paintings, china, and glass, all removed to 44, Old- ham-street, Manchester.

S g X at -

1-+ 14. C":.

1--/ ...4 C:,

===== 0002601_18960718_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
DON'T FORGET. "Ir DONT SIAR', ANY NATRA CHARGE FOR CREDIT, AND ALLOW FIVE PER CENT FOR ROMPT CASH.

G UNIV"O 5 HRSAL FUJINISRING CONTRACTOR, 44, OLDHAM-F,THICHT, MANCHNSTBR. /17XT TO TRH ADRLPHI BANK, and 17,19, and 21. HiLTON=STHHHT. 01 adjoining and corn mußichting with 44, Okllllqm-street, toithestse."

r• -c

C: t ..\ i

tt r. Ea ;''' 5' 0 E 'IX a gn ''' Ho -, CC;g% CD ~.3

t\D w =

....a 0 C7z

)-","k C.'7Z -,_ I

76. BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

es. td ° r rt E. :1 0

co

CA 0 .4

cS: b.D 0

---.--'-''.''''

1 AND

' STRESr'

f tbeir ctiOn ° calf on than e

ADVANKCTII 'lt OSThi.) PLAC4- )"IC

purChaAerSr COT.

rders for

)t of Post

00E, PLES

SO ATTS4 ND To TAP RgENT

v sr(Rtga

TRIOISD' YEZDEB

ESTER Oli

° rd r F. Go c. A co 0

b. 9 Oc , -65

- C; C: .9 G°

siv ORO°

'ECTION ENTS.

STSOI

SON, :NEIN and to inforgt generallt IUSH. :s NO of their'. ETI r" lAMBIIIy aitNTLS'a IFFS, ItCLolll_}." of villio" Li inspe.—

)OL.

EDY P: [GEBTIO. r IRRrrOY 111,-."-

the°, fJ L box 139° he Pert ray? ,1 to the (Ile" 7 a Bott-e_r:i r tone ary thue 170$ r'engthee t6' ket. vloop, edieine Seyalear

/

i 3, ~_, , /, i

;of 0 3 a jtef'-,dor Ii lias firope declill°oolo6, "and 11° t 1)0 too roy two' jai° tpe „,der hed r. E. $' that iPi 0 ~ff Ltelli" r, haver rtior cireat St jfs° futsci tbe pre for pared it., Bre 1er01.; warvi;3o3' sed ,fit bY t!)e Pi, ~ith et.; 0001;0, I ..Tilore ,116 e : of Ltion AO lot, pitted t 1)(1 ressive'

11144 Smoke.

k

of oil • . it is pointed out that there is a want of ;Ili elastty or expansion in the British exports Q., ehls noticeable in connection with 02raan trade. In 1872 the total value of ezports was, in round figures, £256,000,000 ; La .1895 it had sunk to £226,000,000. This decline is probably due to the drop in prices rather than to any diminution in the bulk of coin- baradities exported, but still the imports from Ger- i) ItlY of manufactured goods, which must have 'en equally affected by the fall in prices, have aettially increased by more than thirty per cent., th, at is from f.-2,16,000,010 to £21,000000. Other facts upon which much stress is laid are, first, ,thst while the population in twenty-three years !ass increased by over seven millions the declared value of our exports has fallen by £30,000,000, so that the proportion per head of exported British Pstindbee has fallen from £8 is. in 1872 to 3d, n 1894; and, seccnd, "that in the 3:eara between 1883 and 1893 the imports of mann- laetured articles from abroad show an increase of 1.3'0°0,000 in the face of the fact that the total !Cue of our imports had fallen by £22,000,000. It Ili:tilted that in some articles, such as wire for stanec, we import more from Germany than we °lPort to all the rest of the world. In 1894 Get- sent us 59,000 tons while we only exported 0(20. In five years the value of sewing itlzachinee imported from Germany rose from ,7,000 to £102,000, while unenumerated iron —,abufactures rose from £203,000 to 1109,000. hgeeerding to Mr. WILLIAMS, Germany finds the tbritisli Colonies and dependencies a better field c'r the sale of iron and steel than any of her own Ziennieg• Germany and Belgium combined are in f , rapidly ousting British iron and steel. "From 115?PlYing India with 98 per cent. of her iron and Or cet of her steel in 1883-4, in 1894-5 we :declined to 61 per cent. of her iron and 41 cent, of her steel." In regard to chemicals the Stated to be even worse than with iron. °rEnglisli chemists have for a long time lived • `4:•tleer-street. Their German rivals are flourish- the tune of dividends of 28 per cent." In it4l7, q-ermany produced 42,000 tons of soda, now ettput is close upon 200,000. In the ten years to 1894, her exports of soda ash grew from 4100 to 34,000. "According to a Scotch chemi- Zlikanufacturer; the Germans have completely t Placed every manufacturer of saltpetre in the tilaited Kingdom, aad have almost monopolised Nlsnmption of the world. In salt the Ger- ,414118 are cutting us out even in our own depend- °f India. The Salt Union supply of salt for the • mblical purposes in England has fallen from :Thooo tons in 1890 to 500,000 tons in 1895." In thlard to another local manufacture, that of glass, .ottl Story is somewhat similar. The exports ierinany are stated to be rapidly inereas- while those from this country almost as „Pill-3' decline. In some smaller matters, such ttllleical instruments, for instance, the Germans also secured a leading place. In 1892, New ta*lland imported 531 pianos and 434 of these tht-a .4143 from Germany. What is the explanation of kt, rapid German advance ? Mr. STSA D'S •ptl"C'er to this question has at all events the merit e are losing the race for the same )11 that other champions lose their races." We ,gtovvii fat and lazy. It is the old story of lige 'etre and the tortoise once more. The Brit- .qf Ilare feeling secure, has careered gaily ahead 111411 competitors, and then finding that it had ke course to itself it lay down and snoozed. c'anwhile the German tortoise, finding that his 1,11 unaided natural powers were inadequate to Kitavoeu him even a show in the international contest, ate`d himself upon the motor cycle of applied 'Tnee' and, before long, was able to get up suffi- nt /Teed to render the issue of the race a fore- conclusion—unless the Hare wakes up, goes •training, and applies himself with a will to —44 up for lost time."

TELE emission of black smoke is a

subject of interest in all manufac- turing towns, and consequently 1148 rqPort which a Committee for Testing Smoke k'reventing Appliances has presented to the anchester and Salford Corporations is of more %an local value. This report appears to be a re- tilt of amovement which was started so long back ae114389 for the purpose of investigating the black tisioke nuisance. The inquiry has led to the con- ,.Q Ilsion that the emission of black smoke from the vAleaneys of manufactories might be Put an to with benefit not merely to the residents 11: the districts in which these factories Zeplaced but even sometimes with advantage the manufacturers themselves. The Committee Of in the great majority of cases the issue tc black smoke into the air during the 13°3015tion of coal is preventable, either' and or mechanical firing and without at 'cost to the consumer. The report adds, )1,.-41t60 the prevention of smoke is accompanied hi‘q sitekng of expense in that an increase of isdeveluped by a more perfect combustion of the fuoL.and where live fire bars are adopted— where the bars have an automatic recip- :4tlganotion—an inferior and cheaper quality eg: tued, and thus a further saving of expense ,Gine member of the Committee corn- that, speaking generally, the law relating rill° emission of black smoke has not been so :itanltlY enforced as it might have been. This oesB in applying the law has unquestionably fiallargely ilue to the fact that there has been a -utas ta woether manufacturers .could greatly e'44erl the volume of smoke except .at a loss might prove almost ruinous. Where thepros- %, L'Y of a community depends so largely,upon the in its midst there can be no desire to harry •044.41 harass the manufacturers. That indeed cl be a ruinous • policy. If black SMOKE! were . its nlevitable concomitant of brisk trade with r•---vnif,,,t'eadY employment for workmen, it would be lilah'edlY if not gladly tolerated, and no doubt laCt3".People would be disposed to declare " the httent`lle merrier." At the same time no sane .bilt will maintain that black smoke is buything cheagreeable nuisance in itself. If it can be clkii.te char that its emission eau be pre- without restricting or in any way handicap.- &lad factory owners, the public iil look 111144411 a. utizorities enforcing the law relating to kth Nect with greater stringency tnan has ct`° been the case.

t(47°toeti titie, nit' ago the" Examiner ' called public at- -4t:Aths danger resulting from vad for flocking to 14,:e of bu P9ndB in the neighbour or the par- liikil re, tithing. This w42.ek a painful fatality has tiitG,°tcled ill whicii a youth of nineteen lost. his Rott* C his deptb in a pond near . Ring ou,, ,o L kirci• 'ha Cotioner s words on the subject of tk,5441i , are I in, Well worth prominence. Mr. Wore- 0. c(s' Ittrilii rtivoiwing the cave, "It is a PitY 1)078 do lititllti:rial tho,Bwim. If the deceased had been able . fpr bo—ls life might have been spared. It iv /I to go into deep pa while.not able

to swim, especially so when they go with boys who can swim. They see the boys who can swim going into deep water and they follow, and.as a result they are drowned." The bathing of boys in placPs at art isolated distance from any thoroughfare is the most pregnant cause of death by drowning. The youngsters who are liable to cramp, who get out of their depth, or who lose confidence even when able to swim, are too often drowned through no assiA- anco being at hand to save them. In a public bath the danger is greatly reduced as there are always swimmers with their eyes on the juveniles.

The Cycling Club at Runcorn holds next week a carnival night. The proceedings embrace a proces- sion, which, judging from the entries, should be a great:spectacular success,and a concert to conclude, for which several capable artistes are announced. The sole object for which the club has promoted the carnival is to inaugurate a fund for the building of a Cottage Hospital in the town. This necessity, above all other necessities, has long been felt though no one seems up to now to have had the re- quired energy to bring the matter to a tangible issue. The cyclists of the town should therefore receive credit and suppo,rt in their spirited action in coming forward and setting the financial ball I rolling. They hope to realize a round sum and to give everyone an opportunity of subscribing the " littles " which make a " muckle." Collecting boxes have been distributed and set up in every convenient and prominent corner of the town.

The Ladies' Club at Halton is to be congratulated on the successful celebration ef the 80th annivers- ary of the friendly Society. Nowadays we hear a great deal of the new woman who claims the right to look after herself but the good ladies at Halton seem to have been emancipated for a matter of 80 years at the end of which period the'club's prosper- ity is sounder than ever. According to Mr. Reynolds, whose valuable services as trustee to the club are now at an end, the Society 25 years ago had £750 invested, while at the present time the funds invested amount to close on .£1,500. Tuts is satisfactory progress and if the uresent position of the Society is any criterion it should have a long and useful career.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURDAY, JULY 18th, 1898.

• PI Mr STEAD, in his " Ae11:405 British versu4 German Trade. Reviaws " this month has jj'a Or, ous article on "The declill'or fall of British Industrial Snpremacy,''and istt, an appeal for " instant action ero it be """forpO Mr. STEAD bases his alarmist :zopeal uPell °dot Os tion contained in a pamphlet üblished tovipc title of" Made in Germany " Mr. • muds. It will be - seen therefore that it ;le many which is crelted with th-eatenillg osrii dustrial supremacy. The Germans have' starA told, since 1870 been preparing for A great s with this country for commercial :-:Prele6eAliPt_atbi as in the years t afore 1870 they preParee'e, tremendous military duel with Ffs..,,v-roto 'Ao French, or at all events the French t-Irar" svarned of the dangers ahead but i-ho sv3r: OeOL not heeded and the Empire collapsed ttr birho British manufacturers are invited t 4 pro;itil 11;0 example, but Mr. STEAD is „ 00°11 "nightmare doubt" whether anstlivg 0-ro done to avoid th catastreFl'°' 01/ doubtedly a strong vein of exaggeration 004' but at the same time it may be .adraitled, , ures quoted are not:a little. imprelol/

~_

tet44o.43eti 44,44 t bt 411 115 of b 4rtthrot tA 41. ti 43, kkit %fa eitto 41ke'tik P

A

--

===== 0002601_18960718_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WARRINGTON SWINDLING CASE.

SENTENCE ON GRAN C.

John Garlick alias John Grant, 37 Years of age, was on Tuesday, at the Liverpool Quarter Sessions, indicted for having at Warrington on the 17th April last, unlaw- fully and knowingly, by certain fake pretences,obtained from William Stockton, the sum of £6O in money, and on the 4th May obtained from Margaret Ann Ashmore, the sum of £5O with intent to defraud. Me. J. W. Ross Brown, instructed by Mr. Arthur Browne, of Warring- ton, prosecuted, and the prisoner was represented by Mr. Bleckwood Might, instructed by Mr. F. R. Roberts, of Warrington. In stating the case, Mr. ROS 9 Brown said that in con- sevence of being out of employnieet and hearing that prisoner fad work to offer, Stockton went to him on the 17th of April at Warrington. Complainant had an inter- view with him at his place of business in Lythgoes-lane, and alleged that the prisoner informed him that he was a man of substance but wanted more capital to put in his business. He showed Stockton the place where a good businese was apparently being done, twenty or thirty hands being employed. Prisoner it was al:e, • ' added that he had no debts, and had money in the Lan- cashire and Yorkshire bank at Warrington ; also that he had a contract with Mr. William Dear!, grocer, of Warrington, to the extent of £6O a month. On the strength of these representations, Stockton agreed to en- ter into his employ and granted him £6O, he to receive 30s. a week wages and 7i per cent. interest on the ad- vance. He was only in the prisoner's employ some ten days when the works were closed. It was afterwards discovered that the prisoner had no banking account on the 17th of April and had no contract of £6O a month with Mr. Isaac. In the case of Mrs. Margaret Ann Ash- more, complainant replied to an advertisement in a Liverpool newspaper, offering employment to anyone that could put money in the business,and ultimately en- tered the prisoner's service at 16e. a week as his clerk. She advanced him £5O at 5 per cent. interest. She had ; not been in his service more than a week when becom- ing suspicious she issued a warrant for prisoner's arrest, and he was arrested at Wigan. William Stockton gave corroborative evidence and wae cross-examined at length by Mr. Blackwood Wright. Other evidence was also given by Mr. Gilbert, of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Bank, Warrirwton ; Mr. Robert Lowe, Mr. Charles Lyon, of the " Liverpool Echo." and Detective Sergeant Monaghan.—Mrs. Ash- more was then called, and gave evidence as to the facts stated in her case by counsel. In cross-examination by Mr. Blackwood Wright, she admitted that what had led her to lend prisoner the money was the hope of employment. On this point the magis•rites gave their opinion that with regard to the charge brought by Mrs. Ashmore there was no case against the prisoner. At the close of the evidence the counsel for the prose- cution and defence addressed the jury. Mr. Black woted Wright for the prisoner, in a long and n hie speech ar- gued that all that could be alleged against the prisoner was that he had traded reeklesslyeind that as the magis- trates had declared that Mrs. Ashmnre's cheree was not substantiated, and that Stockton's charge having been brought after Mrs. Ashmore's in the Warrington Police Court, that also was without foundation. The jury after a brief consultation ,found the prisoner guilty of obtaining £6O by false pretenees from William Stockton. The Chairman then read the list of previous convictions against the prisoner, and passed upon him a sentence of twelve calendar months' imprisonment , with hard labour.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
PARR'S BA.NK, LIMITED.

DIRECTORS' REPORT.

An extraordinary general meeting of this bank will be held at the Bank Premises, Warrington, on Thursday next. The directors in their report state that the posi- tion and prospects of the business continue to he in every way satisfactory. The amalgamation of the Con- solidated Bank, Limited, with this Company has been sucoessfully carried out. The subscribed capital has t.w.n inereased to £6,600,000 ; the naid-tin capital to £1,320,000; and the reserve fund to £1,320,000 After effecting this and providing amply for the costs of the amalgamation, there remained surplus we're of the Consolidated Bank, Limited, amounting to £206,285,, which the Directors have applied to write down consols and bank premises account, and still further to strengthen the position of the bank. Including £31.046 10s. 91., brought forward at 31qt December. 1895, by this bank, and £4.988 194 34. brought forward at the same date by the Consolidated Bank. Limited, the net balance of profits, after provid- ing for all bad and doubtful debts, ani rebating the current bills at 5 per cent.. is £172,386 141. 9i. From this sum the directors recommend the payment of a dividend at the rate of 19 per cent, per annum. free of income tax, for the quarter ended 30th June, 1896.t0 he payable on the Bth August, £62 700; dividend at the same rate for the quarter ending 30th September, 1896, to be payable on 2nd November,lB96, to the sharehnlders whose names shall be on the register on 15th October. £62 700 ; to bank premises account, £10,000; total £135,400; leaving balance to be carried to next account, £36,988 14s. 9d. Siih-branches of the bank have been opened at. Alsager (Cheshire), Cobham (Surrey), Cres- sington (Lancs.). and in the Manchester district at Weaste, and Docks, Regent-road. In conformity with the authority given by special resolution passed on 19th May, and confirmed on llth June, the directors have elected Mr. James Alex. Bannerman, Mr. James Tulloch, Mr. Alfred Crewdson, Sir John James Harwood, Mr. Emil Heinemann and Mr. Robert Nitl, inn., who were formerly directors of the Conso/idated 114nk Limited, to be directors of this bank, cod the shareholders will be asked to confirm these 4ppointrnenta.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

ST. THOMAS'S Y.M.C.—After school on Sunday about DO members of the above, together with a few lady friends, paid a visit to Dirchdale, where they were re- ceived by Mr. D3ViPS and shown over the well kept o:Jens, greenhouses -and ki Passing through the kitchen garden not 'only were the party requested to gather the various kinds of fruit, but in many cases it was gathered and t—g,ther with Bowers presented to tkent. At the top of the pretty park, from whence a splendid view of the surrounding country is obtained. the party rested themselves and sang several hymns. after which they returned to the 1-0118... where .i parting hymn wa.s sung. After an expression of thaLks fron. the committee, on behalf of the class. to Mr. and Mrs. Davies for thr, very kind reception given them. Mr. Davies spoke of th pleasure it had been to himeelf and Mrs. Davies to rene.ve them at Birchdale. and he ',oped it would not be their lasi visit—he' should be pleased to see them at any time, and wished Otani every suc- OM.

TOrACCONIST 4 CCMlnetneithr ; write for Illiutraied Guide rind Citalezue (M 9 paw., ) Tell) ACCONI/TS. 01/14ITT1Iai CO.-186, Buotou-road, Loudon. Man Ager, .1-lE)firr hlynnn.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER SATURRit Y, JULY 18 1896.

RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

DRUNK AT RUNCORN.

On Thursday —m—U-riai-ng before Mr. F. J. Norman, Robert Anderson was charged at the Runcorn Police Court with being drunk and disorderly in Devonshire Square on Wednesday night. Prisoner, who is a tramp, was fined ss. and costs or in default seven days. PRIMITIVR MKTIIODIST CnApEL, U REENWAY-110AD. The anniversary sermons were preached on Sunday by the Rev. W. Fidoe, the newly-wpointed miniiter to the Runcorn circuit. The Rev. W. Fidoe whose text in the evening was "A name which is above every name," greatly impressed his hearers. The collections were on behalf of the Trust fund.

RUNCORN CYCLING CLUB

On Wednesday the members of the Runcorn Cycling Club had a very pleasant run to High Leigh where the members of the Wigan Cluh were met. A game of cricket was played wkich the Runcornians just managed to win chiefly through the clever batting awl fielding of Messrs. Mack, Mundy, and Webster. Runcorn was reached about nine o'clock after one of the most enjoy - able outings of the season. 18 its-rok CHURCH.

The annual services on behalf of tne choir of St John's the Evangelist Church. Weston, were hell last Sunday, and were well attended. The morning preacher was the Bev. H. B. Firth, 8.A., afternoon Rev. W. Scholes, evening Rev. W. H. Stables, M.A. In the afternoon th,- choir gave selezcions from Mozarts 12th Mass, accom- panied by an orchestra under the leadersnip of Mr. W. B. Bay. BRUNSWICK WIESLEYAN SCROOLR 10'bi, RUNCORN. The children attending this school numbering 600 travelled shortly alter noon to Frodsham. They were accompanied by Messrs. T.Simister and E. Taylorouper- intendents,and the teachers, and at Frodsham the party were met by Mr. J. Simpson, the senior superintendent. The scholars having walked to the hills in procession spent a pleasant day on the hills and were entertained to tea by Mr. T. Simpson, who provided a substantial re- past.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
FUNERAL OF AN OLD RUNCORN MAN.

On Wednesday Mr. George Powell, of Cartwright-3t., Runcorn was buried in the Runcorn Cemetery, the ser- vice being taken by Itev.Mr.Bartratn.Deceased who died on Sunday, was manager of the Co-oposative. No 3 Branch, Halton-road, and was one of the pioneers el the co-operative movement in Runcorn, and had been em- ployed by the local S.K.Ue:y 32 years. He was held in high esteem by his fellow otiictals and workmen, most ot whom attendad the funeral. S. JCHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.

The result?, of the examination of the candidates of St. John's Presbyterian Church for the examination held in connection with theLancashire,Cheshire,&:.Presbytery have been received. Out of the ten candidates presented, six have hen gucze‘stul, the following being a list :- 2nd division,Eilen Shaw ; 3rd division,Edward Hopley : 77 marks, Mary J. Evans ; 70 marks-4:h division,John H. Harrop 76 marks ; Josiah l3ettley 61. marks ; Hannah Jones 60 marks. The result is highly creditable both to the teacher, Mr. Harrop, and the church in the town. HOLY TRINITY CHOIR TRIP, RUNCORN.

The choir and a large number of the congregation of the above church held their annual excursion on Wed- nesday, when about 60 assembl,d and travelled per the London and North-Western for Rhyl. At Rhyl the tire-- was spent in driving and boating and other amusements. A visit was paid to St. Asaph's Cathedral where the organ was opened for Mr. Savage, the Trinity organist, who gave a brief but clever recital on the instrument. Mr. C. Timmine, churchwarden, made adequate ar- rangements for the party which were satisfactorily car- ried out an I materially added to the pleasure of a very enjoyable day. TREAT TO POOR CHILDREN AT RUNCORN. The committee of the above have decided to take the children tnis year to Mersey View, Overton Hills, on August sth. Protn a statenaent made by Mr. Cooke at the meeting the following is the condition of the fund. 11,gioning with a balance from the last OA People's Treat of £4 Cs. 9d., there was collected £33 Os. Bd., making total income of £37 10s. 51. 'The cust of the Ole People's Tieat was £l6 17s. 91., leaving a balance available for the Summer Treat to Children of £2O 12s. 81. Mr. Cooke estimated the cost of the Children'? Treat would be £2B, and appeals have been sent out to the likely quarters. Since the meeting Sir Richard Brooke has subscribed £2 2s. and Sir Joseph Verdin £1 ACCIDENT TO I:RUNCORN MAN AT CHESTER. The Runcorn police received information on Mon- day from Chester, that a man of the name of George Beckett, 60 years old, living at 41, Ashridge-at., Run- corn, was dying in the Chester Infirmary. The police were asked to continunicate with Beckett's friends. De- ceased di.Al the same day. Beckett, who is a Batman, was walking along the deck of his flat on Sunday last at Chesi:er when no stumbled and fell down the hold, receiving severe injuries to the upper part of his body. Es was immediately taken to the Infirmary, where every care was taken of him, but he was unable to sur- vive the injuries he had received.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
IfIINCOILN VOLUNMERS ENCAMPMENT.

Th. annual encampment of the Runcorn Volunteers was fixed for this week, and by the time these lines are printed the local men will have spent a pleasant week under canvas. The men met on Saturday afternoon at the Drill Hall Runcorn, about two o'clock. Toe corps was formed into marching order and preceded by toe band paraded Um streets to the station. Tne streets were crowded with friends and relatives of the men who left for their destination—Towyn with great •` eclat." An advance party was sent on Tuesday, in chary; of Colour Sergeant Davies and excellent preparations were made for the arrival of the troop. WORKHOUSE CHILDREN AT SOUTHPORT.

On Tueeday the children of the Workhouse enjoyed under favourable conditions of weather, their annual outing. Southport was the place selected, and the chil- dren were driven in conveyances to Runcorn Station, where an early train was caught for the popular Lanca- shire watering-place. Once there everything was done to make the day pleasant, and the pleasures of the sea- side with the attendant sniff of the bliny was greatly enjlyed. Mr. Curmah, the Workhouse Master, was in charge, and several members of the Board of Guardians also accompanied the trippers. The expense attending the trip was provided for by means of subscriptions, to which the magistrates in the district contributed £lO ' and the Guardians £4. With a balance in hand last year the available amount realised £l7. INDEPENDRNT ORDER OF RECIMBITES, RUNCORN.

On Wednesday evening the haif-yearly meeting of the Runcorn and Federation District (No. 9 Lodge) of Rechabites was held at Preston Brook. There were pre- sent Mr. William Lockett, D.C.R., who occupied the chair, Messrs. James Snape, D.D.S. (Runcorn), James Lea, D.F. (Runcorn), J. E. Warburton, D.S. (Runcorn), W.-Cartwright, P. D.C.R. (Runcorn), E. H. Hildridge .(Runcorn), J. Williamson (Runcorn), and Joseph Spruce (Preston Brook). The half yearly returns show that the present membership is 459, and the District Funeral Fund, amounts to c•insiderably over RAM It was :maul- mously decided to send a letter of condolence to the widow of the late Mr. Joseph Booth, P.D.C.R. (Runcorn), who for years past has been a useful member of the order, and having passed through the chairs of his own Tent, also acted as secretary of Excelsior Juvenile Tent and last year was chief ruler of :he District, and at the time of his death was active P.D.C.R.

FUNERAL OF MR. JOSEPH Boom, RUNCORN. The remains of the late Mr. Joseph Booth, aged 36, who died last Wednesday at his residence in Greenway- road, were interred in the cemetery on Saturday. Deceased, who was highly respected, was secretary of the Band of Hope in connection with St. John's Presby- terian Church, Runcorn. The bearers were members of the Band of Hope Comnsittee, and a number of mem- bers of the Bnccorn lodge of Rechabites attended the funeral. There were also in the procession the Rev. S. Simpson, who conducted the funeral service, and several members of the St. John's Church. The chief mourners were Master Arthur Booth (son), Mr. P. Booth (father), Mr. A. Booth (brJther), Messrs. J. Dobson. J. Green, C. Dobson, W. Houghton, T. Dobson, E. 13abson, J. Green, jun., J. Brown, S. Booth, and T. Booth. Amongst many beautiful wrpaths was one sent by the members of the Band of Hop., Corn Mitt:eft. Fees- MASONRY AT RUN'CORW.

The Ellesmere tA,ige No. 7SB celebrated the annual least of St. Jorin in the Masonic Hall, Runcorn. last ("Ihursday) night, there being a good attendance of the breJire.ti troin Warrington, Widnes and Frodshahi. The lodvi as opened by W.M. Bro. A. Salkeld. The installatOn el-ell-my was impressively performed by Br' r H. Annetl', P.M., P.P.G.T.,secretary,and Bro. C. w. i'hilip,i, P,P.G. std.. D. of C., arid the newly installed worthy master, W.A. Bro. William Upton, invested the following as officers for the enticing year: A. Salkeid, 1.P.M.; it. R. Clarke, S.W. (proxy); H. Branch, J,w, ; W. It. Vas, P.M. treasurer; T. H. Annett, P.M., p, pG. r. secretary; H. G. Linaker, S.D. ; E Newton, J. ;J. Chadwick. I.G. ; James Littler.P.M., organist ; C.W. Philips, P.M P.G. std., D. of C. ; John Hall, tyler. Alter the ceremony there was the customary cauvivial meetinp. ot which the Royal and Masonic toasts wrre honoured. bi the courf:e of the evening the retir- ing W.M. Bro. A. Si ke!,i was presented with a hand- some P.M. jewel, b,:aring the inscription :—" Presented to Hr.,. A. Salkeld, P.M , by the Ellesmere LoAge, 758, together with 4, lt• governorship of the Cheshire Educa- tional Masonic lostitiition, as a token of esteem and in appreciation of hip ::,,rvioes as Worshipful Master. Rua,- corn, July 16th, 1836 "

The Goverament has decided to receive the Chinese Viceroy Li Hung Chang in great state. Lord SAlisbury, in the name of the Queen, has in- vited tha great Chinese diplomat to accept the hos- pitalities of this country as a 6rate visitor at the expensts of the British nation. This invitation has been accepted, and It Bung Chang and his suite will stay with us for a month. A large house will be taken for the Chinese Vicerv, probably in Carl- ton House Gardens,and he will have a special staff placed at his dis)osal. it. wos first intended that his should corn I •re as an ofdinary guest, and oc- cupy the Chin, 4., Legation, but this has been all changed. Li Hung Chang Is said to have an auto- graph letttr from the Emperor of China to the

===== 0002601_18960718_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES ATHLETIC CLUB SPORTS.

The two days meeting held annually under the aus- pices of this club, took place on the ground of the Wid- nes Football Club on Friday and Saturday. Friday evening's sport was of an interesting nature, and very enjoyable to the spectators present. The most interest- ing events were the local half mile handicap, which Peters won cleverly from Aston,and the scholars' handi- cap which was carried off by a smart little runner named Pickering, who after winning his heat in grand style, beat J. H. Boberts (who was giving the winner 16 yards in 300) by about half a yard. W. Collin, of War- rington, managed to get in first in the two miles bicycle handicap, while P. Connor, of Widnes, won a popular victory in the mile handicap, by five yards from Bouch who was alsa considered a favourite for the event. Saturday's proceedings of course, were the chief feature of the annual festivity, and the afternoon's sports was attended by many of the most prominent Widnes people, and also by a large concourse, both from home and aoroad. H. B. Msnick, of the Liverpool Wheelers, se- cured the mile bisycle handicap, and the three miles bicycle race was won by W.Lows ,of Rainhill,Monck com- ing in second a few feet behind. The plum of the after- 'non's sports was the meeting of N. D. Morgan, the new 100 yards champion, and Max Wittenberg, the second in the championship race. J. Bailey, of Bradford, also turned his back to the starter for the same event, but J. W. Bradley, the brother of the suspended champion, though entered, did not put in an appearance. On the explosion of the pistol, Morgan got away quickly and had Wittenberg beaten at half the distance. Toe worsted was broken by the Irishman, a yard separating him from Wittenberg. Bailey who ran gamely,finished a yard behind Wittenberg. The Northern Counties Mile Cham- pionship was somewhat of a " frost," only three corn- petitors turning out Tysoe, Cockerel', and Graham. Graham stopped about half way leaving Tysoe to win anyhow with Cockerill running well for a sure second plane. The following are the detailed results :- 120 Yards.-11 Wenner. Wootton, 1.11 ; 1-1 Pritchard, Hata Bank, 4i 2; J C Leathwood, Widr es, 2, 3. Yard and half thtee yards. Two Miles Bicycle Ilandicap.—W Collin, Warrington CC, 193, 1 ; F Thomlinson, Hale Bank, 230. 2; W Snerratt, Widnes CC, 250, 3. Won by thirty yards; a bad third. Half mile Handicap.—H Peters, Widnes, 15. 1; W Aston, Widnes. 35, 2; H Barber, Widnes, scratch, 3. Ten yards ; five yards. 300 Yards Scho'ars'.—A Pi6kerigg, 40, 1 ; T H Roberts, 24, 2; H Pee', 18, 3. Half a yard ; foot. One Mile Haudicap.—P Connor, Widnes.ls, 1 ; J T Bouch, Widnes, scratch, 2; J Kelly, Liverpcol,H, 30, 3. Five yards; seven yards. Second day (Saturday, July 11). Results : Mile Bicycle.—H B Monck, Liverpool Wheeler., 193, 1•, W, Lowe, Rainhill, 160, 2; 3 H Cliffe, Hough Green CC, 100, 3. Six inches ; two lengths. Time, 2min. 32 2-5 sec. 223 Yards.—W Williams, 801t00,13, 1; R Bromilow,Kirby. 10, 3; T Horan, Warrington, 7, 3. Hi-If-yard; foot. Time 24s c. Mile.—J Walsh, Liverpool, 135, 1'• T B Francis, West Cheshire H. 121, 2 •,3 Walsh, Salford H, 100, 3. Easily ; bad. Time, 4min, 19:sec. Quarter-mile. F Morrell, Salford H. 28, 1 ; W Garnett Na,twith, 25. 2; J Hulme, Denton, 29, 3. Half a yard two ards. Time, 49 1-ssec. 120 Yards.--B Wenner. Wootton, 8,1; W Wettings, Pres- cet, 81-.2 ;C 11 Riley, Manchester, 10, 3. Half a yard ; lame. Time 12sec. Three Miles Bicycle.—W Lowe, Rainhill C C, 195, 1; H B Moack, Liverpool r`iV, 195, 2 ; It Pearson, Barrow A C, 205 3. Wheel : six lengths. Time. Bmin 28 4-ssec. Mile North->rn Counties Charnpionship.—A.B Tysoe. Skel- ton H. 1 ; J Coekerell, Salford H, 2 ; J Graham, Hull H, 0; Won by thirty yards. Graham retired at half a mile. 'lime, 4min 31 4-ssec. 100 Yards Scratch.—N D Morgan, Belfast 11,1 ; M Witten- bei-g. Salford H, 2 ; J Bailey. Bradtord, 3. Morgan at one showeel in front, and leading all through won by a yard and a half; yard divided the second and third. Time, 10 2-ssee on grass track. Half-mile.—J Barr, Roby H, 55, 1; T 0 Orchardson, Barnton 11, 62, 2 ; J F Meharry, Liverpool, 60, 3, Three yards ; five. Time, linin 56 2-ssec. It may be mentioned that Collinge, of Blackley, after running away with his heat in the sprint, slipped on passing the post and fell on the rails. He sustained severe sprains to his ler and ankle. Mrs. Stewart Dsa- con distributed the prizes at the end of the Sports, and the meeting closed with votes of thanks to Mr.and Mrs. Stewart Deacon. The officials and committee along with Mr. Davies, the indefatigable secretary, are to be con- gratulated on the success of the annual gathering.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
SUPPOSED ATTEMPTED SUICIDE NEAR

RUNCORN.

CURIOUS STORY. .. - ...........

On Tuesday night about six o'clock a fa—rtiCeTlamed Lomas found a labourer named Matthew gealey, of St. Helens, with a severe wound in his throat. He was standing by Halton Bridge, near Sutton, when found. Me. Lomas had the man taken to the workhouse. Healey was preperly treated and seen by Dr. Stlby, but in con- sequence of statements made by the man the police had to be called in. Healey during Tuesday night told different stories. In one he alleges he was set upon by two men who demanded money of him. He refused to accede to their requests, and they set upon him and carried him to a plantation near by, where one held him while the other deliberately cut his throat with a clasp knife. This with other highly improbable stories caused the police to make enquiries, and their conclusion is that the man's wounds were self inflicted. This is supported by Dr. Selby who having seen the man is thoroughly of that opinion. Questioned by the place he has made several rambling statements. On being searched he was foune, to be possessi,n of 11d. some bread, a pipe, and a piece of twist tobacco. At the time he alleged the attack was made on him there were four platelayers engaged neer the spot, and any outcry w3uld have been heard by them. Healey has stated that he worked for a Mr. Rigby near St. 11,4 ens. but can give no definite address,and also says he walked from St. Helens on Tuesday. The police have ascer- tained that no suspicuous characters have been observed in the neighbourhood.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
FINDING WATER BY DIVINATION.

SUCCESSFUL DISCOVERY NEAR RUNCORN. About three months since a search for water was made on tne estate of Mr. Becketz. Chadwick, J.P., at Kingsley,by a water prospector or diviner, of the name of Mullins, from near Bath. Upon the ad- vice of Mr. Mullins, Mr. Chadwick agreed with a well sinker to commence operations without the customary boring,tor the water "diviner" gave such unmistakeable evidence of his ability to discover springs, that the preliminary boring was thought to be unnecessary. The well-sinker began at once to sink a well of four feet diameter and now, at a depth of 50 to 55ft., he has come across a very strong stream, and at the time of writing there was no less than six feet of water in the well. It may be added that Mr. Mullins only used a small haz,tl rod or wand for discovering the whereabouts of , water, and that be succeeded in doing this after an expert with all the latest appliances at his com- mand had failed.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON SWIMMING CLUB.

• WATER POLO MATCH.

On Tuesday evening there was a large attendance at the Warrington Corporation Baths. whim the return match in the Liverpool District Water Polo 14-ague, be- tween St. Helens and Warrington, was played off. The teams were :—Warrington: Goal, A. Robertson ; full backs. S. Beaman and A. Boscow half back, T. Locker (captain) ; forwards, W. Creighton, G. A. Scotaon, and A. Ashton. St. Helens :GoaLJ. Aspinwall ; full backs, J.Mar lew (captain) and J. Bretton ; half hack, R.Sliar- rock (Lane. County); forwaris, W. Preston, P. Ripley (Lane. County), and J. Anders. On commencing, War- rington defended the deep en4l, and the ball was first in the possession of Ripley, who passed to Stiarrock, and the home goal was immediately besiege I. Bea- man relieved in a critical positi n, but Shar- rock again secured and put in a back shot which failed. Another attempt was made useless by RJbert- son who passed to Locker and the latter got away nicely, and by a strong spurt reached the visitors' goal through which he put the ball. On the restart Sr. Relecs again came to the front and Robertson saved repeatedly. Sharrock knocked the crosa-bar down but failed to score on each occasion. Ripley was very prom- inent and from some lively work in the Warrington end made the score equal. Swift tactics biifilid the home- sters and the ball was again put through but the goal was disallowed. A moment later Mart leW beat Boscow and scored the second goal for the visitors. Ashton had a good chance to equalise but his shot proved too weak Half-time arrived with St Helens 2 goals to Warrington 1 goal. In the second half Sharrock VVIS cautioned for rough play. Robertson stopped , some strong shots and another good oppor- tunity was lost by Ashton, thr ugh which , Anders beat Robertson. Restarting, a pass was given to Creighton who had a race with Preston, and, secur- ing the advantage, scored a very neat goal. Another attempt was made by Anders, which Beaman checked. Sharrock had here to leave the bah through getting his eye cut and his place was taken by a suhstitutv. Ripley again put in some good work and distancing hi. Dormers he obtained the final goal of the match, which was thus won by St. Helens with 4 goals to Warrington 2. Previous to the match a5O yarls club handicap was swum off.There,were 23 entries, and the beats were well contested. The final proved very close, and resolted A. G. Robinson, 4 secs. start colning first ; A. Ashton, 2 secs., second ; and J. Hampdon, 4 semi., third.

The by Bindle, who was sentenced to death at tit,. Lancaster Assizes for the murder of Mn'. Coates, 'he wife of hie master, at Accrington, has been rtprievtd. The Home Secretary's decisson was made known on WeJnesday evening.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON LADIES' CLUB ANNIVERSARY

THE 80Tx CELEBRATION.

Monday saw the 80th celebration of the anniversary of the Halton Female Friendly Society. The customary arrangements were made aud about one o'clock the members commenced to gather in the schoolroom. The annual subscriptions being paid they proceeded to the Castle Hotel Green, and baying walked round it three times in accordance with the ancient custom proceeded to the Parish Church. In church an apprepria.e ser- mon was preached by the Rev. Charles Wray, of Aston. At the conclusion of the service the procession was again made up and traversed the village, headed by the Wes- ton brass band. It was preceded by Lady Brooke, Mrs. Wray, Mrs. Charles Reynolds, Mrs. Henry Reynolds. Mr. Charles Reynolds, J.P., Mr. Ga.mon, Rev. G. D. Wray, Rev. S. Wilkinson, and Mr. Thomas Wright. The num- ber taking part in the processign would be about 250. On the return to the green of the Castle Hotel an excellent tea was:served in the marquee. The statement of accounts for the last year showed that the members' subscriptions realised £l4B 185., and that there bad been paid through sickness £lll 65., funerals £6O, and surgeons' accounts £35 6s. The total funds of the society amounted to £1,461 ss. 11d., which is chiefly invested in the Manchester Sheffield, and Lin- colnshire Railway preference stock,the Runcorn Savings Bank, Parrs Bank, and the Halton Burial Board. The Rev. G. D. Wray after tea proposed a vote of thanks to Lady Brooke who was present both at the pro- cession and service. He was sure the ceremony was en- joyed more when Lady Brooke was present and they would join with him in thanking her for the kind inter- est she had taken in the society and in wishing that she might long be able to remain the patroness of the society. Lady Brooke in responding mid that since the last anniversary they had lost a good friend by the retire- ment of Mr, Charles Reynolds who for 25 years had been a trustee of the society. During that time he had worked very hard for the prosperity of the society and he had. they would admit, earned a well deserved rest. (Hear, hear.) When Mr. Reynolds first became a trustee the Society was not in the position it was at the present day. They were now able to show a good balance in the bank and they were able to meet all demands made upon them. This she considered had not be achieved without a great deal of work on the part of Mr. Reynolds who throughout his connection with the club had earned the best regards of all and had brought about the happiest results. Personally, she had a great deal to thank him for as he explained all matters touching the working of the club to her, on her becoming its patroness. She had therefore great pleasure in asking him on behalf of the officers to accept a small present as a token of their respect and esteem. (Applause.) Mr. Reynolds was then presente4 with a silver cigar- ette case and match box, in a case which bore the in- scription :—Presented to Charles Reynolds by the officers and members of the Halton Female Friendly Society, as , a small token a appreciation of his valuable services the society fir a period of 20 years. Mr. Reynolds inlreturning thanks said that no one could think how pleased he was with the beautiful present he had just received, and also with the kindly reference which had been made to his connection with the club. He did not remember haying any presents since his wedding 30 years ago. (Laughter.) The present he had received, came from the people of the place wherein he was born, and he had noticed that afternoon as they walked the green that many of the faces were familiar to him. He had retired because he felt too old, and thought that he had not sufficient brains to carry on the work of the Society in a proper manner. (Laugh- ter.) If the duties of the society were per- formed in an efficient way the club would have a grand success. Mr. Wright and Mr. Gamon had done a great deal of hard work for the bene- fit of the club and he hoped they would continue to de so. ISte was very pleased to know that Mr. Wright had taken his (the speaker's) place as trustee, for there was no man in the district who knew the routine of the club better than Mr. Wright. Be had been asked to p iint out that about 20 years ago the S )ciety had £750 invested, while at the present day it had double that amount. (Applause.) There was one thing they would have to keep their fineures on, and that was the sick pay of the deb, because if they went on at the present I heavy rate they would be getting into trouble with the Registrar at London. There had been many diseases during the last twe years such as influenza, but he thought they would fly away as quickly as they came. Delieved that day the Management Committee had received £lO from those present, by the teas thy bad been provided with. C including he thanked all present for the beautiful gift and for the kind reference they had made to him. (Applause.) Mr. J. H. GAMON said he was very pleased to see so many present, including Lady Brooke, but was very sorry his friend Mr. Reynolds ead resigned. During the time they had worked together they had always got along very comfortably. Mr. Wright endorsed the foregoing observations and proposed a vote of thanks to Mrs. Reynolds and Mrs. Wray, the Auditor (Mr. G. J. Knight), and surgeons (Drs. J. Selby, W. H. Cal ruthers, G. H. Ormesby, A. McLennan and J. Robinson). This was seconded and carried unanimously. The company then adjourned to the green where a band played 'during the evening for dancing. After indulging in this pleasant fashion for some time the public were given access to the grounds. A good num- ber visited the village during the afternoon and the pro- ceedings throughout were of a thoroughly enjoyable character.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
PAINFUL DROWNING CASE AT

It UN CORN.

About noon on Monday, a battling fatality occurred in the Barn Pits Dear Halton Lodge. A young man named Albert Simmans a son of William Simmans of 83, Spring Gardens Runcorn in company with several others was bathing in the pits, and it is thought that he got out of his depth. He was seen to be in trouble by his com- panions who attempted to save him but unfo; tunately without success. The body was afterwards recovered and the police were informed and conveyed the deceased home on the ambulance.

INQUEI.

INTBRESTING REMARKS ON SWIMMING BY THE CORONER.

Mr. Worsley held an ingeest on Wednesday morning at the Runcorn Police Station on the body of Albert Simmans who met his death by drowning on Monday at noon. Mary Ann Simmons, wife of William Simmons, labourer, said deceased was her step-son and was a farm labourer, aged 19 next month. He left home in good health on Monday morning but did not say anything about going to bathe. Re could not swim. David Drury was a friend of the deceased and they worked togetber.—David Dr try, a youth, residing in Spring Gardens, said he was a farm labourer at the same place as deceased. The deceased, higisAf (witness) and a boy named Done went to bathe after dinner in one of Mr. Cross's fielde in Halton. He could swim himself but Done and deceased could not. They had been in the water about ten minutes when deceased took a dive and was trying to" bottom it out." Deceased got his foot into a hole but got out of it once and must have g(..t out of his depth. A boy said that deceesed was drowning and be (witness) went to his assistance. Deceased caught him by the shoulder and pullrd him down twice. He afterwards let go and went down again and he (witness) again tried to save him but it was of no use. There woe three or four boys on the bank, but they were all younger than Hinge/4 and conic). not wim.There were no men about except one who was at the bottem of the field. They called to him but when he got up deceased was drowned. The police were sent for. The deceased had just gone down for the last time when the man came.—The Coroner : What sort of a pond is it, shellow at one end and deep at the other.— Witness: It goes down when you get towards the middle.—The Coroner: Did you know that a boy was drowned there last year.—Witness: No, sir.- -rhe Coroner : Does anybody interfere with you when bathing there P—Witness : Yea, the farmer has turned boys back again.—Thl Coroner: (hen you have no rieht there.—Witness : No, e r. P.C. E lison said he was called to the pond and hel found several boys round it and there was an old man named Thomas Stekes who was lame and could not ren- der assistance. He recovered the body which was in the water about an hour. The boys, in the field worked for Mr. Grice and the pond was in the middle of it. It was shout six yards deep and ran down very suddenlv. No one was drowned in the same pond last year though a boy was drowtrd in one close by.

The Coroner said the only verdict they could return was thAt deceased was accidentally drowned while bath- ing. It was a pity boys could not learn to swim. If the lad had been able to swim his life would have been vored. It was risky for boys to go into deep ponds while not being able to swim. especially so when they went in with bo:s who could swim. They saw the h-vs who could swim going into deep water and they lotto% ed and the inevitable result was they were drov od.—A verdict was returned to the effect that de- ce..fied was accidentaliy drowned while bathing.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM.

FIVE CROSSES WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCNOOL.—I,I connec- a' se tin o the above Sunday School the nnua rvices were held on Sunday. In the morning Mrs.R, riton deli- vered an addrems to the scholars, teachers, and tric.nds, the Rev. T. Brackenbury, ot. Runcorn, occupied the pulpit in the atternoon and evening. Spt.c.isl music was rendered by the choir and scholars. Good congregations ...g.nrit,'ed at all the services. Collections amounting to '5 17- were taken.

1111 SM STRUCK BY LIGHTNING,—Durinz the prcgress of heavy thunderitorn which passed over the locality ; hursclay iternoen and evening last, a cottage in the ,ecunation of Mrs. A. brierley, i Froc:Kbor, ua+s ,truck by a flash of lightninc. The chimney stack was Knocked down aud couridcgable damage was done to the wall. Fortunately uo one wag injured.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

MONDAY.

In the House of Commons on Monday Mr. BRYCE asked the Under Foreign Secretary whether the Government viewed with favour and would support a settlement of the affairs of Crete which should place the rights of the Assembly and the arrangements for the local autonomy of the island under the guarantee of the Great Powers of Europe. He did not think it would facilitate the un- animity of the Powers if he made any statement of the views of the Government. Mr. BRYCE asked when he would be able to make a statement. Mr.ConzoN replied that he made one last week, and that he saw no neces- sity to repeat it.

Str.Scorr asked the Colonial Secretary if his attention had been drawn to the notice reported as having been promulgated at Capetown decreeing outlawry against the insurgents in Rhodesia,and declaring that all natives remaining under arms should suffer the punishment of death: whether he could state by whose authority it was issued ; and whether it was to be taken as supersed- ing the decree of clemency recently issued by Sir F.Car- rington. In reply, Mr.CHAmniceLAIN said the rep,rt re- ferred to was inaccurate. Be had not yet received the exact text of the proclamation, but alter stating that natives bearing arms or aiding those with arms against the lawful authorities were liable to be apprehended as rebels, and upon trial and conviction might be sentenced to death or lesser punishment, it went on to say that in order to secure protection from those penalties they must surrender themselves immedi- ately, and that those who did so before the 10,h of August would not be proceeded against, unless they were ringleaders or had been concerned in any murder or outrage.

In reply to a question put by Mr. J. H. Roberts, Mr. CURZON read a telegram from Sir H. Kitchener stating that up to July 12 there had been 705 rases f-,f cholera on the Egyptian frontier and 479 deatt;s. During the two preceding days no case had occurred at Kosheh cr Akasheh, and it was hoped that the precautions tAken might prove successful in preventing any further spread of the disease.

On the order of the day for the second reading of the Agricultural Rates, Congested Districts, and Bore) Land Tax Relief (3cetland) Bill, Sir H. CAMPBELL-BANNERMAN moved as an amendment—" That this ti,use is of opinion that the money to be allocated to Scot! ind under this bill ought net to be applied almost exc:ukively tn the benefit of one class only of the people of Scotland." At midnight the debate was adjourned.

WEDNESDAY. In the House of Commons on Wednesday Sir William Harcourt subsequently obtained leave to move the ad- journment in order to call attention to the present posi- tion of public business. The practical question he wanted to ask was what the Government intended to do with reference to the Irish Land Bill. All the information they had at present was that four days were to be de- voted to the committee on tbe bill, and they ought, to have a declaration from the Government of how the Government intended to dispose of the remaining time before the prorogation. Mr. Cxamaximant, in the course of his reply, said there was good reason to believe that the work the Govern- ment had set themselves to do—he was not now speak- ing of the Irish Land Bill—would be accomplished by the time which had always been named as the probable ter- mination of the session. In the course of further remarks Mr. Chamberlain cbarrd Mr. Dillon with inconsistency, and said that if the bill had to be withdrawn the respon- sibility would rest with him. Consideration of the Finance Bill, as amended, was re- Burned. Mr.W.Jones's amendment to omit the 31st clause, by which it was proposed to remit so much of the land tax aa exceeded in any parish, is. in the pound, was re- jected by a majority of 155, and the bill passed the re- port stage, and was set down for third reading on Mon- day.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
THURSDAY.

In the House of Commons on Thursday, Sir U. Camp. BELL-BANNERMAN asked whether, in view of the judg- ment pronounced on Tuesday night by the representa- tives of Scotland upon the scheme proposed in the Scotch Rating Bill, 33 Scotch members having opposed it, while 24 supported it, the Government intended te proceed with the bill. Mr. BALFOUR replied that the principle underlying the question was to him an entirely novel one, and not one which he thoug!,t could be accepted. The House went into Commit:ee on the Irish Land Bill, resuming the consideration of clause 2, which ex- ceptedl certain holdings froir the provisions of the Irish Land Acts. Mr. M. HF.ALY moved to omit sub-section 3, which excepted from the benefits of the Land Acts town parks which adjoined a city and bore an increased value as accommodation land from ordinary holdings. Mr. G. BALFOUR accepted the amendment, which was carried by 261 votes to 122. Mr. Sairrx-BAnnv moved the omission of a sub-section of the same clause dealing with pasture holdings. The amendment was rejected by 293 votes to 54. Mr. CARSON moved that if a holding was divided into two parts the tenant should not have the power, unless with the consent of the landlord, to , surrender one portion only of the property. The amend- ment as rejected, and the second and third clauses were added to the bill.

In the House of Lords the EARL of ONsLow moved a resolution, similar to that recently passed in the House of Commons, that the ordinary pay of the Indian troops employed in the Soudan should be charged on the re- sources of India. Lord Salisbury remarked that the sum in question was mall, but it was a matter of prin- ciple. The question was the defence of Suakin). If Suakim had not been defended by the Indian taxpayers to the very small extent to which they were called into contribution, it must have been defended by the British taxpayers. Suakim meant the whole cf the southern littoral of the Red Sea, and did they mean to tell him that India had no interest in that ? Lord Rosebery de- fied anybody to connect the expedition against the dervishes with the in'erests of India, and he never had more satisfaction in his life in voting against a resolu- tion than he had in voting against that. The House divided, when there were—For the resolution, 92 against, 40; majority f, r. 52.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
EWN CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL OFFICES.

PRESENTATION TO THE COUNTY ACCOUNTANT In connection with the opening of the new county offices at Chester Castle, the Magistrates' Clerks of the county on Wednesday made a very pleasing presentation to Mr. James Williams, the county accountant, to mark his 30 years' service with the county. The present con- sisted of an illuminated address and silver lame. The address was as follows :—" We, the Magistrates' Clerks of the county of Chester, desire to express to you our cordial good wishes on your completion of thirty years' service in the work of the county, sand ask your accept- ance of the accompAnying lamp in testimony of our good will. Your long county services, first with the late Clerk of the Peace, and afterwards as county auditor and accountant, hive given you an experience and knowledge o; the oounty and its gnneral business to an extent which must have been of inestim- able advantage to the County Couneil and to the county generally. In your audit of the i.ecounts of fine% and fees we have Personally much appreciated your work, which you have performed win firm though kind courtesy, and we have alwaye found tou ready to give good advice and assistance in all questions pf an intri- cate character. We wish you much prosperity in your future work with the Cheshire County, and remain yours faithfully, John Ashton, Runcorn Div. ; William Mair, Prestbury Div. ; John Whitehead, Staly- bridge ; George Boydell, Broxton Div. ; Robert Bygott, Northwich Div. ; J. Fred. May, Macclesfield ; Thomas Cawley, Tarporley ; Henry L. Heade, Coueleton Div. ; J. Newell, Leftwich Div. ; G. J. Westhroote, Hyde Div.; Henry Roscoe. Knutsferd D v. ; W. H. Churton, Chester Castle Div. ; John If. Cooke, Over ; Godfrey A. Solbv, Wirral Div. ; Henry Greenall, Daresbury Div. ; C. E. Speakman, Crewe and Nantwich ; Joaeoh Harris, Altrincham Div. ; George Sproston, Congletai ; Charles Edward Lake, Suckport Div. ;j. L. Trafford, Eddis- bury Div. ; Thomas Brownson. ifyde.” In reply to the deputation,. Mr. Williams said, after expressing his thanks for the pleasing gift, that looking down the vista of the past, he wae reminded of many I and great changes which had tar o place, particularly in that county, since he came to its public LueinesF. 30 years ago, the greatest chanee beitie the est-Ibis:el:lent of the County Council, which Ve tliouglA w :r 'weld with matters of very great importance for the, i entre welfare of the county. He reeeonbered with pleasure many of the things done during ee time of the late clerk of the peace, Mr. Charles Williare r les, who was a retest able and conscientious county P v io. And one of the earliest and most important o the,.• matters was the change then effected for the pa uont, of the magisl'rates' clerks by salary in lieu of fees, aed which, as [nee had proved, had given svery satisfaction; and contributed greatly to the easier administration oi the law. With regard to the performance of their wore.:, he thonglit the magistrates' clerks themselves were :ileeivs most a exious to discharge the dutiel efficiently,7irel Were guided by the highest principlpa in the performenee of them. And the manner in which they kept their accountleas well as the despatch in which the Petty Sess'oes rnenevs are paid ever to the County Fund would bear favourable comparison with any other county. The party afterwerd; inspected the courts and build- ing, and saw the alterations whirls have been made.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
LYAIM.

HOMlNG.—Succrss or I.IIIM I:irta.,.—ln the receot race trcm Benue,. a :listacwe ot 368 wiles, promoted by the Maucheeter Fve Cab,i:Ne pigeo. sef Mr. Moore,of Lyuim, played s prourneoLi, rt. Tin, earliest arri-zals were :—let, Mr. Moo^e, of Lvrani, 1,473 ; 2r.(1, Mr. Bancroft,of Nrthizi, Mocity 1,443 ; 3,0. Mr. J. T. Howarth, of B',ack,F, • veloci• v 1,416 ; 4',, Mr. fidcore, of Lymm, velocky 1.49 : sh. Mr. G4,.11, of Gorton Brook, velwiti 1 ; aud 81,h, Mr. Brolh, of Maceleefield, velocity

COTTAGR HOSPITAL FOR RUNCORN.—The RUNCORN CYCLE CLUB will hold a GRAND FLOWER CARNIVAL and LANTERN PARADE o WEDNESDAY NEXT, 22sso INST.,. at 7.15 p.m., in aid the above object. All cyclists and friends of the cause re

cordially invited to take part. A short CONCERT will be held in the PRIMITIVE METHODIST SCHOOLROOM immediately after the parade. Artites, Mies CLARA TAYLOR, Miss HEATHRINGTON. Mr. FRANK CRAW FORD, Humourist, Crowe. For particulars see programme.

yRS EVANS and FAMILY beg most sincerely . 1 to thank their many friends for sympathy in their late bf reavern,nt, especially the Volunteers for the mark of friendship and respect shown for r . -, - their late comrade on Sundly last. . ,

ITOUSE, 56, Bewsey-road. good Large House, 4 bedrooms. 2 sitting-roams, kitchen and eellar, rent £lB.—Apply 39, BRIDGR-STBERT, Warrington.

BRILLIANT GLASS CUTTERS Wanted —Apply to BAxENDALE AND CO., Miller-street, Manchester.

WANTBD, a respectable GIRL, 16 or 17, as HOUSE- HELP.—AppIy 745, ROCHDALE-ROAD, Queen's Park, Manchester.

Xtr ORECABIBB.—PubIic and Private Aprartments, Misses Lvi ODDY, 45. Claremont-read, West bed. Two minutes from sea. Good cooking.

(INAZY P ‘TCHWORK.—PrPtty Silks and Velvets, as 1..) sorted, 80 pieces is., carriage paid.--110WE, 53, Derby road, Nottingham.

na Humber pattern DIAMOND. p;rallei top bnr, lace tangent spokes, balls to all narts, non-slipping detach- aole tyres, new, all ace:ssonts, £B.-58, Merzies-street, Dingle, Liverpool.

MOULDERB.—Wanted. thr.e good Jobbing Moulders.— Apply HINDSFORd FouNnirr, Tyldeeley.

ANreUrnencae.— strirmg LIRD}I.I.., Ll 6 tl?hleB,3faoarrifutirfutosne,; good ton.

BLACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS, with or without Board; terms moderate ; tra.ms pass door.—MBB. JOHNSON. 86, Lytham-road.

IXTANTED, good GENHFIAL SIiNVA.NT for farmhouse.— Y Apply Ma.. GELLIAG. Eltonhead Hall, Sutton. St. Helene.

WANTED for S. John's Infant School, Blackburn. an enPrgetic Ex. P. T., salary £4o.—Apply MisTREsS.

'UT ANTED General SERVANT, of about 30, for family o 1 V three ; good character indispensable; Protestant pre- ferred•—Apply by letter, MrB. ScßUzaz, 43, Clyde-road, Didsbury.

\A TANTE].) a goad GENERAL SHRVANT. where another V is kept. Must be able to wait at table. No washing. Wages £l5, age about 25 : must have good referenoes.—Ap- ply GEORGE W. YAP?, Lily Hill. Whltefieldi Manchester.

pARISH OF ST. JAMES', LATCHFORD.- NOTICE is HEREBY GIVEN, that application is intended to be made to the Consistory Court of the Lord Bishop of Chester, which will be held within the Cathedral at Chester, on THURSDAY, the 30th of JULY instant, at 12 o'clock, at noon, for a Faculty authoriziog the Removal of the GALLERIES, and the making of certain other Altera- tions and Improv x3nte in the said Church. All persons claiming any right or interest in the Pews or Sittings in the Galleries of the said Churek,*may appear at the said Court, with reference thereto.

Dated the 16th Day of July, 1896. THOMA, ARTHUR FLETCHER, 33, Bastirate Row. North Cheater. Proctor for the Vicar and Churchwardens of Et. James', Latchford.

ETAN E'

SUMMER SALE

SATURDAY. JULY 25TH,

AND FOLLOWING DAYS.

IMMENSE REDUCTIONS

IN EVERY DEPARTMENT.

EVANS',

175 SANKEY-STREET,

WARRINGTON,

TEA! TEA ! ! TEA !! !

HENRY MILLING AND CO., LTD.

ARE KILL OFFERING TEA AT IS. PER LB.

Unequalled in Value. WARRINGTON " POPULAR " TEA, ls. 4 1. per lb. lib. pat-cies and upwards, 19.2 d. per lb. FANCY CANISTERS containing lib. of Excellent Tea,

is. 4d and le. 64. each. PURE CANE SUGARS for pre,terving.

5, lIORSEMARKEI-STREET,

AND . CORPORATION-STREET, W ARRIIN OWN.

W. H ODGKINSON'S

SUIiMER SALE

===== 0002601_18960718_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
COMMENCES

WEDNESDAY, JULY BTH,

===== 0002601_18960718_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
UPWARDS OF

cti.,500 WORTH OP STOCK,

===== 0002601_18960718_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSISTING OF

SILKS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION,

1) REES FABRICS,

A. lANTLES, CAPES,

JACKETS, COSTUMLS,

ILLINERI, ' LADIES' OUTFITTING, FANCY DRAPERY. IfOSIERY, GLOVES, HOUSEHOLD DRAPERY, &c., &c., WILL BE OFFERED FM.: SALE. The WHOM; SWICK la rer;ectly F3ESII, and near;y all this se•Lson'a purchase.

A AND _ 138 ‘,74 In, 4 _ RIDGE STET,

W

===== 0002601_18960718_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
said " Don't follow as.”—John Sinnett gave similar evidence to Sullivan. Witness got 3d. f the money. Gibbons went after he had put the tobacco in the beer.— PC. Burns said from information he apprehended the prisoners on the 3rd July and charged them Wood said he knew nothinm about 355. he °ivy got 2s. Sher- rock said he only got 3s. Gibbons made no reply. He did not doubt the statement that Gibbons was not in the habit of going to the prosecutor's piece. After the court the pre- vious week Gibbons said" I had something to do with it. I hasl 3s.of the money."—Mr. Riley urged that the tobacco was merely put in tbe beer by Gibbons as a joke. From the evi- dence he thought they would see that Gibbons left before the attack upon the prosecutor, and he was overtaken on his way home by the others who gave him the 3s. He appealed to the Bench to deal leniently with Gibbons. He was not an habi- tue of the pla,e. and he had been seven days in Strangeways gaol since the adjournment. He promised to behave well in the future.—The Bench retired to consider their decision; and on their return announced that they .reated the case under the First Offenders Act, and bound all over to appear when called upon.—Mr, Riley said that in seven days the aid man would receive his money back. Snot. THEFT BF 1 TRLYP.—Patrick M'Dermott,no address, was charged with stealing a knife value 6d , the eroperty of Mary Birch ill, Newton. on the 9th inst. Mrs. Birehail is a shoo.teeper, and the evidunce went to prove that P.C. Scho- fie'd saw the prisoner coming out of the complainant's sho with the knife in his hand. He arrested him and complain- ant identified the knife as her property.—Prisoner was sent e gaol for 14 days' hard labour.

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, JULY lB, 1896

===== 0002601_18960718_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS.

IVlostruy.—Before Messrs. T. Rigby. and F. J. Norman. INFRINGEMENT or THE MARKET Acts.—Ellen Sheen and Annie Riley, both of Oscroft, were charged with infringing the Runcorn Market Act, on August 24th, by selling a marketable article outside the market without h .ving a hawk -r's license or paying market tells. Mr. F. A. Lake pro- secuted on behalf of the District Council who lodged the ceera- plaint. William Garrett market inspector. prow d seeing the defendants hawking strawberries in Greenway-road, and Irwell-lane. They were not licensed hawkers and had not, paid any tolls. They had come from Oscroft. and Riley* father came last year to the market and had paid tolls to him. —The defendants pleaded that they had not been to Runcorn before and William Riley defendant Riley's fathce gave evid- ence to that effect. They did not know the market inspector or they would have paid the tolls. Defendants were fined 6d. each and 10s 6d. costs. CLAIM FOR MAINTAININCE.—EIizabeth johnson again applied for a mlintainaneeorder, against her husband Charles Johnson whom she alleges she was compelled to leave owing to his aruelty towards her. The case had been adjourned several tlmes in order to give the wife opportunity of proving means on the husband's side.—Mr.F. A. Lake appeareci for the defendant and pointed out that the ease had been adjourned from time to time owing to the de' endant's health which was no better. He considered they were entitled to hare ths case settled either one way or the other and thus stop it from dragging GE front time tc time.—Mr. Johnson explained to- the -nagistrates that if the case was dismissed complainant could g ,oe the town relief and tbe Guardians would then press dgendant for maintainance. The case was dismissed. UNLICENSED DOGS John Bolton. of WeAon. was fined ss. and costs for keeping a dog without a license.—Joseph Shaw, of Clifton near Weston, for a like offence, had to pay 7s. 6d:. and coats. _ .

SCHOOL tiTTEND4NCE CASE.---Robert Thomas, of Weston, was fined 5s (6d. and 4s. 6d. costs) for neglecting to send his child to school. _ _

A FLATMAN'S CLAIM FOR W AGES. —Betl4aMill Jame!, a flatman, of :9 Beaumont-et., Widnes. claimed 17s. for Intianee of an account for send .es rendered. from John Waterworth, of 47 B •,ntyre-st , Runcorn.—Mr. Allen defended.—Claimant said he was a mate on the flat "John and S 'rah " of which defendant was the captain. The account he had submitted was correct. It amounted to £5 out of which he had received £4 35., leaving a balance of 17s. which he now cialmrd was owin.t to him —For the defence J.ihn Waterworth said the defendant acted as his mate. There was no agreement as to wages, none being needed as they went on the usual terms. Ti,ey took €0 tons of coal out to Wales, not a full cargo wh ch was 95 tons and they brought a cargo back with them. For the r 'Lind trip £4 was the regular money. and he gave defendant 3s. extra for gling to Warrington with the boat. lie was entitled only to £4. and he had been paid £4 38. Jos-ph Abel, a flat master, of 15 yea is' standing rowed that the usual price for the round trip to Wales was Et and his laiit payment to the mate on his own at was £3 5a., and the man was perfectly satisfied. —John Cooke, the mate referred to by the previous witness proved that he received £3 Sc. for the r.iund tip. The case was dismissed. Ditr'NK AND DISORDERLY.—John Darcy Was fined 10s. and costs for being drunk and disorderly in Reg n.t-st. on Situ- day night.—ja.mes Robirlpon was chated with teing drunk and disorderly on the 270 E April in Bridge st., and was fined ss. and costs.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
"ROT-GUT."

STRIKING i.o.ONSTAHLE WITH A BRlCK.—giChael Burke, Friar's Green, was charged with being drunk and disorderly In Friar's Green on Tuesday evening; he was further charged with assaulting P.C. Fish.—P.C. Fish stqed that on the evening IR question he saw &readmit drunk. He wts be- hming in a disorderly manner and his brother took him away after be had refused to go. Witness followed him to Friar's Green and there threatened to lock him up. D,feud- ant took up two bricks and ttempted to throw one at him. He struck him on the neck with one of the bricks.—Defend- ant was sent to gaol for one month's hard labour.

(A STARTLING NARRATIVE, THE TRUTH OF WI:MEC LS VOI,CHED FOR BT WM. ALEXANDER, SOUTHEND-ON•SEA.) Lately my old friend Rowton called on me. `.He had been a long time in the Colonies. •Of Course he told me about his adventures. He had had several narrow es- capes from death, and when I congratulated him, he laughed and said, "Yes, I've had one or two shaves, but never enough to get really scared." "Cuing," i answered, "what about that cave you were in in North Q ieenslan& when you didn't dare too ee foe fear. of the •arekes inside, or leave it because of the black fellows waiting to eat you outside ?" "That was bad," he re- plied. "but it was only for two days and I never quite lost bope. Now, I came across a much worse case.where a man was face to face with death, not for two days., nor twenty, but for over a hundred. Fancy death sit- ting, lying, eating, drinking and sleeping with you for moeths ;no respite from anxiety, no chance of forget- ting your doom, no fleshes of hope, no rush of action or use for energy, only a constant despairing attempt to hope foredoomed to fail I. Ah, old chap, that is torture that can break the courage of the proudest and most self-reliant." "An awful picture,'? I said, WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT. but of course it's all imaginary." "No," he an- FRIDAY. --Before Alderman Harrison (chairman), Councillor swered, "it's fact, and the fear the man felt was Roberts and Dr. Gornall. all due to a physical cause, and was so intense that his ' FALSE ATTESTATION BY A. SOLDIER.-John Taylor was look made one shudder with pity and horror." "You charged with making false attestation for en:istment iu the rd South Lancashire Militia by stating that he had not served ere piling ic on," I said, " let's hear all about it.' In the army, whereas he was serving in the 3rd Bettalion " W. 11." he replied," don't make fun of me, like most Cheshire Regirnent.-lie pleaded guilty.-His charac"er sheet other folks who think they're clever. Remember I've seen was produced by an officer from the Barracks.-He was fined the thing and you haven't." I wondered at his heat sor a month's hard labour. and promised to believe anything he told mo. Thar he HUsal ,ND V. WIFE AGAIN.-Richard Hassall,Bastock-street, wen'. nn.-" This case was about a patent medicine ? " Was summoned before the Court again. -Mr. Browne said I grinned audibly,but he abut me up. saying. "You're that the defendant had not sent an" goods back though he had promised his wife he would return them to her. He said just liko the rest, and as wrong tOo. Did you never they were rubbish. Really they were good furniture and hear of ' Forty-Red-Rot-Gut ?' " "No," said I. "- is nearly new.-Defendant said he could not return the goods it. a special kind of fishing line r' "In a way it is," he as he had no work.-The magistrates eventually adjourned went on. "store-keepers use it to fish for sovereigns the case for a fortnight in order that he might have further with and the Devil for catching men's souls." " What opportunity of returning the goods or buying new ones. He do you mean ?" I exclaimed. "it's what passes as -was liable for 3 months otherwise. whisky up country in the Colonies." he continued, "and' WIFE DEsERTIoN.-Henry Miller, Wellfield-st., was sum- moned tor deserting his wife since the let March, 1894.-Mr. it name means that it kills at 40. rods. It's fearful J, Longland appeared for plaintiff. He said the parties had tackle, but the poor fellows have to drink it or nothing, been married seven years last January, and lived together for and as they are nearly all in debt to the store-keeper, he some 'line. Later, he did not supply her with food but only sees they. do drink it, and after a time the beastly brought home what he ate himself. On one occasion she ate __ stuff creates a craving for it. Now what I'm going to 'Knee of his food and gave some to her child. In consequence be said he would never bring any more to the house, and he NEWTON-PETTY SESSIONS, tell you happened at Waipukurau, an up-country vill'age • in the Province of Flawke's Bay,in the North Island„New did not do so. He afterwards advertised the goods for sale Saerneney.-Before Mr. P. J. Gillespie (chairman), Mr. C. Zealand. .1 was working there for a spell in a saw-mill. and sold them. She tken came to an agreement with him to B. Fl 3 rron, Col. Wood, Mr. J. W. Emmett, and Captain receive 6a. 6d. a week. This he paid for a time, but eventu- Withington. Elev. was a young shepherd named Sinclair on a neigh- ally ceased, and she, therefore, came to the Court for assist- DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.-The fol'owing persons . were b :urine run, who came occasionally to the village for a .ance.-Mr. Browne. defended, and said defendant had been dealt with for being drunk and disorderly in various town- fling. It was awful to see him lower the yellow poison e -unable t pay his wife, but he had no desire to get out of ships on divers dates : -Mary Venables.New.o -., Reed 2s. 6d. We tried to curb him, but the lonely spells with the his liability to her. He suggested that they should 1 and costs; Annie Woods, Newton. was fled 2•. 6d. and made erelayment necessary when with human go on under the old arraneement.-Mr. Longton said if thy ceists ; John Twist. Goiborne. fined 10s. end coats; Thome &leen; did it as outdo:n:oy have to come before them again* Defend- I Duffey, flayclocke2 .s. 6d. and costs • Peter Reny Newton, "beiegs.and that meant ' booze.' We got him to loin the ant.hed never offered to take his wife back. They would like I 25.6 d. and costs ; Michael Higgins.Golborim, fined 2s. 6.1. Foresters. Hartley, the secretary, often advanced Sin- e, judicial separation.-Emme Miller gave evidence in end costa, rieir the money to pay his subs., or he must have fallen support of her solicitor's statement Defendant was last em- DRUNK IN CHARGE.-For being drunk whit in cearge of out and been worse off than he was. His collapse didn't ployed at the Royal Court Hotel. She was without food fro a hor e and lurry in Winwiek on the 3rd July, John Jones crime all at once, but finally he had to come to town to .a month and had to be supported, by her sisters and friends, was fined ss. and costs. be 4nctrered,and the good old Foresters weighed in with -When she at took some of his food he threatened her OriscRNITY.-Henry Evans, Barlestown was cheesed with we • a pound a week' . i that he would sell the home up. He said she woold have to using obscene language in Rarlestovrn on the 4t• July in a • ' thought that didn't go far on 'R t- :go out and work. When he sold the furniture he gave her certain public place.--Mr. H. J. Longton appeared for the Gut ! Then we made him go into liospital,and Dr. Reed ..ta under compulsion. He had paid her several sums weekly defendant and pleaded not guilty.---The police evidence did his level best for Sinclair for about three mooths.ne- .but ha' sow ceased and had not paid anything to her for showed that defendant was in Bank_sereet, egarieseowe, on til the poor fellow could only jest sit up for one hour three months She could not depend on him paying under the date in question With a crow iof men ast.emb ed for daily, end was all swollen up -with droleeve an agreement and wanted an order.-Mrs Berry. Wellington- gambling. They were asked to go away and die with the What did the doctor say he had? Why, Bright's otreet, said she had provided complainant with food for a exception of oefendatit, who mud the language cornelainent Disease of the Kidneys in about the worst morith"te. ore her-kerne was broken up and afterwards gave of. -Mr. Longton said defendant we, not in the street hut on poesitile form. Before the end of tha fourth hers home.-Mr.Browne said complainant was in receipt of . a piece of building land behind his hoes waiting for the month, doctor tells him it's all up, he must die. Poo lie. 3, . a week by her own work and his client 155.-The return of some homing pigeons. He never ma,' e a bet in his' , Bench tirade an order for defendant to pay 5s a week ard life and was one of the most resp.ctable men in Earle no old Sinclair, clair, his original sweetness of disposition had granted a j dicta separation, with the child to be in the At the time in question he never used Wascene lanzu•ge come back to him after a few weeks of protection Iron) wife's curtaiy.-An advocate's fee of 10s. 6d. was granted to the corlstable.-The magistrates fined defendant is, and drink ;he just turned a bit more ashen, and said. 'W.4I, !Ir. Lelenend. colts. . Doc., since I must die,l would like to get to Canterbury. Qua , Et. BETWEEN GIRLS -Sarah Ann Fairhurst. Little QuARRELS BETWEEN WOMEN.-Harriet Jones was charged see my mother first and die at home.' The good id'eo nee i , liVeire Buttermeeketestreet, was charged w;th assaulting with assaulting Frances Jane Wells, on the 4th July st New Rai ihe would see what be done.th bole ' u ough he doubted Atce Ai aly, 12 Hilt-street, on the sth July.-Complainant ton; she was also charged with heaking Mrs. Wells' spel-• if Sinclair could stand the jeurney. Then the hoes and said defeleiehe struck her and pulled her hair because she Itaeles, and doing damage to the extent of Us 6i. There . . well. tried to rescue her little brother feom defendant's brother.- was a cross-summons against. 'Mrs. Wells for assault tag Mrs. Hartley behaved Two of us toek Sinclair in a kind Mr. arfasou : Where did she strike ynn ? Complainant 'At Jones.-Mr. Longton defended Mrs. Wells, and Mr. Swift et. of ambulance the hundred odd miles to Port Napier Mary • t cfrommoak's door. (Laughter )-Mr. /I terieon Helens. defen led Mrs. Jones -Mr. Longton sal ' the quarrel Thence we shipped bin] to Lyttleton, in Canterbury, and oast ee) . Yes but nivwhat part of tee b 'fly? (Lltughter.)- arose through a daughter of Mrs. Jones m 'king a noise he was taken on by rail a coup)! of hundred mile. to Cornpi de-int :In my eye..-The defendant WAS bound over by whet ling a barrow in front of complainant's house. 00/6, erhere his mother lived. She, poor creature was beside 'for a x months and oriered to pay 10s. costs. plainant -skid her to desist, and Mrs. Jones lb it enterfere , herself with grief, and called in her own medical r'Aia.s. A VinTEF is SUMMONED BY HER DAUGHTER FOR ASSAULT, ant attempted to strike Mrs. Wells with the ba..-row. She fp, silo,* his head and said, ' They'Yedoneall that's Vs -Mary Id I, aged 14, summoned Harriet Hill. her mother, then tore her dress, and nulled off her speetaele.s.win h were . • for assaulting her on the I.9th July.-Corrplainant said her thus broken, and took them to her home -M-s.t W ' ukurau I d Wells and.' table for *ham a alp . can ono mere.' But mu e her it her on the day in question without cause. Her her son corroborated.-Mr. Swift said that when Mrs. Jones 1 the poor mother's grief was so great that at last the &ea- mothe , said a basin had been broken and they were charged went across to tell her dang,iter to wheel Oaa b it-ow. Mrs. tor came out with this :---` Look here, Mrs. Sincleir, its with it. liar in other hit complainant.-Sergeant Claantier Welts slant, ked her fele. Her spectacles weep ei 0 knocked ' not professional, but I must tell you this, inind you, it's teed di •nu beed of defendant had instructed his daughter to uft His client was obliged to see he doctor on a cennt. of the a very, slender chance indeed, none at all, to my thinking sum ,on h:s wire for the assault.-The Chairman said it was general shifting she received.-Amy Jones sunportei Mr. . • for your son'akidneys are d-ne for in my °Orli-an. Bee an extra rtheary state of things for a child to summon her ;• wilt's statement. - The Bench henna Loth defend- own or ~11 r Defendant was given a bad character and ants over, anti disabowed any damage to the spec- cures of Brieht' Fee. sp I've heard of some marvellous ae a . Peorni 0,1 t, sign the oledge.-The can=e was adjourned for a mates, - Teresa Jones was onarged with assault_ ,y Warner's Safe cure. I can't recommend you to try it, moor in order to sea whist 8113 would do. ing Mary Donoghue at Earlestown, on th-• 9th July.-,1 134 you can pleaee yourself.' She did try it; Sinelair hlo I DA.Y.-Before the Mayor (eha rrPen). Mr. F. Monks Mrs. Donoghue said that defendant struck ti,r with a. poker said it didn't *irk like magic or any nonsense like that, and Alderman Harrison. end then attacked her with a knife Comp bent put nP, but that gradually ha found he was not gereino wore', was cut. open. Defendant. meeet to AN OLD OFFENDER'S. RErURN. •-eoclelia Knockton was her band and it the second time shelled e ' mu 'tar then bn began to get better.""Sinclair,"eaid L"tiatan you tt •eic,l hor.-Mrs. .chartit...l wVI boing drunk and disorderly in Haydoek-s' re I, her. and • his ws ald defenciant hit his went te see him before he died ?" "Not a bit," answered s mother en the heed at 19. 5 ,•1 Sunday morning-She Wearied guilty - Donoghue's son 81cut her hand and her lac ih t . Rowton, "he dropped down on us at the sa•a-mill at P.C. J.1,1f,‘ sr ated the circumstances of the eves, which wers wi. h s piker en, I'd d,d itte .I. 1w ' h• keite.- ~ . . . • • of n,di ' are character. And said that her father vegeed nee Mr. longtoe de en an m .the. row And that Ins " • aiporrurau within six months of the day We car c.' pre yen! of ei• rrirss to lock prim ier up.-The magistrat s were chant had a kid ein her hand. See never n-... 1 it and was him away to die, and he was as-well as ever agtde., r ea., intorm.. ':,h t prisoner was not long ago a weleknener, cutting bread with it when theilnerowes Tonrimt;:ene'd". He knew better, for the craving for • Rot,Gut,' had left him. Yee. nothing about the rokere . del' In,r deni d rou are eh..r.o. •rio • he town This was her 69th appearance. Fo: right; the district was astonished, especially t' e fa d t - that the knife was used.-De en ft. 'ism flied Sc. and doctors itt the •.s ~ ;ears she had been in '!.itannhester anti there was thu or 0 ie., ly no record of Ler offences between 1894 a .c 1 c°3,e-e• HES (IF THE PEACE.-Pe.er . t Travis ana Jo In -a en Tatturn 1295 - fYiaensr. wha anti-awed very repentant, said she "sEk' won ~ s, a ght back to Manchester if the bench would let were charge.' wite co r m.tt ing a breach of the pea ein O&- Juncif - The m,gistretes remanded the ease sine d.te, for borne on ti'e 27th June. lie.h pleaded gu lee and were prier.l .to .. ova the town. . bound over for three months.-Jehn Pet burst , qayth„, Kin I:cr.-111.0 Hurst, 23 Baek-st., Daniel Falling- Deft y. Mager t leorerose, wets charged with commit:ln n, a • • Ii ster) and Michael Rowan, 42 Witkin-at., were too ( • ..• • . sirs hr offence in Hayd .ek, and were d<alt, with in a like • I. '.,-,.. e the bench for sleeping out i n the premises of manner. ~ , and, ltolleston-&t., on 61in.lay morning.-The Fcaoni, eARE.-C•troline Hayes wit e fined es. for not reed e, i mally been one of being on en.desei pr, ' tug her children regularly to school. • , ~. cii ma intent. hut this the Chic! Coestanl. had THE 'HEFT FROM AN ARMY P MST revan.-Patrick Woods, wi is as there/was no canae fo su tpect the Prisoners V i hid Ciii' b.ins -William Shsrrock, and l'eter Brown, were t,w spi overl the ease. -Two of the de e.ldarat eh rged wth stealing from 49. Hailwav-rnad. Vitrlo'-‘quar . „ iii , tip to - Southport of Thursday no lire Earlestown, 36s an i two•tobacco boxes bet wren 9 oil le .'. eel them and arranged for their to b. sent, oft 't o'clock on the 2nd July. the tiro nteity of J. ho ertlie trip this e te Hu . '-rst promised to go to a Walsh. -Woods ind Brown pleaded guilty •iel Gibbons and s tut in -'Mr. Taylor's charge. Nharrock not guilty;--Mr. i-i ft..ey, :I. iWen t, tipoeared, ~; (,;„; ()spEns. --The mogistrates Lea is the fogey.-- for Gibbons. -livi ence Milli ar to that of last week was , • • the maintenance of chtlniren oe the ship givsn by walsh, fie did not know who it was that. held him, I ,ii., ,la,,tieig,. 3, nyiaede-e-ird. le. p 'l' week . i!..nd. twos, his Q., ,iey........w,ilimn Sully' .n .32, •Paitatietvh-st.: . *He 'town,a said on the nigh' in question he' waa with Woids ~ ad a 13" "me" shire tt. lhey ay..nt to on ;Bi-rotor's nous., and GlibLons .., r:i. - Mrs. Wi,slow's Seothing Syrup has +seer: .or - • hit oek and Browne o,,Te io.. 'Cale) 'PIA some leer a d Glebons s • k n I. 1 -If.a, enier, rte into It ~ ,a. by millions of mothers fo theirele nen e. , pr.ti . i i ii-rr .ek &tea-wards he ',oh lid into' , ', perteci success It will relieve th.. ,- t 'tillers' . le him and Difas-ile puf 11/ , . . pocket an i took sf ars I. c,: ea (air , flt. ' iill,'e9 iv lt,,tifi pleassnt, t" f 'Late ; • Pr","`." ; ot. a shi lin •a I the ' ' . ' • (lid fit.' ' n ... e a rehiring the chile from paln, si..l f,, ut e-re.st, of it , a.cs ap-tile,l ,irr 4•11.- the , I pri • nem. Broane teok the ',none* 'nil - ~ocls tt.o% th ..• ..,, , ''an bright as a butte:2." t '' es. Vele , tebecco box • • ' ' • e When IN ison. rs g.l‘e witness the shiling the . per hottle.—Advt. - y

MINING AND FINANCIAL NEWS.

bro , ckv rrtic don.' of i, hi 1 bOtt.:4 for tor,

Extr s ' 1

i 'FOE NIEKERK GOLD MINES. i What shall Vt..‘ i 1.,) with our millions 4s a moot r•JHt , I now en,..r.igiNv lie att,ntion of many speculai:ors 7-h' have ~,.en, lPard and read of the fortur.s that •kr, ;-e Total l7 made in the K,lflir market last voar, an 1 it is stat 3 io ' WykTON v. WIDNES WHITE ROSE.—At Weston on ; relithle cireir !i; that last year is but a shadow 01 , ~.(1 , r S 'ore : hoo'rn that is to be shortly upon tic Among the iri-les WHITE EOSE. WFBTON. tint are attracting attention is the Ni kcrk Gold Wi ‘e, Wilco ke, bJ A Pendle- Lightfoot c Wall b Eadler 0 a prof-wily which Tioi,ecims conglomerate reefs coritAte- bury 7 W Pendlebury run out... 0 5 4 J 14:b Sa 1 in', nowardA of 1,800.000 tons of ore, essaviog from 1 ,-0 W .1, b J Tudor 1J IC Tudor 0 Tudor on b Wall 3oz, ti !he. ton. A director who has visited !he prot,:!rtv . ..acl' r )- '' ****** • ini: 1 bJ E Tudor l2 Jackson e- Barber b Smith 12 wille4 to 'fp " Daily G,iphic, " of the 9'h inst. -I,,at . 8 , 'd,vie,,nds of nowards of 50 per cent. may 1 looker' Vr. j Tile eY c Mitcheson b J Hope b Ea her A Pendlebury 4 Bankes b Smith 0 Tbe shares u,hieii before the Jameson raid worn 2?,,.. ; n ' ed -Inn e and t)J E Tudor U Fow es b Barber 1 or w 1,,• oureli,sed tor 151 6. P., No. bJ 14 Tudor 1 C Pendlebury c Wilcock 11. y Tint Out... ______ --- -- en.i.. bJ A Pendlebury... 1 J Tudor not, .uit 1 -DUPT(Till.lq.--REYNOLDF,' Patent Impel C•kpi :.1..!e . t),‘ en bJA Pendlebury ... 0 3 A Pendlebury b Barber 0 : I 11, In•limiiiher Stem Pal TRINS. Vnitable in all c• s -C. 1.;,.i ev J A Petidiebury 0 i' erseet Fit Ensured. Write Or out fo, pari.ieulars Extras 2 , RNYNOI.,DS, 10, Slate -rent (a f-w do irs Bold-sttect,), ' ' Liverpool. Open o Saturday until 7 (~..in.—advt

Total 56

Extras 3

Total 3l

Total 32

===== 0002601_18960718_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON COUNTY PETTY SESSIONS.

Before Captain Withington (in the chair), Mr. S. R. Armit- age, and Mr. William Houghton. Onsnweriox.--Thomai Weleby, Willi tm Whittle, and Michael Brierley were charged with having. on th.., 9th July caused an obstruction on the highway at Poulton.—Defend- ants admitted the offence, and were each fined 2s. 6d, and costs. _ _

RIPING ON THE FOOTPATEL—Thomas Barlow, residing at Penketh, was fined Is. and costs for riding a bicycle on the foolhpath ASLEEP WHILST IN CHARGE OF A WAGGON.--John Ford. of Sankey, was charged with baying been sale p whilst in charge of a horse and waggon at Great Sankey. on Friday last.—The case was adjourned until the next court day, to enable the defendant to appear. _

- DLMAG(NG WHEAT.—A. number of lads, named Philip Code, W Deacon, H. Arnold. Ben Arnold. and J. Trout. were summoned by Mr J. Johnson. of Yenketh. for dam-ging hia wheat which adjoins the highway, to the extent of 6d Mr. Johnson stated that the lads halt caused him a great deal of trouble. They often went into the field and caused gre damage —They were fined ss. 6d each including coAs.

NEIGHBOiraa' DISTURBANCE.— Itary Evan; was sum- moned by Sarah Woolley for committ!ng an assault upoi her on the 14th July. at Sankey Bridges. .vir. Browne appeared for the complainant, and Mr. Davies for the defendsnt Annie Clark also sum- moned Sarah Woolley for an assault, alleged to have been Committed upon her on the same date.—lt appears all the part es reside at Sankey. and the quarrel arose when com- plainant's and defendant's daughters were playing together with other girls. A brick or stone was thrown and Annie Clark threw it back. The parents of the girls crossed the road, and it is alleged that certain threats wPre used, and Mrs Woolley prevented a fight taking pla e betw,-en their husbands.—viary"Bvans was bprind over to k ep the- pe ,ce towards the complainant for three mon: h; —The cum against Saran Woolley. brought by Annie Clark, was dismissed.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
MOST READERS

Have had some experience of sick rooms, either as patients or attendants. How many such are there who have not felt the weakness or debility which follows the sickness, more discouraging than even the weakness it- self? Though the disease may have given way before the timely application of proper remedies, and though,in consequence, no immediate danger is to beapprehended, the slow progress towards convalescence is very dis- heartening to patient and attendant alike.

Hew often do we hear people say :—" Yes. The fever ,has left him. He is free from any immediate danger. •Bull he is so weak. If only he could regain strength ! " This debilitating effect of fever and other diseases is 'indeed a great source of anxiety to medical men as well as to their patients; and anything which would tend sdirectly to shorten the period between the departure of the fever and the complete recovery of strength would be naturally welcomed by both doctors and patients. This is one of the reasons why Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is so popular, why doctors prescribe it so largely, why chemists sell it so generally, why patients have re- course to it so readily, and why everybody has a good word to say for it. Not only does it attack the disease in its stronghold, not only does it drive the evil from the system, but it gives back directly the strength of which the system has been deprived by illness; it infuses new life into the blood, and the recovery of health and strength, instead of being, as it otherwise would be, dis- couragingly slow, intermittent, and uncertain, becomes, when this excellent medicine is resorted to.encouragingly rapid, regular, and certain. It is therefore confidently recommended as an unrivalled tonic medicine, and may be safely used by all who suffer from any form of weak- ness or debility from whatever cause it may arise. Mr. 3. Tom), of 107, Laxton-street, New Brompton, Chatham, writing to a friend. says :

"I thank you very much for sending me the GWILYM Everts' Brrreus 'handbill. I have taken two bottles, a 2s. 9d. and a 4s. 6J. It has done me more good than anything I had ever tried before, and I am so pleased with it that I shall recommend it to every one who comes to see me."

Gzeilynt Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic, sold by all Chemists and Pateut Medicine Vendors in the Kingdom. Used everywhere; praised by everybody. Agents in all parts of world. Prices—Bottles 23. 9d., 4s. 63., cases of three large bottles 123. 6d. Sent at above prices free to any address, by parcel post, direct from the Proprietors--

QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING Co., LTD., LLANELLY, SOUTH WALES.

Thomas Griffiths, 4, Btierley-street, Is. per week; and John I Waddington, /6, St. James'-street, 4s, per week. A Poacaxa •IN TROUBLE.—George Sephton, of 4, Back Stamford-street, made his 19th Appearance before the magis- trates and was, charged with having on the Bth July, when searched,by the polico.been in poJsession of nets and pegs for the purpose of catching game, and also in possession of two rabbits.—Defenriant pleaded guilty, but banded to the magis- trates a letter signed by a Mr. Birchall giving the defe..dant permission to catch game on his land.—P 0. Corbett stated that on the previous Wednesday morning he was on duty in Longford-street in company with P.C. Lewis when they saw the defendant coming from the direc- tion of Orford. He appeared to be very bulky about the pookets, and witness stopped him. On searching him the net and pegs produced and also two rabbits were found in his possession. It was about a quarter to six in the morning when they saw him.—Defendant stated that the °Matra did not ask him any questions or he would have told them that he had permission to take the game. The rabbits had done so much harm to the farm that he had got permission to take what he could catch.—The Chief Con- stable said the detendtnt was a well-known poacher, and a very wary man. Mr. Harrison: He has got his wits about isim.—Mr. Monks: You cannot blame him for that.—The Mayor: He may have permission to catch game from a farmer with one acre, and then go to other places.—Mr. Monks stated that he was in favour of a remand for a week in order that enquiries might be made.—The Chief Constable said the defendant never did any work.—The magistrates ul- timately agreed to fine the defendand ss, and costs or in de- fault, seven dlys' imprisonment, and the nets, Ice., to be forfeited.

FIGHTING IN THE STREETS.—John Higham, labourer, 14.1 Back-Crossley-et., was charged with committing a breach of the peace by fighting in Scotland-road. on the 27th June. After evidence by P.O. Clough, the defendant was di 'missed with a eaution.—William Walsh, labourer, 1, Stoney-yard, Bank-st., was charged with a similar offence.—P.C. Whit- taker deposed that he saw the defendant strike a young man in the bioa.—Sergeant Chantier and Inspector Spinks also. gave evidence. Defendant was bound over in his own recug- nisanoes to keep the peace for three months.—William Broderick, 5, Pilling's Court. Dial-st. ; Michael Cunning- ham, iabou or, 38. James-Bt. ; and Elizabeth Ellen Fleming, 8, Back Williana-st.. were all charged with committing a breach of the peace by fighting in Dial-at., on the 3rd July.— P.C. Hodgkiss gave evidence as to seeing the defendants lighting. With the assistance of P.C. Sankey 'he separated them.—Broderick stated that he was struck first by the woman Fleming, and Cunningham came te her assistance The Chief Constable said under the circumstances, he would withdraw the charge against Broderick. With regard to Cunningham. this was his 24th appearance before the magis- trat-s. He kept company with the female prisoner —Cun- ninghsm wascommitted to prison for one month. and Flem- ing,who was also a bad character, was sent to prison for fourteen days. A DANGEROUS DOG.—Bphraim Stringer, forgeman, of 93. Plerpoint-street, was charged with allowing an unmuzzled dog to be at large to the danger of pedestrians —P.C. Corbett stated that, on the 28th of last month, he received a complaint from Thomas Carlisle, butcher. Plerpoint-street. that his little girl had been bitten by the defendant's dog. He m ide enquiries as to whether it had muzzle or collar, and was told that it had nat. He visited the defendant's house, and found a bullterrier dog there. Witness cautioned the defendant's wife on the 2nd of April, and she then promised that sae would get a muzzle.—The defendant's wife said a number of boys plagued the dog by blowing missiles at it.—The dog Was ordered to be destroyed. CHIMNEY ON FIRE.—John Daley, carter, 41, Old-road, was fined is. tor allowing the chimney of his dwelling-house to be on fire.

TUESDAY.—Before Mr. R. Garnett (chairman) and Dr. etarkey Smith. ASSAM ".—Michael Grant, 2, Toft's-yard. Dial-st., was summoned for being drunk and disorderly in Arpley-road on the previous day, and further with assau ting Peter Gar- rity at the same time aud place. Sergeant Cheney state that he saw the prisoner drunk and acting in an excitable manner. The prisoner got hold of Garrity and then knockecl him down. Both men had had drink, but the prisoner was the woret.—Peter Garrity statzl th- t the prisoner was quarrelling with another man, and he (witness) was persuad- the prisorer to come away when he struck him. P.C. Tu-- ner also gave evidence.—The magistrates tined the prisoner 10s. and costs or 14 days' imprisonment for the fist offence, and 14 days' imprisonment for the secon 1. AN ABSIENIEE. —Henry Darcy was charged with absent ng himself iron the annual training of the 4th Dublin tioyai Fusiliers (Militia). P.C. Beane spoke to stopping the prisoner in Sankey-st. He denied having been a soldier, but on 13,ing taken to the Police Station he admitted that he belonged to the Militia, and had absented himself • from the June train- ing.—He was now remanded to Strangeways Gael to await escort and the magistrates 'recommended the usual award to the officer.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

AN UNDUTIFUL SON. Before the magistrates at the Warrington Borough Court on Monday, John William Travis, a young man of bad character,was charged with stealing from the dwell- ing house of his father, George Travis, Winwick-road, a man's shirt value 2s. his property,—Prisoner when asked if he would be tried here or at the Liverpool Sessions • said he would ge for trial to Liverpool.—The Chief Con- stable said that on Thursday, the 9th inst., George Trav:e retired to bed leaving his house secure and his shirt by the fireplace in the hack kitchen. Prisoner had been driven from home owing to his bad conduct, and about 430 a.m. his parents were aroused by a peculiar noise outside. George Travis looked out and observed prisoner in the act of poking a prop through the back kitchen window. He disap- peared over the wall, and the father then discovered that several of the windows were broken and the shirt gone. He gave information to the police and prisoner was appmhended. He was more than suspected of being concerned in one or two patty burglaries in the neighbourhood of Warrington. The Chief Constable applied for a week's remand, which was granted. ASSAULT ON RAILWAY OFFICIALS. On Moneay at the Warrington Borough Court, before the Mayor (chairman), Mr. F. Monks and Alderman, Harrison, John Dooley and Thomas Rafferty,two Earles- town colliers, were charged with assaulting ticket col- lector Bennett at Bank Quay station on Saturday night. Rafferty was also charged with assaulting Detective Charles Henry Parsons, at the same time and place.— Detective Parsons said that On Saturday night at 10.35 the two prisoners came to Bank Quay Station and asked for the Earlestown train, and Bennett told them it had gone. They refused to believe him and Bennett gave them platform tickets. They went up to the platform and then came down and abused Bennett. They refused to give up their tickets and he tried to detain them. They struck him and witness then went to his assistance and got the tickets from them. Defendants refused to go and Rafferty struck witness in the mouth and made several attempts to bite him—Bennett, the collector corroborated and defendants were fined 103. and costs each.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WEDNICEIDLY.—Before Mr. John Fairclough (chairman), 14r. 4- J. Geddes, aud Mr. J. H. Flemibg _ _ _

Extras.— ......... 9'

Total 205 T ,tal .. ST. ELPILL:e4 V. MOORZ.—Flayed at Moore. Score : al, ELPHIN'S. ISMORIC. -Duckworth b Taylor 2 Banner c Gandy b Mason b Antrobus . ... .. .. Hatton not out l5 riveter b Duck-worth ll Barnel b Taylor Whittle b Antrobus 5 Duc's worth Gresty hit wkt b Taylor 0 Morgan c Barnes b Gandy c-Antrobus c Taylor 0 Gresty 0 Littlefair b Antrobu3 .. ..... 0 J Millington c- and b De Prez b Antrobus 1 Duckworth 0 Smith b Arirobos Mil.ington b Forster ...... Webb b Barnes 2 Jetinson o Gresty b Due . worth Jones c & b Gresty Kilshaw b Duckworth Wilkinson not out 4 Extras 2 Extras 7

Total BUCKLEY-ST. k WARRINGTON) V. PEARSON AND TNOWLES. —This match took place on Saturday on the ground of the former, and ended in a win for the homesters by 16 runs. Score : PEARSON AND KNOWLES. BUCKLEY-STREET. Knight b Leech Ince b Leech 0 Pugh c Grimshaw b W ArmitTge b Leech 0 Armitage Z;rimshaw b Leech 3 Spruce b Knight J Armitage b Leech Hardman c l'iNh b Spruce 9 Hall b Armitege Makin c Bradley b Leech... 6 F Leech c Litherland b Hou,den b Spruce Webb c end b Leech ...... .. 3 Landers c and b Ines 3 Litherland b Spruce ... . ... 0 A Leech b Knight J Armitage not out Ince — O Ca.rie b Knight Ryder not out Extras

Total

Total

r,HWVIIIRII LINES ENGINEHRS.P. Sr. HELENS L. bN-W . —At Warrington. The above teams met on Saturday test and it proved that St. Helens had not the slightest channe with the Engineers. The bowling of Harrison and Monks being very effective,, and the batting of Walker. Rackett rnd Gleave was grand. Snore : ENGINESMS. L. 34 V. -W. Lawless (clpt ) e Taylor b TOhnson• a Howard b Jolinann Brown b Johnson 0 Burke b Harrison Harriion b Taylor Howard b Johnson, 1 Taylor c Brown b Harri- ftrnes Monks b Johieson /eh. Hackett a Fairhurst b Houghton b Monks 1 J,•hnson 23: Travers b Monks - J hn Monks b Yohnson 0 Leather b Harrison: Jones. Is Fairhurst ? T.,nes b Monks 0 Walker a Taylor Is Travers 38 J 4inson c Brown b Irvine b Johtson 3 Monks o' Glom not out... I Smith b Nronits 0 Massey not out ll Extras 2

Extras

Total v 3!

Total /10 BOWLINS klf ALIT'S. O. .Vr. (Hat Trick) James Monks ...... 9 ... 2 ... 25 ... 6 James Harrison 9 ... 5 ... 12 ... 4

- ("EINEM LLNES ENGINNERS, V. ST. HELENS LAN. W. (second teams). At St. Helens. NNOINZERS. L. AND N.W. Deeley b McConnell ..... .... 0 Wilson c John Genders b Pllnston c Burgess b Taylor 5 De ley l3' Forrter e Taylor b McCort,- Black b Harding 8 nell Joseph Genders c Burgess b Burgess b Harding 1 McConnell 6 T ylor b Deeley 0 Jahn Genders b Davies ll Stephens e White b Hard, G Warding b Davies ..... 1 Dale b Davies 0 Davies b Harding 6 P Knight run out 4 Guest e Warren b Genders 3 R. White (sub) b Taylor.. - 13. Gil stirist (sub) b Davies 0 Genders Warren (sub) not out ..... .... 0 Hunter b Harding 2 Bantam, not out 0 Extras 4 Extras

'otat

Total.

RUNCORN V. LIVRRIPOOL Y.ltf C.A.—This march took ',lace at Newsham Park last Saturday. The Runcorn tpam secured the first innings and ran up a total of 84. Cross played a rood innings for 32 and Dodd who was pm out. made 17. The Y.ltt C.A. were dismissed for 50 runs, Green's- 18 being the highest individual score. Cr4gg's howling was too good for the homesters and his ii;T wickets for 12 runs may be called a notable per- formance. Score :

TtIYNCORN T. X.. C. A. wri,!ht e Lamb b Hayden-. 2 Smith b EVEMS 3 ri• ~., c nribbin b Lamb ... 32 Gribbin c Cress b Evans 0 Frith b Hayden Doid nut nut B nn b Ha. den 'v n 0 P,xterb Lamb 3 Hiyeen b Cragg ...... -.... 0 rir.o la r Wil•ten b Hayden 4 Lamb c Evans b Ctagg ... 0 Ito . r" b qaydert .... I Morgan b Cmgg ....... .... 7 J acne% c Gribbin b Lamb 10 Ringiand b Evans 7 w ,a • cBA xter b Lamb-. 3 Rigby b Cragg 0 Cr tg.; not out Extras 4 Extras 5

Total , i RuNconw arn v. HIGBFIRLD.—DIP second string were ' ~I..f•esful in their engagement with Flighfield at Run. f• .1-6. scores at the finish being High&ld 17, Runcorn 56 Green for Runcorn played nice cricket for 27. The 1. 1.11,. h"wling was very fine. Score : HIMIFTELD. RUNCORN. ' P reiv il c Houghton b Johnson h Burrows 6 'l'' ibroi Ti 7,,ev h 1-I,,ush"n ' oo 1 -3, h unnhtnn Ha s'l ~ Howthton ..c f h .n114)+1111 ~,,--,,w9 h I.ln ghton . 3 Parcival T1.,,t-l• b McLeo I 14..... n.hvh h tinuch..on 1.. Wont. c Johnson b 0 Buyr.iwa 0.% b Burrows 3 e,.(1 Xi-' h,o) h Houghton il %!e no not 0 civat Moore b Percival 0 Extras 3

===== 0002601_18960718_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLIN

INER-COUN CY MATCH. 70BASIIIRE V. LANOAStIRE.

. the presence of a large assembly of spectates:a-the annual competition between these two counties was opened on Saturday over the green at the rear of the Didsbury Hotel. The Yorkshire team put in an appear- anee-soon after their arrival in Macene&ter, and made such ,acquaintance wich the peculiarities of the turf as the time at their disposal permitted. The two ?resi- dents opened the proceedings, the earliest marks being in favour of the•sister county,but Mr. Alderman Makin was-not backward in putting in shots, for Lancashire, andiultimately reached 15. towards game. Among the best efforts made during the attercrum by the home team were game against 4 by Mr. F.:Knowles, of Cheat- ham ,Woodlands, ga.me 6 by Mr. Robert Williamson, of Withington. game 41by Mr. T. Bolton, of Warriagton, and game &by Mr. Eekersall,of Cheatham. The York-- shire personal successes were limited to five,their loftiest majority being obtained by Mr. Booth, of Mirfield, against Mr. Alfred Twig) (Stretfer4, The chief-excite- ment during the meeting was occasioned by the engage- ment between Vtorsencroft (Diclabury), and the York- shire champion, and Mr. Hargreaves, vice-president of Torkshire,against Mr. Coombs,theaancashire champion. The former After a well-sustaini d contest, was distanced by the home trundler by five points, and the latter , suffered to a like extent at the hands of Mr. C'oembs. The balance in favour of Lancashire was heavier than on any previous occasion.a result that Yorkshire hope to cover on the occasion of the return event at Clechheaten. Details :--

LANOASHIRE. YeRKSHIRE. I J J'Meakin. president. T Bolten,WarringtonaN 2l W W Sharpe, Mirfield ... 4 liF Shaw, Warrington S 2l 5 Whittingham, Halifax 9 F Knowles, Cheetham H Lon sdhle. ,H r. Brfi'ton.... 21 J. Mairhetuse, Shipton lB J Codling; Bro'ton C'den ... 19 A Verity. Dewsbu-sy J. Brimelow, Warlon N. ... 21 Westwood Spen Vietoria 14 A Twiss. Stretford l3 0 130.0 h, Mirfield 2l F Westwell, Withington ... 2. l'A. Bentley, Span... l9 C Worseneroft, D'bury....... 21 A Book. Cleckheaton S Eckerson, Cheatham J Williamson, N.-le-Wil. ... 21 S• Royston, Huedersfield 20 J Allison, Warrington N.... 2L G-Gomeesall, Waterloo R Williamson Withington 21 5,, namsden, Clifton 6 A Faulkner. U'hon.N'son ... 15 It Hi!ton. Barnsley 2l J thowther, Harpurhey 2l 31 Singieton, Mirfield lli JVi G Coombs, v.7p'd,t 2l B Hargreaves,... v.-'dent 15, 14 H S Pearson. Spen 2l n 2l Nicholson. Headingley ... 20 FPC Tower, Shaw, Fielding, T 3 HI LEI Beuyr or h.. et. oy 21. J '1 hort hill, Yirkstall ... le J Isherwood, Leigh 2l T Benton. Uhapeltown ... 21 J Ardold, jun., Tim icy M J Piterson, Chapeltown M W Wells, Heston M:BeY 21,. J Uheetham. Clifton A. Thompson, wen. N'teß... 2L C Hirst, Huddersfield lB F Berry. Vihrringtoll 8 2l; 3 Brook, Cleekhearon 2O W Fielding, Lr, Bro'ton l3 It Roberts, Cleekheston.... 21

510 Majority, 107 for Lancashire.

WINNINGTON PARK RECREATION v. SARACEN'S

HEAD, W. ILDERSPO6L.

These clubs piTii-e-d their vturu -in- a-th----on Saturday at Winnington, the home team securing a win by 103 points on the day's play, and making a win of 313 points on ban3e and home matches. Score :--- WINNINGTON PARK, SARACEN'S READ. 1-13 up. 11-13 up. Sing. D'ble. Sing. D'lne. 3 Noden • lll 13 II F°s''' -8 } 4 W Drysdale OSt ringfellow J Malam ll f ' x Ri,.2 by tt Bowden (captain), 61. o G Lunt . ll I 13 J Robe,,ts C Hinton 31 2 T Whitby T Tomlinson 8 I 13 P Mut n,. .... ...... .. 11 1 W Oakes ll 1 A Griffiths ............ 9 f ' G Cooper P Lee G Yong ll t 13 W Lear H Reeyer R Norcross ll 1 T Holland ... ......... 2 1 W Hughes ll j 13 S Green

Total 162 99

Total 112 46 ~.,,.. 158

Majority for Wi'ningt'n 103 points, July 11th. „ Saracen's Head 73 „ Julia 6th.

Aggregate for Win'gton 30 „ on home and home matches

In very dry atmospheres the durability of wood is almost incredible. Pieces of wood, wooden caskets and wooden articles have hien, withdrawn 1 rum Egyptian catacombs of an antiquity 2,000 or 3,oaa years antedat- ing the Christian Era.

BABIES ON FIRE, BABIES BURNING Ul, wit itch- ing and burning ecvunas, and otlA4r torlairlng, disfigur- ing akin and scalp diseAses. Nine but mothers realise how these little ones suffer when their tender skins are literally on fire. To know that a warm bath with CUT'. CORA SOAP and a single application of CUTICURA (ointment), the great skin Lure, will in the ma- jority of cases aff,ird instant rsii f, permit rest and sleep, and point to a speedy cure, and not to use them without a moment's delay, is to fail in our duty. Think of the years of suffering entailed by such neglect, years not only of physical lut of mental suffering by reason of personal disfigurement, added to bodily torture. Cures made in infancy and childhood aro speedy, permanent, nd economical.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NEWS.

A European ship owning association has says "Science Siftings ' placed an order for the construction of a large steamer,which is to be sp-cially aiapted and fitted for the accommodation of inyali.,s in need of fresh air and a favourable climate. The t,h,p is to be in constant em- ployment for eight or nine mouths in the year,but for at least three months out of twelve she will go into dock, in order to be thoroughly cleansed and disinfected. It is proposed to make this steamer, which is the fore- runner of a large fleet ai:nilarly ( quipped, a veritable Boating palace in the matters of both comfort and salu- brity.

A correspondent of the "Daily Chronicle " writes : There is one CUTiOUEf teature about the present position of the coal trade which will make it extremely awkward for the coalowners to insist upon a reduction of wages just now. All of them, with scarcely an exception, sup- ported the Tory party last July, and they begged of their men to believe that " Unionism " meant better trade and higher wages. Mr. Ratcliffe Elis, the mine owner's secretary on the Conmliation Board, was Colonel Blundell'S election agent, and he and the Member for Ince succeeded in turning out Mr. Sam Woods on that very cry. Yet twelve months of Unionist government has brought about a cry for a ten per cent. reduction of miners' wages.

The members of Parnament who took their trial trip in the autocar that careered round Palace-yard do not come plain either of the smell or the noise. Their chief com- plaint relates to- the vibration, which some of them.eay was consideiabFe,while others say it did not exceed that of a railway carriage. In the ca:;ef of the car in questiOn the motive power was derived from . benValine, and it is at least satisfactory that its perfume did' not arreo attention ; but ae I know, the noise it made from the rapid clinking of .the machinery was considerable, and this is one of the points inventors will have to look to. The cost of the benaeline coniumAd is ridiculously small,. being only a halfpenny per mlie,4nd the vehicleroareered about with the ease or a circus hor4e.

Am amusing incident is said by a Brussels correspon- dent to have occurred at the It• yal dinner given to Li Hung Chang on Thursday evening. After passing into the state drawing-roonvat the conclusion lf the dinner, the Chinese envoy, apuarently in ignoronce of the rule of Court etiquette which strictly trvbids smoking in the State apartments, pulled out a long pipe, which, duly filled and lighted by his secretary, was returned bi the owner, who began drawing at it with evident satisfac- tion to himself. lijng:Leopold, witty kindly tact,. had cigarettes thereupon passed round,and in a few minutes the whole company was puffing vigorously.

What -was at first belie v.ed to be a case of attempted. suicide, and reported from-Newry as such, now turns out to have been only an old man's desperate remedy for the relief of laboured breathing. James M'Kee, the man referred to, is a centenarian. For years he has been an inmate of Newry Workhouse. Being afflicted with asthmatic bronchitis, on Friday he carried into execution the idea of puncturing his body with a cob— bler's knife in order, as he says himself, " to let out the wind." On a previous occason, it now appears, he per -- formed a similar operation, arid strange to relate, actu— ally experienced some relies in,hr,-athing in consequence. This time, however, it is feare,l that the knife went to deep, and that the great loss of blood in the case of a man in his advanced years will) prove fatal.

The New York correspondent of the " Standard writes :—Comments are made by. the " Herald," " Times," " Press," and " Tri hurtle" upon the cordiality with which the Bostonian Artiliert men have been re- ceived in London ; And they express the view that it pos- sesses exceptional significance. The " Tribune " resents as unworthy, both of England and the United States, the idea that England could need or desire, or that the United States could accept, any sort of alliance based upon any exigency, of European politics. The true motive is the essential unity between England and the United States. Mr-. Samuel Plimsoll will sail for England on Tuesday,after obtaining confirmation of his idea that hostility to Ecgland is fostered by American school-book' history. He has books and testimony to prove it, and has a promise from/ the Federal Commissioners of Educa- tion to discuss thEy subject in his next report. Mr. Plim- soll has hundreds of rresa clip,)lng3 upon his errand, and scores-of private letter:, winch in detail show that his errand was fruitful almost before the seed was planted.

By the demise of the Rev. .Thaeph Charles Edwards, rector of Ingoldrnells, near SkinzneF•s—remarks the " Daily Telegraph "—the Courch of England has lost the most notorious beggina-letter writer within its ranks, and his parish not an incumbent hut an encum- brance. He was a Welshman 82 years of age, whose congregation loved him so much that they scrupulously stayed away from his ministrations. In his requests for alms from the charitable he laid 4trees on the fact that he had himself to clean the lampsiti the edifice, lead to the singing,play the harmonium, and preach the sermon. He forgot to add that he was also the congregation. This eccentric rector knew as much of the Bankruptcy Acts as of the Peel yer-book. Mr. I'M wards was affituted- with a wooden leg,which, after his tithes, formed his principal source f incline; for wi'h it he played upon the sympathies of the benovelent with remarkable dex- terity. Latterly, however, liis ileggincy-letters lost their, efficacy, and the reverend ,ne tl in in fell into very poor- circumstances. His last .pi q.l was to the Surgical Aid' Society in London bevLein, f•-ir a new limb. Id it he. said " living' thirty ve:irs al,l was £175 a yeari.; but now it is only' £9B hr at-nt. hrkfast con- sists always of oatmeal phrrilg, which I make myseli'.' Never drank a glass of ale in my life. I am in my e ghSeth year. Single. No se•rvant. Too poor. Help, now and then. aften a week without anyone. Make my own bed. Prepare my own meals and wash up.' Teetotaler from childhood. It.will be the last artificiah leg Dshall require. Am going—the border land is in

The decision of the LlanduCtno 170,striet Council to pur- chase the fine roarine drive cvhich rune round the breast of the Great Orme and the prepostl of the neiehbouring Council of Colwyn Bay to arcpire the Pwllycrochan Mods for the benefit of the, public are reminders that municipal foresight and entr rpris, are not confined to the governing bodies of great towns. The marine drive is one of the chiet attractiom of Llandudno, ated the fact that it is about-to become the permanent property of the town is one which boa' visitors- and townspeople have every right to congr;iulaf e therneelves upon.. At Colwyn Bey the negotiations bPtwern the Council' and the Estate C'unnanv have-not yet reached so satisfactory a stage. The differences; how 4 v?r. are being narrowed down, and an agreement now seema probable by which all risk of these charming grounds being again closed to the public will be finally removed.

A strange shadow hangs for the moment over Lord Windsor's household. Lady Windsor's father, Sir Augustus Paget,died snddenly at-Hatfield last Saturday. On the same day Lord Windsor's bows carpenter at Sc. Fagan's Castle, his South Wale mansion, was myster- iously murdeced on the highway. k few daysweviously a favourite servant at St. Fagan's died suddenly. This does not exhaust the sinister catalogue, for on Sunday the son of Lord Windsor's bailiff was drowned at Hewsll Grangot

Mr. Austin Chamberlain has travelled a good deal,the- " World "tells us. He has visited Russia, Turkey and Spain, with his ?ather. Hp has been three times to America, but, as he always arrived in the summer, he has had no experience ef the social life of N w York,and knows only Newport and Bar Harbour. He has also been to the Bahamas, where his father DaSSeEtSeS a large estate on one of the outlying ilnds. Here the cultiva- tion of the tough, stringy fibre krown as sizal is being castled on on a large scale under the superintendence of Mr. Austen Chamberlain's youncrer brother. It is heped that in a short time the estate will do a good trade with the United States, where the sizal fibre is much used in the manufacture of cordage.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL

NORTFIERN RUGBY UNION.

A meeting of the Lancas'Ors section of the. Northern Rugby Union was held on Tuesdav evening at the Spread Eagle Hotel, Manchester. Toe first business was the consideration of the dresving acc,mmoriatim on certain grounds. Widnes and R.mcorn were voted satisfactory. whilst Leigh, TyWesley, and S. Helens were ordered to make improvements. A full Vst of fixtur s for the non- League clubs was endorsed, and the county rules were altered and approved, the seere'sary, Mr. Platt, being instructed to call a full rn.eting .1 Lancashire clubs on August 10, for the ratification Or otherwise of the re- commendations of the CommiPtee. Permission was given to Salford F.C. to play G. F ,weett and E. Fisher, two Westmorland players, and J. E. Hughes. an inter. national man. J.c.nr,,, a i.th also to play with Swinton. It was decided that Morecambe be allowed to withdraw the A team from the computition.

CARTER'S LITTLE PILLS.

'mall Pill. Dose. Price. in a vial. Ay Vege- table.

Cure _ . Liver, Bile, Sallow Complexion, and Sick Headaches promptly: and cure them so as to stay cuvad. Chemists, is. 3.1 d,

LIVER , . Small :ill CA TER Small ITTLE Forts IVER 7-1 FIL Pure) Torpid qor.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
iCaL.S6IIOI

BEAU iIFUL TEETH for all will use daily on tho tooth hrusli a f,:w drops of SOZODONT, pleasantest dentifrice in the world.

Cleanses the teeth and spaces between them as nothing else win. Sound end pearly white teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. Ash for SOZORONT. 2s. Gd.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
A SCOTCH EXPRESS WRECKED.

ONE PASSENGER KILLED : MIRACTILOV9 ESCAPES. d to the An appalling accident on Monday haPPehe westeto Scotch express run oy the London and Nor- Railway between Euston Station, London, aniteTchit been. The train corresponded with that of !tea was lately recorded that a distance of 105 miles u" Wigan and Sh p Fell was covered in 105 reinutelen,iitt parting from Euston at eight o'clock on SundaY eto, the express drewn by two fast and powerful Ihreb tivee,ran safely till it arrived at Preston statien,th...7o which it travelled at a high rate of speed. A_s:oo , north end of the station, in running over certain I),7and the engines and most of the carriages were deraia.ivert the latter were completely wrecked. The engifie,tlLket, pluckily etuck to their poste and applied the 111" as bringing up the engines within a few feet of the ti,"afgrg, wall over which the train narrowly escaped vier 1. Had this occurred, probably not a soul would Pewee caped alive. As it eels, notwithstanding the !owe, complete destruction of ths earriaees which' left tu only one passenger was killed. Italy were hurt, none dangerously, and their fortunate escape WaglisP— :loss than miraculous. f The narrative of the journey and the incidente ..e0 wreck, gathered from passengers riZ the 111-fatedsf and railway offieials may be outlined pretty' Cv ITA, The express steamed out of Ruston station on its a ward flight at eight o'clock on Sunday eveniett....o starting it was of considerable length, but the Ole of passengers was not very large, a fact which' i 9 a., buted to its being Sunday evening. It was drestio the engines Shark and Villean. On to Rugby and eDii. sl the train sped without mishap. At Crewe the 'toe division of the train was made, and the express f°lo, North was made up of the engines and seven CO two of which were sleeping salooas: There Were 100 train about thirty passengers. The exact number lor at present ascertainable. From Crewe the train tbe 'yelled safely to Wigan. This station left befllfld.bli express entered upon the long run :To Carlisle, crbLe as been customary to make without further OrAod ages. The distance is 105.milese When the train re? Pleston station it was travelling at a speed whic„, sengere variously estimate at fifty and' sixty rA"—ofe. hour. It flashed past the platforms at . teem minutes past: midnight, being one catOto late at this stage in the journey. At eiti north end of the station the- express .0 to pass over what are known as the. Deckat. near the spot where the Fshergate Beidge croser'oest line. There is also here a severe curve. Sa'eePiDegdosli these points at terrif.e' sneer), the engines Woo) mounted the rails and ran off the line, te4ine, with '4O the rest of' the train, with the eeceptioreof the ells% van and the carriage next to ilethe conneetine of' which snapped. The moment this hapnege"..# drivers af the engines pot on their brakes,, but notld, standing this the train plunged on aIo-ag the sip tearing up rails,demolishing two brick huts which teli between the sets of rails, and knocking down fWeittli graph poles. The engines, ploughing through the,,. till their have wheels were nearly buried, eemainel:o. right, though-the drivers did not escape some Mired The coaches dragged behind had not, howe7er, tbe_heit, fortune to keep up, and ware overturned and sine°:to In the tearing up of the traie the gaspipes supplYiVO lights about the spot were out throue), and, to the horror ()lc' the situ ttion, the wrecked train complete darkness for a time. When, later on.logi were broughie it was srer-1 that the engines ha," leo stopped a few feet from the top of a wall which 'j with the permanent way, and which encloses Neeetf , Stevenson's iron foundry. This is on a level 30ft• ""of that of the line. The era* of the accident 10°0 plenty of aseistance. Passengers were already i5.'00 from the wreck of the train, wondering no 1000 those who were around how they had escaped 'wit" lives.

THE 'KILLED .INp INJURED: A telegram in cypher arrived at the Superintelollo/1 Department shortly after ten o'clock on Mondar 113 log. The translation reit] as-follows "The train divided at Crewe. Ttirl, first porti0:000 off at Preston "lisarth End. Cause of train leavicgdairef; unknown. One man kill,. named Donald Supposed seaman of A.hi•irdeen, ace about 20, of passengers were iliq-,ht!7.-ininred, and procceliok their journey. Thy were.--11. yid Steele, liOyaltie Fbrfar ; Robert M. Burgess, 213,' Howard-terraceenser Joseph Phillips,. 30, Hart-street-. Altri ocham; 13° Tippien, Forrinun, N.B. ; kV, Stevenson, ilutherp4 ; Miss M. A. Smith, Aoerdeen ; :Alfred 0010, , Of Paris ; Arthur Rignold. ,r " The following injured passengers elected to 4/420 the company's hotel at Preston. Their addressrf not fall 3, known :—Charlas JAcobs (Salisbury4l, Bennett, Miss lewis. Misr Cutler, Mr. Downton. 1,191 ! ,were two engines to the train (a common custoit there is a heavy load), and both drivers, 613° °" ! firemen, the guards, and two attendants" cf ! carriages were slightly injured or sha,ken. „ The inquest owthe -body of Donald Mayor', the of the railway disaster at Preston, day. It was stated that a railway insurance poli £l,OOO and a newspaper coupon for £2,000 was f the body. svaB opened on A Crewe correspondent telegraphs .41° IVreman, who lies at the Railway Hospital, Leesift!te• marvellous escape:from being burnt.lde waa with repie 'Child in charge of the second engine. When the, :was jumping the rails the oscillation was so grit ejl •shoot the coal' from the tender on to the ning both driver and firemen against the fire ow,_ was very dark. Child freed hi. : With,diffiClllo, searching for his" mate " he ,found him ;ander illicit A quantity of hot cinders had 5,4 fire to his Cl° The driver dragged him out unconscious.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
PAI)G&T E.

_ t $ 019/ A RUNWAY. HORSESERIOUS DLAStAGR. horse attached to a cart,, and belonging to Mr. n,d, farmer,of Houghton Green,was being driven ei°"' .01 gate-lane towards Warr;mgton, in charge of the 00A, son, on Tuesday afternoon, the horse tecame 01(06 some unknown object and ran awct„y. Mr. jun., jumped out of the cart and endeavoured t°olc;pl the horses head. This the horse,however, aveiv— I sprang into the garden at the front of the house .0 t, erj by Mr. Sohn Farrington, knecking down the if°_,4 150 ings and the brick wail on which they were fllle I horse's head came in contact with .the windewAtlf, concus.*m being so severe as to kill the horse '0 of minute of the accident happening. The dannegertiofr Farrington's property is extensive the end the brk wall being compietely demolished, .01 railing ?Ild gate being broken and twisted otit_,,,,,i) the stone step and coping being broken into some of the plaster in the parlour knocked desintLjs. TlLid DEATH OF.; MRS. SMITHSQN : . Inuvner.":loso' Farmers' Arms, Padgare, on Saturday, Mr. f., P'of 70 deputy coroner. held an inquest on the boafroo,7l Smithson, widow, 60 years of age, who died,,oitYkr effects of a dose of carbolic acid: Mr. Charles P.hjtv deceased's brother-in-law, stated that on the 87, 01 when Mrs. Smithson came into the kitchentshe' ilfso 111 somewhat downcast, and on inquiring what csaiSipj matter, she replied " Nothing." She had 11° oftlidt commit suicide, and she bad , never intimated isle gig „to that effect. They had soma carbolic acid in,,, he ri :which was used for disinfecting purpoaes. ;was kept with some medicine which the deari 00,g) taking for her aihnent.—M4.zy Ellen Mercer sait'iord afternoon in question she had tea with her Mrs. Smithson, after whiCE, she departed. ing, about, half-past five ip the evening, so' 01;p! deceased :lying face downwards on the floor. on, spoke to-her, but received no reply. She theL, 119. up, and found that she was unconscious.tri eon deposed to being sent for by the previotga 0,60 and on her arriving at the house she found tOef t) or unconscious. Her lips- were black and 12 opiellt smelled of carbolic ac,d. Her dress had aigo gtitlif bolic acid on it. After being in the house eaft;;lo tio0; found the cup containing what she thought ''.oll)°,,f, treaele and water, but which, on further et', st ikir proved to be carbon,. acid. Ds.. Cannell 'of/ Their, sent for, but was un ,ble to s Ivo the wotraa.c_.• -c‘aet,,g Pr returned a verdict to the effect that death i,tsv the deceased having taken carbolic acid in 133 her medicine.

../A. •••••••-••••••••• ...--......141110,-......-..-- y- r A young labourer uatn.-d J.,seph Etedetrl:cps ott _........ waq sentenced to deal) at Mancl,ester 158,r0r ,/ nesdav for the murder of 1,4i.s Eleanor Whau—,4 • seventeen, daughter of an Eccles photograP"" '

TRIED AND PROVED! trift ttio I Sufferers from Gr - vol. Lumb,,,p., Piles, P3M of 10 Dr;tpsy, Wind and Waller Con.plaint. Divas st viilooss. Bladder Stcae, Sc7atica, Rheumatism Stu] ataillio.;,',/ positive Cure in Holiroyd's Gravel Pills rry 3.,;,•1006_,0" 02/ If, not satisfied your money will he ret urncd. ` 140-w,,iclf' Of all Chemists, or p4.,st free for 12 st Ps .in tr,.°,, P,/ Medical Hall Checltheaten. Yorsa. Sold ti" not .-, Warringtca. Don't be put off. If you 031 - 4 rite, tnithe Proprietor and a box will be se'-* a4O Advt r giclemiP 0 The common house-ffy is said to bi C„,1°,101,-;1001 16,C00 er.s ; that is to say, his I w.) c,,alPr'^„gitoje„-0 id each 8,000 facets. By tliii ste“uiar arl,„-ct 0,1-00 enahied to see in every dtr,ction.and skill and SLICCDSS the Many dangers tb3" foloV daily existence. At the Manchester Assiz,s on Monday'."oo4;;ol.o.ol., draper and milliner at Bury, sued CO .shm of Yorkshire Bank for daniaue4 " for bretn " ci„,. sofoo,f/ was alleged that the bank authorities ; .Tar without legal warrant, the state of Itd.s--„io.-- 0 to a representative of the Officialgiferir„ty and that in consequence of the Public""Tha its e(4l affairs she had suffered very sz riouslY• a ' li!iii for the plaint:if, damageb £7O. , CADBURY'S COCOA is buth X so nnflatiligor_Alletrr.iat ing drink, ntid ri nutritious food. probablY then any other beverage. It is absolutelY ' no forreign admixture.—Advt, '

===== 0002601_18960718_art0076.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A

===== 0002601_18960718_art0077.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
._ RAIL

===== 0002601_18960718_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
W RECKE D.

MIRACULOUg

happened to the and North-Westeto London, and Or' that of which; )f 105 miles betweett 105 mjnutes. r° on Sunday night, powerful Woe ;ton etatien,tbroUgh 131 of epeed. Atl over certain pond were derailed, a The engine driver, applied the brikeit 7 feet of the top ofl egcaped fad. ve" )ul would ha 3"dinZ the alnanst which left tbe y were hurt, 130/ :e map(' wits ordlf

he incidents of tr. the ill-fated t_ifsw led pretty elaiff'f4', station on its no ndar evenint. u,▪ but th at e nuni„ir which is It wadrao,w ) Rugby and Crev:i Crewe the the express for w" Id seven coal obels There Were iSto: oact number is e the train P 4.4, n left behind, lit 0 Carlisle, vellicii,„," nt further 00E4 the train speed which rj sixty inilel la.tfornis at one faiS: ieurney. ;ho. express DAek-st. pmar' &ridge cr('0çft • Spopiv„o 0 • engines sadder.; , t44;ng with do",, 7tico of the 'meeting e,-,..rlW:j; his hapn,ard •,„ rj`kes, but eotelit' 31ezle the sid :k buts which JP' ing down two tele' r through the Oft! Iriedt Temained icaPe sorne inPro‘i howewr, tbt rued and ein-e9D'A pipes to el. and, to add jo eckd train Isfho en, later 00,14;0 engines had os :ie _wall which h is enc.:loses IdfOi a level 29ft. li-D1 e accident bro Ora ore already i513;10 ringtao let, escaped veit"t

URED: ie Superintes- on Monchir 111 first portiottioll rain lea7inglier. !d Donald )out 20. Alli'sos and procco,o; teele, Eclat ;OP Lrd-terrace,ca Inam; Wl3OlO pnron, iluthert,p Alfred Onleg,

, 0 5 elected to 'heir addre9S,',o g (Sal:sburYty? . Downten. J`4oo [mon custoni tif/ .ers, 600 tiles,/ iamb; cf the ken." Mayor-, the Ls opened on 15urar.ce 11011 2,000 was ,—William °9l pital....7,lreatota Le waa, with T„,r.. When thejo;,`" was so grt ell' the ib)tpl"i, ; the fire 0u",.. iv' wi tt-1 difficUlew sor. Om ander thet Ire to his Cl'

:)LASAG B. Artil°d ng to Mr. driven al°7:,f'oPo I.:me of the )tecame Ity. Mr. "" rerj ?avoured tLd,l9 rever, F the house e'ijr(Pel iown the d• y were MI ;he windogr •te the horse !Ito Ofii ['he damag`rtie.4 he end Pa‘to moliehed, lOU isted oc..teOcefo, en into ocked pods r Mr f 1111 • the bod'7„oCoo who diecl,P,,aini r. Cha7le9 at on the o"apeo'i)l itchenssns ePe. ring what ,00,10 le had n° c intimated 3: lied in tb ic acid rposes. the deeToo Mercer sal bet re' root th her re mrted. O"(000e0 .ning, she SOY Lite floor. rifted? She tbe,o ireV, preiriote ud found the) pry tt and had IS 'MUSA S bi .10 thnught tottopear, irther ese, itt nnelt9/6"11eY!, worrAsn,' leat acid 10 in 133'

• k 1/1 Etederic „ 00 ;rer /08i1.000' Whatair. otograPbe

he „i, .i.lO t.,,•09ei ?8, PAM: Of DiSeas "", A (lOU.' II 9 lila .0919 ig. 6 rrY 3 jedi le9h. , pr agy j .2";rorr " pri sr/ '6lt 35. „et _„,,r (1 t °e be sc'i dicle`'. Pd. rDA etv V bt 1461,4 001 113VW .43ePult r arllincr °NO tn # t 4- ,91110.1 s; ,jøolive da7 004 ;old' dia • p/ of , breaci", .00",0 ?,s 0/ i° iferje ).i „rcity ho ei ,Ir 7. 011,10 aubstZre bly tolY

===== 0002601_18960718_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE

7ton .. Bridge JULY. FROM WARAINUTON TO Ac -7 10, 7 35, 8 28, 10 45, 1 SJ, 2 35, 5 15. 5 35D Tit Sundays 10 15 a.m. 179 k‘r and Hillhouse-7 12,8 31,a1l 15,1 14.a3 15,a 40, a6O Eir n rrtays 9 36, 2 5,8 50. a Stops if requirtd. 150, c ingant (L & N.-W.)b3.0 a 3 23,7 10,7 35,9 50,10 45,12 0, 20, 11 35. Sundays 3 0.10 15, 4 2C, 11 35, talon- s ;1uvr.1167270314,days excepted S6s.7llllllthani (Miuland)-6 6 9 59, 11 55, 12 55, 3 20, 5 0, 94 52. Sundays 11 45, 4 25, 515 p.m. 5 29. 5 45, 8 35, 955, 1225, 2 25, 4 45, /3,41 Sundays 843. 60. 44574P001-5 29, 5 45, 835. 9 55, 11 40, 12 25, 2 25, 1101.8„14, 7 17. 8 47, 10 2. Sundays 2 37, 8 43. 60. 1112„,""4-5 45,8 2.5.10 0, 10 43 1 15, 3 20,4 21,6 25, 7 17, 9 2. -6:47111 8 43 a.m., 5 0, 8 58, p.m. 117. a te-2 37, 5 29. 545, 955, 11 40, 2 25, 3 48. Sundays 84,C117.t'r---7 42,9 5,10 23,12 7,12 15.1 40,1 52,3 13, 4 22, 511. cc,,1142, 1014, 11 32. Sundays 844 10 26 a.m. 7 45. 11 32. Green-7 10. 8 20. 10 5, 127 115. 330, 348, 55. or.° 8. 9 2.5, 10 30. Sundays 8 43, 60. 11,5'.,u,z-a3 0, 5323, 710, 735, 8 28, 9 50, 10 45, 12 0, 1 50, 11m." W. 5 15, 7 23, 11 35. Sundays 30, 10 15, 4 23. 6"4,. sMondays excepted. bMondays only. 8144.."511rY-7 42, 95, 12 15. 1 52, 3 13, 5 11. 6 4, 742, 10 14 titsrs 8 44, a,m. 7 45 p.m. (blidlaini)-6 6. 9 59, 11 55, 12 55. 320, 50. 11 53, .Y 5 11 45 a.m., 4 25,5 15 p.m. 1 fsileatov n-5 45.7 10.8 25,8 35,10 6,10 40, 1055, 127,12 25. 740:0 i°,3 48, 5 5, 525 6 20,7 8. 9 25. 1016. 10 30. Sundays, 43,a m. 4 56,60, t 47,9 45 p.m. LlZ:burgh-2 37. 529. 955, 1140, 12 25, 2 25, 348, 102 Ys 2 37 a.m. 945 p.m 51 Zueler's Ferry .3c Peukrth -7 38. 8 25. 9 43. 11 53, 1 55, Od 17, 8-0, 948. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50. 7 q ;owl -7 42,9 5, 10 23. 12 15. 1 52, 3 13. 4 22, 5 11, 64, _l4. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p.m. 15, ~V,;a (Cheshiie Llues)-7 12. 756, 831. 95.12 0, day."eu. 40, 5 23. 70, 80, c 9 30, dlO 20, 11 39 Sun- tan:: 8. 9 55, 11 25, 2 39. 7 10, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays cSaturdays excepted. 11a2178°w-2 37. 529, 9 55, 11 40, 12 25, 2 25, a 48, lu 2. ILLY' 2 37, a.m. 9 45. 11257ur, Lue-5 45,7 10,8 35. 1055,12 25, 1 15,3 48, 525, 7 17, Sundays 843.6 0. 123"Qiin lareen-7 12, 7 56,8 31. 95. a 9 30,12 0, 1 5,2 10,4 0 10 '1,6 0, 70. 80, 5930, alo 20. Sunday 1.216-.,_`'. 2 39, 918 aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted. 11,37. and Cadisilead 'Central)-? U, 755, 8 i 3. 7 0, 7 55, 15, Sundays 8 56. 10 12. 3 25. 5 15. 7 18,9 35. 10-4;rlslord-From Arpley Station-6 a. 7 22. 80,90, 9 58 haild."' 1233 116 338. 411.518.613.18, a 7 45, 9 13 Li YS 8 50, 3 8, 818. aSaturdays only. 14-'Ol (L. & N.-W.)-3 Sc, 532. 7 10, 8 20, 8 35. 105 '4 ~ 348, 55. 6207 8, 925, 10 30. Sundays 35, 530, 4)4,01,..40. 3 28. 4 56. 60. 9 45. From High Level Platform. 14,74. Ts excepted, 1153',r,t501 (From Low Level Platform)-7 38, 825,9 43, 109, 14,:'''un. 3 30, 5 12, 6 17. 80, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50, ZPool (Cheshire Lines)-a4 30, 530, 7 12.7 53, 8 31, 850, 1024. 10 30, 1050. 11 50, 120, 1250, 12 57. • 150.2.10.250,38. 337, 3 50, 4 0, 4 50, 550, 618, ". 5C,130, 50,9 6,9 20,59 3J 10 15 10 46. clllO, 11 39 , V 10,1' 90, 9 55, 1125. 2 20, 2 39. 7 10. 8 30,9 18, Ist "04. csaturdays only. aExcept Mondays. bexoept arday L a* 60ew 3 „n (L.& N.-W.)-a3 0, 5323, 735. 950, 1045, 120 ``l,s 15, 11 35. Sundays 30, 10 15,4 20,11 35 Mondays Lori%eQ. ,bl.ldondays only. Itskf,"(4l (Midland)-6 16, 9 59, 11 39, 12 55, 3 20, 50,11 53 YI 11 45 a.m., 4 25 p.m. -620722,80,90,958,1049. l2 36,1 16, 3 38, 414th 5 18, 6 13. 78. a 7 45. 9 13. Sundays 850, 38, 8 18. CskdaYs only. R"e.,..hester(L. & N.-W.) e 2 45, 53 10, 54 45. 5 45. 7 10, 19, 100,10 40, 12 14. 1 15,2 0.3 20, 421. 5 25, 6 5 *Se; 2, 10,30. Sundays 3 10. 7 40, 843 a.m.,5 0, 60, 7 47. 'kesr°ru High Level Plattorm. ardoudays only. balondays Dteci 1▪ 40 • ZO 7,enester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-56 20 114 ' 55. 8 57, 9 55, 1046. 1 14, 3 35, 4 9, 6 10, 75.9 10, 11 40. 8 46, 3 5, 8 15. 11 40. *From Arpley Station. 1/66 uchester (Cheshite Lines)-7 0, 155, 8 13, 8 65. 9 2 .155'7 r,1858, 11 25 11 55, 1255. 155 255, 3 55, 4 55, 5 55, 12.8 55, 9 15, 9 65, alOO. all 15, 1150, 411 57, 1,16-`lY„s 8 56, 9 37, 1012, 36. 320, 515. 718, 8 55, 9 22. aSaturdays only. enaturdays excepted. ,k,aourftwiett-7 35, 1045. 35, 5 35, 1 20. tiev,,ts-7 35. 1 50, 2 35, 535. 7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m. .00,,, ' - 45a,3 luc. a; 43, 5 45,7 10, 8 35,9,19, I11.01:9 10. .0 55, 1214, 12 :5.1 10 320,348,421,525,625 c,`••u 25, 10 10,10 33. n 3 1.0.740. 8 43, a,m., 35, 47. 8 58, 9 45 adays only, aloudays excepted. '24 ", _7O, ?b,B 13.6 4..10 21. 1. 0, 1227,1 44, 2 17,3 53, 12 916 nuuda, s 8 56. 10 12, 3 50, 515 9 35. -237,529. 5 4u. 8 35, 955, 1140, 12 25, ▪ 'B. 4.5 614 7 17, 8 47, 10 2. Sundays,2 37, 8 43, " ori7 38,8 25, 9 43. 11 53, 1 55, 3 30, 5 12, 6 17, 8 0. ;10s (ior Penketip-c7 2, 7 s', 5, 105, 110, 120, 15. 114% g-v°,., •4 0. 529. 6J. 7u.80, a 9 30, 510 20, 1046. Sun- -11 25. 2 39. 9 Id. aSictu-d %ys excepted. bSatur- 814Y, • cMonday.i Only (C.L.C. 155 eh,tl ey sad Dore Line L,llt, k' , 12.55 i 55 6 5 Sundays 937 a.m, 3 5), 5 15.. 32., 7 Eiji 4_., 35,1 u t, 1540, 12 7. 1 15, 330, 1.174,111-' '4B. 9 10 ao. buutl iys /3 35. 8 43, 4 36,6 0, 945 Port (Cheshire Lines) -4 30, 5 30,7 12, 8 31, a 9 30, 3 15, 4u, 56, 6 U,? 9,9 10. Sundays 9 36, 2 5, Tt; tu v , wit t-" 141 r4a" 0 0,9 58, 10 49,12 36,1 16.3 38,4 11- 4A 6712. 7---86a2'7.475.i3. '.u. idays, 8 50, 38, 818. a Satur W• ict,-.Y. From Arpley St.stion. 10, pla (Cheshire Lines) -756, 95, 10 5. 11 0, 12 0, 1 5, `4% ' u„a 40 529, 6 0 7 0 80,9 10, a 9 30, 510 2.0. Sun- 0111y. ,'9 36, 2 39, 9 18, c Saturdays excepted. baaturdays Wia "30 st'es (L. and N.-W-) -7 33, 8 25, 9 43, 109, 11 53. 1 55, Wi" 12,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays, 8 48, '4 40, 7 50. 445,g411-2 37, 5 29. 545, 8.35, 9 55, 11 40, 1225, 2 26, 3 45, 5. °Q 14, 7 17, 8 47, 10 2, 10 10. Sundays 237, 8 43. . 9 45.

IO WARRINGTON FROM , keton Bridge-6 36 745 a 02, 11 43, mulays 7 53, 4 32. • • 37, 440. 6 44, 829 41t... and Hillhouse-1 16. 7 18, 8 24, 954. Sundays .42.2 31 ' '' ''''' pt. 9, • Q6O jl.4Bhato (L. & N.-W.) -4 1 • 11 15. 970 Q., ilul 1350:3 40. ,81 '8 4,10 15,11 15. Sianday°s ,i-Nhain (Midland.)--.8 5, 4 0. 1119. blix- -53510 .12_2_0135' . . 0 1 25, 2 40.. .%Piit settid.6lo 30,11 19. huudays 4 8155,0a..mi.1. 8 '440 ‘‘.lY4' 1411(1,„..441-8 33. 850. 10 48. 1 55, 2 4, 3 20,5 34,7 55, 10 12, 0, 1 47, 5 40,7 50. 'lO 57',P,901 (Talbot itoad)-8 10, 8 45. 9 55, 10 35, 35. 5',..5, 10 0. Sundays 7 25, 1 35, 5 is, 8 40 ...0001 (Central)-7 45, 7 55. 827, 8 55, 9 55- 1025, 1 50. 5 g 4. 4 40, 6 65.1315.1,10 Sunday s 7 10,1 15. 4 55. 8 40. s)lton-5 45. 8 0, 8 40, 9 15. 10 35. 14 35. 2 20, 415, 5 10. 3°. 'llO SD. Sundays a2O a.m.,6 10, 930 p.m. aSatur- --3's only. . Carliale-12 5. 6 40, 8 40, 12 50, 1 40, 4 22, 5 38, 841 Isuudays 12 5 ann.. 8 41, 12 10 15.1 n• . Chester-2 34, 72514 A --. ' ,5. 9 40, 10 12 11 5, 11 40. 1 25, 2 10, 4 50,3 45, 5 6. 5 30,6 35.7 36.7 45,8 30, 100. Sundays 2 0, 2 32, 4 30,a,rn 650.. 830p.m. aNausrdays only. , Collins Or en-6 39,7 16,8 42,10-9,11 26.12 38,1 4,1 43, 210 • 10. 5 28. 623, 9 16. 10 46. Sund4 ye 81. a. 0., 715. + . k rewe-2 1, 4 55, 6 0,6 30 8 13 920, 11 5, 11 10, 1 50,235. 10,5 40, 65, 85, 920, Sundays .2. 1, 4 55. '1 10, 2 40, 4 0,9 12. 7 Ipareabullry-8 16. 10 17, 43, 2 47. 5 42, 8 23. Sundays 37 p.m. a gerhy-8 15, 10 10. 110, 35. 350, 445, 70, 83, al2 35 aundays 3 33, 7 30, 6 18, 650, 333. aßxcept Mondays. Ilarle 1 0 .stown— 8 48. 9 32. 10 13, 10 26., 11 26, 12 5 6 59. 7 20..1, 4 all 47.2 15,3 20,5 8.5 32,5 5,6 37.7 Se, 9 40.412 O. Sundays Z. 9 SJ, 10 3. 4 0, 7 23. aSaturdav• unIF. 5 ?idlsdlnburgh-10 15, 20, 60. 9 10. (Sundays 60, a.m. 9 10, dler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 6 5,9 43, 1224, 2 17, 3 21 634, 8 57. Sundays 832. 2 57. 87. 11,,""•°1111/latn-7 55, 93, 102, 11 27, 232, 47, 5 27, 6 57, t 7 lidays 6 59. a.m. 7 16 p.m. 12-'4& lon(Cheshire Lines)-5 44, 742,8 10. 90,9 50, 10 40. 11.... 12 66. 2 13. 35, 4 20. 4 56, 59. 5 56, 657, 9 .3, fLI. Suniays 8 7.3. 9 10, 2 40, 3 17, 4 42, 651, 854. srif4Bo7v-10 0, 20, 555. 95. Sundays 5 50, 95. 1.0'7,,.140rne-6 44, 826. 10.2. 1228,2 41, 436,5 35,7 15, 91, '4. Sundays 9 40, 7 5. tll,3ougilctreen_7 55, 8 20, 9 9, 10 3.10 55,1 9,1 54. 2 24, 3 19, 4 K.° 5 25, 67, 7 11, 918, 11 35. Sundays 8 37, 920, 3 31, {4l4rti sad Cadishead (Central)-7 33, 9 63, 55, 8 52, 11 29, Ifala 10 59. 6 51. 8 35. 10 a 0 tehford--8 13. 8 40. 932 10 2. 11 17, 1 20. al 45. 2 13 t 44,22. b 5 41. 6 7. 6 49, 7 49, 9 42. 1127. Sundays 833 a ' 23. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted, 1 3rerPool (asq yarlitawro—a2 05, 60, 8 0. 920, 11 50. ‘,..„.F..3 0, 430 5 35, 13 35, 105, *lll5. Sundays 7 30, 9 20, -. '' 30. 8 40. 411.1udays only. *Saturdays only. 6 2.04“ Widnes-6 25.820, 85, 9 55, 12 35, 1 30. 2 40,3 35.4 20. /1.2-5. 8 10. 1045, Suu lays 7 45, 210 7 20, 10 45, 6 36-`l•Pc'ol (Centr4l)-5 35, 7 20, 8 30, 8 45, 9 30. 2 an. 6 38. 10 3) 1130,11 35.11 55. 12 30,1235, 1 0,1 30.1 50,2 0. 430, 440, 9b ~ 530, 536, 6 30. 6 35. 7 30, 8 0 C (7. 8 40, 930, alo 45. 11 0, 11 30. Sundays 80, 9 0, 230, 420,6 30,8 30,833,9 .35. aSatut days only. 10 0 itclml (L. & ./.1.-W.)--.6 15, 7 1:410 10,i210.2 10,4 10, 6 30, 71 1..2 0. Sundays 10 0 a..m.. 50, 10 0, 12 0. 1217.4.0 n (Midland) -_5 15. 13 5. 120. 20. 40, 5 0, a 9 15 . L34,1°4,1011 9 15, 12 0. Z 10. aexoept Mondays • 1.41 7.1"....-8 5 8 32. 9 23.9 54, 119 111. 5137, 2 5. 250 74: '4,45. 55S 6 41, 7 41, 1 33, 11 19. Sundays 825, 225, 51. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. 15 %...12ester (L. & ~1.-W.)-6 0.7 0.8 5$ 0.9 40,11 0, 11 25, 834 4 42,3 O. 3 45,4 25,5 o. 5 zo. 7 5. 9 20.10 Al Sundays 8 0, 950, ann. 60. In 4., From Exchange. 5.1 5-"ehester (London-rued) -7 15, 7 no, 9 20, 10 35, 12 35, 740: 0, 3 40,1 b 5 5. 5 2). 65. 75, 8 55, 1045. Sundays 630, bSaturdays excepted. a Saturdays only. 0337,.4etlester (Cheshire Louse,- -6 48, 7 20, o 30, a 9 5, 9 30. 445...1...30, 10 45, 11 SO. IL 30. 12 45. 1 30, 230, 3 30, 4 30, 630, 6.38.7 30, ~ SO, 833, 9 Si, alo 50,11 0. Sun- .44y4. 0.40, 910 9 30,10 40.1 40.2 0 2 5,6 35, 8 15, 9 49. Bstur- -1414m_i-3.1 3.1 (511--6 48 1137.242,61. 0.96, 11 57, 32J . 55, 657, Sundays 8.15, 48. 11,5,9"t0n-10-Wlnows.-6 65. 7 30.8 42, 924, 109, 10 22,11 23 S s'.i 12 45, 1 6,1 30.3 0, 4 7,4 58.5 5.5 49, 627,7 30.7 30. 99, 4 Biki 1 84111 43 Sundays 830,9 49,100, a.m. 3 56, 720, 11 5. 1,0r5 only. - (int,. Itb-7 61. 8 26, 9 0, 10 6. 1 9. 2 5, 5 113, 73, 9 16. Sun- lit'. IS 63, 11 20, 2 34, 9 12, 10 13. 4 25:4Uni.....52 11. 5 60. 6 45, c 0 5, 926, 1010, 112,3, 246 4Z/0,,i 7 59, 93Q 10 47. Sund.sys 2 11, 235,3 15, 6 10, 10 46 ,c, 11,,,,,471 excepted. &9, 9 19, 13 23. 12 29, 1 30. 2 58, 440, 6 43. ..e 44e.,.. (tor Peulteth)-8 51, 8 3 6 41, 925. 10 19, 11 24. 447 s R'..36 2 5.2 40, 3 44, 4 .35,5 21,5 40, 6 22.7 26, 934, Sun- , 3 44, 5 7 9 93 •/4 -"id (Midi i '• ~ Line-11 0, 110, , 7 ~,. _ aru ) via Llainley ADa Dore l!t* klevl biuu•dAv4 BIS A'ILL 6 P- nil' * 1115 125 12 50 130 r''.2 65 ens—b 25.7 0,8 a9lB ' 9 t-,,,.. t, . . . . 6 10. '7 0 90. Lr SJ, *ll2O. Sunday b ti •tkutz7J,a.tu. 6 5,5. 9 • tur-i. %k. •-. I,,sa 'onl ~„ y. ..6., r., ,:L, s. ord street) v 0.855 1126. 10. 215. (i. 0 20. 0. 86, aii 0, 9 3.)., ouu34ys 90, 2 10, 80. 4.-atur- ! lis"tinwali 12 ~ 115, al 41, 29, 255, 4 28. ~°5 377 ‘L'-; 8 58. 9 58. 11 13, Sundays 6 23, *i. 119 u a 646 745 937 11 23. ~I . (2 ' ' r , iZo arAN ,T4VatUrdaYll 11 onl.i. bSati.rday. excepted. . oKo•s' '.‘ N.-W.)-7 0 8 58. 9 33,13 33, 12 16,1 4. 210, , A 6 46.8 50, 11 6. Sundays 8 24, 2 50. 7 59, 2ao ix 44,1 ph_ 4,1;41-aasai .1 257401r9e. L61n12. 7 16. 7 58. 9 25. an es ) 830, 915,18 9. 1112. 1225. 125, 42 Sundays 3:csl,Orsi Saturdasyts ottoiloy: kta. q 26241, 11 23, 12 15, 54. 5 25. 75, sig... 0.... s t !aye 2 41, 9 30, 1 .. 66.11 la, 4,10 N. v .

===== 0002601_18960718_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
k

WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEILTII OF

kRAINGTON.

During last wk, which was the 28th, of the current year, the following births and deaths were registered : Births. Deaths. Warrington Latchford 1 2

()tat 2B

The excess of biol.,' over deatip, was 18. The death rate from all causer was equal to 8.9 per I.ooo,agaiart 13.4 the average of tilt- previous four weeks, and again;t. 8.2 the corresponding week of last year. The death rate from the seven chief zyraotic diseases was equal to 81 per .:,000, againat 1.2 the average rate of the four previous weeks, ano agaiust 1.8 the corresponding week of 1895. The aees of mortality were- - 1 1-5 5-1.5 15-25 25-65 65 up. 4. 2 —• 2 2 10

10 The deaths includ,?o.-1 from influenza, 1 from diarri,c. e, I. from , poroicious r.ncemia. 3 from lung disease. 1 from brain diseafe, 1 from liver disease. The following eases ot inciaus disease have lawn reported during the ix..e.11 :—Scarl.3t flyer 6 e.asea. Total number of relVeotsin hp cal on Ju;y, 4th. 12 METKonoLony.—Tno mean Ono,:-,urature 577 Fh. and tl,(her.,re 1 3 (i,-;11, o,iker thhn Int+ pr,ecdine week. The ma\ 'lntim temperature 67C— was rpcnrriM ti the'4tll i , ami the minimum tea,perature 47F., on ti,e 241 ihat.

Tfre RaiPfal n2eaeir-ed .76 inch. Thp ,rzenecal direction wa NAY. be v.ading of the Anitnnincccr denoting 1625 mitcs.

JOHN U. G0RY...1,L. Ofb‘;er of Health.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
QvICKLY ocenzar ALL numatmearriss. =Novi: Azzi iosernuarrosx, and re7:...4 the distressing synaptovis prevalent with the sex. 3,0r.e, 1/11 h:',2 (the latter contehaj three times the geteatity). c all Chemists, or will be sent, here, on reeeipt et 15 ur 34 stamps, by the Maker— . TOWLII. Chemist, I,:ottinghazo. Minn OLsoiaations.ikhorieue cod worthless.

I owirezt!'•NsYTieiviAlpsKs- F 0,1 1-7.F.:::E. lyI•A L. E. ...-.'.....: .. 44.• ':i IT T ..wwwww......s ~

===== 0002601_18960718_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
KEA.TINVS PuWDEit. Kills Fleas, Bugs. Moths. Beetles.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
KEATIN G'sliW LEK, Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. KEATING'S POW DE K. Kills Fless, Bugs, Moths. Beetles.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
LACE CURTAINS

DIRECT FROM THE MANUFAC'URERS.

THR HAPPY 11031 R PARCBL.-1 Pair e!egant Draw- ing Room Curtaina. 4 yds. long. 2 yds. wide ; 1 pair splendid D fling Room Curtains, 3k yds. long, 52 in. wide; 1 pair Breakfast Room Curtains, floral style, 3 yds. long 48 in. wide; 1 pair pretty Bedroom Curtains. 3yas. long, 40 in. wtti. (ALL TAPED EDGES) ; 1 Lace Cushion Cover, 1 Lace Handkervhtef. 12 yda Fancy Lace, 12 yds. Crochet Rd.iing. The lot, Car. Paid, Ws 6d. Whit.: or Rem. STICH HANDSOME VALUE HAS NEVER BEFORE BEEN OFFERED. Money returned if not approved. Picture Book of Lace Curtains, Roller Minis, Frilled Curtains, Lace, le., Post Free. ROLf.liti R1...1.ND/ ectwithLace or Fringe, from se. 6d. Samples s s approval.

:INGIi & Co., 56 DEFT., NOTTINOHAbi.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
, f ron wear _at a , _ Ch ,r, i..-t • `..;.,nngest and most Durable London 1 A good Knockabout Watch or 'untie 'lli !I Eli.--QUAIITER PLATE ever sold. 1 low pnee. Best London made, Three-Quarter Plate ngltsh. Lever, Large, Chronometer Balance, Jewelled An English I..,wer,Jewel;ed with 13 Rubies, Chrono- ! E. meter .I.llan,e. Patent Largo Il.trr el, and Damp and in Rubies, Strong Keyless Action. Dlist Proof Ring Bawl. Price £5 ss. An Exact Timekeeper, and better value than any Keens better time than. and is double the S,rength Keyless Watch sold for ZIO. end Value of, any £5 Gs. Watch made. In Sterling I Price £5, •in Extra Strength, Sterlang Silver. Crystal Silvi,r Cases, with Strong Crystal Glas:. Glass Cases. Made in Four Sizes at one Price, £5 Os. :—No. I, i (ientiemen & Youths; No. 2, Workinit Men; No. 3, : REESON'S ENGAGEMENT RINGS, ili Halt :itaUway Men and Miners (as iliustrated):No. 4. Lailes. ; '''' Hoop, Marquise, Gipsey and all other designs, In massive 18-cr. Goll Cases, with Cry.ttil Glass, ! set with Brilliants. Rubies, Emeralds, Pearls, Sap- C,n;lornen's size. £l2 I2s. Lady's she. ZIO 10s. i phires, Opals, Turquoise, &c., &e., or in plain gold. ALL WATCHES AND JEWELLERY ft,,nt post free, and at my risk, to all parts of the World nn ro,.eitA of Dt%ft. Cash. or P. 0.0., payable at OP 0. . tZEND FOR BENSON'S BOOK of WATCHES from £2 2.1. to £5OO. CLOCKS, CHAINS, " ENGAGEMENT RINGS, BROW:HES. NATI.% ..tc.. &e. Sent post free ou application to

j. W. BENSON, WATCHMAKER and JEWELLER TO H.M. THE QUEER and ROYAL FAMILY.

Steam Factory: 62 •Sio 64, 1.411.71,0.A.PrE VENIAL., Ana 28, ROYAL ExHANGY.E.C., rind 25, OLD B')' .D STREET, W.. LONDON.

WATCH, &c., CLUBS —Applications for agencies invited. Easy system; no risk.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
" if / 1 1 Ij, '-ji- 1 1 Lz ..,. w

===== 0002601_18960718_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
THiNK A UTILE

w,y SHOU: VOL, Pt V.2',7, TPH3 *VH. T ,ru cAN GET WITHOUT ,fIY 4C.UBL'' F G Thia is to iruee ro.tch Mit tit 'itine-t

ndeaVollt to !Wenn. givi,; you the best ,tvt!iug t :er han •Vrite at on( e for l'',,veirm . toro SUM; to Meavere 0i) 4 Trousert 3;9 us, trial. A. t... rot , ard,pator: zri•c. cur. r" .; • PATCTON sro!r:r. ot:..m3Y muntitni this E'L.per.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
Falcon Vlorks

TRADE IA owK.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
..,.. ‘rpe4t -Y.?:, . . , ~. 4 , .6 ~.,. .42, , .. „ -,-:.* ~.- • 1 ~,:.: ;• - • ,JC" "'-' it'

===== 0002601_18960718_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
MANCR•CTORtfIi E. Beane& .0- Co., B *Arley London, E.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTABLISHED 1851.

BIRKBECK

BANK.

Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, London, TWO-AND-A-BAT F per CENT. INTEREST allowed on DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lOO. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purchased and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT.

For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receive, email sum deposit, and allows interest monthly on each coin pleted 2.

BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PEU MONTH.

BIRBBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PUILCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE EIRILLLNGS PER MONTH.

The BIRKBECK ALMANACK. with full partieulArs pout tree.

FRANCIS RAVRNSCROFT. Manager.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
'WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
"aliq '41121- .47460. fir y P.' TASJ

TOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS,

,11CII AS SICK HEADACHE

CONSTIPATION,

===== 0002601_18960718_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
WE AK STOMACH

IMPAIRED DIGESTION,

DISORDERED LIVER

and FEMALE AILMENTS..

ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION BOXES.

:n Boxes. 13. Mi., and 2s. 9i. each. with full. directions. 11,c 1. 1,!1. Box cc_ 'ains 56 BP's.

PREF A.RE' 0 •;LY TIM PROPRIETOR-

THOMAS BEECipli, St. fielens, Lancashire.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S TOOTH PASTE

EFFICACIOUS—ECONOMICAL— CLEANSES THE TEETH PERFUMES TIM MEATH,. In Collapsible Tubes, of all Druggistr, or from the Proprietors. for Is., post-pstid.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
‘I4,LEXANDR

HAND SEPARATORS.

Make 20 0/. More Butter.

Swim Label Time

Sent on Trial.

Carrla, Pal%

Fuel Spao and tent

SIZE EASY TO W, No. 12 Lad 16 Galls. per hr. 9 „, 11 ~ 25 ~ ~ 14 ~ 8 ~ 30 I, ~ 151

R. A. LISTERaLci __TI

OURSLEY, GLos,

1. p. p. ViVrfirtrATMTVVVI'

• 'l2 ,". ge Ad. e..‹. • ^ • A.A./. • u 'IORK F.3R A

===== 0002601_18960718_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
TUCK az CO. LTD.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
MAKERS OF

INDIAB,UBBER AND PURE A BTISTOS GOODS, LEATHER BELTING,

Lace d, or Copper Se NIL HAIR & COTTON BELTING, LACES

&C. OUARANTErD QUALITY.

42, CHAPEL ST., LIVERPOOL. LONDON, CARDIFF, NEWPORT, & DUBLIN. LEATREEZ WORKS :- LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
1111 i (41iFAT REMEDY.

%OJAIIre GOUT

FOR WWI RH BIiMATISM, SLAATICA, LUMBAGO' The Bvcruciating ?till is quickly relieved. ure, Safe. and hffectu%l. 31J by all Chemists at Is. lkd i 2s 9 per )'Mi.

)NE BOA t MtKES' B 41 PILLS is war r ranted t, .• • - ' 'ie.:barges from the tirfitat v Organs In either se s (i., • r constitutional), Grew+ yid Pains in the back. , 'ic from Mercury. Soil ir Boxes, 4a. E.d. each, b. C and Patent Medicine Venders throng heut th.• ut, to any adAress for sixty stamps byths Makei a, ; : Alm Mum...lm -o,,UrferiVl DRIIQ COMPANY Lire Aleuts; BARMATè Sol,' London. and Nimes

J h'FORT iOMAIRII.O ?I R S.• -

Vti'tphle an • '‘,l.l' • renmulfee tor ~Ilerities an 6 tb, ',tett • ',ls hat. or 1 nt • and ne,,t-r I 1 to • • ipoirod (Moor . • •I to by

hnn.ireds (if psre :18,Ve !My etl ?I.JIi illness a - . ,-,attkped, enve ape for; - CIiiiIKLST , Urea. Anoesis-st..

===== 0002601_18960718_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
G

THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD DINORWIC AND IPENRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR ACKErRS, WHITLEY 1 CO., LD., BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES. HEAD OFFICE Arpley Station, Warrington. Telephone 19, Tel. Address, Arpley, Warrington. J Warrington.

EDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE

The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 5d., 10d., and is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES AND SON. WARRINGTON

TINS WORTH'S LEADING LINES. THE LIXUJI, 2s. 611.

In Half-a• Dozen Stylish Shapes. A Thorough Good, Reliable Hat. THE LEXUNI, 2s. 9D. Best Satin Lined, The Smartest Hat in the Trade. Half-Dozen Stylish Shapes. THE ELECTRIC, 3s. 9D.

All Pu7e Fur, Very Light and Flexible, Best Satin Lined, All the Latest Styles.

THE ZEPHYR, ss.

A Perfect Treat. The Newest Shapes, Serviceable Shades Perfect Ventilation, UNSWORTH BROS.,

"THE HATTERS."

7, LYME STREET, MARKET PLACE

WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
7Lettero to the 0-Ditor.

OLD AGE PENSIONS AS A SUPPLEMENT TO

WAGES.

Sir,—l look upon this scheme for giving the working man a pension at the age of 60 or 65 as a simple act of justice already too long delayed. At present it is in much the same hopeful condition as the famous scheme for "belling the cat." Both schemes are good, but there seems a little difficulty in carrying them out. There is no one to put on the bell and there is to one to pay the pension. Mr. Chamberlain and others most ingeniously propose that the workingman pay a part of the money. What a good and benevolent idea! How very rich it sounds. Dear workingman, you have worked very hard, so hard that you have made England the richest country under the sun and there is not another like her. Thanks to your life long labours, for deny it who can, there is none that can work like an Englishman.' Therefore we offer you our best advice—(very handsome present this) —our best advice mark you, which is," that you become thrifty ; that is to say do with a little less food,and don't drink so much,and—be careful with regard to the pur- chase of fine clothes and costly furniture. Yes,we know that your wife has had only one new dress since 3 our marriage,that little Bob wants books,that Polly is in need of a new frock,that there is only si.in the house towards paying this quarter's rent now nearly due, and that you are nearly distracted because you don't know how to get the money to enable you to live; but never say die, be determined to save a bit of money, keep on saving for forty-five years or so and we will try to get Government or somebody to add to your savings and thus give you a pension for the remainder of your life, if you live to be sixty-five." This then is the present state of things— there is nothing left for honourable old age but the ten- der mercies of the dishenourable workhouse. This is to be deplored, everybody says it's a shame. The Select Committee which sat in 1885-86-87 were of the same opinion, yet they could not say how old age was to be provided with a pension. Where is the diffi- culty ? Well, I must say that it seems at first sight to be a money difficulty. lam of another way of thinking. Supposing money in England was multiplied by any figure in the multiplication table,would such an increase of money solve the problem? Not a bit! Who would think of providing the workingman with a pension ? It is true some would think about it as many have already, and even speak about it. But thinking and speaking are not in themselves sufficient to provide a pension fund. Were they, there would have been but little cause for me to write this. There is plenty of money in England but the reason for its application to the purposes of granting the workingman an old age pension has never been made out. To say he ought not to be sent to the workhouse is not a reason why he should have a pen- sion, nos would I give him a pension because it would be kind and charitable to do ; for this would pauperize him; but if I can plainly show that he has earned a pension above and beyond the money he has received as wages—if I can show that a pension would he simply money" for value received " end that consequently, he cannot be deprived of it hc eestly—then I thiuk that England will pay this pension in accordance with her traditional love of justice. I find that the workingmen of England earn collec- tively £500,000,000 per annum (Griffin). It this vast inconceivable SUM be the amount of wages astuelly Reid it is very much under-stated. For notice—if you em- ploy a Bien and agree to pay him £1 per week, that man is bound to earn more than a pound or you will certainly discharge him for another more capable. You see if a man only earns his wages he is an unprofitable servant and therefore an impossible one. It is beyond question an employe must be a source of profit; how enuch,depends on circumstances, but say anything from ten to three hundred per cent. There is no need of straining and I am content by stating the lesser sum as the value of work done for doing whieh the working- man has really received nothing. This may seem un- warrantable. Let me explain. You employ a man at stated wages, say at £1 per week. At the same time you wish to make a profit. You have got him as cheaply as possible in order to pro- fit as much as possible. Then if you realise a profit the man must earn more than a pound. And if he earn more thau a pound he does work for which he gets nothing. The fact is all earnings over a pound rightly belong to the employer fio matter how much the man may do he gets his pound awl according to custom and law he is paid, and there is an end to the matter. I wish to point out that the working man gives more than he receives and so far as I know there is no way to prevent him from doing so even if it were desirable. For whe would be bothered with men if 'there was nothing to begot out of them, so that it is a standing rule that a master shall get the greatest amount of work done for the smallest amount of wages. In this manner the work- ing man is kept poor whilst he is always making his country rich. If a man whose wages are twenty shillings per week earn 33. 81. per day six days per week for fifty weeks a year,he will earn for his employer £5 for which he gets nothing; which is exactly ten per cent.on a year's wages. It is very rarely so small a sum as ten per cent is ob- tained on wages—generally it is much more. But this small sum will amount to £2OO in forty years. This is not all when he receives his 20s. he is bound to spend them ; and no matter how careful he may be in the manner of his spending, he will not receive the full value of his money according to wholesale prices ; for each one of the dealers he buys from will not forget to take some profit from him. In the first place his wages are less than his earnings—because he has to helo to keep his employer. In the second place the commodities he buys are of less marketable value than his waees—be- cause he has to help to keep the shopkeepers. But it may be asked has he to pay more for what he buys than others pay ? Certainly. Accidents, personal and family afflic- tions, shortness of work and no work at all, too often compel him to fall into debt aod to keep a shop book. He is now tied to deal at a particular shop for the necessary things of life, agreeing to pay on Saturday for goods bought in the week, if the shopkeeper has any religion at all it is the religion of Self. His faith is sure and steadfast in number one, be cannot afford to give any- thing. Net even does he give credit. Ne, he sells it, and he soils it at his own price which the werking-man is bound to pay. If we pursue this theme a little further we shall fad that in addition to keeping his employer and shop keeper lie may have to contribute towards the maintenance of a host of County Court ofileials, from the Judge downwards. In this way he generally "pave through the nose" for the goods he buys. If we aek the reason for these things, the smallness of his wages will fairly account for them. The man who buys by the ton buys cheaply, vehilst the man who goes to market with sixpence buys most dearly. Ii this way the working-man pays the ,e,weatest price. Plainly poverty is the most expensive thing in this world, and I estimate that the credit that the work- ingman gets for the small quantities of provisions he - buys will cost him ten per cent. over and above the price of the goode. I submit that it cannot be denied that in working he benefits his employer to the extent of two shillings per week Ale in epnding his twenty shillinen the shop- . s e keeper clears aneth ,r two ehillinge out of him. (This is eupposing that his ernpl e'er does not overwork him, nor the shop men ever-reacti him.) 'This means that he gives twenty per cent, more value to his country than he re- ceives. Indeed it is very dill-Imole to truly estimate the value of labour. Intrinsically it is of more value than 'old, and we have not yet succeeded in separating 1 ibour from the labourer. Jus' -nee I slid that the workingman collectively earned " £500.000,000 a veer." Ten per cent. on this is £5O 000,000 over and ;lbw. the amoinit ef wages he re- ceives. Truly wages, are not an equivalent for work done.

Here we make a mistake. Nominally his wages are £500,000,000. Really these are not his wages that he works for. Oh no! A man's wages are the things that he gets in exchange for the money he receives, such as his food, his drink, his clothes, his goods ; in short, his living. In making this exchange he receives ten per cent. less than his nominal wages which goes as profit Ls the dealers be buys from. By these means he adds a second fifty-millions to the national wealth, or in other words he receives one hundred millions a year less than be has earned. In the face of these faets,can we say that the working man has not already earned a pension? Most truly he has ! Then in the name of fair play let him have it. That wages are not equal to work has been acknow- ledged long ago. I well remember when they were sup- plemented by parish pay. Indeed, the provisions of the poor law is a case in proof. also in the case of the statesman, the soldier, and many others who, having served their country well, a grateful country has added to their wages, stipend or salary, a pension when their work hall been done. Let me ask, who has served his country so long, so sincerely, so successfully as the ' workingman? and that amid countless dangers, which too often prove fatal. Most truly he is the feundation of his country and the fountain of her wealth. But what a reward is his—poor fare, poor clothes, and poor shelter! Yet without him England could not exist. In conclusion, as it is utterly impossible for wages to equal work in value, England is greatly indebted to the workingman. And because he has worked and not been fully paid for his work, England owes him a living, which, to be honest, must be paid. But, oh sir, this living is not imprisonment for life in a work- house ;to be in the custody of a jailor called a work- house master; to submit to rules that grind his manhood to pauper-dust; to rob him of his liberty, his love, his life-long associations ! ! This curse is not the living England should mete out to those who have been enrich- ing her for forty long years with their valuable laboura. No,sir. But instead,let the aged workman (he or she as the case may be) live in his own cottage, smoke his own pipe, road his own book, in company with his own wife, in short,sit under his own apple or pear tree " none dar- ing to make him afraid."—Yours truly, FELIX SUMMERS. 5, Walton-road, Stocaon Heath.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINCiTON MUNICIPAL FINANCE.

A CRITICISII.

INTERESTING INTERVIEW.

Our readers will remember a series of articles on Municipal Finance which appeared in this journal a little more than two years ago. With the object of ascertaining whether in the opinion of the writer of those articles any progress had been made in regard to the finances of the Borough he was in- terviewed by an " Examiner' reporter, this week. We may add that this gentleman is connected with a large manufacturing firm in the town, and besides being an expert financier, has had some experience in municipal affairs. Our reporter took with him a copy of the Borough Treasurer's recently published abstract of accounts for the year ending 31st March 1896, and asked him for a few observations thereon. For some time the gentleman in question was closely occupied in studying the voluminous ac- counts. At length throwing the book on the table, and reclining in his chair, he said "A more confused statement of accounts I think it was never the lot of man to study or peruse! Why cannot the ratepayers have placed before them a clear statement showing the actual amount of the Borough debt; the amount paid in interest each year; and the amount paid in the reduction of the principal together with a total list of assets? I made the same sugges- tions two years ago but no improvement has been made. Just look at this footnote on page 155, stating that against the Borough Debt, the Cor- poration owns Gas Works, Water Works, Town Hall and Park 'and the rest of it. I know they own these but what are they worth to-day ? What amount of depreciation has taken place, and what is their true value ? "I suppose you would be told" said the reporter, " that in the case of such an undertaking as the Water Works, no depre- ciation has taken place, forl understand that they have spent an amount on new mains every year since it came into their possession. But what do you think of the rather remarkable increase in the assessable value of property in the Borough ? "Well, 1 am glad to note that there is an increase of £lB,OOO since 1893. I pointed out the under-assessment of Warrington in your issue of April, 28, 1894, when I made some observations on the borough accounts of the previous year. There has been a great leap made in the rateable value since. During the years 1891-2-3 i; had remained stationary or nearly so at £150,000. This year it is £168,660." "The rates have been reduced since 1893?" "Yes, this increased assessment has enabled them to reduce the rates by 81. in the _E. Credit for this must be given to the Assessment Committtee, an not to any shrewdness on the part of the Finance Committee in reborrowing money at a low rate of interest."

_ "Your statement of two years ago that the borough was under-assessed, viewed in the light of the figures presented now in the Corporation ac- counts, seems to have been correct? The new property that has been built would not have in- creased the rateable value by that amount in three years?" "The Chairman of the Finance Committee con- tradicted my statement at the time, and contended that at £150,000 the town was assessed upon its letting value! But if that was so, how is it that it has increased £IS,OOO in the short space of three years? How comes it about that they have been able to decrease the rates by Bd. in the £? They have done as much in three years in the way of in- creasing the assessable value as previously was done in six !" "1 think you previously suggested that the Cor- poration should consolidate its debts, get the time extended for the loans to run,and obtain the money at a lower rate of interest? Has your suggestion been carried out in any way ?" "There is no evidence in the accounts before me that any of the loans have been consolidated. I pointed out (here referring to his newspaper cut- ting book) on the 14th April, 1894, that by consoli- dating the borough debt a saving of something like £3,000 per annum could be effected or equal to 51. in the £ on the rates." "And what was to be said against that ?-

" It was argued that if the .Corporation obtained an Act of Parliament empowering them to consoli- date the debts,it could not over-ride the agreements entered into by the Corporation with the bond- holders. An agreement, it was said, was an agreement. But this is mere sentimental- ism. The city fathers who negotiated these early loans never anticipated the glut in the money market of to-day, and why should not the present generation take advantage of it? Let the Corpora- tion, as other bodies have done, obtain an Act to consolidate their debts, now amounting to over half a million sterling, and they could pay out these old bondholders, with their high rates of interest, without trouble. lam certain that the half-million required could be obtained at ,-or 2i. per cent. interest within twelve hours from being placed on the Stock Exchange. I should think et least 10s. per cent. interest could be saved. The Finance Committee have had a golden opportunity to refund their debt this year 9wing to the increase of the assessable value, but they have not been wise enough to take advantage of it. The writer of those lines on the Corporation which appeared in your paper some time ago,was perfectly right when he said : " There's a host of thinas to be done, The money has first to be won, The taxes red Heel The burdens reloosed, In good old Warrington."

===== 0002601_18960718_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCH ES-W A RRINGTON.

LATCHFORD BAP rlsr CHAPEL.

On Sunday the annual sermons in clnnection with the above place of worship were preached, afternoon and evening by the Rev. S. R. Aldridge. B A., L.L D. (of Southport). The morning sins occupied by a special children's service canducted 5y the pastfar (the Rev. C. Andrew), in the schoolroom. It wa.s a service for the young, pure and simple, and of an exceedingly hearty description. The Rev. C. Andrew's address was on the unique sut jct. " Beware of do. " This was not meant doas " VMS f:he metaphorical in the literal sense, but " title for common evils. Those which Mr. Andrew par- ticularly exhorted his hearers to beware of were the " dogs " of profanity, bad temnir, and hid literature. i He pointed his remarks very 6kilfully and t was evident, that the chil.lren were impressed by what he said. There was a good congregation, and a better one still in the afternoon, when the Rev. Dr. Aldridgze preached an ad- mirable discourse " Praise to God." 'The choir rc n dered the anthem "I will (Jive thanks " very creditably At the eveninc, service the chapel was crowded, and the preacher's sermon was on j "The life of God," and was equally good. Great attention was paid to it, and an- other anthem by the ciao'''. "The Lard is my Sheph, rd " waF well appreciated. Collections were taken at each , service during the day, and realiAed the handsome sum lof RIZ, which is a little in advance of previous years.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER SATCIWAY, JULY 18, ISOO.

WARRINGrON.

A LITTLE GIRL BURNED.

On Monday morning, about eleven Q'clock, a little girl, named Florence Herbert, aged three years,and who lives with her parents at Pierpoint-st., was admitted to the Warrington Infirmary suffering from burns about the body, received, it is believed, whilst playing with matches. She is now progressing favourably.

LAWN MOWERS.—GkRLA,ND, Bridge-street, War rington,—Adrt. TIIE NEW GOVERNMENT BUILDINGS FOR WARRINGTON.

Seven tenders were received for the building of the new Government offices in Palmyra-square as follows :—Messrs. Brown and Backhouse, £lO4ll ; Mr. R. W. Collin, £9,331 ; Messrs. Robert Neill and Sons, £9,200; Messrs. W. Thornton and 50n5,X9,153; Mr. w. Winnard, £9,064 5 ; Mr. C. W. Davenport, £8990; n d Messrs. Beckett and Company, Hart- ford, .£8,235. The last-named contract has been accepted.

EVERY CYCLIST should ust, JOHN S. GRH EN'S

NEW ROA.D MAP,6O miles about Warring,on.ls.6d.nett. at 34, Bridge-st. and 23,8uttermirket-9t.-sdrt. FIELD CLUB EXCURSION TO PRESTON BROOK. On S_laturclay, by the courtesy of Mr. W. Mor- timer, the members of the above club were per- mitted to ramble through Birdswood, Preston Brook. Though the weather and locality were alike favour- able,there was only a small attendance. Those mem- bers who did go were amply repaid for their exer- tions, since, though no absolutely new records were made, about a dozen rare species of plants were noted, whilst the boxes and bottles of the entomologists were speedily leaded with a pro- fusion of good specimens BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHOIR.

On llonday, through the kindness of the trustees the above choir held their annual trip to Llan- dudno. Tha weather was everything that could be desired, and this, together with the excellent ar- rangements which had been made, contributed in no small degree to the visitors' enjoyment. In the afternoon a drive round Great Orme's Head was particularly enjoyable, and after tea, which was served at Mr. Summet's, of the Grosvenor Restaur- ant, a hearty vote of thanks tc) the trustees was pas.secl,on the motion of Mr. Harrison, organist and choirmaster. Home was reached soon after nine o'clock, everyone admitting that it was the most enjoyable trip they had ever had.

SEQUEL TO THE THUNDERSTORM. On Monday morning at half-past nine o'clock a gas explosion occurred at the house of Mrs. Webb, 9, Dutton-st. There had been a leakage of gas in the kitchen due to the late thunderstorm, and to remedy this defect she sent for the gas-fitters to examine the pipes. While the men wero busily engaged in this,when half the flags which cover the kitchen were removed from the floor, an explosion occurred. Two children and Mrs. Webb, who were sitting on the sofa, were thrown to the floor, the flags were torn up, the door leading into the street was torn off its hinges, falling upon Mrs. Webb and pinning her to the ground. Mr. Lake, one of the worktn,?n,was struck in the face violently with a piece of the debris. Happily except the small injury received by him, no one was hurt.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND

ATHLETICS.

CRICKET.

It is true enough that there is " nothing succeeds like success " and the Warrington cricket eleven further exemplified it on Saturday by inflicting a crushing defeat en the Cheadle Dulme team who made teir first visit. From the fact that they only put together 53 runs against Warrington's 151, I should imagine they will viea the next engagement with Warrington with something like apprehension. There was a fair attendance of specta- tors on the Arpley ground but none predicted the total collapse of the visitors after their first wicket was down. Scrimshaw was, however, at his best and took eight wickots for 23 runs, all of which succumbed to his last 6 overs, from which only 5 runs were scored, the batting being devoted to the first four. Saturday was in fact, the professionals' day for not only did Scrimshaw effect this remarkable performance, but his brother " pro. " wielded the willow in masterly style for the fine score of 72. It will be again noticed what a strange fatality attaches itself to 70, or thereabouts, for this season alone 71 has been made three times and now Thewlis has added a 72 to the list.

The visitmrs were fortunate enough at the commence- ment to win the toss and they of course prepared to ex- tract runs from the fine wicket which had been prepared. Their initial partnership was between A. E. Taylor and C. V. Rome. By the way,there were three of the visit- ing team bearing the latter pronnioing name but none of them could persuade the ball to indulge in " roaming " to any extent. Taylor batted freely and drove the bowling to the boundary repeatedly. Connor and Scrim- shaw were each driven twice in succession but the fez mer, revenged himself by sending dowu a ball which collided with Taylor's middle stump.ll6 had made 28 in very quick time but it was the first and last flash of the visiting team. C. U. ,Taylor joined Rome who was playing cautiously, and commenced by unceremoniously sending a slow one from Connor to the margin of the field. The next over however was differ- ent for Connor put in a ball which lifted Taylor's off stump out of the ground before he was quite aware that it had arrived. At this point Scrim- shaw got "set," and in oue over spread the stumps of E. Rome, C. H. Williams, and A. Rome, the first two with successive balls. C. V. Rome retired in the next over, and following this S. Colles and W. G. Redfern were also dismissed with successive balls. The bowler was thus aggravatingly near to performing the "hat trick" twice in a match. R. Todd now occupied the wicket and had the distinction of carrying out his bat for 8. Mayor was bawled by Scrimshaw for 4, and G. Colles became lbw for a "duck." This Concluded the innings, and it redounds greatly to Flampson's credit that not a single extra was allowed. Fielding was also smart, but very few chances of a catch were provided by the short stay of each of the Cheadle flulme bats- men.

Not much effort was required of Warrington to pass the score of the visitors and they succeeded in trebling it comfortably. Bibby and Thewlis opened, but the start was disappointing. Bibby was beaten by Mayor at eight and Connor retired without scoring when the runs had totalled 11. Thewlis was, however, well within his powers and being j lined by Hampson runs came rapidly. Fours fell to each batsmen, but after hitting 12 Flampson fell to Mayor. Clarke left the " pro " to do the hitting and stayed till the half century was reached, when he had the satisfaction of scoring the winning hit. A few minutes later the home captain let Mayor in and W. H. Podmore took his place. Between him and Thewlis a long partnership ensuedgand both the batsmen made the ball travel. A. E. Taylor, A. Romegand S. Colles, were put on to bowl but could not affect a separation. The century was hoisted amid cheers and Thewlis had then knocked up 50. Again the bowling was changed and Thewlis was disposed of through failing to reach the crease. His 72 had included some particularly skilful batting. Podmore continued,' but England, Voisey, Scrimshaw, and R. Silcock were all out for small scores, and Podmore carried out his bat for a level half century. A collection was taken for the two professionals, and the pleased spectators were not slow in response.

An equally decisive victory was obtained by the second eleven at Cheadle Flulme, when they put toge- ther the excellent, total of 205. Batting first they sent in Adamson and Silcock who opened well. The latter was caught and bowled for 24 and his partner made 26. Unsworth joined the Warrington captain and negotiated the boundary with freedom. An hour and a half's play saw the century put up, and three runs later Unsworth was run out, after contributirm a fine 53. Rushworth added 35, Duckworth 22, and Soh. 15 (not out). Cheadle Flulme only contrived to make 77, of which Alcock and Kirk scored 21 and 24 respectively,and were both caught by Duckwnrth. The visitors were in a catching hum- our, for six of the homesters were thus dismissed, three in succession by Duckworth. Crompton and Unsworth bowled well.

The Cheshire Lines Engineers proved victorious over St. Helens L.& N.-W. on Saturday. They both batted and bowled well. Plackett contributed 23. Walker 38, and Gleave (set out), 19. A tote of 110 was com- piled. The Saints were unable to play the bowline of Monks and Harrison at all, the former taking 6 wickets for 25 runs and performing the " hat trick," and the latter 4 wickets for 12 runs. 39 runs was all that the visitors could put against the C.L.E. figure.

The second elevens of these clubs played at St. Helens. The Engineers were beaten by 13 runs. Genders with 11 was the ocly batsman who did well, while for the homesters Wilson commenced the innings with 13. Ten extras were alsa added to the score, and these went far towards victory.

Grappenhall second was in a scoring humour on Saturday. for at Winnint_ton they made 164 runs for three wickets. The home eleven placed 77 against this, and were thus badly •` licked." Wicket-keeping was good on both sides, for only two extras went between them.

A close game was played at Moore between St.Elphins and the home eleven with the result that the Saints were beaten by 7 runs. Hattnn not out made 15,which was the highest score on either side. Moore made 39 runs and received 8 extras, 'nom than they gave. An- trobus bowled well for them, and Duckworth for the Saints.

There was an afternoon's exercise at Moore on Mon- day night, when Daresbury and Moore engaged to play a cricket match. ita the latter only made 12 runs be- tween them, and the former 7, the description "cricket match "is somewhat ot a misnomer. Eleven O's were made during the game.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLING.

Saturday was quite a red-letter day in the annals of ) the Warrington Cycling club, as Mr. J.) Naylor, of Beeston Castle, had invited as many members of the club who could make it convenient, to ride and have tea with him at his beau- ful residence, and about 30 members availed themselves of his kind invitation. After a pleasant ride from War- rington to Beeston they were met at the gate by Mr. sylor, who conducted them round the various places of interest at his place, and shortly afterwards all sat down to a sumytucus repast, provided over by Mr. and Mrs. J. Naylor, in a spacioui room overlooking the grounds. After ample justice had been done to the viands. Mr. E. Pickavance, one of the hon. secretaries of the club, pro- posed a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. and Mrs. Ntvlor for their generosity. In the course of his remarks he alluded to the fact that Mr. Nayler's cycling experi- ences dated back from the times of the " boneshaker," and he had kept up his enthusiasm to the preAent day, being one of the chief consuls for Cheshire of the Cyclist Touring Club, and doing an immense amount of good to cycling generally. Mr. D. Davies seconded the proposition in a neat little speech.in which he spoke in glowing terms of Mr. Navlor's work on behalf of cycling. The proposition be- ing carried with cheers,Mr. Naylor in a few well-chosen remarks replied.and expressed a hope that the visit of the club mif.,,nt be an annual one,a sentiment which was received with great enthusiasm. After a stroll round, an adjournment was made into the house,and a musical entertainment followed. Messrs. W. Brown, W. Meun. field, J. Pemberton, J. Naylc r, D. Clayton, and F. Cooke obliging the company with their services. The machines were then got out, and with hearty cheers for Mr. and Mrs. Naylor and family, the patty wended their way across the dusky avenues of Delamere Forest, and after a pleasant run of a couple of hours the lights of War- rington loomed up on the horizon and reminded the cyclists that the good old town Vr as reached after one of the most pleasant outings the club has ever held.

On Tuesday evening about 25 members of the club went; for a ron co Plumbley. Here the party put up at " The Smoker" and had an impromptu concert there. An enj iya.ble ride home im the evening was experienced.

SWIMMING. Warrington is pretty strongly represented this year in water pck). The team has only been beaten twice and on each occasion by St. Helens, which result was a fore- gone conclusion. The return match was played on Tues- day evening at Warrington but it was not of a very open character. The visitors were the superior team, being mere dea terus in sh-g)ting and passing, especially back- wards. Afihton seemed to be the weak spot in the home team but it was more from lack of weight and strenoth than from inc pacit7. Hoscow too, might improve. Still, as at present consti!uted. the team ought to ha able to account for any of the other teams in the Liverpool and District League.

TRIVELLI TIZUNKS.—GARLimn, Ironral nger, Warrington —Advt. IRO and 13R AbS IieIDiTEADS,--GAALIND, Iron- nacmgrr, Warrington,—Adat.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
SUCCESSFUL MUSIC PUPILS.

Mr. E. Wilkes, organist of St. Paul's Church, and pupil of Mr. J. J. Lythgoe, L.L.C.M., has success- fully passed the diploma examination in connec- tion with the London College of Music held at Liverpool. This success carries with it the privi- lege of appending to his name the letters A.L.C.M., also to wear the college cap and gown. Of the three examinations held in December, April, and July, he has passed all, having gained four certifi- cates and the diploma. At the recent examination held in Liverpool, in cennection with the London College of Music, the following pupils of Mr. Lyth- goe also successfully passed : Pianoforte playing (elementary) Elsie hythgoe and Bessie Clark. At the recent examination of the Royal Academy of Music (Liverpool Centre). Miss Hannah Brough, contralto, pupil of Mr. Levi Richardson, passed with honours in singing—intermediate.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
MUSIC IN THE PARK.

On Sunday afternoon the Latchford Band rendered the following selection of music " Glen Innis" (J. Wade) ; quick march, " Egremont "(E Newton) ; overture, " The Cavalier" (G. Allen) ; fantasia, " Alpha " (J. Haigh) ; anthem, "The Grand Truth " (T. Gregson); overtwe, "In the Twilight " (J. Ord Hume) ; "God save the Queen." There was a large number of people present. On Monday evening Buckley-street Band rendered the follow- ing programme of dance music :—Polka, "Happy Faces " ; waltz," Night and Morning "; schottische, " Admiration " ; waltz, " Fower Girl " ; quadrille, " Theodora " ; " God save the Queen." The music was enjoyed by a large number of people. On Wednesday evening the Brick-street Mission Band I rendered the following selections of music : March, " Jolly Briton ;" selection, " Silver Trumpets ;" selection, " England ;" selection, 1" Daughter of the Regiment ;" " Wild Flower I Waltzes;" "God save the Queen." There was a ! fairly large number of people present.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
FUNERAL OF CORPORAL EVANS.

With railli:a73-7-11-oM-nu7s--. the remains of Corporal Charles Evans,of Green-st., Warrington, were laid to rest in the Warrington Cemetery on Sunday afternoon, in the presence of a large concourse of people. The deceased was only 22 years of age,and was a member of the cycling corps in connection with the Warrington Volunteers. He had been connected with the Volunteers since 1891, and was promoted to the position of corporal on the 27th May last. He attended the annual encampment at Conway this year, and although his health had not been good for some time, his death came unex- pectedly. He was connected with Holy Trinity Sun- day School, and many scholars attended the funeral as a mark of respect. There was a strong muster of Volunteers in attendance. They formed up in the Drill Hall under the command of Captain R. J. Chorley at 12.15, and marched to the deceased's late residence, where a procession was formed headed by the Volunteer Band, conducted by Bandmaster Armstrong. Along the route taken by the cortege the band played at intervals the Dead March in Saul." There were 160 volunteers in the procession, and amongst the officers present were :—Sergeant-Major Sullivan. Sergeant-Instruc- tor Barker, and a number of colour-sergeants and sergeants. The service was conducted by the Rev. 11. V. Pigot, vicar of St. Paul's. The coffin was covered by the Union Jack and numerous wreathe, and was conveyed to its last resting-place by mem- bers of the cycling corps. The customary three volleys were fired over the deceased's grave. LOYAL ORDER OF ANCIENT SHEPHERDS, A.U.—

===== 0002601_18960718_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON DISTRICT.

The quarterly eneeiing of the above district was held on Saturday at the Late Spring Rose Lodge, Barley Mow Inn, Warrington,under the presidency of Pro. C.S. Bro. T. C. Duckworth. He was sup. ported by the D 0.C.5., Bro. William Eckersley (dis- trict treasurer). Bro. James Parr (district secretary), Bro. Peter Etigar, and 20 other delegates, represent- ing the inten-ers of the lodges forming the dis- trict. After thti meeting had been duly opened the

accounts for the past quarter were- iead, and were tound to he of a highly satisfactory nature. The accounts showed that the funeral claims had been extremely light,and that a substantial SUM had been added to the capital of the district burial fund, and on the auditors (Messrs. Kirkham and Massey) certifying to their correctness the same were duly passed. When the transaction of the ordinary business had been concluded the meeting proceeded to the election of the district officers for the ensuing year. Bro. illiam Eckersley was tin- , ani-nously elected to the position of Pro. C.S. of the district. Teere was considerable interest in the election of a deputy, there being four candidates ; and after three rounds ot close voting the honour fell on Bro. Henry Warburton. Bros. Lawrence Weir and D. Harris were re-elected district ex- aminers Bro. William °leave, who was the local representa:ive at the A.M.C. a-, Newcastle-on-Tyne, gave a Very interesting r.port of the proceedings at that meeting. A short discussion took place upon the various subjects mentioned, and a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to him. A short statement as to the receet quinqeennial valuation • of the lodges and district was made, from which it was rtained that generally the valuer's report was of a favourallo :lattice, and showed marked im- provement upon the previous valuation. Time, however, weuld not allow any discussion, and con• sequently it was relegated to a future meeting. The newly-elected officers were duly installed, and thanked the delegates assembled for the honour conferred upon them. The meeting terminated by a hearty rote of thanks being given to the retiring chief, Bro. T. C. Duckworth, for his valuable ser- vices. Bro. Duckworth suitably replied. PONSONBY'S HAIR RESTORKA, greatAlscovery, Most Refre•liiiN Wash, Marvellous Results, Innumetable Tes!iroonial., P.tronised by Royalty. In great demand by Professionals, makes the Hair Grow, prevents Bald- ness, invigorating, restores hair to its natural colour, iv e heathy and youthful appearance. Most astonish- ing results ; 2,1 6d Bottle, post free.—Address Mrs. PoN- SONiq, 25, Lime-st., Liverpool—Advt.

EMILESTOWN A.ND NEWTON.

DRUNKENNESS.

At the Earlestown Police Station on Monday morning before Mr. J. W. Emmett, William Lloyd, labourer, was charged with being drunk at Earles- town on Saturday, and was fined 2s. 6d. and Costs. VIADUCT INSTITUTE TECHNICAL I NSTRUC !lON

===== 0002601_18960718_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
CLASSES.

The results of the science and art examinations in steam, held in connection with the above classes, are as follows:—W. H. Beilby, and J. E. Price, E. pass.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
TEUPFIRANCE MEETING AT EARLESTOWN.

Under the auspices of the Hope of Earlestown Lodge of Good Templars, an open air temperance meeting was held in the Market Place, Earlestown, on Wednesday evening. Mr. W. H Dale presided, and a stirring address was delivered by the Rev. J. A. Lee, D.O T., of Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
EXCURSION FROM COLLINS GREEN.

The employes of the Collins Green Colliery Com- pany held their annual excursion to Blackpool on Saturday. About 1,400 persons were conveyed in two special brains leaving Collins Green at 5 45 and 6 3 a.m. The weather at Blackpool was of a beau- tiful description and full advantage was taken thereof. The return journey was commenced at 9.32 and 10.24, Collins Green being reached at 11.10 and 11.35.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLARY.

The weekly session of the Hope of Earlestown Lodge of Good Templars was held in the Co-opera- tive Hall OD Monday evening. There was a large attendance. Bro. G. Clarke presided. The reports of No. 1 Convention field on Saturday,and a visit to the members of the Claremont Lodge, Bolton, were given by Bro. Newman and adopted. The pro- gramme of the evening was entitled "A trip to London, which proved an interesting item.

ALLEGED AGGEAVATED ASSAULT AT NAYDOCK.

At the Warrington Occasional Court on Thurs- day, before Mr. Ziba Armitage, Thomas Cunliffe, barber, Haydock, was charged on a warrant for committing an aggravated assault on Mrs. Agnes Hingley on Monday at Haydock. Mr. Jenkins, for the prosecutrix, alleged that Cunliffe struck his client two violent blows on the iorehead, and hit her in the body. Cunliffe was remanded to the Newton Sessions, bail being allowed.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
VIADUCT INSTITUTE BOWLING CLUB.

On Saturday afternoon in connection with the above club a bowling handicap was played on the green under favourable conditions, for Mr. W. Meh- inge' prize. There were 32 entries, and some of the competitions were fairly close. The first prize, e. dinner service was gained by Mr. Peter Talbot ; second prize, copper kettle, Mr. J. Mitchell ; third prize, set of jugs, Mr. J. Barlow. The prizes were presented by Mr. T. Compton, vice-chairman.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCIDENT TO M. S. HASELTON.

Mr. S. ilaselton, provision dealer, Earlestown,met with on accident last week, which did not find its way into the local press. It appears he was driv- ing out with his brother-in-law, Mr. Kydd, of Overton, and when descendnig a steep hill at Frod- sham the horse bolted, and the occupants of the phaeton were thrown out. Mr. Kydd sustained in- juries to his legs, hands, &c., and Mr. 'laselton had two ribs broken and his head and face cut, both gentlemen being also severly shaken.,

===== 0002601_18960718_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLA.RY.

The Earlestown Ebenezer Lodge held its weekly Session in the Co-operative Hall, on Tuesday even- ing. Bro. T. Dean, CT,, opened the meeting, after which the members of the Leigh Alpha Lodge were recived with honours. Bro. Young, C.T., of Leigh, then presided and gave an address. The following programme was given :—Bro. Yates, a reading; Bro. Hulme, a sole ; Bro. France, a recitation ; Bro. Bachelor, a solo ; Bro. Williams, a reading; Bro. Young, a solo; Bro. Yates' a reading; Sister Yates, a solo; Bro. Hulme,a solo; Bro. France, a recitation. Thanks werm tendered to the visitors and the meeting then closed.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
HAYDOCK COLLIERIES EXCURSION.

The annual excursion promoted for the benefit of the employes of Messrs, K. Evans and Co., of Hay- dock and Golborne took place on Saturday to Black- pool. Something like 3,000 men, women and chil- dren left Haydock in four special trains between 5.35 a.m. and 6.55, and Blackpool was reached with- out mishap in about a couple of hours afterwards. It goes without saying that all the places of inter- est were visited,and a very large number,taking ad- vantage of the balmy weather, enjoyed an annua dip in the" briny." The return journey was made at various times the first train leaving Blackpool at 6.35 p.m. and the last at 11.20 p.m.

ST. JOHN'S CHURCH CHOIR. The annual special services in support of the choir funds of the above church were held on Sun- day. At,the morning and evening services excel- lent sermons were preached by the Rev. Daniel R.todes, vicar of St. Gabriel's, Middleton, Oldham, and there were fairly large congregations present. ' At the morning service the choir sang the anthem "Lord of all power and might," and in the evening "In Jewry is God known." In the afternoon, Part 2of the sacred cantata " Christ and His soldiers" (Farmer) was rendered by the choir. There was only a very poor attendance of the congregation, but the cantata was excellently rendered. Mrs. Latimer presided at the organ. The collections at all the services amounted to .£4 19s. 61. PROMOTION FOR POLICE SERGEANT CLARKE (EARLESTOWN.) Police Sergeant Clarke, of Earlestown, has been appointed Inspector of Weights and Measures for the division of Ashton-under-Lyne, and he left Earlestown on Tuesday to take up his new duties. It is exactly 12 months since Sergeant Clarke was promoted from Constable and transferred from Birkdale to Earlestown. During his stay at the latter place he has gained many friends by his own never failing courtesy and kindness, and he leaves Earlestown with the good wishes of the townspeo- ple for his success. He has also carried the esteem and respect of the officers with whom he was as- sociated, and his removal from Earlestown will be viewed by them with regret. Sergeant Clarke is but a young man, and his rapid advancement is a proof of his sterling merit 7, WARGRAVE CHURCH CHOIR.

The members of the above choir,to the number of I 27,held their annual picnic on Saturday, the destin- ation this year being Llandudno. Leaving Earles- town by the 7.25 a.m. train in reserved carriages, they reached Llandudno at half-past ten, after a wait of half an hour at Chester. Dinner was served at 11.45 at the Parade liotel,and the catering being of an excellent character, the meal was much en- joyed. After dinner five landaus were chartered and the party drove to Colwyn Bay, the journey there and back and the beauty of the scenery on the route being most enjoyable. Tea was partaken of at the Parade Hotel at 5.30, after which the 114- tervening time was spent in shopping, Sze. Llan- dudno was left at 7.3o.Earlestown being reached at 10.20. The day was beautifully tine and a very pleasant outing resulted. The arrangements were carried out by Mr. E. Leyland, and were of an ex- cellent character. BURGLARY AT NEWTON.

Between Saturday and Monday evening the resi- dence of Mrs. Appleton, Park Road, Newton, was burglariously entered during the absence from home of the occupants. Mrs. Appleton left home for a holiday on Saturday leaving everything secure, and on Monday evening a neighbour, Mrs. Winstanley, went into the back yard for the purpose of feeding Mrs. Appleton's cats, when she saw that the back kitchen window had been forced, and the house entered. She saw something was wrong and wired for Mrs. Appleton who returned home on Wednes- day. An examination of the premises disclosed the fact that although all the drawers had been forced open and everything in the place had been scattered ' about, nothing was missing. All the silver and other articles of value were intact, and it is sup- posed the burglars were in search of money, of which commodity they found none. A missionary box was broken open and emptied,but it is thought there were only a few coppers in it. The police have the matter in hand. EARLESTOWN FOOTBALL CLUB.

On Mon—day evening the medals gained by the members of the above team in consequence of their winning the Lancashire Alliance Championship for the past stmson, were distributed at the Griffin Hotel by Mr. Couneillor Beatty. In connection wili the distribution a smoking concert was held at which there were about 80 persons present. Mr. Beatty presided. and in the course of the evening presented the following members of the team with the medals, to each of whom he spoke a few worth;

of encouragement, viz., Messrs. W. Wilkinson (cap- tain), Joseph Lee, J. Mather. C. Taylor, A. Limond, H. Clarke, J. Clibborn, J. Topping, H. Edin,)ndson, C. Lee, J. Lee, T. Hughes, and A. Lee. The melia:s were of gold and bore a suitable inscription. _ _ . _

Several toasts were proposed and duly honoured, and songs were contributed by the follGwing, Messrs. S. Ss% ann, J. liuddleston, W. Beatty, J. Mel- lor, J. Shaw, and J. Dee. Votes of thanks to t Chairman and singers brought the proceedings to a close.

NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLESTOWN.

The proceedings of the District Council last week were remarkable for one thing, and that was their extreme brevity. To get through all the business of the Council in one hour is an accomplishment of which the members may feel proud. They seem to have put aside the little bickerings which at the formation of the Council characterised the proceed- ings, and to have settled down to a business-like attitude. Of course this is all due to the committees, at which the real work and discussion takes place, and of which the outside public know little or nothing. There is almost an entire absence in the press ot reports and comments on scenes, and per- haps it is as well this is so, as certainly it is not creditable to the Council to ficTe blazoned forth to the world a monthly account of scenes which are only looked upon by sober people as ridiculous.

While on this subject I should like to nllude to the intimation given try Councillor Gilmour that he would bring before the next committee meeting the question of the publication of the committee's minutes before the holding of the monthly Council meeting. For my part Ido not see what difference the publication of the minutes can make, nor what influence they can have upon the meeting. Thie question was brought up some time ago, and opin- ions on the policy of publication were then some- what divided, but no steps were taken to prevent the public being informed beforehand of the busi- ness to be considered at the Council, and I am not aware that anything has transpired since then to warrant the Council in requesting the non-publica- tion of the minutes. I think the Council should do all in their power to prevent anything being done which would savour of secrecy ; all their doings should be open to public criticism. I am an advo- cate for the admission of the Press to committee meetings.

The serious trap accident which happened at the Vulcan last week should act as a warning to drivers of vehicles through that dangeroue locality. It is well known that the Vulcan is reached by a rather steep brow,alongside which runs the L. & N.-W.R. and towards the bottom of the declivity two sets of rails cross. Further than this the submit is on a somewhat sharp curve, and drivers of vehic:es should exercise extreme care in driving down the hill. This is not the first accident of the kind which has happened, and yet I learn that vehicles are ofted driven down at a speed sufficient to make a timid parson's hair stand on end. Furious driving is not a rarity, and the police might find a little occupation in preventing it.

I am very pleased to hear that Police Sergeant Clarke of Earlestown, has been promoted to the position of Inspector of Weights and Measures in the Asht3n-under-Lyne division. Whilst express- ing my pleasure at the success of the popular sergeant,l must add my regrets at the, loss the town sustains by his removal. I feel certain in this I shall he joined by all the pressmen in the district, for in all his dealings with newspaper representa- tives he was ever courteous and genial, and always willing to afford the fullest information in regard to any cases coming within his knowledge. In this respect he will be missed.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

McCORQUODALE AND COVPANY'S CRICKET CHALLENGE CUP.

NEWTON PRINTING WORKS V. LEEDS PRINTING WORKS. —These teams met at Newton on Thursday afternoon to compete for possession of the challenge cup given by Messrs. McCorquodale and Co. for competition at cricket amongst their emploN ei at their printing works of New- ton, Leeds, and London. The Newtoe, team won the toss, and elected to bat first, and in the result they de- felted the Leeds team by 148 runs, the batting of Cooke being remarkably clever. The following are the scores :

NEWTON. LEEDS. J Cooke b Shepherd W H Parks b Shepherd lB Cooke W H Hindley b Shepherd... 4 13 Shepherd c Gee b W Gee b Alderson H Pearson c Hobson b It Chorley b Cooke 2 Aides son.. A Boshell c Holdswor h b J Holdsworth c Hindley Holmes H It Hindley c Smith b S Smith c end b Cooke l3 Shepherd W Wilki Awn b Smith J Galloway b Shepherd lO J Fraser not out T Dudgeon b Holmes... ...... 3 T Chamberlain b Cooke 9. C W "Lindley not out 27 It Alderson b Dudgeon ... 0 "Oates l5 Extras 4

_ Total 211

Total

NEWTON DIVISION BOWLING ASSOCIATION. LEIGH CHALLENGE CUP. NEWTON NURSERY Y. ASHTON RECHEA.TION.-011 Satur- day, the 11th inst. NURSERY. ASHTON.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
AT ASHTON.

J Kenyon G Sturgess l2 J Wiliiams 2l W Ellam l7 Blinstou 1 James Ellam ll J Simm (captain) 2l J Bennett T Gorse G McCormack W Kent

===== 0002601_18960718_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
AT NEWTON.

E Wyatt (captain) -16.. -T-Worsley R Davies 2l C Painter H Holdcroft W Randall 2O J Dooley 2l J Chapman 2l T Cross J Randall J Wyatt 2l J Knowles l7 A Boardman 2l W Sutton

287 281 Majority for Nursery 6 points. NEWTON-LE-WILLOW3 V. NEWTON NIIRSERY,—On Mon- day 13-h inst.

NEWTON-LE-WILLCWS NEWTON NURSERY. AT NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS.

W Fairclough G Lyons 2l G McCormack I Bateman H weetlove 2l T Croston A Gough 2l L Murphey l3 3 Himmer 3 Appleton J Croushley jun.,

- _ AT NURSERY I Atken - Owen 2l A McCoy ......... .............. 14 I Unsworth D Davies l5 It Davies 2l J Lennox I Mc' :ormack I Cameron l2 I I Randal1.. W Taker B Turner 2l H Holderott

270 243 Majority for Newton-le-Willows, 27 points. NEvrroN- LE- W ILLOWS V. Non THASILTON. —On Saturday July 11th, 1896, Newton gave North Ashton a walk over couuting 2 points to North Ashton.

THE ST. HELENS BURGLARIES.

LARGE RECOVERY OF STOLEN PROPERTY.

Hugh ileattie, a mechanic, of Claughton-street, St. Helens, was brought before Alderman Sinclair and Mr. Saarples at St. Helens on Thursday, and charged with having, between the 23rd and 25th March list, broken and entered the dwelling house of Mr. James Marsh, 5, Windle-street. and stolen therefrom jewellery and other articles, altogether to the value of £3O. Inspector Steele (in the absence of the Chief Constable) stated that between the dates named the inmates of 5, Windle-street, were away, and when they returned they found that the house had been broken open, and the prop( rty named taken. On Friday last Miss Battersby, housekeeper to Mr. Marsh, was passing a pawnshop in the town when she saw three brooches, which she recog- nised as her property, and which had been stolen. She gave informatian to the police, and it was found that they had been pledged by prisoner's wife. Mrs. Beattie was now in gaol under remand,and when prisoner found , that his wife was in custody he absconded. Detective-sergeant Strong stated that on Sunday morning last he went to prisoner's house, and found a great number of pawntickets and a lot of other property tlat- he could see had been stolen from various houses in the borough. He conveyed the property to the Town Hall, and it had been identified by various people as con- , nected with about fourteen robberies. On Wednesday lie apprehended Beattie at Sir Joseph Whitworth's en- gineeiing works, Gorton, near Manchester. At first he denied that his name was Beattie' and said he had not lived in St. Helens, but afterwards he admitted it. Inspector Steele asked for a remand until Tuesday next, when the husband and wife could be charged to gether. It was intimated that Mr. H. L. Riley had been in- Ftructed to appear on behalf of the Pawnbrokers' Associa- tion, and that he had no objection to the remand. Prisoner was accordingly remanded. The stolen property, now at the police office, is of a most tniscellaoeous description, and includes watches, brooches, and other jewellery, wearing apparel, writing materials, books,Bibles, an air gun, a pair of silent shoes arid a large quantity of keys. Numbers of people have visited and inspected the property, and have identified , artickis talon from their houses or offices.

-11;1- Greece in third—centicrl-i".c:,—the--wearing ef silk was forbidden to women ,the husbands of those who violated this law being heavily fined, on the theory that a busband ought to be able to control his wife's taste for finery.

.................... : ----------

MA RKETS. WARRINGTON MAT KET --Weireeemar July 15,trtbrf FRUIT VEGETABLE POULTRY. BUI:CFIERS' FISHMONGRITABLE: fe. d. s. d. s d• P. 3 ' 0 Beef. Eng tiso sto 0 9 Melons eecb 0 0- 0 1 Lamb per lb, 0 8- 0 11 Oranges; each 0 i•-• 0 3 Mutton, it 0 6-0 10 Celery 97 stick 0 0- 0 I Veal „ „ 0 6-0 10 Pears 0 0- 0 0 Pork . „ 0 5- 0 8 A, rickets each. 0 0- n 1 Pork sides ... 0 0 5 Carrots per Ile 0 0-- 0' `3 , cured... 0 4t- 0 5 Caulitlo'rs each 0 0- n 6 Whole pigs,sc. T 0 - 7 3 Cucumbers „ 0 0- 6 Geese lb 0 0-0 10 Cabbages ,0 1- 0 6 Fowls Pcouple 4 0- 0 0 Tomato...lo re 1 0- 0 01` Chickens 4 U- 5 6 Filberts lb ... 0 8- n 1 Ducklings - 0 0 Spanish Oni'n 0- Rabbits - 3 0 Turnirs 0 1 - 0 Hares each... 0 0' - 0 0 Asparigus )100' 0 0- 0 0 Pigeons „ 10- 0 0 Pota'oes p lead 46- 0 1 Pa'edgebr'ee 3 0- 0 0 Newootatoes 0 0- 0 Grouse „ 0 0 --- 0 0 Mushrooms ye, 0 0 • $ Pheasants... 0 0 -0 0 Green Peas Pk 0 0- 10 9 Turkey lb ... 0 0 - 9 Ii Green Speuts-n 0 3 0 Butter.fr'sh it 1 0 - 0 10 Bean.k'itn'yslb 0 0- la Hen eggs 12... 1 0- 0 ' Pomegranat, az 0 1- 0 0 Duck,, 12 1 0' - 0 0 Walnuts lb o' Apples lb ... 0 0- 0 3 Lemoes each 0 0- 6 Onions „ 0 1 - 0 2 Cheese Grapes , 0 0- 2 0 Best New 4B PineAppleeach2 6- 3 0 Good Greengages? ttO 0- 0 0 Ordinary Cherries lb 0 0- 0 8 Lobster A Its 0 0-- 0 St'wb'eles „ 0 O.- 0 6 Turbot „. 0 0- ' 1 Damsons ~ 0 0- 0 0 Salmon „ 010. 0 Plums „ 0 0- 0 0 Whitings „ 0 O I G'seb'r'ies „ 0 0- 0 2 Flukes „ 0 0- '6 R'sph eies ,' 0 0- 0 5 Eels ~0 0- 0 0 Black Cur'nts 0 0- 0 6 Slag „ 1 0- t Red Cur'ants 0 0 - 0 4 Spa-hugs „ 0' 0-- c Marrows each 0 3 - 0 4 Codfi Is ' 0 4-'0 v Seakele V' it 8 0 - 0 0 Macketel each 0 1- a - Rhubarb bch 0 0 -o 1 Herring per doz:l.

ESTABLISMID IFI3.

E. AUKLAND, SI; tif Tt 'p r0t5,0 MONUMENTAL MASON ANIP SOvros-00 do LEGH-STRIIHT AND 180, MAN 11,1345dT0:4;015..,° (Near Cemetery entrance). Wititi:',:„ alul .1001'0'1 Stone worked by steam power. Dt 5..- jo, • j 0.4 sent free. Monuments, Headstones, Crcssel ~ so A, stock. The cheapest firm in town for Porelle,ittsteoo' Wreaths, Crosses. Anchors, Harps, ac• t,',,i, flowers. Also Globes and Shades to nia"--.0.)0" ...................../ ettering and gilding executed on the shortes' -------- 00: ---- 1-:tc46: Warrimston.—Printed and Publishel 11 -,°11:4 fie- t°,lrl.,•', ; The Examiner General Printing. Wor":, Vic".24:15" and Published also at The Exaanzner (Tie-o.rgelille WIDNES; High-street, Ilirscouti • 32' tt. • . ,i, of HELEN'S ; and 33,31arket-etrezt. Ulittl- . 1396.

===== 0002601_18960718_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
k

, _ ,

W R 00111IIITI 11:g to TEN' -.le SO th,,„l3.olZns'

hou43, Ptuolis,

4. sr : Plihrisrtd I- - - -1, ~--'--tuR •( ::Ln" • 8 (

Of tiLONDO Viaito 40 161" t" w; adj 411 tit St att Or Mansza Fire IZ Water anvEr rtioeB, H 114% Hose, "erY des

39, at rg; 68 Gold a

14133D° U4kl t,!lat IPISTO b Ip kten.; 114,3t0 kPPLIC DRE 111 K to Pnrvas 0

. P&: -8-1 .littr tte1u.,...... 8:81te,:r , itc? :Tt.., iaOD of C ;1:oolock, GALL okl`,°!ltld OkireTag a l'ith reeferel tilted th

ZS Ea l'r'octott4

,____ IvoDart,

bt, -"tlint* 014 th:'

T r`k. ath vtt, d.rerPooll k,wl3, at ii tlfl. Clubs

. ---- _

tit. I AIR 'the

Wi

Wip ‘Weathe 40H111.4 ltveragt about t ITlrth I

FRC recireid', day etstirsiry‘ 3] Single 'lcket

,___________!Offic

===== 0002601_18960718_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
"%It

FROI CLA (St zuZesd kOrdiin; 24'1'11 (E 1 41. ,Ilet urn b 741. steal -era of G:I4E/I. -kft,go-vi

11. ti.d. 64,

t. .1 Wit ..,ottoz St.con, Sterra ck4rge t( 4t:Ply adou,

_-_____ I'l:ti 131 v, co,

===== 0002601_18960718_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
nol)R, E, W METHODIST CHAPEL, LEGII- ARRINGTON. The Rev. C. FINCH, of v,lllg4g, being the newly appointed Minister to this Circuit 81j17,1),reach in the above plaoe of worship. TO-MORROW 0,0. u„Alt, JULY, 19TH 1193 Morning, 10.30. Evening, t•orne and hear him. All welcome. P. —UNDER THE AUSPICES OF THE IN' 5, •A. Y.M.O A., TO-MORROW (Sunday), JULY Annual SUMMER S fRVICE in the Buld-st.reet itri;,,,,Ya_n Church at 3 o'clock. Address by the Re. J. GENGE, of Leamington ; chair to be taken by HICKMAN, Esq. Soloists : Soprano, Miss 1 ; tenor, Mr. A. GRIFFITHS. Anthem, "Send out 1110'11„,1qt (Gounod), by spPcial choir; organist, Mr. F. let Rev.J. WESLEY GENGR will preach, Morn- ; Evening, 6-50. Evening Service spe'tially to %el; 'Aen. Books provided; all seats free. Collection t a ervice in aid of P.S.A. funds.

CFIESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL. 'rLICAIIONS are invited for a SCHOLARSHIP for Wob'` DRESS-MAKING, COOKERY and LAUNDRY IK, esterto be held at the School of Domestic Economy, Ponta of application are now ready. RICHARD P. WARD, ere _

- - S BA NK, LIMITE D. Itor, kry db,‘"i IS HIIIIRBY GIVRN that an RXTRAORDIN- -4t lIRRAL MEETING of this Company will be held bklepank Premises. Winwick-Bt., Warrington on THURS- O*, 't,tie 23rd day of JULY, 1896. at 12 o'clock, for thc put- 'dl dividends to be payab'e on the Bth August tOrs Ethns; NovPrnber, fixing the Remuneration of the Direc- , conductin the ordinary BusinuF.s of tha Company. iltily`eansfer Books will be closed from WEDNESDAY, 15th HURSDAY, 23rd July. both days inclusive. By order, JOHN DUNN, krth°. General Manager. onsew-lane, London, B.C. 4. Jul Y. 1896.

&hipping P.ottre6. DA! AFTERNOON AND SUNDAY Out SAILINGS TO NORTH WALES. 1.1,11;Rbo td Saloon S N teamer SNOWDON Sail EVERY t 2 p.m for LLANDUDNO, arriving back about ,7141• ,Itelurn Fares for Half-day Excursion : 3s. 6d. First 2.- Second Class. Also EVERY SUNDAY at 10-45 LLANDUDNO' BEAUMARIS, aud NIENIA- CI% a • L,(4, fur rriving back at 7-45 p.m, Low far-s. t her Particulars ap s to W. H. Dont), 31, Tower Liv,rpool. Telephone 1585.

RIPS. SEA I RIPS. ,11E FAST PADDLE SALOON STEAMER, Nll FLYING FALCON ail (eircumKanoes permitting.), from the PRINCE'S LANDING STAGE, LIVERPOOL, for , Rv SOUTHPORT AND BACK 147: DR,,R Y. SUNDAY DURING THE SEASON. p.m.. at 'ex," Brighton 15 minutes fling from Southport Pier at Six p m., arriving r Ite„ ireeli't Light p.m. RETURN FARE is. 6d. Zents oa bolrd at moderate cha ges aterstreet,Liverpod. Telephone 2334.

DAILY SAILINGS. TWO HOURS. °FLANNEL 1/RUISES. PARES: 6p,' „CHILDREN 3n. 6n. CHILDREN 3n. FANOUR.ITE SALOON STRAMISR3. 1,4 Z other AUSTRALIA AND ANI EN ICA tk, rpocti, Steamer) wi:l le-Ive the Princ‘3's Landing-stage. 1.1"13' at 1, (weathJr and other circumstances permitting) 4 , 0.15, 4.15, 6.15, and 7.0 p.m. Saturdays and a.l at 11 a.m. 3.15, 4.15. 6,15, and 7 p.m. Sundays at /14 aic a 15, 4.15, 6.15, and 7 p tlah. Light Refreshments on board. Special terms to Schools, Tea Parties, &c.

4%4 bAILY SAILINGS. Th„ _iveLEs AND BACK THE SAME DAY. Cheapest and Least Tedious Sea Trips out of Liverpool. -'4l9u, Best and Quickest Route to ST. WINEVRIDE'S WELL, PANTASAPH, AND RHYL. The Fast Paddle Saloon Steamer WIH trLYING FALCON, tfweat":" born the Prince's Landing Stage and Mostyn 44VRhiller and other circumstances permitti it), a. amder : AyOOL TO MOSTYN AND BACK TAB SAME DAY. 4boeu"" Passage, 1 hour and 45 minutes, giving passengers rlortt ~.th.ree hours ashore in one of the pre tiest spots in ,V as. Long day tripe about 10 hours ashore. "old SAILINGS. I,2)ndfty 20th ZP.:lePool,. FROM MNITYTT. )irlday 21. t jIIIY 2-45 p.m. I Monday 20th July 8-0 p.m. V44'Bd'y22ndiJui 731 a.m. I Tuesday 21=, .Tii v B-0 p.m. 1114'44,. '"VY22nd Tul; "oa'rn* I Wedn'sd'y 2nd J.lty I -0 a.m. .11'4111(1.3' 23rd ju 663„,- Pan. I Wesine4isv 22nd July'B-0 p.m. 40,444 Y aJn• Thursday 23rd Juiy B-0 p.m. 2ith Joh,' 4May 26 ••.-0 a.m. I Friday 24th July B3O p.m. %NI th July 9-30 r.m I Saturday 25th July 830 p.m. Vsktta !Fard, is. 61. Return Fare, ga. ; Bri lee Extra. Art,..et transferable, and available for day of issue only. OORT EVERY SUNDAY at 3 p.m Return fare 10.6 d. 41 Water-street, Liverpool. Telephone 2,334.

LIVERPOOL AND GLASGOW, CALLING AT GREENOCK. - Goods rooked through at cheap rates to or from Warrington, Runcorn, Birmingham, Wolverhampton, arid all parts of St- fford ahi re. Weathtr and circumstances permitting, °I OWL AND BEAR. ' other ste.atners are intended to Sail (unless prevented by some unforeseen occurrence). FROM LIVERPOOL JULY. CLARENCE DOCK, FROM GLASGOW. (South-west side). Varsday ............ 23, 9Pm inatirso.mssGp.lmas.go3w to -29. 1 pin S utes dliy* ........... . 25. 3pm lete;. AnTG'lrbeyeLt°evra k .............21, pm hixr Peres.-04bin (Inelautininrg steward's tee), r,,a (available for two months), 15s • available for ten days ~t ys is'''. Steerage, 5s ; Return (available for ten &Lys) is ~turn tickets are available by Messrs. Langlands' Liver- steamers and also by their Manchester steamers on pay- -"slat et 1, ' ,41%„„_----•..—J. Bruce Murray and Co., 24, George-square, ; J. and J. Denholm, Greenock. C. MACIVER and CO. 4sid Re 9, Albert-square Manchester, and 65 lower Buildings, Water-street. Liverpool. NoPart of the world, Inviting settlers, offers brighter pre poets to the Agriculturist than ONTARI ). 14otive P imphlet with Maps, sent fre on applica- ta' the ONTARIO Government Agency, 7. Janes-street, t"Vdol. WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. EVERT WEDNEBDAY. co.mANIC Wed.. July 22. I *ThUTONIC Wed.. July 29. H'lsYs not carried on Passenger &tamers. d Cabin will be carried on tne voyage marned thns*, tha,rgsKPassage at low rates, including Outfit free of t, "Lnew York' Boston Philadelphia, or Baltimore. 3/4440%1' lessa A• Lamm, ;rid Co., 34. Leadenhal: street, °AL. *nd 10, Water-street. Liverl)ool. *IGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: JOHN WALKER AND CO., "EXAMINER 'OFFICE. WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR ttrtTABD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- -1 4X, and for BOSTON every THURSDAY. I'ENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- ON, PHILADELPHIA. SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, `4IINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND, Could take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at THE "EXAMINER.' OFFICE,

but to PARDON OUR SAYING SO, I°,lY a WATCH or Article of JEWELLERY without Sending for our SPECIAi. TERAIS AND LIST You will Lose Moupy. SINGLE ARTICL-4 AT wHowis&LE PRICE. We Want Travellers on Comnaissien. HALLMARK AND CO., , GENERAL MERCHANTS, HOLBORN VIADUCT, LONDON, 1c4.1Y MILLING & L TD. O MEET THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE T 1514 8. LAVE PLEASURE IN OFFERING TO THEIR - CUSTOMERS AND THE PUBLIC "-;EPTIONALLY GOOD TEA, AT ONE SHILLING PER LB. is. PER POUND. THE ADO TO BE HAD

DIANOS FOR HIRE, 108. Per Month. Tunings Fre 1 NO HIRE CHARGED IF PURCHASEDIN 6 MONTHS. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST HOUSE IN EUROPE FOB HIRING PIANOS AND ORGANS, k_gtANE AND SONS, 217 TO 225, SCOTLAND-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

PIANOS.-103. per month on Crane and Sons' easy n two. or three years' system. There is no other house in Europe that offers such really good piano on this easy system as CRANE and SONS, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

f_OOD SOUND SECONDHAND PIANOS returned form J hire.—Far superior to badly-constructed, low- priced new ones. Great sale —Grands and Cottages, Broadwoods, Collards. Erards, and other makers, from £lO to £lOO. Send for descriptive catalogues. All pianos packed free and sent to any part.—CRANE and SONS, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

P- - URCHASERS who can pay cash will find that the cheap- est house in the kingdom for new Grand and Cottage Pianos by Broadwood, Collard, Erard, Steinway, Bechstein, and other makers of repute is Crane and Sons, 217 to 225. Scotland-road. Livercool, where the merits of the Pianos by the respective makers can be tried side by side. All Pianos packed free and forwarded anywhere.—CßANE and SONS, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

1‘1"50 000 COPIES AT id. E ‘CH. Lists , post free, from CRANE and SONS. Great Music Warehouse, Bcotland-road, Liverpool.

THIC CHILDREN of the LATE MRS. MARY STEVENSON of WIDNES, are requested to apply to MESSRS. COOPER, CHAWNER, and CO., Solicitors, In- toxeter, where they will hear of something to their adyau- tt.gc.

pUPTURES, FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. T. EGGINGTOR'S Improved liffeltual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture • registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 A 9, Grosvenor-street Lon- don-road. Manchester.

pERSONAL APPEARANCE.—HOW TO IMPROVE.—TAILS OF PURE HAIR, 10s. 6d. HAIRCOMBINUSI per oz. I IMMOVABLE from MADE UP, f 2s. I SC ALPETTES, f 21s. SHALES BROWN, 3, LEECE-STRHET, (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL.

COINS AND MEDALS. TO COLLECTORS. On SALE, Fine and Rare GOLD, SILVER, and COPPER COINS, WAR and HISTORICAL MEDALS, COIN CABINETS. &c. Highest price given for Coins, Medals, China, Old Sheffield Plate, Antique and Modern Silver, Curios, Diamonds, Jewellery, and Old Gold. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO., NUMISMATISTS, MEDALLISTS, AND JEWELLERS. 63 R ENSHAW . STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1819. Valuations for Probate.

ESTABLISHED URS, FURS. 1882. SEALSKIN JACKETS RE-DYFD 6s. 6d., best workman- ship guaranteed, Also all kinds of Furs aflered to the present fashion; Sealskin Jackets re-m alelled for £2 25., including high sleeves, storm collar. &c. Furs cleaned and skins dressed at half the price charged elsewhere. Skins mounted into Rugs. Country orders punctually at teoded to. Call or write to A. BERKWITH, PRACTICAL FURRIER, 45, GREAT GEORGE-SITEET (near top of BOLD STREET), LIVERPOOL. and 5. ST. JAMES* PLACE, LIVERPOOL. Work done for the trade at spe3ial prices.

Obipping B.ottres.

LIVERPOOL TO LLANDUDNO, BRAUMARIS, BANGOR. AND MENAI BRIDGE. DAILY SAILINGS from Prince's Landing Stage (Sunday's excepted and circumstances permitting). 6 S T T. UDNO " Leaves Liverpool 11-45 a.m., arrives back 7-30 p.m. POPULAR AFTERNOON EXCURSIONS TO AND FROM LLANDUDNO. Passengers by the " St. Elvies," leaving Liverpool on Mondays, Tuesdays. Fridays and Saturdays, at 2-15 p.m.. cai connect with the " St. Tuduo " leaving Llandudno at 5-15 p.m., and arrive back in Liverpool at 7-3 j p.m. SPECIAL REDUCED FARES FOR PARTIES. For Fares and further particul ire apply to LIVERPOOL AND .NORTH WALE, STEAMS HIP CO, LTD., T. G. BRIM, Secretary, 20. WA TER-ST.. LIVERPOOL. Tel. 636; or to PEERS Iis.IMELOW, Horse and Jockey, War- rington.

ISLE OF MAN. EXPRESS MAIL STEAMERS.—(Sundays exc,pted.) Prom LIVERFooL. F urn Douhtas. DOUBLE DAILY SERVICE.— Daily 10-30 am and 2 pm I Daily 9 SIM and 4 pm Saturdays, extra 5 pm I Mondays, extra ......12-30 am DAY EXCURSIONS.—DaIIy From Liverpool 10-30 am I From Douglas 4 pm Arrive Douglas about 2-15 pm I Arrive Liverp'l about 7-45 pm FLEETWOOD TO DOUGLAS. DOUGLAS TO ILEETWoOD. Daily at 2-15 om I Daily at 8 30 pm Douglas due 5-30 pm I Fleetwood due 11-30 am LITERPOOL TO ItAMSEY.—DaIIy from let July ; Saturdays and Mondays, direct, 12-30 noon ; via i,ouglas other week- days 2 pm. FLEETwoon TO RAMSEY, via Douglas.—From let July, Tuesdays, Wednesdays. Thursdays, and Fridays at same time as Fleetwood to Douglas. The most enjsoable route to .ilasgow, Dublin, and Belfast Is via Douglas. Cheap exclusions and short sea passages. Guide and tailings forwarded by ISLE OF MAN STEAM PACKET Co., LTD., DOUGLAS.

THROUGH THE LAKE,I,ISTRICT TO THE ... • - - ISLE F MAN. 1 , ' THE BEST RCUTE TO DOUGLAS IS VIA laiti BARROW. Shortest Sea Passage. Express Service Daily (qundays excapted). BARIVIW to DU. GLAS—at 2.0 p ta, DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 9 0 a.m. Train in conntetion with steamer leaves Warrington via Preston at 956 a.m Speeial Cheap Return Fares from Warrington : First-class and Saloon 23s. 6cl. Trains run Third-class and Saloon lss. d. alongside Third-ela3B and Fore Cabin l:s. od. steamers. SPECIAL NOTICE —CIE( ULAR TOUR Tiokets available f via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet-. wood gdo,ionr g vice rersa,can now be 6btained at following Fares : First-class and Saloon l9B. Orl. Third-class and Saloon 13s. 6d, Third-class art -4 Fore Cabin 9s. 6d. Passengers must state at the time of Booking which route they wish to travel by on the outw,rd and homeward journey. Passengers' Luggage is conveyed free of charge from and to the Steamers at Barron . The journey 1n...), be broken at Grange. Ulverstone (for the 1 akes), Furness Abbey, or Barrow. JAMES LITTLE & CO., Barrow.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND IHTTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B • CUNN INGHAM WINWICK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Sole Agent for ANGL9-BAN MAN AM ER ALE WARDLE'S HOREHOUND BEEP.

PETER COTTON, ROPE AND TWINE MANUFACTURER, Sacking, Canvas, Stack Covers. Netting, Curled Hair, Oil Sheets. &c., &a. -- Tents and Marquees for sale or Hire. Sports, Picnics, &c., fitted complete. No. 6, CHESTER'S-I Ati 9, WIN WICK-STREET, WARM NGTON.

J. AI 0s s, FAMILY BUTCHER, r 69, LEONA.RD-STSEET, vARRINGTON. PRIME ENGLISH BINF, UTTON. VEAL AN PORK AT MODERATs PRICES. All orders promptly attended to and delivered when require

91 I D . w.I ATERSON, FLUSHING, 110LLAND, THE TURF REGIS Published twi .e daily Post free. Telegraphic Addresses; PATERSON. Flushing; BUMPTI US. Louden. x

SUMMER SALE AT J. AND W. DUTTON'S, 16, 18 AND 20 S ANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON, N MONDAY, 20TH JULY, 1896, AND CONTINUING UNTIL END OF MONTH. ENTIRE STOCK GREATLY REDUCED

ESTABLISHED 1828. WTM. H. & G. H. DREAPER 96, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, HIGH-CLASS PIANOS BEARD BY STEIN WEG COLLARD & COLLARD, BRINSMEAD, HOPKINSON, LORD, AND ALLISON. THE CELEBRATED DREAPER PIANOS. ON EQUITABLE HIRE SYSTEM. GUARDING HIRERS FROM ALL RISKS OF UNFAIR TREATMENT. FROM 7e. PElt MONIH. CASH PRICES FROM 16 GUINEAS. 96, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 6457. Telegrame "Apollo."

LADIES' DRESS BASKETS. GOOD MAKE from 20s. LADIES' VISITING PORTMANTEAUS, BONNET CASES, GLADSTONE BAGS, &c., At NORMAN'S Trunk Manufactory, ROSCOE ARCADE. top of BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

IMMEDIATH CASH on Furniture and all kinds of articles either for sale or storage, on long or short periods or purchased outright or instantly.—George TURNER AND Sows, Auctioneers, &a,. 44, Church-street, Liverpnl. Telephone 189'7.

VIOLINS. BOWS AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil cf G. A. Clrinot). Strings, Bows, Cases, se., of Finest Quality. AUTISTIC RF:PIIRING IN ALL ITS BRAIICHI.S AT 37, RENSHA.W-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

HENRY WHITTY, 15, BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL. LAWN TENNIS, CRICKET, GOLF, BOWLS, CROQUET, FISHING TACKLE, ARCHERY. LAWN TENNIS RACKETS RESTRUNG. 5. 6D. Agent for T. H. Ayres' High-Grade Cycles. Illustrated Lists Gratis.

NEW MILLINERY. NEW FLOWERS AND FEATHERS. NEW ORNAMENTS. UNTRIMMED HATS AND BONNETS In great variety. SPECIAL GRAND SHOW ON SATURDAY NEXT AND FOLLOWING DAYS AT HARMAN DREW'S, 129, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL,

CYCLISTS' FIELD G Lass, 305. IN LIGHT ALUM MUM, lUM, A -th•s. INDISPENSABLE FOR TOURINO. CHADBURN & SON, OPTICIANS. 17, JAMES-STREET, LIVERPOOL. (Opposite Mersey Tunnel St Alen). _

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFA.CTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) ............From 16s. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS ............. 218. ATEEPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6d. 39 AND 41 DALE STREET, STREET, AND 12, LORD 8 PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SPECIAL OFFER FOR A SHORT TIME. A VERY LARGE AND CIIOICE SELECTION OF BOOKS Is now being offered by T. iLARKE, EXAMINER" OFFICE. :sARLESTOWY. PUBLISHED BY WARD LOCK AND BOWDON LONDON. At a Discount of 20 per cent. or 4s. in the Pound.

T. & W. CROSS, BUILDERS AND ;CONTRACTORS, LONGFORD-STREET. WARRINGTON. BOILER AND CHIMNEY ERECTORS, FURNACE CONSTRUCTOIN. DRAINAGE WORK, STRETia MAKING and every Description of BUILDING or CONTRACTORS' WORK ESTIMATED FOR.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

3Potels, I?plaragc, Xioarbing COtabg, CASS'S CRAB AND LOBSTER HOTEL, VBNTWOR.— Unsurpassed centre for excursions ; nice gardens ; terms moderate. x

T LANDUDNO. Mansell's Boarding Establiehment. I_4 Abbey-road Board and Residence ; ternas from 28e. per week, 43. 6d. per :lay.

AMSEY. ISLE OF MAN. Mona Ville, first-class Boarding 11, Establishment, facing sea ; near pier; tennis courts, golf. &c. Table d' Hote 7. Tariff.

MBNAI BRlDGB.—Viatoria Hotel, standing in its own private grounds and facing the Menai Straits ; terms reasonable.—/t. Taomes.

BOWNESS, INDRRRR, Albert Hotel.—Parties VIR catered for. Moderate charges. Tariff on application. Near the lake. —R. DIRWICK. Proprietor

QT. LRONARD'S-ON-311A.—Thoroughly good BOARDING RSTABLISHMENT ; sear sea; highly recommended; tennis.—Miss BucxoLL, 8. Warrior G r•Liens.

CROMBR.—" The Sandringham." Boarders from 255.; Spteious dining rooms ;minute from sea ; private apart- ments ; dinners, ,to., served in restaurant adjoining, x

FZUOZ, Upper Engadine, Switzerland.—HOTEL CON- fj CORDIA, very comfortable house; board with room 6f to q. francs, all included; situated in the most healthy part of the lingadine baths and douches.

BUXTON.-GROVE HOTEL, close to Railway Stations, !labs, and Gardens. Finest Wines. Spirits, Ales, .t.c. Billiards ; Acc,ommodation;for Parties. Terms ; Moderate. B. CLAYTON. National Telephone No.?. DLACKPOOL, ATKINSON, 16, Epringtield-road, North Shore. Home from home; minute from sea, station, church. pie"; bedroom and u e front sitting room,l4s. weekly; no extra caarge for two person, ; moderate term, for private sitting rooms. Stamp reply.

FOLKESTONE.— Skelmersda.le House. The Lees. First- class Pension and Private HOTEL. Absolutely facing the sea; pent-ct sanitary arrangements; telephone; tennis lawn; high-class cuisine; smoising-room flOng the sea. Alight at %. entral Station. x ---

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUARII. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESB OR PLEASURE•

QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSI DB HYDRO Phys., Dr. BAR- I.) NARDO, Summer and Winter Residence. one of the handsomest ltuilaings, centrally situated, replete with every comfort, line sea view, near park, pier, trams. aad golf links. Tutkish, Vapour, and other Baths Massage, Galvanism Summer Terms from 78. per thy,—J. Blooootr, Proprietors

-- BEARS' PAW & RAILWAY HOTEL.FRODSHAM. EBTAI3LIBKED 1632. WILLIAM YOUD, PROPRIETOR. GOOD ACCOMMODATION for Travellers, Cyclists, Picnic ftud Wedding parties. Excellent Bowling Green and Stabling. Teas and Refrebhmeats of every description. Best quality of wino and spirits kept in the hotel.

SOUTHPORT. WHERE TO DINS IN SOUTHPORT AT El AYES' RESTAURANT, ADJOINING THE LANCASHIRE AND YORKSHIRE 11A.1LWAY Co.'s STATION. 38, CHAPEL- STREET. SOUTHPORT. EtrrißusEED 1869.

BRUCE & STILL, LTD., 75, NORFOLK-STREET, LIVERPOOL, Manufacturers of STEEL & IRON ROOFS, Contractors for HAY SHEDS, DUTCH BARNS, HOSPITALS, SCHOOLS, MISSION ROOMS, &C. ESTIMATES FREE. Write for New Illustrated Catalogue of Poultry Houses, Dog Kennels, and appliances, postage free. BRUCE & STILL, LTD., 75, NORFOLK-STEBBT, LIVERPOOL.

- ----- THE FAMOUS NINE OILS discovered oy the Fransican Monks is a boon to sufferers from RHEU- MATISM, SPRAINS, B RUISEi. LUMBAGO, SCIATICA. NEURALGIA, and STIFFNESi of MUSCLES. It is ma.,ical in its effects and gives relief when others fail. Testi- monial from Mr RIII6IIT STOWV.LL, 40, Thirimere-street, Leigh.—Please Beni two.b ales of NINE OILS immediately, it is a wonderful remedy.—Hvery Bicyclist, Footballer. Athelete and Farmer ought to have a bottle handy.—Prepared by T. Wookr-ND,Chemist, 22, Pitt-street, Liverpool, in bottles Is lid and 2e 9d. free by post is 44 and 2s, Agent in Warring- ton, Mr. YouNd, Chemist, Warrington.

1 kjIGARS. TOBACCONISTS will find it to their advantage to deal direct with MANUFACTU KERS and to call upon or write to WILSON HIGGIN AND COMPANY, CIGAR MANUFACTURERS AND IMPORTERS, 38, PARADISE-ST., LIVERPOOL, Telegrams :—" Senoritas," Liverpool. Branch Office, 84. PORTLAND-ST, MANCHESTER.

ESTABLISHED 1879. CHARLEi COTTON, SCOTLAND-ROAD (MownAm's YARD), WARRINGTON. TURNING, FITTING, SC kiIiWOUT LING, PUNCHING, DRILLING. GENERAL SMITH'S WORK (Light and Heavy Forzings), Ac. HORSES CAREFULLY SHOD. Estimates Supplied Free.

THOMAS FRAIN, DEBT COLLECTOR and GENERAL COMMISSION AGENT, HAS REMOVED TO 28, BEWSEY ROAD, WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION Special Arrangements, &a., for the Collection of WHOLESALE ACCOUNTS.

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. JOHN YATES, TAILOR AND CLOTHIER, Begs to announce that he has REMOVED to 35, CHURCY-STREET, RUNCORN, Where the BUSINESS will be carried on as usual. A CHOICE SELIaCTION4OF SEASONABLE NOVELTIES ALWAYS ON HAND.

Apartintuts, Surnisbtb Lout, COLWYN and NORTH WALES COAST. Fe r Furnished houses to let, apply to F. DEW. Land Agent. Colwyn Bay.

ATORICCAMBE.--A.PARTMENTS.PubIie or Prtrate. terms reasonable.—Mrs. NEWTON, 3!', Alexaudra-road, West End. QUPERIOR APARTMENTS, 3 minutes walk fronr Station 0 and 5 to river.—Mrs. Mohki.. 19, City-road, Ches `--

LMLR DISTRICT.—First-elass Apartments to Let; 2 sitting and 4 bedrooms-.—Mrs. AsuoTr, Crarlton House, Keswick.

BLACKPOOL—Mrs.TAiIturm and Miss A.RottoN,l7 °Man- st., North Shore. —Public and Private APARTMHNTS ; sea view; piano.

COLWYN BAY.—Large or small Residence, with pleasant gardens. Grounds open to sea.—Address DINGLEWOOD, Colwyn Bay.

BBLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMItNTS at Mrs. STA:lir/RING'S Marton Cliff, 40, Great Marton-road (now re-named "Central Drive.")

I6Lli UP MAN.—Coin.fottable APAR Oa biNTS JL overlooking bay and castle, close to beacn.—Mrs. QUAYLE, 5, Peveril Terrace.

B LACKPOOL (Hola.riaunsT, 21 Shaw-road. Soiith Shore.)—APARTSIENTS ; five minutes from south Shore Station and Victoria Pier.

A BititSOCII, North Wales. APAKTMEN.C6 ; nicely /A. situated; good hotting, bathing, fishing ; splendid beach close by.—J. JEFFKRY. nOUNTRY LODGINGS, quarter of a mile from Glenmaye Waterfall.—Address EDWARD BAILEY, tiordon House, Peel, Isle of Man. Terms moderate.

AIRALVEN--Very comforte le pleasantly situated APARTMENTS, near town, hills, and station.— MEEK. Suanydene. Hornyold-road.

C— ARTMEL.—Te Let, FURNISHED, two Sittin . three or four Bedrooms, if required. Mrs. BowNEss, Park View, Cartmel, near Grange-over-Saido. —_____

UPERIOR homely APARTMENTS goad cooking; highly 1.3 recommended ; terms moderate.T Mrs. 13ARnow, stone Grove. Lloyd-street, Llandudno.

LACK POOL, North Shore.—Comfortable APARTMENTS 1.1 public and private ; terms reasonable ; sea view,—Miss GIRDINS, Brincliffe House, Egerton-road. -- D AMSEY, I.O.M.—Toateth House, central position on new promenade, facing the sea; APAKIMENTS with Sr without toard. 'Terms on application.

SOUTH PORT. Comfortable APARTM/iNTS ; three minutes from stattun and promenade; terms from 10s. 63. per week-58. IiASTBAPIK-SrRENT.

QOUTH SHORE, BLACKPOOL.— Mrs. BAWLING, 63, 0 Withnell-road. Late of Warrington. Comfortable APARTMENTS, near Victoria Pier and btation. IQLACKPOOL.—MISSES MY-ERSCOUGH, 61, Bank-st. 1) Every accommodation for visitors, Piano. Sea View. Near Talbot Read Station. Terms moderate.

B LACKPOOL.—Mrs. R. WADDICOR (from Harwell), 65, Lytham-road. near ManchPater Hotel. Comfortable APARTMENTS; two minutes' walk from sea.

DOUGLAS.—Mrs. HOUGH, Delamere House. 1, Empress Drive, Crescent. Promenade; trams Ras from boat ; full board from bs. per day; private sitting-room.

DOL.GLAS, ISLE OF MAN.—Good, comfortable LODGINGS at 4, GROSTENOR-ROAD ; reasonable terms; take cab (half will be paid), drive to above address.

BLACKPOOL—Comfortable APARTMENTS.—Mrs. Wn- SON'S, Portfield, 19 Waterloo-avenue, South Shore. Board if required ; one miaute walk from the sea. DLACKPOOL.—Mrs. GROOM'S APARTMBNTS, near .1) North Pier, terms 14s. weekly, no extra charges for two persons ; stamped envelope for reply.-39, QUEEN-STREET.

ipLACKPOOL.—Excell.nt APARTMENTS, public or pri- vate, near winter gardens and umpire piano). main thoroughfare (moderate charges).-11ils. tiUNT, i 73, Church- street.

lUX OF MAN. —APARTMENTS pleasantly iltuated terms moderate; with or without board. —Mrs. G. S. ALLEN, 9, Kensington-rod, Douglas (late of ,62, Parker-st.. Warrington).

CARTIdEL.—To be Let, comfortable APARTMENM, at a pleasantly situated farmhouse, one mile from the Old Priory Church.—Address, Mrs. Towußs, Wall Nook,Cartmel, Grange-over-Sands.

ATORECAMBE.—Comfortable APARTMENTS on the pro- iVl facing the sea sad the lake, mountains, piano. Terms moderate. Misses A. L. TURYER,'.l2hirlm ere House, 17, Queen's Terrace.

QOUTHrOßT—Charmingly situated high class private arart- ments and boarding. Close to Promenade, overlooking North Lake and Pier, for terms, apply Miss Uinta:Y. Holllnhurst, Lathoin-road.

B BAY, Amlweb, Anglesea.—Gasrwen Farm (five ..1.1 minutes' walk to seaside) APAILTMILS IS to be let, for summer months; two sitting-rooms, tour bedrooms (five beds).—Apply THOMAS ROBERTS.

-VISITORS or Commercials to Liverpool will find corn- fortable homely APARTMENTS, single, double bodded rooms, bath, piano; penny 'bus from Pier Head passes.— 91, BERIELEY-IsT., Princes' Park, Liverpool. "DLACKPOOL.—Visitors will find comtorta APART- -I_/ MMUS, with or without bo.trd at Mrs. T. Cows', 14, Crystal-road, South Shure, Public and private apart- ments. Close to sea. Piano. (Near South Shore Railway Station.)

riLIRNISHED APARTMENTS, newly and luxuriously A: furnished. Sanitation perfect, cleanliness, good cook- ing and attendance. Bath hot and cold. Terms moderate (central).—M3s. Jamis.x, Burtno House, Lorne Park, Bournemouth.

CARNARVON,NORTH WALBS.—WeII furnished HOUSE, pleasantly situated, facing Menai btraits, c nvenient for Snowdon and country excursions, near station, 3 sitting, 3 bedrooms, kitchen, scullery ; July, August, or September. —Apply CRAIGLWYD, CanlarVOll.

QCARBORO UGH.—VALLBY BRIBGB HOUSIL South Cliff.—HlGH-CLASS SCHOOL for GIRLS. Thorough Modern Bducation. Home care. English and Foreign Cer- tificated Teachers. Principals. MRS. and Miss WIN TER. Next,Terna,September 21st.

CARLISLB GRAMMAR SCHOOL.—Hctdmaster, F. J. R. HENDY. M.A., late of s. ettes College. Rdiaburgh. Poarders received in Headmaster's koude iintrance sehoimr- ships annually in July; buildings new and wel equipped, with southern aspect gymnasium, crickes. field, labor story, fives sourtes /cc. Boys prepared fqr all the usual exantina- ens.

FOR RELIABLE GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS GO TO THE CHESHIRE SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON. HAMS AND BACON GUARANTEED! NEW SEASON'S TEA JUST ARRIVED FROM is., is. 2d., is. 4d., 15.:,6d.,:15.:8d., AND 28. PER LB. EXCELLENT QUALITY. THE CHESHIRE SUPPLY STORE'S, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY:. 'T arranged. Appointments unneoess:ry, but may be TEETH All consultations free. TEETH. Hach! patient informed beforehand the cost for work required. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. AR M.D., also Lady Attendants. EETH. Painless Extractioniit as shgtderr by-the aid of T 'TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 19.000 gallons weekly. Exors, of th late J. H. PARKINSON (Darner irr ExAm.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. Tax.. No. 1060), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. MBES. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-ST RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BBIDGB-BT. NORTIIWICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMARKBT-ST

UNDER THE Gioia. IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GOOD BOOTS.

MAWSON & CO. STANDARD TA;ILORS. NEW WOOLLENS FROM THE BEST MAKERS. SPECIALITIES from the Leading Irish Manufacturers. PRICES MODERATE. NO READY MADES. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES TO ORDER. UMBRELLAS, &c. 35, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. MOURNING ORDERS EXECUTED ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE.

FOR LADIES' REAL TAILOR-MADE GARMENTS GO TO C. JACKSON HOLMES, MERCHANT TAILOR, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. Agent for the Castle Rubber Cu., Ltd. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY-MADE OR MADE TO ORDER, IN THE LATEST STYLE. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS TO SELECT FROM. WATERPROOF GOODS OF EVERY IDESCRIPTION.

A. CLARE, KNUTSFORD-ROAD BRASS WORKS, WARRINGTON. SOLE AGENT FOR THE BEVERLEY CYCLES. REPAIRS, PLATING, lacr, ENAMELLING A SPECIALITY. BOILER MOUNTINGS. BRASS CASTINGS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. ENGINE FITTINGS. BRASS LACQUERING. LUBRICATORS. ALL CLASSES OF MACHINERY, &c., REPAIRED ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE. BASS RAILINGS. ALL CASTINGS DONR ON THE PREMISES ON THE SHORTEST Nunes. BRAZING. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL CLASSES OF WORK.

yOUR HEALTH Is of the utmost import- ance just ow. Cold waves and chilly winds, sudden chtnges and damp n weather bring on c:llds. pneumonia and fevers, espeeially if the. blood is impure and the system weak and unable to resist swh attaea Hood's Sarsaparilla makes pure blood, gives nerve strength and vigorous bodily health, thus resist- ing and'repelfing as well as curing disease. "We hex,: very great pleasure in 'ccommending 1100 D'S SARSAPARILLA I was tumbled with in:li- ge-Alen and pains in my back. M hnsbend was also very much tryubled with lumbago and we both feel very thankful to say that we found gre.t relief after taking toe first bottle 01 Hood's Sarsawilia. We shall not be without a bottle in the house in the future." M. B. ROBERTS, 41, Rhyl St., off Iriam Bead, Footle, Liverpool. "I have taken three bottles ef Hood's Sarsapa,llla, and found grad. bez.efit from it. and shill most decidedly continue ta'ying it." Mrs. HAWKEY, 99, Portland Road, Hove, West Brighton. HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA " I took four bottles, of darsaprille for mtucalgia, and found great benefit from it We all like Hood's Pills." Mrs. G. W. Putt.mps, 64, *Burritt St, New Town, Rochester. '' I am glad to speak of Hood's Satasparilla and I can say this—tied; it is tbe b st medicine that I have ever Lad. I took it for plOB across my chest. and it put me ali right again. I keen recorumenriing it wkerever I go. As I am a .shoemaker by tr de, I have a let of stooping to do, and this seems to bring a pai: across my chest. Hood's Saiwsparilla put me all right again and it is an A 1 medicine." L. YOUEL, Bromro.:a Terrace, Birdwell, near Larnsley. N.B. If ou decide to take Hood's Sarsaparilla do not be inclived to buy any other. Be sure to get T-TOOD'S SARSAPARILLA. -1-AL Is the One Truo Blood Purifier. Sold by chemists : 25, 9d. and 4s 6d. Sent by post on receipt of price in stamps or posl al rder, by C. I. Hood and Co., 34, Snow Hill, Loudon, B.C.

•.,11,., .;:../. SUBJECT TO r 40 C" roc o, , BEING MENTIONED. WE, the Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa, Ltd., of Suffolk House, Cannon St., London, E.C., HEREBY PROMISE to send FREE on receipt of your name and address (a Postcard will do), a Dainty Sample Tin of Dr. Tibbles Vi-Cocoa, so that you can Test its merits Free of charge. Not a medicine, but a wonderful food beverage. Such is Dr. TIBBLZB. VI-Cocos. As a concentrated form of nourishment and vitality it is invtluablo. Pleasant and palatable and embodying the numerous principles contained in malt, hops, kola, and cocoa, it imparts nourishment and builds up strength. Sold in 6d. packets and 9d. and is. 6d. tins. This unprecedented offer of a free sample is made as a means of introducing so palatable and invigorative a . preparation into every home. A postcard will do. Address: Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa, Ld., Suffolk House, Cannon Street, London, E.C. PA-11 is absoistely neceseary that the name ef this paper should be mentioned when accepting the above qfcr.

•ifitertilantoug: GEORGE JACKSON. PAWNBROKB 11. JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH 69, AND 61. CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE. CARPETS. BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING, CHINA, GLASS, GUNS, mad MUSICAL IN- STRUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW SATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

LOOK OUT FOR our Special Bargains in Men's Cord and Moleskin TROUSERS. cannot be excelled for Payments taken. value in Warrington. Note our list of prices :—All sizes in MEN'S from 3s. 11d.. 48. 11d.. ss. 11d., and 68.11 d. Call and inspect them.

CIREAT reduction in Men's Cloth- ing. Men's COATS Is. 6d.; Men's TROUSERS Is. 9d.; Men's Payment' taken. VESTS 9d. Must be cleared.

lIP you with to save money call and inspect our stock of Painters JACK TS at is. 11d.. and Painters' Payments taken. SHIRTS at Is. 6d. These Bargains have never been offered In Warring- ton before.

JUST forfeited. a gran i Regulator Payments taken. Hall CLOCK, in perfect order, goes eight days. A Bargain for 28s. 6D.

OUT of pledge, a grand Blectro- Payments taken. plated CRUBT. six Bottles. beailtifully-designed pattern. equal 12s. 6D. to new. Our price

()UT of pledge. a First-class Par- Payments taken. lour CARPBT, in good condi- tion, not soiled. A Bargain lbs. 6

WE most cordially and respect- fully solieit an insn ction of theee few GENUINE FORFEITED PLEDGES we are offering for Sale. IVEW JERSEY PHONOGRAPH RECORDS, spleneUd 11 value. Write for l'st.—H. GOODALL, Pudsey, Leeds. a

113RiN'rINC1- good and chesp ; inquiries solicited, competi- 1_ tin n defied, estimates given.—W errs, Printer, Leicester. x

HOW TO REMEMBER RVERYTHItigi. Recitations. Books, Speeches, Music, Figures. ac., very simple; stamps.—SlDEY, Leigh, Essex.

TO REALISE A PROFIT ON SMALL FARMS I—'• Bits 1 of experience." etc.; or "Practical Farming.' Is. 6d. each. post free.—PARBURY, Chiddingfold (Oodalming), Surrey. SPLETIDID Assortment of New Seasc tterns for our Celebrated 108. 6d. (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonder- fully good vaIue,—HAGUE AND CO., Limited. c 5, Byrom•st. Liverpool.

THA SBhVICHS.—Lady 'offers pr.tty service In pink, ereen, light or dArk bluP, 40 pieces. earrhige raid, only us. 9d , genuine blrgain.- F. H., 75, FAIRFAX-ROAD, liar- ringay, London.

rr BUIiI3BRY Aim SONS, Iltsingstoke, are clearing lad . Season's Patterns of their hann-kn tted shoo:inw, fish- ing, and cycling STOCKINGS, at 38. per pair (former price 88. to 128.)

CIORNS Vanisl2 " like butter before the fire" after using V OSBORNE'S CORE Cl/RINK. Sent post free, with full directions, for 12 stimps.-0813ORNE, Chemist, Moos Side, Manchester.' - VARTHENWARE and CHlNA.—Seconds. £2 crates; UJ beef, £3 ;or %sill send 15 dozen seconds articles for 175. 6d.—Write for lists. WEBB AND CO.. Railway Passage, Longton, Staffordshire.

- VCR 4 STAMPS we send one pair Folding Scissors and 1: one Patent Penknife. both Sheffield steel guar.,nteed. Useful present together with Amusing Novelty Catalogue.— VARIETY Co.. Dalston. London.

THIRSTY SOULS should send 7 stamps for recipes of two 1 exquisite new drinks fit for the gods ; cert. duly the healthiest beverage on earth; costs Id. per quart.—Addrese WILEY. Savile Town. Dewabury.

RECIPES: Cemeut for mending china or glass, honey LU soap. herb smoking mixture (also for aatisma). silver plating fluid, 7d. each, or 11. 64. the lot.-4. FOSTER 'IowasEND, jun., Studley, Warwiers.

CALVBS, CALVBS. Why let them die? Teear's Black Leg Drinks are a pure preventive list'd. 1819. 2s. 6d per dozen. carriage paid.--F, J. i EEAR. 72, Sparkenhoe Street, Leicester, testimonials on application.

VSTABLISHRD 1875—Assorted Crates Seconds Barthen- -14 ware and China. 50e. and upwards. Prices on appli- cnatoi. W. COOPER and Co., Ayshford-street Works, off Clayton-st , Longton, Staffordshire. 01EIN LOWB, Fire and Thief:Proot SAFR MAIM, has ON V SALM Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from —3B. Albert-street. 3r.iiig-street West. Manchester. FRERHOLD LAND. Plots or Acres. Sales weekly. Leigh, Southend, Rayleigh. Hochford, Herne Bay. and Med- stead.—LAND CO.. 67 and 68, Cheapelde, always selling good cheap Land ; easy terms ; deeds free ; Plans post free. x

NEW PATENT RUBE SPECIALITIRS for domestic purposes; English manufacture ; for 3s. 6d. postals will send six special samples; largely in use; catalogu on application. —lslAxamsTEß NOVELTY Co., Clayton, Man- chester.

VIRE ! FIRE I I FIRE !!I Geninue SALE of extensive Stock of Pianos. Organs, Jal., previous to re-building of premises, owing to the recent fire ; easiest terms arranged to effect a clearance.—Pay E, 103, Approach-road, Cambridge Heath.

TO LADIES. Female irregularities and obstructions I quickly and surely corrected in a few hours by a new and simple method, which I will send free on receipt of stamped envelope.—Mr. C. S. MARTTN, 10 Elshopsgate With- out. London. GOVERNKHNT TENTS, suitable for cricket, lawn tennis, bathing or garden purposes, 40 feet in circumference ; pure white. All complete 21s. eselt. Money returned if not approved. Carriage paid.—HENltY ROB!NSON, Tent Works, Eye, Sussex.

NOTICB.—Large handsome 3 compartment Ciystal Palace shaped drawing-ro)m aviArv, fitted complete with movable partitions, 3 feet long, 4 feet high. only 205.. car- riage paid ; approval anywhere.—McKEtxu, Cage Manu,ac- turers, Castle Douglas, N.B.

T ADIBS seeking a REAL REMhDY for irregularities &e., IA should try BOYLBS's TONIC MIXTU .ti. It is a per- fect system of genuine treament and never fai's. Send stamped and addressed enselope for particuLtrs to G. BOYLE, 43, Brook Green, London, W.

SUFFERERS from Nervous Debility. Indigestion, liver, kidney, heart or Inn.: diievse. should send to the Jardine Remedy Company. Doris Grove, Leeds. 18. for three or 28.6 d. for ton weeks' treatment of their wonderful Asiatic Specific Zepho lens Food, FOR GLAZING Linen Equal to Ciiina.--A never-failing receipt, which will impart a beautiful gloss to collars, cuffs, shirt-fronts, &c. ; will be forward, d to any address on receipt of six penny stamps.--Address Mdlle. D. ELAINE (late of Paris), 17, Edge-lane, Liverpool. •

T RON CHU' CH to seat 20 En) ; 330. £130; 500. £2OO Mission Hall 50 by 20, £105; isolation hospitals, ready to contain 6, 12, or 20 beds ; bdliard ooms, pavOions, Cheapest House in the trade for any description iron build ing.—HAwm a. Ashford, Middlesex.

GSOIIGE'S OIN DIHNT.—A. certain eure for 13.. d Legs ,1:7 ulcerous wounds 0 long standing ; fish wounds, abscesses, piles, eczema. all skin di 'eases ; post free 18. 3d., ,from HAROLD AND CO.. 10, Archway-ro Ifighlote, London. Wholesale from BaueLLY AND Co., Limited, London. x

FREE As TRIAL—MI g litlenmen wishing to raielve genuine information (on no win no pay system) in Turf matters are cordially inv.ted to send for my Trial Selection. Sent ab.olutely fn e- on n-ceipt of stamped addressed envelope. T. P. HENRy,Cottage Grove.Surbiton.

DROTECT YOUR, fitittDENS.— Garoen netting supplied by H J Gasson. at 35 square yards for ls. Is ofl. d and oressed, will not rot if left out in all weatto .s. ,e 14.1 as.y width ; carriage paid on all orders under ss. Commoner netting at 60 square yards lc. ; hundreds of testimouhls.— Henry J. CI AWN, Fishing Fleet. hye. busses.

117 MARVELLOUS DRESS PARCEL. Haviug 4S. 6D. purchased French Manufacturer's stock of Fabric Foulis (newest dress mate i rl. guaranteed all wool) at 50 Per cent under usual cost, we offr complete dress parcel at balf retail price. Each parcel comt,rises 6 yards double width French Fossil, guaranteed all wool. in Navy, Black and Tan (suitable cycling, golf, seaside), Petunia. Biscuit. Corn- iiower and every charming season shade with 4 yards :Patten •skirt Ruing to match. 2 yards fancy bodice lining. and 2 doz. buttons, complete, 7s. 6d.; carriage paid So.—ENTERPRISE Feiraw CO„ Wolverhampton.

ON BALE. LARGH QUANTITIES OF SPRITTING BOXES.. Apply JOSEPH AIATTITEWS, Fed field Saw MUla, Manoheater-roa Warrington.

Bitortilantous. ----- MODEL BOILER. Fittings. tubes, and pressure gauges; list 1 stamp.— B. GANSIDE, Modeller, Warrington. x CIURB for BOILS C trbuncles, Pimples, never fails, post free, is. 3d . LE E. Pharmaceutical Chemist,

fIN SALE, MANURE WORKS. Widnes, and Gas Work, and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. ROBBING 16, Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

rrANNED NETTING for tennis boundaries, ss. and Bs. 1. er 200yds., best in the market.—SP.ssarrr & Co., Net Manufacturers, Lowestoft.

SQBRGB JACKBTS, 4s. 6d., Cord and Mole Trousers, 6s. 6d Printed Mole Trousers, look like cloth, ss. 6d.—lLtour. AND Co., Limited, 65, Bryom-st., Liverpool. - FISHMONGERS and Hawkers requiring good Fish very cheap, should write tor price list.—Joius ROBINSON, jun., Wholesale Fish Merchant, Grimsby. a

mARMED LADY, has Valuable Harmless Recipe of great importance to Ladies. Stamped address for parti- culars. Mrs. R. WILSON, Elder Grove, Sheffield. TIRETWORK, Carving, Repousse, Bent-Iron, Burnt Wood, 12 Bamboo, Picture Framing, and Leather Work; catalo- gue 1,000 illustrations, free 6d.—HAGER Enos., Settle. x

SQBEGES.-541n. Navy Blue and Black Suiting Serge/ for Gentlemen and .t3oys' wear and for Ladies' Costumes. Patterns free--ALFRED MACE, Chipping Norton, Oxon. x

PILES.--Boddy's Patent Ointment cures all outward Piles in two or three days; post free, with testimonials Is. 2d.; only one trial solicited.—W. Bormy, Bradford, Yorke

UISH, FISH, FlSH.—Friers, Hawkers and others requir. .12 jug a supply of fresh Fish. (then)), cannot do better than write to KENDALL AND Co., Fish Docks, Boston, Lincs. x

rllO BE LEASED for BUILDING PURPOSES. a PLOT of LAND situated in a good position in Stockton Haath ; low ground rent.—Apply T. BOSTOCE, estate agont, Bank- street, Warrington, A MERICAN SULKIES. Trotting Carts, Gigs, Four 1-1. Wheel Buggies, Dog Carts. etc. Weight. strength and durability will surprise you.—The AMERICAN CARRIAGE AND HARNESS CO., 90, New-street, Birmingham. LIGE SALE. 21 Pairs of Mill Stones, 11-in. horizontal 1: Engine. 30 in. stroke, fly-wheel complete, nearly new, now on tound,tion. Wanted scrap iron, rails, and all kinds of metals.—Apply D. NOMA', Worksop,

A. BOON TO MOTHERS.—Portable water closet seats r children (Long's Patent) suitable for use in any w.c. price 16.6 d. carriage paid.—Sole maker, JOSEPH LONG, 12,8e11e Vue Road, Cinierford, Gloucestershire. A IR B iLLOONS.—Mr. T. HUMpHRIES, the well-known LI maker of superior Balloons (white and coloured), has a ge stock ready at 37, Basinghall-st., London. Orders sent by return ; price list free. Quote piper.

IDAD BRRATI-1. • Fail particulars a an inexpensive cure for this distressing and unpleasant comolaint will be sent on receipt of four penny stamps by F. J. LocxETT it Co., 13, Dalton-lanP, London. N.H. Mention paper. x

tiCZ IiMA and all SKIN DISBASBd are speedily and LA effective y cured by a few applications of SOSIDBRMA. It gives intent relief. Price 2s. 9d. and 4s, 6d. post free.— Full particulars jkikiEs AND STEWAItr, 51, Bath-street, Jersey.

ON SALR. by private treaty, a good MINERAL WATER Et SIN%S3, with all Plant, Gas Engine, Machinery, Ilorses and Wagons, Stock in Trade. etc., as a eoing concern. ror full particulars apply to J. F. FEAR, Estate Agent. Crewe.

SgOralTh,ic Ljanmcsesrateersac.cefleobrraemdaternh.otoor- -150,000 Professionals. MANCHESTER AGENCY le at 71, Oxtord-street. (All Saints). Lists free. Second-band inineras bought or exchanged.

ARCIRNTE. silver-plate chaner and restorer. deposits pure silver on all plated articles,instantly makes worn forks, spoons, cruets, lamps. as new ; invaluable to cyclists ; Is. trom all chemists, or B. IItirLEEA, 39, Poynings-rosd, London, N.

50,000 151 li nneShpls.acwei, OeU tUAI9aN 6;, 3, y;ardrl 110114, 60 inches wide, 4s. 9d ; 4 yards long, 75 inches wide, 6s. 9d. per pair ; carriage paid; money returned it not approved ; samples free.—W. COTTON, Weekday Uross. Nottingham.

B-DANISH FRECKLES.—Protect your face from great beat of sun. Toe skits can be made c'ear of all stains and freckles by a very elm p'e remedy ; certain cure ; thousanda cured this summer.—lA rite at once, enclosing is. P.O. for recipe to Mr. FITZGERALD, Jessamine House, Churalnrow, Fulham, Lendon. A N Improved Wrought Iron FENCE for—co*Cage and ter- ti race property, 2s. Bd. yard, cheaper than wood. Iron hurdles, gates, window grilles, ornamental Tralisading, ken- nel revlin.r,&c —JOHN EL WELL, City Irmworks, Sheepcote- St.. Birmingham. Contractor to H. M. Government and the principal Railway Companies. rin INA and EARTH EN WARE.—Buyers—are strongly" ad- vised to send for price lists of Dinner Sets, Tea Sets; Toilet Sets; China and Earthenware of all kinds and all prices. Special £1 sample crate of best and seconds; single set ot an thing sent as sample. Bay direct from the Pot- teries .—S. WEBB and,Co.,Longton,staffordshire Potteries. x DRETHERTON'd Champion MEAL for Calves, 10a. 6d. .1.) per ewt • carriage paid to any station. "March 9th, 1896. Leigh Brow Farm. Near Preston,—l have during.re- cent years given many Calf Meals a fair honest trial snd I can honestly say I have found Lone to equal Mr. John Breth.rton's, both as regards quality and price. Calves fed on this Meal grow well and maintain equality, while keeping remarka'dy free from stomachic troubles.—W. W. 8 Deur." To JOHN BRETHF.RTON, Globe Steam Mills, Midge Hall, near ireston.

SORE EYES SKIN DISEASES ! BAD LEGS! WESLEY'S OINTMENT i warranted to cure Bad Legs, Bad Breists, Ul.!ers, Burns, Scalds, Boils Rheumatic Pains, Sore ves, and Pll Skin Diseases, causing the skin to become beautifully clear and healthy. Get a pot and tf•st Its great and manifold virtues. Many cases have been cured when the doctors have failed. Sent post free tor 12 stamps, from HOLDROYD'S DRUG STORES, Cleck- heaton, Yorks.

GOOD NEWS FOB LADIES. ALADY, the daughter of a late tminent physician, will be pleased to forward full partculars (on receipt of a stamped directed envelope) of a Certain Cure for all forms of Irreg.darities, no matter bow caused or • how long standing The Remedy causes no Pain, Nausea, cr Prostration what ever. MADAME DOUGLAS, 127, Gaisfs-rd-stmet, Loudon, N.W A Positive Cure Guaranteed. Hours sth 9 p.m.. on TUESDAYS, THURSDAYS, or by appointment. Name this paper

T Mesgacze for Yea !! ! In all cases of Irregularities and Obstructions, however e4stittate and long stand:ng. try the MIRACULOUS and never-failing Retreiv, known all over the world as DASMAIL'S 'PECI- FIC. Thousands of testimonials te,tifying to the Wonderful Cases that have be n relieved by this UNFQUALLED arni MOST POWERFUL MEDYCINE. A Lady writes :—" Your Medicine is truly wonderful. My case was a fearfully obsti- nate one." Copies of testimoaials (which are guaranteed genuine under a penalty of £100) up, a receipt el stamped envelope to A. DASMAIL, Box 376, Langslale House, Walt- hamstow, London. Established nearly 53 years. THE GREAT INDIAN 2S 9D. FEMALE AirmeiNp.. 2s. 9D. Discoveied by a Married Lady while travailing in the Far East. Nev r f ils to remove all irregularities and obstruo- ti tns in two bout s after all else have failed. Mrs. B— writes :—" Your Medicine acted like a 'harm after two doses. although I hid tried in vain other more ex- p, mit:, remedies for over three mot.ths " S'nfferers will avoid much expense by F ending at o.,ce 2s. 9(1. ior a bottle of this extraordinary remedy. MRS. H. A BARRINGTON, 4, F.atherstone Buildings, Londora, W.C. , - - A WONDERFUL MEDICINE FOR LADIES (Married or Single) DASMAI L'B WORLD-PA MED SPECIFIC, The only S.tfe and Effectual Rem, dy on Earth for Correct- ing at. Irregularities and Removing all Obstructions, from whatever cause arising. Before ordering elsewh.r. (10 not fail to send stamped addressed eovelooe for partirtikrs and then judge for yourselves. Thousands of gen.ii;;e Testi- monia'a have been received, proving it without a doubt to be the most astonishing medicineever discovered, and ally the " Ladies' Tree Friend " Beware 01 Copyists—many have re- cently sprung up, styling themselves " Madame Se-and.Sa " " Retired Physicians. Specialists .te." They ha-e no medical knowledge or experience. A. DASMAEL, Box 412. Langdale House. WALTHAMSTOW, LONDON. Est. nearly half a Century.

EYE STRAIN, DISTRESSING HEADACH ES indigestion, simulated neuralgia, and nervous depres- sion, are frequently caused by some peculiarity of the vision, which can at once be overcome by the use of proiwr glasses, —bee OUR EYES by JOHN BROWNING, P.R.A.S., F.R.M.S., President of " The British Optical As °elation," Ix., (now in it,3 clx.eenth Edition), price is., Pest free; c.,nsult free of charge.— MR. JOHN BROWNING, • Ophthalmic Optician, 63. STRAND. LONDON, W.C. - A DIOMERATUM FOUND. The Trouble with t'llilrlmn's Heads, which is liable to arise even in the best reAulsted Limilies is now reduced to a mini- mum, 88 rRUMAN'S J MISERY LOTION by one applicasion only, tfftctually destroys all parasites, at, the same time devitalising all !lite. It it cleanly and is cer- tain, not greasy, and there is no danger of catching cold be its use. A little applied to the scalp over night, and th head becomes perfectis tree from all parasites in the morn int. So very rarely is a seoond application necessary that it is no exaggeration to state that ONCE UdlNgi IS SUFFICIENT. Sold in Bottle.; at 6d and is. each, through any Chemist; or direct hy post rI 9 Or 15 stamps, from the P•nrietors, FAIGINDESTRF: A TM/MAN 7.. Old Kent-road, London, RE. N.B. Insist upon having TRUMAN'S LOTION and no appointment pen emu. " a . . . .

lifliattiantoug.

RBMEMBER I pay highest cash prices for collections Foreign Stsmps.—BURBANT, Fait House, Romford. NOW READY.—New Work by-"The-Vicsr of Brigstock Thrapston, "HOW TO BE WELL." From the Author- price's. 6d. net

IMMEDIATE Disposal, consequence of ill-health, old and well-established BOARDING-HOUSE ; rent low; inves- tigation courted.—Apply Mr. J. NEALE BAKER. Estate Agent, Hereford.

fIROCBRY AND PROVISION BUSINBSS, capital posi- tion, respectable, populous suburb ; weekly takings £29 to £3O. principally cash trade ; established cencdrn, conven- ient premises, rent £26, incoming £.50, stock at valuation. about £l(.o.—Thostas BRODRIBB, West-street, Bristol. x -- BUSINESS TRANSFER.—SPECIAL Attention is drawn to this Department, as we always have a large number of people on our hooks, from all parts of the United Kingdom, whoare desirous of purchasing the Goodwills of Businesses. All Tradesr,eople are invited to apply to us at once, thee saving thernselv, s time, trouble, and adatertising costs, and in many cases disposing of their business at a loss. No Charge is made for placing a business in our hands unless a sale is effected, and then only a small commission is charged. Our system is acknowledged by all our„clients to be the cheapest, quickest, and most profitable to all concerned. Our Offices are op,n from 9 o'clock in the morning until 6 o'clock in the afternoon, for the use of perroos wishing to sell their business. Partnerships negotiated. Money, advanced, property bought and sold.—CostswantE & Co. Accountants, 71. Market-street, Manchester.

ffiarbtnerp, st., on Oak. LIMERY WHEELS; Emery Cloth; Glass Paper; Grain Emery.—Manufacturers, J. G. DIA.ThoR, and Co., 57. Carruthers-street. Manchester.

T. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Orraerod Grierron, and Co. Limited), Mulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright. and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue 01 wheel and pulley patterns on appll- eation.—Telephone 229.

I)A.TBNT OFFICE MANCHESTHR. BEITABLISIIND IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha J more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish. ment, and possess practical knowledgeof the•cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law. price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C. 8.. & SON, F.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stook ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

WICK'S NORWICH CANARIES for the mansion or cottage ; no home complete without one of our Norwich Canary Songsters, the best in the world. price 6s. 6d., 7s. 63., 10s. 6d each cash with order, weeks approval, send for our Catalogue.-- MESSRS. Wicica, The Aviaries. Norwich.

SORE SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS, &c., quickly CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary Book free from 61, Turnmill-Street, B. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts, bruises, broken knees, cracked heels, grease or thrush, CURED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Condy's Fluid. diluted). It. makes the hair grow where rubbed off. Prices, 8 oz. is.; 20 oz., 2s. of all Chemists. VETERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing diseases lf Horses, Dogs, A. 4. from CONDled FLUID Wouxs, 61. Turnmlll-street. London,E

Carriage, Basslnetres,

-------- I UIIRY.—A good strong Lurry for Sale; almost new.— Away FeRNIoSS, Limited. Wartiugton. riAtiRIAGII LAMPS from 9. 64. t.er pair; re-silver plat- ing, rep lire and japauning.—W. Bilavinx, 37, Daalby- st. (top of London-road). Liverpool. listabl.shed 1869. CARRIAGB LAMPS of every Deszription. Repairs Sliver Plating and Japanning.—Bnw.auu tlnanox. 4, Audiey- st., London-road (close to Owen Owen), Liyerpool. DARGAIN.-Styli;h Tmcl.qn CART, green brass fittings good station 'Bus, carry I?. iside, 7 outside; Char-a-bane, carry 26; Pony Battlesden, equal new; property of a gentle- man; no reasonable offer refused.—Moom. Coachbuilder, Bournemouth.

HOOPER AND SIMMONS. COACH BUILDERS, 8, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES a Moderate Prices. Good Stock o select from, Estimates for Repairs given free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams. Landaus. Vletorlas Wagonettes, and Ply:stone, now for Sale or Hire.

Money. mONBY lent privately by an influential Christian Gentle- man. Please note, no honest person ever retwexl, No loan office, stamped envelope will show.—Huvros, 35, South John Street, Liverpool. DETACHABLE COVERS, wired ready for wh.els. 12s. 6d. etch ; Air tul4e3 2s. 6d. end 3s. 6d. each ; Cushion tyres 35 , 45., and ss. each ; Solid Tyres 3s. each ; Pedal Rub- bers. 10. and 3d. etch.—PEtinEaToN, 10, Llayton-street. Blackburn. cinUPERB Lady's CYCLE, never ridden; used to show off Li my cycling co,tumes ; Dunlop Welsh tyres : every 1896 improvement.; well known mak?.rs • teauttfully finished; price, including all accessories £lO 15s. ; worth doable.— Madam RannouSE, Court Dressmaker, 16 Hinde-st., Man- chester-square, London. W. AND BE CONVINCND. Money advanced daily at a few hours' notice from £3 upwards, simply on note of band. Interest lower than elsewhere, and cash brought to the house if preferred. Letters prnmptly att-nded to.— Apply in confidence JONES, 64, Church-street, Warrington. Private Special terms to farmers. Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. house.

'll E OLDEST ADVANCE OFFICE IN MANCRESTER. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO o £SCO upon PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY at much lower Interest than usually charged. Repayment arranged to suit bor- rowers' requirements. Genuine ar,d extensive business done for 25 years past. No Bills of Sale taken.—Apply or write for terms to GEORGE PAYNE, Acamintant, 20, Kennedy- st., Manchester.

forfo without to d isaurieetel ote s IV ()NpuEllcLitilyllol; on unrtittY, m2oo r o) gentlemen, tradesmen, clerks, farmers, or any responsibt person in town or country (distance no obiect) upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. No fees or preliminary charges ‘Ahatever ; strictly private, prompt and straightforward dealings guaianteed. Bills discounted, Res- pectable borrowers elsewhere paying the usual extortionate loan office money lenders' or so called Banks heavy interest and fees, are cordially Invited to come to me, and I will ac- commodate them upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. Before applying elsewhere call or write. WILLIAM SPENCER, 1, Wellington-buildings South, 2, Lither- land Alley, South Castle-street, Liverpool. Established 1851.

FIELDING'S LIM ITED.—B ILL DISCOUNTERS AND FINANCIRRS. LOANS £3 TO c€soo• DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLR HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties, and STRICTLY PRIVA.TR. Aho LOANS granted on Life Aseura,ce Policies, II evvreions, Freehold and LeasehoA Property. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. £l5 repayable 7/6 per wk. £5 ~2/6 ~£2l ~IC/- „ £lO .. 5/- .. £25 „ 12/6 „ Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. Office hours 10 to 7, Saturday 10 to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH WADSWORTH, District Agent, 121, MERSEY-STREET. WARRINGTON.

THE CREWE AND DISTRICT LOIN 00.. (Eat. 189) 32, CEMETERY-ROAD, CRIWL ADVANCES CASH from £5 upwards on th 3 shortest notice, in town or country. male or female. upon simple promissory notes. on Mortgage of Furniture. Trade and Farm Stock. Crops. Plants. &c. Without removal. Also on deeds reversions, stocks. shares and merchandise of every descrip floss, repayable by easy histalinents. Distance no object Anyone requiring money will do well, before applying else where or paying feed to think of this : " Surely I can dc better with a firm who have been established in Cheshire many years.and devoting themselves to this class of business. than I can with so-called private money lenders or agents with small means. Good borrowers can obtain money hers on reasonable terms and quickly. Write or call for ospectus. W. JACKSON. Manager.

goalts bp %tutton. _ _ MR. ANDREW HUTCHINSON.

'Valuable Freehold Dwelling-house, Nursery Garden and Building Land, Church-street, Frodsham: TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION by MR. ANDREW BUTCHINSON, at the Bear's Paw Hotel, Frodsham, on THURSDAY, the 30th day of JULY, 1893, at 6 for 7 o'clock in the evening punctually, subject to conditions to be then produced. All that FiIERHOT b MESSUAGE or DWELLING- HOUSE with the Nursery Garden thereunto adjoining and belonging situate in Church-street, Frodsham, containing in Statute Measure la lr. 28p. or thereabouts,recently in the occupation of Ellen Hodgk neon. The House is r omparativeiy new, is well built, and in good repair and the Property has a frontage to Church-street of 70 yards or thereabouts, commands fine and earensive views.and is one of the most eligible building sites in Frodsham. To view appty to Mr. Pollard or Mr. Samuel Maddock and tor further particulars to the Auctioneer or JOHN ASHTON, Solicitor. Frodsham and Runcorn.

Telephone : No. 55. ROBERT LOWE , ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers, ). Warrington. kverioNßooms—No.l Bank Street AkisitT TO----Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Establish° 1710. Norwich and Llindon(Aocident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association Established 1856. Imperial Live Stook Insurance As sochtien Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boilerl nsuranoe Company, Limited. Established 1864.

JONES AND ELSWORTH INCORPORATED ACCOUNTANTS. ESTATE AGENTS, ao.. 57, WHITECHA NIL, LIVERPOOL. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE of Property for Sale by Private Treaty, sent post free to any address on application. Re-issue periodically. Particulars of property entered with- out charge unless a sale is effected. Advances made by several Building Societies (Permanent) on easy terms. No PREMIUM CHARGED IN CONNECTION WITH ADVANCES ON GOOD FREEHOLD SECURITIES. Private mort- gages arranged at low rates of interest. Telegraphic Address, " Elsworth, Liverpool," Telephone No. 2,136,

THOMAS CO WD E LI., ESTATE AGENT AUCTIONRER AND VALUER. Orricss AND ISCOTLAND-ROAD ChAMPERS. SALEROOM:— 45, SCOTLAND-ROAD. WAROINGTON Furniture on Sale by Private Treaty. CONSIGNMENTS INVITED.

" ATTENTION !" ROME WAS NOT BUILT IN A DAY. TRUE. IT HAS TAKEN 25 YEARS TO BUILD UP OUR REPUTATION. ALSO TRUE. You may buy Rubbish at Rubbiehy Prices, bnt as you can purchase a RUDGE from £lO Nett, surely it is worth your while to ignore the many cheap and nasty apologies for Cycles now on the market. Bny a RUDGE or WHIT- WORTH. and save the endless sums for repairs which the purchase of a Cycle (P) made of gaspipe and bedsteat. tubing always necessitates, not to mention the risk of lite and limbs attendant upon a rider of a crock. Guarantees from many agents, and makers are Rot worth the paper they are written upon, so many people in the cycle Trade being here to-day and gone to-morrow. There- fore, get the Gu tramtee of the LARGEST AND OLDEST CYCLE FIRM IN THE WORLD. By Buying RUDGE AND WHITWORTH CYCLES. Gool Discount for Cash, or on our New Easy Payment System. BUDGE-WHITWORTH, LIMITED (Rudge Cycle Co., Lt-,, and Whitworth Cycle Co., Ltd.) Works—CoVENTRY and BIRMINGHAM. Turing out Over One Thousand Machines per Week. LIYERP•or. Boum-101, BOLD-STREET.

CYCLES.—Ladies' and Gent's high grade Machines direct from manufac,urers ; prompt delivery, price list free.— HOSIER and Co., Coy ntry.

SAFETIBS I Safeties I—lmportant to Agents. Dealers, and others. Illustrated List of over 1,000 (One Thousand) Machines, New and Secondhand, post free to any address. Don't pay large and U.ncy prices for your machine. See Warrilow's prices before purchasing. Single Machines at Wholesale Price. Ladies' Safeties a speciality. Cash only. Agents wanted. List Post Free from W. R. WARRILOW. Cycle Manufacturer, Regent-street, Weston-super-Mare.

QUADRANT CYCLE COMPANY, LIMITED. SEE OUR NEW PATTERNS AT PRICES TO SUIT ALL. LIST tREE. 69, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. AND 302, STANLEY-ROAD. BOOTLE. LADIES TAUGHT AT OUR TWO LARGE RIDING SCHOOLS.

CYCLES! CYCLES 1 1 CYCLES !! ! THE CYCLE KING. J. WADDINGTON, (Holder of the 50 and 100 miles Nortliern Road Record), 16, ST. JA MES-STRE ET, WARRINGTON. AOENT FOR THE POLLITT, COLLIER TWO-SPEED GEAR, NEW HUDSON. ALLARD, MOHAWK, AND TRIUMPH CYCLES. Call and see him for GOOD RELIABLE MAC- HINES. REPAIRS, and Accessories. WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. Second.hind Machines always in Stock. rhree years' Guarantee. LADIES CYCLES A SPECIALITY. To meet the requirements of those who cannot see their way clear to Buy a Maohine RiAt Out, by paying £3 down they can have a Machine any day during 1896. DON'T FAIL TO LOOK IN AT WADDINGTON'S CYCLE SHOW, 16, ST. JAMES-STREET, (Just over river Bridge), ALSO AT MERSEY-CH AM BE RS, M ERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

J. H. DUTTON, MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN. (LATE J. S. GARLAND). GENERAL FURNISHING & BUILDERS' IRONMONGER Sole Agent for the Celebrated RUDGE WIIITwOR [H, EXCELLIoR, EUREKA, AND COVENTRY CROSS CYCLES. GREENS PATENT Sib ENS MESsOR LAWN MOWERS, GARDEN ROLLERS, GARDEN SEATS, RAKES, SPADES, FORKS, ETC., AT LOWEST PO S IDLE PRICES. GUNS AND AMIIIJNITION. Estimates Free.

PATENTEE AND MAKGR OF THE " ELEGANT" CYCLE STAND. ADAPTED ESPECIALLY FOR HOME USE. AGENT VOR THE "BUDGE," " WHITWORTH.- TOWNEND BROS., AND OT ER HIGH-GRADE CYCLES. MAKER OF THE " SPRINT " CYCLES. MACHINES MADE TO ORDER. A VAIIIEIY OF LADIES' CYCLES ON lIAND. INSTRUCTIONS GIVEN BY LADY ATTENDANT. REPAIRS A SPECIALITY AND PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO. CHARLES ALLEN, MERSEY CYCLE WORKS, LIVERPOO - ROAD, WARRIISGTON.

HIGH-CLASS TAILORISG. THE MANCHMTER IAI LORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT, c gest 8 & 10 HORSES' ARKET 1/7. V V ARRINGTON. -Li AVE NOW READ for the insp evtb JL.I. numerous Customers, a larger collection than NEW SPRING GOODS NOTWITHSTANDING THE GREAT ADvANCO •7, Avr IN 4.1 i. CB OF WOOL (FULLY 10 PER (-3rroji THE M.O.D. HAVE BEEN ABLE TO P14„11-3 LARGE CONMACT ORDERS AT OLD PRlv'—' Ofert% This advantage being offered to all purchfSease A SAVING OF 10 PER CO. May be effected by entrusting orders for CLOTHING, EARLY with the M.o' THE M.C.D. will forward, on receipt of Dst Card, their LATEST PATTERN BOOIC, CONTAINING OVER 400 NEW SA.M PLErO SPRING AND SUMMER. ONE OF THEIR ASSISTANTS WILL ALSO FOR THE PURPOSE OF MEASURING AND TO TP,- ORDERS FOR ANY CLASS OF GARMENT REQUIRED. ALL CLOTHES ARE TIiOROUGHLY SW GARMENTS WELL MADE AND TRWill°' PERFECT FIT GUARANTEED. AND THE EXTRAORDINARY VALUE, OODS MADE TO ORDO At the following prices, CANNOT BE EQUALLED IN MANCHESTER 00 LIVERPOOL.

I A all 9 ONLY DIE BEST CUTTERS AND; WO EMPLOYED. THE M.C.D. • CORDIALLY INVITE AN INSPECTION, OF ALL THEIR DEPARTMENTS. 8 & 10, HORSEMARKET STFA.-1 V V ARRINGTON.

• THE BELFAST HOUSE. JOHN WILSON AND SON, of BELFAST and BA,LLYMENA. LINEN slid DAMASK MANUEXCTURERS. beg to inforin their former Patrons and the Public generaq that their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, IS NO OPEN with a JOMPLETE STOCK of tbeg CELEBRATED HAND-WOVEN DAVA TABLE:CLOT:IS, NAPKINS. SHEETING' PILLOW LINENS. TOWELLING. CAMI3I,".a, POCKET-HANDKERCHIEFS, also GltHrtn MEN'-i SHIRTS, COLLARS, and CUFFS. LADIES' and CUILDREN'S UNDSROLOTP- ING, of their Own Manufacture, all of vi they will sELLat Bona-fide MANUFACTURE,S'. PRIMO, All are Invited to Call and inspe''"' No one importuned to buy. JOHN WILSON SO LINEN AND DAMASK HIANUF NO, OF BELFAST.

WOINDERFUL REMEDY 1011 For BILI)us and LIVI a COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTI;9,, SPASMS, FOUL BREA'TH, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, IRRO•" LASSITUDE, LOSS OR APPETITE DYSPEPSIA. H LOWNESS OF SPIRITS, GM KRESS, Ike. As a Genera! Family Aperient 3fedicine, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, ARE UNRIVALLED. ,dlO 01500$ Heads of houSeholds should always have a b()% of Ai resort to on any slight occasion of ailing on the Par' "rerd under th ir charge as by paying attention to thlll action vf the Stomach, Liver and Bowels,many a 58%76'5 49 is avoided or mitigated. They give a healthy tone 1,.,ert(400 to the different secretio is. causing the necessary org'" Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus the appetite, promoting digestion and strengthe whole system. po The Genuine are in a square green packet. fore persuaded by anyone to buy any other med One Prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, Seymour London. W.

CRICKET. 11W). G. BUSSEY, & CO., the leading Sports Manufac- l_X tarers of London, S.E., have published a most com- plete catalogue. It is bound to interest Cricketers, Golfers, Tennisers, Croquet Payers, an 1 the like. If you cannot ob- tain a cody from the local Dealer, send a post card to G. G. B. & Co., as above. Cricketers should get the G. G. B Diary, price 61d. post free. *4* Secretaries of Cricket Clubs are requested to note that rep .rts of matches played on Saturday must he sen to the Head Office. Bewsey-street, Warrington, not later than 10 o'clock on Thursday morning, or they cannot be inserted. DARENBURY Y. MOORD.—This match was played on Monday night at Moore, r: milting in a win for the home team. Score: Daresbur) 7. Moore 12. DARRSBURY V. HATToN.—This match took place OD Saturday at Hatton. resulting in a well-earned win for Daresbury by three runs. George Hatton, for Hatton. played a splendid game, taking almost all his opponents' ickets. Score : Hatton 34, Daresbury 3(. WARRINGTON V. CHRADLR fluLlre.—The first meeting of these clubs took place on Saturday, at Warrington and resulted in a decisive victory for the home team. Score and bowling analysis : CnELDLE UULME. WARRINGTON. E Taylor b Connor 2B Thewlits can out ....... C V Rome b Scrimshaw C H Taylor b Connor 4 H Connor b Redford E Rome b Scrimshaw - 1 G Hampton b Mayor ..... 12 H Williams b Scrim- G Clarke b Mayor shaw A Rome b Scrimshaw 0 E England lbw b Red- Collets b Scrimshkw 1 fern R Todd not out W 0 Redfern b Scrimshaw 0 fern Mayor b Scrimshaw G Colles lbw b Scrimshaw 0 It Silcock b Redfern Extras Total ............161 BOWLING ANALTSIS. CHEADLE Tutmaia. WARRINGTON. ORW 0 M W Comaor lO 3 29 2 Mayor 26 8 62 3 Scrimohaw .........10 4 23 8 If Redford A E Taylor A Rome 2" 013 0 • S olles WARRINGTON V. CiTADLE HIILNIIR (2ND xi).—Brilliant weather favoured the first ;netting of the above teams on Saturday. Score. WAYAINGTON. CREADLE Adamson c Radford b Pletcher b Crompton...—. 1 Rodgers . Slicoc,c c and b Horsley..- 24 Unsworth •2l Unsworth run out Evans c Radford b Rodgers 5 Crompton Rushwo4th c Hewitt b End- Alexandhr c Duckworth tl ford Crompton c Holt b Horsley 8 Radford c Rushworth b Duckworth c Rodgers b Crompton Kirk 22 Rogers b Unsworth C ,rter not out 8 Holt not out Ashton o Horsley b Radford 0. Hewitt c Carter b Una- flaldy b Kirk Sub-, not out l5 Chapman b. Uusworth ... 4 COlis c Crompton b Unsworth Horsley b "ileock Extra 3

GRAPPIINHALL 2ND T. WINNINGTON PARK 2ND.—Played at Winnington on Saturday. Score ; GRAPPENHALL. wpraINGTON. Burrows b Ashton • Williems C Shnms b Simms C Kaye b Fenton E, Hoigkinson BB Dale c Brierly b Warbnr- Pieton b Bilis Warbutton not out 6 Capes run out ..... ....... 17 Ashton c Warburton b Ft nton Bradshaw b Fenton-. W Hodgkiason b Fenton 2 H Hodgkinson not out Marsh not out ...... Extras 1 Extras -- Total. -164 Total WIDNES WHITS ROSE V. WSTION (2ND TIAAIS).—At Widnes on Saturday. Score WHITE nom, WESTO7 Philiips b Tudor ...... ......... 3 Ttrlor c Mart;rndale b Anderson c Tudor b Pye ... 53 Teasdale Martindale b Jones „, IZ Bearkes b Anddrson Williams lbw b Pye Teasdalec Yat,s b Bail 0 Leach' c Teesdale b An- Hignett c Yates b Green Barkla bPye . 9 Pye run out ll Hartley e Willi „ma b Jones 5 l-:omerville b Anderson , Sumner not out ...... ......... 14 Yates run out . • 14, Thompson b Jones -.. 0 Jones not out Bartles b Jones derson — 11 P William, lbw b And'ren 0' Ball b PhiVips — 3 Extras - 3 -- Total lIBl Taal • 78 EARLEST3WN V. SOUTHPORT.—The return fixtuTe between tnese.clubs was played at Earlestown on Satur- day. Earlestovvn went to the wickets first, and owing to the sterling play of Miller and Clare were able to put 150' ru'ns for the loss of 6 wicket,• the innings being then closed. Southport had an hour and a halt in which to . wipe off the figures, but within that time they were all disposed of for 82 runs. Score :. HieRLESTOWS. SOUTHPORT. G Husband c Bedwall b R A Chadwicl_c c Crowther Turner l5 b Husband o 0 Dennis c Grant b Turner' 15 Turner c Hipwood b Miller b Wilkinson 46 Alderson ••• 2O F P Clare c'Eatty b Turner 39 H Wa'msle.y c Husband b T Barker b Walmsley 1 Clara ilr Senkinsont not out l9' J it Batty c Crowther b W H Crowther b Wilkinson. 3 Husband . . 8 J Alderson not out C Hipwood did not bat Rev H lt Mocatta c Ba•Aer T Mitchell II b Dervais- 9 C W Emmett „. W A Fdrnihough b Hip- wa ,od J Scott b• llennis l2 E P Bedwell run out L de Urgate b Dennis 6 E Wilkinson not out . C Extras 8 Extras a Total l5O Total In EAR:aI/STOWS 2ND'V. SOUTHPORT 2ND.—At Southport on Saturday. Score :; EAIRLESTOWN. SIMI/PORT'. W Hatton b Rees 7 A Hatch b T Marsh lB T Marsh b Ashcroft 0 H Rees c Harrison b • J Sanders b -Lucas A Ltmond c& b Lucas J Ogden c Dixon b Fry 1 A BraarLey lbw l Harrison 6; F Reade a-Dixon b Fry 7 W Ashcroft run out lO T James b Fry 3 AT cm c& b Limood ... 24'1 . J Burrell a Ashcroft b R H Fry b Limond 6 ' • Fry R Robinson a Nichols b Sanders Fry 9 WW Dixon not out l6 F Horiley ran out 0 J Nichols c Brace b W Harrison not out R 17 Stephenson not out 15 Extras 7 Extras lO Total B4, Total .. ....... ...129 . ST. HELENS RECREATION V. NEW TON. —Played at newton. Score : NEWTON-. REcREATIox. WI Gee run cat 0 Robinson lbw b Cool'o 46 W H Hindley, a Gregory b Gregory a Dudgeon b Robinson Stapleford b Gregory 0 E , IPitkington b Bates... 8 Bates b Gregory 4 E Hbnseman a Parkes b Cooke c Crawley b Gregory 4 Bates Laithwaite run oat 9 J. Leadbetter c Stapleford Parkes b Win Shaw 2O b Bates lB Carson b wm ss, 2 W. Shaw c Dudgeon b Dudgeon bWm Shaw Wight b Wm Shaw Wllliams not 0ut"....... ........ 8 P Marsh not out W 'fic:zle b Hindiey....-- 0 Wm Shaw c Parkes • b Hindiey R Harper a Staplsford b Bates- 4 Extras 4: Extras —1 Total 5l T0ta1...... ...301

c.ç_ 0 • ' ;414: ' - ./.:::"4 -.' ....... ro, , ~."-'' „v.-- STOWER'S }t - LI M E .5 do h ..,, ig• ~..' J uppF: tU I teC ..oyal Houser:Led. . •-- , ~ . a ',•"Pri1:,.;;;',..,,:t .•'4 i 1 ' . ' . 4 V', - 1,0 , -1;7, 73, , - i 4, ' i',, -,•;,';\ -, \- No Musty Flavour. Ask your Grocer for Free Sample. To be obtained from LEWIS & Co., Grocers, Widnes.

•i THE j 0 HN __ . — 1118- -4 .-'- -- - ' . •••- - ' , _;-, . . M 0 D-- L -C 0 S T U -ME -- s. . ~ . .. . , . ..„.. , „A ~.... ~.4. . DEFY ALL WEATHER - SEM- ik;ND t- Yr- ; .. • _ '-----.4- - -= - --:.,-.', --- , ~,r....., ~.,.,,.- _ ... ,o,tilv , ./...-- WRFCK OF THE "J,.. 1" lr 1 ELBE.'• •,., -, IV , _, it , .„, i rin.l 7,:„.', , . One Lady only, survived r ' '-t'-.-*'.'" tiv,`,.'; ,• , ' ----,,f-=---: .....,=:__ ,:i. 4.;„ 4, ~t , . . this awful disaster, (miss. \---,---,-..:„..--.4-.„....,,t,..,-,............r- -?: A ' • - Mem). She was wear- Iffei-• 4 ~, c ing a JOHN NOBLE 1.-‘-_----t: _l', tj -,Virtie-;-•, ti -___-:-...,_,....,z2!....,-- _,,,-,.., ~....-, ~ CHEVIOT SERGE COS- # '-----L.---,-;'. ----...7"••-• --r--.., ---."-r. • '-',4--- :` f, , TOME which looked little -:------ `,... , ,f,...... "."" . . - '` - - - -. . -.1.4, ' . worse atterlonginunersion In the Sea. For SUMMER HOLIDAY WEAR orfor ANY WEAR ANYWHERE, in any Weather. THE JOHN NOBLE MODEL COSTUMES Ready Made and to Measure, are pronounced by the Public and the Public Press, in one clear voice, to be ABSOLUTELY the BEST VALUE in the WORLD. Scientifically Cut and thoroughly Well-made and finished in John Noble's own Factories; they are supplied in the following COLOURS: Black, Navy, Brown, Bronze-Green, Myrtle, Electric, Ruby, Cinnamon, Fawn, Grey and Petunia. MODEL 4521. MODEL 469. ST i Is a particularly Isa very Captiva- Smart Costume ting Coat and Skirt -......., ~. consisting of Sty- Costume, Tailor- lish Bodice and full made and finished tra*:-A 41" 0 wide Skirt, trim- in johu Noble's med fine military best style. The cei ‘ tri braid and fancy Co at . ---- ...r r, p,,,41114:: 71, , buttons. having ii ~,N,-4-..„... Prtc e u:rri- 41 -, -,4„... - only io'6 i , A aYt 1016 , revers Car'iage and square coy- . , e , ...• *lea . extra. s:Aft 9dners. A full wide \ A 4 '-' il? . '''''''"'" 0f A Great Variety ,'," ' ' Costumes SpilEetre, onlyrce c 176... :...f. •„,„ . A, i -feovi, are shown in John Sent carriage paid :w- :t;,i,rVir' Noble' s latest for 9d. extra. Fashion Volume Pattzrns &Illus. i. , e1,„.',.1 ik ;,-7, ' trated Fashion ' " NEW DRESSES 1 Sheets post free. ,!:',.../Y e' i• A".' / FOR A Full Dress , ~ Length of the / . ( 1 : ~,t.T4' ~: EVERYBODY. World .' , : ,„" r, ' ft..'„ i,, 444,,,>,', 4; :`, '.. 0 „1,40 sent post free to famous 1 /, 4 . -f...‘,...,,a4,,..,,,t4,, all applicants, to- Jo h n / 11 .„ , t-,,,,,,,,,,,Y..,, gether with Pat- , Nob I e ,)' / terns of the John IC he viot i Noble Cheviot Sergesent , Serge. for 7,6. Car. 9d ex. N.B. Ordinary Stock sizes are 34, 36 and 38 inches round bust, under arms, the Skirts being 38, 40 and 42 inches long in front; special sizes made to measure for 116 extra. Please mention this paper. Cheques and money orders should be crossed" Loudon & Midland Bank," and made payable to_ JOHN NOBLE, LTD., Brooikitsst. MANCHESTER. , ... AnumuMuillkalullik4lll.ll.l.lllunk.m.n.

LADIES ISPENSABLE TO LADIES! Particularly those who desire a quick safe and reliable remedyforall oestructions and irregu- larities, a medicine which cures !usually in a few hours, cases which have baffled the skill of the best medical men. No lady needdespaires the most obstinate &hopeless eases have been immediately relieved by this remedy. Mrs. Wilson, of Honor Oak Park, Forest Hill, save: "Your Invaluable remedy took immediate effect; in less than 12 hours I was all right, after 18 weeks of misery and hopeless- ness." A propercertified guarantee is en c °sod with all testi- monials and medicine. One package at 45. 6d. is usually sufficient for any case. Ladies send at once fully directed•en- velope for particulars an 1 proofs. I will forfeit 21000 foneN-ery testimonial that is not genuine. Thousands of testimonials have been received. Established over 100 years. Do not be =tided by showy advertisements and other so-called remedies which are utterly worthless. Write privately, at once, to— INE ilLimazinum ric AA/4, ILIIDicAL INSTITUTE, HACKNEY ROAD ((Apposite Shoraditch Church). L0nd0n44.13.

~—. ._.........,-, --. 7 •-•••••-,- r ''' • t• i., ~,,,,,ill), I.\:. 115,.... •I, .sc, Aw. ":, I _tlio 1, :""--.-...., 1 ) t!.."':,'...07 di :..,4.--2,p,..-, i c .., , ,-7-;•,, ,1:;.1•::-,-----,-( . ' ~,';',,,,.';',...,4;,, .‘,.. •• • ;;;',`";fr -"W ) : i'""`i*'• . °.:','"'74l'. . ' ljt4-Y'"Nr,,.•;.4. 0, ....,...:;,10 ,le,:. ~ ....: ',',..6v.,,P.,,,,-,,,,, ~ • ~1412,11‘,-,. ,1:,:q ~...,..:ti....,.. ~ '' k i..-0. 4 /1 .4.,10 04 ,t.'4•4— "io ,iiierf . e;- ..,,,, •.' ~-...,-.-,p •-•k [ .'' ' ~.- .0-7- 46..."-' -.,,, , , . Itt--',.,,t.' • .P. ' c ,•,,l, - nu:.',"='• .04", i ' ...e` 4.4 • i. • .-'1 (. ~ . , , ' A.... i'r, 4:At. ,P, ':,..' ' 7 0•03. .r• ''. .•!..- ' ',,,,...,-,‘.4, _ ~-..,,, . 4.... , -,.,... 1,,.._, 11'4 F,T.r ' '... 4r--- , 4,..-,>:ti* ~ .411' • ov.eft. FIFTY redißs.4.;. f ' ' It.-4 Ni ‹, il OOTHINP., , 1 ~ i • ‘, , ) r ' 1,EL.:47. i f ~ •,, A \ .-- FEVEP,Sq HEAT. k•F A. .: . c'it 1, 1., 1 I yre‘c•i .b. . i". ) 2 .„4 ~ .....„ ' Ills, ~' Peoserrt i : A 4 •ai.k„,„,,,..r.t..,,,„.;:i. Fr di 11 t..•,c,.;,:-4,t 41.'414 Ote - i &eh L Pl,,i 417rrTtiimc t .'""15') v / le' ' • .AI,\VOICI'II, urr,ey: ,'.•-. ~.7 , ..) e.... ---TlTT,Tir•lrrj- . :Y. .. 3 • f . ( Please Observe the EE 5,4 .....:: , IN STEEDMAN , ... ~.. 1 . „.,.......-.5.,....,.,..., . 1-... • -----.:„.„ _.....,,,,...,......,„. ~..,...,..,.... .., ..,

REE TO MEN. When you are tired of taki. suseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you nogood, but only ruin your digestive organs. write to me and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CBRTAIN cure for lost strength, wasting weakness, dm., from whateve cause arisin4. NO STOMACH M (COWIN% NO BLECTRIC- ITY. Sent in envoloDe oe receipt ot two stamps for postage A. J.LEIGH. 92-93. Great 1016mM-street, London. W.O

JORN WALKER AND CO., PROPRIETORS OF THE EXAMINER SERIES LANCASHIRE A CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPER WHICEL COMPRISE THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, end Add Pat Colborne, and liayd,iek Reporter, published Friday afternoon. The district is in the heart of the Lancashire coa. Reid. rr HE St. Helens Examiner and Prescot Weekly News, pu Wished Friday afternoon. The district ocmprises the centre of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of the Kin om. THE .Runcorn Examiner, published Friday after- noon. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. 'TIRE Indlcu Examiner, published Friday after- noon. Widnea contaiub the li.rgest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming ain important centre of industry. Auction, Education, Wanted, T.) be Let, On Sale, Legal Public Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, Bazaar, and other Public Notices, Advertisements (except Partiameatary)are inserted In &lithe above papers at one charge. Each of the above papers Consists of 8 pages. 56 long an wide columns,each column admitting more matter than th columns of any otherlocal paper---a tact deserving the atte n tion of both advertisers and subscribers. Each Examiner in ddition to giving the local intelligence of the district, in which it circulates, contains the general news of the week. Price 01 each Paper—ONE PENNY. -- PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Charge secures Insertion of the undermentioned Ad e tisements in ALL the FIVE EXAMINERS. One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 O. 6d. ... is. 3d. „, ' 2s. 3d. g 7 Cs. 9d. ... is. 10d. 3s, Od. 36 I. Od. 2s. 6d. 4s. Od. 45 is. 3d. ... 3s. Id, ss. O. 54..

I - SMART'S FEMALE lIRIXTUR r.. Will po:iitive y rern,,Vt' the most obstitrite obstructions, 1!!r•An any ean-e' flo-t Powertul and Str ngest on Earth t!iB. per bittle. p•,st fre , under corer. with ,:tiarantee 011 ictire.ti irregu arity c :n resist it. Send for our Ladies' jllook, cootai-ing full particulars and thirty pages et• s, ill sworn on Oath bef,re lltr Majesty's !Commissioner 0 Oaths to he true and geutline. All I hettto's answ..red Personally by Mrs. SMART, 81, tIXBR'iD(-1E RD., LONDON, W.i _ _

parkhill Cyclz Co. .47N - . 6 , ''..- . SPECIAL TICS.I STRZNGTH,LIGIi r:.IiSS,CREAPNES - * . , ; - 5. d for our New List before buyalri "I ft , F ...,'" en elsewhere. You canno: ge i t c bettcr quality. i F ~, ' ~.. Ll' 4 99, Durham Road, - v s. :::' BirailiNGHAM .... - •

MaSONT PATENT USED ON TIE NEW TOWER BRIDGE. UNW ARABLE, Mason'a Patr:nt Non-Slipping NON-SLP°ING Stirrups. STAIR r)EAOS. Contractors to H.M.IN Office & Ora iraity. THE SAFtITY TREAD SYNDICAI r. LTD,, 15 BARBICAN. LONDON, E C.

- Rend Photo of yonroilf or erien,l, toe:nther with P.O. for fij- and yon will rec-ive (carriage paid) one of flr eollt;ements -(0. artisr Jenny finish:Ai n mor hronc,Ao and mounted on ginulat II)‘ Should and Plate Sunk Me, .it cOr` Enlargement rnearniring not be cotwidered , IS 15. by •-• rulsonably ratisla,,tory S we will do the work over again I'REE CITAIKIE, or refund Yoney. Addresa. Orde- urd Remittance to 'ME PHOTO ENLARGLMLYr Co., High Street Studios, Wood ar,tu,_Lundoia, N. N.B.—Name PArEit.

POLISHING-A PLEASURE I WILL NOT . STEPHENSON,s FINGER MAR K. , _i`t.'i ;,-,,* ' FURNITURE CREAM. ~,,,,,...,.• ...:.......:0?„.. -p4 . . •,.:, ~..... A %..e ••• ~...- -..,..,,.! (~ , :.:.:.H.1.:/:',4'‘. ' ,;,114 s.'•• 44". ' . -0,;. *l.- , . -- ::::.';'.:..': f'Fi-.-.... .t ,4 .zt TAWkii•:., ' .Ni''''' - . . • .. j : ,A, -,..,--et.54;‘,..g..., '..-:-,...V i.- - ~1.1. -,-, -4,1,-4.= .•..:; ''.2 •.,.."- ,f; +lv. - t . :,,-;,1,-atiVipt,:ft.'l,... . , - ~,,.....,./ '..-.:;,1,...,:;,,,,,k''''-' .I',.k•-• 1-"*. -ci-..:.,'-''---,. - lit • -- ei `„lipitt: • S. Id by ell '-iii i lei A , G rocers, aHa I Sole Peoprietors, STENENSON BRCS., BRADFOr.,i

LADIES' BEST FRIEND LADIES MADAME DR. LILLY'S FEMALE 4s. 6d. LADIES MEDIOINE Post LADIES - Free. LADIES " ORUSOSO," 4s. 6d. ' - Post Free 4/6 LADIES RAPIDLY REMOVES OBSTUUC- LADIES TIONS, HOWEVER Post LADIES OBSTINATE. Free. LADIES 4/6 LADIES THE ONLY POSITIVE REMEDY. LADIES 11° my sex who require a positive Post LADIES and never-failing remedy for Free. LADIES all ladies requirements, speedily 4/6 LADIES removes all obstructions and irreg- LAD IBS ularities, especially in difficult and Post LABIBb long-standing cases; never fails to Free. LADIM3 have the aesired effort. A few doses 4/6 LADIES general 4 sufficient. No case con - LADIES sidered hopeless when you have this Post LADIES remedy. Free. LADIES " ORUSOSO." LADIES Regt. Trade Mark. 4/6 LADIES " Oruso6o" is pleasant tl take Post LADIES and will not injure the most deli- Free. LADIES este. 4s. 6d. (post.) sealed. 4/6 LADIES It has proved the " Ladies' Best LADIES Friend" in thousands of oases. Post LADIES Delay not, but send at once. Free LADIES Addressln confidence. LADIES A. G. LILLY. 35. COLSTON- 4/6 LADIES STREET, BRISTOL. Post LADIES Illustrated Special Guide. Free 2d. Free

A REAL BOON TO LADIES TO Especially to those who wish to know of LADIES 10 a safe, certain, and speedy remedy for LADIES all irregularities and obstructions. a LADIES TOremedy which under the most trying TO circumstances and in the most difficult LADIES TO and LADIES TO OBSTINATE CASES LADIES TO NEVER FAILS TO AFFORD LADIES RELIEF, TO GRNERILLY IN A FM POURS. LADIES TO No case hopeless, failure is simply LADIES TO Impossible, as Mrs. Snow, of Denmark LADIES To Hill. Camberwell, writes: . LADIES •• By adopting your treatment soy TO anxiety aid misery was over within LADIES TO twenty-fo ir hours, although for over three LADIES TO soon ha I had been daily taking pills and LAMES TO other things in vain. Half the quantity LADIES you sent proved effective, to my intense TO oy and surprise" LADIES TO A sworn guarantee is enclosed with all LADIES TO testimonials and medicine, which is in- LADIES TO expen ive, as one bottle at 4s. 6d. (by LADIES ~,, post, 45. 9d.) is usually sufficient for any LADIES tu case. TO Full particulars will be gladly forwarded LADIES TO to any lady on receipt of addressed LADIES TO envelope. LADIES Write privately to— TO Hrs. M. M. M., LADIES TO 145 Qmn,Trw,,r ‘-rliskil I,()Nnov.s.w LA DIES

SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. is lid. and 2s. 9d, per box (by post for IS or 33 stamps) are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety, aftet excess in eating or drinking. and are the most valuable at change of lye, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Met, ourials, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, 280, Walwortb-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLHR'S CHLRBRATED CORN, BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTIII/. Is. lid., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the ase SMITH'S NVALUABLE PILH POWDER, AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZ isNU ES, SAMI PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors.

EADE'S p ILLS. EADE'S rm. All who suffer from Gout Tor Rheumatism s'iould imme tiatelv EADE'S PILLS. have reJourse to BADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Te,timonials have EADE'S puus. been rece ved from all sorts and .UA conditions of men testifying to EADE'S plus. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the very EADE'S puxs. worstcases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly sate in their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, ft hIEU3IATISM, RHEUMATIC GOIN , PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. , GOUT " 16,Burton-crescent Dewsbury- road, Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. HE U M A T I S M "Dear Sit, —lt is with unlaounded I i pleasure I send you a few !Ines in GOUT praise of tour most excellent Pills. Is is six yea, s since I first had 1) II II U MAT IS M Rheumatic Gout. and I had three It months in bed with it. Of course GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. RIIEUMAT IS M Tatheaeiklexate,sip,arian I danother az pershua a d e d h y a GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented RHEUMATISM r have had the Ever rsnebewinhgenla GOUT pain I hive taken 2 or 3 Pills I and I have been all right again i 'tali U3IAT I S M directly. 1 I 'WOULD NOT BR WITHOUT GOUT THE'sf 111` THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. RHB UM ATI S M You are quite at liberty to make whit use you like of this, and I GOUT shall be pleased to answer any poor sufferer who vire* to write RHEUMATISM Tveis,lng oio;oluntvey stamped sads,dress). Yours truly, ALBERT MOUNTAIN." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, is. iid. and 2i. 9d. or sent post free for Postal Oraer by the Proprietor, GEORGE HAUB, 72, GOSIVELL-ROID. E.C. Ask for and be sure NOU obtain BADE'S awn AND ICEIEU- MATIC PILLS. EADE'S PILLS.

WHY COMPLAIN OF YOUR FEET? WHY SUFFER NEEDLESS PAIN? PEDESIUM ! PEDESIUM !! PEDESIUM !I 'BE latest, best and surest PREVENTIVE of I CORNS. CURING SORE AND PERSPIRING FEET Walking, standing. running. oycliug. becorn( s a pleasure' it bring impossible for the fe et to chafe or became over. heated. BEWARE OF SUBSTITUTES. Soldfin Boxes, 6d., and is. (post free). Agent for Warrington J. RYMER YOUNG, 40, Sankey-street, or send direct to A. HAMILTON, 23, Waterside. North Lincoln.

KEATING'S PO WDEAB Fiero, Btrn, Moths. Beetles.

This Powder, so cele- -3d., Dd., and IS. TINS. brated. is perfectly un- -4-3 rivalled in destroying d., _d., and IS. 1 INS. Insects (whilst perfectly harmless to all animal 3 1 T life). All wollens and d., d., and S. INS. urs should be well sprinkled with the Pow- der before placing away. Sold only in tins. --- WORMS IN CHILDREN, WORMS IN CHILDREN. Are easily. surely, and with perfect safety got rid of by us lug KICATING'S WOR d TAI3LIiTS. Nearly all children suffer from Worms. If suspected, do not wait, you can with ease Cure the child (has no effect except on worms). Sold by all Chemists, in Tins. is. lid. each.

BREAKFAST-SUPPER. EPPS'S GRATEFUL-COMFORTING. COCOA BOILING WATER OR MILK.

A GOOD FAMILY )IEDICINE CYEST, W ITII a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take come good Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, mu be set down as the best.—Observer. cocKLESs FREE FROM MERCURY. ANTIBILIOUS OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. PIL Las For BILE, LIVER. ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

HOLLOWAY'S PILLS AND OINTMENT Will Cure BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, &o. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES, SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, &c.

Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LON/Delhl.

, ~ .. , - \ • ,-;. -•-- '.. \,',` ', - , - ',. , :-: i ,;._,..,1•,' :,tt. .1- • , ,„„\:,,, _ - ,-- •,, ../. / .., '' \, t ~.., A , „ •\ , , \ \ i',li , , if 0 / , ...441\ ' %,c :'\ ~\t' • '.t V ' •'' sN' \w‘., N ' \\A (‘ 1 i ill /3 ill 1' ii ith//// / ;77 ;, 1 ~,,,....-....,,,,, \sA ', -"‘ ••• \ \‘-',....50u A i ' / 'lf / r/ i' / r r ' ~..4. \ ~\, , \''',- ,4. i%,•4, .1 ,lie , 4,11 , / , ti•. it, / /,' ‘% nil ..1 thii4feffiNei;',l,--/a) I . fra, 1 /7. , -,- \V \ 7:'• ..-• '' \ ‘IL 1,0 , ,/// -47:'-' ‘, ' \ \*N. t•.s‘ 'NI,. \ \ , •,",: 4. "V" /", '7,.- / /s'. :/ ' . \ ' ..'. . ''''' , • IL".. ._ ' . .... ',"/„... 11 ' \ \ ...:-. \ " " -' :.,,,,!: 'YEAS-T - .g. , ~.,\,, , ..... ..„- vo ,:,;../, ...,„/ .: ... .... ~ .... ~,,..,,,,.: -, , _ _

No expense is spared to make our " D.C.L." Yeast perfect both for home use and Bakers' requirements. If you hare not tried it send to us for Booklet of Instructions. Sole Manufacturers : THE DISTILLERS Co., Ltd., EDINBURGH. Always ask for 1160.C.L."

JENGT-dISFIC—TECE BEST! BENSON'S ENGLISH WATCHES. 4., Guaranteed for Accuracy, Durability, Strength, and Value. Thousands of Testimonials have been received. BENSON'S BENSON'S ETlglifiall X.Ersreari Keyless English leelzeir "LUDGATE" WATCH "BANK" WATCH. In Silver Cases. In 18-ot. 15:5 ..16) Gold Cams. In . :*-4-zik. 112.12 z 5 Silver Cases. lII\ '''\\'' , 'I '`Ar In Silver Cases R 5 ///..:''' S I i 1• . . 4\t\,-, , • \. • I. .:. • ...‘,.\\ \,\ s, yr 44/I'.. 4141P7 ections EX- , i. se.TeTpriiry e 1 . • !.; CHANGE. ':'. • f .-..7. '.>. `t- fi ~ ree,iPt of ' AU ,Goode ‘:\ rit I Oe on ;. • -P-i,,,,,,,,;* i ,L, ',l r.gerenee. ' , .' . I , .e. :: /sot hanged. / . , ~.: • . A., , ! C --"'44:, - • :,:rt-2-,:z*:'-'''

PURE IRISH LINEM IRISH LINEN IRISH CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS pocKip Guaranteed ali Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. IRISH LINEN Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. TRISH LINEN Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/11 per dozer. ; made spec;al to pattern. 8/6 per down. White SHIRT, Linen FittinLis, 3/9, 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER 14' APKINS, 4/6 and 5;6 per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 4FI. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE IRISH L DIEN LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SUMMER AND FVENING WEAR. IRISH LINEN - IRISH TWEED, alalndPsutr)elMe Wool. Unsurpassed plleasesa viffor for L'oadSiptsre,nogrth, cielDl.n,.flilbveilaitry IRISH L INEN PATTERNS FREE BY PETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. G. R. HUTTON & CO.. LARNE., IRELAND.

THINK! JUST DIASTASED FARINA FOOD. A New and Very Superir Food f•.r Infants, belleate Children and Int Aide. The ..'reat desideratum of a Food for Infitnts, Le:icate Children. and Invalids. i‘ easiness of digestion, simplietty of preparation, an,l power of restoring strength; for these purposes • • D ! A STASED FARINA is superier to any other food Sold by ail Chemists, 1/6 per Tin.

GOVERNMENT ARMS, ACCOUTRE- MENTS,. CLOTHINtI, STORES, &c. Governme:tt Clothing:—Great Coats, 7/6; Scarlet Tunics, 1/8 ; Jackets, x/x ' • Grey Capes, r/zo ; Glengarries' id.; Waterproor Hoods and Capes, xod. Police Clottizng :—Great Coats, 5/6; Trousers, 1/9; Leggings, 2/.; Lanterns, 9d. ' • &c. Arms as actually used by the French during the Fr,nco-P:yuasian War :—Chasse- pot breech-loading Rifles, C/- each; Swords, w:th brass handles and steel scabbard., I/. ; Latices, ; Navy Boarding Pikes, 2/7; &c. British Government Camp Equipment: —Army bell Tents, 40-f5. in circumference, with pole, pegs, peg mallet, and t-in. lines, in bag complete, ready for use, 17/6 each; Brown Army Blankets, 7-ft. by s-ft. 2-in., x/6; Waterproof Sheets, 3-ft. by 6 ft., 1/6; Mess Tins, sd. •, &c. British Government HarneEl: Heavy Carr Harness, Z. I,s. &L; Gear Harness, Zx is.; Trouper's Riding Saddles, complete, 12/6 each; BridleG, 2/3; Head Collars, 1/9; Leather Surcinglts 1/3; Nose Bags, ventilated, complete with buckle and strap, 3d. ; &c. New Plarness:—Full-size Gig, complete, £3 is.; Dealt Hogskin, Ki,lin7 Saddles, complete Li 55.; &c. Curtains, Car:lets, &c.:—White Lace Curtains 3 yds. long, 50-ins W5.iC, 2/4 per pair : Carpets, 2-yds. by 3-yds., 3s. each; Bugs to match, Bd.; &c. Illustrated Pr.cc List fret ova afritliceios to %JARDINE, NattirarghoLm.

-- These tiny CAPSULES :•-re superior to Balsam of Co. paths, Cubebs or Infections, etair4 • samethe curedliart tiwhiu.oraut inconvenience. 4 4/6 of all Cherniw 411/1 Or post free. WILCOX & CO., 83, Nlortimar Street, Great Portland Str,:et, LONDON, W.

JAMES HORTON, SANKRY-STRERT, WARRINGTON. PARS MACHINE BAKERY, THE HaKERy- is fitted up on the most iraPro°lo6ll Hygiznin Prirooiples in Ov, ris and Mack,nery _aoe view twthw cleanliness of the goods prtduced health wad nonucort of the workmen. 11.1, PURE BREAD AND CONFECTIONE'' TIOVIS EAD AND BISCUITS. AWARD AND DIPLOMA. FOR PURinry SWEETNESS ANT) EXCELLO

FoR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments uanrranezes,sis.ry, but !U7 TEETH. Ail consultations free. TEETH. Bach patient informed beforehand the e`4l work required TEETH. Gold and other fillings at modeft'te charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendealt. a, TEETFI. Painless Bator itatnroass bY tbe TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10. GO gall°, weekly. Fiore. of the late J. H. PARK INSOS (DENTIST BY MUM.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREgr (NAT. TEL. No, 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-ST REF:I4 ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREEt EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at MrS. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SAO' RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGI-411" NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS, 18i APPLEUiI°

E. IrISSENIIIGIT. MANCHESMR-ROAD, WAR,t,INGTON. „oefie, Architectural and Monumental Sculptor and DO Tombs, Landings. Monuments and ilea i -;tnnesv Granite and Stone. Estimates given.

lif MARRIAGE. ri i %, WV BOYLE—ORRETT.—JuIy 4th, at the PliliAll ChurcL•• to ton, by the Rev. G. B. Thurston, John Boyle ot Orrett. ViVi HoDmEs—KEDDY.—JuIy e.th. at the Par,sh rhuren. 07 ton, by the Rev. U. B. Thurston, Rich rd Hoirato or tA Kelly. ,il.all•to PARICES—DARDING.—JuIy 4th, at th • Pari .11 ClnAt..v. . rington, by the Rev. U. B. Thurstun. Joseph r Helena Harding. SUDLoW—DANKINSON. —July sth. at the Par.,,-" Warrington, by the Rev. H. R. M. Hut.,. W"-, to Georgina Hankinann. - rhormi:,i' 1r DARyILLE—SHIPLEy. July sth, at the Parisn ---vdcofr ,f• rington, by the Rev. H. R. M. Butt, Htrbert 0 6 ville to Dorothy Saiipley. , orrli; r BALL— DASHWOoD.— July sth, at the Parish liest.' riugton, by the Rev. ff. R. M. Hutt, J.,0105 rrit3 010 to Elizabeth Ann Dashwood. ID sio JOLLEY—GALLOP.— July sth. at the Parish Churc to ton, by the Rev-H. R. M. Hutt, J,,saph JolleY Gallop. DEA.Tii S. SI .011, Ai). donNsos—July 4th, at Wmwick-st., Warring" oar Johnson, aged 34 years. Pr' e' HARRIS—JuIy 3rd, at Dale-st., Warricgt,in• 03 aged 19 months. ‘rali4° RYDER—JuIy sth,at Quay Fold, Warrin 1r gton, - I; aged 74 years, ine ,r. ot n 100 FRIECH—JuIy sth, at Lythgoe 1-lane, tyarr tOo' 4 Fried', aged 47 years. FEARNDEY—JuIy 6th, at Birchall-at, iv "" iito Fearnley, aged 43 years. J golni 99 RUSSELL— July 6th, at Platt-st., Warrington, • ' 1,011 aged a months. JAcxson--July 7th, at Watkin-st., Warringt°ll, ,/ Jackson, aged 55 years. --- ---
