===== 0002601_18960926_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
PLOT.

in Glasgow last ned in the dyna- e magistrate at ay,and formalty, under the n-Ame • 7," and was des-- i° kesington.. ; Flood spoke te • t . ,o ch gth conspiring danger life-and ith counselling§ • crimes under the ) reply. A tele-- tons acquainted n Avenue liquor

cabled to New of Mr. Ivory. AN. )relhninary steps. e to procure the • ok in the Phcenix

ought before the id at once handed rd, by whom he London. Tynan ic Prosecutor at • have repeatedly • :onnected with or hat he had been s )f France. As Public Prosecutor 7 documents frons• iould be remanded the Public Prose- letective onwee-- mers Haines and ners persisted in my questions. A izle by the British 3e detained pend- r his extradition. whether Tynan is tates.and it is said _ _

be 'true the diffi— II be greatly in-

===== 0002601_18960926_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
LIIGHTS CLUB.

arrington Chew, is above title,and bred upon a new g of the season- Bold-street. The id. aside for a few mess. The Rev.. ;hair. The Hon. e financial state- bscriptions of the id to .£9 19s. and was a debit bat- passed. A short bility ot provid- the club, and it 11 sub-committee ,), Mr. Newcombe r should be ap- S.eretary said that the fellow - Emitted :---Slessrs 6.erby and E ianimowly agreed Lancashire Chess leration. It was team were called he league engage.° was expressed that !eyed at Warring- ibly be made for the Chairman it continue in the passed to Father y he said he was he had received Varrington. That my active partici' ss Club. He Ives be had once held lent of the count/ fe to add to hie He would have matches between he was afraid the acknowledge thst Warrington Chesil pleasant evenings. up his connectiort member. It nisi will be more pro' raugh ts seetion of .ks hira draugttg.. been the drauguw

(=LYRE " 18 a 1011114 ) leases. It is the mosg. xi, and it will free thrl iatever cause arisine gs. Pimples and Sore Thousands of Testi per bottle. Beware -Advt. (1.

POST CAB° 1000.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
tIVATE

x3easary, but may be Iged•

,a tions free.

beforehand the web squired Ilings at moderate

,ady Attendants,

_ is hitherto by the sla as Oxide.

x of 10.000 gallons ikly.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
KINSON

ILEY-STREET

RCH-STREET,

lE-STREET,

irS, at Mrs. M-01°

)AYS, 3, SAN]col4f

YS, BRIDGE-BT.

3. APPLIIMARBI3I4I'

3E. th inst., at St. 15111,.1 n Turner Munn vier.;oll Stevenson, Bruest 10 of trete Warrington, to

Dackbui.t.

S. aria Place, Warriegt°°' nine Square, Yi'arrisei -lane, wKrringtoo, >lnt-street, Waren,' Olt

,lane, Warrington.

New-Street, WarriS6 !,3 ty jonkt WAVoTstrB6,,evi: 4 Works. DeWseYis_roli, .ziner Offize, ; 32, George.' '.1001;° ARLIV,TOWN.---Ssf.

NO. 911: TRA.NRSIIIIIGITSEINEDAMIAD,

===== 0002601_18960926_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
Contrart6.

IiOItOUGII OF WARRINGTON.—To CLOTHIERS and HATTERS. tollitilleenPtyjNG and SEWERAGR COMMITTEE of receive etihveo jiplißS for 36 SCgAhV3II4I47IrAgt4OI3I.;SprAND 36 HATS. ,Caroples may be seen, and all further information obtained tbe office of the Borough Surveyor, Town Hal, on and I:Ier M•ndey. the itath inst.. at which place tenders must be I tvared be", 4 Whlock p.m. on Monday setober prox. the sth day of The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted. THOS. LONGDIN, Borough Surveyor. llorough Surveyor's Office, Sept. 24th. 1896. N.—

i4:ifirtal gotirto.

ESTABLISHRD 1858. CHARLES SUDLOW, //eOT AND SHOE MANUFACTURER,

15, WINWICK-STREET,

WARRINGTON.

i. A CHOICE ASSORTMENT OF .4"44DIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S BOOTS AND SHOES

ALWAYS ON HAND.

REPAIRS NEATLY:EXECUTED

gtbipping Ratites.

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: JOHN WALKER AND CO., tittAt. "EXAMINER OF'FICR. WARRINGTON.

AGENTS FOR IUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- DAY, and for BOSTON every THURSDAY. INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- TON, PHILADELPHIA. SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND, shluld take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS LV Welch, nßues. Gs to rpar enpda-rde a tut iffsh et eelre ,3troa ttehd e miVe di di col ow from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and increasing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION.—To be careful that what they purch ,se is prepared by Mrs. Smithers, who is the only person in possession of the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Outside label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the Sole Wholesale Agents, W. IlDwAtins & Sox, 157, Queen Victoria Street." formerly of 67. St. Paul's, London. are en- gr-ved on the GovPrnm<nt Stsmp. Sold in boxes at 2s. 9d each by most Chemists.

• AI a .11.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
flit 'LLTl:liiitings. 4-T'xaminnl.,'

SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1896

TAILOR MADE GOWNS.

IMPORTANT NOTICE.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES CAN MAKE A SELECTION FROM ANY OF

OUR DRESS CLOTHS, AND WE GUARANTEE EITHER PLAIN COSTUME OR CnATS AND SKIRTS TO BE

CUT AND MADE EY PRACTICAL TAILORS.

A SELECTION OF OVER 150 COATINGS, TWEEDS, DRESS CLOTHS AND SERGES, THOROUGHLY SHRUNK AND WARRANTED ALL

PURE WOOL. COMPLETE, CoSTUMRS FROM Ws. 6d. W. HODOKINSON, LTD., BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON,

DUNVILLE'S OLD IRISH WHISKY

Pias gained SEVENTEBN MEDALS at various great Inter- national Exhibitions.

It is sold by every respectable dealer in the world. Quota- tions on application to the Head Offices, Belfast. x

ALL AfEN ARE LIARS

S 3 writes a Powlar Author.

Not so bad as that I hope, although I must admit some men are wicked liars ; in fact, it's only by accident they ever speak the truth. It is not a lie when Gershon, the Universal Furnithing Contractor, 44, Oldham-street ; 17, 19, and 21, Hilton-street. Manchester, states that he never attempts to put before the puolic common new London made rubbish, more like orange boxes, for high-class second-hand ; it is not a lie when Gershon states that he never attempts to trespass upon his neighbour's business. Why should ke ? It only causes a bad feeling. Gershon's motto is live and let live. He sticks to the one thing he understands, namely, furnishing. If you can't furnish with a man that understands his business, you cannot do so with men that don't. Gershon has for years cautioned the pubic against buying common new London furniture for second hand, and he still does so. However distasteful it may be to others, Gershon still takes his stand upon the rock of " Honesty and Justice," which are the guiding principles of his business, and from which precents time nor tide will muse him to recede. TERMS OF BUSINESS. RAILWAY FARE PAID TO COUNTRY CUSTOMERS. GOODS STORED FREE TILL REQUIRED. REMEMBER."

Any lot advertised may be had on the deferred paymen system witliont any extra charge. Goods exchanged if not satisfactory. Mr. Gershon will purchase or take in exchange a single article or complete houses of furniture. COMPARE PRICES.

REVOLUTION-IN THE FURNISHING TRADE. Mr. GERSHON is a great admirer of keen competi- tion. but he strongly objects to others copying his advertise- ments. Its mean ; and to those that have not the brain power to write their own, Mr. Gershon will do so for them lIEVOLUTION IN THE FURNISHING TRADE. No extra charge for credit, and 5 per cent. allowed for prompt cash. Mr. Gershon is anxiously waiting to see what unscrupulous shopkeeper will copy this. REVOLUTION IN THE FURNISHING TRADE

I‘IARVELLOUS BARGAINS. 0131±SHON'S CAUTION.

When in search of genuine second-hand goods don't be de- ceived and have new common stuff, m re like orange boxes, palmed on to you. When I have second-hand furniture I Rive he names and addresses, and doi't simply say I get them from this place and that place. You might as well look for a needle in a truss ot hay as look for the lateowner. Don't forget what the popular author wrote, "All men are liars." NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR CREDIT.

FIVE PER CENT. ALLOWED FOR PROMPT CASH. Out of the number of mansions, hotels, and houses I have second-hand goods from, the following may be mentioned. CALL AND INSPECT THE GOODS FROM— HAYESLRIGH, OLD TRAFFORD PRINCE OF WALES HOTEL, HARROGATE. HOLLY LODGE, ALEXANDRA PARK. FULSHAW BANK, WILMSLOW. CARLTON-STREET, MOSS SIDE. MRS. GOLLOTT, WILM,LOW. MRS, THORBURN, UPPER BROOK-STREET, AND OTHERS. BARGAINS GREAT AND WONDERFUL. Smart complete House of Furniture. consisting of the whole furniture for three rooms. sitting-room. bedroom, full size bedstead. mattress bed,bolster, pillows, sheets, blankets, bolster case, pillow slips, and kitchen complete all like n w; price 14 guineas. No extra charge on the deferred payment system. Five per cent. for prompt cash. Call and inspect them. No harm doze if you don't buy. Air ARV ELLOUS VALUE. 11JL A Charminl House of Furniture, really like new. It consists of dining-room suite in leather, extending dining- table, carpet, rug, fender, fire brasses, lace curtains window pole complete, magnificent bedroom suite (not paintsd, solid wood), enclosed dressing-table, large bevelled glass attached ; enclosed viashstand, marble slab tile back, and bevelled shaving mirror, they form two complete chest of drawers ; full-size handsome black and brass bedstead, wire spring mattress, bed, bolster. pillows, sheets, blankets, pillow slips, bolster cases, toilet set, carp3t, complete furniture for kitchen, floorcloth for same. ditto for lobby and stairs. Call and inspect the lot. Get a complete list, and you will say they sire a marvel of cheapness for 24 guin. .s. No extra charge on the deferred payment system. Five per cent allowed for prompt cash. GRNSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, Oldham-street (next to the Adelphi Bank), Manchester.

Charming Drawing-room lot, in perfect condition, con- sisting of handsome Suite, just been re-covered in one of the most fashionable coverings : the charming Cabinet to raatch, lovely Overmantcl, two Tables, Carpets and Rug, Fender and Fire Brasses. all complete and ready for fit- ting up. A superior drawing-room well worth £5 J,delivered for 24 guineas. GERSHON, THE UNIVERSAL FURNISH- ING CONTRACTOR, 44, Oldham-st., next to the Adelphi Bank, Manchester, FROM ONE of the ABOVE ADDRESSES. Remarkably handsome Solit, Walnut Bedroom Suite consisting of full 6ft. wardrobe with two robing bevelled mirrors reaching from plynth to cornice, fitted with drawers, cupboards, and hanging compartments; magnificent pedes- tal dressing table, fitted with eight drawers in the pedestals and large bevelled glass attached supported by carved brac- kets; large size pedestal washstand, fitted with cupboards in the peel. stale; bedside pedestal with napkin drawer, tqwel rail, and three charming upholstered chairs. The suite is guaranteed solid throughout. Well worth £5O; packed, war- ranted, and delivered for 24 guineas. No extra charge for credit, five per cent, allowed for prompt cash. Gershon, Universal Furnishing Contractor, 44, Oldham-street, next to Adelphi Bank, Manchester. GERSHON ALLOWS FIVE PER CENT DISCOUNT FOR PROMPE CASH. ANUMBER of Bedroom Suites, just like new, from a hotel, in solid American Walnut, Bur Walnut, Satin Walnut, Olive Wood, Bird's Eye Maple, English Ash, Mahogany. Cyprus, and other woods. Each suite includes a superior wardrobe, well-fitted and plate-glass door, bevelled ; dressing table with bevelled glass attached, some enclosed, some open, and some with side reflectors ; double washstand with marble slab, tile back, and bevelled shaving mirror ; bedside cupboard, chairs, and towel airer ; the prices are 18, 16, 14. 12,10 and 8 guinets the suite, packed and delivered. Each suite is worth double. Five percent, for prompt cash. No extra for credit. Call and inspect them. GERSHON. Universal Furnishing Contractor, 44, Oldham-street, next to the Adelphi Bank, Manch.st2r. GRAND BARGAIN IN DINING-ROOM SUITE. —All the wood work is guaranteed solid, sprin stuffed, covered in dark grain leather, all in perfect order; the covering is new; price,-packed and delivered, £4 18s 6d. Charming Suite, in saddle bags, all new cover- ing, extra strong solid frames ; grand btrgain for 5 guineas. Several Sideboards, in various woods, at marvellously low prices, with bevelled glass backs: from £4 10s to £6O. Dining Tables, all sizes and all woods; from 245. Second-hand Carpets, Rugs, Fenders, and every requisite for complete furnishing, at pERSHON'S, the UNIVERSAL FURNISH- ING CONTRACTOR. 44. OLDHAM-STREET, next to the Adelphi Bank, MANCHESTER. ALL ARE INVITED TO WALK THROUGH.

lIESULT OF UNHAPPY MARRIAGE, DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS, &C.. perhaps the most favourable opportunity ever offered to those about furnishing In good style is the present. The furnishing in question has been removed from a very large house in the vicinity of Ply- mouth Grove, and everything was made to order only 14 months ago by one of the best houses in the city. The prices quoted are exactly one-half the cost. Nothing like a full des- cription can be given. Inspection is invited. Firstly the hall is furnished with a grand dark mahogany Louis Stand end pair chairs to match; price 9 guineas. The dining-room is in solid black walnut of magnificent ant uncommon design. To attempt anything like a desci.ption would be a waste of time - to say the least, it is the most charming and unique, the dining-table extending with extra leaves, sup- ported by square legs, which are beautifully carved; the over- mantel is such that can only be made by workmen of the highest standard ;it is a work of art. Next comes the truly magnificent Suite, which, of course, are also in solid black walnut, and consists of 12 standard Chairs (the price quoted is for six chairs, more can be had if required), with double- padded backs, two extra large lounge chairs, and a grand couch, of large size, sideboard alone is worth £5O Os sa. the whol- forming a noble lot tor high-class dining-room. Price 68_griineas.

- have also the carpets, paintings, and engravings from the same room. The drawing room is furnished in the latest style, and surpasses everything for elegance I hay( ever Been. Firstly, the Curio display cabinet at once strikes you as being a marvel of beauty and workmanship It possesses all the requirements ot such an artistic articlb Next comes the handsome music cabinet with face fron and various divisions, lined with plush; two curious shape tables. with fancy cut and carved legs; the overmanted with diamond-shaped glasses, and recesses for the display of nick-nicks; lastly, but by no means the least, the truly magnificent suite of double gondola settee, for any part o. the room ; two charming easy chairs, four occasional chairs, and two gossipy chairs. All are upholster-d in a rich silk tapestry, with raised flowers and sprays, and finished with silk cord and gimp. It may be remarked that th-se fittings are suitable for only a high-class drawing-room. There are in all nine bedrooms, space prevents all being described. Th.. best room of all, I may here state, is suitable for a lady of title or a lord, it cost kl2O, and is offered for 60gs. The suits is simply magnificent, the wood is perfectty solid bright- polished walnut of the choicest quality, the wardrobe is '(ft wide, fitted at either and with hanging ccmpartments which are enclosed with brilliant bevellsd Vaxhan plate glass of shield shape, between the doors are drawers, and aboVe ere bay-shaped cupboards, with massive carved panel , which et onste displays great dexterity with tha chisel. the whole i crowned with s cornice of tower like shape,the dressing tab' is 4ft 61n. wide, pedestal design, and Lay-shaped between the pedestals, which are ilaed with Orawers, the glass, which supported by carved brackets, is shield shape and extra large. Next comes the 4ft 6in bay-shaped wachftand, with marble slab, tile, and glees back, about 4ft high, the pede tat towel rail, and upholstered chairs forms one of the finest suites money can buy. There are eight other bedrooms which contain suites at all prim, some as low as 4 guineas and some at 14, 18, and 25 guineas. _

The suite from the breakiiist room is in saddle bags. price 8 guineas ; dining table, 355; sideboard. £7 15s; two recesses bookcases, 75s each. Another carved oak bookcase and a host. of other articles are on view. Carpets, rugs, fenders, orna- ments, paintings, china, and glass, all removed to 44, Old- ham-street, Manchester, DON'T FORGET. ir DON'T MAKE ANY EXTRA CHARGE FOR a_ CREDIT, AND ALLOW FIVE PERaCENT I, OR ROMPT CASH.

GERSHON," UNIVERSAL FURNISHING CONTRACTOR, 44, OLDHAM-STREET, MANCHESTER. NEXT TO THE ADELPHI BANK, and 17, 19, and 21. HILTON-STREET. all adjoining and eozn municating with 44, Oldham-street, Manchester.

BY posT i 7id per Quarter, 6s.e.d.per Annum 16.9 d per Quarter eredlt

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY.

TEETH. Appolatments unanrreoessamry, but may be TEETH All eonsultatioes free. -FEETH. Raab patient for wforz.:rdelbeuforehand the TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. 'rEETN. Aa M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless lixtractiijoin as ihiclixhie hitherto th to by e a TEETH. &taker to Dentists of WOW gallons weekly.

Exert', of th IFit,e

J. H. P ARHINSON

(DENTIST ET EXAM.)

MANCHESTER, 46, 340SLEY-STREET

(RAT. Ti. No. 1660),

LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET. ST. HELENS, ;ORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, en TUESDA I'S, at Mrs. MEM WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKR7-ST RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIEGR-ST. NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLIMARTERT-Vr

FOR

_ LADIES' REAL TAILOR-3T ADE GARMENTS GO TO C. JACKSON HOLMES, MERCHANT TAILOR, MARKET a-ATE, WARRINGTON. Agent for the Castle Rubber Co., Ltd. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY-MADE OR MADE TO ORDER, IN THE LATEST STYLE, ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS TO SELECT PROM, WATERPROOF GOODS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. _ _

L• ----------_-- ADIES, BEST FRIEND LADIES .ATADAME I,IIDLIICLILNIS FEMALE 481;06ctie . LADIES LADIES - Free. LADIES " ORIJSOSO," 45. 6J. • Post Free 4/6 LADIES RAPIDLY REMOVES 'OBSTRUC- LADIES TIDES, HOWEVER Post LADIES OBSTINATE. Free. LAD i Es LADIES THE ONLY POSITIVE REMEDY. 4/6 LADS ES T° my BOX who require a positive Post LADIES and never-failing remedy for Free. LADIES all ladies' requirements, speedily 4/6 LADIES removes all obstructions and irreg- LADIES ularities, especially in difficult and Post LADIES long-standing ott.es ; never fails to Free. LAD I ItS have the oesired effeqt. A few doses 4/6 LADIES generally sufficient. No case con- LADIES sidered hopeless when you have this Post LADIES remedy. Free. LADI6S " 0111.7E10SO." LA I.IES Regt. Trade Mark. 4/6 LADIES " Orusoso" is pleasant to take Post LADIES and will not injure the most deli- Free. LADIES cate. 4s. 6d. (post.) sealed. 4/6 LADIES It has proved the "Ladles' Best LAD iES Friend" in thousands of cases. Post LADIES Delay not, but send at once. Free LADIES Address fa confidence. LADIES A. G. LILLY, 35. COLSTON- 4/6 LADIES STREET, BRISTOL. Post LADIES Illustrated Special Guide, Free 2d. Free ------

GOOD NEWS FOR Litignt ALADY. the (laugh 91- of a /ate eminent physician, will be pleased to forward full particulars (on receipt of a stamped directed envelope) of a Certain Cure for all forms cf Irregularities, no matter how caused or how long standing The Remedy causes no Pain, Nausea, or Prostration what ever. MADAME DOUGLAS, 127, Gaisford-street, London, N.W A Positive Cure Guaranteed. Hours sto 9 p.m.. on TUESDAYS, THURSDAYS, or by appointment. Name this paper

DRINK CARBONARIS.

THE rußEsr OF WATERS.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
INVALUABLE TO INVALIDS.

It greatly improves the favour of •Winea, Spirits etc.

Ask for it at your :Chemists or Hotel.

Wholesale only from

S. GROUNDS,

WES TON POI NT, RUNCORN.

SPECIAL OFFER FOR A Sflo TIME. A VERY LARGE AND CHOICE SELECTION 07 BOORS is now being offered `ur T. CLARKE, " EXAMINER" OFFICE. EARLESTOWN. PUBLISHED BY WARD LOCK AND BOWDON LONDON. At a Discount of 2% per cent. or 4s. in the Pound.

EADB'S PILLS. EADE'S puzs. • All who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism s'iould immediately EADE'S pus. have reaourse to BADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have uADws pus. been received from all sorts and _ L:4 conditions of men testifying to EADE'S pus. the wmiderfel power these Pills have in giving relief in the very EADE'S pus. worstcases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe in

their action.

INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURB THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, ItrIEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, PACE, AND LIMES, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its olus. GOUT " 16,Burton-cresoent Dewsbury. road. Leeds May 2nd. 1894. "Dear S r, —lt is with unbounded Pleasure I send you a few lines In GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had RHEUMATISM Rheumatio Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course GOUT I had the dootor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. I HEUMATIEN The next spring I had another a, attack. and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so. when laid up and am quite sure they prevented had the gain, Ever since, be GOUT least pain I have taken 2 or 3 Pilla and I have been Eli right again RHEUMATISM directly. I WOULD NOT PR WITHOUT GrOUT THEM IF TB 'CY COST ONIII POUND .t BOTTLE. RHEUMATISM wYrat use youaruequite Itith:3-itomis d toamnakil GOUT shall be pleased to answer any poor sufferer who cares to write 14 HEILIMATISM me (enclosing stamped address). Wishing you every suceess, -1-‘) Yours truly, ALBERT MOUNTA IN." gADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, Is. I4d. and 21. 94, or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor. GEORGE BADE, 72, GORWELL-Resu. R.C. Ask for and be sure you obtain BADE'S CIOUR AND }Luau MATIO PILLS.

HBUMATISM

EADE'S PILLS.

BECAUSB OF You. Nev)vF.pAow Sung by Mr. ICENNEIILEY RI)I4IFORD. and all the leading vocalists.

BECAUSB OF YOU. By P. PAOLO FOnTL. May be had of all Music Sellers and G. RICORDI AND Co., 265,glegerst-street, W.

t .3; ,4 11!.. 11 f

1:

===== 0002601_18960926_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
MCDOUGALLS PATENT SELF-RAISING FLOUR PREVENTS INDIGESTION.

7; PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

BACHELOR : "I am told that a married man can Sive on half the income that a single man requires." aingle Man: "Yes, he has to." Sirs: "I have heard that you said I was fond of the sound of my own voice. He: "Well, you thaw yourself admitted that you like music." DANGERS AvOlDED.—Ragged Bill: "Physicians 'say that it is dangerous to go into the water after *hearty meal." Footsore Pete: "Just as bad pefore a feed, pardner." I TEACHER: "Bobby, can you tell me what the ;word respect means?" Bobby: "Yes, ma'am; it's /the feeling a fellow only eight years old has for one ivho is eleven." STILL TlME.—Bobby: "I had three fights to- *lay , and I didn't get licked once." Bingo (reach- dug for a strap) : Well, my son, the day is not yet pver." San KNEW.—He "Just think; even three *weeks ago I didn't dream that she and I would be ;engaged." She: "I did; but at that time I was Lher only confidante." SIISPICIOVS.—Brown (of the firm of Brown and Jones) : "Why did you countermand your order for those fountain pens?" Jones: "The agent look down my order with a lead pencil." NOT A NOVELTY.—She: "Did you go to see the pantomime by that French company ?" He: "Well, every play I ever saw by a French company Was a pantomime to me." Scunterrr : "Doctor, this bill of yours is pre- posterous—ridierlous !" Dr. Chargetn (blandly) : '"Well, I don't mind saying that it's absurdly low myself!" CAWKER : "The goat is an impressive-looking Cumso : "I don't think so." Cawker : "Have you ever reflected what a striking torehead the has ? . . .

To put your trust in princes is Unwise in many cases; But it is worse to trust in kings ' When t'other man has aces. HARRY: "What girl was that you had in tow 'last evening?" Willy (indignantly) : "What you ,are pleased to call 'tow' is usually spoken of by ,people of culture as blonde tresses.'" "How are you getting en with your music?" '" Well, of course, it wouldn't be proper for me to eompliinent myself, but some of the neighbours have .told me that they have stayed awake at night for .thours listening to my playing." LEAP YEAR.—" Laura," said the fond mother, "what are the intentions of that young man you are permitting to call on you so often?" "Never mind that, mother," answered the maiden. "I Lknow what my intentions are." AT LONELYWOOD. —MTS. Commuter: "I don't think much of those new neighbours of ours, Fer- tdinand." Mr. Commuter: "Well, my dear, it tisn't necessary for you to be on more than borrow- ring terms with them unless you care to."

OUT OF IT. .Alas! fio more for me the flowers bloom! No more for me the lark fills air with sons; ahe sweetest chimes strike through me like the doom Of angry fate. I'm not for this earth long. rNo more the rising, nor the setting sun— Ply girl has bought a bike and I have none. NOT ACCURATE.—" So the detectives can't make anything out of that case?" "Oh, yes; they're imaking good money out of it, but they can't find I:out anything about it." His WAY.—Mrs. Bingo: "I wish you would ttell that servant girl that we don't require her any more." Bingo: "Certainly, my dear." iaaater to servant). "Bridget, Mrs. Bingo want; to see you." His REASON.—Freddy: "Won't you buy me some cough lozenges, auntie ; " Auntie: "Why, have you got a cough, my dear?" Freddy: "No, ma'am; but I'm going to school, and that's the only kind of lozenges you can eat there." "Or course the materials in the prescription are , not worth near the price, but we charge for know- ing how." "Oh ! Well, there is no doubt that you know how—to charge." A CRUEL JEST.—At the theatre. Youngster: "What beautiful heads of hair these ladies in front have ! " Oldster: "If the lady whose .switch has dropped off"— All six of the ladies bring their hands to the back of their heads spas- modically, and Oldster grins and chuckles, as though he had done a bright, thing. LOOKED THAT WAY. Wandering Willie: " Dere's dat ole Kentucky kernel on his way home. Let's hold him up; he's sure to carry a flask." 7Steel Rydes : " Wot's de use? It's empty,, or he w'udn't be goin' home." PROOF POSITIVE.—GIadys: "What are you .going to do when you leave college?" Tom: l" Oh, I shall live on my income, I guess." Gladys: "A man as clever as you might do something to trove his cleverness. Tom: "Living on my ;income would prove me one of the cleverest .fmanciers of the age." A HINT TO THE SLUGGARDS.—" I Can't get up early," said a poor victim to his doctor. Oh, yes, you can," was the reply, "if you will follow my advice. What is your hour of rising ?" " Nine o'- clock." "Well, get up half an hour later every day, and in the course of a month you will find .yourself up at foul- in the morning." BOTH BOTHERED..—The neighbour leaned upon !ter garden-rake and called over the fence: !noticed a light in your house last night, Mr. ,Bimley," she said. "Are your baby's teeth !bothering him again?" "Don't know how much Fthey're bothering him," he answered, shortly; taf but they're bothering the life out of me.". UNLUCKY.—" And the presents?" He waited ifor the reply with bated breath. "Harold," she replied, placing a tiny hand on each shoulder and ,gazing soulfully into his eyes, "there are only time duplicates." "Great Scott !" he gasped. !VI was figuring on twenty at least to sell. How. ohall we get through the year?" Then they both realised, as never before, that marriage is a lottery. THE Aucric EXCURSIONIST.—Far from the frigid North he had returned defeated, dismayed, dis- couraged. "And so," his interviewer asked, "'you were again baffled in your quest for the Pole?" The explorer sighed sadly. "Yes," he said; "the expedition was a frost, and our pro- visions gave out. But even then"— His tones were as sad as ever. "We lived upon the fat of the land." And at the recollection he broke down and blubbered again. UNNECESSARY.—It was at a dinner given in honour of his inauguration by the provost of a northern burgh, and all the town councillors had turned out to do justice to the occasion. During the repast a waiter, who was serving the wine, approached. one of the • last acquisitions to the council board, and inquired, `‘Sauterne, sir?" " Saut herrin' did ye say?" returned the new. fledged councillor. "Na, na ! 'lane o' yer sant herrin' for me. Heaven be thankit ! rye got a guid natural ilrouth o' my am." BErrmt THAN A SOFT ANSWER.—The hotel clerk can always be depended upon to retain his self- possession under the most trying circumstances. It is related that a certain lady in the dramatic profession, who is always trying to appear young, albeit she is "mote than seven, and looks it, was on the road last year with a travelling comedy company. The troupe got into town late one Sun- day evening and on reaching a hotel she was shown up five flight of stairs to an apartment numbered 20, almost under the tiles. Enraged, she flew down and shrieked at the young man behind the counter: "I am placed in No. 20 ! " "Yes," was the answer; "we give every lady an apartment, if possible, corresponding with her age. Mrs. —, the old woman of your company, is in 62, and Miss --, the juvenile actress is in 44, and that is why I put you in 20." The lady smiled serenely-, thanked the attendant most sweetly, and, without a murmur, returned to the garret. COUNTING THE COST.—Dennis Spencer, a legal luminary, was called upon by a Chinaman one evening, when the following dialogue ensued: "One Chinaman kill another Chinaman with a hatchet. How much ,you charge make him clear?" "PH take the case,' said Mr. Spencer, "for one thousand dollars." " Allee right," said the China- man; "I be back after while." In about a week he returned to Mr. Spencer's office and laid down one thousand dollars in gold on his table. Mr. Spencer swept the money into the drawer. "Well, the Chinaman he dead." "Who killed tim?" "l did." "When did you kill him ? " "Last night." TRIED AND PROVED!

Sufferers irom G vet. Lumbsg,, Piles, Pains in the Back Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaint. Diseas,s of Kidneys Bladder Stone, Sciatica. Rheumatism and Gout will find a positive Cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Prices is. 41., Of all Chemists. Or pet free for 12 stamps. from OLDROYD.B Medical Clit.ckileaten, Yorks. Sold at L's, Bridge-st., Warringtca. Don't be put off, if you cannot get them write to,the Ploprietorand a box *ill be seat next nost— ddvt

===== 0002601_18960926_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
"CAPITAL" CHAT.

A report reaches me that President Kruger will shortly tender his resignation. He has taken the Transvaal through a great crisis, and he feels that he may now rest from his labours, leaving the immediate future in the hands of younger men,who can depart from his policy if they please. Some- thing of the kind is coming, but it will not come until events in Rhodesia are quieter.

An important statement on the Eastern crisis was made on Monday night by Mr. Lowles, M.P. Addressing a meeting in t;horeditch 'town Hall on Armenian affairs, he said that as a humble member of Parliament be had felt it his duty to call at the Foreign Office and ascertain what steps were being taken to put a atop to the massacres. He was authorised to say that we were confronted with the agreement of three Great Powers that if England single-handed attacked Turkey, on what- ever excuse or pretext, she should be face to face with that combination. If England flied a single shot or took action alone, it would mean at this moment European war. He simply stated that solid fact, and they would guess from what he had said before, the source from:which his intormation came. The statement was received by the meet- ing with some commotion.

The London Conservative members have still to face their constituents on the Rating Bill. Mr. Massey-Mainwaring, tackled by some members of the Clerkenwell Vestry, says he will enter into ex- planations at a public meeting. This is precisely what is wanted. Lively times are in prospect for skirmishers and chuckers-out. Some of the con- stituencies are altogether dissatisfied with the votes of their members on other matters, notably on the Education Bill and the water question. Some M.P.'s feel considerably uneasy in consequence, and public meetings are just the danger they intend to avoid as long as possible. But their wisdom will hardly be justified by events, and they had better get a disagreeable business over before it gets worse. _ .

The Irish Nationalists repudiate with some warmth the statement that a new dynamite-using association has been formed in London, affiliated to some league of the kind in New York. There are some curious samples of human beings in London, but the mad Nationalist is not one of them, so far as the use of explosives is concerned. The notion of respectable professional men count4naucing attacks of this kind is preposterous. They are interested in the political movement more closely than many persons believe, but they are simply politicians, and they bave no desire to be anything more. The police may be misled by reports in the matter, as they were in May last about a big dinner of desperadoes, including some M.P.'s. Bit it is just as likely that some foolish scribe has been mis- let by a waggish detective.

If a by-election were to take place just now it is doubtful whether the Irish Unionist Alliance would send a single worker into the constituency. It is not that funds are lacking, for the money colected or guaranteed prior to the general election is not, yet exhausted, and, in addition to this, substantial contributions have since been received. But the Irish landlords, who are the backbone of the or- ganisation, are incensed at the manner in which they were "betrayed" last session, and they would not be sorry to have an opportunity of displaying their resentment. Some of them, indeed, go so far as to advocate the entire closing of the London office, which during the last few year has been in constant touch with the Tory headquarters for electioneering purposes. The Tory wirmpullers are perfectly cognisant of the turn affairs have taken, but their equanimity is in no way disturbed. As a matter of fact, the methods of the Irish clntingent were never to their taste, for where the volunteers waxed energetic and enthusiastic the regulars could not for very shame remain idle.

Names for streets in London are chosen some- what erratically, more very often with the object of immortalising a jerry builder than of perpetuating historic associations. At Tuesday's meeting of the Chelsea Vestry, the chairman made a protest against this system, and suggested a list. of notable Chelsea people from which street names may be selected. Why, he asks, adopt sueh abominable names as Raasay, Bifron, Meek, and Vicat,when Sir Thomas Moore, a resident of Chelsea, has been passed over? He instances the present bad policy by the removal of an appropriate name for that of Fernshaw-road, although there has not been ferns or shaws in Chelsea for ages.

The meaning of Mr. Joseph Arch's announcement that he does not intend to resign his seat in Parlia- ment because an annuity is being got up for him is somewhat obscure at first. Fortunately I can throw light upon it. The local Conservatives in Norfolk would like to get him out of the way, and as soon as they heard that the annuity proposal was being made they laid stress on some of his votes on the flating Bill, upon his advancing years, and began a clamour for his resignation. Mr. Arch has given his answer to this foolish move. He intends to re- main what he is—a steady-going, careful voting,and very useful member of Parliament. He speaks less than formerly, but his views have undergone no change, and his supporters in Norfolk are just as proud of him as ever.

A writer in the "Woman at Home" nens the praises of Lady Harcourt. Sir William Harcourt, she Rays, is happy in the collaboration of a wife ideal in the circumstances. She hints that Sir William is the kind of man peculiarly in need of the gentle influence of a graceful wife. There is in his ordinary manner and address no medium, be- tween extreme urbanity and—something diametri- cally opposite to urbanity. But since he married, en secondes noces, Mrs. Ives, she has rained sweet influences over the household, and Sir William has become quite urbane as a host. Lady Harcourt is seen at her best as hostess at her country home in the New Forest. She does not set uu as a brilliant talker, nor lay herself out to be a leader of fashion in dress or other social matters. She is just a woman, but one of innate goad nature, kindly feel- ing.high intelligencemd perfect breeding. Though, as far as her friends know, she never meddles in literature, she inherits from her father—the histor- ion of the Netherlands—a keen literary taste. She has read most books worth reading, end is at home with those who write hooks, even if some of the products are not of the best.

The police authorities here are not now Vito so sure as they were that they will obtain from France the extradition of Tynan. In fact there are reasons for thinking that the French Government will not grant it, and his appeal to the United States Am- bassador goes far to confirm the belief. Whether ultimately he is extradited or riot, that appeal will delay the proceedings. His assertion that he is a naturalised citizen of the United States will compel the!intervention of the elovernment of the American Republic on his behalf. The police, in their appli- cation for his extradition, have taken their stand upon the wrong foot, for if they had demanded his extradition on the izrotincl of his implication in a dynamite conspiracy they would assuredly have secured their man without any difficulty. But as regards Tynan they may not have been armed with the necassary proof of such implication, whereas they reckoned on having a strong case against him on the count of the Pho3nix Park murders. It is fortunate that Tynan has raised the question of his nationality before being handed over to this coun- try, for be is not worth another quarrel or misun- derstanding with the United States.

It is notorious that the official Turk is not very particular about the means he adopt for raising revenue, and the following story, which T have from a person who was cognisant of all the circum- stances, serves to illustrate the methods whereby the exchequer is replenished. In a certain Syrian town A owned a house with a fine" view." B bcught a piece of ground just in view of A's property, with the object of building a house for himself thereon. But the erection of B's house would have obstructed A's view, so A promptly laid the matter before sympathetic "authorities "at Constantinople. The latter informed A that although B had purchased the plot of ground he had not bought the air above it, and that A could even yet preserve bin" view" by purchasing this air him- self. Of course this suggestion was acted on, with the result that B was forbidden to erect his con- templated house because the building would en- croach on " air " that was the property of A. So the ground which had been purchased es a desir- able building site was rendered useless for building purposes, and B could only turn it to account as a garden. I need hardly add that A paid a substan- tial consideration for the " air" on B's land. And this was in Syria, where the administration is understood to be more of the Turkish Empire.just than in most other parts

===== 0002601_18960926_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

MY DEAR NELLIE,

In the way of new millinery there is nothing very startling to record. One pretty hat I have seen was a "Duchess of Marlborough' hat, with a high-peaked crown, trimmed with twists and rosettes of three different colours. The shape is of black fancy straw, and a handsome tuft of black and white ostrich feathers appears at the left side. The top twist of ribbon is of rose-pink moire, the middle of cream moire, and the bottom one of black moire. On the right, coming from under the brim, is a twisted black moire ribbon, which fastens up on the left shoulder with a bunch of pink roses and buds.

A smart cycling hat is of coarse wheat-coloured natural straw, trimmed with line grass lawn ribbons, hieli look like transparent gauze, with a border of blue satin at either edge. There are quills at the Ift side, and under the brim at Ole back are blue fl9ivers to match the satin border of the ribbon. This charming hat can be made in any colour. as these pretty ribbons, which go perfectly with grass lawn costumes, can be had with pink, gteen and other cokured borders, and the Howe, s at the back in each ease match the :atin border.

Already the first touch of autumn is upon us, and it is quite time to be thinking of warmer wraps, and substantial garments al,-,ogether. Cipes will again be in evidence, the smarter ones of velvet, satin, or tine cloth, sumptuously trimmed, and those of the tailor-made type fashioned with severe simplicity from thick cuvei t coating, Harris's tweed, or all-wool frieze.

A becoming cape may be made of dark green satin, with fronts and side panels of cream velvet, closely, but lightly, embroidered with gold, while coiled ostrich tips from the neck ruche and adorn the front.

A very smart and serviceable wrap is made of thick fawn beaver cloth, strapped right round and down each seam, and having a straight, double- breasted front with big horn button, and a cosy cod ir may be made of skunk fur. Nice girls always avoid undue elaboration and all eccentricity of style or material in their garments, and for ordinary wear a good calico, such as the "Niblick" make, not too tine and trimmed with Swiss embroidery and beautiful fancy stitching, is all that can be desired. Garments made in this fashion, plain, but good, wear splendidly, resisting even the wicked wiles of the laundress. Then, for evening and very best wear, there should be dainty garments and fine lmrcloth, trimmed with Valen- ciennes, torchon, or Bedford lace and insertion.

An elaborate costume can be made of fine green canvas, the skirt quite plain, and lined with bright rose sik. which inip,rtA a taint shot effect that is very fascinating. The bodice may have a full vest of white chiffon over white .satin ; while the sleeves, sash, and collar are of shot green and pink merv, with tiny spots of pink. The novel fan drapery at the shoulder is of green satin. Although the tea-gown is a garment that some women wear all the year round, autumn and winter are the scasons in which its comfort and elegance are best appreciated; and now that the country- house time has come round once More, maids and matrons alike are turning their thoughts towards graceful gowns, to be donned when they come in from a long day with the guns or rods. Some new gowns are very beautiful and artistic, and exhibit novel features, while retaining the characteristics of these delightfully comfortable and becoming robes. A most al tractive 'crown is made of velve- teen in a rich, dark shade of green, the back cut ea prineesse; with demi-train, and the front having jaunty bolero bodice pieces, supplemented ,by a s full vest and revers of primrose ondine, edged with oftly-falling frills of fine cream Mauresque lace. The sleeves are remarkably pretty, with just a small shoulder-puff, and close-fitting thence to the elbow, where they terminate with a fanciful cuff of primrose silk and lace. Girls' hats should be very simple in style, like everything else appertaining_ to their toilette. For winter, a velvet Tam o' Shanter, with a velvet bow, or a couple of good quills at the side, is as pretty as anything, and suits most young faces delightfully. The quills, by the way, should be of the best quality procurable; they are cheapest in the end, for common quills look ragged and shabby and in an incredibly short time. Felt hats with low crowns and rather broad brims are also becoming, trimmed with a folded band and nice bow of silk velvet.

1(711' 4 ' ,r, - ...ro. ,Ak,....„.: _ ~,,,., 11.1‘ e.:-.." • , ~,, •.......4..,r9v: - - ~.- 3 '43* .z....• ;7-, \f,r• -.4‘ cs-;:ig,2 -(-1-' ....-e--" ‘:. Nk, •:'''..%•;''Y ,t, /1,6' ,:,1 , q

, \\'\'.,---pt (.....-4),,A-.7.?...;,:z.... • . yr- ~,,dr ~ 4, • ~,,A,..),..,/ / / 0 9 , 1 7 ..... _ , . . d. q „:..., , , , i

„:-....4.-At•-= -. ,•.,..T.,,, 2 -4' 7 ~.. 1 ..,:..., ,” ~,,,,„•_ ~,,,:„. ~ . (ii,..,,-,,;--,•%..\\,_,..„„ -----_,.,(,.,,,,,,t, gi.,-.... t, •,-.-„, , li 'r-cie• • •11 . ~,d4.,,, \i i• 1 ' ,t7i. . ;,s—?-,IV / ~ 1c,,, 1 ii fi , el, _. 1:1 ;1/ / 14 Ipilifki: re, \ fr-k - _ ) /..401,.* 4 T r"A , 1 WOO, ,r -. .. 7 1 , . „, 4,, f."•,;e„ft .., I

===== 0002601_18960926_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
Your loving JuNNIN

A CARD

rrNOWN as ev. Joseph Holmes' :Mexican Prescription I/' is the only original guaranteed Remedy for all those who suffer from nervous weakness, exhausted vitality. kidney or bladder diseases, gravel. prostate, spinal weak• nese, brain fag and kindred complaints. It has stood the test for twenty years. Send a self-addressed stamped nvelope to Jos. ROLhlEff Remedy Co. Bloomsbury Man eions, Bloomsbury tilguare„London, and get full particulars of this great speciliCfree of charge. Mention „whether for male or female, Beware of fraudlient imitators.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY SEPTEMBER 20, 196 TEE SUNDERED HEARTS;

" WOMEN'S CHAT."

The Duke of York is to be invested with the Order of St. Andrew, which is the first decoration in Russia, rank- ing with the Garter, and the other three great Orders of Europe. The Duchess is to receive the Ordeit of the St. Catherine. This is the second great Order in Russia and is for women only of the very highest rank and distinc- tion. It was founded by Peter the Great, as a memorial of the services rendered to him by his wife during his war with the Turks. The Empress is the Grand Mistress, and the members wear a broad pink ribbon with silver border, to which is suspended an image of St. Catherine, and on the left breast is worn a silver star with a white cross on a red ground. The Queen, the Princess of Wales, the Duchess of Coburg, and the Duchess of Con- naught all have the Order of St. Catherine, which was given to Her Majesty by the Emperor Nicholas I. when he visited England in 1844. Many of my readers may not be aware that our Queen was baptised Alexandrina Victoria, the former name being given to her by her father, the Duke of Kent, in compliment to the Emperor of Russia. The Prince Regent, her uncle, subsequently George IV., desired that Georgiana should be the first name of the infant,but the Duke of Kent insisted that it should be Alexandrina. The Prince Regent thereupon declared that the name Georgians could not stand second to any other name whatever, and that therefore the infant must not bear it at all.

In her anxiety to avoid e'ice. Miss Marie Corelli unhappily does not always acleeve that end, and even the pains she takes not to be written about only affords another opportunity of talking about her. The very latest rumoer concerning the gifted novelist is, that she shoots, and rides a bicycle in masculine attire ! As a matter of fact Miss Corelli is even womanly enough to be afraid of guns, and her description of our sex on wheels, would decidedly lead us to suppose that she far from approves of the pastime. " I think." she says, " even men look hideous and undignified on the bike, but women look worse than hideous, they look immodest. The poet's ideal of exquisite womanhood is utterly des- troyed, by the sight ot these perspiring, red faced, lank- haired objects, working their legs treadmill fashion and tearing along every road in the country." We all know, for we have all seen, how much games have influenced girls. The figure of the British girl has almost completely changed in the last decade or so; lawn lennis and cricket seem to have lengthened her arms,and gymnastics her body. She is taller, slighter, more muscular and agile. Constant bicvling, however, will pall her together instead of pulling her out, so say authorities on the subject, and the mus,•les which this exercise calls into play, develops, and promotes, will make for strength rather than beauty. Several of the London streets are just now undergoing repair, and I witnessed an amusing incident the other day, when walking dowr Piccadilly. A gentleman, evi- dently a geologist, was busily engaged in examining and tapping pieces of stone, unearthed by the repairers, and so engrossed was he, in his fascinating pursuit, that he appeared perfectly oblivious of the tact that a large crowd of spectators had gathered round him eagerly watching his every movement. The enthusiast and his audience, had eventually to be" moved on" by the police. Nowadays, the hand-rnade laces our ancestors wore, are so beautifully copied by the machine, that their de- generate descendants accept them gladly, whether it be Italian,or Spanish point, or some of the best handi- work of Ireland. There is however, in the new laces, a disposition to return to Yak or Maltese patterns, especi- ally in piece laces which will be the most used for bodices, and panels. The most delightful light designs ' have been adapted to Chantilly, and Brussels point has been cooled in black and white.

The continued cold and damp has led to a much earlier display of furs than we usually have, and fur waistcoats are the very latest item that has claimed my attention. Built of sealskin they look very smart and comfortable, and allow us to wear a coat and skirt costume much longer than we could hope to do so, without a covering of some description. Seal plush waistcoats are easily made at home, and I would advise those of my readers who are not possessed of sealskin, to indulge in a vest of this particular material, taking care to line the back with a double thickness of flannel. .

It is difficult to assign a cause, but certain it is that muffs are falling into disuse. For one that is carried now there used to be fifty. Is it, I wonder, that women are harder now than they used to be, or is it that warmer gloves are worn. Perhaps though, the cape has assisted in banishing them, and it seems rather prob- able that this is the true solution, as capes are so often furnished with warm pockets in which the fingers may nestle on a cold day. Collectors of Coins, stamps, walking sticks, shoes,fans, Sze.. are by no means rare, but collectors of buttons are distinctly so. The weAlthy eccentric Englishman, who died at Vienna a short time back, left no fewer than 20,000, representing all the uniforms of the different armies in the world. Apropos, the gem of the collec- tion of coins at the British Museum, London, from the point of view of rarity, is a five shilling piece of the Old Pretender, issued under the style of James 111., being the only rine known. There is a curious history attach- ing to it. It belonged to a certain General Yorke-Moore, who took it to the Museum, when Mr. Hawkins was keeper of antiquities, and said he was going to take it out to the Crimea. Mr. Hawkins was so enraged to think that such a risk should be run with so rare a loin, that he threw it back to the General, and it fell upon the floor. General Moore picked it up, and took it with him'as a kind of talisman, to the Crimea. After the General's death it was purchased for the Museum for £250, which is about the largest sum the Bloomsbury authorities have ever given for a single coin. It appears the dairy-farmer is threatened with a novel form of competition, for in Denmark milk can now be bought by the brick! A company has been formed for the regular supply of milk ice, and according to the latest intelligence, contracts have already been made for a weekly delivery f 110,0001bs. of the frozen blocks, in different parts of the world. Those of us who indulge in camphor bags to place among our linen,furs,and gowns will regret to hear that there is a chance of a dearth, as has been the case with whalebone. Scientists and experts are recommending restrictions on the wanton destruction of the trees, and the formation cf plantations. The tree that produces most eamphor is a species of laurel,a relation of the cin- namnn tree, and it attains a vast age. The bulk of the camphor used in Europe comes from Japan and For- mosa.

An excellent method whereby to keep meat and fish fresh is to rub it with powdered hon./. This is an espe- cially good plan when we desire to hang poultry for a few -days. Before cooking them the provisions thus treated should be washed in lukewarm water,when they will be found as sweet and fresh as possible. Borax (it should be Californian) will also preserve milk and cream quite sweetif some powder is sprinkled on the top. The The milk should then be lightly stirred. The quantity to use is a small teaspoonful to each piot. 'CORNFLOUR CAKES.—Take three Ounces of sugar, three ounces of butter or good beef dripping, and beat them lightly together till they resemble cream. Add a lightly beaten egg to the mixture and sufficient vanilla essence to flAvour. Mix and pass through a sieve three ounces of fine flour, threw ounces of cornflour and a tea spooonful of baking powder. Then add to the egg,butter, and sugar. Beat the mixture well together, half fill greased patty pans with the mixture, and bake in a moderate oven for about half an hour.

" MADGE."

Hoovs piuz curA conBtipation lind liver Ills, ls. ljt

OR, A WAR OF THE HOUSEHOLD.

By the Author of "The Double Life," "The I.lo.iliff's Scheme," &c., &e.

CHAPTER XI. THE SERPENT AMONG THE FLOWERS.

The private a.partments of the Lady Barbara comprised a suite r.,E three rooms on the eastern front of the mansion, and overiooixing the sea. They were on the second floor, directly over the drawing-room, and opened oil a wide corridor which ran parallel to the main hall, and which was connected with the latter by a narrow passage. Lord Champney hurried along this passage, and made his way to the front room of the suite ; the room which he well remembered as having been in former years the sitting-room or boudoir of his wife.

_ The door was closed. He knocked loudly. No one answered his summons. Then he turned the knob impatiently, pushed open the door, and strode into the room. It was a wide, high chamber, with a great bay- window to the north—a continuation of the draw- ing-room bay—with four long windows, one of them a quaint oriel, looking to the sea. The room was known in the house as the "oriel parlour," but it being the private room of the baroness, no one, not even her niece, dared to visit it without an express invitation from its mistress. At the moment of Lord Chatnpney's unceremoni- ous entrance the room was unoccupied. His lord- ship, therefore, halted near the threshold and looked around him with singular curiosity. The furniture had all been changed, and the very character of the room altered, since he had last visited it.

The floor was covered with a velvet carpet, which resembled a bed of cool, thick, green mosses, upon whose surface had been carelessly flung great white pond-lilies. The walls were hung with pictures. An open piano stood in a farther corner; portfolios of engravings abounded; a carved book- case was filled with choice volumes, and soft lounges and tempting easy-chairs filled the various nooks and niches.

Sliding doors connected this apartment with the dressing-room adjoining. These doors were at this moment slightly ajar, and Lord Champney's wandering glances beheld through the aperture the Lady Barbara, seated by a window, the blinds of which were drawn, and apparently absorbed in the contemplation of some small object which she held in her hand. _ _

Involuntarily he moved toward the connecting doors, but as abruptly halted, almost at its thres- hold. •

For the Lady Barbara's tears were falling on the object now, which Lord Champney recognised as a small, incased photograph. Unconscious of the fiercely blazing eyes fixed upon her, the lady pressed the picture to her lips with a passionate tenderness that went to her hus- band's heart, and then thrust it in her bosom, as if that were its habitual resting-place. Lord Champney gave utterance to a sharp, quick hiss, that rustled through the room like the warn- ing of a startled and infuriated serpent. The Lady Barbara sprang up in affright. At the same moment her eyes met the burning gaze of her husband.

In an instant she had grown deadly pale. " You here? "she cried, in a haughty amazement, putting her hand to her Ifeart. "It seems so," sneered her husband. - The Lady Barbara drew herself up proudly. "By what right do you intrude into my private rooms, Lord Champney ? " she demanded. "By the right of a husband, of course," returned the baron, with a sardonic smile more terrible than louder expressions of anger. "I believe lam your husband still, madam, in the eyes of the law, even if you have lost sight of the fact." The Lady Barbara made no answer. Lord Champney pushed open wide one of the sliding doors, excatiining : • "Come out here. I have something to say to you." The Lady Barbara obeyed, coming out into the oriel parlour. "Now let us understand each other, madam," said her husband, waving the bouquet he held after an imperious fashion. "1 have not come here to see you out of any impulse of affection. That, thank the fates, is all dead between us." "Dead !

"Yes. Did you think my love had survived all these years ?" mied Lord Champney, with a sneer. "it is true I did romance a little the day I came here, but you interpreted my words at the time at their true value. So far from loving you, Lady Champney—so far from being the inconsolable victim of your cruelty-1 should reject any over- tures from you, should you choose to humble yourself to me. Ido not desire even a friendship with you. I care nothirg whatever for you. But, undeistand me, 1 do care for my honour, and I will defend it against all the world.' "A very laudable resolve," said the Lady Bar- bara, coldly. "Did you intrude here merely to say that?" The baron's cheeks flushed with a sullen red. "That and more," he said, darkly._

"Au," said the baroness, coolly. Your manner grows theatrical. Its a pity you were born rich, my lord. The stage would have had a bright orna- ment if you had gone upon it! But, if I may be allowed to ask, why waste this scene upon me? What have I to do with your resolves ?" " Your affectation of ignorance is hardly natural 1" ejaculated Lord Champoey. "I am your guaraian, madam, and I intend to see that you do not dis- grace me." "Disgrace you ?" cried the Lady Barbara, with the air of an insulted queen. "Those were the words I used, madam. I came in here to see you concerning another matter, and arrived just in time to witness the highly edifying spectacle you presented while weeping over and kissing the likeness of some villain—the very like- ness that lies next your heart at this moment, madam. As your husband and guardian, I demand to see that picture." The bright scarlet rushed in quick waves into the Lady Barbara's cheeks, like waves of blood upon snow. she put her hands against her breast, as if to defend herself against assault. "You demand an impossibility," she said, huskily. "you refuse to show me that picture, then? You defy me?' " Yes, ' said the Lady Barbara, in a low, broken voice. "Do you know what this refusal proclaims you? Do you understand what it makes you hencefor- ward in my•sight ?" The wife was silent. "I can forgive you for hating me," continued his lordship, his eyes glowing like beacon fires, "but I cannot forgive this falseness, this treachery. Show me that picture, or from this moment I shall regard you, in my own mind, as a lost and aban- doned woman 1" _ _

The Lady Barbara had seemed to hesitate, as if she were tempted to yield to his demand. But now her outraged pride rose like a bulwark between her and her husband, and she rejoined, coldly: "You have no right to insist upon the surren- der to you of a secret upon whose existence you stumbled in so treacherous a manner! Cease your insults, Lord Champney. lam unfortunate in be- ing bound to you in marriage, but I assure you I am no happier than yourself, and that I would give all I have to be free ! "

The baron's face suddenly whitened. "You'll have to wait for freedom till I am dead !" he sneered. "Then you can marry whom you will. But while I live, you shall not disgrace outwardly either yourself or me I" The Lady Barbara sat down by a window, and drew up the lower blind as if for air. "You utterly decline to show me the picture ? '' demanded Champney, resting one arm and the bouquet upon the end of the piano. " Utterly !" .. ______ _

"This secret, then, is another gulf between us ! " be said, sternly. "1 have nothing more to say on the subject. But a reconciliation between us is impossible until you come to me in a wifely humility and place that picture in my hands I " The Lady Barbara laughed scornfully. "Then we shall never be reconciled " she said. "So be it. And now to come to the object of my visit. lam the bearer of a bouquet—" His wife turned her head slowly. "You meant it for me 1" she asked

In spite of her anger and pride, a sudden light and warmth glowed in her rare violet eyes. She fancied that her husband had intended the flowers for a peace-offering. "They were for you," replied the baron. "Then give them to me Sidney," said the Lady Barbara, more kindly. "How lovely they are ! You remembered how fond I am of flowers ?"

Without a word, Lord Champney, crossed the floor and laid the bouquet in her lap. Then he stood near her, leaning against the mantel-piece,

and watching her with a curl us smile. The lady toyed with the lovely blossoms, which had begun already to droop under the rough treat- ment they had received at the hands of the baron. And, after a little, she perceived, as her husband had done, the tiny note hidden, like a serpent, among the flowers. She started, and looked up in wonder and a sud- den apprehension. "Take it out !" said Champney, sternly She obeyed. "Read it I" commanded his lordship. _

The Lady Barbara turned the little note over, a shy smile gathering about her mouth. She thought in her heart that the baron had written her this note in a remorseful tenderness.

"How differently the interview might have ended if I had not been looking at that picture," she thought, sorrowfully. "He meant, perhaps, to be reconciled. Well, that is all past now. He no longer loves me." She sighed, and the faint smile faded from her face. There was no address on the note. It was sealed with white wax, and was, in its outward looks, as dainty as the receptacle in which her ladyship had found it.

With trembling fingers, the Lady Barbara tore open the missive. It contained a closely written page. The lady started back, recoiling as if the letter contained a serpent. "Well ?" said his lordship, coolly. " I—l recognise the handwriting," murmured the wife, faintly. "Of course you do," sneered the baron. "I supposed you would. But go on. Read the letter."

"I cannot I I will not !" cried the Lady Barbara, crumpling the missive between her fingers. "I insist upon it. If you refuse, you will only more fully confirm my convictions. You know the handwriting, and it would appear that you know the contents of the letter before having read it. That argues a state of rapport between you and the writer. Are you afraid that I shall want to read the letter? If you do not read it, I will."

Terrified by this threat, the Lady Barbara un- folded the letter and read it, the words dancing strangely on the tinted page, as if they had been so many mocking, live things. When she had finished its perusal, her cheeks whitening strangely, Lord Champney said: "You have read it, then? Shall I read it also ?" The wife shcok her head.

" Barbara," said his lordship, bending nearer to her, in a sorrowful sternness, " if you are innocent of downright falsity and wrong-doing, you will place that letter in my hands. If any one has in- sulted you in that letter, I will avenge your wrongs. If any one has written to you in pursu- ance of what is called a 'flirtation,' having pre- sumed upon your recent unprotected condition, I shall pardon you and punish 'dm. Barbara," and his voice rose passionately, "if you are innocent, show me that letter." "I cannot." A groan burst from the baron's lips. His wife could have echoed it with a greater despair. She had been forced by her enemies into a cruel situation—the most cruel conceivable.

The !atter was from the Colonel Effingham to whom she had alluded in her conversation with Wil:ard Ames.

The dastardly writer—as if with a view, one might imagine, to this very scene--had begun by addressing her in the loudest words of love, and had thankel her for the encouragement she had given him ; expressed his gratitude at having learaed that she returned his ardent affection, t-nd had begged her to meet him at a certain spot near the sea, on her own grounds, " where we met the last time ;" and concluded by assuring her that he had heard of her husband's return, but that the writer wouki continue to elude or quiet any sus- picions the baron might entertain of the actual state of affars. To this precious document was appended the name of Albert Effingharri

A more diabolical lei-ter had never been con- ceived, nor one more likely to utterly madden Lord Champney. The Lady Barbara, familiar as she had been with many of the dissolute colonel's proceedings, was utterly amazed at the unparalloled audacity and falsity of this missive. But all her anger, annoyance and righteous in- dignation were swallowed up in her great fear lest, after all, it should fall into her husband's hands.

This Colonel Effingham was an egregious cox- comb, vain, heartless and unprincipled. He had been formerly a devoted admirer of the Lady Barbara, but her marriage, and his own, had come between them for many years. His wife's death, and the Lady Barbara's loneliness and un- protected condition, had at last turned his thoughts back to her, and, as she had said, he had annoyed her greatly by sending her flowers and letters, and in haunting at times her grounds, so that she could not go out for a stroll without meet- ing him. And fin.lly he had added to his persecutions this crowning infamy.

To exhibit the letter to the baron would be but to pre, ipitate some terrible calamity, to arouse a scandal, and to nause all England to ling with her husband's name and her own. For the Lady Bar- bara knew that these false words would be to her husband's fiery spirit like a fining brand thrown into the midst of gunpowder. In the face of that letter, she knew that any pro- testations of her innocence would be laughed to scorn.

To refuse to show the lying document would be scarcely better. What should she do?

A tumult raged in her soul. Her brain seemed on fire. Her heart beat thickly, with muffled pul- sations.

"Well ?" said Lord Champney, grimly. "Will you give me the letter ?" " 6idney," his wife whispered, clutching the let- ter closely, a strange dizziness seizing her, "sup- pose it was a love-letter. Suppose it alluded to former letters, and to—to meetings. Suppose it made me seem false to you, aid yet I should declare the letter a base lie, would you believe me V'

" No !" thundered the husband, beside himself with passion. "No man would wtite such a letter to a pure and modest woman. No man would make such assertions in a letter to a woman unless they were true. Are there auch statements in that letter r

The Lady Barbara forced a quivering smile. " That question to me ?" she asked, trying to speak haughtily. "I was puttiog F 1 Case to you. Have I fallen so low in your estimation that you could suspect me of receiving such letters as the one I described ?"

"No; you have not yet." "Then I Dever shall !" cried the bAroness, arous- ing herself, and looking up at him strangely. Before he could speak or hinder her, she delib- erately tore the letter into a hundred fragments and tossed them out of the Window.

The vagrant breeze caught them up, whirled them into an outgoing current of air, and they m ere carried out seaward.

The Lady Barbara tossed the bouquet after them, and then sank back into her seat. " What am I to understand from that strange movement ?" demanded Lord Clp,mpney. "Simply that I decline to make a cui.tidaut of you, my lord !" "I am to think the worst, then ?" " You may think what you please !" "At least, tell me who wrote that letter ?" " it Never. The secret is mine, and shall keep ."

The baron smothered an imprecation. His eyes blazed luridly. "It is all over between us!" he exclaimed. "I dislike you as much as I once loved you. Love and contempt cannot dwell together. I shall never make any further advan..:es to you, madam. I regret that you are my wife, but I have no intention of committing suicide that you may be free. Neither will I sue for a divorce, or go back to Germany. In short, Barbara, I shall stay at Salton-, as your guardian and protector, and make it my care to preserve in honour your good name, since you have proved yourself incompetent to the task. Thele- fore be cautious. My eye will beewr on you. I intend, first of all, to discover the identity of this secret lover of yours. If it's Ellhounn," and his lordship's face grew yet darker, •• he shall p..y for his insolence in blood ! And now, madam," he concluded, hiding his awful grief under a cover of mockery, " permit me to wish you good-niornitig He bowed deeply, and went out. The Lady Pmrbro.ra tuttFu•ed to the doer, lucked it, and fell fainting on the floor.

(To Lc contiwicd.)

CADBURYS COCOA is both a stimulating and refresh- ing drink. and a nutritious food, probably more nourishing than any other beverage. It is absolutely pure, containing an foreign admixture.—Advt

===== 0002601_18960926_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW LIFE FOR A LADY.

HOW A MANCHESTER LADY LIVES.

A pair of pleasant brown eye,, loo,king out of an ex- pressive face, writes a Stockport Advertiser reporter, were the most prominent feature-. of the lady with whore- I chatted the other day at No. 51, Rusholme-road, Ardwick, Manchester. Mrs. Woodruff—such was her name—l found had recently come out of a long stretch of ill-health and misery into a new life, bright with promise, and already full of renewed strength. As her two bonny fair•haired children played about her knee, she told me the story of her fifteen years' sickness. "I am told that you are suffering from a wasting die' ease, Mrs. Woodruff."

"Yes, I have. I got so low that it was too much trouble to do anything. The weakness became so great that I was unable to look after my family or myself, and the house was full of misery." "How long did you suffer ?" " About fiftcen years. I tried private doctors, hospitals, and patent medicines, one after another, but neither seemed to do me any real good. I attended St. Mary's Hospital, Manchester, as an out-patient and was an in-patient in the Clifford-street Hospital here. But the wasting continued to undermine my strength, and I was at a loss what to do. I kept on' getting worse, until, about three months age, I was prs. vailed upon to try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale' People. Before I had finished the first box, I felt a great improvement, and now I am quite well again, my strength has come back, and I feel ready to go any' where and do anything. Dr. Williams' Pills, and they alone, cured me."

"And after three -months you still feel well P" "Yes, quite well and strong. Before I took the rills. everything I had to do seemed a trouble: I was very languid, and life was a burden. Often I could not go • out because of my extreme weakness."

Mrs. Woodruff is now in splendid health, thanks to the tonic virtue of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, which cure not only cases like the above, but those of low vitality, consumption, locomotor ataxy, sciatica, palpitations, and the disorders which arise from impoverished bloodr such as anemia, pale and sallow complexion, weakness,- Jowl of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, early decay, all forms of female weakness, and wasting strength from any cause. These Pills are sold by chemists, and by Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 46, Holborn-viaduct, London, E.C., at 23. 9d. a box, or six for 13s. 93. Genuine only with tbe• full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People: pink pills sold out of glass jars are not Dr. Williams'.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
STUFFY CHURCHES.

Most persons who attend church with some regular. ity, especially crowded ones, have often experienced a feeling of drowsiness during the service, which coeld not have been caused by the dulness of the sermon. Experi- ence has says 'Science Siftings," shown that it is soon dissipated on going into the fresh air. The cause of this drowsiness has generally been attributed to a lack of oratory on the part of the minister, or to his dulness,hr prosy ways of thinking. A hygienist will, in most eases, track its causP to the impurity of the air of the church. In too many cases those who build sacred edifices have no conception of the amount of fresh air required to keep the atmosphere of a room sweet and clean. It cap, however. be easily calculated. There should be not lag than 3,000 cubic tePt of outside air provided hourly for each person while in the church. If much less is sup plied the cartoonic acid and other toxic matters given oft by respiration increase so fast that in a crowded roora the air becomes too foul for suppoiting life healtlafullV in a very few minutes. We cannot expect to keep the air in our rooms as pure as out-door air, but there is a standard of purity which we should try to maintain. Out-door air contains frohl three to four parts of carbonic acid in every 10,000 parta of air. This we may breathe with iniipunity. hut in- door air contains more, and much more, even 10 parts, and in a crowded placP.as in some school-rooms,theatree, arid churches, 15 or 20 parts. If, however, there are more than 6 parts in 10,000 of air it has a deptessin.g effect on the neryious system and produces drowsi- ness.

Such an air, if heated, as in cold weather, affects akin the preacher. Clergyman's sore throat and hearsenesi are induced by the constant effort to speak well in a heated and relaxing atmosphere. Church windows, eV cent in rural districts, are not made to open ; and, ever if they were, unless the entering air is directed upWnrug to a considerable height, it falls upon the heads of the congregation, and complaints of draughts are made, which promptly sezure their closing. Most churches art: heated by hot air furnaces, and this brings in much fres air if property arranged, but never enough. Exhaust ventilators in the rocf are PractinilY unknown in churches; conEequently the foul and heated air never escapes, and alter service, as the heated air cools,it. descends,and a fresh congregation rebreathes the used air of its predecessors. Our churches are intended i as places n which to keep alive the moral sentiments and to increase our knowledge as to how our conduct should be regulated by principles of r;ght and duty, and we are beginning to find out that morals may be related tc our physical conduct, and that it is a sin against thS laws of our being to live and breathe a polluted atmoS• phere even in a house of worship. The clergy, who are' as deeply interested as any in this subject may most properly act as leaders in reforming our church air to a standard which hygiene demands.

THE PLAGUE LIFO

A " LittA3 Cough," THE RUIN ON HRALIH :

A "Little Cough." THE FORBRUNNE,I OF DEATH:

_ A "Little Cough." ~.. Which may be CU ME U 1 RED now by the IMEDIAT SH " HALL' -; LUNG RESTORER FOR INFLUENZA , Ile ALL CHEST ,-;istere.l AND Aii LUNG AND THEO' RESTORER COMPLAINTS. 0 Never Fails. It POSSESSES THE P0W...i."4 LUNG IO SOOTHE, RELIEVE. RESTORER HELL, which exists ill' other preparation. LUNG- FOR COUGHS lIN s. It NEVER FA. LS TO Gl' ESTeoveßrEF,Rill, OR COL/3

_ LUNG INSTANT RELIEF. RESTORER. THE FIRST DOSE IS A SOOTHING P 13354

L"G LIME TO THE CUR]; , RESTORER. INDUCES SLEEP LUNG Calm and refreshing. ki RESTORER DOES NOT CONTO Never Fails. - LAU UM DANUM, OPI. nt LUNG moRpHIA. RESTORER. FOR WHOOPING coveg 0 LUNG IT ACTS LIKE A clOa RESTORER Children like it. Never Fails. HALL'S ONE 132 D. 1 BOTOS. I uNG ui RESTORER pnov ITS VALIIO'IIS Registered ESTABLISHED ao VO GIVES INSTANT NEVER NEVEg RELIEF. FAILS. FAILS. Os' EXTRACT FROM LETTER 01" WITNESS BEAR- Mt s. M. A. Smith, Orphan Home for Girls, Croydon' ei 0 To Mr. Timmy; HALL.—" DEAR SIR,—I am testify to the great benefit derive.ifrom the useof your L 0 RESTORER, which I have given to seyei al childrefitoo Home—in two eases particularly its effects were maxvered f.P having cured most obstin.ite Coughs. I shall be Pins recommend it to all my friends. Di 4 CAMION.—When you ask, ask for a Bottle of 1144.00,,,Y LUNG RESTORER, doet be pursu (tied to accept 4%0tt..."' else. Upon the outside wrapper of every genuine fiatAy appears my Trade Mark (the figure of HoPol and Zig .f Beware of fraudulent imitations and innovation". oot, mtle" Sold by Chemists and Stores everywhere. in otAbh-; ls. led. and 2s. 9d. Should there be any difficulty ja „rtgelt. ng it will be sent. carriage paid, on receipt of P.o.uvc. amount, from THOMAS HALL, 24. Queen Vici° London.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
........_ 1-, u ]

Woi limited 0 to Clear the busir ROMs in ltaek has sharp, l Really in

The fi eatplete %hued ar Drice £2O Lot 2. PURNIS t 43 ; wri

Lot 3. hall, stair room orip first servt 05 per c

Danjs LNut 53. Obroidei half. 4 'l9 priel 0t t 7. elete con UPholetert 11,41que de srk4 People, uoe furai kirrors Otice. big Lot 62. £6O. for A Lot 65. £4 10s.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
L LADY.

LADY LIVES. ()Xing out of an ex- ldvertiser rep.)rtert the lady with whom 51, R ushohne-road off—such was her ut of a long stretch life, bright with I strength. As her ed about her knee, 'ears' sickness.

from a wasling dii•

t it wag too much kegs became so great y family or myself,

1 private doctors, one after another, any real good. Vianchester, as an a the Clifford-street tinued to undermine lat to do. I kept on. )nths agc, I was pre - Pink Pills for Pale' .st box, I felt a great :e well again, nil" ready to go any - Ins' Pills, and they.

feel well ? "

fore I took the Pills •ouble : I was very ten I could not go ,se."

d health, thanks to 1 Pills, which cure iose of low vitality. :iatica, palpitations, impoverished blood, [nplexion. weakness, , pains in the back, 11 forms of female m any cause. Tbeso r. Williams' Medicine London, E.C., at muine only with the. for Pale People: pink r. Williams'.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
CHES.

with some regular. pften experienced 3 vice, which coeld not the sermon. Experi- hown that it is 8003 r. The cause of thiS ributed to a lack of , or to his dulness,or it will, in most easeg• he air of the church. 1 sacrt d edifices have •esh air required to t and clean. It cagy re should be not less provided hourly for If much less is sup xic matters given Oft t in a crowded room sting life healthfull'r

in our rooms as pure lard of purity which Dr air contains froni in every 10,000 parte impunity. But in - more. even 10 partS, .;hool-rooms,theatreer however, there are it has a depiessin.g id produces drown-

weather, affects aloe roat and hoarsenesS to speak well in S Thurch windows, NC' )to open ; and, eve° r is directed upwa,rds pon the heads of the draughts are made, r. Most churches are brings in much fro° enough. )cf are practically y thp foul and heated as the heated air gation rebreathes the hurches are intended he moral sentiment,/ to how our conduct [right and duty. and 'orals may be related is a sin against 010 :he a polluted atrnoS• rhe clergy, who are I subject may molt our church air to a

for Illustrated Gdfcle CONISTS' OUTFITTINO iger, HENRY MyRRS.

ITIES, REMOVZ ALL rasing symptoms so 19 (the latter contains nista, or will be cent nps, by the Maker—

and worthless.

[EN. Iseous and mysterioul o you nogood. but onli me and I will send 1'1; AND CERTAIN ets"; s, to., from whatef,Z OINE, NO ELECTiIiv:, two stamps for post reet. London. W.O

;U LIFS

"Little Cough."

" Little Cough." USS INFLUENZA ,ND ALL CHEST AND TURN' COMPLAINTS. Vs% sSESSHS THE P 01,4 SOOTHE, RELIEVE. AL, which exists ja er preparation.

COUGHS OR COLA VER FA.LS TO alir' iSTA.NT RELIEF. FIRST DOSE A SOOTHING 131/15‘

)B TO THE Cura. CES SLEEP

Lm and refreshing. ; NOT CONTAI' DANUM, OPIUM. Of .PHIA.

VHOOPING COVO! ITS LIKR A CHAU"' Dhildren like it. 131 BOTTLS. D. ITS VALLYS. A.BLISHLID 40 YOAv -t NVE3 PAILS VITNESS BtALU n. Girls, Croydon. ea to SIR,—I am Plelo ty n the useof your 0 to seve:al 010.110 e effects were marveled . I shall be piesB 34,0,V! 3r a Bottle a - z ied to accept 40,2,0 t every genuine f:t00.0 ot Hopi) and TiguP innovation' everywhere, in n,t,so3: any difficulty in 4'o O. r receipt of P. 0.0. otret. • Queen Vidknol-

FURNISH AT WORSLEY'S THE GREAT HOUSE FURNISHER,

"THE PANTHEON," GAYTHORN. MANCiiESTER.

WORSLEY'S BIG SA lil+/-11, EKLY CHAT: It Worsley's, prior to the formation of NVorsley's into a I ,rn.fedcompany, are still carrying on the Big Sale, in order Clear out as much of the stock as passible before handing he business over to the company. They have marked all the Roods in plain figures, and will accept no abatement. All the *tack has b-en reduced tel the lowest prices, and they will do a sharp, keen, cutting trade that will make competition prac- impossible. TERRIFIC ASSAULT ON HIGH PRICES. Worsley's are being pushed out of the premises by the treat demand for their woederful bargains. Their conditions ...af business are an absolute guarantee with every article, and Ws guarantee means that they wll take the artice back if Itot ovine, satisfaction ; if there is the slightest fault to !ki found with anythin sold. they will exchange it and will drittlY replace it with one that w.ll give satisfaction, without i :Ulther ctrarge. Worslev's Speciality is Second-hand Furni- Lam ; they are the largest buyers of Second-hand Furniture in e United K ngdom. It is unnecessary here to dilate upon L'ullt nsa y excellences of Second-14and Furniture; it is a well &flown fact that Second-hand Furniture as made by the good- makers has one overwhelming merit, that of stability; Is also a well-known fact that good Second-hand Furniture 'I far better than the new furniture of to-day. Worsley's ..°Derations in purchasing are givautic, and entirely for casts 'lown on the nail All the advantages of an immense capital are at their disposal, and the bargains they secure are in- klrnerable Worsley's invite i speetion, and court criticism, 21 Order that the assertions that they make can be verified. 2"heir conditions of business are cash, but they will have no INection to allow part of the purchase-money to remain over ,ft to t e paid in instalments,subject to a charge of 10 per cent 'cr the conver ience. This will sweep away the unequal and Dern, icious effects of the Hire System alsystem which is, per- • S, responsible for more misery to young people than any aistern that was ever invented. The Rire System has been tuenounced over and over again by County-court judges elroughout the land, as being little better than the money- Lending system. Pui chasers -have to pay through the eyes %Id nose for everything they get under this system, andthen t2acY are liable to lose every peony they have paid, and their Ilirniture, if they miss one of their monthly or weekly instal- Outs. Worsley's will try to help the pubic in this matter !!/si, instead of paying the high prices, they will sell them ▪ goods at the plainly marked cash prices, and charge them uraightforwardly a percentage upon the money unpaid.

LIST of Complete 11013SEi ot FURNITURE ALL WONDERFUL BARGAINS. The first Lot is an exeellent HOUSE of FURNITURE. %replete for Four Rooms, Hall, Stairs, Landing, &c.. pur- 'aimed and removed from Chorlton ;honestly worth £4O, our lice £2O. Lot 2. A COTTAGE HOUSE. completely and beautifully •FIIRNISNED for £l5, containing every requisite, worth write for ptrticula-s. Lot 3. A must, us- ful substantlal House of Furniture for dinhig-room. kitchen. two bedrooms, eundri es for scullery, hall, stairs, landing,&c..for £6; the sideboard in the dinieg room originally cost £33. This is a rare bargain ; first come first served, will be stored free until required upon payment Kb per cent deposit. Lot 4. A downright good HOUSE of FURNITURE for a Lanceshire lad who is house proud and admires a comfortable kome. In the first place there is one of the handsomest SPenish Mahogany Sideboa.d Dresser.with carded back fitted With mirrors, the prettiest ever made ; the Sofa. Chairs, and Atrtn. Chairs are all hair. The Bebroom contains a proper 'Lem. cashire Bedroom Suite, strong, well made, all solid ekrnerican walnut. A massive brass-mounted Bedstead with Ming mattress, h ir mattress, &c. There is everything re- tered besides, such as carpets, o 'cloths, fenders, fireirons, *a, mber service, rugs ; but space prevents us giving full rticulars ; we will send full particulars if you will write for r em. Price for the lot complete. £39 9s. 6d. Guaranteed 'or 10 years.—WOKSLEY'S. A lot 5. The best House of Furniture in England for £6O netiveted. Write tor particulars. A Lot 6. Excellent oppcetunity for matrimonial candidates. very pretty HOUSE of FUeNITURIe, only recently fur- mashed to order by a good provincial house. Worsley's can rer an exceptional bargain. The lot complete cost £2so.and )!Jurnished in exquisite style, and is now no worse than new zuri: Ig perfectly clean and fresh. Price for the lot £B5 15s he we say it contains solid Furniture for Drawing,Dining, 'lt Id two Bed Rooms, besides all the sundries for Kitchen, t eevane's Bedroom, Hall Furniture, Carpets and Linoleum f.?! all rooms, there is no further need to say it is a bargain. sluftle and see for yourself. A complete list forwarded to any- " 4.," taking the trouble to write for it. Mt 7. A HOUSE of FURNITURE, plain, but strong and L'orel, suitable for shooting box, seaside dwelling, or small ntry house ; price, £lB 10s. Lots, A semi-detached HOUSE of FURNITURE (rent of linse was £,5 The whole of this furniture, including a Neumeyer pianoforte, is in splendid condition, contains iLlovring-rnorn, dining-room, sitting-room, four bedrooms, 11ante' room. hall, kitct,eu, and cellars. No carpets or oil- -7 rof 'he. simply all the heavy furniture will be offered by okettertey's, in one lot or separate. In one let for £155. cost £430. Particulars supplied post free.

bINING-ROOM FURNITURE. „ Lot 50. A Massive Secmd-hand Dining-room Suite, 'vothinish Mahogany,covered in Morocco ; cost £45, for logs. L'eot 53. Very Handsome Solid Walnut Dining-room Suite, o,74tifully carved in bas relief ; a very substantial couch, Zqbroidered in rich upholstery ; two lukerious Easy Chairs, iLd half-dozen Standard Padded-back single Chairs, worth -"u ' price 15gs. 7. Splendid Second-hand Dining-room Suite corn- h."te, consisting of a mazniticent Suite of nine pieces, with .IqlPaBive heavy framwork, richly and profusively carved, milkiehtered in Morocco; a grand palatial Sideboard of Zalque design, by Todd, together with Dining Table to seat , People, and the Overmantel, which matches the rest of wae furniture, and is fitted with enormous bevel crystal ,41-Irrort. The who'e lot complete is well Worth £150; our Once. Ekgs. Lot 62. Am agnin £6O, for 2,8 °ant Spanish Mahogany Sideboard ; cost Lot 65. A Splendid Di £4 108. n-lag-room Suite, Second-hand for

)RAWING 11/41 -ROO FURNITuttu. ,T) In this department we have, perhaps, the finest selec- i I'M of Furniture to be seen in any house n the country. It Lrery difficult to select out of the bargains on view in this :la a few that will convey a fair idea of their magnificence quantity in this short paragraph, there are such a isitity of them. We have over 200 Drawing-room Suites It'how, in every variety of colour and shade of upholstery. ;give one or two examples. bp.`4t 215, Very exquisitely pretty and unique Chippendale Ing-room Suite. for £l2. perhs...s the greatest marvel of fkrgain which has been off-red. It is quite sufficient to 4:that this Suite is beautifully inlaid, and covered in the tZ't silk tapestry. It is a second-hand suite, which has re-covered and re-polished and entirely renovated, and fitli,l°,, quite equal to new. It would undoubtedly compare .s,.'Orably with anything that is being offered for £3O else- -4,175. We have the cabinet to match, at the same price. bpilf• this is just as beautifully made, contains shelves for IC:La-brae, and is splendidly fitted with bevel plates. There an Overmantel, which matches, for 3gs ; two Occa- -144'41 Tables at 18s each ; a Music Cabinet for £2 15a; and ~.., Writing Table for £3 10s. altogether forming the pret- -14.'4 collection of Chippendale Furniture which has ever been rt.how at the price. 11,,,7, 251. We have Pere a very Fine Collection of Second- tr,;*l4 Drawing-room Suites in Walnut and Rosewood. There lm„l,tltes many of which have been taken in exchange. The 2e of them are in strong condition, but of the old-fashioned %Cc There are suites which have cast from £3O to £6O and we are offering them from £5 to £5O, and Cabinets Cheffoniers, fro £2 10s up to £lO. These work, would no difficulty in finding a bargain among this lot. 310 to 330. A fine collection of 20 Second-hand ''lets and ti Cheffonier. from £2 10s. up to £lO. These ; been marked exceedingly low to clear, and are of the old-fashioned make. Every one of these are second- , 351 to 365. Fourteen wonderfully chean Overmantels send-hand, Some of these cost as much as £2O. We shal I.Z. these from 30s. to £5. 15-EDitooM FURNITURE. WORSLEYS have the Biggest Show of Bedroom viZslkiture of anyone in the United Kingdom. We are quite liq're that most houses lay claim to having the biggest stock, 14,...!re challenge any intending purchaser to compare by lthretien the enoi moos stock of bedroom furniture at 10SLEY'S with that of any other house in the kingdom. ss,,,usve over 300 bedroom suites on show. We have just stZDleted another contract for 300 bedroom suites for our and we have in process of manufacture orders with l.g„cofracturers whieh will bring our stock to little short of fis;;‘, bedsteads. Out of this varied collection, we select a ihts_rnple bargains only. St:PICIAL NOTICE.—You might here remark that it is 'ttijs seldom you vis t WORSLEY'S but that you can pick 4 bargain that more than repays the trouble of your t_ Lot / ,- .89. A magnificent Po!lord Oak Bedroom Suite, will it t 114,1 abarAain for £l2O which originally cost £560. This finest bedroom in Manchester. ~ 18i A Very Handsome Bedroom Suite, smaller in Ot.. suitable for a young lady's bedroom, exquisitely pretty, o,,Zolassleal design, and of the best workmanship through- Price 10 guineas. v„: have a tremendous Stock of odd Wardrobes in all kinds t'sat-,)ds- We have wardrobes 6ft long in enamelled woods, aining numerous drawers, tray shelves, and hanging Nertrnents. These run from £2 up to £6 10s. ,tabi° hive next a big collection of Washstands and Dressing ;ra ek in mahogany' walnut, oak, and enamelled woods. 404:',1d0 a magnificent pair of mahogany stands for £3 1,111:av„..70 have walnut stands the pair complete for £2 15s and tt We have stands from 12s 61. But if you want a tile`",2l. no matter whether you wish to give £5 or £5O, you Veet with what you require at Worsley's. 795- The Finest Spanish Mahogany Wardrobe in Man- -7 feet long, with dome top, worth £6O. Our price `ftle; „we invite special attention to this article. We con- , one or the best items in our sale. • The Dressing Table arid Washstand to match, 5 feet, l'lndsone' massive and richly figured in the wood. a very bold and a very large pair of cheval stands. "'25. It could not be obtained for £5O elsewhere.

DSTEAD PARTMENT ‘4'flis department at Worsley's was graphically described .nWeeks ago as having the appearance of a sea of gold. , 81 o Nor. tO tile eye. We notice that this remark called forth cornment. We confidently assert that the descrip- inkZ` Perfectly fair. Our showroom in the bedstead de- „t:ll,4ltrit does present a most dazzting appearance. We have 101°*r0,28e stock of brass bedstet4s on view, giving the 81,(481e.„-"4 the appearance of a splendid mass of gold. 'llO t/B have 2,090 bedsteads in stock. We can only enu- -8q4,.153? 'very few items. 1.481 f, A" very handsome Second hand Bedstead, almost wish very massive pillars, With heavy and sub- -42154. "rasa, for £3 lOs ; cost 15 guineas. f A very fine Second-hand Enamelled all Brass Bed- li7°l. 453 cost ES. 1,200. 43 Persian Bedsteads, all solid brass, from tiptillilek • This is a job lot, and we are confident that you ulYit rare bargain here. some of them have cost Eli)

w 1.1. W OR SLEY, THI3 PANTHEON. Vj CIAYTHORN, MANCHESTER. cars pass Wcrsley's. Business hours 9to 7.

CARTER'S LITTLE PILLS.

,imall PilL Small Dose. Imall Price 'orty l• vial,

C— ;er, Bile, Sallow Complexion, and Sick Headaches promptly: and cure them so as to stay cured. Chemists. is. Ad.

PILLO

LIVER • 8, ah, , 8' -)*A! Y IVE • F11.....1 Purely tabli 'are Torpid Liv,

===== 0002601_18960926_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BANKRUPTCY OF THE

WARRINGTON SWINDLER.

PRISONER AT WARRINGTON.

At the Bankruptcy Court, Bank-street, Warrington, on Friday John Garlick alias John Grant, was brought up under an order made by his Honour Judge Wynne Ffourees from gaol to undergo his public examination in bankruptcy. He appeared before Mr. Registrar Ridgway, and was questioned by Mr. Potter (resistant official receiver). Creditors of the debtor were repre- sented by Mr. Longland, Mr. Woods, Mr. Browne and Mr. Longton. In answer to questions by the Assistant Official Receiver, witness said the answers he had made to the printed questions were correct to the best of his belief. With regard to the £6O lent by Stockton the prisoner said that Stockton was partly paid, and if he didn't get full value it was his own fault and not the fault of witness. This answer caused some mirth in the court, and the prisoner addressing the Registrar said he was there to answer any fair question but he was not there to be laughed at. Proceeding to answer the questions put to him, he said it was not cor- rect that he drew £1 a week from the business. He did not draw that amount but only £5 or £6 altogether. How did you live P—My wife keret the house on.— What is your full name ? John Garlick.—You have traded in Warington in the name of John Grant. Will you explain how that came about?— Reasons connected with the police.—What reasons ? He did not think he was justified in explaining it pub- licly. He would do so privately.—The Registrar having said that the prisoner must answer the questions put to him, he said he was a ticket-of-leave man in the name of John Garlick and therefore to avoid being known, he changed it to John Grant. That was the reason.—Have you traded in any other name ?—Yes, as John Johnson and John Henry.—When were you known as John Johnson P—About eleven or twelve years ago at Blackburn.—What was your reason for it ?—To pre- vent being known by the nolice.—When were you known as John Henry P—ln 1885.—Where ?—Stoke-on-Trent. —Why ?—For the same reason as the others.—Did you trade in the name of John Johnson at Stoke ?—No, in the name of John Henry.—l understand you are under- going twelve months imprisonment at Walton for obtain- ing money by false pretences from Mrs. Ashmore ?—I was convicted for obtaining money by false pretences from William Stockton. The case brought against me by Mrs. Ashmore was quashed.—You were convicted on July 14th ?—Yes.--Where there any other charges brought against you besides that by Stockton ? —Yes, Mrs. Ashmore brought a charge but the counts of the inducement was not supported by the evidence. Were there any other charges ?—None as I am aware of. —You have been in prison before I think ?—Yes.— Where ?—Prisoner (to the Registrar) : Am Ito answer that question ?—The Registrar : Yes.—Prisoner : Preston, Stafford, Liverpool, and Minehester.—Will you tell me what your business career has been. When did you start P—Twenty years ago.—That would be in 1876? —About that time.—Where did you start ?—At Bolton. —What as P—Timber merchant, joiner, etc.—How long did that last ?—Perhaps twelve months.—Did you pay your creditors in full then ?—No, not quite, but they were pretty nearly all paid. There are perhaps £7O or £BO owing besides a sum of money I have had from my mother.—What was the end of it P—An execution wig served.—W hat became of you ?—I cleared out.—l sup- pose you mean absconded ?—Yes. I suppose se.—Where did you go to P—l went to work as a journeyman for Mesesre. Neill and Son, of Manchester.—That brings usl to 1879. What did you do next P—l went to Blackburn. Did you trade there ?—Yes, as a broker and furniture dealer P—Did you ply your creditors in full ?-leFewith the exception of £7 or £3.—Why didn't you pay P—Be-, cause I hadn't the means.—How did it come to an end ? —lt didn't pay and I was short of capital.—What did you do next ?—I went to Bolton again.—What business did you engage in?—That of a general broker.—Did you trade in your own name ?—Yes.—How long were you a broker there P—About two years.—Did you pay your debts ?—I left owing about £3O or £4O —Why did you leave P—For family reasens.—Where did you go to ? I believe I went to Stoke-on-Trent.--That would be in 1894. Were you not a prisoner in 1892 ?—I served six months in Manchester.—What for P—For obtaining 3s. 71. worth of firewood by false pretences.—Were you convicted in the name of Grant ?—No, Garlick.—When did yob go to Stoke P—ln 1884.—Did you trade under an assumed name there ?—Yes.—Why did you do so ? I can hardly tell you. I think it was because I was afraid of them following me. I had been oonvicted in the name of Garlick and I did not want anyone to know I had been convicted.—What were you engaged in there ? —As metal refiner and artificial stone maker.—How long did you stop?—Three or four months,—Whydid you stop P—l was stopped by the police for obtaining goods by false pretences. Were you convicted ?—Yes.—What was the sentence P—Twenty months hard labour.— Where at P—Stafford Assizes.—ln what name P—John ,IHenry.—Was your true name then disclosed ?—Yes.— When you came out of prison what did you do ?—I was re-arrested.—What for P—Obtaining £3 at Bolton by false pretences.—When did you obtain that amount ? About the year 1883 —Were you convicted ? Yes, and was sentenced to five years penal servitude.— Where ? At Bolton sessions.—When did you come out P—ln 1889. —What did you do then P—l commenced business at Preston in the name of John Garlick.—What was the nature of the business P—Manufacturing shop-keepers goods.—Where at P—Marsh-lane. Preston.—For how long P—About two months.—Why did you stop ?—I was stopped by the police on a charge of obtaining goods by false pretences, and arcpritted.—Where did you go to next ?—Blackburn.—Hew long did you remain there?— About 2-.1- years.—What did you eugage in ?—I com- menced manufacturing furniture.—At what place ? Litherton Alley.—Where all your liabilities at Preston paid ?—I don't know. It was handed over to the credi- tors and they did what they liked.—Well with regard to the furnishing business ?—I had only just commenced it.—What happened ?—I was stopped by the police.— Was a charge preferrede against you ?—Yes, for obtain- ing money by false pretences.—Were you convicted ? Yea, I received a sentence of twelve months imprison- ment.—That brings you down to 1892. What did you do before you entered Wigan in 1895.-4 was re-arrested on finishing the term of imprisonment, and sent back to finish the balance of the five years sentence.—When did you come out P—Ore May 8, 1895.—Y0u then went to Wigan. What did you de there ?—I commenced step- ladder making at Acton's Walk.—How long were you there P—Two or three months.—What was the end ?—I left the town because it was an open secret tbat I was a ticket-of-leave man. I could not for shame to stop.— Did you pay all your debts there ?—No.—Have you scheduled the debts now ?—Yes.—When did you leave Wigan P—July 20, 1895.—What did you do after that ? —I took a contract from the Wigan and Neaten Colliery Company to repair wagons.—Did you eomplete the con- tract P—No sir.—Where did you go to next P—Warring- ton.—No liabilities arose out of the contract P—No.— When did you come te Warrington?—ln November or December of 1895.—Y0u state you commenced business in February, 1898.—That is correct.—What did yen do in the months before that ?—I worked as a journeyman joiner for Mr. Collins and Mr. Williams.—Have you given us a full, true, and complete account of your trading career?— I think so.—Were you never at Leicester ?—Yes, sir.— Were you convicted there ?—Yes.—What for P—For a fraudulent bailee.—When was that P—ln 1886.—What were the circumstances of the • case ?—I hired a market cart and sold it.—You hadn't been trading P—Well I had been hawking.— Did you contract any debts at Leices- ter P—lt was not in Lsicester but in Begworth, a small place in Leicestershire.—Were there any liabilities °wine? —About £8 or £lo.—Were they discharged ?—No, but I left them everything I had ?—What was the sentence there 2—Six months imprisonment.and I was re-arrested at the prison gates.—You have stated that you com- menced business at Warriugton with £7O or £BO. Where did you get it from ?—lt was profits made out of the contract, money saved in Warrington and the rest bor- rowed money.—You commenced as a furniture manufac- ture and a timber merchant. Had you any previous experience as a furniture maker ?—Yes, as a journeymaa.—Had you any previous experience in the timber trade ?—Yes, sir,it was part of my trade. —To whom did you intend to,eiell timber ?—To anyone I could.—Can you produce any evidence to show that this business was a bona-fide business ?--I mild produce evidence to so sr that I could have had more credit if I had needed it.—What part did you take in it P—l first worked as a joiner, and when the business increased I changed my clothes and superintended.—Your liabili- ties are stated at £941 14s. 6d. and the assets estimated to realise £231 135.7 d. Do you think you havescheduled all your liabilities ?—I think so.—l am informed that they are likely to amount to over £l,lOO. Does that sur- prise you ?—Yes, it does rather surprise me.—You have scheduled over 100 creditors ; can you explain how it is that you have such a large number P—Simply because I wanted the goods for the purpose of carrying on the business.—What were the causes of your insol- vency ? In the first instance through the men not getting on 'with their work quick enough, and in the second place because I could not get sufficient men to work the timber up, and also irasuffi !lent capital. —Tbe books don't show the business transactions in the form of a balance sheet. Do you suggest that your books show any statement of assets arid liabilities ? No, sir.—Why didn't you keep your books properly ? Lapse of memory and insufficient time to attend to them.—Did you ever take stock ?—Yes, roughly.— Where are the stock sheets ?--They were in the hands of

===== 0002601_18960926_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
:,..9-4110" Allit4, •

for al' in a

===== 0002601_18960926_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
EAUTIFUL TEETH

;Jeanses the teeth and spaces between them as notning else will. Sound and pearly white teeth, rosy lips, and fracr,tut breath ensured.

Ask for SOZOIIONT. 2s. 6d.

the police last.—Did you measure up the timber ?—No, only roughly.—And do you seriously suggest that any stock-paper is worth the paper it was written on without you having measured up the timber ?—Yes sir, I have a good idea of its value —Stocktaking on that idea is ridiculous.—l don't think so.—None but yourself would attach the slightest importance to such a stocktaking.— It was not intended for anyone else.—l understand you used this statement of assets and liabilities not only for your own satisfaction but for the purpose of trying to arrange for a limited liability company ?--I am not aware that anyone else saw it but my workpeople.—Did you think it was satisfactory to you ?—Yes, it showed a surplus of £2OO as a going concern. Did you send a large quantity of manufactured goods to Mr.Joha Main- waring in August for sale by auction ?—Yes.—What did you do it for ?—I was disappointed in an account and I had no money to pay the wages.—ls it net rather a serious thing to pledge things which are not paid for?— It is hardly a question of pledging, they were sent there to be sold.—ls that ligitimate trading ? I will give you an opportunity of justifying your conduct.—l wanted money for wages, and I had to sell the things or there would have been no wages.—Don't you admit that the timber was not paid for ?—Yes, but some of the labour in connection with articles offered at the auction sale was paid for.—ln answer to further questions by the Assistant Official Re- ceiver, prisoner said most of the goods made at the works were sold to auctioneers in different parts of the country. The prisoner was cross-examined at consider- able length with reference to his absconding from the town. He stated that when he was arrested at Pember- ton he had not made up his mind to abscond. He ad- mitted that he packed up the greater part of his goods and sent them to the station in the name of Seeker and consigned them to Wapping. He admitted that he wrote two letters on May 12th, one to Mr. Roberts, and one to Mrs. Ashmore, whom he called his wife, and enclosing the key of his premises. The prisoner was also subjected to a searching examination by Mr. Longland, Mr. Woods, Mr. Longton and Mr. Browne on behalf of the creditors. At the con- clusion, the Assistant Official Receiver applied for the examination to be adjourned sine die. This was agreed to by the Registrar. The prisoner then said he had an application to make with reference to the goods which were sent away from the house in F lrshaw-st. He understood they had been sold by Mr. Worthington and realised £l4. He applied for that money to be handed over to Mrs. Ashmore.— The Assistant Official Receiver said he thought that claim would be resisted by the trustees.—The proceed- ings then terminated.

,11 who use daily on the tooth lurush a few drops of SOZODONT, the pleasantest dentifrice in the

===== 0002601_18960926_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAAITNER, SATUiDA Y, SEPTEMBER 26 1896.

THIS ANNOUNCEMENT ENTITLES YOU TO A DAINTY SAMPLE TIN OF

===== 0002601_18960926_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TEC lINICA.L INSTITUTE.

THE CONTINUATION SCHOOL-DISTRIBUTION OF

PRIZES.

The prizes and certificates gained in the last session by the students of the Continuation School were distributed by Councillor Henry Roberts, J.P. (deputy-chairman of the Technical Instruction Committee), at the People's College on Monday evening. Amongst tho:e present were Mr. Twiss (headmaster of People's College), Mr. Hall (headmaster of the Continuation School), Major McGarty, Mr. Corradine and Mr. Charles Madeley (secre- tary of the Technical Institute). At the outset the report of the Continuation School ' for the previous session was read by the Secretary. It ran as follows :—" We are pleased to be able to report that during the last session the continuation school I again made an advance upon its position in the previous I year. But the increase this time is only small. The 'number of pupils who entered last autumn was 399, be- ing 31 more than those who joined in 1894. It may be worth while to give the number who joined for each I separate subject :—Arithmetic 359, writing and compo- sition 371, shorthand 152, drawing 229, elements of science 56. History and mensuration were also offered, but the numbers entering them were so:small that the subjects were dropped. These classes were of course open to both sexes. Of the 96 girls who joined,64 took needle work and 45 cookery. The attendance during the session was better on the whole proportionate to the number of entries, and altogether we may say that the pupils as a rule joined earlier in the session, and came to the school oftener than they had done in the year before. This, the committee feels, is an evidence that the value of the school, and the importance of joining it,are begin- ning to be more deeply felt amongst these for whom it is intended. The prizes for attendance, which were of- fered by the committee, were gained by 99 pupils, 89 of whom qualified for the first class prize by making 100 attendances on 50 days. As in previous years, the winner in each case had the privilege of selecting his own prize, and in some cases, took the opportunity of obtain- ing a book or a box of instruments of higher value, by contributing to the increased cost. The number of can- didates who sat at the examinations of the Union of Lancashire and Cheshire Institute in the spring, was practically the same as last year, with a slight increase, correaponding to the increase in the school generally. For the pupils who did best in these examinations the committee has awarded the following scholarships of the value of 10s. each, Mary Ward, David B. Clarke ; seven of the value of 7s. 61. each, J. J. Baskerville, Percy B. Gandy,Ernest Kendrick,Mary A. Lea,George A. Williams Georgina Barlow, Florence McGarty ; eight of the value of Sc. each, John L. Hawthorn, Bertha London, James MeWhirter, John Charles Mason, Edith Turner, Emily Houghton, Basil Baker, Frank IBullen and Esther McGarty. :The holders of these seholarships will be required to take such classes in the continuation school or the higher departments as may be approved and to pay the usual class fees, the amount of the scholarship being paid them on compli- ance with the usual rules as to attendance and examina- tion. The school was examined in drawing by the Science and Art Department, and was awarded the highest grade "Excellent." In addition, 19 scholars ob- tained cards of merit in the drawing examination, and the committee had decided that each of these, under certain conditions, may attend the School of Art fer this session as a free student. Fivelantern lectures were de- livered by Mr. Hall during the session onthe following sub- jects:—"The British Empire." Across the United States," "A peep into nature through the microscope," "Under- ground Life," "Popular Authors." In conclusion, the Committee recognise that for the efficient management of the Continuation School, the excellent instruction given and the good results that generally attend this department of the Technical Institute, it is greatly indebted to the excellent work done by Mr. Hall, and the assistant teachers."

Councillor ROMIRTS, previous to distributing the prizes, delivered a brief address in which he gave some good advice to the students. He said that the duty he had to perform was one that was extremely pleasant to him, and one that would be extremely pleasant to many of these present. Ple.was very glad to see how remark- ably successful—judging from the numbers there that night and the report which had just been read —those education classes had been. He should not be doing his duty as a member of the Techni- cal Instruction Committee if he did not publicly express their warm feeling of admiration for the way Mr. Hall and his staff had conducted those classes during the last two or three sessions. (Applause.) He would have been glad if more of the parents had been present because the committee wanted to bring home to the fathers and mothers and the people of Warrington the responsibility which they had put upon them in re- gard to the higher education of their children. He re- membered very well—and he supposed he might be privileged to give a little advice—that when he had left school some few years he realised for the first time bow much he had forgotten. Being an old People's College lad, and proud of the fact, he was very pleased indeed to have an opportunity for the first time of addressing a meeting in the People's College, and trying to say some- thing which might interest the lads there. He wished them to be determined, as far as 'hey possibly could, that they would fill a more important position than their fathers had done before them. He was sorry he could not say that which was specially applicable to the young ladies but he hoped they would draw by inference from what he should say to the boys, and apply it to them• selves as far as it was possible. The immortal bard through the medium of one of his characters had told them to "fling away ambition" en the ground that by it the :angels fell. He (Councillor Roberts) did not believe that was Shakes- peare's belief, for if it was, with all due deference to his. better knowledge and ability, he should say it was decidedly wrono. He would not give a fig for a lad who was devoid of ambition. If there was a youth before him that night who had not the slightest idea or determina- tion to be something better than his father was it was about time he had it krocked into him one way or another. The terrible amount of competition in the world in places of employment end in trades of all kinds made it absolutely necessary that whatever brains God had endowed them with, and whatever opportunities they had put before them, they should make the best possible use of those brains or they would fall behind in the race they were taking part in.He would say to every one therte,"Make up your mind that you will not let any opportunity pass of improving your education in every subject you may try to do." They never knew but that a little knowledge on a special subject might be of great service to them, and perhaps the turning point in making their career a great deal more successful than it would have been. He did not mean to say that all the time one had at his disposal should be spent in further work. They knew very well that" all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy." but they must reason these things out in a proper and fair spirit and provide a fair amouet of recreation. Still there was plenty of time in which the improvement of the mind and acquisi- tion of knowledge might be acquired. It was a very pleasant thing to be able to feel that one had got a long evening,to be spent as one liked. That might be right in its way, but don't let them think there was much advantage to be gained in sauntering about the streets and lanes, sin-iking cigarettes at two a penny—(laiighter)—or perhaps even cheaper than that. Cigarettes were now at such a low price that it seemed the duty of butchers' boys and others to smoke when they were doing their errands. He did not think if any lad knew his employer's eye was upon him when he was doing so that he would feel it was very probable that his promotion would take place at an early date. He mentioned that as showing how a great deal of money and time was spent which might be better employed. He did not come there to lecture them but to encourage them in what it seemed they were de- termined to go en with. Some might say that others had better opportunities. That was true, and it often happened that those who had the best opportunities did not make the best use of them. He would recommend those present to read a book, which could be obtained from the Library, written by Samuel Smiles, entitled " Self Help." They would find there numerous instanced of men who had made the r names known through- out the world in one sensie,and who had sprung from the bottom of the !ander to the very top in the various trades in which they were engaged and whose opportunities were far worse than those of any boy in that room. They had made the best use of their opportunities and the re- ts u t wa s their otw ru, uc,h prosperitytheirn eanlsdrg itehg. rrh e prosperity e object o of hnationitself hf the Continuation School was to give !hose who had left ts c he yd e ohl earlyn obtained en opp ytttuh nei typ public improvingelem eni elementary knowledgeshosi and h prepare them to join the Technical classes. a little later on,,and also for those who had a desire to pin the Tech- nical Classes tint who did not. feel quite ready for doing Rn. These would find the Continuation School useful as a stepping !tone for something better. He hoped the Continuation School would be continued for many 'Tars to come in order that its full usefulness might be brought out to the advantage of the town generally. He was a native of this good old town, and there was net such another place in the world like it to him. (Laughter.) They were all very proud of it, but they would have still greater pride in it if it was better than it was. One way to make it so was for the generation now coming for- ward to take the opportunities that presented them- selves, and make the most of them so as to put their present town a long way in the shade in every possible respect. (Applause.)

The Prizee were then distributed, and at the close, Major McGarty proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Roberts for his services.—Mr. Corradine in secondine, said he envied every student present for the opportunities which they now possessed for obtaining knowledge. There were no such facilitiee offered when he was young, and he ,mas at a great disadvantaee. He hoped everyone who had heard Mr. RTherts that night would put to practise the words which had fallen from his lips,for he believed they would be of great benefit to them.— Councillor Robert, in reanending, said the best thanks which could be given to him was that the students should go on in the same catirse in which they had started, , determined to achieve greater successes. 1 The proceedings then terminated.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION TO A WORK'S MANAGER AT WARRINGTON.

There was an interesting event in one of the work- rooms of Messrs. Richmond and Company, Limited, en Friday night,when the esteemed manager of the works— Mr. H. C. Ransome—was presented with some tokens of the respect in which he is held by all connected with the firm on the occasion of his recent marriage. Light refreshments were served in what is known as the "tinning "shop, at which the workmen,fresh from their employment, were present. Amongst those present on the platferm were Mr. and Mrs. Richmond, Mr. and Mrs. Ransome, Miss Ransome, Mr. L. A. Voisey, Mr. W. S. Gilbert (London), Mr. J. W. Slack, Mr. S. A. Scrive- ner Mr. C. R. Adamson, Mr. E. W. Allen, Mrs. H. M. Ashton, Mrs. T. Poole, Mr. Hurst, and Mr. Smith. After a violin and pianoforte duet by Mr. R. [l. Pear- son and Mr. W. H. Payton _ _ . .

Mr.RICHMOND said It was with very great pleasure that once again he appeared before them on an occasion ot that kind. They did not all get married, and those who did generally found that once was sufficient to last them for the rest of their life. (Laughter.) He was sure they were all aware that Mr. and Mrs. Ransome had taken that step, and had taken it with the heartiest good wishes of all present. Those connected with the firm includine the directors, workmen, and staff generally had subqcribed together to celebrate that auspicious occasion. He (Mr. Richmond) thought it must be gratifying to Mr. Ran- some to feel that in the course of a little over five years he had risen as very few men were able to rise. He had earned for himself a position which all of them knew he deserved, and a position in which they were able to respect and esteem him. (Applause.) All of them w mld not remember the early days when Mr. Ransomer joined the company. He (Mr. Richmond) remembered him coming to them quite a young man. He was then very energetic and determined, and soon earned for himself a reputation as a traveller. More assistance was required at the works.and he was then put into the works, and so successful was that experiment that the board of directors hb.d entrusted him with the general management of the concern, and they would be inter- ested to know that in another year he would be invited to join the board of directors. (Applause.) Having so far earned and met the success he deserved, it was their earnest wish that he might have health in which to enjoy the success he had merited. They also hoped that with wealth and health combined they would bring happiness. They wished both Mr. and Mrs. Ransome the greatest happiness that this world could give. It was with no small feeling ef pride that he saw so many employes before him, and his mind went back to the time when they were a small number indeed. They had struggled and striven against great difficulties and almost overwhelming odds, and when their future was not as bright as it was that day. It was a great satisfaction to him to feel that during the time he had been lain aside with illness, orders kad come in great volumes and their works— although enlarged—had not been able to cope with the deliveries. It had been found necessary to drauble the size of the works and he hoped shortly they would be able to show their friends not only model ranges but model works. (Applause.) In conclusion he referred in eulo- gistic terms to the competent staff, and then asked Mr. Ransorne's acceptance of a fine Bechstein piano, a cabinet, and an over-mantel, which he stated were em- blems of the respect and esteem and good wishes they had towards both Mr. and Mrs. Ransome. (Applause.) Mr. W. S. Gilbert, Mr. Hughes, and Mr. Smith, as representing different departments of the firm, also spoke. In responding Mr. RANSOM: said he found a diffieulty in finding words to express the gratitude of his wife and himself for the generous way they had acknowledged their wedding. It was really more than they expected, and he thanked everyone most heartily for those hand- some presents. As a married man he had found out how expensive housekeeping was. (Laughter.) But he.felt he had taken a step higher. (Applause.) He thanked Mr. Richmond personally for his kind remarks, which were exceedingly gratifying to him. Mrs. Raicsoarg also briefly thanked the subscribers for the present which had been made to her husband and herself. The proceeclinga terminated with some instrumental selections by Mr. R. H. Pearson and Mr. W. El. Payton

The journalist tour in South Africa is now inevit- able, because there is so much to be made out of special knowledge,and there are so many capitalists wanting to run papers of their own. It may be hazardous to mention names, but it is said that competition in a weekly direction would not have arisen here but for a certain journey to Africa and its consequences, legal and otherwise. Now one hears that another journalist of note, lately editing an evening paper, is out at the cape, cramming his notebook with facts and impressions, possibly with a view to some new enterprise. When anyone can write a full account of South African gold, in its effects upon London newspaper enterprise and Lon- don opinion, he will have some strange stories to tell.

EPPS' COCOA.—GRATEFUL AND COMFORTING. -" By a thorough knowledge of the natural laws which govern the operations of digestion and nutrition, and by a careful appli- cation of the fine prof:erties of well selected Cocos, Mr. Epps has provided for our breakfast nod supper a delicately flavourei beverage which may save us many heavy doctors' bills. It is by the judicious use of such articles of diet that a constitution may be gradually built up mitil strong enough to resist every tendency to disease. We may escape many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well fortified with pure blood and a properly nourished frame.' —C vii Service Gazette.—Maile simply with boiling water or milk Sold only in packets and pound tins, 'y Grocers, labelled— " Lows EPPS CO.. Ltd., Homceopstlaic Chemise, ondon." Also makers of Fpps' Cocoaine or Cocoa-Nib Extract : Tea- like : A thin beverage of full flavour, now with many bene- ficially taking the place of tea. Its active principle being a gentle nerve stimulant, supplies the needed energy 'without unduly exciting the system.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CRICKET CLUB.

BATTING AVERAGES AND BOWLING ANALYSES. The season just concluded by the above club shows that of the 21 matches played ten have been won, six lost and five drawn. Victories have been gained over Booklands (2), Sefton (2). Preston, Bootle, Llandudno, Cheadle Hulme, Northern (Liverpool), and Captain Plomer's team, whilst defeats have been sustained at the hands of Manchester, Liverpool, Preston, Bolton, Bootle, and Cheetham Hill. Rain interfered with both matches with Little Lever, whilst the return games with Cheet- ham Hill and Cheadle Huline were spoiled through a like cause. Drawn games have been played with Liver- pool, Manchester, Bolton, and Northern. Below will be found the averages. .

===== 0002601_18960926_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
BATTING.

Times Total Highest Aver- Inns. not out. runs, score. ages. Thewlis S M Crostield H Connor G Clarke l2 ... 2 ... 17(i ... 71* ... 171 W H Podmore J Callon l6 ... 0 ... 270 ... 35 ... 152 J Bibby G Hampson LA Voisey A C Nelson Scrimshaw l4 ... 7 ... 60 ... 20* ... 8.57 J j Crostield H Bngland 9 ... 2 ... 36 ... 17 ... 514 CI Crostield 7 ... ig ... 33 ... 11 ... 411 D Plomer II Howley W Silco dr A Duckworth CII Unsworth 3 ... 1 ... 4 ... 4 H H Evans

Eiji Griffin

C liAdameon

HLShrpe 1 ... 0 ... 6 ... 6 B Silco3k 1 e 0 ... 0

WNebon

(1 Nelson 1 0 e o R Crompton . 1 ... 0 0 ... 0 L Lin.ney 1 ... 0 ... 0 ... 0 (*signifies not out). BOWLING.

Name Covers- hitaens Runs Wick- '," Aver- ets age Scrimshaw 333/ ... 102 ... 743 ... 72 ... 1031 R Conner J 3 Crosfield 75 ... 13 ... 200 ... 18 ... 11.11 J Bibby Thewlis S Ikt Crusfield 45 ... 9 ... 132 ... 7 ... 18/5 W H Podmore R Crompton G Clarke.. AC Nelson 10.7 ... 3 ... 39 1 ... 301 A Duckworth

W Si!cock

===== 0002601_18960926_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REV. REV. JOHN McNEILL.

In view of the forthcoming visit of this well-known Evangelist to Warrington for the purpose of holding a united mission in the Parr Hall, from October 4th to 16th, it will, says a correspondent, be interesting to eur readers to know something of the antecedents of one who, in a remarkable way, has proved himself capable of reaching the pe)ple by his evangelistic zeal and fer- vour. The Rev. John McNeill is no sensational preacher, neither does he use extravagant methods in his missions. He is a firm believer in, and preacher of the "Old, Old Stery."which,as his recent missions in Scotland,lreland, England, America, Australis and India, abundantly testify, is still a great attraction, especially when pre- sented with that tremendous earnestness so characteris- tic of the evangelist whom we now expect in our midst. _

A few particulars concerning Mr. McNeill's early life and work are appended. "I began life in the railway service," be says, "and it taught me all the best lessons of my life." He began his work days as gate boy at Inverkip Station, Renfrewshire,when he was 13 years of age. Later we find him porter at the same station, and then booking clerk, afterwards as booking clerk at Greenock and then at Edinburgh, until he retired from the railway service to go to college to study for the ministry. It was while he was engaged as an active membcr of the Edinburgh Y.M.C.A. that his zeal for miision work, his love of open air preaching, and his remarkable gifts as a preacher convinced all who knew him that he was destined for theministry. His struggle through college was a stiff battle, but he stuck to his studies with courage and determination and cleared his way as he pushed on through those eight long years by doing the work of a city missionary. As soon as his studies were finished he was offered the pastorate of the Barony Free Church, Glasgow, a fine church with one thousand members. He was also invited to Edinburgh. Re elected to begin his ministry as pastor of the McCrie Roxburgh Free Church, Edinburgh,and was ordained in the summer of 1886.

It was soon an open secret, not alone in Edinbourgh but throughout Scotland. that the new minister of McCrielßoxburgh Church was a man who would be heard —a man with a message. The quiet, half empty church was before long crowded to the doors, and the name of the young preaches on everybody's lips. Not that every- body commended him, for they did not. It was pre- dicted that the young man would run abut, he was just a comet, and would flutter down as quickly as he had blazed up. John McNeill neither ran out nor ran away; he went on preaching with increasing power, and to crowded and delighted congregations. There were sneers, jibes and ridicule from some quarters ; also charges of vulgarity,insinuations about an upstart book- kg clerk and the like. All the while the blessing of God was accompanying the burning words of the preacher. No doubt his frank, bluff home-thrusts, his merciless satire might be misunderstood or distorted by the more captious of his hearers; and possibly he did offend the superfine feelings of some. But the mists cleared ibWaV, and there stood forth a man of rare natural gifts, and with all his powers consecrated to the one high pur- pose of preaching. His work in Edinberough. his call to Regent Square Church, London, and his services there. and hie abounding labours in various parts of the world since he asked to be set free to do the work of an evange- list have fully confirmed the high promise of his early ministry. On being released from his ministerial charge at Regent Square, London, Mr. McNeill entered upon the work of the evangelist with rare earnestness and vigour. He followed me theextended series of meetings conducted by Messrs. Moody and Sankey in Scotland with many tokens of blessing, and in the principal towns the inter- est created by his addresses and sermons was quite unprecedented. Mention may be made of the meetings for business men in Glasgow. These meetings were crowded with the busy merchants and leading business men of the city, day after day, for several weeks, and that, too, though they were held at the busiest hour of the commercial man's day. The preacher's remarkable power in dealing with great gatherings of men was never more fully demonstrated than at these meetings in Glasgow. His business men's meetings in Dublin and more recently in Leeds were a repetition of those he conducted in Glasgow. The interest deepened and spread over the whole city, and immense numbers thronged to hear the Scottish evangelist. During last winter Mr. McNeill held successful mis- sions in Leeds, Sheffield, Cardiff, Scarborough, Bedford, Harrogate, &c. For the purpose of organising and carry- ing out the mission at Warrington a large special com- mittee has been formed. This committee represents the churches, chapele, missions. Sunday schools, Christian Endeavour Societies,Pleasant Sunday Afternoon Societies the Salvation Army, &c., kc. Every effort has been made to secure as full a representation as possible of the different Christian organisations in the town, and the response so far has been very encouraging. The mission is being worked from the Young Men's Christian Associa- tion, the president of which, Mr. J. Charlton Parr, J.r.. D.L., has stated his willingness to assist and support the mission. The Rector of Warrington has also written to express his sympathy with the effort. At the fist meeting of the menial committee held on Wednesday evening in the Y.M.C.A. Lecture Hall, Friars' Green, there was a large attendance. The pro- ceedings were earnest and enthusiastic. Various officers were appointed and an executive committee formed to carry out the arrangements for the mission. Mr. E. J. Guest, 11. A J.P., was elected chairman of the executive, and Mr. John Fairclough, 1.P., hon treasurer.

" CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD MIXTURE "18 a guaraa teed cure for all Blood and Skin Disetses. It is the mosg searching blood cleanser ever discovered, and it will free thn system from all impurities from whatever cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs. Pimples and Sore- of all kinds. its effects are marvellous. Thousands of Testi: monists. Sold everywhere, at 25. 9d. per bottle. Beware ot worthless imitations and substitutes.—Advt. (1

===== 0002601_18960926_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NEWS.

One of the not least remarkable features of the Queen's reign, considering its eminently pacific charac- ter. is the enermows number of wars, "little and big," that have marked its progress. Scarcely a twelvemonth of this perhd has passed indeed without finding cu. country at war in some part of the world. The following is a list of them :—Afghan War, 1838 40 ; first China War, 1841 ; Sikh War,1845-6 ; Caffre War,1846 ; second War with China ; second Afghan War, 1849 ; second Sikh War, 1848-9; Burmese War, 1850 sacond Caffre War, 1851-2 ; second Burmese War, 1852-3 ; Crimea, 1854 ; third War with China, 1856-8 ; Indian Mutiny, 1857 ; Marini War, 1860-1 ; more wars with China, 1860 and 1862 ; second Maori War,1863-6 : Ashanti War,1864; war in Bhontan, 1864 ; Abyssinian War, 1867-8 ; war with the klazlteei, 1868 ; third Maori War, 1868-9 : war with Looshais, 1871 ; second Ashanti War,1873-4 ; third Caffre War. 1877 ; Zulu War, 1878-9 ; third Afghan War, 1878.80 ; war in B tsutoland, 1879 81 ; Transvaal War, 1879 81; Egyptian War,lBB2 ; Soudan, 1884-85-89; third Bunn ill War.lBBs-92 ; Zanzibar,lB9o ; India,lB9o; Mataleele Wars,lB94 and 1896: Chitral Campaign,lB9s; third Ashanti Campaign, 1896; second Soudan Cam- paign, 1896.

A peculiar invention purporting to have been brought forward some time since in 13.ar1in seems to have proved a reality—namely, the manufacture of horseshoes of paper, impregnated with oil or turpentine to make them waterproof, the process being described as follows : After being thus saturated, the shoe is glued together in, thin layers with a cement whieh does not become brittle when drying, being a mixture of Venetian turpentine, powdered chalk, linseed oil and lacquer ; the boles, ad- mitting the nails by which it is fastened to the hoof, are stamped through the paper when moist. The article is then subjected to very strong pressure under a hydraulic press, and when dry can be filed and planed to fit the hoof snugly.

romantic story is telil of the wife of ThormasT. Watson, the Populist candidate for the United States Tice-Presidency. It was to the efect that after one of the battles of the Civil War a richly-dressed baby was found among the dead and wounded. As no parents claimed the child,it was supposed that they bad perished in the strife, and it is not known whether they were on the Northern or the Southern side. She was adopted and cared for by a Southern soldier and his wife, until Tom Watson, farmer and lawyer, married her.

modern engineering work states that a horse can draw on the worst earthen road three times as much as he can carry on his back; on a good macadamised road, nine times as much ; on a plank road well laid and in good ordhr, twenty-five times as much ; on a smooth stone pavement, thirty-three times as much ; and on a steel railroad, fifty-four times this weight.

The Queen is a stern disciplinarian 'when occasion demands, as the Prince of Wales once found out to his cost. Her Majesty has always had a strong objection to tobacco smoke, and will not allow smoking to be in- dulged in in any rooms of the palaces used by her, tier, indeed, in any place where she is likely to smell tobacco. Even the late Prince Concert, forebore to smoke in her presence. On one occasion, however, she happened to smell the perfume of tobacco when in Buckingham Palace, and on milting an investigation, discovered that the young Prince of Wales (then in his minority) was the delinquent. Her Majesty forthwith gave orders that the culprit should he confined to his rooms for a month, and the order was rigorously carried out. The Prince, appar- ently has never forgotten that month's incarceration,for he never smokes in his royal mother's vicinity to this day.

One pleasing feature of the Queen's busy life is says the "Daily Chronicle" the keeping up, in her own hand, of a correspondence with all her children and grand-children, besides many other relatives and dear friends, such as, in the latter case, the ex-Empress Eugenie. This correspondencl is particularly large when she is, as at present, in retirement in her Highland home. Perhaps the most interesting letter her Majesty ever penned was that written to the Prince of Wales many years ago announcing his emancipation from par- ental authority and control, when, after warning him against flatterers, it is stated that she would never in- trude any advice upon him, although she would ever be ready to give it whenever he should think fit to seek it.

It is worthy of notice that,'almost without exception, the reign of every Queen in modern history has been at- tended by a wonderful advancement in the prosperity of her country. During the reign of Catherine the Great of Russia,for instance,the Northern Empire extended in almost every direction, and many social improvements took place during the reign. Then the reign of Queen Maria Theresa of Austria was distinguished by a period of prosperity hitherto unequalled, in spite of the Seven Years' War and political disturbances ; while it may be asserted without much fear of contradiction, that the reins of Queen " Bess " and Anne are unexampled-- with the exception of the present reign, ef course—in British history. In each reign the omnipotence of the United Kingdom was raised to a pitch that had never before been equalled. Even the unfortl/nate reign of Mary Queen of Scots resulted in some progress.

Fifty-six persons have been summoned at Carrickbeg for being concerned in a dog fight. Sergeant Kenny de- posed that early on the morning of the 17th Augnst he and Constable Daly in plain clothes went to Garrick railway station, where,with a crowd of people they got into a train. They went down to Fiddown, and from there to Brownswood,where witness saw about 200 peo- ple form a ring in the centre of a field. Two dogs were set fighting. After about an hour's fight the dogs were drawn and were given restoratives. The animals were then set fighting again. Restoratives were applied again. After ten minutes more the dogs were drawn, both being in a pitiable condition. Mr. Sullivan,for the defence, submitted there was no proof of cruelty. He admitted the parties were there,and the fight took place, but said it could not be construed into a case of cruelty in his client's case.—Two of the principals were fined £1 each,*and three others 10s. each, The other fifty were charged with aiding and abetting. One was convieted. and the other cases were adjourned for a writ certiorari to squash the conviction.

The " Telegraph's Paris correspondent says :—The " Unien of Hearts "has been celebrated in a novel and original style, if we are to believe an account published on Tuesday, and not subsequently contradicted. Some of the sailors frsm the Russian warships came to loager- heads with a party of Zonaves.and knocked them about to such an extent that, according to the official report said to have been receive 4 at the Ministry of Marine, where it is described as having created quite a sensa- tion, several of the soldiers were " considerably dam- aged." In the report aforementioned this assault and battery by th,. Muscovite tars on the persons of the Zouaves is represented as "extremely regrettable," it being added that' a good deal of ceremonv"was emplovod in the temporary arrest of the attacking force, and that the officers of the Russian warships have been requested with equal politeness to take measures with a view to the prevention of the recurrence of such an unfortnnate incident.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL ODD FELLOWSHIP.

PRINCE OF WALES LODGE.

The Prince of Wales Lodge of Oddfellows (Manchester Unity) having recently decided to remove to the Pelican Inn. Buttermarket-st., held their first meeting there on Saturday. The occasion was taken advantage of to pre- sent P.G. H tigh, their late treasurer, with a Past Grand Jewel,supplied by Messre.W.Battv and Sons,Manchester, and suitably engraved by Mr.J. T. Smith .Warrington,ae an appreciation of services rendered towards the lodge for the period of sevEn years as treasurer. There was a large number of members and visiting brethren present, amongst whom were Prov. GM. Whittle, Prov. D.G.M. Ryan,Prov.C.E.Emscn. The meeting was presided over by N.G. Hamblett, who spoke in high terms of the ser- vices rendered by P.G. Haigh,and on behalf of the lodge desired Prov. C.S. Emson to make the presentation, He did so in a very efficient manner,speaking at length upon the desirability of their having werkers of the stamp of the recipient in furthering the cause of Oddfellowship. He hoped the acknowledgment now bestowed upon him would be received in the same spirit as it was given, and act as a stimulant for Bro. Haigh to prove as useful a member in the future as he had done in the past. (Ap- plauss.)—P.G Haigh, in well chosen words, responded, and explained that now he had resigned office it was not his intention to be idle in their great cause of thrift and self dependence, but still to ge on and do what he could for the benefit of his lodge and district. (Applause.) The ordinary business was then proceeded with, including the initiation of two new members,after which the even- ing was spent in a social manner. Several songs and toasts having been given.and a hearty vote of thanks to the district officers for their attendance, and to P.G. Hamblett for presiding brought a very pleasant evening to a close. LOYAL OLIVE BRANCH LODGE.

At the above lodge on Saturday evening an interest- ceremony to-4 place on the occasion of the presenta- tion of a framed past officer's certificate to Past Grand John Ff.mmon. The Grand Master of the district Bro. James F. WhiPtle was present as also were Lodge G. M. liouf.Thtnn, N. G. MaGrath, V. G. Yeadon, P.P.G.M. Alban Boyle (secretary) and others. After the usual ledge business had been disposed of the district Grand Master made the presentation to Past Grand Hammon and in doing so said he had been requested to attend that evening to present Past Grand Hammon, on behalf of the officers and brethren of the lodge, with the nicely framed emblem which was beforethem for the very able manner in which he had carried out his duties during his term of office. They all knew that in a large ledge like the Olive Branch Lodge the duties imposed upon the N.G.necesaitated a great amount of labour and he hoped the good feeling which these presentations indica' ed would continue in the lodge. Past Grand Haramon suitably acknowledged the presentation and said he had tried to do his duty and whether in or out of office ho would always strive to promote the interests of the Olive Branch Lodge.

OH DEAR ME, I FORGOT

===== 0002601_18960926_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
T 3 GIVE

TUDOR WILLIAMS' BALSAM of HONEY

TO MY CHILDREN BEFORE THEY RETIRED TO BED.

I am certain they will cough all Night without it. There is nothing in the Market equal to it; thoroughly up to date. ONE OF THE MOST REMARKABLE REMEDIES OF THE AGE.

TUDOR WILLIAMS' PATENT BALSAM

OF HONEY.

No mother should neglect to keep this Infallible Remedy in the house ready for any emergency. Re- member that it is wiser to check a slight cough at the commencement than to Know it to develop into a linger- ing complaint. Ask distinctly for TIMOR WILLIAMS' BALSAM OF HONEY, and aee that you get the richt article Persons suffering from Difficulty of Breathing shonld give it a trial.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
LARGEST SALE OF ANY COUGH AND LUNG MEDICINE IN THE WORLD.

13 RONCHITIS.

There are thousands of children who die annually from Bronchitis, Whooping Cough, and Croup. A grand discovery has been made for the cure of such complaints, namely, TUDOR WILLIAMS' BALSAM OF HONEY, which contains Welsh honey and an essence extracted from & selection of the purest and mDst efficacious herbs. A Swansea lady declares that this Balsam acts like magic on her children whenever they are afflicted with one of these kindred complaints.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
50,000 TESTIMONIALS TO HAND FROM ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD.

TESTIMONIALS TO HAND DAILY.

Sir,—Great praise is due to your Patent Balsam of Honey, and particularly amongst the aged. I have net the least doubt that when this hard weather breaks,that the mPn can resume work again, you will receive num bers of orders. There are a great number here suffering from Coughs, Colds, and Chest Affections. I will not be without a bottle of it in the house henceforth.—Youra faithfully, ARTHUR Herssy,2,Clifton Villas,Plevna Road, Hampton, Middlesex. February 12th, 1895.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BRITISH ARMY SPEAKS HIGHLY OF IT.

During the two years that our Regiment was in Pem. broke Dock I used yoar Tudor Williams' Balsam ef lioney.and found that there was not another Cough and Lung Cure on the British market equal to it. Send 11le on a case for my friends at oNce.—Band Sergeant W. HARDS, Ist Bat. The Conn. Rangers, einglesea Barracks, Portsel, Rortsrsouth.

ACTING ARMY SCHOOLMASTER Sir,—Enclose cheque for a further supply of your Tudor Williams' Balsam of Honey. I have used it in many cases of Coughs and Colds. It has never failed to effect a complete cure.—Prof. GEO. H. ATKINSON, Aldershot.

Sold by all Chemists and Stores in is. 1.4 d., 2s. 9d., and 4s. ed. Fottles. Sample Bottles sent (post paid) for is. 3d., 35., and 55., from the Inventor—

===== 0002601_18960926_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
D. Tudor Williams, MEDICAL HALL, ABERDARE.

WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF

WARRINGTON.

During last week, which was the 37th, of the current year, the following births and deaths were registered : Births.

Deaths. 11

Warrington 35 Latchford

Total 37

The excess of deaths over birtha was 26. The death rate from all causes was equal to 9.8 per 1,000, against 176 the average of the previous four weeks, and against 382 the corresponding week of last year. The death rate from the seven chief zynaotic diseases was equal to 1.8 per 1,000, against 4•4 the average rate of the four previous weeks,and against 18.2 the corresponding week of 1895. The ages of mortality were- 0— 1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 up. 3 2 6 11

The deaths included-1 from whooping cough, 1 from measles, 3 from heart-disease, 3 from brairi disease, I from hanging (suicide) 1 from t.rain injuries (murder). The folliwing cases of infectious disease have been reported during the week :—Erysipelas, 1 case, scarlet fever, 2 casas.

_ Total number of patients in hospital on 'Sept. 12th.-8 Meteor°lozy.—The mean temperature was 58 2 Fah., and therefore about the same as the precedine week. The maximum temp-rarure 70F., was recorded on the 11th inst., and the minimum temperature 45F., en the 7th inst.

The Rainfall measured •97 inch. The general direc- tinu was S.E., the reading of the Anemometer denoting 985 inilea.

JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

On Saturday night a drunken navvy. named Leech; entered a shop in Thorpe-road, Newton Heath, and was abusive to the person In charge. A vantnan who hap- prned to be delivering bread remonstrated with the fellow and being apprehensive of violence gave him a push! Leech fell backward, his head striking the ground. He was removed to the Infirmary in an unconscious state, and died shortly after his Omission. The cause of death was found to be effusion of blood on the brainithe result of the fall. A coroner's jury on Monday returned a verdict to that effect, and expressed the opinion that the push was given in self defence.

The Royal Laundresses say Critchley's "STAICR GUM Is uneq,..4lled for imparting a beautiful finish to starched inen &c., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.—. Com- wall. says -" My wife will not finish our linen without your " Starch Gloss.' " From Bradford :—Dear sir,— lam pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be ttaed in every house. Sold at Id., 3d., and 6d., by most starch sellers. If not in stock will procure it. T. CRUMMY:3r, Blackburn. Proprietor.—Advt.

. * * 4ig *-* lig -*-*-lee AK Jet * SORTING, PACKING, lir. --.--y. * SENDING-OFF . 74fic pity are the final operations of the anxious Plan- ter, after the actual man ufacture of his Tea llir *is finished. The sorting is done by selves 40,- of varying mesh, which sift the leat accord- to its size into several grades, the (*Lief of '771 *which are known re spectively a.s Orange vile Petcoe, (this word rhymes with ' echo') 1•11 IVPekoe, Broken Pekoe, rekoe-Souchong, and sonchong. Each grade is then finally re- 310 r: fined. to drive off ally moisture it may have r----f 2 *absorbed from the air during sifting, then * weighed put imniedia telv and whilst still i 30gwarm into lead-lined chests, shaken into ---- :.: place, the lead soldered down to make all air-tight, the lid nailed on and the chest AIL * branded with the garden-mark and the qual- ity of the tea, and then despatched t . mar- ket, At last his tea is off the Planter's • hands, and then the price 'twill bring is on isr his mind i 4., But there's never any need for aon and -r-. your neighbours to be anxious about the * price of tea lor 310 t BROOKE, BONDS' AGENTS * * sell it always at the same prices : 1/2, 1/4,1/8, 2/-12/41 &2/8 : Jig ALB. ISE And the quality of each tea never varies it's ever uniform, and it's guaranteed, by * 2sx our signature and registered seal on every .46..... packet, to be the very best that you cm ybu AIL - anywnere at the pece. 2:11E BROOKE, BOND &CO - * LIMITED. . 5 Jot lir * THE LANCASHIRE TEA wAnTmousEs, 20E 17, PICCADILLY, * 0.9. NtAillEgr STET 1 M APICIIRSTER ; * * *l* *.* * * iii

===== 0002601_18960926_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
4

ebt " Oramincr " &truss

O LANCASHIE AND CHF:SHIM COUNTY NEWSPV PERS: Comprises

THE Warrington and kid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. rr HE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. MINI St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday A afternoon. TBE Runcorn Examiner, published every Saturday morning. and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday morning.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPAID ADVERTISHIdENTS.

SITHATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, STPWATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, A.PARTMENTEI WANTED MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
110USDS AND OTH/CR PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD.

One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 56 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Advertis. meat inserted on credit under 2s. per ins.rtion.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
MoineOM gotrlnuttsS, Scr.

GENERAL, good, strong. Wanted, at onee.—Mourri. IN DEW, Miller-street, Maachester.

WANTBD. strong WOMAN; good milkor.—Apply, TURNER. Hies., Grimeargh, Preston.

WANTED, good General SERVANT, able to wash and bake.—Apply 4, May-street, Lawkhelme,

NI V ANTED, a General SERVANT, for small farm. Small family.—Apply Mrs. Pnocrou, Grindleton, Olitheroe.

.-- - WANTED reliable general semant,plain C okingowashing; small family : £l3.—Mrs. MITATT, Winton, near

Manchester.

WANTED, good GENERAL. Tespectabla rharacter, who can cook and bake, &c.-13, WENTWORTH bruErr, Huddersfield.

WANTED GIRL, to de heusework ; also Cook General.— State wages and referexces. HAwrzoax, Queeu-st., elllegton, Salop.

WANTED. SERVANT GIRL, age about 16 for S•mthport. three in family, private house, wages 4s.—Address 21, VIRGINIA-STREET.

WANTED GENERAL. clean and strong for small family, to wash and plain cook.—Apply Ira. BARBER, 191, Oxford-street, Manchester.

WANTED at once good General ',BRYANT ; trustworthy; small family ; wages £l4.—Slrs. BAXTER, 4,llestyille- avenue, Ilkley, Yorks.

NITANTHD. LAUNDRYMAID in large family; help given; state wages.—rB. CAPEL HOGG, Daveaham House. Congleton, Cheshire.

ANTBD COUNTRY GIRL. (about 18). as General TV Sertrant, no washing —Apply. IBUISCHER, 16. Priory- street. Greenheys, Manchester.

WANTED. thorough GENERAL, about 2); send refer- ences of last situation and wages received.—A. BAY- LEY, 8. New-st.. WeMagi on, Salop.

NV-ANT/ID. at once, golld GSNMKAL, about 18 to 21, must have good et:a-voter, good wagos give n.-117 STOCKPORT-ROAD, Manchester.

YOUNG-MINBRAL SERVANT, goad references indis- pensable, housemaid kept, family 4.—Mrs. emus, United College. Heaton. Bradford.

WANTED Strong GENERAL must be elemt. willing and early riser. Comfortable honse.—Address, J. BAs- Inu.r., 2, Blessington-road, Liyurpool.

WANTED, GENERAL, experlenced.with good references. Family, three; woman to wash; private house.---Joax STABLES. 482, Stockport road, ManchestPr.

IBIMEDIATELY. COOL wages £E4 ; also Waitresses, Laundry Maids and superior Generals.—Apply Miss HUDSON'S Registry, Irlam-street, Warrington.

WANTED, PLAIN COOK GENERAL. also Housemaid ; ages about 23 and 18; family four ; good referencea required.-3. BELGELVE-ROAD. Birkdale, Southport.

fILD TRAFFORD REGISTRY OFFICE, Comfortable homes for Servants with good Charalters.--11rs. Ilonoirrox, Post Office, Old Trafford, M 4nchester.

WANTED COOKS and GENERAL SERVANTS, with good character!, can he suited at once.—Mns. PREFC 01 Registry Office, Greenfield, S!.rewabury.

WANTED, Plain COOK or Cook-General. for quiet country house, house-parlourmaia and nurse kept.— Apply, stating wages, Mrs. FIRMAN, East Lodge, Gateforttl, Selby.

GENTLEMAN wishes to recommend his COACHMAN, understands hunters and harness hors-s ; good driver. singla or pair.—Apply, J. BELLH3USE, 9. Lambtoa Terrace. lioundhay-road, Leeds.

YOUNG LADY desires re-muragement Companion or Lady Help. Domesticated, used V, children as one of the family. Salary moderate, highest reference.-25, fleo.an STREET. King's Lynn, Norfolk.

P-- PILES I ! PILE 3 !!—MI sufferers from Piles MW should send at once for Dr. nALCIETT s celebrated Pile Ointment. Post free, is. ed. and 2s. 9d. Wmalms, 156, Woodboroui•h-road, Nottingham.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
*rboiastic

rjaWo UNEXPBCTBD VAOANCIRS in a good Boarding 1_ School for Boys will br fil,ed at recluceel lees.. individual attention, home eare, all examinations.—Address HAMOR," care of Galt. 2, Corporation-street. Manchester.

CIVIL SERVICIi, free tuition, all V,xams ; rapid successful preparations by thoroughly qualified masters, goad pay, permanent employment. shnrt hours. pension.—UNtrEasiL 11040BERSPONDENCE COACHING AGHNCY. Bait Finchley. London.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
gill antrti.

BBNIBPABBR I pty highest cash prices f•-)r foreil.n postage Stamps.—DURRANT. Bast Noose. Romford.

STAMPS Wanted, old issu-s English and foreign ; loose or collection.—J. COvKNEY, Hollingbourne. Kent. x

AGENTS Wanted to introduce and sell useful articles, stamped envelope.—Avaxasna• WORKS. Dawliela. a.

AGENTS WANTED to push first-clue Machiuery Oils. Liberal commissien.—Box 31, Post Office. Liverpool.

WANTRD. good PLASTBRICTIS. Western and Pann,l Board Behoole.—Apply LAYCOCIE BROTHERS, Harro- gate.

DRICKLAYERS WANTBD at New Cett.4o Homes, La., Styal, near Wi:mslow, 9d. per hour; 12 mouths' work, no strike.

WAR MRDALS Wanted. dated 181i3 or earlier; sovereign each given ; more tor rarer varieties.—Major TOMBS, Droitwich.

flo OD EARNINGS at home by the HARRISON PATENT 1,...A KNITTING 2dACRIN is.-48, UPPER BRUOK-STREET, Manchester.

IT OAM MO ULDERS.—WantPd lor men. Experienced in Chemical Pans, WOODWARD ARP Aanwonni, Bradford. Manshester.

WANTRD large quantities good APPLES. also small sours for jam, Plums, etc.—HENRY SHREAD, Bareugh Market. Loadoa.

WANTED, BRICKLAYERS and LABOURERS; eonstant work to good men.—Apply Joss WILBY & Sox. Builders, Leeds. --

- WANTBD AGKNTS in every town to sell Ow Kensington Boot Cream andiVerdigris destroyer. —.T. A. illE, 25. Hall-lane, Liverpool. WANTBD-.-Go=ld General bE WANT, about 22 or 24. One who can wash.—Apply, Mrs. Aim rr, Ram's Head, Bast-street, Bradford. . V—A.NTICDTCH-AIRMAKFIR-3 (cabinet) and gm—Provers a once : constant employment.—GonnoN ic Co Brad- ford-street. Birmingham.

WANTED. Two. Smart SALESMEN. Good ealary and commis/Ilan. lieferencea required. Apply by letter, MANAGER, 50. Hlgb-at., Hkyl.

youNG MAN WANTED, 355. Per we" and aimv ; regular wo.k ; splendid opening.—Address, Otsfro Farnworth, Bolton. Lanes.

Tnocanvassing. nothing HOUSAbDS making money fast ; 1. to !ell; males only. Pa-ticu'ara Od.--OticaT .t 38. Hoot Pwli-y worn. Glanriwr. Swanspa. ---------

_ WANTED. Respectable pet son as GB tIFaRAL, between 24 and 30. Must be an early riser and iible to do plain Cooking —Address. GREAT FLOAT HOTEL, Seacombe.

WA.NTSD. postageptamps be•ork- 1880. e..11e-t ions or loose. Also old papers bearing Id. black and 2d. blue English of 1840 ; offices cleared.—W. GREEN, L 7, Lodge-road. South- arn Pt° n •

WANTIM.—Every Lady to write to Brddford awl dvi t.r Warehouse Co.. "alifox. for Patterns of New Dress Meerial4 ; six yards doub!o width .I.d. ILI. Ladled Tailor-m:OA Costumes, 10s. 6d.

wmt I,lBosi Ls.— Old Doges. et Hiles. and Prints ef every description. wanted ,UU and upwards given for fine specimens. More parting w:th :Lny of these obtain offer from Ft. 11ythe, Kent.

_ viTANTED at once, an experienced MINIM A.T., age 20 to 25. no washing. good wakra to a suitable persons Apply betwrenthi hours of 10 and 12 a.m. or 1 end 8 p.m. at 2. CILEIWYND-ROAD, Oxton, Bir:.enheetd.

ll_ NSPECTO fri of Weight 4 and Ytet:iarca, permanent Local Government appointments for intelligent it,en over twenty,one ; eakitiea £l2O to £3SC a year ; candidate, c oached for Board of Trade examination t,y eertiii d inepector. Write /or particulars to G. Putzzips, ()Marva, ulul. X

To ES fATE AGENTS PAMIR its an 1 °titers Fencing wire, job lot, eltesp, in lo sto suit buyers : about 21n circ ; Npeal quotation tor qusntiti.s. -Davi:sox and Gums, Hopetnakers, Hendon-road, dundtrland. x

r WAN LOWB, Fire and Thief-proof SAFB MAKER. has ON e 1 SALM Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry. Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from —3B. Albert-street. King-street West. Manchester.

NTIOLIN ST, !MIS is. for 6 '• Italian 2s. for 6 ; Perfact 3s. V for 6. Large reduction to Professors. Wholes4:e list of Violins, Cellos, Mandolines, strings etc. free. —PENcili Vio- tti( iiTIMICATC, 66, Lady Margaret-road. London, N. W. x

NEW PATENT RUBBER SPECIALITI'IIt3 for ,i,irnestic purposes; English manufacture : for 33. 63. post tis will send six special sam ples ; largely in use; cstoloAu ' on application m --ANCRESTER NOVELTY CO., Clayton. Al ,n- Chester. x

F! FIRE I! Filth ! I I—Genuine bale ot extensive A: stock of Pianos. Organs' &c.. previous to re-huildiug of premises owing to the recent fira ; easiest terms arranged to effect a clearance.—PAYNE, 103. Approach road, Cambridue Heath.

- VICZNAIA and all SKIN DILEASIss are spetdily and fff ecti vely cured bp a. few applications of SOSIDMIMA. It ivea instant retie. Price 2s. 9i. and 4s. 6d p, St free. —Full particulars JAMES AND b•rawairr, 51, Bat h•Lt reet, Jersey.

C_ _ HRAP FISH! CHEAP FISH I I Mixed Kitts, flai all kinds, 10s. and 20s. kitt ; fried fish shops supplied is. 3d. stone ; 71b table fish. carriage paid, 2s. 6d. ; kippets, bloaters, is. Bd. box, cash with order. —SLEIGHT BUM , Pontoon. Grimsby.

rilo LADIES, MOTHERS, AND DAUGHTERS.— A 1. Married Lady having had a life-lo tg experience in all ailments, particular to the female sex, will ha pleased to forward I. any lady (on resmipt of stamped directed envelope) proofs and particulars a certain tensile Medicine for the speedy and positive cure for all forms uf irr.gularities and übstrwtions us, matter how caused or long-standing. Write for testimonials, proofs. Ac., of my remedy which has cured the most hopeless cases in a few hours. wever fails in the most obstinate case. Do not 13.?. led by worthiess and showy advertistmftuts, but write tome, who tho•oughly understands your case. This retw-dy causes no pal's or prostration what- ever.—MADANt ',AMAX. 2, Berkley Villa, douthall, Middle- sex.

BSTABLISHi-D 75 YEARS. THE BEI3T IHING THE WOBLD IS BAT SALVE.

For In.tantly Rklir:viug Pain and CURING AIIFSSICS, BAD 111(1,ASTS, BOIL', 11111t11-4. SCALDS, and all SORES. NOTFIIir sn'F.lolUpidillgiciosßtAyTreelcSfroSmALVU, BATES, 1, REGENT SQUARE, LONDON, W.C. 21ease mention pap,r.

A WO:•:DRRFUL MRDICINE FUR iLNDIRS CM arritd or Single

DASMAIL'S IV Trr ORLD-FAMED OPECIFIC, The only Safe and EfUetual 'feint dy an Barth for Correct- ing ELE Irr,lguld.rities and Removing all Übstructions, from whatever cause arising. Before ordering elsewhere do not fail to send stamped addressed enveknie tor particulars. &c. and then judge for yourselves, Ilauisands of genuine Testi- , monia's have been received. proving it without a doubt to be the most astonishing medicine ever discovered. and really the •• Ladies' True Friend." Beware r Copyists—many have re- cently sprimg up, styling themse.ves '' Madame So-aud.So " •• ilerirei.4 Physicians. lipecialisz.s AC." They have no medics, knowleitge or exucrience A.

DASMAIL,

11.ut 412, Lati,g4ale House. WALT/1A.1,14'0W. LONDON. hat. nearly half a Century. _ _ 0 ADIE3. j\fAcKE;ZII.'S FiINi.ALEI MEDICO; E

Wit; positively remove the most obsiiii.ate Obstructions. Irregularities, xc., trom ~ny cause j twelve hours. Guarair- tee,i the must p iwerf,tl and strongest. upon e,rth. Failure is imposAbie. It acis like magic in the long standing and intricate obstructions. Ladle; wiil save tune, trouble and expense by c..ming to au ex ukulauce I Spc-_tal; sr. at first. Post !roe, Inider cover, recurey puked, wiUi full directions and advice (4s. 6,1.) FOUR SHILLINGS AN SIXPIINCI3, Will WHIT FEN UUArtit.‘Thli OF CURE.

Mrs. L., of High-st., 3ory, iiear Leeds, writes :—" One 4s. 6,1. ',ticket cu: ed tie a:4er Fou It MONTHS' anxiet) of mind, e.nd at ter I lout tiled no les,: 111,11 five different so- called remedies. My ,ister recommended toe to you, and she is equal:y entimbitstic. several !dies have told me they have always I,een cued by you wile.). oilier firms failei." Send at once !..-rr 10U liqged Book of Particulars and Testi- monials. which are swc,rn oioath beiore ',ler Majesty's Com- missioner tor oat's to hit true and gi-mitins. All open to in- spection and A:1,0,.;0 given to any charity if one is proved not genuine. Aiiviee veringif; Mrs. B. Fr. Trafford House, 83, Dawes-road, loudon. W•

_ . Avoid Itnitatious.--• Worthless and .njurious. Please men- tion this paper.

E. AUKLAND, SENR.,

MON6IENrAL MASON 'ANtiSCULi'TOI.I. LIIGH-STICHET AND 180. MANCIIIIS TIM-ROAD.

(Near Cemetery c ntraiwP). WARRINGTON. tone workel by steam power. Design and estimates sent free. Monuments, Headstones. Crosses, &c., always in stock. The cheapest firm in town for poreelan and ..hina Wreaths, Crosses. Anchors, Harp., b) imitate natural flowers. Also Globes and Shades to match. All kinds of lettering and gilding executed on the shortest notice.

COLWYN and NORTH WALES COAST. For Furnished houses to let, apply to F. DEW. Land Agent, Colwyn Bay.

tibt:A7terk, &c.

HANDSOME GRBY COS, £l5; may be seeu 3 p.m.—Dr. J. RENBHAW, School-road, Sale.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
J. Al 0s s,

FAMILY BUTCHER. 59, LEONARD-SU:EDT, WARRINGTON. PRIM ENGLISH BEEF, MUTTON. VEAL AN PORK AT MODERATE PRICES.

All orders promptly attended to and delivered when require

Ea be /set.

ORFORD AVENUE..—House to be Let.--Apply, JOSEPH 1Z WILLIAMS. chartered accountant, Warrington.

iptorko, Isllsintsgtsc,

S N INSURANCE OFFICE, FOUNDED 1710.

SUM INSURED IN 1£95.-£390,775,000.

For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Messrs. J. R. Pickmere Son, Bridge-at. Mr. Edward W. Woods. Ci,intnercial ChamLors, 55, Horsemarket-street Messrs. Voisey and Worthington,2l King-street Mr. B. Lowe. Market Gate Chambers

KEATING'S POWDER. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetle. 9. NE-0 Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths. Beetles.

A WONDERFUL REMEDY For BILIOUS and LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDItrESTION, WIND, SPAS3IB,FOUL BREATH, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, IRRITABILITY,- LASSITUDE, LOSS or APPETITE, DYSPEPSIA. HEARTBURN,. LOWNESS OF SPIRITS, GIDDINESS. &C. As a General Family dlperient Medicine,

===== 0002601_18960926_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. SCOTT'S PILLS,

ARE UNRIVALLED.

Heads of households should always have a box by them to resort to on any slight occasion of ailing on the part of those under their charge as by paying attention to the regular' action of the Stomach,Liver and Bowels,tnany a severe film** Is avofded or mitigated. They give a healthy tone and vigour to the different secretions, causing the necessary organs of the' Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digestion and strengthening the whole system. The Genuine are in a square greeu packet. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other medicine instead. Prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, Seymour Place, London. W.

The Destruction THERE has during the Present of the week been no abatement of the Armenians. agitation on behalf of the Per- secuted Armenians. It has now been placed beyond doubt that the people of this country have heel, thoroughly aroused by the repeated crimes of the Turkish SULTAN. By the end of this week there will be few towns of any imporfr ance in England in which an indignation meet- , ing of one kind or another has not been held. The agitation has so far been almost unique in its character, seeing that although it deals with an important political question party spirit hag been entirely eliminated. At the commencemen of the movement some Conservatives deprecated even if they did not condemn the holding of pub' I ne lie meetings in denunciation of ABDUL RAMO' But their suspicions have now been allayed' There has been no attempt made by Liberals to snatch any party advantage from the feel- ings of abhorrence aroused by the massy cres. T:ie difficulties which confront the Government have been recognised by evel responsible speaker, and no attempt has bees made to force Lord SALISBURY into a course of action which is not. approved by his own judg- ment. The object in view is really to strengthen the Government in its dealings with the Sultan or any other foreign authority and not to weakeo it. The meetings that are being held are doing ° very useful work by impressing upon foreign governments the fact that Lord SALISBURY backed by a united nation in his efforts to bring about a reformation in Turkey. Unfortunately it. cannot be said that much improvement has 30:4 been effected. Even during the present weell there have been more massacres though on a cool' paratively small scale compared with those which, have been previously perpetrated. Six hundre° 1 more Armenians have, however, been added to the list of the slain in the Asiatic provinces of TurkeY) and there are many ominous indications the° still darker tragedies may soon follovi. In Constantinople the condition of el. surviving Armenians is pitiable. They ere' 1 harried and harassed in ienumerable wgge. by the SULTAN'S police, and in the meantiel il the fanaticism of the Moslem inhabitants is being further excited by tales of pretended discoverinS of bombs and dynamite in Armenian houses. o,ll° correspondent writing from the Turkish capit°4 says "you cannot conceive of the harrowing offer ing which is entailed by this Reign of Terror. IT- prisonment, torture, death, form but a part Of. zoti- Think of houses entered at dead of night, t_., I, fathers and sons and brothers being carried Ofr VJ the police, and of the women and children left . rrhil3P an agony of uncertainty as to their fate. what it it means to those leit at home, when tbe business man or the cierk, plucking up some little. rrbeg courage, leaves for the city in the morning. all know that he may be imprisoned before as° upon some groundless charges. So the days in misery and as for the nights, there are th° OOP sands who cannot sleep. 'They tear each foo se. 'is the tread of an invader of their Wit", The massacres were horribly brutal, .0 continued persecution is mercilessly cruel, but 11 hundreds of houses there are men and women la children being tor:nred to death by fear, the anxiety and despair. We cannot reckon UP d broken hearts as we can count up the dea3 B_lloa missing, but their number is awfully large, :or their pain is unspeakable." The " bitter cry . this correspondent is in harmony with al/ tu

ba.....4.•••........

The Czar'E Vint.

Neouity of 44e so becal /raP of pagetc tWith it. Wt I_4litias landt the way, I he was Ihtl real Scot

ellt and persh lhowing that loyalty, but ,t)ZARINA wen

tivic dignitar tie CZAR, it the little . e Coll

Id briefly th teir words o Ls fairly wii tat he seem

tak Wttiti, ell t 1,4 r n.lll/1 I 'lt "trail • Y, w ide nr,ts 11 itrt :s o )14,4 1,1 lay %chit ir.enxitox 4tln7re,hia e,4Z'roT,,"i'll'. 4%'.112.7 • Nkti"„a‘llts '• 2.5 r n 41(e";:i're4. e r

Bugs, Moths, Beetjal

31ags. Moths. Beetles.

lugs, Moths, Beenes.

Bugs, Moths, Beeqes. is Powder, o cele- !d, is rfectly un- led in destroyiat ate (whilst perfectly iless to all animal All wollens aid should be well tkled with the Pow- )ernre placing away. only in tins.

,D.REN, DREN,

'ety got rid of by us Nearly all children )t wait, you can with on worms). Sold by.

FIOUSE.

ND SON,

A. LINBN and. beg to inform üblic generally iBHOUSE, 76. 4, IS NOW OCK of their. IN DANEASK SHEETIhOS,. 0.. CAMBRIC also GIcNTLB- Ld CUFFS. and rND RHCLOTH- .e, all of which UFACTURERS' dl and Inspect.

ND SO

TFACTURERS.

KRPOOL.

REMEDY

INDIkvESTION, WIND, ESSION, IRRITABILITY. 3PEPSIA , HEARTBURN r

tt Medicine,

===== 0002601_18960926_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
PA UGAfil

THE PROPOSED —SMALL-PDX HOSPITAL. keeting of residents at Padgate and Pearl:Awed was kVA Friday evening last week in the Pidgate Church to consider toe proposed erection of a smallpox al4,titai at Pear Tree Farm, Houghton Green. There \l/41)resent—Mr. William Beyston (chairraan of the 4litrte rarish Council), in the chair; Messrs. Thornton, r,P, W. Houghton, Mason, Walker, T. Granger, T. 13117tatiger, Critchley, Harrington, Burrell, Unwen, lksiele,e. Blackwell, Beevere, and many other rate- Chairman said the meeting had been called as a Yrh:ltiation of the last meeting of the Parish Council, lop ,e it was expressed that they should have the opin- S the ratepayers of the parish as to the building of ttllpox hospital at Houghton Green. It was thought tlitLif patients were to be brought through the parish it; Would be a great danger of infection. He believed tow," sure to deteriorate the value of property in that ittli4lhip and in the neighbourhood of the smallpox boa- He would be glad to have the opinion of the rate- oa this question in all its bearings. (Hear, .th Ice following resolution was read, which was handed 1 7 -ur. Harrington :—"That we,the parochial electors hpc'hiton-with•Fearnhead, strongly object to the con- tiiraahee of smalipox patients from Warrington through tpwnsbip, as we believe it would be projudical to tilll'ace as a residential district and most dangerous to th, ,nealth and lives of the inhabitants, and we request kwrarisla Council to oppose by all means in their 14 et the project of the Warrington Corporation, and tlllt(tfoleary engage legal assistance to lay the Warring- Nitleeherne before the Local Government Board,and ex- the grounds of our oojections to the same." (Hear, Mr.Harrineton said the question affected every- lii the room. The rates had increased last year,and 0017 way to get them reduced was to have an in- , 14,./sin the number of people in the neighbourhood. 'Oz ',.• H. Thornton seconded the resolution. The build- the hospital would, he said, militate against the of land, and cripple the sale of property. It 1e,141 be damaging to their financial interests. He could '4l tgint' children running behind the vans and swinging Ik4o the ba,or of them. Through the crevices of the Nt•t,hey coulo inhale that deadly disease,and spread the NAtpential breath throughout the neighbourhood. He :444a0 extract from a letter of Dr. Thorne against the Ntir4Plation of an infectious hospital near to any resi- Aral e•entre as injurious. (Hear, hear.) „Teoin a Grariger, in supporting the resolution, kk:nP hogrie,al would be a great evil. W. fluughton said a speaker had referred to .uibtrict Council as being expected to oppose Nerectiou of this smallpox hospital. He would the pari•Olioners present that there was L,ll strnnz pressure on the District Council to provide ththaillbox hospital. He did not wish to stand in their I,ticattratishioners') way. lie was as much against the 4:tat as anyone Dc the room, and was entirely with He would do anything in support of the opposi- ,lN taPp!ause)—but he wanted them to take a rational tee matter. E the stnaApox hospital was pro- iitet tf) he erected in any other part of the district the ,411, °Pinion would prevail. '14141' .Vyalker suggssted that they should meet the Health tkh‘tt.4`te- of the Corporation in fair discussion in the at Tuere were no two differences of opinion to bk,uieCtion. .114 r. t.:" solution ris, unanimously carried. 'r • Walker ro )ved a resolution to the effect that 11414.1-)Qtatiuo ol he Parish Council meet the Health ittee of the C-e-poration acid see whether a better not be, a,r tuged by them for the building of tai, was seconike by Mr. Granger, and carried. Rlceting thrh t erminated.

SIR GILBERT GREENALL ttik ktkti, en the Ituctory at Woolsthorpe, near 'latt h, • During the abscence of the reo.tor and 11;Itiii LS, who rre away on a prolongr holiday, ,rs:4ide there with his mother, Lady Greenall, liitillert2enall, and Mr. C. Greenall, pending the lithdrejii:7 of new hooting box which Sir Ors laying: erected at Woolsrhoroe. I.°lt it.,""DIONBY n HAIR KnnTouica, a great diseos,ery, a I 1,14 e, hist, Wash p Marvellous Results, Innumetable Pltramsed by Royalty. Iu great demand 0,1 -7slottas. .nakvs the flair Grow. prevents -Bald- IV4',ratl,n4, restores hair to its naturalcolour, qtai,l4l:lby ana ruitlitul appearance. Vlestastonish- -2s 6.lkicltle. post tree.—A ddi iseMie. PoN- li%„ Li Ina -si.. Li verponl—.t.dvt. mid IPetro.Plateti Go .—GARLIND, eet, Nar,ingt.au..—Advt.

RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

RUNCORN SHOP ASSISTANTS.

A match between the above and the White Star F.C. was playsd on Wednesday afternoon, and ended in a victory for the shopmen by one try to nil. A PRIZN WINNING RUNCORN DOG.

At the Altrincham Agricultural Snow, on Thursday, Mr. J. H. Weston of Runcorn, was awar6led the first prize (£2), for his dog Sir Visto, of the St. Bernard breed.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
PILLS,

lave a box by them to ,t on the part of those ention to the regular' I.rnany a severe illnesi .Talthy tone and vigour leeeseary organs of the tivity, thus restoring id strengthening the

a packet. Do not be ter medicine instead. 173, Seymour Place,

• A'trits UNTY NE WSPAPESS.

ire Examiner, pub—

xaminer, published

shed every FridaY

shed every F.,atur-

ied every SaturdaY

ISEMENTS.

Iree Six ,eks. Weeks. 3d. ... 2s. Od. 10d. 38. Od. 6d. 48. Od. Id. 58. Bd. ... 6s. Od. only. No advsrtise- s. per insertion.

INER, 26•11, 1896.

aring the present abatement of the behalf of the per - ow been placed of this country by the repeated By the end of ls of any import". ndignation meet- ; not been held. almost unique ill nigh it deals with n party spirit has he commencement atives deprecated he holding of pub- ABDUL HAMIP' OW been allayed. de by Liberals W from the feel' by the massy .h confront the 4nised by everY ttempt has bees into a course of by his own judr ally to strengthen

with the Sultan Lnd not to wealel3 g held are doing th ng upon foreigo I'd SA LISBURY li a eff9rts to bring

Unfortunately Iroveruent has )14 he present Weak though on a cora' with those which ;ed. Six hundred been added to the ovinces of TurkeP ; indications that .3' soon follovb ,rdition of the able. They are .iinurnerable wag in the meautirae habitants is being ended discoveriee )nian houses. One Turkish capital' e harrowing suffer rign of Terror. I°l- - but a part of it' lead of night, °I .;ing carried off a Ld children left ie their fate. Thirect, home, when tP- iog up some little ie morning. oned before 00' So the days Pess there are thou" [ear each footsteP of their house. bly brutal, t,be ssly cruel, but 1° sod arid wornon A atli by fear, se' )t reckon up the up the dead a a mfully large, az' or " bitter cry" 11 ,ony with a

tftlAr news that comes from Constantineple. In tact. k everything one reads goes to prove that al- - the Sultan has for the time being partially t7cl aside the brutal weapon of massacre,he is none u° less relentlessly pursuir.g his policy of exter-: 411 nation. It is computed that within a few weeks Paat the number of adult male Armenians in Con- stantinople has been reduced by almost one-half. Sit five thousand were either slaughtered in af'ske recent massacre or found to be " missing " Lterwards, but many more thousands have since " deported." Deportation as applied to the raenians seems to be neither more nor less "4411 a quiet method of destruction. These "1211aPpy people are forced from the city 17 Which they have been earning their gselihood and told that they must return to 4rnienia. It is suspected, however, that large vkliribers of them are thrown into the sea from the :118els on which they have been placed. Those "at do reach their destination find that there is kilther work nor food for them, and that they are klt the mercy of their ruthless enemies the Kurds. '4 this way the Armenians are being swept from 1,110 face of the earth, even while the "great °Wets" are presenting their "identical notes" of aPil)teat to the Sultan. It is to be feared that if rre be much longer delay there will be few nenians left te save from the clutches of the 1 arks.

THE CzAR'S visit to the QUEEN Ths Czar'S has provided a great opportu- nity for the display of the 4igenuity of the special correspondent, all the wkcire so because there has been very little in the 113' of pageantry to be debcribecl in connection hltith it. When the young Ruler of All the 4ssias landed at Leith from his yacht, which is, L,' the way, more like a war vessel than a pleasure "at, he was greeted by "real Scotch weather" 4141 real Scotch baillies. The rain fell in an earn- and persistent fashion as if for the purpose of Ill Owing that the Scotch climate is no respector of loyalty, but on the other hand the CZAR and INARINA were greeted in a right loyal way by the !tivic dignitaries of Edinburgh and other towns. ie CZAR, it appears, does not cultivate any of Ilia little courtesies which help to win popular Ivour. He listened, we are told, to the short yoeches of welcome that were addressed to him ' OPith a silent air of dutifulness rather as if were listening to a foreign language, i1°417 and then nodding slightly, but never smiling, N's impassive, unemotional and silent," and tiAlle.n. presented with the golden casket from itiburgh he seemed to be unpleasantly surprised t: its weight and dropped it with a look of relief in- the hands of the Earl of PEHuRoKE. Having %rived the casket and listened to the eloquence the Scotch dignitaries, he then quickly, without tZing a word, disappeared into the reception- and did not reappear until his carriage was :1:113'. In this respect the CZAR was in marked 474rast with the PRINCE Of WILES. The PRINCE t:l4. tened to the speeches of the Scotch provosts he had been drinking in a flood of divine iladorn and wit, and smiled on them as if they :k.lll been goddesses instead of rival baillies." 42) adds the same correspondent, "one could I:abut mark the contrast. On the one side the bonitomie of the English Prince accus- the d to life of fearless publicity, and on 4 other the unsmiling reserve of the young b,t14415.L. Czar, surrounded with his c:oud of police, 4:44 with quick side glances out of nervous eyes at Pause or slightest hitch in the proceedings.' bundee and Aberdeen the Czar relaxed a little briefly thanked the local representatives for eirwords of welcome, but it was not until he !asa fairly within the Queen's Castle at Balmoral t he seemed to be entirely at ease.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
HOLY TRINITY CHURCH, RUNCORN..

The harvest thanksgiving services at this church were continued on Sunday, when two sermons were preached by the Rev. E. Jobsen,vicar of Brierfield. Special music was ably rendered by the choir. The offertories were in aid of the curates' fund. There were large congrega- tions.

Sr. MICHAEL'S CHURCH RUNCORN.

2' On Thursday evening, the annual services of thanks- giving for the harvest, were commenced in the above church. The sacred edifice was tastefully adorned. There was a large congregation, and the Rev. C. C. Eleum M.A., vicar of St. Agnes, Liverpool preached an appropriate sermon. TUE EVENING CLASSES.

As will be seen from our advertising columns, the Runcorn School Board. will open their evening classes on Mondav next tke 28th inst., Mr. F.J. Norman, J.P., will distribute the prizes and certificates rained last year by tke successful scholars. All interested in Education are invited to attend. Nsw THEATRE FOR RUNCORN.

A site for the erection of the new theatre for Run- corn, has been obtained in Lowland's-road opposite Run- corn Station (L. & N.W.) ' Plans have been prepared by W. Davies, arehitect, Devonshire Buildings, Runcorn ; and have been approved by the promoter Mr. Csddick. The construction will be of brick and stone. The total estimated cost is about £3OOO and the theatre is expected to accommodate 1,500 persons. The work which is to be put in hand at once, is expected to be completed be- fore the end of the year. ST. PAUL'S WESLEYAN CHURCH. RUNCORN.

The above church was crowded on Sunday, the occas- ion being the annual harvest festival. The sacred edifice was beautifully embellished by a number of willing workers. The choir under the leadership of Mr. Morris, rendered special music, the evening anthems being" Ye shall dwell in the Land" and " Praise the Lord." The preachers for the day were, morning, the Rev. W. George; evening. the Rev. T. Brackenbury. The ser- vices were continued on Monday,when the preacher was the Rev. R. G. Clifton. The collections were on behalf of the circuit funds, in connection with which it was stated there was a considerable debt, owing to heavy expenses.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
A BRLYE RUNCORN VOLUNTEidt.

The War Office authorities have awarded Lance Corporal William Horton, G Company, of the Runcorn detachment Earl of Chester's Rfles, the honorary testi- monial of the Royal Humane Saciety, for saving the life of Private Belie, of the Royal Welsh Fusiliers, whilst encamped in Towyn,in July last. It will be remembered that Corporal Horton saw Private Belie struggling in the water close to the camp. Horton jumped in(in uniform) without a moment's hesitation, and rescued the man. The young private was insensible when brought on land and Corporal Horten,who has passed a course of lectures under Dr. McDougall for the St. John ambulance, ren- dered valuable assistance in bringing the Welsh Fusilier round.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
UNITED lIETBODIST FEES OKI:TECH.

The Rev. J. Stafford preached a sermon on Sunday in the United Methodist Free Church, Runcorn, on the Armenian Qaestion. The rev. eentlennan, in the coiirse of his remarks,strongly condemned the manner in which the Christians of Turkey are being dealt with,and urged that the time had arrived when such cruelties should be stopped. At the close of the rev. gentleman's remarks, the following resolution was submitted :—" We express our unqualified abhorrence of the outrages and mass- acres of the Armenian Christians by the Sultan of Turkey, and earnestly appeal to Lord Salisbury (Prime Minister) to adopt, with all haste,means,with or without the aid of other powers,that will remove them„and cause better rule in Turkey." The preposition was unani- mously carried. There was a large congregation.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RUNCORN MUSICAL SOCIETY.

ANNUAL MEETING.

The annual meeting of the above Society was held on Tuesday evening in the Bethesda Lecture Hall,Runcorn, Mr.J. Brundrit occupying the chair. The Secretary,Mr. W. R.Pierpoint, presented his renort,which showed that the past season, which was the eighth of the Society's working, was one of unqualified success from a musical point of view. They retained the patronage of his Grace the Duke of Westminster, and Mr. Bruno rit had been their president for the eighth time, their vice presidents numbered 86, and the singing members 75. The usual three concerts had been held, the first on °etcher 29th, 1895, which was of a miscellaneous character,but failed to draw,as was anticipated. The second concert took place on December 16th, 1895, when they presented Barnett's " Ancient Mariner " ; whilst the third concert was held on March the 26th, 1896, when "Elijah was produced. the concerts were not as well attended as they might have been. Mr. Booth, the treasurer, submitted the balance sheet which snowed that the season commenced with an ad- verse balance of 16s. Bs. The receipts at the first con- cert were, £47 43.11 d. and the expenditure,£sB 13s. 7d.; second concert. receipts, £4O ss, 3d.•, expenditure. £56 17s. 3d.; third concert, income, £46 17s. 10d.; expendi- ture, £EI.3 Is. I.ld. The summary showed accounts to be due, amounting to £64 3s. 4d., towards which they had £l9 19 in hand, leaving a net loss on the workings of the season of £44 4s. 441. The Chairman stated that the estimated cost for another season's concerts would he £136 25., a consider- able sum less than what they expended the last year. He moved the adoption of the reports.—Mr. Crosby seconded.—Mr.Brundrit said he would like to hear some of tho opinions of the members present as to the future of the Society. They had to decide whether it should be con- tinued or not.—Mr. Scott said, he noticed that they bad the presence ef some of the vicP-presidents,and he should like to have their opinions on the inatter.—One of the vice-presidents who was amongst the audience stood up and said the committee had well threshed the matter out before.in trying to devise some way as to the future. They were pretty nearly divided on the subject, and so it was left over until that night, to get a fair expression. But to begin with, he though that the meeting was a very poorly attended one. The ladies had turned up very well, but the men had not. To begin' another season with some £44 around their necks, was rather a difficult matter.—Another member expressed his views on the subject and said, the best thing to do in plain words was to "Jack up."—The Chairman suggested that they should adjourn the meeting in order to give them an opportunity of talking the matter over.—lt was ultimately decided that the Society should continue for another year.

The election of officers then took place. Mr. Brundrit was re-elected president, and the vice-presidents were also re-elected. Mr. Scott Wag elected secretary, with Mr. Fiendley as assistant, Mr. It. W. Piervint,treasurer; Mr. Marrow, librarian ; Mr. Musgrove, organist and accompanist. A committee of six gentlemen and ladies was also elected.

It was stated that at the first concert, which is to be held on the 17th December, the " Messiah" would be rendered.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON POINT.

SHOPBREAKING.—At the Runcorn Pollee Court on Thursday afternoon, before Mr. F. J. Nerman, John Timperloy and Thomas Pimblett, boatmen of Northwich, were charged with breaking and entering the shop ef Walter Collier at Weston Point, between the 23rd and 24th inst., with intent to commit a felony.—Thomas James Fitton, manager of Messrs. Collier's shop, said he left the premises secured on Wednesday at noon. When he went to open next morning, he found the fanlight broken. He bad:never seen the prissners before.—P.C. Bancroft said his attention was called to the shop about midnight by the breaking of glass. He listened at Ow front door for some time, avid hard a noise inside the shop. He went round to the back of the premises, and there saw Timperley looking over the wall. The latter on seeing him ran off. Witness followed him and Pimb- lett. The other prisoner got away, but, was apprehended later in the day by P.C. Gregorv.—The prisoners were remanded for a week for el qoiries to be made.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
W ESTON.

HARVEST THANKSGIVING.—The Weston Church com- menced its thanksgiviw: services on Friday, when the preacher wa.3 the R,,v. Cannon Holme, Vicar of Great Budsvorth. On Sunday the Rev. W.H. Stables preached morning and evening, and the Rev. H. C. Moyle gavu a very instructive address to:the children Ic the afternoon. Mr. Edwin Imison, C.C., read the lessons. The decora- tions which were of an elaoor:Ae character, had been carried out by the members of the congregation.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON.

PARISH CHURCH HARVEST FESTIVAL.—The harvest thanksgiving services were continued at the Parish Church on Sunday. The Rev. H. T. Clarke. vicar of Daresbury, was the morning preacher. At 230 in the afternoon a catechism service was held. At the evening service the church was crowded, additional seats having to be provided. The sermoli was preached by the Vicar, the Rev. G. 1). Wray. Mr. J. S. Jeacoek nresided at the organ. The coilectiens amounted to a 94.. and were divided among the Royal Agricultural Benevolent In- stitution, the Church of Enkland flames for Waifs and Strays, and the mission in Halton-road.

The London corrvspondent of the "Glasgow Herald" writes:—l hear that the new steel process in which sorne Glasg6w men are interested has been sold to s capitaliFJ here for £500,C00. It is claimed that by this proc(•sm the steel industry, especially in the valley of t .e C:;t de, will be greatly stimulated, owing to the cheapening of the manufacture.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXA MINER SAT UR Y. SEPTEMBER 26 1896.

RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD.

A special meeting of this Board was held is the Board Room on Tuesday evening. There were present, Messrs. J. Pritchard (chairman), F. J. Norman, E. Imisou,Canou Wood, the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi and Mr. Moss, clerk.

ELECTION OF • NEW MEMBER.

The Chairman said their first business was to elect a new member in the place of Dr. McDougall resigned.— Canon Wood said he had a name to submit, which he thought would be received with satisfaction by the Board. As it fell to the duty of the Board to elect a new member he had pleasure in proposing Mr. Charles Timmins. He was well-known to them all, as a man who has taken considerable interest in matters of ele- mentary education. Mr. Timmins represented a firm of considerable importance in the town, so that in every way he was a suitable candidate. Be (Canon Wood) also proposed a vote of sympathy with their late colleague Hr. McDougall in his illness.—Mr. Imison seconded the proposities.—Dr. Gastaldi said Mr. Tim- mins would be a very efficient member.—The Chairman put the proposition to the meeting and it was unani- mously carried.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
INCREASE OF SALARIES.

The School Management Committee recomtnended that the teachers' salaries be advanced as per the scale of the Board as under. commencing October 17th, 1896: —J. F. Moulton to £lB5 (with extras as per scale) ; J.G. Cragg to £9O; B. Hill to £52 103. ; A. M. Kilburn to £ll3 (with extras as per scale) ; M. A. Simkin to £B3 ; A Perkihs to £5B ; E. Ellison to £47 10. ; J. Brown to £9O ; C. Edwards to £63; E. Simcock to £47 10e.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EVENING SCHOOL.

The following teachers were appointed for the evening schools :—J. F. Moulton,salary 81. per night ; J. Brown, 5. ; W. R. Joynson,sa. ; A. M. Kilburn.es. ; M. D.Robb, 4s. ; E. Ellison,3a. 6d. ; T. Bowyer, 2s. ed. ; J. Pritchard caretaker, 68. per week.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
HEA.TY SENTENCE ON A RUNCORN MOTHER.

EXPOSING HER CHILD.

• On Monday at the Runcorn Petty Sessions, Ellen Moran, a well-known character, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Bridge street, on Saturday night and also with exposing her child, John William Moran, in such a manner, as likely to cause him unnecessary suffering. P.C. Gregory said, that about 11.15 p.m. on Saturday he was standing near the Police Station. The prisoner came to him, in a very drunken state, and said she wanted lodgings. She was 'tarrying the child at the time. Prisoner fell on the steps and knocked the child's head. Witness examined the child, and found all its clething wet. A Miss Cooper was sent for; and she put fresh clothes on the little child ; Witnes4 often saw her with the child, (when it was raining) sitting in the streets. Prisoner only came out of prison on Friday, and was drunk the same night. The child who was only 8 months old, had spent almost the whole of his life in prison. On the suggestion of the magistrates Superintendent Okell withdrew the charge of drunk and disorderly. The Bench addressing the prisoner said, "you are one of those people who give the country a lot of trouble. With the hope of a longer sentence which we have power to give, with such labour as you are able to perform,we hope this is the last visit you will make to Runcorn." She was sentenced to .ix months' imprisonment. The prisoner on hearing the decision of the magis- trates began to cry and had to be forcibly taken out of the court.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN ADJOURNED LICENSING SESSIONS.

MONDAY.

Before Messrs. J. Brundrit (chairman), J. Handley, P. Speakman, S. Taylor, F. J. Norman and J. W. Lightburn.

TRANSFER.—Margaret Smith, of Ship Inn, Heath-road, widow of the late occupier, applied for permission to sell on the premises in lieu of her husband until the next transfer day. Tha application was granted. BILLIARD LICENSE.—Mr. Burton applied for a billiard license on behalf of Thomas Fearnett, licensed refresh- ment house keeper, High-street. He said his client had occupied the present house for seven years,his character was satisfactory and no complaints had been made by the police. Mr. Orme proved publishing the usual notices and Mr. Fearnett said the house was rated at £3l 10s. The license was granted,

===== 0002601_18960926_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
AN OFF BEER LICENSE REFUSED.

Mr. Arthur Browne. solicitor, Warrington,said he was instructed to apply for two separate licenses one an out door beerhouee,and the other a wine lioense on behalf of George Partington,grocer,Balfour-street, Runcorn.—Mr. Browne continuing said their worships would remember the same application was made by him a month age ; but he came on different merits than before and to offer certain facilities. He was prepared to give up certain houses if their worships granted the off beer license. On the last occasion whilst' the bench were privately con- sidering their decision, Superintendent Okell suggested that Messrs. Greenell. Whitley, and Co., of Wilderspool Brewery,Warrington,should purchase the house and give up licenses of other places in the eentre of the town, where; there were so many. The suggestion of the superintendent was carried to the officials of the Brewery Company, with the result that the com- pany had agreed to buy the premises, conditionally to the licence being granted, and to give up the licences of other houses in the centre of the town. The district in which Mr. Partington's shop was situated was in Higher R ncorn and was a residential portion. There were 476 voters in the ward, which only contained one fully licensed house. The name of the house was the Traveller's Rest. If the Bench granted the licence for beer, they were bound to grant the wine licence, if the necessary qualifications were proved. Mr. Browne pointed out that a number of respectable workingmen, residing in the locality were unable to obtain beer with- out either going themselves or sending their wives and children to the public house some 400 yards away. William Partington said, he occupied the premises in Balfour-road, his wife was the owner. Since the last application, he had entered into an agreement for the sale of the house to Messss. Greenall and Co. The only beerhouee was the Traveller's Rest. There were in the ward 476 voters on the parochial list. Witness produced a memorial in favour of the application containing 182 signatures. He personally saw the greater portion of them signed. Peter Radford,Lightburn-street, fitters' labourer, said his house was over 400 yards away from a public inn. It was not possible for him to get a glass of beer in his dinner hour if he wanted one. He had no interest what- ever in the application. Witness went round and helped to get the signatures on the memorial. They had (out of the number of people they went to) only six refusals. _

William Lewis,Chaucer-st., George Baker, Lightburn- street, and James Sadler, Balfour-street, spoke in favour of the application. Mr. William Sutton, assistant overseer produced the rate book and said the assessment of the house was £25 gross ; and £22 net. Mr. Browne mentioned the licenses it was proposed to give up (providing' the present application be granted). The were viz.: The Three Crowns beerhouse in Cooper- at. and the Rose and Shamrock, Water-st. Superintendent Okell on behalf of the police, said there was no objection on the conditions promised. Mr. Browne said they would give such an undertak- ing. The magistrates then retired, and on returning into court Mr. Brundrit said they had given the appli- cations their most c treful consideration and bad come to the conclusion to refuse the beer license. The wine license was granted. A TRANSFSR.—AIbert Griffith applied for the transfer of ti:e Oddfellows Arms, ihellingtm-st. The application was granted.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
PEAItSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY LIMITED.

The report of the directors of this company for the past year was issued on Saturday. The directors say:— The profits for the year ending June 30, 1896, amount to £18.320 15s. Bd., aad the balance brought torward from last )par is £R,562 103. 6d., together £26,883 6s. 2d. lire direetora rcummend that the preference dividend at the rite oil 6 per cent per annum be paid on the A shares up to December 31, 1895, but the present stateof the accaunts does not, in their opinion, warrant any farther distribution. The directors also recommend thAt £5,000 be added to the depreciation fund, and that t',e balance, £9,256 14s. 2d., be carried forward to the next account. It has been found necessary to make considerable additions to the machinery and appliances tor dealing with the coal on the surface at the lace collieries, and modern screens, elevators, &c., have been erected at most of the pits. The expenditure on this aceeunt falling within the year has amounted to £6.159 84. 9d, Important alterations are also in progress at rile ironworks, but being incomplete these are only pfrtially dealt with in tbe present account. To put the c. mpany into a better position to meet the continually increasing cmpetition in both home and foreign nett kets,the directors are of opinion that it will be neces- sary to incur at an early date further expenuitnre at both i collieries and ironworks, and they have uuder consideration the question of raising the requisite funds by the issue of debentures, due notice of which will be given. Au improved demand in some department of the iron trade has enabled the directors to restart a portion ut till Wigan works, the stoppage of which was referred oin the last report. The position of the coal trade during the whole of the past year has been most unsatis- iactory. Both prices and demand have constantly declined, so that the working of this departmeWl has lava altogether unprofitable,and the prospect at present glocanyland uncertain. The iron, steel, and engineer- ing trades have benefited to some extent by the better commercial position of the country generally, but the ) ear's trade has been carried on under great ;difficulties.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL HARVEST FESTIVALS.

CAIRO•STEET CHAPEL, WARRING TON.

On Sunday, the annual harvest thanksgiving services in connection with the above place of worship were held and the pulpit was occupied morning and evening by the pastor, the Rev. W. H. Drummond. The interior of the building was skilfully and testetully decorated for the occasion, and presented a very attractive appearance. The treatment of the pulpit was particularly effective. The musical portion of the services was in every way commendable. Mr. James Muir was at the organ, and in the morning the choir nave an excellent rendering of the anthem, " Lord how mindful," while that selected for the evening was " While the earth remaineth." Appropriate harvest hymns were also sung. It may be interesting to note that the new form of service was used for the first time on Sunday. Mr. Drummoad explained that many ef the prayers were those that had been used in the ancient church, and in the early English Church, and that they had been handed down from generation to generation, and were such as could be used in that chapel, seeing that they had been a help to Christians of all ages. The prayers in the fourth service had been compiled by Dr. Martineau. The preacher, in the even- ing, took for his text the words, " Lift up your eyes, and look on the fields: for they are white already to harvest," St. John iv. 35. He showed the different ways in which men viewed the world, and also the man- ner in which Christ viewed it. He was always going forth giving Himself to ethers in love and sympathy,and it was that quality which He always tried to inspire ia His disciples. He wou'd teach them to look at the world through His eyes, to view it as He viewed it ; to use its opportunities as He used them. To Him there was a divine call to duty OR every side, and to be a Christian was to share the spirit of Jesus Christ. To share His spirit was to have a life open to all the finer opportuni- ties of the world—to go forth into the world and reap the harvest fields. And life was full of these invitations of God. Allusion was made to the work of the scholar, the reformer, and the scientific observer, and Mr. Drum- mlnd observed that no one could look forth upon this world, and come into contact with human life, withetit being conscious of the great seed there was of His life to spend itself ia doing good to others. That night they might say that they entered upon their winter's work in that church after the long summer days. They entered upon it with new opportunities, with wider possibiliqes of usefulness, and all around them there were seen, women, and children who needed the work and influence which they could bring to bear upon them. To theta in that place there was coming the divine call to gl forth into the harvest fields which were already white, and waiting for them. BOLD-STREET WESLEYA.N CHURCH, WARRINGTON. - - -

The annual harvest—t-hanksgiving services were held in the above place of worship on Sunday. The chapel had been tastefully and skilfully decorated for the occa- sion by several young lady members of the congregation with fruit and other koautiful specimens of the season's offerings, the whole presenting a most pleasing appear- ance. The anthem, " Put on thy strength," was very well rendered by the choir in the evening, Mr. Peter Harrison ably presiding at the organ. The pulpit was occupied by the Rev. G. Hariottle, who took as his text the last verse ef the cxxvi. realm, "lie that path forth and weepeth. bearing precious seed, shall doubtless come again with rejoicing, isringing his sheaves with him." The rev. gentleman spoke of the ,harvest that would come when the great day of judgment arrived, and urged his cengregation to prepare themselves for it. ST. MART'S cuußcry, SANKET. On Sunday the annual harvest thanksgiving services were held in St. Mary's Church, Sankey. The church was, as in former years, beautifully decorated, and drew many visitors. There were three services,the Vicar, Rev. E. S. Jackson,offieia- tine morning and evening, and the ley. J. R. Jones at the afternoon service. Special hymns were sung. At the afternoon service the children brought offerings ot flowers and these were collected and afterwards were forwarded to the Warrington Infirmary. The choir rendered the anthem " What shall I render to the Lord in the evening in a very clever manner, the cola being taken by Miss Ray. The decoration of the church was undertaken by the Misses Jaans,Warburton, Faircloogh, Gorse,and Foster. The collections amounted en Sunday to £22 4s. 6d. for the three services.

WESLEYAN CHURCH, PADGATE. The harvest thanksgiving services were held in the Wesleyan Church, Padgate, on Sunday, when the pulpit was occupied by the Rev. W. G. Triggs, of Warrington. In the morning the words chosen for the text were, " hind it came to pass when Israel was strong that they put the Canaanitos to tribute, and did not utterly drive them out." Judges i. 28. In the afternoon an address was given by Mr. Walter Brough,of Sankey Bridges, and Sankey's hymns were sun: by the cheir and congrega- tion. Two solos "The singer and his song " and " Ashamed of Jesus "were effectively rendered by Miss Brough ; and Miss Morrell recited " 'The last hymn." The service was conducted by the Rev. W. G. Triw'gs. In the evening the minister based his sermon on the words" Be not deceived; God Is not azocked : for what- soever a man soweth,that shall he also reap." Galatians vi. 7. An anthem " The eyes of all wait en Thee, 0 Lord " was rendered by the choir, Miss Mason, Miss M. Pearce,and Mr. E Pearce taking the trio. The church was most tastefully decorated with cern, towers' fruit, &c., reflecting great credit upon those who had kindly undertaken the work. The congregations were large at all the services, especially in the evening, when the church was crewde.l. Miss J. Bennett presided at the organ at each service. The offertories at the close of each service were in aid of the special circuit expenses, and amounted to £8 Is. ORFORD.

The harvest thanksgiving services at Orford Church were held en Sunday. The churel had been beautifully decorated by Mrs. Bramont, Mrs. Hartwright, Mrs. and Miss Pollitt, Mrs. and Misses Corbett, Mr., Mrs., and Misses Cann, Miss Smith, Miss Monks, Miss Massey. Miss Woods, Miss Melbourne, Miss Woo'trier, Mrs. Berry, Miss Maggie Richardson, the Misses Fisher, Miss jolley, Miss Henshall, Mr. John Richardson. and Mr. Henshall. In the chancel were fruit, flowers,:and plants all tastefully arranged, and the other parts of the church had net been neglected by the decorators. The morning service was conducted and the sermon preached by the Rev. W. R. ffartwright, curate-in-charge. The harvest festival, the rev. gentleman said, was a season of joy and thank- fulness, both spiritually and materially. It was a season of joy spiritnally because it manifested forth with no uncertain voice the gcodness, kindness,and case of God. It showed them that though God was invisible yet He was ever providing and caring for thern,His people here below. The choir sang the anthem commencing" Lard how manifold are Thy works" (Barnby). At the even- ing servies there was a crowded congregation, when the Rev. E. J. Willcocks, headmaster of the Warrington Grammar School. occupied the pulpit. The anthem at this service was" Fear not, 0 laud" (Caleb Simper),the tenor solo being taken by Mr. William Richardson. Soecial hymns were sung throughout the day, and offertories taken in behalf of the Church Improvement Fund. Mr. John Cann was at the organ.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
WESLEYAN CHAPEL, PENKETEL

The annual harvest thanksgiving services in connection with the above chapel were held en Sunday and the preceding Thursday. The chapel was very tastefully decorated, more elaborate preparation being made this time than in former years. The decora- tions were the work of the choir and Sunday school teachers. The ferns and plants had bees lent by Mr. R. Garnett, J.P. The Rev. W. Potts conducted all the ser- vices, and his sermons were very suitable, and much enjoyed. Special harvest hymns were sung and two anthems were rendered b; the choir in an efficient manner. Mr. Wigfield presided at the organ. There were large attendances at all the services.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
LYMM.

The annual harvest Chir-ais-ciiving festival In connec- tion with the Lymrn Congregational Church was held on Sunday, when the services, both morning and evening, were taken by the Rev. Mr. Gregory. Special anthems and hymns were sung by the choir under the direction of Mr. James Astley, and Mr. Albert Leather presided at the organ. The church was prettily decorated by Misses Moston, Stone, Nelly Ardern, Mrs. and Miss Astley, and Messrs. James Hewitt, William Percy,and Frank A rdern. —The annual harvest thanksgiving services of the Lynam Primitive Methodists was held in their chapel, Eagle-brow, Lynam, on Sunday, when the sermons were preached by Mr. Snaith. The chapel was suitably decor- ated for the occasion by MiESPS Barnsley, Shore, K. Guest, Appleton, Smith, and Mr. W. Moss. On Monday evening a service of song was given under the leader- ship of Mr. Thomas Appleton, when the connective read- ings were given by Mr. G. L. Welford.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOT/SALL.

It was a pity for the Wiganites who opened thcir ground on Saturday that they had such an unfavour- able day. The day was wretched throughout ; there was heavy thunder, with rain coining down in torrents. It could rightly be said, tha it was no day to play foot- ball.

The Runcornites rsached Wigan in eood time, with their usual team,and notwithstanding the heavy showers the teams took up their positions on the field. When the ball was set rolling, the visitors showed a marked improvement, in their forward play. Robinson was several times conspicuous by his mode of tackling, whilst Butterworth in grand style, marked the home centres. There was nothing scored when half-time was called. The sodden condition of the ground and the, slippery nature of the ball was no doubt the cause of

In the second half, Runcorn began tq work well to- gether. About twenty minutes irom the restart Butter- worth broke away, seorod a splendid try, and so put the visitors in a leading posicion. Be was loudly cheered by the spectators, for the einart way in which he got possession of the leather, and shot away with the home men at his beets.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
EXTRAORDINARY LOCAL CLERICAL k`,•CANDAL.

SERIOUS ALLEGATIONS AGAINST CANON DODD.

At a special meeting of the Chester Consistory Court on Wednesday in the Refectory, Chester Cathedral, Lhancellor Espin sat, with Revs. Canons NV. Symonds (Stockport), and Hignett, Rev. and Hon. C. F. Croes,and Messrs. Duncan Graham and C S. Rouudell as assessors, to hear complaints brought under the Clergy Discipline Act, 1892, against the Rev. Canon Dodd, vicar of Stret- ton, near Warrington, for the last twenty-eight years. The allegations were that on the 4th May last he was guilty of immoral conduct by speaking ribald or indecent language to Amy Dooley, wife of James Dooley, Pepper- ste,Appletom, near Warrington ; that between the Ist January and May 4th he was guilty of immoral conduct, acts and habit, with Annie Jones, a servant girl at the vicarage, of Appleton Cross; and that between the 3rd end 13th May he was guilty of immoral acts and conduct by kissing Sarah Perrin, another servant girl at the vicarage, of Salisbury- street, Warrington. The Bishop of Chester was the preeecator,and Mr. E. N. Lloyd, barrister, appeared for him, instructed by Mr. E. S. Giles. The defendant was represented by Mr. F H. Mellor, barrister, London, in- structed by Messrs. Greene!! and Buckton, Warrington. Mr. Lloyd havine opened the case, Amy Dooley stated that shortly after she was married by the defendant he called upon her, closed the doer be- hind him, and attempted te kiss her, saying " Good morning, Amy." He put his arm round her, and said that as vicar he was entitled to a kiss. She complained at the vicarage next day.—Mary Lee,Appleton, deposed to receiving a eomplaint from Mrs. Dooley about the conduct of the vicar.—Mrs. Cooper (Mrs. Dooley's mother) stated that she was present at the interview at the vicarage when her daughter complained to Mrs. Dodd about having been insulted. Canon Dodd denied having insulted her, but said if she had taken what had been said as an insult he would apologise. He denied having made certain suggestions about her daughter.— Thomas Doeley,complainent's husband,in cross-examin- ation, refused to say whether a question arose at his marriage as to his real name. The second case was then gone into. Annie Jonee said she was sixteen last April. She entered defendant's service last December, and in about a week Canon Dodd took her on his knee and kissed her. A week later,when in his study, he again took her on his knee and behaved improperly towards her. 'This happened several times, ' Once he tried to put her on his bed in his dressing room. She did not know what the date was. He gave her E.,. once and two half-crowns afterwards. After she had left his employ he broueht to her home her month's salary, although she had only worked a fortnight. He also gave her 2s. 6,1. after he had b-haved improperly to her. She was dismissed on a charge of having stolen several articles which were found in her roem.—Cross-exam- ined Witness did not remember that she was threatened witn disnsissal the first week she was at the vicarage for dishonesty and lying, or that the Canon interceded as , she was young and she was kept on. She never made a coraplaint to anyone except to Mrs. Seiratt, a char- ' woman. She saw Dr. Moberley at her mother's house, and the question was then raised for the first time as to the Cason's conduct.—Elizabeth Spratt depesed to receiving the complaint.—The gin's mother and grand- mother gave evidence, the latter stating that she first heard of the affair through rumour in the village. The third case was that brought by Sarah Perrin, a. servant who fellowed Jones, and who stated that defen- dant kissed her three times in the first fortnight. One morning he kissed her on the back of the neck and said, " You have pretty hair and soft cheeks, and are a very nice girl." She told him she did not want him to do that. When she was putting the Canon's slippers on he pulled the back of her dress. She pulled the dress out oh' his hand, and next morning she left the house, telling her mistress that she could not stay any longer in con- sequence of the Canon's conduct. Mr. Mellor, addressing the court for the defence, said that he knew of no case that was so difficult to deal with as line of that description. He pointed out that Canon Dodd had lived with his family many years at Stretton. It seemed to him to be an extraordinary thine ef a mau of the defendant's experience, as was alleged, should have been such a fool as to give himself away by assaulting girls. Referring to the charge made by Mrs. Doeley, he said the Canon had officiated at her wedding and subsequently in the vestry questioued her husband respecting his name. Her story was that Cannon Dodd at ten o'clock in the moraine went straight to her house, and seeing her said " G-oect mernine, Amy ; " and then having closed the door committed the assault upon her. Now, although perhaps some words uttered seemed to be ' unfortunate, they were very natural and ordinary, and he (Mr. Mellor) felt that the eourt would give his client the benefit of a pure mind. A De. Moberley, who had interested himself in the case, had raked up these charges, and had actually written to the Bishop about the time when he (ler. Moberly) was visiting the canon's house partaking of his hospitality and enjoying lawn tennis. He felt sure that when the court sifted the whole •f the case it woeld be seen that it had been get up through Dr. Meberley. The canon denied ever as- saulting Mrs. Dooley or using °Nemo language to her. In the case of Annie Jones, he did not believe that the court would believe anythicg she had said. If a story told by a person was to be believed the conduct of that person should be above reproach, but after the girl had been in Mrs. Dodd'e serviee a week she was detected stealing some articles. She was accused of the thefts by Mrs. D.xid, who said she should leave in coneequence of it. But the canon interceded for the girl, and per- auaded his wife to give her another trial. The girl's story was that from that very day until she left her ser- vice the canon assaulted her in various wave. There were, however, no dates given, and flaking upon which the prosecution could rely. The canon also denied interfering with her indecently. She had not even complained to her mother. Counsel contended that the girl's story was unworthy of belief, and that it was sot supported by a tittle of evi- deac,e. Dealing with the third ease, he remarked that Sarah Perrin appeared to be a respectable eirl, but the most that she said and complained to her mother about was that Canon Dodd had kissed her on two occasions. He admitted to do Puce a thing as that was indiscreet. She was only fifteen or sixteen years old. Undoubtedly Canon Dodd had said all along that he did kiss her; bat he did not do anything approaching the slightest inde- eency. She had told Mrs. Dodd that she liked living at the vicarage,but the canon had kissed her and she didn't like it. It was said that the canon had taken hold of her dress, but he argued there was nothing indecent about that.

Chancellor Espin remarked that it was said the canon kissed the girl three times.

Mr. Mellor said that the kissing might be indiscreet and improper, but the canon was charged in the com- plaint with indecency. Kissing could not be said to be an act of indecency. Canon Dodd was then called. He stated he had been vicar of Stratton twenty-eight years, and had been for sixteen years a canon of Chester Cathedral. He had held other appointments including that of proctor at the Convocation of Yerk. The first he heard of any com- plaint aeainst himself was when Mrs. Dooley came to his house. He heard her complaint, denied committing any assault, and said that if he had done anything which might be considered wrong he was fully prepared to apologise. He remembered when she was married,and after questioning Mr. Dooley about his name, a person present gave him a different name. He visited Mrs. Dooley, and in the course of some conversation said "I suppose you knew the old Cheshire custom that all brides kiss the parson?" at which she laughed. He denied attempting to kiss her or assault her : but he asked her how her husband was getting on because he 'mew he was of intemperate habits. He denied using ribald or indecent language te her. He also gave a denial to the allegation made by the girl Jones, whilst he admitted having given Perrin " the most innocent kiss in the world." le cross-examination, witness said he could not say when it occurred to him that Mrs. Dooley had been act- ing with a wicked motive. When Mrs. Dooley came to the vicarage he honestly believed that she imagined that she had been insulted. The story told by Annie Janes was utterly and entirely false, and invented out of a spirit of revenge in consequence of her being discharged. She was both dishonest and untruthful while in his em- ploy. On the first occasion of her dishonesty he inter- ceded with Mrs.Dodd for her. 'lhat was the only occasion on which he kissed the girl, and then she was crying bitterly. Mr. Lloyd: Is it a common occurrence to kiss a do- mestic servant in this way P—Certainly not.—Then, in reference to Annie Jones, there was a special occasion for it ?—Yes.—And that was the occasion ot the girl be- ing discharged ?—Yes,l felt sorry for her ; she was cry- ing very bitterly,and as she was a mere child I patted her on the shoulder,and kissed her on the forehead. I did nothing else. Cross-examination continued.—When the girl was dis- charged, he did not pay her more than her wages. He thought a woman like Mrs. Dooley, who could have been under the impression that he had insulted her and used improper language to her, was capable of saying and inventing anything, and adhering to it for months after she invented it. He had no reason to think Sarah Perrin was not a respectable woman. Mrs. Dedd was then called, and related what took place in the vicarage when Mrs. Cooper and Mrs. Dooley came to make their complaint. After hearine what Mrs. Dooley had to say, Canon Dodd said, "Woman, what can you mean? You have put a perfectly wrong interpretation on what I said." He added afterward" "If you think I have been rude to you in any way I etn extremely sorry ; that is all I have to say." Canon Dodd did not stop them speaking, and they left of their own initiative. They made no complaint to witness of actual indecency. Witness then gave evidence as to the dishonesty and untruthfulness of 'Llie girl Annie Jones. The girl Annie Perrin complained to witness that Canon Dodd had kissed her, and said she did not approve of it, and would rather leave. She left the same day. She never complained te witness about Canon Dodd moving her dress, or anything of the kind. Further evidence of a similar nature tending to dis- credit the girl Jones's story having bean given, Mr. Mellor called witnesses to speak to the high clair- acter of Canon Dodd.

I After about half a dozen witnesses had given such ! testimony, The Chancellor interposed remarks that further evid- ence of the kind was superfluous. The court had no doubt about the character of Canon Dodd. His public position in the diocese, and the fact that he had been elected by his brethren time after time to represent them at Convocation, placed that beyond doubt. Mr. Mellor and Mr. Lloyd having delivered their 1 addresses, the court adjourned, and after a deliberation in private lasting about balf-an-hour, returned to the refectory.—The Chancellor said the curt had given very 1 .careful and conscientious attention to the evidence that had been laid before them, and it was with great pain 1 and reluctance that they felt it to be their unavoidable duty to declare that the whole of the three charges had been proved. It would be now for him to consider what recommendation he must offer to his lordship the bishop as to the proper method of dealing with this case, and he proposed to do so in the Consistory Court at two o'clock next day. JUDGMENT: SENTENCE DEFERRED.

On Thursday afternoon, at the conclusion of the or- dinary business of the Consistory Court, Chancellor Espin proceeded to read his judgment. Canon Dodd was pr.sent, and the attendance also included Mr. Greenall, his solicitor, and Mr. Giles. the Bishop's solici- tor.

The Chancellor read a long official report of the in- quiry, and said he had had the assistance of five pains- taking assessors—three of them brother clergymen in- the diocese and two of them experienced county magistrates. After carefully weighing the evidence and making due allowance for the fact that some of the witnesses for the prosecution and especially those under the second charge, were open to tne observation that it was necessary to take their evi- dence with caution, the Court was of opinion that each of the three charges had been preyed. The Act of 1892 had the sanction of the two Convocations, and therefore might be deemed to have ecclesiastical as well as statut- able standing. He should notify to the Bishop that the defendant had been found guilty and what sentence should be passed. The case was a very painful one, especially considering the long standing of the defendant in the dkcese. Under the Act special regard had to be had in such cases to the parish or place concerned, and not to precedents in the way of punishments. Sentence would be pronounced on a later date to be notified. Defendant must be condemned to pay the costs of the prosecution.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. GLADSTONE AND THE ARMENIANS.

GREAT SPEECH AF LIVERPOOL

Several thousand persons assembled at Hangler's Cir- cus, Liverpool, on Thursday afternoon te hear Mr. Glad- stone's speech on the Turkish atrocities, and the right hoe. gentleman on arriving at the meeting, accompanied by Mrs. Gladstone, was received with immense enthu- siasm. The Earl of Derby (Lord Mayor of the city) pre- sided. The following resolution was proposed by Mr. E. Lawrence, seconded by Mr. E. Ev.ins, jun.,supported by Mr. Warr (Conservative member for Eset Toxteth) and Sir E. R.Russell,and carried with acclamation :—" That this meeting desires to express its indignation and abhorrence of the cruel treatownt to .‘ hi ,:14 the Armen- ian Christians are beiog subjected by their Turkish rulers and the maseacres which have recently taken place at Constantinop:e, which are a disgrace to the civilisation of the nineteenth century." Mr. Gladstone, on rising, was again greeted with prolonged cheers. He said he made no claim to autturity in any shape; he came to that meeting as a loyal sub- ject of her Majesty, and as their fellow towns- man. They stood that day on a higher platform thab that of party,and he thought they would find,when in the course of time they were made more largely ac- quainted with the inner relations of Governments in the transactions of the last two years, that the present de- plorable situation, to whomsoever it might be due, was not due either to the act or default of the Government ,ot this great country. This was no crusade against Mahometanism ; it was no declaration of universal con- , demnation of the Mahometan and the Turkish Empire. After expressing the hope that it would not be too easily , assumed that in the attitude and tone aisumed by several 'of the Continental Governments those Govern- , ineuts were the faithful representatives of the , people whom they ruled, the right hon. gentleman said the distinction of the massacres of Constantinople as compared with those that had taken place before was not in their moral Manly. It was in this, that ti all the ether dreadful manifestations, which had formerly been displayed in the face of the world there was added con- summate insolence. Translate the acts of the Sulta n into words,end they become these :—" I have tried your patience in distant places ; I will try it under your eyes. I have desolated my provinces; I will now desolate my capital. I have found that your sensitiveness has nut been effectually provoked by all that I have hitherto done. I will come nearer to you, and ste whether by vicinity I shall or shall not awake the wrath which has slept so long." Some of it had been awakened. To what extent? The weakness of diplomacy, he trusted, was now about to be strength- ened by the echoes of a nation's voice. The Sultan had paraded massacre under the eyes of the representetives of every Court in Europe. He remained unpunished and intact, and boldly asserted his innocence and his merit. , Was not that exactly the position in which lie might expect that he would go forward? He (Mr. Gladstone) thought that usually the Concert of Europe bad failed in what was known as the Eastern Question, and that in the present instance the Powers collectively had undergone miserable disgrace. He did not partition that disgrace. He had expressed his strong hope that it would be found that our Government was not the party that had brought such a result upon us. But we had arrived at a point at which it had become neces- sary to strengthen the bands of the Executive Government by an expression of the national will. In his opinion the presence of the six Powers at Constantinople and of the ambas- sadors of the Sultan in the Turkish capital during those massacres had worked as a dis ilia countenance and support of the Sultan, and had carried to the general mind of Europe the belief that the differences between them and the Sultan were matters to be arranged by a few amicable exchanges of courtesies and argument. It was in these circumstances that the citizens of Liver- pool were asked to pass the resolution which he now I moved :—That this meeting trusts her Majesty's Ministers, realising to the fullest extent the terrible condition in which their fellow- Christians are placed, will do everything pos- sible to obtain for them full security and protection,and this meeting assures her Majesty's. Ministers that they may rely on the cordial support of the citizens of Liverpool in whatever steps they may feel it necessary to take for that purpose.' Although the resolution did not express it, yet it was not the intention of the meet- ing, he thought, to express a desire that everything that in the nature of things was abstractly possible should be done. The rules of prudence must be observed, and the rules ef prudence, he thought, neither required nor permitted, nor did duty, in his opinion, either require or permit, that we, for the sake of the great object we had in view, should place ourselves in a condition of war with united Europe, or should take measuies which would plunge Europe generally into a irate of war. But while he fully admitted and recog- nised that the possible measure need not include a policy which gave just cause of complaint to the Powers of Europe, he old not admit that we ought to forego our own convictions or duty in taking measures that we might be said to feel opporune. Whilst he admitted that it was of the utmost importance that we should study every means ef consulting the sentiment of cthpr Powers and of carrying them along with us, he did not believe that the way to carry them along with us was to show a servile let:lenination under all circumstances, and whatever they might decide, to make their conscience beforehand the measure of our own. We were entitled to threaten Turkey with coercion, which, judiciously applied, had eften been the means of averting war. The first thing to do would be to require Turkey to fulfil her treaty obligations. If that step failed, the next step •should he to recall the Briti-h Anib4ssador from Constantinople and to dismiss the turkish Ambas- sador from London. He should then propose that, on this suspension of diplomatic relations, England should inform the Sultan that she intended to take into con- sideration the means of enforcing her just, legal, and humane demands. 'll.is should be ace. mpanied by declaration that on no account woul I we turn a war to our own private and particular advantage, and if things came to th's point he did not be- lieve that any part ot Europe would make war to ensure a continuance of inesQacres more terrible than had ever been recorded in the dismal and deplorable history of human crime. The right bon. gentleman spoke for an hour and twenty minutes, and when he sat down the resolution he proposed was seconded and passed amid cheers.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL NEWS.

In important case, brought forward by the Inland Revenue, was heard at Darlington Bllice Court on Mon- daN . Alfred Lord, a canvasser for a sewing machine company, who travelled the district around Darlington in a conveyance, wa% summoned for hawking without a license. 11-. was admitted that he disposed of machines, but the contention was that he came under ettemption frun the Hawker's Act as a commercial traveller far the manufacture of the maciiinea. After hearing argu- ments, the Bench fined Lord £2 for hawking without a license. Mr. Wansbrough,of London, who appeared for the company,stated that that firm alone had over 4,000 men similarly employed in various parts. He asked for a case tor a higher curt, which was granted.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
BAPTIST CHAPEL, HILL CLIFF.

The autumnal libryiccs in connection with this chapt-1 weie beta on Sunday, when two 85rm:3ns were priAc;)€d by the Rev.S.R.A.Hridge,B.A.., of Southport. The collections, which w..re in aid of the church funds, amounted to 53. There were good cengrealio-ie.

Ibberttstment6 not elasslftetl•

VIADUCT INSTITUTE TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION COMMITHIR.I BARLBSTOWN.

SPECIAL,,NOTICR.

150 STUDENTS REQUIRED

For the linderraeationed Subjects.

The Committee are desirous of continuing Classes in : COMMBRC AL CORRESPONDENCB, ENGLISH, BOOK- KEEPING, and SHORTHAND.

And also of est,blishing Classes in :—CHEMISTRY. ARITHMETIC, ALGEBRA, MEN-JURATION, FRENCH, and DRAWING—PREP. ATO ItY SreGH—(Leading up to the Requirements ot the Science and Art Department.)

They cannot, however, this Session, arrange for suitable Teachers in these subjects unless 150 individual Students are Registered on or before the 30th instant.

Full particulars as to fees etc, may be obtained at the Insti- tute this (Friday), evening from 7-39 to 9.30.

ERGaS TEE EARLY.

T. ORMOND, Secretary.

SAI L I NGS TO NORTH WALES By Steamer SNOWDON.

This Steamer will Sail (weather permitting) on SATURDAY NEXT, 26th inst., at 2 p.m., for LL &NDUDNO, arriving back about 8 p.m. On StrYDLT, 27th inst., at 10 45 a.m., for LLANDUDNO and BEAUMARIS, arriving back about 7 p.m On TUESDAY, 29th inst • and EVERY DAY until SUNDAY. ()Ct. 4, at 11 a.m. for LLANDUDNO, arriving back about 6.30 p.m. Low Fares. For further particulars apply to W. H. DODD, 31, Tower buildings, Liverpool. Telephone 1585.

WANTED. a goo i General SHRVANT ; good character.— Apply 24, .13A.RLOW Mooi-aoart, Chorlton-cuaa-Hardy, Manchester.

WANTED, young GENERAL; must have good character; easy place; one child.—Apply Mrs. COOKE, Holly Cottage, Cheadle, Huime.

LAST TRIP OF SEASON.

SEA TRIPS. SEA TRIPS. THE FAST PADDLE SALOON STEAMER

FLYING FALCON Will Sail (circumstances permitting) from PRINCE'S LANDING-STAGR for SOUTHPORT and BACK on SUNDAY NEXT, 27th inst., at Three p.m., calling at New Brighton 15 minutes later, Returning from Southport Pier at Six p.m.. arriving back about Eight

RitTURN FARB„. Is. 6D. Refreshments on board at moderate charges. Office: 27, Water-street, Liverpool. Telephone 2334.

TO BB LET or SOLD a Cottage on half an acre of ground. 1. —Apply, WILLI&X HITGASS, Bytom, Baschurch, Salop.

WANTED. a Respectable GIRL, to train as Housemaid Waitress ; niust have a nice appearance, references in- dispensable.— 4, Mayfield-read, Graslendale.

T AMES' HAIR COMBINGS, which are often thrown LA away, or Hair Cut Of (only grey or white colours of either) bought and liberally allowed for; rernittince return post. —Send particalars, M., 50, LONDON-ROAD, Forest Hill London.

ANTHD, Situation as GROOM; single-handed or other- TVwise; ride. drive well, thoroughly expsrienced. age 21; good references.—Apply H. HARRISON. Norton, Market Drayton.

rrHE LICENSING ACTS 1872, 1874.-NOTICE IS 1 HEREBY GIVEN that a MERTING of the COUNTY LICENSING COMMITTEE for the Huntirell of West Derby will be held at The County Sessions House. Liverpool, on THUftSDAY, the Btlf day of October next, at 11 o'olock in the forenoon, for the purpose of confirrninT or otherwise the grants of new Licenses graated under the provisions of the Licensing Acts 1872, 1874. _ _

Dated ills 21st day. of September, 1896. FRED. C. MILTON, Olerk of the Peace

AATANTBD, Exp‘rienced Hn USHMAID WAITRESS ;. Rood references, state religion, age. wages Lc., to Mrs BAnoswELL, Larkfield, Southport, Lancashire.

-10101ATCHWOHY. —5O New large Flushes, Velvets. Silks is. 9d. Crazy, 100 9d. ; 200 Is. aI.—BARRA, Roweliffe Cottage, Mountsorrel, Loughborough.

D UNCORN.—TO LET or for SALE old-established non, It, and Fruit Ship, 39, lirtrton-st.; late (Ampler retiring from businew—Apply DITCKETT, Church-st.

WANTED, a SHARP GIRL about 14. to learn the Tobacconist's Business.— 5,117,0 R, 33, Iriam-street, Warrington.

FIM PRIERS and the trade supplied; hesdless haddocks front 10d. per stone; mixed fish from Sc. per kit ; rood value or money return fd.—J. GILLESPIE, Pontoon. Grimsby.

WARRINGTON SCHOOL OF ART.

ANNUAL EXHIBITION OF STUDENTS' WORK is now open and until SA.TURDAY, October 3rd,at the MUSEUM, Bold-st. ; ten a.m. to nine p.m. on Monday, Wednesday. Thursthy, ansl Saturday.

WAR NlNGTON.—Cornfort‘ble HOUSB, lobby, parlour, kit.then, scullery, 3 good bedrooms. heat 43. 64. Key, S. Ferrell-street, Howley-lane.

WARRINGTON. —Comfortable HOUSE ; lobby, parlour. kitchen. scullery. 3 good bedrooms. Rent 4s. 6d. Key 27, Hoyle-street, Bewaey-road. WANTS)). a good. steady, all round PORK /31.7tCHER ; well up in the trade.—Address, JAMES BolaDmlti, Pork Butcher, Radcliffe.

WANT HD.—Mareh and April Pullets, Lithern and Mity,rca, e. oases ; state prim—Tao/tall EDMOND- SON. Houghton Gretm, Warrington.

GBNERAL (good), ab:e to wash, &c.; pod wages.-20, Woodland-terrace. Higher Broughton, Manchester.

DANCIMASONIC HALL, BOLD-STRIL ET WA.RRINGTON.

MRS. COLE'S CLAiSES RE-OPEN OCTOBER 21st. Juniors, 6to 8. Adults. Btolo p m. For terms and particu- lars address 11, Brougham Terrace, Liverpool.

WANTRD SiTUATION as Sewing-Mairi in gentleman's family. school or home ; age 23 ; 220 to £22.-ICF,. 21, Alexantha-street, Heowood, Ibiwood•

WANTED, Country Girt. age 17-13, as GnNERAL SERVANT; fuur in fmnil v, —Mrs. HERBERT CHESHIRE, 21, Wood Mannlngham, Bradford,

WANTING, a General SHRVANT. fond of children; state age, wage and experieno.e.—Apply. by letter. to Mrs.. B. nunarsoN, Ashfiel I House, EiniAll Bridge, Rochdale

EAL S'S Group & RHEUMATIC PILLS

S FFBEED AGONY FOR THIRTY YEARS.

EADH'S pLLs.

"30, Randall Street, Bridge Road. BAttersea, S.W., January 27, 1892. "Dear Si r,—l feel it my duty to write and give you great praise for introducing snob a valuable medicine as your Gout Pills.

EADE'S piLLs.

ADICS plus.

Having SUFFRIIRD UNTOLD AGONY FOR 30 YRARS. I can truly say I have never had anything to relieve my pain so quickly as your Pills. I used to lay in bed for two or tires months at a time, but now I not only get re- GOUT liet in a few hours but am able to get to work in less Rthan a week. complaint HEUMATISM is the worst of ail Gouts, caked Chalk Gout. --Yours lfi OUT truly, " W. LITTLELTOHN." RHEUMATISM Mr. G. Bade. EADE'S GOUT St RITEUMATIC PILLS

Prepared only by George Eade, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON. MC.; and Sold by all Chemists in Bottles. Is. lid., and 2s. 9d. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. THE BEST MEDICINE FOR BILE, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR WIND, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR INDIGEST I ON IS 14-U4 -1 ADE S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. _ .

They quickly reritove the irritation and feverish stote of the STOMACH, correct the morbid condition or reliev, the syste:not all impurities. venich. by circulating in the blood, hijuriou.ly :iffect the action of the KIDNEYS. and, t‘y removing the causes of so much discomfort restore the vital energies of Why and mind.

EA DE'S ANTIBILIOUS Solo by all Ohemists is. lid. and 9d. or. maili Free on rec Apt nt renatt.ao.co by CiEOllO.l-; 12, G():.4.WELL-ROAD, LONDON, B.C.

EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS

-ACCIOKNTs To I,ll'l' 1"1) Laldb• RAILWAY ACCIORNTS. BMPLOYBBS' LIABILITY. nstrßEl) .&eArNeT BY TEN

RAILWAY PASSEI\ GERS'

ASSURANCE Co. BeTsaLisul:p 1843. •FITAL 21,000.006. compioSATION PAID L. 3.500,000, 64, CORIIIiILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary.

3.(3111.T.ES ,Nlr. C. 3. HOLMIIB, Market Gate. N'ietoris }toad

===== 0002601_18960926_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
;dr. W.

L.:tchford

St, tin -"Ex.:kNIINER" OFFICE, FA INSTAKING PRINTERS are now-a-t.. sought to by business men who study • eta oconorn in elinnun;cemetits which they Wish the public fi lAlhe ; zsWl by Friendly Societies. Trade, Unions. Trad •ciations, and Companies in the caraul ortic .41 Itep,xtc Sbets; kb.: and by Mils! Al Unions, Pastort.. cud -Choir Con- ductors fix n• ruliy arrangea • P11.0(1)1A1V BOOKS OF woaos WINDOW FL:WARDS,

Mr. 3. E. 'LEACH. HarciEhaw-etre,,, Mr. ALFRND l. OUTTEget M. It.FINLOW.Rookerr Bricut

g As

.ly :tad tft.gt

- pv4t

===== 0002601_18960926_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
FURNISH AT

GOLDSTONE AYn SONS, THE RENOWNED HOUSE FURNISHERS, 115, 117, 119, OXFORD-ROAD (Opposite All Saints' Church), MANCHESTER. THE LARGEST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND FURNI- TURE IN THE NORTH OF ENGLAND. THE FINEST SHOW IN GREAT BRITAIN. ICTRI`IITUTtE BY DOVESTON. I FURNITURE BY LAMB. FURNITURE BY MAPLE. FURNITURE BY SHOOLBRED. FURNITURE BY GARNETT. FURNITURE BY POLLOCK, 3cc.. &C.

CPECIAL NOTICE.—The sevem Lots now on show and specified below are contents of very large and costly Furnished Houses, and the buying public would do well to view these specimens of High-cl.ss Furniture which we are now effering at less than one-half their actual cost. This is no idle brag. as the goods are there to be seen, and only want viewing to effect a speedy sale. Compare them with the common London rubbish now being so largely advertised.

NOTICE.—We Buy or Exchange Furniture to any amount. If you want to dispose of ny goods just write to us, and we shall send one of our valuers, who will at once give you a price for same. Distance no object. WE PAY CARRIAGE. ON ALL PURCHASES.

BARGAINS IN DINING-ROOM FURNITURE.—The contents of a Magnificent Room just purchase I by us, re-polished, re-upholstered, and quite equal to new, at quarter the cost. Solid Walnut Suite in rick claret colour. Moroccos, all hair-stuffed ; Large Couch, Pair of Easy Chairs, together v,ith 6 or 12 Smalls ; price 31 guineas ; cheap at £5O. N ery massive 6ft Sideboard to match, with very lofty back, fitted with numerous bevelled plates and shelves ; ot,ly asking £l4 lOs ; worth £25. Six-feet Dining Table, in solid wood, will seat 12 persons ; a marvel of cheapness at £2 15s ; worth £5. Large and massive Overmante.. with ten bevel plates and numerous shelves and br tckets, £2 lOs; worth £5. Any article as above can be bad separately, and cm be stored any time to suit purchasers. We'have also a grand Suite in rich Oriental saddlebags, with very handsome Easy Chairs' and Conch, will do either for dining or drawing-room ' • only asking 18 guineas; worth £3O. Splendid 51t solid Walnut Sideboard, with all the modern conveniences, with dazzling glass beck, standing nearly 12ft, high, worth fully £2O our price £8 155., a marvel of cheapness. Very nice Suite in Leather. all small chairs with padded ticks • wonderful bargain, £4 15s. Very good iiidetoard to match, .£4 15s ; and Dining Table, 355. Brass Durb, Fire Dogs, and Set Fire Brasses. complete, 25a; worth £2 10s. Grand Sii4eboard in Solid Oak, measuring nearly 7ft long, with very handsome carved panels, no maker's name on it, but we imagine it to be made by Lamb; could not be made under £5O; we want £24 lOs for it; well worth inspecting. Handst,me Suite in Solid Walnut, well upholstered in real skins and deep buttoned; very massive Couch, Pair of Large Easy Chairs, and 6 nice Smalls, in condition equal to new ; only £l4 14s. Another, in not so good a condition, the full 9 pieces, at £8 15s ; worth £3O.

GENUINE SECOND-HAND FURNITURE RY NOTED MAKERS. BARGAINS IN DRAWING-ROOM FURNITURE.—This department is filled to overflowing, and so full of Bargains that it would require the entire paper to enumerate them. We. however, mention a few of the best, which are as follow :—Elegant Rosewood, Inlaid Suite of nine pieces, up- holstered in very costly Geneva velvet, const4ing of yen,' pretty Double-ended Couch, Pair of Easy Chairs to match, 2 Fancy Oceasional Chairs, and 4 ordinary chairs, all hair- atuffed`and thoroughly well-finished; a bargain at £3O. A very handsome Suite, upholstered in very expensive silk, for £7 10s. Grand Suite in French Tapestry in very good inlaid mahogany frames, highly finished ; the Suite contains very large Chesterfield Settee. extraordinarily well upholstered ; 2 Easy Chairs, and 6 Smalls; cost over £6O; our price £2B 10s. Handsome Chippendale Drawing-room Suite in rich Silk, with Settee, 2 Easy Chairs, and 4 Occasionals ; very handsome CaNnet to match Suite and very nice Overrnantel. also 2 Fancy Occasional Tables ; well worth 2.55 ; our price 25 guineas. Well-made Drawing-room Suite in Solid Walnut Frames covered in terra-cotta covered velvet; price £8 15s. Cabinet to match £3 15s ; Overmantel 225; Fancy Table, 32s 6d. Handsome Suite in green velvet, solid frames; worth £l5 ; our price £6 15s. Very handsome sft Walnut Cabinet, with several shelves, cupboards, and numerous bevel plates; just been re-polished and re-modernised ; cost when new £32; ye want £l3 lOs for it ;rail and inspect. Very nice Walnut (Solid) Cabinet, n arly 4ft wide, fitted with cupboard and bevel plates, for 39, 6d. ; worth treble the price. Fancy Drawing-room Suites in every conceivable design and cover- ing. from £3 15s to 50 guineas. Rosewood,Chippendale, arm Walnut Overmantels to match Cabinets and Suites, from 129 6.1 to £l5. Fancy lables in every wood, from 7s 6d. Splendid lines in Brass, Black and Brass. Copper Curbs, in- every size. Rests and Fire Brasses to match, from 21s corn plete, to 210. Fancy Writing Tables, Ladies' Bureaus and everything for the Drawing-room.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERYTHING ON VIEW AS ADVERTISED.

BARGAINS IN BEDROOM FURNITURE. Very Massive Bedroom Suite in Solid Walnut, The Wardrobe is 71t. long, with numerous shaped bevel plates in doors, all interior fitted with drawers, cupboards, and hangings. The Dressing Table is full Cheval, with drawers down each side and plush- lined slipper box. Very handsome Washstand. measuring 4ft 6in, with marble and tiles in back, attached to Carrara marble ton. Large Pedestal Cupboard, Towel Airer, and 3 Walnut chairs, covered in blue silk plush. The Suite com- plete for 65 guineas; honestly worth £l5O ; delivered free Very handscme Solid American Walnut Sirte, beautifully carved ; large Wardrobe. with 2 plate-glass doors, all fitted inside; Pair of large-size Dressing Tables, 3 Cane Chairs, Pedestal Pot Cupboard. and Towel Airer a great bargain at £3O. Grand 6ft Bedroom Suite in solid walnut and Hungar- ian ash, with Pedestal Tables and the Usual Pieces ; cost in first instance £65 ; our price re-polished. £27 10s. Solid Ash Bedroom Suite, by Ogden, £l5 15s. Splendid Suite in polished walnut, consisting of large Wardrobe with Itevelle plate in door, pair of Toilet lables with Towel Airer al'achad, and 3 Cane Chairs, complete for 12 guineas : worth double. Very pretty Suite in white enamel, suitable for young lady's bedroom; all complete for £7 15s : wardrobe worth the money. One of the finest Pairs of sft Walnut Cheval Toilet Tables in Manchester has neen re polished, and better than new ; cost, in first instance £25 ; our price 10 guineas. Another Pair, rather smaller, for £6 15s. Another Pair; enemelled, for £3 15s. Plenty of other Suites in all wood, fro n £3 15s to £l5O.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
READ ON FOR MORE BARGAINS.

BARGUNS IN BRASS AND IRON BRDSTRADS.— This Department is really marvellous, and the prices quoted are a wonder how they can be done at the price. Full size Bedstead, very massive woven-wire mattress. wool over- lay pillows and bolsters, all for £2 15s. Grand All-Brass Bedstead, with massive pillars, little soiled, for £4 155 : well worth £lO. Black and Brass Italian Bedsteads, f rom 30s to £2O. Institute Bedsteads, with wire mattress attached,from 18s 6d, borne grand lines in Bedding, Full-size Bed, corn- pit te, from 9s 11d. Feather Beds, complete, grand quality at 355. Wool Pillows, from 9d. ?either Pillows at Is 11d. 2s 6d. 3s 11, up to Is 6d each. Wool overlays, full size, at 12s 6d up to 30s. Hair Mattress from 325 6,1. Wire-woven Mattress. fit any full-sized bedstead. from 103 6d, 15s 6d. 18s Ed, 215, up to 22 10s. Other Birgains too numerous to mention at Clearingoitt Prices. Call and inspect.

WONDERFUL BARGAINS IN MISCELLANEOUS FURNITURE.—SpIendid Dressers, all hard wood with lofty glass back, well worth £lO, for £4 15s. Solid Yahogany Dressers, with drawers and cupboards, from £3 les. A very massive Walnut Dresser, all solid, over 6ft long, with large glass back, all ly vel plates, numerous drawers and shelves ; our price only £lO 103 ; well worth £25. Painted Kitchen Dresser, wonderful line at IFs 64 ; another at £2 I.os ; larger at 23 53. Hair-seated Silas from 273 6d to £5. Leather Sofas and Couches from lOs 64 to 38s 6d. Mahogany Chairs, all solid, at 7s 64. Larze Di' trig Tables, all solid, to seat 12 persons at 28s 64 ; to seat 16, at za 2s. Ordinary Kitchen Tables from 7s 61, End everything for the Kitchen at greatly Reduced Prices. ALL GOODS DELIVERED FREE ANY DISTANCE. RAILWAY FARE PAID TO COUNTRY CUSTOMERS

G . OLDSTONE AND L'l ON THE MAMMOTH HOUSE FIJRNIiHER •, 115, 117, 119, OXFOR.D-STREET (Onposite All Saints' Church), Ii&NCHESTER.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
XA.JOR. W. H. WALKER'S APPROACH-

ING MARRIAGE.

The inhabitants of the village of Geteacre have ;wailed themselves of the opportunity afforded by the approaeleine, marriage of Major W. Hall Walker to pay him a grace"ful compliment, and to express by a hand- some gift their esteem and goodwill. The gift chosen by the committee having charge of the matter is in the form of very handsome clock and ornaments in real broeze, richly gilt. Below the dial of the clock is a panel illustrative of one of the crusade expeditions in the eleventh and twelfth centuries to retake Palestine from the Mussultaans. This scene is artistically worked out in oxydised and frosted silver and is a beautiful example cf bas relief. The accompanying vases have also sub- jects representing episodes of the battles of Jerusalem, taken from piceures at Versailles. At the base r, f the clock is an elaborate silver gilt shield bearing the crest and motto of the recipient, and also the following in- scription :—" Presented to Major Hall Walker by the in- habitants of Gateecre on the oceesion of his marriage, September 29th.1896." The cloek and vases were sup- plied by Mr. R. C. Oldfield, of Old Post Office-place. Liverpool. A writer in the " World" hear that Miss Sophie Sheridan's wedding on the 29`,h will be the pretti- est affair. Who the bridesmaids will be Ido rfot know for certain, as several alterations have been made ; but it was to be a sine qua non that all should be good-look- jog. The names of Miss Elaine Guest and Miss Rea Ken- nard were first mentioned ; but now the sight will in- clude Mims Hilda Paget (who was so reach admired as Galatea at the theatrical.; at Canford). Miss rp,Ftpr gen- nerd, Mrs. Arthur Kennard's daughter ; Miss Chetworle, Lady Chetwod.'s daughter ; the bridegroom's sister, Miss Lisette Walker; and Miss Thynne; while the (laugh" tars of Mrs. Bammfylde and Mrs. Court will carry tho train. Because it is on Michaelmas Day the bridesmaids will all be presented with diamond eeese brooches, and the best man, Sir Peter Walker. will be presented with a diamond geese as pin. Mr. William Walker,the bride- groom, is, I am told, extremely wealthy, and holds con- siderable property in Lancashireoe well as ruing yaeths and racing horses. His pretty fiancée has been in town lately, busy with her trousseau and the furnisbing of a bunting box in Cheshire. They say the wedding presents are superb, and that Mist Sheridan bas no fewer than three engagement rings, half hoops ef sapphires, rubies, and diamends, all matched stones, while just thrown in for luck is a forth ring with one splendid emerald be- tween two big brilliants."

ROWLANDS' MACASSA.R 011, is the only reliable and genuine preserver and beautifier of the hair ; it prevents it tailing off or turning grey, and eradicates Soudan(' Dandriff ; is :Oso sold in a tiolden Colour for fair haired ladies and children. Bottles. 3s, 6d., 7s. ; 10s. 6d. equal to four small. __ _

ODONTO i the best and safest dentifrice which can be. used, as it contiins no acid, mineral or gritty ngredients ;It whitens (he teeth, prevents and arrests decay and sweet ens the breath, 2s. 9d. per box, Sold by Chemists, p"fumerf. and Stores ; can be sent post free by A. ROWLAND & SONS, 20, Hatton Garden, London, on receipt of advertisei prices in postal order.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
NEVER TRUST.

Never trust those who promise too much at a time. The patent medicines which pretend to cure "at once," in "a single dose," or in "ten minutes," convince us that they are unnatural in their operation, and that, therefore, either the promise made is a false one, or that the remedy is worse than the disease. It is not "at once" that a man becomes Consumptive; it is not "at a single meal" that you acquire Indigestion and Dyspepsia; it is not in "ten minutes' that your Liver becomes sluggish and out of order. No. These com- plaints and others which might be named are gradual in their hold to release you "at once," "in ten minutes,"or "at a single dose." As the disease, so its cure. Steady and certain is its approach. Steady and certain shoeld be its retreat. It is in this fact that the secret of the wonderful, the unparalleled success of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters lies. It conforms to Nat ,re's laws, adapts itself to Nature's requirements. IF the constitu- tion has been slowly, steadily, and certainly undermined by disease, so it is slowly, steadily and certainly re-built by this excellent remedy. It does not pretend to miraculous instantaneous effect cures. If the disease is deep-rooted and of long sta.:ding, a sudden and forci- ble uprooting would do more harm than good. Gwilvm Evans Quinine Bitters loosen first one hold of the disease on the body,then another, and yet another, taking away one by one the clammy fingers of disease and re-placing them with the warm, glowing touch of health and new life,not only removing the disease effectually,but giving New Life with every dose taken. The more recent the disease the more easily removed. Try this great Natural , Remedy. Try it now. Recovered Patients say it is an Unfailing Remedy. Everybody says it is the Best Remedy of the Age. It is the most successful remedy ever discovered, and has never failed to gain high approval and praise whenever it has been fairly and properly tried. Its praises are sung in all climates and testimonies of its efficacy have been received from all quarters of the globe.

Above all things see that you aet Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. with the name " Gvvilym Evans" on label, stamp and bottle.

GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS,

Sold in Bottles. 23. 9d. and 4s. 61. each, or in Cases, con- taining three 4s. 6d. Bottles, at 12s. 6d. per Case, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors, or direct from the Proprietors, Carriage Free by Parcels Post. •

SOLE PROPRIETORS: QUININE 'BITTERS MANUFACTURING Co., LTD., LLANELLY, SOUTH WALES.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
_ BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

ALL Tam' CLIMBING AFTER A PIGEON

- James Appleton,a young man, living with his parents at Winwick-road,Warrington,was brought up on remand before Alderman Wright (chairman), Dr. Gornall, and Councillor Henry Roberts, on Friday morning, charged with being found in the dwelling-house of Henry Bed- dard, 40, Winwick-road, with felonious intent.—Mr. Percy Davies represented the defendant.—Mrs.Beddard, wife of Henry Beddard.general dealer,4o,Winw:ok-road, stated that at about 2.30 on Tuesday afternoon she was in the house alone. She went upstairs and lay down on the bed in the front bedroom. All the doors in the house were bolted ,and the windows in the house were securely fastened. The back bedroom was a casement window and opened outwards and was broken a little. She heard the back-door latch lifted, and afterwards she heard a falling of glass in the back bodroom. She lay listening and then heard footsteps in the back bedroom and someone walking to the front bedroom. She shouted "Harry "but no one answered. There was a side-board near the door with a mirror in it and she saw the reflec- tion of a man. She got off the bed and caught the prisoner near the bedroom. She said to him" What brings you into any bedrooms ?" and he replied "I am only after a pigeon." He also said "I have taken noth- ing ; you will do nothing with me will you ?" She told him she would have him locked up and she then went downstairs and proceeded to Mr. Isherwood's shop for assistance. The prisoner went out by the back door which be unlocked. There were between £6O and £7O in the bedroom at the time. There was a crack in the wall and it was possible to see from one room to an- other.—ln cross-examination by Mr. Davies she ad mitted that the prisoner said "I heard you shou Harry, but I thought I would not run away as you might think I was after something."—lnspector Sninks gave evidence as to visiting the complainant's house and examining the back premises. He thought the prisoner would have fallen outwards and not inwards if he had been climbing after a pigeon. In cross-examination,witness said it the prisoner was hold- on by the inside of the window frame he might have fallen into the bedroom.—The Chief Constable said so far as the police records went they had nothing against the prisoner's character.—Detective Roper said he made en- quiries and searched for the prisoner on Tuesday night but was nnable to find him. He gave himself up on Wednesday morning at the Police Scation.—Mr. Davies for the detence explained the circumstances which led the prisoner to climb after his brother's pigeon, and the manner in which he fell into the bedroom. He submitted from the statements made to the complainant, the prisoner had no felonious intent.—The magistrates dis- missed the case, and the prisoner was then discharged. THEFT FROM AN HOTEL YARD.—" KINDNESS REWARDED."

At the Borough Coutt on Monday, before the Mayor and other magistrates, Edward Lee, a stranger in the town who had been living for a few days at the Model Lodging-heuse, Rose and Crown-st., was charged on re- mand with having stolen a vest, a cardigan jacket, and a watch and chain, trom the Queen's Hotel yard on Saturday, the 12th inst.. value £2, the property of Richard Dennett, a person engaged in Mr. Connor's stables.—Detactive Monaghan stated that the prisoner had been knocking about the stables and the complainant employed him occasienally and had provided him with food. The complainant was Called upon to go out with a cab, and left his cardigan jacket.vest,and watch la the stable an Saturday morning,the 12th inst. On returning at noon Dennett found the clothing and the watch were missing as well as the prisoner.—The Mayor : That is how he was rewarded for his kindness.—The prisoner was arrested at Bedford Leigh with the vest and watch in his possession. The cardigan jacket had not been traced, and the prisoner refused to give any information respecting it.—The magistrates committed him to prison for two months' hard labour. A POLICEMAN ASSAULTED FOR RENDERING ASSISTANCE. On lidonday at the Borough Court, Joseph Smith, joiner, 3, Admiral-st., was charged with having been drunk and disorderly on the 14th September in Lord Nelson-st. Annie Smith, defendant's wife, was also charged with assaulting P.C. Globs on the 14th Sept. whilst in the execution of his duty.—P.C. Gibbs stated that at 10.15 on the night of the 14th instils was in his backyard off duty when the female defendant came to his house and said she wanted bine to come and see her husband who was illusing her. Sne added that if he did not come she would report him. He told her that if she wanted a policeman she should go to the police station. He then went to Lord Nelson-st. ard saw Smith drunk. Witness advised bim to go home. Mr. Smith closed with him, and witness put him on his back and picked him up again. They struggled again, and witness's slippers , came off and be fell backwards,and whilst he was on the floor ha was kicked and his waistcoat torn off his back. Smith got up and ran away. Witness lived next doer but one to defendant —Mrs. Smith: Of course you are a constable and your ward will be taken bofore mine.— The Mayor: What about the waistcoat? Mr. Smith : What about my shirt ? Mrs. Smith : Did I assault you? Witness: Yes.—Mrs.Smith : You are a very poor man te let a woman strike you.—P.C. Taylor deposed that at 9.30 p.m. on the 14th September he was going on duty when he saw the male defendant running some women. Witness spoke to him of his conduct and defendant replied with foul words.—Mrs. Leslie said she heard the female defendant calling Mr. Gibbs to come to her as- sistance as her husband was Musing her. Smith began to strike the policeman, who put him on the floor. and Mrs. Smith pulled up her sleeves and fought the police- man "like a man." She tore the waistcoat off Mr. Gibbs' back.—Defendant said he came home drunk. He had an altercation with his wife about his tea. Mr. Gibbs interfered, and Gibbs was as drunk as himself.—Thomas Ashton said he was in Lord Nelson-street about the time stated on Monday, when he heard some shouting going on. He walked down to his house and got opposite a shop, and saw Mr. Smith and Gibbs arguing with one another. Smith was drunk. The policeman must have been drunk or else he would not have done what he did. Gibbs, he said, got hold of Smith and put him on the floor. Smith got up and got hi- Id of Gibbs by the throat, and he fellback- wards on the parapet. They got away from one another and Smith walked up the road. Smith was bleeding, and witness told him to go to the Infirmary. He saw Mrs. Sznith.pulling her husband away from Gibbs when be was on the floor. There were about a hundred women there. He saw no blows struck ; they were wrestling with one another.—Thomas Hayes said he resided at 11, Lord Nelson street,and also gave evidence. —The Mayor : It appears to me that all have given evi- dence after the most important part was all over.—Mrs. Leslie, encalled,said Gibbs was sober,and did not look as if he had bad drink at all. She did not see him rniscon- ductil,irnself.—P.C.Monks said he saw Gibbs on the 14th inst. about 10.20, and he was not drunk then. He saw nothing of the row. When he got to the scene of the

===== 0002601_18960926_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINEE, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1896.

disturbance Gibbs was getting off the floor. Gibbs wag in his stocking feet, and his waistcoat was torn off his back.—Alderman Harrison : Did he appear to have had . . _ _

any drink ?—P.C. Monks: No, sir.—P.C. Woods said he went off duty with P.C. Gibbs at six o'clock on the day in question and they were both sober. He knew these people were constantly going for policemen and they had been making it up all the week.—Mr. Smith for being drunk and disorderly was fined ss. and costs ; and Mrs. Smitia for the assault on the police was fined 10s. and costs.

Preston's shop stated that he put the pork in question on the " slab " at a few minutes to six on Tuesday evening and missed it when the officer came som after. It had not been sold to anyone. He had not seen defendant about.—Detective Barlow also gave evidence, and stated that there was no paper round the pork when he arrested prisoner. The latter had had drink but knew what he was doing.—Prisoner was sent to gaol for 14 days with hard labour. THURSDAY.—Before Alderman Sutton (chairman), Mr. John Fairclough and Mr. E.J. Guest._

DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—Peter Corroboy. 3. Glasshouse Yard. was fined lOs. and costs for being drunk and disorderly in Fennel-street, the previous night.—P.C. Rylatt proved the case. It was the elevelith appearance of the prisoner before the magistrates.

RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS. TUESDAY.—Before Mr,J.__Brundritt.

AN eIITSIDE LODGER. —George Holt, an aged 101.411, was charged with sleeping on enclosed premises belonging to the Weaver Trustees at Weston on the 22 inst. P.O. Bancroft nroved the case.—Holt was committed to Knutaford gaol for 14 slays. WEDNEIDLY.—Before Mr. J, Handley (chairman) and Mr. P. J. Norman.

CifanGx THETT.—George Henry Bushell was charged with atealing by means of a trick on various dates on or siasout the 22nd inst. LI 193.. as well as a quantity of food •Taluod at Bs., the monies and goods of Join He sty de Korte. Mr. Allen, solicitor, prosecuted, and said Mr. de Korte was the occupier of the Helyhea4. harbour, a place which was much frequented by sailors. The prisoner came there on Saturday night, and said that he was going to join the crew of the British America. On those conditions he was lent sums of money and was permitted to stay in the house until Tuesday night. He visited the Customs House, ann stated that he had sinned the articles, and took his box on hoard ; but on Tuesday he brought it back again. Information was given to the police and Bushell was apprehended early on the 23rd inst. Prisoner pleaded that the ship was in an unsafe condition to go to sea, and that was his reason for leaving it.—The Chairman said they were net satisfied that the prisoner had any intention of stealing the money, and so gave him the benefit of the doubt. He was accordingly discharged.

finding touch on Warrington 25 line. Saville got in a huge punt upon the ball being sent out and put War- rington on their own line. The first real good bit of passing by the visitors' backs was then witnessed. Stockport were forced back, but another huge punt by Saville when surrounded soon altered things. Time was tAen called. Result :—Stockport, 5 goals (15 points) ; Warrington, 1 goal (5 points). WARRINGTON la v. STOCKPORT A.—Rarely has an A team match been sa liberally patronised in Warrington as that which was played on the Wilderspool enclosure on Saturday, when there must have been 3,000 specta- tors in atteadance. Last season the Warrington second stringers, on their own soil, succeeded in beating the Stockport combination by one goal and two tries to a try,so that it was with some hopes of being able to maintain their unbroken record that the Warrington lads entered the field. The Warrington team was a strong one as will be seen from the following list of Warrington players :—Full back, J. Boscow ; three- quarter backs, Radford, Isherwood, Cromand O'Brien ; half backs, Fairhurst and Foden ; forwards, Thornton, Smith,Meacock, Sanders, Jenkins, Wilcock, Savage, and another. The kick-off was delayed for nearly half-an-hour, owing to the visitors making the journey—it is rumoured—without their football out- fit. After the preliminary exchanges, the home team soon showed a desire to score, and O'Brien was almost over in the first few minutes of the game due to a com- bined passing movement. A scrimmage ensued near the line but by short stages the visitors worked the ball to the 25 yard flag. The home team were here awarded a penalty kick by the referee—Mr. Jones, of Runcorn—for off-side play on the part of one of the visiting half-backs. Thornton was entrusted with the kick, and he placed a splendid goal. Encouraged by this success the home team played up vigorously, and the judicious kicking of Cross was noticeable. Eventually, Foden picked up the ball nicely after a scrimmage, and a smart passing movement ended in Wilcock crossing the line. The goal kick was a failure. This was not the whole :of the scoring before the whistle blew for half- time, for Cross after gaining possession, was to be seen careeriag through his opponents,and passing at the right moment to Radford that player scored near the corner. The kick at goal on this occasion was also a failure. After the restart, the visitors were unfortunate in losing the services of two of their players through injuries,and although they played up gamely, it was seen that they were a beaten team. Isherwood scored two tries,Wilcock a second one and O'Brien one. Of the four attempts to negotiate goals, only one was successful. The final arrived with the score : Warrington, 2 goals, 5 tries (23 points) ; Stockport nil.

LATCHFORD RANGERS Y. STOCKPORT RANGERS.

The Latchford Rangers engaged in a friendly match with Stockport Rangers on Saturday, this being the first occasion upon which the new ground •in Florist-street, Stockport, has been called into requisition. The teams were as follows: Latchford Rangers: Ashurst, back ; Buckley. Winstanley, Knight, and Jones, threequa.rter backs ; Robinson and Ellison, half-backs ; Donohue, Roberts, Lester, Fairhurst, Summers, Berry, and Brown, forwards. Rangers: Murdoch, back; Trevor, J. Lovery, Hussey, and J. Hilbert, threequarter backs ; L. Hazeldine and Holland, half-backs ; Faulkner. J. Richardson, Burrows, Johnson, A. Griffin, Flulmes, Yar- wooe, and Jackson forwards.—Haseldine won the toss, and decided to play up hill with the wind. Latchford started the ball,and the home lads took up the initiative, reaching their opponents 35. Here some keen give and take play ensued, and then from a rush Berrows dropped on the ball over the line, scoring an unmistake able try which Trevor converted in grand style. The visitors then had a look in, but before the interval ar- rived Trevor had hard lines with a penalty shot at goal from halfway. At the interval Stockport led by a gal to nothing. Faulkner re-started after a short respite, and the hornesters pressed. Grand passing by the visi- tors' backs, however, forced their opponents, and a try resulted,the point being converted. Both aides pressed in turn,and from a dribble, the Latchford lads added another try to their score, thus getting the lead. Re- sult : Latchford Rangers : 1 goal, 1 try (8 points) ; Stockoort Rangers, 1 goal (5 points).

RUNCORN v. WIGAN.

Played at Wigan before agate of about 4,000. Wigan made several changes in their team. The weather was very stormy, and a strong wind also blew from goal to goal. Punctual to the time, 3.30, the players turned out in the following order :—Runcorn: Houghton, back; Warder, Robinson, Butterworth and Richardson. three- quarters; Faulkner and Pendlebury, half backs; Faulk- ner, Farmer, Walker, Lightfoot, Hughes, Darlington, Reece and Gayter, forwards. Wigan: Winstantley, back; Flowers, Jago, Dixon and Timmony, three-quar- ter backs ; Foster and Halliwell, half backs ; Brown, Webster, Blackburn, Perkins, Walsh, Rigby, Benson, Catterall and Green forwards. Faulkuer won the toss, and elected to play with the wind in his favour. Mr. John Knowles, the president of the Wigan cluh,gave the initial kick, and Pendlebury made a poor return. The same player, however, a moment later kicked in touch, thus gaining some ground. Judicious kicking by the visitors got to the home end, where Robinson had a narrow shave of dropping a goal. Runcorn played finely. but Flowers neutralized well. Rain came clown smartly at this period and made the ball slippery, but still the Myrtle Greens kept operations located at the home end, where Dixon showed off his kicking abilities to advantage. Rain came down in torrents' which com- pletely saturated the players and spoiled the game. The men kept their places and strove hard, but many of the spectators vacated their positions for one of more shelter. The storm now abated , somewhat, but the ground was frightfully slushy. Pendlebury ran well, but Winstanley checked his career. Gradually Wigan made headway. Winstanley set the leather going again' and a free kick gained some ground. Fast play aelcentrefollowed Pendlebury,Robinson doing grand work, to which Winstanley replied well by finding touch. The rival backs tackled well, but Hnuglaton shone with the wind in his favour. Halliwell and Fos- , ter, the Wigan halves, were doing good work, the first- named kicking neatly into touch on several occasions. Butterworth next ran stronoy and looked like scoring, but his pass was mulled, and Flowers removed the dan- ger. Runcorn came again, but Dixon eventually sent , the ball back to the centre. Both sides worked hard,but forward rushes by the opposing players neutralized, the Runcorn men being very smart in the loose. They re- peatedly gained ground, but the sides were very well matched, taken all round. The visitors had the play frequently in the home half, but a fine defence was en- countered. Tunoney made his mark stuartly,and gained a little ground, but it was soon back again, and Pendle- bury was nearly over. A free kick for off-side gave Wigan relief. Half-time: Wigan nil: Runcorn nil. The Recond half was commenced in a very heavy thunderstorm. Faulkner started and Winstanley touched down. Timmoney got the ball into play,and for a short time the game was in the Runcorn half. Houghton, however, got it away to Flowers,fer the latter to send it back again. An effort by Dixon, Jago, and Halliwell was quickly checked, Butterworth forcing the latter to part. Faulkner followed with a free kick, which Win- stanley took sad easily returned. The forward play got keen, and there was some very strong tackling. On the ball getting loose the Cheshire halves gave Butterworth a chance to pass to Robinson, whom the referee brought back and the game was again contested in neutral terri- tory. The hostilities were conducted on the kick and rusts principle, Wigan taking the ball over the Runcorn line, but it went dead. This gave the Wigan players more courage, and they worked hard. A chance soon came to Butterworth. who gathered the ball in his own half, and raced down the field right over the Wigan line—a splendid individual effort. Hughes missed the goal kick. Soon after the start Richardson dribbled clear, and Butterworth picking up was nearly over once more, be being bald on the line. After some hard scrim- maging Halliwell started a movement to the other end, where play heated when the referee gave no side. Final score :—Runcorn, three points ; Wigan, nil.

ASSOCIATION . EARLECTOWN v. LEIGH.—LkNeksIZIHE JUNIOR CLIP.— FIRST Rourin.—At E4rlestown on Saturday in fine weather. Leigh kicked off down hill and at once as- sumed aggressive,Mitchell being prominent. Wilkinson saved and Leigh goal was in danger. Sowerbot cleared but Harrison returned and Worsley shot through. Earles- town got hold frorn the kick-off, and Maitland scored al- most immediately. Play became even and Leigh got down,but Limond repelled. Earlestown took up the at- tack and kept up a continued onslaught on the Leigh goal,Edrnondson and Hughes being prominent. A slight thunderstorm breaking over the ground.the direction of the wind was changed,and blowing strongly down gave Leigh a distinct advantage,and they were able to press slightly. Earlestown relieved the pressure, and getting the.field a pass by Harrison gave Worsley an opening, which he improved and scored. Half time : Earlestown 4 goals; Lligh, nil. On changing ends Earlestown had the game entirely in their own hands, Leigh-only cross- ing the half way line once. The final result was Earles- town 11 goals, Leigh ail. LIVERPOOL AND DISTRICT COMBINATION.

ST. ELPIIIN'S V. FARNWORTII.—ANr their victory over Waterloo at Liverpool, the Saints had as their visitors at Dalton Bank, on Saturday—Farnworth. The home team gave a trial to Bailey. a new centre forward, and A. Duckworth also resumed his position as full-back. The visitors won the toss and elected to play with the wind, but St. Elphirra at once gave an exhibition of their quality by going straight for goal. As a result of a fine passing movement Pendlebury drew first blood with a fine cross shot, this being the only score at half-time. With the wind the Saints had much the boat of matters. Pendlebury putting on another goal, J. Duckworth, Flickinbottom, and D. Jones (from a penalty) also scor- ing. Through a mistake of one of the Saints' backs, Farnworth had a goal pat on, and the final score was— St. Elphin's, five goals : Farnworth, one.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
MAKING" PROMISES LIKE THE SULTAN OF TURKEY."

At toe Warrington Borough Court on 'I ueeday, before Mr. E. J. Guest (chairman). Mr. R. Garnett, and Dr. Starkey Smith, a labourer named Ed ward Livesay pleaded guilty to an aggravated assault on his wife, Sarah Livesay, on the 221 d of July last. The prisoner's wife statpd that he was addicted to drink and when he was drunk he" took it out of her." On the date named she told him he must not take any more clothing out of the house for pledge, whereupon he struck her in the mouth, knocking one of her teeth out. Sae fell to the !bor.—The Chief Constable informed the bench that the prisoner had only just returned to town after an absence in Birmingham. He had never sent his wife any money for her support.—The prisoner said it was drink that had brought him to his present position, and if the magistrates would give him a chance this time he would promise them faithfully never to come there again.—The Chief Con- stable said the man was drunk when arrestod.—The prisoner admitted this and stated that when he took a drop of drink he was not right and lost his senses.—On the prisoner's who being asked whether she would live with him again, she stated that she preferred a separa- tion. She had not much faith in his promises.—Mr. Garnett : Your promises are something like those of the Sultan of Turkey—not much to be depended upon. —The magistrates committed prisoner to gaol for one month, expressing the hope that the prisoner would be teetotal after he came out of prison. He said he would be so.—A separation order was made,the prisoner to con- tribute 7s. per week to his wife's maintenance.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
A LIVELY SCENE IN ORFORD•LLNEI

The Borough Bench was occupied for some consider- able time on Monday morning in hearing a case in which John Starkey, horse slaughterer. Irlam, and Ann Star- key and Martha Chadwick were charged with being drunk and disorderly in Orford-lane on the 10th inst.-, and Richard Chadwick, Irlam, charged with having been drunk while in charge of a horse and trap and as- saulting P.C. Monks on the 10th inst.—Mr. Percy Davies appeared for Richard Chadwick, and Mr. T. Granger for Mr. John Hughes, landlord of the Wheat Sheaf Inn.— P.C. Monks said that at about half-past nine an the night of the 10th inst. he saw all tLe defendants in a trap coming from the direction of Lrthgoes-lane. They drove up to the Wheat Sheaf Inn. The four defendants were drunk, and he requested them to go home and have no more drink. The defendant in charge of the horse told him "to go home and have a sleep." A man came out of the Wheat Sheaf with a tray, en which were glasses containing liquor but he objected to them having any more. Witness went to the defendant for the pur- pose of getting his name and address, but he refused to give it, and said he "lived anywhere." Mrs. Starkey fell out of the trap. Witness closed with Chadwiek, but with the assistance of those who surrounded them at the time Chadwick got away.—James Lomax said he 'saw • the trap being driven by Chadwick, and the people in it seemed to be in a drunken condition. Chadwick pulled up at the Wheat Sheaf, where a man went into the building. The police- man stepped across the road and objected to them hav- ing any liquor. He told them they were not in a fit state to drive a trap, and Chadwick came out and said he was not drunk. The officer said he was. Chadwick was in charge of the horse and he was in a staggering condition.—Henry Siddall said that on the date in eyes- tion hp was standing talking to Mr. Lema.x, when the trap containing the defendants drove up to the Wheat Sheaf. Chadwick was the soberest of the lot. He did not see anyone fall out of the tram—Harry Stirrup spoke to seeing a large crowd and one of the men lying down in the cart. Chadwick struck at the policeman, and the policeman warded it off and closed with him. , The defendants were" more or less drunk." He would net like to have trusted himself in the trap at the time. —John Hughes said he was landlord of the Wheat Sheaf. If the people had come in themselves he would have re- fused them. Two glasses of sherry and a small brandy were ordered by a man and he was taking them intothe parlour where there were customers. He did not know that the horse and cart were outside or the drinks would not have been served. If Chadwick was not drunk, he was very foolish. Mr.Daviee said he only represented one of the defendants Richard Chadwick, who was not a drunken person and who had never been accused of being drunk,and was an industrious and hard working man. What he wanted the Bench to understand was that Chadwick after half-past nine drove from Warringten to Cadishead and was not interrered with by an officer between Warrington and Cadishead. He said that he was not drunk at all. The accusition enraged him and made him do what he did. He never doubled his fist at him at all. He (Mr. Davies) only hoped that the Bench would make distinction as to the man in charge of the cart. There was no disorderly behaviour at all. Chadwick was very sorry that he did not give his name and address. He lost his temper, and gave his name as " Wigan,War- rington."—Matthew Hunt said he was in the neighbour- hood of the Wheat Sheaf at half-past nine on the evening of the 10th inst. Chadwick was !not drunk. Ho might have had some drink, but he was not drunk. He was in a fit state to drive a trap.—Mrs. Ann Starkey and Mrs. Martha Chadwick gave evidence as to their being sober, and as to the sobriety of Richard Chadwick.— Richard was fined 10s. 6d. and costs for the first offence and the charge of assault against the police was dis- missed. John Starkey for being drunk and disorderly was fined se. and costs, the charge against 'the women being dismissed.—Mr. Granger said Mr. hnghes asked for their worships to express an opinion that there was no blame attached to him.—Alderman Harrison: The publican has done nothing to incur the blame.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICM COURT.

MONDLY.—Before the, Mayor (Councillor James Faircleugh)

and Alderman Harrison.

Dnuxx AND DIFORDERLY.—Tohrt Doyle, Rose and Crown- street, and James Bradley. Turner-street. were ordered to pay the c )sts for being drunk and disorderly on Saturday.— Julia Ann Shie'ds, Pillinge-court. appeared for the 31st time before the magistrates. and was ch trged with being drunk and disorderly in Buttermarket-street . also with assaulting James and Mary Tort. and farther with commit- ting wilful damag3 to an umbrella to the extent of a shilling. —The evidence of Mr. and Mrs. Toft showed that the prisoner was being put out of the Waggon and fforses public house when she ran against Mr. Toft and struck him in the mouth. Mrs. Toft went to his assistance and the prisoner took the umbrella from her an broke it.—he was committed to prison for two months' hard labour.—Jenny McDonald. of no settled abode, wee charged with being drunk and dis- orderly in Sankey-street early that morning Defendant stated that she came from Northwich and was going to Neston to her husband.—ln answer to questions by the

Mayor. she maid she was a native of Belfast.---On promisine to leave the town she was discharged. On leaving the dock she said" Long life to you both for giving justice to a poor decent woman."

AN UNLICENSED DOG. -George Worrall, joiner, 52, Bat- tersby-lane. was summoned for keeping a dog without a it- -P.C. Evans proved the caPe, the offence being corn- nsittd on the 7th inst —Defendant had since taken out a licence, and in consequence was ordered to pay the costs. DRUNK WHILST IN CHANGE OF A flay,—Prederiek Star- key. carter. Stoa.ton Heath. Was charged with having been drunk in Bridge-street, on the 11th inst whilst in charge of a brewer's dray. He was drunk and unable to take charge of his horses. He was fined ss. including costs. HAWKERS IN TROußLE.—Jogeph Dagnall, Gallon's lodging- house. Battermarket-street ; John Dobbins. 2 Mill-street ; and Henry Orange, 2 Mill-street, were charged with having caused an obstrw.itioirby letting handbarrows stand an un- reasonable time in Scotland-road.—P C. Delihay proved tha case, and said numerous complaints were made about the offence. 'the first defendant stood for 25 minutes th” second for half an Ihour, and Orange for 25 minutes without moving.—Dagnall : Gentlemen, lam on'y a poor lad and trying to get an honest living but can't —They were fined 2s. 6d. each. THRowroa STONES.—John Parry, labourer. 60, Garibaldi- strePt. and Matthias Pve, labourer. were chargPd with having thrown stones on the 12th inst.—Detective Barlow said Mr. Turner, headmaster of St. Barnalms' sehool, had mode numerous complaints about the nuisance.—They were fined 51. and costs each. TUESDAL—Before Mr. E. J. Guest (chairman), Dr, T Starkey Garnett.jenn na young A DicsTau women living with her parents at 26, Dial-street, was charged with being drank and disorderly in Dial-street.—Sergeant lloilingwarth stated that he saw the prisoner at her mother's house-she was drunk and creatinz a disturbance, She had broken sixteen panes of as in the house, some of them with her wrist, and she was bleeding profusely. Witness rendered first aid and bandaged her wounds up temnorar.ily. He took her to the Infirmary and her wounds were dressed by Dr. Longdale. She was suffering from severe cutt to her wrist —The Chief Constable informed the magistrates that the prisoner had been before them 22 times, and was a very bail character. She was committed to prison for owe month, hard labour.

SCHOOL A " TENDA.NCF, CASE...—Thq following parents were dealt with for neglecting to case their children to attead school regularly: Mary Waterworth, Charwoman, Pump' yard, School-strest, latchro,d ; Patri.k Carey. forgetnan,349, Winwick-road and lfrory Taylor. plasterer, 77. Birch it-st. —Mr. Jones, school visitor. pro,Pcuted. _ _

WEDNESIDAY.—Before Mr. :Tnh-n F-.1-IrWOugt (in the chair) and

Mr. J. Geddes

A FONDNESS F^R PORK.—lrertrF Adl.MB was charged with stealing from the shoo of Maria Preston, Buttermar',et-street. on Tuesday evening, s,lbs. of pork value 31. 6d.—The Chief Constable stated that abo it a quarter past six on Tuesdav evening Detecti,el3srlow was on duty in Butterinarket-street and saw the prisoner dartinT round the corner of Academy- street with something under his coat. The officer stopped prisoner and found him in possession of the pork produced. Ile told the detective that anoth.r man '• pinched " the meat and he (prisoner) took it f• ora him. Prisoner was brought to the Felice Station and enqniries resulted in It being found that the pork was missing from Maria Preston's shop.. Thomas Warburton. 37. Greenall-street, assistsnt at. Mrs.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
Cl k_JOLEMAN'S WINCARNIS. COLEM AN'S WINCARNIS. 4000 MEDICAL MEN has, sent Testimonials in its favour. Sold in Bottles 2s. 9d. and 35..6d. everywhere.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTB ALL.

f 1 EO. G. BUSSEY & CO.. are makers of High Class applii ances for Football, Golf, Hockey. Lacrosse, and at Sports and Games, also for Gymnasia and Physical Exercises. Illustrated Catalogue may be obtained from locil Dellers or the Sports Manufactory, London, S.E. Trade Mark G.G.B.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON v. STOCKPORT.

The Warrington team journeyed to Stockport on Saturday, and were once again defeated. The corres- ponding game last seas•-in resulted in a eraw of one try each, whilst at Warrington the home team inflicted a decisive defeat upon Stockport by two goals and two tries to a try. Stockport, however, on that occasion, had several of their men Aff, including Fred Saville. The teams were composed as follows : Warrington : Heesom, back ; Carey. Scott, Barber, and Lawless, three quarter backs; Bate and Houghton, half-backs ; Taylor, Dakin, Barrett, Scholtze, Burrows, Righam, Hill, and Swift. forwards.

Stockport: Saville, back; Robinson, Sands, Worsley, and Bailey, threequarter backs; Booth and Allen, half- backs ; Longthorpe, Roberts, Garside, Gibson, Mills, Johnson, King, and Palmer forwards. The Warrington men were the first to appear, followed immediately by Stockport. The visitors being success- ful in the spin of the coin, Saville set the oval in motion in good time against a strong wind. Barber returned well, Bailey taking the oval and putting it in touch in his own line. The wind chiefly enabled Warrington to reach the line, when Saville was called upon early on, but he averted momentary danger. Loose play on the home line followed, the "Clarets " from; rank exerting themselves grandly, but Allen was held ere he could get in a kick. The ball came out to Worslev, who made a gallant effort to get away,smart play by Sande bringing about further relief soon after. Again the home forwards came through the pack Istrongly, and then Warrington were penalised. Saville's effort rose well and a reply was prevented, the same player then making his mark. Smart following up by the homesters saw play at half-Way, where Bailey brought off a grand tackle when the Warriagtou backs were in full swing. The same player took the ball on the bounce a minute later,and made a little headway up the touch-line,putting the ball in touch with a neat little kick. Stockport now had the advantage. and Saville was applauded far a grand sprint and kick, Warrington conceding a minor point. The drop out was replied to by Allen, and a grand opening for Warrington to gee through was mulled by Barber. Another minor fell to Stockport a minute later,Saville getting in a good reply to the drop out. The visitore tried every plan to get re- lief,but the horn, backs got possession,only tø see Bailey held with the ball ie his possession. Play was at half-way again until Scott picked up smartly, and found touch just inside the home half. Kicks were exchanged be- tween Lawless and Saville, no ground being gained or lost, and the next scrimmage saw Warrington in possession. Allen made his mark, but very little resulted from the kick, the ball getting amongst the forwards. Another scrimmage on Stockport 25 line saw Bate throw out to Barber, and the latter putting on top speed scored a beautiful try, after dodging Saville, a goal resulting. Saville restarted, Heesom finding touch at half-way in reply. Allen next kicked to Elmore from the next scrimmage, the latter replying to Robinson, who ran across the field to come to grief. Sands got hold from a scramble following a kick by Worsley, but was pulled up soon after he crossed the halfway line, Garside then being hurt. Allen got the ball away to his backs, but Robinson was unable to take a pass clearly: recovering himself he got in a short kick. Worsley punted well for Bailey to follow up, but the latter'e opponents were there too soon for him, and nothing came of it. A minute later, Worsley took the ball from Allan, and tried to drop a goal, but only a minor resulted. The IVarrington forwards brought the ball away into Stockport half, but a sure tackle by Manley checked a dangerous movement. Grand play by Sands and Robinson again forced Warrington back, a minor again resulting. Saville replied feebly to the drop nut, and a line out in his own half resulted. Warrington were penalised, Barber replying strongly to Saville's effort. The visitors attacked hotly, the forwards taking the ball to the home line, but a timely kick staved off disaster for the time being. Sands intercepted, when the visitors got possession, but Snholtze made his mark off him in good position. The kick was charged down. but War- rington backs followe 1 up smartly, and held Sande be- fore he could do anything. Another free kick to Stock- port was undertaken by Saville, a reply neutralising the effort. • Warrington kept up the Beige, until Booth started a movement in the direction of his opponents goal, and being well backed up by Longthorpe got past half-way. A kink by Barber sent the ball to Saville,who did not get up in time to reply, and he was held. Booth gave Bailey a pass, the latter kicking across, the home- stera gradually forcing the visitors back. Good use of touch by Allen and !Sloth kept Warrington down, and then a grand disnlav by Allen, Sauds and Robinson put the visitors on the defence in earnest, the latter running from his own half to Warrington line. A minute later Gibson fell on the tall over the line, Saville converting, hell time being immediately called, the score being: Stockport: 1 goal (5 points), Warrington : 1 goal (5 points) Warrington restarted, and Norsley replied with a "By." The home forwards got the ball away to the visitors' halLand a kick by Bate,if anything, lost ground for his side. Scrambling Play on Warrington 25 resulted in Sands, Rebinson, and several of the forwards getting the oval between them and making a charge, Heeeons Imulling and allowing Robinson to touch down, Saville landing the goal. Saville got in a smart reply to the ' drop out, and the next scrimmage was at the centre. Allen was held before he could part with the ball, War- rington gaining little ground. Stockport was penal- ised, and a scrimmage in the heme 25 followed. The visitors gradually forced the Clarets back, and their back' getting poeiessine worked up to the line, Robin- son kicking dead in the nick of time. Saville dropped cut, and Ffeeeore was grassed in his own half, where the ball changed hands pretty frequently. Worsley took the ball grandly from a line-nut, but the whistle went, and he had to return. The half-way line was soon reached. but a rush, beaded by Gibson, again forced the visitors back, Eriesorn picking up and finding touch cleverly. I !rand tackle by Bailey accounted for Carey, and then Warrington were penalised inside their own half,Saville making a grand attempt for goal. The drop out was only a poor one, the ball never rising, Heesom soon being called upon to pull up arush of the home for- wards. But play on the Warrington line followed, Allen being temnorarily hurt. Mulling by the Warrington becte saw Sands snap up smartly, but the chance of a eertain try vanished by the whistle blowing. The visitors were having a very unpleasant time of it at this junc- ture,and then it was Robinson's turn to be " laid out." Worsley got hold from the line out, but could not get tbroueh, and then Robinson was overtaken by misfor- tune in trying to get over. Grand play by Lawless and Barber took play to Stockport half, Allen checking the movement. Passing by Warrington backs was inter- cepted grandly by Sande, who made off down the field at top speed, but nothing beyond a dead ball was the result of his effort. Saville made his mark just inside his own half, his effort being a mighty one. The game Ibietirated a good deal, hut wag confined principally to Warrington half, neither side for a time making lauch headway. Kicks were exchanged between Saville and Reesnne, and then a smart bit of passing in which Sands and Rebineon were conspicunue was vritnessed. The home backs kept up a hot attack, but another minor point was the only reward they got. A grand reply to the drop out by Saville was responded to by Lawless, and Bailey taking the ball on the run had hard lines in not storing. The continual bombardment soon bore fruit, for a minute later Worsley was enabled to plant the ball over the line, Fred Saville kicking a fine goal. Sands wag hurt islet after the restart. Booth gave Allen a pass from a scrimmage at halfway, the latter

===== 0002601_18960926_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
To MoTnnus.—Mrs. Wiuslow's Soothing Syrup has been used over fifty years by millions of mothers fo their children while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the pooz sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; it producez natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes 'as bright as a' button!' Of all C heralsts,ila. 1 .2scl. per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLE-CA.

The finest embrocation in the world. Promptly restores tone to the tirerl or strained muscles. Made by the Homocea Company, Limited, and put up in colausible tubes, price 6d. and Is. 6d. each. Sold by :--Mr. J. R. YotiNG, Pharmaceutical chemist, nkey-street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
THE STATE OF NEWFOUNDLAND.

I have, says a correspondent of the " Manchester Guardian," been allowed by the courtesy of the gentle- man to whom it is addressed to read a remarkably inter- esting letter wrtten by a correspondent resident in the United States who has recently passed some months on what is variously called the " French Shore "and the "Treaty Shore "of Newfoundland. The writer draws attention to the desirableness of a speedy settlement of the long-standing dispute with France being come to. With the historical diplomatic side of the dispute the writer does not concern himself, but of the lamentable practical evils that result from the existing state of things he is able to speak from close personal observa- tion. Newfoundland is by its geographical position "the key to America," and if only its resourc,s could be developed under normal conditions it should occupy a place at the head of Britain's colonial possessions instead of being near the foot. "It has, he says, " extraordin- ary mineral resources, unrivalled harbours, and in this part of the island [the letter is dated from Port-au- Port] a soil superior to most parts of the United States and a climate quite adapted for wheat growing, even to say nothing of the more hardy vegetables and grain." "The fisheries," he adds, certainly need no word as to their importance, except, iaerhaps, that every year the catch grows lighter because of the enormous drain, out of proportion to the breeding powers, of the cod and lobster." This falling off in the catch may be expected to become more and more marked unless some regula- tions are adopted to prevent fishing all the year round. At present there is no close season, and the rivalries of the Newfoundland and French fishermen make legisla- tion impossible. The " Treaty Shore" comprises by far the more habitable portion of the island, and every attempt to develop it is frustrated by the jealousy of the French. The French naval com- mander keeps a jealous eye on every new building which it is sought to erect, and, to the intense indigna- tion of the islanders, at once requests the British officer in command to have it removed. In this way every at- tempt to deveesp the resources of the country is nipped in the bud,and, as an American citizen, the writer thinks that it is " degrading " to Englishmen that they should thus have to carry out the behests of a French admiral in their own colony. " The fundamental grievance," the writer eontinues, " is that the citizens have to serve two masters ; that they are thereby kept in slavery, never seeing a pound from the year's beginning to its end,the merchants, who are the floating population and not subject to French supervision.taking all the fish and leaving nothing ; and, finally, that outside capital to de- velop the rich mines and agriculsural land cannot be in- troduced because the French allow no shipping and no legal:title to land occupied."

SHIP CANAL.

LAST WEEK'S TRAFFIC.

During the week ended September 18, 150 seagoing cargo veasels, with an aggregate net registered tonnage of 43,932 tons, arrived at and cleared from the port of Manchester. Of these 35 vessels,of 24,333, entered from or sailed for foreign ports, and 115 vessels, of 19,599 tons,were engaged in coastwise traffic. Among the ar- rivals were a steamer and two sailing vessels with tim- ber from Canada,three steansers with timber, pulp, &c., from the Baltic, five steamers with general cargo from the Contineht, three steamers with dints from France, a schooner with olive oil from C3ndia,a barque from Santa Elena with boneash and hornpiths, and one from Hayti with logwood. The first consignment of cotton to reach the Manchester docks this season arrived by the steamer Danish Prince, from ypt. The efforts to attract the Irish cattle traffic to the canal are meeting with success, and regular shipments are now being made from Dublin by the direct boats, Friday's steamer bringing 250 head of cattle, sheep, and pigs, besides a full general cargo. Ten vessels cleared outwards last week for Continental and Baltic ports,and there were also sailings to Bombay, Capetown (via Cardiff), Rio de Janeiro, New Orleans, Savannah, Progreso, and St. John, N.B.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
LAST MONTH'S TRAFFIC.

Although the Ship Canal trftffic returns for August published on Saturday, do not quite equal the extra- ordinarily good record for July, they far surpass the figures for any previous month, and elearly prove that the July returns were the result of a permanent growth of trade and not merely an accidental accumulation of business within that period. It is also gratifying to note that the cargoes paying toll in August were, en the whole, of a more profitable character than in the pre- ceding month, the average toll per ton earned on sea- going traffic being—July is. 11 1-31.. August 2s. 0 1-51 Next month the cotton and grain imports will begin to tell upon the revenue of the waterway, and there is every reason to believe that the satisfactory average of the last two mouths will be at least maintained during the remainder of the year. The appended table shows hew the traffic has developed since 1896 : Seagoing Total tons tons January 113. :06 13e.941 February . March 100,087 126.912 April ll3 993 139,041 May 115,241 141,339 June 122.352 148,207 July 153,182 176,721 August 140.770 16,3,318 LIVERPOOL AND THE SEIIPYIA.NAL.—AN OPPOSI..

===== 0002601_18960926_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
TION SCHEME FOR MOTOR CARS.

The competition of Manchester with the shipping trade of Liverpool has now been sufficiently felt to Cause the shipowners and merchants of the latter city to become alive to the necessity of taking measures to retain their trade. A new scheme to this end 13 being promoted, and will shortly be put to practical test. It is intended to introduce motor cars, each one of which shall be capable of drawing three waggons carrying ten tons of produce. The waggons are to be loaded at the ship's side, and the special advantage of their use, it is contended, will be that go( ds can in this way be con- veyed without transfer to other vehicles direct to the warehouse, wherever this may be situated. The ordin- ary highways, of course,will be utilised for this purpose, and this without the laying of any rails or other mech- anical aids. It is expected by the promoters that by this means the cost of conveying merchandise to and from Manchester and other towns will be reduced to a point with which the Ship ..anal cannot compete, and the further hope is that the railway companies will be com- pelled in self-defence to lower their rates, which, again, will tell against the Ship Canal. It is suggested that the despatch of merchandise in the fashiou named should be reduced to a systeru,and that the night should be utilised as far as possible. Thus goods sent from Liverpool or Manchester at seven o'clock each evening would be in the , other city at their destination the first thing the follow- ing morning. It is believed that a fully loaded train of three waggons can be drawn at a uniform speed of six miles an hour.

No Musty Flavour. .sk your Grocer for Free Sample To be obtained from LEWIS Za Co., Grocers, Widnes.

..,„, n .1", .. * V' ''' • ,-,; • , STOVIERIS. • LIME --..,.......„,,,,vr,...,:,- Supplied to the R9yal Ifousthold. isk."'r4rtztt, colov ),......, N., *... , ', . '' '' ' • g'....4k.: ' r-; k

===== 0002601_18960926_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
h..a.........

BI

lA]

MER(

The I

SIZ C

J ' a

82, R 6S I

ic)llt 803 O knted to ther s Lt 4, ex (al G kt',each, by ‘aiterttshe, I i liktitir Line and al

_

'kild

16, "et .111, YeS 1')111"

\ Ira

===== 0002601_18960926_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
ETS.

extra. WAISTED. whole polite 'd.

;IT MEDALS.

!red rto 112 i g SIZe. e be sent you'

ve a reputatiort ever. A good

ck-street

===== 0002601_18960926_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
QUEEN.

on TtNOSY 3 reached Bal' is Queen. AC ime ceremoo9 Iresces of viel' ities. An ad' h expressed 0 knit together oy moral and )ut that' their ?rest of -pebee and civiliss' address said would loaf, :rue Peace 0' world, while, relations 0; d Russia, and spared to de' us Majesty lion of thanke' herever there his receptioe

Loral on Wed' vholly withio 'ales and the rig the after , and a filo

tows died 0? !en sustaineu ling at New'

IfNE,

STH.I.IIA Consumption,

doses.

Should .argernent on.idered tiFfactory ,ver again id Money.

;—t.o- THE 4'h Street Is PArsz.

thOge sire a /OWN and irrein,. few hourw.., al men., s caseS us'- . Wilson, of nialuabla 12hours I hopeless- rith all testi- . is usually directed en. 3001 or ever./ testimonials

..—Do not be led remediee it once, to—.

ROAD ndon. W.Af

URE ! ITU IEAV.

, . rs 711011(1er:6n BRADFOR''

____

SIZE OLD

RINGS in LONDON.

PARCELS OF UNSET GEMS TO SELECT FROM.

WEDDING RINGS AND KEEPERS. MERCHANTS NETT CASH CITY PRICES, SAVING ALL PROFITS, SELECTIONS SENT TO THE COUNTRY ON APPROVAL.

The FINEST, CHEAPEST, and LARGEST STOCK of

Illustrated Book of Rings, Brooches, Bracelets, Watches, Clocks, Plate, &c., at Reduced Prices, Post Free. CARDS SENT FREE JEWELLERY AND WATCHES

ON APPLICATION. TAKEN IN EXCHANGE.

, - ri7-%4

4:611V

===== 0002601_18960926_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
laEECHAM'S

tEECHAM'S

tEECHAM'S

EECHAM'S

tEECHAM'S

t EECHAM'S

lIEECHAM'S

)aEECHAM'S

))EECHAM'S

-.:0:-."

Note the • Brand. • •

• . • ~„ • - . • .• ~• e • • . . • '

Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON-

===== 0002601_18960926_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
. ....... . . . . ..,.... 9 . . .„. . . . . . .•.....,.•. . . •:.... ... .: . .. :,.. ..: ...,.. . ..,,,,„..,..,.,...,....:..,„.....,:...„,,::: ...t.,..,,,::,............,„.4,„.,,-: .... ..........,........,.....„.;.,.......... ..„,...,..•, „:. _.,

. , ss. *-25 74-114.5*-- •

===== 0002601_18960926_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

A WATC:-: FOr: EVERYBODY. END

FOR :VERMORE

To eve-ybody who gives a Solution of this CONUNDRITA and who sends an order for one of THE CLERKENWELL W 4TCH AND JEWELLERY ASSOCIAIION'S beautiful Silver Chains, will be presented _ _

A FINE SILVER WATCH, Our list price £2 2s.

S NO MONEY. 0 K\Oil'i. • V,N '•,_ 10\ ' I , IN TO e..zat.,...,.. - ~.....:1 A ; kr' WITHOUT Dny DELAY a- -1,4 _" • " ,f. .. 7 . '''''' 1 p , -- - _ _ . •-rzw,,,-; A 1,.!.,.. : _ ,„ , st,/, tz..e.--. lb. _ 1' ' •: . -Jr-I!' :141. : 'k....04, rp-rii- WHICH 6. LilLig WILL TO MY 0 0 y_ c, 31Y c>) E

===== 0002601_18960926_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
A DELIGHTED PATRON,

13.,-Tfartiefds,

Sir,—l write to thank you for the Watch, which I received quite safely n Saturday rn raing. and also to say I am GREATLY DELIMITED with it. The thing that mostly astonishes me is that by merelybuying a chain you can give such a beautiful Watch with the chain. Thanking you kindly for the prompt attention you paid to it by sending it by return post. I am, yours,

_ _ (Mrs.) C. SMITH. -Stamped addreqqed envelope to be sent to the Manager, The Clerkenwell Watch and Jewellery

Association, _ 6, ROSEBERY AVENUE. BIDEFORD MANSIONS,

CLERKENWELL, E.C.

L Orchard's Cure for Deafness -1 • r SAFE AND HARMLESS. HAS CURED HUNDREDS. lk ▪ NOW I CAN HEAR THE BIRDS SING."r • Sza.—Your "Cure " was worth a Sovereign to me. 1r Ccould not hear the Church Bells ring, now I bear taeli IBirds sing, & return thanks. G.T. BERNARD, Marlborough. • laid. per bottle, Free by Post for 15 Stamp-, from r • EDWIN J. ORCHARD, CHEMIST, SALISBURY. A "'""LON011"1.011.0"1011"0111PNIONOPtriRt.....

THINK! JUST THINK A LITTLE WHY SHOULD YOU PAY 12f6 FOR WHAT yeti CAW CAT WITHOUT ANY TROUBLE FOR 619 This is se trade catch but an honest ndearour to secure year trade by riving you the best sterling value yeti !vet bad Write at once for Patterns ,nd Self-Measurement Perms.

Suits to Measure 32., 6 Trousers 6/ You will Lever leave us oneo you give us a trial. Thi.ire la no risk. Send us a Post card, patterns free, Lot retu:-nable earrlaqe Paid nr all pare& s.

*11.• Obi 1111 111 -

===== 0002601_18960926_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
PATSTON. BROS.,

ATLAS CLOTHING WORK. JAON STREET. DESBY. Plcrise mention this Paper.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
1 . , .1 4 . . . . "P,

1) ..( f" -= - ..:C' .. eio ...4: '',...' . • '.. ira s, , • k.1:14 . 4.. .., , ... V•,ii- aiiit...4,l2l'ecri, 4:4 "._ ~,,Y-'• ' • '`' .

Are universally admitted to be worth a Guinea a Box for Bilious and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings of Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Scurvy, Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Trembling Sen- sations, Bcc. The first dose will give relief in twenty minutes. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try One Box of these Pills, and they will be acknowledged to be

===== 0002601_18960926_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUr'..IEA ..1. BOX.

For Females of all ages these Pills are invaluable, as a few doses of them carry off all humours and bring about all that is required. No Female should be without them. There is no medicine to be found equal to BEECHAM'S PILLS for removing any obstruction or irregularity of the system. If taken according to the directions given with each 13ox, they will soon restore Females of all ages- to sound and robust health. This has been proved by thousands who have tried them, and found the benefits which are ensured by their use.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
tfgg' „- 4 . , ' N , "7441A' 6-1

===== 0002601_18960926_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'

BEECHAM'

BEECHAM'

BEECHAM'

BEECHAM'

BEECHAM'

BEECHAM'

BEECHAM'

BEECHAM'

I

===== 0002601_18960926_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
PILLS

'DILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

,-----

===== 0002601_18960926_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
tEECHAM'S

)aEECHAM'S

EECIIAIYI'S

lIEECRAM'S

tEECHAM'S

BEECHAM'S TOOTH PASTE

„ t T rlls uMMENDS ITSELF ; it is efficacious, economical, cleanses the teeth, perfumes the breath, removes tartar, and prevents decay:_ It is composed of the best known ingredient tkl'htleutralizing the acids of the mouth, preventing all deleterious deposits upon the teeth, and is a pleasant and reliable dentifrice. BE ECHAM'S TOOTH PASTE is pu.l, up in collapsible es perfectly air-tight, and so adjustable that no waste need occur the packages are pretty for the toilet table, and most convenient for the travelling hag. Of all Druggists, or from. the °Prietor,ONE SHILLING, postage paid.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

For a weak stomach, impaired digestion, and all disorders of the liver, they act- like magic, and a few doses will be found to work wonders upon the most important organs in the human machine. They strengthen the whole muscular system, restore the long-lost complexion, bring back the keen edge of appetite, and arouse into action, with the rosebud of healththe whole physical energy of the human. frame. These are facts testified continually by members of all classes of society; and one of the best guarantees to the nervous and debilitated is,

===== 0002601_18960926_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFACHAM'S PILLS

B ave the largest sale of any patent medicine in the world, being six million boxes per annum.

Prepared by THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, kild Sold by all Druggists and Patent Medicine Dealers everywhere, in Boxes 91d., is. 112 d., and 2s. 9d each. With full directions. THE Is. IW. BOX CON TAINS FIFTY.SIX FILLS

===== 0002601_18960926_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'

BEECHAM'

BEECHAM'

BEECHAM' BEECHAM'

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS

PILLS PILLS

===== 0002601_18960926_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
Etttcrs to the e-Mor.

MR. KENYON ON THE MARRIAGE LAWS. Sir,—ln your issue of the 19th inst., Mr. Septimiss Kenyon airs some rather stale and misty views on tho marriage laws. True it is, that in the course of his somewhat confused letter he takes the credit of an original thinker, and expressos a longing desire that the world sheuld becon.e the happy possessor of his philo- sophical conclusions. Referring to the tragedy in Oliver- et., Mr. Kenyon remark; in his letter as follows: "Had the marriage laws been less binding and more just pro- bably that tragedy would not have occurred." Why, in the name f COMMOR sense, why? Does Mr. K-nyon read the papers? Has he never read of horrible tragedies occurring amongst people who were liv- ing together in defiance of the laws of marriage? Again is it not pissibis for couples who are mar- ried, and who find it impossible to live happily together under one roof, mutually to separate. and this without breaking the laws of marriage? It is a pity that such men as Mr. Kenyon d• not before rushing into print, try to make themselves acquainted with the salutary lessons contained in the history of humanity. Mr. Kenyon prates glibly about doing " ROMPthina to promote the beauty and the happiness of human life." Oh perverted ingenuity of man whither wit' thou lead us ! Mr. Kenyon's plea is for divorce a riamo He maintains that the laws of marriage are tro 4evore,harsh and cruel, and that these laws condemn to a l'fe of misery two souls who might find happiness if p-rmitted to 'lave their maniage annulled and to be san't-d with more congenial partners. Every law has its occasional inconveniences, and I admit that the law absolutely prohibiting divorce avinculo may sometimes appear rigorous and cruel. But its harshness Is mercy itself when compared with the frightfuLmiseries result- ing frem the toleration of divorso. Its inconvenience is infinitesimal when contrasted with the colossal evil, from which it saves society and the solid blessings it Secures to countless homes. Those exceptional ill- sorted marriages would becssmo mere rare if the public were convinced, once for all, that death alone can dis- solve the marriage bond. They would then use more circam9pection in the selection of a conjugal partner. ' To abolish this vital landmark of Christian civilisation would in due time reduce our populatiou to the level of barbarism. Mr. Kenyon would have been nearer the niqrb. if,instead of charging the marriage bend with the evils of the outrages he mentions, he h'Acl laid them at the door of the cursed habitr of drunkenness so preva- lent amongst us.—Yours, Scc.,

"SURSUM CORDA."

"THE LAWS OF MARRIAGE."

Sir,—Mr. Kenyon in his letter on the above subject publi, bed in your last issue, in his first sentence is at sea in blaming "the present laws of marriage" instead of the present liquor laws for " the tragedy" which oc- curred in Warrington on the 7th September. The whole of the evidence in relation to the tragedy is patent to any person of commonsense that drink,not the marriage Jaws, was at fault. Let Mr. Kenyon say why he shuns the drink facts of the case ? He cannot refute them, although he has ignored them. He talks about "that Tittle room in which lay the corpse of the maltreated woman being an epitome of the tragic side of life." But the brewery and alehouse are infinitely more blameable than "laws of marriage," and those who fatten also on the drink traffic than those who made and administer the laws of marriage. Our judges. chaplains,and magis- trates state that the driuk traffic is the chief cause of crime, &c. ,while our worthy Mayor at the late Brewster Sessions said part of our town is "a perfect hell"through drink. - I),aes Mr. Kenyen approve or ignore the evils arising from the drink business, because he uses his voting power with the drink party against Sunday Closing &e. ? How can it be that drink was the main cause of the poor woman's sad end, and Mr. Kenyon not admit the fact if he truly and purely aims to suppress one of the worst sources of crime, secial unhappiness, and divorces in our time and country ? Are not all who use their voting power &c., to put into ruling authority those allied with the drink traffic and who oppose such bills as the Sunday Closing of public-iteuees, and local vets, &e, in the very nature of the social and moral relation,' of society allied also in the terrible results of the drink evils? The social laws of life link the human family together like links in a chain, which cannot be strained, cr broken, without the whole feeling the effects thereof How divinely true it is, that, we are members one of another en divine principles, suffering or rejoicing to- gether. As a glass of pure water is nulluted by mingling a little foul with it,so have the whole of the tens of thou- sands of people in our borough, and thousands in other teems been pained in mind and heart by the tragedy in Oliver-street, "The eye caeinct say to the band, I have no need of thee, nor again the head to the feet, I have no need of you." Heartless criminals like" Cain cannot sat asid the immutable social law by feign ing ignorance about their brother and asking," Am I nay brother's keeper ?" "Be sure your sins will find you nut." So will the social law when violated always as in Cain's case be felt, and deplored. "My punish- ment is greater than I can Wear," he said. The brewers and distillers deadly business causes, says Dr. Norman Kerr, 120,000 to perish yearly,and the Rev. John Wesley says" All who sell drink in the common way to any that will buy, are poisoners generally. They murder His Majesty's subjects by whoseeale neither does their eye pity nor spare. They drive them to hell like sheep. And what is their gain ? Is it not the blood of those men ? Who then will envy their large estates and sumptuous palaces? A curse of God is in the midst of them ; the curse of God cleaves to the stones, the timber, the fur- niture of them !" &c. By abolishing the grocers' licenses , greatly reducing the number of drink shops, and obtaining Sunday clos- ing ; and, better still, personally abstaining from strong drink, aid securing prohibition for the nation we should thereby secure immeasurably more good—peace, unity, love and happiness for mankind than by simply alter- ing "the laws or marriage" so as to provide the easy separation to which Mr. Kenyon mostly refers. It is doubtful whether such an alteratien would not be pro- ductive of more social evil than of good. (1.) Would nrt many be more likely to marry from imPure motives than do new ? (2) Would net many obtain separation for mere trifles who are net now tempted to seek a separation ? (31 Would not more women and children tee lect helpless, and be a bigger burden to ratepayers? I think Mr. Kanyen has omitted the weightier matters in the laws of marriage. He has not a word of pity for the woman's slavish bend. "Serve him"—" obey him," he big slave Sze. Why should a woman have to make such omises any more than a man ? Too often the husband now through those slavish parts of the marriage laws demands from his wife un- just and unreasonable service and obedience. If Mr. Kenyon vraots that section of the law abolishing so do I, and I am with him if he wants the laws of marriage altering to make it legally as easy for wives to obtain a divorce when husbands are unfaithful and impure as it ie for the husbands now. I could bid him God Speed on such lines. But he cannot justly, or wisely ignore the evils that the liquor laws now inflict on scci pt-r generally. I trust he will no more play the part of a " Blind guide which strains at the gnat" of " the laces ef marriage," and swallows the camel of the present liquer laws.—Faithfully yours, HUMANITY. Warrington, September 24th, 196.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
THE QUEEN'S REIGN.

The Queen has nose reigned longer than any of her 'predecessors on the English Throne. George 111. reigned 'ty-nine years three months and four days. Her T tjestv entered on the sixtieth year of her reign en the 20 June last, and on Wednesday, reckoning by days,and t tking account of leap years, ehe exceeded the period dirrine which George 111. occupied the Throne. Though Her Majesty has expressed a wish that all celebration of the auspicious event should be deferred until she has actually completed the sixtieth year of her reign, con- prarulations poured in upon her on Wednesday from all parts of the world. Among the first to offer their con- gratulations were her guests, the Czar and Czarina. The Queen has reigned for a greater number of years than any other European sovereign, and with the excep- tion of the King of Denenark,whe is about eleven months her senior, she is the oldest reiening sovereign. She has been Empress of India for twenty years, the addition to the Royal style having been made by proclamati on April 28, 1876. She has seen seventeen Presidents of the United States, ten Viceroys of Canada, fifteen Vice- roys of India,and France suecessively ruled by one King, one Emperor, and six Presidents of a republic. Her Majesty has outlived all those Members of the Mouse of -Peers who held seats ia it at her acceseion except Earl Nelson and the Earl of Darnles' (both of whom were -minors at that time) and all those Peer' who were then or had been previously members of the House of Coen- moue, except the Earl of Mansfield, the Earl f Mex- borough, and the Duke of Northumberland. She has seen five Archbishops of Canterbury, six Arehhishops of York, and four Bishops ef London, as well as eleven Lord Chancellors, ten Prime Ministers, and six speakers of the House cf Commons. She has out-lived all the members of her first Privy Council; and of her first fleuee of Commons only Mr. Gladstone, Mr. C. P. Villiers, Mr. J. Temple Loader, and possibly one or two others, now survive. Since her Majesty came to the throne sho haa seen every Episcopal t4ee vacated and re- filled twice at least, and most of them four or even five times, and the Judicial Bench recruited twice at the least from end to end ; and she has had four successive Esrls Marshal in the persons of four Dukes of Norfolk. She has outlived every member of the Jockey Club and every Master of Foxhounds that flourished in 1E37.

In a running match at Rochdale on Saturday between T. E. Bacon and H.Anstead for the four miles champion- ship and £lOO a side, Bacon won by thirty yards in 20 minutes 44 4-5 seconds. _

An ironmonger named Andrew Brydges has been drowned in the Firth of Forth by the upsetting of a sail- ing boat in which he and a companion had gone out to look at the Channel Fleet.

EARLESTOWN XND NEWTON.

D.RUNKICNNEz,S.

At the Earlestown police station on Monday morning before Mr. C. B. F. Borron, Hem Cannoa,ot no fixed abode was charged with being drunk in Market-street, on Saturday night, and fined 25.6 d. and costs. In default he was sent to gaol for seven days.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN WitSLEYA.N CHAPEL.

Special services in connection with the anniver- sary of the above place of worship were held in the chapel on Sunday. The pulpic was occupied by the Rev. It. Crozier, who at each service preached instructive discourses, to fairly good audiences. Special hymns were sung by the choir, and in the afternoon the rev, gentleman delivered an address to the school children. CAlections in aid of the funds amounted to .E 5 78. 61. _ _ BOWLING HANDICAP AT EARLESTOWN.

The annual handicap promoted by the Viaduct Institute Committee took place on Saturday on the Institute grounds. The handicap commenced the Saturday previous,but owing to the very inclement state of the weather it bad to be abandoned. It was continued on Saturday, and brought to a comple- tion. There were 78 entries, and the following were the winners of prizs, Ist, £1 53. Joseph Stacey; 2ad,(Mr. Poole's prize) J. Clough, 3rd, (Mr. Gilmour's prize, pair of bowls), W. Fowles; 4th. 78. 3d. W. Hatton, sth, 7s. 3d., W. Blackstock. 6th 43. J• Savage, 7th, 43. T. Mather, Bth, 43 J. Freeman, 9th, 49. W. Crovin, 10th, 43. J. T. Phillips.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLARS.

The usual weekly session of the Hope of Earles- town lodge of Good Templars was held in the Co- operative Hall on Monday evening. Bro. W. Wil- son, C.T., presided over a large aaendance. Four candidates were initiated to membership and several proposed. Arrangements were made for the coming celebration of the introduction of the order into Earlestown, which will be the 24th anniver- sary. Sermons will be Preached on Sunday, and the following day Bre. J. S. Tarley, grand juvenile superintendent, will be the principal speaker. Other matters were delegated to the Business Com- mittee. The programme of the evening was ' Fruit festival," Bros. S. Barker and W. Wilson being res- ponsible. A large quantity of choice fruits was distributed. A collection was made for the forth- coming doll _competition at Bury.

LOCAL CRIMEAN VETERANS.

In connection with the display at the nologii>al Gardens, Belle Vue, on Thursday, when over 200 of the veterans who took part in the Crimean am- paign were present and entertained to dinner, two local veterans who fought through the war were present, viz., Mr. John Baseldine, Earle-st., Earles- town, and Mr. C. Owen also of Earlestown. Both men are now working at the Viaduct Works. VULCAN WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL.

On Sunday evening before a large audience, a limelight entertainment was given in the Vulcan schoolroom by Mr. J. B. Hartley of the Old Garrett Ragged School, Manchester. The subjects illus- trated were "Almost wrecked," and "The drunk- ard's wife." On Sunday afternoon Mr. Hartley gave an address in the same room, and in the evening conducted a gospel lantern service, when there was again a good attendance. TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION AT EARLIISTOWN.

In another column will be found an advertise- ment drawing attention to the classes which are to be held at the Viaduct Institute, under the au,pices of the Technical Instruction Committee. In addi- tion to the usual science and art subjects, 150 students are required for commercial correspond- ence, English, book-keeping &c. Unless this num- ber of students is enrolled the committee cannot proceed with the classes. It is therefore incumbent that intending students should register early. ti ANS OF TEMPBTAA.NCE.

On Wednesday the usual fortnightly meeting of the Samuel Morley Section of Cadets met in the Co-operative Hall, Earlestown. Bro.O. Pickett pre- sided in the unavoidable absence of Bro. J. Judson through family bereavement. The Britain's Need Division met in the same rooora at 7-30, Bro. S. 11. Eaton presiding. After opening,two members were initiated. Bro. Pearson announced to the Division that Bro. Arthur Judson had died during the even- ing, and it was resolved that a letter of sympathy and condolence be sent to Bro. John Judson, whose son had died a short time before the Division had met. The committee appointed to arrange a pro- gramme of entertainment during the coming winter reported that they recommended three open meet- ings to be held monthly. The report was adopted. The following—Bros. J.Pickett,R. Yorke, G. Clarke, J. Hughes and C. Broster were appointed: repre- sentatives to the Grand Division, which will meet at Haydock in October. The meeting closed at 9-30.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLIZSTOWN DISTRICT SCHOOL.

Reports of 11. M. Inspector which are of the usual high standard of excellence have just been received by the School correspondent, Dr. Handyside, and reftPct the greatest credit upon Mr. and Mrs. Brown and their respective staffs and on the management of the school. Mixed school :—"This is a thoroughly organised and disciplined school. The plans and methods of instruction are carefully thought out, and very effectively and skilfully employed. The staff of assistants renders most efficient aid. The highest possible grants have been earned in all the usual subjects as also in the two specific subjects taught, viz., domestic econorey and Algebra." We may add that two long additional class rooms (one specially fitted up for the teaching of cookery) are about to be opened to relieve those overcrowded schools. Drawing :—At the annual examination in this subject in May last, the highest award " ex- cellent," was made by the Science and Art depart- ment. Infant department :—Speaks eloquently for the energy, zeal and ability of the mistress to find the discipline and instruction so thoroughly sound and efficient, when due consideration is given to the serious difficulties she bat had to contend with during the greater part of the school year. The managers are about, perhaps have by this time begun, to build new class rooms for the mixed de- partment for the accommodation of the first standard taught here,and to remedy in some degree the defects." The highest grant has been earned. The number of children in attendance at the school is 900. It may not be out of place to mention that the four new teachers recently appointed in the mixed school, viz., Miss Adams (formerly a pupil teacher at this school) Miss Carter, Miss Reywood and Miss Napper were all placed in the first division at the last examination at their respective training colleges.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE WAY &T R LEST OW N

BY AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDE NT.

_ The very inclement weather is playing sad havoc with the corps which are still ungarnered in this district. Some of them have been lying out for over three weeks, and there does not seem any probability of them beingigathered in for another three weeks, unless there is a great change in the atmospheric c3nditionr. Yet in the churches thanksgiving services are being held for the in-gathering of the harvest. To my mind, it seems hardly to be quite the thing to hold these thanks- giving services no matter what the state of the harvest may be,and leads me to think that the idea is chiefly to raise money, the thanksgiving being a minor consideration.

Prominence has been given to the fact that Lord Newton has promised a donation of .£l,OOO to the extension fund of St. John's Church. It is certainly correct that his I.ordship has promised to contri- bute this sum, but the committee cannot reckon upon it as an assured sum just yet. It appears it is h dged round with certain conditions,the principal being that should the extension cost say £7,ooo,and the committee have £6,000 towards it in hand,Lord Newton will give his £l,OOO to make up the amount required.

Scarlet fever is still very prevalent in this dis- trict, the portion chiefly affected being the Corn- mpn and Newton. In all cases where isolation cannot be secured, the patients have been removed to the infectious diseases hospital at Warrington. It will be pus seen that every effort is being made to prevent the spzead of the disease, and although the cases are amongst school children they are not so numerous as to be described as epidemical and it has not so far been found necessary to interfere with the schools.

Talking about schools reminds me that the edu- cation question is becoming a rather serious one in Earlestown in the voluntary schools. We have So far been able to keep out the School Board, but my impression is that it is looming right ahead,and that its introduction may not be such a great way off. During the next week or two a house to house can- vass is to be made on behalf of the District Council School Attendance Committee, for the purpose of REcertaining how many children there are of school age. The maximum age has been fixed at 15, so that particulars will have to be given of all children up to that :aze. Householders therefore need not be alarmed when the canvasser calls for informa- tion.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER' SATURDAY_ SEPTEMBER 26, 196.

ADJOURNED LICENSING SESSIONS AT WA RRIN GTON.

Thursday was the day fixed for the holding of the adjourned licensing sessions at Warrington,but, in striking contrast with the sessions held on pre- vious occasions, there was a difficulty in obtaining sufficient magistrates to preside on the Bench. In order te hear an application which was to be made it was necessary to have the presence of three mem- bers of the Licensing Committee,but at ten o'clock only two had put in an appearance,viz :—Mr. John Fairclough, and Mr. E. J. 6uest. Telephonic mes- sages were sent to the business establishments of the other members of the committee but it MIA found that the majority were out of town. As a last resource a cab was despatched for Mr. J. W. Hayward, and at 10.30 that gentlemnn arrived and thus prevented a further adjournment of the ses- sions. The application to be heard was that made by Mr. Benjamin Kenyon of the "Green Man" beerhouse, Bank Quay, for a wins license to sell on the premises. The applicant appeared in person, and said ha had made the ap- plication for three successive years. "..5n the first occasion there was no objection what- ever to it, and he did not know of any opposition this time. He was repeatedly asked for wine by customers and a wine license was needed very much.—The Chief Constable said he did not think that if the wihe license were granted it would do much harm or much good. The " Green Man" was a well-conducted bserhouse and one of the best in the town. There was a fully-licensed house called the Bowling Green 140 yards away, also the Ship Inn, 198 yards away, and the Railway Hotel 398 yards away. The Bowling Green and the Ship Inn were in Liverpool-road, and the Railway Hotel in Milner-street. He had visited the house and he found it was very well kept aid well conducted. It was not a very large house. consisting of two par- lours, a taproom and a bar. There were no drinking rooms upstairs. Some people did not drink beer and might want a glass of wine. It might be a con- venience to them if they could be supplied with it at this hottse.—The application was refused.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH NATIONAL LEAGUE OF GREAT BRITAIN.-WARRINGTON BRANCH.

ANNIVERSARY OF ROBERr EMNIET.

A "meeting tinder the auspices of the above organisa- tion was held in the Druids' Hall on Sunday,to celebrate the anniversary of Robert Emmet. The chair was takan at 3 p.a.. iv the ?resident, Mr. J. C. Dalton, who was supported by Mr. Scully, J.P., chairman of the Gorton Urban Beard ; Professor O'Brien. of Manchester ; Mr. Kilduff, Mr. Roddy, Mr. P. Lane, Mr. Malone, Mr. Lyons, Mr. Thomas Li!gallon, hoa. treasurer, and others. The hall was crowd's!, and the meeting was of an enthusias- tic character. .

hd CIirAIRM. AN in his opening speech remarked that they were met that day to commemorate the anniver- sary of a man wit° was ne assassin. He was a true hero who hesitated not to dare the enemy in the open in hottest strife. The Irish nature was averse to the policy of assassination and outrage. Tits English Govern- ment were the real promoters of all the conspiracies of a base nature that had ever existed in connection with the Irish difficulty. Let England give to Ireland the measure of self-Gevern- mint she asked for, and such a thing as an Irish dyna- mitard would be a thing of the past. They the people who formed the Irish party, believed that Ireland could gain her rights without any law of God or of man being violated. In order to fully appreciate the lessons taught them by the life and death of Robert Emmet, they should become conversant with the fearful effects of the penal laws under which the people suffered. Some of them would doubtless like to heir from him an account of the deliberations of the great convention recently held in Dublin. He would briefly annouece to them the message of the eonvention to the Irish people. It was twofold in its nature. First the message commanded them to unite, to obey, and to assist the true leaders of the people of Ireland to put down insubordination, to turn out the traitors, and to create a real party, which would be loyal and true, and constant in its demand for Irish freedom. The second portion of the message was that they must maintain an independent party pledged to uphold majority rule. The Chairman then intro- duced

Mr. SCULLY, Justice of the Peace for the city of Man- chester, who in a forcible and effective speech gave a graphic description of the condition of:lreland at the titne•of Robert Emmet. He was followed by Professor O'Brien who delivered a most eloquent panegyric on Robert Emmet. Mr. O'Brien concluded his learned dis- course by exhorting the Irish people of Warrington to rally round the green flag raised in their midst. Mr. O'Brien was frequently interrupted by the loud applause w icla greeted his eloquent and burning words. The following resolution was proposed by Mr. Lyons and seconded by Mr. Killduff :—‘• Resolved, that this meeting records its appreciation of the noble spirit ex- hibited by Robert Emmet, by his pure and devoted life, andihis most glorious death ; given freely in the cause of freedom. And we desire that his example will be the means of emulation among our young Irishmen on be- half of their country ; likewise we desire to place on record, our disgust at the cowardly conduct of the Con- servative Government now in power,for not taking long ago the initiative in attempting to put a stop to the horrible atrocities perpetrated by the unspeakable 'I urk." The resolution was carried with acclamation. Subse- quently Mr. Malone, Mr. Lane,and Mr. Roddy addressed the meetirw, which af tor the usual votes of thanks had been adopted and responded to, was closed by the sing- ing of "God save Ireland "by the whole audience.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

LANCASHIRE AND CHBSBIRE ASSOCIATION. FINAL TIR.—VICTORY OF WARRINGTON SOUTH. WARRINGTON SOUTHv. Imen.—These teams played off their tie in the final for the Association prize on the green of the Radcliffe Club at Withins on Saturday. It will be remembered that both teams were defeated in the semi- final of the senior competition last month, and under the conditions which govern the contest they were entitled to compete for the handsome prizes offered by the Assoc- iation for clubs who have been se successful in reaching so far a stage. There was a fair attendance, and the first pair to try conclusions were J. Gleave and T. Collier. The former took a lead at the onset, and though Collier managed to" peel" at the tenth end, the Warringtonian never allowed his opponent another opportuaity after this, and at the close Gleave had won handsomely by seven paints. T. Hackett played a consistent good game and though for the major point of his match with R. Lathem he was in arrear, he played up pluckily at the close, and excellent bowling from the 23rd ond lauded him a winner by five points. E. Shaw mat W. Cocker, and the Leigh player early gained a substantial lead allowing the Warringtonian little opportunity, and at the close Cocker gained the game by a majority of five points. It was a rare game between T. Locker and 11. Forshaw,and the issue hung in the balance nearly up to the close. The players repeatedly peeled,but at 18 each Forshavr secured the jack, and ultimately ran out winner by three shots. It was refreshing to see J.Shaw play quite up to his old form, and though J. H. Cocker gave trouble at the onset, the Warringtonian eventually bad a Icing run if success, and won his game in hand- some style by eight points. W. Bolton proved himself a consistent plat or, and his victory over R. Radcliff was well merited. B. Hall succumbed to W. Houghton, and the veteran South player was behind almost throughout his game, losing at the close by nine points. P. Wells gained a substantial victory over S. Hayes by eight points, and from the tenth end the issue was never in doubt. It was left te D. Wilcox, the South skipper to gain the most decisive victory of the day. From the time the first wood was delivered, Wilcox never allowed his opponent isuch chenee,and from the fourteenth end Isherwood failed to score a chalk,the Warringtonian)win- Ding by a dozen points. The game between F. Berry and J. Southern was an exciting affair throughout, and it was not until this game had run into thirty ends that Southern gained the victory for his side by a single point. W. Shaw failed to maintain his reputation, and his decisive defeat at the hands of W. Collier by eleven points was one of the surprises of the day. The last game of the afternoon saw another Warringtonian being subjected to defeat, R. Fairbrother only making 17 points against 'l'. Smith's 21. It will be seen from the table below that of the dazen games played each side claimed a like number of victories,but the Warring- tonians accomplished theirs in so decisive a style as to give them the distinction of winning by 13 points. WARRINOTON SOUTII. LEIGH. J Gleave 2l T Collier T Hackett R Shaw T Locker J Shaw W Bolton B Hall l2 W Houghton 2l P Wells D Wilcox F Berry W Shaw ll W Collier 2l R Fairl,rother

_ Total 220

Total 207

MORE GREAT CURES of torturing, disfiguring, skin scalp, and:blood humours are daily made by CIITICURA remedies than by all ether skin and blood remedies com- bined. The best physicians endorse and prescribe them. Chemists everywhere recommend them. They may be safely used from the moment of birth, and are guaran- teed absolutely pure by the highest medical authorities, whose certificates accompany every package. They are sweet, gentle, and effective, and especially appeal to mothers, nurses, and children, as well as to the refined and cultivated everywhere. They cleanse the system by internal and external medication of every eruption and impurity, and consitute the most effective tkin cures, blood purifiers, and humour remedies of modern times.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND THE ARM':;NIA.N ATROCITIES.

REFERENCES AT CAIRO-STREET CHAPEL:

The pulpit at the above place of worship on Sunday evening was occupied by the Rev. W. H. Drnmmond,tise pastor,who spoke upon the crisis in Constantinople and the Armenian massacres. He remarked that the call of God caine not only to individual men but also to nations of men,and they were at the present moment standing at a period of their history in which a great divine call had come to them,a call from a field red with slaughter and rapine and lust. They in that chapel had not forgotten the address of Professor Thoumaian delivered it') that pulpit nearly a year ago oa the Armenian massacres. Since then, for a few short months, they seemed to have heard less of these ghastly horrors, but those of them who had gene at all closely into the question were hardly surprised that the respite was a brief one, and that now these horrors had come nearer home ; no longer in the mountain fastneases of Armenia, but actually in the streets of Constantinople. He was not that night going to harrow their feelings with any description of scenes which they already knew toe well. That surely was quite need- less. Where was there a man who had read with ordin- ary care his daily paper during the last few weeks whose flesh had not crept, whose heart had not quailed, as he read of things which entered like iron into the blood, and which would haunt them as dreams of horror to their dying day ? And ia face of these things, things so terrible that language itself almost failed to tell Of them, they found the great Christian powers of Europe doing nothing, debating amongst themselves how they might escape from doing something, tolerating this hide- ous crime in their midst rather than rue any national risk. He knew of nothing in recent European history which was a mere ghastly commentary upon the hollow- ness of their Christianity. But there were signs that feelings his England were at last being stirred by the spectacle of things somewhat nearer home, and they wore profoundly thankful that at last the common Chistianity of their country had found its deep voiee up- lifting itself everywhere in protest and indignation. And now they might ask him what could they do? They were all horrified at these things. They could to a certain ex- tent measure the terrible menace that they were to their western civilization. "But what can we do?" they asked. It seemed but a small thing to speak burning words and hold deeply moved public: meetings, but if that was all they could do then let them ia God's name do that, and let them not be misled in thinking that even these things did not mean much. In the first place they could be in deadly earnest about this matter. The time had gone by for talking ;shoat it in easy tones, and , wondering whether after all things were quite as bad as they were painted ; that they had got troubles enough at home, and why, therefore should they trouble them- selves about things a thousand miles away? The time had gene by for all that, and every true English heart must be in dewnright earnest on this matter. If they said that they did not know much about it, then he said that it was their duty to know about it. There were some things of whisk ignoranee amounted almost to a crime, and when their fellow Christians, whom time and again they had promised to protect, were being exterminated with every barbarity, then they as Englishmen were bound to know about it and to be earnest in the way ef approaching the subject. In the second place they could recognize the power of the people at a time lilts this. England was a democracy. That meent that ultimately government and great deci- sions of national duty were in the hands of the people. It was true that they had to trust a few gifted men to conduct delicate negotiations, to frame their laws, to carry on the machinery of political government,but they were powerless unless they felt the force of the people behind them, and it was from the people and from them alone that the moral force and the conscience of political action came. And so it came to this that in all matters of grave national duty, when they were in danger of neglecting to do what God called them to do, it was for the people to speak and to speak with no unz:ertain sound and to say it, not without reflection, that the time at which they had arrived now in this perplexing Eastern question was one in which the people must take the matter into their own hands, and speak with a deci- sive voice. In the third place they Gould lay hold of the great Bible words, as their daily salvation at a: crisis of this kind—that "righteousness exalteth a nation," and put al! selfish considerations behind their back. There were many men who were telling them to be prudent,to be cautious, to move slowly in the matter. There were men who were appealing to the instincts of self-preserva- tion, and there were others who were working upon the selfishness of their commercial instincts, and these men were doing all that they could to prevent any intervention on the part of this country. New let him put an extreme case. Suppose any action they might take to put an end to these indescribable horrors, to this iniquitous system of government in the Turkish empire ; suppose any steps they felt bound to take should mean loss of national prestige in the eyes et semi of the , ether countries of Europe ; eunpose it should mean some actual curtailment of their commerce ; suppose it should mean some actual suffering to some large number of their people, was that any reason why they should not do that which was right? Our Lord had said that the man who would save his life should lose it, and he was sure He also would have said that the nation that would save its life at the cost of national duty should lose it ; for after all what was it that made a nation great, what was It that made them proud of being Euglisit- men ? Not surely the gigantio erea of their colonies,not the fact that they were sufficiently powerful for other nations to be jealous of them, but it was the solid and enduring qualities of the English character which had built up:reetional4reatnesB. And they could only keep these qualities and only preserve their greatness in proportion as they did their duty. They were great in so far as they had the national conscience and national opportunities of right doing, and if they refuse to do their duty because they were afraid that it might mean some suffering for themselves, siaould they have any reason ever afterwards to be proud of the English name? And so he asked them as members of the Church of Christ, to listen to the call of God which was coming to them in the midst of their thanksgiving—their happiness and their tranquility—coming to them from the harvest fields red with blood, which were waiting not for the happy songs of the gleaners but for the dark wings of the angel of judgment. SERMON BY THE REV. J. YONGE.

The Rev. John Yonge spoke at Wycliffe Church upon the subject of the Armenian atrocities on Sunday even- ing,taking for his text the words " Deliver the poor and needy ; rid them out of the hand of the wicked." (Psalm lxxxii-4). The preacher at the outset remarked that the psalm appeared to Abe intended as a solemn charge to those who held office as judges and rulers of the people, and it seemed that so long as the Christian Powers of Europe maintained friendly relations with the iniquitous Sultan of Tuekey they deserved the rebuke of the second verse—" How long will ye judge unjustly, and accept the persons of the wicked ?" Having re- ferred to the apathy which had previously prevailed upon this subject,Mr. Yonge went on to say that now, however, the state of opinion had changed, and every day was showing that there was throughout the kingdom a tremendous uprising of inter- est, sympathy, and indignation upon this most serious matter. The nation was taking fire ; it was awakening to the consciousness of a national and Continental crisis that might lead to speedy events ef the largest significance. There could, therefore, be no longer any doubt as to tho propriety and even necessity for plain speech from Christian pulpits as to what was becoming the duty of Christian nations, and of their own nation in particular. The Rev. John Yonge then proceeedea to graphically describe the position of affairs, pointed out some of the horrors of the massacres, and read an extract from the report of an eye witness who had been successful in escaping to London, to show that the barbarities had not been exaggerated in the public press. These were, Mr. Yonge said, only random ex- tracts from the harrowing and ghastly details of those awtal days. The Embassies of the European Powers were for the time horrified, and they did not hesitate to —what? Protest ! They even told the Sultan that he was eadangering his dynasty by these deeds of blood. Also they went sofar as to refuse to illuminate,as was custom ary, on the anniversary of the Sultan's accession, which day coincided with the massacres. The preacher added that even up to the present the authorities of the Porte were sending the Armenian dwellers in the city by a series of ship-loads avowedly back to Armenia. There was, however, every reason to believe that they never reached Armenia. Canon Rawnsiley, of Carlisle, preach- ing a fortnight ago in the Parish Church of Crosthwaite, reeds the following awful statement which was said to be an ascertained tact :—" Same little time since a diver went down to his work in the Bosphorus, and found himself suddenly in the presence of what seemed to be an army of men standing upright in the swaying tide. There they stood with lead weights at their feet and heavy stones around their ankles—an army of dead men. Ile counted 40 from whore he stood. That was but a detachment of hundreds of Armenians who had been taken from the city and carted into the deeps. One night recently 300 men were spirited aboard an old ves- sel, and that vessel put off at deau of night into mid-tide and had never more been seen." Such were some of the horrors transacted even in Constantinople itself, under the very windows of the Embassies of Russia, Austria, Germany, Italy. France and England. And yet all that these six Powers could agree to do was to protest, and warn, and consult, and diplematize. Than what was the plain duty of the six Christian Powers in the face of that diabolical devastation of a Christian people? Three words defined that duty, their duty was to stop it. What any half olczeu passers-by would do if they saw a fiendish brute committing any such atrocities as those upon a defenceless man or woman,thesesix powers ought to dc) with that crowned malefactor and murderer. They ought to stop him at once and for ever. Well, why did they not do it? Remember, they were Chris- tian Powers, and it was a Clirician people that was being done to the death. Therefore, every religious sympathy should be impelling them to act. Every hum- ane motive should constrain them. Why did they not interfere? The only true answer to the question was a scandal to their commea Christianity, and a disgrace to humanity itself. They did not interfere ; they allowed the Imperial murderer to go on in his hellish work—they

suffered hundreds and thousands of innocent and helpless Armenians to be dishonoured, ruined, beggared, tortured, drowned, and slain, because they feared any active interference would imperil their own particular interests. National selfishness and mutual jealousy in every case were making the European Powers inactive. They were afraid of one another, afraid that if the Turkish empire became broken up— which it must be sooner or later—they could not all get out of it what they wanted. They foresaw a quarrel, but could not foresee either its extent or its issues, and so they did nothing. And they were bent on hindering one another from doing anything. Rather than imperil their interests they would not "deliver the poor and needs', nor would they rid them out of the hand cf the wicked." Time that night forbade him dealing in detail with that mutual selfishness of the six Powers. But they were bound to say this, that as Christian Powers they stood convicted before the bar of Christianity of infinite and unpardonable selfishness. And more, as they who would net prevent sin when it was in their power to do it be- came partakers in it, so these rowers became morally responsible, along with the Sultan of Turkey, for the whole of that Armenian slaughter. He did net see how believers in national righteousness, and believers in Divine rule and righteousness, could hold any other opinion. The whole of European Christendom at any rate was implicated in that awful guilt, and so long as they continued inactive their responsibility must go on. Their duty was to stop that sin, and if they did not stop it the sin became their own, and that was how the case stood as he lavelit, in the light of truth. Seeing then that the six eowers hesitated to act, what became the duty of the sem to which they belonged? That was the question which after all they had to face. It would seem from the events of the past two or three weeks that the British people were ROW rapidly coming to believe that they had a peculiar duty and responsibility in that Armenian crisis. The apathy of a year ago was gone. The difference of opinion as to national reeponsibilisy was also largely disappearing. The feeling was intensifying that they could not much longer endure the spectacle provided for them by the Sultan of Turkey. The cry of perishing Armenia was becoming tee piercing, too agonizing to be longer disre- garded. Their Christianity was thrilling with sympathy. Their most humane sentiments were 'stirred, and they were calling to mind that they had treaty engagements, which involved them in peculiar obligations. What were these? In 1878 there was made an Anglo-Turkish con- vention by which England engaged to keep Russia out of Armenia on condition that Cyprus was ceded to her by Turkey, and that the Sultan should introduce reforms for the better government and safe pro- tection of his Christian subjects. There was the special responsibility entailed upon them of seeing that the Turkish reforms should be carried out. But also by the Berlin treaty of the same year religious liberty was to be granted by the 'Suiten to all hi 3 Chris- tian subjects, and by the 61st article of that treaty the Porte undertook, without further delay, to provide for the better condition of Armenia, and to guarantee its security against Circaesians and Kurds. None of these pledges had ever been redeemed. rho Berlin treaty had been treated as a dead letter ; and the Anglo-Turkish convention also, that was, by Turkey. Well, if the six Powers would not combine to enforce the Berlin treaty, then let them combine to compass the same end in some better way. But if they would not move at all, then it became the peremptory duty of this country to discharge its own responsibility. What he thonght they needed to feel was that they had then come to the point when that matter rite far beyond all party politics. It could then only be dealt with on the high grounds of national Christian duty. Two lines of action, it seemed to him, lay before them as a nation. The first was this : a deliberate and determined endeavour to once more bring about a settlement of the concert of Europe. Their Government should make it perfectly clear to all the Cabinets of Europe that they had " no axe of their own " to grind in that matter; that they were not the utterly selfish nation they were willing to think them, and for which unhappy opinion they might be somewhat themselves to blame, but that what they did Peek was the ending of a Power at Con- stantinople which had been a cause of continual unrest to Europe. and hopelees misery to its own subjects, and the establishment of purity and righteousness in its stead. Let their Government de more than use lan- guage—let it offer distinct and definite pledges of their sincerity. Let it declare that the work should be done by any one, or any two,of the Powers. Only let it make it perfectly plain that if those proposals were declined England would do her duty, if need be, single- handed and alone. They might hope indeed that some happy effect uponithat matter might come of the visit of the Czar to their Queen this week. They should all join in the earnept prayer that no fell deed of diabolic hate might be attempted against that young monarch as he came to visit his venerable relative. But they should be equally earnest in desiring that the aged Queen and youthful Czar might so confer at that critical affair of international state that good might follow. But if not then assuredly " we must pause no longer but go for- ward trusting in God." Mr. Norton, of London, said the ether day that he spoke but the thought of all when he said that he for one was ready to dare all and sacrifice all to end that unspeakable iniquity in Europe. Even if England were left in isolation and should perish, better so than to bear the sting of shame, that they pledged themselves to secure a perishing people, removed them from the protection of a power which would in a way have secured them, and then hung back ' for fear of consespences. They were men of Peace, they served the Prince of Peace,hut the Prince of Peace was also the God of Battles, and his servants for- bidden to fight in self-defence et. in personal vengance I were by all their vows called to put on the helmet of 1 salvation and gird themselves with the sword of fied,to succour the oppressed and to bind up the bleeding sore of a natien. In those sentiments he agreed. They I might appear extreme, but they were not extravagant. They had been driven to extremes, and in such a case it became them to be strong and of good courage. " Net once or twice in our rough island story, the path of duty is the way to glory." It was, however, by no I means certein that the duty would prove to be so perilous as it looked. It did not appear to be at • all inevitable that even the single- handed action or Great Britain would provoke a European war. Neither was it certain that if they began alone they would be left alone. The point how- ever was that—be the peril what it may—even should they be left to face the fury of the nations, they should be engaged in a conflict for the right. They would be engaged once more in a conflict where the country had won many laurels, the struggle for freedom, and in such a strife greater was He that was on their side than all they that could be against them. Now having those views of the present crisis and the duty it involved, it became them to join in the movement now spreading to express the national feeling and to support the Govern- ment of the Queen. They should do SO with the greater earnestness because so much peril to huntanity seemed ins olved in the delay. Said one of the best informed correspondents of the Press—" There is a pause in the work of maneacre, but Constantinople is a hell, and the next massacre will not be confined to Armenians, nor will it be unresented. If the Powers do nothing, we shall see all hell let loose throughout the Empire." Let them then speak out calmly but decidedly, assuring the Foreign Minister that they would uphold him in a firm, manly and Christian procedure of espousing the cause of the oppressed, by challenging the co-operation of Europe for their help, but failing that let him commit England to a task which she had achieved before, and by the help of God she could achieve again. Ever might their nation be found both willing and able to" deliver the poor and needy, and rid them out of the hand of the wicked,"

===== 0002601_18960926_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
A RESOLUTION PASSED.

Mr. ZIBX ARMITASH said with a deep sense of respon- sibility be moved the following resolution :—" Resolved (1) That this congregation, assembled in Wycliffe Con-gregational Church, Warrington,.oe Sunday eveninte September 20th,1896, having cens.idered the present ter- rible events affecting the Artm.inian. people, desires to express its deep concern and disapeintment at the con- tinued ieaction of the Powers of Europe, and earnestly impleres her Majesty the Queen to appeal to the Czar of Russia, during his Majesty's visit to Balmoral, in the name of Christianitylaud humanity, begging him to co- operate with Great Britain in rescuing the surviving Armenians from the terri fie outrages and slaughter by which so many thousands of their countrymen have beers visited at the hands of the Sultan. (2) That this assembly assures their Majesties' Governments of hearty support in speedily adopting, if possible, in alliance with other Powers,effec:ive measures to stay the hands of the Sultan from further outrage and barbarity, and to bring to an end a reign and Government that are a scandal to humanity and a curse to the world. (3) Finally, that this congregation earnestly prays that the Government may be strong and of good courage, and be Divinely directed in all its councils and decisions." Councillor HENRY ROBERTS, J.P., seconded the resolu- tion. Re said that when he received Mr. Yonge's re- quest to second that resolution he felt himself inade- quate to do justice to the importance of it. But the sermon to which they had listened had tio fully and com- pletely stated the whele case an I aeticipated anything he might say that it was quite sufficient to formally second the resolution. He might add that lie did net think it was impossible for any of th, in who were out- side the diplomatic circle to thoroughly understand the terrible crisis which faced the Ministers of her Majesty, and while tksere might be reasons to explain the splendid isolation in which we stood to-day still It was not a time for criticism, but a time when every man and woman who desired the peace of the Armenians should do all that lay in their power to support Her Majesty's advisers in what they might con- sider necessary or desirable to bring to an end the pre- sent condition of thiugs in Turkey. They all hoped that the visit of the Czar of Russia to this country might bring with it a peaceful, and let them hope a speedy ter- mination of these horrors. If it were thought neces- sary, surely the Queen would endeavour to use her influ- ence so that our country should act and co-operate with Russia in this matter. But whether that were dame or not, we had in years gone by inaple ourselves responsible to these poor people of Armenia by the authority under which:welkept them out of the hands of a friendly power, to protect their lives and property, whatever might be the consequences and the loss to ourselves. It was our

duty to let it be understood that these things would not be tolerated by this country any longer.—Tbe congrega- tion signified their approval of the resolution by standing up in a body.

RESOLUTION PASSED BY THE WYCLIFFE P.S.A. SOCIETY.

The weekly meeting of the Wycliffe P.S.A. Society was held on Sunday afternoon in Wycliffe Church. Mr. William Roberts presided, and in referring to the crisis in Turkey said he was glad that the hearts of the people had been stirred in denouncing the abominable murders which had been carried on in Constantinople. They did not speak in any sense as politicians but he hoped they spoke as Christian men and women and as aChristian na- tion. It was not possible for him to exaggerate the enor- mities which had been perpetrated, and he was sure he was speaking the sentiments of everyone present when he said that they were disgusted at the time which had been allowed to elapse without anything of a tangible nature being done to put a stop to the abominable wickedness of the Turk. It seemed a matter that could not be ex- plained away that the large powers of Europe should almost stand aside and watch the evil going on and yet be powerless to stop it. he thanked God that the coun- try had at last awakened to the necessity for prompt and immediate action. It must be gratifying to notice that in that matter the country had awakened to a sense of its responsibility without any leaders. (Hear, hear). The indignation had come as it always had come from the masses of the people and be believed the feeling of the country at the present moment was that they must stand no further nonsence in regard to these atrocities. During the past two years it was estimated that no fewer than 200,000 people had been massacred at the instigation of the Sultan of Turkey—or four times the population of Warrington massacred. If war was necessary to put a stop to this wickedness, then let there be war, and God defend the right. (Applause.) The address for the afternoon was delivered by Mr. Lennox, of Manchester, and the musical portion of the service was made additionally attractive by the singing of a solo by Mr. Fieldhouse. It was announced by the Rev. John Yenge that the membership now totalled 1021. Referring to the Armenian question, the rev. gentleman said it was suggested the previous Sunday that a petition should be sent from the members of that P.S.A. Society, but he had noticed that several P.S.A. societies in the country had passed a resolu- tion, and he thought that course would be the better one to take. He would therefore ask two members to propose a resolution to be sent to Lord Salisbury and Lord Rosebery.—Mr. Haley then moved a resolution, desiring to join in the widely spreading expression of disgust at the events in Turkey and assuring the Government that any measures taken either in conjunction with other powers or not for put- ting an end to the reign of terror in Turkey would meet with their unanimous support.—Mr. Hickman in second- ing the resolution said he wondered that they had been silent so long on this very grave and important question. The resolution was a protest against the inhuman out- rages and bloed-curdling massacres which had been tak- ing place amongst their brethren in Armenia, and he had pleasure in seconding it.—The resolution was unani- mously passed, each atember of the congregation stand- ing up. RESOLUTION BY THE WARRINGTON BR kNCH OF

===== 0002601_18960926_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
THE IRISH NITIONAL LEAGUE

- At a meeting held in the Druid's Hall, Warrington, on Sunday, under the auspines of the local branch of the Irish National League of Great Britaio, a resolution was passed recording their "disgust at the cowardly conduct of the Conservative Glvernmeot now in power, for not taking long ago the initiative in attempting to put a stop to the horrible atrocities perpetrated by tie unspeak- able Turk." The president of the branch. Mr. J. C. Dalton occupied the chair. GOLBORNE-STREET BAPTIST CHAPEL.

The following resolution was passed at Golborne-at. Baptist Chapel, on Sunday evening, viz. :—" That this congregation, learning from time to time of the oft re- curring scenes of massacre and atrocity ; desires to ex- press its horror and indignation thereat; and to join in the national prstest against the present system of mis- rule in Turkey. It would further appeal to Govern- ment to take every possible and immediate step in its power to terminate the present reign of terror, and to afford permanent protection te Armenian Christia.ns.who are at present being so cruelly and relentlessly murdered and prays that by the Grace of God such heartrending scenes may speedily be done away with." Copies of this resolution were sent to Lords Salisbury and Ro,Tbery.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
REVISING THE LISTS.

AT PENKE rn.

The revision of the lists of voters for the townships of Bold, Cuerdley, Great Sankey and Penketh, was con- dected by Mr. J. T. Foard, barrister, at the Crown Hotel Penketh, on Wednesday morning. Mr. W. T. Holland Owen, assisted by Mr. Mawdslay, appeared on behalf of the Conservatives, and the Liberals were represented by Mr. H. Wilkinson. The assistant overseers present were : Mr. Jonas Foster (Penketh),Mr. James Houghton (Bold), and Mr. Jonas Wright (Cuerdley).—The Conservatives made aipobjectiem to the vote of Mr. Turner, of Higher Broughton, Manchester. on the ground that the address given on the lists was not correct. Mr. Owen said they had directed a letter to the address given, and it was re- turne3 to them owing to the incorrectness of the address.—Mr. H. Wilkinson rose to ex- plain, and to rive the correct address, but in answer to a question by Mr. Owen, be said he was not instructed by Mr. Turner to do so but by the Liberals, and Mr. Owen objected to him doing so.—Mr. Foard upheld the objection, and the name was struck off the lists.—Mr. S. Geugh of Warrington, said he wished to make a claim fora vote as owner of five freehold cot- tages at Great Sankey. In answer to the Revising Bar- rister, Mr. Gough said he had not sent in a notice of his claim. The Revising Barrister said the application was too late now. Notice should have been sent in by an agent or by the applicant himself at the proper time in order that the claim might be investigated. He there- fore could not hear the claim at that court. AT WARRINGTON.

On Wednesday afternmon and evening Mr. J.T. Foard, revising barrister, continued his revision of the lists of voters, county and parochial, for the Newton division at the Police Court, Warrington.—Mr. W. Holland Owen and Mr. D. Mawdsley appeared for the Conservatives and Mr. Renshaw for the Liberals. There were also present Me. W. Holbrook, Conservative agent for War- rington, and Mr. J. L. Tunstall. assistant overseer.

CLAIM EY A THEATRICAL MANAGER.-•.AN INTERESTING POINT.

Mr. Joseph Potter claimed a vote for the Theatre Royal, Scotlaud•road.—Mr. Renshaw: Have you got the deeds r—Mr. Potter: No. I did not think it necessary to bring them.—Do you occupy the building P—Cer- tainly.—According to the claim you state you live at Wilderspool Causeway P—l never said anything about Wilderspoel-road. My address is 6, Parker-street. —I suppose you occasionally use this theatre for your own purposes ?—Yes, every week.—Your representative is there if you are not P—.-Always.—You have your own office there ?—Yes.—As a matter of fact you occupy the place regularly ?—Yes.—Then it is a borough vote, £lO qualfication. You ought not to have two votes.—Mr. Owen: The theatre is not occupied by him but by travelling companies.—Mr. Renshaw: But he says he occupies it regularly. He is entitled to be registered as an occupier in the borough of Warrington.—Mr. Owen: He is not,—Mr. Renshaw: A man who has a LA qualifi- cation in the borough cannot vote for that qualification in the eounty.—Mr. Owen : He can vote in the alterna- tive. He has his qualification for the county and as such I maintain he has his vote.—Mr. Renshaw : Be- cause he occupies the place for which he claims his county vote he cannot have it.—The Revising Bar- rister to Mr. Potter. Do you take any portion of the receipts, in the ferns of rent from the building or do you carry on business there yoarself beyond letting it to companies P.-7;d r. Potter: It is a partnership for the week being.—Mr. Renshaw Then it is clear occupa- tion ?—The Revising Barrister: I think it is the same occupation as a man has at his office, his studio, or his warehouse,for so many hours a day.—Mr.Owen : Would that disqualify him for his county vote?—The Barrister: lam Inclined to think if it was in the borough it would. Mr. Renshaw: Certainly.—The Barrister: I must leave it over. I cannot say lan clear about it. It seems to be a novel point.—Mr. Owen to Mr. Potter: Are you in partnership with T. P. Pigott, and is the qualification sufficient to entitle you to a county vote P—Mr. Potter: Yes.—Mr. Renshaw : They are not entitled to a county vote; because it is a borough vote. One works into the other.—Mr. Potter : lam the general manager for the four partners.—Ultimately the Barrister said he would allow the vote at present but he would think the point that had been raised,over.

TOINI OWNERSHIP BY BROTHERS.—ONE VOTE OR Two?

Mr. Thomas Tunstall applied for a vote for a freehold printing office and buildings, the tenants being John Walker and Co., of the "Examiner Office" and others. —Mr. Renshaw: How did you acquire this property? —Mr. Tunstall: I prirchased it.—Who is John Lave. rock Tunstall ?—My brother.—Mr. Renshaw: One man is already on the list for the same property. If a man claims a county vote in respect of premises he oceupies as a borough voter he cannot have it.—The Barrister : Is your contention that they ctnnot both come on P—Mr. Renshaw: My point is that it is a jrint purchase and they are joint owners, and I don't care whether these men are occupiers or not. The mere fact that John Laverock Tunstall is already on the register in respect of the same qualification prevents anyone else coming on.—The vote was allowed subsequent to further consideration.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
owscrioxs.

Mr. Owen objected to the vote of Mr. Thomas Grime, of "Clifton," Heigh'', for a house and shop in Bridee- street, Warrington.—The vote was allowed and Mr. Grime granted 10a. 6d. for his trouble in attending. Mr. Owen also objected to the vote of Mr. John Peter Hazlehurst for the freehold house, 39, !Bewsey-street.— To Mr. flazlenurst : When did you sell it ?—I never did sell it.—The Barrister : Are you under any con- tract to sell it in the future? No.—The vote was allowed and si. expenses allowed Mr. Hazleburet.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

THE NORTHERN UNION.

A meeting of the committee of the Lancashire sectleo of the Northern Union was held at the Spread Eagle Hotel, Manchester, on Tuesday evening, Mr. T. H. Smith presiding. The fallowing transfers were granted:-- H. A. C oss from Wigan to Swinton, R. Hill from Brad' lord to Salford. D. Roberts from Stockport No Salford. and J. E. Shepherd from Bron,ghton Rangers to Runcorn. Permits were granted a follows : H. Broome, R. Mellor. with Oldham; R. Sephton, J. Girrard• R. 14-)we, and J. Stott, St. Helene; H. Routledge and R. Rradlf (Kirkby{ Lonsdale), W. M' Donald, J. Watts (Barrow)' and T. Bagle3 . Morecambe ; J. Tomlinson and S. Brook, Runcore;A. M' Gregor. 0, Unsworth, A. Hightoll, T. Jackson, and T. Holt. Leigh; J. Cheethatn sod, J. Dennett, Wigan; F. Kelly, J Leyshon, T. Began, anu T. Hamlin. Widnes ; J. Manifold, Swinton; J. WallworN (Rochdale St. Clement's),and J. Frame (South Si 'elds); Salford; W. R. Palmer (Altrincham), A. Connelly an° G. A. Beardsall, Stockport; W. Parr and J. Hogatt Tyldesley; T. Gibbon (West Hartlepool) and A. Aehworto (Crompton), Rochdale Hornets.

===== 0002601_18960926_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DYNAMITE PLOT.

SERIOUS STATEMENTS. Edward Bell, otherwise Edward J. Ivory, was charged on remand at Bow-street on Thursday with conspiring to cause an explosion in the United Kingdom, and all with counselling,aiding. and abetting the commission offences against the Explosive Substances Act, 150' Mr. Gill,who appeared tor the Trea‘ury,gave a brief out: line of the evidence the poice hive obtained of the cone nection between Bell, Tynan, Haines,and Kearney...A, said it would be proved that the four men let.- New in August, and travelled to Antwerp by different routes: At Antwerp premises were taken where the manufac tore of explosive bombs could be carried Men had to be found in London or Mastro° ""; use these bomba, and it was for the purpose of sec tind, , someone to use the m:ilosives in Glasgow that Bell made his porFey to that city. The correspondence found up- on him included letters of introduction to persoas Il Glasgow given to Bell by Kearney. Formal evidence of , Bell's presence in Antwerp, in Comp.ny with Hainel ae and Kearney, and of his arrest in Glasgow, was subSe' quently given, and the prisoner Ws again remandei- The Government are said to have recognised that it would be impossible to secure the extradition of the tie. men, Kearney and Haines, who were arrested at Ratter dam, and are stated to have decided not te take ail further proceedings with regard to them.

.1 lel

izx Co' Warrington.—Printed and Published by Joie( The Examiner General Printing Works. Bess." .0,0" and Published also at The Examiner Office, Victorist, WIDNES; High-street, RUNCORN; 32, George.streersb.o HELENS • and 33,Market-street,ElßLEoTolti.-411kV1 26th, mi.

`'..•.-___.,_.

: tr

,BPeatal Mist ,Naturday 04. at 7. arriara' Gr

The nex "rill be hf livening. If Inembei

The Mis When sery Pan.

14 the Pt October,

St: _ ATON

*ill (Teal

lyiNC

MRS. C luniors, 6 lars addre

AIN AS ,tuardiane (with • dischari 40th.r of h4Dpliennt ‘Qemseive 4tPartrnent eheract( not:day, ( Prohibited

tewse 1:1ES• V

llou"ing Lt f :3e Ii tr4:jsi var _ 404111'U 1 em ( riUK 'jOBE: k'ersom °147, an R. tANCA Qt, NO of ARTE ' MONI ilclock in owing At the uthe 21st .400,

At the the 28th forenoon,

•

qt other .

1110 h CLAI ) (Sol geslay keti_'lll„ tar '111(ai 4* S btd urn tiaktlan. G464X; lasgow ;

%ill 64,

I.° '‘Aaus, eat, tietZ4ll tit, lid orka 40,103 to 1.)17 tc

s • N. ()trISZA. 11 TON 0111 PA 1114,Ser. kiVti.h'' '4l

===== 0002601_18960926_art0119.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_A6

===== 0002601_18960926_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
UNITED EVANGELISTIC MISSION. CONDUCTED BY REV. JOHN MCNEILL. THE WELL-KNOWN EVANGELIST. PARR HALL, WARRINGTON. OCTOBER 4TH TO 16TH, 1896. Full Partin are see Future Announcements.

Y.111•CA• FRIA.RW GREEN HOUSE, WARRINGTON. Unsect2rian. Non-political. %„011tnovr:—" The Moral, Social, Physical and Spiritual "liare of Young Men." 8171180RIPTION : 16 to 21 years of age 2s. 6d. per annnm. over 21 ' . ss. e Youths department Is. 6d. „ YOUNG MEN CAN JOIN AT ANY TIME. SHORTFIAND.-Mr. G. J. BROWN, F.N.P.S., Will meet all those Interested in Shorthand, at the 441 C A on FRIDAY, 25th Inst. at 8 pm. Elementary, •• `ww.ediate, and Advanced Classes will be formed. OTHIPt CLASSES NOW IN FORMATION. ,Call and see the General Secretary, who will be pleased to Particulars of Classes, &c., EDMUND OSBORNE, Gen. Sec.

YCLIFFE CHURCH, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.—TO-MORROW (Sunday) EVEN- SEPTEMBER 27TH, FREE and OPEN SERVICE. all HOUR ONLY. Sermon by Rev. 3. YONG)? ; sub- t• " Christ's: First Word to Men and Women." Anthem, Seek ye the Lord." Solo by Mrs. R. H. PEARSON. All :410.4 free. flour 6.30. Usual offertory.

lINcoRN SCHOOL BOARD. EVENING CONTINUATION SCHOOL, VICTORIA ROAD. The CLASSES will be OPENED on MONDAY. September cgth, at 7 p.m., when he Prizes and Certificates gained last %don will be distributed by F. J. BORMAN, ESQ., 3 P., Chairman of the School Management Committee. All interested in Education are invited. pjiTTBIBeTS OFIINSTRUCTION : Reading, Writing and Arithmetic, Algebra and Mensuration, Corn- al Geography, English History, Chemistry, Vocal sic; and for Girls. Sewing and Cutting-out, Nursing and f?Stem Physiology or the House of Life, rther particulars may be obtained at the School, or at the °at Board Office. G. MOSS, Clerk to the Board. Ilettool Board Offices, Runcorn, September, 19th, 1896.

WARRINGTON TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. -- SCHOOL OF ART. Ira...lifting Painting, Modelling, Design, Life Classes, '4lework., Wooel-carving. SCHOOL OF SCIENCE. b*netry, Mathematics, Building Construction, Machine Vulg. Appli,d Mechanics. Steam. Physics (Theoretical k, Practical). Chemistry (Inorganic and Organic), b:Allurgy, Physiology, Hygiene, Woodwork, Iron and Steel, elsolaking. COMMERCIAL CLASSES. .W"ting. English, Shorthand. Arithmetic, Book-keePing. sllch, Spanish, German, Music. CONTINUATION SCHOOL. 'Sara, tory Classes in English Composition, Arithmetic, taiLaand, brawing. Elementary Science, Needlework, *Y. 0'614 Classes re-open MONDA.Y, 21st SEPTEMBER. bk, ,lasses, TUESDAY, Bth. Per fees and other particulars %%144 of Classes and Syllabus, to be had gratis (by post id.) Museum. CHARLES MADELEY. Secretary.

lIESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL. DOMESTIC _l3 Chi OLARSHIPS. —The County Council offers for com- 7_tain twelve scholarships tenable at the Dairy Institute, Con for nine weeks commencing Oct. 12th next, to oh - Irominstructlon in Dairy Work, Cookery, Laundr . y Dresscutting, Needlework, Bread-baking, Sick Zit Iklff and Poultry Keeping. Candidates must 6t74.-.7_ ten than 16 years of ago.—Applications to 'warded to R. P. WAND, Organizing Secretary's Office, l• not later than October sth, 1896.

REAL CHESHIRE CHEESE. PRIZE DAIRIES. PRICES MOST REASO4AELE. RENRY MILLING & CO., LTD., 5, HORSIIMARKET-STREET AND CORPORATION-STREET, WARRINGTON. l'pliatie No. 48.

I,,t4kWri MOWERS! WN MOW ERS koafa THE ONLY MAKERS OP LAWN MOWERS rited by Royal Warraat Makers to H.M. the Queen and his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. \-r,,,EN'S PATENT " ISILENS MESSOR " LAWN MOWERS. WITH IMPROVED WHEELS AND SOLID LINK STEEL CHAINS. '4/4W MONARCH and OTHER PATTERNS. Take the lead of all o hers, and are the 0141;4;1T, FOREMOST, and BEST IN THE WORLD. trave stood the test for upwards of thirty years, and "ssik7rrled off EVERY HIGHEST PRIZE which has beea 4tha:p, all eases of competition. 4te Oa in oonstant use in all the Royal Gardens and Srth°l"l. . will cut either short or long grass. bents, ka., wet or ptLIIVBRY ONE SENT OUT IS GUARANTEED to give entire satisfaction, civiat it may be returned at onoe Free of COST to the PURCHASER. sAt,,,el be had o: all respectable Ironmongers and Seeds- “' '4 the United Kingdom, or from the Manufacturers. .4 "LAS GREEN & SON. LIMITED, SMITHFIELD IRONWORKS, LEEDS, 11141,.. AND WORKS, BLACKVRIAES ROAD, LONDON S.E, e Paid to all the Principal Railway Stations in the United Kingdom. nitrated Price Lists, with Testimonials, Free or Application. GARLAND, IRONMONGER, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRIN GTON.

DIANOS FOR HIRE, 10s. Per Month. Tunings Free 1 NO HIRE CHARGED IF PURCHASED IN6 MONTHS. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST HOUSE IN EUROPE FOR HIRING PIANOS AND ORGANS, CRANE AND SONS, 217 To 225, SCOTLAND-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

PIANOS.-10s. per month on Crane and Sons' easy n two, or three years' system. There is no other house in Europe that offers such really good phno on this easy system as CRANE and SONS, 217 to 225. Scotland-road, Liverpool.

C_OOD SOUND SECONDHAND PIANOS returned form hire.—Far superior to badly-constructed, low- priced aew ones. Great sale -Grande and Cottages, Broaiwoods, Collards. Erards, and other makers, from 210 to £lOl. Send for descriptive catalogues. All pianos packed free and sent to any part.—CRANE and SONS, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

_ DURCHASERS who can pay cash will find that the cheap- _l eat house in the kingdom for new Grand and Cottage Pianos by Broadwood, Collard, Brard, Steinway, Bechstein, and other makers of repute is Crane and Sons, 217 to 225, Scotland-read, Liverpool, where the merits of the Pianos by the respective makers can be tried side by side. All Pianos packed free and forwarded anywhere.—CßANE and SONS, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

Mu"'so, 000 COPIES AT id. BACH. Lista post free, from CRANE and SONS, Great Iduale Warehouse, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

CYCLES FOR LADIES The WAVERLEY " BELLES " and others. From 210. nYCLES FOR GENTLEMEN, The WAVERLEY " SCORCHERS" and others, From 210. Any Machine may be Purchased upon the Hire System, extending from Twelve to Eighteen Months. WILLIAM LEA, 50 & 52, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

UPTURES, - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. -LIU T. RGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registeredl; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 9, Grosvenor-street Lon- don-road. Manchester.

k,JOINS AND MEDALS. TO COLLECTORS. On SALE, Fine and Rare GOLD, SILVER, and COPPER COINS. WAR and HISTORICAL MEDALS, COIN CABINETS, Ice. Highest price given for Coins, Medals, China. Old Sheffield Plate. Antique and Modern Silver, Curios, Diamonds, Jewellery. and Old Gold. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO., NUMISMATISTS, MEDALLISTS, AND JEWELLERS. 63, R ENS HAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 181 g. Valuations for Probate.

VIOLINS. BOWS AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Chanot). Strings, Bows, Cases, /to., of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRA.NCHEB 37, RENSBLAW-STREHT, LIVERPOOL.

ESTABLISHED 1828. Wm. H. & G-. H. I3REAPER 96, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. HIGH-CLASS PIANOS HEARD BY STEINWBG COLLARD & COLLARD, BRINSMEAD. . HOPKINSON, BOND, AND ALLISON. THE CELEBRATED DREAPER PIANOS. ON EQUITABLE HIRE SYSTEM. GUARDING HIRERS FROM ALL RISKS OF UNFAIR TREATMENT. FROM 78. PER DIONIH. CASH PRICES FROM 16 GUINEAS- -96. BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 6457. Telegrams s' Apollo."

THE ISLE OF MAN is at its Best during the AUTUMN MONTHS. No other Health and Heasure Resort san offer such an unbounded variety of attractioas for a Holiday at this period of the year. Short sea passages by magnificent steamers from Liverpool ports. Ouides, Steamboat Sailings, and Lists of Accommodation seat free by A. W. Kato,.s, Athol- street, Douglas, Isle of Man.

L AST TWO TRIPS OP THE SEASON. The Pact Paddle Saloon Steamer FLY IN G FALCON Will sail (e.ircumstances permitting) from PRINCE'S LANDING STAGE for SOUTHPOR l' AND BACK, AT THREE P.M. SUNDAY 2dria AND 27TH INST., Calling at New Brighton 15 minutes later. Returning from Southport Pier at 6 p.m., at riving back at 8 p.m. RIMER FARE. is. 6d. Refreshments en bard at moflemte charges. Office, 27, Water-street, Liverpool. Telephone No. 2,334.

LIVERPOOL AND GLASGOW, CALLING AT GREENOCK. Goods booked through at cheap rates to or -- front Warrington. Runcorn, Birmingham, Wolverhampton, and all parts of Staffordshire. Weather and circumstances permitting, OWL AND BEAR. Or other steamers aro intended to Sail (unless prevented by some unfaroseen occurrence). SEPTEMBER and OCTOBER. FROM LIVERPOOL. FROM GLASGOW. CLARENCE DOCK, And by train from Glasgow to (South-west side). Greenock at 6.30 p.m. Tuesday 29, 2pm Thurslay 1,37 pm Saturday 3, 7 pot Wednesday 7, 3;orn Ordinary Psres.—Cabin (including steward's fee). 10c, Return (available for two months), 15s ; available for ten days 12s 6d. Steerage, Se; Return (available for ten days). 7s 6d. Return tickets are available by Messrs. Langlands' Liver- pool steamers and also by their Manchester steamers on pay- ment of is. AGENTS.—J. Bruce Murray and Co.. 24. George-square, Glasgow ; J. and J. Denholrn, Greenock. C. fdACIVRR and CO. 9, Albert-square Manchester. and 64, and 65, Tower Buildings, Water-street, Liverpool.

- SATURDAY AFTERNOON AND SUNDAY SAIL- DIGS TO NORTH WALES. The splendid Saloon STEAMER SNOWDON will sail (weather permitting), EVERY SATURDAY, at 2 p.m., for LLANDUDNO, allowing about 11 hours ashore and arriving back at 8.30 p.m. Return Fares for Half-day Excursion, 35. 6d. First &loon ; 25. Bd. Second Saloon. EVERY SUNDAY at 10-45 for LLANDUDNO, BEAU- MARTS, and MENAI BRIDGE, arriving bsck about 7.45 p.m. Foefurther particulars apply to W. H. DODD, 31, Tower Buildings, Liverpool. Telephone No. 1,585.

DAILY SAILINGs. NORTH WALES AND BACK THE SAME DAY. The Cheapest and Least Tedious Sea Trips out of Liverpool. Best and Quickest Route to HOLYWELL, ST. WINEFRIDE'S WELL, PANTASAPH, AND RHYL. The Fast Pasidle Saloon Steamer FLYING FALCON, Will sail fiom the Prince's Landing Stage and Mostyn (weather and other circumstances permitting), as under :-- LIVERPOOL TO MOSTYN AND BACK THE SAME DAY. Average passage, 1 hour and 45 minutes, giving passengers about three hours ashore in one of the prettiest spots in North Wales. Long day trips about 10 hours ashore. SAILINGS. FROM LIVERPOOL. FROM MOSTYN. Monday 28th Sept 10-0 a.m. 1 Monday 128th Sept 3-45 p.m. Tuesday 29th Sept...lll-6 a.m. I Tuesday 29th Sept 4-0 p.m. Wed'sday 3eth Sept 'l2-Q noon I Wed'sday;3oth Sept 4-45 p.m. Single Faro, is. 6d. ; Return Fare, 2s. ; Bridge 'bars. Tickets net transferable, and available tor day of issue only. SOUTHPORT EVERY SUNDAY at 3 p.m. Reiura fare 15.6 d. Office. 27 Water-street, Liverpool. Telepnone 2,334.

WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. EVERY WrnivEsPAT. BRITANNIC Wed.. Sept. 30. I *MAJESTIC Wed.. ()et. 7. Cotton not earned on Passenoer Meaner:. Second Cabin will be carried on tne vovage marred thus*, Steerage passage at low rates. including Outfit free of charge to New York. Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimere. Apply to DIMLY, IMRLE, and Co., 34, Leadenhall stroe , London. 8.C.. and 10. Water-street. Liverpool.

I ISEMEDIATIC CASH on Furniture and all kinds of articles 1 either for sale or steraqe, ~n long nr short periods or purchased outright or instantly.—George TURNZR AND SETS, Auctioneers, to,, 44, Church-street, Liverpool. Telephone 1897.

HENRY WHITTY, 15, BASNETT-STREET, LIVBEPOOL. LAWN TENNIS, CRICKET, GOLF, BOWLS. CROQUET, FISHING- TACKLE, ARCHERY LAWN TENNIS RACKETS RESTRUNG, ss. Ageat for T. H. Ayres High-Grade Cycles. Illustrated Lists Gratis. -- * CYCLISTS' FIELD GLASS, 30s IN LIGHT ALUMINIUM, c) MLA. INDISPIINRABLH FOR TOURING. CHADBURN & EON, OPTICIANS. 17, JAMBS-STREET, LIVERPOOL. (Opposite Mersey Tunnel Station).

pERSONAL APPEARANCE.-ROW TO IMPROVR.—TAILS OF PURR HAIR, les. ed. HAIR COMBINGS 1 per oz. 1 IMMOVABLB 1 from MADE UP, f 2s. SCALPETTBS, f els. MULES BROWN, 3, MICE- TRiMIT, (top of Bold-street), LIVBRPOOL.

THE FAMOUS NINE OILS discovered cy the 1. Fransican Monks is a boon to sufferers from RHEU- MATISM, SPRAINS, BRUISES. LU?dBAGO, SCIATICA, NEURALGIA, and STIFFNESS of MUSCLES. It is mnicat in its effects and gives relief when others fail. Testi- monial from Mr ROBERT STOWELL, 40. Thirlmere-street, Leigh.—Please send two bAtles of NINE OILS irnraediately, it is a wonderful remedy.—Rvery Bicyclist. Footbiller. A thelete and Farmer ought to have a bottle handy.--Prepared by J. WoosEND,Chemist. 22, Pitt-street, Liverpool, in bottles is lfd and 2s 9d. free by post Is 4d and 2s, Agent in Warring- ton, Mr. Yourret. Chemist, Warrington,

NEW MILLINERY. NEW FLOWERS AND FEATHERS. NEW ORNAMENTS. UNTRIMMED HATS AND BONNETS In great variety. SPE*CIAL GRAND SHOW ON SATURDAY NBXT AND FOLLOWING DAYS AT HARMAN DREW, 129, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL,

et mann. ------______-_------ FAIRHAVEN HIG SCHOOL (for Boy s), ST. ANNBS H ON-THE-SEA. Situation unsurpassed. NEXT TERM September 16. Prospectus on application to the PRINCIP AL

HOLIIESDALB COLLEGE, Westerham. Kent, 20 miles from Charing Cross, Boys receive individual attention and most careful training ; highest references ; fees moder- ate.—Apply PIII/WWAL. Established 1882. - QCARBOROUGH.—VALLEY BRIDGE MOUSE, South Cliff.—HlGH-CLASS SCHOOL for GIRLS. Thorough Modern Education. Home care. English and Foreign Cer- tificated Teachers. Principals. MRS. and Miss WINTER. Next Term,September 21st.

MR. J. d. LYTMGOE, Organist and Choirmaster of Christ Church, Waterloo. receives or visits penile for Pianoforte, Organ, Theory, Harmony, ke. Candidates pre- pared for Musical Examinations. MAny past sucoesses.— Address 7, Winmarleigh-Ltreet, Warrington.

CARLISLE GRAB/MAR SOROOL.—Meadntaster, F. J. R. BENDY, M.A., late of Vettes College. Bdinburgb. oarders received in Headmaster's house. Ristranco scholar- ships annually in July; buildings new and well equipped, with southern aspect, gymnasium, cricket field, laboratory, fives courts, Esc. Boys prepared for an the usual examines- on s •

UAREINGTON Ladies College. New Brighton. Cheshire. A. Seaside Home School. Resident qualified staff. inelud- in_g French. German, and Kindergarten. Music and Vol°s development a speciality. Extensive grounds. Well-lighted schoolrooms overlooking the open sea. successes in exam- ination. Excellent diet. Perfect sanitation. Principal, We. VEACO.

MA NCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL. FEB, £4 4s. per Term. The TERM began September 15th. Prospectuses, forms of application, /to., may be had at the boo!. ' OWEN W. COX, Receiver. N.B.—The BOARDING-HOUSE in connection with the School is situated at Higher Broughton.

G. AND J. PERCIVAL, PARK SIDE DAIRY, GREENWAY-ROAD AND 7, LOWLANDS-ROAD, RUNCORN. ALL KINDS OF VEGETABLES FRESH FROM FARM DAILY. NOTED FOR FINEST FRESH EG-GS AND BUTTER DIRECT FROM FARM. All Onion Promptly Attended to.

CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. CASH OR EASY PAYM NETS. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. LANCASHIRE FURNISHING CO. NEW PREMISES. NEW PREMISES. NEW PREMISES. NEW PREMISES. NEW PREMISES. NEW PREMISES, 56 AND 58. SPEAR-STREET (OLDHAM-STREET). MANCHESTER. We beg to announce that, in consequence of the great increase in our trade, we have been compelled to REMOVE to more commodious premises, and have taken the large Six-Storey Building, NOS. 56 & 53, SPEAR-STREET, JUST BEHIND CROSBY AND WALKER'S, OLDHAM STREET. Which have the Largest Showrooms in Manchester, where they will be more able to cope with the great business the has favoured them for the last 15 years. THE SHOW OF NEW AND SECOND-HAND FURNITURE, &c., Is, without doubt, the Finest in Lancashire, and the buying public will do well to inspeA before going elsewhere, either for Cash or on our Easy Payment System. CASH DISCOUNT 5 PER CENT. Buy from the Warehouse and save 30 per cent. Buy from the Warehouse and save 30 per cent. Buy from the Warehouse and save 36 pr cent. Buy from the Warehouse and save 30 per cent. -- DRAWING-ROOM SUITES from DINING-ROOM SUITES trim BEDROOM SUITES from 2 10 KITCHENS FURNISHED from 3 10 6 BEDROOMS FURNISHED from IRON AND BRASS BiiDsTRAJS from 0 12 6 WOOL BEDS, complete, from FRATMER BEDS, complete, from 1 15 6 FULL-SIZE WOVE MATRESSES from FULL-SIZE STRAW PALLIASES from 0 4 11 AND EVERYTHING FOR THE HOUSE AT EQUALLY LOW PRICES. NOTE OUR NEW A- ND ONLY ADDRESS. LANCASHIRE FURNISHING CO., 56 & 58, SPEAR-STREET, OFF OLDHAM-STREET, MANCHESTER. ALL GOODS DELIVERED- FREE BY OUR OWN CARTS AND IF BY RAIL CARRIAGE PAID.

9 1 I 1 1 • G. PATERSON, FLUSHING, HO LLAND, TEE TURF REGISTER, Published twice daily. Pest free. Telegraphic Addresses: PATERSON. Flushinz ; BUMPTIOUS. London. a

'l6, 18 AND 20, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. J. AND W. DUTTON BEG TO ANNOUNCE THAT TIM WILL MAKE THEM AUTUMN SHOW ON TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY NEXT, SEPTEMBER 29m AND 30rs AND FOLLOWING DAYS, WHEN ALL THE LATEST NOVELTIES IN MILLINERY, MANTLES, AND PRESS MATERIALS WILL BE ON 'VIEW IN THEIR SHOWROOMS.

LADIES DRESS BASKETS FROM 20s. PORTMANTEAUS, GLADSTONE BAGS ac. Good quality, at lowest .prioes. NORMAN'S, TRUNK MANUFACTORY, ROSCOE ARCADE (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURES OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From E4s. ISATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. fid. 395 AND 41, DALE STREET. 121 LORD STREET, AND 8P S Fa , PARKER TRE , LIVERPOOL.

ESTABLISHED 1879. CHARLES COTTON, BeOTLAND-ROAD (MorritAm's TA.RD), WARRINGTON. TURNING, PITTING, SCRBWOUT PING, .PUNCHING, DRILLING. CHINBRAL SMITH'S WORK (Light and Heavy Perninics). &C. MOISES CARRFULLY SHOD. Estimates Supplied Ptee.

NO PART of the world Inviting settlers. offers brighter prospects to the Agriculturist than ONTARIO. Descriptive Pamphlet with Maps. sent free on applica Mon to the ONTARIO LiOVERNMENT AGENCY, 7, James-street. Liverpool.

AUTUMN AND WINTER FASHIONS W. HODGKINSON, LIMITED, 46 & 48, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL SHOW OF THE NEWEST FASHIONS ON NEXT TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22Nb & 238 D, AND FOLLOWING DAYS. The Various SHOW ROOMS Are rsplete with NOVELTIES IN MANTLES, COSTUMES. MILLINERY, AND OUTFITTING. MAGNIFICENT SILKS FOR GOWNS AND BLOUSES. EXCLUSIVE DESIGNS IN ROBES AND DRESS -MATERIALS. LADIES' TEA GOWNS, DRESSING GOWNS AND BEAUTIFUL UNDERWEAR.

FOOTBALL SEASON. UNSWORTH 8205., FOOTBALL OUTFITTERS &C. FOOTBALL, RUGBY & ASSOCIATIO N. FROM THE BEST MAKERS. • SHIRTS, JERSEYS, PANTS, HOSE, BELTS, t, SHINGUARDS. INFLATORS, &C. Spacial Quotations for Club Outfits. Place Your Orders Early. LIME STREET, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON.

REARDON BROS., FISH AND POULTRY SALESMEN, COMMISSION AGENTS, Nos. 1 and 3. FISH MARKET. AND 33, PINNER'S BROW, WARRINGTON. Hawkers, Priers. and Shops supplied anywhere at Lowest Market Prices. A trial solicited. Note telegraphic address —"Fish," Warrington.

TO PICTURE-FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. MORBLL,I7 and 18. Great St.Andrew-st.,Bloomebury, W.O. Cheapest House in London for English and Foreign Picture-Frame and Room Moulding, Veneered and Fancy Wood Meuldings..k.c. Wholesale Ca:vers and Gilder and Moult Cutter. Regilding. Special attention to country orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Books just put..- lished, 1117 page. containing all the newest designs for six penny stamps. Glass Lists Free monthly. Telegram BA BBITRY. Linden."

ESTiRLISHEL 1851. BIREBECK BANK.. Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, London, TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed on DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, on minimum monthly balances when not drawn below £lllO. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purchased and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT. For the encouragement of Thmft the Bank receives small aeon deposit, and allows interest monthly on each corn Plated R. BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECIE FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FITE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars pest free. FRANCIS RAVENSCROFT, Manager.

UNDER THE CLOCK. IN BRIDE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GOOD BOOTS.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE The beat and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Bold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister bd., 10d., and is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDRS AND SON. WARRINGTON

THOMAS FRAIN, DEBT COLLECTOR and GENERAL COMMISSION AGENT, 28, BEWSEY ROAD, WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION Special Arrangements, km., for the Collection of WHOLESALE ACCOUNTS.

GIIINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. IsLLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S MOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be WO In CASH or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM WINWICK ROAD, WARRINGTON, Also Sole Agent for ANGU)-BAVARIAN AM ,BR ALE. WARDLE'S HOREHOUND BEER

THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., Li) DINOEWIS AND PENRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL, GEMENT, PLASTER. STORE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR B BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR ACICHITS, WHITLEY & CO., LD., BIOKERSHAW COLLIERIES. HEAD OFFICk : Arpley Station, Warrington. Telephone 19, } Tel. Addree., Arpley, Warrington. Warringt,,r.

In Penny rackets with full directions " CALIFORNIAN" PREPARED IN ENGLAND for Personal and Domestic Uses. BORAX EXTRACT OF SOAP. " Extracts " all Dirt without Rubbing In ilb,, and 11b., Packets. IT) iBORAX DRY SOAP. Sweetest and Best for Daily Use In ;lb., and 11b., Packets. BORAX ROYAL STARCH GLAZE, Queen's Enamel for Starching Purposes. Penny Packets for using with every kind of Starch. Sold by Dealers in Soaps everywhere. MAEPne : THE PATENT BORAX CO., LTD., BIRMINGPIAM AND LONDON, SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. is lid. and 2s. 9d. per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps) are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys ; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety, sate' excess in eating or drinking, and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mer- curiels, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walwortb-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN, BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, is. lid., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bail the ase . SMITH'S NVILUABLE PILE POWDER, AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES, SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors.

DISTRESS AFTER EATING. PALPITATION OF THE HEART, SLEEPLESS- NESS—PAINS IN THE BACK. Hetltb, Strength and Ambition Restored by HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA. The intense misery suffered by people who have dyspeptic troubles cannot he described. Indigestion or non-assimilation of food, affects the entire organism, and disarranges the who:e system. The distress after eating palpitation of the heart. Inability to sleep and other symptoms, use up 07 wear out so much bodily strength that all ambition, energy and even hope teem lost. The toning and strength-giving qualities of Hold's Sara:sea- rilla are just what are ne, ded in such cases, as described In Mr. Simmons's letter below: "I Rlll sending a line or two to say that I have releived great benefit by taking Hood's Sarsaparilla. I have been a sufferer by over twenty years with dyspepsia and general debility. I have been to many hospitals, and medical men, and could get very little benefit from them. " I have spent about £47 in money with the head physi- cians, and none have done me so much good as Hoods' Sarsaparilla has done me. I fi el a better man now than I have been for thirty years. I have taken both Hood's Sarsaparilla and Hood's Pills, and will ,eaornmend them all over the world, for they are the best msdieine and Pills I hay, ever taken They give ft good appetite. and rest at night, and enable one to go to bis work." Davin Sittmoals, Blynhill Lawn, near Shifnal, Salop. " Having suffered from pains in my joints, rheumatism and indigestion for the past six mouths ; upon receiving your paper, sent for a bottle of Hood's Sarsaparilla. I feel stronger since taking it. and mean to give it a fair trial." A. LING, Grove-st., Gienbam, Saxmundha:n, HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA Is sold v ehernies. Price 2s. 9d., and 4s. O. Or can be obtained by post by sending pros in stamps or postal order to C. I. Hood arid Co.. Ltd., 34, Snow Kill, London, B.C.

TOBACCONISTS Ocmmencing ; write for Illustrated GuicitY and Catalogue (259 pages) 3d. TOBACCONISTS' OUTFITTIIi. CO.-186, Euston-road, London. Manager, HENRY MyERS. —Advt ----- .. . . ..... , ~ . , ~.. . PENNYROY Atall 1 7, ;' . OWLE's T' 1.- riLL . T &.,_ EE i.- - • - - 4fOR FEIVIC4t.A..E.S. .- ..r, •, QuICKLY CIORRECI. ALL IRREGULARITIES, REMOVE ALL ousxn.ocnows, and relieve the distressing symptoms so prevalent with lite Sex. Boxes, lai & 2/9 (the latter contains throe times the qtoritity), of all Chemists, or will be rent anywhere, on receipt of 13 or 34 stamps, by the Maker— E. T- TOWLI, Chemist, Nottingham. Boyars qf/saitatents, injurious and worthies& -,..%

I . REE TO MEN. When you are tired of taki.. auseous and mysterloti, prescriptions and compounds, which do you no good, but Wfl?. ruin your digestiveorgans, write to me and I will send 70.1: a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN 041; for lost strength. wasting weakness, &0., from whate°.,, Cause origin,. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTIIIt, ITT. Sent In envolope o** receipt of two stamps for poetoS" A. J.LEI4II. 92-93. Great Russell-street. London, W.O

„ _ ÜBJECT TO. /(00'' 1444id°;:ir••occa FREE 'TSHIS PAPER BEINO MENTIONED. WE, the Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa, Ltd., of Suffolk House, Cannon St., London, E.C., HEREBY PROMISE to send FREE on receipt of your name and address (a Postcard will do), a Dainty Sample Tin of Dr. Tibbles Vi-Co.coa, so that you can Test its merits Free of charge. tor Not a medicine, but a wonderful food beverage. Such Is Dr. TIBBLEe Vi-Cocoe. As a ccrncentrated form of nourishment and vitality it iS invaluable. Pleasant and palatable and embodying the numerous principleg contained in malt, hops, kola, and cocoa it imparts nourishment and builds up strength. Sold in 6d. packets and 9d. &mils. 6d. tins. This unprecedented offer of a free sample is made as a means of introducing so palatable and invigorative a preparation into every home. A postcard will do. Address; Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa, Id., B.ullolk House, Cannon Street, London, E.C. ZeSZ ia aboolituly necessary Chat the name of tins paper should be :mentioned when accepting the above din

Manteb.

AN ILK. MILK.—WANTED a few good DAIRIES of well- CI cooled; Bank or Farmers' references.—HOWAßD, 1, Upper Wilmott-streat, Hulme. Manchester.

TOBACCONISTS commencing; See Illustrated Guide L and CAtalo4ue (259 pages) 3d.—TOBACCONISTS' OUTFITT- ING CO., 186 Huston-road, Loudon. (50 years' reputation) Manger, HENRY MYERS.

I_lo ME Employment, either sex; plain writers preferred. Book correspondence. copying addresses,etc.;no cinvas - sin whatever; enclose addressed envelope.—Address Joitx E. LISTER. Oakworth, KeighleV.

H 0,111 EMPLOYMENT.—EI a week can fbe easily earned by either aex by using the new Premier Knitter; will knit stockings, socks, combinations. &C. For particulars apply to B. hornwELL. 1. 3 and 5, Market-st., Bolton. T-EGIBLE, Trustworthy WRITEES of either sex, disiring good-paying hems employment, should at once for- ward otaanped •directel envelope to PUBLISHING OFFiCE, 25, Palmerston-road, Wimbledon, Surrey. Established 1889.

'WANTED, SHOP PRBMISBS in best marketing thoroughfare ef St. Helens; suitable Grocery.— AppCy giving full particulars, meatorements, rent. leade, &c.. to GROCER." Box 650, Sell's Advertising Offices, Fleet-st., London, B.C.

ALL PERSONS possessed of good education, from Office Boy, Junior Clerks, Clerks, to that of Secretary, Manager, &C.. age 14-25, are guaranteed excel•ent Situations ; salaries from I4s to £5 weekly.—All particulars Mr. TILDES- LET, Lavender Hill. London, S.W. , lA/ANTED, in or near Cheshire, SITUATION as assistant V V in Wholesale Wine and Spirit business, Bottle and order department preferred, by young gentleman, at present La large Wine and Spirit business in Sheffield, climate does not suit Advertiser.—Apply VlNcEirr, it, Wadbrough-road, Sheffield. SLERPING PARTNER, required With from £4O or £BO cash to enable advertiser to work up old Established business, capable of extraordinary development. The cipital will be entirely unoer own control. An income of £240 is guaranteed but there is every prospect of incomer drawing £5O each month. Particulars sent upon application fully ex- plaining everything, ILEX, 15, Paddington-street, Lon- don, W.

STAGB.—ODOARDO BARRI, composer of the world re ' nowned " Old Brigade " and "Shadow of the Cros• ," &c. director requires educated LADY and GENTLIDIAN AS PIRANTS with good voices, to train in his celebrated school rem which have emanated 330 pupils, man- in leading pod. ,tions. Salaried engagements guaranteed. All .comm uuloa- tons private and conitiential, by appointment only.— 60, argaret-street, W. Stamp.

guarrllantaus. GEORtie; JACKSON PAWNBROKIIit, JEWELLER. AND SILVERSMITH 69, AND 61. CHURCH-ST.. WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHEr, JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS. FU1tNII111:11. CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING, CHINA, GLASS, GUNS. and MUSICAL IN- STRUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES. TO CLEAR OUT And make room for anew Stock of Forfeited Pledges we are offering Men's Youth's and Boy's Clothing .at a great reduction. PNGLIS II CONCH ETINA.---Just LÀ Forfeited.by LaChenal of London full compass, in spl.ndid mahogany Payments taken case; a grand opportunity; cost late owner 8 guineas and'has haroly been 595. 6D. used ; our price IVERMANTEL. just. out; splen- did Walnut OVERMANTEL, Canopy and Brackets for Orna- ments, Bric-a-Brac, &c. ; stands 42 Payments taken inches high. 34 'nth wide, with best English plate and bevelled edges; a splendid hance,one not to be missed call and see this and judge for your 355. selves ; price

A. GRAND Pair of enclosed Dres- Payments taken sing TABLhS. in excellent condition ; sold elsewhtre for 475 6d. 395. our price for same

ITERY handsome TOILET SET, Payments taken V price to clear, ss. 11d. • also another SE only T. hand-painted ; 12s. 6D. _ MIN AT ONCE. U SNEC OM CLUB., The ANNUAL BEp GGreatest Value ever offered at the price. One pair very largOill-wool BLANKETS: one pair very large-size Bolton twill -MEETS ; one large-size Honeycomb QUILT the Lot only 17s. 6i1., at 1 shillirg per week. Only 100 pairs left. Grand Opportunity. Call and in-poet the above. rl()R LIVER TROUBLES, U e Blinkthorne's Liver Pills ; 1: post free 14 stamps.—BLlNKTHulta, Chemist, Salis- bury.

ATYPEWRITER for Us. 6d., thoroughly practical nsa- chine. Ask speeimens.—GElHAM, 95, Bath-street. Glasgow.

URUIT GROWING.—A. Book of 100 pages. How to grow .1: Unit in the fields ; post free for is. 10.-11, WELLS (8), Crawley. a

CIIOICH CIGARS from 2s. Ild. per 100; 25 assorted bamples.2s. ; 12 assorted, Is. Pay duty (e postman.— J. ROGER, Vale, Guernsey. A STEOLOGY, Marriage, Business Ac. ; State place, Birth- Li. time. Sex; is. to ss. D. ALTAIR, Care Of F. CHARLES- 'WORTH. 134, Derbyshire-lane, Sheffield. 13 `l,l',l.G:,lll,AgliorMo'ziAnTamN ConcertsS in and verse.eEanntedi nm just post free Is.—Fanaxa. Bookseller, Reading. _ — MARRIED LADY, has Valuable Harmless Recipe of great importance to Ladles. Stamped address for. pArti- culars. Mrs. E. WILSON. Elder Grove, Sheffield. FULL SIZE Feather Bed, Bolster, 2 Pillows. Linen Tick, containing 3 stone pur'fied feathers ; carriage paid, 355. —DICKINSON. and. Co.. Bed.iing Factory, Lincoln. 10,0 0 0 crie.Did3smtlisem, ;1.:01).0. Business nseos4.lCards, cash; samples ld.—W. A, SMITE. Printer, Csrltou Hill. Leeds.

SPLENDID Assortment of New Season's Patterns for our Celebrated 10s. 6d. (to mea.ure) TROUSERS. Wonder- fully Rood vaIue,—HAGUE AND Co., Limited. 5. Byrom-st. Liverpool.

(10NSTIPATION.—Excellent remedy for this dangerous ‘..) complaint. Recipe by Eminent Physician.--Send 7 stamps for recipe to HARPER, Ingersley-road, Bollington, Macclesfield.

MBA SHINICRS.—Lady offers prctty service in pink, green. light or dark blue, 40 pieces. carriage raid, nly lie. 9d.. genuine bargain.- F. H., 75, PAIRFAX-ROAD, Har- engay, London. - - - RHRIIMATISM. safe and easy cure without drugs. Turc-o Russian bath and vegetarian Christian home. near Crystal Palace; terms moderate.-8., PIERCE'S LIBRARY, High-street, Sydenham.

CHAMBERINIL—Lewis' patent Sanitary Cover for use in bedrooms. recommended by Doefois. Nurses. and the " Lancet." 2s. 3d. per pair, post free, prepaid from U. W. BLOW, St. Albans. 'IOIOLBYEL'S CELEBRATED PIANO. 3. known to all the world's GREAT PIANISTS and Musicians; may be OD- tamed through the lozal Agent, or direct from 170. New Bond-st.. London, W.

no YOU want to be your own Master? If so apply for an Agency, whole or spare time, in any district, stn,4 work yourself up to a good position.—R2l, Corm's ADVER- TISING AGENCY, WOrCeltet. - X FOH 4 Stamps we send one Pair folding Scissors and o-e Patent Penknife, both Sheffield steel guaranted. Use- ful present, together with amusing Novelty C4tatleAue.— VARIETY CO., Dilston. London.

VSTA.BLISHRD 1875—Assorted Crates Seconds Earthen- -1.1 ware and China. 50s. and upwards. Prices on appli- enatoi.-W. COOPER and Co., Ayshford-street Works, off Clayton-st Longton, Staffordshire. -- - - - Il IRSHcrellwAs Ise(dm) (mixed) 7a. sc. 6.1; 2 rbr, (IV 2 61. . B,ldisiso. t its r kiwis of Nails and Rivets Lt wholesale prices.--111toLs ND NAIL Woms. 25 and 28, Rea-street, Birmingham. - - - WOR CORNS.-Ryairs Corn Solvent is the safest and 1' quickest cure. Never fails, painl e s and env ain ; 74d. and is. by post id. extra.-Prepared only by P J. Itr Chem:st, Portland-road, Stoke, Devonport.

Olfgailancouo.

DICNTISTS.— A few Vulcanizers. Lathes, F asks, &c. cheap; approval.—DENDY, 200, Wakefield-road, Brad- ford. x_ CORNS, certain cure, post free Md. in stampa.—HowE. 53, Derby-road, Nottingham. (NI ntion this paper when ordering).

D ISON PR +AN /GRAPH, standara castings, complete set UA 15s. Particulars stamp.—Address 144, SUSSEX-ROAR, Southport. TIAPPODILS.—Good Bulbs, Horsfie}di 155., Princeps Sc. per 103.—Mns. A. CRICHTON, CarrOWgarry, Ballyso- dare, Sligo, Ireland. - ON SALE, MANURE WORKS. Widnes. and Gas Work. and Cotton Mill. Derbyshire.—Apply to J. Hosiinia 16, Feuwick-street, Liverpool.

DANCREA " recommends itself for INDIGESTION. 1. Abiolutely certain remedy. Send 2s. 9d. t• T. STEWART, 92, Severn-road: Canton, Cardiff.

SERGE JACKETS, 45. 6d., Cord and Mole Trousers, 6s. 6d Printed Mole Trousers, look like cloth, be. 6d.—HAGUE AND Co., Limited, 65, Bryom-st., Liverpool. UDR LALE, handsome English GRANDFATHER'S lf CLOCK, with brass arched dial, £2 175. 6d., on rail ;no use to ewner.—Antmeort, Greta lerrace, Sunderland. x 110 PLETE SET of ,touble black HARNESS With new kJ cellars; suit cobs 14 hands; splendid working condi- tion, only 12 guineas..—SOTHEßY, Sussex Lodge, Slough, Bucks.

TIQRST Galvanis.Tl Corrugated SIiRBIS, also Tanks and AI Cisterns Please state quantity and size required. —WALLER CARTER, 130, Long-street, Sparkbrook, Birm- ingham. LADIEIS.—DR-WALTER'S Skin Taballor (nail eases produces a steer, brillimt and youthful complexion; never known to fall; try them; 2s. 9d. post free. - WESTBROWIC, Leighton- road, Cheltenham.

91 0 LAMER, borne workers and .hers. We 're cleating .1_ out quantitier; of 41 yard lengths of Swiss Embroideries. Send is. 6d. or 25. 6d tor samples.—Baaitow. 31, King Witijam-street, London. B.C.

BULBS at Saleroom prices. Hyacinths first size 38„ 3..6d, dozen free ; tulips, crocus 3d and 4d. dozen. Lists free.—H atinsc ,MBI' (from Carter's) Importer, Feltham, Middlesex._lllustrate.l List free. DRIPPING ! DRIPPING I—Pure Beef and Marrow Dripving to be had at 7A per bucket of 281bs --Send cash with order to T. GRKENHALGIt & Co,. Wholesale Dripping Refiners. Roebuck-street, Heckmondwike.

ITO FA RMHItS AND OTHERS.—Kilndried Imperfect 1. Wheat, .22 15s. per ton; Feeding Meal, 40s. per ton ; Fano, ing Meal, 50s. per ton Free on nil Liverpool.— WHIrE AND Co., 16, Gorce Piazzas, Liverpool. NVHOOPING couaff.—A gentleman having a certain V sure, which has cured thousands will send the pre- scription on receiving three stamps and stamped addressed envelope.—Address APOLLO, 13, Janes Terrace, Waleot-street, Hull.

I 09000Dpaarrtka. BlLe.useTsbryk Ventilated—Wiiteor all Officers in India. Will send one, any bize, post free for 9 stamps.-11. Gessox, Government Contractor, Rye, Sussex.

IGH r WATERPROOF SHEETS. 6ft. long. It. wide 21. 6d. ; or 6ft. long and 61t. wide, 5!..; very strong with brass eyelet-holes; cost four times the money. Post free from Hr. JOHN GASSON, Government Contracter. Rye, Sussex.

SOLD, Lancasters celebrated photo- -150,000 graphic Cameras, Bcc.. for Amateurs or Professionals. MANCHESTER AGENCY is at 71, Oxford-street. (All Saints'). Lists free. Second-hand cameras bought or exchanged.

WATRPitOOF KNRE APRONS. full size, tartan lining sad brass mounts, warranted *o wear well These are" A. 1 "value 6s. 6d. each, cash voith order; two or more carriage paid. (all returned if not as advertised.— W. BARHAM, The Saddler. Lincoln.

94 PORTRAITS Stansp sizi, for Is 66; 100 for 38 6d .../"± Twelve Cart,. Portraits, 2s 6d; six for Is 6d. Twelve CabiLet Portr,dts, 5s 6d ; six for 38 ; three for 2s ; 8 hash one fo s ; three for 6s ;10 inch size, on large mount, 55 each. Send Carte or Cabinet and P..--FItiNCIS AND Co., 29, Ludgatft Hill. London. Established 1886. SPECULATION. SPECULATION.—Sporting Men and SPeeol.tors of every class, and either sex. who require genuine information about their Ines in these matt*rs, should send starnp,d addressed envelop* tor Circular.—WlLLum ATKINSON, Cliburn, near Peurith, Westmoreland. 111-11 N A and EARTHENWARE.—Buyers are strongly act V 'deed to send for prce lists of Dinner Sets, Tea Sets Toilet Sets; China an,l Earthenware of all kinds and all prices. Special £1 sample (Tat, of beat and seconds • single set ot ant. thing sent as sample. BUN' direct from the Pot teries.—S.lVEßß and Co.,Longtim,Staffordshire Potteries.

FAT is FATAL to Heath and Beauty. You can eat and drink what, ver you like, and ht,wevar stout you are I guArrtntee my F. F. F. Pills to reduce all superfluous flesh. Post free 2s. per box, three boxes ,or 51, Testimoxials from numerous titled ladies. prourinrurt actresses. andlother ladies and gentlemen througlrout the word.—Address Mr. Wm. J. Wmoirr, 44, Bah Row. Birmingham.

AGENUINI4 Sterling Silver WATCH for nothing, list price 425. L** d S*"*** * * y, a noted British statesman. Abbolutely overy person corre-tly solving the above will be presented with one of the. valuable Watches, the only stipulation being that you boy one of our Sterling Silver Chains to wear with um. Preservation Watels and that you send stamped directed envelo,e with you: answer. Send at, once to IMPERIAL WAICII COMPANY Islewurds, London, W.

- - - TO MAItILIED LADIES. TRY THE FRENCH REM EDT. Not a Danger- ous Drug, but Wonderful Secret Invention • never falls; particulars free on receipt of stamped addressek enve- lope.—Apply 217, GRAHAM-ROAD, London, MIL Name paper.

BLINDNESS AND DEAFNESS. IF You euffer from any complaint of the Eyes or Ears, write at one*, Lithe most successful, Specialist in England for his ramphlet, showing how you can 1,4) cured. Sent any- where on receipt of St,,mp. Advice free. Address W. A. MELLou, 286, Oxford-street, Manchester. HOW TO KEEP BOOKS. The Tradesman's Guide to Good Book-keeping. By a Practical Man. Contents :—What cash did I twelve ? and how was it sent? What was the value of the goods I bought? How mu -11 hnsiness did I do? What is the value of my stock? How should I deal with rent and taxes? How pre- pare profit and lose account and balance sheet? The private ledger. Bill-book. App. ndiees. Post tree. Half-a-crown. —JOHN STUAIiT, Saxon Chambers, St. Leonards.

SORE EYES SKIN DISEASES! BAD LEGS! • WESLEY'S OINTMENT is warranted to cure Bad Legs, Bad Breasts. Ulcers, Burns, Scalds, Boils Rheumatic Pains. Sore }Saes, and all Skin Diseases, causing the skin to become beautifully clear and healthy. Get a pot and test its great and manifold virtues. Many cases have been cured when the doctors have failed. Sent post free for P. stamps. from HOLDROYD'S DRUG. STORES, Clock- heaton. Yorks.

lEtFcrtliantous.

OLOSET PANh, Washouts, white and printed, Is. 6d. each.—T. SILUFFLEBOTTOM, 51, Brunswick-road, Liver- pool. _ ERVOUS Deloility,Weakness,Ac.(certain cure) ; obtained .1.1 at chemist ; cost few pence; send is. 61. for recipe to B. BALDWIN, 26, Philip's Park-road, Bradford, Manchester. ---- TMDIENSE SUCCESS of my Debt Collecting Forms; .1 permission granted to purchasers of sample to copy; sample post free two stamps.—EnwAßD PALMER. Brandon. Suffolk.

D LINES, 22, Paredlse-et., Tunstall, will send free by pdst for 2s. a Government hall-marked CYCLE BROOCH, diamond cut, splendid value ; no rubbish; money returned if not satisfied.

(A'BIIBN'S Celebrated BILLIARD TABLBEI and Patent V/ Cushions are the best and Cheapest. Tables lie- Cushioned and Re-Covered,---J. O'BRIEN. °lobe Billiard Works, Bridge-street, Manchester.

HORSES' LOIN CLOTHS, best and strongest in the market, tiein. long by 33in. wide, waterproof, on stout navy canvas, and weighs 41b. I will send one post free for 35., worth is. 6d.—From HENRI'''. CIABSON, Rye, Sussex.

mALE and FBMALB NURSES INSTITUTION, 70, Hope- street, Liverpool.—Bstabl.shed IB7B.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage. apply or telegr4ph.—" Nurses," T iverpool. Telephone. 570

BEFORE MARRIAGE have own and friend's character disposition, oapabilitiea fully told from ordinary hand- writing by noted Graphologist. Advice on career. Fee is. 6d. PROFESSOR KINGSFORD, 25. Glenthorne-road, Ham- mersmith. x qlO LADlES.—Fernale corrective Tabloids, for all irregu- larities, &O,; a new discovery; nothing better; teen- sands of boxesisold weekly ; price, 2s. 9d. Tojbe obtained at the ORIENTAL DRUG, CO., 83. Endelsham-road, Holborn, London, S.W. I

CIAPITAL of £25 can be invested in thoroughly safe and legitimate manner to double itself in 3 months, interest paid weekly. Bona-fide enquirers receive in confidence details of business, with undeniable guarantees and ref..T- ences.— 4. SYDNEY, Ei cp, 131, jermya-street, London, 5.w.

PILES I PILES I I—Wanted all Sufferers from Piles, ta- ward, outward or bleeding to t4ke SPEDDINGS BASE- LIB and be cured as hundreds before have been. It is mar- vellously effective. Post free Is. 2d. per bex.—Pre, Hetet. SPIDDING, Bone Setter, Batley, Yorks. Trade mark 191-b52.

BLINDNESS AND DEAFNESS. IF YOU SUFFER trom any complaint of the Byes or Ears, write at once to the most successful Specialist in England for his pamphlet, showing hAv you can be cured. Sent anywhere on receipt of stamp. Advice free. Address W. A. MELLOR. 286, Oxford-street, Manoheater.

IT WILL PAY YOU To writ THIS. I HAVE a quantity of Good Government GOODS. passed out of service for other patterns. Light Waterproof Sheets, Sit. by 3ft 2 6 6ft. by 6tt 5 0 Some Nplendid Waterproof Hoods and Capes htrong White Canvas Horses' Nosobags, with Wide Leather Strap 1 6 Good All-wool Rugs. 41b weight ' 3 0 Morse Loin Cloths, 461 a. by 42.. Waterproof 3 9 Good White Rubber Sheets. with Brass Eyelet Holes, 46in. by 241 n Some very strong-. good-looking Leggings. with Whale- bone Stiffening up side, extra ik-ather bound top and bottom, price per pair 2 0 Any of the above are carriage paid to your homes from HENRY J rIASSON. Government rontractor, Rye.

eprit.sl. CYCLES Ladies' and gents' pneumatic detachables quite new, up to date £9 9s. and £8 Bs. bargains.—HOCKNEY, Sutton-st., Lincoln. BICYCLE, 1896, £2O, Ruoge-Whitworth model, pneumatio . safety, laced tangent wheels, equal new, lamp, bell aad every accessory, take £8 15s. ; no opportunity for using it.— SIUDENT, 4. Cranbrook Mansions, South Lambeth-road, London. S.W.

UNIVERSAL CYCLES. The BEST VALUE in the Trade. Every machine warranted for one year. 1896 LADIES' Safeties, fitted with Woodiey detachable pneu- matic tyres (guaranteed), pear case, dressguards, brakes eta., complete, £8 15s. Od. 1896 GENTS' Safeties, fitted with Vfoodley detachable pneumatic tyres (guaranteed) etc., £8 15s. Od. IMMEDIATE DELIVERY GUARANTEED. Don't be persuaded to pav £2O for a machine whim you can obtain a genuine one (made of the finest materials and best workmanship) tor less than half the usual price direct from our factory. Finest and most extensive selection of new sad secondhand machines in the world. About 1000 always in stock. Second- hand solid tyred safeties from 15s. ; cushier' ditto from 30a.; pneumatic ditto from 60s. Lamps, bells, valises, and all nec9ssary fittings forcycles at about half the usual prices. Rtpairs done on the premises at the lowest rates. Country orders promptly attended to. EDWARDES & FLEXMAN, 3 & 20. Blackfriars-road,London, S.E, Hours-9 a.m. till 9 p.m. The oldest established house in the trade.

CYCLES CYCLES! I CYCLES ! THE CYCLE KING. J. WADDINGITON, (Holder of the 58 and 100 miles Nortkern Road Record), 16, ST. JA MES-STRE ET, WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE POLLITT, COLLIER TWO-SPEED GEAR, NEW HUDSON. ALLARD, MOHAWK, AND TRIUMPH CYCLES. Call and see him for GOOD RELIABLE MAC- HINES. REPAIRS, and Accessories. WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. Secondhand Machines always in Stock. Three years' Guarantee. LADIES CYCLES A SPECIALITY. To meet the requirements of those who cannot see their way clear to Buy a Machine Ri.eht Out, by paying £3 down they can have a Machine any day during 1896. DON'T FAIL TO LOOK IN AT WADDINGTON'S CYCLE SHOW, 16, ST. JAMES-STREET, (Just over river Bridge), ALSO AT MERSEY-CHAMBERS, MERSEY-STREET, WARRIN GTON,

PATENTEE AND MAKER OF THE " ELEGANT" CYCLE STAND. ADAPTED ESPECIALLY FOR HOME USE. AGENT vOR THE " RUDGE," " WHITWORTH," TOWNEND BROS., AND OTHER HIGH-GRABE CYCLES. MAKER OF THE " SPRINT " CYCLES. MACHINES MADE TO ORDER. A VARIETY OF LADIES' CYCLES ON HAND. INSTRUCTIONS GIVEN BY LADY ATTENDANT. REPAIRS A SPECIALITY AND PROMPTLY ATTENDED TU. CHARLES ALLEN, MERSEY CYCLE WORKS. LIVERPOO - ROAD, WARRINGTON.

A. GLARE, KNUTSFORD-ROAD BRASSWORKS, WARRINGTON. SOLE AGENT FOR THE BEVERLEY CYCLES. REPAIRS, PLATING, As ENAMELLING A SPECIALITY. BOILER MOUNTINGS. BRASS CASTINGS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. ENGINE FITTINGS. BRASS LACQUERING. LUBRICATORS. ALL CLASSES OF MACHINERY, itc., REPAIRED ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE. RASS RAILINGS. ALL CASTINGS DONE ON THE PREMISES ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE. BRAZING. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL CLASSES ,RE. •

Oalo bp 2tuttten. BY MR. WILLIAM ELLIS. NOTTINGHAM LACE CURT &INS. MONDAY NEXT, September 28th and tw4 following days,. at the MART, CORPORATION-ST., MANCHES:ER, at 11 each day. Alit WILLIAM I+.:LLIS will SUL BY AUCTION INA upwards of 1.000 pairs of NOTTINSHAX LACE (Jun- TAMS, and other LACE GOODS. Catalogues on application.

INVESTMENT.— IMPORTANT SALE.— PRELIMINARY NOTICE. 'TO BE SOLD by AUCTION in October, at Run- _i_ corn, Cheshire, in lots to suit purchasers, well secured ground rents of the total annual amount of £175 26.3 d. on Property in Greenway-rod, Salisbury-strett, Picow-street, Byron-street, and Chaucer street, Runcorn. Also ground rent on Property in Loch-street and Granville- street, with Cottages in same streets, and ground rent. Cottages. Land and Buildings in Cooper-street, all in Run- corn. For further particulars apply to MESSRS. GAMON, teAfthout, and GAMON, Solicitors, Cheater.

Telephone: No. 55. . ROBERT LO WE , ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANr, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. Begs to announce that he has removed his Offices to the mere convenient premises NO• 1 B , ANK STREET, the Ground Floor of the Central Sale Rooms.

HOM AS COWDELL, (Follow of the International Society of Auctioneers and Valuers). ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, 45, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Sales by Auction arranged and conducted on reasonable terms Vain lions for Execu.ors Transfer. Life and Fire Insurance effected with prompt settlement.

3140tti5 31p1irool Zoarbtng Cotab. _ ENAI BRlDGE.—Victoria Hotel. standing in its own IU private grounds axd facing the Menai Straits; terms reasonable.—R. Ixesi•s.

RADISEY. ISLE OF MAN. Mona Ville. first-class Boarding Establishment, facing sea ; near pier; tennis courts, golf, Ac. Tablo d' ILA* 7. Tariff.

DOWNESS, INDRRAIRRH, Albert Hottl.—Parties catered for. Moderate charges. Tariff oa application. Near the lake. —R. DARRICIC, Proprietor

ClLlBSTUR.—Temperance Hotel, 114, Brook-street. Good V ?sworn() lotion with special na • d era t,+ terms to com- mercials. cyclists and visitors. Ladies coffee room. Night bell; 2 minutes from London and North-Western Station.— Mrs. WEBSTER WILLIAMS. X

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TG 40 LUDGATB HILL. ALSO AT 70 I; 71. EUSTON SQUARIi. ROME COM7ORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL NOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIOR HYDRO Phys., Dr. BAR- I.) NAftoo, Summer and Winter Residence, one of the handsomest buildings, centrally situated, replete with every comfort, fine sea view, near park, pier, trams, and golf links Tutkish, Vapour, and othr Baths. Attssage, Galvanism Summer Terms from 7s. pe- BoococK. Proprie tors

HOTEL-KEEPERS SHOULD WRITE TO CHARLES SOUTHORN & CO., LTD., CABINET MAKERS, CPHOLSTERERS AND COMPLETE HOUSE FURNISHERS, 24, and 26. GREAT CHARLOTTE-STREET. and 5. DEANI-STREET, LIVERPOOL. When requiring NEW CA.EPETS, or FURNITURE. or RE- NOVATING OLD BEDDING An., and ASK FOR AN ESTIMATE. Distance no object.

Apartmtitts, SuritiAtb AouOts,

BLACKPOOL—Mr. Tien, 25, Exchange-street, North Shore. Homely A PAHTMENTS for invalid Gentlemen; no other lodgers.

SCARBRO'.—Nieely Furnished ROUSH ; 1 sitting room, 3 bedrooms, piano; 21s. per week.—LOTHERINGTON, Market Weighton.

LACKPcfia..—Comfortable APARTMIINTS at Mrs. STANDRING'S Marton Cliff, 40, Great Marton-road (now re-nareed •• Central )

SUPB Melt homely APARTMENTS : good cooking ; highly recommended; t,rms moderate.—Mra. Binnow, Stone Grove. Lloyd•street, Llandudno.

11011,LACKPOOL South Shore.—Mrs. MACDONALD, 12, Station-road;superior Apartments near Victoria Pier and trams ; sea view ; terms moderate. El AMSBY, 1.-0.--MT—Toxteth House, central position on 1.1 new promenade, facing tke sea; APAILTMIINTS with or without toard. Terms on application.

COMFORTABLEI APARMENTS ; also lodgings for respect- able men. 3s. 6d. Weekly. No children, Mrs. ROBERTS, Bryn Mynan, Owlach-street, Llandudno, —— - -

-DLAcKpooL.—Mrs. R. WADDICOR (from Darwell). 65. Lytham-road, near Manchester Hotel. Comfortable APARIAIRNTO ; two minutes walk from sea. _ -

BISPHAIf, uear Blackpool.—Oomfortab‘o Apartments. for winter üb,uthe ; bath. w.c. ; plano.—Jkira. SKIDMORY, Daley Bank.

LACKPOOL.—AGBNCY for Apartments, Furnished and J Company Houses, Businesses, etc.—W. D. IiA.LSTEILD, 29, Lytham-road.

-DIACKPOOL.— Mrs. JOHN LAW, Dudley Hill House, 47, 1) Coronation-street, near Central Station and Bea. Terms reasonable ; comfortable accommodation ; well-furnished kons'. Public and private Apartments. Piano.

COBS.—Three good honest Cobs, five and six year old, 14 and 15 hands ; prce £3O each, one £2s.—HbaNnv, 136, Oxford-street. Manchester.

A COCKATOO for Sale; £4. and very affectionate to, .1-1 lady and children can play with it, and can talk nicelv.—Address 116. RIMROBE-ROAD, Bootle. near Liverpool

DA KROT.—Extraordinary large African grey in thorough aOothd d plumage. real talker. only 165. guarantee amnetacag ft e 53.—STEPRENS, 209, 1., guarantee good avenue, London.

ROAN MAltB, 15 3, 6 years old; quiet and steady in all harness ; good goer ; suit brougham ; very quiet in stable ; prh e re ,bonable : fair trial ; no dealets.—R. G. If ARRISON, wholesale butcher, Atherton, near Bolton.

111DIG8.—Grand lot of USEFUL STORES, all sizes, -a prices to suit the times. Inspection invited. Delivered free. Fresh lot every Saturday ; 70 to 80 to choose from. Letters promptly attended to,—TAYLOR, near Station, Newton-le- Willows.

QOM SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS, &c.,quickly CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary Look free from 61, Turnmill-Street, E. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts, bruNes, broken knees, cracked heels, grease or thrush, CURED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Condy's Fluid. diluted). It makes the hair grow where rubbed off. Prices, 8 oz. is.; 20 oz., 2s, of all Chemists. VETERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing diseases 3f Horses, Dogs, &C. from CONDY'S FLUID IN ORES, 61, Turamill-street, Loudon.E .C.

A REAL BOON TO LADIES TO Especially to those who wish to know of LADIES 'I 0 a safe, certain, and speedy remedy for LADIES TO all irregularities and obstructions, a LADIES To remedy which under the most trying LADIES circumstances and in the most ,difficult TO and LADIES TO OBSTINATE CASES LADIES TO NEVER FAILS TO AFFORD LADIES TO RELIEF, LADIES GENERALLY IN A FEW HOURS. TO No case hopeless, failure is simply LADIES TO Impossible, as Mrs. Snow, of Denmark LADIES TO Hill. Camberwell, writes: LADIES "By adopting your treatment my TO anxiety and misery was over within LADIES TO twenty for hours, although for over three LADIES TO mon. lis I had been daily taking pills and LADIES 1 0 other things in vain. Half the quantity LADIES TO you sent proved effective. to my intense LADIES , oy and surprise " 'TO A sw,.rn guarantee is enclosed with all LADIES TO testimcnials and medicine, which is in- LADIES ' TO expen lye, as one bottle at 4s. 6d. (by LADIES TO post, 4s. 9.1.) is usually sufficient for any LA.DIES caAe. TO Full particulars will be gl,dly forwarded LADIES TO to aay lady on receipt of addressed LADIES TO envelope. LADIES Write privately to— Mrs. M. M. k., LADIES TO 145. STOCKWELL-ROAD, LONDON, S.W LADIES

PERCY-STREET: off Lovely-lane, 6 Roomed houses, re decorated ss. 110YLE-ST.. re-decorated Houses,3B.9d. B ANK - STREET, Warrington OFFICES, from £5, Room. PENKETII.—Semi-detached HOUSES with gardens, £l5 and £l3 per year. Cottages 38.6 d. and 2s, 84. per week Apply, ROBERT LOWE. Estate Agent, Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No. 65.

BURTONWOOD.—Detached HOUSE "Primrose Hill," with garden. stable, &c ; EZO clear.—Apply Mr. ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent, No. 1, Bank-st., Warrington.

PRBMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— Apply ASHTON AND WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-et., Warrinston.

LET.—Good COTTAGES off Lovely Lane, rent 45.- 1_ Apply ASHTON and WOODS, Solicitors, liorsemarket-ot„ Warrington. 910 LET.—Good HOUSE. 36, —Pie,point-street, Witt 4s.— .1. Apply AbIITON and WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket, street, Warrington.

rilo LET.—Good HOUSE, 28, Catherine-st., 3 btdrooms, _L rent, 45. 6d.- Apply Antrim, and Vic:ins, solicitors, Horseinarket-street, Warrington.

HOUSK. situate, Eagle Mount, Wilderspool, composed of two sitting-rooms, kitchen, cellar, and other conveni- ences; rent 216.—Apply J. BOSTOCK, Wilderspocl, Warring- ton.

HOMR-MADE BREAD and MILK BUSINWS tr, be dis- t osed of; gool stind.-75, QUEEN S•ROAD, Queen's Park. Manchester.

A Chip Potato and Fisn Business and Stock to be Sold. /1 doing a fair trade. Terms mo ierate.—Apply 10. St. Mary's-gate, Chester-street, Birkenhead.

et arrtages, basstnettrs, IdERICAN SULKIES. Trotting Carta, Gigs, Four 11 Wheel Buggies, Dog Carts. etc. Weight, strength and durability will surprise you. —T he AMERICAN CARRIAGE AND HARNESS CO., 90, New-street, Birmiligh nu.

HAND CoIRTS new and second-hand ter sale (all the year round), suitable for Bakers, Grocers. Provision Dealers, Mineral Water Ma iufacturers, Furniture dealers, and others. —Apply to I. and J. JOHNSTON, 78. Park-road, Liverpool. fIOUPER AND SIMMONS. COACH BUILDERS, 8, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES a Moderate Prices. Good Stock o select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best fork only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams, Landaus. Victoria. Wagonette.. and Paretons. now for Sale or Hire.

laarnittrrp, zicct., gtait. _ w I.Gr I -CI aI tNt lGe MACHINE wNunL forcasloe;is Walsall.toveiighC arts,Wagxons

("tAS HNGNE, Crossley's 'Otto" 5 man power, fittings k 3 complete, bargAin. 144, SUSSEX-ROAD, Southport. x GAS and OIL BIaINES for any trade or for agricul- tural purposes; latest design, economical consumption. Write for prices. full particulars. W. PERKIN and Co., Rogineers, Leeds. It will pay you; don't delay. Agents wanted.

LI T. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod 1.) Griemon, and Co. Limited), Huhne, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, arid all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli- eation.—Telephone 229.

PATENT OFFICR MANCHESTER ESTABLISHED IN 1835. ?desire. GEORGE DAVIIiii & SON have ha 4 more than 4C years' personal experience in connection with this Establish ment, and possess practical knowledge of the•cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price 11. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SOH, F.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

THOMAS GREEN & SON, LIMITED, LEEDS AND LONDON. Manufacturers of HE "SMITHFIELD" GAS ENGINE on th, improved Otto principle. Intending purchasers should see it before they place their orders. It is POWERFUL, ECONOMICAL, and CHEAP. Sizes in Stock from 1 to 12 h.p. Second-hand ones of various sizes and patterns, and repairs promptly attended to. Also MAKERS of ',TEAM ENGINES, STEAM BOILERS, VERTICAL, LOCO-TYPE, CORNISH and LANCASHIRE PATTERNS. All Sizes from 1 to 25 h.p. We also supply CAST-IRON, MALLEABLE IRON, and BRASS CASTINGS at moderate prices to the tr.de and others.

iftitnurp. TIDY, AND DE CONVINOND. Money advanced dalls at a few hours' notice from £ 5 upwards, simply on note of hand. Interest lower than elsewhere, and cash brought to the house if preferred. Letters pr,,mptly attended to.— Apply in confidence JONES, 64, Church-street, Warrington. Private ouse. Special terms to farmers. Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.

rir H E OLDEST ADVANCE OFFICE IN MANCHESTER. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO o £5OO upon PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY at much lower interest than usually charged. Repayment arranged to suit bor- rowers' requirements. Genuine sad extensive business done for 25 years past. No Bills of Sale taken.—Apply or write for terms to GEORGE PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy- st., Manchester.

ONEY LENT on note of hand alone, without sureties .LTI publicity, or security, from £2O to £5,000, to ladies o gentlemen, tradesmen, clerks, farmers, or any responsible person in town or country (distance no abject) upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. No fees or preliminary charges e hatever ; strictly private, prompt and straightforward dealings gua, anteed. Bills discounted. Res- pectable borrowers elsewhere paying the usual extortionate loan office money lender" or so called Banks heavy interest and fees, are cordially Invited to come to me. and I will ae- commodate them upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. Before applying elsewhere call or write. WILLIAM SPENCER, 1, Wellington-buildings South, 2, Lither- land Alley, South Castle-street, Liverpool. Established 1851.

FIELDINO-'S LIMITED. BILL DISCOUNTERS AND FINANCIERS. LOANS TO £500• DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS. and mthers, with or without sureties, and STRICTLY PRIVAT B. Also LOANS granted on 'Life ABlll.lr£V4Ce Reversions. Freehold and Leaseho'd Property. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. £l5 repayable 7/6 per wk. £5 „ 2/6 „ £2) IC/- £lO 5/- £25 ~ 12/6 „ Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. Office hours 10 to 7, Saturday 10 to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH W ADS WORTH, District Agent, 121, MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. T" CREWE AND DISTRICT LOAN Co., (Est. 1I•89) 32, CEMETERY-ROAD, CREWN. ADVANCES CASII from £5 upwards on the shortest notice, in town or country, male or fern de. upon simple promissory notes. on Mortgage of Furniture. Trade and Farm Stock. Crops, Plants, Ice. Without reinevat. Also on deeds reversions, stocks, shares and merchandise of every deserip• tion, repayable by easy instalments. Distance no object Anyone requiring money will do well, before applying else where or paying fees to think of this : Surely I can dc better with a firm who have been established in Cheshire many years,and devoting themselves to this class of business than. I can with so-called private money lAaders or agents with small means. Good hemmers can obtain money here on reasonable terms and quickly. Write or call for prospectus. W. JACKSON. Manager.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. AIR. JOHN E. GOODWIN continuos to make ADVANOIii; I 11'1 PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers. Working•men, and all respectable Hcaseholders, on their own security. aIONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS Without Bondsmen, without delay without public enquiry, on your simple written prcraise tossty back.—Apply Pt VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the antral Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lan. any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention. - MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. APRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at his disposal is open to advance Loans daily from £2 upwards. No fees charged. No security required. Simply on note of hand. Distance no object.—Atply personally or by letter to MANAGER, 6, Cross Lane, Earb-stowit (private house). Hours 9 a:m. to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guaran- eed. Special terms to Farmers.

'A 1 GS Po R. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Meths, Beetles. KEATING'S POWDER. Rills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles.

This Powder, eele- -3d., 6d., and ls. TINS. brated, is rfectiy un- rivalled in destroying. 3d., 6d., and IS. rrINS. rr nnarsmectesss( wthoil stall pearnferiyl ad., 6d., and is. IIN S life). All wollens awl furs should be well sprinkled with the Pow- der before placing away. Sold only in tins. WORMS IN CHILDREN, WORMS IN CHILDREN, Are easily. surely, and with perfest safety got rid of by us ing MIMING'S WOR TARE. STS. Nearly all children suffer from Worms. If suspected, do not wait, you can with. ease cure the child (has no effect except on worms). Sold by. all Chemists, in Tins, Is. lid. each.

THE BELFAST HOUSE. JOHN WILSON AND SON, of BELFAST and BALLYMENA. LINEN and: DAMASK MANUFACTURERS. beg to inform their former Patrons and the Public generally that their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE, 76. BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, IS NOW OPEN with a JOMPLETH STOCK of their. CELEBRATED HAND-WOVEN DAt ASK TABLECLOTHS, NAPKINS, SHEETINGS, PILLOW LINENS. TOWELLING. CAMBRIC POCKET-HANDKERCHIEFS, also GENTLE- MEN'S SHIRTS, COLLARS, and CUFFS. and' LADIES' and CHILDREN'S UNDERCLOTH- ING, of their Own Manufacture, all of which they will SELL at Bona-fide MANUFACTURERS' PRIGhS, All are Invited to Call and Inspect. No one importuned to buy, JOHN WILSON AND SO LINEN AND DAMASK MANUFACTURERS, OF BELFAST, 76. BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Ebt "Oramintr " Atrits OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPER,. Comprises THE Warrington and Mid Cheshire Examiner, pub - 1 Hailed every Hatiuday morning. THE .Earlestozon and Newton Examiner, published every Friday N fternoon. THE St. Helens _Examiner, published every FridaY afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, puLlished every Saw- day morning, and THE Widnes Exam iner, published every SaturdaY morniug. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six -.Vords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os, 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 25. Od. 27 Os. 9d. ... is. 10d. ... 35. Od. 36 is. Od. 2s. 6d. ... 48. Od. 45 ls. 3d. ... 35. id. ss. O. 54 ls. 6d. ... 35. Bd. Od. The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No advertise- ment inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

THE EXMJNFAU, SATURDAY, sEPTEMBER Mh. 1896.

THOMSON'S • • "GLOVE FITTING C OPAETS. PERFECTION! ! by all Drapers. One Million P tirs Annuali y. DlOl3 titEl3*-- . E 8/6 F ' 6/6 G A MOVE Black Is. extra. urs LIKE - ALL LONG- WAISTED. Approv d by the whole polite world. • • • • TWELVE FIRST MEDALS. If yotr Draper cannot supply you, write direct tto 1.10 FORE-STREET, LONDON, E.C., giving fuze, • tUid enclosing P. 0.0., and the Corset will at once be sent you' W. S. THOMSON & CO., LTD.. Manufacturers. Made i Length,. 13 14, and 15 in. These WORLD KNoWNED CORSETS have a reputatiori of over 30 years. Present sales larger than ever. A goua Stock always on hand at WA AtINGTON...'VIIss PAUL. RNUTSFORD ...WILDGoosE MIDDLEWICII—Joux DIERDEN, Whee'.ock-street NORTHWICH

THE CZA.R'S VISIT TO THE QUEEN. The Czar and Czarina arrived at LAth on Tuesdai morning, and in the evening their Majesties reached Bal; moral, where they are the guests of the Queen. A' Leith, Dundee, and Aberdeen there was some cereinonY in connecticn with the Czar's journey, addresces of wel' come being presented by the civic authorities. An ad" dress from the Corporation of Ediniiurgh expressed e hope that the Russian and British peoples, knit together, by mutual sympathy, would not merely enjoy moral an" material prosperity within their borders, but that: their united influence would be potent in the interest of peace and in advancing the cause of humanity and civilier tion throughout the world. The Dundee address sala the signatories hoped the Czar and Czarina would 101 l be spared to promote and ennerve the true Peace 0' nations and extend the civilisation of the world, whil! the Aberdr,en address touched upon the relations 0; peace and friendship between England and Russia, eau expressed a desire that the Czar would be spared to dr velop the resources of his vast empire. His Majestyl reply in each case was limited to an expression of mania The day was wet, but crowds assembled wherever there was an opportunity of seeing the Czar, and his receptioe was a very cordial one. Although a good deal of rain fell at Balmoral on Wed' nesday, the Czar of Russia was not kept wholly witbio doors. Accompanied by the Prince of Wales and the Mike of Connaught, His Majesty went during 't he after' noon to Abergeldie Forest for a deer drive, and a Arie stag is reported to have fallen to his gun. • A youth of seventeen named Joseph Rows died oe Saturday from injuries supposed to have been sustained while playing football on the previous evening at New' ton Cap, Bishop Auckland.

TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE3 INVALUABLE FOR COUGHS, BRONCHITIS ec ASTHMA TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE gives instant relief in Consumption' Diarrhcea, &e. Towle's Chlorodyne,. riti, for 24 doses. TAKE NO OTHER.

Send Photo of yourself or friend, to,;ethor with P.O. for 61- and yon will reeeive (carria4e paid) one tf our popular enlargements artistically finished in monoch'rome and mounted on granulated 0" Should and Plate Sunk Mount. _ Enlargement meas-nring not be con,idereci 15 by 12in. 0.0 reasonably satisfactory lA° we will do ,he work over again FREE of CHARGE, or refund Money. Address Order and Remittance to THE PIIOTO ENLARGEMENT Co., High Street Studios, Wood Green, London, N. N.B.—NANZ PAPAL.

•,I. A :Jo 3E E S IRDISPENSABLE TO LADIES! wPartidceularlifeitiocg: safe and reliable remedyfor all obstructions and irrePr larities, a medicine which cares (usually in a few hours, caseswkichhave baffled the skill of the best meditml nrem,..14°,.. lady need despair as the most obstinate &hopeless eases "" f been immediately relieved by this remedy. mrs, wiisom ° Honor Oak Park, Forest Hill, Says: "Y lnialuable remedy took immediate effect; in less than 18 hours I was all right. after 18 weeks a misery and hoPelesS. ness." A properly certified guarantee is enclosed with all testi.. monials and medicine. One package at dia. 6d. is usually sufficient for any case. Ladies send at once fully directed en- velope forpartienlars and proofs. I will forfeit ZlOOO for every' testimonial that is not genuine. Thousands of testimonials have been received. Established over 100 years. Do not be misled by showy advertisements and other so-called remedie, Which are utterly worthless. Write privately, at once, to--. NIL RI:IAM E 101EtillizI kW, ... MEDICAL INSTITUTE, HACKNEY ROAD (Opposite gibereditch Church). London. NJ&

POLISHING—A PLEASURE! . WILL NOT 4,04 STEPHENSO_,N's FINGER •41r.‘• A MARK. •:- 7,'! # FURNITUO ~, ..:..7.r;v; ~,.. CREAM, , . . ._.‘.. .:-..,..=,.,..*,-..., 1 it ....- •• •• •••:. ,• W. //:7:0.4-'4' _-..._ ' ' - --- _-_-:.-- 1,, • : .. '.• • • c1e.;41.i•-,?? ''', ''',4,-. . - -.--.--z .-= - -7.- i '4.?:f.:',..1.4; = -----4v----- --''' • , , I,_ ..., .., ---::- — ---r- --‘ •-•:- • I'S.,:t , g• I -- ,1, V.,,`,.: ". , sod bil Chemists, Groaers, and I ron man aerg'a Haws, STEPHENSON BROS., Sole Prop BRADFOR -

. , ./ • V THE WORLD'S GREATEST , 06 COSTUMIERS. . 10P . • e . • . Aefief.. , i, , ..1 ... •. s 1 ' • lit ~,.. .. . • T ... , THE LONDON MANUFACTURERS. . .• THE HALF-GUINEA cosTurtnEs oF THE ETAY. ift) NEW BESIGNs ' . ~#l-.? glit 7. 4> ~, , , . ~. ~ .• .• : ,N. • ,- ,N,.„..., . k • i LON 0 I .41 Efi A 0 E i BETTER STYLES AND BETTER 11. - .. ~ .. • ,• .. . / . VALUE THAN EVER. 114 . ': -: ••;',. ' Made in our Celebrated . t.: :4,tY ti ... -' SPECIALITE SERGE, ~,c ...1 h, i . " ~,,, - unsurpassed for wear and durability. All shades: Airialivi ..--- Black, .Na vv. Cinnamon, Fawn, krown, Drab, ----.-7 -k.-• "4- -- ' _ Grey, Petunia, Bronze - Green, Myrtle, Ruby, Design O. 300. Design No. 260. Electric-Blue, B,:c. WRITE FOR PATTERNS which will be sent Post Free together with our new Illustrated "SKETCH BOOK," shewing- all our latest Novelties in COSTUMES, JACKETS, CAPES, ac. In ordering Costtnne, please give number of Design selected, also the fallowing* measurements :—Nect to waist at back, round bust under arms, length of skirt in front, inside sleeve and size of waist. MoneY returned if not approved. Each costume securely packed and sent carriage paid, 9d. extra. ALLEN FOSTER 86 CO., 17, ROSCOE STREET, LONDON, EACg THE LONDON MANUFACTURERS Please mention tke, WWI%

ENGAGEMENT B . 7‘, t.t,i ,-..: k. , • • ,; t ',' 4 A IN HALF-HOOP, MARQUISE, GIPSY, AND ALL OTHER DESIGNS, SET WITH BRILLIANTS RUBIES, EMERALDS PEARLS, SAPPHIRES, OPALS 3 1 ) TURQUOISE, ETC., ETC., ETC. 6,000 IN STOCK TO CHOOSE FROM.

J. W. BENSON, Hi. the Queen's Jeweller3 Steam Factory: 62 & 649 lanDerAJTE MULL. AND AT $2, ROYAL EXCHANGE, E.C., and 25, OLD BOND STREET, W., LONDON.

"Half a Loaf is better than No Bread" If it is made with the famous 9 6 D•e•L YEAST. s\ ,\ \• *. ,_ \ The DISTILLERS COMPANY, Ltd., Edin- f d // \\. burgh, invite Shopkeepers to sell their i,..• '' • :‘,,,. , `-.Z.-.. ;\k, „v. Yeast, and Bakers and Householders to 0 ~,, ' : -•\,‘,-;. • ~,,x,c0k,.•0, I. / , gi/ use it. Absolutely pure and unequalled ')` • ‘A. -------=-1‘• # N*4:- for Loaf and Fancy Bread, o— lit/ , ,\'';.Nl, r... , ~' s .:;..' • - , ‘) , , , - .-._---- ..,-- "‘l'`,l - ' ..a.,.(47 ... ...---------, -

. R BR )llt BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is war s EAKFAST—SUPPE S Iltrited to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs Other sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains kikl, 4ack. G a nteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes GRATEFUL—COM FORT! NG. each, hyP'aalrlChemists and Patent Medicine Venders itt?put the Woild; or sent to any address for sixty stamps 4itakers, The LINCOLN IND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG 14,7 Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BARCLAY' & SONS 0 0 A 'and all the Wholesale Houses. BOILING WATER OR MILK.

TBE EXAMINER, SATURD&Y; SEPTEMBER 26, 1896.

IC Tmeoißii A L 1) being published at Nett Price, it cannot be obtained of sent Post OFOR T E Free Descriptiveon application Prospectus TUTOR The mo tre 5 i markable & cheap- to ~ Magazine of Music," Office,eat book ever published. NET - POST 250 PAGES (Full Music Size Contains 7o Illustrations and over 250 Songs Dances Carols. Anthem any book or musicseller under 56 20; Ludgate Hill, London, E.G. The Pianoforte simplified. FREE and Hymn Tunes.

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CjiEST, WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a mare simple form. Take some good Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with Crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer. Coe KLE3S FREE FROM MERCURY. ANTIBILIOUS OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. PILLS. For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c. . .OLLO WAY'S PILLS AND OINTMENT Will Cure BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, eco. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES, SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, dce.

T Especially to those who wish to A know of a safe, certain, and LADIES speedy remedy for all irregular- Toities and obstructions, a remedy which under the most trying LADIES TO circumstandegcual7danira the most ADP' OBSTINATE CASES NEVER FAILS L _ ...3 TO No TOnr I generally n a w AFFORDi fe RELIEF, genhours. case hopeless. FAILURE IS Snow, of Denmark Hil TO SIMPLY IMPOSSIBLE, as Mrs. LADIES l, Camber- TO well, " B writes:yad opti nLADIES g your treatment TOmy anxiety and misery was over in a few hours, although for over ADIES three months I had been daily TO vtaainin. glip.l lfst :en :I: uoutnhtei tt;rt youhi ngsse sent - 1i LADIES proved effective, to my intense TO oyA asnv WO surpriseciß N GUARANTEE is en- LADIES Temloesdtdi nNeviwtlliacil itseisntiemxpoenniaslisvea,nads LADIE T one bottle at 4s. 6d. (by post, 4s. 9d.) is usually sufficient for any case. ADIEs TOm rve IMPORTANTuspr e pwa rAltitlnN ?l*A—s ThisLADIES LARGEST SALE OF ANY FEMALE To MEDICINE IN THE WORLD. a sue- LADIES cess achieved by MERIT ALONE. TO pleasant sabnutt toc ffilet,D perfectly i LAniEs ACTION, and readers are CAU- ' litarismie TOTIONED against worthless and Injurious imitations. Conclusive LADIES TO Fargyo f gladly()n receiptf forwarded w of eadd addressed sas Tr envelope gratis and posi, free. a LADIES TOlstavassevEl?,ioGu GUARANTEED.I ani LADIES TOt may save you from a life of misery and bitter disappoint- ment. LADIES TO WRITE TO:DAY.privately to-- LADIES MrsTO 146 STOCKWELL *ROAD, LADIES MONDON, S.W.

COVERNMENT ARMS, ACCOUTRE- MENTS, CLOTHINC, STORES, &o. Government Clothing:—Great Coats, 7/6; Scarlet Tunics, s/8; jackets, r/r ; Grey Capes, r/ro ; Glengarries, id.; Waterproof Hoods and Capes, rod. Police Clothing:—Great Coats, /6;5 Trousers, 1/9 ; Leggings, 2/-; Lanterns, 9d.; &c. Arms as actually used by the French during the Franco-Prussian War :—Chasse- pot breech-loading Rifles, 8/- each; Swords, with brass handles and steel scabbards, 'I-; Lances, 4/-; Navy Boarding Pikes, 2/y; &c. British Government Camp Equipment: —Army bell Tents, 40-ft. in circumference, with pole, pegs, peg mallet, and x-in. lines, in bag complete, ready for use, 17/6 each; Brown Army Blankets, 7-ft. by 5-ft. 8-in., 1/6; Waterproof Sheets, 3-ft. by 6 ft., z/6; Mess Tins d.; ; &c. British Government Harness:— Heavy Cart Harness, Zx xss. 6d.; Gear Harness, 41 is.; Trooper's Riding Saddles, complete, 12/6 each; Bridles, 2/3 ; Head Collars, x/9 ; Leather Surcingles, 1/3; Nose Bags, ventilated, complete with buckle and strap, 3d. ; &c. New Harness 2—Full-size Gig, complete, £3 xss.; Demr Hogskin, Riding Saddles, complete, Zx 5.;5 &c. Curtains, Carpets, &c.:—White Lace Curtains, 3-yds. long, 50-ins. wide, 2/4 per pair ; Carpets, 2-yds. by 3-yds., 3s. each; Rugs to match, Bd.; &c. • Illustrated Price Listfree ex atfilication Is JARDINE, NalLtin=harre.

PURE IRISH LINEN:: IRISH LINEN ' IRISH CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS POCKET IRISH LINEN . Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. riIISH LINEN Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4111 per dose),; made spec;al to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9,4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISE NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER YAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 41d. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE IRISH L (NEN LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. R SUMMER AND IRISH DRESS LINENS, EVENING WEAR. IRISH LINEN IRISH TWEED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for Strength, Durability j and Style. Please say if for Ladies or Gents Wear. IRISH L INEN PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. G. R. HUTTON & CON, LARNE3 IRELAND.

DIASTASED FARINA FOOD.), A New and Very Superior Food for Infants, Delicate Children add Invalids. The great desideratum of a Food for Infants, Delicate Children, and Invalids, is easiness of digestion, simplicity of preparation, And power of restoring strength; for these purposes DIASTASED FARINA is superior to any other food Sold by all Chemists, 1/6 per Tin. IMASUFACIT'UII Ella Falcon Works E. Beanes Co., Hackney Wick, TRADE MARK. leg kr London, E.

IMPORTANT TO MARRIED LADIES Valuable and never-f Ailing remedies for all irregularities and obstructions however obstinate or long-standing, and oever fail to bring about the desire I effect, as testified to by hundreds of cases ; as they are without parellel in medical science ; havesaved thousands trouble. illness and expense. Stamped envelope for price list. -QUALIFIED CHEMIST, 201, Great Ancoats-st„ Manchester.

These tiny CAPSULES are superior to Balsam of Co- paiba, Cubebs or Injections, •Ptl4 T4Z and cure In 48 hours the same diseases without inconvenience. 416 of all Chemists. D Or post free, WILCOX & CO., 83, Mortimer Street, Great Portland Street, LONDON, W.

THE GREAT REMEDY. TaLAin,,,s GOUT PILLS FOR GOUT RHEUMATISM, SCIA TWA, LUMBAGO The Excruciating Pain is quickly relieved. Sure, safe. and Effectual. Sold by all Chemists at Is. lid. and 25 9d. per box.

£5OO REWARD 1 Is a very tempting prize, but 1, when gained is of little vales without GOOD TIRAT.TH. • Let those who have lost it, speedily regain it by taking C HAR CO LI N E , the sure remedy for Dyspepsia, Biliousness, Sick Headache, P Constipation, Piles, Loss of Appetite, Nervousness, or any I of the many diseases arising from an impaired digestion and disordered stomach; TRY IT, you will be astonished • il.tiniiierietzbltiatdCoLrirx.Sesc.ilyis,t,C.l) giensteigt stizmuiacri:l 0 storing health. If well, an occasional dose will &zest Nature and keep you well. All Chemists, price 219 & 46. MARC OLINE PILLS, Price Mk and 2/9, or from the NOTTINGHAM DRUG COMPANY, • Lmardham, Nottingham. • 0i1.4444~04)4,1NHNN10N.444440

AIVIERICI% We invite YOt to join our We in New the youngest, largest and most promising Jersey, U.S.A., Agricultural Villa.:e on Earth. Five Acre Freehold Farm, only £2O, for immediate occupation or investment. Good Garden Land, free from rocks or stones. Payable by instalments 41- cash, 4/- per week. One hours ride from Philadelphia, close to Railway Station. New settlement! Title inured! Increasing 63, Chancery Lana, LONDON. population! Capital investment I D. y pagAgys

TUCK 84G CO. 121110. MAKERS OF INDIARUBBER AND PURE ASBESTOS GOODS, LEATHER BELTING Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. HAIR & COTTON BELTING, LACES &c. GUARANTEED QUALITY. 42, CHAPEL ST., LIVERPOOL, LONDON, CARDIFF, NEWPORT, & DUBLIN. LEATHER WORKS :- LIVERPOOL

Gas-PAalcing Machines. MuLL r. n s A\ 'R (~.' ' • Patent WlLeitine. •for 110,1 i. L.,- a,l N kinds of llullciine, , ut of reach of Coal Gas. NV rite Id A V ~ic. '',4 for prospt c., tn to ,NI H. L. ?il LLEI., _ _ _ ButmiNunAAL

, 257; SNigsk . -AZ WAS,,,e%.* • A pleasant and refreshing laxs• tive remedy, acting mildly yet thoroughly and effectually upon the Liver, Kidneys, and Bowels without any of the known un- pleasant effects of pills and pur- gative.,. Such a remedy has now become generally known. Syrup OFI. Figs. An absolute cure for Habitual Constipation, Sluggish Liver, Biliousness, Headache, Loss of Appetite, Dyspepsia, Indigestiou, and the many ills arising from a disorded state of the Liver, Kid- neys and Bowels. Pleasant to the palate; prompt yet gentle and painless in action. Children enjoy it, delicate ladies find it an ideal medicine; busy men take it with- out inconvenience or discomfort. The true itncl original Srphof Pigs is prepared We CAUXFOII3II int/ tsißur COXPILIZ Every package of the g.haine bs4rt tie, NAM, and TRADE MARK. Refuse all substitutes and imi- tations. Of Chemists everywhere.! Price 1/111 and 2/9 ; or post free on receipt of peat.. from ;he Depot- 13'. S!.OW HILL, LONDON, B.C.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may bs arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Hach patient Informed beforehand the cost f°l wor required TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless Eat(qtelt;iianroauss hitherto by the aid TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10.000 gallons weekly. Bxors. of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY Haim.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, 044.14 11 GE-STREET, • EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. MOO WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SArricsrEEr RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-ST. NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMARICET4/'

MARRIAGES. BAICER—TORPEY.—September 12th, at the Parish ClvTr Warrington, by the Rev. H. R. DI, Hutt, Edward 0" " to Mary Ellen Torpey. St FAIRMSUGH DIITTON—GRIME.—On the 17th inst. Paul's, Helsby, by the Rev. A. Spofford, James Falt, Dntton, eldest son ef the late William Dutton. of Warri of ton, to Edith May, second daughter of Thomas Grifile• Clifton, Helsby. DEATHS. FLETCRER.—September 9th, at Dial-street, Wrarrflib" Richard Fletcher, aged 20 months. KlLKENNY.—September 11th, at Hill-street, Warily • gt°°. John Kilkenny, aged 53 years. MORRlS.—September 13th, at Kean-street, Warrington, Morris, aged 2 years. THORNTON.—September 15th, at Dial-street, Warrinw-- Maggie Thornton. aged 29 years. TlMMlNS.—September 15th, at Bewsey-road, Evelyn Timmins, Timmins, aged 6 months. vcfol° STEPHEN i SON. —September 16th. at Pinner's Brow, • May Stephenson, aged 15 months. COP CARTWRIGHT.—September 17th, at New-road, Ellen wright, aged 38 years.
