===== 0002601_18960404_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
868 REGISTERFD FOR TRANSMISSION ABROAD

===== 0002601_18960404_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
FRONI BRAIN TO KEY BOARD. A IACDONALD S i Art lI'S SYSTEM FOR TECHNIQUE. TOUCH AND 41 and in dilly us. by Fro fessionals and Amateurs ot the United mg,BCquired . United States, .14,l'arts lc d in, in o '118'„ Ift• Austr4lia, &C Mr. SMITH'S System cotimat .fareat, the supreme merit of the the tact that, it invo,ves the totil abolition and &v ,ie-practicising and •e'.fitatf ishment of all that terrible 50‘ jokendin-ing next :300„4ger exercii tig from which the n" “W„.4.-lithlcfour has suffered so grievously --,,toinver f)azett," and so long."— It i th, ma, clear that Mr. MACDONA.LD SMIT • d Ec i enti Ific ne krou„:„3,le.t carelfilly and acts upon well ascertai has studied 's• —" life 1),, ly Te,egra h." DI: 6s . by Cor resll"lslete ck 0 •iix Lessons, Personal. -•-- - " t''',iclenee. L 3 3, ; ere. n-n ,l (class of 3), g 3 33. Per, 1,11 CTUttli at NIUSILIAL ASSOCIATION, TRINITY— COLLEGE, ,to , Post, Free, Seven StainPS. EIPLAFtOED PRoSPECTUS, POST PBEE• „ ILACI)ONALD lIITH, STEINWAY HALL, 4Q, "nlili ~,,.. X'Vf 31CYMOUR-STABET, LONDON,'i

t".tot4-,,

===== 0002601_18960404_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
TRouAs FRAIN, DEBT COLLECTOR and GENERAL COMMISSION

AGENT, HAS REMOVED TO 28, BEWSEY ROAD, WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION Special Arrangementa, &c., for the Collection of WHOLESALE ACCOUNTS.

FOR RELIABLE GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS

GO TO THE CHESHIRE SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON.

HAMS AND BACON

GUARANTEED

NEW SEASON'S TEA

JUST ARRIVED FROM is., is. 21, is. 4c1., Is. 61, is. Bd., AND 2s. PER LB. EXCELLENT QUALITY.

THE CHESHIRE SUPPLY SIOIR,-; S, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURDAY, APRIL 4, 1896

===== 0002601_18960404_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
gobtpptng flottres.

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: JOHN WALKER AND CO., VtlitOk. "EXAMINER OFFICB, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
&GENTS FOR

OUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- kJ DAY, and for BOSTON every THURSDAY. TNTENDI NG EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, FOS- TON, PHILADELPHIA, SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND, shwld take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at THE

"EXAMINER" OFFICE, WA RRIN4TON.

By any of the above-mentioned or any °them lines.

JOHN WAtKER AND O. AGENT

AD EL AI E, MELBOURNE and SYDNEY /STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL. A MERICAN LIAE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW LI YORK. direct every SATURDAY. and LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK and PHILADELPHIA, evvry WED- NESDAY.

;11ftu5tral instrturtritts.

IMPORTANT TO FARNi BREI, GARDRNERS &c.

J. TOOLE,

LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER,

ALLEN STREET.

Slaughter Yard, Longford, Warrington. Offera for sale a large quantity of

BLOOD AND BONE MANURE IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION, Highly recommended for Roots and Grass.

Best prices paid for Dead and Worn-out Horses, Cows, die., and removed any reasonable distances. ORDERS PUNCTUALLY ATTENDED TO.

CORPORATION OF THE CITY OF MANCHESTER. CONCENTRATED MANURE MADE FROM SLAUGHTER-HOUSE AND MARKET REFUSE, EXCREMENT FROM PAIL CLOSETS,

BLOOD, BONES, FlsH, DELIVERED IN BAGS, CARRIAGE PAID. IN 2 TON LOTS WITHIN 50 MILES AND 4 TON LOTS WITHIN 100 MILES, AT

PER TON Spt-cial price over 100 miles. SUPPLY s cti:‘ ORDI4,ItB ehould be given early in the season to prevent disappointment. Full particulars from

R. ID. )ALLISON, INDOOR Si TERINTENDENT, Cleansing apartment, Town Hall, Manchester; Or ttN J. W. OA.I.LD;ON, Beswlck, Manchester; BOLD ALDRED, Stamtord Road, Altrineharn

===== 0002601_18960404_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIOR ONE PIiNNY

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. 4LLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from

B. CUNNINGHAM WINWICK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Sole Agent for ANCili.)-BAV RUN AM t'ER ALE. WARDLE'S HOREHOUND BEER

===== 0002601_18960404_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
ls. 70 per Quarter, 65.6 d. per Antum BY Posy ls. 9d per Quarter credit

NEW. THIS WEEK'S 13AEGAINS IN DINING-ROOM FURNITURE.

G-OLDSTONE AND. SONS'

TREMENDOUS REDUCTIONS. GOLDSTONE AND SONS', 15, 117, 119, OXFORD-STREET (right opposite All Saints' Church), LIAINCHESTER.

HE LARGEST AND MOST COMPLETE SHOW OF HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE OUTSIDE LONDON.

6ECOND-HAND FuRNITURE. BEDSTEADS, Ac., Ac.. BY ALL THE BFST MAKERS, AT 25 PER CED.T. BELOW COST.

CONDITIONS OF SALE.—MI Goods racked and de- ivered free any distance. Railway fair paid to country customers. Goods stored free of .charge until required. Al! articles re-polished and exchanged If not approved of. The PUBLIC ARS INVITED TO CALL AND SEE THE WONDERFUL BARGAINS now being offered, the quality of the FURNITURE being A 1, and now sold at Ridiculously Low Prices to make room for several large houses of Furniture now stored away, having no room to show them. Don't delay, but call at once, and capture the bargains now awaiting you. When you come to visit us you have no ex- pense. We pay your Railway Fares, we Deliver the Goods Free, and you see what you cannot see in your own town that is £lO.OOO worth of good, substantial New and Second- hand Furniture to Select from. Come to Manchester by all means, and Save fully 50 per cent of your hard-earned money. GOOD SECOND-HAND FURNITURE IS BETTER THAN

£4 10$. Od., worth £l2 108. Od., very massive DINING-ROOM SUIIE, in leather, large Couch, pair f Easy Chairs, and four smaEs, all made by smith. £4 15$. Od. Very massive Solid Mahogany SIDE- BOARD, with large bevelled glass back and shelves. original:y cost nearly £2O ; just been re-polished. Fitted with drawers and cupboard, and all conveniences. ..E7 15s. Od., worth £2O. Very heavy DINING ROOM SUITE, in claret coloured leather, solid frames, and small chairs, paddrd ust been re-upholstered and re-polished. Call and inspect. £7 17.5. 6d., cost when new £lB. Handsome SADDLE-BAG SUITE, solid frames, paid beautifully uphols- tered Couch, pair of Ladies' and Gents' Easy Chairs, and four small Chairs, all stared backs. Delivered free any distance. £l4 14s. Od., cost £3O. Grand Bargain in a Secon-i-lyind Solid Oak DINING-ROOM SUITE, by Radcliffe' consisting of the Conch, two Easy Chairs, and six Standard Padded Back Single Chairs, upholstered in green Morocco leather, very little worn, in fact as goad as new. £2 15$.' Od. The massive DINING TABLE to match above suite, I:),aritifully-csrved legs. well got up. Cost when new £9. £.3 15s. Od. Well worth ED. The very unique second-hand solid oak Sideboard, v,ith lofty back, fitted with bevelled silvered plates, fitted with drawers, cupboards, cellerette, and all the modern conveniences. Worthy of attention. £5O Os. 03. Very massive DINING-ROOM SUITE in real Morocco, upholstered with hair in solid walnut frames, large Couch. two Gentlemen's Easy Chairs and six Standard Chairs, with large stuffed backs, all castored • 6ft. American Walnut Sideboard to match, all silvered plates. bevelled drawers, cupboards, and shelves ; very heavy 6ft. Dining Table with extending screw and loose leaves, the Coal Vase to match. The lot honestly worth £l5O. Delivered and packed ree of charge £1 ss. Od. to £2O. Walnut, oak, mahogany and Cyprus DINING 'FABLES, in all sizes and makes, to snit everybody, in all sizes to suit every family, and at all prices to suit every pocket. Mind you, all Second-hand, at Second- hand Prices. THIS WEEK'S BARGAINS IN DRAWING- ROOM. FURNITURE.

£3 10s. 01., originally cost 16 guineas. Elegant DRAWING-ROOM CABINET, in so.ld walnut, fitted, com- plete with beautifully silvered bevelled plates. A noble article. £5 19s. 61., worth £lO. Nice little DRAWING - ROOM SUITE, in Freize Velvet. Seeend hand, and very little used; good size Couch. pair of Easy Chairs, and four small Chairs, with padded backs, well upholstered. De-

livered free. .E 8 15s. Od., cost when new 25 guinea. Beautiful finished DRAWING-ROOM SUITE, in solid walnut frames, upholsterel in rich brocade, velvet, old gold colour, all large and very !;ttle soiled, brass castored. A bargain. .£lO 10s. Od. worth £3O. Very handsome Chip. dendala DRAWING-ROOM SUITE, in expensive Genoa vel- vet, nicely carved frames and well finished. Consists of Settee, pair of Easy Chairs, and four Occasional Chairs. Cheap. £9 153. Od. Second - hand CHIPPENDALE CABINET, by Ogden, worth £25. Beautifnlly carved in bas relief, and a silvered plates bevolled ; the underneath portion is fitteo with glass-panelled doors and shelves, for the display of bric•a-brac. Also the CENTRE TABLE, to matelt„ by the same maker, for 275. 6d., worth £3. • ls. 01 DRAWING-ROOM BRASS SET com- plete, comprising heavy Curb. pair of Fire Dogs, and Set of Fire Brasses, all to match. Honestly worth £..25. Od. Fit any hearth. £3O Os. 01 Very fine rosewood inlaid DRAWING.. ROOM SUITE, upholstered in rich Genoa Velvet, with plush borders, all hair stuffed. Made by Oetzman. The suite com- prises very fine double-sided Settee, elegantly upholstered. pair of luxurious Easy Chairs, four small Chairs with very fine carved backs, an,t two small Occasional Chairs with padded backs. Been in use tor this season only, and not a bit worse for wear. £23 10s. Od. Second - hand rosewood inlaid DRAWING-ROOM CABINET, 41t. 61n. wide, with large fancy back glass cupboards each side. Will match the above suite. Octagon Centre Table to match for 305., coat 50s. The inlaid envelope Card Table, also to match for 4 guineas; when new oost £lO. The rosewood inlaid Over Mantel from the same house, for £3 3s. Od., cost £6 les. Od. This is a very fine lot, and well worthy of attention. .£3 19s. 64. Complete set of FIRE BRASSES, to- gether with massive Curb, nicely chased, pair of Dogs and Stop. win fit any ordinary hearth. Well worth 2101 Al! are well lacquered on church brass. THIS WEEK'S BARGAINS IN BEDROOM FURNITURE. £2 10s. Od. The Complete Second-hand Lot of FURNITURE, for Bedroom, consists of large size Dressing Table fitted with drawers; Swing Glass; Washstand, fitted bottom board and drawers; two Cane Chairs and Towel Rail ; the lot cheap at £5. a ss. Od. Very Handsome Solid Walnut Pair of DUCHESSR STANDS. heavy carved legs, fitted with. bevelled-plate, and numerous jewel drawers and boxers to Dressing Table, and large marble slab to Washstand, lust been re-polished, and are equal to new ; well worth £lO. .£6 15s. W., cost when new £2O. The handsomest Pair of TOILET TABLES inManchester. All Solid. Large bevelled silvered glass, all drawers and cupbovrds in both, real marble slab and tile beak, and bevelled silvered eau in, washstand ;all castored and brass handled. £8 15s. Od. Solid Satin Walnut BEDROOM SUITE, comprising large Wardrobe, with silver plate in door ; pair of enclosed Toilet Tables, with towel rail and pot cupboard attached ; two Cane Chairs, just been repolished and overhauled ; made by Herman, worth £25. £l3 13s. Od. The finest Second-hand SUITE at the price in Manchester. Large size Wardrobe, fitted with drawers end hanging compartment large bevelled plate in door ; pair of well-constructed Toilet Tables,with swing glass to both dressing table and washstand, marble slab and tile hack, both on castors; Towel Rail and pedestal Cupboard attached ; and three Cane Chairs. Well worth £EO, £l6 164. Od. American walnut BEDROOM

_ SUITE, b? Dovestonoornprising large War trobe. with bevel- led silvered plate in centre door. and large drawer below, Inside fitted for hangings, and beautifully lined in sateen; pair of-elegantly-constructed Toilet tables, both fitted With bevelled glass in backs, both fully motored. Towel Rail and pedestal Cupboard combined, and three Cane Chairs. A marvel of cheapness. Honestly worth £35. £2.0 O. Od. Very tine BEDROOM SUITE in American and Italian walnut; all solid and no worse for wear, The full complement of pieces. Well finished; worth, £4O. £l7 Os. Od., worth .£45. Solid satin walnut BEDROOM SUITE. mire number Of pieces as above Suite, but a bit smaller. Capital value. £9O Os. Od. The entire CONTENTS of a beauti- fully FURNISHED REDROOM fit to adorn the house or a Duke. The lot consist of a Bedroom Suite that baffles description, made by Hill, of Glasgow. solid American walnut, with Italian walnut panels, large silvered bevel plate door of Wardrobe, the other doors fitted with transparent bevelled plates, with plush behind, rifted with drawers, cup- boards, and nicely lined in sateen to match. The pair of handsome Toilet Tables with side mirror, large swing glass in ' centre both to dressing table and washstand, three upholstered. Chairs, Towel Airer, and Bedside Pedestal. Very massive Parisian Bedstead in solid brass square pillars. upholstered in rich French tapestry and plush. The upholstered spring Mattress, hair Overlay. Boleter, and two large feather Pillows, large Carpet, and gilt Chimney Glass. The above was never bought under £250, and is fully worth that amount.

Bs. 9d. to £25. The FINEST SHOW OF BRASS AND IRON BEDSTEADS Iff LANCASHIRE, CHESHIRE YORKSHIRE and STAFFORDSHIRE. All sizes from 3ft. to sft. 6d., in French, Parisian, Italian w‘lnut and satin, walnut; any price to suit you. You would do well to call and inspect our Bedstead and Bedding Department. It will astonish you and give you 801113 idea of what we ars doing.

;.,r,CONI)-11ANI) FURNITURB

£l5 worth £5O Complete House ot SECOND-HAND FUHNITURH, consist ng of parlour, kitchen, and two bed- corns, everything comp etc.

I_IOUSES COMPLETELY FURNISHED at a FEW HOURtf NOTICE. from £5 to £l,OOO. Corn petent men sent out all over the country to give estimates and fit up. No charge to the purchaser. Give us a call ; we charge nothing for showing you over our vast establishmeut, and if you don't see anything that will tempt you, you wilt be more thou hard •o de4se,

IZAILWA.Y r`ARE PA ID CUSTOMERS. NOTE OUR ONLY aDDRESS THE NOTED HOUSE FURNISHERS. k _TO J. DSTON E AND 115, 117, 119, OXFORD-STREET, Immediately Opposite All Saints' Church, Ni A Nell EST 14_:R. Old Trafford, Brooka' Bar, Palatine-road, and Oxford-sire:4,k L Trsnis pass the door, Faro Id, from Market-street.

'lO COUNTRY

===== 0002601_18960404_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
MADE-UP DISHES

Which are a most important tern in the week's menu of every household, are made most piquant and tasty by the addition of

OVRIL,

Which is the guaranteed product

RIME OX BEEF ind which imparts the ull flavour of Fresh Meat to even the most tasteles dish.

.-• g'..,..7‘). i e • ''• ,' J",, : -.:, 0 / e -"-.7(.;---t B ,0!!"........,y7,1i,,Ne z\ , ~,_,..r,._!,_,-_,.. ,'V -it VI \i" \',i, -k..-,,.:•,5'; ,‘....',";;.(i.: .- \ \\ .. ,N .\\N....LO ~11y*.,•,,i, \..\--"Q\ • ~,- p. 4 ~,,,,,;.7„,,,-,- - ~.76. , , _ • . _ , ‘ P , tf ;i i fill • cl. ''.'...,-*,....f....P iii;i' ~,',l.{ii.i. (4:4,1 :,-.;...-;.,. ~.1 • i . ai P 1 il' i. i ' --.-.-- - .7 '...':'-.... t''...' • lil P,Nl',, .-1 -- - • it; „ , ~,,,,,0,1!,‘,,,.7 1 t .pli g 1 .', lid iig 41,014. ..!:

===== 0002601_18960404_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

A CRANK is a person whose enthusiasm we do not share. "ALL the world loves a lover "—and derives con- siderable amusement from him, too.

"DAR am some men," said Uncle Eben, "dat regards eb'ry change in de weddah as a change foh de wus."

IF, as has erroneously been said, we really profited by our errors, every man-jack of us would be declaring dividends daily. SIISPICIOUS.—Jones :"I have decided to join the Church." Brown: "What have you been doing?" _ _ _ _

HiADING HIM OFF.—Jaspar : "Children often say very funny things." Jumpuppe (guardedly) : " Yes ; but never funny enough to be repeated." HUSBAND: "Now, doctor, tell me candidly, -why is my wife never really well ?" Doctor: "Well, candidly, because she's never really ill 1" THE BENEFIT DERIVED.—Jaspar : "Bighead has studied history critically." Jumpuppe ; "What a great many things he must know to be untrue!"

A QUESTION OF ATTIRE.—" Deah me !" said Chappie. "r weahly don't know what to do. The Alichaux Club is to have a run ahfter eight o'clock to-night, and I don't know how the deuce I'll look on a bicycle in a dress suit !" QUITE CORRECT. —Teacher: "Why are the days so short in the winter ? " Dull Boy " Guess it mus' be 'cause the Mghts are so long." SHE: "This is so sudden! You must ask mamma." He: "Oh, that's all right! She has given me several hints already." THE YOUNG IDEA.—Sunday-school Teacher: "Suppose, my boy, that my watch had no works, and I should sell it to a man for five pounds, what would Ibe ? " Sammy: "A smart business man."

WHAT WAS THE MATTER WITH WASHINGTON? —The latest research makes it appear that George Washington's inability to tell a lie was due to a painful malady now described as "paralysis of mendacity." Latterly the disease has been almost entirely stamped out in America. A WEAK BROTllER.—Theosophist : "How did you like Dr. Faraway's address at our last meet- ing?" Neophyte: "Oh, it was a good enough address, but it was wasn't exactly Theosophic. Why, I understood nearly all of it 1" HER VALUE.—" It's dreadful, really, this new- woman craze, so called," said Robert. "Really, I can't see any good in it." "There's lots of good," retorted Richard. "If it wasn't for the new

woman some of us wouldn't know what a fine, beautiful creature the other woman is."

A LIFE-SAVING PURSUIT.—" A great many lives will be saved by the discovery of the North Pole," said Mr. Bloobumper, in reply to a friend who was discoursing on the usefulness of the search. " How do you make that out?" "It won't be necessary for so many explorers to die in the effort to find it."

A SUNDAY SCHOOL VERSE— The straightest man of ancient times Was Joseph, smooth and slim, Because the King of Egypt made A ruler out of him.

WHAT SHE WAS.—llacket (furiously) : "Do you know, I've married a young woman through a matrimonial agency which claimed her to be a countess, whereas I find she is only a cook 1" Sacket (interestedly) : "A cook! You lucky dog !"

OH, NOTIIINK."—Having taken a cab to his residence, which is near an old cemetery, a gentle- man offered the man eighteenpence, which was just his legal fare, and no more. Cabby looked at the coins, slowly deposited them in his pocket and said, pointing to his horse, " D'ye see that little white 'oss with the short tail ? " " Yes " was the rather puzzled reply. " What about him?" "Oh, nothink ; only I hope the next time you're brought here it'll be a black 'oss with a long tail." HE leaned soulfully nearer. "And could you," he whispered, "think of another?" She cast down her eyes in sweet confusion. "Really," she faltered; "two ices already—er—if you insist— thank you. Yes; strawberry flavour, if you please." THE CORN-FED PHILOSOPHER. "The great trouble with young men who want to see life," remarked the corn-fed philosopher, "is that they imagine that there is none of it worth seeing by daylight.' "TICKETS, PLEASE ! "—A friend of the writer recently engaged a servant who had never been " out " before. A day or two after it happened to be her "At Home" day, but through indisposition she was unable to see her friends, who accordingly left their cards. This proceeding greatly astonished the servant-girl, and determined to get an explana- tion thereof she electrified her mistress by asking— " Must all the ladies show their tickets, ma'am, before I lets 'em in?"

--- --- AT LAST.—The stout one with the eye-glasses gazed with rapture at tile rolling, dark-blue waves. "At last," he said, "the dream of my life is realised ! I have the glories of the mighty deep before my eyes, the moisture of the salt breeze for the first time on my cheek !" Here he wept. The careless loungers of the sandy shore, recognising the celebrated writer of sea stories, respected his emotion, and stood silent, nor jarred upon his joy with their idle babble. DIE TRUSTFULNESS OF LOVE.—" YOU know, dear," said Miss Dalyers, frankly, to her accepted suitor—" you know we get none of papa's money while he lives." "I quite understand that, my precious pet," replied the young man, with the light of love in his eyes. "We will invite him to live with us, put a folding-bed in his room, and hope for the best."

TEACHER: "Do any of you know what is meant by imagination ?" Little Girl: "I do." "Very well. You may define it." "It's w'at boys uses w'en they is asked why they is late to school." No FAR WRONG.—Tommy : "Paw, what is an egotist?" Mr. Figg : "He is a man who thinks he is smarter than any one else." Mrs. Figg : "My dear, you have that wrong. The egotist is the man who says he is smarter than any one else. All men think that way." SPEAKING UP FOR Him.—Briggs "Miss Penn- stock was talking about you last night, and she said she never saw a fellow so calm and immovable as you. She wanted to know if you were ever aroused to sudden action." Griggs: "You stood by me, didn't you ? " Briggs: "Yes. I told her she ought to ask you up to dinner and see." LOVE-TOENS.—Friend "How is your suit with that girl coming on?" Sharpwit : "I haven't had the courage to propose yet; but I know she loves me." " Eli ? How do you know?" "Her father always glares at me when we meet." A LETTER TO HIS MoTHER.-L-A gentleman in Brooklyn was cleaning out his desk the other day and tearing up his old letters, when the packman, a son of Erin, who was in office, spoke up: "Sure, sir, an' ye might gimme one,,of them letters." "What do you want it for? " I promised to i write a letter to my old mithir n Cork, but as I wasn't lamed to write, I can send her one of them letters you hain't got no use for. It'll just make her proud." The gentleman gave the affectionate son a patent medicine anti-fat circular, which was Alulyi_n_Qsted. . _ •

===== 0002601_18960404_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
"CAPITAL" CHAT.

The following interesting extract is from a pri- vate letter just received from a well-in- formed Engliah resident in Japan :—" Vur coach- man has been called up to Tokyo for a fortnight's service, without previous not ice,although be served through the war. The army is being supplied with Murata rifles, and the reserves are being called out for practice. The fact is that no only are the peo- ple here very angry with Russia, but they are a little afraid of her as well, and they seem to be pre- paring for possible emergencies.

I have had an opportunity of seeing some of the replies from colonial governors to Mr. Chamberlain's despatch of 28th November last respecting the dis- placement of British by foreign goods in the colonial markets. I noticed in more than one in- stance attention is called to bad packing, and the many breakages and damage resulting therefrom; this it seems is a common complaint with private customers, on whose shout .era the loss falls, and who, consequently, fall back upon local tradesmen suffering from the same complaint. Foreign firms, especially Germans as a rule, pay more attention to the selection and forwarding of goods than do our exporters. One governor offers a very plausible reason for this; he says British shortcomings in that respect are almost entirely due to the substi- tution of the company for the private firm. Servants have not the same interest in the business as em- ployers; boards of directors are too lordly to attend to such a small matter as the packing of goods; in abort, the master's eye is absent.

So tar as I can learn, Mr. George Wyndham's intention to raise the Transvaal question after Easter does not meet with much approval on his own side of the House. It is quite possible that after Easter Mr. Chamberlain may be in a, position to make an important statement in re- gard to Transvaal affairs, but it is known that he regards the situation as still delicate, and as likely to be so for some time, and that ha has no desire to have his hand forced in the matter. A leading Unionist member who has special opportunities for studying the actual situation in South Africa de- clares that things Were progressing quite satis- factorily "if only the busybodies will but refrain from interfering."

The memorial to the Prime Minister and the Chancellor of the Exchequer on the subject of the death duties has been sent in—somewhat prema- turely, it is said. About 203 members of the House of Commons have agreed to it—a much larger number of signatures than the promoters appeared at one time likely to get,—but I believe that some of the members who have signed have made it clear that they do not necessarily commit themselves to a campaign against the duties, al- though they are willing that the promoters should have an opportunity of stating their case.

There has been some discussion recently in Socialist circles as to the •advisability and possi- bility of starting a daily paper to "properly repre- sent the opinions of Socialists "—a somewhat diffi- cult matter—considering how seldom Socialists share tbe same opinions. It is complained that the daily papers sedulously " boycott "Socialist meet- ings by refusing to give them publicity, and this can only be remedied,it is said,by tho establishment of a journal devoted to the chronicling of the do- ings of the party. If we may judge from the re- ports of iany Socialist meetings that reach us, the " party organ" will want a large reserve fund to meet the expense •of defending libel actions. Mr. Tom Mann is of opinion that £15,000 would be suffi- cient to start the paper, a decidedly sanguine eqi- mate if the paper is to be run at all on the same lines as the present dailies, which seems to be the intention.

I hear that some at least of the South American States are by no means enthusiastic over that de- velopment of the Monroe doctrine which found ex- pression in Mr. Olnev's famous despatch and in President Cleveland's still more famous Message. In Chili especially there is a disposition to repudi- ate the virtual claim 04 f the United States to control the foreign relations of that Republic. The appli- cation of the Monroe doctrine to South America is regarded with disfavourais it is held that it would be but" the thin end of the wedge," giving the statesmen at Washington a claim to still further in- terference should they ever deem it desirable. In a. word, the States of South America look with jeal- ousy on a policy which might tamper with their absolute independence. They do not want to en- courage or even to tolerate the idea that there is any sort of protectorate of the southern continent vested in the United States.

It is said that. great efforts will be made to make the dinner that is to !le given by the National Liberal Clubin honour of Sir William Harcourt, a big succeßs. From what I hear, the list of applica- tions for tickets is likely to be exceedingly large.

The rising in Matabeleland is in all political'and financial cparters regarded as a very serious event, even though some progress has been made in put- ting it down.• One of its worst features is that it is not the result of a sudden impulse either ef fanatic- ism or T a'riotism, for there are symptoms enough to prose it to be the result of a conspiracy which has been concocted in secrecy, and was utterly un- suspected by the English authorities. It is easy to trace it to the effect produced upon the mind of the natives by the defeat of Jameson. and to wild ru• mours as to the relations of the English and Dutch in the Rand. Whether it is the work of the native police or not, one is tempted to ask how it could be possible that Englishmen, with their vast experi- ence of the methods of native races, had no secret machinery in hand for keeping themselves informed as to the state of native feeling—an intelligence de- partment, or, in less eunhemistic phraseology, an organised spy system. There appears also to have been remissness'in organising a proper force to take the place of Jameson's captured troopers, and yet that should have been the first duty of the Im- perial Government after it assumed ,the responsi- bility for the peace and good conduct of the new

• territory. City men here would have been prepared to face a renewal of the misunderstanding with Germany if Mr. Chamberlain could only have been able to announce at the end of last. week that the purchase of the Delagoa Bay from Portugal was an ACCOMD- lished fact. The rumour was credited in political and colonial circles, by financiers, and in military club., and the idea is by no means departed from that an effort has been made by this country to in- duce Pprtugal to sell. And the•conviction is equally strong that some day, sooner or later, Portugal will be tempted to hart with her rights over this coveted harbour. •

The Church Association has determined to ask Parliament for a commission of inquiry into the Church appointments of the Prime Minister and the bishops. A petition is now in course of signature calling the attention of the House of Commons to the spread of Ritualism in the Church. It appears from this document that of the thirty-four bishops no fewer than twenty belong to the High Church or "Ritualistic" school,while only five are Evangeli- cals. It is alleged that Lord Salisbury is largely responsible for this; at any rate, he has made thir- teen High Church and only three Evangelical prelates.

I learn from private sources in Cairo that an im- pression widely prevalent in the European colonies in Egypt disconnects England altogether from the initiative of the Dongola expedition. If the view ! largely held in those quarters is correct, a number 1 of questions not precisely reassuring for this coun- try at once suggest themselves. The initiative is believed to have been taken by Germany and .11s- ' tria. It has been "at the instance" of these two countries, according to the local opinion I am quot- ing. that the British Government resolved originally to "operate a diversion first at Wady Haifa and afterwards at Suakim to disengage the Italian gar- rison at Kassala." I hear at the same time—and my Cairo informant is not a partisan of evacuation —that "if we may judge from appearances the Agfince Britannique here was not consulted as to the forward movement in principle." Slatin Pasha, by the way, has just received from the Emperor of Austria a special medal, bestowed upon him by His ' Majesty in acknowledgment of a copy of " Fire and Sword in the Soudan."

TO PRRSERVB YOUR HAIR nre common sense: don't riin it by sousing it with cold water or starve it by neglect, all living things require nourishment, and pure grease Is tin doubtedly the best nourisher of the hair for more than a Century. ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OIL has been considered the best preserver of the hair ever used :it prevents it falling off or turning grey, removes scurf and promotes a luxuriant growth : for children it is tinsurpassnl :also in a golden colour for fair hair. Bottles 3s 6d., 75.' 108 6d. (equal to 4 small). R ow:an d's Macassar 011.—Nourishes the hair.

, Rowland's IVlacassar Oil.—Prevknfs baldnegs. Ask anvwhore for Rowland's Macassar Oil. of 20. Hatton Gardenl London, and avoid cheaplwortbless imitations.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
All rights reserved. THIN GS A WOMAN WANTS TO KNOW.

AT the present time all the boys and girls are at home for the holidays, and this means a busy time for those who have to provide for their wardrobes. The fashion of coats and skirts is an exceedingly convenient one for girls.• A suit of this kind made of a good blue serge will stand any amount of hard wear, and will look well to the last. With regard to the style, I think there is nothing better than a reefer coat, with a skirt of medium width. 6 In my first sketch I am showing you a charming design for one of these useful little garments suitable for a child of from ten to twelve. The original was fashioned of a very dark navy blue serge of medium thickness,

_ To am had from PATTERN DEPART/4E17;18, HENRIETTA. Smarr, LONDON, W.C.

and was lined with scarlet Italian cloth. This, with a variety of shirts, would be all that a girl could require for daily use from now to the end of the summer.

I think girls' dress was never more sensible than it is at the present time, nor eould it be more economical. Any lady who is fond of needlework, and who has time to bestow on it, can make all her daughters' clothes with very little trouble, provided, of course, that she secures good Ratterns to start with. I think it is an excellent plan for girls to include in their wardrobe one or two shirts of very thin flannel. A tennis flannel of either pale blue or pink is charming for the purpose, and, provided the sleeves are of moderate dimensions only, two and a quarter or two and a half yards will be ample for the purpose. Shirts of this kind are splendid for boating or tennis; in fact for all kinds of outdoor games. They can be worn with a linen collar, which perhaps looks better than one of ordinary flannel. I have recently been assisting in the manu- facture of the trousseau of a friend of mine. She is not blessed with a superabundance of this world's goods, but is determined, in spite of that, to have a nice and useful trousseau. She is, consequently, doing a great deal of the work herself, and is spending all the money she can on good materials. When I was with her the other day she was making some night- dresses, and I was charmed to see how pretty and how simple they were. Even though I make my own underclothes, I have always looked upon a nightdress as such a very big undertaking, with all its tucks, insertion, .and so on, that I have generally pre- ferred to buy these garments ready-made.

A Pretty Nightdress. No. 1993. Paper Pattern, 81d. To be had from PATTERN DEPARTMENT, 18, HENRIETTA STREET, LONDON, W.C. - -

However, I shall certainly not do so again, but shall make them for myself, simply and prettily as my friend did hers. I sketched one for you, so that you may copy it if you like. ' The material was a fine longcloth. In design it had a small saddle back to strengthen it, which was concealed by the deep collar. The front of the nightdress was full, being just tucked a little on either side of the waist. The front opening had a band of the longcloth, feather-stitched on either side with coarse crotchet cotton. This and the deep sailor collar were edged with a pretty- embroidered frill simply "whipped" at the edge and sewn on. You will notice that the front frill is gradu- ated, being much wider at the top than at the bottom. A band of insertion to match was laid on round the collar. The sleeves were large and full, and of the bishop shape, but gathered into a band of insertion at the wrist with a frill of embroidery below. Some of my friend's nightdresses were made in this way, and others were made from the same pattern, but instead of having a sailor collar, had a turn-down Toby frill of the em- broidery. A variation of the embroidered frill might be made by choosing a woven frilling (which can be purchased with a thread in it all ready to draw up) edged with a narrow torchon lace. This is decidedly pretty, and is almost indestructible, even in the hands of the up-to-date laundress. Of course, if you are used to sleeping in flannel, my pattern would still answer exceed- ingly well, for frills of embroidered flannel could take the place of those of a lighter make.

I have just found such a delightfully simple remedy for a burn that it is worth your while making a note of it. Cover the affected part with some scraped raw potato, lay a piece of rag over it, and then bind with a bandage. The pain will be almost immediately relieved. Another good remedy is to apply a lotion of equal parts of lime-water and linseed oil. Now that the sun is gaining strength daily, you may be glad to know a good recipe for the removal of sunburn. Put a handful of parsley in a teapot and pour over it a pint of boiling water. Let it infuse, and when cool bathe the face with the tea, when the disfiguring marks of tan will disappear. The warm days have made me turn out the wicker garden chairs from the recesses of the loft, and I find that spring sunshine shows up most ruthlessly all their imperfections. g I am, therefore,4Vtaining them with a mixture of permanganate of potash (half an ounce in a quart of boiling water) which makes them a rich brown colour. The next thing to he done is to varnish them, when I anticipate their looking as good as new again.

- --___.-;---1,7---.. :=.-- , . J/. . , /.% i I 1 C , -710,ili,i‘o. 111 11(1111111111 ,:t'\ ). i ir.........____ 111 i TO' I ' ,ilI `, / / . MI ' '1 1 'II. V ' ft* 11 t A Girl's Reefer Coat. (Age 10 to _12.) No. 1992. Paper Pattern ''

1041"-.''''4•-• . ;'), -• , --' ';'-'."- -.1"•-• • ;0, .t. • ,104,_. , .......*. ~aidt, 11 e' 1 7. • .- 1 : .., I i • . N. '' '• t il : : ...t SI \ .. , . . .: i. : . .. j ... , • ..,,K9 '' i\ , 1 :.: ~;r ~. / , \ .....,,04 , mik . • ' • / Ali • ••• ''' h • Oft'''' I/ '' Vij• A , v je ; • i ,-. 0 ,ill 011 , t i Uri

===== 0002601_18960404_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
(AL) LP Y'4 COCOA, Is a gentle etimula t ; t;oe, not jrLat soothing, retread g. and invigorating- pure

===== 0002601_18960404_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY APRIL 4. 1896 THE HIDDEN HAND;

WOMEN'S CHAT.

CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS.

h, nerves, but Is Is absolutely

The Queen has abandoned her intention of going to Coburg to attend the wedding of Princess Alexandra and the Hereditary Prince of Hohenlohe-Laugenburg, and according to present arrangements her Majesty will return to Windsor Castle about the end of the month and reside there until Whitsuntide. Princess Henry of Battenberg and her children will return to Windsor Castle with the Queen. Prince Alexander, Princess Beatrice's eldest son, is shortly to join his cousin the Duke of Albany at a school in the New Forest. The Queen and the Princess will doubtless both feel parting with the little Prince, as he has never been away from either one or the other. The young Duke of Albany who by the way is a merry, sweet-dispositioned little fellow, will be entered as a student at Eton next year, and in due time go to the University. The three eldest sons of the German Emperor are to go almost immediately to the cadet-school at Ploen. where they are to continue their education. Six other cadets will join the three Princes in their military studies, three of them are the sons of noblemen, and three are commoners. Thus each Prince has for his companions two cadets of different social standing. The three Imperial beys are looking forward with great expectation to their life at Ploen and to the companionship of other boys. The special honour always paid to Prince and Princess Christian by the German Emperor and Empress,surprises many observers, until they look back upon events which shew them that this appreciation and regard for the Royal occupiers of Cumberland Lodge is not only natural, but the outcome of personal gratitude. Long before the German Empress had any idea of attaining her present exalted position, she, when Princess Augusta of Schleswig-Holstein, poor and somewhat neglect,d by , her family, received the greatest kindnesses from her English-living relatives,and this fact has never been for- gotten by the Emperor and Empress:

For Miss Marie Corelli is claimed the distinction of having produced the most successful book of the season. Mudie's took 2,000 "Sorrows of Stan" to start with. Miss Corelli, however, is not altogether in favour in Middlesbrough. The Free Library Committee there has just decided to exclude "The Sorrows of Satan " from their shelves. Some of the members confessed that they had not read the work, others had read it,and corisid,..red it too "outspoken," while one of the championo of the book " believed it would be read when half of the ep- hemeral literature of the day was forgotten." This latter opinion however, failed to find universal acceptance, and the book has been denied admittance.

At the forthcoming exhibition at the Royal Academy only cne picture by the late president will, in all pro- bability, be shown, for although Lord Leighton, as was his custom,was engaged upon several works concurently there was only one finished at the time of his death. Tte several unfinished pictures, together with his studies and pictures, will be put up to auction at Tokenhouse- yard in June, when the late President's house in Flo!. land Park-road, and all his effects, are to be disposed of. Several additions to the National Gallery have been made of late. Among them is an equestrian portrait of William 111. and a Crucifixion of Spinello Aretino,which has been hung in the vestibule among the early Italians. A still life of Willem H. Hedu will shortly be hung in room 10., and a small battle scene of the rather rare master. Jacob Weier, of the school of Wouverman, will soon fled a place among the Dutch pictures. A supple- mentary catalogue of painting acquired since the public- ation of the last edition of the Foreign and British cata- logue up to the end of 1895, will be ready shortly. It seems probable that,in spite of recent sad events,we are to have a full and brilliant season. Houses are being quickly snapped up in the West End and the best dress- makers are as busy as bees,another excellent sign. After Easter, gaieties and festivities will commence, and con- tinue with only a short break for Whitsuntide, right up to the end of July, which summer month will be ur.- usually brilliant owing totbe marriage of Princess Maud of Wales with Prince Charles of Denmark. For this cere- mony there will be many Royal visitors to London and previous to it doubtless a command night at the opera. The marriage of Miss Maple to Baron von Eckardstein is to take place on April 15th at St. Albans Abbey, and promises to be a very fashionable affair. A special train for the wedding guests,numhering several hundreds.will start from St. Pancras about noon and carriages will be provided from them at St. Albans. After the ceremony and luncheon at Sir Blundell Mapel's country seat,Child- wickburv, the guests will all be conveyed back to town by another special train.

It appears that wedding rings for men are slowly coming into fashion here as they are in several other countries, and frequently they are engraved with a motto inside. This latter idea is a revival of a pretty oid custom during the sixteenth and seventeenth cen- tury, even as late as last century, of having a motto or verse engraved inside a wedding or betfothal ring, the motto being called the" posy" or "chanson." Some of the posies were quaint, others tenth r,some of a hum. orous nature. The then Bishop of Linzoln in 1753, on marrying his fourth wife, had the following motto en- graved in his wedding ring, "If I survive I'll make them five," which was hardly complimentary to the lady. In the ring which Willis mof Orange gave to Princess Mary is engraved the Royal motto and the line, "I'll win and wear you if I can," and Louis IV. of Franze had his ring engraved with fleurs des us in com- pliment to his wife Marguerite. Loose Saque coats are greatly in evidence. The round shouldered however, would do well to avoid them, as upon these particular individuals a hump-backed appear- ance is generally the result. 'I he yoke into which the full folds are set is often very elaborately trimmed with embroidery and braiding. The central pleat is usually much wider than those on either side of it, and it is sometimes also much more prominent. Many of the new sacque coats have but one pleat in the back and two in front. Sometimes the latter are set with a yoke, but more often they fall sheer from the neck. The coats are quite short, not measuring more than three quarters of a yard in length. The liaing is usually a good brocade but very often a surati or striped silk is substituted. It is a mistake however, to choose one with a poor lining, It wears out almost immediately. For early race meetings some very lovely dust cloaks in grenadine, chin ior chameleon silks, shot in three colors, are being prepared, with a cape, like sleeves, be- ruched, and be-frilled, with either silk-edged chiffon or fine black lace, some having huge upstanding collars lined with soft laces, others are ruffled at the neck with velvet bows and chiffon.

Although plain, skirts need careful adjustment just now to give them the right hang, and above all things they should clear the ground all round for walking, and not dip or droop anywhere. 'I he most usual shape now is a narrow front, two side gores, and one or two back widths, according to whether the skirt is wanted very wide or no. A small amount of horsehair interlining is still used to set out the base usually about ten inches in front and fourteen in the back. In addition a strip of whalebone is often inserted quite at the edge of the front width to set it out well from the feet. Having joined up the skirt it should be set into the band, aud then put on to a stand, so that the hem may be regulated, otherwise it is impossible to insure that it will hang straight. Elastic bands inside are used to keep the godet folds in place. For some ten or twelve years now high corsets have been worn, pushing up the bust as high as in the days of the First Empire. Now it seems our feminine love of change after a decade of constancy, begins to grow weary. Low stays are the only correct wear at the nsoment,with low bust.the corsets catching in the figure at the waist, and expanding again on the hips. If my reader; would appear very up-to-date, they must wear one gigantic blossom well planted on the corsage. It will cover the frout of their gown almost but they must not mind. A poppy should be chosen, or a wild rose, a violet or a single dahlia. It should be worn at receptions, either day or evening. EiEDGAREE " is a capital way whereby to USA up scraps ot cold fish for breakfast. First hard boil an egg and place it in cold water till ready to use it. Next melt half-an-ounce of butter, and add to it a quarter of a pound of boiled rice and the same quantity of any cold fish. Cut up the white of the hard boiled egg into small pieces and add it also, then season well with pepper and salt, and make it quite hot. Have ready a hot dish and pile the fish, etc., up roughly on it. Garnish with chopped parsley and the yoke of an egg passed through a sieve or chopped very fine. . _

" MADGE."

Steamship agents estimate that the largest number of travellers hitherto reported will be eclipsed this summer. The Rev. C. T. Royds, fined himself, at Lancaster, on Saturday, 2s. 61 and costs for allowing his dog to ramble at large unmuzzled in Heysham village, on Sun- day night last. Mr..Royds is chairman of the county bench.

A the Liverpool Assizes on Monday a Roumanian named Marcus Weintach,who had previously been found guilty of an attempt to procure two young Austrian girls for immoral purposes, was brought up for sentence. The prisoner, under the device of finding them situations as domestic servants in South America, had brought the girls from Austria, and it was proved to the satisfcc- tion of the jury that his real object was to send them to Buenos Ayres for a different purpose. Mr. Justice Ken- nedy sentenced the prisoter to twelve months' hard labour.

lit --N CciAlliv v.......w --- i

EAUTIFUL TEETH who use daily on the tooth brush a few drops of SOZODONT,

Ithantert dentifrice in the world.

; Cleanses the teeth and spacea Curti Torpid Liver, Bile, ; between them as nothing else Sallow CompL.xion, and will. Sound and pearly white Sick Headaches pr,miptly :1 teeth, rosy lips, and frag,rant and cure them so a to stay breath ensured. slued. Chemists, 15. lid. Ask for SOZODONT. 2fi"

CAPITOLA THE MADCAP. BY MRS. E. D. E. N. SOUTZWORTEL

CHAPTER XXX. THE ORPHAN. Let me die, father ! I fear, I fear To fall in earth's terrible strife !" Not so, my child, for the crown must be won In the battle-field of life." _

—LIFE AND DEATH. "He has gone to sleep again," said Clara, with a sigh of relief. "lie has gone to Heaven, my child," said Marah Roche, softly. The orphan started, gazed wildly on the face of the dead, turned ghastly pale, and with a low moan and suffocating sob, fell fainting into the motherly arms of Mrs. Rocke. Marah beckoned Traverse, who lifted the in- sensible girl tenderly in his arms, and preceded by his mother, bore her to her chamber and laid her upon the bed. Then Marah dismissed Traverse to attend to the duties owed to the remains of the beloved departed, while she herself staid with Clara, using every means for her restoration.

Clara opened her eyes at length, but in reviving to life also returned to grief. Dreadful to witness was the sorrow of the orphan girl. She had con- trolled her grief in the presence of her father, and while he lingered in life, only to give way now to its overwheiming force. Marah remained with her, holding her in her arms, weeping with her, praying for her, doing all that the most tender mother could do to soothe, console and strengthen the bleeding yowl.; heart. The funel al of Dr. Day took place the third day from his decease, and was attended by all the gentry of the neighbouring town and the county, in their own carriages, and by crowds who came on foot to pay the last tribute of respect to their be- loved friend.

He was interred in the family burial ground, situated on a wooded hill up behind the homestead, and at the head of his last restiug-place was after- wards erected a plitin aelisk of white marble, with his name and the date of his birth and death, and the following inscription : "115 Is NOT HERE, BUT IS RISEN."

" When dear Clara comes to weep at her father's grave, these words will send her away comforted, and with her faith renewed," had been Traverse Rocke's secret thouelit, when giving directions for the inscription of this inspiring text. On the morning of the day succeeding the funeral, while Clara, exhausted by the violence of her grief, lay prostrate upon her chamber cough, Mrs. Rocke and Traverse sat conversing in that once pleasant, now desolate, morning reading-room. " You know, dear mother, that by the doctor's desire, which should be considered sacred, Clara is still to live here, and you are to remain to take care of her. I shall defer my journey West, until everything is sett:ed to Clara's catisfaction, and she has in some degree recovered her equanimity. I must also have an interview and a good under- standing with her guardian, for whom I ha 'e a message." "Who is this guardian of whom I have heard you speak more than once, Traverse ? " asked Marah.

"Dear mother, will you believe me that I have forgotten the man's name; it was an uncommon name that I never heard before in my life, and, in the pressure of grief upon my mind, its exact identity escaped my memory ; but that does not signify much, as he is expected hourly; and when he announces himself, either by card or word of mouth, I shall know, for I shall recognise the name the moment I see it written or hear it spoken. Let me see—it was something like Des Moines, De Vaugn, De Saule—or something of that sort. At all events, I'm sure I shall know it again the instant I see or hear it. And now, dear mother, I must ride up to Staunton to see some of the doctor's poor sick, that he left in my charge for as long as I stay here. I shall be back by three o'clock. I need not ask you to take great care of that dear suffering girl up-stairs," said Traverse, taking his hat and gloves for a ride. "I shall go and stay with her as soon as she wakes," answered Mrs. Rocke. And Traverse, satisfied, went his way. He had been gone perhaps an hour, when the sound of a carriage was beard below in the front of the house, followed soon by a loud rapping at the hall door.

"It is dear Clara's guardian," said Marah Rocke, rising and listening. Soon a servant entered and placed a card in her hand, saying: "The gentleman is waiting in the hall below, and asked to see the :person that was in charge here. ma'am. So I fotch the card to you." "You did right, John. Show the gentleman up here," said Mara,h ; and as soon as the servant had gone she looked at the card, but failed to make it out. The name was engraved in Old English text„ and in such a complete labyrinth, thicket and net- work of ornate flourishes, that no one who was not familiar at once with the name and the style could possibly have distinguished it. "I do not think my boy would know this name at sight !" was Marah's thought, as she twirled the card in her hand, and stood waiting the entrance of the visitor, whose step was now heard coming up the stairs. Soon the door was thrown open, and the stranger entered. Marali, habitually shy in the presence of strangers, dropped her eyes before she had fairly taken in the figure of a tall, handsome, dark complexioned, dis- tinguished looking man somewhat past middle age, and arrayed in a rich military cloak, and carrying in his hand a military cap. The servant who admitted him had scarcely re- tired, when Marah looked up, and her eyes and those of the stranger met—and—

" MARAII ROCK! ! ! "COLONEL LE Nom ! !! "

Burst simultaneously from the lips of each.

Le Noir first recovered himself, Ilnd holding out bottt hands, advanced towards her with a smile as if to greet an old friend. But Marah, shrinking from him in, horror, turhed and tottered to the farthest window, where leaning her head against the sash, she moaned: "Oh, my heat t I my heart I is this the wolf to whom my lamb must be committed?" As she moaned these words, she was aware of a soft step at her side and a low voice murmuring: " Marah Rocke, yes! the same beatriful Marah that as a girl of fifteen, twenty years ago, turned my head, led me by her fatal charms into the very jaws of death ! the same lovely Marali with her beauty only ripened by time and exalted by sor- row."

With one surprised, indignant look, but without a word of reply, Mrs. Rocke turned and walked composedly towards the door with the intention of quitting the room. fleolonel Le Noir saw and forestalled her purpose by springing forward, turning the key, and stand- ing before the door. "Forgive me, Marah, but I must have a word with you before we part," he said, in those soft, sweet, persuasive tones he knew so well how to assume.

Marah remembered that she was an honourable matron and an honoured mother, that as such, fears and tremors and self-distrust in the presence of a villain, would not well become her; so calling up all the gentle dignity latent in her nature, she resumed her seat, and signing to the visitor to follow her example, she said, composedly: "Speak on, Colonel Le Noir,—remembering, if you please, to whom you speak." "I do remember, Marah remember but too well !"

"They call me Mrs. Rocke who converse with me, sir."

" Marah, why this resentment ? Is it possible that you can sja be angry? Have I remained true to my attachment all these years, and sought you thro4ghout hs wurld to find this reeepLion last ?"

"Colonel Le Noir, if this is all you had to say it was scarcely worth while to have detained me," said Mrs. Rocke, calmly. " But it is not all, my Marah. Yes, I eel you nthie by virtue of the strongest attaclnnent man ever felt for woman. March Rocke, yoc were the only woman who ever inspired me wita a feeling worthy to be-called a passion—" "Colonel to Noir, how dare you blaspheme this house of mourning by such sinful word:, ! You forget where you stand and to whom you speak." "I forget nothi-og, Marah Rocke, nor do I violate his sanctuary of sorrow,"—here he sunk his voice below his usual low tones when. I i.peak of the passion that maddened my youth and 'withered my manhoo I—a passion whose intensity was its excuse for all extravagances and whose enduring constancy is its final, full justification." Before he had finished this sentence, Marah Rocke had c.tholy riscn and pulled the bell, rope. " What mean yea by that, March 2" he in- quired. Before she replied, a servant, in answer to the 1.2e11, came_ to the door .and tried the latch; and,

'II Small PIM 1 g 0, Small DOZO. for all I,,,AeAali.rls Smal! Prime. i'4 ... MILE Fortc i a 1. I,V : PIL S Purely Veg...; the pie' • - tuble. I c., , f•

===== 0002601_18960404_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
-I4uuul

finding it locked, rapped. With a blush that mounted to his forehead, and with a half-suppressed imprecation, Colonel Le Noir went and unlocked the door, and admitted the man. "John," said Mrs. Rocke, quietly, "show Col- onel Le Noir to the apartment prepared for him, and wait his orders." And, with a slight nod to the guest, she went calmly from the room. Colonel Le Noir, unmindful of the presence of the servant, stood gazing in angry mortification after her. The flush on his brow had given way to the fearful pallor of rage or hate, as he muttered inaudibly: "Insolent beggar! contradiction always con- firms my half-formed resolutions; years ago I swore to possess that woman, and I will do it, if it be only to keep my oath and humble her inso- lence. She is very handsome still; she shall be my slave." Then, perceiving the presence of John, he said : "Lead the way to my room, sirrah, and then go and order my fellow to bring up my portmanteau." John devoutely pulled his forelock as he bowed ! low, and then went out, followed by Colonel Le Noir. Marah Roche meanwhile had gained the privacy of her own chamber, where all her firmness deserted her. Throwing herself into a chair, she ellsped her hands and sat with blanched face and staring eyes, like a marble statue of despair. "Oh, what shall I do ? while this miscreant remains here? this villain whose very presence desecrates the roof and dishonours me? I would instantly leave the house but that I must not abandon poor Clara. "I csinist claim the protection of Traverse, for I would net provoke him to wrath or run him into danger; nor indeed would I even permit my son to dream such a thing possible as that his mother could receive insult. "Nor can I warn Clara of the unprincipled char- acter of her guardian, for if she knew him as he is, she would surely treat him in such a way as to get his enmity—nis dangerous, fatal enmity—doubly fatal since her person and property are legally at his disposal. Oh, my dove ! my dove ! that you should be in the power of this vulture. Whatshall I do, oh, Heaven!" Marah dropped on her knees and finished her soliloquy with prayer. Then, feeling composed and strengthened, she went to Clara's room. She found the poor girl lying awake and quietly weeping. "Your guardian has arrived, love," she said, sitting down beside the bed and taking Clara's hand. "Oh, must I get up and dress to see a stranger?" sighed Clara, wearily. "No, love, you need not stir until it is time to dress for dinner; it will answer quie well if you meet your guardian at table," said Marah, who had particular reasons for wishing that Clara should first see Colonel Le Noir with other company to have an opportunity of observing him well and possibly forming an estimate of his character (as a young girl of her fine instincts might well do) before she should be exposed in a tete-a-tete to tho,se deceptive blandishments he knew so well how to bring into play. "That is a respite I Oh, dear Mrs. Rocke, you don't know how I dread to see any one !" "My dear Clara, you must combat grief by prayer, which is the only thing that can overcome it," said Marah. Mrs. Rocke remained with her young charge as long as she possibly could, and then she went down stairs to oversee the preparation of the dinner. And it was at the dinner table that Marah, with the quiet and gentle dignity for which she was distinguished, introduced the younger members of the family to the guest, in these words: "Your ward, Miss Day, Colonel Le Noir." The Colonel bowed deeply, and raised the hand of Clara to his lips, murmuring some sweet, soft, silvery and deferentially inaudible words of con- dolence, sympathy, and melancholy pleasure, from which Clara, with a gentle bend of her head, with- drew to take her seat. "Colonel Le Noir, my son, Dr. Rocke," said Marah, presenting Traverse. The colonel stared superciliously, bowed with ironical depth, said he was "much honoured," and turning his back on the young man, placed himself at the table. During the dinner he exerted himself to be agreeable to Miss Day and Mrs. Roche, but Tra- verse he affected to treat with supercilious neglect, or ironical deference. Our young physician had too much self-respect to permit himself to be in any degree affected by this rudeness. And Marah, on her part, was glad, so that it did not trouble Traverse, that Le Noir should behave in this manner, so that Clara should be enabled to form some correct idea of his dis- position. When dinner was over, Clara excused herself and retired to her room, whither she was soon followed by Mrs. Roche. "Well, my dear, bow do you like your guardian?" asked Marah, in a tone as indifferent as she could make it. "I do not like him at all," exclaimed Clara, her gentle blue eyes flashing with indignation through their tears ; " I do not like him at all, the scornful, arrogant, supercilious— —Oh! I do not wish to use such strong langus.ge, or to grow angry when I am in such deep grief; but my dear father could not have known this man, or he never would have chosen him for my guardian 1 do you think he would, Mrs. Roche?" "My dear, your excellent father must have thought well of him, or he would never have in- trusted him with so precious a charge. Whether your father's confidence in this man will be justified as far as you are concerned, time will show. Meanwhile, my love, as the guar- dian appointed by your father, you should treat him with respect ; but so far as re- posing any trust in him goes, consult your own instinct s "I shall! and I thank heaven that I have not got to go and live with Colonel Le Noir !" said Clara, fervently. Mrs. Rocke sighed. She remembered that the arrangement that permitted Clara to live at her own home with her chosen friends was but a verbal one, not binding upon the guardian and executor, unless he chose to consider it so. Their conversation was interrupted by the en- trance of a servant with a message from Colonel Le Noir, expressing a hope that Miss Day felt better for her afternoon's repose, and desiring the favour of her company in the library. Clara returned an answer pleading indisposition, and begging upon that account to be excused. At tea, however, the whole family met again. As before, Colonel Le Noir exerted himself to please the ladies, and treated the young man with marked neglect. This conduct offended Miss Day to such a decree that she, being a girl of truth in thought, word' and deed, could only exhibit towards the guest the most freezing politeness that was con- sistent with her position as hostess, and she longed for the time to come that should deliver their peaceful home and loving little circle from the un- welcome presence of this arrogant intruder. "How can he imagine that I can be pleased with his deference and courtesy and elaborate compli- ments, wl.en he permitshimself to be so rude to Traverse? I hope Traverse will tell him of our engagement, which will., perhaps, suggest to him the propriety of reforming his manners, while he remains under a roof of which Traverse is the des- tined master I" said Clara to herself, as she arose from the table, and with a cold bow, turned to retire from the room. "Anti will not my fair ward give me a few hours of her company this evening ?" inquired Colonel Le Noir, in an insinuating voice, as he took and pre,sed the hand of the doctor's orphan daughter. "Excuse me, sir; but except at meal times, I have not left my room sin e "—here her voice broke down—she could not speak to him of her bereave- ment, or give way in his presence, to her holy sorrow. "Besides, sir," she added, "Doctor Roche, I know, has expressed to you his desire for an early interview." "My fair young friend, Doctor Rocke, as you style the young man, will please be so condescend- ing as to tarry the leisure of his most humble servant," replied the colonel, with an ironical bow in the direction of Traverse. "Perhaps, sir, when you know that Doctor Roche is charged with the last uttered will of my dear father, and that it is of more importance than you are prepared to anticipate, you may be willing to favour Us all by granting this young man' an early audience," said Clara. "The last uttered will! I had supposed that the will of my late brother in-law was regularly drawn up and executed and in the hands of his confidential attorney at Staunton." "Yes, sir, so it is; but I refer to my father's last dying wishes, his verbal directions entrusted to his confidential friend, Doctor Roche," said Clara. "Last verbal directions entrusted to Doctor .Rocke. Humph humph ! this would require cor- roborative evidence," said the colonel. 'Such corroborative evidence can be had, sir."

said Clara, coldly "and as I know that Doctiig Rocke has already requested an interview for the sake of an explanation of these subjects, I nitv4 also join my own request to his, and assure yeti that by giving him an early opportunity of coming to an understanding with you, you will greatli oblige me." "Then, undoubtedly, my sweet young friend, your wishes shall be commands—Eh! you—sir Doctor—What's-your name! meet me in the librarY at ten o'clock to-morrow morning," said Le Noir, insolently. "I have engagements, sir, that will occupy lee between the hours of ten and three—before or after that period I am at your disposal," said Traverse, coldly. " Pardieu ! It seems to me that /am placed at yours !" replied the colonel, lifting his eyebrows ; "but as I am so placed by the orders of my fair. little tyrant here, so be it !—at nine to-morrow am your most obedient servant !" "At nine then, sir, I shall attend yon," Baia Traverse with a cold bow. Clara slightly courtesied and withdrew from the room, attended by Mrs. Rocke. Traverse, as the only representative of host, re- mained for a short time with his uncourteous guest, who, totally regardless of his presence, threw hire' self into an arm chair, lighted a cigar, took up a book, and smoked and read.

Whereupon Traverse, seing this, withdrew to the library to employ '' .self with finishing the arranging and tying n (13)-f certain papers, left to his charge by Doctorlja ,y. (To oe continued.)

HII MANCI C

8 & 10,

A.VE NO -IEI numerous

NOTWITII. IN PRICE THE M.O.] LARGE CO

This advan

A SAI

May be e CLOTI

THE

CONTAIN FO:

FOR OF TH rOlt THE PE (=Eli

ALL CLOT CirARNIENI

AND GOO

)"" L\V I

=

I--i ...I C 7:,

i-. 4 CD ,_ 1

===== 0002601_18960404_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT LOSS OF LIFE.

Hardly a day goes by without one seeing in broad letters, on the bulletins, " Great loss of life," " Appal? ing disaster." What with fire-traps in London ; reckless' ness or carelessness at sea, cyclones in America, land' slides in Japan, and volcanoes in Italy,no city, no courr try, no continent seems exempt. There is, however, 10 most instances, a summary judical inquiry, and ever/ effort is made to minimise the cnances for a repitititiod as well as alleviate the suffering victims. There Is one source of danger which claims hundredo of victims in all lands, and which, if taken by statistical' causes more deaths than any one of the above disastera, and with regard to which, strange to say, there la general apathy. That is, the danger resulting frord ignoring the seriousness of a cold settling in the kidneya• An aching back ; fickle appetite ; nervousness, sleep- lessness, langour ; a slight puffiness of the eyelids :a stitch under the shoulder-blades, and occasional brick. dust deposit in the urine are the forerunners of kidnel disease, which, if not arrested, will prove fatal. • Mr. A. Underwood, Wells Street, Camberwell, S.E., says any in January, 1895, I took a slight cold. which, however, seemed confined to the head, not suffi' cient to cause an anxiety on the part of a young man in the prime of life, as I am. Two or three days after wards I noticed a little swelling in one of my feet. Nelt week the other foot commenced to swell. I noticed my' back seemed weak, and I was suffering from a dull, heavy pain in the small of the back; the water wag darker than usually passed. Suddenly my eyelids and face showed signs of swelling, and my throat became swollen. I had no idea what the trouble was, but wal so frightened I determined to get the best advice poa• sible, and immediately went under treatment at one of the leading London hospitals. The doctors prescribed medicines to reduce the dropsical swelling, but failing 10 their effort they resorted to hot vapour baths in addi• tion to the medical treatment. The physicians in charge said I had Bright's Disease of the Kidneys, and after 17: ing in the hospital twenty-one weeks. I was discharged incurable. Fortunately, I heard of, and determined te try, Warner's Safe Cure. I took it faithfully for a month before I noticed any improvement. Then there seemed a lessening of the dropsical swelling; the water passed more freely and naturally; then the dropsical swelling commenced to rapidly decrease, and my con' valescence from this time was uninterrupted. The health which I now enjoy, after such a tedious and seri' ous illness, is quite sufficient to make me very grateful. and for that and no other reason I give this letter pub. licity. If any doubt my wonderful rescue, the facts can be verified by calling or writing,"

E PLAGUE OF 'APB

A "Little Congh." THE RUIN OF HEALTH: A " Little Cough. THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH: A " Little Cough. Which maybe CURED now by the IMMEDIATE USE 0

~ -HALL'S • FOR INF-LtENZA LUNG RESTORER Registered AND ALL CHEST .re LUNG AND THROAT RESTORER COMPLAINTS. _Do Never Fails. It POSSESSES THE POWOrt LUNG to SOOIHE, RELIEVE an,' REAL, which exists in tic' RESTORER other preparation. LLTN G Fon COUGHS OR COLO' IZESTNOeRv R Eer Fails. It NEVER FAILS to GIVS LUNINSTANT RELIEF. G itESTORER THE FIRST DOSE Is A SOOTHING Par LUNG LUDE TO THE CUBS. j) ESTORER INDUCES SLEEP LI) Calm and Refreshing. Lu" DOES NOT CONTAIN RESTORER LA.UDANUM, OPIUM. c't Never Falls MORPHIA. LUN G Fon WHOUPING ~ I) ESTORER COOP' it LUN G IT ACTS LIKE A CHAR* p ESTORER Children like it. 1 L Never Fails oNE .A.e.Jl QI . BOTTLIP 2D HA LL'S I," 6 RESTORER AO9 PROVES ITS VALIIII. Registered ESTABLISHED 40 YEA GIVES I I NEVER s STANT NEVER RELIEF FAILS FAILS.

EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF WITNESS BEARIIII,-.- Mrs. M. A. Smith, Orphan Home for Girls, Croydon. To Mr. THOMAS HALL.—" DEA.II SIR.—I am pleased. testify to the great benefit derived from the use of your LIM RESTORER, which I have given to several children At my Home—in two cases part:lularly its effects were ruer/' ions having cured most obstinate Coughs. I shall be P 3,53 to recommend it I o all my friends. CAUTION. - When you ask, ask for a Bottle of HAJ.L„i LUNG RESTORER, dont be persuaded to accept anatTe else. Upon the outside wrapper of every genuine 130..'1.6 appears my Trade Mark (the figure of flops) and SignAv' Beware ot fraudalent imitation. .nd innovations, Sold by Chinni .ts and Stores everywhere. in 80% is. 10. and 23. 91. Should there be any ditlicult4r, 0 obtaining, it will be seat carnage paid, on receipt of r'lls or the aurnm L. fro,n Th‘OS. HALL, 24, Queen Victor raet, LJadon

===== 0002601_18960404_art0017.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
CANNOT

g. F., 0

===== 0002601_18960404_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
°IsTLY TH

THE A

8 & I

ROCHE':

riooPil

11Oopc -

1100PI]

iloopE

BRONCI

CROUP

THE HA ing Room( bluing Roo Breakfast I Wide; 1 pai Wide (ALL T Mandkerehi The lot, Cal 'VALUE HAS It not appi Fri BLINDS. e Of Material „__ ! GORR

EA.DirEi-

JADE'S EADE'S EADE'S EADVS their actio INST WO

PAII And h, GOUT itREU GOUT HR U GOUT E U GOUT R HE u GOUT ItHE U GOUT IIE Crt (DDT It 13

EA] Ate sold or Een GEO] and b, AIAT]

,____

likerri

===== 0002601_18960404_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
now that Doetac nterview for the mbjects, I mat and assure yoll ;unity of coming .ou will greatlf

:t young friend, —Eh! you—sir Tie in the librali " said Le Noir,

will occupy rile —before or after '' said Travereet

; I am placed at his eyebrows.; ders of my far mile to-morrow

tend you," said

hdrew from the

hive of host, re- 3ourteous guest/ flee, threw him• gar, took up a

is, withdrew to finishing the papers, left to

e seeing in broad )f life," " Jondon ; reckleSP America, land' no city, no coup' re is, however, 10 luiry, and ever,' I for a repitititioo Is.

claims hundrea ken by statistic* 3 above disaster* say, there is & r resulting froni ig in the kidneyg• r vet) guess, sleep - A the eyelids ; a occasional brick. •unners of kidnel ve fatal.

imberwell, S.E.• k a slight cold, head, not suffi• )f a young man hree days after )f my feet. Nest I. I noticed nil g from a dull. ; the water wail my eyelids and throat became to was, but wag )est advice poB. itment at one a eters prescribed ng, but failing in r baths in addl.. rsicians in charge ys, and after was discharged d determined W faithfully for a )nt. Then there ling; the water !n the dropsical ?, and my con, iterrupted. Tke :edious and seri- e very grateful. this letter pub' ;ue, the facts can

Killowen, Lord the beginning United States, ference of jur- ttering place ap

" STARCH GLOgg nish to starched h. Mr.—, 00111: inen without yow )rd :—Dear ed many so-callea lual to yours." , 3d., and 6d., If , procure it.

)"" LZ I

I--i ~i. =

i.-1 C.C) ......,_ 1

r. 5. Co SPI i'grn '8" H

CZ CA., M

t.O C.cD

h i . - = -c

(MURRis's TOLU AND lIONEy The only Cure for Colds, Coughs, Bronchitis, &e. Aerts , . MORRIS'S TIC-CURE PILLS The enly Cure for r URALGIA. TIC AND TOOTHACHE. MORRIS, CHEMIST. T. MANCHESTER, and all Dealers,

===== 0002601_18960404_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
TIDIA.

1 and to suf- how they can New Method are. Particu- -11, Burwood

;INETTES.

GE STREET,

SITREET.

GE STREST•

of about 50 Flr. price to clear. SIC AINS.

LIFE

Ac Cough.

le Cough. DIATH lISH 0 "FLUENZA L CHEST ft, AND THROAJ. 3LAINTS.

ES THE POWSII a , RELIEVE a-ri _ tich exists in ow tarati on. ;HS

OR COOS' IAIL3 to GIVO RELIEF.

P DOSE

0- T-11-ING-- PAW' THE CUBS.

SLEEP

Refreshing. T CONTAO4 JM, OPIUM. or

09ING COLTag,

:KE A CHAO' rt like it.

321 D . BOTTLIP

ITS VALUS. LED 40 YEAP NEVER FAILS.

SS MARIO:" Is, Croydon. am pleased.,o 3e of your Lavt, eral children ts were marl shall be po°'

'GO tie of HA-i.O accept anuit',ltie genuine 13°!7re and SignAt'' ons, ere, in 1300110 diffieult9,o aceip: of P.' us Queen Viet'''.

Alibi,

c, ‘ : ..0 c n

cAn c.)-1 ,_ 1

CA .....1 1

t F, 4

CZ CZ ---"----. r 0 =

CZ ....4 C 4 ......,,. I

14."1" m... 1 ... -,...... I

CA CA C" (Z.

= ' , 1

===== 0002601_18960404_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
5 - X i!r7. r. 3„,

===== 0002601_18960404_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
° r7.l' t• 3

ck., c:;'

===== 0002601_18960404_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-;="- =

===== 0002601_18960404_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
ONLY A LITTLE AT A TIME.

There are sound objections to one's knowing too much abcut his own body. I am going to tell you what they are ;.not tc-day, but soon. To make sure of them

you will have to watch these articles sharply in the

newspapers. Yet we should know a little ; and a frac- tion of that little I will serve up n ,w. 'lease favour me with your attention. Right across the middle of the body is a large, thin flat muscle, stretched like a canvass awning—the diaph- ragm. By it you are divided into two large storeys or compartments.

The upper one contains the heart and ungs, the lower one contains (chiefly) the stomach, the intestines, and the liver. The most painful (internal) diseases occur downstairs, the least painful upstairs.

The entire right side of the lower compartment, from the top down to the short ribs, is filled by the liver,

which is suspended to a mere point of the diaphragm and shakes about with every movement you make. Now, from the location of the liver we have a word used for ages to express one of the most unhappy condi- tions a human being can fall into—the word hypochon- dria (often abbreviated " hpo "), the word meaning under the cartilages.

"For seven years," writes a correspondent, "I suffered from complaint of the liver. I was very bili- ous, my skin was sallow and dry, and the whites of my eyes yellow. I had much pain and weight at my right side, and was constantly depressed and melancholy. It seemed to be out of my power to take a hopeful or cheer- ful view of anything. The effect of this complaint on thelmind was one of the aspects of it,the hardest to bear. " I had lost my natural appetite, and ate to support life ; but there was no more any genuine relish for food or drink. The bad taste in my mouth made all that I took taste bad. Sometimes I would be taken sick and throw up all I had eaten ; and after a meal, no matter how slender and simple, I was troubled with fulness and pain at the chest. I used many kinds of medicines and while some of them may have relieved me for the mom- ent,none conferred any lasting benefit,and I was soon as bad as ever.

' In March, 1892, I read in a small book of what Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup had done in eases similar to mine, and was especially interested in the account given in the book of the nature and duties of the liver, and its disorders. I gc.,t a bottle of the Syrup from B, ots' Drug Stores, and after taking it a few days felt quite like a new man. It seemed to correct my stomach and

liver and clear my system of all bile ; and it left me in capital haalth. Since that time I have kept Mother Seigel's Syrup in the house as a family medicine and have commended it to all my friends as the best known cure for ailments like the one from which I suffered SO miserably and so long. You can use this statement as you like. (Signed) John Gent, 59, Coventry-road, Bul- well, Nottingham, March 21st, 1895." "In the spring of 1891," writes another, " I found myself in bad health. I had no appetite, and the little I did eat did me no good. gave me no strength. I had great pain and weight at the chest and right side, and my skin turned sallow and dry. My kidneys also acted badly, and from time to time I had attacks of gravel ; and cold, clammy, weakening sweats broke out all over me. Being only seventeen years old when the trouble began I was greatly alarmed and anxious. No doctor was able to help nre, and I continued thus for over three years. In June, 1894, I began to use Mother Seigel's Syrup and soon felt•better, , lighter, and more cheerful. And by taking it a few weeks longer I recovered my health and strength. Since then, when I have any stomach, liver, or kidney symptoms I resort to Mother Seigel's Syrup and it never fails to set me right. You can publish this letter. (Signed) C. Hanson, 6, New Inn Lane, Gloucester, May 31st, 1895." The stomach, the liver, and the kidneys are all con- nected parts of the food and digestive system. When disordered (usually through torpidity of the stomach) they cripple the body and throw a gloom as of night over the mind. On the earliest signs of anything wrong with them use Mother Seigel's Syrup at once.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON INFIRMARY AND DISPENSARY.

ANNUAL MEETING OF. GOVERNORS.

The annual general meeting of the Governors ot the Warrington Infirmary was held in the Masonic Hall, Bold-st., on Thursday, last week. Mr. J. C. Parr pre- sided. There were also present :—Messrs. John Fair- dough, J. Roberts, J. Taylor, G. Thompso a, Pickmere, V. Davies, J. White, G. Dakin, H. Thornton, and F. Monks: Drs. J. Gornall, Richmond, C. White, Fox, Joseph, T. S. Smith, Langdale ; and the Revs. Canon Willis, H. V. Pigot, W. H. Drummond, J. Davies, and B. Percival; Mr. J. L. Tunstall (secretary), and C. Leigh (assistant secretary). ALTERATION OP RULES. A large number of the rules were amended. On reading rule 92, and the proposed amendment, several gentlemen objected to the amendment. The rule and amendment read as follows. Rule 92 :—" No per- son shall be admitted as an out-patient who is in receipt of parochial relief, or whose weekly income for the time being exceeds the following scale .—One person in the family Iss. per week, two persons in the family 18s. per week, three persons in the family 21s. per week, and so on; 3s. for each additional member of the family. Amendment. —No person shall be admitted as an nut- 'patient who is in receipt of parochial relief, or whose weekly income exceeds the following scale: —Single man or woman 175., married couple 205.,f0r each child ls.6d. Any case of accident will be attended to in the first in. stance without recommendation, but, when attending the second time, the patient is required to bring a form of recommendation fully and properly filled up, the House Visitors and Finance Committee to have power to deal with special and exceptional cases." Mr. Mosss said he did not know how it came about that the scale was raised for single and married people and reduced for children. Everybody who had had the care of a family knew that they could not keep a child for is. 6d. per week. He did not see any reason for alter- ing the scale as regarded children. It would be a hard- ship upon those who had children because they reduced the scale. With the old rule, a man who earned 245. per week, and had two children, was admitted to the benefits of the institution, but by the new rule only a man who had 235. a week could enjoy it. Practically they fined:a man who was most deserving of their con- sideration. He would move that it should read ;—" for each child 3s. '• instead of " for each child is. 6d. Mr. JOHN ROBERTS said he had great pleasure in seconding the proposition. Dr. Fox said the rules were requested to be altered and a committee was formed consisting of twc members of the medical profession, two members of the working- men's committee and three of the Board of Manage- ment, and after many discussions, the rule was agreed to as amended. If Mr. Monks's amendment was car- ried, commencing with 17s. a week it would bring it up to 355., for a man with five children, that he took to be the average family in VVarriegton. The rules were submitted to the Board of Management and they approved of them. They were also submitted to and approved by the malical staff and the working- men's executive. Mr. ROBERTS said they were not approved by the Workingmen's Committee. Dr. Fox gave the scale and contributions of the Pres- ton, Wigan,and Manchester Royal Infirmaries. He sub- initted that if Mr. Monks's scale was adopted,they would include half the population of Warrington and the work certainly could not be carried out by the house surgeon. They would have to increase the staff to four if the peo- ple took full advantage of the privilege and instead of arrears in the income ot £4O, they would probably have arrears of £4OO, which meant either insolvency or nefficiency. Lastly he would say that if that scale was adopted, the subscriptions would be less, because people would say they will heln people who are able to help themselves and who are not objects of charity." He hoped in the interests of the institution that Mr. Monks's amendment would not be carried. _ _

Mr. THOMPSON said that at the first meeting of the comreittee for revising the rules, there was no dissent whatever, but there was at a fuither meeting. When he proposed the alteration of the rule it was with a sincere attempt to benefit the workingmen of Warring- ton. Mr. Roberts was on the committee and then was the proper time to have Epoken against the alteration of the rules. He (Mr. Thompson) never heard him speak at he meetings. He would prefer going back to the old rule.

A MINUTE WITH YOU PLEASE Sufferers from Gr..vel, Lumbago, Piles, Pains in the Back proPsY, Wind and Water Complaint, Diseases of Kidneys Bladder Stone, Sciatica., Rheumatism and Gout will find a positive Cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box and if not satisfied your money will he returned. Prices is. Wall Chemists, or post free for 12 stamps. from HOLDROYD'S Medical Hall Checkheaten, Yorks. Sold at 35, Bridge-W, Warrington. Don't be put off, If you cannot get them write to the Proprklor and a box will be scut next post.-- Advt

===== 0002601_18960404_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, APRIL 4, 186

Mr. reyLon said that on behalf of the workingmen's comniittre, they were of e,pinion that the old rule had better reain. After furtuer discussion Mr. TnomPsoN moved and Dr. nicumorin sec)nded, that the old rule be continued, with the adoption of the foot note.

The motion was carried. The other amendments and the rules were carried. HOUSE SURGEON'S REPORT. Dr. LAN DALE read the senior house surgeon's report. —Mr. PARR s,id the report showed that the benefits of the institution had been widely taken advantage of. Be moved that the report be adopted and the senior house surgeon thank-a for his comprehensive report. TREASURER'S REPORT.

The TREASURER. (Mr, G. Dakin), read the statement of accounts for the year, which showed that the income for the year 1895 up tu Decemher, was £649 ss. 2d. against £647 4s. Bd. the previous year. The annual subscriptions were £329 93., against £321 6.1. Donations £232 us. 61 against £53 as. They got 100 guineas from the Amateur Dramatic Society and an anonymous donation of £6O. The Church collections were £212 7s. 2c; , being an increase of £l9 us. 4d. over last year. The Workingmen's Committee had subscribed £522 is. 3d., against £442 18s. id. Patients pence, £ll2 Os. 3d.. against £74 193. 9d. Proceeds of annual ball, £95 ss. 3d., against £35 18s, 2d. Contributions by in-paying patients £1 195., against £9 7s. ld.The working income was -.22,207 18s. 5d an increase of £396 6s. Bd. On the other side the salaries werel£692 103., against £650 18s. 10d. Tbe debit bal- ance last year was £470 7s. 3d.. but this year it was increased by £4o2s. Bd. Owing to the illness of the senior house surgeon there was a little extra expendi- ture. Mr. PARR said he thought the statement they had lis- tened to was encouraging. The income was on the in- crease but the expenditure still showed a tendency to go up. The debt had only been increased by £4O in the year's workings, but it would be much more satisfac- tory if ins!..ead of the deficit they had that £4O on tha other side. They had the fact before them that they had incurred a debt of over £5OO, and he was afraid their present expenditure would increase. The Treasurer's accmunt was passed. ELECTION OF OFFICEFS. _ _ _

Mr. JouN WHITE moved that Mr. Dahill be re- appointed treasurer and that the thanks of the meeting be given to him.—Major Picktrere seconded and the motion was carried.—The Chairman said that one of the auditors had retired and Mr. Vere Davies had been ap- pointed in his place.—On the motion of Mr. Parr, Mr. J. L. Tunstall was re-elected secretary.

ELECTION OF HONORARY MEDICAL OFFICERS.

The following were re-elected as honorary medical officers :—Drs. White, Smith, Gornall. Fox, Joseph and Richmoni.—Mr. Parr suggested that the name of Dr. Bowden be added to the list.—Dr. Gornall said he had been connected with the institution for 30 years, and there had generally been candidates for any position that was vacant. He thought the position ought to be de- clared vacant,and all who were in practice at Warring- ton ought to have the opportunity of being candidates for any position not connected with the institu- tion. He did not object to Dr. Bowden, but he thought it was an unusual thing that an appointment should be filled in such a manner.— Mr. Parr said he did not feel inclined to alter it. When the suggestion was first made Dr. Gornall should have objected, that would have been the proper time.—Dr. Gornall said he neverheard the suggestion.—Mr. Thomp- son said it was hardly fair to gentlemen practi ing for a number of years, that Dr. Bowden should be put on in that way.—Mr. Parr said he was reminded that it was informal, but if the meeting was desirous,he was willing that the proposal be put over to the next meeting.—Dr. Richmond said he and Dr. Joseph were added to the list in the same way.— Mr. Monks said he thought they had had friction enough during the last twelve months and ho hoped nothing would be said to increase it.—Mr. Dakin proposed that Dr. Bowden be elected an honorary medical officer.—Mr. Taylor seconded.—Mr. Monks moved that no addition be made to the list of honorary medical officers without notice.—Mr. Thompson seconded.—The amendmmt was put first and carried. VOTES OF THANKS.

Votes of thanks were passed to the Board of Manage- ment, Workingmen's Committee, Messrs. E. M. Cros- field, Joseph Taylor, and A. J. Jolley, the Press, and the Dramatic Society.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
TAKING COLD.

This is the time of year for colds. Notwithstanding the fact that everybody knows the serious effects which may result from taking cold, I venture to say there are millions of careless people in Great Britain who are more or less in danger. Colds are the beginning, or at least the outside signs of bronchitis, consumption, influenza; in fact complications at this time may result in anything, even to death. If you take cold easily, you are weak. If you are suffering from the effects of taking cold, you are in still greater danger. A specific which merely relieves the local affection of a cold is not enough for this climate. The system must be so fortified that it can resist the climate. Colds then will not be so serious.

The case of a little girl who nearly died of complica- tions following a severe cold, is told in a letter which reads as follows : " I take great pleasure in adding my testimonial to the hundreds of others who speak so highly of Scott's Emulsion as a remedial agent. We had occasion to give the Emulsion to our little girl, age five years, who had been ill six months with a complication of ailments, which started with a severe cold. Her cough became chronic, and developed into ghooplng cough. She then had measles and finally bronchitis set in, BO that you may imagine how emaciated and weak she was when we began giving her Scott's Emulsion. After she had the first bottle she began to improve rapidly, and after , five bottles were taken she had completely recovered. She gained flesh and strength, and the local irritation of the throat was not only relieved, but speedily cured. She is now in good health, and, in fact, is quite robust. We lvere very much in doubt at one time about raising the c'hild, especially when she had bronchit urs very truly, (signed), FREDERICK GEORGE RYDER, 55, John-street, Ordnance Place, Chatham, December 18th, 1895. . .

, Scott's Emulsion is a remedy which combines nourish- ment with healing and curative properties. It increases vitality, makes flesh, vitalizes the blood, allays irrita- tion of throat or lungs, and gives nourishment to the whole system. If taken for colds and chronic coughing it prevents complications, such as bronchitis or pneu- monia, by giving the system strength to recover from its weakened state, and soon restores health. Scott's Emulsion is daily effecting wonderful cures of affections of the breathing organs. Hundreds of letters testify to this. The only genuine Scott's Emulsion has a trade- mark of fisherman with a big fish on his) back, on the wrapper.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
GROSS CRUELTY TO A DAUGHTER AT

WARRINGTON.

A FATHER COMMIrTED FOR THREE MONTHS' HARD LABOUR.

Frederick Roberts, lodging at 44, Aiken-st., was sum- moned at the Warrington Borough Court, on Friday, be- fore Dr. Gornall (chairman), Councillor Roberts,and Mr. S. Wright, on the charge of neglecting three children on March 10th, and divers other dates within the last six months.—lnspector McAteer' N.S.P.C.C., said that the defendant was charged with neglecting three children, Hannah, aged 15 years ; Frederick,six years; and John, three years. In consequence of a complaint made to him, on March 10th, he went to the house of defendant and there found the two youngest children in the most deplorable state of filth and almest naked. There was scarcely anything in the house which was also in a dirty condition. The girl, 15 years of age, whom he was charged with neglecting was almost an imbecile and had lost all power in her right arm, and right side. This girl would tell them that on the night of the 6th inst., she was turned out of the house at 10.30 when it was very wet and she was taken in by a neighbour named Mrs. Benison, of 39, Aiken-street, who informed P.C. Stuart. When examined, it was found that she was dressed in one garment and a chemise which had not been washed for a long time. He himself had never seen a girl so filthy. Vermin was all over her body and the smell was intolerable. Her body was eaten in with the vermin and her clothes were so bad that Mrs. Harrison had to throw them into the back yard. The girl had remained up to the present time at Mrs. Harrison's house, and although the defendant knew that she was there, he never went to see her at all. He (the inspector) had repeatedly warned defendant, and he had also ben brought before the magistrates on the same charge.—The defendant was then asked if he had any questions to ask the inspector, and he began in a violent manner to deny the charge, and lifted up one of his children who was in court and banged it upon the solicitor's table asking the magistrates if they could see any cruelty done to them. The police at once prevented him from continuing in this manner, and P.C. Stuart gave evidence to the scandalous condition in which the girl Hannah was when taken in by Mrs. Harrison. He said that the other children were also in a similar con- dition.

Mrs. Harrison, 39, Aiken-st., said that on the 6th of the present month, at about 10.30 p.m., she saw the girl Hannah in the street, although it was pouring with rain. She took her into her house and upon examining her she found her in the condition that the Inspector had des- cribed. The clothes which were thrown into the yard, were" almost walking," and her husband was not well yet from the smell of them.—Similar evidence was given by Mrs. Dawson, Mrs. Waterfield,and P.C. Evans.—The defendant denied using any cruelty to his children.—Dr. Gornall in giving the decision of the Bench, said that personally he hardly dared to say what he thought of the case. He had known the defendant for several years and he had asked his brother magistrates whether he ought to be allowed to sit on the Bench during the hear- ing of the case, as he knew defendant was guilty as soon as he entered the box. Three years ago, the de- fendant was in the same state of filth as now,and he had been so ever since, and he was the cause of an outbreak of fever in Aiken-st. That fever was communicated to others than his own family,and he (Dr. Gornall)thought he ought to have been punished for that. The defendant had been the cause of a nurse in the hospital taking the fever, and they nearly lost her. He would say no more, but would give the judgment of the court which de- fendant richly deserved, and that was that he would be sent for three months' imprisonment with the hardest labour it was possible to give.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
USE OF BLOODHOUNDS BY THE • POLICE.

The " Field " publishes the following account of a case in which a bloodhound was used by a country con- stable to track poachers, stating that the truth of the officer's narrative is vouched for by the police superin- tendent and the breeder of the dog :—" Some time this year a constable was out in the early morning, when about 0.30 a.m. he came across a couple of notorious poachers who were walking along a footpath through some fields. They, seeing the constable, called out in alarm as a signal to their companions, who were no doubt coming behind. Owing to the darkness the latter escaped ; but the constable took some rabbits and nets from the men he had met, for being in the possession of which under such circumstances they were punished Later. At daybreak the constable, accompanied by a young bloodhound bitch, returned to the place, and was able to distinguish the footsteps of a number of men who had come out of a turnip field. They had separated, some going in one direction, others in another. The hotted was put upon the tracks, and with her nose to the ground she hunted them across two fields,going straight up to sundry bags of game which had been hidden in a hedgerow. So far, so good ; but the constable was not yet satisfied, and he took his hound back to where she had originally been laid on the line. This time she went off ha another direction, and soon left the policeman far behind. He following up, however, ultimately found her standing at another hedgerow, where more bags of game were found concealed. They were secretly watched all day, but the poachers must have smelled a rat, for none of themselves or their families came near. At night the constable and the lessee of the shooting concealed themselves near the place where the first lot of game was discovered. Now they had not long to wait, for in about half-an-hour there came a sound of approaching footsteps, and two men appeared, who immediately appropriated the bags and their contents,which included the nets and the usual poacher's paraphernalia. They were at once recognised, and, the spoil taken from them, were allowed to go. Summonses followed in due course, and when the case was heard a plea was sent up that they had not taken the game themselves, but had been sent for it by their mates. Fives of 40s. and costs were imposed, or, failing the payment, a month's imprisonment." On the general que3t inn of the use of bloodhounds by the police, the " Field" says :—" Bloodhounds or hounds of any other kind would be simply of no avail as detectives in thoroughfares and other places where passers by are fre- quent ; but in country districts it is a different matter altogether. No doubt, too,a bloodhound trained for the purpose might be of considerable use to the tur 11 con- stabulary in the detection of poachers and criminals, who otherwise might escape justice. Still the employ- ment of dogs for such a purpo,o will probably meet with strong opposition until it is satisfactorily understood that whet, the hound has brought his human quarry 'to hay,' bi- will not worry and eat km. As a fact, the blood- hound is not such a cruel and savage beast as his name implies ; and when he has found the man whose foot- steps he has carefully scented out, be is content to bay or lark at him until assistai.ce comes. The modern .11.)und never attempts to make a meal of his game.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTION OF PRESIDENT.

Mr. MONKS proposed that the president (Mr. Parr), be re-elected.—Mr. Thompson seconded and the motion was carried.—The Mayor (Councillor James Fairclough), Mr. Lyon, Rev. E.C. E. Carleton, Mr. Buckton, and Major Pickmere were elected vice-presidents.—On the motion of Mr. Thompson, seconded by Dr. Fox, Mr. Monks was added to the vice-presidents.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
BOARD OF MANAGEMENT.

Mr. MONKS proposed and Mr.Tnompsom seconderl,that the Rev.W.H. Drummond take the place of Mr. Kirtlan on the Beard. Mr. E. J. Guest was also appointed on the Board.

Mr. George Walker was placed on the Workingmen's Committee and Mr. Thompson was re-elected. The life governors were re-elected. A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the bus i nes&

===== 0002601_18960404_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL.

LAST WEEK'S TRAFFIC.

Last week's seagoing traffic upon the Ship Canal was below the average; it showed a falling off of 39 ships and 18,489 tons as compared with the preceding seven days. The arrivals included fourteen vessels with general cargoes thirteen with stone and slate, twelve with pig iron, three with wood pulp, two with china clay, and one each with cotton timber, logwood and green fruit. Twenty vessels sailed with general car:oes, two with pitch, two with salt, and two with coal. The following is an approximate statement of the traffic for the week ended March 27 ;—lnwards: Coastwise, ships 43. net tonnage 6,783 ; foreign, ships 12, net tonnage 6,947 ; total, ships 55, net tonnage 13,730. Outwards: Coastwise, ships 46, net tonnage 8,498 ; foreign, ships 16, net tonnage 8,922 ; total,ships 62, net tonnage 17,420 Total inwards and. outwards : Ships 117, net tonnage 31,150.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES-WARRINGTON.

WYCLIFFE P.S.A. SOCIETY.

The large audience pt the meeting of this society on Sunday, despite the fine weather and other attractions, testified to the hold the society has gained on a great number of men in the town. The Chairman was the Rev. J. Westerby, of Manchester. Mr. A. King, also of Man- chester, was the speaker for the occasion, and he based his remarks on the text in Ecclesias'es 10 c. Bv.,"WhoBo breaketh an hedge,a serpent shall bite him." Wise men, he said, made hedges,but fools broke through them,and he suggested various safeguards which his hearers might adopt to secure themselves and families against temptations. Mr. W. H. Payton skilfully performed an organ solo. Messrs .Thomas Wallingtonl(secretary),John Atkinson, and Haley also assisted in the. service.

HOOD'S PILLS cure all liver ills; easy to buy, easy to take, easy in effect. is. 10.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
"THE FUTURE OF LABOUR."

LECTURE BY MR. J. WILSON, M.P.

There was a eur attendance of both local and War- rington peeple at the Wesleyen Church.Lymm, on Mon- day evening, when Mr. J Wilson,M.P.,for Mid-Durham, delivered an address on " fhe Future of Labour." Mr. John Rylands, J P., occupied the char, and was well received. Be was supported by Councillor H. Roberts, J.P. (Warrington), Mr. Thomas Morris, F.G.S. (Warr- ington), and Mr. J. Dodds. The Chairman in referring to politics, said he did not know whethPr they read the debates in the House of Core- Lords or not. Tf they did,and if that did not cure them of any idea of Toryism he did not know what would. He thought it had rather cured him. The thing was to get hold of the right principles and stick to t em under all circumstances. They should not be tempted to get rid of them. He did not think the Lymm people would. They had tried to return Liberals in the district which was generally anything but Liberal, and he was sorry to say that they failed. He had done a little to help them but he regretted th •t his anxious wish to achieve some- thing had failed. They had had a few good candidates but they had been unable to return them. They had no candidate at present before them and he was afraid it would be some time before they could get one. It was not an encouragement for an ordinary man to come there as a candidate when some extraordinary man had failed. Alluding to the proposals to do away with the death duties Mr. Rylands hoped the Government would find that it was impossible to abolish those duties. Mr. Wilson said that for the last 30 years he had been in either a secondary or primary positien in Trades' Union organisations, and for many years becore in both England and America he had tried to take his part. He believed there were great mistakes made in Many direc- tions as to what was included in labour. If they took the working class of this country and saw the various organisations and movements that were exis'ing they would find a very clear cleavage and dividing line separating them into two distinct schools. Some men claimed that there was no labour except what was performed by the hand. He himself was fully aware of the importance of manual labour, but he was as fully aware and as ready to confess that a man could work with his brain as well as he could with his hand. (Hear, hear and applause). The wealth of this country was as much attributa.ble to man's brain as to his hand. (Applause.) Wherever a , man was wasting his energies, that man whether he I was high or low, rich or poor.was in his opinion outside the term and definition and meaning of the word •'labour." (Flear,hear.) The two schools could be defined as optimistic and pessimistic. Those men who were full of hope and recognised the great change that the world had made were of the former, aud the men who said there had been no change, and whose talk was gloomy, sad and sombre to a great extent, were of the latter. He himself was one of the optimists. He re- cognised that we had made a great change, and he was living in hope that in the few years remaining of his life the working class would make greater changes than they had made. (Hear, hear.) Wherever there was the greatest self-reliance amongst the working, people there was the greatest advance to be found. (Hear,hear. and applause.) Another class denounced those who had money. He did not. He recognised that rich men often had feelings of generosity, and it ill became them to generally denounce everybody with more money than themselves. But he would denounce any man whatever who did not act the part of a man, and try to bring about the brotherhood of men and the establishment of concord. (Applause.) To the questions "Have we made any advance ?" "Is there any change ?" he needed no other answer than his own life, and he needed no other experience than his own within the compass of his life in the mines of this country. He could recognise the blissful changes that had come over the occupation in which he worked. He had worked down the mines as a lad for 11. hours a day, week in week out. He had worked underground so that he never saw day- light except on Sunday,and then he was often too sleepy to look at it. (Laughter.) There was now no coal- getter in the mines of Durham who could be down above , 7 hours a day, to-day. Thera had also a change come over the care for human life he was thankful to say. One of the greatest mysteries in human life to him was a Conservative representing, a district where the working- man had the power to put in a Liberal. (Hear, hear.) The ignorance of the workingmen was fast dying out. It used to be as true as that the day was light that, as Lord Beaconsfield said, the Queen reigned over two nations separate and distinct. OF late they saw that bishops had been specially appointed to represent the working-class, but he did not know why that duty had been relegated to the clerical shoulders. He did not think any man in the country need fear the advance of the working-class. (Hear, hear.) They loved justice too well to be unjust to other people. (Applause.) No nation could be born in a day and the wounds and sore places of our industrial life could'not be corrected by any act of parliament whatsoever. They aimed at brother- hood but it was no mere meaningless mouthing but a reality which they believed would be attained. (Applause.) Referring to the increase of the navy, Mr. Wilson con- tended that what this country wanted was to be at peace with all men. (Hear, hear.) We were an indus- trial nation and one of the deadliest enemies of this country was the spirit of war and the uncertainty of war. The war spirit had lately done a lot to damp down the signs of improvement. If we built a fleet to-day it would be out of fashion next year. The vessels were like the ladies' bonnets. (Laughter.) Hewes in favour of short hours of labour but against them being pro- cured by state aid. (Applause.) Another thing that he advocated was better homes for the people. (Hear, hear.) The vile slums in some of our cities'were objects for a national work. The true wealth of a nation was the health of the people, morally, mentally, and physi- cally. (Applause.) In conclusion Mr. Wilson said he believed that there should be a large contingent of labour representatives in the House of Commons but'he was not going to damage the Liberals, and let the Con- servatives have full power. (Hear, hear and applause.) Councillor Roberts moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Wilson for his able and instructive address. He said this was the first occasion he had made a public appear- ance in Lymm for 20 odd years. He had Senile experi- ence in his time of workingmen,as for some years he had had the honour to be one of the representatives of one of the constituencies of Warrington in that important assembly known as the Town Council. He could fully endorse everything Mr. Wilson had said,in regard to the alteration of tone-and of opinion among the more intelli- gent constituents of his ward in Warrington.When he re- membered that the past of labour bad been such a won- derful past he had no doubt as to its future. He had heard his father say that in his early days the working- man's foodPwae taxed,his light was taxed,and his very life wastaxed;his knowledge was taxed ,and the right of pub- lic meetings was a thing unknown and there were men living who remembered that when workingmen met in Manchester for the purpose of discussing in public their grievances they were mercilessly cut down by the soldiers. The young men of to-day, unfortunately for themselves did not realize the sacrifices,which theiefathers had made that they might enjoy the privileges and advantages of to-day. When he remembered too that it was the noble spirit of:patriotism and self-sacrifice which had caused the alteration of the conditions of the working classes of England, and that that spirit remained to day among the descendants of those men,he had no doubt whatever that the future of the workingman would be grander,greater, and brighter that those who had passed away a genera- tion ago ever conceived. The speaker supposed that the spirit of socialism so absurdly propounded by the I.L.P. OM not obtain to the extent that its frothy publications would have them believe. In addition and above all, he believed and thought that the success of the future de- pended and would depend on the protection of the Chris- tian faith in which we believed. The fact was that men were becoming more Christian. (Applause.) Mr. Thomas Morris seconded the proposition, and said that Mr. Wilson to his mind was the type of an honest working-man. As such his sentences had proved him to be. He added that unless a man worked for his liv- ing he ought not to eat. If he would not work and lived, some of them had to support him. The vote was carried unanimously. Mr. Wilson proposed a vote of thanks to the Chair- man, and Mr. Dodds in seconding, commented upon the self-sacrifice entailed upon such an elderly man as Mr. Rylands by his coming out, to preside for them. This resolution was likewise heartily accorded and the meeting concluded.

Dr. Stocks, of Rankeillor-st., Edinbutgh, who was arrested-a fortnight ago on a charge of performing an illegal operation. and who was remitted from the police court on a charge of murder,has been liberated on £2OO bail. The Crown authorities, it is said, have modified the charge to one of culpable homicide. In 1894 Germany supplied this country with thirteen m illion nine hundred and ninety-eight thousand eight hundred and ninety-two hundredweight of sugar,valued at nine million six hundred and sixty-five thousand six hundred and seventy-five pounds. The list of honours for officers engaged in the recent walk to Coomassie and back is published. It is of about the same proportions as a "Gazette " would have been after an important engagement in the Peninsula or the Crimea.

The revenue returns for the financial year were made up and published on Tuesday night. Tho total amount paid into the Exchequer was £109,339,946, being an in crease on the preceding year of no less than £7,642,642.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
A CARD

KNOWN as Rev. Joseph Holmes' Mexican Preecription is the only original guaranteed Remedy for all those who suffer from nervous weakness, exhausted vitality. kidney or bladder diseases, gravel, prostate, spinal weal( • ness, brain fag and kindred complaints. It has stood the test for twenty years. Send a self-addressed stamped envelope to Jos. HOLMES' Remedy Co. Bloomsbury Man sions. Bloomsbury Square, London, and get full particulars of this great specific free of charge. Mention *whether for male or female, Beware of fraudulent imitators.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
Y.M.C.A. CHORAL SOCIETY.

This society which is conducted by the Rev.E. Moore, G.T.S.C., gave a capital reneition of Gaul's cantata " Una " in the Parr Hall, Warrington, on Monday even- ing. The story of Una is adapted from Spencer's "Fairie Queen," and in the hands of Gaul who composed the cantata for the Norwich Musical Festival,so recently as 1893,it has received a musicianly touch which should make it one of the most popular of cantatas. Its per- formance on Monday lasted about two hours, and the remainder of the evening was occupied by Mr. Jude,of Liverpool, who gave a short organ recital and also sang a solo. There was but a very small attendance at what proved a most interesting concert, and it is questionable whether the Y.M.C.A. funds will be at all benefited. The chorus was not a very strong one—not more than fifty voices—and lacked a little assistance in the bass to make it well balanced. Nevertheless, the difficult and exacting music of the composition was rendered in a manner which gained the well-merited approval of the audience. The pieces deserving special mention were the opening chorus" Hearken! 0 Sylvanus, hearken !"; the chorus of peasant labourers, " Let's hasten on" ; arid the concluding chorus—a really fine ne—" Hymen 16 Hymen !" They were given with a power and finish; light and shade were not neglected, and the volume of sound was full and sonorous. The four leading vocalists were Una. Miss Eleanor Birkett (soprano) ; Fidessa—an enchantress, Miss Letty Field (contralto) ; the Redcrosse Knight, Mr. Joseph M. Bate (tenor) ; and the hermit—a magician, and the knight, Prince Arthur, Mr. P. 1. Bate (bass). The two male singers are Warringtonians but Miss Birkett hailed from Stockport, and Miss Field from Birkenhead. In the cantata there are solos for each of the four voices. Miss Birkett created a very favourable impression. Gifted with a beautiful soprano voice she sang with artistic culture, clear enuncia- tion, and admirable expression, and it was evid- ent that the audience would be glad to renew ' her acquaintance on some future occasion. In the song, "0 love will love," she was particularly fine, and in response to continued applause she bowed her acknow- ledgments. Miss Field was not so successful in the recit alloted to her, but she was heard to greater advan- tage in the concerted music. Mr. Joseph Bate used his pare-toned tenor voice with creditable effect, giving a pleasing rendition of his parts. His brother, Mr. P. I. Bate, sang best in the song of Prince Arthur, but we are not quite sure whether he has not been heard to better advantage on previous occasions. Of the concerted music, a very pleasing number was the quartet for the four leading voices "Thou whom I love—l love so well," and the succeeding duet taken part in by Redcrosse and Una was also very good—the blending of voices being all that could be desired. Mention mus'; also 'be made of the performance of the orchestral band, the accompaniments being played in a manner that heightened the effectiveness of the choral work,and added much to the enjoyment of the audience. The overture and the instrumental intermezzo were also well rendered. MilS Toft fulfilled the duties of pianist and due credit must be accorded to the Rev. E. Moore, the conductor, who wielded the baton with his accustomed skill, piloting all through many difficulties. It is to be hoped that his concert will become an annual one, and that in future he may receive greater public support. The name of Mr. Jude is so well-known, and his abilities as organist and musical composer so much appreciated in Warrington, that it is hardly necessary here to dilate upon them. He commenced a short programme with an organ solo of his own composition, descriptive of a storm, which he depicted in such a manner as to render it very realistic. For this masterly performance he was awarded an encore. " The man of sorrows" was a song very appropriate for this time of the year, and Mr. Jude gave such a rendering of it as made apparent its solid intrinsic worth. The concluding item was G-uilmant's "Marche Funebre et Chant Seraphique " which the audience greatly appreciated.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ALLEGED WARRINGTON BIGAMY

CASE.

STRANGE STATEMENTS. "TRUTH STRANGER THAN FICTION."

On Monday morning befer.P the Mayor (chairman), and Alderman Harrison, Harriet Annie Ellis, or_Gaddes, was charged with having wilfully and unlawfully on the 18th November, 1894,married Charles Lewis Geddes, at the Runcorn Parish Church, her farmer husband being then alive.

Mr. A. Browne prosecuted, and Mr. P. Davies do. ended.

Mr. Browne said that his client Geddes was an engine tenter and had been for 23 years in one employment. The warrant for prisoner's arrest was executed by Detec- tive-Sergeant Monaghan at Ellesmere Port. Mr. Browne said he did not think there could be any defence as he had both marriage lines and witnesses of each form of marriage. There could be no other ending to the case except to commit the prisoner to the Assizes for bigamy. His client desired to say publicly that he would adopt prisoner's child whenever it was old enough to leave its mother.

Charles Lewis Geddes, engine tenter, 43 Gladstone-st., Warrington, said he first became acquainted with pris- oner about three years ago and courted her. He eventu- ally put up the banns of marriage and went through the form of marriage with her in Runcorn Parish Church on the 18th November, 1894. Prisoner said she was a widow and he subsequently lived with her in two different houses in Warrington. They were happy and comforta- ble. On the 12th March, 1896,5 he left his house leaving word with his daughter where she was going. She did not return and on Saturday the 15th March he discovered a number of articles were missing and subsequently that a number were pawned. He applied for a warrant against prisoner for larceny. In cross-examination by Mr. Davies: If the first mar- riage turned out invalid he would not take her back, as she left him. He did not know before she went that her husband had returned. He afterwards found that his wife did not go on her own accopnt but was brought from his house. Before his marriage he knew her about 12 months. She told him th t she had been married be- fore but her husband was dead. He was easily deceived. She said her husband died in hospital. She never told him he was a lad of 15. Further she never said she saw her husband die, but that he died in hospital of typhoid fever. She did not say that she thought he was dead. She told him that he was a scoundrel. By Mr. Browne : He would not have married her if she had said she only thought her husband was dead. Edward Price said he was clerk at the Parish Church of Stoak. He was present when the marriage took place on Bth April, 1889, when the prisoner then Harriet Wright, was marriel to Charles Henry Ellis. He saw Charles Henry Ellisin court. He made his mark as a witness in the register. They were married by the vicar, the Rev. C. B. Griffiths. His (witness's) son Enoch was also present. On the certificate Ellis's age was given as 18. He looked boyish. Prisoner also gave her age as 18.

Sergeant Mcnaghan produced the warrant far larceny a2alnst prisoner. Prisoner was apprehended by him at Ellesmere Port on the 23rd March. He brought her to Warrington, and she was in custody in Warrington Police Station on Tuesday last. On that day he charged her with committing bigamy, and she made no reply. He subsequently went to the Parish Church of Stoak. Previous to that he received from Charles Henry Ellis, husband of defendant, the in+ Triage certificate marked "A," which he now produce(l. He then examined the certificate in Stoak Parish Church and found it to corres- pond with the register. He also produced a certificate of marriage marked " B" between Geddes and prisoner, dated 18th November, 1894. He had since been to Run- corn Parish Church and found it correct. When she was apprehended she was in company with her husband in the street.

Mr. P. Davies said that it was very true that truth was stranger than fiction and he thought this was a case in point. Be wished to show their worships that this was a case in which there was no prima facie evidence, and that no jury would convict the prisoner upon it. They had the power to listen to this evidence on her behalf and the witnesses which she might call. There was no case of bigamy whatever`to be charged against her. The law by Stone as to invalid marriage was that in the publication of banns any misdescription must be with the knowledge of both parties. A valid marriage must be proved in a bigamy case. The law would not presume ; it in any case of bigamy—it must be proved that it was la valid marriage. If the banns were published in the wrong name in the knowledge of both parties for the purpose of clandestine marriage, the marriage was void. He relied upon that. They bad to satisfy themselves that the one produced was a true marriage certificate of a true marriage between two persons. He was going to show them that from beginning to end it was false. To carry out his clandestine intention that young soldier (prisoner's first husband) had the entire knowledge of the girl. Fortunately she could not la. charged with bigamy as the marriage with the first husband was in- valid. Mr. Davies went on to say that Ellis was at that time a lad of 15 working on the Ship Canal. He fell in love with the prisoner who was about 17. His father was a farmer living in the district of Ellesmere Port and his name was Ellis. Charles Henry Ellis's name was not Ellis but Lloyd—Charles Henry Lloyd. ne fell in love with, not Harriet Wright, (the name pri- soner was married under) but with Harriet Wilkinson. They got married under false names. They married as Charles Henry Ellis and Harriet Wright. Ellis said he was 18—he was only 15. His putative father, David Ellis, he said was dead and be was alive to-Jay. He wished to keep it from his father. Ellis's name was Lloyd as he was the son of Mrs. Ellis before wedlcek. The prisoner's name was not Wright but Wilkinson, and she was not 18 years of are but only 17. She said her father's name was Thomas Wright whereas it was Thomas Wilkinson. If the banns had been published in only one wrong name the marriage was false. But both were wrong. Mr. Browne :It is evidently a scandalous attempt to get out of having the woman as a wife. It is making her a catspaw. Mr. Davies: You are talking in a very strong manner about a lad will was only 15. Ha never lived ‘-via h her but left the place the day he was married. Mr. Browne (looking at the certificate) : Her mothe'

was actually a witness of the marriage. Mr. Davies, continuing, said Lloyd was thought to be dying of typhoid fever in hospital in 1891. He said to prisoner "You can go and do what you like; our marriage is illhgal as we were married in the wrong names." She thought he was dying, and never saw him from that day until he came from abroad. After his ill- ness Lloyd workQu at Acton Grange, Bootle, Wrexham, and then enlisted at Chester and was sent to York and Aldershot. In 1894 he was sent with his regiment to Rangoon in Burmah and when returning the regiment was stopped at Gibraltar and sent away with the Athanti expedition. tie only ietirned to England in February last. Once he had written to her from Bur- mah but received no reply. Mr. Browne : He din receive a letter in reply. He received a reply in June 1894. Prisoner was then in Warrington as a domestic servant.

Mr. Davies said that Llpsd on his return made en- quiries as he wanted prisoner back again. When he dis- covered where she was he fetched her. She had n: money end she wrongfully p.iwned some of Geddes' goods, in- tending, however, to pay him back again. He thought that they would agree with him that the marriage .was invalid._ _

The magistrates considered there was a prima facie case, and committed prisoner to the Liverpool Assiz3s. Bail was allowed in prisoner's own recaanizances._ _

During the hearing of the case it was remarked that this was the first bigamy case in the borough of Mar- rington for 30 years.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
MUTINOUS SEAMEN ON TEIE SHIP CANAL.

SEVERE SENTENCE AT DARESBURY SESSIONS. On Tuesday morning at D tresbury Petty Sessions,Mr. W. Long in the chair, two seam n named John Murphy and Patrick Dwyer who had ben engaged on the steamer Wooler were charged with disobeying the com- mands of Arthur Samuel Cole, the master, also with as- saulting him,and further with assaulting the second offi- cer named Hitehen,on the Manchester Ship Canal on the 19th inst. Murphy ileaded guilty to assaulting lichen, but Dwyer denied all the charges. Mr. Cobbett.. of Cobbett and Cobbett, solicitors, Manchester. prosecuted. In opening the case Mr. Conbetr, said the proceedings against the prisoners were taken under the Merchant Shipping Act, 1891, section 225, dealing with offences against disc'pline. The offence of wilful disobedience rendered the prisoners liable to imprisonment not ex- ceeding four weeks, and to forfeit out of tneir wages a sum not exceeding two days' pay. For the assault they were liable for imprisonment not exceeding twelve weeks. The men were seamen on board the steamship Wooler, under an engagement to proceed to Teneriffe and other places and back again to Manchester, and then to Newport in M minouthshire. The vessel had made her voyage back to Manchester and was proceed- ing down the canal on her way to Newort. The two prisoners were absent when the ship sailed from Manchester on the 19th of the present month, and were duly marked in the log as being absent. When the steamer reached Mode Wheel locks, the two prisoners were on the quay. Both of them seemed more or less under the influence of drink, and they attempted to get on board. Murphy succeeded, but Dwyer fell into the lock from which he was rescued. When they were both on board, although all the attention of the captain and pilot was nrcessiry to get the ship safely through the lock, Dwyer went up the bridge and demanded to be paid off at once. The captain refused, and told him to go below, but Diyyer lifted up his hand and threatened to strike the captain. Assistance was got, and after a struggle he was put in irons. For a short time things were quiet, but subsequently Murphy freed the prisoner.* Dwyer from his irons and the two attacked Hitchen. The captain, who Wats. on the bridge,hearing the cries for help, came down and found that the two prisoners were doing their best to throw the mate overboard, and they were threatening to put an end to him. After a severe, straggle, they were overpowered and put in irons, and given-in custody at Latchford. All the way to this point, the prisoners behaved in a most violent and disorderly manner. They had to be fastened to the masts to keep them quiet. Affairs of that kind on board ship were of great consequence, because P t the time the disturbance happened, the ship was on the canal_ The pilot and captain had to give every attention to what they were doing and to see that no accident happened. The owners asked that the prisoners should be sent to prison for a term so as to be a warning to them a•;.cl others. Captain Cole of the steamer Wooler, corroborated Mr. Cobbett's statement. Dwyer came to him on the bridge, and stated that he would not go until -be had his life. Both prisoners were under the influence of drink,and he had to place them in irons.—William James Huntingdon, pilot,of Seacornbe, and Henry Edward Elitchens, second officer on the steamer, also gave evidence for the prose, cution. The latter stated that when Murphy had un- loosed Dwyer from the irons,both of them attacked him, and endeavoured to throw hint overboard. His body was overhanging the side cf the vessel, and had the pri- soners succeeded in unloosing his legs from a stanchion he would have fallen overboard.—Patrick Brunt spoke to going to the assistance of Hitchen.—Murphy in his defence,said both Dwyer and himself were subject to as- saults,and comp!ained of brutal treatment at the bands of the officers.—Dwyer said he was under the influence of drink at the time and he did not know exactly what he did,or how he got into that trouble. He had got good discharges from other vessels. The magistrates considered the case fully proved, and the chairman said that even as landsmen they could see the fearful consequences which might attend such con- duct. They would be sent to prison for one month on each count, three months each in all.

TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE,

INVALUABLII FOR

COUGHS, BRONCHITIS & ASTHMA TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE gives instant:relief in Consumption Diarrhcea, &c. Towle's Chlorodyne. c/O, for 24 doses. TAK NO OTHER.

CYCLES for Ladies and Gentle n.en 30 per cent saved. Easy terms, 1E93 Liss of new and /I Second hand Cycles, post free.

THR BRITISH CYCI El; MkNUFACTURIii4 Co.

45. Evert 41 Road, 1-ix

N D . • ~- ' , ilvt?E'S . ,

‘l. U-7 1 • - _

===== 0002601_18960404_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
e Eh

GIVE EASE AND COMFORT DURING TEETHING. Pleasant, Cooling Aperient for Children of all Ages. Try them and prove their value tor yourselves. Bold everywhere in packets, Is. lid. and 2s. 93., or post free 14 or 34 stamps, from sole Proprietors PRITCHARDS LTD. CHEMIST. CHEADLE, /MANCHESTER.

* ***** .r.* "HOW IT'S CROWN." tr The tea-seed is sown in a nwserv-plot,ald

, *when the seedings are about one vehr old * and ten or twelve inches high, they are

_ transpl inted into garden-rows about. four Air fezt apart. The young tr insplants require 1101 C endless patience and atteni ion, for there t nay *be too much sun, or too inucit rain, there Ile are also blighting-pe,ts, and 'he rant( jungle- grasses growing with ataazing r: pl ity in Ar *the stetming soil would soon overtnke and smother toe cultivate. seedlings. So, 30‘ th •oughout, all the growing, elven, the hoe, * which is the typic tea-garden tool, has eve,. to be at work. tudeeo, this perpetual hoe- ing, by his gangs of coolks, is always the planter's most serious expense. *The tea-plant is pruned fro' u time to * time, to in thee it to grow. ,ivnunetrically *bushy, to encourage the buti-braring and * leaf-yielding shoots. and to -;eep it ,ihout four feet high, that. Lhe picker's hands •,tay *reach it all. The plant must not be plucked * for lea, until it is some four years old, so *that, for at lea=t tour dragging yca.'s, the iihr planter has to keep on paving out money month after mont li, whilst receiving ar. *nothing in return, and, all the weary while encii.ring infinite anxieties by his magra- * *vating c olies, and the de-potic weather, „var. " and the future of his venture. Thinl:i ig of all this,you may wonder how it's poA3ible for .J_II,P" 4g *X OUR AGENT i EVE:zywHSRE .46, to sell you our deli ions Tea for as litt eas -- i ark . * Ij-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 2/-12/4, &2/8 * ALB. ..ilr...

BROOKE, BOND & CO., * LIMITED.

THR LA.NCaStt fitk 1/Arlil-101,0VS. 17. Pico k 23. MARKET A-. 4( kS R *

TT. ,„

===== 0002601_18960404_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Ong 44 Oratniner" APerteg.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

ming under the following man., ,tre inserted in ALL th above-mentioned Papers for Oh CHARGB, as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APIRTMEN TO BE LET. SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSIIII- WAS., ED, APARTMENTS WANTED, Mom WANTED, PECLIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS,

HOUSES AND OTHER PREMIER TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 as 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT Only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

nme4ttr OPerbantE4, Bcr. wANTRD, a strong Milt, about 16. Apply 10,CironLEY- STREET Tipping-streer, Ardwiea. Mandhester.

NITABTED, a Young WOMAN to take charge of Sweet Sta,ll.—Apply to JAMES SE ITON, Market, Warrington.

WANTBD, strong respectable. GIRL about 16; as Gene- ral-30 MANLEY-ROAD, Alexandra Park, Manchester.

_ --- WANTED, strong GIRL, to assist in geleral housework, 16 to 18 years. —B. WOLSTENHOLME, Holme Field, Radcliffe.

WANTED General SHRVA.NT ; no washing, good home; age 20 to 28.—Apply 590, Asirrox OLD-RoAD, Open- 'haw. Manchester

SOUTHPORT.—Wanted strong. respectable Gill RL, about 15 years. to assist in housework.—Apply 41, lIENSINGTON- ROAD, Southport.

QIIRVANTS with good reference WANTED, lor all kinds o #) situations; good wages ; no charke till sulted.-ItEads- Mir. 51. Church-st.,Egremont.

C 0 FFICE. Est ahirard 1888. Over fifty Servants Wanted. Good wages.—Mrs. COWAP, 21, Chester-road.

WANTED, strong GIRL, to do grneral work of smsli farmhouse; milk preferred.—Mrs. B. ENITTON, Castle- ton Gale Farm, Roadsle, Lancashire.

MPLOYERS and SBRVANTS. note renicras.l of JAQuEs'a 114 "Thirsk " Servants Registry, to 29A, St. Nicholas-st., Scarborough. Hatabliehed 34 years.

WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT, at once. to wash and Iron; no chi'dren ; good wages. Referecoes iudispen- aable.-20, CROMWELL-STREET, Stretford.

'WANTED. a SERVANT WOMAN, for a farmhouse. good wages, one able to milk and fond of dhildren.—Apply, AK/CJAXDT Haatmt-rT, Bryn Farm, Little libulton, near 83iton.

WANTED, Cooks, Kitelienmaids, Parlourmaids. House- maids, Lsundry maids, for hotelaand private families, also Nurses and young Generals. MIDLLND REGISTRY. Derby.

GARDENBR Wants SITUATION as good. Aingle-handed or where help is given ; age 25, married,.good -experience and references.—PuGH, The Lodge, Rock Fork, Rock Ferry, Cheshire.

WANTED Situation as GARDENER (Head or Single), 18 years' experience in all branches; two years' reference from present situation.-2, STONE-sTREET, Okoadile Hulme, Stockport.

,GOOD GENERALS and GIRLS can be at onc supplied with Situations In Southport, business season or private by applying or writing to the INLPERIAAL AGENCY, 78, lieghton-street, teutbport,

WAXTBD. for small family, experienced GENERAL, who can cook and iron; washerwoman comes every fort- night ; small washing intervening week; wagec £l4 or £l5. --41 QtritHN'S-ROLD, West Didsbury, near Manchester.

WANITD at once respectable GIRL, about IS, to assist in housework. Must have reference and be accustomed to children. Protestant preferred ; two in family; +'ages 3s. week.--27, BRYANSTON-ROAD, St, Michael's, Livetpool.

MALE and FRMA.LB NURSRS lINTITUTION,, TO, Hope- street, Liverpool.—Establ shed 1878.—For reliable Attendants Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage. apply or telegr • ph.—•• Nurses," Liverpool. 9 elephone. 570

WANTRD, respectable young WOMAN (21), gener-al servant; quiet moorland vicarage; very clean, methodical, trustworthy, good tempered, neat; understand- ing plain cooking. washing, ironing well, waiting at table; two in family ; help given.—lieply MRS. COLLINS. Scammon- den, Huddersfield.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
02 anta.

AGENTS WANTED to push first-class Machinery Oils; liberal ornmission.—Box 31, Post Office, Liverpool.

WANTED, Sufferers from Lumbago or Dropsy to send 14 stamps for certain cure. J. ASHWORTH, Buxtol Cborley.

▪ UTCHERS.—Respectab:e farmer's son. 21. seeks shwa: ion, ▪ served 18 months, good reference.— WILLIAM BROWN, Hilton Farm, Sheriff hales, Newport, 6alop.

AGENTS Wanted to sell slieffield Cutlery and American Watches privately. Good commhision.—RoDuEus, 64. Upper Stanhope-ii., Liverpool.

A GENTS WANTBD for li.bb-r Stamps; whole or stare ;IL tim best Goods : eac?eptional value.— UPPINGToN'S FACTORY, Wine Office Court, London, B.C.

rfIEA I THA I ! TEA !I I WANTED, re.ponsible AGENTS A. to push the eelebratel KEYSTONE TEAS, in town and countrv.—Apply PLANTER. 67 Brook-it., Kennington, London, S.E.

AGENTS Wanted everywhe-e to sell Imperial Metal POLISH. sold ht Id., 2d., 3d. boxe, ; one dozen samples lc—lmperial Metal Plata Polishing Company, 11 Finsbury- square, London, B.C.

FORHIGN POSTAGE STAMPS.—Wanted to purchase an Old Collection. or any English Stamps issued before 1880 (used or unused) except Id. red (used).—J. LASCELLES, Machynlleth. 3lontgomtryshire.

HOME WOT..K. Plain Writers. Book Agency, by Corres- pondents, Coming Addresses. ss. to 255. Weekly. Par- ticulars 2d., and Stamped a-Aressed envel:ope own writing.— GROVES, 31, Palace Terrace, Fulham, London.

SHOP WANTED: by a large Grocery• Firm. must be in best mignon of prinelp4l marketing thoroughfare of Widnes. Give full particulars of measurements, lease, rent. &c., to Box 52, SELLS Advertising Offices, Fleet-street. London. B.C.

A GENTS WANTED.—Latest patented Novelty for men's 1% wear, hygienic, many in use and highly approved ; good profits to be made by Azents. Send 3s. 6d. for samples, stating size of hat worn, to INGLE & CO.. Mi. lasman Road, Clapham.

0-HOP WANTED • by a large Grocery Firm, tuust be in best 0 position of principal marketing thoroughfare of St, Helens, Give full vartienlars of measurements, lease, rent ice., to Box 52, SELLS Advertising Offices, Fleet-street, L mdon,E.C.

a to 255. A WEEK, salary offered to either 10S. VD. sex (for spare hours), everywhere. The work can be done evtnings.—Apply. enclosing addressed en- velope, to F. P&YNTEIt, & CO. (F. 25), Albert House, St. Mary Church, Torquay.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Co be Let.

1)13-IiC—Y-SrItEET: off Lovely-lane, 6 Roomed houses, re decorated ss. CATHERINE-ST., re-decorated houses, 4s. 33. WELLFIELD-ST., re-decorated Houses, ss. 6d. STOCKTON HEATH, Good Houses, 48. PIOYLE-ST.. re-decorated f-r.ouses, 4s. PRNKETH, good six-roomed Houses. ss. 6d. PENKIITH. Cottages horn 28. Bd. to 53.

pply. HOBERT Lowe. Hstate Agent. Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No. 65.

rpo LBT.—Good WORKSHOP, Orford-st.—Apply ASECTO j_ and WOODS. Solicitors, Horsernarket-et., Warrington.

4.:ITABiI4s and COACH HOUSE TO LET. Excellent 0 accommodation.—Apply to OEN. SEC. Y.M.C,A, , Friars' 43reen.. Moderate rental.

XTEWTON-LE-WILLOWs.—IO BE LET or SOLD. Hose Cottage, ocoupitd as Post Office.—Apply W. Ricalax. Beff. 20, Corubrook Park-road, Manchester.

IVO LET.—Good COTTAGES off Lovely Lane. rent 4s. J.. Apply ASHTON and Woons, Solicitors, Horsemarket-a ty, Warrington.

BROOKSIDE VILLAS, PENKETH.—A semi-detached HOUSE with garden and stable to be Let, with or with- out stable.—Apply J. ()was, Penketh.

MO BE LET room with or without power. WORKSHOPS, storage, stabling, land. itc.. in lots to suit tenants.— ° RANT'S Wholesale Fu.laiture Works, Lythgoes-lane,Warring- on.

frO LET —Grocery and Provision Shop. good shop, 1_ sitting-room. kitchen. Ecullery. washhouse, bakehouse, 2 warehouses, greenhouse and gardtn, 4 bedro..ms 2 attics. rent £1.9 AUGIIION-ROAD, Birkdale, Southport.

PRINTING ! PRINTING !

GENERAL PRINTINGDEPAItTMENT LANCASHIRE tt CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPER InHE WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER," -pubilslied every Saturday morning. PRINTING FOR BOARDS oF GUARDIANS, PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR CHURCHES, PRINTING FOR CIIAFELS,

BOOKBINDING! PLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR.

THE " LEVIATHAN " PLACARD Single Sheet, sft. 3in. by 31t. 9ln.

HOPS, with recipe to make 9 gallons a good ale Is. 9d. (pm—WRITE, 40 Gibbon-rand. 5.13.

TO PICTURE-FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS.

MORELL,I7 and 18. Great St.Andrew-st.,llloomsb ury, W.C. Cheapest House in London for English and Foreign Picture-Frame and Room Moulding, Veneered and Fancy Wood Mouldings. tic. Wholesale Carvers and Gilder and Mount Cutter. Itegilding. Special attention to country orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Books just put.- Hailed, 107 pages containing all the newest designs for six enny stamps. Glass Lists Fret monthly, Telegrams BIBBITRY, London."

Vor Sale, 1,000 BEER BARRELS, 9, 18, 36, 170 gallons.- 1: GEORGE KEY, 40, New-street, Wellington, Salop. x

LADIES.—A Message for You !! ! In all cases of Irregularities and Obstructions, however obstinate and long standing, try the MIRACULOUS and never-failing Remedy, known all over the world as DASMAWS SPECI- FIC. Thoutands of testimonials testifying to the Wonderful Cases that have been relieved by this UNEQUALLED and MOST POWERFUL MEDICI E. A Lady w.ites ' Your Medicine is truly wonderful. My case was a fearfully obsti- nate one." Most reliable information and copies of testi- monials (which are guaranteed genuine under a penalty of £100) upon receipt of stamped envelope to A. DA-rMAIL,376, Langdale, Walthamstow. Established nearly 50 years.- x

===== 0002601_18960404_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, APRIL 4, 1896

tibt=gptork, Str.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
CADS, Voulrro, Scr.

EGGS. Cook's strain, Black Minorcas. 31. 6d. per sitting.- 503, BOROUGH-ROAD, Birkenhead.

QILVBR. Wyandotte eggs, prize birds, none better. 2s. doz.. free.—Wax.r.moaAx. Stow Bedon Hall, Attleboro.

DUFF Plymouth Rock aGas. 3s. 6d. sitting, Certificate.— Addressttdiss FIUSTEL Ufton, Soutbam, Rugby.

Ctiuration.

THE IN.EW REGULATION POST CARD WITH PRINTED HEADING, FROM 3/9 PER 1,000.

JOHN WALKER AND CO., BEWSRY STREET. WARRINGTON pAPER RULED TO ANY PATTERN

ENVELOPES FROM 2S. PER 11 000 _ • HE "EXAMINER" WORKS, BEWSEY STREET

===== 0002601_18960404_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
Vubitt IN3uszEil 33terbou5e5, Sa.

Rotorko, 33u5i1te655t5, err.

APartmattO, eurntOtb 3E10u5r5,

LLANDUDNO.—First-class apartments ; facing the sea. For particulars apply L., 16, CRAIG-Y-DON.

GOLDEN TIPS.

KITIKLAND'S have been so often asked to give the Liverpool people another opportunity of tasting famous

GOLDEN TIP TEA,

that, notwithstanding the great expense, they have de2ided DUttING LENT, at their Establishments in Lord-street and Bold-street, to ÜBO only the Golden Tips This teals very scarce, and has been sold in the London Market as high as ED PER LB., IN BOND,

hut Kirkland's have been successful in securing through Messrs. Robert Roberts and Co., Limited, Tea Merchants, Liverpool and Londan, a very large Parcel, sufficient to last for the six weeks of Lent. Lately, the Tea Trade have been puzzled at the scarci 3 of the Tips in the Tea, and have wondered where the Tips have gone. Now they know. It takes months to Collect a chest of Golden Tips.

- IDIAEGAIN, high grade tINIGUMATIO, detachable B°' tyreseleading make,latest improvernents,searcely soiled, cost 215155-sacrifice £7. PRlCE,Hatter.Newport-on-Usk. x

CYCLES ! 1 CYCLES !! !

===== 0002601_18960404_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
K IRKLAND BROS..

PURVEY:ORS TO THE QUEEN, LORD-STREET AND BOLD-STREET,

LIVERPOOL.

BICYCLES

BICYCLES

BICYCLES

BIC Y CLES

BICYCLE

BICYCLES

CYCLES

PATENTEE AND MAKER OF THE " ELEGANT" CYCLE STAND.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
-- jflmmi

in AO r ADYS' 1896 SAFETY by Gordon Coventry. I.J possible grade and finish, only been in use one: Cost late owner £l6 10s. Complete with lamp, beu', tools. Gear case antd dress guard, fitted with Dunlop tyres. Tangent spokes. Written guarantee given. 11 guineas cash.—M ELLOR, pawnbroker, 210, Park, Toxteth Park, Liverpool. Telephone No. 9925.

1 !,8:1 ido if ,rom ..._..,,,- excon '73 ,f _a. Ye I; • - / - ,

1 ENTS SAFETY.—High class make ; taken in ky Dunlop non-slipping tyres. Balls all over, quiteL to new. Lamp. bell, and all tools, also guarantee w' months. Only £lO 15s. Cost very recently 15 guineas r —MELLOR, pawnbroker. 210, Park-road, Toxtetb. Liverpool. Telephone No. 9925.

les bp Auttlon.

RAPHIC ACCO

INTERESTING DET dULS.

C FOR DELIVRIIY 3 cut Brick machiPl'i achine, Capacity 10,00 V I pressing triaol2llo, Grinding Mid )lay Waggons. Wheel'', Brick Making Machl?;, modern COIIS trildiv..; 1 s BucHALLN and

-4 MANC JI BS 1i T- -1835. itt

have had more than.: Con with this :cot the•ootton. wool P-1

t Law, price 6d. Laws.' price 11... ANCHBSTER. DONS. BUILDERS,

Hate delivery NEW ers from 10 to 16 :oupled, with ementa. plication.

oney advanced daili ards, simply on not.to ). and cash broue nmptly attl•nded to• reh•street, Warrini44r to ners. Hours 9 &O.

DE OFFICE R. ES from £lO to RSC.I a much lower intuit" arranged to suit Ng: ixtensive business cleiL taken.—Apply or Wriv" ountant, 20, Kennee

MONEY. 7ith a big capita!l ce Loans daily frora rity required. •—Apply personaleti se, Earlestown (priV"_.; rictest privacy guar'''.

.TTLEIMAN with !ICES from £5 to £0 lesmen. Workingmen,' fply on written pronli' y, and no inquiry fet red, at the borrower. and expense. If yoli .1 be useless applyili! ion is ever refuse( /- vote house) off Sank ,mpt attention. APPb

_ _---' t,RINGTON. ,0 3s to make ADVAIqv armers, Vicrking•rdell their own security. )CK.

)UR HOUSE. CY RENT OR DEV° ithout public en 4044 back.—Apply Pt la, ,ral Station), WIDi mice, 134, Orford- NCORN and Dial' tention.

lone, without suretie° to £5,000, to ladies/8 rs, or any responsil94 ao obiect) upon elsewhere. No free vj ly private, prompt e 0 Bills discounted, P:e Lie usual extortiolfj Banks heavy intervir to me, and I will irms and lower intejr; iewhere call or ivP;r• dings South, 2, verpool. EstablieiP

,a0O• Diva USBHOL DT OP' BONDS RS VATB. repayable 7/,9 per I,*

12/6 gr surauce Policies. 'et Property, nt Five P Eve prompt attentioP. lay 10 to 1.

lADSWORTIL District Agent,,, IT. WARRINGTO', ----1,, ;MAN with rANCE SUMS °coo on tl.) Boris)" PAL -fan°. s I Repay , lices 6(1. in the„t33l7 I weekly,nloPif or quartzrog Orin is a H004;10" with any Loan (Id . not to applY•

IMPBELL, S PI A. °

,NCHE„TER•

r, SHE FFI -IN-TURN ESS• 'of house for 1' iattoe

makers. ILL PAID OS'

Lower Rates_ o'r, ot first "al 'l3oll' rat i& better ,01, ).m.;Saturdsi,

OF MANCHESTER'S PALACES OF INDUSTRY.

THE Great City of Manchester is undoubtedly the 440,:!1it. centre of commerce in the world. It is. next to Lop- tb:e most important city in the Betish empire; its 13;Ins rcial enterprise is famous throughout civilisation, and lagt,,,nr,'n Penetrated to the darkest recesses of barbaric 12 Y. Manchester is the centre of a population within zes of her Town Hall as great as London, the whole of Dew is engaged in the cause of labour. Day by day the erful and mighty engines of steam power are, under the 4,71 control of the mech inic and operative, busily engaged ;Le;ntributing to the successful trading of this marvellously industrious community. Its my visit to this won- ate city I chanced to discover amongst the many gigantic Colossal h.ves of industry a well-known famous furnish; ug establishment, "THE PANTHEON." %face ver to say that" The Pantheon" is indisputably the Cry largest Furnishing Establishment in the North of Eng- ird exclusively engaged Al Furnishio7 It is not a Drapery i'oisitatla3lishrner but is a solid, compact, massive warehouse ng over a million square feet of Showrooms packed the basemer tto the roof by the Finest Stock of Furni- ii7 °Pen for in, pection out3ide the city of London. The des- ifyitLf„,,this great establishment, I find, are presided over " • H. Worsley, tt-e sole and absolute propr'etor, to pztie untiring energy and unflagging enterprise "The t2ileon owes its high position. To visit" The Pantheon" the tram from the corner of Mossley-street.Piccadilly, IV:4g Mexand-a Park way. In a very few minutes. after ti,,11;13.8t Peter's Church and the mammoth Certral Sta- lfZ* t was informed by the gue-d of my arrival at" The the thesis." My visit being in the evening, I was amazed at bolitrilliant display of electriety, the whole of the vast ter ding having ju..l been splenerdly lighted by the Manches- c_glectric Comp 'ny, under the able supervision of Mr. Qs. electrical 3nsultir enginee:., of Cross-street, I was kled to see everythin gas favourably as in daylight. "The ora " has immen.e .ho .v windows fronting Gay- over 100 feet long forming a gigantic display. Noting IthiLnvitation displayed on the windows, " Inspection pcgt7i" %ithout diffidence I immediately embraced the op- TillintY by walking inside; announced my desire to see 14, ;I+Patitheon," though not wishing to purchase. I was ,areeltt the mo..Z, cordial manner by one of the numerous um _Ten. who very courteous y offered to conduct me. I '.ollce struck with OVRRWHELMING SURPRISE,

eXtraordinary immensity of the stock being sufficient arttn:ee of variety. On the ground floor I found a well stlitiZed., stock of Bedroom Furniture of the better cla-s, Taft,. ,ttlnumerable at from £3O to £l5O. Magnificent spec-- bet; in richly-figured pollard oak, American walnut and fliterininwood, exquisitely inlaid rosewood,Chippendale and traltriu• These stood ou prominently. Struck with the to ..Zeur of one large ollard oak Bedroom Suite, I ventured ariii-`the price, expecting it to be quite £4O) to £5OO, and P 1 58C1 to find the price only £120; another Suite, by • Which must have cost nearly £203, pr'ce only £6b. sifetir aPer bedroom suites I was informed were displayed in the v,shewroom reserved for the purpose. A summary of I,(lo"yei‘s_sx on view is briefly 200 bedroom suites complete, over liklaiira, steads, 15,3 draviing-room suites. 150 cabinets, 175 Laticlo Olfl suites and over 150 sideboards, besides the thou- Zutoc,,,eargains in all the sundries which are essential to tr"sitto.74, furnishing. My curiosity was next aroused in a Carpet Showroom, which has been newly refitted. Shed 1:), 1880, In exquisite artistic colourings `NINQ THE SOUL ~,Q°lo42l€ll,_°e of loveliness. Carpets in all their gorgeous kea,„' 'zininster Persian. Brussels. Wilton, and Tapestry, --'l*rably low' prices. Axminster 2s 9d per yard, • istls le Ild Tapestry from 90. Over 500 Second-hand 141 Th e •R,,f°rm a ' special plum for those requiring a bargain; . Los szkiZond-han Axminster and Bru:sell! Carpets fri:nn 10d, according to size and quality. Adjoining 11414—Pet Showroom is the Linoleum and Oilcloth Depart- ulted with rollers for the proper display of the pot- ion; Linoleums from 8d to 2s 6d, Oilcloths from 6d to apoel• Inlaid Linoleums at 3s 11d. I was now conducted .111411,17 to the Dining-room Furniture Showroom. I was Eia,„teifY impressed by the enormous display of Massive "'nth 211114-room Furniture, the bulk of which is magnifl- 11%ericorrved in has relief, reminding one of the artistic rint's'uTlaYed in AZIEN I&N TEMPLES. 44• Rictift tituow Cent productions by splendid old makers, such as 150titi,!,, Garnett, Lamb. Henry Ogden and Sons, &c., at how Y less prices than the common new London furniture tos,targely retailed by drapers, Ac. For instance, I noted etelfauvT,cent 71t fin Sideboard, by Doveston. Bird, and • ritai could not have cost less than £lOO. price £l6 "e- st on with bargains such as here displayed? Next a What possible chance has new London furniture in al:4Zr.; i for eii`lssolld oak Sideboard, with brilliant crystal mitaors. flidet,• ,t 'Os ; original cost £75. You can positively obtain . rda „ second hand,condition equal to new, from 30s to You worth three or four times the amount; and, better still, ,baertlll depend upon the stability. A common new side- Practically worthless ; cracks may develop suffi- tisitol3;:nde as to almost dis dese the contents to your thigh' should strongly recommend the purchase of a 't doe,,N-class sideboard, second haod, in preference to new. tsibleraLlTstter what price you wish to give,you can obtain all bargain at Worsley's iq Sideboards from 30s up to li bia„eclusliy cheap and durable. The same rule applies 10,00 m Suites, Overmantels, and Dining Tables. 'Atiob-i:Fa'ns in this department are simply wonderful. Up° uandsorne Diningroom Suite, in morocco, with couch, t0....."taY chairs and six single chairs, second hand, but order ,Oat £55 for £9 103 ; this is a sample of what obtained. Of course there is ample variety in price, befrom £2 lOs to £65. A complete Suite in solid oak may .esileVer comparatively a trifling sum. My attention was Solid Oak Dining-room Suite, consisting of couch, 4c.erri, sY chairs, and six single chairs, in morocco; a magni- s22s Sideboatd, Overmantel. and Dining Table, the lot for Worth £75, and cost £lOO. This seems almost In. bat a visit will amply demonstrate the verification. Di? near a brilliant display of rapid evolutionary chords on Sit -Tinierte, and am thereby attracted to the New Pianoforte ,etul recently erected adjoining the Dining-room Show- find that n man, tha. enproprietor is not only a remarkable business but that he is endowed with no mean amply▪ as a Pianist. the performance of a Chopin Polonaise forte: 4ilinonstrating this upon a magnificent Erard Piano- instrumentsPiall°fte Saloon contains all the best known lozirplecinr ema:111 by the highest class makers at a price from 23 to With 11 . less than music sellers' list prices. For instance, span brand new Upright Grand Cottage Pianos, 'Price .the latest improvements, are offered at 28-1- guineas, forte!" Mtherto unknown. A. very fine Tricho:d new Piano- tho 11,071sectihailnl.ag' made for Worsley's, is retailed at 131 guineas, n ents on view. but the 4and Pianofortese.gems scoe her f. thTebearagrae a inslaiurendthreedsieconstnrdu-- w as Hereto you value. Go simply Incredible gibhuet can get pianos from 50s. tol£so, eest you nab: and fee for yourself ; it will lually Music epsroafiloot ynocuonmenhs. anu mAmericanberof Organs cheapl.ll

CHARMING PICTUREiS Well-known artists, at astonishing low prices. There are t} j 5 floor varieties of sundries, articles of virtu,ornamental al uabl e property of all kinds, but space forbids alll 1411.'d write of what I saw. The next showroom is the Draw g room. and it is almost impossible to do justice to the beautiful and exquisite display of really High-class New ,ilgl Second-hand Drawing-room Furniture. You can pur- T‘aae a suite for £2 10s. and you can buy one as high as £l5O. tinere are 163 suites on view, for variety and beauty un- „44lled. There is only space to illus[rate a sample bargain, A. ma-4nificent Secmsd-hi:ad Drawing-room Suite„ Zulnet, overmantel, two tables, card table, and coal cabinet, tielswhole in Chippendale mahogany of Louis XIV. style, "13' Carved ; the suite has bem newly re-upholstered in eh brocaded silk of delicate artistic colourings ; everything 4,ilual to new. Pri-e for the lot 211 guineas ; worth quite Thu- Very pretty suites may be purchased at £7 to £lO. 6 next department is the Bedstead Showroom, where you e at once dazzled by the IVI°UNTAINS OF GOLD. The brilliant collection of solid Brass Bedsteads, having the spearance of a mountain of gold. Hundreds of exquisitely sh fro e. brass bedsteads at incredible low prices are on show kta 32s 6d up to £25. Two thousand bedsteads from 55 6d 13:3' be inspected, besides na?ny wonderful bargains in ti,c(Xtd-haud Bedsteads For instance, a magnificent mas- torte solid brass bedstead, which cost £25 when new, is shown tecie4 lee. I must now pass on to describe the enormous alkj"n i i Suite Showroom, which is the largest n Manchester, are en, ntains 150 bedroom suites from 35s to £65. The suites LawßneWn in corridors, with plenty of width and space al- 1, 4-1.1 for inspection. The great feature at "Toe Pantheon" t there is plenty of room, and a brilliant light enabling Illeut°,. see what you are purchasing perfectly. In this depart- ho " Yen have splendid opportunities for securing a bargain, liitieprl one, a fine handsome majestic 6 feet Bedroom Suite, te51.°11.13' figured wood, all solid; wardrobe 6 feet, dressing 444' feet, washstand 4 feet 6 inches, three chairs, towel rail, fitteciPed!stal, in condition quite equal to new. This suite is tititk iwlth every convenience, and cost from £7O to £3O. The 411). °°lsl 251 guineas, the fact being that Worsley's must %flu tremendous quantity of goods awfully cheap, and hZ,IY ask a small profit on it, no matter how little the cwt. aelt„,Altseen bargains worth three and four times the money tsk:lpr them , The best plan to adopt to prove this is to tor ‘ske trouble to pay a visit to "The Pantheon" and see tie...._ottreelf. As I said before you are not asked to buy; yon oulywaik in and walk out with perfect freedom, experiencing

CICTIITESY AND POLITENESS. ~.1 I 4° itiV e ~ a full aceount, of the vast stores of " The Pantheon" "IT te4gorolccupy the wholeof.this paper. I may however, just One fact' Yina that is you cannot . ot askWorsley's for of furniture without being quickly shown what Nati r_ .cle t 50ti.3,7r0, i,!'e You are nevefr met with the response "Very what you require, but we can et it for we are just out o Xeal i,.. you:" Wor!leys keep a tremendous reserve s',ock. ._ Withs-e,:i obtara anything you require in the furnishing line ,IsiD.2.-nflicelty. The Kitchen arid Sitting-room furnishing or Couches from 15s 1 mahogany3s and s o, bkolvtraents are cram full of bargaasins • for instance second zreill'o tnahogany hair-seated Sofas 3froiCtn-s, •......... et. bird ganY carved back Dressers frem nit Tables trom Iss Kitchen Dressers MOM or "lint Ihe st•ow s f Hall Furniture, Library, and Office &Flails, cheap and nittfre . good. A magnificient Hat and Umbrella Stand and pair of Hall Chairs, are ttitc'lvs,:_tid•liand _ cost £3o' may be purehavd for £6 10s, a smaller set 11‘22 158 CONCLUSION, 1,4,4 41,,,,_,cat1y Say veh,`„,s,,ev h.rts that the greatest mary of *ll s ttl System, Mr. m instituted a new Gr,dual P 4) he niaugura...ed. Worsley's ''ff'2r - el ~1 einssyou all the ad van: elk-Atiles of their low nrices. Any o y targains I have m : the lvertised, and they ay be purchased at. the prices -1 diffe7'oNY you to pay off by Gradual e PaY I cannot voierseiZe whatever in the invoia e price. inents, making no everyone to 4 it wo my letter without recommendingetitor` s try to 4131t04 ley's before purchasing ; all his ".111P, teaches me that W("14 lityle of business but my the rest are "4'whe "leY reigns supreme—l.Vorsiey is there, 9 to 7, and 4' Ti -r.,,;t• Worenev's eery day from Central '4,tleurirantheen,,,,einareafmoro,,etn next door to Tiet the Central expersenc L'4lc. ,o„4:lntlester isgvery easy to find. ~,,ning City- --'3.7 ... --son. a..d4Bradstraw-street tra,m3 a" s-,- ••113' pite* th duo'

===== 0002601_18960404_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
PALA.CE

TRH Great City 7

gee t centre of corm, the most import akruercial enterprise LI% even penetrated 'Roma, atty. Mancheste itlies of her Town E engaged in Um l'orreeful and mighty e pal Control of the mee ol Contributing to the trrive and indnstrious dorfol city I chanced tA and colossal la.ves of in retablishment. "TEM PANTHEO' !Mee it to say that " o'7 largest Purni shin *and exclusively en gag Ilstablishmer L, but is tintaining over a mill the basemer t to I kora open for in. peetil lintel of this great et bY Mr:g?. H. W orate, l'hoseis untiring enerl putheon " owes its I I took the tram from Pillg Alexandra Panit vasaing,fit. Peter's C tiorip.,_. I was informed Ctb"l." My visit brilliant display otOlding having jut 1 „tot' Bleetric Comp 'n9 t;reirs, electrical )ne tos)led to see everytl .f.ntheon " has imi .L'mortt over 100 feet lo Ve invitation displ ._4llllted," viithnut dif rrtnnity by walking The Pantheon," thc toet in the moLz, con Nei_ men. who very c mil fit once struck w

tate ettraordinary in tranlee of variet3 '74._ nod Stock of :ult.% innumerable P Zatillt in richly-4u ner, satinwood, exq "meraton. These etlZlx deur of one laro hthe price, exp. r.-. 1 surprised to for Which must ._""echeaper bedroon. "tother showroom r -"41 ~SeCk on view Is th,..-I`4l bedsteads, 153 i 5,7111, loom suttee, Of bargains in furnishin, 11,, ule Carpet s %Veiled in e 1)18SOLVING T fit A (1010n-,4,1613 of 10V. 'tAarninster, tpzimtllparably to 5&eI1 is 11d. Tay 1. .olta form a spec is;gLifecond-hand lha-- to £3 10d, ae Pet Showroo fitted With ro Linoleums f I . nlaid Lin( ir..41444,1 to the Din is,„-"ediately iomPte ....""ttyl Dining-room carved in ba .--'l.lllslllPlayed in ATRRNI om_iktittlincent produi -suuwit. Garnett, Natively less Prlc4 Itos, to largely rets iturn'tgelficent 7tt whish could I'4on...tubas. What pc ion with b iPtendld solid oak 10s; ode I,4l,Stboards, second u. Worth three o 3%11 ean depend etb°24dtlyltstaeetti,:al. "n_..lit°,rs• I shout tt'un nigh-class sid doesa't Matter to % stilendid bargain tun. all equaliy ol iliningroom 4‘llo bargains in 'atte handsome tuo ' %.1 easy chairs. isikilood. order cos it,lL‘e obtained. be 17,from £IO 4C't rto compar 'ed to a Solid 0 o easy Chairs. a Sideboard. ' Z. 5). Well worth dible. but avi 1:10v, he a brill Pianoforte, and ftloon recently ei .uotn. I find tha ttlergettc busines ability Rea latanft amply demonstra forte. The Plane Instruments by t 30 per cent, less t ICirkman's span With all the lateri %Price hitherto forte, specially m also something n Ments on view. t hand Pianofortes 'lmply eostluatyuoyucilinhceaortehpdi.nib,

PYlivrAßell-Mkniclian e oo this floor vani kkd valuable pro 1'3'114 write of wl ..4-room, and it l'er3l beautiful a i t ninld Seeond-han, ii." 42 a suite for ,i'v`ere are 163 so' ‘ll' .1'11:1;1:1. .1 l'e':114::_:::. e 1194. nextibbeclehlrrt:eCarved;oli.liti drvmadlyiei lenenbaprtmeaCwreirjre6o' 'het:1111 :11‘1:14:61":./eite00;°tUnInittitaNceaiTeelunnrAdise:pIizBecaszle5, Qvheld brass IA to:4, 3211 64 up 1 t4re solid brass I 161-4 les. In iki;:,4l.o)ln Suite t 12 lhown in co Fpiforinspex 11, to see what 1,,e11,t,3700 have •n: 4 4-1.4 41 "1 410tibt:t44:11:146:1'6414v1ith5ced"YihwfalofellYa:11::1:tefihtollairt:Inhon:ealueeuwb.vani2rbe:anee5annli: shZ a trelytend Ckijatirielf. A

CIOURT EST a full a ,ottld °coup on 4,13, art; One f' .ele of f rolulre (Ty, 1 bo:: we e,t It for you obtai- bft t 140: rtroents a 4:41(1 Utah° a bihN"Y 'Unit Tab' The .01 terot,trreBl'ar.; ,vhie‘ -landnl lor 15tat, £3l °ONCL taY tie Irian elesZiges of th , *lli 'Jed rri aY diffE, u'w You en .rtne lrnm; oral, , 14 th 'tate 11 Y 12 ()at wormegt3 Panth.., l'Etri:".: Man rov . t.n.ajc *837

J. edge, in grand conild;il all over, fitted witll I igod, mud guards.lll LLOR, Pawnbroker! , Telephone No. on Coventry. Ilteleepi' y been in use one w.„L to with lamp, bell. !al tted with Dunlop ii guarantee given. broker, 210, Park.-r. No. 9925.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
AGENT VOR THE

‘' RUDGE." " WHITWORTH," TOWNEND BROS., AND OTHER HIGH-GRADE CYCLES.

MAKER OF THE " SPRINT " CYCLES. MACHINES MADE TO ORDER.

A VARIETY OF LADIES' CYCLES ON lIAND. INSTRUCTIONS GIVEN BY LADY ATTENDANT.

REPAIRS A SPECIALITY AND PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO CHARLES ALLEN, MERSEY CYCLE WORKS, LIVERPOOL - ROAD, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
iliarbtntrp, Su., on Oak.

S3IITH.'S FAMOUS PIAS 34, OXFORD-STREET, 83, PICCADILLY, MANCHEIIER. 179, OXFORD-STREET, t 1). 102 and 104, PINS CONE STREET, SHEEP! B— • i 90, DUKE-STREET, BA ILROW-IN-FURN P,SS,:,§sOr Without doubt the best and cheapest house for P Organs by all the great makers. PIANOS at 'Cs. 6d. Monthly }TILL PAID FCIS' OEGANS at ss. 6d. Monthly Second-hand Instruments at Lower Rates' 01 Delivered free anywhere on payment ot first -.11 03 till, Send for Price List (post free), or what i better asp on bMITkI personally, any day up to 7 p.m.; Saturdal. '

===== 0002601_18960404_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
exesuil -ons

ake ; taken in - Jails all over, quite s, also guarantee itip, ecently 15 guineas; C.,LI Toxteth

_ , -- •

===== 0002601_18960404_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
Mon.

(OWE, )OUNTANT, VA.LUBR,

Warrington .

ce, London, Betablia.

ate Glase,Fidelity. ,ea Insurance A.asociav

seoeistion Limited.

y.Lizulted. Establisl

===== 0002601_18960404_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
LSWORTB.

DUNTANTS. 7St_lce.,

LiVEIiPOOL.

I Property for Sale,„bi, address on appliCarry ' property entered I"'

ig Societies (Permanent, RD IN CONXECTION URITIES. Private IIW" it.

Liverpool," TelBPl

-416- ESTATE WE:" VALIIHR. D Ch AYPERS. WAD, WARRINGTO' irate Treaty. qVITBD.

an owe. ulrne, Manehea ter, :L and PULLEY PN, •sition to Supply CAS' I of Engineering Vir )ulley patterns on AP

prising Lathes, pri , Steam Hammers, :alifax. Patent DuPw,,! lg of from 15 to 25 dinary single-crank r

GRAP.EIIC ACCOUNT OF A VISIT TO ONE

MCDOUGALL'S PATENT SELFRAISING FLOUR ONCE TRIMIs usBD. THE EXAMINER SATURPAY, APRIL 4. 1896.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXA_MINER.

SATURDAY, APRIL 4tb, 1896.

THERE can be no question that The New Education Bill. the Education Bill brought into the House of Commons on Tues- day by Sir JOHN GORST, on behalf of the Govern- ment, will make a complete revolution in the educational system of the country. Until the full text of the Bill has been printed and studied it is not possible to enter into a detailed examination of the measure, but one important point was made perfectly clear by Sir JOHN GORST.S speech, namely, that the most reactionary members of the I Government have had the chief part ir shaping this new departure. There are, as everyone knows, men in the Cabinet who were formerly Liberals and who still deny that they are Tories, but either these Liberal Unionists have had very little to do with th e new Bil or they have managed to swallow in a very complete fashion some of the principles which they at one time most stoutly maintained. The Bill, taken as a whole, is an insidious and deliberate attempt to deprive the people of the country of a complete and direct control of their educational artem. Sir JOHN GORST had a good deal to say about the importance of the work carried on by the voluntary schools, but all this was really beside the mark. No one wishes to dispute the fact that education is pro- vided for some half-million more children in volun- tary schools than in Board schools, or that many millions of pounds would have to be expended in order to take over the voluntary schools. The benefits that have been derived, financially or otherwise, from the voluntary school have been amply acknowledged, and very little objection has been raised in any quarter to the suggestion that additional grants should be made from the Imperial Exchequer in aid of these schools. What has been demanded by education reformers is that additional public grants should be accompanied by additional public control, and also that no at- tempt should be made to restrict or fetter those schools which are already under the management of popularly-elected School Boards. In the pre- sent Bill neither of these conditions has been com- plied with. A special grant of four shillings per head for every child in voluntary schools is to be made, amounting in all it is said to half a million pounds for England and Wales, but no further public control of the schools is provided for. On the other hand School Boards, even in the largest towns, such as London and Birming- ham and Manchester, will be checked and re- stricted in the most unwarrantable, and it might almost be said,:insulting manner. It is proposed that in the future in all counties and boroughs a new educational.,authority, shall be created—" a paramount authority, the one channel through which public money is to :arrive at the different schools." Each County Council and Town Coun- cil will, it appears, be required to form an Educa- tion Committee and through these Committees all grants will be made to the voluntary schools or to the necessitous Board schools. On the face of it the arrangement would appear to provide for at least an indirect public control, but that is evi- dently not the intention of the Government. These Committees will men:lly be the mediums through which the grants will be conveyed to the schools but the schools will still remain entirely in the hands of the present managers. The schools may, if it is desired, combine together according to districts or denominations and divide the grant that is due to them in their own way amongst themselves, subject to the approval of the Education Department. The setting up of another educational anthority in the shape of committees appears to be an extremely cumbrous way of distributing grants in aid of education, but the real object of doing so is very readily seen in other provisions of the new Bill. The com- mittees will not only distribute these grants, but they will also hamper the School Boards and the Board schools, and they will prevent the creation of any more School Boards. These committees may, if the County or Town Coun- cils appointing them think fit, contain a minority of co-opted members, that is, members who have never been elected by the ratepayers,yet it is proposed that they shall have the power to prevent any increase in the School Board rate. The great School Board of London will, for in- stance,have to receive the sanction of a committee of the London County Council before it can in- crease its rata by even a farthing in the pound. Yet the London School Board is elected by a direct popular vote while the committee for whose sanction they have to apply may possibly contain a large minority of co-opted members. T arrangement appears still more absurd when it is considered that the London School Board has a far larger revenue and controls a more numerous isttatffhrtohuangh a the CcoornunntlyittCeeo.unTciiil,ewho,ircehatis virtuetOcontroofl this elaborate contrivance in the eyes of this reac- tionary Government is doubtless the very fact that it will secure at least a partial abolition of the system of direct public control of education. Another advantage it possesses from the Tory point of view is, that it removes the

necessity for creating any more School Boards. The voluntary schools will now be fed with public funds through the Education Commit- tees, and in case of need the County or Borough Council will simply take over the administration and perform all the duties of management with the aid of voluntary managers. There are, it may be said, other parts of the 'Bill which will probably be less open to the criticism of enlightened educationists than the portion referring to the subsidising :of the elementary schools. It contains a scheme of secondary education which should be productive of benefit, though little can be done in this direc- tion unless funds are provided for the purpose and it is suggestive that the Bill omits to do this. The proposal that pauper and industrial children should be taken over by the new educational au- thorities and that the school age should be raised to twelve may also be steps in the right direction, but clearly these small matter will be a very poor compensation for the injuries that will be inflicted by a complete reversal of an educational system which has on the whole produced excellent results.

IN his speech at Huddersfield Lord Roseirry on Lord ROSEBERY made a search- Foreign Affairs. mg criticism of the extraordin- ary foreign policy of the present Government. No man can speak with more knowledge or more authority upon this subject than the late PREMIER, and the country will not feel reassured by what he has to say of Lord SALISBURY'S methods. Lord ROSEBERY rightly contends that this is a time for the concentration of the military resources of the Empire. It is many years since there was so much that is threatening and omin- ous in the foreign outlook as at the present time. One indication of this is the altogether unusual attention that is being paid at the pre- sent time to foreign affairs, and another is the almost feverish anxiety that is displayed by all the nations of Europe to strengthen their arma- ments and to develope all their military resources. And, as Lord ROSEBERY again pointed out, there are numerous questions awaiting settlement which might at any moment be the cause of inter- national quarrels. Yet this is the very time which our Government fixes upon for squandering its resources in an attempt to re-conquer the destrts of the Soudan. Lord ROSEBERY is evidently as much in the dark as everyone else outside the Cabinet as to the causes of the Nile expedition. He cautiously and charitably admits that there may be good reason for the expedition, ' but he is clear upon the point that no good reason has yet been given. The evil results that were bound to spring from this ill-timed adventure are now too apparent to be ignored. The of the French has been excited to such a pitch that the foreign ministers of that country have sk.arcely been able to keep their language within the limits of diplo- matic courtesy, and it probably really depends upon the extent to which France can carry Russia with her whether or not there is to be an open rupture between this country and the Republic on the other side of the Channel. It was surely hardly worth while bringing about this state of affairs for the sake of possessing a few thousand square miles of Soudanese sand. Even the members of the Government themselves seem now to be alarmed by the bigness of the bogey they have conjured up, and they are beginning to show that most fatal quality of weak administrators, indecision. It is to be hoped that the final outcome ot the Egyptian escapade may not be even more disas- trous to the reputation of the country than the Armenian fiasco.

rro CYCLISTS. TWO GOOD LINES IN CYCLES :-

REFORM" COVENTRY High-Grade l‘lount, weight 271bs, with best detachable Tyres, £lO 17s. 6d, " SPECIAL" LADIES, Best 7detachable Tyres, weight 301bs. £lO- 10s.

S. GARLAND. J. S BRIDGR-STRICRT, WARRINGTON. Large Stock or Premiers. Bxcelsiors. and New Raptda. Several second-hand Machines. cheap.

RUNCORN URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL

At an ordinary meeting of the Runcorn Urban District Council held this (Thursday) morning the following minutes of committees were submitted for confirmation.

lIIGHWAYS AND BUILDINGS' COMMITTEE.

The committee recommended the following :—That the tender of Mr. T. Norman for the supply of glazed stoneware socket pipes be accepted, the quantity re- quired being as follows :—About 80 yards of 15 inch pipes; about 300 yards of 12 inch pipes • about 400 yards of 9 inch pipes. That the tender of Messrs. H. Heys and Co., for the supply of 2,000 superficial yards of 3 " Haslingden flags 1,000 lineal yards of 12" by 5 " Flaslingden curbs, 1,000 lineal yard of 12 "by 6" Has- lingdeu channels, and 350 tons of Haslingden cube setts, be accepted ; that the tender of Messrs. Brooks and Brooks for the supply of 2,000 superficial yards of 3" Haslingden figs, 1.000 lineal yards of 12" by 5" Has- linden curb,.l.ooo lineal yards of 12 "by 6" liaslingden chanels and 350 tong of Ilaslingden cube setts,be accepted; that the tender of Messrs. Kneeshaw, Lupton and Co. for the supply of 2,000 tons of broken stene for road metal be accepted ; e.. 150 that application be made to the Local Gorernment Board for their sanction to s loan of £l3O for 15 years for the purchase of a horse,water cart, and tumbler ear:. _

The Health Committee's minutes were read as follows: —That a horse be purchased from Messrs. G. and J.Per- cival, Aston, for the night soil department ; that a memorial be presented to the Local Government Board objecting to the proposed scheme for the formation of a rort Sanitary Authority for the Port of Manchester, and that the seal of the Council he affixed to such memorial ; that the tender of Mr. E. Greg ry for the supply of pro- vender for the next six months he accepted ; that the tender of Messrs. J. Stubbs and S ms for the supply of 18 new hatches for the night soil boat " Bat " be accepted subject to the carlins being of ash cut out of self grown timber ; that the teader of Mr. J. S2fton far the erection of sheds at the !oat House Inn he accepted. MAIIIIETS AND CEMETERY COMMITTEE. This committee recommended that the tender of Mr. H. A. Rhodes for the repairing of the clock At the ceme- tery be accepted; that the tender of Mr. J. Sefton for the repair of the spire at the Cmnetery Ctiap.:l Lai sr- cepted subject to the price named in tender including cost of erection of scaffolding; and that a supplementary precept be served on the overseers of the poor tor £25 , to cover the cost of repairing the chapel spire.

FINANCE COMMITTEE. This Committee recommended with respect to the as- sessment and levying of the general district rate for the year ending 31st March, 1897, that the owner instead of occupier be rated under the provision of S-ction 211 of the Public Health Act, 1875, where the rateable value of any premises liable to Assessment does not exceed the sum of £lO, and that he be assessed on a reduced estimate of three-fourths of the net annual value of such property ; and that the sun of £2BB 19s. sd. for emp- ties, &c., be written off in respect of the second instal- ment of the general district rate. THE MURDER OF A WARRINGTON WOMAN.

ACCUSED CHARGED WITH THEFT. At Manchester City Sessions on Monday, before the Recorder,Sir J. F. Lees,e, Q.C., M.P., Samuel Wilkinson, 48, gardener, was charged with stealing two bottlea of whisky and a cap from a golf club pavilion at Rusholme. He pl3aded guilty.—lt was stated that the prisoner had been committed,and is at present awaiting his trial, for murder,at Nottingham.—The Recorder said he was un- willing to make the position of the man more terrib' e than it already was. He under3tood that he was to take his trial for the crime of murder, committed at Notting- ham on the 18th July, and for the present offence he would be sentenced to imprisonment until that date.— Wilkinson made no reply, and during his short stay in the dock bore himself very firmly.

Cocoa is more than a mere timulating and re'reshing drink, it is also a nut riti us fool, and one of the mast prec bus gifts of nature—sustairting and invigorat.ng the system pribably more than any other beverage. The Lancet refers to Cadbury's Cocoa as •• the standard of highest purity at pre,atit attainable in regard to Cocoa." No alkalies used. —.Advt. 1

===== 0002601_18960404_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND 'arIDNES.

RUNCORN DISTRICT NURSE. The district nurse reports that during the period be- tween February 24th and March 24th her number of visits to cases was 146, and her ocnasional visits 78, making a total of 224. LANTERN ENTERTAINMENT AT RUNCORN. The last of a series of lantern lectures was given to the scholars attending the Victoria-road Board Schools on Weinesday night. The slides were kindly lent by Mr. Robinson, manager of the United Alkali Works. Mr. Walton, the headmaster, gave a lecture which was very much appreciated. The lantern was manipulated by Mr. T. Bowyer. The whole of the series have been well attended. PRESENTATION AT RUNCORN.

On Sunday -ai-t—e-rnOO-iit'St. Michael's Church school- room, the Rev. H. C. Moyle presented a silver-plated teapot to Miss Waterworth who is about to be married. The presentation was made on beha.f of the girls' school teachers with well chosen words. He regretted that they were about to lose a good teacher whose services during the past four years had been thoroughly appreciated. The subscribers hoped that she would live a long,happy, and useful life. Miss Waterworth briefly responded.

For NAMII BROOOHBI3, solid silverj name brooches 101 d, (any name) Government stamped, Presents or Articles for yourself, you may visit DI3I3IIIIT'S, 10. CHURCH-STRBIIT, LIVIIRPOOL, where you can get hundreds of articles such as Watches, Clocks, Jewellery, Klectro-Plate, Cutlery, Purses, Pocket Knives, etc.. at wholesale prices. See advertisement (Illustrated Chron- graph Watch, 61. Ild., etc.), on page 7_ f this Paper. -Acing PROPOSBD NEW GENERAL DISTRICT R&M On Tuesday evening several committee meetings of the Runcorn Urban District Council were held to con- sider the estimates for the coming half-year. When this had been done the estimates were referred to the Finance Committee who found that to meet them a general dis- trict rate of 2s. 11d, in the £ would be required. It was resolved to recommend this to the Council for adoption at their meeting to be held this (Thursday) morning. The rate for the corresponding period last year was 2s. 9d. in,the £. RIINC\JRN CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR SOCIETIES. On Wedn Iday evening a meeting of members of the Societies of ;7.hristian Endeavour at the Primitive Metho- dist Chapel,the Bethesda Congregational Church,and the Methodist Free Church, Ellesmere-st., was held in the new school in Greenway-road. The chair was occupied by Mr. Richardson. Addresses were given by Miss Wright and others. Afterwards the visitors were supplied with light refreshments by the Primitive Methodist Society, and the proceedings for the remainder of the evening were of a social character. RUNCORN WOMEN'S TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATION. One of a series of concerts was held on Saturday in , the Brunner Guild Hall under the auspices of the above society. The programme was made up of songs by Misses Withington, Hayes, Johnson, Bradshaw, Taylor, Harrop,and Leathwood, and Mr. Parry, and recitations by Misses Baker, and Harrison. Other items were a duet by Miss A. Jones and Mr. A.. Morris,and a quartette was well rendered by the Misses A. Jones and Carter, and Messrs. Morris,and Pendlebury. The programme concluded with a dialogue in which Miss Aldridge, Savage,and Mort took part. Miss Baker officiated as ac- companist. NARROW ESCAPE FROM DROWNING AT RUNCORN.—ti

PLUCKY RESCUE.

On Sunday afternoon, two children named Betley re- siding in Wellington-st., Runcorn, were playing by the canal aide at the "Top Locks" when they both fell in the water. Their position was extremely perilous when a bystander in the person of Josoph Rinford plunged into the water and brought the children safely to the bank. There was a large crowd on the canal bank for some time, and the affair caused great excitement. The rescuer deserves every credit for his plucky dive. But for his assistance the children would certainly have been drowned. STREET ACCIDIINT AT RUNCORN.

A rather serious street accident took place an Friday afternoon, when a boy named Peter Daniels, of 43, Rut- land-street, was seriously injured by a cart which ran over him. The scholars were just leavine school and the boy named in crossing Bridge- itreet was knocked down by a cart. The lad was carried into the police station and first aid was promptly rendered by Superintendent Okell. Dr. McDougall was called in and after examina- tion had the lad conveyed home on the St. John's ambul- ance carriage. He was afterwards placed under the care of Dr. Robinson, and up to the time of writing he remained in a serious condition. TSB RUNCORN DISTRICT NURSING FUND. It will no doubt be remembered that when Miss Pier. point gave an entertainment a few months ago the re- ceipts were devoted to local charities and out of the pro- ceeds a sum of £lO was contributed to the Runcorn District Nurses Fund on the condition that it should be utilised for sending children out of town in cases where a change of air was considered necessary. It will be interesting to note that Nurse 13uckenham has made the first call upon the fund on behalf of James Ankers, aged ten years of 42, Loch-street, and tn boy is to be sent to the West Kirby Convalescent Home for a period of four weeks. The little fellow has suffered from hip disease for something like two years and has been for 13 months under the care of Dr. Murray of the Child- ren's Hospital, Liverpool. PREiENTATION TO A RUNCORN MANAGER. On Monday evening the staff and workmen of the Australian Main Company pro ented a handsome time- piece, Malacca cane, and illuminated address to Mr. William McCulloch, who has resigned his position as manager of the works. Mr.McCulloch came to the works five years ago to superintend the erection of machinery, and on the completion of that work remained as fore- ' man, and for the past twelve months as manager. His kindly disposition has won him the esteem of all with whom he came in contact, and he will leave behind him many friends. The presentation was made by Mr. D. Edwards (foreman), and Mr. J. Gaze (workman), who made a few appropriate remarks. The timepiece and cane bore a suitable inscription, and the address read as follows :—" Presented to William McCulloch, by the workmen of the Australian Alum Co., Runcorn, as a token of their respect and e,teem which he has won by the kindness and consideration he has always extended towards them during the period he has been connected with the works (latterly as manager) ; and they trust that he will accept the accompanying timepiece with their heartfelt wishes for his future welfare. (Signed) James Gazes, hon. secretary.—Mr. McCulloch said he could not express his appreciation of their gifts in words. He felt he was leaving friends behind him, who would occupy:a warm place in his heart. SUCCESS OF A RUNCORN ENGINEER IN QUEENSLAND. From time to time referenees have been made in the columns of the " Examiner " to the successful career of Mr. W. Wilson Litler in Rockhampton, Queensland. About five years ago Mr. Litter received an invitation from the ratepayers of Rockhampton to allow himself to be nominated on the City Council and at the election he defeated an older resident of the town who was also an ex-mayor. Since then Mr. Litter has filled the positio of alderman of the Council for three years and to that position he was re-elected on February Bth of this year. The week following the Council conferred upon him the highest honour at their disposal by electing him mayor. In Runcorn Mr.Litler's family connection will be known by most of the residents in the town. He is the son—the enly one—of Mr. Joseoh Litter, so well known as manager of the Runcorn dockyards of the Manchester Ship Canal. It was with his father that Mr. Litter served his apprenticehip its the service of the Bridgewater Canal Co. Shortly after the comple- tion ot his apprenticeship Mr. Litler migrated to Queens- land 13 years ago. In business there, he has met with considerable success. He established a foundry and en- gineering firm, known as Messrs. Litler and Bruce, very soon after arrival and it speedily attained success, and is well known in Queensland. It only remains to be said that Rockhampton is the most important city in central Queensland, and the hoeour of filling the Mayoral chair is no mean one,and the attaining of that honour stamps Mr. Litler as a man whom Runcorn may well be proud of.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAII.

UNION CHURCH.—A pleasant meeting was held at the Union Church on Sunday afternoon. The programme comprised addresses by the Chairman (Mr. Charles E. Linaker, F. 5.1.), and Mr. Hickman, of Warrington. Miss J. S. Linaker contributed several vocal solos in a satis- factory manner. The Frodsham Volunteer Band was in attendance, and rendered a selection which was greatly enjoyed. There was a large attendance of members and friends, the chapel and schoolroom being filled. THE ANNUAL PARISH MEETING.—This meeting was held on Monday evening in the court-room, Frodsham, when Mr. H. E. Heywood presided. Mr. T. Riley in- quired whether the late gas inspectors had submitted their last account, as had been promised, and this not having been done it was decided that such account be asked for.—Mr. P. Riley asked whether the minutes of the ratepayers' meeting which was held in the Church- street School some months ago had ever been submitted for confirmation,whereupon the Clerk stated that such had not been done, but the Chairman who had presided had certified them correct, and it was the view of the Chairman presiding that it was not necessary to produce them at the present meeting.—Mr. T. Riley inquired whether there were any charities which the Parish Coun- cil of Frodsham could deal with, when the Chairman stated that there were none to his knowledge.—Mr. Ed- wards remarked that a good many of them" were lost to sieht and mem'ry dear."' BILLIARDS.—On Monday evening the return match took place at Frodsham Conservative Club, between seven members of that club and a similar number from the Runcorn Volunteer Social Club. The latter won the match by six games to one, and with a majority of 210 points.

D) IRDS, AN! %TABS and FBH STIJFF RD, and mounted lin Glass Cases of any design. HEADS and HORNS mounted, Also for Sale. Birds made into Hand Screens or Fire Screens. Deal,a. in British and Foreign Birds and Animals Skins, Glass Sliads. Stigs' He ids. Cabinets Store Boxes. Nets, &c., for Butterfly and Egg Collectors,—B. CooKE, Naturalist end Furrier, 21, Reushaw-street, Liverpool. Estat4lished over 21 years.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The fortnightly meeting of this Council was held at the Workhouse, Dutton, on Tuesday afternoon. Present: Messrs. J. Mclntyre (chairman), H. E. Heywood, S. Woodward, C. Roylance, E. Aaron, T. Wright, J. Knowles, T Baxter, C.C., J. Brandreth, C. W. Davenport, S. Woodward, J. M. Williams, J. Parr, W. Bradford, W. Darlington and J. Weir; Mr. AAhton (clerk), Mr. G. Ashton (deputy clerk), Messrs. Diggle and Swinton, surveyors, and Dr. Adams, medical officer of tealth.

MANCHESTER PORT SANITARZ AUTHORITY. A letter dated March 30th from Mr. S. B. Provis, assistant sezretary to the Local Government Board, was read as follows :—I am directed by the Local Govern- ment Board to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 25th inst., with reference to the proposed order for thP permanent constitution of a Port Sanitary Authority for the Port of Manchester and to state that the Board I have fully considered the representations made by the 1 Rural District Council of Runcorn at the enquiry recently i held at Manchester by their Inspector, Dr. Barry, but have not felt justified in deferring the issue of the order, having regard to the time which must elapse before the order becomes provisional in the event of objection being made to it, and to the period within which the Bill for the comfirmation of a provisional order must be intro- duced into Parliament if the order is to be confirmed during the present session. Mr. Heywood considered that the matter was of great importance to them as a council. The estimated ex- penditure of the authority would be about £l,BOO a year and they would have one twentieth to find.—lt was a serious matter for them as a Rural District Council and in his opinion they would receive no benefit whatever. It would be still more serious for the Runcorn Urban District Council, for on their rateable value it would mean lfd. in the £, the authority was thrust upon them by the corporations of Manchester and Salford, and he thought they ought to protest against it.—Mr. Williams was in favour of the memorial of protest previously agreed upon going forward. Mr. Aaron seconded, and the resolution was: carried. It was decided to affix the seal of the board as SOOII as possible.

WEbTON SEWERS.

Mr. F. A. Lake, law clerk to the Runcorn Urban Dis- trict Council, wrote as follows :—" The correspondence between Mr. Diggle, yourself, and Mr. Wilding, our Sur- veyor en the above matter was considered by my com- mittee this morning. lam instructed to call your atten- tion to the fact that there has already been a breach of the agreement of the Bth January,lBBs,by the extension of your sewer beyond the limits therein referred to. My clients have no desire to do anything unneighbourly. and therefore by coming to any decision as to terminat- ing the said agreement or otherwise would be obliged if you will supply them with a plan showing the extent ef the proposed extension of the sewer beyond the point shown on the plan annexed to the agreement—the el- tent of the district it is proposed to drain by means of it both in the present and future, and the number of houses therein. On receipt of this information my clients will be in a position to consider any proposals your council may have to make with a view to some new arrangement, which my clients are of opinion will be necessary, and should be settled within the next three months. It was decided to provide the plans desired. THE ALLEGED NUISANCE AT FRODSRAM STATION. With reference to the above alleged nuisance at Frodsham Station, Mr. C. E. Linaker wrote saying that the provision the Railway Company bad hitherto adopted had not resulted in abating the nuisance in the slightest degree. He had frequently known the carting of bones to go on all day long. He hoped the Council would not let this matter rest, but would compel the company to make other provisions for the trafficin order to give Mr. Mason (of the Railway Company) more information than he appeared to get from his officials, he would send to the Clerk of the Council each week the number of trucks which arrived and the time they welt, cleared. In conclusion, Mr. Linaker inquired if he would strengthen the hands of the Counzil if be got two medical men of Frodsham to certify that the nuisance as it existed was injurious to health. Mr.Hadfleld,of Liverpool,writing on the same subject, sharacterised the proceedings of the Railway Company of giving notice and taking the trucks to Helsby, as absurd, as they were non•effective. He was now in consultation with his lawyers as to compelling either.the Council or the Railway Company to seek a proper re- medy by way of a siding to abate the nuisance. It vas moved and seconded and carried that the clerk send a copy of the letters to Mr. Mason. The Clerk was also authorised to communicate with Mr. Linaker to see the medical gentlemen of the distrizt and get them to give Dr. Adams their opinion as to whether the alleged nuisance was injurious to health. THE HRA.LTH OF THE DISTRICT.

Dr. Adams in his report said there had been one case of scarlet fever at Norley, three at Frodsfiam Bridge, nne at Sntton, one at Daresbury, and one at "Five Crosses." There had been a case of typhoid fever at Frodsham.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
11113 SHIP CANAL BILL.

At a meeting of the Parliamentary Committee held In the Clerk's Office, Runcorn, on the previous Friday, Mr. Beloe, engineer, explained fully the position in which the Council would be placed in the event of this Bill now before Parliament passing into an Act, when it was re- solved that evidenca be prepared in support of the peti- tion against the Bill, and that the Clerk be instructed to prepare such evidence, and if he should deism it neces- sary so to do to proceed to London and confer with his Parliamentiry agents, and also to lay the matter before the Local Government Board and explain the position and what might result from the Bill becoming law. This was all the business of public iuterest.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of this Board was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday. Present: Mr. J. Knowles (chairman), the Revs. Dr. Gastaldi, and J. Simpson, Messrs. S. Taylor, J.P., C.C., A. R. Norman, T. Lea, and S. Yarwood, tog.Yether with the members of the Runcorn Rural District Council, Mr. Ashton (clerk), and Mr. G. Ashton (deputy clerk).

===== 0002601_18960404_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FREE TRADE QUESTION.

A letter was read from the Whitchurch Union enclos- ing a ccpy of a petition which thoy had caused to be presented to the House of Commons pointing out the in- jurious effect of uarestricted foreign competition on trade and agriculture,and urgiag that the present fiscal system of the country was largely responsible for the continued depression and distress. They asked the Board to pass a similar oetition.—Mr. Hey- worla proposed that the petition be signed. —Mr. Aaron seconded the resolution.—Dr. Gastaldi supported, and hoped that those goods made in Germany' would soon be taxed.—Mr.Woodward proposed as an amendment that the letter lie on the table. The question of free trade wa., too wide for the Board to go into that day.—Mr. %Villains seconded.—On the matter being put to a vote only two voted for the amendment and the original resolution was declared carried. THE CLERK'S REMUNERATION FOR ASSESSMENT COMMITTEE WORK.

Mr. Heywood reported that the Assessment Commit- tee had held a meeting that morning aril recommended that the guardians pay the clerk £lOO per annual for his services as clerk to the Assessment Committee. The salary previously had been £B5 and in recommend- ing the increase the committee had taken into consider- ation that three new towcships had been added to the Union, and also that during the whole time Mr. Ashton had been clerk there had been no law expenses. In the past when there had been extra work the committee had granted extra renumeration and last year he was paid £5O. On the present occasion the committee recom- mended that the clerk be paid £2O for extra work.— Mr. Aaron seconded the adoption of the recommendation. Mr. Ashton had done a great deal of work and the amount of £l2O was less than it had been for 20 years. —Mr. Woodward pointed out that in the previous year the committee recommended a sum of £135. so that the amount recommended this year was £l5 less.—The Chairman informed the Council that the average amount paid had been £145 a year.—The recommendation was unanimously accepted.

PAUPER BURIALS.

On the motion of Mr. T. Wright, seconded by Mr. Lea it was decided to provide shro ds for corpses of outdoor paupers.

A QUESTION OF TENDERS.

- - The Clerk pointed out, that the tender of Messrs. Yarwood Bros., which was accepted at the last meeting for the conveyance of paupers from Weston to Runcorn. 1 to the asylum and to the House, did not include convey- ance of boxes to the House on Board days. This lattor work has been done for 6s. each journey for the past 10 or 15 years. He did not know whether the Board were aware that the highest tender had been accepted as the following show2d :—For funerals: Yarwood Bros. 83., Booth and Sons, 7s. 6.1. ; conveyance of paupers to Chester Asylum, Yarwood Bros. 183., Booth and Sons 17s. ; conveyance of paupers to Dutton Workhouse, Yar- wood Bros. 55., Booth and Sons 4s. ; for conveyance of books to the workhouse, Booth and Sons ss. 61., Yarwood Bros. did not tender. The Clerk pointed out that the Board were not bound to accept the lowest tender and they were quite justified in accepting the tender of Messrs. Yarwood, but it did not include the cartage of books.—Mr. Lea said he thought the cartage of books was a private arrangement with Mr. Ashton. He explained that the reason that the committee accepted Messrs. Yarwood Bros. tender was that at the previous half year Messrs. Yarwood broueht down the tender of Messrs. Booth for funerals from 14s. to &I.—Mr. Roylance said at the last meeting there was such a large ainouut of business that the tenders were gone diroilli in a very hurried manner. (Mr. Hey- wood: "Question.'") There .was no question about it.— After a short further discussion a resolution was passed giving the contract for the cartage of books to Messrs. Boeth and Sons, for 5 4. 61. per journey.

rt.rTs",-; MkonsEs, Hand £2. 18s. 6d. Ireadlo £4 4s. Hous:.HOLD LINENS, hemmed a:A marked free of charge. . and N. DUTTON, 6,..nkey-street, Warrington. —Ada

PARISH COUNCIL ELECTIONS.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN 'URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL

ELECTION.

RESULT OF THE POLL.

On Saturday the poll was taken in the three wards in which there were contests for the vacant seats on the Runcorn Urban District Council. Throughout the con- test little or no interest has been evinced in the elec- tions and the fact was conclusively proved by the poll- ing on Saturday when only about half of the electors ex- ercised their right of recording their votes. The candi- dates in Bridgewater Ward were Dr. McKenzie who sought re-election, ana Mr. W. Handley who had occu- pied a seat on the old Board of Commissioners. The voting was from twelve o'clock at noon to 8 p.m. and the Bridgewater booths were situated at the National Schools, Church-street, number 1, being, in charge of Mr. James Wilding, with Mr. Austin as poll clerk, and number 2 was in charge of Mr. Marshall with Mr. Nall as clerk. The number of electors for this ward, is 645 out of which 301 went to the poll. In Mersey Ward the fight lay between Mr. J.llorefleld and Mr. Charles Dutton, both of these gentlemen having never enjoyed public honours. The polling booths were situated at Holy Trinity Schools. No. 1, being in charge of Mr. W. Jones, with Mr. W. Howard as clerk, and No. 2, in the charge of Me. J. Nickson, with Mr. Pearson as cleric. The electorate numbers 596, out of which 312, recorded their votes three of which, at the count were found to be spoiled. In the Halton Ward, Mr. F. Wiswall the retiring mem- ber, was opposed by Mr. E. Gatley, secretary of the Waterman's Association. The ward numbers 420 elec- tors, but only 259 took the trouble to give their votes. The polling booth was at Mill Brow, and Mr. J. D. Jones presided with Mr. G. S. Orme as clerk. The polling in all the wards was very slow and the officials were not heavily pressed. Counting was com- menced at Halton Ward by Mr. Lake and shortly after 8 o'clock he was able to announce the result as follows

HALTON WARD.

Mr. Wiswall Mr. Gatley

Majority At the next ward Mr. Lake found everything ready and the work was carried out expeditiously. The fol- lowing is the re3ult of the

MERSEY WARD.

Mr. Horsefield Mr. Dutton

Majority 153 The last poll was declared before nine o'clock, and the following figures were announced for the

B R IDGRWATER WARD.

Mr. W. Handley Dr. McKenzie

Majority At each polling station, votes of thanks were accorded to the returning officers and the officials.

WESTON PARISH COUNCIL.

RESUME OF THE YEAR'S WORK.

Weston Parish meeting was held on Friday evening in the Church schoolroom, and was largely attended. On the motion of Mr. Guest, seconded by Mr. Vose, Mr. Sill, was appointed chairman. In opening the proceedings, the Chairman said the business done by the Parish Council last year was not much, but they had been feeling their way in a quiet :nanner. They had not rushed to do great things, but they had done several little pieces of work for the good of the pariel. In the first place,there arose the question of the water supply. The Runcorn Waterworks Com- pany were bound by Act of Parliament to give Weston a supply of water. The undertaking was recently taken over by the Runcorn Urban authority,l and last year the residents of Weston had grave cause for complaints. The Parish Council wrote to the Runcorn Council and the consequence had been that since then the parish had had a very 'good supply, and during the latter mentbs of the year they had had no cause for complaint. Another matter taken up was that of the state of the roads at Weston Point. It was under discussion by the Highway Board for a number c f years but there was evidently some block in the way. The sub- ject was brouaht before the Parish Council, and owing to the representations they made to the District Coun- cil, arranaements were now being mad,: for an improved road at Weston Point, and he believed also for better sewerage arrangements. They had also been going in for deposit for niat t soil. The Council held several meetings, and met a deputation of the District Council on that subject. An arrangement was come to, and when it had received the consent of the Local Govern- ment Board, the work would be carried out and a sanit- ary want in the parish would have been provided. No one in the parish had made an application for allotments. If some one had done so it weuld have been the duty of the Council to consider the application.

THE ORRED CHARITY.

The statement of accounts of this charity showed that the amount received was £2B 2. Of this £27 Os. 6d. was distriblted in doles, and after meeting other expenses there was a balance in hand of 163. 61 —Mr. Ball said according to the Act the names of the recipients should be issued.—The Chairman said the Council agreed last year to publish the names in the post offices at Weston Point and Weston. He did not hink it would be fair to read the names of the rec:pients at that meeting. He pointed out that the Parish Council would have the privilege of appointing one trustee for the charity, and the Vicar another. The Council had approached the Charity Commissioners on the subject but up to the present they had net received a reply.—ln reply to a question by Mr. Somerville, the Chairman ' said he had not got a list of the beneficiaries of the charity. Mr. Somerville then moved that the trustee of I the charity be asked to furnish a list of the recipients to the parish meeting. This was seconded and carried. 4.,

AN ILLEGALITY AT TEIE LAST MEETING.

The Chairman read a letter from Mr. Somerville stat- ing that he would move at the next meeting the follow- ing resolution :—" That the Clerk of the Parish Council on behalf of this meeting do forthwith apply to the County Council of Cheshire for an order calling a parish meeting in lieu of the parish meeting for Weston Ward held on the 9th inst., on the ground that such meeting held on the 9th inst. did not comply with the Local Government Act, 1894, inasmuch as the Chairman at such meeting was and is not a parochial elec- tor, and therefore ineligible to act as chairman,and that this resolution be communicated by the Clerk of the Parish Cpuncil to the returning officer."—The Chairman said after carefully studying the communication he ' ruled it out of order. It was a question which tho parish meeting had nothing to do with. The responsibility of deciding whether the last parish eeting was legal or illegal was in the hands of the returning officer. The onus was thrown upon him,and if after the electicn any person felt himself aggrieved he could on his own res- ponsibility and expense petition against the return of the members of the Council. The returning officer had written as follows on the question : "Dear Sir,—Parish Council Election. In reply to your inquiry I consider that Article 13 of the second Schedule of the Parish Council Election Order 1896 pro- vides for the case you have submitted to nse, and that the election cannot be declared invalid by reason of non• compliance with Article 3 of the said order."—Contiou- ing the Chairman said those who were present at the last meeting referred to. knew it was conducted in com- pliance with the act.—Mr.Somerville contended that the last meeting did not cnmplv with the act,and was,there- fore illegal.—The Clerk (Mr. Collier), admitted that he was a little in error in not taking the chair himself.— The subject then dropped, and the meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the Chairman.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOW THIS TO SOME WOMAN.

I will send a valuable. instructive, and highly interestinc hook which eve-y woman would be glad to have Contains important and confidential advice zml. tells 1.)0:h married and single how to keep healthy and avoid the anxieties Fco dstressin to the sex. Sent free, securely sealed, for one stamp to cover postage. Annngss Professor E. LaSs.LLE, Carb rlon Hois arburton Street, London. W

===== 0002601_18960404_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
21bbtrtiamtnt6 not elaostfteb.

EGGS • FOR SITTING from best and prize strains of Minorcas, Leghorns. Orpingtons and 2lyrnouth Rocks- Winners in each pen. Birds carefully selected throughout. Price3s. 6d., carriage paid 4s. First Cross 21, 6d. Unfertiles replaced if returned.—C. TURNER, Black Brook-lane, Fearn- head, Warrington.

WANTED COOK-GENERAL for Southport. family of two. Good wages given to suitable trustworthy per- son. Age 25 ta DIMELOW, 91, Bewsey-road, Warrington.

rfIWO LADIES require respectable PERS° N as Useful 1 Help. Middle-aged person or widow not objected to. Small salary but very comfortable home ; as one of tamily.— Apply Mrs. BEEBY, 16, Princes-et., Rhyl.

ROUEN DUCK'S EGGS for sale, large size and prize bred, from Wakefield and Bygott's strain, 3s. 6d. for 12.--J. QUENBY, Wilstead, Bedford.

iT. GEORGE'S HALL. LIVHIIPOOL.

GRAND MONSTRE BAZAAR AND

FANCY FETE,

IN AID OF THE LIVERPOOL DIOCESAN AUXILIARY OF THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND SOCIETY FOR WAIFS AND STRAYS.

OPENING CEREMONY, TUESDAY, 14TH INST., AT TWO O'CLOCK, BY THE LADY MAYORESS OF LIVERPOOL (THE COUNTESS OF DEHBY), 0121 Who will be accompanied by the LORD MAYOR. Following days : WEDNESDAY, the 15th lust., at Twelve o'clock, BY THE COUNTESS OF LATHOhi. THURSDAY, the 16th inst. at Twelve o'clock, BY THE LADY inst.. FRIDAY, the 17th inst., at Twelve o'clock, BY LADY FORWOOD (of Gateaare). The doors will be opened each day half-an-hour previous to the opening ceremony. BAND OF THE ROYAL WELCH FUSILIERS. ENDLESS AMUSEMENTS AND ATTRACTIONS. THEATRICAL ENTERTAINMENTS, MUSICAL TEAS,

&c.. &c.

/tot Dinners and Luncheons will be provided at a moderate charge. Arravgements have been made with the Railway Com- oanies for specially redwed fares on produation of Admission Tickets to the Bazaar. Admission Season Tickets, 3s. 6d. First day up to Five o'clock by Season Ticket only. After Five, is. Wednesday. Thursday, and Friday, is. Season Tickets and Reserved Seats to view the opening Ceremony may be obtained at the Society's Office, 12, Adelphi Bank-chambers. Liverpool; or from Mrs. Royce, Church House, Newton-le-Willows, or Rev. J. M. Courtenay, Holy Trinity Vicarage, St. Helens. NoTE.—The proceeds of the Bazaar will be applied exclu- sively to Liverpool Diocesan purposes.

.. PURE LANGSHAN IiGGS, Croad's strain, 2s. 64. for 13. Mr. DISIIWoon, Wansford, Northamptonshire.

WANTED. thorouvh good GENERAL, used to plain cooking; good character.—Appiy Mrs. DOITTIIWAITE, 24, Barlow Moor-road, Chorlton-cam-iiardv, Manchester.

RUNCORN COUNCIL ELECTION. BRIDGEWAIRR WARD.

LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,- To onerand all—electors, workers, wellwishers— grateful thankB.ll2lllope to -show that your confidence in electing me has not been misplaced. Faithfully yours, WILLIAM HANDLEY.

WANTED Assiatmt or ,Certificated. Standards I. and It. £47 103.—Apply MiADMASTER, Heady Hill School, Heywood.

DIGS.—R. D. GAURA.TT, Barton, An- pthin, Beds, cars I deliver. Splendid growers and stores of all description cheap now.

_ LLANDUDNO, near Golf Links, APARTIMINTS—E. MEATRIN, Belvidere, West Parade.

RAMSBY. ISLB OF MAN, Mona Ville, first-class Boarding Establishment, facing sea ; near pier; tennis courts. golf, &c. Tabled Hots 7. Tariff.

deaths BEssoa.—On the 29th ult., Anne Benson. widow, of the late William Benson, of Warrington, aged 75. No Cards or Flowers. fIBATH-ROAD, PUNKRTH.—House to Let, three bed- rooms, 4s. 6d.. clear.—Apply JAMES MILLIXGTON.

rj R. WHITFIELD'S High-class BLACK MINORCAS ; Pen includes Ist Derby, 2nd Ilkeston 2nd Mid- England. 3rd Cheltenham, and own sister V) let and Cup. Palace. EGGS, is. 6d. per sitting.—Elford, Tamworth.

'TRINITY COLLEGH, HARILOGATE.—HEADMASTER 1. Mr. J. P. HUGHES. The College built for acholaste purposes is replete with modern apnlianaes ; gymnasium. swimming bath, cricket and football fields. Thorough train- ing for Professional and Mercantile purposes. Special atten- tion to backward and delicate boys. Good Table. Terms moderate. Neat Term begins May 4th, 1896.

JAMES. HORTON,

139, SANKRY-STRERT, WARRINGTON.

PARK MACHINE BAKERY

===== 0002601_18960404_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR THE MANUFACTURE OF

PURE BREAD AND CONFECTIONERY.

THE BAKERY is fitted up on the improved Hygienic Principles in Ovens and Machinery.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL GOODS SOLD ARH MADE ON THE

PREMISE 3.

HOVI3 BRasi.D AND BISCUITS'.

AIVA.RD AND DIPLOMA FOR PURITY AND

RXCHLLSNCE.

JAMES ILRTON,

PARK MACHINE BAKERY,

IZ9, SANICITY-STRIOT,

WARRINGTON.

CAMEL-HAIR BEL TING. —REDDAWAY v. BANHAM IN THRIIIJCISE OF LORDS, MARCH 26TFI, 1898. BY JUDGMENT delivered this day their Lordships unanimously reversed the deciaion of the Court of Appeal and comfirmed the findings of the jury on the trial of the Action. The questions left to the Jury and their answers thereto were as follows : Q. " Does ' Camel-hair Belting' mean beltinr. made tiv the Plaintiffs as distinguished from belting - made by any other manufacturers ?"—A. "YES." Q. "Or doeslit mean belting of a particular kind without reference to any particular maker ?"—A.. "NO."

Q. "Do the Defendants so describe their belting. as to be likely to mislead purchasers and to lead them to buy the Defendants' belting as aud for the belting of the Plaintiffs ?"—A. "YES." Q. "Did the Defendants endeavour to pass off their gaok-ls as and for the goods of the Plaintiff, so as to be likely as to deceive purchasers ?".—A. " YES." Their Lordships ordered a Perpetual Injunction, and that the Defendants should pay the costs of the Action' and Appeals.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
CAUTION :-CAMEL-FIAIR BELTING

Mesqrs. REDDAWAY, MANCRESTEII, having con- tinuously since the year 1879 applied the term "Camel flair" to Belting, such belting having acquired a world- wide reputation, and under that term becon univer- sally known as the exclusive manufacture of 7,i,sers. F. Reddaway and C'moany, certain uriscrup,,),„, have recently adopted that term to endc,tvnur to pass off their belting ;I:; the bOting of Mears. Rerldawav and C,inpany. 7urrilia;,,rs and users are warned aeainst this fraud, And 9re quested to gire information to the undersigned as to sti:c eases of deception within their. knowledge

A. MACDONALD BLAIR, 5, S. J:rnes' slanr!.hest,r. -.;011(..,it0r to F. Iteddaskay, & Co., Li.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
IW

RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

APRIL. PROM WARRINUTON TO

Acton Bridge-7 10,7 35, 828, 1045, 1 GO, 2 35, 5 15, 535 '7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Altnr and Ilillhouse-7 12,8 31,a1l 15,1 14.a3 15,a 4 0, a 6 t 9 Sun lays 9 35, 2 5,8 50. a Stops if requirea. Birmingham (L & N.-11r.)a3 23,7 10,7 35,9 50,10 45,12 0,1 50, 5 15, 7 20, 11 35. Sundays 30. 10 15, 4 2C, 11 35, aMoudays only.

--I.3.l;.mingham (Midland)-6 14. 9 32, 11 55, 12 55, 3 20, 50, 5, 11 52. Sundays 11 45, 4 25, 515 p.m. Blackburn -237, 5 29, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 12 25, 2 25, 445 6 14,8 47 10 2. Sundays 843. 6 0. Blackpool-5 20, b 45, 8 35, 9 55, 11 40, 12 25, 225, .45. 6 14, 117, 847, 10 2. Sundays 237, 8 43. 6 0. Bolton-5 45, 8 -iS 9 19.10 0, 10 40.1 15, 3 20,4 21, 6 25, 95, Sundays 843 a.m., 5 0,7 47. p.m. Carlisle-2 37, 5 20, 5 45, 9 55, 11 40, 2 25, 3 48. Sundays 237,335 Chester-7 42.9 5,10 23,12 7,12 15,1 40,1 52,3 13, 4 22, 511, 64. 7 42, 1014, 11 32. Sunday:4B 44 a.m. 7 45,11 32. bArpley. Collins Green-7 10. 8 20. 10 5, 12 7, 1 15, 3 30, 3 48, 50, 6 20, 78, 9 25, 10 20. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crewe-a3 0, b 3 23, 710. *7 35 , 8 28, 950, 10 45, 12 0, 150, 235. 3 20, 5 15, 720, 11 35. Sundays 30, 10 15, 4 20, 1135. aMondays excepted. Olondays only. Daresbnry-7 42, 95. 12 15, 1 52. 3 13, 5 11, 6 4, 742, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. Derby (Midland)-6 14, 9 59, 11 55, 12 55, 320, 50,11 53 Sundays 11 45 a.m., 4 25 p.m. Barlestow n-5 47.7 10,8 25,8 35,9.25,10 5.10 10, 1020, 10 40, 12 7,12 25. 1 15,3 30,3 48, 5 5, 5 25 6 20,7 8, 9 25, 10 20. Sun- days,7 40,8 35, 8 43,a.m. 4 56,5 0, 7 47,9 45 p.m. Edinburgh-240. 520. 9 55, 11 40, 12 35, 2 25, 348, 10 15 Sundays 2 40 a.m. 9 45 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry ,t Penketh -7 38, 8 25, 9 43, 11 53, 1 55, 3 30, 512, 6 17, 89. 9 43. Sundays 8 43, 2 40. 7 50. Frodsham-7 42, 9 5. 10 23. 12 15, 152. 3 13, 4 22, 5 11, 6 4, 7 42, 10 14. Sundays 844 a.m., 745 p.m. Garston (Clieshit:e 'Lines)-? 12, 7 56, 831. 9 5. 12 '0 15, 2 10. 40. 70, 80, c 9 30, dlO 20. 11 39 Sun- days 90, 9 55, 11 25, 2 39. 7 30, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. cSaturdays excepted. G-lasgow-2 40, 5 20. 9 55, 11 40, 12.35, 2 25, .3 45, 1U ID. Sundays 2 40, a.m. 9 45. Golborne-b 45,7 10.8 35, 1040,12 25, 1 15,3 43, 5 25, 7 17, 925 10 10. Sundays 8 43. 60. Hoagn Ureen--7 12, 7 56,8 31. 95, a 9 30,120, 1 5,2 10.4 0 60, 70, 79, 80, b 9 30, alo 20. Sunday 90, 11 25, 2 39, 7 10, 918. aMondays and Saturdays only bSaturdays excepted. c Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 0, 7 55, 8 14, 70,9 15 Sundays 8 56. 10 12. 3 20, 5 15, 9 35. Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20,? 22, 80,9 0, 9 58, 1049, 12 36. 1 16. 333. 411.518,613.78, a 7 45, R 13, Sundays 8 50, 3 8, 8 18. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 sa, 532. 7 10, 8 20, 8 35, 10 5, 12 7, 1 lb, 3 48, 55,620 7 3, 9 25, 10 20. Sundays 35, 5 30, 8 35, 843, 3 28. 4 56, 60, 9 45. From High Level Platform. aMondays excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 38, 825,9 43, 109, 1153,1 55. 3 30, 5 12,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40,7 50, Liverpool (Cheshire Liues)-a4 35, 5 30, 7 12, 7 56, 8 31, S 50,95, 950, 1024, 10 30, 1050, 11 50, 120, 1250, 12 57, 15. 141,150,210,250,38. 337, 3 50, 4 0, 4 50, 550, 618, .6 50, 70, 750, 80,850.96, 920, 10 15 1046. alllo, 11 39 Sundays 435,5 30. 90. 9 45, 1125. 220, 239, 7 10, 8 30,9 18, 10 18, 10 33. aExcept Mondays. London (L.Bc N.-W.)-a3 0, 0323. 735. 9 50. 10 45, 120 1 50,3 20,5 15, 11 35. Sundays 3 0, 10 15,4 20,11 35 Mondays excepted. bMondays only. London (3lidland)-6 14. 9 59, 1139, 12 55, 3 20, 50, 11 53. Stlndays 11 45 a.m., 4 25 p.m. Lymm-6 29, 7 22, 80, 90, 9 58, 10 49, 12 36.1 16, 3 38, 4 11, 5 18.5 40c 613.7 8. a 7 45.9 13. Sundays 850. 38, 8 13. aSaturdays only. cFrom Arpley Station. cWednesdays and 'Thursdays excepted, Manche r (L. & N.-W.)--2 45, a 3 10, b 4 45, 545, 7 10, 25, 9 19, 10 0, 1040, 124. 1 15, 2 0.3 20, 4 21, 525, 55 7 17,9 5. 10 21 Sundays 3 10. 7 40, 843 a.m.,5 0, 6 20,7 47. From 1-1.3‘.;11 Level Platform. aMondays only, bMondays ex- cepted. Manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-*6 20 7 20, 7 55, 8 57. 9 55, 10 46. 1 14, 3 35. 4 9, 6 10, 7 5, 9 10, 11 40. Sundays 8 46, 3 5, 8 15, 11 40. *From Arpley Station. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 755, 8 14, 8 55, 9 2 955, 1055, 1125, 1155, 1255, 155, 255, 355, 455,555 ' 6 55,7 0, 7 55, 8 12, 8 55, 9 25, 9 55, alOO, all 15, 1150, 1157 a. Sundays 8 56, 9 37, 10 12, 35, 32, 5 15, 7 18, 8 55, 9 22, 9 35, 10 0. aSaturdays only. Middlewicti-7 35, 10 45. 2 35. 5 35, 7 20. Moore-7 35, 1 50,2 35, 535, 7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m.

- Newton-le-Willows-2 45a,3 10c. a 4 45, 5 45,7 10,8 35,9 19, 10 0, 10 40, 12 14, 12 25. 1 15, 3 20, 3 48, 4 21, 5 25, 6 25, 7 17,9 5,9 25,10 10,10 20. Sundays 3 10,7 40. 8 43, a,m., 3 35, 50,6 0, 7 47, 9 45. aMondays only, cUondays excepted. Padgate-7 0, 755,8 14,8 47,10 27, 11 0, 12 27,1 44, 2 17,3 55, 528,7 0, 8 12. 9 15. Sundays 8 56, 10 12, 3 50, 515,9 35. Preston-2 31. 5 29, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 11 4u 12 25, 25, 348, 415, 6 14, 7 17, 847, 102. Sundays, 37, 8 43, 3 35, 60 9 45. Runcorn-7 38,8 25, 9 43, 11 53, 1 65, 3 30, 5 12, 6 17, 80, Sankey (for Penketh)-7 56, 95, 105, 11 0, 12 0, 15, 2 10, 2 58, 40, 5 29. a 6 0. 70.80, a 930, blO 20, 10 46. Sun days 90, 11 25, 2 39, 9 18. aSaturdays excepted. bSatur. days only. (C.L.CA Sheffield (Midland) via Chinlev and Dore Line -8 55, 10 55, 12 27, 155, 46, 6 55. Sundays 5 5 p.m, St. Helens--532, 710,8 29,8 35,10 5, 10 40, 127, 1 15, 330, 65. 6ko, 78, 9 25, 10 20. Sundays 8 36, 8 43, 4 56,6 0, 945 Southpor., (Cheshire Lines)-? 12, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 15, 114. 315, 40, 53, 65,7 9, 9 10. Sundays 9 36,2 5.8 59, aSaturdays only. • Thelwall-6 20, 7 22, 8 0, 9 0, 9 58, 10 49,12 36,1 16,3 38,4 11, 6 18, 613. 78. a 7 45,9 13. Sundays, 8 50, 38, 818. a Satur- ays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines) -7 56, 8 31, 9 5,10 5,11 0,12 0,1 5 10, 2 58, 40. 5 29, 60,70, 80,9 10, a 9 30, blO 2). Sun- days 90, 9 36, 2 39, 9 13, aSaturdays excepted. bSaturdays only. Widnes (L. and N.-W-) -7 33, 8 25, 9 43, 10 9, 11 53, 1 55, 330, 5 12,6 17. 80, 9 48. Sundays. 8 48, 2 40,? 50. Wigan-2 37, 5 29. 5 45, 7 10, 8 33, 9 55, 10 40, 11 40, 12 25, 1 15. 3 48, 4 45, 5 25. 6 14, 7 17, 8 47, 9 Z 5, 10 2, 10 10. Sundays 2 37, 8 43, 3 35. 6 0, 9 45

TO WARRINGTON FROM Acton Bridge-6 36, 7 45, 8 52, 11 43, 37, 440, 6 44, 829 Sundays 753, 4 32. Altcar and Hillhouse-1 16. 7 18, 8 24, 954. Sundays 20, 2 26, 8 22. Birmingham (L. Pc N.-W.)-3 10. 550, 7 20, 9 0, 11 30,3 40, 5 50, 7 25,10 15, 11 16. Sundays 3 10, 12 15, 70. Birmingham (Midiand)-6 6, 8 50, 9 59, 11 30, 1 23, 2 40, 45 6 45. blO 30,11 19. Sundays 4 30, a.m., 4 20, 12 55. Mix- ept Mondays. Blackburn-8 30, 8 50. 1048. 1 55,2 40, 3 20,5 34,7 55, 1012, 1235, Sundays 8 0, 5 40, Blackpool (Talbot Road)-8 12. 8 45, 9 55, 10 35, 35, 7 10, 8 35, 10 0. Sundays 7 25. 1 35, 5 15, 8 40. Blackpool (Central)-8 0. 827. 8 55, 9 55. 10 10, 20, 2 50. 4 45, 6 55, 8 15, Sundays 7 10, 1 20, 4 55. 8 50. Bolton-5 45, 80, 8 40, 9 15. 10 35. 12 35, 220, 415, 5 10. -5 55, 830. Sundays 8 20 a.m.,6 10, 920 p.m. Carlisle-12 5, 12 10a, 6 50, 8 40. 12 50,1 40, 4 22,5 38,8 41. Sundays 12 5 a.m.. 8 41, 12 10 p.m. aMondays only, Chester-2 0,2 32. 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12. 11 5, 11 40. 1 25, :2 10,2 50, 345,55. 530, 635. 7 35, 8 35. Sundays 20. 2 32, 6 30,a.m. 650. p.m. aSaturclays only. Collins Green-6 39,7 16,8 42,10 9,11 28.12 38,1 4,1 43, 210 3 10, 5 28, 6 23, 9 16. 10 46. Sundays 8 1 . a.m., 715. rewe-2 1,4 55, 60,6 30. 8 13.9 20, 11 5, 11 10, 1 50. 2 35, -410.5 25.5 40,6 5,8 5.9 20. Sundays 2 1. 4 55.7 10,2 40,4 0.9 12* Daresbury-8 16. 10 17, 11 43, 2 47, 5 24, 8 13. Sundays 721, a.m. 7 37 p.m. Derby-815. 1020. 110, 35, 3 50, 4 45, 7 0, 83, a 1235 333. Sundays 7 30.6 18, 6 50, 333. aExcept Mondays. Earlestown-6 59, 720. 843. 932, 1013. 1131, 12 41 .12 50,1 8,1 47.2 15. 3 14,3 21,5 8,5 20,5 53,6 37,7 14,7 38 , 9 20 10 50. SundAys 8 24, 9 59, 40, 7 3 9 27. Edinburgh-10 20, 20. 60.9 10. Sundays 60, a.m. 9 10. Fiddler's Ferry .!‘ Penketh-7 12, 95,9 43, 1224, 2 17, 3 21 '5 7. 62. 6 54, 8 57. Sundays 8 32. 257.87. Frodsham-7 55, 9 3, 102, 11. 27, 232,47. 527,657.757 Sundays 6 59. a.m. 7 16 p.m. Garston(Cheshire Lines)-5 44. 627, 7 42, 90. 9 f.O. 1040. 125. 1256. il3. 35, 420. 456. 59. 556, 657, 93, 1.1 21. Sundays 8 23. 9 10, 240, 3 17, 442. 651. 854, Glasgow-10 10, 20, 555. 95. Sundays 5 50, 95. Golborne-6 44, 8 26. 10 22, 12 23,2 41, 436,5 35,7 15, 9 1, 10 42. Sundays 9 40, 7'5. Hough Green-6 40, 7 55, 8 25, 99, 10 3,1 9,1 54, 224. 3 19. 50 5 2.5, 67. 7 11, 94, 9 18, 11 35. Sundays 8 37, 9 20, 3 31, 4 55,9 10. Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 33, 9 53, 54, 8 52, 11 20 Sundays 1059. 653. 8 35. 10 0. Latchford-8 13. 8 40. 932 10 5. 11 17, 1 20. al 45. 213 -30.4 22, Z 541. 6 7, 6 49, 749, 942. 1127. Sundays 833 33, 7 33. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Liverpool (viq Earlestown)—a2 65, 60. 8 0, 9 20, 11 50, 130, 30, 430 5 35, 8 35, 105, *lll5. Sundays 7 30, 9 20, • a.m. 6 30,8 40. sMondays only. *Saturdays only. Via Widnes-6 25.820, 95, 955. 1235, 130. 2 40, 3 35, 4 20, 520, 65, 8 10, 1045. Sundays 7 45, 2 10. 720, 1045. Liverpool (Central)-5 35, 6 10, 7 20, 8 30, 8 45, 9 30, .9 35,9 38, 10 31 11 30.11 35,11 55. 12 30,12 35, 1 0,1 30,1 50,20, 2 30, 3 45, 4 30, 4 40, 4 50, 5 30, 5 36, 6 30. 6 35, 7 30, 8 0 8 30, 8 40, 9 30, 410 45, 11 0, 11 30. Sundays 8 0, 9 0, 2 30, 2 55,4 20,6 30.8 30,833 9 35.aMondays and Saturdays only. London (L. & N.-W.)-5 15, 7 15,10 10,1210,2 10,4 10, 5 30, 100, 120. Sundays 10 0 a.m.. 50, 100. 12 0. London (Midland)-5 15, 10 5, 120, 20. 40,50, a 9 15 s 12 0. Sundays 3 15, 12 0. a except Mondays Lymm-8 5 8 32. 9 23, 9 57. 11 9. 1 11. a 137. 2 5. 250 .4 14, b 5 33. 5 SS, 6 41, 7 41, 9 33, 11 19. Sundays 825, 225, 715. aSaturdays only. Baturdays excepted. Manchester (L. & N.-W.)-6 0,7 0,8 5,6 0,9 40,11 0, 11 25, 1 5, 2 2,3 0. 3 45,1 25,5 0, 5 10, 7 5,9 20,10 40. Sundays 8 0, 830, 9 0, 9 50, a.m. 6 0. 10 40. From Exchaie. Manchester (London-road)-7 15, 750, 9 25, 10 35, 1235. 15, 20, 340. b 55. 520, 6 5. 7 5, 8 55, 10 45. Sundays 7 40, 1 41, 6 30. Baturdays excepted. Manchester (Cheshire Lintt,e9-6 48, 720, 8 30, a 9 5, 9 30, '935, 10 30, 10 45. 11 30. 1,2 30, 12 45. 130, 230, 330, 4 30, 4 48, 530, 6 30, 638.7 30, 3 30. 833,. 9 55, alo 50,11 0. Sun- -stays. 8 30. 910, 9 30.10 401 40,2 0 2 6,6 40. 8 15,.9 40. alarm- -days and Saturdays only. Middlewich-6 48 11 37, 2 42, 61. Moore-7 0,9 8, 11 57,320 455. 6 57. Sundays 8 15,448. Newten-le-Willows.-6 55, 7 30, 8 42, 924. 109. 11 23, 52. 1 6,1 30,3 0. 4 7.4 58.5 5,5 49,6 27,7 30.7 35. 99, 9 55, 18, Sundays 860 9 49, 10 0, a.m. 3 55,? 20, 11 5, Padgate-1.51, 8 26, 9 0. 10 6. 1 9, 2 5, 5 17, 73, 9 16. Sun- day 8 53. 11 20, 232,912, 1013. Pres.on—a2 11, 52 36,5 50,6 25,95, 939, 11 20, 11 28, 2 46 4 25. 7 69, 9 30.10 47. Sundays 2-11, 8 35, 3 15, 6 10, 10 46 aMondays excepted. Monday mornings only Runcorn-8 39, 9 19, 10 23, 12 29, 1 30, 2 56, 4 40, 5 4C. 6 29, 8 29. Sankey (for Penkoth) —6 51, 8 6 8 41. 925. 10 19, 1124. 12 36. 136.2 5,2 80 3 44, 4 25,5 40, 622, 726, 9 34. Sundays 8 49, 3 43, 5 7,92 i (c.l ShefHeld (Midland) ;a Chinley and Dore Line —ll 0, 20, 4 55. 6n. Sundays Blc St. Helens-6 25, 7 0 55, 2 55, 445,515 6 7 50. 9 35,a,m.. 655. 9 Southport (Lord F 2 50, 3 55, 0, 85, a 9

:28, 9 18, 9 55,11 15,12 5. 12 50, 1 30, 70. 90, 10 33, *ll 20. Sunday *Se.:.uriays only. -8 10, 10 20. 11 25, 10, 2 15, 35. Sunlays 90, 25, 80. aSatus-

day only. Thelwall--8 9, 8 36, 9 23, 10 10, 1113, 115, al 41, 29, 255, 4 18, b 537, 63, 645 7 45, 9 37, 11 23. Sundays 8 29, Z 29, 7 19. aSaturnays only. bSaturclays excepted. Widnes (L.& N )-7 5, 350, 9 33,10 33,12 16,1 4, 2 10, 20, 40, 5 0,5 55, 6 46, 3 50, il6. Sundays 824, 2 50, 7 59, 11 6. Widnes Cheshire Us)-8 33,9 15, 109, 11 12, 1225. 125. 230. 3 35, 4 25, 529.0 12, 7 16,7 56.9 10, 925, all 42 Sundays 8 42. 3 36.5 ~, 9 7,9 23. aOn Satunlayis only. Wigan-24i. 35. 6 33. 8 15. 9 31, 10 10, 11 23, 1215, 2 50, 4 25. 4 54, 5 li. 7 5,8 62,10 30. Sundays 2 41, 9 30, .m.,3 40, 6 55, 11

PUPTURES.—REYNOLDS' Patent Imperceptible I 11) Incliarubber Stem Pad TRUSS. Suitable in all eases. perfect Fit Ensured. Write or call for particulars.REY:COLDS, 10, Slater-treet (a f,nv doors Bold-street), Liverpool. Open on Saturday until? aivt

"DISFIGURED FOR LIFE"- is the despairing cry ot thousands afficted with unsightly skin diseases. Do you realise what this disfiguration means to-sensitive souls? It means isolation, seclusion. It is a bar to social and business success. Do you wonder that despair seizes upon these sufferns when doctois fail, standard reme- dies fail, and nostrums prove worse than useless ? Skin diseases are most obstinate to cure or even relieve, an easy matter to claim to cure them, but quite another thing to do so. CUTICURA remedies have earned the right to be called Skin Speeifis, bccau=e for years they have met with most remarks he ‘!.l.lCef SS. There are cases they cannot core-, but th-y are few incleed. It is no long-drawn-mt, expensive experiment. One shilling invested in CIITICURN Soar will prove more convincing than a page •of aciv-ertiseinent. short, CUTICURA. WORKS WONDERS, and its cures of trlturing, disfigur- ing, humiliating skin diseases are simply marvellous.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
MAKE LIFE ENJOYABLE.

Loss of health means loss of all which makes life en- joyable ; for, in addition to the bodily pain and suffering which it cause?, it entails a vast amount of mental pain and anxiety, especially in the homes of the working classes. It brings in its train a host of discomforts which retard the recovery of the sufferer, and hinder, instead of assisting, Nature to perform her functions. When a working man suffers from any ailment which prevents his following his daily avocation, he is natur- ally filled with anxiety regarding the maintenance of those depending on him for their daily sustenance. His very love for his family retards and hinders his speedy recovery, and his spirits become depressed at the antici- pation of the gloomy prospect; before them in the event of a long continuance of his illness. It is well known that depression of spirits often proves a serious bar to a speedy recovery. <;- These results arise in addition to the various incon- veniences and discomforts which the sufferer and his family experience as direct results of his illness, such as additional expenses for luxuries for the sick, with in- creased difficulty to obtain those luxuries, or even the necessities of life. Mast of the various forms of disease which trouble the labouring classes of the country, and which are often attributable, more or less, to some unhealthly condition of their daily work, may be classed under a few leading heads.

To avoid thq discomforts arising irom various forms of disease,every working man should seek the aid of

THE VEGETABLE TONIC, Which has gained a world-wide renown as the most wonderful medicinal discovery of the age; and as un- failing remedy it is prescribed by many leading physi- cians in various ailments.

For Bronchitis, Asthma, Coughs, and Colds, Shortness of Breath, Neuralgia, General Weakness, Low Spirits, Nervousness, Indigestion, Influenza. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS

s Sold in Bottles at 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each. See the name Gwilym Evans on Label, Stamp and Bottle.

Sole Proprietors: Quinine Bitters' Manufacturing Co., Ltd., Lianelly, South Wales. GSVILYM EVAN'S QUININE BITTERS.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

APPLICATION TO ALTER AN ORDER FOR WIFE DESERTION.

At the Warrington Borough Court on Friday morning, Mr. Arthur Browne appeared on behalf of Edward Poynton to ask for a variation of an order made a fort- night previously upon him to contribute 6s. weekly to- wards the maintenance of his wife Ann Poynton tor deserting her. The grounds of the application were that the applicant's means were insufficient and that the wife had ample means of her own. Mr. Browne wished to bring fresh evidence, as the husband was not repre- sented at the first hearing, tut it was ruled that this could not be done. He then proceeded to state that as Poynton had never previously been in court, he did not know how to act, and had not cross-examined his wife as to her means. He would call evidence to prove that Mrs. Poynton was in receipt of an average profit of Bs. per week from a shop, and that she received 12s. from one son,s3.from another and 63. per week from a lodger, making in all 31s. per week, and her husband had also left part of the furniture. Poynton only got 203. per week wages and therefore could not afford to pay the order. Evidence in support of this statement was given by the applicant and a son Henry Poynton.—Mr.Davies denied that Mrs.Poynton got Bs. per week from the shop as it had only been n small sweet shop which was now given up altogether. She had to keep the three who gave her money out of what they gave her, and the son who gave her 12s. per week would shortly be married and she would then lose that.—The magistrates without hearing any evidence from Mrs. Poynton, confirmed the rder.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
A LOCAL CASE OF "RUNNING AMUCK."

At the Warrington Co .rt, on Monday, before the Mayor and Alderman Harrison, Julia Ann Shields, of Dial Court,was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Bridge-st., on Saturday night, and further charged with assaulting Margaret Carter and Mary Jane Cald- well on the same occasion.—Mrs. Carter said she was walking with Mrs. Caldwell on Saturday night, when the prisoner,without the least provocation, first struck Mrs. Caldwell and then herself (witness). She struck witness while she had a baby in her arms, and dragged her to the floor by the hair. Prisoner was very drunk at the time.—P.C. Monks (No. 38), stated that when he apprehended the prisoner she made use of disgusting languagc.—The Chief Constable : Her conduct, your worships,while she has been in the cells has been scanda- lous. She has teen more like a wild beast than a woman. —John Brandwood said that prior to the assault the women he also was struck by the prisoner. The two complainants were coming down the street at the time, and as they were passing the prigoner ran at Mrs. Cald- well, and knocked her to the floor. Then she ran at Mrs. Carter and struck her. —The Chief Constable : It is a sort of "running amuck," I should think, your wor- ships. She has been 30 times before the magistrates for different offences, and has bad one month's imprison- ment frequently. Nothing seems to do her much good. —Prisoner : I must be very dangerous.—The Chief Constable : You are really.—The Mayor : It seems as though she would rather live in prison than out of it.— The Mayor: Well, for being drunk and disorderly you will have one month's imprisonment ; and for the as- saults two months—three months altogether. McoNLIGHTING" AT WARRINGTON.-VIOLENT IRISHMEN.

Before the Mayor and Alderman Harrison at the War- rington Borough Court on Monday,Thomas and Edward O'Brien were charged with being drunk aucl disorderly In Buttermarket-street at 10.10 on Sunday night; they were also charged with assaulting Patrick Walsh in Butterrnarket-street at the same time; John Hines was charged with obstructing the police while effecting the arrest of the O'Briens at the same time and place.—P.C. Corcoran said that on the night in question he received a complaint from Mrs. Walsh about her husband being assaulted. He proceeded towards Bank-st. and found a disorderly crowd in Buttermarket-st. The two O'Briens were drunk and quarreling. Thomas was taken to the Police S ation and locked up by witness and Edward by P.C. Bell. Hines was there but not drunk.—P.C. Chrimes said he saw Edward O'Brien drunk in the street and with P.C. Bell locked him up. Hines followed them and Jostled them trying to rescue O'Brien. .When they ar.. rived at the police station they ran him in als,.—P.C. Bell corroborated. He said there a as a crowd of from 300 to 400 persons about the street. It was disgraceful for a Sunday night. They heard the O'Briens shouting as far as the Central Station.—Patrick Walsh,who walked lame and bore other evidence of rough h tndli ng,said on Sunday night the men came at him like roaring lions. One held him while the other kicked him. He knew them pre- viously hut he haJ had no quarrel with them They owed him money. He said the men were dangerous to be at largo in the streets.—The Chief Constable re- marked that this was a little bit of moonlighting in Eng- land.—Mrs. Walsh said she heard the noise and came out and saw her husband being assaulted. Edward O'Brien was holding him and Thomas kicking and strik- ing. She went to them and told them to desist. Thomas O'Brien then struck her. She went for the police.—The magistrates said the conduct of the defendants was most disgraceful, and they would send the O'Briens to gaol for a month each for the drunkenness and another month for the assault. —Hines was fined 20s. and costs or in default 14 days' hard labour._

===== 0002601_18960404_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
A. FISH DEALER'S FREAK.

At Daresbury Petty Sessions on Tuesday, Joseph Lever, a fishmonger, or Warrington, was charged with having at Stretton, assaulted and beaten Catherine Robinson, on the 19th March, and alsc with having on the same date unlawfully and wilfully spoilt a quantity of fish the property of Catherine Robinson, of the value of 18s. The defendant pleaded not guilty.—Mr. F. R. Roberts, solicitor, Warrington, who prosecuted, in stat- ing the case, said the complainant was a fish hawker. living in Warrington, and for a number of years had been in the habit of coming in that district selling fish, and was regarded as a highly respectable woman. The defendant was a wholesale and retail fish dealer having a stall in Warrin:ton market. He was looked upon in tbe light of a hawk invading a dovecote. He bad been underselling the old established fish dealers in the mar- ket, and had caused a great deal of ill-feeling. But the complainant had had nothing to do with this rivalry. On the date named, a horse and trap was standing at the door of Mr. Grea we's public-house at Stretton, and on complainant passing the horse's head in order to get to the hotel where she hoped as usual to sell fish, the de- fendant met her. He was undoubtedly the worse for drink. He struck her a nasty blow on the head, and knocked ker basket of fish which she carried on her head to the ground. The fish was scattered in all direc- tions. Mrs. Robinson was stunned by the blow, but when she came to her senses, she found her fish in the mud and some friend gathered it together. When it had been replaced in the basket, tbe defendant not satisfied with the damage he had done, taok a run- ning kick at the basket sending it and the fish flying once more into the mud, this time rendering the fish worthless. She asked him what he had done it for, and told him to be honourable and pay for it. He refused to do so, and used some disgusting language. The woman remained in the vicinity of the public-house for some time, and on the defendant leaving, he offered her a shilling. She took the money, but when she got home she had to throw the fish away. There were two wit- nesses who saw the assault, but the woman was too poor to snbpcene them. Oce of them, an organgrinder,called at his (Mr. Roberts) office, and told him that he teen

===== 0002601_18960404_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY. APRIL 4 1896.

offered twenty shillings to disappear from the district for Six months. He had sent a telegram saying he was unable to be present that mowing, and he (Mr. (Roberts was of the opinion that the man had been got at.—Evi- deuce in support f Mr. Roberts' statement was given by Mrs. Robinson, Pump-yard, and Harry Jackson, 26, Percy-st., Warrington.—For the defence, Mrs. Wrench stated that the defendant knocked the basket off the complainant's head by accident when dancing. The complainant said she wanted 83. for the damage the defendant bad done. He gave her 25., and she afterwards sold some of the damaged fish. Mr. Willet, veterinary surgeon, and Johnson Wilson, of Warrington, also gave evidence for the defence.—The defendant denied that he knocked the baskot of fish over with the intention of doing complainant an injury. Be contended that he paid her for the damage done, and denied that there was as much fish in the basket as had been stated. He characterised the action as a case of 'blackmailing. He was certain that he never struck the complainant.—The Chairman (Mr. Long) said they con- sidered the case fully proved. The defendant must pay the amount Of the wilful damage 183. and the costs. For the assault.a fine of 103. and costs would be made. The tOtal amount paid by the defendant was £4 ss.

got over. Clarke bad a shot at the posts, but the ball tell short. Forster broke through the Lees men and got away nicely, but in passing, the Lees men got the ball and returned to • centre. At half time Warrington scored one goal and two tries to Lees nil. On resuming the game, Warrington kicked forward,and then Barber picked up and passed to Broady, who was following, but the latter missed. Scott, however, got possessioc and passed to Broady, who ran forward and scored another try. This was not converted. Lees, by a fine bit of dribbling, got near the home goals,but Mea- cock saved ,and Barber took the advantage and ran with the ball,but he was upset. fie did not let go of the ball but as Broady ran up the field he handed it to him. The latter passed to Scott who was tackled, and the ball was returned. Foden relieved from dangercus pressure and Foster followed up, kicking in touch. After another of his fine dashes,Barber passed to Broady,who transferred to Clark, the latter scoring easily behind the posts, the Leesmen again failing to tackle. After an unsuccessful kick for goal, play was returned to centre, when from a scrimmage Barber got away, passing to Broady as he ran, but Broady ran in touch near the goal line. The Visitors rushed the ball to centre again, where Ashurst saved nicely, and roster followed up the relief by a brilliant run through his oppments, wl,lo were unable taLcheck him and when he got near the line he passed to Scott, who mulled it, just when a try seemed certain. It was soon followed by a score, for the tall no sooner reached Barber than he was off again, and Brmady, receiving his pass, and eluding his would- be captors, grounded the ball behind the posts. Barber took the kick, arid Lees • seemed- very impatient, as several times they rushed at the ball before Barber moved. For this a free kick was allowed and Barber sent the ball over the bar. On the ball being returned to centre, Lees got together and reached the home gnat- ter line, when Platt attempted a drop goal, but failed. The Whistle then blew for time, the score being Warring- ton "A" two goals four tries (22 points), Lees nil.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT.

FRlDAY.—Before Dr. (Inman (chairman), Mr. S. Wright, and

Councillor H. Roberts.

A MUTUAL SEPARATION AGREED. Isabella Harding, 6 Russell-st.,was summoned for assaulting her husbmd,George Harding. Mr. Arthur Browne, who appeared for the com- plainant, applied for an adjournMent for a fortnight, els 'lie two parties had made a mutual arrangement. They could not live together comfortably, aud had agreed to a separation on certein terms. He therefore asked for an adjournment so that arrangements could be made. A SEVIRE PUNISHMENT FoR THREATENING A WIFE.—John Garrett, 31 Marsh-st., was bound over for six months in two sureties of £lO, or in default was ordered to go to Raol for three months, for threatening his wife on March 25. The evidence of the wife was that her husband had threatened to hit her with the tongs because she had nothing better than br ad and bhtter for him. She said that she had a most miserable life with him.—The Chief Constable and Mr. Taylor, the Police Court missionary, each commented on the worth- less character of the prisoner.

MONDAY.—Before the Mayor .(in the chair), and Alderman

Harrison.

THErr OF A HAM: bMART CAPTURE.—WiIIiam Roberts. an elderly man, was charged with stealing a ham, valued at 55. 9d., from the shop of Charles Price, grocer, Sankey-street. —Prisoner admitted the oilence, saying that he was drunk at the t;me and did not know what he was doing.—The Chief Constable said that P.C. Whittaker, a young man who had been in the force only a few weeks, was on duty in Mersey- street on Saturday night, when he saw the prisoner. The 'latter being rather bulky about his body the suspicions of the officer were aroused, and he asked prisoner what he ha i underneath his coat. He told him to loosen it, and upon prisoner doing so the coestabie saw he had the ham produced In his possession. Asked how he became possessed of it Roberts said he had bought it' from a man for 6d. Not being satisfied with this explanation, the officer took prisoner into custody. Enquiries were made and the prosecutor said that be had not sold be ham —Prisoner was sentenced to a month's imprison- ment with hard labour.

LOITERING AT BANE Qua.Y.—Seven men, named James Leslie. John Smiler, John Heaton, Thomas Durken, Arthur Heaton, Charles Heaton. and John Whittaker, were sum- moned for having on the 20th March obstructed the free pas- sage of Museum-st. by standing thereon, thus preventing divers persons from passing.—P.C. Edwards stated the facts of the case. He stated that he was on duty near Bank Quay railway station on the morning in question when he saw the defendants obstructing the free passtge of Museum-street— the Bank Quay end of the street. He had several times cau- tioned the defendants about their c3nduct.—P.o Clarke and Mr. Holland, ticket collector, gave co”roborative evidence.— The Chief Cqnstable withdrew the charge against John Smiler as he was in delicate health.—The case was adjourned for a month, and the Mayor told the defendants that they must not go near the station again.—A defendant: But, we are bound to do so. We•must get a living.— The Cute! Constable There you are, sir.--Ano her defendant: But we will not obstruct.—The defendants then left the court. INTEMPERA.NCE.—The following persons were fined for being drunk and disorderly :—Thomas Galvin, ss. and costs; Thomas Robinson, 8, Mill-street, ss. and costs.

CHIMNEY ON FIRE —Mor having his chimney on fire on the 21st March, William Browne, Mersey-street, was fined is. TUESDAY.— Before Mr. R. Garnett (chairman.) and Mr.

11 J. Gnest.

TEMPORARY AUTHORITY.—WiIIiam Aspinall was granted temporary authority to sell at the Railway Tavern, Bank Quay, in lieu of Samuel Hartshorne.—The 'Chief Constable said the applicant was a man of good character and he thought he would be an improvement on the present tenant. Ins FIRST APPRARANCE.—A respectable-looking marl named William Cassidy was charged with being drunk and disorderly on Town Hill at 9.30 on Monday night.—P. U. Bradley proved the case. -Defendant who was a man of good character, had not been up in Court before. The pollee could not account for his being charged with this offence. —He said he had been teetotal for 6 years, 5 years ago and was dis- posed to sign again. On promising to do so and conduct himself properly in future, he was dismissed,

===== 0002601_18960404_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON PETTY. SESSICINS.

SATURDAY.—Before Messrs, T. J. Gillespie (in the chair),

C. B. F. Borron. and Colonel J. L. WOod

DRUNKENNESS.—For this offence, Thorna% Melling, of Golborne, and Thomas Harrop. of Newton, were fined 2 . 6d. and costs and 5s and costs respectively. ASSAULT.— fwo men, named Michael Callaghan and Thomas Cosgrove, were charged with having assaulted Owen Owens and Alfred Kano's, in Crow-lane. Newton, on the 18th inst.—Mr. Worsley (Law Clerk to the Newton District Council) prosecuted, and stated that all the parties concerned lived at Newton. At midn,ght on the 18th inst., complain- ants, w.o were emplayei by the Newton District Council, were emptying some refuse pails, as was their usual custom, in Cro -lane, when defend ints came upon the scene and commenced to interfere with the work whieh was be:nß done. Callaghan kicked Owens and hurt him very severely, and the two defendants also tried to " trip the other man. Complainants had been in the employ of the Council for about two years, and were very steady men, ad such inter- ferences ought to be stopped.—Evidenee having been given by complainants. Callaghan was fined les. ani costs, and Cosgrov.e ss, and costs. ABUSIVE THREATS.—RaIph Rudd. of Rarlestown, was charged with having used vi.,lent, abusive, and defamatory threats towards filliza Edwards. at the Oddfellows' Arms, Rat lestown, on the 21st inst. —Mr. J. W. Knowles appeared for complainant, and stated that defendant entered the Odd. fellows' Arms on the day in que.ition in a drunken condition. Because he was refused more liquor he used the threats to- wards coranlainant. who was employed at the house. He had to be ejected.—Defendant, who pleaded guilty Ps the charge, was bound over to keep the peace for six months In the sum of £5.

DARESBURY PETTY SESSIONS.

TUESDAY.—Before Mr. W. Long (elrtirman), Mr.. W. Neild,

and Mr. C. H. Broadbent,

A SLEFInr DRIVER. —William Smith, drayman, Stockton Heath. was charged with being asleep whilst in charge of a horse and dray at Seven Oaks. on March 17th. Defendant was lined 7s. 6d. and costs. TRESPASSING IN SEARCH OF GAME—James Clare, 10 Stam- ford-st., Warrington, was summoned for baying on the 12th March, at Keckwick, trespassed in the day-time on land in the occupation of Joseph Stringer, in search of hares without a license to do so. Mr. Jones, gamekeeper for Sir Gilbert Greenall, deposed that on the date named about four o'clock he saw tha defendant with two others trespassing on land at Keckwick. They were in possession of a flv net," and were trying to catch a hare. A fine of 10s. including costs was imposed.

A BOYS' Q LTARREL.— John Pardoe, and Alfred Pardoe, of Appleton, were summoned for having assaulted William Maley, of Appleton, and a cross-summons was issued by Pardoe charging Risley with assault.—Mr. Roberts, solicitor, Warrington, represented the Pardoe's Risley spoke to Alfred Pardoe st.iking him with a shovel on the back and also to tieing assaulted by Pardoe's father. David Briggs and Aired Hugh N 3 also gave evidence.—Mr. Roberts said it was a most trumpery case. Pardoe and Risley had a scuffle on the coal heap at the spade works at Stockton Heath, but Pardoe's father did not touch Risley. He would be content to let the charge against Risley slide, if the magistrates would dismiss the case against his clients, After several witnesses had been called, the magistrates dismissed the cases, each party to Pay Its own costs, 143. 9d. AN UNCERTIFICATED D WELLING-Ho USE. --Thomas Smith Burgess, was summoned at the instance of James Farrington, for allowing a house to be occupird without obtaining a cer- tificate fromthe Raral District Council of Rurnorn,-31r. Far- rington prove :3 the case, and said as the offence was through an oversight and unintentional on the part of the defendant he would ask fora timalt fine and the costs to bepaid. He did not wish to press thee rse.A fine of Is. and costs was imposed. DOGS AT LARGE—Joseph Pilling, Greengrocer, Warring- ton, was fined 2s. 6d. for allowing his dog to be at large at Antrobus on the 17th February, Jaseoh Ridgway, Antrobus, and James Wilks, Wilder:pool Causeway, were also fined for like offences

RUNCORN PE rTy SESSIONS. MONDAY. —Before Messrs. P. Speakman. and J. F.

Normin

THE RADIES ORDER—William Davies, bridge-street, and William 11,1shton, Albert-street, were summoned, for allow- ing their dogs to be at large without collars A fine of ss. in each case was inflicted.

INEBRIATES.— Michael Dowd, WRS fined ss. and costs for being drunk, on Saturday night. John Grady, and John Feney, were charged with a sirnilnr offence on Saturday night. The former was fined ss. and c ,sts. and the latter (who had been five timed pleviously convicted) was fined 10s. and costs or 14 d iys.

The Mars, one of the largest and most powerfully armed ships ever constructed for the British navy, was on Monday floated out of the dock in which she has been built by Lairds at Birkenhead.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

CRIOKIITBRS should scqun e the "Pocket Diary and Companion," issued by the well-known Sports Miran- faeturers, GEORGE G. BUSSEY & Co„ Prckham, London. All the information Cricketers require is found therein, as well as the usual Diary, yet it will go in the waistcoat pocket. Leather bound, gilt edges, 6d.; postage, id. If you are no satlsEed. G. G. B. & Co. will return the price.

NORTHERN UNION. WARRINGTON v. BRIGHOUSE RANGERS.

The return match between the above teams was played on the Rangers' ground on Saturday, The long journey was commenced at 10 50 a.m.,and on approach- ing Manchester the rain came down in torrents, and the apprehensions of the players as to the state of the ground for play were increased when they got near to the Pennine chain, for the rain turned to snow, which came down in large flakes. On getting into Yorkshire, however, the weather improved, and by the time Brig- house was reached it was very fine but 'Cold, 'and this kind of weather continued during the rest of the afternoon, with the exception of one short shower. The Brighouse ground has a steep slope from one Corner diagonally to the opposite corner, and the team playing down the slope has an enormous advantage. This advan- tage was further increased on Saturday, by a gale of wind blowing down the slope, and also a blinding sun in the eyes of the team playing up the field. Winning the toss was an important consideration under these circumstances, and this fell to Brighouse, who thus had the advantage of hpth slope, wind and the sun the first half. The Rangers fie a big lot, and Used their weight with such effcrt that the Warringtonians, when ends were changed, were,well,not so fresh as they might have been. There was a good gate for Brighouse consider- ing the size of the town, there being about 1,500 spectators, and the following were the two teams : Warrington ; Heesom, full back; Carey, cross, O'Brien, and Lawless, threequarters • Bate (captain), and Hig- ginbottom, half backs ; Dakin, Berry, Sudlow, Wilcock, Fairhurst, Scholtze, Saunders, and Andrews. Brighouse Rangers: Eaglss, full back ; Waddington, Hartley, Brooke, and Abbey, threequarters ; Schofield and Ross, half backs ; Croft. Wood, A. G. Sugden, Jagger, Armi- tage, Earnshaw, Pullman, and Hughes,forwards. Dakin kicked off for Warringtan,!and after a return by Ross, the Rangers forwards rushed down the field in a body, and during the first three Minutes. two minors were forced. A mueh more favourable complexion was put upon the game, when Dakin and Fairhurst dribbled up the field,and before Lewis Brooke could get his kick in, he was well tackled by O'Brien. Warrington continued to work their way up the field but when least expected, disaster came to them. Ross made his mark near his own 25 flag ,and following up his kick,he made his mark again in response to Heesom's return kick. This was near the touch line midway between the centre and quarter lines,but Wood was successful in kicking a fine four points goal from this position. The Rangers now put pressure on to some tune, 'and Wood was grounded b. Dakin just on the line. Another free kick from a knock on was taken by Wood,but this time the ball went wide,and only a minor resulted. Cross and O'Brien put their side in a more favourable position, and from a scrimmage at"centre, Bate made A brilliant run almost to the line before Waddingtoa grassed him. This res- pite was only momentary, for after the ensuing scrim- mages from a pass from Bate, O'Brien dropped a neat goal although he was tackled at the same time. Immedi- ately after the kick off, a fine kick was taken by Wood, and although it went wide, Hartley followed up so well that be was allowed a try on the ground that he bad been obstructed by Heesom. Wood failed to kick a goal. From now to near half time, Warrington were completely overplayed, but they defended gamely. Heesom was especially prominent by his 'fearless tackl- ing, and twice in one minute, he bowled over the burly, Wood at the cornersflig. A good round of passing be- tween Bate, Cross and Carey, almost ended in the latter getting clear, but he was tackled from behind by Brooke and soon after, the whistle blew for half time with rhe score, Brighouse, one dropped goal, one try, Warrington, one try. Wood restarted the game and Lawless's return did not neutralise the kick off. The second half opened very quietly, neither team appearing to put much dash in their play. Briehouse, however, gradu- ally gained ground, and at length, Pullman got over and scored a very soft try. Exchange kicking between Lawless and Eagles ended to the advantage of the former, and for a time pay settled in home quarters but Ross, Abbey, Brookes, and Hartley were the means of tilting the ball back, and for the fourth successive Saturday,Waddington scored, but Pullman failed at eoal. After the restart, Carey had a drop at goal which fell short, but Warrington by means of good foot work by Dakin, Fairhurst, Saunders and Sudlow, kept up the attack, and Eagles mulling the ball,Wilcock scored with- out much difficulty. Higginbottem failed to make the try of any increased value. The rest of the game was all in favour of Warrington. Eagles again mulled the ball, and Dakin and Saunders were just in the act of taking the ball, when Eagles in a nsost inexplicable manner found the ball in his hands and kicked luckily in touch. Probably no one wag more surprieed than Eagles at this result, and it was a very lucky let off for Brighcuss. Lawless also on one occasion had a good run down touch, but Waddington chucked his career, and no score came. When the whistle blew, Brighouse were returned victors by a dropped goal and three tries (1.5 points) to Warrington a dropped goat and one try (seven points).

===== 0002601_18960404_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN v. WIGAN.

These well-known_rivals met at Runcorn on Saturday. Considerable interest was evinced in the match and about 4,000 spectators were present. In the Wigan ranks Blackburn and Forster officiated in the place of Brown and Hallintel' while for the Runcorn team West was substituted for Warder, who is on the injured list. Playing with the sun in front Wigan were quickly on the defensive, but Be keen were the three-quarters that the passing movements of the home team were quickly stopped and the game was mostly kept in the hands of the forwards. Foster started a passing movement at centre and after Jago and Wilding had handled the ball Flowers sprinted along touch and was only stopped by Butterworth in the nick of time. Quickly following this, a general scramble on the line gave Flowers an opening which he took advantage of. Winstanley failed to con- vert. The Wigan halves and three-quarters were penal- ized at times for off-side play, and Farmer made several attempts at goal from good places. A dreary round of " scrums " was varied by a good passing run by Nickson, J. Faulkner and Butterworth. The latter got over but a scrummage was ordered. A bout of passing followed between Robinson and J. Faulkner and West ended by punting over Winstanley's head but that player managed to touch down. Although Runcorn had had nearly the whole of the play they ended the first half three points in the arrear. The second portion of the game was composed almost entirely of uninteresting scrummages. The Run- corn halves had more frequently possession, but the visiting threequarters were standing practically on a line with"the scrummage, and the home combination was completely broken up. The penalties inflicted upon Wigan for off-side play, brought no appreciable advant- age to the homesters. For fifteen minutes the ball did not veer ten yards either side of the centre flag, until the visiting team went off in a loose dribble. The Run- corn men made a poor attempt to stop them, but Dixon managed to get on at the corner. For the remaining minutes of the game the visitors had the upper hand and retired winners by two tries to nothing. The game speak- ing generally was one of the poorest exhibitions seen this season on the Runcorn field. The Wigan backs laid them- selves out to stop the passing movements of the home team, and did so in defiance of all rules relating to off side.Tne game was made up of scrummages and penalty kicks, and the visitors were penalized at least twenty times. Had Runcorn bad a good kicker at least three goals would have been landed. As it was Runcorn missed many chances in that direction, and the game counts as a loss to the home team. The teams were :—Runcorn: Full back, Hough; threeqUarters, West Myer, Butter- worth, and Robinson ; half backs, Faulkner and Nick- son ; forwards, Farmer, Langley. Hughes, Darlington, Walker, Moores, Williams, and W. Faulkner. Wigan : Full back, Winstanley ; threequarters, Flowers, Jago, Wilding, and Dixon'; half backs, Foster and Walker; forwards. Unsworth, Rigby, Webster, Benson, Yates, Blackburn, Green, and Perkins.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN RUGBY UNION.

A meeting of the Committee of the Northern Union was held on Tuesday, at the Spread Eagle Hotel, Man- chester, Mr. H. H. Waller (Brighouse) in the chair.— Mr. Carroll (Runcorn) asked the Committee to order that Runcorn's postponed match with the Rochdale Hornets should be played at Runcorn,but it was decided not to re-open the case.—Several clubs were fined for late starts.—Postponed matches were fixed for the fol- lowiry, dates :—April 13, Broughton v. Widnes ; April 14, Beley v. Stockpo t and Rochdale v. Hull ; April 17, Tyldesley v. Rochdale; April 29, Rochdale v. Runcorn and Tyldeslev v. Wigan.

WARRINGTON "A " v. Lass.—This return match was played on the Wildruspool ground, in fine, but windy weather. The home team was a strong one, including Barber and Broady, first team men. Lees started the game and Barber made his mark, rut kicked in touch. Barber got away, with Broady close behind, to whom he passed the ball,but on being tackled, the latter passed te Clarke. Scott next got possess'on, but in attempting to kick, he lost the ball. Barber soon afterwards 'made another run,:and passed to Broady. who was run in touch near the Lees quarter line. From the line out Barber got possession and passed to Scott,who returned it, and Barber got over the line. Broady took the kick but the ball webt outside the posts. The ball was then brought near centre, but Clarke got away and passed to Barber,who ran a short distance and then trotted leiatuely over the line and grounded behind the posts. The visitors did not attempt to tackle, thinking there W 35 a knock on. Foden took the kick and scored a goal. From ball way Lees dribbled close to the Warrington posts and almost got over, Barber kicking dead just in time. By combined passing, play was transferred to the other end and, the full back failing te save, Freeth

===== 0002601_18960404_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

FRIDAY.

In the House of Commons on Friday last week Mr. CURZON, in reply to a question put by Mr. W. Allen, said the Government had no intention of sending another expedition to Dongola in the autumn. Answering Mr. Labouchere, Mr. Curzon said it WAS understood that the French Government did not consider that a vote of the majority of the Commissioners of the Public Debt in Egypt was sufficient for the grant towards the cost of the expedition to Dongola. Sir W. HARCOURT asked what the situation was with respect to the payment. Mr. Ctrazox replied that the Commissioners had decided by four to two to grant the sum asked for. The French and Russian Commissioners had protested against that decision, and certain French bondholders had served a notice on the Commissioners protesting against any pay- ment from the reserve fund for the expenses of the expedition, and summoning them before the tribunals on the 13th of April. Mr. A. J. BALFOUR informed the House that the Duke of Cambridge bad declined to allow the proposal for a pension is respect of his services as Commander-in-Chief P 0 be submitted to the House.

In the House of Lords Lord WEMYSS moved the'second reading of a bill to secure uniformity in the granting,by way of renewal or transfer, of liquor licenses. He rejected all suggestions to withdraw the bill for the present. The Duke of DEVONSHIRE moved the adjourn- ment of the debate, and the motion was agreed to by 56 votos against seven. A bill brought in by Lord Burton dealing with offences against the licensing laws was also practically thrown out.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
MONDAY.

• In the House of Commons on Monday Mr. H. lisciarrT called attention to a pamphlet which stated, on the authority of Board of Trade statistics, that the nullbers of persons killed and injured in industrial accidents dur— ing the year 1895 were 4,533 and 27:197.respective1y,and asked the Home Secretary whether he would at once in- troduce the promised Employers' Liability Bill, in order to diminish the risks. Sir M. White Ridley said he was unable to indicate the precise date when he could intro- duce the Employers' Liability Bill. He might, however, state that he should very shortly introduce a Coal Mines Regulation 13111, which waa directly intended to save life. Mr. Curzon informed Mr. W. Reimond that the reported purchase of Delagoa Bay was "entirely with-- out foundation

In reply to Mr. Bryce, Mr. CuazoN said the Govern- ment understood that, the Sultan having requested the Khedive to express his views with regard to the advance of Egyptian troops in the valley of the Nile, the Khedive bad stated in reply that the Egyptian and British Governments had agreed that the moment was op- portune for endeavouring to bring back Dongola under Egyptian administration, and that an ex- pedition had accordingly been despatched thither. On the motion for the third reading of the Naval Works Bill, Mr. W.REDMOND moved the rejection of the bill on the ground that the people of Ireland would get no benefit from the expenditure. Alter some debate the amendment was rejected by 186'votes to 27,and the bill was then read a third time.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
TUESDAY.

In the House of Commons on Tuesday Mr. CURZON, in reply to Mr. Leuty, said the reports from consular offi- cers in Asia Minor showed that in some districts there was no reason to apprehend a renewal of disorder. Mr. BALFOUR, in answer to Mr. W. Johnston, gave the terms of the reference to the Royal Commission on the Liquor Traffic and the names of twenty-three out of the twenty-four Commissioners. Viscount Peel, the late Speaker, is to be the Chairman of the Commission. Sir J. GoRsT, in asking leave to introduce a bill "to make further provision for education in England and Wales." reminded the !louse at the outset of some of the difficulties in education which the wisdom of Parlia- , merit would, somehow or other, have to surmount. There was first the difficulty of Voluntary schools. Last year, out of every seven children educated, three were educated in Board schools and four in Voluntary schools. In 1870 the Church of England was responsible for the education of 844,000 children ;, last year the number was 1,850.000. Church subscriptions in 1870 amounted , to £329,000 ; last year they were £640,000 ; Roman Catholics and very many members of the Church of Eng- land made it a point of conscience that their children should be educated by teachers of their own donomina-' tion, and it would be impo=sible to force those children out of their own schools without being guilty of a piece of religious intelerance to which the people of England in these enlightened days would never consent. Another solid obstacle to the disappear- ance of the Voluntary schools was the cost of replacing them. He was advised that it would entail a capital expenditure of over £25.000,000 and an annual charge for maintenance of £2,282,000. Therefore, so far as practical statesman- ship was concerned, the question to consider was not whether Voluntary schools should be abolished, but whether they were efficient, and, if not, how they could best be made so. After referring to the state of rural, secondary, and technical education. Sir Join; said the chief provisions of the'bill were a grant of 4s. for every child in all Voluntary and-some Board schools, the aboli- tion ot the 17. ed. limit, the raising of the age of com- pulsory full-time attendance to twelve years, the addi- tion to the "conscience clause" of a clause directing that one of the conditions on which every elementary school should receive public money should be that if a reasonable number of parents required to have separate religious instruction given to their children it was to be the duty of the managers of the school to permit all reasonable arrangements to be made for allowing that religious instruction to be given ; the creation of a para- mount educational authority in every county and borough, which should be the one channel through which public money was distributed, and which should have the administration also of the special grants for technical and secondary education; the exemption of Voluntary schools from rating ; and the giving of power to the rat- ing authority to check the increase in School Board expenditure. Mr. AeLAND described the bill as the most enormous change in our educational system this conntry had ever seen. After some debate leave was given to bring in the bill, which was then brought in and read a first time. A bill for the registration of teachers was ' also brought in and read a first time, and the House then adjourned until Thursday, April 9.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
THU CHILDREN'S SCRIPTURE UNION.

On Monday evening a meeting was held in Em- manuel Schoolroom over Arpley Stution, in connec- tion with the Children's Scripture Union, which is carried on under the auspices of the Children's Special Service Mission. A bright and interesting address was given by Mr. Bernard Herklots, 8.A., district secretary. There was a good attendance, including visitors from Penketh and Stockton Heath The chair was occupied by the Rev. Edward T. Reed.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF A WELL-KNOWN ATHLETE.

Sebastian H. Kendrick, aged 51 years, died at his residence, Lacy-street, Widnes, on Monday night. At one tithe deceased was one of the most promin- ent athletes in the county and his connection with the Widnes Football Club extended over a great many years. He figured in the first match played by that club of which he was a member up to eight years ago. As an athlete he was very suc- cessful and won prizes for races from the 100 yards sprint to a quarter of a mite and three years ago won the veteran's 100 yards handicap at Bebington. His interest in sport never flagged, and he attended the Runcorn and Wigan match last ,Saturday. He had been ailing for some time hut the immediate cause of death was a sharp attack of pleurisy.

LIURS. —SEALSKIN JACKETS and FURS of every dcz- cription Cleaned or Re—Dyed and Altered. Fur Skins Dresses! and Made-up into Rugs, Muffs, Collars, &c.—B. CooKE, Manufacturing Furrier 11 Upper Newington, and 21, Rnahaw-street,Liverpool, Establlshadnver 21 years,

SPECIAL SHOW of SP iING FASHIONS, in Mantles Jeckets, Plush Capes, ito , on Wednesdav next and following clays.—H. T. EvAles, 17, Sankey-street. Warrington,--,44drt.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
CITRIOIIB DROWNING FArALITr AT RUNCORN.

THE INQUEST.

On Monday afternoon Mi. J. Worsley held an inquest at the Police Station, Runcorn, touching the death of John Newton, a labourer, residing in Windbill-st.,, who was found drowned in the canal on Saturdayinight. Thomas Newton, re:Ming in Windmill-st., Runcorn, said deceased was his son aged 23 years. He was a labourer,but had been out of work for about TA:months. Deceased lived with' him. On Saturday night bis.son was brought home about nine o'clock by a man. He was the worse for drink. His other son, Thomas. came soon after.and the two men had a bit of bother. Thomas was drunk ana John wanted to fight. He prevented his sons from fighting. John then went into the yard and called for his other son to come out. Thomas refused,and when he (witness) went into the yard he found deceasediha d gone. He afterwards heard that he was drowned. The canal was about 50 yards from his house. Deceased ieft his coat and vest in the yard. Thomas Newton.a brother of the deceased,said that he found his brother in his father's house an Saturday night. They were both drunk and he did not remember what the quarrel was about. Deceased went into the yard and asked him to come out and fight. Deceased had never talked about drowning himself • or taking' away his life. _ _

Frederick Bushall said he lodged with the father ef the deceased and was in the house when both .I3hn and Thomas Newton came in. Both were drunk and they got talking about football. One thing led t ) another and deceased went outside to fight Tom but Toth would not go out. He did not see anything more of the' de- ceased. Deceased would not be sober enough to know what he was doing. He had seen deceased sitting on the wall abutting the canal and he was in the habit of doing so.

Mary Harrison, a girl living in Queenland-st., said she was going by the canal and saw a man put his arms on the wall. He stayed in that position for two minutes and then got .on the wall. He lay on the wall for a short time and she afterwards heard a splash in the water. She raised an alarm. She heatd deceased muttering to him- self.

William Shaw, seamen's missionary, at Runcorn, said that he was called abouttwenty minutes to ten a nd re- covered the body. He consideled that it would be easy to rescue the man if anyone had been there. The Coroner: That's what I have been thinking. Could you not find anyone who was there at the time? P.f.l). Gregory. Na sir :. but I might say, that it is a very dangerous place. A juryman present has saved two lives there.

The foreman of the jury - in giving the verdict said that they were of an opinion that deceased went to sit upon the wall and fell into the water; is verdict of "'Accidental drowning" was therefore returned.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The monthly meeting of this Board was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday morning. Mr. Wil- liam Houghton occupied the chair, and there were also present :.--Nfrs. Clay, Revs. T. R. Matthews, J. H. Riddette, Father Moore, Dr. Patterson, Messrs. S. Davies, G. Pilling, A. J. Jolley, G. Thompson, W. Rickman, A. Lang, J. Clarke, T. Halton, T. B. Mal- kin, W. Cross, R. T. Lowe, J. Warburton, J. Billiuge ,A. Jolley, J. W. , Knowles H. Ribbon, B. L. Bent with X. C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (deputy clerk), and C. H. Ward k Master).

===== 0002601_18960404_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
TEE NEW MEMBER.

Mr.. R. T. Lawn took his seat on the Board for the first time as the representative of Riaton-with-Glaze- brook, in place of the -late Rev. G. F. Roberts.—The Cnmem..s.N.introduced him t) the Board, and said they were very glad to have his assistance. Mr. Lowe would have some diffieulty to rid the place of his predecessor, but no doubt they would have his full interest in the work of the Bard. Ele h )ped they would get on very well together.—The °LEK( said Mr. Lowe was declared elected; and he was enti i led to sit with them now.

SCHOOL ATTENDANCE COMMITTEE.

The School Atteraince Committee recommended that the tender of Mr. Pickavance, of Bridge-it., for leather be accepted ;. also that Mr. Forshaw be called in to in- spect the steam gauge tub Is which were out of order. Tha 'cases of scarlet fever wen reported ts be cnnvales- cent. On the motion of Mr. DAVIES, the minutes were passed.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. WATKINS AND THE VOTE OF CONDOLENCE.

The CLERK read a letter he had received from Dr. Watkins, of Newton, with re,zard to the vote of sym- pathy passed by the Board with him in his recent be- reavement. He wished to express their heartfelc grati- tude. for the very kindly expressions in the discussion of the vote, and alco thanked the Clerk and Deputy.Glerk for the kind sympathy conveyed in the letter sent to him.. REPAYMENT OF RELIEF.—wARRINGTON VERSUS WIGAN.

Tne CHAIRMAN aked the Clerk to read a short staie- rnent made by Mr. Jonner Fast at the last meeting of the Wigan Board of Guardians. It was comparing a very important department of the Warrington Union with the samedepartra.nt at Wigan, very much to the advantage of Warrington He 'bought it was but their duty to hrweit read, and give credit to their officers when it was due.—ln the statement alluded to Mr. Jenner Fast after quoting statistics IV-lowing that the cost of relief in the Wigan union Vja qj.-'sing at an alarming rate, the auditor compared the Wigan system and results with the system and results °Drained in the Warrington Union. He remarked th,t in Warrington they had one collector, whilst in the Wigan Union the relieving officers did the collecting. The amount of relief r,enverei in the Wigan Union from relatives was £445, and of that only £BB .was re- covered in respect of out-door relief given. The amount recovered taken as a whole was 1.88 per cent. of the ex- penditure. In Warrington the expenditure was £11,805 and the amount T ecn vend £998 or a per centage of 836: He pointed out that if the e4lection in Wigai had been at the same rate as in Warrington £1,9701 would have been recovered instead of £445. The comp irisons between the two unirns was rather a striking one. It might be that they did not take the same view of the desirability of recovering from relatives that the War- rington Guardians did, but he would remind them that the result of not making relatives pay who could Day, was that they made others pay who were not relatives which seemed hardly fair. He thought it would be wise to consider whether it would not be advisable to appoint someone to collect throughout the tininn at a per cent- age, and also to attend to the removal of lunatics.—The Chairmon : That is a very great compliment. I think the Board may share it. (Laughter.)

THE ESTIMATES.

The Clerk read the ',qt.-yearly estimates, ending Michaelmas 1896 He said the estimates were as follows: —Maintenance, £2,200; non-resident poor., £l2; tics, £1,650 ; extra medical fees,£2o ;vaccination,/75; registration,2lso ; salaries and superannuation, £1,500; out-relief. £2.200 ; rations, £245 ; assessments, £250 ; legal expenqpq and apprehensions,£2s; miscellaneous ex- penditure,£l.3oo ; total.£9 727: compared with 291942 for the half-year ending March 28. Acting upon the rule to apply one half cf the grants recently received in aid of salariesilunatics. etc.,to tne use of the second half of the finann'al year, the common fund credits were reckoned at £2,620, wlereby the total estimated union outlay for onmmm charges was £7,107, against 27,322. An equal rate of 4p. in the z which was the true poor rate,would produce £6,963. The Board was legally re- sponsible for the payment of county rates and the ten- dency of such rates was toincrease, and the last call showei an increas- v)•son the previous one. The esti- mates fixed upon £4,107 for county rate,ancithe calls to be made on parishes were as follows :—Burtonwood, £546 ; Clierdley,2l9s ; Haydock,26so ; Houghton,276 ; Latchferd,2479 ; Newton.£l.B64 ; Penketh,22s6 ; Poul- ton, £197 : Rixton, 2246';: Great Sankey, £247; Little sanlrev,234B ; Croft, £l5O ; Winwick. £450; Woolston, £147 ; Warrington, £4,872; total, £10,723, payable by three equal sums OE £3,574 6s. Bd. on May 6th, July 15`h, and August 26th. To provide the expenseq of the School Attendance Committee in respect whereof no calls were made last year, the rural non-school Board parishes would have to contribute as follows :—Ciaerd- lev, £4 16s. 10d.; Honehtnn, £1 19s. 2d.; Penketh. £6 16s. 2d.; Poulton, £5 4s. 4d.; Rixton, £6l2s. 11d.; Little Sankey, £7 3s. 11d.; Winwick, £ll 17. 6d.; Wootton, £3 14s. Bs. Although forming no part of the Board's finance, it would be oT service to the rural parishes to add to thiLstatement that the contributions from the Rural District Council were based upon an equal rate of ltd. in the £. It was satisfactory to re- port that the rateable value of the Union was £352 246 ' in succession of £346788 in September, and £347382 in April last. Upon the new confirmed order for the ex- tension of the union becoming operative this would be further substantially increased. Material exceptional outlay had recently been incurred by various necessary inaproveinents, and the Board also Nixed it impracticable further to delay the erection of a long- wanted new infirmary for the reception and better treat- ment of sick poor, and to extend the general accommo- dation of the workhouse. Every effort was being made to make such provision by as economical methods as might with prudence be T . ed,and was hoped w'th the effect of avoiding any serious addition to the poor rate. It was, however, all the more i necessary for ratepayers when increases in the demand!' n aid of the poor were made upon them, to avoid misapprehensions by careful examination of particulars of the rate which had long been treated as en omnibus rate, and been made to carry burdens altogether foreign to the name of poor rate.—The estimates were adopted. The Board then went into committee.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0088.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
)

===== 0002601_18960404_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
_ 1 5 .:fili And to prove it I will GIVE you a botqe Cl remedy for nothing, so that you may try, paying out any m.rey. I have made a life-011c0V of Fits, Epilepsy, St. V tqs. Dance, etc.,. an„rl-114 fti: say cure I mean a radical cure, Don't COL 'of teo TO SUFFER, but i.en . '.3cl, for carriage, TIZIt/I' monials and FREE astrle of Meclicine, a'ai,,i.ri' / R. C. ROOT. 28, Endsleigh Garlen3, LONO7'- , --- VI ___„........ ..ril, , 2;.,..,,,, ,ar ~ ~1 ••° al ~ - g curol'', .!5: 'tile' i

frE CASE c-r,

Contagious Di-, t-

Prict 5.

Only of 0 l'1;;;

Deansgate. MzuF

00-101 to' 10 bop direc NI 'err

testira

-rew:, tal it guy.' - NAIL 4,.• ME.- _, 80100 (Opposi&fs Ulislreditch Church).—Lozdoth -..„ ~.,.„7,.,:.,,, .4,',.:i:.g'._-i-,1....: . 4,-,,, ioY ...-,, ~.' q- •', ' ' ~ . ri' ii ••••-14 k-,, . .',i . ', .-t -) „, ~ 1,1, ~ fls.Sl?-••,,,,,;" ~,;I_,•,'- ,=, :,, , - i :,- ...,.:I;\",io,7fSt ~ ~, , ..-.,,,,-. ' •

f Ps' Ori ,00

===== 0002601_18960404_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
Oak .13 tool all right, " proper) , and nu

===== 0002601_18960404_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
0.1.0.1Pqr ;

===== 0002601_18960404_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
A c

\V ITII a Lip

IIlk: I" find ''4riouB co,

ts tBtecl by n 'm 48 the h

===== 0002601_18960404_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
Co

OP PURE

___

L, _

‘ - %, 'SI:, ~ , 7\ -,;:>,, \ , %., \ \ 't ~..-.N: `,...7',:, ,

===== 0002601_18960404_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
-k`iaci $.

-Q( 4t) opt

===== 0002601_18960404_art0095.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18960404_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASURE 1 EPHENS' FURNIT

and ComfoP

ual

!=t4kirig,a' Lf: habit is haron, ution, as incre3l be taken iIor0„ Itcts which are ofte," not pernianell the other ho°

I use of

FORN/A

p OF

~,,tys

7e highly recoo leading doctorsl S on, the KidneYs, Bowels, witllotit

lem, and it is Pel

om every object ity arl substance. tie and mild j4°. ,rompt and unfair

erniatient cure °I Constipation' Headache, Indfr all kindred conli

; from torpid liver iuses. Syrup 4/1

e system -regtilar•

ne remedy, named Syra

ifactured only by the G SYRUP COMPANI• 3, is. .IA-d. and e. gd. low HILL, LoNnoN,

AC AD

HAMIN PILLS ?ed Pastille 3.)

Jmagly recarnmencled lDigs. It is invalu stP"

u. of boa To be obtained Hite.

DWARDS & soN, letiaria Street, Lonclon:> ELRLESTOWN.

te.tereir Pala cure_ all. ate, beyenct all question, • J.r.-r••lndlgestion! • 2.7 '''sud4l=l2.oP,V;RLOOd'e'ein.,ll, P.; TATION of )1. .17.1-DIG.ES7:aII jYEfIID ,;DTAITY, f;ril TOM ° #

it" „4„1z::7•4N4.0, • and Free frolli

11.7.. of aa meraiia and du

10. Spital Square, London, 5' =rem

S

iIE So „001. ,ADIES I .d.Part'h cui.arlifsagic) all obstructio%seand it'.-ot urea lusuggly in a few h° 9 11 of the best medical Inen'off, bstinate &hopeless ca se° v,O: this remedy. Mrs. Wil.o.olF, 1, says: "Your invaig•Ar act; in less than 12 bot;ir ka a misery and h0P,e,,,, rantke is enclosed with 11. 0111 package at 4s. 6d. is tl,B_,lii sand at once fully direcnot, 'a. Iwill forfeit £lOOO foroV, e. Thousands of test 10,110" led over 100 years. Difiej;,, % and other so-called tr Write privately, at WO' e '

./Iltiq: " ~ E, HACKNEY, SF,

4sit Chuxob).

I,7eitiol!

4 ii 4 0f,14 .v E you a bottle ... May i t l'o9l 00,0:4 A "Olio -11 eoi of !/141 P. riA te .co

- - , ...... ' i , , ....... virso . , -i 1 , i 1 i .._ K 4 K ..„ ~. , ~ . , ( , , , _ • , , ..„ „..,..„....._,....., • • . di- • 1044600 . ~ 'i . f, t•-.- er C , . jiiii,,: ri -.., _ 4.!.... i "" It :e.- I FLAVOR'', -- , • ,t c ,E :«9 \A .. , • .

{,m:m)lago

0111 1101 CREAO

1174,y2/72 and I ronmoitt N BROS., BRAD

try and *CON' riage, 4=l ,

===== 0002601_18960404_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
No expense is spared to make our "D.C.L. ' Yeast perfect ba.,_ home use and Bakers' requirements. If you have not tried it send to us Or Booklet of Instructions. Sole Manufacturers: THE DISTILLERS Co., Ltd., EDINBURGH. Alvvratys ask for 6612.C.L." Ammo

I '.4 -

===== 0002601_18960404_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
-----,2-ie,-. ---..,, ~"'" 4,',.., " 4-4;4,, .-- 'o',.:' - - 7 1111 i: ',.' '--.', .` . ' I . ~: , .... . , .. . , . -.,.. ' ::=,.. ik ...,.. Wlil 11:-I . , ',-.: .6 ~. ',,,ti:',;'6:: ' '''

, . . , . . • .. ~ 9 ...,....., , •••. r Ark,. , f .. . . . . . . . , .... .. , .. . .. , . . , . .. , . . . - . A'. . . . . , , . .. . . . . .. . . , .. ~, . . , ~...,..„....,-„,:,.....,.....,.....,..,.. „.. . ..:• .„ ..., • ~ ..,..., • . . . . . . . . ~ , ....: , . . ......... . ,• .;:. . . • ~ . . . . . ..,. .., .. ... . . . ... 4. . ..,,, 4,... , ...4.,.,. .:.,... . .• . ~ , . ... .PI , .. . ... • .„...... ~,. ~. . ..,:.:1:-0:;:';',e:.4'.';'; ....3.41iV ',."e4.-A-:.;!:.tr-,-*z,'.4.:.'.1.r.,-'.. .....,-..1' ~' . 4. "-;s-; sfk.

PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS

Are universally admitted to be worth a Guinea a Box for Bilious and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings of Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Scurvy, Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Trembling Sen- sations, Sze. The first dose will give relief in twenty minutes. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try one Box of these Pills, and they will be acknowledged to be

BEECHAIVI'S BEECHAM'S BEECHAM'S BEECHAM'S BEECHAM'S

BEECHAM'S BEECHAM'S BEECHAM'S BEECHAM'S

BEECHAM'S BEECHAM'S BEECHAM'S BEECHAM'S BEECHAIVI'S

===== 0002601_18960404_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
2• ,s. • A A•\ • 1r • 4 . • . ... I Gu 1 s.„ e BOX I •

For Females of all ages these Pills are invaluable, as a few doses of them carry off all humours and bring about all that is required. No Female should be without them. There is no medicine to be found equal to BEECHAM'S PILLS for removing any obstruction or irregularity of the system. If taken according to the directions given with each Box, they will soon restore Females of all agds to sound and robust health. This has been proved by thousands who have tried them, and found the benefits which are ensured by their use.

For a weak stomach, impaired digestion, and all disorders of the liver, they act like magic, and a few doses will be found to work wonders upon the most important organs in the human machine. They strengthen the whole muscular system, restore the long-lost complexion, bring back the keen edge of appetite, and arouse into action, with the rosebud of healththe whole physical energy of the human frame. These are facts testified continually by members of all classes of society and one of the best guarantees to the nervous and debilitated is,

===== 0002601_18960404_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S 'ILLS

Have the largest sale of any patent medicine in the world, being six million boxes per annum.

Prepared by THOMAS• BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, Sold by all Druggists and Patent Medicine Dealers everywhere, in Boxes WA., is. Id., and 2s. 9d each. With full directions, THE Is. 11d. BOX CON TAINS FIFTY-SIX PILLS,

===== 0002601_18960404_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
E-u, -7. A PATE ,m„ 12.1. A

4CO totti IVIIVIENDS ITSELF ; it is efficacious, economical, cleanses the teeth, perfumes the breath, removes tartar, and prevents decay. It is composed of the best known ingredients 1.4 b elltralizinb ff the acids of the mouth, preventinb ff all deleterious deposits upon the teeth, and is a pleasant and reliable dentifrice. BE ceI.ILVIVI'S TOOTH PASTE is put up in collapsible „n ' hN „ , `() lieetly airtight, and so adjustable that no waste need occur ; the packacrb b bes are pretty for the toilet table, and most convenient for the travelling hao'• Or all ifiti..-,rgists, or from the Plietor) "LNIIILLONEING, postage paid. . .

===== 0002601_18960404_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
tEECHAM'S tEECHAM'S tEECHAM'S tEECHAM'S ttLCHAM'S ttECHAM'S ttECHAM'S tt ECHAM'S tt ECHAM'S ttECHANS tECHAM'S ttECHAIVI'S ttECEAM'S tt ECHAM'S

PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS

PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS

PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS

===== 0002601_18960404_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, APRIL 4, 1896.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
, ' - ' • '`...1.11(..","=.1

===== 0002601_18960404_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
SMITH'S TASTELESS

DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

is 10. and 26. 9d. per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps) are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety, after excess in eating or drinking, and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or bier. =Hale, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road.

lIIMERWROFIRMIXIMINEXEcIimmaornamessouguns ' - These tiny CAPSULES I ~:,., , are superior to Balsam .., ' ' of Copaiba, Cubebe or , S. NT4 '‘ Injections and cure in _N- ' 48 hours the same . ~..,:, ' diseases without ineon• 47..,..;( venienee. 4/6 of all Cho- . in, mists. Or post free. Li'''!"-- WILCOX & Co., .-- 09, OXFORD BL, LONDON, W 111111111111111111111111111111131.1111=11111.M1

===== 0002601_18960404_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
London:

PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORY, BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, is. lid., per box, by post for 15 stamps; a known cure, however bad the ase. SMITH'S NVALUABLE PILE POWDER, AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZbNGES, SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DEAF HEAP.

Deafness, Head Noises, and all other distressing ailments associated with loss of hearing, absolutely cured by using " AURALINE ESSENCE" after all else has failed. 7he most marvellous medical discovery of the Nineteenth Century. Acts like a charm. Hundreds of grateful testimonials. Sufferers I Why remain deaf when a cure awaits you? Post free, 2s. 9d. per Bottle.—THE MACKEY REMEDY COMPANY, 104, High Holborn, London.—Beware of injuri- us instruments and other appliances.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
13tiblirattono.

I ADIES.—" The Lady's Guide." Every lady should read Li tt.is little Treatise. It gives information of vital im- portance to all Ladies under all circumstances and in all conditions of life. Knowledge is power and the means of happiness. and this golden opportunity should not be lost. Post free in envelope for is. Postal order and one stamp.— Address FIDES, 43 Brook Green, London, W. Please name paper.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE TO MEN.

When you are -tired of taking u tuseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you no good, but only ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN care tor lost strength, wasting weakness, dm, from whate,7e cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Sent in envolope o•• receipt of two stamps for postage A. J.LEIGH, 92-93, Great Russell-street. London. W.O

===== 0002601_18960404_art0111.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A

===== 0002601_18960404_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
BOOK FOR MARRIED WOMEN

The information contained in this book ought, to be known by every married woman, and it will not harm the unmarried to read. The book is c ,nveniently divided into 12 chapters. The first chapter treats of the changes at puberty, or when a girl becomes a woman. The second chapter treats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint ; points out the best age for marriage, and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful in- formation that one can ordinarily get only from an in- telligent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage of blood relations; and condemns such marriages as a. rule. Chapter four treats of the signs of pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how a woman should live during the pregnant state. The sixtb chapter treats of mishaps and how to avoid them. The seven; h chapter treats cf maternal impressions and shows that birthmarks are not due tolongings on the part of the mother, bat rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how to have easy confinements. Certain people believe that women should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made comparatively easy if certain rules are obeyed ; these rules are given. The ninth chapter treats of the proper management of confinement until the baby is born. The tenth chapter tells how to treat the mother till she is up and about again. The eleventh ()fleeter treats of sterility ; gives the main causes of it, how these may be overcome and children result. The last chapter treats of the "change," a most important article for all women over forty. The book is full of useful information and no book is written which goes so thoroughly into matters relating to married women. Some may think too much Is told ; such can scarcely be the case, for knowledge is power and the means of attaining hapniness. The book can be had from Dr. T• R. ALLINSON, 25 Box, 4, bpanish-place Manchester-square, London, W., in return or a Postal crder for is. ld.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
t, • N 4,14: field\ AA.; -1 4::1, 1 .;t7 r; • :$ .s 4*.• „ -• . • • • • .• ,

!L" e;(:

===== 0002601_18960404_art0114.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
FOUND DEAD.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
1.; ' I , . 1 \ '- -, 1 .. _ 1k

===== 0002601_18960404_art0116.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i

===== 0002601_18960404_art0117.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18960404_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
FURNISH THROUGHOUT AT GERSHON'S

44, OLDHAM - STREET, MANCHESTER. NEXT TO THE ADELPHI BANK, 17, 19, and 21. HILTON-STREET, all adjoining and COMMUNICATING with 44. OLDHAM-S tREET,

===== 0002601_18960404_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
MANCHESTER.

ATARVELLOITS BARGAINS IN GENUINE iU SECOND-HAND FURNITURE, PIANOS, &c., GILLOW,

DOVESTON, SNOWDON.

DYSON,

OGDEN, LAMB,

AND OTHER NOTED MAKERS.

T'" TALK AND COUNTRY CHAT Subject: STRAIGHTFORWA.HDNMS. HONESTY, LESS HUMBUG-, AND FAIR DEALING-. Mr. GERSHON is amused at the advertising war now rag- ing, and each one seems to adopt the same means by copying his advertisement. Mr. GERSHON implores all intending purchasers to beware of bage imitations, who, jealous of his vast triumphs, puff their secondary goods, but which are in reality much Inferior. Mr. GERSHON takes his stand upon the rock of "Honesty and Justice." which are the guiding principles of his business, and from which precepts time nor tide will cause him to rece

===== 0002601_18960404_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
TERMS OF BUSINESS

GOODS PACKED AND DELIVERED FREE. RAILWAY FARE PAID TO COUNTRY CUSTOMERS.

GOODS STORED FREE TILL REQUIRED. " REMEMBER."

Any lot advertised may be had on the deferred payment system at a charge of 5 per cent. Goods exchanged if not "satisfactory. Mr. Gershon will purchase or take in exckange a single article or complete houses of furniture.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPARE PRICES.

LATE THE PROPERTY OF A BANDMASTER. Complete house of furniture, consisting of the whole furniture flr three rooms, sitting room, bedroom, full size bedstead, mattrass, bEd, bo'ster. pillows, sheets, blankets, bolster case, pillow slips, and kitchen complete, all like new ; price 14 guineas, or 5 per cent extra on the deferred payment system. Call and inspect them. No harm done if you don't buy.

GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL ARCADE, 44, Oldham-street, Manchester. (N ext to the Adelphi Bank).

LATE the PROPERTY of a SCHOOLMASTER. A Charming House of Furniture, really like new. It consists of dining room site in leather, extending dining table, carpet, rug, fender, fire brasses, lace curtains, window pole complete, magnificent b: lroo la suite (not painted, solid wood), enclosed dre,sing-table, large bevelled glass attached; enclosed washstand, marble slab, tile back, and bevelled shav- ing mirror, they form to complete chest of drawers; full-size handsome black and brass becitead, wire spring mattress, bed, bolster, pillows, sheets, b'ankets, pillow slips, bolster cases, toilet set, carpet, complete furniture for kitchen, floor- cloth for same, ditto for lobby and stairs. Call End inspect the lot. Get a complete list, and you will say they are a marvel of cheapneis for 24 guineas, or 5 per cent extra on the deferred payment system.

GERSHON, UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, Oldham-street, Manchester. next to the Adelphi Bank,

LATE THE PROPERTY OF A POSTMASTER. Another complete home, well worthy the attention of those about furnithing, all made by a roted maker ; dining- room,drawing-room,three bedrooms complete and kitchen.any amount of sundries. all guaranteed, condition is spotless, call and see them. packed, warranted, and delivered for £3B, or 5 per cent. extra if on the deferred payment system.

GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, Oldham-street, Manchester, next to the Adelphi Bank.

LATE TUE PROPERTY OF A DOCTOR AT HIGHER BROJGHTON. This lot was let on hire by a house who charged £175 for them ; the lot wants seeing to effect a speedy sale; magnifi- cent dining-room in solid walnut (the s'deborrd is well worth £25). the drawing-room in inlaid rosewood, the bedrooms are in satin walnut wood and American walnut. grandbedsteads, oil painting, kitchen furniture, dinner set, and sundries; space prevents anything like a complete list, call to see them. Don't forget they were sant out on hire for £175 ; my price, £5B, or 5 per cent. extra on the deferred payment system.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
GERSHON, 44, OLDHAM-STREET, MANCHESTER.

LATE THE PROPERTY OF A MANCHESTER MERCHANT. who was only married seven months. The goods are offered for sale by order of the trustees, in consequence of death. Every article is like new, and I guar- rantee that no house in Manchester can supply a complete house like it for four times the price quoted. I may here remark that the carpcts and floor coverings, being planned to the rooms, I have arranged to supply new carpets and linoleums. and whoever buys the lot will have perfect free- dom to select th* same. The diving-room, drawing room, and various bed rooms are furnished with goods of the best quality. All I ask is for intendinct customers to Inspect the lot, which I offer for £9B cash. warranted and delivered, or 5 er cent extra on the deferred paymert system.

GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE. 44, Oldham-street, Manchester, next to the Adelphl Bank.

LATE THE PROPERTY OF A CLERGYMAN.

Such a nice smart Dining Room in Leather: Small chairs, (padded bank), couch and easy chairs to match, solid frames, spring stuffed, a dead bargain for £5 15s ; handsome side- board to match, with bevelled glass back, £4 18s. ; extending dining table, to match with extra leaf,3Bs.; large size carpet, bordered, and rug to match, 285.; overmantel, a perfect beauty, 305.; fender, dogs, and fire braises, 18a, the lot; or the entire dining-room lot as above for £lB 71., or five per cent extra on the deferred payment system.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE. 44, Oldham-street. Manchester. next to the Adelphi Bank

LATE THE PROPF,RTY OF MRS. WOODWIN. A charming Suite,which I have re-covered in handsome saddle bags; the woodwork is second hal (I. covering new small chairs, easy chairs, and couch,all to ma ch ; worth £l5; price now, £5 15s. Cabinet, Table, and Overmantel to match, making a charming lot for very littio money, Add 5 per 'cent. if on the deferred paymkt system.

GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADH, 44, Oldham-street, Manchester next to the Adelpht Bank,

LATE THE PROPERTY OF A BANKRUPT SILK MBACHANT. Without doubt the handsomest fittings for a dining-room ever seen. Money cannot buy better. The small chairs are most handsomely carved. The lounge chairs and couch are all upholstered in 9. rest crocodile leather, everlasting wear. The handsome sideboard. overmantel, and large extending dining table are all 'n dark (nearly black) Chippendale maho- gany. I am informed they, cost nearly £200; can now be had for 68 gu.ne,as I have also the drawing reom, which is simply magnificent, and a number of bedroom suites. One suite is in real satinwood, richly Inlaid, and I know for a positive fact it cost two years since 250 guineas, and is now on offer for 85 guineas. Another massive suite in solid wal- nutwood cannot 43 described, it's quite equal to new, in fact, better, it cost £9s—the invoice is in my possession—can now be had for 55 guineas, warranted and delivered.

GRRSHON'S UNIVRRSAL FURNISHING ARCADR. 44, Oldh%m-street, Manchester, next to the Adelphi Bank

LATE the PROPEETY of an HOTEL PRO- PRIETOR. A Number of Bedroom Suites. Bach suite has a wardrobe with bevelled glAss door, enclosel dressing-t ble gl.,ss at- tached ; enclosed washstand, with marble slab,tile back, and shaving mirror; beefide cupboard, rail and chairs. Is the goods are Ash. Birth, Walnut. Mahogany, Cyprus, and other woods ; prices. 7. 8, 10, 12. 15, and 18 guineas the suite. One Suite, with 61t. 6in. wardrobe and 41t. toilets cost £4O. for 27 guineas, or 5 per cent. extra on the defer.zed payment system.

GIVISHON'S UNIVRRSAL FURNISHING ARCA.DH, 44, OLDHAM-SURRET, SIANCHH3tHR.

LATE TIIE PROPERTY OF AN ACCOUNT- A T. Several BOOKCASH 4, in various sizes and woods. Very nice Mahogany B Acease, 411. wide, top part enelosed with Oasts folding doors moveable shelves. lower portion enclosel wiih cupboards and drawers ; ()rim only £4 18.. Another 51t. wile ; another Sit. win, Anil a Grand Carved Oak Book- case; cost £3.1. for 27 guineas.

ON VIEW AT GIMSIION'S_IINIVBREAL VURNISHING

AUCADR. 44, OLDHAX-STRISHT, MANCHEiTEtt.

-G' -Hos, ni.xt to the AuLPfIE BANK, 44, OLDHAM-81'1MT, ITANCRESIT,II.

BB CAREFUL, QECOND-HAND FUR.NITURPI is beina Myer- tised, and COON DIRW LONDON RUB3ISII IS :BEING SOL

GENUINE SECOND-HAND. IS:O NONSENSE,

)EMEMBER

RAILWAY FARMS A':T3 PAID FOR COITITTRY TO/tERS.

R r, 31 Fi IA BER,

ALL GOODS ARB-D-ELIVEItED CAURIAGR FRith.

It 11 ER '6MB ER, •

GIitIiSHOWS AT-ETDRHSS • IS NEXTITNTHE HI BA.NE, • 44, 0; MANCHE Tltll

===== 0002601_18960404_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
ILettero to the Mitor.

BANK QUAY STATION, WARRINGTON.

Sir,—Will you kindly:publish the following letter, if your space will allow. On Monday last, seven of the men who appear to have a regular stand at the corners surrounding the above station and to the annoyance of the passers-by, were summoned by the police for ob- struction, and we wish to contradict a statement made by a certain gentleman to the effect that there were in- sufficient outside badge porters at the station and that if it were not for the men referred to 'passengers would have to wait for their luggage to be taken away. Now we wish to point out to the public that thew are six badge porters and it takes us all our time to get a living, owing to other men stopping servants who have been sent to the station by thcir master or mistress for , an outside porter,and questioning them as to their busi- ness and then informing the parties that they are outside porters. In other cases, if we happen to miss a traveller when he is leaving the platform, these men inform him that they are outside badge porters, and are engaged as such. Now this is a great injustice to us, as we have to pay for our badges. Trusting you will kindly do us this favour by publishing the above, we remain, yours sincerely,

OUTSIDE BADGE PORTERS, Bank Quay Station.

LIVE SEPULTURE : AN URGENTLY NEEDED

REFORM.

Sir.—The unreliability of the various signs of death, except"putrefaction,renders.it extremely'difficult,even for experts, to tell whether the indent is really deao. This is well illustrated by a case recently reported in the "Sheffield Daily News "where the body of a man, sup- posed to be dead, was placed in a church prior to burial, and after remaining there for several hours came to life to the consternation:of his relatives and medical adviser. Such cases are by no means rare and accentuate the dread that many people have of being buried alive. It is only a short time since a case was reported in the Press,in which a sailor's bride, living near Weymouth,fell into a trance and remained in that state for five days, causing her friendsto believe she was dead; and if pub- lie attention had not just at that period been directd to this subject of live sepulture in all probability she would have been consigned to her grave. Amongst the numer- ous historicel cases related by Dr. Franz Hirtmann in his recently published treatise is the following :—" In a small town in Prussia, an undertaker, living within the limits of the cemetery, heard during the night cries pro- ceeding from within a grave in which a person had been buried the previous day. Not daring to interfere with- out permission, he went to the police and reported the matter. When,after a great deal of delay, the required formalities were fulfilled and permission granted to open the grave, it was found that the man had been buried alive,but he was now dead. His body, which had been cold at the time of the funeral,was now warm and bleed- ing from many wounds where he had skinned his head and hands n his struggle to free himself before suffoca- tion made an end to his misery." To be forewarned is to be forearmed,and the sooner people seriously consider the danger that threatens themselves and others of being alive in a state of trance, catalepsy, or other forms of suipended animation, from whatever cause, the sooner will reforms in the examination of the supposed dead, and the granting of certificates of death, be thought necessary. It is the duty of medical practitioners to carefully examine every supposed corpse, and ascertain the fact as well as the cause of death ; and the body, should be retained in a suitable place until decomposi- tion sets in.which,as Flufeland says," is the only reliable proof tbat the vital energy has departed from an organ- ism." _ _

Women and children are particularly liable to death- counterfeits ; also the poor, who suffer from nervous ex- haustion in their endeavour to earn a living, often alas ! insufficient to keep them from such perils.—Yours faith- fully, W. R. J. 25th March, 1896.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETII.

AN UNMUZZLED DOG.—George Palin was fined 7s. 61 including costs, at the Warrington County Sessiona on Wednesday,for allowing his dog to be at large unmuzzled in Penketh on the 17th ndarch. TEE PARISH COUNCIL ELECTION.—The election of Parish Councillors was duly held on Monday from 12 o'clock noon until 8 p.m. The election was held in the Infant's School. During the day the polling was pretty quiet, but at night the scene was rather livelier, and a good number were gathered to hear the declaration of the result. About 9.15, Mr. J. C. Sutton appeared and read out the list. The voting read—Mr. J.C.Routledge, 121 votes ; Dr. T. A. Murray, 116; Mr. C. E. Parker, 112; Mr. T. B. Tetlow, 101 ; Mr. W. Longshaw, 81 ;Mr. J. Dignum, 66 ; Mr. E. Cross, 60; Mr. R. Garnett, 59; Mr. D. McKechnie, 59 ; Mr. A. White, 59 ; and Mr. J. Millington, 51. The/first seven were declared elected. PRESENTATIONS.—On :_•unday afternoon at St. Mary's Mission-room, after the service, Miss A. Llosker was presented with a very pretty marble clock, by her fellow Sunday school teachers on the occasion of her forthcom- ing marriage. The Rev. J. R. Jones in a few well chosen words presented the clock with best wishes fcr the recip- ient's future happiness.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PARISH MEETIISG.

Last evening week the annual parish meeting was held in the Wesleyan School. Mr. J. C. Routledge, the chair- man of the late Parish Council, occupied the chair. There were present Messrs.Parker,Millington,and Ditch- field (overseers), and a good number of parishioners. The minutes of last annual meeting having been read the Clerk submitted the accounts of receipts and expen- diture during the past half-year. On poor rate account there had been a balance at the beginning of the half- year of £92 us. 9,1. The expenditure during six months had been-2252 to union ; £136 on highway ; £25 Bs. 2d. to Rural District Council, and £2l Os. 31. for sundries. The balance now in hand on the account was £92 10s. Bd. As to special expenses' account there had been a balance at the beginning of last half year of £3B 4s. 5d.; the expenditure had been £3O, and income from rate £B4 Bs. 91, so that there was now a balance of £72 133. 2d.,which would have to Ise applied to liquidation of the cast incurred by laying la new sewer at Halton Bridge. The estimate for the forthcoming half-year was very much the same as in the past. The poor rate would be is. 2d. in the 2, and the sanitary rate 4d. in the 2. The ratable value would be as last year. Messrs. Eden and Tetlow were re-elected for the office of burleymen. Mr. White wished to know whether the Technical Schools had been a success, and Mr. Routledge replied that out of 126 candidates from all parts of England six from Penketh had passed the necessary examination in the tanning class which he thought very good.—Mr. Hobson wished to know what was to be done in regard to a mortuary for bodies found drowned or otherwise,tte the landlords in the township could refuse to take them in. The senior overseer would perhaps find one on hi. door step some morning and he would have to take charge of it until the inquest. (Langhter.)—Mr. Rout- ledge said he thought that was a question more for the Parish Council than the parish meeting. Mr. Dignum wished to know the feeling of the meet- ing as to whether they wished to extend the lighting of the parish or to discontiuue it,as the present system was voted very satisfactory.—Mr. Millington said that the lamps cost £2 18s. 6d. per lamp per year. Out the War- rington people were charging more ler lighting than other towns. He considered that the present lighting was unsatisfactory. The subject of Halton Bridge was brought forward. The fault,it was said,lay with the Warrington Highway Board. The parishioners felt very strongly in the matter and hcped something would be done.—Mr. Foster read a report of the last meeting of the Warrington District Highway Board re this question. As to the question of lighting, the Chairman asked for a vote as to whether they ought to extend the lighting or discontinue it.—Mr. Foster said the matter was one solely for the Rural District Council, and as the parish had asked for,and got the lighting,they would now have to keep and pay for it.—Mr. Parker proposed that the matter should be left over to the Parish Council,and this was carried.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
PA D GATE.

THEFT or A PIIRSE.--PRISONER COMMITTED TO THE SESSIONS.—Mary Cross, a middle-aged woman, was charged at the Warrington County Sessions on Wedn,9- day, with stealing a purse value 2s. and co- taming 154. in money, the property of Charles Hill, from a dwelling house in Poulton, on the 23rd March.—Mrs. El; 11, War- rington-road, Poulton, said the purse was hers, and on the day in question she put the purse on the table in the kitchen. There was 15s. in it together with about 13 pence in copper. She went upstairs arid heard a chair move in the kitchen. The kitchen door was net latched. She Came down on hearing the noise and missed the purse. She went outside and saw a girl named Alice Amelia Welsby, who gave her information which caused her to go to the police. Sergeant Barnes brought the purse on the same afternoon and she identified it. It was empty.—Alice Amelia Welsby, Orchard-st.,Poulton, said that on the day in question she was opposite Mrs. Hill's house and saw the prisoner comie6, out of the back door. She ran out to Harris's farm-yard. She carried a small basket. Mrs. Hill came out and spoke to witness who told her what she had seen. They then went to the Police Station.—John Harrington.Warrington-road, Poul- ton, gave further evidence, and Sergeant Barnes stid he found the purse lying under a hedge at the back of the farm.lt was empty. He apprehended the prigoner on th, main road, at Poulton going in the dive, ion of Bedford Leigh on the 26th. He took her to Padgate Police Station and charged her. She replied that she never saw the purse before. Later in the afternoon she told witney, that she hap] taken the purse and money,a rid was drunk. She also said she h4d been drinking ever sinee.—Prisoner said she was guilty. There had been other charges against her previously and she was committed to the Liverpool Quarter Sessions.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER SATURDAY, APRIL 4, 1896.

NOTES ON GAMES AND

ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

The Warrington team which journeyed to Brighouse on Saturday was not one which could be considered to represent the true strength of the wirepullers. There were several notable absentees, and it was hardly to be expected that the team would beat the well-known Rangers who gave such a good account of themselves when they visited Warrington earlier in the season. Nevertheless they gave a very creditable display, and at the close of the game Ow score stood :—Brighouse 1-3-0, Warrington 1-1-0. When compared with the score on the Warrington ground by the satne team, viz. :-2-1-0 to 04-0, the defeat of Saturday's does not seem of any great enormity,and considering all the circumstances it must be admitted that Warrington did well in retiring from the Rangers ground with the score as it is. The Ranger 4 had by far the best of the play, and " Demon" in his notes on the .Y,ame,says that the home team showed far more activity than their opponents,and went about their werk in a more finished manner.

It was in the forward department that the Warring_ tonia.ns were complQtely beaten,and when this happens, the play of the whole team is upset, and nay account somewhat, for the lack of finish already mentioned. This latter quality has certainly not been vary prominent in the career of the Warrington team this season, and it is to be hoped that there will te an improvement before the close. Of the individual play on Saturday, Heesem must be mentioned as one who saved his side from disaster on many occasions by his safe tackling. Bate played a brilliant game throughout, and his play was freely coal- meu.ed upon by the spectators. O'Brien, who made a successful drop at goal, had plenty to do in looking after the well-known Lewis Brooke,and this he did in a clever fashion. Of the remaining threequarters, Cross was the best. The pick of the sadly overplayed Warrington for- wards were FairhurstOerry, and Andrews.

Warrington will again journey into Yorkshire to-day (Saturday) to encounter the Leeds club. It will be remembered that Leeds got rather a fluky win when they visited Warrington on November 9th, and gained two points in the combination by scoring a solitary try to nil. Many are looking forward to Warrington being able to avenge that defeat to-div.

The team chosen to represent the " good old town " is as follows : Hee.om, full back; Broady, Barber,Cross, Lawless, three-quarters ; Bate and Higginbotham, half backs ; Nevins, .ndrews, Saunders, Swift, Hill, Fair- hurst, Berry and Deakin, forwards.

The suspension of the Wakefield Trinity ground for three weeks on account of the spectators' rouia treat- ment of the referee in the Wakefield v. HalifaX match, will prevent Warrington from meeting the Trinitarians on their own ground. This decision of the committee of the Yorkshire section of the Northern Union deprives the Wakefield club of three home matches—Batley,War- rington and Hunslet—but the club recommend that the games should be played on the Horbury ground, some three miles away. Horbury is a village club that re- cently got into slight trouble, it will be remembered, over a Northern Union player,and the locals are reported to be desirous of seeking conselation in the latter: Union's ranks. Up to the present there is no confirmation of this report, but be that as it may. the use of their ground would, of course, bring about their expulsion from the English Union.

It is highly probable that the Wakefield club will journey to Warrington. Negotiations with that object in view have been opened, and the Warrington commit- tee have offered the "gate" to the Trinitarians if they will do so. There is every prospect of their falling in with the offer,and if they do so, we shall have the unusual opportunity of seeing the Wakefield team for the second time this season on the Wilderspool enclosure. The match is fixed for next Saturday, April 11th.

Manningham were fined on Tuesday evening for being the cause of a late start when they visited Warrington. The reason for the delay was the late arrival of Brown, one of their three-quarters. But as he did good service for them, and in some measure was the cause of the team winning the match, the committee have had no qualms in paying the fine. Even their own representa- tivo on the committee voted in favour of the imposition of it.

It is satisfactory to state that the prospects of the Northern Union in the Lancashire section are particu- larly bright, as it ia a positive fact that at least five clubs in the county are in treaty with Mr. Platt. Three of the would-be entrants are now wearing the mantle of mem- bers of the Lancashire Senior Competition. Of the others one occupies a prominent position in the Second Division and the other is outside the Competitions altogether. It may be ioteresting to know that at least two of the five teams have arranged to play a match on the last Satur- day in April. There is also a lot of uneasiness in the clubs comprising the Second Division, and now they have got an example some are almost certain to follow. The Northern Union is as follows :

Score. Score. PM. Won. Lost. Drn. For. Ag'st. Pts. anningham 35 o. 27 ... 8 0 ...285 —.137 ... 54 Halifax Oldham Runcorn 33 ... 18 ... 7 ... 8 ...239 _lOB ... 44 Leigh Beghouse Ran 35 f... 18 ... 10 ... 7 ...183 ...104 ... 43 Hull Wigan 34 ... 16 ... 11 ... 7 ...204 ...107 39 Hunslet Bradford ,136 14 ... 14 ... 8 ...198 ...154 ... 36 Tyldesley Leeds Widnes Liversedge 34 ... 13 ... 18 ... 3 ...218 ...274 ... 29 Warrington . 34 ... 12 ... 17 ... 5 ...147 ...182 ... 29 *St .Helens 39 11 ... 14 ... 7 ...128 -.165 ... 27 Stockpott Wakefield T '35 ... 11 ... 20 ... 4 ... 96 .. 266 ... 26 Batley 34 ... 7 ... 20 ... 7 ... 62 ...242 ... 21 Huddersfield 34 ... 8 ... 22 ... 4 —.139 —.201 ... 20 Brlght'n Ran 32 ... 5 ... 20 ... 7 —.105 ...163 ... 17 Rochdale H 3l ... 3 ... 20 ... 8 ... 59 ...248 ... 14 * St. Helenslhave;hadj.two points deducted for playing in- eligible men.

The Lancashire section is as follows :

Score Score Fla. Lid. Won Lost Tim For. A4est. Wigan Leigk Oldham l5 .- 9 -. 4 -. 2 -.126 -. 45 .- 20 Runcorn Tyldesley Widnes Warrington *St. Helens Stockport Rochdale H lb 2 ... 8 ... 5 ... 35 ...110 ... 9 g'hrn Ran l6 ... 0 ... 10 ... 6 ... 21 ... 81 ... 6 *St. Helens have had two pints deducted for playing ineligille men.

The Yorkshire section is as follows : Score Sc )re Pia. Pld. Won. Lost. Drn For. Ag'st. Manningham 17 ... 14 ... 3 ... 0 ...135 ... 53 ... 28 Hallfaxl ll ... 11 ... 5 ... 2 ...119 ... 68 ... 24 Hull l6 ... 9 ... 6 ... 1 ...109 50 19 Erghonse Ran l7 ... 7 ...7 ... 3 ... 74 ... 46 ... 17 Bradford l9 ... 6 ... 8 5 ... 74 ... 81 ... 17 Hunslet Liversedize lB ... 7 ••• 9 ... 2 :..102 _ll2 .... 16 Huddersfteld l7 ... 5 ... 11 1 ... 64 ... 91 ... 11 Batley l7 ... 4 ... 10 3 ... 37 ...102 ... 11 Wakeft'd Trity 17 ... 5 ... 11 1 ... 47 ...147 ... 11

===== 0002601_18960404_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

A very interesting event in local association circles was the final tie in the " Observer " cup competition on Saturday. A bright day with a stiff breeze blowing across the ground, were the conditions under which the, match was played on the cricket ground at Warrington. The St. Elphin's team and Barnton R )vers were the two competing tams and a very determined match was wit- nessed. The Rovers.won the cdp last year, and their supporters were " cock-sure " that the trophy would again go Barntonwards. Quite a large number had tra- velled from Barnton to witness the match, and they were greatly surprised at the resistance their team met with by the St. Elphin's club, which has played strongly throughout the competition. The result of an evenly contested game was a draw—two goals being scored by each, and the matck will now have to be replayed.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

GIFT TO THE WARRINGTON INFIRMARY.

We understand that Mr. George Dakin (hon. trea- surer of the Warrington Infirmary and Dispensary), has received a letter from Lady Greenall expressing her willingness to contribute the sum of £4O 2s. 81, being the amount of the deficiency on the working of the institution for the year 1805. Her ladyship's generosity is much appreciated. THE INDECESTIASSAULT AT WARRINGTON.

At the Crown Court of the Liverpool Assizes, on Tuesday, before Mr, Justice Kennedy, Samuel Wil- liams (19), labourer, was found guilty OE having at Warrington, on November 30, indecently assaulted Lettice Warburton, a girl six years of age. The prisoner was sent to penal servitude for five years. —Evidence was given by several Warrington wit- nesses, including the girl, her mother, and Drs. Connell and Starkey Smith.—Mr. Collingwood Hope appeared for the prosecution, and Dr. Cummings M.P., for the defence.

HorsEl:Emu LiNENs.liemmed—and marked free of charged —J. and W. DUTTON. •ankm.v-st., Warrington.— Advt. SPECIAL SHOW of SPRING FASHIONS, in Mantles, Jackets, Plush Capes, ke., on Wednesday next and follow- ing days,—E. T. EVANS, 17, Sankey-street, IVarrington. Advt.

DURING 31Ancrt ONLY I am offering; my large Stock of Bibles. Prayer B soks, ad Prayer .and Hymn Books at

a snecia! DiscOunt of 2,-1. in th,) shilling.-Hfonx S.GnEEN,

Bible DelOts, 34, Bridge-st. and 23, Butterm3rlcet-st.- 4dvt.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN A.ND NEWTON.

NEWTON-LE-WILLLOWS CRICKET CLUB.

The cricket and bowling season in connection with the above dub ;opens on Saturday next. In addition o the ordinary subscription fee this year, there is an entrance fee of 2s. 6d., but it is expected that the memberships will not suffer because of this extra charge. The playing team for the cricket will be something similar to last year, R. Bates be- ing retained as pro.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL PROMOTION.

The London Gazette of March 24th, 1896, states that Captain Harry Thompson of the sth Battalion, Royal Munster Fusilliers, is granted honorary rank of Major, dated 18th March, 1896. Major Thomp- son belonged to Earlestown, and was formerly cap- tain of the G. Company,Prince of Wales Volunteers.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
DR-UNIC- EN WOMEN.

At the Earlestown Police Station on Monday morning before Mr. J. W. Emmett, Annie Atherton, of Grafton-st., Earlestown, and Ann McCormick, of Vista Cottages, were charged with being drunk on Saturday night, and were lined 2s. 6d. each.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
EASTER HOLIDAYS.

The holidays this year in Earlestown will follow somewhat on the same lines au previous years. The Viaduct Works and Messrs. T. and T. Vicars will close on Thursday night until Tuesday morning, the Vulcan Foundry will close at the same time,but will not re-open until Wednesday morning. There will, of course, be a large exodus of people, owing to the privilege obtained by the quarter fare tickets, but there will not be very much attraction in the town beyond football matches on Friday and Saturday, which no doubt will attz act many of those who stay at borne.

VlADucr INSTITUTE SCIENCE AND ART CLASSES. The following results of the examir4.l.tions in practical laundry work and practical cookery, held at the Institute under the Lancashire and Cheshire Institutes in connection with the ab3ve classes, have come to hand. Practical laundry: M. E. Childs, A. Graham, S. A. Hodnett, E. Worsley, A. Stringer, first class. A. Fairclough, R Hill, K. Boys- lan, E. A. Roberts, A. Kilshaw, second class. P. Adams, A. Bailey, third class. Tha names are given in order of merit, as arranged by the Examiner.— Practical cookery: A. Harrison, A. Stringer, M. E. Brotherhood, Mrs. Ilyde, first class. R. George, A. M. Pilling, P. Adams, se3ond class. M. Wright, A. Kilshaw, A. Wrigley, A. Bailey, third class. GOOD TEMPLARY (EBENEZER LODGE). _ .

The Earlestown Ebenezer Lodge held its weekly session on Tuesday evening in the Co-operative Hall, there being a good attendance of members and visitors. Bro. J. Woods presided) and the fol- lowing programme was given :—Pianoforte solo, Bro. Howorth ; solo, Miss Howorth ; recitation, " Cabman's Dream," Bro. A. Morris; solo, "Paddle your own canoe," Bro. Brown • recitation, "Women of Mumbles Head," Sister Hopkins; duet, " Excel- sior," Messrs. A. Banton and Delves ; solo, selected, Mr. Harrison; an address, Bro. J. Woods ; "The Holy City," Mr. A. Banton; recitation, "The bride of 11Ialahide," Sister Hopkins ; solo, "The Children's Home," Miss Howorth ; recitation, "A Lanashire lad," Bro. A. Morris ; solo, selected, Mr. Harrison : solo, "flie Island of Dreams," Mr. A..Banton ; hymn, "God be with you till we meet again." EARLESTOWN GUN CLUE..

In connection with the above club a shooting match for £lO a side took place on Wednesday at Haydock Park, between Mr. Rolyan and Mr. Ret- shew, members of the club. The conditions being the best out of eleven Rocks each at 24 yards rise. There was a fair attendance of spectators. Rolyan killed the first eight out of nine birds, but Retshew, only killed six out of ten, the former therefore winning easily. The annual competition for the club challenge cup, also took place, there being 11 competitor, who were handicapped according to merit. Mr. Naylor, the winner last year being placed on the scratch. The first prize was the cup and £2, second El, and third, 155., Mr. H. Hibbert and W. Thompson tied for first prize, each killing 5. On a re-shoot Hibbert won, Thompson missing his first bird. The second and third prizes were divided between J. W. Webster,T. Hamer, W. Walker, and T. Daintith. A consolation sweep was afterwards held, T. Daintith taking the first prize of 308., the second and third prizes of 20s. and lls, being divided between Messrs. Walker, Naylor, and Wakefield.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TBMPLARY.

The usual weekly session of the Hope of Earles- town Lodge of Good Template was held in the Co- opQrative Hall on Monday evening. Bro. J.Hatton, P.C.T. presided over a good attendance of members, and a number of visitors, the latter including Bro. C. H. Griffiths, District Lodge Organist, of Liver- pool. Arrangements were made for members to attend the Good Templars' demonstrations at Southport on Saturday next in connection with the juvenile section of the order, and on Easter Monday under the auspices of the Grand Lodge of England, which holds its annual session during Easter week. One candidate was admitted by card. The pro- gramme of the evening was in the hands of Bro. G. E. Warburton, chap., who gave a very interesting address on the good templet's obligations, &c.,:fol- lowered by duets, songs, and recitations, in which Sisters Mrs. Cutler, Mrs. Willis, M. Jackson, A. Jackson, A. Newman, and Bros. C. Drew and John Warburton took part, the latter being especially effective, receiving a well-merited encore. Bro. Griffiths, D.L.O. gave a short address expressing the pleasure it gave him on his first visit to the lodge, and intimated his intention of visiting them again a fortnight hence. Thanks were tendered to Bro. Griffiths, who was asked to convey greetings to the "Progressive Mission" Lodge,Liverpool,with which he was connected. A very encouraging ses- sion was then closed. SAD DROWNING CAS AT EARLBSTOWN.

On Sunday afternoon a boy, nine years of age. named John Sturgess, son of Mr. George Sturgess of 19, Regent-st., lost his life in the Sankey Brook through endeavouring to save his youngsr brother who had fallen into the water. It appears the deceased lad John, with his brother Alfred aged seven, and two other boys were playing near the Sankey Brook, on the opposite side of the canal from Vitriol Square. The brook, owing no doubt to the heavy rains, was much swollen and was run- ning very swiftly. Alfred in trying to reach a stick from the water fell into the brook, and the deceased in trying to save him fell in also. The unfortunate boys were quickly carried along, but a young man named George Glynn, jumped into the dirty water, and at great risk succeeded in rescuing the younger lad who had first fallen in. He was unable to res- cue the other lad owing to the strong current, and he was carried a distance of 300 yards down the stream until checked by some wire. Fifteen minutes had elapsed before the poor lad was taken from the water by James Powell but he was then quite dead, and the body was removed home. Had it not been for the prompt and courageous action of Glynn, it is certain both lads would have been drowned. The boy Alfred suffered much from the immersion, but has now recovered. An inquest was held at the Griffin Hotel, Earlestown, on Tuesday afternoon by Mr. Brighouse, coroner. The facts, as stated above, were deposed to,and the jury returned a verdict of" accidentally drowned." The Coroner took occasion to compliment the man Glynn, upon his bravery in rescuing at the peril of his own life, the young lad Sturgess.

WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr. John Palmlough (chairman). and

Mr. J. H. Fleming.- THEFT OF FOWLS.—Herbert Barber, a boy of 13 living at Lateliford. was charged with stealing from a hencote at Latch- ford House. Knutsford-rosd, four fowls value Bs.. the property of Mr. R. G. Hensha.ll, between 18th and 27th Marsh.—The Chief Cemstable said that between the 18th and 27th March foor fowls disappeared from Mr. Henshall's house. They were missed singly from time to time from the hencote. The dis- appearances coulfl not be accounted for, and the matter was placed in the aods of the police and Detective Roper visited prisoner's mother's house and found there the four fowls. Mrs. Barber said in the boy's presence that he had been working out and •• had been p thl in fowls " by Mr. Jeffs, farmer. Gmopenhall. That was untrue. Mr. lienshall had identified the fowls as his. Mr aibot said the lad was under bad influence. He add 'd that the lad WAS setting up a small poultry farm at the expense of Mr Henshall.—The magistrates ordered the boy to receive 12 strokes of the birch and threatened him with being sent to the reformatory if he was brought up again. DRUNKENNESS —John William Woodacre for being drunk End disorderly in Thittertnarket-street on Tuesday evening was fined ss. and osts ; a similar penalty was inflicted upon John Keenan for being drunk at the same time and plaee. BREsca oi• THE rEkCE —Nlargaret Oakes was charged with committing a breach of the peace in Orford Avenue on the Ist August —Sera. ant Hollingworth proved the case and defe, dank was hound over to keen the peace for six months In a surety of £5 and hersel in the same amount or in de- fault to go to gaol for oue mint h's hard labour. .„

SF.VCING MecamEs Hand €2 18s.fid. Treadle £44s. with

===== 0002601_18960404_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
handsome walnut coven—J. and W. Dtri79lll6 and 18.

Sankev-st., Warrington.--Advt. HOUSEHOLD LINE'CS hemmed _and marked, free of charge

Dnuton, Sankey-st , Warrington.—Advt. SPECIAL SHOW of SPiti NO FA iHIONS, in Mantles. Jackets, Plush Capes, tsc„ on Wednesday next and following days.—E. T. EN-Am, 17, Sankey-street, Warringtop.— Advt

TR AVELLING TRUNKS.-4ARLAND, Ironnionge Warrington —Advt. LAWN MOWERS.—GARLAND, Bridge-street, War- rinaton,—Advt.

NEWTON DISTRICT COUNCIL ELECTIONS.

The polling for the 'election of Councillors in the con- tested wards of Crow-lane, Viaduct and Wargrave, took place on Monday. The poll opened at twelve o'clock, but throughout the afternoon matters were very tame, and beyond the fact that there was much vehicular traffic converging on the three polling stations, there was nothing to denote that an interesting struggle was in progress. The polling stations were Crow-lane Ward, (Wesleyan School) ; Viaduct Ward, (District school) ; Wargrave Ward, (Wargrave school) ; and the candidates were: Crow-lane, Mr. J. Smith,and Mr. M. McDermott. Viaduct, Mr. P. MacMahon, Mr. J. Clarke, and Mr. J. Carlin. Wargrave, Mr. W. Thompson and Mr. W. Crawford. Every effort was made to poll every available voter and conveyances were freely used, the result be- ing that in every case, there was a heavy poll,, the heavi- est voting taking place between 5.30 and eight o'clock, at which time the poll closed. All the ballot boxes were conveyed to the Town Hall, where under the presidency of Mr. R. Brierley as returning officer, the votes were counted. During the period of waiting for the result, a large crowd gathered in front of the Town Hall, who in- dulged in a little partisan cheering and groaning. Shortly after nine o'clock, the counting was completed, and after announcing the result in the room,Mr. Briorley announced them from the balcony, to the crowd outside, as follows.

CROW-LANE WARD.

Smith McDermott

Majority for Smith 45 WARGRAVE WARD.

Thompson Crawford! 134

Majority for Thompson 42 VIADUCT WARD.

ManMahon 325 Clarke Carlin

Majority for MacMahon

The crowd cheered loudly as each result was made known, and at the close Mr. Carlin stepped on to the balcony with the intention of addressing the people,but they refused to give him a beating. Messrs. Thompson and Smith proceeded to the Conservative Club, where there was a large gathering, and a meeting for the pur- pose of expressing thanks was held. MEETING AT THE CONSERVATIVE CLUB.

Mr. J. Catterall (chairman of the Club Committee), presided, and besides a large number of members,there were present Messrs. C. B. F. Borron, James Smith, W. Collingwood, W. Thompson, R. Barton, J. Simpsoa, W. Mills, Dr. Pattison and others.

The Chairman said they had met cn a most important occasion that evening. There had been a hard contest fought in throe wards, upon grounds, not political, but upon what they considered just and right. (Applause.) He was glad to say that he had no knowledge of Mr. Thompson's political opinions, as he never knew him to give a pol.tical vote. As chairman of the Committee, he had worked zealously for Mr. Thompson, and he was proud of the glorious result.He (the speaker) had been a resident of Wargrave Ward for a great many years, but he was happy to say,that up to the present the ward had done its duty manfully and well. Be had always found Mr. Thompson a gentleman in the proper sense of the word, liberal and business like. That was more than he could say for some of the members of the Council.(Hear, hear.) _ _ _

Mr. James Smith (Crow-lane Ward) said his duty was to thank the electors of Crow-lane Ward, for the magni- ficent victory they had achieved that day. He felt now, that his con-duct in the Council was appreciated, at all events by the Crow-lane electors. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Thompson, thanked the electors of the Wargrave Ward, for the great honour they had done him by re- turning him by such a substantial and decisive majority He had to thank the electors for this expression of con- fidence which could not be interpreted,on that particular occasion, other than as an appreciation of his conduct during the past 15 months. Mr. Mills as chairman of the 'Viaduct Ward Commit- tee.was pleased at the result which had been obtained in the three elections,but he was greatly disappointed in the ward which he had been chairman of for the past 15 months.

Dr. Patterson also spoke as chairman of the Orow-lane Ward Committee.

Mr. C. B.F. Borron welcomed the return of Mr. Smith and Mr. Thompson to the Board, because during the past year,as public men, they had exhibited themselves as straightforward men, doing the business of the Coun- cil with courtesy. No business could be done unless confidence was placed, and courtesy and good feeling was exhibited on the Board.

Mr. R. Barton proposed a vote of thanks to the Chair- man which Mr. Smith seconded, and the vote was heartily accorded.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
HEALTH OF RITICT-CORN DTSTRTCT.

MEDICAL OFFICER'S ANNUAL REPORT.

Dr. J. Adams, medical officer to the Runcorn District Council has published an exhaustive report on the sani- tary condition of the Rural Sanitary District for the year 1895 :—ln the old district the area is set down at 45,941 acres and in the enlarged district 49,309 acres. The population in the two districts taken by the 1891 census was 22,461, and 24,665 and the estimated popula-' tion taken in the middle of 1895 is put down as 23,594 In the old district and 26,052 in the enlarged district. During the year ending December 31st, 1895, 651 births (old district 629) and 401 deaths (old district 390) were registered as having occurred within the rural district. The figures compared with last year and referring only to the old district show a decrease of 10 births and an in- crease of 31 deaths. These figures, however, include 22 deaths at the Dutton Workhouse, twelve of which are described as belonving to Runcorn Urban District and if these are deducted from the 390 deaths in the old die- d ict they will make a total number of 388 for the entire district. Of the 388 deaths no less than 34 formed the subject of coroners' enquiries and an examination of the inquests showed the causes of death to be :—Drowning, 9 cases; burns,&c.,4 cases ; suffocation,3 cases; accidents, 7 cases, and natural causes 11. Of the births 337 were males, and 314 females,and the deaths were made up by 207 males and 194 females. The birth rata was 24-9 per 1,000 per annum for the old district and it may be in- teresting to note that this is by far the lowest birth rate recorded during a period of ten years the previous lowest one being 26.3 in 1887. The death rate was 14.9 per 1,000 per annum against an average for the last ten years of 17.4. In the list showing deaths from zymotic diseases there is set down to scarlet fever five, diphtheria two, measles 16, whooping cough:three, diarrhcea 20, rheumatic fever, four. With reference to the provision of an Isolation Hospital Dr. Adams writes" This question of isolation of infectious diseases within the area of this District Council should soon assume a definite shape. The figures of my statis- tical tables point to the need for some accommodation being provided. The late Sanitary Authority, by resolu- tion, passed and recorded on its minute Book, a decision to erect an Infectious Diseases Hospital. The matter should be taken up again, in spite of the refusal of the Local Government Board to sanction the sites formerly proposed. I would suggest that a strong committee be appointed, or that the existing Committee on this and cognate matters be instructed by the District Council to consider the relative advis- ability of one single hospital being provided, or of a aerie!' of smaller hospitals being erected, say, one in each registration sub-district, or of single cottages or houses already in existence being purchased or rented for this purpose, or of making arrangements with the Chester' Warrington and Northwich Authorities respec- tively, for the admission to their infectious diseases hospitals of those cases which may occur nearest to th ir borders. I shall be only too glad to meet a committee appointed for this purpose, and to obtain for them all the information I can command." Dr. Adams in his account of enquiries made into sanitary matters con- cludes by saying "Nothing special calls for note; no large extensions have been undertaken. By the proposed closing of the tidal openings on the Manchester Ship Canal there is a risk of serious interference with your sewer outfalle along the line of the Ship Canal ; this matter should receive your grave attention."

===== 0002601_18960404_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON.

PUBLIC-11011SE Trreirr.—Before Messrs. Norman and Imison, on Wednesday morning, at the Runcorn Police Station. Mary Whitehead, Heath-r3ad. Weston, was charged with stealing a bottle of beer valued at 3d. from the Quarry Hotel, Weston, on Tuesday.—Oliver Dun- bavin's evidence tended to show that prisoner went to his house on Tuesday evening and asked for half a pint of beer. While he (the landlord) went into the cellar to draw it he saw her putting something under her apron. He asked what she had got, and prisoner in reply said "Nothing." On insisting he found she had a bottle of beer, and he therefore sent for the police.—P.C. Morris said he was called to the hotel and charged the prisoner with stealing a bottle of beer. Prisoner in answer to the charge said she was tipsy and did not know what she was doing.—Mr. Dunbavin said that prisoner had been bringing empty beer bottles back regularly, and this had aroused his suspicions.—A fine of 53. including costs or seven days was inflicted.

THE VACANCY ON THE WARRINGTON BOARD OF

GUARDIANS.

The election to supply the vacancy on the above Board caused by the death of the Rev. G. F. Roberts. the representative for Rixton, took place in the National School, Hollinfare, ov Monday. The candidates were Mr. Richard T. Lowe, farmer, Rix- ton Hall, and Mr. Alfred Brooks, estate agent, Bank-street, Glazebrook. Mr. Lowe was elected, receiving 71 votes to the 611 recorded for Mr. Brooks. Mr. T. H. Sutton, of Warrington, acted as presiding and deputy returning offi...:er, and Mr. William Crossley as poll clerk.

if OUPFHOLI, LlNEYslemmtd and marked free of charge. and W. Dutto , Sankey-et., Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18960404_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NEWS.

Mr. Joel Chandler Harris, the well-known American writer, the author of "Uncle Remus," is one of the most modern of men. He shuns the interviewer,and any sort of lionising fills him with trepidation. Some time ago the author's club in New York gave him a reception. It was larger than he anticipated, and in the midst of it all he disappeared. His greatest passion is roses, and in the early morning,when the dew is on the grass,one can hear the snipping of the pruning-shears as Mr. Harris works in his garden—the finest rose-garden in Atlanta.

General Weyler, the so•called Spanish " butcher," is described as being " only of medium height, broad- shouldered, stockily built and muscular. His face is a remarkable study in itself. The head is large, and all its features prominent. Sparce, once dark hair, now turning to an iron grey, meets a broad, receding fore- head. There are tense and sharp lines and furrows just over the bridge of the nose, the latter the most pro- minent feature of the face. Shrewd, cold, glinting eyes are set far back in the sockets, under bushy eyebrows. The nose is strong and masterful. A broad thin-lipped mouth is not at all hidden by the thin moustache that is supplemented by luxurious, well-cropped side- whiskers,also tinged with grey and framing in the hard stern chin."

The Transatlantic cyclist is pushing ahead. The other day proposals were noted for special cyclist tracks along all new roads in some United States and Canad- ian cities, and now we see that a Bill is befor. the New York Legislature which makes it a penal offence to drop or place, or cause to be placed upon any cycle path, street, sidewalk, road, &c., any substance which might injure or puncture any tyre used on a bicycle. Does the inclusion of sidewalks in the Bill foreshadow the time when the footpath will be no longer free from the wheelmen

The company for selling liquor on the Gothenburg system at Bergen had a narrow escape last week. This town.with its 60,000 inhabitants, is the second town of Norway. 14,172 voted against the company, 14,590 voted for it or did not vote. Non-voters are reckoned as though they vote yes. The agitation was very ani- mated. In Christiania, where there is no contest, the company recently distributed £23,000 as its net receipt for the year 1895. The town got £6,000, three parks £5OO, a fountain fund £5OO (now in all £1,800), a fund for park music £3OO, Children's Asylums £1,500, the Museum for Artistic Industry £9oo,the National Theatre for its new building £2,700 (siKtli donation), the National Theatre for other purposes £6OO, the Work- men's Academy £5OO, the Salvation Army £3OO, and several hospitals £2,000, Sze.

Scotland does not possess an uncontested pre-eminence in the gentle art of heckling Parliamentary candidates. Mr. John M‘Gillicuddy, the Tory candidate for East Kerry,at a meeting held in the village of Fierin the other day, experienced a somewhat unpleasant discomfiture when attempting to raise a laugh against a heckler. " Will you abolish the House of Lords ?" was the query addressed to the candidate by a respectable local farmer. " I will," immediately answered Mr. M'Gillicuddy, "of course, abolish the House of Lords when you get into it." Instantly (says a" Daily News "report) caine the rejoinder.addressed to the crowd, " Boys, have you heard what he has said ? Be tells you he will support the House of Lords so long as it is a house of landlords, but the moment the people get into it he will at once abolish it.

Much has been printed about Mr. Chamberlain and his orchids. One fact mentioned in the April " Cassell's Magazine" may, however, not be generally known, and that is that about twenty gardeners are usually employed at Highbury, the care of the orchids making the demand of the whole of the time of three of the number. For the welfare of these plants an experienced orchidist is held responsible; but Mr. Chamberlain himself still contrives tc take a keen personal interest in their cultivation. On his Saturday-to-Monday visits, and when residing at Highbury during the Parliamentary recess, the best part of his little leisure is spent in the plant-houses. Every I,plant is numbered according to a private catalogue the 'right hon. gentleman himself keeps, and the gardeners declare that every one of the five or six thousand spai- mens at flighbury is individually known to him.

An interesting Australian lady now visiting London is Mrs.Rowan,a sister of Lady Charles Kerr. She has been a great traveller, and has visited parts of Australia and New Zealand very little known even to the most intrepid pioneers, and she has also crossed the Himalayas. Her object in travel has been to reproduce in water-colours the flora of the regions she has visited,and an exhibition of her pictures will take place early in April, at Dowdes- well's Galleries, in London. In person Mrs. Rowan is a very slight woman, whose fragile physique seems al- most incompatible with the hardships she has had to undergo in following her pursuit of rare flowers. Amongst the most beautiful of her pictures is one of the dreaded nettle plant of Tasmania—a skrub which is said to pro- duce instantaneous death to the man or beast who has the misfortune to be scratched, however slightly, by its almost invisible thorns. The plant has a soft velvety leaf and a lovely white flower.

Whilst we are taking our census in England. precisely the same periodical operation is going on in France, and by a curious chance amongst the population of the Re public will be reckoned on this occasion the Queen of England, the King of the Belgians, the Dowager Empress of Russia, the heirs apparent or prospective to the throne of England, Russia, and Austria, the Grand Duke and Grand Duchess of Mecklenburg-Schweritz, the Dike of OldPnburg, and the Duke of Leuchtenberg. Four princesses of our royal house—namely, Princess Chris- tian, Princess Louise' Princess Beatrice, and the Duchess of Albany fall under the same category, as do also the Grand Duke Michael and the Grand Duchess Olga of Russia, the Archduchess Elizabeth of Austria, and Prin cess Clementine of Belgium. Among personages only a shade less illustrious, enjoying at this moment French hospitality, are the Grand Dukes Alexis and Peter, the Archdukes Rainer, Otho, and Charles Ferdinand, and Prince and Princess Philip of Saxe-Coburg. The Em- press of Austria and Mr. Gladstone have just escaped being added to the list, but the Empress EugiSnie, Lord Salisbury. and Nubar Pasha will figure in the roll-call of the great democracy.

Whilst the battle-cry of" America for the American" Is rousing mighty echoes in the world of politics, a new doctrine has been formulated in the words "the American woman for the American man." It advocates declare that it is an injury to the material interests of the natien,and an insult to the rising manhood of vigor- ous and cultured people, that every girl with a few millions of dollars for her dowry should be snapped up by some impoverished representative of an effete Euro- pean aristocracy. The system amounts to absenteeism in its worst shape, for not only does it sink the capital drawn from the native soil, or filched from native labour, in the maintenance of a class detested and abol- ished by Republicans, but it carries off across the ocean the sower and prime of American womanhood, while nothing is given in return, except a few titles to dress out newspaper paragraphs. It is hardly a matter for, wonder, then, that a proposition should be seriously mooted in the United States for imposing a fifty percent.' tax on the dowers of brides who bestow themselves on alien husbands.

Mr. Hogan has addressed several questions to Mr. Chamberlain lately on the subject of the future govern- ment of Norfolk Island, which is peopled mainly by the de,cendants of the mutineers of the Bounty. For the past 40 years (says the "Times") the Norfolk Islanders have been, to all intents and purpeses, a little republic in the Pacific, but thoroughly loyal subjects of Her Majesty. Every Boxing-day they meet and choose their chief magistrate for the ensuing year. Mr. Chamberlain now proposes to place them under the direct authority of the Government and Parliament of New South Wales. Judging from the Australian papers just received, the proposed change does not meet with general approval. Mr. Stephen Adams, the chief magistrate of Norfolk Island for the current year, was in Sydney when the mail left, discussing the situation with Lord Hampden, the Governor of New South Wales. He is reported to have soid :—" We want to continue as we are. We res- pect New South Wales, but we prefer the rule of the Imperial Government, which has been just because it has left us alone." This is corroborated by the Norfolk Island correspondent of the "Sydney Morning Herald," who writes :—" Generally speaking, the change, if decided upon, will be distasteful to the inhabitants."

The railway companies continue to give the farmers less reason to grumble. At a meeting at Charing Cross Hotel, Sir G. Russell, chairman of the South Eastern Railway Company, announced a reduction of 15 per cent on the present rates of fruits and vegetables from all stations to London, various reductions on most classes Of manures. and 15 per cent on cattle feeding stuffs ; while Mr. Willis, manager of the Company's passenger department,stated that they were negotiating with °the companies for reduced fruit rates to the N!,rth of Eng- land, and had agreed with the Chatham and Dow/. and Brighton companies to reduce the rates on Milk, and to bring within the operation of the rates for small parcels carried at owner's risk fresh butter. cream, fresh meat, dead poultry and rabbits, and other articles. Hearty thanks were tenriered the Company for the concessions made.

To Moirwrits.—Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has been used over fifty Tears by millions of mothers for their children while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poon sufferer immediately It is pleasant to taste ; it producer natural quiet sleep. by relieving the child from pain, and the littla cherub awakes "as bright las a:button." Of all chemists. is. d per bottle.—Advt.

"As A SAYE, PERMANENT, AND WARRANTED CURE" for Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema. Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases Pimples and Sores of all kinds, we can with confidence recommend Clark's World-famed Blood Mixture, " It Is c.rtainly the finest Blood Purifier that science and medical skill have brought to light." Thousands of Testimonials Sold everywhere. at 2s. 9d. per bottle, Beware of worthless mitations and substitutes.—Advt. (3

RUNCORN AVESLEYA.S CIRCUIt QUARTERLY MEETING.

The March quarterly meeting of the above Circuit $0:. held on Monday in the Brunswick Chapel vestry. 'o°3; afternoon the usual routine business was transacted sa" tea was served at 5 o'clock. Toe quarterly meetin%. wascommc need at six o'cl(,ck and there was then preseak a representative gathering of the Runcorn Circuit. The meeting was presided over by the Rev. T. Brackenbarin' who was supported by the Rev. W. Gorge, Rev. C. nr. Gliddon, Messrs. R. Rawlinson, F. J. 'Norman, (circuit stewards), J. Simpson and others. At the out' set f the meeting the Chairman gave a hearty welconle to the representatives of the various Sunday schools la the circuit wh ) had recently been elected by the coin; mittees of their respective schools to represent them 8: the quarterly meeting. The circuit stewards present" their financial statement which was considered highli satisfactory, the income for the quarter exceeding the. expenditure. The balance goes towards reducing slight debt which exists. The Chairman gave big mumerical statement which showed an increase on tile quarter of 25 and an incresse on the year of .).)• There was in the circuit 107 adults on trial for merater ship. A prolonged df-cussion took place with referencg to the spiritual work which had been carried on in vs)! ous parts of the circuit, and very encouraging repotrA werej received from all the places. Spicial referettcg was made of the gatherings at St. Paul's and Camden)! connection with the Wesley Guild, and to Halton Rosa in connection with the society of Christian Endeavo.a• There were also encouraging reports of the work whi.o6 has:been done at Weston Point by the lady evangelist, , Sister Annie.—On the proposition csi the circuit stewaOg' hearty votes of thanks were accorded. to thethree min'' ters for their work in the circuit during tbe past Year.' ' and the meeting endorsed an invitation to each of the ministers to remain another year.—The meeting 10.6; cended to the election of representatives for the District Synod. The circuit stewards att.end, by virtue oi cnelt appointments and each expressed his intention of present: Messrs. J. R. Frith and Mr. R. H. Posneo were elected representatives, and Mr. W. Milian)! , was appointed to attend in case the two las!, named were prevented from going.—R4erence NC": made to the forthcoming congress which is tu, be held at Liverpool during the comil summer months and it was stated that the circa?' would provide homes for ten of the ministers ae., tending the congress. Arrangements were also made f.Ol meetings at Runcorn during I..ifs conoress.—The officiP. schedules of Temperance, Foreign Missions, and SO day and Day schools were read and a discussieit on then) was postponed until the next quar er'y meeting.,

SOUTH LANCASHIRE LOAN, DISCOUNT, AN° INVESTMENT CoNPANY, LIMILED.

Head Office: 168, ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,O 0 on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable 6s. Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2s. 3(l' £5O, „ 20s. „ •,£3 Bs. Oct £lOO, „ 40s• ~ £6 15s, Od. ALEX. 'GORDON, Manager.

MARKETS. WARRINGTON MARKE P.—WEDNESDAY April FRUIT, VEGETABLE, '0 ITL r RY, BUT J'HERS" AS' FISHMONGERS' TABLE. s d. s. *-i. ).d. 5.( Beef, Eng.,l, lb 0 5 to° 9 Melon. each ... C o—o 0 Lamb per qr 14 6 —L6 J Or sages. etch b o—o 1 ' Mutton „ 0 6-0 10 Celery gr stick 0 0. 0 2 Veal „ „ -0 10 Pears Pork „ „ 0 5-0 b Apricots each 0 0— 0 Pork sides oat-0 0 C rrots per lb ... 0 0— 0 , ' , cured 0 4 L-- 0 5 Cauliflowers each° 0 0 A. Whole pigs„ sc 7 3-7 6 Oncumberz eschT 8 -0 „1 Geese lb - 0 '' Fowls couple 4 0— 0 0 Tomatoes V t 1 0— 0 g Chickens Ducklings „ 6 0— 0 0 Spanish o 0 0— 0 . Rabbits Hares, each -0 0 AspaTae:us It 100 0 0— I, 0 1 0— 0 0 Potatoes Pigeons , Part'idge'brace 3 o—o 0 New potatoes on. 0 Ct. --• . Grouse „ - 1 2 Pheasants -0 0 Green Peas Pk ...0 a-0 ' Turkey lb 0 0— 0 10 Green prouts ils 0 8— 0 :-.,' Butter, fresh t 1 2 1 3 Beana,kidney lbo 0— 0 ~! Hen eggsl43cl.s 1 o—o 0 Pomeg:anates...o I—b u Duck 12 1 0— 0 0 Walnuts,, Apples Ib 0 o—o 3 Lemons „ o a .0 0 Onions „ Grapes „ OO 2 0 Best-New 58 0-62 0 Pine Apple each 26 3 0 Good o o— o 0 Greengages V tis 0 0-0 0 Me Burn* 5O 0-55 0 Cherries 0 0-0 0 Lobster sot ... 0 0-0 19 strawberries,, 0 0— 0 0 Turbot „ ......0 0— 1 0 Damsons „ „ 0 0— C 0 salmon ~ Plums ~ 0 0-0 0 Whit-. •,s ..... 0 0— 0 ~ Gooseberries,, 0 0-0 0 Flukes „ Raspberries , 0 0-0 0 Eels .. „ Black Currants 0 0-. 0 0 Soles „ „ 1 4 1 1 Red Currants 0 0— 0 0 Starlings ..... 0 0— 1 u,., Marrows each 0 o—o 6 Codfish ~0 4 0 „v Sealcale it m 8 0-0 0 Mackerel each 0 0— 0 1,1, Rhubarb belt 0 o—o 3 Herring r dozen 1 o—l 0

.03 Warrington.—Printed and Published by Joint The Examiner Ueneral Pr },inig Vorics. -Pr?' 01 and Published also at The Examiner ,)ffie v ic—Arreev; WIDNFs ; High-street, rcirvc., RN ; 32, aporge-&-rip Helens ; and 33, Market-street; EARLESTOWN.--.' 1896.

--melgi...

( 041 R p ret

I.4°NDO 4R

IL% Lid" `e k. 471. 10.2; 545 p Parki ht.ta. tun _Artie 11;17et th * "LIM.

krew ~,...,sz,_,..i.

-.11/

11711 s ticzbo w -"tag a wart]

tau

dobre: °Denba kin gt ti144,„„1:114 ot thitrat7nz 4140 400._ geto kraut:lto ti b 1 '*l 14171;04°4,._ Ti 1174 h lic)4l '‘,ll to

0 )1 0 44413440401 4143' Chit, 1'4)(441 hi tetti:ilthhel ,_ebtrilingc! tizt 444411111:

. .. „ .

11411 T oc

===== 0002601_18960404_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
at

ar,Z

k-

It4klltan ziee

__ . __ _,

37, I

===== 0002601_18960404_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
14ITTI

tti m4llO Ott% 0

•14 Po igt 4174 OZl42filla b3/4146,114

C 44,11,1

•,_

14.74t0i, k.t,:ii.:: ____: j

kklt p*, 01,041 A-11!4 11x 114 ittkitzlo

===== 0002601_18960404_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
111'4041

i, a .t. 44

===== 0002601_18960404_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
14"BON AND NORTHWESTERN RAILWAY. touci_GARSTON DOCK AND WIDNES DOCK.—The tlyt °'l and North-Western Railway Company give notice (mei BANK HOLIDAY, MONDAY, APRIL 5Tw, the boey.l°N OLD and NEW DOCKS and the WIDNES &jet, ll be closed for traffic under the Holidays Extension I)sekL,°,s, and the same will be observed as a holiday at the ‘,"ffices, FRED HARRISON, Station. General Manager. uston WARRINGTON SAVINGS BANE, BUTTERMARKET-STREET. (Established 1818). iraysThis BANK is OPEN DAILY from 11 to 1 o'clock. uriESDAYS until 4 o'clock, z;vl s',ATURDAY NIGHTS Blarn 6 to 8 o 'cl, nt ONE SHILLING ay E'WARDS received, to 5(:) in one year. £203 R, recved in one year for 11.117"45er of Government Stock. NG ' akge for Pass Books. horansactions strictly private. Sun' Is ...a exceeding £lO ihon demand, and any amount on seen days' notice. hive 9UPOSITORS in this Bank now number 11,126, and 5h0,.., their credit £307,236 3s. 9d. The Official Receipt. rahlatg that the Government holds on account of this Bank ben More than the above amount, can be seen by any thtirr Lt°r ; and all Depositors are invited to examine, with tow'aaa Books, the Book of Extracted Balances (on the 'er) certifying the amounts due to them. JOHN RICHARD PICIDIERE, Chairman. WILLIAM .I.Aice-Chairman. -WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY. SEASON 1895-6. nrIPRESII,ENT J. CHARLTON PARR, ESQ. 1 rim THIRD CONCERT & LAST Of the Season will be Given in the HALL, ON THURSDAY, APRIL 9rlr, 1896. The Programme will Include MENDELSSOLIN'S " WALPIJRGIS NIGHT," GNI'S ENORMOUSLY SUCCESSFUL OPERA C A.VALLERIA. BUSTICANA." toprat ARTISTES. 11--°,311„,,ias MAGGIE DAVIES; Contralto : Miss LILIAN tßoit°' 'I; Tenor; Mr. HIRWEN JONES, Bass: Mr. DAVID HUGHES. and ORCHESTRA OF OVER 200 PERFORMERS. M.luetor i MR. FRANK H. CROSSLEY, Organist : MR. J. B. CALDWELL. ai:ll,reyj_!3.ress. Seats (Body of Hall and Ist row of Centre Reserved Centre Gallery, except Ist. row nal), 45.; 2nd Reserved, EOM' of Hall (Dress Reserved Side Gallery.o2sis.6d6a. ~• Gallery erved, 2s. ; Gallery promenade) Admission : ONE SHILLING.Scats "le f s having selected their for beer, or the Season, nZed t." in December last, will have the same Seats g Atli_ is now em on this occasion. to open to the Public at Mr. PEARSON'S, TRAINS Latchford, Thelwall. and Lymm, lisirtAtCrrpeei"-A—ti 0 , eY Station and to Newton and Earlestown. from ""attere'r,,,l'aY at 10.30 alter the concert. Doors open at 7 p.m. llence at 7.30. Carriages at 10.15 p.m. 22. told W. E. ATKIN lion. Sec. -street, March, 1896.

efattat 3ottreo, t, i--IS—iiERE-13—Y thdt the next GENE- `'ootits/7414 QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the ,„..OF CHESTER will be held at the COURT 4,etsn:' "UTSFCRD, in and for the said County, on ecloelj, the 7th day of April next, at half-past eleven ertipa,, lh the Forenoon, whet, the Grand Jury will be Th:nelled. dred: hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hip- d District, and the trials of all prisoners the et low, Macclesfield, and Northwich, forming cori,4ltltsfor ru_el3Bio ated,frovn such Hundreds, will take place at such ,-qatrictit.--• the Grand and Petty Juries for the Knutsford Vantsf,,.nla Wit be in attendance at the Court House, d(t,i'ol, t t.he opening of the Court on TIIESDiY, the Pril urenoou 4 next, at half-Past eleven o'clock in the TELE r,• F4l Tii,b„"'°tlrt Will be adjourned to the Castle of CURSTER, 111 the 4,Y the 9th day of Aprilnext, at eleven o'clock Ith: orenoon. I:4:l24l':llDr.tibseoners The 471 will take I hearing of all Appeals arising .-iundreds of Broxton, Eddisbury, Nantwich, .Jv 1r r al, formin the Chester District, and the trials committedg from the last-mentioned Hun- h Adjourned Sessions. The place at sue— uu Petty Juries for the Chester District must be (theie 6°llo4pdtance at the Castle of Chester, at the opening of on THURSDAY, the 9th day of April next, at clock in the forenoon. REGINALD POTTS, Chillt of the Peace for the County of Chester, 16th March, 1895.

T. & W. CROSS, BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS, LoNGFORD-STRERT. BOILLIt Nn WARRINGTON. DRAINA:: Cninl3l3Y BRECTORS, FURNACE CONSTRUCTORS. 73 • -21 WORK, sTRERT MAKING and every esoriptlon of BUILDING or CONTRACTORS' WORK ESTIMATED FOR.

Jib Moss, FAMILY BITTOHBR' 59, LBONARD-STREBT, WARRINGTON. VRIMR ENGLISH BRRP,MIITTON, VEAL AN PORK AT ISIODBRATE PRICES. 44,_ orders plomptly attended;to and delivered when revired. -------__

ACCIDENTS TO LIFE AND LIMB. RAILWAY ACCIDENTS. EMPLOYERS LIABILITY. INSURED AGAINST Br THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. ESTABLISHED 1849. CAPITAL 21,000.000. COMPENSATION PAID £3,600,000, 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VI..kN, Secretary. AGENTS arrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr. W.H.RIGI EY, Central Station tat, Mr. J. B. LEACH. Hardshaw-street k4zlitetends thtbat Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER Mr. R. FINLOW,Rookery Bridge

kEATING'S 10-4 DER. Kills Fleas, Bugs. Moths. Beetles. tATIMVS PO W DER. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths. Beetles. EAT i.N Ge.s YO NV DER. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. EATING'S POWDER. - lc' ------ Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. ;:-----A d t, TINS. This Powder, so ceie. 6d., and is. brateci, is perfectly un- rivalled in destroying 0 Insects (whilst perfectly 1 - " and Is. TI 0 6 " a, 6 , d., and is. -f' life). harmless to all animal life). All wollens and furs should be well sprinkled with the Pow- der before placing away. ,--.....___ Bold only zn tins.

WORMS IN CHILDREN, kre WORMS IN CHILDREN, surely, and with perfect safety got rid of 17 us- ATING'S WORI TABLHTS. Nearly all children front Worms. If suspected, do not wait, you can with re he child (has no ,-ffect except on worms). Sold by -utroists, in Tins, is. lid. each. - 4. 1 CLARKE, EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN. QUNERAL STATIONER, NEWSAGENT, PRINTING and BOOKBINDING Done to Order. IILWSPAPHRS and PHRI IDICALS Delivered to Order. "'ld Assortment of new and Second-hand Pooks alway in Stock

PIANOS FOR HIRE, 10s. Per Month. Tunings Free 1- NO HIRE CHARGED IF PURCHASED IN 6 MONTHS. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST HOUSE IN EUROPE FOR HIRING PIANOS AND ORGANS, CRANE AND SONS, 217 To 225, SCOTLAND-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

PIANOS.-10s. per month on Crane and Sons' easy I n two, or three years' system. There is no other house in Europe that offers such really good piano on this easy system as CRANE and SONS, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

_ OOD SOUND SECONDHAND PIANOS returned farm hire.--Far superior to badly-constructed, low- priced new ones. Great sale - Grande and Cottages, Broadwoods, Collards, Erards, and other makers, from £lO to £lOO. Send for descriptive catalogues. All pianos packed free and sent to any part.—CRANE and SONS, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

P URCHASERS who can pay cash will find that the cheap- est house in the kingdom for new Grand and Cottage Pianos by Broadwood, Cs-dlard, Erard, Steinway, Bechstein, and other makers of repute is Crane and Sons, 217 to 225. Scotland-road, Livervool, where the merits of the Pianos by the respective makers can be tried side by side. All Pianos packed free and forwarded anywhere.—CßANE and SONS, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

' 31usic._50,000 poor, I IrSe eA T f riodm. E •LIC 33 Lai sntds SONS, Great Music Warehouse, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

pUPTURES, - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. Jk T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 & 9, Grosvenor-street, Lon- don-road. Manchester.

NO'TICE OF REMOVAL.—A. W. PAUL, Outfitter, has removed to the Central Premises, 3 BANKhY-STREET, two doors from Market Gate.

ISS ' LEILA BAIRSTOW, L.C.M. Professor of iN Einging and Voice Production, pure Italian method. Schools attended and Amateurs coached for Concerts.— Terms, &c., apply Mr. PEARSON'S, Pianoforte Warehouse, Warrington.

\'ISS ELEANOR PICKTON (Mezzo-Soprano), Parr Hall Concerts, and Mr. William Salisbury Baritone) late Hereford Cathedral and Festival Choirs are open to ENGAGEMENTS.Miscellaneous and Ballad Con- certs, Organ Recitals, ttc. Concert Parties can also be en- gaged.—For terms address ARTHUR PICKTON, Sunnyside, Froghall-lane, Warrington.

ATANDOLINE, GUITAR. BANJO, VIOLIN, and PIA.NFORTE LESSONS given by an experienced LADY PROFESSOR. For Terms and full particulars apply to MISS MILNE, NORTH VIEW. OVERTON, FRODSHAM. Warrington, Runcorn. Widnes. Earlestown, and district visited.

COINS AND MEDALS. TO COLLECTORS. On SALE, Fine and Rare GOLD, SUM, and COPPER COINS, WAR and HISTORICAL MEDALS, COIN, CABINETS, &a. Highest price given for Coins, Medals, China, Old Sheffield Plate. Antique and Modern Silver, Curios, Diamonds, Jewellerytand Old Gold. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO., NUMISMATISTS, MEDALLISTS, AND JEWELLERS. 631 RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1819. Valuations for Probate.

1 -WHITE SHIRTS RE-FITTED, with IS, ID. four fold linen Frrnts, Cuffs, and Neck Band, at the STAR HOSIERY, and SHIRT MANUFACTURERS, 78, BRUNSWICII-RoA.L, LIVERPOOL: Country parcels promptly attended to.

TRAVELLERS' SAMPLE BAGS and CASES, in stock or Made to Order, at NORMAN'S Trunk Manu factory, Roscoe-arcade, top of Bold-street, Liverpool. Repairs.

NAT • ROSENBERG- AND CO.'S SPECIAL CLEARANCE ALE OF OIL PAINTINGS AND WATER-COLOURS AT REDUCTIONS OF 50 PER CENT. AND UP W A.RDS. For particulars see Sale Catalogue, post free on application. A GENUINE CLEARANCE SALE. Note address : - 46, 48, AND 50, LIME-STREET, ART GALLERY, 69, LIME-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THE PERFECT BRUSH COMPANY, MINUTED. 106, WHITHOHAPEL, LIVERPOOL. WHOLESALE, RETAIL, AND EXPORT BRUSHMAKERS.

HENRY WHITTY. 15, BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL. LAWN TENNIS. CRICKET. GOLF, BOWLS, CROQUET, FISHING TACKLE, ARCHERY, LAWN TENNIS RACKETS RESTRUNG, sa. 6h. Agent for T. H. Ayres' High-Grade Cycles. Illustrated Lists Gratis.

BY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT TO THE QUEEN AND COURT. , r THE ORIGINAL ALMOND St IMNELS, An Old Lancashire Custom. Particulars of these Delicious Cakes sent with Prices by the Maker, THOMAS WOOD, CONFECTIONER BY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT TO THE QUEEN AND COURT. ROYAL ALMOND SIMNELS. WOOD'S. ALMOND SIMNELS. WOOD'S. BURY SIMSELS. WOOD'S. Carefully packed in hampers and forwarded to all parts of tke Kingdom. THOMAS WOOD, BRIDE CAKZ MANUFACTURER, 81 BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

bREATEST BARGAIN. SCIENTIFIC ACCURACY, 45-GUINEA SECOND- HAND PIANO-FORTE. PIANO, CASH 4,18 18/... PIANO. PIAN°, genuine secondhand 45-guinea magnificent upright IRON GRAND COTTAGE by celebrated high-class prize medal London makers. in most exquisite dark walnut panelled front, truss legs and candelabras, possessing iron frame, full compass, full trichord, patent check action, with a surprising volume and depth of tone, with a most pleasing and elastic touch, embracing all those points well-known and sought for by experts, which raises its quality to a marked degree of distinction to those being offered elsewhere at the same price. Guaranteed 30 years. Decided bargain ; £lB 18s. cash. Intend;ng parchasers' anticipations will be fully gratified. Write for particulars.—E. A. DAVIES, 30, Low Hill, Liverpool (close to Hengler's Cirque).

QC.DIERWATER AND LLOYD SOLE LIVERPOOL AUTHORISED RETAIL AGENTS FOR 'ISE WALTHAM WAI CH COMPANY. SCHIERWATER, and LLOYD, as Practical Watch- makers, have gained a universal fame for these Watches as THE BESt TTMEKEEPERS IN THE WORLD. They are copi ed by all makers, thus paying them the highest compli- ment by Imitation. Price unrivalled. Silver Cases, Chronometer Balance £l 10 0 Ditto, Keyless ditto Gold, from 10 0 29. CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

FISH CHEAPER THAN EVER! GAME AND POULTRY FOR THE WEEK-END. THE GRIMSBY FISII SUPPLY CO. (Middle of the Fish Market.) ARE NOW OPEN EVERY DAY With all kinds of POULTRY to meet the wants of the Working Classes. RABBITS, from 9D. each. CHICKENS, from Is. 3D. each. DUCKS, from is. 3D. each. TURKEYS, from 7D. per lb. GEESE, from SD. per lb. ALL KINDS OF FISH FROM 2D. PER LB. GUARANTEED ALWAYS FRESH. PATRONIZE THE GRIMSBY FI-4I SUPPLY CO. KEEP THE PRICES DOWN. ORDERS DELIVERED IN TOWN AND DISTRICT. NOTE THE ADDRESS. IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FISH MARKET. WARRINGTON.

HIGHEST PRICE Given for Old Goid and Silver, Diamonds, Sheffield and Eleetro Plate, Antiques, Dental Gold, &a. Letters attended to. C. H. HAYHURST late J.Harris Gibson), 73. genshaw-street. Liverpool

PERSONAL APPEARANCE.—HOW TO IMPROVE.—TAILS OF PURE HAIR, 10s. 6d. HAIR COMBINGS 1_ per oz. I IMMOVABLE 1. from MADE UP, j- 2s. I SC ALPETTES, j 21s. SEALES BROWN, 3, LEECE-STREET, (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL, TO THE NEWLY MARRIED and Parties Furnishing.— Sales by Auction every Monday and Tuesday at GRICE'S AUCTION ROOMS, 55, W ITECHA.PEL,LIVER- POOL at Two o'clock, of an excellent assorment of FURNI- TURE and other Housenold Effects, removed from 'private residences and other sources. On view each morning of sale at the Rooms. Established C 5 years.

R. CLAMP & SON, , MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 2;s. .V% ATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6d. 39 AND 41 DALE STREET, 12 LORD STREET, AND 81 PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

NEW MILLINERY. NEW FLOWERS AND FEATHERS. NEW ORNAMENTS. UNTRIMMED HATS AND BONNETS In grtat variety. SPECIAL GRAND SIIOW ON SATURDAY NEXT AND FOLLOWING DAYS AT HARMAN DREWPS, 129, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL, FOR EVERY GARDEN. PLANT NOW. SWORD LILIES OR GLADIOLUS. APRIL is the best time to plant these Brilliant Autumn Flowering Bulbs, unrivalled for Home. Church, and Garden Decoration. Of the earliest culture, they bloom well in all gardens, needing but good soil to develop their large spikes .of splendid flowers. SCARLET SWORD LILIES, fine strong bulbs, brilliant vermillion scarlet. ss. and 7s. 6d per 100. HYBRID SEEDLING SWORD LILIES, great variety of fine colours, mixed. 2s. per dozen; 15s. per 100. BUTTERFLY SWORD LILIES, raised by Lemoin?), lovely and novel contrasts of colour, 2s. per dozen. NAMED SWORD LILIES, the most distinct and beauti- ful. in collections of 12 varities, 4s. 6d. and 7s. 6d. post free. CAPE HYACINTH, splendid spike of bell-shaped pure white flowers; height, 3to 4 feet; fine compani.m for the , Sword Lilies; 2s. per dozen. ROBART P. KER & SONS, CENTRAL BULB AND SEED WAREHOUSE, BASNETT-S MEET, LIVERPOOL, TELEPHONE 666.

ESTABLISHED FURS, FURS. 1382. SEALSKIN JACKETS RE-DYED 6s. 6d., best workman- ship guaranteed. Also all kinds of Furs altered to the present fashion; Sealskin Jackets re-modelled for V. 25., including high sleeves, storm collar, Ac. Furs cleaned and skins dressed at half the price charged elsewhere. Skins mounted into Rugs. Country orders punctully attended to. Call or write to A. BERKWITH, PRACTICAL FURRIER, 45, GREAT GEORGE-S rREET (near top of BOLD STREET), LIVERPOOL, and 5, S. JAMES' PLACE, LIVERPOOL. Work done for the trade at special prices.

THE FAMOLS NINE OILS diz,covered ay the _L. FransieAn Monks is a boon to sufferers from RHEU- MATISM, SPRAINS, BRUISES. LUMBAGO, SCIATICA, NEURALGIA, and STIFFNESS of MUSCLES. It is mnical in its effects and gives relief when others fail. Testi- monial from Mr ROBERT STOWELL, 40, Thirlmere-street, Leigh.—Please send two bAtles of NINE OILS immediately, it is a wonderful remedy.—Every Bicyclist, Footballer. Athelete and Farmer ought to have a bottle handy.—Prepared by J. WOOVEND, Chemist, 22, Pitt-street, Liverpool, in bottles is 10 and 2s 9d. free by post is 4d and 2s, Agent in Warring- ton, Mr. Yotnio, Chemist. Warrington.

• (-1 UIGARS. TOBACCONISTS will find it to their advantage to deal direct with MANUFACTURERS and to call upon or write to WILSON HIOGIN AND COMPANY, CIGAR MANUFACTURERS AND IMPORTERS, 38, PARADISE-ST., LIVERPOOL, Telegrams :—" Senoritas," Liverpool. Branch Office, 84. PORTLAND-ST., MANCHESTER.

TELEGRAPHIC ADDRESS s— TELEPHONE " APOLLO." No. 6457. ESTABLISHED 1828. Wm. H. & G-. H. DREA PER 96, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL, HIGH CLASS PIANOS BY ERARD, STEINWAY, COLLARD AND COLLARD, BRINSMEAD, HOPKINSON, BORD, ALLISON, AND THE CELEBRATED DREAPER PIANOS, CASH PRICES FROM 16 GUINEAS. , AMERICAN ORGANS BY MASON AND HAAILIN, ESTY, BELL, BAUR, AND THE CELEBRATED NEWMAN ORGANS, • FOR WHICH WM. H. AND G. H. DRBAPER ARE THE SOLE AGENTS. CASH PRICE FROM £7. EQUITABLE HIRE SYSTEM, GUARDING HIRERS FROM ALL Mali OF UNFAIR TREATMENT. PIANOS FROM 7S, PER MONTH. ORGANS FROM OS. PER MONTH. PIANOFORTES AND HARMONIUMS FOR ORDINARY HIRE, REPAIRED, TAKEN IN EXCHANGE, AND TUNED, SINGLY OR BY TZIE YEAR.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD DINORWIC AND PENRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON ME FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR ACKERS, WHITLEY & CO., LD., BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES, HEAD OFFIC11: Arpley Station, Warrington. Telephone 19, Tel. Address, Arpley, Warrington. J Warrington.

DON'T WASTE MONEY By purchasing unnecessarily large packets of Seeds when a smaller quantity will suffice. BIDDLES AND CO., THE PENNY PACKET SEED CO., LOUGHBOROUGH, LEICESTERSHIRE, Claim to supply Seeds on the most economical system in the world, and thereby defy competition. 3000 VARIETIES 3000 of vegetable and flower seeds are supplied by us in ONE PENNY PACKETS, and every on 3 of the beet quality in conveniently small quantities. COLLECTION OF VEGETABLE SEEDS, REMARKABLE VALUE. COTTAGER'S COLLECTION, 23 varieties 2s. 6d., carriage pail 3s. AMATEUR'S COLLECTION, 40 varieties 51. carriage paid. All the very bast quality, and guaranteed much above nominal value. These collections are parcelled-up and sold by thousands, or they could not be sold at the price. LISTS OF VEGETABLE AND FLOWER SEEDS SE N GRATIS AND POST FREE. OUR COMPLETE ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE containing 500 Illustrations, price One Shill ng, post free, returnable to customers. ESTABLISHED 22 TEARS.

GRASS SEEDS, PURITY AND GERMINATION GUARANTEED. ONE, TWO. 014)THREB YEARS' LEY, FROM Bs. PER ACRE. TEMPORARY PASTURE MIXTURES, PROM IL% 6D. PER ACRE. PERMANENT PASTURE MIXTURES. FROM 20s. PER ACRE. CARRIAGE PAID. SELECTED SEED GRAIN. WRITE FOR CATALOGUE. LITTLE AND BALLANTYNE. THE QUEEN'S SEBDSDIEN. CARLISLE.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 5d., 10d., and is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES AND BON. WARRINGTON

CANADA.—FREE GRANTS of 160 ACRES OF LAND in MANITOBA and the NORTH WEST. Enormous Crops in 1895. Reports of British Farmers and other new illustratel pamphlets containing information respecthig the NORTH-WEST TERRITORIES and the Provinces Of MANITOBA, ONTARIO, QUEBEC, NOVA SCOTIA, NEW BRUNSWICK, PRINCE EDWARD ISLAND, BRITISH COLUMBIA, where land can be obtained either free or on advantageous terms. Exceptional opportunities for farmers. Great demand for agricultnral labourers and domestic servants. . IFull particulars on all points supplied gratis and post free by Mr. JOHN DYKE. CANADIAN aDvERriMENT AGrivr, 15, WA PER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STBAMBRS. 41 LIVBRPOOL to NSW YORK via Queenstown. EVERY WEDNESDAY. *TEUTONIC Wed.. April 8. BRITANNIC Wed., April 15, Cotton not earned on Passenger Meanters. Second Cabin will be carried on toe voyage maraed thus*, Steerage passage at low rates, including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. Apply to himsr, Imam, and Co., 34. Leadenhall-street, London. 11.0.. and 10, Water-street. Liverpool.

DAY, SON, & HEWITT'S FOUR GREAT REMEDIES FOR LAMBING & CALVI DISORDERS,

AY. SON, & HFCWITT'S GASEOUS FLUID, t'or pru.tratea t..wwi and Ewes, Paining. Scour, De- bility, Hoven. Colic, &c.—Price 20s. per doz.

DAY, SON. & HEWITT'S enumicAL EXTRACT, For anointing after Parturition, straining, and pre- venting Gangrene. For Wounds, Swollen Udders, and Sore Teats,—Price 2s. 6d., 38. 6d., and is. per bottle,

DAY, SON, & HEWITT'S RED DRENCH, For cleansing Cows and Ewes, Fevers, Chill, Red Water. Hide-bound, dcc ; prevents Milk Fever and Dropping.— Price (Cows) 13s. ; (Ewes) 3s. 6d. per doz.

lAT, SON. & HEWITT'S GASHODYNE, sDyeastcelt;n.ns_epri 3a. 6d. xcese:ive paiuperttbcie. instantly, and quiets the nervous

UNPARALLELED SUCCESS OF DAY, SON, & HE WITT'S LAMBING & UALVING CHESTS, Complete, Carriage paid, ,30s.` and £3 3s. Write for pamphlet and full details : ROYAL ANIMAL MEDICINE MANUFACTORY, 22, DORSET-STREET, LONDON, W, (ESTABLISHED 1833.)

"RRUSHES ! BRUSH ES ! ! BRUSHES !! I Xfi GEORGE FERN, WHOLESALE BRUSH M ANUFAC: TURER, MERSEY BRUSH WORKS, CHURCH-STR EEL WARRINGTON. At present and for three successive years contractor to the St. Helens Corporation and to Local Boards &c. Price lists on application. Established 1878.

PIANOFORTE FOR SALIi ; Genuine Sacrifice.—Family leaving England offer an elab rate 70-gn. Oblique Iron- frame Cottage, Italian walnut and magnificent tone, doulale check repeater action, perfect, and very little used ; an oppor- tunity to any professional pianist who would like to examine it ; eminent maker's certificate and guarantee; will accept for ready cash 22g5.-37, BEWSEY-STREET, Warrington.

SPRCIAL SALE OF 300 PIANOS, ORGANS, AT J. PARRY'S. 20, DOWNING-STREET, London-road, Manchester. Premises coming down, and must clear a.; any price. Several square pianos b octaves, from bs. Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Cadby Full-compass Iron frame Cottage, by Brinsmead 7 10 1-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by J.& J. Hopkinson 16 0 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Collard Zis Collard 10 15 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Adams 4 0 Full-compass Iror-frame Cottage, by Tomkinson 7 10 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Kirkman lB 0 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Erard Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Broadwood l2 10 Fine Chancel Organ. in oak case, cost £25 About 60 One and Two Manual Organs from £3 to £4O. Several high-class New Pianos with all the very latest improvements by Erard. Kirkman, Collard, Brinsmead, Pohlmann, Hilton, Hopkinson, Bud Ibach, Newmeyer,Weber.

'TANNERS LANE COAL WH ARF WARRINGTON. THE PEARSON fiND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY. LIMITED. INCH HALL COLLIERIES, NEAR WIGAN. AGENT :-ej WESTGARTH. All kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Bargy, and Engine coal kept in stock. Wagons sent to any Railway Station, House rders promptly attended to. Telephone No. 98

H. EZARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, FEARNHEAD, WARRINGTON. Estimates given for Alterations and Repairs of every description (Town and Country). Houses built to tenants' own plans. Jobbing punctually attended to. Rent and Fire and Life Assurance Agent.

RICHARD BRETHERTON JUN., FAMILY BUTCHER, 4, BT. ?JAMES'S-ST/MEM WARRINGTON. PRIME BEEP, MUTTON. LAMB. VEAL. PORN, Ix., Always on hand. from 50. to aid. per lb. ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO, and •delivered when required.

J. GRANT. WHOLESALE CABINET, FURNITURE, AND DOMESTIC WOOD GOODS MANUFACTURER, &C., SHOP. OFFIOE AND WAREHOUSE &a. FITTER. JDINER, PACKING-CASH, BOX AND BOARD MANUFACTVRER, LYTHGOE'S LANE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF MANUFACTUREX. TABLES—Dining, Square, Round, Kitchen, Snap, Occasional, Ito., IDEBOARDS, Drawers, Chests. Dressers (open or Li closed). TOILETS (open or closed), Bookcases, Cupboards, Shelves Over-mantles, Mantle She'ves, Wardrobes. B 0 X B—Soap, H isemaid, Clothes, Ice, Provision, Flour Knite, Salt. to. B OARD S—S tandin g . Baking, Paste, Cutting, Packing, ao. Stools, Ottomans, Commodes, Cradles, Clothes Horses and Rails, Towel Rollers, Window Rollers and Rods, Boiler Lids, Children's Chairs, Hat and Coat Balls, Clothes Props Window and Step Ladders, .to. NOTE THE ADDRESS.

BOROUGH OF lr --;-?;;', WARRINGTON. 6 W ARRINGTON CORPORATION CONCENTRATED MANURE. Eighteenth Season. General Agent—Mr. WILLIAM HOUGHTON. PADDINGTON, near Warrington.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arrange TEETH All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient fionrfworongdrecibuelroerrand the cost TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate -.charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extraction tas hi rous e.? by the aid of TEETH. :Maker to Dentists of 10.000 gallons weekly. Exors, of, th late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 40, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-BTREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. 'NEES. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-ST RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-ST. NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMARKET-ST

3Elottis', 31_1pbragC, ttr. ONDON.—TAY HOTEL, 154. Ruston Road (3 minutes to .I.J King's Cross, St. Pancras and Ruston Stations). Bed nd attencian ce 2s. 6cl. Highly recommended.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL , 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, EUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSI DR HYDRO Phys., Dr. BAR- NARDI), Summer and Winter Residence, one of th handsomest buildings, centrally situated, replete with ever e comfort, fine sea view, near park, pier. trams, ad golf link y Tutkish, Vapour, and other Baths. Massage, G3.lvani ss. Summer Terms from 7s. per day.—J. Boononx, Proprietor m

SOUTHPORT. WHERE TO DINE IN SOUTHPORT AT HAYES' RESTAURANT, ADJOINING THE LANCASHIRE AND YORKSHIR E RAILWAY CO.'s STATION. 38, CHAPEL!- STREET. SOUTHPORT. ESTABLISHED 1869.

LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY MADE OR MADE TO ORDER In the Latest Style. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS to select from, Waterproof goods of every Description. C. JACKSON HOLMES, TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE CASTLE RUBBER CO.. LIMITED.

UNDER THE CLOCK. IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GOOD BOOTS.

la ACING TIPS seldom pay. try Monte Carlo System; 1%., safe income from small Investments. Particulars six stamps.—" Sport." 19. Wormgate, Boston.

T. G-. PATERSON, F,LUSIIING, HO LLAND, THE TURF REGISTER, Published twice daily. Post free. Telegraphic Addresses: PATERSON, Flushing; BUMPTIOUS, London. x DBEDS not Words. Clients received. Clorane win, El Diablo place; proof offered. For certain winner, city and suburban, remit 2s. to CONSTABLE. 52 Broad Quay, Bristol.

ESTABLISHED 1858. CHARLES SUDLOW, BOOT AND *SHOE MANUFACTURER, 15, WINWICK-STREET, WARRINGTON. A CHOICE ASSORTMENT OF LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S BOOTS AND SHOES ALWAYS ON HAND. REPAIRS NEATLY EXECUTED JON. BLUNDELL & SON. PEMBERTON, WIGAN Aim ORRELL COLLIERIES. COAL INTHARF, 275 GEE STREET, WARRINGTON. ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES. COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS, UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER. JOHN DIGNUM, AGENT.

JOSEPH TURNER, WHOLESALE SMALLWARE, HARDWARE, AND GENERAL MERCHANT, 54, HORSEMARKET - STREET, WARRINGTON. Wringing Machines a Specialty.

It is stated that Lord Russell of Killowen, Lord Chief Justi,..,e of England, intends at the beginning of the Long Vacation, to visit the United States, with a view to taking part in a conference of jur- ists to be held at the fashionable watering place a 0 SarXi,oga.

The 'Loyal Laundresses say Critchley's " STARCH GLOMO Is unequalled for imparting a beautiful finish to starche°s men acc., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.—. Oorir wall. says : --•4 My wife will not finish our linen without your "Starch Gloss?" From Mrs.—, Bradford :—Dear sir!, I am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-callea Starch Glazes end Polishes, but find none equal to yours." I° should be used in every house. Sold at id.. 3d., and 6d., most starch sellers. If not in stock will procure it. CRITCHLET, Blackburn. Proprietor.—Adet.

CONSUMPTION. BRONCHITIS AND ASTHMA. I will demonstrate to the whole world and to suf- ferers from these unfortunate maladies, how they can be permanently cured by an entirely New Method of treatment, without the chance of failure. Particu- lars "Gratis" from Mr. WILLIAMS, 11. Burwood place, Norfolk Crescent, London, W.

• HARROP'S BASSINETTES. H.iBROP'S BASSINETTES. HARROP'S BASSINETTES. 1221 BRIDGE STREET, 122, BRIDGE STREET. 122, BRIDGE STREET- END OF SEASON SALE. END OF SEASON SALE. END OF SEASON SALE. This is a B ma-fide CLEARANCE SALE of about 50 Firg' Class Bassinetts, now offered under cost price to clear. COMB EARLY AND CHOOSE FIRST CORERS BEST BARGAINS. HARROP'S. 122. BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

HIGH-CLAS3 TAILORING. MANCHESTER rIAILORING- AND V/LOTH ING DEPOT, & 101 H ORSEMARKET STREET. WARRINGTON. jAVE NOW READY for the inspection of their numerous Customers, a larger collection:ithan ever of • NEW SPRING GOODS. --- NOTWITHSTANDING THE GRE AT ADVANCE IN PRICE OF WOOL (FULLY 10 PER CENT.) THE M.C.D. HAVE BEEN ABLE TO PLACE LARGE CONTRACT ORDERS AT OLD PRICES. This advantage being offered to all purchasers, A SAVING OF 10 PER CENT May be effected by entrusting orders for CLOMING, EARLY with the M.C.D. THE M.C.D. will forward, on receipt of Post Card, their LATEST PATTERN BOOK, CONTAINING OVER 400 NEW SAMPLES FOR SPRING AND SUMMER. ONE OF THEIR ASSISTANTS WILL ALSO ATTEND KOR THE PURPOSE OF MEASURING AND TO TAKE ORDERS FOR ANY CLASS OF GARMENT Il QUIRED. ALL CLOTHES ARE THOROUGHLY SHRUNK GARMENTS VELL MADE AND TRIMMED, PERFECT FIT GUARANTEED. AND THE EXTRAORDINARY VALUE, GOODS MADE TO ORDER At the following prices, CANNOT BE EQUALLED IN MANCHESTER OR LIVERPOOL. tt 1

IsTLY THE BEST CUTTERS AND WORKMEN EMPLOYED. THE M.C.D. CORDIALLY INVITE AN INSPECTION OF ALL THEIR DEPARTMENTS. 8 & 105 HORSEMARSET STREET, WARRINGTON.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

HOOFING COUGH The celebilated efirectual IBP°PING COUGH cure without intern 1100 PING COUGH medicine. HOOFING COUGH Of all Chemists price 4s. per bottle. Sole BRONCHITIS Wholesale Agents: W. EDWARDS & SON, CROUP 157, Queen Victoria St., London. ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

LA cE CURTAINS DIRECT FROM THE MANUFACTURERS. THE HAPPY HOME PARCEL.-1 Pair elegant Dra7- ing Room Curtains, 4 yds. long, 2 yds. wide ; 1 pair splendid bluing Room Curtains, 3k yds. long, 62 in. wide; 1 pair Breakfast Room Curtains, floral style, 3 yds. long 48 in. Wide; 1 pair pretty Bedroom Curtains. 3yds. long, 40 in. Wide (ALL TAPED EDGES) ; 1 Lace Cushion Cover, 1 Lace handkerchief, 12 yds Fancy Lace, 12 yds. Crochet Edging. The lot, Car. Paid, 175 6d. White or Ecru. SUCH HANDSOME 'VALUE HIS NEVER BEFORE BEEN OFFERED. Money returned if not approved. Picture Book of Lace Curtains, Roller Blinds. Frilled Curtains, Lace, Ac., Post Free. ROLLER BLINDS, edged with Lace or Fringe, from ss. 6d. Samples Of Materials on approval. GORRINGe. & CO., 56 DEPT., NOTTINGHAM.

EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S plus. AR who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism should immediately EADE'S pus. have recourse to BADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADE's pus. been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EA's pus. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the very EADE'S pus. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe in their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. .OUT " 16,Burton-crescent Dewsbury- road. Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. BUMATISM "Dear Sir,—lt is with unbounded pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had IVIRUMATISM Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course OUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. 11 II BUM AT ISM The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a OUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented HE my being laid up again. Ever Once, when I have nad the least GOUT pain I hive taken 2 or 3 Pills and I have been all right again EUMATISM directly. I WOULD NOT BE WITHOUT GOUT THE IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. RHEUMATISM You are quite at liberty to make what use you Eke of this, and I GOUT shall be pleased to answer any poor sufferer who cares to write EUMATISM me (enclosing stamped address). Wishing you every success, Yours truly, ALBERT MOUNTAIN." A RA.DE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS —4-6 sold by all Chemists, in Bottles. Is. Id. and 23. 91. • or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor, GRORGH EIDE; 72, (I 09W Ein-ItOAD . B.C. Ask for and be sure len obtain RAGE'S GOUT AND liliEU- -11ATIC PILLS. 141 PILLS.

SPRING MEDICINE Your blood in Spring is almost certain to be full of impurities—the accumulation of the winter HOOD SARSAPARILLA months. Bad ventilation of sleeping rooms, im- pure air in dwellings, factories and shops, over- IPRING MEDICINE eating, bal./v. improper foods failure of the kid- neys, and liver properly to do extra work thus HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA thrust upon them, are the prime causes of this condition. It is of the most utmost importance that as when warmer SPRINGyou Purify MEDlClNEurifyyourßlood, now, weather comes and the tonic effect of co,d, bran- HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA. • tag air is gone, your weak, thin, impure blood will not furish necessary strength. That tired SPRING MEDICINE feeling, loss of appetite, will open the way for serious disease, ruined health, or breaking out of HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA humors and impurities. To make pure, rich, red blood Hood's Sarsapari,la stands unequalled. SPRING MEDICINE Thousands testify to its merits. Millions take it as tLeir Spring Medicine. Get Hood's because HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA Is tir3 One True Blood Puriaer. Small size, 2s. 9c1.; large, 4s. 6d. Sold by all chemists, or by post of C.!. Hood & Co., 34, Snow Hill, London, B.C.

Atortllantoug.

GEORGE JACKSON. PaWBBILOKBR, JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH 59, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and atm CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING, CHINA, GLASS, GUNS. and MUSICAL IN- SIRUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES Op INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

1 ADIES very pretty Solid Gold Payments taken. 1/ NECKLET. Just out this week. neat pattern, well worth 355.. 17s. D. out price is only

FORFEITED this week a very good Singer's SEWING MACHINE, cost when new 7 Payments taken. guineas; a grand oppertunity for anyone desirous of a sound and cheap machine, will guarantee it to be in good condition; genuine bargain £2 2s. for OALL and inspect new patterns of 1.1 OILCLOTH for 1896, all the one Payments taken. price, for 70. a yard.

QPLENDID WALNUT OVER- ki MANI LE, nearly new, Canopy Payments taken. Top, Brackets for ornaments, ete. Size 46 by 42; best British Plate Glass with Bevelled edges . cheapest • 3 56. glass in town, for AVERY good Axminster Parlour Payments taken. RUG; splendid pattern; 8 110. reduced from 10s. 6i. to

TUST forfeited this week Lady's tl Handsome Gold GENTIVA WxTCH, warranted 18ct. goldcases, Payments taken. Including dome,. jewelled In 4 pairs, extra timed and adjusted and is a perfect little watch, well worth E 3 15s. double, out price is only

TUST out, Handsome Walnut e.l COAL VASE, strongly made Payments taken. and ornamentel with solid embossed biass work. This is a really reliable article for l'7s. 6D

ON SALE, MANURE WORKS. Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. HOMING, 16, Fenwick-street. Liverpool.

BRGE JACKETS. 4s. 64., Cord and Mole Trousers, 65.6 d.; 0 Printed Mole Trousers, look like cloth, ss. 6d.—HAGUE AND Co., Limited, 85. Byrom-steeet. Liverpool.

UOR SALE, 5 HOUSES ,Frances-terrace,Lovely-lane, War rington. In good repair, low ground rent.—Apply J. LONGLAND, Solicitor, Union-at.,Warrington.

FRE& —Married Ladies; information and advice of price less value. Send stamped enve:ope.—Mrs. LAWRENCE, 4, Bradley-street, Sheffitid. Name paper please.

MARRIED LADY, has Valuable Harmless Recipe of great importance to Ladies. Stamped address for parti- culars. Mrs, E. WILSON. Elder Grove, Sheffield.

WRINKLES ! WRINKLES 1 WRINKLES ! How to V Cure and Prevent them. Absolutely Certain remedy. Send is. 3d. to J. STEWART. North Dock, Swansea. LINGRAVING on Gold, Silver, Ivory, itc., name or initials JE'J 64.. with address is. Brass plates for all purposes.— Cow, SO, Sir Thomas-st., Whitechapel, Liverpool. CLELANDS PATENT PIPES, (Briar) Smoke quite dry and clean, no gurgling, no nicotine, post free, 1.. 2d. is. 9d. 22.—J. CLELAND, Drumaness. Ballynalainoh. Co.. Down. x

EAM It/N1 ASTROLOGY.—Marrisge. Business, Prospects, and Partner described, with position, correct, birth- time, sex ;13 stamps.- Prof. BLAKEMORE, Swinton, Rother- ham.

SPLEND ID Assortment of New Season's P.ttems for our Celebrated 10s. 6d. (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonder- fully good vaIue,—HAGUE AND Co., Limited, c 5, Byrom-st. Liverpool.

DILES.-BODDY'S PATENT OINTMENT. Cures all out. ward Piles in two or three days; Post free. with Testi- monials, is. 2d. ;only one trial solleited.—W, BODDY, Brad- ford, Yorks.

VARTHRNWARE and CHlNA.—Seeonds. £2 crates ; VI beet, £3; or will send 15 dozen seconds articles for 171.. 6d.—Write for lists, WEBB AND Co., Railway Passage, Longton. Staffordshire.

SBBDS.—Onion, " Rousham Park Hero," grand for exhibl- tion, ls. oz.; Lettuce. "Jumbo" (Carter's) immense size, splendid quality, packet &1., 2s. oz. List and magazine free. —GUNNELL, Barley, Herts. z

ESTABLISHED 1875--Assorted Crates Seconds Earthen- ware and China. 50s, and upwards. Prices on appli- cnatoi. W. COOPER and Co., Ayshford-street Works, off Clayton-st., Longton. S.taffordshire.

GIVEI THE FISHERMEN A °FIANCE I—FISH Fresh from tha Sea. Sibs. 25., nibs. 2s. 6d.. 141bs. 38., pre- pared for use, cal riage paid by rail, cash with order.— THE FISHERMAN'S SYNDICATE, Grimsby. WOODSTOCK PATENT WATERPROOF GLOVE for gardening; the discomfort of a wet leather glove is avoided, it keeps the hands tree from wet and dirt ; 25. 6d., pair.—LANPRELL, Brackley. Northants.

QAFES.—GEORGE PRICE, LTD., Cleveland-it.. Wolver- hampton, Sole Makers of the celebrated Patent " Case Hardened " Bent Steel Safes, as supplied to her Majesty's Goverament. Write or call for price list.

ToHN LOWS, Fire and Thief-proot SAFE MAKER, has ON SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry. Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from —3B. Albert-street, King-street West. Manchester. - I:4'IRE FIRE ! ! FIRE 1! Geninue SALE of extensive 1 Stock ot Pianos, Organs, ece., previous to re-building of premises, owing to the recent fire ; easiest terms arranged to effect a ere trance.—PAYNE, 103, Approach-road, Cambridge Heath. rill() LADIES.— Female irregularities and obstructions 1_ quickly and surely corrected in a few hours by a new and simple method, which I will send free on receipt of • tamped envelope.—Mr. C. S. DIARTYN, 20, Bishopsgate, Without, London.

T MITSON, Corrugated Iron Church and Chapel Builder 111 • Estimates free for Iron Buildings of every description and erected on the shortest notice; WORKS, The Avenue, Acre Lane.—OFFICE, 2, Bythorn-street, near Brixton Station, London. THIS OFFER —BEATS THE RECORD.—A music roll and _L 328. worth ot good music for is. 34. free. No cluap rubbish. State whether Gents songs, Ladies songs, or Piano pieces are required.—ClTY Music STonEs, 63, Finshnry Pavement, London, C. E.

WANTED. men or women losing or having lost their hair, to know there has been discovered a positive cure ; thutisands of testimouials ;in very had cases samples free ; pric a 2s. 6d., 4s. 9d., and 75. ; stamped envelope for coupon and particuldrs.--TooLE, Hair King, blackburn, Lancashire.

FISM FISH FISH.—For 10s. we forward 10 stone alt of Cod. Ling. Haddock, Rock Salmon, etc. Fresh Her- rings 2s. 3d. per 100 ; Kippers and Bloaters is. 6d. a box Or for P.O. 2/5 or 3s. 6d. we forward a bass of finest selected FiEh. Carriage paid.—Great Britain Fish and Oyster Supply Co.. Grimsby Docks.

AND GREASE.— G. J. STEPHENSON and Co., Oil kJ and Grease Works, Hull. Lard Oil, Whale Oil, Hal Oil. Raw 1 inseed Oil, Bailed Linseed Oil, Refined Cotton Oil, Refined Colza Oil, Best Pine Oil, Best Castor Oil, Finest Sperm Oil, Best Oil, Fine Olive Oil, Black Varnish, Tallow, Le. Best house in England. Carriage paid all over the United Kingdom.

SORE EYES SKIN, DISEASES! BAD LEGS! WESLEY'S OINTMENT is warranted to cure Bad Legs, Bad Breasts, Ulcers, Burns, Scalds, Boils Rheumatic Pains, Sore Byes, and all Skin Diseases, causing the skin to become beautifully clear and healthy. Get a pot and test its great and manifold virtues. Many cases have been cured when the doctors have failed. Sent post free for 12 stamps. from HOLDHOYD'S DRUG STORMS, Cleck. heaton, Yorks.

Q UCCESSFUL GARDENING.—On receipt of 2s. 6d. we .3 will forward, post free, the following collection of RELIABLE VEGETABLE SEEDS :- 1 Pint Beans, toz. Beet. toz. Carrot. Oz. Cress, toz. Musfard, toz. Lettuce. toz. Leek, loz. Onions, *oz. Parsley. 1 Pint Peas, Oz. Parsnip, toz. Reddish. lox. Turnip, (two sorts). For ss. the above quantities'are doubled. Order now from ANDREwa & Co.. 21. Winchcomb-st., Cheltenham. x

GOOD NEWS FOR LADIES. A LADY, the daughter of a late eminent physician, will be 13._ pleased to forward full particulars (on receipt of a stamped directed envelope) of a Certain Cure for all forms of Irregularities. no matter how caused or how long standing The Remedy causes no Pain, Nausea, or Prostration what ever. MADAME DOUGLAS, 127, Gaisford-street, London, N.W A Positive Cure Guaranteed. Hours sto 9 p.m.. on TUESDAYS, THURSDAYS, or by appointment. Name this paper

ABARGAIN. Wash Leather,' the test of ages. Don't use worthless substitutes. Send postal order or stamps, for onds Large Chamois Leather and one panel cleaner "The Sponge Eclipsed." Is. lid. or wash leather and cash bag 3-fold, Is. 44d., or the lot Is. 70. Post free in Great Britain. Why be without a finished leather tit for jewelleiy, plate, carriage or window ? Show your friends. Dozen or half dozen. Parcels Post.—Josms, jun., lieeston Road, Lentou. Nottingham.

liftioretiantou6.

DRAWING-ROOM SUITB in saddlebags, only recently bY•ght new for cash.price £l2 15s. ; owner having left thetown,l can sell it for £8 ; solid walnut frames,thoroughly well made and upholstered; guaranteed clean and sound; would deliver free ; only £8 10s. for seven pleces.—MELiou, pawnbroker, 210, Park-road, Toxteth Park, Liverpool. Tele- phone 9925.

-VELVET PILE SQUARE (bordered), from same house, V and will match the above suite, size 3by 4; only 50..; qxite clean and fresh ; cost recently £3 108.—MELLon, pawn- broker, 210, Park-road, Toxteth Park, Liverpool.

BEDROOM SUITES; guaranteed solid walnut through out : superior make and finish ; very massive; eight pieces ; fine roomy warorobe, fine noble pair of toilet tables, pedestal, towel rail, and three chairs ; ,marvellous value for cash; only £l3 10s. ; room wanted; honestly worth 18 guineas.-31ELLOR, 210, Park-road, Livorpool.

BLACK MOHAIR SICILIANS ; any lengtheut, wholesale prices. Write for patterns to P. 0.. Box 143, Bradford. x

INCANDBSCHNT GAS LAMPS. complete 3s. 6d.; sample posted 3s. 9d.—LEoN SEE, 8, Temple Chambers, Bir- mingham. x

MIARMS, ESTATHS, RRSIDEINCES ; Rents from ss. acre. 12 prices from £6 acre, Rutter's Monthly List post free 2d. 5. liewbridge St.. London.

How to prevent all kinds of COLOURBD ARTICLES running in the wash. Poet free 5 stamps.—LAuximEss 8., 19, Wormgate, Boston, Lincolnshire.

FRHTWORK TOOLS, ebewest finywhere ; .awe lid. doz. wood 3d. foot, patterns Id. each frames 6d. each; list ree.—STBR, Wilson Street, Finsbury, London. 2000 GARDHN PALINGS, n in. by lin. by 4ft. 61n.; will be pointed at one end; price 9s. per 106. R. A. Orson, 76, Grafton-street. S. Liverpool.

50,000 PAIRS LAUB CURTAINS, from 2s. 9d. pair. Photographs and samples of Laces tree.—Wm. COTTON, Weekday Cross, Nottingham.

WROUGHT IRON FIRE and THIEF RESISTING SAFE, In perfe,t condition, with cash drawer, 555., carriage paid.—S. Corr Emu., Ladypool-road, Birmingham. 6 NTENTRILOQUISM SIMPLIFIED." Not a gift but an V easily acquired art. Success certain. Voices every- where. Post free 7d.—Professor MITCHELL. Royston, Herts.

MIOREIGN STAMPS, 51 differrnt. no European, 6c1., ia- _l! eluding Entire Columbus Envelope, Persia, Cuba. Sirmoor (elephant).—TarLon. 379, York-road, Wands- worth. X

STOKHSLHY SHOW, for the best Six Potatoes, grown with the IirRNIA.NBY PATENT SLAG MANURE.—NORMANBY IRONWORKS CO.. LIMITED, Middles- borough.

101 SH all the year round. Packages 25., 2s. 6d.. upwards 12 Orders carriage paid and cleaned for cooking.—Address in fall, istax.aciEh, btar Fish Supply Co., Fish Docks, Grimsby.

66 I.THE CURE" will remove Eczema, Ringworm, 0 Sycosis (Barber's Itch), Scurvey, Piles, Chilblains, or any SKIN TROUBLE; post free 2.5. 9d. J. COUPLAND, Withington, Manchester. x

FOR 4 STAMPS we send one pair Folding Scissors and one Patent Penknife. both Sheffield steel guaranteed. Useful present together with Amusing Novelty Catalogue.— FARIsTr Co.. Dalston, London.

ICYCLE COMPIiiITION. Any person who is desirous of winning a Bicycle can do so by remitting 3 stamps for particulars. Competition closes April 13th.—Coma8 Co., 16, Alexandra-st Blanaford, Dorset.

I\THURALGIA and DHAPNBSS cured by NHURACHA. 111 Guaranteed nonpoisonous. Scientific. Instant relief, Numerous t• stimonials. Is. 3d. post free, prompt.—Messrs. DALE and Co., Patent Medicine Proprietors, 12, Baker-street, Brighton.

150,000 SOLD, Laacasters celebrated photo- graphic Cameras, &c., for Amateurs or Professionals. MAxCHESTER AGENCY Is at 71, Oxford-street. (All Sainte). Lists free. Second-hand cameras bought or exchanged.

DANSIES.-ICO stout, woll-ro.,ted PLANTS, from open 1. ground. just coming into flower, in ten choice separate varieties, or three distinct colon-8, for bedding. Carefully packed free by post for 2s. 61. F. GALVIN, Mount Talbot Nurseries, Roscommon.

ALEX. ROSS' HAIR DESTROYHR removes superfluous hair from the face, arms and hands. It gives no injury. The cost is 48 stamps and can be had of all chemists.-62, THEOBALD'B-ROID. Holborn, London. Letters replied to when stamped envelopes are sent.

RON CHURCH. to seat 200, £110; 300. £l3O 500, 2200 ; .1 Mission Hall 50 yards by 20, £lO5 ; isolation hospitals, ready to contain 6. 12, or 20 beds ; billiard rooms. pavilions, &a., cheapest house in the trade for any description iron buildings. —Havrxixa, Ashford, Middlesex.

'TAO LEASEHOLDERS, Reversioners, Life Tenants. I_ Leaseholds made equal to Freeholds. Mortgages effected. Horse. Cattle, and Vehicle Insurance —THE LEASEHOLD AND REVERSIONARY INTEREST SOCIETY, MORTGAGE AND INSUR- ANCE BROKERS, 20. Cheapside, London. B.C. WHY BUY ELECTRIC BELLS WHEN ODDY'S Patent (continuous ringing) BELL 6s. 6d., is ckeaper and more effective; hundreds in use ; can be fixed in five minutes, never out of order ; sent carriage free, 6s. 6d.—F. ROBERTS, 48, Finsbury Circus, London.

FOR PILES, inward, outward, or bleeding, take Sped- -12 ding's Easellb and be cured, as hundreds before. bold by chemists and Taylors' Stores, or Proprietor—EPEDDlNG, Bone Setter, Batley. is. a box ; post free Is. 2d. Whole- sale Agents : Qom:MALL, BACKnotraE & Co., Leeds.

TRUSSES FOR WORKING MEN. QTRONG and durable, Single 35., double 4s. 6d. Post free 0 to any address on receipt a correct measurement. All sizes and description in stock.—F. WHITE Limited, Truss and Surgical Appliance Maker, 157, Commercial-road, London, E. x

1 S.. For is. we supply car-paid our marvellous value 1 POCKET 016TFIT, consisting ot self-inking Rubber Stamp of your full nam,.. a 11(1some Silvered propelling Penholder, and an Eleq ecr sv action Pencil Case. Agents wanted. UPPINGTON MANUFACTURING COMPAN 1", Wine Offi.!e Court, London.

OHINA and EARTHENWARE.—Buyers are strongly ad- vised to send for price lists of Dinner Sets, Tea Sets; Toilet Sets; China and Earthenware of all kinds and all prices. Special £1 sample crate of best and seconds; single set of anything sent as sample. Buy direct from the Pot- t eri es.—S.W EBB and Co. ,Longton taffordshi re Potteries. x

IDOROTECT YOUR GARDENS.—Garden netting supplied 1 by H. J. Gasson, at 35 square yards for is. Is oiled and dressed, will not lot it left out in all weathers. Send any width; carriage paid on all orders over 5s Commoner netting at 50 square yards for Is. Hundreds of testimonials. —Henry J. Gessom, Fishing Fleet, Rye.

BICAUTIFUL hair gives healthy and graceful appearance. The Ponsonby Hair Wash used 30 years by royalty and professionals. ss. 6,1.. now reducA to 3s. 9d post free, nothing in the world to equal. Promotes growth, prevents falling off. Restores natural youth and colour. W orth its weight in gold. btamps or P.O.—PONSONBY, Z 5, Lime•st.. Liverpool. A REAL CURE FOR RHEUMATISM AT LAST.—In "Father Obme's Powders tor Diseases of Rheumatic Origin 'S sufferers have a remedy that seems to act almost miraculously, even effecting cures when everything else has failed and hope has been abandoned. Price le. lid. from any Chemist. Post free tor 15 penny starnps.—W. L. de S. LENNOX, Northville-st., Nottingham.

PARROTS I PARROTS I—Any person in want of one of these most amusing of all birds, should write to the fountain head. Notice, all grey parrots are imported in Liverpool ; one can be safely sent to any address ; the prince end the peasant supplied from this, the greatebt establigh- ment on earth ; 500 cages.—WILLIAM Cno,s,L trgest Importer of Beasts, Birds and Animals, Liverpool.

PPOTATOBS for Seed —Myatt's early, Ashleaf kidneys, or Colossal. ls. peck (141bs), 6s. 6.1. cwt. ; early Puritan, is peck. 7s. cwt. ; Up-to-date Saxonias or Snowdrops, is. 3d. peck, Bs. cwt. ; Reading Giants, or Sutton's Abundance, Is peck, 61. cwt. ; Imperator 10d.'pe,ck, 58. 6d. cwt. ; Bruce 9d. peck, 58. cwt. ; Magnum Bonum, Bd. peck, 48. cwt. ; Bags 3d each extra. Sent by rail on receipt of cash.—KENNELLY, Smithfield. Market, Birmingham. Special terms farmers and Beadsmen.

AN HONEST MEDICINE. DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FILLS FOR FEMALES. The Most Effectual on Earth. Nothing can resist them. 94d., is. iFi.. 2s. 9d.. 4s. 6d., sent free from observation by Qr. DAVIS. 309, Portobello Road. London, W.; or order of any chemist. Mr. Davis's little book for MARRIED WOMEN. most invaluable, sent free on receipt of a stamped addressed envelope.

NO MORE ECZEMA. GWYNNE AND CO.'S. BPIDERMICA. The Marvellous Cure for all Skin!Complalnts, TRY IT! THY IT! TRY jT 1 2s. 9d. and 41. 6d. a bottle; by post 3s. 2d. and ss. Works! The Mart, Station road, Brixton, London, S.W. x

ON SALE. LARGE QUANTITIES OF SPOTTING Box Es. Apply JOSEPH 'MATTHEWS, Fairfield Saw Mille, Manchester-road, Warrington.

ARlFittilantows.

MANNED GARDEN NETTING, best ta be bad, ss. and I. Bs. per 200 yards.—SPASHETT and Co. Net Mann- fawners, Lowestoft. x

B Barrels. old timber, firewood, as.. Wanted.— I) GRANT, Wholesale Furniture Works, Lythgoes-lane. Warrington. (Firewood Department).

HAIR CURLING FLUID. valuable recipe for 7 stamps; also splendid hair restorative recipe, 7 stamps,— CARTER, 10, Fraser-mount, Burnsantofts, Leeds.

JjOW to make polishing paste, blzeking, dubbin, starch glaze, hair dye, fiypapers, washing cream. Lot is. Id. —HARK ER. Sackville-at., Ravensthorpe, Yorkshire.

VASTIIRN ASTRO! °GT.—Marriage, Business Prospects, Partner Described removals, birth-time, sex; 13 stamps.—PßOFESSOlt BLIKEMORE, Swinton Rotherham. rip() BE LEASED for BUILDING PURPOSES, a PLOT o 1_ LAND situated in a Wood position in Stockton Heath f low ground rent.—Apply J. BOt3TOCX, estate agont, Bank; street, Vitwrington,

(IN SAL% cheap, second-hand boards, scantlings, for fenc- V lag, shedding, ito. New timber of all kinds at lowest rates. Firewood, &..c —GRANT, Wholesale Furniture,Packing- case, Box Manufacturer, Lythgoes-lane, Warrington

_ VOUR OHARA CTIGt told from HANDWHITING.—AII .1 that is necessary Is to write a short late, on unruled paper, enclosing six penny stamps joined together, to Motu, "The Graphologist," 41, St. Andrew's Hill, Loudon. ILO.

rt OLD and Slivar Wyandotte., Bggs, Standldge prize strain ; 51. sitting. carriage I ree.--Ck. CoOra, Natura- list, Shrewsbury.

EGGS, Golden and Silver Wyandotte 3s. doz. White Leg- horn, 2s. 6d. Selected Layers.— GDORGH WHITFIELD, Bow Green. Bowdon.

EGGS (prize strains). Plymouth Rocks Orpington's Silver Wyandott and itinoreas.2s 6d per dozen.--J. G. PowiIALL, Great Sankey.

BLACK Orpington's Eggs. from pure-bred birds of the beet laying strain; 4e. sitting i(packed).—W. H. Woerrox, Bioton Heath. Shrewsbury.

SPBCIAL winter laving ORPINGTONS RUPP LRG. HORNS. splendid Birds Cooks strain, 3s. sitting, war. ranted fertile.—PELLows, Ayiesford, Kent.

CUP Prize-bred BLACK IKINORCAS. Sittings on Sale or Order; 45. 6d.; unfertale replaced if returned.—W. PATTISON, Orobard House, Shrewsbury.

PHBABANTS' BOGS; orders now booked. price list with highest testimonials free on applioation.—CowLEr Bnos., 2dawdesley, Ormskirk, Lancashire.

IVHITH LBGHORN EGGS.—Selected layers. Cocks from Butterfield's, best pen for Pullet breeding, 23. 6d. thirteen.—Puos, Clayton-le-Moors, Accrington.

SILVER grey and dark Dorking EGGS, from prize breed, birds well known. 4s. 6d. for 13; 'infertile replaced.— Address STaxrrox. Game Farm, Ashmansworth, Newbury. DLACK—TitINORCA EGGS Hopkins, and Hunters, Noted Layers and Prize Strain, also splendid Orpingtons only 28. 64. dozen, packed.—JOSEPII EstmErr, 304, Earle-street, Barlestown.

fARPINGTON EGGS, from selected birds, hatched from l_l Cook's guinea eggs; eggs. 3s. 6d. doz. Wyandotte Silver Eggs, from selected birds. Heaths' strain; 3s. 6d. doz. —JUMP, Grirnsargb. Preston.

VGGS from pure silver Wyandottes, white Leghorns,black Minoreas, all carefully bred and mated, with splendid birds from best laying strains, on unlimited grass, 25.13. MULE. Shelford, Hinckley.

BROWN LEGHORN EGGS, from really magnificent birds. on unlimited grass run. in pink of health, unrivalled layers. Hurst's,Anthony's. and Simon Hunter's strain' 4s. per doz. Untertile replaced.—CßlßLEs PRESTON, Manor House, Earlsheaton, Dewsbury, EGC'S from good laying strains of white rose combed Orp- ingtons. Houdans, White Minorcas, Gold Spangled. Gold Pencilled, or Black Hamburghs, also beautifully laced silver Sebright Bantams, 3s. sitting; unfertiles replaced.— GEORGE Asiunorro Claughton-it., Sutton Common, Kidder- minskr.

EGGS barre 4 Plymouth rocks. No. 1 pens. '94 cock, winner several prizes, and sire of first and special Gloucester, and cockerel full brother to Butterfield's '96 Palace cup and first Dairy winners, hens and pullets Abbot's champion cup and medal strain direct, ss. per 13; others, 3s. per 13; un- fertile replaced.—Mits. BARUGH. Charleston, Bridlington. jOHN HDMUNDSON, Crank Poultry Yard (Established ) 1890), thanks his customers for their liberal support in the past, and by mating his birds to produce good layers and show points combined, hopes to have a continuance of their support. Customers will confer a favour by it specting his Stock before buying Eggs elsewhere. Plymouth Rocks, Black Minorca., Langshans. Houdans, Dark Brahma., Anda- lusians, Old English Game (Black lied), Brown Leghorns, White Leghorn.. , Golden Pencilled HVD burgs. Buff Cochins, Buff Leghorns, 3s. 6d. per Sitting of 13 eggs. Golden and Silver, Wyandotte., Black Minorcas, Single-combed Orpingtons, Light Brahma,. Partridge Cochins and Indian Game, 4s. per sitting. All unfertile eggs replaced, if returned carriage paid. Yard open on holidays. Inspection invited. (No Sunday business). EGGS from carefully selected Pure Thoroughbred Fowls. BLACK RED GAME and per dozen. GOLDEN PENCILLED HAMBURGHS. 6s. Types of beauty BROWS LEGHORNS and SILVER WYANDOTTES, ss, Handsome Birds. WHITE LEGHORNS. MINORCAS, BLACK ORPINGI ONS, 4s. Excellent layers. GOLDEN WYANDOTTE, SILVER DORKING, ORPINGTON AND PLYDIOUTLE ROCK, with B.R. Game Cock 3s. CROSSBREEDS with S.L. WYANDOTTE or B.R.C. ORPINGTON COCK, 2s. 6d. Assorted fine large Birds. All packed and Postage Paid or Allowed. Unfertile replaced. JOSEPH BROOME, Penketh, Warrington.

EGGS FOR SIT l'lNG.—Ha7ing re-arranged my pens and put them on new grass runs, I now offer eggs from the following breeds of Pure-bred Fowls :—Black Minorcas. Brown Leghorns. White Leghorns, HOudans, Redcaps, Blue Andalusians, Buff Cochins, Light Brahmas, Langshans, Orpingtons, Plymouth Rocks ; all at 3s. per sitting. Also fine crosses for laying and table use (male bird mentioned first) :—White Leghorn—Light Brahma, Redcap—Buff Cochin. Houdan—lndian Game, Indian Game—Orpington, Black Minocra—Orpinot n, all at 2s. 64. per sitting. Also splendid Rouen Ducks, at 4s. per sitting. Grand Aylesburys at 3s. 64. per sitting, wonderful layers. Indian runners at 3s. All Eggs safely packed in neat box and sent to any part of the w3rl4. Note.—l will reduce all eggs 64. per sitting to parties ho come and inspect my birds and take away their eggs.—HENRY DRAPER, Mather-lane, Lowton, near Newton-le-Willows (five minutes' walk from Lowton St. Mary's). No business done on Sundays.

ED UOATION, at Uxbridge Grammar School. Healthy home t rum h me. Commercial,Hducational, 6 nd Classical Departments.

TM EIN HIGH SCHOOL, boardiug schooi for boys, Fairhaven. St. Annes-on-the-Sea ; sound education; situation unsurpassed; terms moderate. Prospectus on application to the Principal.

WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL. THE NEXT TERM will begin on THURSDAY, APRIL 23RD. For further particulars apply to the HEAD MARTRII.

MALVERN LINK SCHOOL, SMAL.L HOME SCHOOL for Boys under 14. Twenty-five guineas yearly. Healthiest place in England. Delicate and back- ward boys under the special care ot Principal's wife' who I very successful in their training. There having been no median' visit durini the last ten years,—AddressDr.l.llBlN. COWLEY SCHOOLS, ST. HELENS. New Building!, £15.000. Endowment, £BOO per annum. Scholarships, £l5O per annum. ItEAD Mk:. TER : E. J. SIMPSON, M.A., formerly Foundation Scholar and Frizeman. Trinity College, Cambridge. HEADMISTRESS: MISS F YEE, B.A. Examination, Newnha.m College, Cambridge. Next TERM begins TUESDAY. January 14TH, 1896. Fees £6 to £8 per annum. Since the year 1884 about Two Thousand Certificates have been gained by pupils in the South Kensington Science and Art Examinations many of these being in the Honours and nearly Five hundred in the Advanced Stages. Very high places have been taken in the Pass and Honours lists of the London University Examinations by several pupils direct from the Schools at which special classes are held, (free) for pupils preparing for these examinations. Cambridge Locals Twenty-six Certificates. College 01 Prezeptors f Dec 1894. Fifty Certificates. SECRETARY : T. BREW'S, Esq.. Solicitor. St Helens.

Nyarranted COOK LINNET, full song. in cage, 2s. ; meal- worms, 2s 6d.. half pint.—GuxsTort, 21, Little St. Amirew-street, Charing Cross, London. x

To BE SOLD at 1, Hark e-street, Tunnel Road, Bdge Hill. _L Liverpool, 8 Horses, 3 Cabs, 1 Four wheeler, Harness, all Stable Utensils. Rugs, Mats, Lamps, etc.

MR. BUN. MANTON, 45, St. John's-street, Bedford, has to dispose of a large quantity of Yorkshire and all other pure bred PIGS from Bs., 10s, 12s„ 145., 165., 18s., 205., 225., 25s ; all warranted healthy and strong. and as old and. good as any other advertiser; c .rriage paid on four and up- wards ; by taking over four I deduct is. per head.

PRIITTY FOLLY I Yes, the "Parrot Trick" has been worked successfully many a time and oft. Your safest plan is to go to some large importer and purchase direct from him. Of course it is his aim to supply good birds, as each one is an advertisement. Remember his address re- mains the same, while the swindler changes his repeatedly.— Copied from the 'Yorkshire Weekly Post." —WILLIAM CROSS, Liverpool, the Largest Importer of Birds, Beastr. and Reptiles in the World. 800 Cages.

SORE SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS, &c., quickly CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary Book free from 61, Turnmill-Street, B. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cute, bruises, broken knees, cracked heels, grease or thrush. CURED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Condy's Fluid. diluted). It makes the hair grow where rubbed off. Prices, 8 oz. Is. ; 20 oz., 2s. of all Chemists. ITETERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing diseases of Horses, Dogs, &c. from CONDIrti FLUID WORKS. 61, Turnmill-street. London.li C.

LIVANS ROBINSON and CO., Public House Agents, ao., 121 11, South John-street, Liverpool have many Fully-licensed Public Houses to Let at Ingoings ranging from £lOO to £12,000. And they make no charge to pur- chasers unless sptcially engaged to act for them. BVANS ROBINSON and CO. have many clients waiting for genuine Public Houses and Beerhouses, and persons having such to dispose of should place their businesses in the hands of EVANS ROBINSON and C0.,11, South John-street, Liver- pool.

riHNUINH BEHR and WINH House, ingolag £65; good ki position, in suburbs.—BAlLEY, 25, Lime-street, Liverpool.

EIULLY Lionised PUBLIC, entirely free: ngoing £lOO ; 12 money-making house, every proof.—BAILEY, 25, Lime- eet, Liverpool. TICE CORNER PUBLIC, free spirits, ingoing only £l2O, 1.11 splendid chance; recommended.—BAlLEY, 25, Lime- street, Liverpool.

earrtags, asssstlteuto, CARMAGE LAMPS, of every Deseription. Repairs Silver Plating and Japanning.—BD WARD B 'rirriorr, 4, Audiey- street, London-road, (close to Owen Owen) Liverpool.

HOOPER AND SIM MO Di COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES a Moderate Prices. Good Stock o select from. Estimates for Repairs given free . The beat work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams, Landaus. Victories Wagonettes. and Phaetons. now for Bale or Hire.

CIARRIAGE LAMPS from 9s. 6d. per pair; re-silver plat- ing, repairs and japanning.—W. BtxmoN, 37, Datilby- st. (top of London-road), Liverpool. Established 1869.

()LD FURNISHING and Undertaking Business, owner retiring, low price.--CORLETT, ,Coburg-road, Ramsey Men. x

LIROCRRY and PROVISIONS —A nicely fitted-up SHOP at Thatto Heath ; rising neighbourhood; no goodwill; stock at valuation.—Apply ROBERTS, 33, ,lilephant-lane, Thatto Heath, St. Helens.

rVANS ROBINSON and CO, Auctioneers, Valuers. Rotate and Mortgage Brokers, Partnership and Business Agents, 11 South John•street, Liverpool, Undertake Sales by Auction, and Valuations of Property on very moderate terms. They have a large number of Properties on Sale suitable for private investment or speculators, at remarkably low prices. Also many lots of Building Land. Mortgages to any amount kt a moderate rate of interest upon Freehold or Leasehold Properties, with or without chief rent. Businesses of all kinds bought or sold at very low charges. Partnerships arranged on equitable terms.

CRAIG AND EVANS, Business Transfer Agents, 70. VICTORIA-STREET, LITERPOOL; have the following Businesses on their Books for quick disposal. No charge to purchaser. £l7o—Tobacconist, Fins Stand, Takings Large. £4s—Fried Fish and Chip Potatoes, Good Living. £l4—Hair Dressing. Working-class Trade. £3o—Tobacconist, Rent Low, Chester. £l6O -Bread Flour .tc, Two Shoos, Good Positions. Enclose Stamp for reply. Other Businesses on hand.

I3LA CKPOOL. —Mrs. IltarsoN,from Heirnshore; Private and Public Apartments. 162, Lytham-road, South Shore, sea view ; piano.

A LL Wanting APARTMENTS, permanent or otherwise, 1111, should communicate with the IMPERIAL AGENCY, 713, Hoghton-street, Southport.

A PARTMENTS to Let, tiplendid Scenery, use of piano , L 1 Terms moderate.—Mrs. WALTON, Fisher Place, Thirl. mere, Via Grasmere. Cumberland.

LISTS of APARTM.BNTS on Lancashire Coast, North Wales, Isle of Man, Yorkshire Coast, &c., to be had free from PUBLISHING OFFICES, Ba, Lord-st., Liverpool. ASTBOURNE.—Board and residence, in a large detached 124 house, one minute from sea ; large garden, stables. and tennis lawn; private sitting-rooms by arrangement, and good bedrooms on ground float'; no steps.—Apply Mrs, SARGEZiTt Brunswick Nouse, Eastbourne.

PARK MACHINE BAKERY, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON, WILL BE OPENED ON MONDAY, FOR THE MANUFACTURE OF PURE BREAD & CONFECTIONERY, BY JAMES HORTON. THE Bakery is fitted on the most improved 1. Hygienic principals in ovens and machinery, and will be opened to the Public for inspection on MONDAY, TUESDAY, and WEDNESDAY NEXT, from 3 to 6 o'clock. International Bakers' and Confectioners' ExLibition, London, awarded Diploma for Purity and Excellence.

eprltOt

"ATTENTION ! " IROME WAS NOT BUILT IN A DAY. TRUE. IT HAS TAKEN 25 YEARS TO BUILD UP OUR REPUTATION. ALSO TRUE. You may buy Rubbish at Rubbishy Prices, but ss you can purchase a RUDGE from £lO Nett, surely it is worth your while to ignore the many cheap and nasty apologies for Cycles now on the market. Boy a RUDGE or WHIT- WORTH. and save the endless sums for repairs which the purchase of a Cycle (?) made of gaspipe and bedsteac tubing always necessitates, not to mention the risk of lite and limbs attendant upon a rider of a crock. Guarantees from many agents. and makers are not worth the paper they are written upon, so many people in the Cycle Trade being here to-day and gone to-morrow. There- fore, get the Guarantee of the LARGEST AND OLDEST CYCLE FIRM IN THE WORLD By Buying BUDGE AND WHITWORTH CYCLES. Gool Discount for Cash, or on our New Easy Payment system. BUDGE-WHITWORTH, LIMITED (Budge Cycle Co., Lt., and Whitworth Cycle Co., Ltd.) Works—COVENTRY and BIRMINGHAM. Turing out Over One Thousand Machines per Week. LivEareoi. HOUSE-101. BOLD-STREET.

QUADRANT CYCLE COMPANY, LIMITED. SEE OUR NEW PATTERNS AT PRICES TO SUIT ALL. LIST PREE. 69, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. AND 302, STANLEY-ROAD. BOOTLE. LADIES TAUGHT AT OUR TWO LARGE RIDING SCHOOLS.

S--- AFRTIRS ! Safeties !—lmportant to Agents. Dealers, and others. Illustrated List of over 1,000 (One Thousand) Machines, New and Second-hand, post free to any address. Don't pay large and fancy prices for your machine. See Warrilow's prices before purchasing. Single Machines at Wholesale Price. Ladies' Safeties a speciality. Cash only. Agents wanted. List Post Free from W. It. WARRLLOW, Cycle Manufacturer, Regent-street, Weston-super-Mare.

HARDIE'S FOR CYCLES.—CaII and inspect my Stock the largest in Liverpool, before buying elsewhere Priors to suit all. Gent's Pneumatics, detachable tyres,from £7 10e. ; Ladies, £8 10s. ; guaranteed for 12 months. Easy payments taken. Repairs executed promptly. Cushion beetles converted into Detachable Pneumatics 50s. Note Address —HARDIE. 1. Upper Duke-street, Liverpool—Tele- phone 5944 ; and 90, Argyle-street, Birkenhead—Telephone 33. Sole Agent for the Famous Osmond Cycles. Send for Lists. Repairs sent, will be promptly attended to.

27 7 HIGH-CLASS PNEUMATIC SAFETY, latest S. patterns, as new. —Fowi.E.s, 99, Durham-road, Birmingham. x B'CYCLES, up to date, light roadsters, beet material. best wol k mans hi p, non-slipping pneumatic tyres, direct from makers, £7 2s. 6d.-7. SCARCLIFF, 011erton, Notts. x

1896 LADY'S DUNLOP PNEUMATIC SAFETY, £9 98. listed £lB 18s.; Gent's £8 18s. 6d., listed £l7 17s. ; 301bs each, high-class machines, extraordinary bargains. Cycle.—Cooxx's Advertising Agency,Worcester. x

CARMTER AND CO. 53, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL, THE OLD FIRM. Sole Liverpool and Districts Agents, for Celebrated , HOVERS, PREMIERS, NEW RAPIDS, SPARDBROoK'S, ROTH WELL'S, ALLARD'S, X.L., and GLOBE CYCLES. LADIEW CYCLES A SPECIALITY. Every Machine Guaranteed. Repairs and Sundries.—Low Prices. A few Shop-soiled and Second-hand Diachinea under cost.

W. P. &W. SKELTON, LIMITED, JUBILEE BUILDINGS, WARRINGTON. Tntending purchasers will do well to inspect our splendid stock of Cycles, all new for this season's trade. WE ARE SOLE AGENTS FOR SINGER'S WEST'S UMBRIA PPIRY'S, and prices range to suit all classes, EASY PAYMENTS ARRANGED. CYCLE LAMPS, BELLS, and all accessories at bottom prices.

THE CYCLE RING. J. WADDINGTON, (Holder of the 50 and 100 miles Northern Road Record), 16, ST. JA MES-STRE ET, WARRINGTON. AGENT FoR THE POLLITT, COLLIER TWO-SPEED GEAR, NEW HUDSON, ALLARD, MOHAWK, AND TRIUMPH CYCLES. Call and see him for GOOD RELIABLE MAC- HINES. REPAIRS. and Accessories. WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. Secondhand Machines always in Stock. Three years' Guarantee. LADIES' CYCLES A SPECIALITY. To meet the requirements of those who cannot see their way clear to Bay a Machine Ri9,ht Out, by paying £3 down they can have a Machine any day during 1E96. DON'T FAIL TO LOOK IN AT WADDINGTON'S CYCLE SHOW, 16, ST. JAMES-STREET, (Just over river Bridge), ALSO AT MERSEY-CHAMBERS, MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON,

A. CLARE, KNIITSFORD-ROAD BRASS WORKS, WARRINGTON. SOLE AGENT FOR THE BEVERLEY CYCLES, REPAIRS, PLATING, AND ENAMELLING A SPECIALITY. BOILER MOUNTINGS. BRASS CASTINGS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. ENGINE FITTINGS. BRASS LACQUERING. LUBRICATORS. ALL CLASSES Or MACHINERY, &c., REPAIRED ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE. RASS RAILINGS. ALL CASTINGS DONE ON THE PREMISES ,ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE. BRAZING. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL CLASSES OF WORK.

ettitcf. TIMMER SAFETY, just out of pledge, in grand coTrtol good roadster, cost £2l, balls all over, fitted vlibloo Grey Cushion Tyres, not cut or damaged, mad guards. 'go and bell, complete. only £4 155.—MELboa, Pawnbrokitk. Park-road, Toxteth Park, Liverpool. Telephone No.

Telephone : No. 55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, Omani—Market Gate Chambers. Warrington . Aix-nor/Rooms—No.l Bank Street sm i AGENT TO—Sun Ire and Life Office, London, Estabw- -1710. oast Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass ,Fidelity anteo and Employers' Liability) Insurance Associo Established 1856. V Imperial Live Stock Insurance As socktion Limited. tablished 1878. National Bollerlnsurance Company, Limited. Establiob" 1864.

JONES AND ELSWORTH INCORPORATED ACCOUNTANTS. ESTATE AGENTS, &c., 57, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL. i ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE of Property for S6bl Private Treaty, sent post free to any address on appliestn: Re-issue periodically. Particulars of property entered W'"" out charge unless a sale is effected. Advances made by several Building Societies (Permaneol on easy terms. No PREMIUM CHARGED IN CONNECTION r; ADVANCES ON GOOD FREEHOLD SECURITIES. Private wu'" gages arranged at low rates of interest. Telegraphic Address, " Elsworth, Liverpool," Tele1;01 No. 2,136, THOMAS COWDELL, ESTATE AG—EI4I AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFICES AND I SCOTLAND-ROAD ChArPERS. SALEROOM:— J 45, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARRINGTOP Furniture on Sale by Private Treaty. CONSIGNMENTS INVITED.

T.GEOBQ'S I-11-0-N-WORKS, LIMITED (late Ormatid Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, II the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY Fl'A TEENS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CA2:, INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineering Wrj promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on all? cation.—Telephone 229.

10 0 MACHINE TOOLS, comprising Lathes, prl Planers, Shapers, Engines, Steam Hammers, av:4l now ready. Apply. Scorr BRos., Halifax. Patent DulOr_,,' High Speed Gas Engines, effect saying of from 15 to 25 7,1 cent, gas per brake h..p. on the ordinary single-crank r engine. Beet and cheapest extant.

D RICK MACHINERY READY FOR DBLIVJIi "LITTLE WONDER" Wire cut Brick Mael I Capacity 30,003 per day. No. 1 machine, Capacity 10 " Invincible " Brick making and pressing inacb.d Patent Steam Brick Presses, Grinding Mills IQ 9 0 "perforated Pans. Mortar Mills, Clay Waggons. Whee.—i, of Barrows, Eddingtons' Sand Faced Brick Making Machio , and other plant of the best and most modern constructil Prices and particulars from JAMES BUCHANAN and fl° Caledonia Foundry, Liverpool.

pATIiNT OFFICR MANCHES ESTABLISHED Dv 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have had more OBS unote years' personal experience in connection with this listav- ,,, meet, and possess practical knowledge of thepootton, vool'. and iron manufactares. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price 6d. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price GEORGE DAVIES. C.H., & SON, F.1.P.A., 11.0•." 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

PECK ETT AND SONS. LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

0011 PP. rimy, AND BE CONVINCED. Money advanced daili 1 a few hours' notice from £3 upwards, simply on noto to hand. Interest, lower than elsewhere, and cash brouge, the house It preferred. Letters promptly attmded 0. Apply in confidence JONES, 64, Church-street, Warri nine Private house. Special terms to farmers. Hours 9 a.nh 8 p.m.

I U E OLDEST ADVANCE OFFICE h` MANCHESTER. e ACO STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO to upon PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY at much lower inter than usually charged. Repayment arranged to suit rowers' requirements. Genuine aud extensive business eloo., for 25 years past. No Bills of Sale taken.—Apply or wri: for terms to GEORGE. PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Icenneb at., Manchester.

MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. APRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital his disposal is open to advance Loans daily frora upwards. No fees charged. No security required. Siaillbc on note of hand. Distance no object.—Apply personallY by letter to MANAGER, 6, Cross Lane, Earlestown (prir.ds house). Hours 9am. to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy go" teed. Special terms to Farmers.

0 IVIONEY.-A PRIVATE GENTLEMAN witha large Capital will make ADVANCHS from £5 to to all respectable Householders, Tradesmen, Workingille,l:; and to all Classes worthy of Credit, simply on written proin,,' to repay. No bondsmen. No publicity, and no inquiry fr't The Money can be advanced, if required, at the borrovrefolo own house thus saving them trouble and expense. If );.,, cannot get an acivanc,. from rue it will be useless applr7 elsewhere, as no respectable application is ever refused., Apply Mn. WEST, 32. Golborne-st. (private house) off Sanlco,; st., Warrington. N.B.—All letters prompt attention. ApP" and be convinced. (No agent.)

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. ,0 R iTi ANTI! i4lotoODTWrgescomnetnintirasrmtoermsakvAuffnAglg.ravek and all respectable Ilcuseholders, on their own security. gIONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. if MONEY TO PAY RENT OR Dl,, Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public en 4,3. on your simple written premise to pay back.—Apply pt TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDIn-h and in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-If:id any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and Disro- generally receive precisely the same attention. lONEY LENT on note of hand alone, without suretie. publicity, or security, from £2O to £5,000, to ladies:o gentlemen, tradesmen, clerks, farmers, or any responsi person in town or country (distance no object) upon nig'or easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. No fee. preliminary charges is hatever ; strictly private, promptalelo, straightforward dealings gnat anteed. Bills discounted, o_o pectable borrowers elsewhere paying the usual extortiolal, loan office money lenders' or so called Banks heavy iuter:e• and fees, are cordially invited to come to me, and I will t. commodate them upon much easier terms and lower inteyo. than elsewhere. Before applying elsewhere call or s'il'ef WILLIAM SPENCER, 1, Wellington-buildings South, 2, Ded land Alley, South Castle-street, Liverpool. Establi. 1851.

LOANS £3 TO £5OO Di TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDRU ,417, ON YOUR OWN SECURITY. NO BONDS REgulo- AND STRICTLY PRIVATR. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. I £l5 repayable 7/6 per 10. £5 „ 2/6 „ £2) „ 10/- £lO 5/- £25 ~ 12/6 Also LOANS granted on Life Assurauce Policies, nef versions, Freehold and Leasehold Property, at Five J. cent. interest. Letters with a stamp will receive prompt atteliti°l3. Office hours 10 to 7. Sat4r4h47 10 to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH W ADSWORTIL t District Ageo, 119, MERSEY-STREET, WARRING Tl'',

AMANCHESTER GENTLEMAN with PIO uninvested Capital, WILL ADVANCE SUMS ifert to £l.OOO, to respectable persons, on tly3 Borr° SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE to REPAY. el* Without Sureties Also on Deeds RepnYna A , Delay. „ Life Polices 6d. in th!„tplY „ Law Costs. &c. weekly,n2oPelf ~Publicity. or cplarte'oje Capital can remain at interest. This: Oflce is a BoVie; Private Concern, and not connected with any Loan itol, HABITUAL BORROWERS reques'.ed not to appil• particulars from J. CAMPBELL,

BELFAST HOUSE. JOHN WILSON AND SON, BELFAST and BALLYMENA, LINEN and DAMASK MANUFAC.CULtERS beg to inform their former Paaons and the Public generally that they will OPEN their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE, 76, BOLD-STREET, LIVER- POOL, on TUESDAY FIRST, 3RD MARCH, with a COMPLETE STOCK of their CELEBRATED HAND-WOVEN DA MASK TABLECLOTHS, NAPKIN-3, SHEETINGS. PILLOW LINENS, TOWELLING. CAMBRIC POCKET-H AND- KERCHIEFS, also GENTLEMEN'S SHIRTS, COLLARS, and CUFFS, and LADIES' and CHILDREN'S UNDERCLOTHING, of their Own Manufacture, all of which they will SELL at Bona-fide MANUFACTURERS' PRICES. All are Invited to Call and Inspect. No one impor- tuned to buy. JOHN WILSON AND SON, LINEN AND DAMASK MANUFACTURERS, OF BELFAST, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

A WONDERFUL REMEDY For BILIOUS and LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, WIND, , SPASMS, FOUL BREATH, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, IRRITABILITY, LAS9ITUDE, Loos OF APPETITE. DYSPEPSIA. HEARTBURN, LOWNESS OF SPIRITS, GIDDINESS. &C. As a General Family Aperient Medicine, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, ARE UNRIVALLED. Heads of households should always have a box by them to resort to on any slight occasion of ailing on the part of those under th-ir charge. as by paying attention to thp regular action of the Stomach,Liver and Bowels.many a severe illness is avoided or mitigated. They give a healthy tone and vigour to the different secretions. causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digestion and strengthening the whole system. The Genuine are in a square green packet. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other medicine instead. Prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, Seymour Place, London, W.

WESTON. Considerable interest was manifested in the election of members for the Parish Council of Weston ward. The election took place on Saturday, the polling booth being located in the Girl's School, under the presiding officer- ship of Mr. F. Johnson, with Mr. J. Collier as poll clerk. The result of the count was declared as follows: The Rev. Canon A. Maitland Wood, 89 : Messrs. Joseph Tudor, 85 ; James Ford, 85 ; John Ball, 78; Thomas T. Sill, 72 ; David Somerville, 70 ' • Arthur G. Guest, 65,and Daniel Basnett, 61 ; (elected). Messrs. W. Dunbavin,6l ; Thomas Griffiths, 52. and J. Ellis Sweetman, 31. It is worthy of note that Messrs. Basnett and Dunbavin each received 61 votes. To meet such a result the presiding officer was empowered to decide by casting lots,and this being done the election was decided in favour of Mr. IBasnett. HELSBY. The interest in the Helsby Parish Council .?lection was maintained until the last and the result announced, was as follows :—Messrs. J. Taylor. 101 ; J. Elams, 91 ; F. Wright, 88; W. Davies. 81; G. C. Taylor, 80 ; A. J. Briant, 76 ; J. T. Collier, 70; W. Barlow. 68; J. Potts, 66; G. White, 66 • and J. Brandreth, 58; (all elected) Messrs. W. Guest, 51; T. Noden, 50; and S. Moss, 45. Mr. G. F. Ashton was the presiding officer. ALVANLEY. The result of the:Parish Council electic n was as follows —Messrs. A. Greenway, 38 ; Thcmas Wright, 35; W. H. Lowe. 33 ; S. H. Noden, 32 ' • T. Booth, 27 ' • R. Dilworth, 18; and W. Dugdale, 16 • ' (alt elected) John Antrobus, 14 ; J. Littlemore, 14 ; J. Dugdale 11.

Health and ... , versus om Cfort' -.. 1, 7:34,0, -4- 0 ..--, 1 tvlit, li %.,rPe Ltlat ~ • 11 Ptclkitig.r .$ The pill.taking habit is harial__Af°l" 1 V to the constitution, as increa7f, i •ii. doses have to be taken ire oruppi to produce effects which are oft,v painful and not perrnancoq ',--4 beneficial. On the other boy 'WV the occasional use of ft.r CALIFORN/A q Syrup OF ... r fry 1 41 '4- Ig, k k -4:)," - 'kl4qs • ‘4,-) is everywhere highly recolir mended by leading doctors 147 becausea acts on :the KidneYS: 11# Liver and Bowels, withotil P- weakening them, and it is per" (* fectly free from every obJec, ,e tionable quality arxl substance, ! ... Though gentle and mild :- ..,t, y. action, ft is prompt and unfail" ing in the permanent cure 0 Habitual Constipatioll, i re Biliousness, Headache, indi'l gestion, and all kindred coil' , 5. ~ plaints arising from torpid liver,' and other causes. Syrup C' *Figs keeps the system regular. The true and genuine remedy, named SYruP of Figs, is manufactured only by the , , CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP COMPANY' Of all Chemists, as. icl. and al gd. i. Depot-32 SNOW HiLL, LONDON.

iv fOR CZEAWNESSI/SE"ONLY7*-- 4, - ' .IxErs_,,,,,, , , , ._, z,..., , ~. D A '' k 1 -

DR. BIIVELLI'S CATRAMIN PILLS (Globular shaped Pastilles.) FOR COUGHS, CATARRH, • INFLUENZA, CONSUMPTION. (40 This celebrated Medicine is 16retagly recommended affections of the Throat ani Lungs. It la invalu nu' Singers, Lecturers and Cl-rgvmea. Price Is. 11-1. and 2s. 9d. per box, To be obtained Chemists and the Wholesale Agents. W. I.; DW ARDS & SON, 0 C. 157, Queen Victoria Street, Londf._2 Helens; and 33, Market-street, RA.RLESTOWIP. 1896.

One littto:bottle of floz.tor?o• PISO Is not guaranteed to cure all. ills, But one little bottle,- beyond all questiOnt Will thoroughly concimp-Indigestion! , inAtzel=fal,SfiNgMi.. 7", .:,•••—i ...., - _ ...° .. — • Mrf.e.W... • '-'fal'iMi=-ZitiENt:7o'.'"..daLd".,,-;Mkw.;14.7`..,:,' . , They have 100 YEA.!.S, It6BLITATION or bei,Al)J, UNEQUALLED REMEDY for I-NDIOES.I.T.O.a, AMIE, BILIOUSNE6,,. DE C1A.1227: EITI3AIACTS ,f).1; LIVER COMPLAINTS.. A, eilalii.:llD ',I.'OISIO r GENTLE APERIENT. 1 , 7 c 77.,, .51.3 ~1.. A ' '''' • 4,4 F . •.., , , ...• ..1. irsiTa. NI • . ~ ~.. -,--4-rr, c.-.• , 3.7,-,.1, + ~, p:, :,,, - • 0,,-) ' Mild In Operati.:;rt. Perfectly- Safe, and Free Injurious Lir:igs. , „„7icitie In tottles, i15.P.4., 2s. ;id., v.r.ti la. of ad Vendors. Ask Zr Norton's Camemiks P 1113," and du ' be I,,.tsTr-ided to take .i. sr,bstltute. A Piel,ayeii by NORTON'S LTD., 21 Spital Square, tondo-,, ' rit'',EMZEK:s32lbfaars.:l2,XlF,a,- /,`,. -.a% 44:4,14,-. ' IPP:=M;KfTeTZ:=MlNNUrZrnr:ilftsir..7,4•..g, 7f.i.4,srm 4, I'''' ONE NIORTON'Sr:----- _ _— POLI S H I N G—A PLEASURE I i WILL NOT afeet: ni s TEPHENSu;I FINGER I._er-7-71, S FURNITUP re, CREA ~_.,...„...,. ~,,,..,-,,-,....... ... - .' ~:-...t.it)-t.'i..i:.-Ai--,- • - te-1 . :-• , -efi':.-Nrl.-__.f-7.__-_,..,-----------r- ', ''.--.-, ----------7.'--:r:-. -:-.------...7. ' VC A lAtai ' ----filliTTi'ilittgo:94.- -------z-P- , i AIII Aliti '!4.'• J• ."' . ett Sole Proprietors, STEPHENSON BROS., BRA Sold by Chemists, Grocers. amt I ronmollOr, D. _ S. ‘..-ItliE., 4110/4V/S' y , MUSTY FLAVOR-;, .- /I N , or .0

LA il lES iNDISPENSABLE TO LADIES 1 Particularir L whodesire acl safe and reliable remedyfor all obstructions and 10 larities a medicine which cures (usually in a few 11 cases which have baffled the skill of tha best medical men lady need despair as the most obstinate &hopeless cases been immediately relieved by this remedy. Mrs. Wil' Honor Park, Forest Hill, says: "Your inyal same' %Immediate effect; in less than 1217 was `• after 18 weeks of misery and ho nese. y certified guarantke is enclosed with monialt. )dicine. One packsge at 4s. 6d. is sufficient tor any case. Ladies send at once fully dir velope for particulars and proofs. twill forfeit £lOOO testimonial that is not genuine. Thousands of testi have been received. Established over 100 years. Do misled by showy advertisements and other so-called' which are utterly worthless.. Write privately, at IDALWIE E`ltiLlzir, DICAL INSTITUTE, HACKNEY -Pollite titigraditok Ghuran). F

Pu NsR 141 SR I,4isli I iTithisli I 44141 NSII tt

A GOOD FAMILY JUDICINE CYEST, WITII a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved Upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, kliteri: nnd that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little 118 compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, dtlowteB2ed bY many thousands of Persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set 4 EtB the best.—Observer. - Coe KLESs FREE FROM MERCURY. ANTIBILIOUS Op PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. P I :;- LS. For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, Ikc.

PuRE IRISH LINENI 411311 LINEN 1111311 LINEN 111ISR LINEN 111141 LINEN lIIISg LINEN 1111 SR LINEN il NI L [NEN 41111%11 LINEN 441311 LINEN

IRISmiyTBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS Guaranteed at Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/. per dozen. IRISH LINEN COLLARS. Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 441 per dozen; made spec;al to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9,4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 316 per dozen. DINNER 2;APKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 40. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS, maErl ISA‘7I7E .11111. D IRISHTWEED, aalnldPsurtyelleV. oopl.leaUsnse suarypaifssfeodr fLoardSietsr,enogrtGhe, nDtus,rawbeilaitry, PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. k ft FIUTTON & CO., LARNE3 IRELAND.

. , _ • ~ , ~,.., • I ,-..',• .. ~ , , • - • ../ - -3- •;•• ~. , i ~, • • , •,-‘ .74 ',,, . ''', : . ‘..:',.:k.'. '• 7 :4':-'7. ..• ' Ai i /: / „ •.,,,•,.:,-. .' • ,‘l,- ' \ •'. /I ''''////' , y//./ :1"/ ' ,•,.. iis -:, .. ,r- -, ~ , .k. 2\\\,, .: \ ,':,;.:,:::' '','f-y.: ''.- \:.' -'\ \ -'*,.., '• t 14‘ I /I I f filur ,' / i Ili i4,' , . d, ~.,/,.,1::::, ',... / .., ,10,1 •,.....::t.,,,,,,\.%\\.,,,tkAit,..,11. III( .01iii• fifvffsi f ./P y A'' N-,:'''l- ' ~, \\:,;... \;.s: ,\\ X.c,, . ~N • 1,,, i i ""'" / i i,/ 4: ,/,, /, )i \\ ..:s, \ - \ ~. ,•N\ -`\ ,:;.3.%—ic;2/..7',..,-,,, ,'.," -., • V I —_,,c—r—r• ,;-:"/////,;/:', \ :-.f.5..::!..\ \\,. : / ,;, ' ' •.4•,,,„, ~: , ,--.. -..-, , ',.,`' E ~, / ' '/ • /f .-- i , 7/. /5 ~, 4, , ?, , • \,. \••••••,..,•:: -- \s - ~ /4 , . • --_,•..., Inc sT,/,/,• ?...... ....///, : \\. :-..., - 4- . 5-,/ ;„-•:-:', :e.;-. .., ~ , . - ' •- ,/ 1 - -,-, ../ , . /2, •,,/,'• --/-,- ~/, ---,,,,, • ".• ,„ ~.., ~ ,?,,,, ~ „,./. ,// / / k • ~, , it ~,,, .., -. / , , //;A/"....- /'•• • • •,... , • ~',/;.:',/,;4';' ' ' - th for ,

_ Jars 7eil Bottles IL ws, , , --V :11' P 11/1.2. 2/9 4/- I . •OcY 11/6 k , 'a *. ' /. 22/_ vi-oix*,-,k,--,:i -,v . 6?* ~ ‘.2 , , , (, 4 . ....,,, ..., .‘ .., • .. ... ...ft.. , ~,,,„„„,,,, • ~ FORFAR ATHLETIC -_---_--...---1-:75: , • , ___________,,_\ , _..,,...: 2/ 60lAnLLem.Cur.rUeB*" 7 satisfactunt to 7.:-.-71----4... *-9----,.. ,who have,' ~,,,,--,46 ----- u.sea, it ''_' e.........? //V i• i • ... il ,• .... e,,,,,, ~...... ' • we c....„----- ~.a.*.t '...:- - - „ , - „,..-,,,, :0-- re,areciond* -=------ ~,,,,., ...___ , r4---a--1 ,„45.1:7-, - * ---,---...,----.._ ELLIMAN SON 5 U UO.' 7-,-,k, • slouh ..-- . , ~,/, ...... , •.., • I' d'e ~ • 14cierts r ~..,„."---- '" • 119., ENGLAND / ---., . t,.........'1 _ 4‘..;"'","7" '"" -: r r.51,1414We,-(.. 'D ......, -, •st I . -....s . bind . e _ _

PILLS AND OINTMENT Will Cure BRONCHITIS, ?ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, (to. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES; SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, Bce.

aIIOWTHE.SLOOCI IS 111 E I.IFE" L. , _. . _ , f i WORLD-FAMED , „. BLOOD . MIXTURE ~ THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. _ "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: " It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to light, and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it to our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and lls, each, of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY. LINCOLN. Beware of Wortl less Imitations.

THE GRE ,kT REMEDY. suit/ass GOUT PILLS FOR GOUT RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA, LUMBAGO The Excroatting Ptiri s quickly relieved. Sure, Safe. and Effectual. Sold ly all Oaemists at is. lid. and 2s. 9d. per boa.

'ALEXANDRA' HAND SEPARATORS. Make 20 °/. More Butter. Saves Sent on Labour Trial. Time zkii. '- Carriage fer r ' Fuel Paid. Space _ • and Utensils. SIZE EASY TO WORK FOR A S. d. No. 12 Lad 16 Galls, per hr. 9 0 0 „ 11i „ 25 „ 14 0 0 Pg Bpp 30 pp If 15 15 0

TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS fot Females, quickly correct all irregularities, removes all obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptons. so preva- lent with the sex. Boxes Is. 121 d. and 2s, 9d. of all chemists sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker E T. TowLE, Chemist, Nottingham. Beware of imitations.

ONE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is war ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs in either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains in the hack. G tsaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes 48. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Venders throughout the World; or sent to any address for sixty stam; bytly3 Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; ,BA.ROL.LY & tSONS Loadon, and all the Wholesale Houses.

R.A. LISTER aCo" LTD. DURSLEY, GLOS.

ESTABLISHED 1851. BIRKBECK BANK. Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, London, TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed on DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT on CURRENT ACCCUNTS, on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lOO. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purchased and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT. For the encouragement of Tlp•ift the Bank receives small sum deposit, and allows interest monthly on each com- pleted E. BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars post Tree. FRANCIS RAVENSCROFT. Manager.

„,./i.,,P -..,,,,„^';'.,-.___ r ,-.•--- -'- 4.:.-%.,-,-...,-7: . „,,, ) .t.. •[. -) ~ i\ , I 7\ ~ ( ! c ; , •‘, k ', -•-,/ - ‘ 1 \ ••,, _._,,, ~. P,1114/S 4, 7'l', ~./.:."//154,.,i1A":.- .1:',,,: .r, {l+ .`-• ~., 7.,' , j '.• e” pi - --''''. q, . , ; '&21'1%. ''' ',,, ,','' ', ' ~ , ,-;',4,47..,- '',4"-ir,,,:,:•; 1,/"', .:', -f *?,, ,4..:•. ',• - '' r 'o7.s?; ./ :',.", ', 'Y.4 , ~. :,".,''. .1:7-0*, it *a 7-.77.±.. ,' ',i4t'?',44:.- ~...,..,' ,e)4,.,' ' s-.,/s° ;IP ~,,. Kr" ~i` vt4l,k. '5 l'ilei ''' i';'':%:.-1,. ‘11•,!'1'''...:1,,r: ''''.loll';' '1 A .ik k-- 0,1,:',,, : ),..'" i•—• ,t' . ..),-,-, A . ---4.!--t-1-.0 kovpt - Z 1 ''*.•.%... cii 111"••". FIFTY Tr '' - oler. - . VAR r, ... . 'll, : • V. , ~,,' ~ ', • . 00THIND,-- 7'11411111-1. EIIEiVE '7l (1)-- ,i , \ (---,,ii FEVERISH HEAT. . \ ( ••• \'. i , •:' )..) Ti ) ./ . ; . , ~ • t.. C3nvu;sitriS ate 1, ,_N :? __ ' i,_ 1 Preserv• ' ' L Hn!thystitecf Ole • , :or,sc,to,r, Join; 6e ', Pin" *f TFETNINC Fr dlciren . .. cuttijerger4. 4 r AWOUH,Surrey: . : -----, I) ' I Please Observe the E E s, ! 1 N STEEDMAN. .? ,• ..., :A', ~?,,,..4.

11111110ISON FOR KILLING RATS. Thousands have been killed by using SANFORD'S POISON. Hundreds of farmers that have used it say it is the best Poison known, as they find a lot of ra ts dead by using it. Post Free. is. 2d., 2s. 3d. box of SANFORD & SONS, Sandy Beds. Send stamps and try it. Soldby Chemists. Also, MICE POISON for dressing corn stacks, and poison for killiu Moles on land.

DEBERT 7 S LWONDERFUL WATCH. CENTRE SECONDS BEST VALUE IN THE WORLD. BEATS ALL' OTHERS IN QUALITY FOR ONE OF AND ‘lelry4;7lf PRICE. DEBERT'S WATCT

-,-------- - . i ' • S ' • ' ..? , ~..ii. .1, ~......1.. ,--.T.'igkOF,lkikl/40, I 4 . ZS NsZ,W • Chas- ., ~,.„... .... is, . .1-, • „,_.,. plain pre- . t „ resem bling l 4,1, ~ I I Si lver e qua V,.\ '• .‘,:,, • ,',./ sr to e;\ ' 0 -•'7/ &/ Itey' 5 Gut- \•;\ . ,%,, \/4 . - e , , nea Wat- \ •... -,,,, .1A- ..."',' •:, ches, can be o I ~.4f • had in - , ';'-c _-----" plated eases - looks exactly as al5 Guinea Gold Watch. All are warranted timekeepers. I will send by registered post, safely packed. at. my own risk to any address in the United Kingdom on receipt of postal order 7s. 6d., a Watch as above, plain case resembling silver or gold (as desired). Enclose: this announcement (" Examiner ") with) order to-day. My 6d. Albert CHAIN .. Woltaz " Silver (stamped Debert, Liverpool, on the bar) are the best in the world. Seal to match 40. Ladies' Bolicl SILVER WATCHES from 10s. 6d. Real Silver Albert CHAINS 3s. 6d. real Silver Name BROOCHES,HaII marked. from 100. P. DEBERT, Watch Manufacurer, Wholenle Jeweller and General Merchant, 10, CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established over 10 years.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNR. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CHLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful and Valuable remedy ever dis- covered. CHLORODYNE is the best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis, and Asthma. O.IILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases.—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup, Ague. CHLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea and is the only specific in cholera and Dysentery. CrLORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of EpilPrisy Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. O.III4ORuDYN E is the only palliative in Neural- gia. Rheumatism, Gout. Cancer, Toothache, Menin- gitis, &c. From Dr. B. J. BOULTON and Co., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately, and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling of comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all others edatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. "Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla, to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet. Ist December, 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMI- TATIONS. CAI/TlON.—Vice Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. CoLus BROWNE was, undoubtedly, the inventor of " CHLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant TMP ORTANT TO MARRIED LADIES FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say. --- had been sworn to.—See Times. 13th July, 1864. Valuable and never-failing remedies for all irregularities Sold in bottles at Is. lid., 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is and obstructions however obstinate or Icng-standing, ancl genuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S never fail to bring about the desired effect, as testified to by CHLORODYNE" on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- hundreds of cases; they are without parellel in medical science; lug Medical testimony accompanies each. bottle. have saved thousands trouble, illness and expense. Stamped SOLE MANUFACTURERS.—J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great envelope for price list. —QUALIFIED CHEMIST, 201, Great Russell et., Bloomsbury, London. Ancoats-st., Manchester.

A REAL BOON TO LADIES TO Especially to those who wish to know of LADIES 1 0 a safe, certain, and speedy remedy for LADIES TO all irregularities and obstructions. a LADIES `-' remedy which under the most trying ... , ..,Al/ _ TO circumstances and in the most difficult Lil.llS TO and LADIES TO OBSTINATE CASES LADIES TO NEVER FAILS TO AFFORD RELIEF, LADIES TO GENERALLY IN A FEW HOURS. LADIES TO No ease hopeless, failure is simply LADIES TO Impossible, as Mrs. Snow, of Denmark LADIES TO Hill. Cambet well, writes: LADIES •• By adopting your treatment my TO anxiety and misery was over within LADIES TO twenty-four hours, although for over three LADIES TO months I had been daily taking pills and LADIES TO otter things in vain. Half the quantity LADIES you sent proved effective, to my intense TO oy and surprise." LADIES TO A sworn guarantee is enclosed with all LADIES TO testimonials and medicine, which is in- LADIES TO expensive, as one bottle at 4s. 6d. (by LADIES TO pt, 4s. 9d.) is usually sufficient for any LADIES ea . TO Full particulars will be gladly forwarded LADIES TO to any lady on receipt of addressed LADIES TO envelope. LADIES Write privately to— TO Mrs. M. M. lA., LADIES TO 145, STOCKWELL-ROAD, LONDON, S.W LADIES

THERE IS ONE BEVERAGE SUITABLE for id, 1 SEASONS of the YEAR. Amid Spring's ethereal Ito ness. summer's long and sunny days, autumn's stores, and especially winter's unkindly Waists. a CUP OF GOOD COFFEE is ever acceptable. let cheers and enlivens the robust, it stimulates and flet! the invalid. ast VRENCH COFFEE has ever had the high-- A.' reputation, and it is therefore satisfactory to knoW tn", an English house of high reputation such as gessrs. 8.,710 BEE'S can supply us with the luxury of the finest FlVO:wie COFFEE as used in Paris, roasted ott the French prinClP,b; and most carefully blended in proper proportions with best Burges chicory, "so highly recommendsd by „t:-, faulty." This luxury is sold in canister complete at Shilling per Pound, or Two Pound Tins free by post 2s. 61. to every post town in the United Kingdogn Channel Islands. Large pircels carriage fr,e. sOd ATESSKS. BARBER'6 c _A_ COFFEES are much %PPR "C Journal," September 21st 1895 Price list sent free. at el BISHOPSGAUE zattEEC, E.G.; 274, Rege—„ UJL, Circus, W.; 102, Wtstbourne Grove, W. ; nrsgb and Birmingham.

FoR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arrang TEETH. All consultations free. Pg TEETH. Bach patient informed beforehand the cO. rk required TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An MD,, also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless Ext(r)rktnreause hoimtrierto by the 614 TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10.000 gallons weekly. Baors. of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DB-IrrisT BY Ewa.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET. ST. HELENS, GE 0 RGE-STRE ET, E ARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. MIS° WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANB:O4I RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-BT. N OBTHWICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, AppLatunicsrsf. -

MARRIAGES. BROWN—TRIGGER—Mardi 21st, at the Parish Clauro-to riugton. by the Ray. A. A. Markham, William Br° Mary Trigger. DEATHS. o° WF.LeßY—March 20, at Liverpool-road, Warrington Tw , -- Wolsby, aged 73 years. mad Houoirrow—March 20, at fireball-at., Warringtou,,.— 0•43 Houghton, aged 44 years. LANE—March 20, at Hill-st., Warrington. Mary L 51114,40 18 years. SIDDALL—March 22, at Priestley-at., Warringw-, Air ty Siddall, aged 61 years. •gl GIBBONS—March 23, at 151ersey-st., Warrington, bons, aged 25 years. BARTON—March 24, at Rowe-at., Warrington, Alia aged 68 years. HANNorr—March 25, at Dolman's-lane, Warrington. "- Hannon, aged 15 months.
