===== 0002601_18960111_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
Royal, St. alar mela uses have he dram!' r wha de- lecomes a in which .nceg,help leading Lyle, Mr. .les Vane, lice Ray- 3.

" Char- Theatre t the sug w being WO COM. it is the Imanded the Em- anies, in iting St.

and re- of the ides of a it to tbe nd inci- he situa- ccnnpli- Dsorbing

btain ed 'chasers —To be iithers. tierNAL siga-cl" of t'ie Queen ire en- ?.s. 9d.

T B:

===== 0002601_18960111_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
VubltrationK

FOR GOOD VALUE IN CARDIGAN JACKETS, BOYS', YOUTIIT AND MEN'S,

GO TO UNSWORTH BROTHERS, LYME STREET, MA RENT PLACE,

WARRINGTON.

THE LARCEST SELECTION IN TOWN.

, THE RAPID WASHER SAVES TIME. S 0 A P SAVES LABOUR

JOBEPH MATTHEWS, FAIRFIELD SOAP WORKS, WARRINGTON.

cObtpving 3ottress.

UMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE J 24 WORLD: JOHN WALKER AND CO., "EXAMINER OFFICE. • WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR

OUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- DAY. and for BOSTON every THURSDAY. TNTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- TON. PHILADELPHIA, SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND, stsauld take tickets at the LO WEST RATES at

THE "EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

By any of the ab ore-mentioned or any other lines.

JOHN WALKER AND VD. AGENT AD ELAI DE, MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL. A MERICAN LINE—SOUTTIAMPTON to NEW lA_ YORK. direct every SATURDAY. and LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK and PHILADELPHIA, every WED- NESDAY.

DON'T COUGH-JUST USE

DON'T COUGH-JUST USE

"A SIMPLE Fecr.• Ask throughout the world in any country that can be named, yon will find KEATING'S LOZENGES largely sold. Thare is absolutely no remedy that is so speedy in giving relief. as certain to cure, and yet the most delicate can take - them. KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES.

ANY DOCTOR WILL TELL You" there is no Jettst Cont4h Medicine than KEATING'S LOZENGES. une gives relief; they will eure , and they will n'A injure your heath S.old everywhere in 130. tins. THE UNRIVALLED REMEDY

rpE NRIVALLED REMEDY.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE -

The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 5d., 10d., aud is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J.. LGEDD D SON. WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_18960111_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
COWLEY_ SCHOOLS, _ST._ HELENS.

New buildings, £15.000. Enlowment, £BOO per annum. Saolarships, £l5O per annum. ItRADNIk-ThE : E. J. SIMPSON, X.A., formerly Foundation Scholar and Prizeman. Trinity College, Cambridge. HEADMISTRESS : MISS FYFE, B.A. Examination, Newnham College, Cambridge. Next TERM begins TUESDAY. January 14TH, 1986. Fees £6 to £8 per aLnum. • Since the year 1884 about Two Thousand Certificates have been gaincd by pupils in the South Kensington Science and Art Rxaminations many of these being in the Honours and nearly Five hundred in the Advanced Stages. Very high places have been taken in the Pass and Honours lists of the London University Examinations by several pupils direct from the Schools at which special classes are held, (free) for pupils preparing for these examinations. Cambridge Locals I Twenty-six Cerzificates. College of Preceptors J Dec. 1894. Fifty Certifintes. SECRETARY T. BREW'S, Esq., Solicitor, St, Helens.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
drittration.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
TREMENDOUS REDUCTIONS.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS',

115, 117, 119, OXFORD-STRRHT (right opposite All Saints' Church), 'MANCHESTER.

THE LARGEST AND MOST COMPLETE SHOW OF' HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE OUTSIDE LONDON. SECOND-HAND FURNITURE, BEDSTEADS, &c.. &C., BY ALL THE BEST MAKERS, AT 25 PER CET. BELOW COST.

CONDITIONS OF SALE.—AII-600ds packed and de- livered free any distance. Railway fair paid to country customers. Goods*stored free of charge until required. Al! articles re-polished and exchanged if not approved of. The PUBLIC ARE INVITED TO CALL AND SEE THE WONDERFUL BARGAINS now being offered, the quality of the FURNITURE being A 1, and now sold at Ridiculously Low Prices to make room for several large houses of Furniture now stored away, having no room to show them. Don't delay, but cAll at once, and capture the bargains now awaiting you. When you. come to visit us you have no ex- pense. We pay your Railway Fares, we Deliver the Goods Free, and you see what you cannot see in your own town— that is £10:000 worth of good, substantial New and Second- hand Furniture to Select from. Come to Manchester by all means, and Save fully 50 per cent of your hard-earned money. GclOD SECOND-HAND FURNITURE IS BETTER THAN NEW. THIS WEEK'S BARGAINS IN DINING-ROOll

===== 0002601_18960111_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
FURNITURE.

£4 103. Od. worth £l2 10s. Od., very massive DINING-ROON; SUITE, in leather, large Couch, pair of Ease Chairs, and four smal:s, all made by cmith. £4 15s. Od. Very massive Solid Mahogany SIDE- BOARD, with large bevelled glass beck and shelves; original:y cost nearly £2O ; just been re-polished. Fitted ith drawers and cupboard, and all conveniences. £7 15s. Od., worth £2O. Very heavy DINING- ROOK 61:11sE, ID claret coloured Bather, s&id frames, and email chairs, padded backs, just been re-upholst,!red and re-polished. Call and inspect. E. 7 17s. 6d., cost when new £lB. Handsome SADDLE-BAG SUITE, solid frames, and beautifully uphols- ter, d Couch, pair of Ladies' and Gents' Easy chairs, and four email Chairs, all stuffed backs. Delivered free any distance.

£l4 149. Od., cost £3O. Grand Bargain in a Second-hand Solid Oak DINING-ROOM SUITE, by ]lade consisting of the Conch, two Easy Chairs, and six Standard Padded Back Single Chairs, upholstered in green Morocco leather, very little worn, in fact as good as new. £2 15s. Od. The massive DINING TABLE to match above suite, beautifully-carved legs,-well got up. Cost wheq new £9. £3 15s. Od. Well worth £2O. The very unique seciond-hand solid oak Sideboard, with lofty back, fitted with bevelled silvered plates, fitted with drawers, cupboards, cellerette, and all the modern conveniences. Worthy of attention. £5O Oi. Od. Very massive DINING-ROOM SUITE in real Morocco, upholstered with hair in solid walnut frames, large Conch. two Gentlemen's Easy Chairs and six Standard Chairs, with large stuffed backs, all castored ; 61t. American Walnut Sideboard to match, all silvered plates, bevelled drawers, cupboards, and shelves; very heavy 6ft. Dining Table with extending screw and loose leaves, the Coal Vase to match. The lot honestly worth £l5O. Delivered and packed free of charge. £1 5s Od. to £2O. Walnut, oak, mahogany and Cyprus DINING TABLES, in all sizes and makes, to suit everybody, in all sizes to snit every family, and at all prices to suit every pocket. Mind you, all Second-hand, at Second- hand Prices.

TIIIS WEEK'S BARGAINS IN DRAWING- ROOM FURNITURE.

£3 103. Od., originally cost 16 guineas. Elegant DRAWING-ROOM CABINET, in goad walnut, fitted, c4n2- plate with beantifully silvered bevelled plates. A noble article.

£si9. 6d., worth .£lO. Nice little DRAWING. ROOM SUITE, in Freize Velvet. Second-hand, and very little used; good size Couch. pair of Basy Chairs, and four small Chairs, v, ith padded backs, well upholstered. De- livered free.

.£8 lbs. Od.. cost when new 25 guineas. Beautiful finished DRAWING-ROOM SUITE, in solid walnut frames, upholsterel in rich brocade, velvet, old gold colour, all large pie.. very little soiled, brass castored. A bargain. .£lO iO. Od., worth £3O. Very handsome Chip- dendale DRAWING-ROOM SUITE, in expensive Genoa vel- vet, nicely carved frames and well finished. Consists of Settee, pair of Easy Chairs, and four Occasional Chairs, cheap. ▪ lbe. Od. Second - hand CHIPPENDALE CABINET, by Ogden. worth £25. Beautifully carved in bas relief, and all silvered plates bevelled; the underneath portion is fitted with glass-panelled doors and shelves, for the display of bric•a-brac. Also the CENTRE TABLE, to match, by the same maker, for 275. 6d., worth £3. XI is. Od. DRAWING-ROOM BRASS SET com- plete, comprising heavy Curb, pair of Fire Dogs, and Set of Fire Brasses, all to match. Honestly worth £2 2s. Od. Flt any hearth. £3O Os. Od. Very fine rosewood inlaid DRAWING. ROOM SUITE, upholstered in rich Genoa Velvet, with plush borders, all hair stuffed. Made by Oet man. The suite com- prises very fine double-sided Settee, elegantly upholstered, pair of luxurious Easy Chairs, tour small Chairs with very fine carved backs, an 1 two small Occasional Chairs with padd-d backs. Been in use ior this season only, and not a bit worse for wear.

£23 10s. Od. Second - hand rosewood inlaid DRAWING-ROOM CABIN.RT, 41t. 6in. wide, with large fancy back glass cupboards each side. Will match the above suhe. Octagon Centre Table to match for 305., cost 50e. The inlaid envelope Card Table, also to match for 4 guilt, as ; when new cost £lO. Ihe rosewood inlaid Over Mantel from the same house, for £3 3s. Od., cost £6 10s. Od. This is a very fine lot, and well worthy of attention. £3 19s. 6d. Complete set of FIRE BRASSES, to- gether with massive Curb, nicely chased, pair cf Dogs, and Stop. Will fit any orrlinary hearth. Well worth £lO. All are well /acquered on church brass.__

THIS WERk'S BARGAINS IN BEDROOM FURNITURE. Od. The Complete Seconfl-hand Lot of for Bedroom, consists of large size Dressint Table fitted with drawers ; Swing Glass; Washstand, fitted bottom board and drawers; two Cane Chairs and Towel Rail ; the lot cheap at £5. _ _

£5 ss. Od. Very Handsome Solid Walnut Pair of DUCHESSE STANDS. heavy carved legs, fitted with bevellcd-plate, and numerous jewel oirawers and boxes to Dr, ssing Table, and large marble slab to Washstand, just been re polished, and are equal to new • well worth £lO. £0 15s. Od., cost when new .£2.b. The handsomest Pair of TOILET TABLES in, Manchester. All Solid. Large bevelled silvered glass, all drawers and cupboards in both, real marble slab and tile back, and bevelled silvered glass in wmhstand ;all castond and brass handled.

£8 1.5;. OCi. Solid Satin Walnut BEDROOM SUITE, compLitlng large Wardrobe, with silver plate In door ; pair of enclosed Toilet Tables, with towel rail and pot cupbrard attached ; two Cane Chairs, 3 Uri, repolished and overhauled ; made by lierman, worth £25.

£l3 13s. Oct. The Second-hand SUITN at the price in Manchester. Large size Wardrobe, fitted with drawers and hatighag compartment, large bevelled plate in door ; pair or well-construet d Toilet Tables,with swing glass to both dressing table and washstand, marble slab and tile back, both on castors; Towel Rail and pedestal Cupboard attache. ; and three Cane Chairs Well worth 220, 1116 16s, Od. American walnut BSDROOR MUTH, bi Doveston.coroprising large War,irobe, with bevel- led silv-red plate in centre door, and large drawer below, led& f tted for bang;ngs. and beautifully lined in sateen.; pair of elegantly-constructed Toilet tables, both fitted with bevelled glass in t•acks. both fully castoreti. Towel Rail and pedestal Cui,board combined, and three Cane Chairs. A marvel of cheapness. Honestly worth £35. E 2.0 0;. Oct. Very line BEDROOM SUITE in Atn, rican and Italian walnut; all solid and no worse for wear, The Lill complemaint of pieces. Well finished ; worth £4O. _

£l7 O. Od., worth £45. Solid satin walnut BEDHOOM SUITR. same number 01 pieces as above Suite,. tut a bit smaller. Capital value„

..E9O Os. N. The entire CONTENTS of a beauti- fully FURNISHED REDROOM fit to adorn the house et % Duke. The lot consist of a Bedroom Suite that baffles description, made by Dill. of Glasgow. solid American walnut, with Italian walnut panes, largo silvered bevel plate in door of Wardrobe. the other doors fitted with transparent be\ clod plates, with plush behind, fitted with drawers, cup- boards, and nicely lined in sateen to match. The pair of hanisome Toilet tables with site mirror, large swing glass in centre both to dressing table and washstand, three upholstered Chairs, Towel Airer, and Bedside Pedestal, Very massive Parisian Bedstead in solid brass square pillars. upholstered in rich French tapestry and plush. The upholstered spring Mattress, hair Overlay. Bolster, and two 1 irge feather Pillows, large Carpet, and gilt Chimney Glass. The above was never bought under £250, cud is fully worth that amount.

S. 9d. to £25. The. FINEST SHOW OF BRASS AND MON ERDSIEADS IN LANCAF,IIIIIE, CHESHIRE, YORKSHIRE and STAFFORDSHIRE. All sizes from 3ft. to sft. 6d., in French, Parisian, Italian walnut and satin walnut; any price to suit you. You would dd well to call and inspect our Bedstead and Bedding Department. It will astonish you and give you some idea of what we are doing.

G-OLDSTONE AND SONS'

:11.4(;QND ITANI) FURNITURE.

£l5 worth £5O Compete House cot SECOND-HAND FLIHNITURB, consisting orparlour, kitchen, and two bed- rooms, everything comp

HOUSES COMPLETELY FURNISHED at a FRW HOURS NOI IOR. from £5 to £l,OOO. Coin petent men sent out all o7er the country to give estimate& and fit up. No charge to the purchaser. Give us a call ; we charge nothing for showing you over our vast establishment, and if you don't see anything that will tempt you, you will be more thou hard to please

RAILWAY FARE PAID TO COUNTRY CUSTOMERS.

NOTE OUR ONLY ADDRBSS THE 'NOTED IIOUSE FURNISHERS, jk 0 LDSTON AND ''‘ONS', 115, 117, 119, OXFORD-STRE ET, Immediately Opi.osite All Saints' Church, MANCHESTER, Old Trafford, Brooks' Bar, Palatine-road, and Oxford-street, Trams paasethe door. Fare Id. from Market-street.

MADE-UP DISHES

are a most important in the week's menu of ry household, are made Lost piquant and tasty by the addition of

OVRIL,

Which is the guaranteed product of IME OX BEEF and which imparts the ull flavour of Fresh Meat to even the most tasteles dish.

PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

BABIES should never put a gift horse in the

mouth. THERE is but one perfect man—her first hus- band. THERE is nothing one can get accustomed to quicker than luxury. "Is the medicine hard to take?" "No. Just as easy as the cold was." PHILOSOPHY is a first-rate thing to assuage some- body else's sorrow. IT is estimated that a woman has the last word and eighty-two per cent. of the preceding conver- sation. _ . . ...

To erect a monument to a man during his life- time would at least increase by one the number of

possible anonymous subscribeis. WITH most of us it is up to-day and down to- morrow, and the day after and many succeeding days. THIS is "the theory and practice of medicine." You look ill and try to tell the doctor what ails you. He looks wise and tries to give you a remedy JACK TOWNEY : "That's Miss Maskline—a 'New woman,' you know." Bob Ace: "Dash it all, I thought she looked a precious old one ! " SMITHERS : "Brown, you are a well-read man. What do you think is the greatest thing about this world?" Brown : "Well, to be accurate, Smithers, I think it's the circumference."

A SLIGHT DIFFERENCE. —Maud : "And Mr. Meanitall really said that I was better looking than ever ? " Marie (wickedly): "No, dear. He simply said you were looking better. COULDN'T HEAR HIMSELF. —Forrester : "Your dog has quit barking at night, it seems." Lancaster: " Yes ; he got discouraged, I suppose. We have twins at our house now you know." IN His VOCABULARY.—She (writing . a letter): "What is a synonym for artistic?" He: "Expensive." PROFESSOR VON BLITZEN (the conjurer): "One of my tricks is to draw an egg from the pocket of every man in the audience." Barnes Tomer (the actor, sadly): "That is one of mine, too." A DOUBLED BURDEN —" Henpeck more than shows his years." " Yes ; he has to carry part of his wife's. She still sticks to thirty." A MAN OF HIS WORD.—" Here, this horse is blind. Why did you tell me it's sight was good ? " "I didn't. I said it's sight was never better, and it's Gospel truth. The beast was born blind." "How little we know what is in store for us 1" murmured the cabbage as it hurried through the air. "A month ago I never dreamed of going on the stage. Tool( IT BACK. —Tom Singleton: "I hear you're engaged. Congratulate you, my boy." Benny Dictus "You didn't hear it quite right. I'm married." Tom Singleton: "Oh, excuse me, old man!"

"I CONCLUDE that's a fly," said the young trout. ‘‘ You are quite right, my dear," said the mother. "But you mustn't jump at conclusions. It is a fly, but I fear that man made it." BROSONHURST "1 wish you would tell me something about chickens. What kind of food do they like best? " Howson Lott: "Mine seem to prefer the flower seeds my wife sowed in the garden." ONE GOOD DEED.—Mrs. De Ruffle: "IF you ever did any good in this wide world, I'd like to know what it is." Mr. De Ruffle : "Well, for one - _thing, I saved you from dying an old

maid." - FOREMAN: "We need a few lines to block out a column." Rural Editor (wearily) : " Well, say The Prince of Wales has begun wearing old clothes, because they are more comfortable.' Perhaps it will start a fashion that you and I can follow." THE wayworn man had fallen in the street in a very good swoon. The usual crowd gathered, and the usual man- who. knows- what- to- do shouted: "Stand back and give him air 1 " The wayworu man got up. " Air " said he, with fine scorn. "Air! When I ain't had nothin' but air fort'ree days!" RAILWAY WAITING-ROOM. Station Master: 4 You shouldn't smoke, sir." Traveller: "Tit is what my friends say." Station Master : "But you mustn't smoke' sir." Traveller: "So my doctor tells me." Station Master: "But you shan't smoke, sir." Traveller: "Ah ! that is just what my wife tells me." VERY FLIGHTY.—" I'm dreadfully afraid that Coasin Jasper's wife is an awful gadabout," said Mrs. 2-assafras to her husband, after a visit to her wealthy 'datives in the city. "Why, mother ? " "Well, she hae her name printed on cards, and in the corner it says Tuesdays.' I asked her what it meant, and she said that was her day at home. Think of it, Abner! Only home one day in the week!" WOOED AN' MARRIED AND A'.—Mr. Ga.dd : "Oh, have you heard the news? Miss De Ledger and her father's bookkeeper were secretly married six months ago." Mrs. Gabb : "Deane me! How did it leak out ? " Mrs. Gadd : "Someone over- heard them quarrelling." "I SUPPOSE you want the lady's name engraved inside, sir ? " said the jeweller, after Tillinghast had selected an engagement ring. "Oh, no, re- plied the careful young man. "Just put inside To my heart's own treasure,' or The star of my life,'" THE SUM TOTAL. —" How much is seven and nine ? " asked the teacher. " Dunno," said the boy at the foot of the class. "Well, suppose I say that your father and your uncle went fishing on Saturday "—"They didn't go fishin'," "Well, just suppose that they did, andyour father brought home seven fish, and your uncle nine more—what would that be?" "It'd be are awful 'surprise to !" said he, with an appreciative grin. THE MASS MEETING.—Orator: "My friends' the time is coming when we shall own the railroads" -- Everybody: " Hooray 1" "We will own the mills and the mines, there will be no more poverty, there will no plutocrats " "Hip ! Hip! Hi 1 Hi !" "No, my friends, there will be no more soft-handed plutocrats "-- "Good!" "For every man wilt have to work three hours a day." "Put him out Knock the traitor on the head! Lynch him Lynch him 1" IN DOUBT.—In Maine, a number of Years ago, lived a couple—the wife a good woman, but nbt very brilliant in intellect. The husband had been very intemperate, but had reformed, although at times his appearance suggested that the reforma- tion was not a complete one. One day the worthy woman called upon a neighbour, and during the conversation anxiously asked her "If she could tell her how long the odour of liquor remained after a man left off drinking! for her husband signed the pledge two years before, and his breath still smelled of honor!"

ic-::0'. Wh itei ~/ - _ • • ~.., -.--..- . evt al. • ' !.• . ' /I' ' ''. .. in • 1, ~ )' ." • .... , . \ B 141; _ow , ii , - . • fsl l:lJi : --- -:'-' 4 ' I:. =.:-.!:''' • -V-1-2Z,0 )1. if,,, -7.1.. •., •.,•,5t ,‘ ~ ', ,j, ~ \ ......,,,,, c , . :,.: .4.:: .. / , ..• . -.... , PR *4 . i i-likotA ..:',..c4, , • i /.:11/ lit,. ,i, '1! , , • LI • 4 1'....., l'S.. '''.-•" -''. i; 1 , ..il ' .. Illi I ,If liti ', ' -1..„ ,I,l' . , , ;1 ,! !, !, l 1 Zit,t):)!: - -:- .1 I I,' I ' l• .‘,....' .k; , .. - - • t., , 1 .1 '•I1- . I il 'll i.i:li- l'''' .-r-t- - - --- ' ' il

===== 0002601_18960111_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
CAPITA.L"

Mr. Pulitzer, the proprietor of the "New York World," who has so greatly distinguished himself by advocating peace in the teeth of the general agitation against England, is a frequent visitor to London. For years he has invariably employed some Englishman of good birth as his companion and private secretary. Mr. Pulitzer is a remark- able man, and as a journalist scarcely has his equal. Some years ag ), before the last nomination for the Presidency of the United States toe& place, he was at Nice. Probably all his correspondents at home, it is said, were hostile to the nomination of Mr. Cleveland. Mr. Pulitzer is almost blind, and has, therefore, to rely considerably upon others for in- formation. Notwithstanding this, and notwith- standing that his own city and State had declared against the nomination of the present President,he at once telegraphed to the editor ordering that the "New York World " should support the nomination of Mr. Cleveland. The " Wcrld " was the cnly paper on the Democratic side which did so ; but events proved how correct was the judgment of Mr. Pulitzer, for his candidate was elected.

Since the successful ;inauguration of the Man- chester Ship Canal the interest of the engineering world has been largely fixed upon another great enterprise which is now approaching completion. Manchester engineers had to solve the problem of carrying their sea traffic overland. The London engineers have been engaged on the almost equally difficult problem how to carry their land traffic under water. The Blackwell Tunnel under the Thames below Greenwich is the result, and on Saturday Mr. A. R. Binnie, the chief engineer of the London County Council, celebrated the suc3ess- ful accomplishment of the more exceptional part of the work by entertaining a large party of en- gineers and other experts below the bed of the river. Tunnelling is of course now a simple matter, but the unique features of this scheme are that the tunnel has been made through loose and shifting gravel, full of water, within a few feet of the actual river,and practically, 80 far as the difficulties to be overcome were concerned, almost through the water itself.. The task of removing the gravel and building the tunnel has only been accomplished by working in compressed air under pressure equal to that of the water outside. This has involved con- siderable danger and the invention of many novel engineering devices, and the successful construc- tion ot that part of the tunnel which is under the river without any hitch or disaster, is a great triumph for all concerned. The great steel cham- ber or " shield," weighing 250 tons, in which the work has been done has now been forced right under the river from side to sipe, leaving a megni- ficently constructed roadway and footpaths 22ft. wide behind it. It is now under the wharves of the northern bank, and will very shortly emerge in the deep cutting which has already been made as an approach to the tunnel when completed.

There can be no doubt that to the man in the street, Mr. Chamberlain has been the hero of the hour through the Transvaal crisis. In all circles on Sunday his action came in for nothing but eulogy. There was never any strong sympathy with Dr. Jameson's action, but on Saturday and Sunday even the slight feeling for him,based purely on personal considerations, had practically dis- appeared now that the extreme gravity of his action had become clear. What particularly elicited admiration was the story of Mr. Chamberlain's "three o'clock in the morning courage "—namely, his visit to the office of the EasternTelegragh Com- pany in order to examine into the causes of the stoppage of telegrams. Though he had been in ill- health during a considerall) period of the crisis, and though his work has been practically continii- ous day and night, he turned up at the Colonial Office on the morning of his lonely journey to the City cool, clear, and collected, without the appear- ance,of having turned a hair.

President Kruger's reply to the German Emperor and the tone adopted towards the Kaiser's tekgram by foreign Powers are doing much to temper the anger of the British public at the Emperor's insult. It may or may not be true that the Queen has made no secret of the distress her grandson's impetuosity has caused her, but there are ominous mutterings among Englishmen that this ungracious foe is an admiral of the British Navy and colonel of one of nur crack cavalry regiments—the Ist Royal Dragoons. Perhaps it is well that Parliament is not sitting, for reference to such things would surely leak out, together with renewed observations on the Duke of Coburg's position as owning fealty to the Emperor. The German Ambassador sought an interview with Lord Salisbury on Monday, but the Premier was at Hatfield.

It becomes increasingly apparent that the Govern- ment authorities in .Ottawa, intend to go in for a strong policy of defence, and that this policy will probably be endorsed by their successors after this year's general elections. According to a COMMIIni • ciation which has been received from a high official in Ottawa, not only is the militia to be greatly strengthened both as regards numbers and areas, but a big plan is aso projected in the way of a line of defences connected by railways right acr)ss the continent. entiferences on the latter subject will shortly be held in London. The question of the fast mail service will also be thoroughly discussed in time, it is hoped, for something definite to be done by the Imperial Government during the forthcona- ing session.

Lord Salisbury is quite well Aware. of the im- mense amount of dissatisfaecion which prevails among a large section or the Conservatives—the older school of them, who were born into, and in- herited all tho traditions of the policy of the Crimean War—at his policy of coercing the Sultan. Tl_has,hirnself, had to undergo a considerable amount of evolution to arrive at the stage to which, diplomatically, he has recently attained ; but the older members of his party, who are not the victims of diplomatic necessity, and he is, re- tain the crust of their Toryism perfectly unbroken. They detest the persistency and energy of Canon M'Coll in the crusade which he carries on against Turkey, and in the Tory clubs the canon does not receive many blessings. The massacres and atroci- ties committed on the Armenia population shock and horrify a Liberal ; hut the old dread of Russia and the old fetish of Con,tantinople are still such strong elements in their political creed that they hold that anything which weakens the Ottoman F.mpire is simply playing into the hand q of the Northern Power. Of course, they are too loyal to their party flag to remonstrate to the Government, but not a few of them rejoice that events elsewhere have released Lord Salisbury from the pressure which had carried him and his policy far beyond the traditional limits.

An exhibition meagre in extent and of choice quality in only a few classes was opened on Tues- day at the Crystal Palace,under the auspices of the National Peristeronic Society. About 400 birds were staged. Only 30 members of the Society had contributed. This is a pity, because tbe Society.now about 35 years old, has in times pas?, done much to improve the breed of pigeons, and has In many in- starves given the lead to " the ;fancy." Unless the members are prepared to make a better show ano- ther year the event had better be taken out of the calendar. The annual exhibiticn is not competi- tive, and consequently no prizes are given. The best birds shown on Tuesday wßre jleobins,dragons, magpies, and orientals. Several ot these had taken prizes elsewhere, and were vary fine specimens. Other varieties once so much fancied appeared to , be falling off in point of quality.

It was once widely expected that the New Year would bring the announcement of Sir Julian Gold- smid's elevation to the peerage. Instead, we have news that the illness which is supposed to have led him to decline the contemplated honour has had a fatal ending. There were few,/ men in the House of Commons more highly trusted than Sir Julian. Be was the embodiment of intlxibla honour, and, although somewhat peremptory when discharging the duties of Deputy-Chairman of Committee, in which he greatly delighted, his fairness was never questioned, while his rapid grasp of the business afGot was often admired. He was a serious loss to the Liberals when, at the great parting of the ways in 1886, he cast in his lot with the Unionists, and he is no less a loss to the Unionists now. Sir Julian was one of the most enthusiastic chess- players in the Flouse of Commons. I remember on one occasion seeing him enjoying a game in the smoking-room with an bon. member he had only half an hour before threatered to name to the lieuse. He was personally very genial, but for years he had been a constant sufferer from gout and kindred ailments.

DON'T BR DECEIVED.—Dot think the Lair can bellore- served without proper nonrishtnent ; all hair sigeciali-1 s positively assert that pure t rease is absolutely nenessary for the preservation of the hair and ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OIL is without doubt, the best. It nourisl'es the hair, pre- vents it fal'ing off or turning grey eradi ate 3 scurf, and arrests baldness. Also in a golden colour for fair hair. Bottles 3s. 6,-1.. 75.. 10s 6d. RoWLAND'S MACASSAR On..—Preserves the hair. RUPTURES.—REYNOLDS' Patent Imperceptible RowLAND'S MACASSAR OlL—Prevents baldness. Indiarubber Stem Pad TRUSS. Suitable in all cases. ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OlL.—Prevents scurf. Perfect Fit Ensured. Write or call for particulars.— RowLesp's Mecessea OM—Beautifies the hair. REYNOLDS, 10, Slater-treet (a few doars off Bold-street), Ask anywhere for RowLAND's MACASSAR OIL, of 20, Hatton Liverpool. Open on Saturday until? p.m.—Advt. garden and avoid eheap, worthless imitations.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY eTANITARX 11. 1896

===== 0002601_18960111_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER

Mt DEARTST NELLIE,

You want some hints, of course, about ball. dresses. It seems to me they are particularly light and graceful this winter, and the prettiest I have seen were also the simplest. A most effective design is one which has the skirt and bodice of pale green satin, veiled with fine white net, this having a ruche of the same at the hem, and a narrow band of silver and pearl galon at the knee. The square neck had a garniture of pink roses, and the sleeves were of rose-leaf petal satin, with straps of the galon. Ten yards of green satin, six of double width net, and two and a-half of pink satin will be sufficient. Of course, if a very cheap dress is required, the foundation may be of a good sateen, but really when nice satin is obtainable for is. na. the yard, it cannot be termed expensive. In either ease the skirt should be lined with white linenette. The net overskirt is quite loose from this slip, or, rather, it is attached at the waist only. The same design looks well also with black net, and this is especially suitable for Cinderellas, as it can be worn over different-coloured foundations, and

trimmed with different ribbons from time. Another pretty gown is entirely made of silver-grey tulle over white satin, with white ostrich plumes on the shoulders and white satin bows and ceintures. A smart and attractive coat is made of seal brown plush, trimmed with handsome silk orna- ments, and lined throughout with quilted satin to match. The fronts are cut in one with the first sidepiece, and are fitted to the figure by a single bust dart each side. The second sidepiece and back are well shaped to set out in full flutes to the lower edge. It fastens in the centre of front in- visibly with hooks, being trimmed each side from the shoulder with silk cord ornaments, which terminate just below the bust. The neck is com- pleted with a collar-band and turn-down collar of double plush, interlined with buckram. The bishop sleeves are lined throughout and gathered between the upper edge of wristband, and the ful- ness at the top is gathered into the armhole. Velveteen, too, plays a large part in fashionable coats. A very rich-looking velveteen coat was worn the other day at a reception after a wedding by a lady who had been unable to venture out of the house in a dominating colour. The revers, cuffs, and pockets were of chestnut brown velvet,

and down the centre of the front there was a box pleat of brown satin to match, and a jabot of tea- tinted lace. The two buttons at the waist were curious old miniatures, and those on the pockets and down the front were moth.n antiques, but harmonised extremely well. A useful gift for this time of the year is a travel- ling set, consisting of glove, handkerchief, and night-dress cases, a soiled linen bag, and a trunk cover, all to match. Orange linen, worked with a very large single initial in black flax thread, looks uncommon, but blue or apricot linen, embroidered in white, is perhaps prettier, and washes better. There shoula be no wadding in either glove or handker.nief case, on account of the space it occupies, and the night-dress sachet should be of the modern large shape, with a big square flap. The trunk cover alluded to is merely a square of linen used to tuck over the contents of a travelling trunk. All the cases, by the way, should be nicely perfumed by sprinkling a pinch or so of sachet powder beneath the lining. Instead of embroidery in flax or silk an appliqué of linen in a contrasting colour to the ground is a pretty way of ornament- ing handkerchief and glove sachets, &c., and a simple design, such as stars or detached leaves, looks well if neatly cut out and carefully sewn on, the stitches being concealed by feather-stitching, herring-boning, or narrow washing braid. Muffs are still of all materials, as you know. Furs are very popular, as they have always been,

but one of the smartest materials is black plush. I saw one quite recently in this material, and it was trimmed with feather tips and satin ribbon. In arranging table decorations there is nothing so appropriate to Vie time of year, of course, as holly. Owing to its stiff and prickly nature, it is most difficult to arrange, but the result is good, when carried out properly. For example, a ball of holly, as a centre-piece, in the middle a bit of mistletoe, and on this a small Cupid with glittering wings; up one side of the holly ball runs a ladder of scarlet berries, and on the top of the ladder and half way up are two more Cupids. Sprays of holly are on the cloth—these to be judiciously sprinkled with frost. A green or crimson plush centre cloth, bordered with holy, gives a warm and cheerful appearance. Little bowls of holly dispersed over the table, with a small Cupid on a branch in each bowl, adds to the general bright effect. For a supper table at a Christmas party "Father Christ. mas ' should be the centre-piece. He can stand on a snow bank, which would extend nearly the length of the table. Dishes of fruits, cakes, and crackers, decorated, and arranged with holly and flags, well frosted; long sprays of holly from the bank, and at each end of the table sprays of green foliage, tied with large bows of bright ribbon, with a small bunch of holly in each bow. Your loving JENNIZ.

The Czar of Russia owns the larLiest Liticled estate in the world. It is about hundred million acres in t xtent.

CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS. % • iall Pill. BEAUTIFUL TEETH lali Dose, for all who use daily on the tooth 'mai, pr,,e, brush a few drops of ty in ri. SOZODONT, 'the pleasantest dentifrice in th• LyVege-1 world. -ble• 1 Cleanses the teeth-and spaces Cure _ _ ...lver, Bile, between them as nothing else' Sallow Complexion, and will. Sound and pearly white 1 Sick Headaches promptly :i teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant and cure them so as to stay breath ensured. *urea. Chemists. is. lid. Ask for 80ZODO11T.*ea "

sl' ' : • ~,, , 'l4 -, • :P!* '' :::->)"---, ' ---• iik " '''' . • r-,,,, 't- -,. VI,. _,-- . .1: >2 • , \'Y,l;. ..../:1' ' e 1 '''P .1.. Z.:' t i, , + . 6, ~ii..c.L. .5 c e-. 1.4' - i .; .

a62u:re' A 4,,40€4:111hLA-RTER .S 8 it ITTLE FortsIVER ? ta. Torpid L.?

~-.--, lik?-io 1-77 k . tr:!;‘ ,ig-.(,„ , 9--')- , , \ft,, po 1 , .... : W,l 1 . Ili iil, i, 41 (1% \\,;t:: It I . l' \ il II i , i . •\ , N

....„ ...:. # 0, \ ~, ~,(. ---.-,,,- VI, • Art , ,f,, 6

===== 0002601_18960111_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
Sir Robert Ball thinks the time is approaching when posterity will be able to construct machinery that will be worked by means of glasses, with beat obtained by the direct action of the sun's rays. A window tax was introduced by William 111. in 1695, iecreased by the Georges and repealed in 1851. Rouses of eight windows weretaxed 16s. : of ten, £1 Bs. ; of 100, £29 Bs. Were it not for the 'multitude of storks that throng to Ezy pt every winter there would be no living in the country, for after every inundation frogs appear in most incredible numbers. The blood flows almost as freely through the bones as through the flesh of very young children, but as the age comes on the blood vessel in the bones are almest filled by the deposition of matter. Several cities of ancient Greece levied a tax on bachelors over 20 years old, to compel them to marry. The tax was so large that matrimony was cheaper by comparison. The use of forks at a meal was known among us some centuries ago, but the custom was for long looked upon as foppish, and did not become widespread until the end of the last and beginning of the present century. The German Emperor and Empress are very generous to their dependents—so generous, indeed, to their chil- dren's English nurse that she sometimes complains that the beautiful dresses and jewellery they bestow upon her are too gorgeous for her ever to wear. The Princess of Wales has, it is said, recently sent a special and highly-prized token of her esteem to Sir Frederic Leighton, the recipient of one of the new Year's honours. The gift is an arm-chair covered with art needlework, wrought entirely by the Princess's own hand. Is is well known that sugar and alcohol can be extracted from wood. But it appears that better results may be squeezed out of peat. A certain chemist has found that by judicious treatment one thousand pounds of peat can be made to yield as much alcohol as can be obtained from five hundred pounds of potatoes. The peach is said to have been originally a poisonous almond. Its fruity parts were used to poison arrows, and for that purpose were introduced into Persia. Transplantation has not only removed its poisonous qualities, but turned it into the delicious fruit we now enjoy. "'I he great fault with home-made millinery," eaid a woman who had learned the business, "is that the amateur puts in too many stitches. Why, I often merely pin the trimming on my bat and wear it that way for weeks." The same caution applies to fancy work. Take long stitches on the underside, and do not fasten bows too tightly.

Quito the Most Ghastly Brooch I know of, says a jeweller, "is made of an eye—and a human eye at that. It—the pm. I mean—belongs to a London lady, and the eye which forms the centre of the brooch was removed a year ago. Her husband, who lost it on account of an accident while shooting, jokes about it in the most unconcerned fashion, but to many it is a most unpleasant sight. It is slightly outre if nothing more.

Royalty and Marriage. Apropos of Princess Maud' s marriage, it has been noticed that the Royal Princesses have nearly all married at an earlier age than their brothers. The Princess Royal was only eighteen, the Princess Alice nineteen,and the Princess Helena twenty at the time of their marriage. The Princess Louise was twenty-three, and the Princess Beatrice twenty-eight, which gives an average for the five of about twenty-two. When the Princess Louise of Wales was twenty-two she married the Duke of File,and Prince; Maud is now not quite twenty-six. On the other hand, the average age of the Queen's sons on their marriage was between twenty seven and twenty-eight. The Prince of Wales was in his twenty-second year, but his three brothers were twenty-nine or more before they became Benedicts, and the Duke of York was twenty-eight.

Paying, But Monotonous. It must be a somewhat monotonous way for a girl to earn her living by exhibiting her long hair as an ad- vertisement. According to an interview in " Woman's Life," they may not turn their faces half round uhder any circumstances, which is a hard thing to do in the face of the frank and free criticisms they have to listen ti, and which is ale-) the chief thing that makes the occupation distasteful. The most disparaging remarks come from women ; the most galling ones from men. The latter make all sorts of practical jokes to make the girls turn their heads. A well-known clubman and army officer lately opened the door suddenly whilst his man threw a couple of mice amongst the girls. His credit as a gentleman was kept up by giving each girl a present to atrne for the fright. The compensating advantages are ti at tie pay is good, and that there are few who have sufficiently luxuriant hair to act as an advertise ment. Another fact is that the greater number of those employed from time to time have been young married women, and most of the girls who were not have found lovers actually as a consequence of their employment, and have married very well indeed in some cases. It is one of the difficulties of the management to keep girls, so readily do they find husbands.

The Late Supper. The old tradition that to eat anything; just before go- ing to bed was sure to produce indigestion and render sleep impossible, is now happily exploded. It is not good as a matter of fact, to go to the bed with the stomach so loaded that the undigested food will render one restles s but something of a light,palatable nature in the stormich is one of the best aids to quietude and rest. The process of digestion goes on in sleep with as much regularity as when one is taking violont exercise to aid it, and some- thing iR the stomach is a very desirable condition for a night's rest. Indeed, is has recently been pointed out, that a good deal of the prevalent insomnia is the result of an unconscious craving of the stomach for food in persons who have been unduly frightened by the opinion that they must not eat before going to bed, or who have like many nervous women, been keeping themselves in state of semi-starvation. Nothing is more agreeable on retiring for the night than to take a bowl of hot broth, or oatmeal gruel, or chocolate. It is a positive aid to nervous people, and induces peaceful slumber. This is especially the case on cold winter nights, when the stomach craves warmth as much as any other part of the body. Even a glass of hot milk is grateful to the palate on such occasions, but a light, well cooked gruel is better, and in our climate, during the cold months of winter, it should be the retiring food.

THE StreuESS

Of Hood's Sarsaparilla has never been equalled by any other preparation. It has steadily advanced in sales and cures until it is now one of the most popular medicines in Great Britain. The success has been won by its positive merit and by the fact that it is a

TRUE BLOOD PURIFIER.

In order to have good health we must have pure blood, and it is because Flood's Sarsaparilla purifies and enriches the blood that it cures so many forms of disease. Many people who have suffered with

SCROFULA, SALT RHEUM,

rheumatism, dyspepsia, neuralgia, catarrh and debility, have long, since learned the uselessness of treating these troubles with superficial remedies. The true way is to remove the disease by driving from the blovl all the impurities that are lodged there, and giving richness and vitillity to this vita fluid.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
pERFECTLY CURED.

Blood Purifier and Rheumatism Routed by Hood's Sarsaparilla. " Having suffered ter the last six months with im- pure blood, I had tried everything u to the time I sent for a bottle of Hood's Sarsaparilla, and had been treated by a doctor, but found little or no re- lief. I was covered with large red spots all over my body, in fact, I was covered horn head to foot. By the time I had half emptied the bottle

I WAS MUCH BETTER,

and before I had finished one bottle, lost all the spots. At the same time I was suffering very much from rheumatism, and I am very pleased to say that lam cured from that also. I have a good ap- petite and can sleep well. I speak from experience, and I think that Hood's Sarsaparilla is the best medicine in the world." Jost.; H. Bnows, 11, Angel-road, Edmonton.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
HOOP'S SARSAPARILLA

Is the one true blood purifier. Ssld by chemists. Sent post paid Zs. 9d. and 4s. Gd. by C. I. Flood & Co., 34, Snow Hill, London, E.C. HOOD'S PILLS are specially prepared to be taken

with Hood's Sarmaparille. is. lid. (No. 3

A ballot has been taken by the Durham miners to de cide whether they shall continue to send representative to the Conciliation Board for the county. The resul announced on .Tuesday,shows that out of 45,000 minor only about 15,000 wiih the Conciliation Board to con tinue. The officials of the men will consequently give notice to the other members of the Board that the men intend to withdraw from it.

To MOTHERS.—Mrs. Win slows Soothing Syrup has been used over fifty years by millions of mothers for theirchildren while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; It produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and tle little cherub awakes "as bright as albutton." Of all chemists, is. lid. per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HIDDEN HAND;

CAPITOLA THE MADCAP. BY lis. E. D. E. N. SOUTHWORT H.

CHAPTER XVIII. THE D,WTOR'S DAUGHTER. " Oh, b Alle, it seemed half holy, As if drawn from thoughts more far, Than our common jestings are. And if any painter drew her, He would paint her unaware With a halo sound her hair:"

—E. B. BROWNING. On the appointed day, Traverse took his way to Willow Heights, to keep his tryst and enter upon the medical studies in the good doctor's office. He was anxious also to know if his patron had as yet thought of any plan by which his mother might better her condition. He was met at the door by little Mattie, the parlour maid, who told him to walk right up stairs into the study, where his master was expecting him. Traverse went up quietly and opened the door of that pleasant study-room, to which the reader has already been introduced, and the windows of which opened upon the upper front piazza. Now, however, as it was quite cold, the windows were down, though the blinds were open, and through them streamed the golden rays of the morning sun that fell glistening upon the fairy hair and white raiment of a young girl, who sat reading before the fire. The doctor was not in the room, and Traverse in his native modesty was just about to retreat, when the young creature looked up from her book, and seeing him, arose with a smile, and came forward. saying: "You are the young man whom any father was expecting, I presume. Sit down, he has stepped out, but will be in again very soon." Now, Traverse being unaccustomed to the society of young ladies, felt excessively bashful when suddenly coming into the presence of this refined and lovely girl. With a low bow and a deep blush he took the chair she placed for him. With natural politeness, she closed her book and addressed herself to entertaining him. "I have heard that your mother is an Invalid; I hope she is better ? " "I thank you—yes, ma'am— Miss," stammered Traverse, in painful embarrassment. Understanding the timidity of the bashful boy, and seeing that her efforts to entertain only troubled him, she placed the newspapers on the table before him, saying: "Here are the morning journals if you would like to looking over them, Mr. Rocke," and then she resumed her book. " I thank you, Miss," replied the youth, taking up a paper, more for the purpose of covering his embarrassment, than for any other. Mr. Rocke 1 Traverse was seventeen years of age, and had never been called Mr. Rocke before! This young girl was the very first to compliment him with the manly title, and he felt a boyish gratitude to her and a harmless wish that his well-brushed Sunday suit of black was not quite so rusty and threadbare, tempered by an innocent exultation in the thought that no gentleman in the land could exhibit fresher linee, brighter shoes or cleaner hands than himself. But not many seconds were spent in such egotism. He stole a glance at his lovely com- panion sitting on the opposite side of the fire-side —he was glad to see that she was already deeply engaged in reading, for it enabled him to observe her, without embarrassment or offence. He had scarcely dared to look at her before, and had no distinct idea of her beauty. There had been for him only a vague, dazzling vision of a golden-haired girl in floating white raiment, waf tin the fragrance of violets as she moved, and with a vo.ce sweeter than the notes of the cushat dove as she spoke. Now he saw that the golden hair flowed in ring- lets around a fair, roseate face, soft and bright with feeling and intelli;ence. As her dark blue eyes followed the pige, a smile intense with mean:ng deepened the expression of her countenaece. That intense smile I—it was like her father's, only lovelier —more heavenly. That intense smile 1 It had, even on the old doctor's face, an inexpressible charm for Traverse—but on the lovely young face of his daughter it exercised an ineffable fascination. So earnest and so unconscious became the gaze of poor Traverse that he was only brought to a sense of propriety by the opening of the door, and the entrance of the doctor, 3 exclaimed: " Ah 1 here already, Traverse I that is punctual ! This is my daughter Clara, Traverse! Clara, this is Traverse, you've heard me speak about I—But, I dare say, you've already become acquainted," con- cluded the doctor, drawing his chair up to the read- ing-table, sitting down and folding his dressing- gown around his limbs. "Well, Traverse, how is the little mother 7" he presently inquired. "I was just telling Miss Day that she was much better, sir," said Traverse. " Ab, ha ah, ha 1" muttered the doctor to himself —" that's kitchen physic—roast turkey and port wine; and moral medicine, hope I—and mental medicine, sympathy." "Well, Traverse," he said aloud, "I have been racking my brain for a plan for your mother—and to no purpo::e I Traverse, your mother should be in a home of peace, plenty and cheerfulness 1— I can speak before my little Clara here I never have have any sect ets from her—Your mother wants good living, cheerful company, and freedom from toil and care! The situation of gentleman's or lady's house- keeper in some home of abundance, where she would be esteemed as a member of the family would suit her; but where to find such a place 1 I have been inquiring, without mentioning her name, of course —among all roy friends, but not one of them wants a houbekeeper, or knows a soul who does want one, and so I am at sea on the subject.' I'm ashamed of myself for not succeeding better 1" "Oh, sir, do not do yourself so great injustice," said Traverse. "Well, the fact is after boasting BO confidently that I would find a good situation for Mrs. ltocke, lo and behold I have proved myself as yet only a boaster! "Father," said Clara, turning upon him her sweet eyes. "Well, my love 7" "Perhaps Mrs. Backe would do us the favour to co me here and take charge of our household." "Eli I what! I never thought of that! I never had a housekeeper in my life ? " exclaimed the doctor. "No, sir, because you never needed one before, but now we really do. Aunt Mogey has been a very faithful and efficient manager, although she is a coloured woman; but she is getting very old." "Yes, and deaf, and blind, and careless! I know she is! I have no doubt in the world she scours the coppers with the table napkins, and washes her face and hands in the soup tureen." " father l'' said Clara. "Well, Clara, at least she wants looking after." "Father, she wants rest in her sld age." "No doubt of it! no doubt of it 1" " And, father, I intend, of course, in time, to be Jour housekeeper; but having spent all my life at a boarding-sohool, I know very little about domestic affairs, and I require a great deal of instruction; so I really do think that there is no one needs Mrs. Rocke's assistance more than we do, and if she will do us the favour to come, we cannot do better than engage her." "To be sure to be sure I Lord bless my soul! to think it should never have entered my stupid old head, until it was put there by Clare! Here was I searching blindly all over the country for a situation for Mrs. Rocke, and wanting her all the time more than any one else! That's the way, Traverse, that's the way with us all, my boy! While we are looking away off yonder for the solution of our difficulties, the remedy is all the time lying just under our noses 1" "But so close to our eyes, father, that we cannot see it! said Clara. "Jest so, Clare I just so! You are always ahead of me in ideas! Now, Traverse, when you go home this evening you shall take a note to your mother, setting forth our wishes—mine and Clara's ; if she accedes to them she will make us very happy." With a great deal of manly strength of mind Traverse had all his mother's tenderness of heart. It was with difficulty that he could keep back his tears or control his voice, while he answered: "I remember reading, sir, that the young queen of England when she came to her throne wished to provide handsomely for an orphan companion of her childhood; and seeing that no office in her house- hold suited the young person, she created one for her benefit. Sir, I believe you have made one for my mother." "Not at all! not at all If she doesn't come to look after our housekeeping, old Mog,gy will be greasing our griddles with tallow candle ends next! If you don't believe ma, ask Clara! ask Clara I" Not "believe" him If the doctor had affirmed that the moon was made of mouldy cheese, Traverse would have deemed it his duty to stoutly maintain that astronomical tl—ory._ He felt hurt that the

doctor should use such a phrase. "Yes, indeed, we really do need her, Traverse," said the doetcr's daughter. "Traverse I" It had made him proud to hear her call him, for the first time in his life, "Mr. Rocke," but it made him deeply happy to hear her call him "Traverse." It had such a sisterly sound coming from this sweet creature. How he wished that she really were his sister but then the idea of that fair, golden-haired, blue-eyed, white-robed angel being the sister of such a robust, rugged, sun-burned boy as himself! The thought was so absurd, extravagant, impossible, that the poor boy heaved an unconscious sigh. " Why, what's the matter, Traverse? What are you thinking of so intently ?" "Of your great goodness, sir, among other things." "Tut! let's hear no more of that. I please my- self," said the doctor • "and now, Traverse, let's go to work decently and in Order; but first let me settle this point: if your good little mother determines in our favour, Traverse, then of course you will live with us also, so I shall have my young medical assistant at hand. That will be very con- venient; and then we shall have no more long, lonesome evenings, Clara, shall we, dear? And now, Travene, I will mark out your course of study, and set you to work at once" "Shall leave the room, father 2" inquired Clara. "No, no, my dear; certainly not. I have not had you home so long as to get tired of the eight of you yet. No, Clare, no; you are not in our way—is she, Traverse ?" "Oh, sir, the idea—" stammered Traverse, blush- ing deeply to be so appealed to. In his way I why a pang had shot through his bosom at the very mention of her going. "Very well, then; here, Traverse—here are your books; you are to begin with this one; keep this Medical Dictionary at hand for reference. Bless me! it will bring back my own student days to go over the ground with you, my boy." Clara took her work-box and sat down to stitch a pair of dainty wristbands for her father's shirts. The doctor took up the morning papers. Traverse opened his book and commencd his readings. It was a quiet but by no means a dull circle. Occasionally Clara and her father ex- changed words, and once in a while the doctor looked over his pupil's shoulder, or gave him a direction. Traverse studied con amore and with intelligent appreciation. The presence of the doctor's lovely daughter, far from disturbing him, calmed and steadied his soul into a state of infinite content. If the presence of the beautiful girl was ever to become an agitating element, the hour had not yet come. So passed the time until the dinner-hell rang. By the express stipulation of the doctor himself, It was arranged that Traverse should always dine with his family. After dinner an hour, which the doctor called a digestive hour, was spent in loitering about, and then vie studies weee resumed. At six o'clock in the evening Traverse took leave of the doctor and his fair daughter and started for home. "Be sure to persuade your mother to come, Traverse," said Clara. "She will not need persuasion; she will be only too glad to come, Miss,' said Traverse, with a deep bow, turning and hurrying away towards home. With "winged feet" he ran down the wooded hill and got into the highway and hastenened on with such speed that in half an hour he reached his mother's little cottage. He was all agog with joy and eagerness to tell her the good news.

CHAPTER XIX.

rHE RESIGNED SOUL. "This day be bread and peace my lot; All else beneath the sun Thou knowest if best bestowed or no'

And let thy will be done."

-POPE.

Poor Marah Rocke had schooled her soul to resignation; had taught herself just to do the duty of each day as it came, and leave the future— where indeed it must always remain—in the hands of God. Since the doctor's delicate and judicious kindness had cherished her life, some little health and cheerfulness had returned to her. Upon this particular evening of the day upon which Trav:Tse entered upon his medical studies, she felt ..,cry hopeful. The little cottage fire burned brightly; the hearth was swept clean; the tea-kettle was singing over the blaze; the tiny tea-table, with its two cups and sausars, and two plates and knives, was set; everything was neat, comfortable and cheerful for Traverse's return. Marah sat in her little low chair, putting the finishing touches to a set of flue shirts.

She was not anxiously looking for her son; for he had told her that he should stay at the doctor's until six o'clock; therefore she did not expect him until seven. But so fast had Traverse walked that just as the minute hand pointed to half-past six, the latch was raised and Traverse ran in—his face flushed with joy. The first thing he did was to run to his mother, fling his arms around her neck, and kiss her. Then be threw himself into his chair to take breath. "Now, then, what's the matter, Traverse You ook as if somebody had left you a fortune." "And so they have, or as good as done so I" ex- claimed Traverse, panting for breath. "What in the world do you mean?" exclaimed Marah, her thoughts naturally flying to Old Huai- cane, and suggested his possible repentance or re- lenting. "Read that, mother, read that 1" said Traverse, eagerly putting a note in her hand. She opened it, and read: WILLOW HEIGHTS—Monday.

DEAR MADAM :—My little daughter Clara, four- teen years of age, has just returned from boarding- school to pursue her studies at home. Among other things, she must learn domestic affairs, of which she knows nothing. If you will accept the position of housekeeper and matronly companion of my daughter, I will make the terms such as shall reconcile you to the change. We shall also do all that we can to make you happy. Traverse will ex- plain to you the details. Take time to think of it, but if possible let us have your answer by Traverse, when he comes to-morrow. If you accede to this proposition you will give my daughter and myself sincere satisfaction. Yours truly, WILLIAM DAY. Marah finished reading, and raised her eyes, full of amazement, to the face of her son. "Mother 1" said Traverse, speaking fast and eagerly, "they say they really cannot, do without you. They have troops of servants, but the old cook is in her dotage and does all sorts of strange things—such as frying buckwheat cakes in lamp- oil and the like." "Oh, hush I what exaggeration r "Well, I don't say she does that exactly, but she Isn't equal to her situation, without a housekeeper to look after her; and they want you very much indeed." "And what is to become of your home, if I break

up 7" suggested the mother. - "Oh, that is the very best of it! The doctor says if you consent to come, that I must also live there, and that then be can have his medical assistant always at hand, which will be very convenient." Marah smiled dubiously. "I do not understand it; but one thing I do know, Traverse: there is not such a man as the doctor appears in this world more than once in a hundred years." "Not in a thousand years, mother and as for his daughter—oh, you should see Miss Clara, mother! Her father calls her Clare—Olare Day— how the name suits her! She is so fair and bright 1 with such a warm, thoughtful, sunny smile that goes right to your heart 1 Her face is indeed like a clear day, and her beautiful smile is the sunshine that lights it up I" said the enthusiastic youth, whose admiration was as yet too simple and single- hearted and unselfish to tie his tongue. The mother smiled at his earnestness—smiled without the least misgiving; for to her apprehen- sion the youth was still a boy, to wonder at and admire beauty without being in the least danger of having his peace of mind disturbed by love. And as yet her idea of him was just. "And mother, of course you will go," said Traverse. "Oh, I do not know. The proposition was so sudden and unexpected, and is so serious and im- portant that I must take time to reflcct," said Mrs. Rocke, thoughtfully. "How much time, mother? Will until to-morrow morning do 7 It must, little mother, because I pro- mised to carry your consent back with me. Indeed I did, mother!" exclaimed the impatient boy. Mrs. Roche dropped her head upon her hand, as was her custom when in deep thought. Presently she said: "Travy, I'm afraid this is not a genuine offer of a situation of housekeeper. I'm afraid that it is only a ruse to cover a scheme of benevolence, and that they don't really want me, and I should only be in their way.'' "Now, mother, I do assure you, they do want you! Think of that young girl and elderly gentle- man—pan either of thcm take chargt of a large

establishment like that or Willow Heights?" "Well argued, Traverse; but granting that ther need a housekeeper, how do I know / would Ina them 7 " "Why you may take their own words for that. mother." "But how can they know 7 I am afraid the/ Would be disappointed. "Wait until they complain, mother." "I don't believe they ever would." "I don't believe they ever would have cause." 0 "Well, granting also that I should suit them---- The mother paused and sighed. Traverse filled up the blank by saying: "I suppose you mean if you should suit then:, they might not suit you." "No, Ido not mean that! lam sure they vrould suit me I but there is one in the world, who WAY one day come to reason and take bitter umbrage At the fact that / should accept a subordinate situation in any household," murmured Mrs. Rocke, almost unconsciously. "Then that 'one in the world,' whoever he, Ether or it may be, had better place you above the necessity. or else hold his, her, or its tongue l--- Mother, / think that goods thrown in our way b/ Providence had better be accepted, leaving the coli. sequences to Him!" "Traverse, dear, I shall pray over this matter to- night, and sleep on it; and He to whom even the fall of a sparrow is not indifferent will guide me: said Mrs. Rocke ; and here the debate ended. The remainder of the evening waa spent ie laudation of Clara Day, and in writing a letter to Herbert Greyson, at West Point, in which all these laudations were reiterated, and in the course of which Traverse wrote these innocent words—"l have known Clara Day scarcely twelve hours, and I admire her as much as I love you! and oh, Herbertl If you could only rise to be a major-general and marry Clara Day, I should Le the happiest fellow alive I" Would Traverse as willingly dispose of Clara's hand a year or two after this time 2 I trot not

The next morning after breakfast Mrs. Rocke gaVe I In her decision. "Tell the doctor, Traverse," she said, "that ii understand and appreciate his kindness ; that I will not break up my humble home as yet; but I will I lock up my house and come a month on trial; if can perform the duties of the situation sags' factorily, well and good I will remain; if not• why then, having my home still in possession, I can return to it." "Wise little mother she will not cut down the bridge behind her ! " exclaimed Traverse, joyfullY. as he bade his mother good-bye for the day, and hastened up to Willow Heights with her answer. This answer was received by the good doctor and his lovely daughter with delight as unfeigned as it was unselfish. They were pleased to have a good housekeeper; but they were far better pleased to offer a poor struggling mother a comfortable and even luxurious home. On the next Monday morning, Mrs. Rocke having completed all her arrangements, and closed up her house, entered upon the duties of her new situatioe- Clara gave her a large and airy bed-chamber for her own use, communicating with a smaller one for tlie, use of her son; besides this, as housekeeper, she h 0 of course the freedom of the whole house. Traverse watched with anxious vigilance to fica out whether the efforts of his mother really ler proved the condition of the housekeeping, and we! delighted to find that the coffee was clearer and finer flavoured; the bread whiter and lighter ; the cream richer, the butter fresher, and the beefsteak jucier than he had ever known them to be on the doctor's table: that on the dinner-table, from clixf to day, dishes succeeded each other in a We ordered variety and well-dressed style—in a word. that in every particulir, the comfort of the familf was greatly enhanced by the presence of the house' keeper, and that the doctor and his daughter knesf

it. While the doctor and the student were engagna In the library. Clara spent many hours of the moor leg in Mrs. Rocke's company learning the arts of domestic economy and considerably assiiting her in the preparation of delicate dishes. In the evening the doctor, Clara, Mrs. Rocke, n Traverse gathered around the fire as one family--; Mrs. Rocke and Clara engaged in needlework, an° the doctor or Traverse in reading aloud, Or their amusement, some agreeable book. Some' times Clara would richly entf;rtain them witn music—singing and accompanying herself upon the piano. An hour before bedtime the servants were ;11,7016 called in, and general family prayer offered up. Thus passed the quiet, pleasant, profitable dall' Traverse was fast falling into a delicious dreanit from which, as yet, no rude shock threatened W wake him. Willow Heights seemed to him Pariv dise, its inmates angels, and his own life—be tude I _ .

(To be continued.)

===== 0002601_18960111_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTOR CARRIAGFS IN ENGLAND,

• The " Daily News Paris correspodent sayo th„s: immediately the use of motor carriages,under conditio't that are practical, is santioned by the Britieh Parliamel, a great number of the leading cycle and carriage fir.hve I will be prepared to place hundreds of machines on ! market, as they have already done a good deal of in the crn,truction of these vehicles for France. French atibmotor manufacturers are in many ca7d,l little more Wan titters, ard buy most of their " ponents " from England. The correspondent adds t", 14) ho has already had iuquiries about the price of a Frefof machine from a friend at Bristol who is so convinceo their early use in England that he is going to inlP,°9l one of the French best makes—a small hooded trl,ll, with seats for two people—anti keep it in his stableS the permissive Act has received her Majesty's sancti° It will cost £2OO.

•- Apropos of th& wedding between Princess INlntivo6 of Wales and Prince Carl of Denmark, it maY .il doubted if any Prince and Princess in Europe b. 4 more handsomely endowed with presents 010 Princess Maud and Prince Carl, as, in addition,' their English relatives, their cousins, the Ciaro Russia and the German Emperor, and their anlid , and uncles, the King and Queen of the llellenes!,r the Duke and Duchess of Cumberland, it is ul' stood, are,.tuift• preparin gifts of a sumptuous mag",ely cence and great value. From Denmark, too, sP:36 did presents may be expected, among which 1,,y g superb one from Danish ladies, for which a grof.i scription is now being raised by the Danish nobillo The wedding gift of the Englkh relatives of t 11. royal couple will take the form of a joint set of 8 ver plate now being manufactured in England. . ITARROP'S BASSINETTES.

ITARROIYS BASSINETTES.

HARROP'S BASSINETTES. 122, BRIDGE S 122, BRIDGE STREET. 122., BRIDGE STRO END OF SEASON SALE. ENO OF SEASON SALE. END OF SEASON SALE.

ITlt

n This is a Bina-fide CLEARANCE SALE of axiliit 50 - Class Bassinetts, now offered under cost price to clel'f' _

COME, EARLY AND CIIOOSE FIRST COMERS BEST BARGAINS.

H kRROP'S. 122, BRIDCIE-STRERT, WARRINGTON.

WAR

A meet Mall, on '1 James Fa Present comb Hui Duncan, Furness, ton, Ske' Messrs. J (borough

In addit " Examin ordinary f he having formance anon of sU and Chris The Ma the ennfir FINANCE A

Aldern Iriinutes question Bad rep(' gaid tna' Guardia Rrounds With reg had beet

This c engine fc the Lonl ltbd rep( the boro Urinals.

Counc tainutes egj f K'rle wh "as not It had n would c Dleasecl Underep Which h utherngel' 1. Dea with th 'would h manure benefit counts i rated. Cout, rainutee

Aldei Urinals, hPace in With ar The 1

===== 0002601_18960111_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
..,............1

that the? mild gat

'aid thei

attn." • iem— rse filled

ut them ey would ivho roil ibrage at situation almoot

he, abet ,owe the )ngue 1—• r way b/ the con'

atter tO. even th: Ida me,

'open— t IU letter to all these nurse of ords—"X re, and Herbert 'era' and it felloar pose of I trot

cke gaVO

"that I iat I will at I will ial ; If !...- In sat', ; if not, DI3, I CO

:own the joyful'''. day, and

answer. ctor and sad as it a good eased W able and

e having d up bet iituation' mber for ne f or tite, ,she h/P 13 to fled sally itir and we/ arer ana 2ter ; the! nefstesit )e on the from del a weir . a well* e falai 'a house' ter knelt engaged In more- arts of ting bet

Icke, an 4 family; rork, an! Dud, f°l

soni.,e' nn vti_.lo af up..

e alvne

, up. Dle daYl• B dresni• tened to im Pair D—beatk

, • I

II .11av°

1 t i 4 a feW e tno,"l ace lb', lien ts.

tree I'l the Sae rrinpiori

--_._-____,- , A N D.

h 0 ; save t - nonditio t ParHanle°, riage nes Ofl of cOre nce. 1110 nany ca9e, eir " C,,,t adds t")) pC Df a Fre of rnvineed to inir°4 )oded stables *o', sane.°

ess t ma • Yvii rope ap ents 070 dditioo of le Czato eir aLItJ Ilenes jet' is uPttifi, mag" 'hich sti h a p nobil,iovo ir es of 51 set Of

n fir° out 50 to cleat'

WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL.

A meeting of this Council was held at the Town Dall, on Tuesday evening. The Mayor (Councillor James Fairclough) presided, and there were also Present Aldermen Greenall, Sutton, Bolton, Fran- eomb,Hutchinson ; Councillors Shaw-Green,Garner, Eleaton, Baird, Shillcpck, Lee, Ellison, Tinnion, Duncan, Wilkinson, Cannell, Smethurst, Woods, Furness, Rogers, Davies, Longton, Roberts, Plump- ton, Skelton, Monks, Evans, Bennett, Hepherd, Messrs. J. Lyon Whittle (town clerk), Fairhurst (borough treasurer), Madeley (librarian). THE WATCH COMMITTEE.

In addition to the minutes given in last week's " Examiner' ' this Committee recommended that an Ordinary pension for life be granted to Inspector Bowen, he having been incapaciated by infirmity for the per- formance of his duty ; and that lkenses for the perform- ance of stage plays be renewed for St. James' Schools and Christ Church parish-room. The MAYOR moved, and Alderman SUTTON seconded the confirmation of the minutes, which was agreed to. FINANCE AND ESTATE COMMITTEE.--A. LARGE TRANSACTION. The minutes of the a ove committee were ot a routine character The principal items referred to orders for payment of the half-year's interest and annuities due Ist January. 1896, amounting to Z 9,017 7s. n., and °niers for payment of £136,799 17s. 9i. for redemption of water annuities, and £4OO in redemption of bond on im- provement rate.

Councillor SEL!.w.GREESIiin moving the confirmation of the minutes, said it might be that the Council would ex- pect him to say, something with reference to the large amount of money that had been dealt with during the past month. Never had a more important financial matter been carried through so successfully by the Cor- poration, and the whole of it had been done without the payment of any commission or P rocurati3n fee to any financial agent or other. person. When the Corporation purchased the Water Works they agreed to do it by way aarlulPY, and to pay for each annuity 30 year's pur- uFase,the annuities on the ordinary shares being redeem- able in five years, and the annuities upon the preference P'ceek in 30 years. The five years expired on the Ist Inst. When the committee were considering how they could find the very large sum of money which would he required to pay the redemption money of these annul- they sought all the informition that could be 0b- ,.,12:_1ed from financial agents and others in London, and `lap from several eminent borough treasurers in other letta of the kingdom. They were advised to issue a They gave great consideration to this matter, they found there would be very considerable trouble ti dealing with the sinking fund, because unless the 11,,,ual proportion could be invested at the same rate Ehat they were paying to their stock holders loss :Letild be sustained ; and in addition to that they found Liere would be considerable labour and extra cost 2ected with the bookkeeping and management. •ftidea, it was only fair to say that their own Borough atteasurer was strongly opposed to issuing stock. They, jherefore, determined to try to obtain the money by the 'Mlle of bonds extending over periods not exceeding ten /ears- They deemed it prudent to offer to the holders 9f the annuities form little consideration, and they, the!efore, issued a circular asking such of them as _flotelred to allow the money to remain with the Corpora- etodo so at periods not exceeding ten years at 4.2 17s. 6d. per cent. Only £37,000 of the £lBO,OOO !required accepted the terms of the Corporation, and it, therefore, became necessary for the committee to obtain the remaining £140,000. They issued an advertisement ~,,"!ering £2 153. per cent., and he was happy to say that wiPlin a fortnight of the time when the money had to be Paid over to the annuitants every arrangement had been Made, and the money was under the control of the Cor- Duration. The annuities payable represented a sum ..,equal to £3 63. Bd. per cent, on the capitalized value of we annuities, and the money having been obtained on tl average of £2 15s. 10d. per cent., the saving of the 'A. 10d. per cent, would amount to a considerable sum. The water Committee would get the benefit, and it Would so benefit the revenue of the Water Committee that there was no need to fear in any degree a claim on th, rates to pay the sinking fund and interest and an- Unities still remaining payable on the investments. It Showed the excellent condition of the borough with !egard to its borrowing powers in the eyes of the invest- Public, and he was pleased to announce that a large Dre Portion of the sam they wanted had been obtained st £2 15s. per cent. ;Hear, hear.) The minutes of the Committee were then confirmed. THE HOSPITAL QUESTION. Alderman SUTTON, in moving the confirmation of the tninutes of the Health Committee referred to the question of hospital accommodation, and to the minutes and reports published in last week's "Examiner." Be Said that no reply had been received from the Board of Guardians as to the offer to them of the hospital and grounds for £lO,OOO. Nothing further would been done With regard to the proposed extensions until that reply had been received.

SANITARY WORKS COMMITTEE. This committee recorded the purchase of a secondhand engine for £lO3 for use at Longford Depot ; also that the Longford Sub-Committee be requested to consider report upon the condition of the public urinals in T.he borough and the advisability of providing additional Urinals. Councillor MONKS proposed the confirmation of the I:l2lttutea,and in reference to the intention to purchase an _iebeine for £lO3 said that it was to supplement the en- =le which they had already at the works, and which *lsnot sufficiently strong to drive the new destructor. had nothing to do with the projected extensions, but ..,,_would come out of the current year's expenses. He was Incased to inform the Council that the committee had buclerspent their estimate by £596 Hs. 2d., a fact upon :thN he thought the members might well congratulate etcselves. (Hear. hear.) He had been informed br Deas that they were having more material to deal With than ever before.and that by the end of March they Would have a much larger production of concentrated manure than in previous years. He thought they would benefit almost to the extent of £l,OOO on the year's ac- counts if everything went on as satisfactorily as antici- pated. (Applause.) CouLcillor EvAws seconded the passing of the ltinutes. Alderman FRANCOMB alluded to the proposal as to the llrinals, and he said he hoped that if they had an open space in the town the committee would not fill it up With an enormous urinal. (Hear, hear) The minutes were then carried.

TRE MUSEUM. —A HANDSOME GIFT. Councillor ROBERTS in moving the confirmation of the minutes of the Museum, &c , Committee, said that he had that night more thazi usual pleasure in doing so. The members would notice that Mr. J. Dooley,a former student of the School of Art, had been awarded a county scholarship for the fourth year. (Hear hear.) He thought it was only due to Mr. Dooley te say that this achieve- ment. which was unprecedented in connection with the distribution of scholarships by the County Council, was creditable to Mr. Dooley for his ability in, and devotion to art, and also to the School of Art master. Mr. Ayl- ward, under whom he had receivcid his early training and instruction. (Hear, hear,) They had had an un- Usually large number of gifts during the month,amone'st which he must specially take notice of, that of Mr. Linn*us Greening—(hear, hear)—who had presented them with his own large and invaluable collection of reptiles and batrachians, numbering no fewer than 800 Specimens. (Hear, hear.) It included specimens from all Parts of the world. Mr. Greening was a student of natural history whose association with it as a science Fas by no means merely local and the work he had done la connection with this collection was not only of the !post careful, but also of the most beautiful character. d;11..e specimens were what was called" set up " in a con- hTicni which left nothing to be desired. The fict that xt—t• Greening had sent the specimens up to the British (museum to have their proper names attached niTie he 1.1 11h t believed this collection unique in the „„ c)er s liingdom,except at the British Museum. (Hear, tflr') The money value of the collection was not less (Hear,hear.) As he knew there were other k,„"efnen in the town and neighbourhood who were rn lovers of natural history in other departments and t•lad Very valuable collections within the four walls of ,heir own houses, he hoped Mr. Greening's action would Stimulate them to remember that we had a Museum of 'which we were becoming more and more proud and that they could do something which would leave its mark by Riving their collections to it at as early a date as pos- sible. (Hear, hear.) Councillor FURNESS seconded the adoption of the Ininutes. Councillor BENNETT SUggeSted that they should not pass aver Mr. Greening's splendid gift so perfunctorily, but accord him a special and a hearty vote of thanks. (Hear, hear.) Alderman FaaNcomn said if Couneillor Bennett Saw fit to propose a hearty vote of thanks he shoull have ranch pleasure in seconding it, for he thought it was a Subsequently, Very noble gift to the Museum. Councillor DENNETT, seconded b on the motion ot ST Alderman FRANCOMB,a hearty vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Ciireening, after which the minutes of the committee were passed. CEMETERY COMMITTEE. The minutes contained no itein of public interest, and on the proposition of Councillor EVANS, seconded by Councillor HEATON, they were carried. in TOWN HALL, PARR AND BATHS COMMITTEE. The confirmation of the minutes, which appeared our last issue, was proposed by Alderman Bor TON, and seconded by Councillor Dr. CANNELe. Councillor LONOTON asked the Chairman of the corn. mitten if he had any places within the Precincts of the Path or otherwise that he could set with sods, as there Was a good opportunity, which if not soon seized would be lost, of _Nyinwick Park? If there were any o spaces within pen getting some good ones at a cheap rate at the borough which could be laid out with sods, it would oeagoodo pportunity and ought not to be lost. Aldermanbe b BOLTON replied that the matter had already en efore the committee who had decided to purchase What they could of them. The minutes were adopted. ItkRIEETS COMMITTEE .—THE PROPOSED SWINE MARKET. Yipe DEPUTY ~y proposed the adoption of the minutes of this committee which we published last week

and said that he would move that the resolution referring to the plot of land in Queen-street being opened for the sale of swine he left out. Alderman HUTCHINSON seconded.

Alderman SUTTON thought the Council should have some information as to why the minute referred to had been withdrawn. Alderman Bourom mentioned that some time ago it was decided that an end should be put to the erection of swing-boats and " hurdv•gurdies "in the centre of the town. He hoped that resolution would be adhered to.

The DEPUTY-MAYOR, answering Alderman Sutton, said the weighing-machine difficulty stood in the way of fixing upon this site. The pig market would be held in the Eagle and Child, and Norton Arms yards, where arrangements had been made for the placing of weighiug machines.

Tne minutes were passed. (MS COMMITTEE-THE ANNUITIES.

At a meeting Of the above committee it was resolved that an order be made for payment of half year's annu- ties and interest atnouating to £5,079 19i, 91. On the proposition of Councillor HEPHERD, seconded by Councillor FIEkTON, the minutes were pissed.

RIVERS COMMITTEE--THE SETTLEMENT WITH THE SHIP

CANAL --THAgKS TO COUNCILL')R ROBERTS,

Councillor ROBERTS moved the adoption of the minutes of this committee, which we published in our last issue. He said that the Council would see that the agreements which had so long been the subject of intercourse bet- ween the Corporation and the Manchester Ship Canal and the various parties concerned were practically brought to a friendly end. (Hear, hear.) He wished to take that opportunity of tendering his sincere thanks to the Rivers Association, Messrs. Fairclough and Co., and many other local traders for their assistance to him, and for contri- buting to bring about the solution of this very important arid difficult question. He thought they might congratu- late themselves upon having secured a settlement with- out litigation which was at once satisfactory fo themselves as a Corporation and to the traders of the town. (Hear, hear.) Councillor HEATON seconded the passing of the minutes and endorsed the words of the Chairman (Councillor Roberts) in his thanks to those outsiders who had ren- dered assistance. Councillor LONGTON asked if Councillor Roberts could give them further information, He would like to know if the agreements were to be printed,whether each mem- ber could not be supplied with a copy of them. Councillor MONKS said that he would like to say a few words relative to the services which the chairman of the committee had rendered in these negotiations. (Hear, hear.) None but members of the committee—and not even all of those—were actually aware of the great amount of time and attention which the matter had de- manied from Councillor Rolwrts—(hear, hear)—and the committee showed its sense in deputing the chairman and the Town Clerk to carry out the negotiations, and arrive at a satisfactory settlement. The committee had tried for twelve months to settle it,and at the end of the time they were as far off a solution of it as when they started, but since they had entrusted the Chairman and the Town Clerk with the matter a settlement lwas speedily come to. He thought it was only fair to the Chairman to state publicly his opinion of the capability he had shown in dealing with the subject,and to thank him for the efforts he had put forth to carry it out to a successful termination. (Hear. hear.) Alderman SurroN also said that he would like to add his testimony as to the way in which Councilor Roberts had dealt with the subject, and thanked him for the immense amount of time and devotion he had given to it.

Councillor ROBERTS replying te Councillor LonE,rton, remarked that there was nothing in the agreements which was not ready for ratification,'for it had all been submitted to and approved by the Council. If copies of the agreements were submitted to the members,it should be upon the understanding that no further discussion should take place upon them, but that all discussion was now closed. Every one had the full sanction of the Council and of all parties interested in it,and to his (the speaker's) mind it would be disastrous to re-open the matter. He accordingly asked them to allow the question to remain closed,and the decisions ready for the seals of the great authorities concerned. With regard to com- plimentary references to himself, he quite appreciated them but at the same time he felt that he was hardly de- serving of all the praise that had been bestowed upon him.He had been ably supported by his comtnittee,and he felt under a great burden of debt for the constant and invaluable services rendered to him by the Town Clerk on behalf of the town. (Hear.hear.) Both of them had felt, as natives of Warrington, that they had done the best for their fellow men, whose interests were bound up with their own. (Hear, hear.) Councillor Longton wished to speak again, but was ruled out of order.

FIRE ENGINE COMMITTEE.

Alderman HurcEuNsoN, in moving the confirmation of the mit .tes which were of a routine character, observed that 0, sorry to say that the Vigilance Committee appoin'.. • y the Council some months ago had not pre- sented their report. They had dine something, but at a very slow rate. Various improvsments were required to be made in the working of the Fire Brigade, and yet they had not yet received the report.

fhe MLYOR-: You are out of order. We understand all you mean, but the question is not on the minutes. kLaughter.) Councillor Smgraunsr seconded the motion.

Councillor WOODS did not know why it was called a "Vigilance" Committee. It was a committee of inquiry, firmed to see how the work of the Fire Engine Commit- tee could be improved.

Alderman Eltricamsow: I must rise to a point of order. This is not on the minutes, Mr. Mayor. (Hear, hear, and renewed laughter.) Councillor WOODS: The report was forwarded to the Fire Engine Committee some weeks ago. The MAYOR: You are out of order.

Councillor WOODS said the committee did not appear to be any nearer putting matters right than they were before the outbreak of the fire on Messrs. Skelton's premises. Councillor SMETHURST said the cornmitteel were quite prepared to discuss the question. Councillor BENNETT thought that such a long time had elapsed since the Vigilance Committee was appointed that the Council ought to be in possession of a report. The Towts OLERX remarked that he was to some extent responsible for the delay. The report had been in his hands for the last fortnight, but he had had so much work to do that it had been impossible to attend to it. He was also preparing the report of the experts, and the reports would be presented together- The minutes were then passed. WATER COMMITTEE. —THE PROPOSED SMALLPDX HOSP ITAL. A Iderman FICANCOMB moved the confirmation of the minutes of this Committee which appeared in our last week's issue, and said he hoped that the one with re- ference to Pear Tree Farm was not in any way binding to the Council, as he had heard many complaints about the proposed hospital from people living at Padgate. They were afraid that such a hospital would be detri- asgari that ent somewith mental to the health of the district. Councillor HEITHERD seconded. CouncillorSllA into GREEN d m ago thev entered the f7Rural months Di- strict Council to supply a certain portion of Orford with water. The terms were that 8 per cent. should be paid on the outlay, and it was expected that the inhabitants would have to pay more money per annum for some time to come. There was, however, already a revenue from the district more than equal to pay what they guaranteed to pay on the cost of extending the water main (Hear, hear.) Alderman SUTTON again alluded to the hospital ques- tion, and said it was doubtful whether they would ever find a site that would be suitable in every respect. He found that the Medical Officer was of opinion that the site proposed was not a suitable one, and he was afraid, therefore, that an effort would have to be made to pro- vide another one. Councillor ROBERTS said that for a considerable time, getting on for two years, the Health Committee had been trying to find a suitable site for a small-pox hospi- tal. Bearing in mind the fact that the district around Warrington was more or less populous,the Council cv-aild see how difficult it was to find a situation free from the objection so easily taken to an institution af that kind. If the Corporation would not come to their help he did not know what the committee were going to do. If it was found impossible to precure a site they would have, as a committee to throw the responsibility of unpre- paredness for a similar outbrt--ak to that which occurred a few years ago,on the shoulders of the Corper?.tion: The Health Committee could not be held responsible if they received no support from the Council as a whole. 113 was not prep:red to say that the site proposed was the best ; at any rate it was the best which offered itself at nreseac,and in the circumstances they had either to face the present state of absolute unpreparedness for a further outbreak of smallpox or make some arrangement as seemed to offer Itself in regard to the site under dis- cussion. (Hear, hear.) The interests of the town were above the interests of people who lived outside,and who had only themselves to consider. A great deal of op- position was fancied, but it was not an opposition that was likely to lead to any serious difficulty. (Hear, hear.) Alderman FRANCOMB said that as chairman of the Water Committee he did not make any opposition to the site on personal grounds, but when a number of people made complaints it was only fair that they should have a hearing. Since he proposed the adoption of the minutes of the committee, he had been informed by the Town Clerk that Dr. Gornall had expressed the opinion that the place proposed was thoroughly unsuitable for a Smallpox hospital. The minds of the people, therefore, could be at once set at rest. The minutes were then agreed to. GENERAL PURPOSES COMMITTEE. The minutes of this committee which contained nothing of any note, were agreed to without comment, on the motion of the MAYOR seconded by Alderman SUTTON, and the Council rose.

• COCOA is more than a mere stimulating and refreshing drink, it is also a nutritious food, and one of the most precious gifts of nature—sustaining and invigorating the system probably more than any other beverage. The 'Lancet refers to Cadbury's Coccu " the standard of highest purity at present attainable in regard to cocoa."— Advt.

TTES. STIO: [MET.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
TH E EXAMINER, SATURDAY, JANUARY 11, 1896.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
VENEZUELA AND THE TRANS VAAL.

SOME PLAIN SPEAKING BY MR. JOHN BURNS,

Mr. John Burns, M.P., delivered his annual address to his coustituents last evening. Secure al ways of a welcome from the men of Battersea, his reception on this occasiou was extraordinarily warm. It was really his first important address since the last general electiorr. Then, seduced by arts which need not now be character- ised, some of "the baser sort" deserted him, and his majority was correspondirrgly diminished. It is admitted, however, on all sides that the enemy will never do so well again, and that the Liberal majority will never again touch that law-water mark. The title of the address last night was " The Old Year and the New." Of the old. Mr. Burns was not able to give a very satisfactory account, and still less was he able to speak well of the promise, so far, of the new. He feared we were now face to face with a crisis, or a series of crises, more complicated and possibly more pregnant with disaster than any since the time just before the Crimean war. He therefore proposed not to allow " conventionality to chloroform his conscience" nor to give way to the orthodox fear that members of Parlia- ment had in speaking on questions that required bold treatment and vigorous analysis. The situation,he felt sure, would be faced by the people of this country with calmness, courage, and real patriotism—characteristics that, to its eternal credit, had lately marked the conduct of the bulk of the English Press. Touching first on the American di4pute. he held that at the bottom there was a genuine feeling of brotherhood between the English and the American peoples.and that any estrange ment between them was the result of the operations of "gold hugs and railway kings." If we were right about Venezuela, fighting would not mend matters. If we were wrong, arbitration would not make them worse. As a working man and a member of Parliament. he protested against the notion of a resort to physical farce being even entertained—a sentiment received with immense applause by he meeting. It was for the situa- tion in Africa that Mr. Burns reserved his thunders. " I was for fifteen months," he said, " the servant of a chartered company, and I know how the little game is done." As to the South Africa Company, this was a concern, he declared, founded in fraud, buttressed by corruption, supported shamelessly by royal patronage, and backed by a subsidised reptile press. It had but- chered and dispossessed helpless tribes. The history of Bulowayo, Mashonaland, Matabeleland, Kululand, and the whole string of filibustering expeditions organised by Rhodes and his ruffians was perhaps more shameless than anything the East India Company did in India. The Jameson raid was another move in the game—another stage of the bolstering up when a financial collapse was about to take place. As corroboration of this, he referred by the way to such different authorities as the " Inves- tor's Review" and the organ of the Liberty and Property Defence League. The miners from Caiifornia,Coolgardie, Cornwall and Wales has been deluded.lf they did not have employment at the goldfields they must be employed as police or as swashbucklers. How, he asked, had Jame- son been able to collect 600 or 800 troopers at one parti- cular spot, and how was it that Sr J. Willoughby, the commander of the military forces of the Company, was where he ought to have been ten years ago—in gaol (Cheers.) how came it that officers of the British army came to be in the affray? The "appeal from Johannes- burg " was" a put up jab," organised by Cecil Rhodes. It was odd that this affair should have been precipitated now, instead of in April, when Parliament was sitting. Still, Mr. Chamberlain had repudiated Jameson boldly, handsomely, and well—(Cheers). To the surprise of everybody, Mr. Rhodes had repudiated Jameson also. " A mean dirty trick this, to go back on an old pal."— (Loud cheers.) An area sneak outside Pentonville would not have behaved so—(Renewed cheers.) Rhodes's ruin dated from the day he repudiated Jameson. He must be careful Pretoria did not prove his Panama. Coming to another matter he felt compelled to warn people about, Mr. Burns referred to the Queen, and offered a touching tribute to her as a sagacious sovereign and as a woman. Her Majesty had relations on many thrones. (Laughter.) He wished, by the way, she would keep her " ugly duckling" on the Continent in order. (Great cheering.) He believed the Queen desired sincerely the permanence of her house, her home, and the common country. He asked what was she allowing or ignoring at the present time ? She was allowing the Marquis of Lorne, her son-in law, to be a shareholder in one of the Char- tered syndicates. It was true he had only five shares, but that made the matter worse, because he did not appear to have faith in it. (Laughter.) But why did she allow the Duke of Fife to be a director of the Char- tered Company—(loud cheers)—and why did she allow and why did Parliament permit officers in the Diploma- tic, Consular,and other services to besmirch the national honour by using their love of gold and company-promoting to gull ignorant investors—people who without these tinsel attractions would have left Rhodes and Company to their fate. The Queen, who doubtless inspired the graceful message sent to America by her two sons ought to insist upon these men at once abandoning these schemes. (Cheers.) The Prince of Wales, too, should see that his patronage of the Imperial Institute did not bring Lim into disrepute and into contact with the rough side of the English character. (Cheers.) The situation (con- tinued Mr. Burns) was critical. Mr. Rhodes might deny his responsibiliy, but that was all humbug. Mr. Burns's " remedy" for the sisuation was that Lord Salisbury should at once revoke the charter of the South Africa Company, and that he should then send Lord Roberts with 15,000 British troops to sequestrate all the political, judicial, and administrative rights now enjoyed under the charter, alienating the lands the Company had secured by deceit and fraud, and estab- lishing the autonomy of the independent States and Republics. The Prime Minister should also dismiss all commissioners, high or low, who possessed shares in the Chartered Company and its auxiliary companies. He suggested also that a civil commission of ability and eminence should be despatched to the scene, and if he were asked to name any particular individual, he would name Mr. Asquith. Reverting to the German Em- peror's message, Mr. Burns said he was rather inclined to laugh at it. It was a poor return for be- ing Her Majesty's relation and for the cession of Heli- goland. (Loud cheers.) He thought the German Emperor should remember before he talked as he had talked that he had enemies at home to deal with. Con- cluding, Mr. Burns suggested that there were people in this country,as elsewhere,who had an interest in forcing on war, and asked the meeting to send a message to America and to Germany to the effect that. while Englishmen would fight to the death for national honour, they " would no longer be made the catspaw of commercial tapeworms, who would eat out the hard won earnings of the people."

===== 0002601_18960111_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
d......•110.k.m., SCIENTISTS ON VACCINATION.

PROFESSOR CRUIKSRANK'S TEIEORIES OF TETE DISEASES OF VACCINATION CLEARLY PROVED BY DR. MAKUNA.

Professor Cruikshank, one of the greatest of scientists, has stated that vaccine lymph is a perfect feeding ground for the germs that cause most of the worst dis- eases of modern times. Dr. Makuna has taken up the subject,and by examining 24! cases fouad forty separate diseases of vaccination, all of which were transmitted by va,:cine lymph to the blood of healthy persons, princi- pally children. Dr. Makuna's writing and reports prove conclusively the dangers attending vaccination, and the great need of prevention and cure for those viceinated. He states that some of the diseases which he finds most often transmitted an; carried directly into the blood of healthy children ere the following :—Paralysis, erysipe- las, consumption, cancer, diarrheel, scrofula, scarlatina, convulsions and syphilis. It is a well-known fact that the germs of all these diseases of vaccination can easily be deetroyed by antiseptics when they have been re- moved from the body. Scientists readily remove some of them,place them in vials, and destroy them with anti- septics. Whv,then, one may ask, " are not these anti- sceptics given to the persons vaccinated so that these tdhi ejs aeds etashartioni t:aegyphtbi teet ed evasartAer co iytooeaodt otpohoewwmoe urofomudle ,tat nt dTh eh my answer rer or the is,si 6 4 There in brief," said the dector whe was spsakine for himself, "is the reason why the diseases of vaccination have bafflad the medical daily rn t s theories knowledge, . 1 r p r Fortunately nbefore and proofs d r ouroo f s w profession, and compelled us all, in spite of all our sanitary arrangements and precautions, to see f e etiy thousandsthe doctor's ow f s u ffert eal yn a rayho o f light dreadful h eyes." borne ri u factsper- fectly picture presents asisbetehne thrown upon this dark picture; indeed, we may say, a whole flood of liglat. By following the same lines of investieatien as those adopted by Dr. Makuna and Professor Cruikshatak. the eminent doctor and vaccina- tor, who, after forty years of diligent study of this sub- ject, has discovered an absolutely new scientific remedy, which is vegetable and antiseptic in action, and which he has named "Vaccination Virus Vanquisher," or " has placed this great medical discovery ia the hands of a Company who are now selling it to the public. Medical men have already, in private, strongly en- dorsed V.V.V. as being the remedy so long sought by the Profession. Discharges and pus from vaccination sores on several children were recently obtained and placed in a glass vessel.fiaßy means of scientific instruments it was estimated that nearly a million germs were con- tained in these discharges. One teaspoonful of V.V.V. was mixed with this pus, and one teaspoonful from the same bottle was given to a child of three years by a member of the V.V.V. Co. The following morning the child was in perfect health, and has so continued since, while the germs were found, by the use of a microscope, to be entirely destroyed. Other experiments have been carried out which demodstrate that the medicine acts quite as powerfully upon germs within the blood as without. In future no parent need be excused whose child suffers from the diseases of vaccination, as this remedy can now he obtained at 2s. 9d. per Bottle from all Chemists ; Qr from Barclay & Sons, 95, Farrinedon- street, London, or from the Vaccination Virus Van- quisher Company, Limited, 31, Snow Hill, London,E.C.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WISE & THE OTHERWISE.

In one of his recent books Mr. Leslie Stephen gives it as his opinion that the knowledge attained by the wise can never be communicated to the multitude."

Ah, yes. But who are the" wise" and who belong to the" multitude ?" That's about as tough a question to settle as to say who are saints end who are sinners. Things are so mixed, you know. Can we ever be sure we are wise? Is it ever absolutely safe to call another man a fool? Whosoever can decide that is a wise man —and perhaps the only one in all the Queen's dominions.

Was our good friend Mr. Samuel Nicholls a wise man to permit himself to suffer pain for eleven years ? No, not perfectly so. Nobody suffers pain if he can help it. He couldn't help it, because he lacked just one bit of knowledge—how to stop it. fie knows now ; but, alack a-day, who shall restore time gone ? Wise people learn- from the experience of others. Possibly here's a lesson for you and me. We can do no more than skim the surface of Mr. Nicholl's story; the whole of it would make a book. In harvest time, 1880, he felt dull, sleepy, and fagged. Both body and mind were heavy and low like the atmos- phere before a thunderstorm. And for him the storm was coming. Presently pain took him in the knees' which swelled up so badly he could hardly stir. The pain in the muscles of his right arm and shoulder : not a mere grumbling ache, but pain so intense that he uses the adjective "frightful" in describing it.

Later on his hands became so swollen and drawn out of shape that he couldn't hold a fork or a spade (he works on a farm). "I was so stiff in the joints of my legs," he says, "that I used to stand up at the dinner table.

Take another expression, quoted literally from his own accounz : "On certain occasions the pain was so bad that I have hollered for eighteen hoary at a time, and have fainted as I sat before the fire." In Mercy's name, try to fancy that ! It makes one's heart sore with pity for him ; even now, when it's all over and gone. A martyr on the rack couldn't have suffered worse.

Mr. Nicholls says be got little or no sleep when he had these bad attacks, and often sat up or tried to walk about, instead of going to bed. He was never free from pain: and even when at his best—when the disease was giving him a kind of let-up or respite—he had great difficulty in getting about his work, and did but little at that.

We are not to suppose that our friend went through all this without an effort for relief. Quite the contrary. He consulted the doctors and applied hot poultices and other things in that line, such as embrocations, rubbing bottles, and so on. Momentary relief came of it, but nothing that looked in the least like a cure. Now remember that we have merely glanced at this case. The reader's imagination must picture its full his- tory. It covers years enough to make a man old—to make him resemble a ship that has stuck on the rocks and been hammered by the gales of half a score of win- ters. It is a wonder that he should have had anything left to build on, or any balance of courage or hope. Here's the conclusion in few words, his own words too: "In August, 1891," he says, "a little book hap- pened to fall into my hands, telling about a medicine known as Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, and I read in it of a case like mine being cured by this Syrup. I got a bottle from Mr. J. F. Cook, chemist, Holbeach, and after taking it a few days some of the stiffness and pain went out of my joints. I kept on, and not long after- wards I was as right as any man can be. I have had no ache or pain since, nearly,cighteen months. (Signed) Samuel Nicholls,The •GlebekFarm, Hougham, near Grant- ham, January 31st, 893."

Isn't it a comfort to know that such a case can be cured? "Yes, yes," say we, all of us. It was chronic inflammatory rheumatism. Now for the golden lesson it teaches. Rheumatism is a result and symptom of a torpid stomach and liver— indigestion and dyspepsia. The only way to cure rheuma- tism is to care indigestion and dyspepsia, the cause of it Mr. Nicholls knows this now.

And if we all bear this in mind, no doctor or philoso- pher can be any wiser than we in that important par- ticular. Add one thing more: Mother Seigel's. Cura- tive Syrup is the remedy.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
DANGEROUS TRADES.

Professor Cognetti di Martiis, is showing that each occupation, mechanical or int,llectual, has its peculiar nervous disease, draws a harrowing picture of the dan- gers attending modern industrial life. He begins by discussing the perils to the nerves of open-air workers. Lightning is one of these. It kills twenty-two persons annually in England, and seventy-one in France, and leaves many of those who escape death with shattered nerves for life. The malarial fevers common to open-air workers, especially agricultural labourers, are in many cases followed by severe nervous disorders, and there is a true rural paralysis resulting ftom these fevers. Tetanus, the green germ of ,which thrives in swampy ground, and suostrokes, are both followed by distress- ing nervous disturbances. Str)ng light produces a nerv- ous affection to the eye, known as snow blindness, and one form of the disturbance, to which foundrymeia are very subject, makes a victim practically blind towards sunset,and after nightfall. Miners have painful nervous affections of the eye, but from opposite causes. Their troubles are in great part caused by the rarefaction of the oxygen in the air in which they work, and are ac- companied by strange illusions, such as the apparent swaying back and forth of objects in the fields of vision. Miners working in mountain shafts have the so-called mountain sickness, accompanied by headache, writhing of the body, hesitancy of movement, heart affeetiens, nausea and vomiting, sometimes followed by insensibility, delirium, and coma. Aeronauts have the same trouble. Men who work under high atmospheric pressure are even in a worse plight, The voice becomes metallic, utterance is difficult, and in the case of some,sounds impossible; hearing is impaired, muscles are knotted, smell and taste are lost, and the labourer handles his tool with difficulty. Seasickness is another nervous affection that has always defied the doctors, and no satisfactory remedy has ever been found for it. Too much school work causes epilepsy and St. Vitus' dance in children, besides impaired sight, head- ache, stammering, insomnia and fleeting hallucinations. Under the intense strain of modern commercial life, the business man becomes a victim to neurasthenia, and loses the power of mental application. The speed at which railway locomotives are driven on certain lines utterly breaks down the nerves of the drivers in a short time. The intense preoccupation and great manual exertion of the pianoforte player often produces paresis. Clarionet players have spasms of the tongue. Sewing machine makers, telegraphers, cigarmakers, button- makers and others who have to maintain a high speed at their work, are subject to nervous disturbances im- mediately affecting the part of the body especially under strain, but extending to other parts. Dentist's leg is paralytic affection of parts kept long undo pressure. Hammer paralysis comes to the man who has ORO arm constantly plying a tool of the striking kind. The pro- fessional bicyclist is subject to shocking nervous iiala- dies. He is likely to suffer especially from excessive weariness, loss of the power of attention, of critical sense, of judgment, and of all the high psychic manifes- tations. Persons accustomed to use the voice a great deal are subject to laryngeal spasms; watchmakers and others who use strong magnifying glasses, become near- sighted. In fact, every occupation exacts its penalty, phvsical or mental, and the shortening of the hours of labour seems to be the only remedy in sight.—" Science Siftings."

===== 0002601_18960111_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL LAST WEEK'S TRAFFIC.

Traffic upon the Ship Canal last week showed a con- siderable improvement on the preceding week's returns. Daring the seven days ended January 3, 136 sea-going cargo ships, with an aggregate tonnage of 38,515 .net registered tons, arrived at and sailed from the various docks, wharves,&c. which are comprised in the Customs port of Manchester, against 100 vessels of 31,454 tons during the former period. Coastwise traffic increased by 32 ships and 3,058 tons, and foreign traffic by four ships and 4,003 tons. Amongst the full cargoes imported were twenty of stone, seventeen of China clay, fifteen of general merchandise, six of timber and wood pulp,three of logwood, three of pig-iron, two of cotton, two of green fruit, and one each of pyrites, flints, bonc-ash,and resin. Amongst the exports were twenty general car- goes to Brazil, the Mediterranean,and other foreign and home ports ; whilst cargoes of coal were shipped to Bel- fast, the Isle of Man, and Copenhagen. Durinc, the week the steamers Manx Fairy, St. Mawes Castle, and Water Lily, which have since the opening of the canal been en- gaged in the pleasure traffic under the management of the Ship Canal Passenger Steamer Syndicate, left the docks for Liverpool to be sold.

B 111133, ANIMALS and FI-;11 STUFFED, and mounted in Glass Cases of any design. HEADS and HORNS mounted, also for Sale. Birds made into Hand Screens or Fire Screens. Dealer in British and Foreign Birds and Animals Skins, Glass Shades, Stsgs' heads. Cabinets Store Boxes. Nets, &c., for Butterfly and Egg Collectors.—B. CooxE, Naturalist and Furrier, 21, Ileushaw-street, Liverpool. Estaialished over 21 years.

THE SATURDAY EVENING CONCERT.

At last a sense of the value of the Saturday even- ing concerts seems to have taken hold of the people of Warrington, for on Saturaay night the Parr Hall, while not exactly crowded, was full both upstairs and below. Whatever may have been the reason for this sudden access of attendance the fact remains that none went away dissatisfie‘). Since the previous Saturday the stage had been enclosed by " scenery " and curtains, making a decided improvement in the appearance of the Hall. The principal attractions of the evening were Mr. Mel B. Spurr and Mademoiselle Marienne Tostia, the former a humorist and the latter a mandoliniste. Mr. Spurr came to Warrington with a good reputa- tion, and it will be generally accorded that he went away with a better. In style Mr. Spurr greatly resembles Grossmith, and while lacking the latter's finish, be is better adapted for success with the average concert audience. During the evening Mr. Spurr appeared four times and was encored on each occasion. His most succsssful and popular selections were " Snorkins," "Tin Gee Gee," " A Little Music," including " Her Golden Hair was Hanging Down Her Back,". al4 Mendelssohn, Chopin, Liszt, and Mozart, and, the "Xmas Pantomime." In the latter Mr. Spurr shows up the ridiculous side of pantomime in an admirable manner, and moreover presents it in a light which has never been thought of by the majority of theatre-gaers. Mdlle. Tostia created quite a furore with her exquisite playing on the mandoline, accompanied by Mdlle. Elsa Tostia on the piano. On this instrument Wine, Jostia is probably the best performer who has yet appeared in Warrington, for the amount of expression and force. which she extracts from it would previously have seemed incredible. For her first item " Rhap- sodie Hongroise," (Hauser) she was twice encored, while for the successive selections the audience could not show too much appreciation. There was only one lady vocalist, Miss Alice Williams, but she was a host in herself, and her interpretation of "Gitana " (Boscowitz) and "Whisper, and I shall hear," met with a very warm reception. "Cherry Ripe" was given as an encore to the latter song, and Miss Williams' voice further displayed its sweetness in the familiar air. Mr. Hargreaves Hudson was the baritone for the evening, but it cannot be said that his success was pronounced. An attempt at originality was apparently his aim. "The Lost Chord " he sang to an organ accompani- ment with the result that it was difficult to pro- perly connect the two. "Revenge " (Hatton) was a song he attempted with more vigour than expres- sion. An encore was accorded him, and he gave in response "The Yeoman's Wedding Song," and achieved a much greater success by it. Mr. Neville Hastings (George Cropper) is well known in War- rington, and some improvement was manifest in his style, though "Come into the garden Maud," proved more than he could render with the test effect. As a whole, the concert may be taken as one of the best of the miscellaneous class ever given in Warrington, and was as much encouraging to the audience as the dimensions of the latter were to the Corporation officials.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
DROWNING FATALITY.

Mr. S. Brighouse held an inquest at the Police Station, on Tuesday, on the body of Jane Roberts, 46 Wellington-street, whose body was found in the river Mersey on Saturday afternoon. Charles Roberts, father of deceased, said that his daughter was a fustian cutter. She was 15 years of age. He last saw her alive on December 3rd. His wife was the last to see her alive. He did not suspect that she would take away her life, and there was no reason why she should do so.—By Inspector spinks: There was no one whom she visited near the " Ha'- penny" Bridge.—Mrs. Roberts said that she last saw her daughter alive on December 6th when she went to her work after dinner, There was nothing to cause her to take away Let life. She was reported missing to the police on Saturday December 7th.— John Ball, said that he knew deceased and saw her on December 6th, near seven o'clock at night. She was then near the " Ha'penny" Bridge. He did not speak to her. It was a very dark night., and he never saw her again alive.—Eva Stockton, 8, Twelve Houses, said that she saw the deceased on Friday night December 6th, at eight o'clock. She was then near Dixon's corner (one of the Twelve Houses). he asked her where she was going and she replied " nowhere." She then asked her to come with her, but she replied: " No, my legs brought me, and my legs will take me hack." Witness worked with the deceased at the cutting shop but she never complained of her work. She had left her work at seven o'clock that night.—P.C. Barlow,gave evidence to finding of the body. It was right in the weir, fast in the sluice. There were no marks of violence on the body. The mother was re-called and said that her husband was not harsh in any res- pect to the deceased. She was quite on friendiy terms with all the family. The jury returned a ver- dict of" Found drowned."

===== 0002601_18960111_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE CA.USE : MANY RESULTS.

It is very hard for some persons to understand that many diseases and ailments have one source. For ex- ample, Consumption and Scrofula are closely related, and are almost always the results of poor blood. The body does not get enough nourishment, the blood becomes depleted, vitality is low, and there is no resist- ance to disease.

I don't suppose that Mrs. Kirby knew the full signi- ficance of what she wrote when she sent the following letter, and she probably did not care for the science of it, for all she wanted was to give her children health,but at any rate my point is made clear by her letter. You can read it and judge for yours,!lf : "89, ADAMS ROAD, BRADFORD HOUSE, " FRATTON, PORTSMOUTH, Sept. f4tll, 1895. "Messrs. Scorr & BOWNE, Ltd., "47, Farrington Street, London, E.C.

"DEAR Sias,—l have had such a wide experience in my own family with Scott's Emulsion that I think I am in a position to testify to its great us.fulness as a family remedy. I have found that Scott's Emulsion has so many uses, and gives such splendid results, that I consider it an icvaluable remedy. •‘ I have three children, and as each one has had its share of illness, have certainly had my share of anxiety. " My daughter, at the age of nine years, shouted sign s of wasting. She had no appetite, and was thin and weak. A little book about Scott's Emulsion was left at our door, and after reading it, I thought I would try Scott's Emulsion for my daughter. My husband also thought this would be agoed idea,so he bought a bottle, and were very pleased to notice a decided improvement in her condition from this first bottle. We continued to give her the Emulsion, with the result that she gained n flesh and s trength and completely recovered her health.

" The next occasion that we had to use the Emulsion was when our baby-boy—ten months old—was in a les ak and emaciated condition. He seemed to be pining away. with scarcely any appetite, and I thought Scott's Emul- sion would do him good, so I gave it to him, and fond it was just what he needed to overcome his wasting ten- dencies. I also noticed it was of great benefit to him during the cutting of his teeth. It made this period very much easier for him, and gave me less cause for anxiety. He loved the taste of Scott's Emulsion, and used to cry for more. Now he is a fine boy, feur years old, and always ready for the Emulsion. "Six months ago another daughter of mine was suffering from Bronchitis and Pleurisy. I tried Scott's Emulsion in her case also, and it surely did wonders for her. I have found in all cases of coughs land colds and throat affections, to which all children are more or less subject, Scott's Emulsion is of great benefit, and I cannot speak too highly in its favour. It seems to supply growing children with just what they need to make them strong and robust.

"I have great pleasure in testifying to the great value of Scott's Emulsion as a family remedy for the many ills thas are common to almost every household. "Yours very truly, E. KIRBY."

All of Mrs. Kirby's children undoubtedly inherited sow weak tendency. They lacked vitality, and there are thousands just like them. They are weak and need building up.

- The child that took Scott's Emulsion during the teeth- ing period interested me, because mothers de no appre- ciate the importance of a healthy formation of all the bones of a growing child, teeth included. Scott's Emulsion contains lime, and this feature adds to its value as a children's remedy.

The total amount voluntarily contributed in the British Isles by all sections of Christians in the financial year 1894 for promoting missionary work was £1,375,571.

WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The monthly meeting of this Board was held in the Board room of the Workhouse, on Wednesday morning, Mr. William Houghton presiding. There were also present Mrs. Clay, Rev. T. R. Matthews, Rev. J. H. Riddette, Messrs. J. Houghton, A. J. Jolley, W. Hickman. T. B. Malkin, J. Clarke,A. Lang, G. Thompson, S. Davies, J. Warburton, J. Billinge, J. Mather, G. Pilling, J. W. Knowles, T. Halton, A. Jolley, J. Johnson, Dr. Patterson, J. C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (deputy clerk), C. H. Ward (master), and H. M. Mines (superintendent).

AN ENTERTAINMENT TO THE INMATES.

Mrs. CLAY said that Miss Massey had offered to give a tea and entertainment to the inmates of the hospital on January 27th. On the motion of Mr. PILLING, seconded by Mr. A. JOLLEY, the offer was accepted.

PROCEEDINGS AGAINST THE RIXTON OVERSEERS.

The Clerk was authorisPd to take proceedings against the Rixton-with-Glazebrook overseers, who had not yet paid the last three calls.

ILLNESS OF THE REV. G. F. ROBERTS.

It was stated by Mrs. Clay and several other members that the Rev. G. F. Roberts was very ill, and general regret was expressed, the CHAIRMAN saying that Mr. Roberts was the most useful member that ever was on the Board.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
HOI7SX COMMITTKE.

This committee reported that £2OO be paid on account to Messrs. Bradford and Sons, the work being satisfac- tory. They also recommended that the tender of Mr. Robert Heaton for 40 tons of sleepers at 13s. 6d. per ton, be accep ed, and failing the acceptance of that tender, tkat of Mr.Denham at 14s.6d.per ton. The committee also reported that a deputation consisting of Messrs. Clarke, Thompson, A. Jolley, Pilling, Billinge, and the master had visited New Brighton for the purpose of seeing the drying stoves there, and they unanimously recommended that the tender of the arrangement suggested by Messrs. Summerscales of Keighley for £163 10s. be accepted.— Mr. Clarke in proposing the adoption of the minutes said that the matter of the heating arrangement had been ?ut off year after year, but they had now to face it. What had been done he thought that would be very satisfactory. Messrs.Summerscales' was considered to be the best scheme and the committee therefore recommended that such scheme should be adopted. Whereas the old stoves took 2i hours to dry, the new ones would not take one hour.—Mr. A. J. JOLLEY seconded the adoption of the minutes.—Mr. THOMPSON said that the new stoves would be heated by exhausted steam, and the steam which was now wasted would be capable of doing all the work.—The minutes were passed ununimously.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOLS COMMITTEE.

This Committee's minutes which recommended among other things, the purchase of a harmonium, to cost not more than £lO, for the use of the schools were also passed unanimously.

THE DINNERS TO THE INMATES.

The MASTER reported that the inmates of the House had their annual dinner of roast beef and plum pudding at Christmas, and it was very much enjoyed. The in- mates were very well-behaved. The Superintendent also gave a similar report with regard to the Padgate schools.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PROPOSED INFIRMARY.

The CLERIC read the minutes of the Infirmary Com- mittee, which, he said, did not involve any particular action. They stated that a letter bad been received from the Local Government Board suggesting that an endea- vour should be made to acquire the site of the Warring- ton Borough Infectious Diseases Hospital, if it could be obtained at a reasonable amount. The Clerk reported that he had communicated with the Town Clerk of Warrington on the subject, and the Corporation had de- cided that they would sell to the Guardians their hospi- tal for £lO,OOO. The Infirmary Committee of theßoard determined to make no recommendation for the present, and instructed him (Mr. Sutton) to write to the Local Government Board thereon. The subjects of loan, em- ployment of solicitor to prepare conveyance if land, notice to quit to the present tenantotc.,were considered, and without coming to any final decision upon the sub- jects there were severally left in the hands of the Clerk to ask as advisable upon the further decision ef the com- mittee.

The minutes were passed, on the motion of Mr. PIL- LING, seconded by Mr. ALFRED JOLLEY. The CLERK read the reply be proposed to write to thA Local Government Board explaining the present posi- tion of affairs, and it was approved 'by the Board.

A MOTION LtEIrERRZD.

A. motion of which Mr. Cross had given notice to the effect that repairs be put in charge of the Building and Repairs Committee was deferred until the next meet- ing, owing to ,the inability of that gentleman to be present.

A COMMUNICATION IROM A TEMPERANCE SOCIETY.

A communication to tile Chairman from the Society for the Prevention of the Sale of Intoxicating Liquors to Young Children was read to the Board, asking for his signature in favour of a bill to further the object of the society. The letter went on to picture the evil sights which were to be seen in public-houses, and hoped that the Chairman would lend his influence to keeping young children free from such temptation.—The CLERK said that the letter was simply to the chairman and not to the whole Board.—The CHAIRMAN said that the object seemed a worthy one, and he saw no objection to it. Be was however certain that they bad drawn a too highly coloured picture. Personally he should decline to have anything to do with it. If the Board wished thy could take it up.—Mr. KNOWLES said that as the letter was to the Chairman the matter was closed, and the con- versation then dropped.

TEE MEDICAL OFFICERSHIP OF NEWTON AND HAYDOCK.

The Rev. J. H. RinnErrE asked if some arrangement could not be made whereby the people of Haydock could be more convenienced than they were at present with regard to the medical officer. There was a number of people who had to walk two and a half miles before they could get medical relief. This matter wonld receive consideration at the next meeting of the local commit- tee, and he would like the Clerk to tell him whether there was an arrangement originally made that Dr. Watkins was required to have a surgery in flaydock.—The CLERK said that he had no recollection, and all the law required was that the medical officer should live within the dis- trict. Of course it was intended that he should be reasonably "getable," to all people. If the com- mittee would consider the question, and make such suggestions which they thought reasonable, those sug- gestions could be made to Dr. Watkins who could reply thereto. If there were any difficulty, then they could write to the Local Government Beard.—Mr. BiLurros said that he understood that Dr. Watkins had arrange- ments with doctors in Flaydock on the matter.—The Rev. J. H. RIDDETTE said that he represented the West ward this was the furthest place from Dr. Watkins sur- gery. His constituents had therefore the furthest to walk. He thanked Mr. Sutton for his advice and the matter would be brought up at the next meeting of the local committee. CLASSIFICATION or CASUALS.

Mr. MA.Laix asked the Clerk whether he had received a circular from the %I, olverhampton Union asking for the support of the Warrinzton Union to a scheme for the distinguishing of bona fide workingmen from the profes- sional tramps. Be thought that the the workingmen who had to go about the country through no fault of their own, ought to have more humane treatment than was received at present.—The CLERK said that a circu- lar had been received ,but added that the Board had been represented on a deputation to the Local Government Board, and had their names on record in favour of such classifications. Of course the Board could pass a motion authorising him to write in favour of the Wolverhamp- ton Union proposal.—Mr. MALKIN moved, and Mr. CLARKE seconded that this be done.—After a few words form the Rev. J. H. Riddette and Mr. Hickman, the motion was passed, and the Board then arse.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
110 W FOREIGN COMPETITION IS HELPED.

The British merchants at Yokohama are, says the "Daily News" correspondent, divided amongst them- selves in opiniAn upon Japanese competition with Eng- land. Thus while the Manchester people are complain- ing that Japan is now manufacturing cotton goods, it is remarkable that other English firms sell cotton-spin- ning machinery to the Japanese and provide thein with experts to instruct them in the processes of manufac- ture. Hitherto Japan has had to buy her ships abroad, mostly in England, but the " Hochishimbun " discloses an arrangement whereby, at no very distant date, Japan will not only do her own shipbuilding, but probably compete with England. The paper states that arrangements have been come to for the establishment, of a steel foundry by the Armstrong Company, of Eng- land, on the iollowing terms :-1. The material shall for the present be imported from England. 2. Of the workmen to be employed 20 per cent, shall be brought from England and 80 per cent, shall be Japanese. 3. When a new arm is invented in England it shall be manufactured at the works in Japan. 4. For a stated number of years the Japanese Goverument shall glve a fixed subsidy to the Company. 5. On the expiration of the period during which the Company receives a sub- sidy the works shall be sold to the Japanese Government.

The emigration returns for 1895 show an increase of about 45,000. Considerably over two-thirds ot the emi- grants were destined for the United States. For the Cape of Good Hope and Natal there were 26,018. against 16,760 in 1894.

WHAT CAUSES PIMPLES? Clogging of the pores. The little plug in the centre of the pimple is called a blackhead, grub, or comedone. The only real preventa- tive is CIITICIIIZA SOAP, the most effective skin purifying and beautifying soap in the world, as well as the purest and sweetest for toilet, batkand nursery. It is the only preventive of pitmiles, blackheads, red, rough, and oily skin, red rough hands, with shapeless nails, dry, thin, and falling hair,and simple baby blotnishes, because the only preventive of inflammation and clogging of the pores, the cause or minor affections of the skin, scalp, and hair. Sale greater than the combined sales of all other skin and complexion soaps.

THROAT IRRITATION AND COUGII.—SOITEMS 'lnd Dryness tickling and irritation, inducing cough and affecting the voice. For these symptoms use Epps's Glyc•rine Jujubes. In contact with the glands at the moment they are excited by the act of sucking, the Glycerine in these agreeable con- fections becomes actively healing. Sold only in boxes, 70.. tins Is. lid., labelled "JAMES EPPi & CO., Ltd.. Homceo- pathic Chemists, London." Dr. Moore, in his work ott. "Nose and Throat Diseases," says: "The Glycerine Jujubes prepared by James Epps and Co., are of undoubted service as a curative or palliative agent." while Dr. Gordon Holmes, Senior Physician to the Municipal Throat and Ear Infirmary. writes : "After an extended trial. I have found your Glycerine Jujubes of considerable benefit in almost all forms of throat disease."—Advt.

TOBACCONISTS Commencing; 111 d. guide and Catalogue 2b9 pages) 3d Ton &CCONISTS'OUTFLTTING Co.-186, us ton- toad, London. (Mgr), II y. MYERS.

RUPTURE.—Unparalleled Success in the treatment of rupture by S. J. SHERMAN, Hernia Specialist, 64, Chancery Lane, London. Write for his new book of full information, Md., post free.—Advt.

Mc Royal Laundresses say Critchley's " STARCIi GLOBS is unequalled for imparting a beautiful finish to starched [men, Ice., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr. —, Corn- wall, says :—" My wife will not finish our linen without your " Starch Gloss." From Mrs. —, Bradford "Dear sir,— lam pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes and Pcnishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Bold at id.. 3d., and ed., ty most starch sellers. If not in hs:-ock will procure it. 9: CR vrcumiir. Blackburn. Peopnetor

TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE, INVALUABLE FOR COUGHS, BRONCHITIS & ASTHMA. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE gives *twit relief ig Corisumption Diarrhcea, &o. Towle's Cholorodyne. x/rl, for 24 doses. TAKE NO OTHER.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
h*Ek/algtiO ectic9,owck444;

GIVI3 EASE AND COMFORT DURING TERTRINCi. Pleaaant, Cooling Aperient for Children of all Ages. Try them and prove their value for yourselves. Sold everywhere in packets, Is. lid. and 2s. 9d., or post free 14 or 34 stamps, from dole Proprietors PRITCHARDS LTD. Cif E MIST. CHEADLE, MANCHESTER.

"The most marvellous soap of the age for Laundry, Bath, Toilet. Disinfects rapidly, Antiseptic. Non-injurious, washes without rubbing or labour. Saves blueing. Cures Rheumatism. Refreshes the Skin. Wholesale Agents in Warrington N.B. PRRCIVAL and Co. Sole MaKer, F. L. BARTELT Keynsham, Bristol."

*-**-**-*-* **' * 'How many miles a week.' *Chartered Accountants of the. City of * London'certify that, last year, BROOKE, ;An, BONDS Sold more than ONE-NINETEENTII Of lihr, all the Tea consumed in Great Britain. 41,14 That means that in every week we sell enongh quarter-lbs. of Tea to snake—in misr packets placed end-to-end—A RIDGE SIXTY- __ _ _

YES. WE SELL THIRTY MILLION TEA- SPOONFULE OF DRY LEAF-TEA. IN EVERY *

TWO MILES LONG, without a gap. Think of *that, and try to realise all It means, when next you buy you one weekly packet,

WEEK. ,:k * What does all that prove ?It proves that the British People have proved for .2 *themselves that BROOKE. BOND'S TEA is * thelvery best value they can buy. OUR AGENTS ARE EVERYWHERE and * • SELL it at )110r

1/-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 2/-, 2/4, & 2/8 a lb. -, 21`...6„, BROOKE! BOND & Co. Ltd. THE LANCASHIRE TEA WAREHOUSES* * AVM. -p * 17. PICCADILLY, 1 * 29. MARKET STREET MANCHESTER - 111(.1* * ,jIK- * * * * *

THE LATE MR. J. S. GARLAND.

REFERENCE AT WYCLIFFE CHURCH.

Further testimony of the respect in which the late Mr. Garland was held, was afforded by the crowded appearance of Wycliffe Church on Sunday evening, when the Rev. John Yonge preached a special memorial sermon for the deceased gentle- man. The first part of the preacher's text was taken from one of the quotations on the funeral card and consisted of the words "1 will dwell in the House of the Lord for ever." Psalm 23, part of verse 6; the remainder was" He asked life of thee, and Thou gayest it him, even length of days for ever and ever," Psalm xxi. 4. After dealing with the mean- ing and value of the words of the text the rev, gentle- man expressed his sorrow at the loss Wycliffe had sus- tained in the death of such an untiring worker as Mr. Garland. Speaking of the private character of the late Mr. Gar'and, Mr. Yonge said he was not a man glib of speech upon the sacred matters of religious experience. He was characteristically quiet, and sank from any ob- trusive expressions of his inmost feeling. But if his inner conviction and feeling might he inferred from his customary habit of life, they might take it that he was seeking to live every day in the consciousness of God, and with a sincere desire to live aright. Like the best of men he doubtless had his incr ngruities and his dis- crepancies, his failings and infirnaities,but that his mind was ever bent towards God, and his desire earnest to- wards what was good and right, were amply evidenced by his prayerful habit, leading him to tke daily cultiva- tion and practice of private prayer, and to the regular observance in his home of that which was so rapidly be- coming crowded out of our far too busy and excited lives—he meant the observance of family worship. As a pastor, moreover, he could say that their friend's high- est commendations respecting the sermons and services at Wycliffe had been invariably in reference to those which had been most spiritual and devout in character.. Religion with him was by no means only a Sunday dross, or a church vestment. He hear ily believed in its con- trol of daily life, and he had no doubt that he gave evi- dence of that in many ways. He never spoke ill words of other people. However busy other tongues might be in spreading scandal, or in uttering harsh and unchari- table criticisms upon conduct, in assigning motives, or in passing judgments, his tongue never in- dulved in that pernicious bet very popular vice. Surely these were unmistakably t•igns of sincere disciple- ship, and of his sense of living every day in the House of God it became him as far as possible to live peaceably with all, and to do nothing to wound or grieve the sensibilities of any. The Bible and the hymn-hook were precious companions. He had ever loved the Holy Book, and had made it his careful study. When he was a teacher in the school, he never taught, as many did, without careful preparation. And so, having studied the Book, its truths beamed out more sweetly on him in his days of illness. A reference was made to a visit Mr. Yonge paid to Mr. Garland on Christmas Sun lay,when he asked him as to his state of mind. After expressing confidence of recovering and living for many years, he said that whatever happened all would be well. He began to re- peat very feebily " Just as I am." and he (the preacher) finished the verse for him. "That is not the verse I want," said he. "It is one of the later ones." Read- ing the hymn to him he came to the fifth verse : Just as I am, Thou wilt receive, Wilt welcome, parrion. cleanse,' relieve, Because Thy promise I believe. 0 Lamb of God, I come. " That is it," he said. " 'Because Thy promise I be- lieve ' " He was resting there. Was he not dwelling in the House of the Lord then ? Assuredly be was. He was dwelling in the secret place of the Most High. and abiding under the very shadow of the Almighty. There was a singular occurrence as he finished reading the verse, for just at the moment one of the Christmas bands struck up the very brmn,much to Mr. Garland's delight. The rev, gentleman made otherallusions to the character and life of Mr. Garland, all of which were listened to with deep attention and sympathy with the widow,son and relatives of the deceased who were present.

. , .. . :.:',4;'''..'s,4o-#:-.- ' 0' C K AT 0 0 .:. v • -, ' ‘,\ , ~,,..,,,.,,,,, ....„, .. ~ ~,,....,,,..,.,,, .t, . ,k _los \\,, Lo-,,,,.:, . , . .... . . .., • . .

===== 0002601_18960111_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

STOCKTON HEATH Sr. THOMAS'S Y.M. CLASS.—The Rev. T. S. Tofts (vicar), gave a very earnest New Year's ad- dress to the above class on Sunday afternoon, about 70 members being present, taking for his subject " A good soldier of Jesus Christ." It was attentively listened to. At the close, the vicar, on behalf of the teachers, and members, presented a bible to Mr. George Robin, who is leaving for Gibraltar, and also a hymn and prayer book as the Vicar's parting gift The words of advice to him will not be soon forgotten, either by him or the members present. In reply Mr. Robin said he should never forget the dear old class or his kind teacher, and he hoped one and all would value it more and more, for it had been a source of help to him. If he retu nod to the dear old village he hoped to have a place in it. (Ap- plause.) Mr. Robin, (Sen.) thanked all for their kindness to his son, especially to the vicar for his fatherly advice and after a few words from the teacher (Mr. Hallows), the gathering dispersed.,

===== 0002601_18960111_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
Inn c 4 egyaminer " 'trte

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. ming under the following neut., •Ile inserted in ALL th above-mentioned Papers for Oh CHARGE, SB per scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, A.PARTWEN TO BE LET. SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIP WAN.,.-ED, APARTACENTS WANTED MONEY WANTED, PICCIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS,

HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os 8d ... Is 3d ... 2s Od 27 38 ........ 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 22. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
Monwatt AnbantO, srt.

WANTED, HOUSRMAID.—AppIy Mrs.' THOMPSON, Bridgefield. Halewocd.

-WANTED. strong GENERAL, age about 17.—Apply Mrs GLEAVE, Brows Farm. Appleton, near Warrington.

WANTED General SERVANT. strong, able to wash, help given; age 22 or 23.—}licKs, Sandon Schools, Stone, Staffs.

1N ANTED, a thorough GENERAL SERVANT.—AppIy betwaen six and eight p.m., LINICRE HOUSE, Stanley - road , Bootle.

WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT at once; good refer- ence required—Apply 21, SYDENHAM-AVENUE,Sefton Park, Liverpool.

GOOD GENERAL SERVANTS Wanted.—Hou-emaid clisengaged,Miss SHERRATT 141,St.Anne-street,Chester, or 5 Salisbury-street, Flint.

WANTED General SERVANT, about 18; plain coking; Church; state wages.—Mrs. GRIMES, Stanton Vicar- age, Shrewsbury. _

NATANTED Good GBNFIRAL (20), able to wash, small family, Good (Tharaster.—Address 28, iNRIGHT-STREET, Burlington-st., Manchester.

GENBRAL, 20 to 22, wanted in January, must plain cook and wash: small family.—Apply Mrs. HOBE, 668, Liverpool-road, Birkdale, Southport.

SBEVANTS with good reference WANTED, for all kinds o situations; good wages; no charge till suited.—REGIS- TRY, 51, Church-st , Fgremont.

WANTED, strong General SERVANT (family 3), goo wages, references.—Mrs. FARNDALE, 7, Brudeuel Grove, Royal Park-road, Leeds.

- WANTBD, at once, Good GENERAL. 18 to 25; em all family; good wages to an experienced girl.-62, GRAFTON-ST., Oxford-road, Manchester.

SERVANTS Wanting RELIA.BLE SITUATIONS, Call or Write Miss KIRKHAM'S, City Registry, 62, Oldham-st. Manchester. Established 50 years. Stamp reply. MRS. HOPPER. AGENCY for SERVANTS, Burton-on- Trent, has several Plain Cooks and Housemaids disen- gaged, wishing to live together, two are ready for situations at once.

WANTED GOOD GENERAL SERVANT, 25 10 30. for Country Vtcarage, where another is kept. A little washing. good plain cooking. An early riser inditpensable, Waßes about £I4.—DALTON VICARAGE. Southport.

MALB and FBMALB NURSES INaTITUTION, 70, Acne- street. Llyerpool.—BstabPshed 1878.—For • reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage. apply or telegr .ph.—" Nurses," Liverpool. • Telephone 570

===== 0002601_18960111_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
UtlanteTi.

- - - AGENTS WANTED to push first-class Machinery Oi Liberal Commission.—Box 31, Post Office, Liverpool

AGBNTS WANTIsD everywhere, big commission, no risk either sex, whola or spare time.—}litatis, Printer Vrewe.

_ UT-ANTED, Sufferers from Lumbago or Dropsy to senci TV stamps for certaln cure. J. ASHWoRTH, Buxto

Chorley. WANTED Good GENERAL;abIe to wash, two in family, good references required.—CLAnw.vlLLE, 53, t:teven- st., Stretford.

A'T 3 WANTRD everywhere, salary £8 monthly and commission ; samples free.—FuLLEft, 9, Horace-road, 11, Forest Gate, London.

WANTED, strong YOUTH also GIRL. 15 to 17, able t 3 milk. state wages.—APPl9 'to ;I'. SMITE, Hillock 'Farm, Dane-lane, Atherton, Manchester.

-y OUNGN WANTI4II. 358 per week and commission. t?...qular work, splendid opening. AddreS3 CO 111P0 Wfmcb, Yarnwoith, Bolton. Lancs.

In BAKBR'S Man seeks a situation as .13AKElli, weil 1113 trade, 12 years, experience, age 26, good references.— Am PHLETT, Ea sto a ford. Vow iek, Worcestershire. . :

_ • g OBACCONISTS ,unniencing; Guide and Cata 1, (259 plgea) 3d.—TomaccoxiaTs OUTFITTING CO., 186 Buston-rosi London. hat. 1866; Manager, HY. MYERS.

-frEA! TEA ! ! TEA !! ! WANTED, responsible AGENTS tu push the celebrated KEYS TONE TEAS, in town and countrv.—Apply PL AN TER . 67 .Brook-st., Kenningtxon' London, 8.8. .

rIANVASSER for various towns.—Clnistian Girl recom- V 1 mended, persevering nud respectable. to Sell Religious Magazine from house to house.—Apply by letter. 94. UPPER STANHOPE-STREET, Liverpool.

VLSCTRICAL TItANSIISSION OF POW hit.—WANTlill Li by high-class firm of manufacturers, a well-connected agent to introduce business, commissioa only. -- Apply Vorff," care of Watkins and Osmond, 62, Ludgate Hill,

_ S. TO 259. WEEKLY SALARY offered, work can be done evenings. at home, by either sex, no canvassing, vilu- able. Sample and instructions le.. (returnable unless appointed). thoroughly rellable.—MizEr_ AND CO. (N), Cranbrook PArk, London (N).

-- NATANTBD. Smart energetic MEN of unquestionable char- acter and ability as whole cr spare time agents for the British Homes Investment Corporation, Limited. To whole or spare time men this affords a splendid opening for thrift and progress.—Apply by letter with full particular to No. 247. HICIGINSII&W-ROAD, Heyside, Royton. No notice will be taken of habitual applicants.

Eo be Let.

_

PIIRCY-STREET: off Lovely-lane, 6 Roome, decorated sg.

T liS-LA : Good Cottage 4s, 6d. Apply, ROBERT E, US Agenw-Alarket Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No. 55.

ORKSHOP and WAREHOUSE. with private yard. VY behind tap of Bridge-st.—LowE, auctioneer, Market Gate, Warrington. PERSONS WANTING HOUSBS. SHOPS Sm.:L., in Black pool should write. —WIELisx. RAWSON, lb, loozhal Square, Blackpdol. jjousu AND SHOP TO LET, No. 38, Napier-street Rent 6s. Cd. per week.—Apply JAMES BROWN, 277. Knu•StOrci-road, Latchford

LT or SOLD. DALLAM-LA.NR FOUNDRY rl. WARRINGTON, as a going concern,at present used for he manufacture of Fire Grates, Ranges, !to. Stock and patterns at valuation ; rallw4y siding in works.—Apply Mr, SomeaT LoyrE. Hstate Agent, Warrington, T. No. 55. FII*O BE LBT. a good six mottled HOUSE. back windows i overlooking Cemetery Bowling Green; rent ss. week.— Appl3 26, M.A.RB/1 HOUSE LANE. Warrington.

LET.—Good W014.113E10E% Orford-st.—Apply AsaTo and WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-st., Warrington.

T_ 0 LET.—G ond HOUSB, 37, Hopwood-street, 3 bedoooms Apply ASHTON and WooDs, solicitor, Horsemarkel,st. Warrington.

CiTOCKTON HBATIII.-11 suses composed of four bedrooms 0 two sitting•rooms, bath-room, w c., kitchen, oPllars, etc Rent £l9 10s. Also good bays at ss. per week.—Boszocs, Wlderspool, Warrington. •

Lit i)otiovs, 33terimick5, szt.

fl all at London Tavern. in main thoroughfare, 230 v W. Rent moderate, profitable trade, at present £l2o a mouth ; could be inereased.—Apply to E. H . and H. J. 17, Southampton-st.., Bloomsbury Square, London. AXTEST DEREY-ROAD.—Good Free BEER and WINE HOUSE, old-established, respectable trade. Only V V E4s.—Apuly B. C. ANDEirrox, Dale-at., Liverpool.

CRITBRION, 83, Church•st., will be Let, on exceed- ingly easy terms, to a suitable tenant. Large trade. Best position for restaairant and spirit vaults in Liverpool.— Apply B. C. ANDERTON, 101, Dale-at., Liverpool.

- I IBNTRAL —Very old-established Free Fl OTEL and SPIRIT VAULTS. Same tenancy over 60 years. Sm erior trade. Ingoing furniture, fixtures, Ite ,as a going concern, £66o.—Apply ANDERTON, 101, Dale-s;., Liverpool. • -----

910 BB SOLD. the Tenant's Interest in the Gooowill, 1 Fixtures, Stc.. of that old established and well-known Licensed HOUSB, We.t Derby Hotel, situate in the centre of that great pleasure r,sort, West Derby.—Apply B. C. ANDKIITON, 101, Dale-st., Liverpool.

liatstritantous.

ASTROLOGY.—Your horoscope forecast. Send name in full, data of birth, and 2s.—Address PAUL RENWICK, Wol.eley Bridge, Stafford. Mention this paper.

,URB INDIA.PI TBA AT lelltST COST.

LADIES.—A Message for You! ! ! In ail cases of Irregularities and Obstruction., however obstinate and long standing. try the MIRAUULOUS and never-fai ing Remedy.known all over the world as DAsMAIL'S SP SCIPIO. Thousands of testimonials testifying to the Wonderful sees that have been relieved by this UNW,IUALLED and MOST POWERFUL MEDICINE. A Lady writes : -:** Your sledicine is truly wondertul. My case was a teorfiitiy obsti- nate one." Most reliable information and copies of testi- monials (which are guaranteed genuine under a penalty of £100) upon receipt ot stampedenvelope to A. DASNI Al L, 376 Langdale, Walthamstow.Established nearly 50 years. x

SORE EYES SKIN DISEASES! BAD LEGS! WESLEY'S OINTMENT is warranted to cure Bad Legs, Bad Breasts. Ulgrs, Burns, Scalds, Boils Rheumatic rains, Sore Byes, and OR Skin Diseases, causing the skin to become beautifully clear and healthy. Get a pot and test its great and manifold virtues. Many cases have been cured when the doctors have failed. Sent post free tor 14 stamps, from HOLDROYD'S DRUG STORES, Cleck- heaton, Yorks.

1.11101011 SOLID GOLD 13111,CSLUTS. from 123. 6d. up- .J. wards, .

SOLID GOLD BREAST PINS, from 2e 6d,

SPECIAL VALUE IN LADIES' ALBERTS.

WEDDING RINGS. WEDDING RINGS. LUCKY GUINEA GOLD. FromiBs 6d to 60s. Half-dozen Spoons given with each ring. Write tor size card, free. DAVIES, 30, LOWRILL, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER SATURDAY, JANUARY a 1896

===== 0002601_18960111_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
;,(IftiortUantou4.

1) HEUMATIC EMBROCATION. Recipe for same sent It post free. 8 stmaps.—Nr. Lexci, care of Mr. HEAL, Salisbury-road, Cardiff.

Oat rtmonp.

CHRISTMAS ONCE AGAIN. TOYS TOYS! ! TOYS !! ! DOLLS! DOLLS !I DOLLS!

W• P. & W• SKELTON LTD HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

HAVE DECIDED TO OPEN TEMPORARILY

SATURDAY, MONDAY & TUESDAY NEXT,

===== 0002601_18960111_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
WITH A FINE SELECTION OF

CHRISTMAS GOODS.

fEtontp.

14itu5trai §nstritinents.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATIpN. ----, H

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW

WINTER OVERCOATINGS. Having completed my arragements for the Winter Season, I am now pre- pared to Show a complete New Stock of WINTER OVERCOATINGS and SUITING-S at THREE GUINEAS.

C. SUNDERLAND.

18, NORTII JOHN-STREET. LIVERPOOL,

Oales bp 2turtton.

Biarinnerp, &r., 611 pate,

7Libr:gl9tork, scr.

IPottls, BoacTiimi Cotabs.

RUPTURE. UNPARALLELED SUCCESS IN THE TREATMENT OF RUPTURE BY S. J. SHERMAN. HERNIA SPECIALIST. 64, CHANCERY-LANE, LONDON. Write for bis new book of full information. 'lid, post free.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
IVIISCELLANEOUS JOB LOTS.

woRSLEY'S BIG SALE.

This is the cream de la cream for ba,gains. Odd Dining-room Furniture: at 208 to £5. Drawing-room suivl„ at £3 to £5 Bedroom Suites, at 35s to £7. Couches in Or Solid Mahogany, 15s t 0.22. Sofas, 2 s to £.3, Sideboarl 25s to £5. A lot of Hair-seated Chairs, tts Bd. A lot Kitchen Chairs, is 6d: each. A lot of Cain Chairs, is each. 4 rot of Dressers, from 15s to £2 108. A lot of Solid Mahogs% and Walnut High Carved Back Dressers., with wood bac", and sideborrd backs+. from £3 10a +o £lO splendid value. f; iob lot of Overmantels, trom 10s to 203. A lob lot of Artic!es at half price, OARPETS, NEW AND SECOND-HAI49' wORSLETS BIG SALE.

Hundreds of Second-hand Carphs, from 103. to Hundreds of New Carpet Squares, all sizes. in Tapest. 153. ;in Brussels, from 18s. ; in Velvet Pile, from 201.,; Axminster, ftorn £2l s. All greatly rearmed. New Tario, try, over 2130 rolls, from 91d.; 300 rolls oi Brussels, froul , per yard ; I,CO rolls of Velvet Pile-and Axminster from, 2s. thi per yard. Rags in countless variety, from is. 64. , Rugs, from ss. 6d. Tapestry sad Chenille Curtains. frn, 53. 6d. Lace Curtains, from is. 6d, Blankets, Sheets. Counterpanes at giving away prices.

FFIC E FU RN ITUIt4.

ORSL ET S BIG SALE.

All the Office Furniture to be cleared at batf-price. vur 11. WORSLEY, T E PA/M:13016 V V • GAYTHORN, MANCIIESTER. _

_ CLOSE TO CENTRAL STATION. HOURS OF BUSINESS. a TO 1 EVHEX PO'

•

rraril

will be• freeb pf rill be t our until

L view. 5, £3O. 5. £2O, mpact, kly to at Of t free. 5 per

the re- ible to ,o The trnish- at yen Come

planes nigbtl belovr ) clear. mit the price& £2 t° !ollard, nd for all tbe

- auto ~ns irpri

h01555j 15 051: e bar, Tbe/ 0/2 quit £3 I°. oy is 60 Chins'

.litte^" sona !d A 10 Spring noneY• prices. priCee• luctiels Jere for vliat "

heater. re ure•to• droo_sl at go* drooo hi bOl rtulll- Tool bp 01 Suite. Id eler Wall" inding• 205 •te th our lecopir inging aoneY• and 111

coo*. , Taper; , --- 0,„10 4 f 4, A 134

===== 0002601_18960111_art0039.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
lee ( -net

a

===== 0002601_18960111_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
the defeat of JAMESON was made known bet startled and angered the people of this country. It seemed to imply that in the opinion of the li.usEß President KRUGER might at any time call upon Germany to assist higi in raaaintaining the independence of the Transvaal. It was there- fore a clear disregard of a part of the Convention of 1884 which provides that the Boer Government shall enter into no relations with foreign powers except with the consent of the British Crown. The seriousness of this message from the German autocrat has not been lessened by further infor- mation. The E APEROR, it appears, not only sent a telegram but had resolved upon landing German marines at Delagoa Bay and sending them on the Pretoria, and had actuallimade an application to the Portuguese Government for authority to send these troops across Portuguese territory. Had the EMPEROR carried out this design it practically would have been an act of hostility against this country and there:can be no doubt that it would have been resented as such. The land- ing cf these marines was, fortunately, counter- manded, but the sudden display of German ill- fe3ling has not been lost either upon the people or the Government of this country. There is a very perceptible stiffening against all foreign demands from whatever quarter they may come, and the strengthening of the fleet is an unmistakeable in- timation that the Government thinks itadvi sable to be prepared for even the most serious em3r- gency.

TUE GREATEST SALE ON EART 11

EXTENSION OF PRP:NI ISES. Have secured 19 and 21, Hilton-st,.. which will adjoin and communicate with 44, Oldilam-st. MARVELLOUS OPPORTUNITY. • MAGNIFICENT B ARGAINS.

TLIE SALE

Bnsil 0 N'S ‘3l UNIVFRSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, OLDHAM- gTREET (next to the Adelphi Bank), WANCIIEsTER.

-QUPERIOR SECOND-HAND FURNITURE, by all the noted and very best makers, removed from halls, man- sions, hotels, offices, private houees of every description, and which undergo a thorough examination and ate placed in condition equal to new. I may here r: mark that the stock 1 offer 5s considerabiy larger th n at any other house in the city, and is not being placed in the market because it is soiled or damaged in any manner; but am tile, sed to state that in •consequence of GI, great increase in my trade, and the large number of orders I have to deliver every week, I find it ab- solutely necessary and thecelore desided to make extensive alterations which willincur an outlay of some hundreds of pounds. And have arranged with the ziontractors to clear the showrooms previous to the wirkmen commencing opera- tions, and in order to do so I haNn decided to give my cus- tomers the benefit of the enormous re luctions rather than store. the stook, wlich embraces furniture of every descrip- tion ; in felt, such an assortment of bedroom suites, dining- room stikes, drrwing-rootn suites, office furniture, bookcases. desks, sideooards, dinner waggons. cabinets, overmantels, davenports, card, work and fancy tables, carpets, rugs, bed- steads, bedding, ferver, pianos, and every article for com- pletely furpiOling the mansion or cottage. Can nowhere Ue seen except at GERSHON'S Uniyorsal Furnishing Arcade, 44, Oldham-st, In fact, when the alterations are completed. which will consist ot _ _

_ NEW OFFIOES, NEW COUNTING HOUSE, NEW DINING SALOON for the employes, 11AW REFRESIIMRST•ROOM for convenienze of customers

NEW CARPET SALOON, NEW SHOWIIOMS ; And Other internal Alferatione, all lo :al and outside shops

LAST week we commented upon The Venezuela the apparent tendency to belittle Dispute. the importance of the points at issue between this country and the Unit:d Stat- -; during the present week tilere has been a decided change in that respect. It now seems to be recognised on every hand that this boundary dis- pute is not going to settle itself and that the sooner it is seriously faced the better it will be if it is to be settled by peaceful methods. Tnere .an be no doubt that feelings are being aroused on both sides of the Atlantic which tell distinctly against a peaceful result. Newspaper correspond- ents upon the other side report a recrudescence of the " jingo " spirit, and certainly no one can say that the events of the last few days have not created very decided symptoms of the "war fever" on this side of the Atlantic. So far as this coun- try is concerned the hot feelings that have been aroused have, as yet, been directed againit the interference of the impulsive Kaiser. But warlike passions are undiscriminating. A. casual incident or unhappy accident might at any time suddenly excite public animosities to such an extent that the task of peacemakers would be rendered hopeless. This is an almost inev it able result of the course taken by President CLEVELAND. The references he made to this country in his Message were decidedly unconciliatory and it may oven be said unfriendly. The Commission he has appointed is, occording to his own declaration;_to decide the question of peace or war. If we are to take the literal meaning of his words it is now not evea a question of arbitration. The Commission has been appointed to define the frontier of British Guiana and Great British is to be asked to accept this frontier or to enter upon a war with the United States. If Mr. CLEVELAND thought that such a Commission as this could carry out a prolonged inquiry without the relations between the two great communities that will be affected by its decision being in the meantime ruffled he must have an extremely meagre knowledge of huma n nature. As a matter of fact, although the Com- mission has not yet taken even a scrap of evidence the tension is already percep- tibly greater, and there are voices raised both here and in America warning us against allowing matters to drift any longer. There are several methods suggested by which the dispute might be ended. One is that England should recognise the Commission by appointing a similar Commission with a foreign Commissioner to give the casting vote. Another is that there should be a permanent Court of Arbitration estab- lished before which this Venezuela dispute and all other disputes between the two countries could be sent for settlement. There are other proposals for securing the same end but these appear to be the two most important. Whether any one of them will be accepted remains to be seen, but that there is imminent danger in a policy of " drift is uite evident.

will sink to insignificance

TRH following will convey but a faint idea of the Mar- vellous Bargains on v ew, any of which may he stored free of charge till requirPd. _TERMS 4 .F BUSINESS DURING THE SNLE.

GOODS EXCHANGED IF NOT SATISFACTORY. EXIERIENCED MEN SENT TO FIX AND FIT UP. GOODS PACKED AND DELIVERED FREE'. CARPETS MADE FREE. LOCK-UP STORE ROOMS FoR CONVENIENCE OF CUSTOMERS.

and, lastly, if you purebase.on my D,ferred Payment System

I Charge a :-;imple Five per Cent Ex-tia. Every customer attend,n to by a mem her of the tirrn, which Prevents the annoyance of a ,alesmatt who charges high prices in order to make a big commission. Bankere—Man&ester Joint-Stock Bank. Telegrams—" Univeral," Manchester.

DURING the Sale, Mpgiiificent Solid Oak DINING- ROOM SUITE. comprising a grand couch, two noble easy chairs, and six superior spoon-back chairs, all in splendid cond tion, not soled; originally cos.. £55, sale price 9gi. Grand Sideboard ti match, 7g,5., worth £4O; Dining Table "to match. 635. In addition to above, we have a truly magnificent Col- lection of Dining-room Suites, ove, 200, with Sideboards, Vning Tables, and Overmantels to match. An inspection will prove the fact that nowhere can such an assortment be -seen except at GERSHON'S, the Universal Furnishing Arcade, 44, Oldham-sttect, next to the Adelphi Bank, Man- ehester. Note.—The above may be had on my deferred payment St n for a simile five per c-nt extra added to invoice. ; PICIAL ATTENTION to Lot 166', which is in Pollard Oak and without a doubt the best and handsomest lct in ManThester. The Sidebo trel. which is 7:t. long and very lofty, can orny be described as simply magnificent and the moat unique in design we have ever seen. The Suite of 12 small chairs (may be had with a less number), two large Lounge Chai.s, and large Couch. are all stuffed with hair and 'Coven din morocco leather, guaranteed. The Dining-table, on Carved supports, is veey h indsome, having a number of loose leaves. We offer the lot for .45gs. ; cost over £4O. We 'nay state that sgs. each will be allor eel for any of the small Chairs not required. We wish to impress upon the public . that every lot advertised is on our premises and hundreds of Others. Remember address, GERSHON'S Old-established Universal Furnishing Arcade, 44, Oldham-street (next to the Adelphi Bank), Manchester. Note.—lf on the deferred payment system only five per cent. extra added to invoice.

LOT 237 is in Oriental Saddle Bags, carved walnut frames. consisting of half-dozen small chairs, two easy chtirs, and couch; trier £25, redne3ci for the sale to £9 155., Side board to mat 311, with b,veltild-Oass back, a pertect beauty ; sate pcice, £3 155.. usual price 12gs. Dining Table, 38s. fid. Three other Suites in Sadctle Rigs, real Persian, everlasting ware, splendid patterns, among which is a water lily, mo.:: charming and pleasing ; the wood work in these suites is American walnut, brown oak, an" mahogany, and the prices are 18, 25, and 33gs. ; thy each cost *AO, £l5, and £25 a suite more, Sideboards Tables, and Overmantels to match, all on view in our showroom 3. Hundreds of other Suites on vievi• Call add inwirct tor yourselves ; you will not les un- duly pressed to bit%•. We have no salesmen or walking gen- tlemen who work- for a commission. Every customer is attended to by a inember of the, firm at GERSHON'S Univer- sal Furnishing Arcade, 44, Oldham-street (next to Adelphi Bank), Manchester. Note.—lf on the deferred payment system only five per cent, extra added to invoice.

I 01'97 is a Charming DliilNC-lioo3l SUITE, in embossea I_,l le her, ~cry handsome end stylish, frame work beauti- fully carved; the six s, ndard chairs have padded backs, the two ea 'y chai-s are large and comforiable, and the couch is most lo.::uriously upholstered. This suite jamn solid American walnul,wood add is suitable for high-class dining-rO6m. Usual price, 255. ; sale Trice. Rigs. Another Suite, in Solid Mahogany, in good hard grain leather, Crornwellian style ; sound in every respect; not soiled. Recently been recovered. A marvel of cheapness ; only 9gs. Another in Walnut, covered in leather, reduced to sgs. Sideboard, to match, 42%. ; table, 21s. nese bargains are on offer during the sale and before alterations are commenced. Inspection invited.

SWEEPING P E DUCTIONS. MUST CLEAR PREVIOUS TO ALTERATIONS. LOT 51 is a BEDROOM SUITE. Those wishing to furnish a bedroom in high-class style and good taste should Inspect it, for style, workmanship, and design it cannot be equalled, the massive large size waedrobe with two bevelled 14.465 doors of rare brilliancy' reaching from plinth to cornice ; the full-size pedestal dressing toble, double washstand to _.__.2trtteb, pedestal bedside mob° :rd, towel airer, and three 'ital. re, the whole are in rosewood.richly inlaid with tulip, 00g, olive, and other rare woods. The cost of this noble Suite 318 £lOO. bale price 55gs. Another Suite in walnut cost .425 for 60gs , end another in Spanish mallog.my cost £55 for "ECB. which Special attention is requested to Lots 6,7, 8 and 9, each " ere Suites in walnut, silver bitch, mahogany, and ash, Sulte has a large wardrobe, with Levelled glass door: dreasing table with large la yelled glass attached, is3sPll);arte bY carved brackets reLt'agon raised jewel drawers; ,idinatrarwb,:eorasfioarbm, stilae bchestahenottd drawers, being enclosed by four the largew 1 stand is also enclosed, and has a Otte are guaranteed solid, nal, pedestal bedside side et venloledvselinaeNe'irng gelasgs above, tlwel price, 151-gs igboard, ard three chairs. These invited. 2 An. yOotfhtehresaubit:s smaller from £4 15s, Inspection required. ye may be stored free of ch•lrge till

GIieRSHON'S NOTED UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, OLDHAM-STREET (Next, to Adelphi Bank). MANCHESTER. Note.—lf on the deferred payment system only 5 per cent, extra added to invoice.

MUST CLEAR for the Contractors. Such a chance seldom occurs.

STUP ENDOUS BARGAIN.

We now enter the Miscellaneous Department. Here we tan inspect a splendid assorument of second-hand hair-seated furniture. A first class solid mahogany sofa 50s„ cost per- haps £5 ; another less in size 38s. Spanish Mahogany couch. In hair seating, 475. ; ditto 635.. cost £6. Very fine sol:d Spanish mAliogany sofa, very heacy and massive, b.an re- upholstere ; cost wh: n new £6. for four guineas. Others in American feather from 16s. Now we see over 50 paira ea TV chairs in stock. Several gents' easy chairs at 15s. each, raahoga ly easy chair, in hair. f3r 288.. cost 60s. Superior pair of Cromwell easy chairs, large and massive, cost £3, for four guineas the pair. Nothing betuer can be made. Lady's rocking chair, in hair, 28s. A very large quantity m hal:- seated chairs from ss. each to 245. each. An enormous stock of kitchen furnitmc is here displayed at marvellously low Prices. For an instance. strong kitchen chairs 2s. each,kitchen tables from 6s, 6d. each ; grind Spanish mahogany, dresser, en. r high carved back, cost £l4, for 6 guineas ; another, cost another, guineas • painted dresser, with thick top, 28s. ; ' very handsome high back, 60s. ; and others at all prices at

GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, OL DHAM-S

MANCHESTER. (Next to the Adelphi Bank.)

Tu E GREATEsT SALE ON EARTH DON'T MISS IT. Marvellous Complete zu House of Furniture for 24 guineas, Five per Cent. Extra on Y Deferred Payment System. CALL 4N13 SEE IT. All Comp( titors stagger. Head it. See it.

NUMBER 1, is the marvellous complete House of Furniture, which includes dining-room. bedroom. . kitchen. all bedding, blank.ts sheets, pillow-cases carpets, floorcloths, fenders, tea and breakfast set curtains, and ev-erything to make a nice home. Every article is guaranteed Othets advertimed a so-called house of furniture tor a trifle less, I contend this lot is hone. tly worth £lO more than those advertised by others. my price for the complete house is 24 guineas, or five p sr cent extra for credit—whicti means 255. more. You need n tbe afraid to call and inspect them. If don' t purchas 3. they are not what you want,

GERSHON, next to the ADELPHL BANK, 44,

CAREFFL ,SECO.ND-lIAND FUINITURv;is bPing nrivertiqel, soLndCOMMON NEW LONDON RUBBISH IS BEING ~GENUINE SECOND-HAND. NO NONSENSE.

0 COUNTRY CUSTOM ERS.-1. CONTINUE TO PAY CARRIAGE ON ALL ORDERS. RNITURE TARN IN EXCHANGE OR PURCHASED

Nt•T', ADDIM ;S— -GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISIIING AR- CADE is next to the Adelphi Bank. 44. OLDHAM-8181MT, MANCIIIISTER.

ALWAIS USE Alic DOUGATAIS PATENT SELFR -B,ISINC, FLOUR IT IS THE EEST THE EXAMINER SATUR \Y. JANUARY 11. 1896.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX A_MINER.

SATURDAY, January 11th, 1896.

SINCE the opening of the • year South African events of a sensational character TroublEs. have succeeded each other with startling rapidity in South Africa and elsewhere. The singularly rash and ill-advised freebooting raid. of Dr. JAMESON into the Transvaal, came, as everybody now knows, to a disastrous end. The information which has come to hand piecemeal during, the present week all goes to show that JAMESON and his followers were out-manoeuvred and out-numbered by the Boers. President KRUGER had evidently been much batter informed of the intended raid than was expected, as he had succeeded in establishing a well-armed force of two thousand men .between Johannesburg and the invading party. Under these circumstances the defeat of the Chartered Company's party was almost inevitable. When JAMESON reached the Boer position his horses were tired out and his men were without provisions. He nevertheless fought desperately for several hours in his endeavours to break through the op- posing lines, but in the end, after using up all his ammunition and losing heavily in killed and , wounded, his only choice lay between uncondi- tional surrender and the total annihilation of his force. The Boers,it must be admitted, have acted with prudence and magnanimity. The prisoners, who numbered between five and six hundrod,were taken to Pretori, the capital of the Transvaal,but were subjected to no indignity or outracte, while the wounded received every possible attention near the scene of the battle. Later on, it was announced that, as a re3ult of ne- gotiations carried on by Sir. HEneuLEs ROBINSON, the chief British representative in South Africa, the Boers had decided to hand over the whole of the prisoners, including Dr. JAMESON, to the British Government to be dealt with by them in accordance with the nature of their offence. This act of generous policy on the part of the Transvaal authorities will, it is needless to powerfuletffh Africa. Had he ectinclearing the troubled bill eadv eatamvoesrpyhe of son re lßeoweerrsedaesatlitlehyarmshigly w hteaitahilyJlAlamvEesodNeneand hisunde fol r the- sinpvuareoiefnthenifr fitrshetirrescennutnniternyt, atthetrleie cuainijushteitilaibullee doubt that the results so far as SJuth Africa was concerned would have been in the highest de- gree disastrous. . Probably not even the prompt- est and most decisive use of all the powers at the disposal of the imperial authorities at the Cape would have prevented the outbreak of a racial war through which both Dutch and British would have seriously suffered, but especially the Dutch. As it is the Boers have" heaped coals of fire" upon the heads of their enemies and detrac- tors. They have not only displayed bravery in the field but they have also skown humanity and wisdom in their subsequent policy. Sa far as they are cpncerned it might probably be said that the South African " crisis " is at an end, but un- fortunately much larger issues have ben raised .by the ill-starred invasion of the Transvaal. The 1 telegram of congratulation which the EMPEROR of GERENY despatched to Piesident KRUGER after

===== 0002601_18960111_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
now qi

The town of Johannesburg which is the centre of so much interest at the present time is very appro- priately described as the "New Eldorado." It may also be described as the Chicago of South Africa. In 1886 the site on which it stands was not hing more nor less that bare veldt (like an American prairie) with perhaps a few Kaffir Kraals and a Boer's farm or two in sight." Now it is" a city of five broad streets and finer buildings—a city of elec- tric light and tramways, of hotels, clubs, restaur- ants, theatres, music-halls,cricket and polo grounds, and two race-courses—a city with a population of 611,000 souls, three daily and three weekly news- papers, only 49 hours from Cape Town and only 450 hours from London." It is said that in the city itself land fetches about as much per foot as it does in London, and fabulous sums are extracted from the gold mines iethe neighbourhood.

The Vienna correspondent of the London "Daily Chronicle" tells of some wonderful discoveries in photography which, it is claimed, have been made by a Professor Routgen of Wurzburg. This gentle- man we are told, can do more than "look you through and through—he can picture your very skeleton." Flesh and blood are no barriers to the lens of his camera. He can picture instead of probe for a bullet that has entered, and show on a gla"ss plate the "mischief it has done to the bony structure." It is, furthermore, stated that this Professor of Wurzburg can photograph metals when they are covered with wood, and, to cap all, he can do all these things when a cover is put over the lens. It is a wonderful story, but as a commenta- tor upon these reputed discoveries has said—" see- ing is believing."- Professor Routgeu must come forward and convince a sceptical generation.

Se TuE. n 1 1.4 Fort nit t is) e' Th annual C HmEe Chester Farmers'l3. Club was held at the Hop Pole Hotel Warrington on Saturday afternoon, Mr. John Cooke (Tattenliltll), presiding. Mr. C. W. Dutton (hon. secretary) reported that, the accounts of the club showed an increase of about £3O on the year, but they had to provide for a special contingency, which would practically exhaust the surplus. On the proposition of Mr. T. J. Dutton; seconded by Mr. Mountfield (Kelsall), Mr. Walter Harrison (New Pole, Frods- ham), one of the retiring vice-presidents, was unanimously elected president in succession to Mr. Cooke. For the two vice-presidentships Messrs. William Parker (Pigeon House, Handley) and W. W. Bower (Nianor Farm, Hawarden) were unani- mously elected, but the, latter declined to serve. Most of the members of the committee were re-elected, with the following additioio :—Messrs. William Parker, Stamney ; Joseph Hall, Kingswood,. near Frodsham ; Robert Wade, Acton Grange, near Warrington ; and George Williams, Saltney. Mr. Charles W. Dutton was unanimously re-sppointed hon. secretary and treasurer; and votes of thanks to the retiring president and secretary were unani- mously accorded. Messrs. J. Roberts and NV. Fryer were appointed deputies to the Central Chambwr of Agriculture. Tne Secretary announced that the ommittee had enzaged a club house from Oxford, r £350 per annum.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

THE TESTIMONAL TO SUPERINTENDENT ATHERTON. As will be seen from an advertisement in another column, there will be a presentation to ex-superintend- ent Atherton in the Council Chamber at the Town Elan,

on Monday evening. DRUNKENNESS. At Runcorn Police Court oa Friday, before Messrs. E. Imison and F. J. Norman, a charge of being drunk and disorderly in High-st., on the previous night, was pre- ferred against James McGuire. The case was proved by Constable Butler, and a fine of 53. and costs was im-

_ posed. WILLIAMS DEACON AND MANCHESTRK AND SALFORD BANK, LIMITED. The directors of this bank,a branch of which is estab- lished in Runcorn, have declared a dividend for the half

year ended 31st of December last of 10s. per share,lseing at the rare of 12k per cent. per annum ; th.y have also added £20,000 to reserve fund and £5.000 to buildings depreciation fund, carrying forward £14,358.. WESLEYAN SEWING MEETINGS. The New Year's tea in connection with the Runcorn Wesleyan Circuit Sewing meeting was given by Mrs. F. J. Norman in Brunswick-street schoolroom on Monday and was very numerously attended. The hostess had distributed a large number of invitations to the poorer members of the church and congregation. The first tea meeting of the year in connection with Halton-road Wes- leyan sewing meeting was given by Mrs. Graham when there waQ an encouraging attendance, ACCIDENT AT THE LOCKS. On Thursday afternoon, about three o'clock, a lad seven years of age named John Henry Leyland, son of John Leyland, captain of the boat Ohio, and residing at 18, Porter-street, Runcorn, met with a serious accident at Runcorn locks. Be was standing by one of the stumps I at a lock when he was crushed between it and the arm of a lock gate. The lad was carried to Dr. McDougall's surgery where he was examined, and it is thought he has sustained serious internal injuries. ST. PAUL'S WRSLEYAN CHOIR. The annual business meeting in connection with this choir was held on Wednesday evening. Mr. John Birkett presided and there was a good attendance. Mr. G. H. Kirkham submitted the balance sheet which showed that after meeting all liabilities there was a balance in hand. The election of officers was then proceeded with. Mr. Morris was re-appointed choirmaster. It was decided to have a deputy-choirmaster. and Mr. B. Crosby was elected to this position. Mr. T. Burrows was re-elected treasurer, and Mr. G. H. Kirkham, secretary. A com- mittee consisting of Messrs. J. Birkett, Hugh Hughes, Miss Crosby and Miss Jones was also appointed. For NAMR BROOCHES, solid silver name broaches 100. (any name) Government stamped. Presents or MAniclesl.for yourself, yeu may visit DEBERT'S, 10. CHURCH-STREIM LIVERPOOL, where lye" can get hundreds of articles such as Watches, Clocks, Jewellery, Electro-Plate, Cutlery. Purses, Pocket Knives, etc., at wholesale prices. See advertisement (Illustrated Chron- grar.'" Watch, 63. 11d.. ete.), on page 7 ef this Paper. -Advt. SOCIAL GATHERING AT HOLY TRINITY SCHOOLS. On Wednesday evening a successful social gathering was held in Trinity schoolroom. Mr. Charles Ttmmins occupied the chair and there was a large attendance. A most interesting programme was gone through. Miss limmins cleverly perfcrmed a pianoforte solo, and a quartette party consisting of Messrs. W. E. Lancaster, T. Fox, D. Hanlon, and J. T. Nickson contributed a couple of glees. Songs were well rendered by Miss May Timmins, Mr. D. Hanlon, Mr. C. Atherton, Miss Turner. Miss A. Johnson, Mr. A. Worrall, Mr. W. Malings, and Mr. T. Fox. A duet was also given by Messrs. Hanlon and Fox. During the evening refreshments were served, and some_time was spent in a convivial manner.

RUNCORN CYCLE CLUB.—ANNUAL MEETING. At the Brunner Guild Hall on Wednesday evening, the annual meeting of the members of the Runcorn Cycle Club was held. There was a good attendance, an the proceedings were presided over by Mr. James Taylor. Prior to commencing the routine business a discussion was raised as to the advisability of changing the head- quarters of the club to a more central position, and it was ultimately decided to fix upon the cafe, Bridge- street. Mr. W. H. Mack, the secretary, submitted the annual report showing that the club was making pro- gress with every prospect of increased success,as a num- ber of cyclists who had come into the town had promised support. The runs had been well attended. especially the Wednesday section owing to the fine weather with which they had been favoured. Mr. Craw- ford presented the financial statement showing that after meeting all liabilities there was a small balance in hand. The election of officers was then proceeded with. Mr. S. Taylor, J.P., C.C., was re-elected president; Mr. W. M. Mack secretary ; Mr. W. Grounds assistant sec. ; Mr. J. H. Taylor treasurer; Messrs. Lawson and Stubbs captain and sub-cantain of the Saturday runs; and G. Whinyates and W.Rushton in the same capacities for the Wednesday runs. The committee was elected as fol- lows :—Messrs. Mundy, Le Couteur, Crawford, T,C. Williams, Hancock, Withington, Webster, A. Grounds, and Hill. This concluded the business. BETHESDA CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. The annual members' tea meeting in connection with this church was held on Wednesday evening, and was well attended. The Rev. J. Simpson (pastor) presided ot the meeting,and in the course of a brief address, re- viewed the work of the past year which he considered was very satisfactory. They continued to make pro- gress and the future was full of encouragement. He alluded in feeling terms to the loss the church had sus- tained during the year by the death of Mr. Thomas Handley,and Mr. W. H. Chadwick. The Sunday school report was presented by Mr. H. Chadwick,the secretary, and was considered satisfactory. Mr. W. Lacy also presented a hopeful report regarding St. Luke's. The Chairman referred to the Literary and Social , Class being productive of much good in giving a mental stimulus to the young men and young wimen attending it, and also giving guidance for their selection of books. The children's class which he also conducted continued to be largely attended. The trea- surer's report, presented by Mr. W. H. Chadwick, was thought to be very satisfactory considering the com- mercial depression which had prevailed in the town thrsaighout the year. The choirmaster, Mr. C. Le Cou- teur, read the report respecting the choir, in which reference was made to the good work the members were doing and to the interest taken by them in the musical portion of the service. In appreciation of Mr. Le Cou- teur's services, an honorarium was voted to him. PLEASANT SATURDAY EVENINGS.

Another of the pleasant Saturday evenings provided under the auspices of the Runcorn Women's Temperaece Asseciation was held in the Brunner Guild Hall. Mr. James Richardson presided, and there was a larger atten- dance than at the previous gatherings. Mr. Hulse re- cited "The Fireman's Wedding," and he was accorded a hearty encore; Miss M. Heatherington gave a pleasing rendering of "Laddie," after which Mr. J. Littler recited "Ask Mamma," Miss Leathwood and Mr. Johnson hav- ing interpreted songs, Mr. Morris sang "True till death," fur which he gained an encore, and responded with the " Village Blacksmith." Miss Davies gave" The News- boy's Death," which was succeeded by a duet by Miss Hayes and Mr. Charleston. The latter also contributed a song. Coffee and buns were dispensed, and an enjoy- able evening closed with the singing of the Doxology. RUNCORN WESLEYAN CIRCUIT.—QUARTERLY MEETING. This quarterly meeting was held in Brunswick vestry, under the presidency of the Rev. T. Brackenbury and there was a good representative attendance. The Chair- man was supported by the Revs. W.George ad C de P. Glidden. Tea was partaken of, the ladies presiding at the tables being Mrs. Brackenburv, Mrs. George, Mrs. Rawlinson, and Mrs. F. J. Norman. The circuit stewards, Messrs. Rawlinson and F. J. Norman, J.P., prosented their financial statement, which was con- sidered very satisfactcry. The Chairman submitted the numerical statement showing an increase of membership during the three months. The Chairman referred to the good work being done by "Sister Annie" in the Westen and Weston Point districts after which the meeting de- cided that her services should be continued until atter the ensuing Conference. The officers were thanked for their services during the past year, and they were re- elected to their positions, ai follows :—Mr. Rawlinson, senior circuit steward ;Mr. F. J. Normanjunior circuit steward ; Mr. Kniveton, chapel secretary ; Mr. A. R. Norman, treasurer te the worn-out ministers' fund •, Mr. J. D. Jones, lay temperance secretary; and Mr. J. M. Frith, secretary of quarterly meeting. RUNCORN TF.CNNICAL INSTITUTE. This institute was well filled on Friday evening by the students and friends when a most successful converse- alone was held. Tnere were also present many members of the Technical Instruction Committee, including the Chairman, Mr. F. Wistvall, and also the teachers of the various classes, and Mr. Marshall (secretary). The institute had been decorated for the occasion, and the entrance hall with its profuse display of bunting pre- sented an attractive appearance. Although the musical Programme was submitted, time was allowed for the inspection of a number of exhibits,and other attractions were provided. The exports which were nicely displayed in three rooms consisted of microscopes, a model of the Ship Canal, hooks on technical instruction, facsimiles of letters of famous persons, pictures, models and apparatus used in the institute and other general cxhihits. A refreshment ujet had been provided by Miss Sneering in the cookery room. A phonograph provided enjoyment to a laree number. At the concert which was held in one of the art rooms, a poop programme was provided. Songs were nicely ren- dKp eni rrneka rl da Inby Smith l i sd, s Fannyae sl . o Jennie of r 1 ievaerSrs.po onLo(liL.n iavkmeerrrp. (oFI Pollardlr o. dsa hn adanlalm)so,r .clovvdna: tributed a reading. The corni.t solo by Mr. R. W. Pierpoint were greatly appreciated, and the same may be said of the violin solos by Mr. R. Elliot Keen,of Man- chester. The programme concluded with a dramatic sketc'a by Mr. Levy, of Liverpool. Mr. William Cooke fulfilled the duties of accompanist. An exhibition of lantern slidee succeeded the concert, including pictures of " Japan—the land of the rising sun." Mr. J. Wild- I isig explained to them. and Me. B. Crosby was the lan- ternist. Dancing was afterwards enraged in, and alto- gether a most enjoyable time was spent.

LAMPS—J. 3 o.l.rland Iroamorvier Narringtou

SYWIN 4 MACHINES, Hand £2 18a.6d. ireadie £1 4. vitt' nlndaome walnut cover.—l. and W. Durrcax 16 sod 18. dankeytt„ Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
POLICE CHANGES.

Amongst the changes which are notified in the Cheshire constabulary, is the removal from Runcorn of Constable Richardson to Norttiwich. His place will be filled by P.C. Carrington, who was formerly at Runcorn.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION TO AN ODDFELLOW.

P. G. Roland Jones, a member of the Loyal William IV. loige of Olifellows' Runcorn,has been the recipient of a splendid certificate from his brethren. The treasurer of the lodge P.P.G.M. Wright made the presentation,and referred to the services of Bro. Jones to the lodge. THE SHIPMENTS OF SALT FROM RUNCORN AND WESTON POINT.

There was a marked decline in the amount of salt shipped from Runcorn and Weston Point during last month. The number of tons shipped from Runcorn, both of white and rocked salts totalled 960 against 5727 in the corresponding month of 1894. From Weston Point there were shipped 801 tons against 2176 in December of the previous year. It will thus be seen that there has been a decrease of over 6,000 tons despatched from this district.

MARINERS' CRITRCH, RUNCORN. Another of the series of concerts was given in this church on Monday evening,when the chair was occupied by Mr.J.D. Williamson. Recitations were given by Miss B. Allan, Mr. and Mrs.Routledge,and a Lancashire read- ing by Miss L. Rutter. Songs were contributed by Miss A. 1111, Miss C. Williamson, Master W. Lunt, and Mr. Smith. A party consisting of Mr. Lunt, Mr.Outhwaite, Misses F. and T. Temp?, and Miss Williqmson also gave glees. Mr. D. Crossley presided at the organ. 'STANLEY IN DARKEST AFRICA."

This was the title of an illuetrated lecture given to the students at the Evening Continuation School in the Board Schools, Greenw 1-road, on Thursday evening. There was a large at ndauce. Mr. J. F. Moulton, the head-master of the ' yh' school, was the lecturer. A number of beautift: views were shown by the aid of the fine lantern in the possession of the Board, illustrating the chief events in Stanley's expedition for the relief of Emin Pasha. Mr. Thomas Bowyer manipulated the lantern.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
MISSIONARY WORK IN INDIA.

On Thursday afternoon, an intezesting address on missionary work in India was delivered in the Seamen's Institute, Runcorn, by Miss Eaton, principal of the high school for English girls at Simla, in the north west province of India, and formerly the head-mistress of the Wallasey and Preston high schools for girls. There was a good attendance. The proceedings were presided over by the Rev. Canon Maitland Wood. Miss Eaton stated that although she was .not directly associated with missionary work she had taken a deep interest in what was being done. She alluded to the Ze,nana work as well as that carried on by males in the schools in the way of religious education. She described the internal working of the Zenana, and stated that there would be the greatest hope for India when England could sent out Christian medical men and women. She also thought the support of orphans who had been practically aban- doned by their parents and who were now being brought up by the missionaries in schools was likely to be a very fruitful source of hope in future because of the influence they would use. Although the Government was doing its best to prevent infanticide it prevailed to a great extent especially as concerned females. Miss Eaton's services were acknowledged on the motion of the Rev. Canon Wood.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
MERSEY MISSION TO SEAMEN,

RUNCORN.

The annual tea meeting in connection with the Runcorn branch of the above-mentioned mission, held on Monday evening in the Seamen's Institute, was the most successful which has been held under these auspices. The attendance at tea was so large as to necessitate a second sitting. The tables were presided over by Mesdames Abel, Whittaker, De Korte' Horsefield, Digges, Shaw, Cook,Mack, Water- worth, Evans, R. Shaw, Lambert (Liverpool), W. Shaw, Misses Hayes ;Frodsham), Heasley. Randles, Owen, Bowyer, and Rosenberg. Whilst the tables were being removed for the after proceedings an adjournment was made to the church, where hymns were sung. In the absence of the Rev. Canon Wood, the Rev. E. Lambert (chaplain of the Mission) presided at the meet- ing, and he was shpported on the platform by the R cv. Alan Williams (chaplain on the training ship Indefatig- able). Mrs. Lambert, Mr. Shaw (missionary of the Run- corn branch), and Miss Hayes (Frodsham), The Chair- man in the course of a few introductory remark& wished all present" A Happy New Year," Referring to the large company present he said the Vicar would have been delighted to have seen such a number of sailors and watermen present. It showed that good work was being done by Mr. Shaw, their Runcorn missionary. That gentleman had a marvellous way of getting so many voluntary helpers to assist him in that greed work. Their first business that evening was to make a presentation to Mr. and Mrs. Allen, now of Earlestown, but who had been labouring in the cause of the Runcorn branch for upwards of fifteen years. He then called upon Mr. William Shaw, one of the workers in the Sunday school, to make the presentation.—ln doing so, Mr. Shaw referred to the great services of both Mr. and Mrs. Allen in connection with their Runcorn branch. The address which had been most artistically prepared state I that the fellow workers of the mission desired on the termination of Mr. and Mrs. Alien's con- nection with them to present that address as an expres- sion of the esteem in which they held them and in recog- nition of their devoted service to their noble cause for so mauy years. The address was signed by Mr. Shaw ;missionary), Mr. William Shaw (teacher of the young men's select class), Mn. Mack (teacher of the first class girls), aril David Price (secretary).—Mr. Allen, in responding, apologised for the absence of his wife who was absent though indisposition, and expressed his gratitude to those who had contributed to the presenta- tion.

The musical portion of the programme was then pro- ceeded with. Songs were given by Miss Fleatherington, Miss Ada Randslls, Mr. Elli4nn,Mr. Woods,Mr. S. Cross; a duet was contributed by Mr. J. Moores and son; and Miss Annie Rogers recited. During an interval the Rev. Alan Williams mada a few appropriate remarks, and proposed a vote of thanks to those who had assisted in providing the tea, and also the woollen goods which were to be presented to the sailors.—Mr. Shaw seconded the vote of thanks, and re- marked that the tea meeting was the most successful which had been held since he had been connected with the mission. He hoped the sailors wfmli make good use of the mufflers and other goods which were to be dis- tributed. _

The Chairman then called upon Miss Hayes to distri- bute the articles. Three cheers were lustily given for the chaplain, and also for Mt . and Mrs. Allen. On Tuesday evening the scholars attending the Sunday school had their annual treat when upwards of 200 sat down to a substantial tea. Their wants were attended to by Mrs. Mack, Mrs. Cook, Mrs. Evans, Mrs. Hurst, Mrs. W. Shaw, jun., Miss Bowyer,Miss Waterwortb,and Miss Owen. After tea a Christmas tree, containing a quantity of useful articles, was stripped and each child received some gift. Mr. Hailwood distributed them. At the close each child received an orange, the gift of Mr. Cook.

THE NEW REGISTEftS FOR NORTH WICH DIVISION.

The new registers for the Northwich division and the township of Runcorn, which in common with those of the whole of the county have just been published by the County Council,are of considerable local interest as bear- ing on the rate of progress in the Parliamentary division or the town of Runcorn. Dealing with the Parliamen- tary register, the new one contains the names of 12,085 electors as against 11,788 for the year 1895, being a net Increase of 297. The following polling districts show a decrease: Davenhani. 3; Halton, 5; Runcorn North, 49 ; and Weaverham. 5. The remainder contain an in- crease : Barnton, 64: Marston, 7 ; Middlewich, 27 ; Northwich (Castle),. 35 ; Northwich (Leftwich), 32 ; Northwich (Witon), 63 ; Runcorn South. 53 ; Weston, 5; Winningtou. 56 ; Winsford (Over). 16 ; and Winsford (Wharton) 3. Aston,which is the smallest polling district in the division and purely agricultural, I:as exactly the same number on the register this year as last. The parochial register for the township cf Runcorn rontains an electorate of 3,635 distributed amongst the six wards into which .Runcorn is divided as follows : Halton Ward Mersey Central „ Bridgewater,, Newtown „ Heath

U

3,635

There are 296 occupation mad ward duplicate :registra- tions so that the net electorate is 3,339. A ceniparison with last year shows that the northern portion—the part lying below the Big Pool and the Bridgewater Canal—has a smaller electorate, while the urper, or southern, part has but correspondingly increased, thus proving what has been too painfully evident that Runcorn, commer- cially. is at a standstill. It it, to he hoped that the long looked for increase in the trades of the district may soon I be an accomplished fact, and continuous and satisfactory I progress again the lot of Runcorn and its surrounding district.

EARLESTOWN PRIMITIVE METHODISTS. In order to assist in the reduction of the debt re- maining on the Primitive Methodist Chapel, the Christian Endeavour Society connected with this place, are giving a concert in the schoolroom on Tuesoay evening next. They have engaged for the occasion Mr. Fred Morgan, of Manchester, who is an elocutionist and humorist of no mean ability, and his engag emett is an assurante of an enjoyable evening. Several other artistes have been engaged and a pleasing entertainment will be the result.

STOVES.—Iron Merchant, GAILAND, Bridge-street

Pk PUBLIM'S LTCENSE ENDORSED AT RUNCORN.

At Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday morning before Mr. James Handley (chairman), and Mr. F. J. Norman, Joseph Smith was summoned for being drunk on his own licensed premises, the Duke of Wellington, Percival-lane, at 12.45 on the 24th December,and further charged with permitting drunkenness at the same time and place ; Hanuah Smith, his wife, was charged with being drunk on the premises ; also Annie Shaw and James Hind, at the same time and place.—Mr. Caldercott, solicitor, Chester, prosecuted, and Mr. A. Browne, solicitor,'War- rington, defended. In opening the case, Mr. Caldercott said the facts were shortly these, and he thought they were very clear indeed in this case. On the day in question, P.C. Gre- gory was returning along the railway siding from Wes- ton to Runcorn. The siding ran near the rear of the Duke of Wellington, and as he was passing he saw Joseph Smith fall down in his yard and commence to vomit. He came to Runcorn and reported what he had seen to Sergeant Lee. They then went, to the house, and found Smith in such a drunken state on the sofa that he could not more. His wife was also drunk and tumbled down in the taproom, -and one of the officers , had to assist her on her legs. The other two defendants were also thero,and were in such a state that not one of them could say a rational word. The woman Shaw told the licensee and his wife that if they, were drunk it did not matter as it was in their own kitchen. The servant said she would take charge of the business, and the ser- geant instrudted her not to supply any of those in the kitchen with any more drink. Later in the day Inspec- tor Hicks went with Sergeant Lee and found almost the same state of things. Smith was then in such a drunken state that he did not know what he was doing. The tap-room floor was covered with wet, and the attention of the servant was called to it and she admitted that it was in a very dirty state indeed. Mr. Browne said that before the case was further pro- ceeded with, he wished to raise the point whether ad- mitting that Mrs. Smith was drunk the licensee could be proceeded against for permitting drunkenness. The Clerk said he thought the same law would apply as in the case of anyone else. P.C. Gregory then gave evidence in support of the above statemcnt.—Mr. Browne (in cross-examination) : Do you know that Mr. Smith has a drunken wife ? I know they are both drunken.—Do you know that when she gets drunk she is sent off to bed at once? Ye-,and they do the same with her husband.—Mr. Browne re- monstrated with the witness for not answering the ques- tions properly, and stated that he was not going to say that Mrs. Smith was sober; he could not.. . .

- Sergeant Lee corroborated the previous witness's statement regarding his first visit to the house. Inspector Hicics also gave evinence as to what he saw on his visit when accompanied by Sergeant Lee, and bore out that officer's statement. The taproom was in one of the filthiest conditions he had ever seen in his life.

.._ _ For the defence, Mr. Browne said he had made a sug- gestion, but it appeared that the superintendent was not allowed any discretion. It would have materially shortened the case. He was not going to say that the evidece regarding Mrs. Smith was untrue after the evidence of P.C. Gregory and the other two officers. With regard to that fact he would like to say that Mr. Smith had unfortunately a drunken wife, and that she had carried on this drinking business until he was sickened and tired of it. Those proceedings had re- sulted in consequence of her condition and he was not going to deny it. He had suggested that the case should be allowed to stand there, and the decision left with the magistrates as to whether they considered it was permit- ting drunkenness. With regard to Annie Shaw she had not been in the house more than two or three minutes when the officers came. She had come for eggs which Smith's sold, and not for drink. It was quite true that she said " Never mind you are in your own kitchen," to Mr. Smith, but those were not the words of a drunken woman. He suggested that it was a private kitchen,and that the licensee had a perfect right to invite anyone into it. With regard to Hind he came into the house by the back kitchen to see about a tontine club which was in connection with the house, and the police never spake to him. He had had no drink in the kitchen, and only ore pint earlier in the day. He would ask his friend to accept his suggestion.—Mr. Caldercott said he could not see that a int.n had any right to have his wife drunk on the premises any more than any other person. It was not likely that he was going to withdraw the case and probably be defeated on a point of faw.—Proceeding Mr. Browne said if the magistrates did find that the licensee was drunk. he wished to point out that Smith had been teetotal for seven weeks previously. He had had some friends visiting him but he only took four glasses of beer. He coold not be very drunk and was capab!e of transacting his business and conducted it until eleven o'clock at night. It was Christmas time and he thought some allowance should be made even to publicans. James Hind, porter at the locks, 11, Shaw-st., stated that he was perfectly sober on the day in question. s Alice Molyneux. servant at the Duke of Wellington, stated that Annie Shaw came to the house to see about some new laid eggs. She was not served with drink. Mr. Smith had had some drink but he was not drunk, and transacted his business. He had been sober for seven weeks. In answer to the chairman witness said she was in charge of the bar from seven o'clock in the morning. Qurstioned as to Mrs: Smith being drunk she said that " She was Pretty well on." Hind was crate sober. William Bolton, shopkeeper, Percival-lane, said he visited the Duke of Wellington between 1.30 and 2 o'clock. He had a conversation with Mr. Smith who seemed sober. Walter Anderton said Smith had had a drop of drink but was capable of conducting the business. , Annie Shaw denied that she-was drunk, and contra- dicted the statement that she was at the house later in the afternoon. It was true that she spoke to the officers, but she did not think she was doing anything wrong. James Robinson and George Gilmour spoke to visiting . ._. . .

the house at 5.30 on the night in question. Smith was-, they said, then capable of taking care of his business. The magistrates retired to consider their decision, and after a short deliberation the Chairman said they had given careful consideration to the case, and found that the charges were proved. Joseph Smith would be fined 10s. and costs for being drunk on his licensed premises; Mrs. Smith, his wife, 10s. and Costs; Annie Shaw and James Hind ss. and costs; and with regard to the more serious charge of permitting drunkenness. Smith would be fined 403. and costs and the license would be endorsed. Mr. Caldercott applied for the advocate's fee to be paid by the defendant, and was granted it. A second case against Mr. and Mrs. Smith charging them with being drunk on the licensed premises on the 28th ult. was withdrawn on payment of costs.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF OTARDIANS.

The usual meeting of this Board was held inithe Board- room, Dutton Workhouse, on Tuesday afternoon, when the chair was occupied by Mr. J. W. Knowles. In ad- dition to the members of the Rural Council, there were present the Rev. John Simpson,Mr. S. Taylor, J.P.,C.C., Mr. T. Lea, and Mr. J. Ashton (clerk), Mr. G. Ashton (deputy-clerk), and Mr. Cunnah (workhouse master).

THEATRE ROYAL AND OPERA HOUSE ST. HELENS.

Sole Proprietor an 4 Manager. Also Lessee •of Theatre Royal, Sheffield, and Theatre lioyal, Leicester,

MR. WALLACH REVILL

Acting Manager and Treasurer, MR. RICHARD SOARS.

MONDAY, JANUARY 13T/I, 1896,

AND DURING THE WEEK,

J. W. TURNER'S RENOWNED ENGLISH OPERA COMPANY.

MONDAY, MACFARREN'S ROBIN HOOD

TUESDAY, VERDI'S GRAND TRAGIC OPERA, IL TROVATOR E.

WEDNESDAY, DONIZETITS OPERA, THE DAUGHTER OF THE REGIMENT.

THURSDAY, WALLACE'S AIARITANA.

FRIDAY, Sir Julius Benedict's Romantic Opera, THE LILY OF KILLARNEY.

SATURDAY, BALFE'S BOHEMIAN GIRL.

ADMISSIO :—Private Boxes, £22s. and 21 10s., Dress Circle, 3s. (First Row Dress) Orchestra stalls, 2i. : Upoer Circle, is. 6d. Pit Stalls, Is., Pit 81., Amphlthe Are. 6d. Gallery, 4d.

Half-Pi ice at 9 o'cloc:k to all paxta. Amphitheatre and Gallery excepted.

Setts may be booked b3tween 11 a.m. and 3 p.m. daily Doorti Open at 7, a ,rnmence at 7.30. Saturdays, half-an-hour earlier. Etrly Doors will be opened at 6.30 (taco evening. Parties wishing to avoid thecrush wilt be admitted by same, on payment ot 2d. extra to Gallery 3d. to Amphithatre. 4d. to Pit, 6d. extra to any other part of the Theatre,

TAE PRIORY, WARRINGTON.—Ladies' schoo and kindergarten. conductei by Mn. and the Misses REYNOLDS. The next term will commence on Tuesday. January 21st. 1896.

WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT; age from 18 to 20, For particulars, apply, Mrs. ViNCENT, Vincent's Private Hotel. Llandudno.

vkTANTH D General SERVANT, faznily. no children Washing sent out.—Mrs. BANER, 52 Nelson-street, Oxford-road, Manchester.

WARRING-TON.—Conifortable HOUSH, lobby, parlour, kitchen, scullery, good bedrooms; rent, 46. 6d.; key, 7, FINELL-ST., Howley-lane. Warrington.

WARRINGTON.—Pleasant HOUSES, lobby, parlour, kitchen, scullery, 3 good bedrooms; rents, 55.; key, 27, HOYLE-ST., Bewsey-road, Warrington.

DRESCOT UNION.—APPOINTMENT OF RELIEVING OFFICER.—The Guardians ire prepared to receive applications from Harried persons for the office of RELIEVING OFFICER for the ECCLESTON DISTRICT. The District comprises portions of the Townships of St. Helens and Eccleston.

Salary £lOO per annum. The person appointed will be required to reside in the District, to devote his whole time to the duties of his office, and to obtain a bond through an approved Guarantee Society for the sum o £l5O.

_ Applications stating age and present occupation, with copies of recent testimonials (which will not be returned , to be sent to me not later than 10 a.m. on MONDAY, the 2Oth Inst. The appointment will be made subject to the approval of the Locil Government Board. Canvassing the Guardians will be a disqualification. A. F. MANN, Clerk to the Guardians.

Union Offices. Whiston, Prescot, 9th January, 1896.

MASONIC HALL, BOLD-ST., WARRINGTON.- DANCING. WANTED a few juniors to complete private class. Wednesdays. Also ladles and gentlemen for instrnction and practice in all the ballroom dances. Fo- particulars, address Mrs. COLE, Broughton Terrace Liverpool.

WAR RI N GTON UNION SCHOOLMISTRESS WANTlM.—Wanted a duly certificated Schoolmis- tress or the Padgate t'chools, Warrington.—Salary £3O per annum with such increase as may be allowed by the Local Government Bo .rd (such increase having made the salary £4O in former years). together with rations, washing. lodging. , &c. She must be a single woman between the ages of 20 and 40 years. duly certificated and hilly competent to instruct the children in reading, writing, arithi, etic, ac.. and the principles of Christian religion. Candidates for the situation are required to send applications in own handwriting stating age and religious persuasion, with copies of not more than I tbree testimonials of recent slate to Si r. Mines, Superinten- dent of Schools, Padgate. Warrington, not later than Mon- day, Januiry 27th. endorsed "Application for the Situation of 'Schoolmistress "—By order. JAMES C. SUTTON, Clerk to the Guardians.

Bewsey Chambers, Warrington. January.

BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CIiURCH WARRI NGTON. SUNDAY. JANUARY 12Tn, 1896. Rev. 0. WATKINS. Rev. J. GUNNBLL. 2.15-3.15 Young Men's Bible Class. OPEN SESSION. MONDAY, January 13th, at 8 o'clock (under the auspices of thR MR. FELIX MILLS (Manchester), will give one of his POPULAR RECITALS, ,entitled j "Gems from the H iimorists."

WARRINGTON INFIRMARY AND .14SPEN. SAHA'. THE ANNUAL BALL In aid of the funds of this Charitable Institution will be held at the LION HOTEL, WARTUNGTON, On WEDNESDAY NEXT, JANUARY 15xx, 1.895. Pearson's Band. Dancing at 9 o'clock. Ticke's. twelve and sixpence each, can be hfid from Mr. Percival !Pearse, B Jokseller, Warrington, and at the Lion. Hotel.

E. GASKELL DAVIES, lion. Bee. ta the Ball Comm'ttee.

SPECIAL NEW YEA R'S BARG A INS. WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN AT CASH PRICES. TT j 114 'HALE, PAWNBROKER. JEWELLER. PIANOFORTE DEALER, AND GENERAL HOUSE FURNibHER. (My Special', y.) FINE GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES (by Noted Lo Makers.) And Stamped Warranty Given with each Watch. 3, UPPER DUK E-STRE ET, LIVERPOOL. o pposite Dr. Paffles' Church, Grest George-st.) GOLD KEYLESS MINUTE REPIiATER.—COST £5O, BY CHAS. TIEDEMANN, Liverpool. .CIQ 10s.—Magnific-int Gold presentation, keyless, heavy 13-carat, plain hunting-cased Minute RE- PEATER. finely finished, .hreequarter-plate, extra ruby and diamond jewelled moveme.li.. full chronometer adjustment; strikes hoots, half-hours, quarters, and minutes on gongs. A gland watcho the first qudity. New twelve montks ago. and cost £5O. Tv.enty stamped guarantee. PRESENTATION GOLD KEYLESS HUNTER WATCH, By John Lecomber. Liverpool. t 17103- Magnificent WATCH, hy this famous miler, massive 3-oz. pain 18-cat-at hunting case. chrono- meter ratecl, brequet tiering. ruby jewelled, and all Lecom- comb's improvements ;CObt £45 three years ago. Will If nd £l5 in p'eclge at any time. Payments. or exchange made. Twenty years warn.- ntv.

THOMAS RUSSELL'S SG SONS, CUURCH-STREET, COST £4O, _ _

Lis io..—Gold KeyTe—ss--6.-ntie-seconds English Lever Stop WATCH, in massive 3oz. solid IS-carat hall- marked hunting eases ; guaranteed air Lad dust proof ; highly-fini-hed threequarter-place full jeweled movement, brequet spring, jewelled on end-pieces, chronometer adjust- ment, and all the most modern improvements ; a most accur- ate timekeeper; new eight months ago, and cot £4O. Twenty years' stamped warranty. Exchanges made.

By CHARLES TIE DBMANN, Parker-street, Cost VO. RAQ 10‘.—Gold Keyless Centre-seconds Chronograph 0 English hand-made Lever HUNTING WATCH, in massive 3oz. plain 18 carat c Ises (sir and dust proof) chrono- meter balance, t'r quet spring and unbrealctb!e jewelled every action with diamonds and rubies, in almost new condition; a fine-class watch, and suitable for presenta- tion (extra size). A magnificent timekeeper. A bargain Warranted for 30 y

reaas,

gliilCshs.l,--)nfolgi iiltp-hc HI ais, sn t ng Gold eKaeLl e sps wCAetcrue -ons eac dv es 18-carat hall-marked plain bright polished cases, fully adjusted chronometer balance. brequet s .ring, timed in positions and temperatures, a perfect timekeeper, j vielled every action ; new six months ago; worth 30 guineas. A bargain. Exchanges made for inferior watches or jewellery. Payments taken. Inspection invited. J. M'Hale, 3, Upper Duke-street. Fine watches my speciality.

HIGH-CLASS Gold Keyless WATCHES, in open face and hunting cases, just torfeited as under : Cost £lB 10s—By Joseph Sewill, S. Castle-street. Half-hunter £4O £l3 103—By Joseph Sewill, S. Castle-street, Open Face £3o £l4 108—By Thomas Russell and Son, Open Face £2B £l7 10—By Thomas Russell and Son, Grand Hunter £4O £l9 10s—By Thos. Russell and Son,-xtra quality Hunter £45 £lO Os—Bv Joseph Sewill. S. Castle-street, open face £2s £l3 Os—By J. Pyper, Belfast, Grand Open face £2B £9 103—By John Lecomber, Liverpool, Open face £2s £l5 Os —By James Penlington, Castle-street, Open face. 33 Each of the above is a modern Watch of the finest quality and in first-rliss condition, in massive 18-carat hall-marked plain gold case,sall cht onometer adjustments, brequet spring, and extra jewelled, and sold subject to appioval, with a stamped guarantee for 25 years with each. Payments taken. or other articles taken in exchange. M' Hale, 3, Upper Duke- street, for genuine forfeited bat gains in high-class watches. Cash returned it not approved.

RUSSELL'S 10-GUI NBA FLY-BACK CHRONGRAPH. LA 17s 6d.—Grand &Aid Silver Fly-back Minute Regis- ‘-± termg Keyless CHRONOGRAPH, in massive plain solid silver cases, gold joint and button, chronometer balance, brequet spring, and all the most modern improvements in this valuable high-class watch. Invalutble to doctors, en- gineers, sportsmen. to. New six months ago. Twenty ye rs warranty. M'Hale, 3, Upper Duke-street.

T. RUSSELL & SON'S KEYLEiS CHRONOGITAPII.-- R 56 (Cost £lo).—Magnilicent heavy, air aad dust proof. t) plain solid silver cased keyless centre seconds, grand extra jewelled three-quarter plat,, movement, with chrono- meter adjustment, unbreakable mainspring, and all the latest Improvements; gold winding button, joints, and outside stopwork Timed to one minute a month, Payments or exchange.

WORKINGNINN'S GENUINE SILVER ENGLISH LEVER WATCH and SILVIat CURB ALBERT es S RAT,. RllB 6d —Hie'ly-finished 8-Ruh ea Silver English Lever WATCH, by one of the best English makers, capped and extra jewelled every action, in massive solid silver Eng- lish hall-marked air and dust proof cases ; together with heavy solid silver curb Albert and Seal. Government stamped every link. guaranteed by stamped warranty for twenty years. Cash returned if not as represented. Forfeited Wedge. Weekly payments taken. A birgain. See this lot at once.

CASE OF DESSERT KNIVES AND FORKS.-COST 8 GUINEAS.

R 4) 73 6d.—Choice Case of Silver-plate DESSERT e..) KNIVES and FORKS. Twenty-four Pieces, in hand- some walnut silk-lined Case; solid silver hall-marked; in perfect condition; ivory handles. Also a Choice Case of FISH EATERS, Al quality. so id ivory handles; 70s.

SPECIAL.-9-GUINEA CHRONOMETER LEVER. 23 Ig2ras ildn—iaTreorrl. 1 ti,sehr poHo lUwNiTt 133 robnyo mteht aetr balance and adjustment for extreme heat and cold, capped, ruby jewelled, and all the latest patents, in heavy plain solid cases, damp and dust proof, with solid gold joints ; made to special order last year, and maker's receipt and our warranty for twenty years given. No finer watch can possibly be made, and intending purchasers should see this special bargain. Approval. Payments taken. THE NURSE'S WATCH.—COST £5. Rll2s fid —First-elass Solid Silver l'entre-seconds Stop WATCH, beautifully engraved cases, outside stop, and all modern improvements. Twenty years' warranty.

LADY'S SILVER LEVER KEYLESS WATCH, BY RUSSELL.

RC) 12s 6d—Lady's -tiew Keyless Lever WATCH, Li with white dial and seconds hand, threequarter- plate, full jewelled gold movement.and chr3nometer balance, and a most accurate timekeeper. Also another fine quality (key winding) Lever Watch, equal in quality and finith, in very handsome band enraved cases ; only 37s 64; worth double. Twenty-five years' warranty with eac, and Russell's signed guarantee. Payments.

BY JOSEPH PENLINGTON.—COST £lO. Q 10e—High-class Silver English ham-made, extra V jewelled Lever Hunting WATCH, jewelled with diamonds and rubies, chronometer balance, in heavy plain bright polished solid hall-marked hunting cases, with gold joints. Had very little wear. A most aecumte timekeeper. Twenty years warranty.

BY THOS. BLUNDELL. GREAT GEORGE-STREET. 24 15s —Lady's Gold English hand-made Lever WATCH capped and jewelled every action with valuatle rubies, in massive Enelish hall-marked solid gold cues, beautifully engraved; gold dial. Guaranteed to keep guntime for twenty years. Payments or exchanges.

SILVER LEVER OENTEE SECONDS, BY LECOMBER. L 4 15. .—Grand bySitlasr nCoetrtdremasgrot.ldilgte-yelaessss threequarter-plate movement, extra jewelled chronometer balance, and all improvements. Twenty-five years' warranty. Payments Or exchange. LADY'S 12-GUINEA SOLID GOLD KEYLESS HUNTING 'WATCH. g 3153.—High-class Sad heavy Gold Keyless Hunting WATCH. beautifully hand-engraved cases, extra jewelled movement • a most accurate time keeper : white enamelled dial kold hands ; 20 years warranty ; equal to new. Also a very handsome and fashionable Albert with tassel drop, stamped, only 375. 6d.; worth 3 guineas.

CHOICE NEW YEAR'S PRESENT.—VALUED AT £l6. RQ 12s. 6d.—La4y's very choice small Gold Keyless t..) WATCH, in solid gold plain cases, studded with about twenty beautiful pure white diamonds of the first water; handsome enamelled dial. A perfect timekeeper. Almost new. A choice lot. Twenty years' guarantee.

GOLD KBYI.BSS LENTHR DE WI-HUNTBR.--COST £25. _OPT 10s. -Highly-fluished 18. carat very heavy cased .X/ Derni-hnnting WATCH ; bewitiful hand-engraved eases ;by that noted firm, Michael Bros., London • three- quarter plate. extra ruby jewelled, chronometer adjusted movements. New twel7e months ago, and cost £25. Twenty years' warranty. Handsome and valuable present.

„ LADYS SILVER KEYLESS WATCH AND ALBERT.— El2s. 6d (Cost 4 Guineas). —Lady's Choice Silver Key- less WATCH, extra jewelled movement, beautifully engraved eases. fiat glans and whits dial • together with Fashionable Solid Silver Double Albert, with tasssel. Twenty years' warranty.

- T ADY'S Solid GOLD ALBERTS. stamped. from 21s to _LA £3 15..; cost double. Large stock of fashionable designs to select from.

GOLD ALBERTS, FORFEITED PLEDGES, AT HALF ORIGINAL COST. SOLID GOLD GOVERNMENT - STAMPED CURB ALB SETS. £2 15s 04—Massive CURB and reversible SEAL. £5 12s 64--Very heavy CURB and SEAL, weighs 12 Bove. £6 56 Od—Grand ALBERT and Seal, very massive. £8 10s 04—Massive CURB and SEAL, weighs 17 sovs. £3 12s 6d—Grand Long Link FETTER and SEAL. £2 19s 64—Grand FETTER-LINK and SEAL. stamped. £2 7s 64—Massive CURB and SEAL. stamped. £4 12s 64—Grand Doubled ALBERT, long link. £3 15s 04—Very fine Doubled ALBERT and SEAL. £8 lOs 04—Massive 18-carat Hall-marked CURB. Immense stock to choose from at from 30s to £2O. A stamped guarantee with each of the above as to value, quality and condition. Inspection. Money returned if not as adver- tised, Satisfactfbn guaranteed or cash returned.

SPECIAL.-MASSIVR SOLID GOLD CURB ALBRIIT AND SBAL.-SPBCIAL.

ry R 5 7' C 611— gre ua e d massive.urb GovernmentAla3t wsi reversible rse7bl id Bloodstone and Sardonyx Seal attached. Cost late owner £lO three months ago. Will lend £4 in pledge, It7CDIAMONI) AND PEARL BRACELET. 22 12s Bd.—Magnificent Diamond and Pearl BRACELET, fashionable and chaste design, set in heavy solid gold hall-marked setting. A bargain.

MAGNIFICENT DIAMOND HORSESHOE BRACELET R9l2s 91.—Cost 2.30.--Ifaznificent Diamond BRACE- LET, set in massive 18-carat setting, 13 pure white Brazilian diamonds of the first water, matchless colour.

40-GUINEA. DIAMOND CRESCENT BROOCH. RlBl7s 6d.—Magnificent Diamond CRESCENT, com- posed rf 14 very large pure white Bvzilian dia- monds of the first water; forms brooch or hair ornaments. Matenless value.

Note the Address : JoHN Alis HAL E , PAWNBROKBR.

39 UPPER PURE _SIRE_RT, _LIVERPOOL,

_ (Opposite Dr. Raffle's Chapel). Old Gold and Silver, China. Old Plate, Glass, Pictures, Coins, Books, Lc.. bought for Cash, Stored or Advanced t a Low e. Letters or parcels receive prompt attention

THE BEST MEDICINE FOR BILE, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR WIND, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR INDIGESTION, IS EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS " PILLS. They quickly remove the irritation and feverish state of the STOMACH, correct the morbid condition of the LIVER relieve the system of all impurities, which. by circulating in the blood, injuriously affect the action of the KIDNEYS, and, by removing the causes of so much discomfort restore the vital energies of body and mind.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COUNTY PRECEPT.

The Clerk to the Cheshire Clunty Council (Mr. R. Potts) forwarded a precept upon the Guardians before the 27th January for the sum of £3;680 18s. 101 par- ticulars of which have previously been given.—The Clerk said it compared very favourably with previous ones. It was a reduction of about £3OO on the corresponding half year, and £5OO less than the midsummer call. TREAT TO THE CHILDREN.

_ The Chairman of the Visiting Committee (Mr. Stokes) thanked the members for subscribing., the sum of £193. for sweetmeats for the children of the house.

FINANCE!. ,

Mr. Heywood submitted itW re-port of the Finance Committee, reeommending the payments of accounts amounting to £1,697. The out-relief was as follows : Runcorn £95. Frodsham 30, and Budworth £2O. Mr. HeYwood mentioned that one account was for the sum of £2 195. for school fees. They had frequently recom- mended that the Runcorn Guardians should endeavour to get the schools free. There was one school in particular where they were charging fees,and it was aboard school in one ef the poorest parts of the town. He referred to Granville-street school. They had decided 't pay the ac- counts on that occasion,but he hoped the Runcorn School would not charge the Guardians for fees in future. —Mr. Taylor said so far as the School Board was con- cerned he did not think ths Guardians would be treubled with those accounts again,but as regarded the °the other denominational schools he could not say.—Mr. T- Loa stated that the Guardians w.auld not have any more ac- counts from Granville-street schools.—Mr. Heywood hoped they would use their influence to get the other schools free in Runcorn. It was the only place in the Union where the (Tnardians paid fees. Re further inti- mated that every call thronhout the Union had been paid. The balance in hand was £3243. The report was adopted.

THE RE-ARRANGEMENT OF DUTIES. In accordance with notice given, Mr. stokes moved that lunch be provided at 11.30 instead of noon : that the visiting committee meet at 12 noon ; that the Guar- dians meet at 12.45 p.m. ; that the relief cases be taken in the Board room by the Board resolving itself at each meeting into three committies and that new or impor- tant relief cases be submitted to tho whole Board.—Mr. Mclntyre suggested that the whole question should be deferred to the annual meeting of the Board in April. Mr. Stokes aareed to withdraw his motion and Mr. Mclntyre's suggestion was aereed to. This was all the business of public interest.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON.

THE " WESLEY " GUILD.—On Monday evening, Mr. Allan Bag,uley, of Bangor College, gave a very intereo.- ing address on "How plants grow." There were 29 members and five companions present, also a goodly number of friends. The Rev. C. de P. Gliddon presided. At the close of the meeting one person joined the guild as a member, and two as companions.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
Mbertiament not elaotftell.

)RESENT fi TIO N TO SUPERINThNDONT ATHERTON. (COUNCIL CHAMBER. TOWN HALL), RUNCORN. MONDAY EVENING, JANUARY 13Tn, at 8 o'clock. Subscribers are requested to be present.

THEATRE ROYAL, ST. HELENS

MRS. LONGSHORE-POTTS,

Doctor of Medicine, of the Women's Medical College of

Philadelphia, U.S.A.,

WILL LECTURE

44 ET 11EALTH AND DISEASE"

TO WOMEN ONLY.

THIS (Fzithy) AFTERNOON, JANUARY

And on the Afternoons of January 11th, and 13th,

at 3 o'clock. Doors open at 2.30. ADMISSION FRIO. C3lle3tEns tlken.

Lksr LEMUR% TUESDAY AFTERNOON, JANUARY 14rit,

At Three.

SUBJECT:-

66 ity I_VJL ATERNITY."

Prices of Admission :—Dress Circle 25., Stalls and Upper Circle 15., Pit and Gallery 6c1.,

All lectures illustrated by Limelight Views, including many of Art and Scenery. 103 views each Lecture.

DIFFERENT LECTURES AND VIEWS DAILY.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

Sold by Boxes, is. ltd. —and 2s. 9d. or mailed Free on receipt of remittance by GEORGB BADE, /2, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON, B.C.

EA DE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS

===== 0002601_18960111_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, JANUARY 11, 1896.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT.

FRlDA.7.—Before Alderman Harrison (chairman), Alderman Wright, and Councillor Roberts. A DESERTER.—Edward Wildams was ciiarged with being a deserter from :ho 2nd battalion of the Royal North Lan- cashire Regiment stationed at, Preston, since Wednesday last. —Defendant pleaded guilty and Detective Monaghan proved his arrest.—Defendant was remanded to await an escort and Monaghan was granted th 3 usual reward. DRUNK AND DISORDEBLY.—DanieI Crosby, for being drunk and disorder'y in Mers-y—treet on Thursday night was :ent to gaol for seven days.—P C. Foster provet the case. A VIOLENT CUSTOMER.—Sarah Ann Finn was charged with committng wilful damage to a win 'ow in the 'Old Crow," the prop.rtv of Jamf s Thomas Grundy Cranshaw, on the 26th December —Mrs. Cranshaw stateo that on the day in question she hid occasion to order defendant out of the house, and she turned and broke the wine;ow in the door. The damage was 3s. 6d —Defendant who admitted the offence and expressed her contrition was fined ss. and costs. MONDLY.—Befor4 the Mayor (in the chair), and Alderman Harrison.

DOG AT LARGR.—Robert Ifyes Oak Branch, St. James-st., was fined 3s. 6d. for allowing his dog to be at large un- muzzled. CHIMNEY ost M Ipas, 5. Porter-street. John Nicholson. 2, Lord Nelson-,t , were each fined Is. for all.swing their chimneys to be on fire.. DRUNIUNNESS.—WiII,am Lythgt:e, Friars Green, was fined les. and costs for this offence. THURSDAY.—Before Mr. J 11. Fleming. AN IMPUDE,T BEGGAR.- John Kelly. was charged with begging in Bold-st, at 6.45 on Wednesday night.—He pleaded guiltv.—P.C. Lewis said that at the time menlioned he received a complaint. from Mr. Poole, draper, about a man coming into his hop bevittg and annoying his assistants. Witness followed the inan,who was prisoner.into Bold-st.,and sew him accost several p orde for alms. Pri oner was ar- rested and Mr. Poole. !dent fled him. —Mr. Poole stated that prisoner came into ha shoo as he was talking to a lady. He push dbetween them anl witness requested him to go away twice, but he refused. Witness went to the door for an officer and the man threatened to throw him back into the shoo. Prisonor went out and i formed an officer that Mr. Poole wanted him.—Mr. Talbot. said the town was absolutely over- run with sturdy and impudent beggars of this class.—Prisoner was committed for seven days' hard labour. j

RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS.

MONDAY. Before Mr. James Handley (chairman), and Mr.

F. J. Norman.

DRUNK AND DIROTIDERLY.—Abraharn Kilgra B. Heath-road, Weston,was fined ss. and costs for being di unk and disorderly at Weston —Se ina Ciblin, an old offender, for a similar off.nce the previous night. was fined 10e. and costs PROFANE LANGUAO E.—Marga re t Sweetman. Salkeld-square, was fined ss. for using obsc,ine and profane language in Mersey-st , the Chairman remarking that they would 'see if they could not improve the state of the streets in the town RIDING WITHOUT REI,S Mattison Denton. Little MOOT Row, Appleton. was charged with riding on a lurry 'without the use of reins at Norton, on the 28th Dec. He was fined Is. and costs.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
"LITTLE SHORT OF A MIRACLE."

SURPRISING AFFAIR IN YORKSHIRE. Ejaculations of surprise greeted Miss Elizabeth Ems • ley,when met in the streets by former companions. The The latter could scarcely believe their eyes. Miss Ems- ley had been seriously ill ; the doctors appeared to do her no good, and her cure was considered little short of a miracle. The case was noised abroad, and to make an independent inquiry, a reporter of the " Pudsey News" recently visited Mr. Emsley's home at N 0.9, Valley-road, Littlemore. He says : "I was accorded a hearty wel- come. Mrs. EmAey told the story of her daughter's case. She said : • Our Lizzie commenced to grow ill a year last Whitsuntide, that is,at Whitsuntide, 1894. She was then sixteen peals old. We dallied a fortnight, but the pains all Over her booy, particularly in her legs and hands, became so bad that we were obliged to call in a most able doctor, who attended her for three months, but without recovery of health. The doctor declared it to be a case of rheumatism. She was not able to walk (without assistance) or kneel, and hcr bands were so much swollen that she could not have wrung a cloth if it had been to save tier life.'"

AN INTERRUPTION.

At this juncture of the interview a noise was heard outside, and one of the little ones cried "Our Lizzie's coming, mother," and immediately the subject of the interview came smilingly forward, and joined in the conversation. She had heard her mother's last remarks, and exclaimed, " Yes, sir, I could not stir ; my father had to carry me to bed at nights, and fetch me down again in the morning. and I had to be' paddled' about just like a child." ",Yes, that is so," put in the mother, "and she

===== 0002601_18960111_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
COULD NEITHER DRESS NOR UNDRESS

herself and besides being unable to walk or use her hands, she could not even feed herself. Day after day and week after week passed without any signs of im- provement, and she was c,oufined to her bed. "Well," continued Mrs. Emsley, we did not know what to do for her. We would take hold of her one on each side, and guide her to a neighbour's house fronting on to the main road,where she could sit in the doorway, and receive some pleasure by seeing people pass. Every- thing it was possible to get,which people recommended, I think we got, but of no avail." "But she does not seem at all ailing now! What has cured her ?" queried the reporter.

" Well," replied the mother, " we had read so much about the marvellous cures by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People that at last I said to my husband : What do you think if we try these Pills ; to which he re- sponded Well we have tried everything. I think we can try them.' Accordingly I went for a box. After taking the first box she could walk better. We continued get- ting the Pills,and she has mended ever since, and now sir, she can do anything as well as anybody almost. Ise, they have done her £2O worth of good, and she is new taking the twelfth box." "Do you honehtly believe aad attribute your daugh- ter's recovery to these Pills?" asked the interviewer, to which Mrs. Emsley emphatically answered " I do sir, awl to nothing else," an opinion in which the father and the girl herself were equally confident. " And " con- tinued Mrs. Em3ley, " she has never had anything else since she started taking them. Before, she had no ap- petite, but now she

CAN GET VP AT ANY TIME, Is always ready for her meals, and can eat first-rate too."

"Have you any objection to this interview being pub- lished ?" asked the reporter,to which both the father and mother promptly replied "No, not the slightest. It is true, as scores of people who are familiar with the case can testify, and who have told us that it should be made known, and we think that it is only right that people who are similarly suffering should know of it."

Mrs. E nsley mentioned several persons in the vicinity who had derived advantage front taking Dr. Williams' Pink Pills on hearing of her daughter's case and cure. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills act directly on the blood, and thus it is that they are so famous for the cure of rheu matism, influenza, antemia, scrofula, chronic erysipelas, and to restore pale and sallow complexions to the glow of health. They are also a splendid nerve and spinal tonic, and thus have ctered many cases of paralysis, locomotor ataxy, neuralgia, St. Vitus' dance, and nervous headache. They are now obtainable of all chemists, and from Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 46, Holborn Viaduct, London, at 2s. 9d. a box, or six for 13s. 9d., 'Alt are gebuine only with full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. A specific for all ladies' troubles, and for the numerous ailments of men which result from worry, and excesses, whether of work or otherwise.

PRIZE DISTRIBUTION AT DARESBURY. On Monday morning the money prizes and books provided out of the Daresbury School Endowment Fund were distributed at the Board School by the governors, of whom the Rev. T. Whitley and Mr, John Cooper were present. The money was given for two oLjects, regular attendance, and for marks gained throughout the year for good conduct,punc- tuality, &c. At the conclusion of the happy event three cheers were given for the governors, and the school closed for a half-holiday, SEwiNo MACHINV Hand £L 10s• Treadle £4 4g. with handiome walnut coven—J. and W. DUTTON, 16 and 18, Sankey-at., Warrington.—Advt. SEWING NELCIIINES Hand £2 189.6 d. Treadle £4 4s. with handsome'walnut cover.—J. and W. DUTTON 16 and 18. Sankev-st.. Warrington.—Advt. ___OILq.—GARLAND. Importer. 51, Bridge-street,

Warrlngton. HOUSEHOLD LiNEvs,hemmed and marked free of charge. J. and W. Dutton, Sankey-at.. Warrington.—Adt PADGATE SUNDAY SCHOOL TEACHBRS.

Two of the teachers of the Church Sunday School, Miss Alice Turner and Miss Fanny Barnes, have succeeded in passing the Teachers' Examina- tion in connection with the Liverpool Dinesan Sunday School Institute, held recently at the Vicarage. Both obtain certificates, but Miss Alice Turner has gained the additional distinction of first-class honours and the second prize.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

( 1 HO. G. BUSSEY & CO., are the leading makers of appli- *.)l ances-for Football, Hockey. Golf, Lacrosse and all Sports and Games,also for Gymnasium and Physical Exercises. Illustrated Catalogue may be obtained from Local Dealers or he SPORTS MAN UFACTORY. London S.E.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN RUGBY UNION. WARRINGTON v. WIDNES.

The first meeting of these old rivals was rendered additionally interesting by the fact that the Warrington people had their firbt opr.ortunity of witnessing a game under the new rules of the Northern Union. There was consequently a very large crowd of about 8,000 on the Wilderspool Causeway ground at the time of the kick off. Most of the games which have taken place in pre- vious years between Warrington and Widnes have been very close affairs, and that on Saturday was no excep- tion to the rule, for it was fought with great stubborn- ness though with great good temper. The weather was just the sort for football, not being too cold, nor yet uncomfortably hot, and therefore the game was ex- tremely open and fast. The pace told very much on some of the players before the game was concluded. Mr. Court,of Oldham, was the referee, and the following were the Warrington players : Heesom, full back ; Barber, Burton, Cromand Broady, threequarters ; Clarke and Houghton, half backs ; Burrows, Nevins Fair- hurst, Hill, Barrett, Andrews, Thornton, and Swift. for- wards.

Barber, of Widnes, kicked off and Clark sent in touch. Houghton from the ensuing scrimmage kicked almost to centre. and Barber (Widnes) being penalised under the new rule, Burton took the free kick and gained on Brennan's return. A smart dribble by Burrows, Fair- hurst, and Broady, ended in the latter passing all op- position, and just as he appeared to have the line at his mercy, he missed ca,tchimr, the ball. Houghton passed out but Cross was floored, and Drummond getting pos- session, passed to Jones who kicked off and followed up having a clear field, but Broady after an exciting race just kicked dead in time. Widnes still attacked, and Drummond had a drop at goal whioh just went under the posts and another minor was given. Mid field play followed Cross's drop out,but good pasting between Burton, Clark. Broady, and Nevins enabled the latter to put his side on the offen- sive. A good run and kick by Barber (Warrington) was replied by Peters and Rispan and the latter was tackled just in time. A free kick given to Barber just fell out- side the goalposts and a scrimmage under the posts was got away by Clark. Fine passing taken part in by Clark, Houghton, Barber, Burton. and Broady enabled the latter to get to half-way,and Thornton almost scored immediately afterwards, but kicking too hard, the ball went dead. Clark got over but was called back owing to a Widnes man having knocked en the ball previous to his getting possession of it. Nevitt relieved the danger, and play again settled in midfield. Burton kicked well in the midst of his opponents-, and Clark taking a free kick put Warrington further on the offensive. HaN3OM rather surprised his opponents by a dashing run through the Widnes team and kick in touch. Irairhurst charged a kick of Drummond's and followed up so well that a line out took place on the line. Things looked danger- ous for Widnes until Barber kicked out and centre was reached. Barber of Warrington got hold now, and kick- ing over Brennan's head was glaringly obstructed,othor- wise a score would certainly have been made, but Mr. Court would not listen to the Warrington appeals. Peters Nevitt.and Rispan by a fine bout of passing took play to the other end when Broady by a splendid run and pass to Barber Rot to the half way line, but the remaining portion of the half was in favour of WiJnes, and the in- terval arrived with a blank sheet.

A sensational start was made after the interval, for after the usual exchanges, Houghton got possession of the ball near the half way line, and sprinted to the line, actually getting over,but was held up by his opponents. He parted to Barber who was in near attendance, and the home skipper was also held up, thus Widnes had the narrowest of narrow escapes in preventing a score. A prolonged attack was now made on the Widnes stronghold, and the defenders were given plenty of work to do, which they accomplished in a very fine manner, preventing all attempts no matter how well meant of the Warrintton players to get over the coveted rut. Drummond at • length was conceded a free kick which put an end for the time being of the apprehen- sions of the Widnesians. Andrews obtained possession of the ball fram Drummond's kick, but although he made a strong attempt he failed to penetrate through the cordon of defence opposed to him. Barber now get possession and passed to Broady but still the Widnes men were too much alert for any score to be made against them. Apprehensions of a pointless draw began to arise among the Warrington spectators, when Barber

(Widnes) transgressed the new off side rule and thus got his side penalised. Burton had the ball placed

for him in the centre of the field, and by a surprising kick, the ball MU sent sailing over the goal pests, amid a loud outburst of applause. Barber restarted. and Hill made a splendid run dodging a great number of his opponents, hut unfortunately his final pass was a little wild and Barber (Warrington) was unable to catch the ball. The game was going at a great pace. and tackling on both sides was remarkably keen. and Fairhurst, Nevins, Hill and Swift among the for- wards put iii a tremendous amount of work. Great enthusiasm was aroused by a fine round of passing be- tween Houghton, Clark, Barber, Burton, Cross and Broady, and the latter was going off for the line at a great pace when he was grassed.Widnes were repeatedly penalised for off side tactics, but nothing tangibie came of the fine kicks. After a brief visit to the War- rington end, Warrington returned to the attack, and mnch amusement was caused when Frazer was seen with the ball in his possession just on his own line, and Hill like the "old man of the sea" riding upon his shoul- ders. Needless to say, Frazer could make no progress, wth such a burden, and he was promply brought to the ground. Widnes carried the ensuing scrimmage, and for the remainder of the game.the game was much more even, Widnes at times almost equalising. The ball on one occasion was sent beyond Heesom, and a fine race for possession was made. Burton succeeded in getting I the ball near his own line, and quite dumbfounded his pursuers by a backward kick in touch right over his head. The game continued in doubt as to the result right up to the end, but when the whistlejblew. Warr- ington had won a hard-earned victory by a penalty goal (three points) to nil. RUNCORN v. OLDHAM.

At Runcorn. The visitors arrived at Runcorn in fairly good time by special train, accompanied by some 500 supporters. Great care had been taken by Oldham to put their best team on the ground. The players were —H. Eagland, back; W. McCutcheon, S. Lees, J. W. Whittle, and J. P. Taylor. three-quarter haeks ; H. Var- ley and A. Lees, half-backs; E. Bonsor, E. Hughes, J. Murrell, E. Etchells, J. Furness, A. Childs, R. Edwards, and J.Lees forwards. Runcorn had got their beat avail- able talent together, the backs being at present com- pletely upset, Myers and Pendlebury both being unfit to play... Abrams., who was far from being fit to play,

offered- his services, and Warder went. into the centre. West, from the A team, going on the wing. The full team was :—J. Butterworth. back: T. Warder. G. Robinson, B. West, and W. Gayter, three-quarters; S. Abrams and J. Faulkner, half has; W. Faulkner, A. Taylor, S. Walker, TI. Farmer, R. Reece, W. Lightfoot, G. Moores and F. Gayter. forwards. Referee, J. Slevin, Wigan. Faulkner started for Rtracorn, and Lees smartly returned. To this West responded, putting the ball well into touch by the centre flag. Play was very keen and exciting. A series of short exchanges by Varley, Lees, and Taylor gave Runcorn some work to check. Taylor a few minutes later got possession, and eluding his opponents went behind the Runcorn goal, Lees kicking a good goal. Faulkner started again, and quickly the home end was visited. The home forwards, however. I got the ball away. This relief was only short, as McCutcheon threw back to Lees, who was allowed to slip away, and taking a drop at goal, shot the ball over the bar las a really fine drop. This reverse roused the home side, who made a determined attack. Abrams gave West a chance to score, but fumbling the ball the open- ing was lost. Still Runcorn kept up the attack. The home forwards frequently got possession. and heeling out Faulkner and Abram. got away. Throwing to Garter, the latter was pushed into touch at the corner flag. Following the throw out Robinson leoked to have a clear run in, but the great speed of the Oldham quartette gave them a great advantage, enabling them to check the attack. The interval ar- rived, Oldham having three goals in hand to Runcorn nothing. After the ;nterval Oldham started, Warder returning. when Whittle taking the ball, raced into the home half, a movement w'Aich was well stopped. The home side than showed some fine passing, in which J. Faulkner, Abrams, Robinson, and West took part, but Eagland saved grandly when they were close up to the line. The advantage gained was well kept 'up, the de- fence of the 04lham men being severely taxed, but all the efforts by the home side to score prove nf no avail. The game for a while was fought in neutral ground, where McCutcheon got an opportunity to break away, and sprinting cleared all except Butterworth, who was ready for his man and effected a very fine tackle. W. Faulkner started a dribble, and was joined by Taylor and Walkar, who worked the ball hack to centre. where Abrams and J. Faulkner tried tn break away and seemed clear, but the fine play of McCutcheon and Lees frus- trated any effort to get over. Near to the close Runcorn had hard lineg, a faulty pass spoiling the chance, and later Varley, by a single-handed effort,broke away,scor- ing an excellent try. Eagland making a good shot at I goal. Tlme.—Oldham by three goals (one dropped) and I one try to Runcorn nothing.

CONSUMPTION, BRONCHITIS AND ASTHMA.

I will demonstrate to the whole world. and to suf- ferers from these unfnrtunat maladies, how theycan be permanently cured. by an entirely New Method of Treatment, without the chance of failure. Particu- lars •• Gratis," from Mr. WILLIAMS, 11, Durwood place. Norfolk Crescent, London. W.

WARRINGTON "A " v. WIDNES "A."—The most for- midable engagement of the season for the Warrington "A " team was that of Saturday, when they met the hitherto unbeaten Widnes "A." Still the visitors did not leaveWarringten with the reeling that they were going to get a record licking. Far from it ! for the team picked for the occasion was the strongest which has yet played. It was composed as follows :—Full back,Spruce ; three- quarters, Foster, Scott, Lawless, and Carey ; half backs, O'Brien and Foden ; forwards, Wilcock, G. Savage, J. Savage, Monks, Hughes,Bailey, Scholtze, and P.Lawless. Widnes : Full back,Grayson : threequarters, Goulding, Alford, Percival, and Wilson; half backs, Douglas and Highfield ; forwards, Forster, Davies, Ashby, Murray, Travis, E. Derbyshire, Hughes,and M'Cabe. The game was played on the new ground,before a moderate num- ber of spectators. Warrington kicked off and the ball wes returned into touch. A line out and scrimmage fol- lowed and from the latter Scott got possession and passed to Foden,who was run into touch near the line. O'Brien and Cari;, worked up well and another strimmage took place near the line, and Carey from loose play kicked at goal, but the ball hit the posts and another scrimmage was held just under goal, with the result that O'Brien got over. Lawless easily converted. The Widnes kick was charged down, and the visitors rushed to the quar- ter flag again. Here Foster picked up the oval and raced for the line which he just managed to fall across as he was tackled. Lawless again converted. After the re-start Widnes got a free kick against Warrington from offside play and gained ground a little. A scrimmage well within Warrington territory put Douglas in possession and he almost got over. Scott and Carey gave Warrington relief and the latter passed to Lawless who made a splendid run, but was tripped up near the line. G. Savage was however close behind and snatching up the ball, scored, while Lawless kicked the goal. Play for a period became uninteresting, though Widnes had the best of matters. They secured another free kick which was mulled, and Carey punteJ into touch. O'Brien stopped a rush by judicious tackling and Foden passed into touch further up field. Lawless secured and kicked to further advantage, and Carey made a neat run, but was grassed. Half-time was then called with the score, Warrineton.3 goals to Widnes nil. With 15 points against them Widnes restarted the game vigorously, and the threeqnarters passing well T. Fors- ter (Widnes) secured and made a god run for the line but was tackle. The homesters followed up their lead, and a scrimmage taking place near the line, Warrington had a warm time of it, but nothing resulted. The game then crossed the field with Widnes still near the line, and being granted a free kick Alford had bard lines in not scoring. Foden gave timely relief, and Scott intercepting a Widnes pass ran up field before being stopped. Marks were then made on both sides and the homesters following up well were checked at a critical moment by Spruce. Lawless and Carey exchanged and the latter, made a good run to mid-field. T. Forster next secured and almost reached the line. A scrimmage ensued and Alford got over, but the goal kick failed. Play after this became somewhat rough the homesters apparently being unable to swallow their beating amic- ably. A pass forward from Carey to Foster gave Widnes a free kick near the goal and Alford put the ball over the bar. Shortly after, time was called leaving Warrington victors of a well-fought game by 3 goals (15 points) to Widnes, 1 (penalty) goal, 1 try (6 points).

WARRINGTON S,T. MARY'S -V.- LONDON AND NORTH- WESTERN Locos.—This match was played on the ground of the former on Saturday. The Saints won the toss. The visitors kicked off, the ball being well returned by Warburton. The Saints pressed, Raybold relieving with a kick to half way. Mason and Hi4ginbottem passed finely from a scrimmage. Chapman bringing Mason down on the line. The Saints still pressed, and the visitors' halves passing in their own 25, Hampson inter- cepted and dashed over, Mason converting. From the kick-off the Locos invaded the home quarters and pressed, but found Roughley safe. The visitors were penalized for infringing the new rule, Hampson making a good bid for goal. Chapman touching down. Gregory secured from the restart, and grand passing by the whole of the forwards made a good opening for Hampson, who scored near the corner, Siddall converting. Half time was shortly afterwards called, the Saints leading by ten points. Thomas restarted for the homesters, who im- mediately pressed. Some nice passing by Powney, Ray- bold, and Sudlow took play to the home" 25," a fine run and kick by Roughley being the means of the Saints again attacking. Mason got away from a scrimmage, and passed to Hampson, who scored his third try,Rough- ley converting. Siddall and Bennett were prominent at the restart, the latter player having hard lines. Chap- man relieved, but the Saints attacked to the end of the game, and play rested in the visitors' quarters when the whistle blew for time.—Result St. Mary's three goals (15 points), Locos nil. RUNCORN v. OLDHAM "A " TeAms.—The meeting between these combinations took place on Saturday, at Water-sheddings, Oldham, before 3,000 people. Owing to various reasons, chiefly accidents, Runcorn could not play their full strength, and there had been a complete re-organization amongst the back division. Shaw started for Runcorn, and for the first quarter of an hour the visitors had the best of matters. The pace was very quick, both sides showing excellent football, but Lawton got the ball nicely away, and after some splendid pass- ing Bradbury scored, the kick being improved. Tne bomesters continued on the aL gressive, and their passing movements were much better executed than those ini- tiated by Runcorn. Fillingham and Bradbury scored further tries. The second moiety was much in favour of the visitors, who never relaxed their efforts. They experienced evtremely hard lines on several occasions. Jolley hitting the cross-bar from a drip, the final score being—Oldham, two goals, two tries ; Runcorn one try.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

DISORDERLINESS IN SANKEY-ST.

In consequEnce of the numerous complaints which Mr. Talbot, the new Chief Constable, has received from all quarters with regard to the nuisance caused by young people jostling and shouting and making themselves disagreeable on Sunday nights in Sankey-st., he has de- tailed a number of constables to be on duty during that time with orders to report such young people as are disorderly in their behaviour. The consequence has been that three young men, Richard Howard, junior, 16, Phillip-st. ; William Weaver, 18, Bluecoat-at.; and Edward Williams, 10, Chorley-st., were each summoned at the Warrington Borough Court on Monday, before the Mayor and Alderman Harrison, for being disorderly in Sankey-at., on Sunday, December 22.—P.C. Lewis said that on that date he was on duty in Sankey-street, near the end of Bold-st., when he saw the three defend- ants with four more,walking abreast. They were shout- ing, whistling, and jostling the people off the footpath. The three were so disorderly that he had to report them. He had been detailed to look after that sort of thing.— Mr. Talbot : There have been many complaints about this sort of conduct, and they were made to me as soon as I came to the town. I have been in the streets and have seen it personally.—P.C. Lewis (proceeding) said it was a practice of young men to jostle young girls about.—P.C. Barlow and P.C. Lewis each said they had t.) look alter Sankey-st. They had also warned the defendants a short time previous to P.C. Lewis.—The Chief Constable : This is a common thing in many towns. In Southport,they are beginning to send them to gaol without the option of a fine. We shall shortly have a bye-law dealing with these cases.— The Bench decided to bind the defendants over for six months in recognizances of £5, and ordered them to pay the costs, 7s.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
YOUTHFUL FOOTBALL AND SHINTY PLAYERS

The following boys were brought before the Warring- ton magistrates on Monday for playing football in Crown-street, on December 29: John Marnon, 1, Packet- street; James Hardman, 17, James-street; Emmanuel James Brown, 28, James-street; Thomas O'Connor, 16, Cockhedge-lade ; Joseph Tavlin, 29. Orford-street; Randalls Knowles, 25, Grford-street ; James Tavlin 29, Orford-street; Abel Whittaker, 11, Naylor-street; and Charles Buck, 6, James-street. P.C. Evans proved the case, and said that many complaints had been received from various quarters about this practice. The Chief Constable said that playing football in the streets was past a nuisance, it was really a disease. Everything the youngsters saw they kicked. The defendants were all fined is. and threatened with severer penalties if they offended again.—The following : Joseph Gerard. 4,Bake- house-yard ; Frank Leyland, 56, Golborne-street ; John Shaw, 50, Golborne-street ; William Bailey, jun., 1, Golden Grove-street ; Henry Bennett, Queen-street ; James Barber. 3, Cambria Place ; James Jackson, 43. King-street; Peter Finch, 11, Foundry-street; and George Littlewood, 26. Kitig,-street, were all charged with play- ing shinty in Queen-street, on December 30th, to the 'annoyance of passengers. P.C. Evans also proved this case. The mother of one of the boys said that it had been holiday at sob 01, and there was nowhere in War- rington where the boys could play without doing wrong. —The Chief Constable said that there was a certain amount of reason in what the woman had said. There were very few open spaces to play shinty.—Each defen- dant was fined is.—Another batch: John Fogg, 79, Birchall-street ; Henry Fogg ; James King, jun., 57. Hamilton-street; Richard King ; and William McMutrie, 61, Hamilton-street, were also fined is. each with the exception of John Fogg, who was fined 2s. 6d., as he had been at the court before,for playing shinty in llamilton- street, on December 31st.

A" CABBY "FINED.

Patrick Tigue, cab driver for Mr. Kiernan, was charged with not having his lamp lighted on December 27th, early in the morning. Inspector Taylor gave par- ticulars of the offence, and Tigue in defence said that he had a new wick in the lamp and it kept going out. He was told to be more careful in future, and was fined in the costs ss.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
FOND OF LIQUORS.

At the Warrington Borough Court, on Monday, before the Mayor, and Alderman Harrison, Michael Doyle, and John Travis were charged with • breaking into the pre- mises of Robert Brandreth, off license helder,B Pinner's Brow, sometime between Saturday night and Sunday morning and stealing or receiving knowing to have been stolen five pint bottles of ale.and one bottle of pale stout. The Chief Constable said that in order that the ease might be tried at that court, he would reduce the charge to one of simple larceny. The complainant occupied a lock up shop on Pinner's Brow and displayed in his window bottles of stout and beer. On Saturday night 'le locked up his shop and went to his residence in Man- chester-road. At about 230 rn Sunday morning the police discovered that a pane of glass had been broken in the shop and a number of the bottles had been taken away. A person named Richard Bamford informed the police that he had seen the two prisoners sharing the bottles in Silver-square, and P.C. Evans on this informa- tion, arrested the two. When charged, the prisoner Travis made a statement which implicated himself and the other prisoner. The empty bottles were found near to the residence of the two prisoners.—ln reply to the Mayor,the chief constable said that there were no:shutters to the shop, and his Worship addre.sing the complainant said that he ought to be more careful with his shop,as it amounted almost to leading people into temptation. —The bench decided to fine the two prisoners 10s. and costs each, or in default 14, days. A ViOLENT LODOER.—TWISTING A WOMAN'S ARM.

At the Warrington Borough Court on Tuesday, before Mr. J. H. Fleming and Dr. Smith, Edward Coyne, an ex- army reserve man, was charged on s warrant with as- saulting and beating Bridget Collier, Dutton-at., on the 4th January.—Mrs. Collier, who appeared with her left arm in a sling and much swollen, said that on Saturday night about 10.30 prisoner, who was her lodger,came in and asked for supper. Complainant's sister told him it was not ready and he used very foul language. Witness remonstrated, and he seized her by the hair and dragged her off the sofa on to the floor, where he knelt on her chest. Her husband interfered and prisoner set upon him and gave him two black eves. She went to the table to get something to defend herself with when prisoner seized her wrist and twisted her arm round. She had to go to the Infirmary where the doctor said the shoulder was fractured and the bone displaced. Prisoner was not drunk.—Sarah Elizabeth Bicklev gave corroborative evi- dence. She was sister of complainant,and saw prisoner twist the latter's arm and thump her in the face.—Pri- sonar for defence stated that complainant was "boozing" five days out of the week. She was drinking and pawn- ing goods for drink when he and her husband were al- most starving. On the night in question she attacked prisoner with a knife, and in the scuffle he pushed her against the slepgtone,which fell down,he thought,on her arm.—Kate Smith said on the same night she tor.k com- plainant home drunk. In the row which followed pri- soner nushed her against the slopstone.—ln answer to the Chief Constable she admitted cohabiting with pri- semen—Prisoner had only been prosecuted twice before and the Bench therefore dealt leniently with him in inflicting a penalty of 20s. and costs, or in default one month's hard labour.

FURS. —SEALSKIN JACKETS and FURS of every des- cription Cleaned or Re-Dyed and Altered. Fur Skins Dressed and Made-up into Rues, Muffs, Collars, Scc.—l3 Cooxv, Manufacturing Furrier, 11, Upper Newington, and 21. Bensbaw-street, Liverpool, Established over 21 years.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

HOLYTAKE v. Sr. ELPHIN'S.--Played at Holylake on Saturday. After the kick off the Saints at once showed that they meant business, attacking the home goal in fine style, and after about twenty minutes play J. Duck- worth ran finely down the wing and centred to Dugdale who sent in a rasping shot from the 25 yards line, which appeared to be two yards through the goal when the keeper saved it. The referee, however, disallowed the goal, but Turner, from full back, made amends with a splendid shot from long range, which gave the home custodian no chance. This was the only score till half- time. On the re-start both sides played well, and a grand fight was witnessed, but Thompson, seeing an oppor- tunity, promptly put the ball iuto the net for the Saints, Hickinbottom following it up with another. Time was drawing to a close, and Holylatre, playing desperately, managed to scrimmage a goal through, the Saints also scoring another disallowed goal. The final score read— St. Elphin's throe, Hoylake one.

OUR LOCAL CIIIIRCHES-WARRINGTON.

WYCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH.

On Sunday morning, at W ycliffe Cnurch, was held the annual Young Peoples' service, and in response to the pastor's special invitation to former members of his class the service was largely attended. Special hymns were sung with great heartiness and before going on with his sermon the Rev. John Yonge said in connection with the occasion that morning he hoped he would not be considered formal if he wished everyone there a " Happy New Year." He would like also before taking up his text to give a word of welcome that morning to several former scholars of his class and of the Sunday School, who were present. He was glad that so many had responded to the special invitation he had sent out during the week. It was a matter of some significance he thought, that during the years which the class had been held, over 400 young people had been through its teaching, and he would intensely like as the years passed that the young people of Wycliffe who came in the ranks of that class,should rally round it on New Year's Sunday morning and show that they still retained an affection and regard for the place where they were brought up. The text of the rev. gentleman's discourse that morn- ing was" And the children of Judah prevailed because they relied upon the Lord God of their Fathers," 2 Chron., xiii..lB. The Old Testament, he said, was full of reverence like that and they would always find God spoken of by the Jewish people as,theGod of their fathers. The God of their fathers was the only true and living God and therefore they were to be loyal and faithful to Him. That was a point worth all their most careful thought. In these days many young people, he feared, were getting very heedless about the religion of their fathers. When they attained 15 or 18 years of age they became wonderfully independent of all those matters and began to think that their fathers' way was not worth treading in ; and although they knew their father had always attended the House of God and reverenced it these young people, many of them, think that they would just have their own way in the matter and come or stay away as it suited them. Some young people were getting to be very doubtful about the old Book. They had an idea that it was intellectual and clever, and very refined and advanced to have doubts, and to dis- pute the word of the good old Book. The rev, gentle- man urged upon them afresh the duty and privilege,the blessedness and safety of cleaving fast to the God of their fathers and the religion of their mothers. Many of them, if not all, had been brought up in Christian homes, and were familiar with the name of God and Jesus Christ from their earliest memory. They should understand that they had not been sent out to life unprepared or knowing nothing about the dangers of life and the temp- tations a the world. The Bible had been put into their hands to shine upon the darkness and light up the road. The dangers and difficulties of life were too many for us alone. We should thus stand ready ; neither under-rate our foes nor over-rate them. Avoid both extremes. The children of Judah prevailed because they relied upon the Lord God of their fathers. They did not rely upon. force of arm or strategy, but conquered by their reliance. They should recollect that the strongest people in his. tory had always been those who feared God and abided by his commandments. The foes and temptations in the path of young people were strong, but they should re- member that God was stronger. They should put their reliance upon Him and though all the world were in arms abroad they would dwell in full possession and come off more than conquerors through Him that loves us. At the end of the service the distributioa of Bibles to the scholars of the pastor's class during the past year, took place. 39 scholarr of 15 years of age received a Bible accompanied with a few commendatory words from Mr. Yang°.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
A

S

JOYS

both the method and results when the genuine and original SYRUP OF FIGS is taken; it is pleasant and refreshing to the taste, and acts gently yet promptly on the Kidneys, Liver, and Bowels, cleanses the system effec- tually, dispels colds, headaches and fevers, and cures habitual constipation. SYRUP OF FIGS is the only remedy of its kind ever produced, pleasing to the taste and acceptable to the stomach, prompt in its action and truly bene- ficial in its effects; prepared only from the most healthy and agreeable sub- stances, its many excellent qualities commend it to all and have made It the most popular remedy known. SYRUP OF FIGS is manufactured only by the

CAMFORNIII FIG SYRUP CO.

. . If you get it, you will have the true remedy; but if you accept any preparation made by some one else, under a similar name, you will be disappointed. Remember, the original SYRUP OF FIGS is matitr factored by the

California Fig Syrup Co. Of all Chemists, is. 11d. & 2s. 9d., or post free on receipt of price from the Depot for Great Britain and Colonies: 32 SNOW HILL, LONDON. E.C.

$

' 7 ti;11, it. A , :'•'.' ' , t.. 7 ~: r`‘,--,.... A. ‘7,'" - --r 4 '-:,-, . .. A „ • - .., ' -i, i, -'§ *:, - • ,‘: ~ . i ' '1 ' r .ik ''• ''' ---- '/ • . 4,, --76.''' '' V,- --.4.4t4 ' 4-_,,, ~ ,1;•..,„;,- -: 2/.. .., ... 0 EN ,

NE

===== 0002601_18960111_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SAVINGS' BANS.

ANNUAL MEETING.

On Wednesday afternoon, the annual meeting of the. trustees and managers of the Rnncorn Savings' Bank was hald at the Savings' Bank. High-street. Dr. McDougall was voted to the chair, and there were also present, Messrs. James Handley, J.P., A. Morris, W. Hankinson, J. Littler and Mr. W. Handley (actuary). Mr. Handley in his annual report said that, as was to. well known, Runcorn had, especially during the past year, been passing through a period of unexampled depression. It would have been remarkable if the Sav- ing' Bank had escaped its natural. effect. Though the amount of deposits had shown a diminution, this had been more than counterbalanced by a smaller amcunt having been withdrawn, and at the CIO3O of the bank ' year the amount due to depositors had increased by £1,731 163. The number of sep irate transactions, deposits and withdrawals was 3,134 representing an amount including sales of consul stock and dividends received of. £16,714 53. 21. As com- pared with the year previous the number of accounts showed a diminution of five only. The classification of the accounts was a 3 follows :- 1039 individval accounts,amounting to £27,093 13s Ild.; 2 penny banks, £9 63. 11d. •, 17 charitable and clothing' societies, £566 Ils. 11d. ; 59 friendly and tontine,£s,39o- - Bd. ; total, £33,060 is. sd. This was, he believed, the largest annual balance standing to the credit of de- positors during the 53 years' existence of the bank, and might be taken as a satisfactory evidence of the general thriftness and provident habits of a considerable pro- portion of the inhabitants of toe town and district. lb would materially conduce, not only to the prosperity of the bank as an institution, but also to the public advan- tage if still greater use was made of the facilities offered by the bank for saving small sums, and their ready withdrawal in case Gf need, by an increase to the num- ber of depositors,and the consequent total in the amount deposited. The whole of the sum due to the depositors with the exception of the amount in the hands of the treasurer needed for current withdrawals, was held by the Government as represented by the National Debt Commissioners. During the year the officials appointed under the Savings' Bank Ants,hed twice attended at the bank and examined the whole of the b.)oks and the system adopted in keeping the bank accountt. In the month of March, to the great regret of the trustees and managers, Mr. Simpson expressed a desire to be relieved of his duties as treasurer, after a service of nearly 40 years. After full conslderation, Mr. J. B. Holland wag appointed to the position with the approval of his direc- tors and the sanction of the National Debt Commis- sioners. Mr. Simpson continued his services as a trustee, a position he has continually held since the establishment of the bank in March, 1842. The auditors in their report stated that they had audited the books and vouchers of the bank and found them to be correct.

The Chairman in moving the adoption of the report said he was sure they regretted the circumstances under which he took the chair that day. They all regretted the absence of Mr. Brundrit who had taken an active- part for many years in connection with that bank, and who was its president and also the oldest depositor. Referring to the report he said it was very gratifying to note that the withdrawals had beert so exceedingly small notwithstanding the crisis through which their town had been passing. There w.as an important point for small dep,sitors in the readness with which they could withdraw their Say- ings, and he would call their attention to the satisfac• tory and able condition of the bank which was owing to the admirable manner it was conductei. He hoped that those who were not. depositers,and who were unable ts have an ordinary banking account, would see their way to become depositors at the Savings' bank. The more widely the usefulness of the bank became known the more would the public take advantage of it. The bank was fortunate in having the discriminating eyeof a government official constantly over the books of the bank and his wide knowledge of figures of that descrip- tion must always be to the advantage of the bank. (Ap•

plause.) Mr. James Handley seconded the adoption of the re- port, and concurred in wh, t had been said regarding the absence of the president of the bank,who had taken such an active share in the management. during the whole period of its existence,now over 50 years. He called at- tention to the gratifying fact that there were over 1,10. depositors, and that their deposits amounted tc) over £30,000, which gave an average of about £3O each. (Hear,hear.) In addition to that there was another fea- ture which was equally gratifying, and that was that small depositors were beginning to take advantage of the facilities which the Government had placed at their disposal for investing their money in consols for which they were able to obtain a fixed rate of dividend, and also able to withdraw their money at any time when circumstances required. Those were the advantages of the way y andtbe business that the wp savings' banks for those who availed themselves of them.. He was glad that their savings' bank was not only hold. public entitcwteci d e itnbge irt an appreciation autti nn progressing, Th by increasing the deposits. He had very great pleasure in seconding the adoption of the report. On the motion of the Chairman. Mr. J. B. Holland, the hon. treasurer of the bank was thanked for his ser- vices. The Actuary read a letter from Mr. Edward Marwood

who tendered-his resignation as one of the auditors oa account of family bereavement and other circumstances. —Mr. Littler moved the following.' resolution : " La ac- cepting with regret and sympathy the resignation of Marwood as auditor the trustees and managers hereby place on record their high appreciation of his valuable services to the bank for many years." He said he had known Mr. Mar wood for many years and had alwayS found him a conscientious worker. --Mr. James Handley seconded,and said they all sympathised with Mr. Mar- wood in the circumstances which had led him to resign. —The resignation was carried unanimously. Mr. J. Littler proposed that the following be the auditors :—Messr. J. H. Salkeld, W. Williamson, C. Pownall, and W. B. Kay.—Mr. Morris seconded, and they were elected. Mr. James Flandley proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman.—Mr. Morris seconded, and it was agreed to. —Dr. McDougall responded, and hoped that every per son would put their shoulder to the wheel and try to bring about an improved state of things in the town. The meeting then terminated.

THE ORDER Or ANCIENT SEIEPHERDEft On Saturday afternoon the quarterly meeting of the Warrington district of this order was held at the Cheshire Cheese Inn, Latchford. The chairman was Mr. T. C. Duckworth, and the vice-chairman Mr. William Eckersley, who was supported by the treasurer (Mr. Thomas Parr). Mr. Edgar (secretary), and 20 other delegates. The secretary read the statement of accounts and the auditor's report, which were considered satisfactory, and were passed. The usual routine of the, quarterly business was then gone through, and at the conclusion of this'a short discussion took place upon several mat- ters referred to in the A. M. C. report of the Order. A vote of thanks to the chairman brought the meeting to a close.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
uPoin

he nk )r. Igo W.

OLD PEOPLE'S ANNUAL TREAT A RAILWAY (11IME T BLE JANUARY. fROM WARRINUTON TO Acton Bridge-7 107 35. 8 28. 10 45, 1 SJ, 2 35, 5 15, 5 355 . 7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Altur and Hilthouse-'712, 8 31,a1l 15,1 14.a3 15,a 40, a 6 a/ 9 Sun (aye 9 36, 2 5.8 50. a Stops if requiren. Birmingham (L & N.-W.)a3 23,7 10.7 35,9 50,10 45,12 0,1 50, 5 15. 7 20, 11 35. Sundays 3 O. 10 15, 4 2C, 11 35, aMondays only. Birmingham (Midland)-6 14, 9 32, 11 55, 12 55, 3 20, 50, 5, 11 52. Sundays 11 45, 4 25, 515 p.m. Blackburn -237, 5 29, 5 45, 8 35, 955, 1225, 2 25, 4 45 6 14,8 47 102. Sundays 843, 6 0. Blackpool-5 20, 5 45, 835, 9 55, 11 40. 12 25. 225, 45. 6 14, 7 17, 8 47, 102. Sundays 2 37, 8 43, 60. BolLon-5 45,8 5.9 19 10 0, 10 40.1 15, 3 20,4 21, 6 25, 9 5. Sundays 8 43 a.m., 5 0.7 47, p.m. Carlisle-2 37, 5 20, 5 45, 9 55, 11 40, 2 25, 3 48. Sundays 2 37, 3 35 Chester-7 42,9 5,10 23,12 7,12 15,1 40,1 52,3 13, 4 22, 5 11. 64.7 42, 1014, 11 32. Sundays 844 a.m. 7 45,11 32. bArpley. Collins Green-7 10. 8 20, 10 5, 12 7, 1 15, 3 30, 3 48, 55, 6 20, 78, 9 25, 10 20. Sundas 8 43, 60. Crewe-a3 0, b 3 23, 7 10, '735, 828, 950, 10 45, 12 0, 150, 2 35, 320, 5 15, 720, 11 35. Sundays 30, 10 15, 4 23, 11 35. aMoudays excepted. Mondays only. Daresbury-4 42, 9 5. 12 15, 1 52. 3 13, 5 11, 6 4, 742. 10 14 Sundays 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. Derby (Midland)-6 14. 9 59, 11 55, 12 55, 3 20, 50,11 53 Sundays 11 45 a.m., 4 25 pan, Barlesto% n-5 47.7 10.8 25,8 35,9.25,10 5,10 10, 1020, 10 40, 12 7,12 25. 1 15,3 30,3 48, 5 5, 5 25, 6 20,7 8, 9 20. 10 20. Sun- days,7 40,8 35, 8 43,a.m, 4 56,6 0, 7 47,9 45 p.m. lidinburgh-2 40. 520. 9 55, 11 40, 1235, 2 25, 3 48, 10 15 Sundays 2 40 a.m. 9 45 pan. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 38, 8 25, 9 43, 11 53, 1 55, -3 30, 512, 6 17, Bb. 94• Sundays 8 48, 2 40. 750. Frodsham-7 42. 9 5. 1023, 12 15. 1 52, 3 13. 4 22, 5 11, 6 4, 7,42,10 14. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 P.m. G-sxston (Cheshire Line)-7 12, 7 56. 831. 95.12 .0 15. 2 10. 40, 70, 80. c 9 30, dlO 20, 11 39 Sun- days 90, 9 55, 11 25, 2 39. 7 30, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. cSaturdays excepted. Glasgow-2 40, 520. 9 55, 11 40,, 12.35. 225, 4S, lull. Sundays 2 40, aan. 9 45. Golborne-5 45,7 10,8 35. 10 40,12 25, 1 15,3 48, 5 25. 7 17, Hongn 925 10 10. Sundays 3 43. 60. Green-7 12, 7 56,8 31, 95, a 9 30,12 0, 1 5,2 10.4 0 „°, 70, 79, 80, b 9 30, alo 20. Sunday 5, 11 25, 2 39, 7 ii, 9 18. aMondays and Saturdays only eSaturdays excepted. C Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 0, 755, 8 14, 70,9 15 Sundays 8 56, 10 12. 3 20, 5 15, 9 35. Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22. 80,9 0, 9 53, 1049, 12 36, 1 16. 338. 4 11. 5 18, 613. 78, a 7 45.° 13. Sundays 8 50, 3.8. 818. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 sa, 532. 7 10, 8 20, 8 35. 10 5, 12 7, 1 15, 3 48. 55,620 7 8, 9 25, 10 20. Sundays 35, 5 30, 8 35, 8 43, 3 28, 4 56, 60, 9 45. From High Level Platform. aMondays excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 38, 825,9 43. 109, 1153,1 55. 3 30, 5 12,6 17.8 0, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40,7 50, Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-a4 35. 530, 7 12, 7 56, 8 31. 550,95. 950, 1024. 1030, 1050. 1150, 120, 1250. 1257. 15, 141,150.210.250,38. 3 37, 3 50, 4 0, 4 50. 550, 618. 650,70, 7 SC, 80, 8 50.9 6, 920. 10 15 1046. alllo, 11 39 Sundays 435,5 30. 90, 9 45, 1125. 2 20, 2 39, 7 10, 8 30,9 18, 10 18, 10 33. alixcept Mondays. London (L.& N.-W.)-a3 0, 5323. 735, 9 50. 10 45, 120 150,3 20,5 15, 11 35. Sundays 30, 10 15,4 20,11 35 Mondays itxcepted bltlondays only. London (Midland)-6 14, 9 59, 1139. 12 55, 3 20, 50, 11 53. Sundays 11 45 a.m., 4 25 p.m. Lymm-6 20,7 22, 80. 90, 9 58, 1Q49, 12 36,1 16, 3 38. 4 11, 5 18.5 40c 6 13.7 8. a 7 45.9 13. Sundays 850. 38. 8 18. aSatandays only. cFrom Arpley Station. cWednesdays and Thursdays excepted, Manchester (L. & N.-W.)-2 45, a 3 10, b 4 45, 5 45. 7 10, 525, 9 19, 10 0, 1040, 12 14, 1 15, 2 0.3 20, 4 21, 525, 65 '7 17,9 5. 10 20. Sundays 3 10. 7 40, 843 a.m.,5 0, 6 20,7 47. From High Level Plattorm. aMondays only, bMondays ex- cepted. Manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-56 20 7 20, 7 55, 8 57, 9 55, 10 46. 1 14, 3 35. 4 9, 6 10, 7 5, 9 10, 11 40. Sundays 8 46. 35. 8 15. 11 40. *From Arpley Station. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 8 14, 8 55, 9 2 9 55, 10 55, 11 25, 11 55, 1255. 155, 255. 3 55, 4 55, 555 6 55,7 0, 7 55, 8 12. 8 55, 9 25, 9 55, alo 0, all 15, 1150. 11 57a. Sundays 8 56, 9 37, 10 12, 35, 3 2J, 515, 718. 8 55, 9 22, 9 35, 10 0. aSaturdays only. Middlewicn-7 35. 10 45. 2 35, 5 35, 7 20. Moore-7 35, 1 50, 2 35, 535. 7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m. New 45a,3 10c. a 4 45, 5 45,7 10,8 35,9 19, 10 0, 10 40, 1214, 1225. 1 15. 3 20, 348, 4 21, 5 25, 6 25, 717.9 5,9 25,10 10,10 20. Sundays 3 10.7 4Q. 8 43, a,m„ 3 35, 0, 60, 7 47, 9 45. aMondays only, cliondays excepted. Padgate-7 0, 755,8 14,8 47.10 27, 11 0, 12 27,1 44, 2 17,3 55, 528,7 0, 8 12, 9 15. Sundays 8 56. 10 12, 3 50, 515.9 35. Preston-2 37. 5 29, 5 45, 8 35, 9 11 40, 12 25, 25, 348. 445, 614, 717. 8 47, 10 2. SuniN_wtt 237, 843, 3 35, 60 9 45. Runcorn-7 38,8 25.9 43, 11 53,1 55, 3 30. 5 12, 6 17, 0, Sankey (for Penketh)-7 56, 95, 105, 11 0, 12 0, 15, 2 10, 2 58, 40, 5 29. a 6 J. 70,80. a 9 30, 510 20,1046. Sun -days 90, 11 25. 2 39, 9 18. aSaturdays excepted. bSatur' days only. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line -8 55, 10 55, 1227. 155, 46, 6 55. Sundays 5 5 p.m, St. Helens--5 32, 7 10,8 2), 835,10 5, 10 40, 12 7, 1 15, 3 30, 55, 6 20, 78, 9 25, 10 20. Sundays 8 35. 8 43, 4 :56,6 0, 945 Southport (Cheshire Lines)--? 12, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 15, 1 14. 3 15, 40, 53, 6 5,7 9,9 10. Sundays 9 35, 2 5, 8 50, aSaturdays only. Thelwall-6 20, 7 22, 8 0, 9 0, 9 58, 10 49,12 36,1 16.3 38,4 11, 518, 613. 78. a 7 45,9 13. Sundays, 8 50, 38, 818. a Satur- ays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines) -7 56, 8 31,9 5,10 5,11 0,12 0,1 5 10, 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60.70, 80. 910, a 930, 510 2). Sun- days 90, 9 36, 2 39, 9 18, aSaturdays except-ed. bSaturdays Only. Widnes (L. and N.-W-) -7 33, 8 25, 9 43, 10 9, 11 53, 1 55, 330, 5 12,6 17. 80, 9 43. Sundays, 8 48, 2 40. 7 50. Wigan -2 37, 5 29, 5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 9 55, 10 40, 11 40, 12 25, 1 15, 3 48, 4 45, 5 25. 6 14, 7 17, 8 47, 9 25, 10 2, 10 10, Sundays 2 37, 8 43, 3 35. 6 0, 9 45.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM

Acton Brldge-6 36, 7 45, 8 52, 11 43, 3 7, 440. 6 44, 829 Sundays 7 53, 4 32. Altcar and Eillhouse-1 16. 7 18, 824, 954. Sundays 20, 2 26, 8 22. Birmingham (L. & N.-W.)-3 10. 550, 7 20, 9 0, 11 30,3 40, 550, 7 25,10 15, 1115. Sundays 3 10, 12 15, 70. Birminglutai ( Aidland)-6 5, 8 50, 9 59, 11 30, 1 23, 2 40, 6 45 6 45. 610 30,11 19. :...undays 4 30. a.rn., 420, 1255. Mix- ept Mondays. Blackburn-8 30, 850, 1048, 1 55,2 40, 3 20,5 34,7 55, 10 12, 12 35, mindays 8 0, 5 40, Blackpool (Talbot Road)-8 12, 8 45, 9 55, 10 35, 35, 7 10, 8 35, 10 0. Sundays 7 25. 1 35, 5 15, 8 40. Blackpool (Central)-8 0, 827. 8 55, 9 55. 13 10, 20, 2 60, 4 45, 6 55, 8 15. Sundays 7 10, 1 20, 4 55. 8 53, Bolton-5 45. 80, 8 40, 9 15. 10 35. 12 35, 2 20, 4 15, 5 10, 555, 830. Sundays 8 20 a.m.,6 10, 920 p.m. Carlisle-12 5, 12 10a, 650. 8 40, 12 50,1 40, 422,5 38,8 41. Sundays 12 5 a.m.. 8 41. 12 10 p.m. alkiondays only, Chester-2 0,2 32, 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12, 11 5, 11 40, 1 25, Z 10,250. 345,55. 530. 635. 7 35, 8 35. Sundays 20, 2 32, 6 30.a.m. 6 50, p.m. aSaturdays only. Collins Green-6 39,7 16.8 42.10 9,11 28,12 38,1 4,1 43, 210 310.5 28, 6 23, 9 16. 10 46. Sundays 8 lu. a.m., 715. L rewe-2 1, 4 55. 60,6 30. 8 13.9 20, 11 5, 11 10, 1 50,2 35. .4 10,5 25.5 40,6 5,8 5,9 20. Sundays 2 1. 4 55,7 10.2 40.4 0.9 12. Daresbury-8 16, 10 17, 11 43,1 2 47, 5 24, 8 13. Sundays 7 21, a.m. 137 p.m. Derby-8 15. 1020. 110, 35, 350, 4 45, 70.8 3, al2 35 3 33. iiundays 7 30, 6 18, 6 50, 3 33. aExcept Mondays. 2Esnarlestown —6 59, 720. 843. 932. 1013, 1131. 12 41, 15, 3 14,3 21,5 8,5 20,5 53,6 37,7 14.7 38,9 20, 10 50. Bunchy' 8 24, 9 59, 4 0, 7 3i, 9 27. Edinburgh-10 20, 20. 60. 9 10. Sundays 60. a.m. 9 10. Fiddler's Ferry A Penketh-7 12, 95.9 43, 12 24, Z 17, 3 2/ 54, 8 57. Sundays 8 32, 2 57. 87. Frodsham-7 55, 93. 102. 11 27, 232. 47, 5 27, 657. 767 Sundays 6 59. a.m. 7 16 p.m. Garston(Cheshire Lines)-5 44, 627, 7 42, 90,90. 10 40. 125. 1256. 213. 35, 420. 4 56. 59. 556, 657, 93, 11 21. Sundays 8 23. 9 10, 2 40, 3 17. 4 42, 6 51. 8 54. Glasgow-1010, 20, 555 95. Sundays 5 50, 9 GolbJrne-6 44, 8 26. 10 22. 12 28,2 41, 436,5 35,7 15, 9 1, 1042. Sundays 9 40. 75. 5. Hough Green-6 40, 7 55. 8 25, 99, 10 3,1 9,1 54, 224, 3 19' 50 5 2.), 67, 7 11, 94, 9 18, 11 35. Sundays 8 37, 9 20, 3 31, 4 65,9 10. Irlam aud Cadishead (Central)-7 38, 9 53, 54, 8 52, 11 20 Sundays 1059. 6 53, 8 35. 10 U. Latchford-8 13. 8 40, 932 10 5. 11 17, 1 20. al 45, 213 3 0.4 22, 6541. 6 7, 6 49, 749, 942, 1127. Sundays 233

33, 7 33. aSaturdays only. bliaturdays excepted. 1 ' Liverpool (via Earlestown)—a2 85, 60, 80, 9 20, 11 50, 1.30, 30. 430 5 35, 8 35, 105, *lll5. Sundays 7 30, 9 20, .ft.m• 6 30, 8 40. 'Mondays only. *Saturdays only. Via Widnes-6 25.8 20, 95, 9 55, 12 35, 1 30. 2 40.3 35, 4 20, 620, 65. 8 10. 1045. Sundays 745. 2 10. 7 20. 10 45. Liverpool (Central)-5 35, 6 10, 7 20, 8 30, 8 45, 9 30, 935,9 38, 10 30 11 30.11 35,11 55. 1230,12 35, 1 0,1 30,1 50,2 0. 2 30, 3 45, 4 30, 4 40, 4 5.3. 5 30, 5 36, 6 30, 6 35. 7 30, 8 0 ,8 30, 8 40, 9 30. alo 45. 11 0, 11 30. Sundays 80, 9 0, 2 30, 2 55,4 20,6 30,8 30,833.9 35. a Mondays and Saturdays only. London (L. Sc N.-W.)-5 15, 7 15,10 10,1210,2 104 10, 5 30, 100. 12 0. Sundays 10 0 a.m.. 50, 100, 12 0. London (Midland)-5 15, 10 5. 12 0. 20. 40,50, a 9 15 12 0. Sundays 3 15, 12 0. a except Mondays Lyram-8 5 832, 9 23, 9 57, 11 9, 1 11. al 37. 2 5. 250 4 14. b 5 33. 5 59, 6 41, 7 41, 933. 1119. Sundays 825, 2 25, 7 15. aSaturdays only. bSaturdayrs excepted. Manchester (L. & N.-W.)-6 0,7 0,8 5,9 0,9 40,11 0, 11 25, 15. 2 2,3 0. 3 a 5,4 25,5 0, 5 10, 7 5.9 20.10 43. Sundays 80, 43 3 00,9 . 9 50, a.m. 60, 10 40. From Exchange. Manchester (London-road)-7 15, 750, 925, 1035, 1235, 15, i 2 0, 340 655, 520, 6 5. 7 5, 8 55, 1045. Sundays 7 40, 1 44, 6 30. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 48, 720, 8 30, a 9 5, 9 30, S 35, 10 30, 10 45, 11 30. i 2 30, 12 45. 1 30, 230. 3 30, 4 30, 4 48, 530, 6 30, 6 38,7 30, 3 30. 833, 9 55, alo 50,11 0. Sun - flays, 8 30, 9 10. 9 30,10 40.1 40.2 0 2 5,6 40, 8 15„9 40. aMim- days and Saturdays wily. Middlewich-6 48, 11 37. 2 42, 6 1. Moore-7 0, 96. 11 57,3 23. 4 55, 657. Sundays 3 15.448. Newton-le-Willows.-6 55, 730. 842, 923. 109. 11 33, 11 52, 1 6,1 30,3 0. 4 7.4 52.5 5,5 118. Sundays 8 30, 949, 10' 49.0 27,7 30.7 35. 9 9, 9 55 Padgate--1 51. a.m, 3 55,7 20, 11 5. , 8 26. 9 0. 10 6. 1 9, 2 5, 5 17, 7 3, 9 16. Sun- days. 8 53, 11 20, 232, 912, 10 13. Preston—a 2 11, b 2 36,5 50,6 25,9, 939. 1121. 1128. 246 2 11, 8 35,3 15, 6 10. 10 46 9 19, 13 23, 12 29, 1 33, 2 56, 4 25, 7 59, 9 30. 10 47. Sunday. .aMondays excepted. brdondaY mornings only Runcorn-8 39, 440. 5 4C, '6 29, 8 29. th)-6 51. 8 6 8 4 Sankey (for Penkc 1, 925, 10 19, 11 24. 12 36. 136.2 5.2 40. 3 44, 4 25,5 40, 6 22, 7 26, 9 34. Sundays 8 49,3 43, 5 7, 923. (C.L• (3' ) Sheffield (Midland) tla Chinley and Dore Line —ll 0, 20, 4 55. 6l' Sundays 8 15. St. Heiens-6 25, 7 0, 828. 9 18, 9 55,11 15,12 5. 12 50, 1 30, 155, 255. 4 45,5 15, 610. 70, 90. 10 33, *ll 20. Sunday 7 50, 9 35,a,m., 6 55, 9 5. *Saturdays only. Southport (Lord Street) -8 1,0, 10 20. 11 25. 10. 2 15, 250, 50, 355, iO, 85, a 9 0. 9 35. S - undays 90, 25.80. aSatut' - <lays only. 115 al. 4' 2 9 ..Chelwall-8 9, 8 36, 9 28, 10 10, 1113, , , -, , 255, 4 18, 6537, 63, 6 45, 7 45, 9 37, 1/ a 3. Sundays 8 29, 2 29, 7 19. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. 1 4, 8 Widttos (L. &N.-W.)-7 0, 856, 9 33,10 .53, 12 16* 8 942 2 10, 20, 40,5 0, 5 55, 6 46, 8 50, 11 6. -undays - . 50 . 7 59, 11 6. Widnes Cheshire Lines)-8 33, 9A- 12J. 10 9, 1112, 12 25. 1 25. , 42 230. 335. 4 25. 5 29.6 12. 7 16.7 56.9 10, 9 25. a 1 Sundays 8 42, 3 36.5 J. 9 7.9 20. aOrt Saturplays only. ~ 11 23, 12 15, ... Wigait-2 41. 35, 631, 815. 931. 1 1n " 2 41 9 33, z 50, 4 25, 454, 5 25. 75,5 52,19 30. tion'tAY, . 4'41,3 40, 6 55. 1113:

===== 0002601_18960111_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
AT WARRINGTON.

" The general usefulness of.the Parr Hall was fur- ther exemplified on Thursday week,w'nen the annual Old People's Treat was held there. The tables were arranged parallel with the corridors and when everything was in full swing,presented an interest- ing spectacle, The rows of grey heads—occasion- ally relieved by a bald one—looked both odd and striking, but there was no mistaking the happiness of the faces below them. Nearly 500 men, 60 years of age and upwards, were entertained to a substan- tial dinner, contisting of roast beef, roast pork, roast mutton, vegetables of various kinds, beer. plum-pudding, and bread and cheese. The following members of the Old Men's Dinner and Aged Women's Tea Committee were present : Alderman Sutton (president), Mr. Thomas Morris (hon. treasurer), Alderman Wright and Mr. T. A. Sutton (joint hon. secretaries), and Messrs. Peter Chrimes, James Smethurst, David Fanshaw. Daniel Jones, George Pilling, Harry Toft, Alfred Woods and Arthur Browne, to whom much praise is due for the great trouble which the preparation of the dinner had involved, all the details having been most sat- isfactorily carried out. Among others present were the May Dr and Mayoress (Councillor and Mrs. James Fairclough), Miss Mabel Fairclough,the Rev. Canon Willis, the Rev. E. C. E. Carleton, the Rev. H. V. and Mrs. Pigot, Mesdames Joseph Harrison, James Smethurst, Daniel Jones, A:fred Woods, James Richardson, George Holford, W. J. Forshaw, the Misses Spinks, Smethurst, Johnson (Penketh). Gill, Westwell, the Town Clerk (Mr. J. L. Whittle), Councillors Dr. Cannel! and John Lee, Dr. Peacocke, Mr. and Mrs. T. Shackleton, and Messrs. George Watkins, W. Gill,Frank H. Aukland, John Harrison, J. H. Smethurst, H. Hoult, T. Amos, J. Birtles, J. W. Haynes, Brundrett, Wright. jun., Francomb, jun., Taylor and Sutton, jun. The ladies headed by the Mayoress. were very zealous in their efforts to see everyone was served promptly and well, while their endeavours were ably supplemented by a number of young gentlemen. During the course of the dinner Mr. W. S. Woods played selections on the organ. On the completion of the meal and after the distribution of pipes and tobacco, the Mayor, Alderman Sutton, and several members of the committee ascended the platform. The PRESIDENT, Alderman Sutton, wished the old men the customary season's greetings and extended to them a hearty welcome from the committee. He observed ' that there was every indication that there was going to be better trade and more prosperous times, and he hoped that all the old men present who were fit to work would be able to find employment during the ensuing year. The MAYOR said he was pleased to have another oppor- tunity of seeing the old men at their dinner and in such a comfortable room. Last year they met in the Drill Hall, but since then Mr. Parr had generously presented the Parr Hall to the town and they were very grateful to him. (Hear, hear and applause.) He only wished Mr. Parr could have been present to see the old men, it would have rejoiced his heart exceedingly. He concluded by calling for three cheers for the committee, which were heartily given. Songs were at intervals rendered by Mr. George Bar- ton, the well-known Lancashire tenor, and Mr. J. S. Haynes gave a couple of much-appreciated numorous recitations, "The Charge of the Light Brigade," and "The Schoolgirl's Recitation." At five o'clock, tea consisting of sandwiches, currant bread, bread and butter, celery, Szc., was served to the old women, who numbered nearly 703, and completely filled the ground floor of the hall. The eatables disposed of all waited expectantly for the commencement of the entertainment.

'There was a very large attendance at 7 o'clock when an excellent variety entertainment was given. Down- stairs the building was crowded by the 700 women who sat for the tea and who now remained in the same places to enjoy the entertainment. On the platform were a number of members of the committee and also the Mayor. Alderman Sutton (president of the committee) officiated as chairman and in opening the proceedings said that on behalf of the committee he desired to give them all a hearty welcome and wish them a happy New Year. (An- plause.)He supposed they had something like 700 or 800 old ladies present that night who had •partaken of tea and about 400 men who partook of dinner, and the wonder was where they all came from (Laughter). Warrington could net be such an unhealthy town when they could produce so many old people of 60 years and upwards. (Hear, hear, and applause.) They all had a deal to be thankful for—in being allowed to meet there another Fear and also for the fact that instead of being bandied about from first one place and then another they had through the munificence of Mr. Parr—(applause) that magnificent Hall to assemble in. They were also thankful to all those good peple of the town who had subscribed to the proceedings. it was impossible to particularise but he might mention :that the other day Mr. John Crosfield sent them £5 (applause) ; ano'her gentleman who had been kind to them in the past and had this time given every old woman a present of a packet of tea and sugar, was Mr. T. Fletcher. (Ap- plause.) The MAYOR said that they had all been wished a Happy New Year and he would therefore wish them many Happy Returns of the Day." (Applause.) He hoped that they had all enjoyed their tea, and by their beaming faces lie judged they had. (Laughter and ap- plause.) He concluded by asking them to give a hearty round of applause to the president of the committee, the vice-president, treasurer,and secretaries who had got up the entertainment which was no light task for one day. —The tribute to the labours of these gentlemen was then boisterously accorded. Mr. T. MORRIS said that the treat to the old men and women cost something like £7O or £BO each year and unless he got £BO he could not pay the expenses of this one. Mr. Sutton, the president, wrote to the papers a few days ago asking wealthy people to assist more gener- ously.but he got very few replies. He mentioned that they had now only abont £l9 in the bank and would require £7O or £BO before commencing to collect for the nest treat and he appealed to their friends in the gallery and others, to assist them willingly. The entertainment then commenced and the following items were rendered including humorous songs by Mr. Frank Lelsdham :—" Death of Nelson," Mr. George Bar- ton ; "Darby and Joan," Madame Parker ; dialect reci- tation,"Come whoam to the childer an' me," Mr. Dennis Davies; "Mona," Mr. George Barton. After an interval val Madame Parker sang " Dear Heart" ; Mr. Leedham gave another humorous sketch ; Mr. Barton sang "Nora, the Pride of Kildare "; and Mr. Davies gave an excellent delivery of "Poor Old Noddle." This concluded the vocal part of the entertainment which terminated with a most laughable nigger farce entitled "Black Justice," in which the characters were taken as follows :—Judge, Mr. J. S. Haynes ; Counsel, Mr.W.C. Litton; Policeman, Mr.G.H. Hoult ; and minor parts were takes by Messrs. F. H. Aukland, Harold Loft, and W. Hoult. Mr. W. H. Payton accompanied on the piano. The whole proceed- ings proved highly enjoyable, and a thorough treat to the old folks,while the occupants of the gallery were not lacking in applause at various points. During the interval Alderman Sutton announced that the total number of men who came to dinner was 480 against 600 last year. The decrease he attributed to better trade and less depression:The highest age amor get the men was 89. 690 women appeared, making 90 more than last year. The eldest was 95. The grand total of both sexes was 1,170. Packets of tea and sugar, an orange and mince pie were then given to each woman. COCKREDGE MISSION. Perhaps one of the most successful events ever held in this place was that which took place on ' New Year's Day, the OCC6BiOII being an Old Folks Treat promoted by the select class of males, under the patronage of Mr. Z. Armitage and Mr. Arthur H. Lee. The " treat" took the lines of a sandwich tea and first class entertainment. From 3.30 the good old people of the neighbourhood began to assemble in the chapel where selections of music were discoursed by Messrs. Jackson (w) and tieardsall (piano), and Adcroft (clarionette) prior to ad- journing to the schoolroom for tea. The place had been suitably decorated with bunting, banners, and mottoes bearing the inscription "A hearty welcome to the old folks," Ac. The tables, which were heavily laden with the viands provided, were relieved by window and hot- and Mr. Griffiths, and when the aged peopl ( of house plants, kindly lent for the occasion bye pa Mersw.Adrciirsoft 200) rose to sing "Be present at our table, Lord," the whole presented a cheerful scene long to be remembered. After tea the old folks returned to the Miasin Hall, where there Jehnpti cnosmt emn e nocuepdear itn6t e.3nod, eunnod! der theu pp oprrteM. esdi d eonnc yt hoef platform by Messrs. Brown, Jackson (George), Robin- son, Sudlow, Clare, Gallop, and Cox, a carefully programme.pre- paacrkedsenendßushton, were rendered ; ererdecitations by by Misses Jackson Messrs. Phcenix and Lowe; concertina solos bv Mr. Songs s Mr. w S. n William Smith; duets (vocal) by Messrs. Butterfield and Jackson (J), and a dialogue" Paddy's Mistake," which created much merriment, by Misses Cousins and Lilley and Messrs. Butterfield, Lowe, Phcenix and and Jackson (J). Mr. Walter Bellian also sung four humorous songs in his own refined, accomplished and inimitable style which were richly enjoyed by the audience. Every item on the programme was performed in an excellent man- ner and fully deserved the manifestations of approval with which it was received. Mr. William Jackson ably officiated the entire evening on the pianoforte and har- monium, and about 9.15 the old folks dispersed well satisfied and very profuse in their expressions of grati- tude for the "grand treat" which had been afforded them

ONE CASE OF ARMY: AND NAVY MEDICINES contains sufficient to cure I.lontagious Diteases of a certain class, (internal and ex- ternal). Price 48.16 d. Single Bottles of Mixture 2s 9. Only of HOPE. Operative Chemist, (la Methuen) 332 Deansgate. Manchester. Advice free.

A DISPUTE OVER A RAFFLE TICKET.

A singular claim was heard at the Warrington County Ccurt on Thursday, before his Honour judge Wynne Ftoulkes, in which Joseph Bradbury, puddler, 75, Well- field-st., brought an action against John Wooton, iron worker, 108 Cartwright-st., for the specific return of a raffle ticket which he alleged had been obtained from him by the defendant by means of a trick. Mr. Arthur Browne appeared on behalf of the plaintiff,and Mr.T. H. Granger defended.—Mr. Browne said that some time ago his client purchased a raffle ticket from a man named Thomas Morris, and it was numbered 38,and the article to be raffled for was a gun which was at Huyton Quarry. The purchase took place in the Bowling Green lrin,and a friend of the plaintiff named Samuel Steven- son was also present and bought number 37. The gun was raffled for a few weeks ago, and shortly afterwards defendant visited plaintiff's house and asked what was the number of his ticket. The plaintiff replied " 38." Wooton then asked him to lend him the ticket and he would see if it was the winner. Bradbury did so, and Wooton took it away with him. Suteequently Brad- bury discovered that the winning number was 38, and that therefore he had won the gun. He accordingly went to the defendant and asked him for the ticket say • ing that he wanted to get the gun. Defendant however, refused to give up the ticket on the plea that it had not been paid for. Plaintiff replied that he had paid Thomas Morris for it, but to that Wooton answered that he had not received the shilling from Morris, and that he would not give the ticket up before Morris gave him the shill- ing.Mr.Browne put in a letter purporting to be from the defendant to Mr. S. Merrington, of Huyton Quarry, having reference an the tickets which he said Morris had had up to the previous week. Be had seen Morris about the tickets and had also spoken to" Jack Williams about them." The latter would not take them because he had others to get rid of. " Tom Morris has got two books to sell, or else he would have had the lot. The other six he has sold, and I have to see him again for the money which he says will be all right. I told him that what tickets he had left I would send them hack to you. J. WOOTON."—After the letter had been read, the Judge asked who had got up the lottery,but Mr. Browne replied that he did not know. It was not the defendant, how- ever.—Mr. Granger at this point asked if the case did not come under the Gaming Act, but his Honour said that it did not, as it was merely for the regaining pos- session of a piece of paper and had nothing to do with the lottery itself. He would advise a friendly settlement of the affair.—This course was not adopted, and the plaintiff was then called. He corroborated his solicitor's statement, and in cross-examination by Mr. Granger, he denied that he had had the ticket from Wooton. He stated emphatically that it was from Morris that he had bought the ticket, and that he had paid for it at the same time.—Thomas Morris, shingler at Bewsey Forge, deposed ta selling the ticket to the plaintiff and to re- ceiving a shilling in payment. The raffle had been got up, at Huyton Quarry, and some tickets had been given to him to get rid of. Having sold some of them, he handed the remaining ones over to the defendant. He also offered him the shilling which he had received foom the plaintiff, but Wooton replied that he weuld rather receive the whole of the money at once, In his (witnees)opinion,Wooton had refused the money because he wanted the gun himself.—Samuel Stevenson also gave corroborative testimony.—Mr. Granger said that his case was that the tickets had been in charge of Wooton and that they had been handed over by him to Morris on October 22nd to sell. Morris subsEquently handed him back the tickets he had not sold, and it was then that Brodbury asked for one. One was given to him, Bradbury promising to pay for it later on. A day sr two later, defendant met Brad oury and ;asked him for the money,but the latter replied that he had paid Morris. Defendant then said that he had not authorised Morris to receive the money AO that it had not been properly paid for. In conclusion, Mr. Granger submitted that if there was a contract in the first place for the sale and pur- chase of the ticket, it was voluntarily discharged when the plaintiff handed back the ticket to Wooton rather than pay for R.—John Wooton, the defendant, was then called,and said that 12 tickets had been sent to a person named John Williams to sell at Dallam Forge, but as he w nild not have them, he (witness) took charge of them and subsequently handed them to Morris to sell. A week afterwards Morris asked him to take the ticket hack,and said that Bradbury had one, and promised to pay the shilling later on. Bradbury afterwards told witness that he had paid Morrie for the ticket. He could not get the money and the consequence was that defendant had to pay the money for the ticket himself. In fact Bradbury returned :the ticket rather than pay for it.---Cross examined : He admitted that he had claimed the gun from Huyton Quarry. He denied that Morris had Ever offered him the money for the ticket, and also discoun- tenanced the letter handed in by Mr. Browne, saying that he had not written it, rer had anything to do with ic.—His Honour said that the weight of evidence was with the plaintiff, and he believed that the ticket had been paid for by Bradbury. He would, therefore, give judgment for the specific return of the ticket, and also Is. damages, and ordered payment of costs.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
THE JACKSON-HARMS WORTH POLAR EXPEDITION.

A very interesting souvenir of the Jackson Harms. worth Polar Expedition is at ores.nt beim, exhibited by a well-known firm of Queen's Furriers in Bold-st., Liver- pool. This is the skin of a magnificent Polar bear which fell to the unerring aim ot Mr. F. G. Jackson, F.R.G.B , who is in command of the expedition. This splendid specimen from the polar region, was forwarded by Mr. Jackson to hi; brother by the Windward, which brought home tidings of the intrepid explorers. Tha reason why the skin was handed to Messrs. W. Creamer and Co. for treatment is that our famous North of England firm of furriers are connected in a very practical:way with the expedition, inasmuch as they supplied the whole of the suits of fur clothing and sleeping bags which Mr. Jack- son took with him on his pioneer polar attempt. Messrs Creamer most certainly he congratulated upon the com- pliment which has been paid to them by Mr. Jackson, and the promoters of the expedition, for it unquestion- ably indicates in a very marked manner the national eminence and wide-reaching reputation they have attained.

In 1694 France obtained over sixty thousand pounds from the taxation of bicycles. The number of wheels " declared " was one hundred and forty seven thousand nine hundred and seventy-seven. The amount received from the tax was nearly five times that obtained during the same period from the taxation of horses and other animals used for drawing vehicles.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SAI URI) AN, JANUARY 11, 1896.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTABLISHED 1351.

BIRKBECK

BANK.

Southampton Buildiny,s, Chancery Lane, London, TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed on DEPOsITS, repayable on demand. TWO per cENT on CURRENT ACCGUNTS, on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below RIM/. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purchAstd and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT.

For the encouragement of Ihrift the Bank receives small sum deposit, and allows interest monthly on each com- pleted 2.

BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH.

BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH.

The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full partiaulArs pos tree.

FRANCIS RAVENSCROFT, Manager.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
p TcTneoi Rii A L Tuto 1 being published at Nett Price, it cannot be obtained of any book or musicseller under 5.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
-• ' 4 C ;t • 4 ' A s • PILLS - es,t,

TOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS. DISORDERS

SUCH AS SICK HEADACHE

===== 0002601_18960111_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSTIPATION

PIA sent OFOR T E :"-ent posDetsFcrirepetiovne aPprpolsipmectitouns o " Magazine of Music," Office, 20; Ludgate Hill, London. B.C. I rt ;

Tu ToR 1- The most re- markable & cheap- est book ever published. The Pianof ' ,lified

noforte simp]

===== 0002601_18960111_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
WEAK STOMACH,

IMPAIRED DIGESTION,

DISORDERED LIVER

and FEMALE AILMENTS.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
OLLOWA Y'S

PILLS AND OINTMENT

Will Cure

BRONCHITIS, 'ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, dco. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, &a.

BRUISES;

Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CSESTS

W . ITU a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as

COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but

===== 0002601_18960111_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S PILLS,

as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

FREE FROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0079.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
COCKLE'S

5

===== 0002601_18960111_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
ANTIBILIOUS I LS.

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

1r Majesty's Rd:

and semi direct to U. Saniiief,

enclosing this announcement from ths Alt KINGTON "EXAMINER." H. SAMUEL, Largest English Watch Manufacturer, 97, fle, 101. 33, 89, & 121, MARIET STREET, MANCHESTER.

WASHES EVERYTHING.

IRISH CAMBRIC POCKE HANDKERCHIEFS Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN COLLARS.

SAVES HAND-LABOUR. , ) .

===== 0002601_18960111_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
NET 250 PA.GE3

(Full Music Size POSTContqins 70 Illustrations and over 250 Songs FREE Dances Carols. Anthems and Hymn Tunes.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0082.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
7

===== 0002601_18960111_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
/Mao to the ettitor.

COUNCILLOR BENNETT ON TLIE UNEM- PLOYED AND IRELAND. Sir,—lt would probably be a sufficient reply to Mr. J. C. Dalton's letter to refer him to mine of the 19th December last. I have already answered him twice— once at the Debating Society, where the matter ought to have ended, and once through the columns of "The Examiner," as above mentioned; and i'; is too much to expect me to answer him every other week. However, 41 order that there may not be any possibility of mis- understanding, permit me to say again : First, that I never used thelword of which Mr. Dalton complains in any such sense as he attach.s to it, and meant it to be applied to the problem to which I was alluding and not to the unfortunate peopth who are affected by it. Secondly, that the whole tenour of my observations showed plainly that they were prompted by a strong sympathy with the unemployed, and a desire to find them employment. Thirdly, that, in my reply at the close of the debate, so far from" making indecent remarks about the poor and the afflicted," I said that the heart of every humane man wassaddened by the poverty and the distress which unfortunately prevail in our great cities, that it was our imperative duty to endeavour to deal with the question; and that Imperial Federation offered two ways of doing this—l mentioned others as well—one of which was to endeavour to restore -and to increase our commercial prosperity by establishing Free Trade with the Colonies, and the other by permanently providing any who might still be unsuccessful in obtaining satisfactory employ- ment at home with the opportunity of receiving new homes—not in the workhouse—but in those noble British Colonies where the old flag floats, and the old language 'a spoken,and the old laws revered, and where there are ample opportunities for everybody, on lands which are the richest in the world. Feurthly, that, in everything that I have ever said or written on the subject, it has been plain to my unpreju- diced mind that' have always regarded the"problems of poverty" as amongst the saddest and the most impor- tant of any of the problems with which we have to deal : and that, if there is one thing more than another which distinguishes " the New Conservatism," it is its sympathy with social legislation, and its desire to brighten the lives ol the poor. I may add that, for over fifteen years, I have been actively connected with Debating Societies, but that. during all that time, Mr. Dalton is the first person who has ever. to the best of my remembrance, refused to ac- cept an explanation offered in good faith in the course of a discussion, and has preferred, for party reasons, to drag the matter into the press. I have now explained my views three times,but,if Mr. Dalton thinks that he can damage me in the eyes of my constituents, or serve even the Home Rule cause, by again repeating his misrepresentation, well, England is a free country,and there is not anything to prevent him, but he must pardon me for remarking that such a method of warfare is not usual amongst fair-minded people.—Faithfully yours, Warrington, 2nd January, 1896.

ARTHUR BENSETT.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RURAL DISTRICT

COUNCIL.

The monthly meeting of this Council was held at Bewsey Chambers on Wednesday. Mr. William Houghton presided, and there were also present Messrs. J. Houghton, J. Warburton, J. Dignum, T. Halton, J. W. Knowles. J. Mather, J. Johnson, S. Sutton (clerk), Dr. Sephton (medical officer), F. Kerfoot (nuisance inspector), and D. S. Stone (representing Mr. Owen).

ILLNESS OF THE CHAIRMAN AND SIIRTRYOR.

A letter was received from the Rev. G. F. Roberts ex- pressing his regret at not being able to be present owing to illness.—The CHAIRMAN said that they all very much regretted the cause of Mr. Roberts' absence, and hoped that he would soon be able to be with them again.—The CLBEZ said that Mr. Owen, the surveyor, was also away owing to a temporary illness, and that he was repre- sented at that meeting by Mr. Stone.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
BALANCE IN HAND.

The CLERK reported that the balance in hand was as follows: General account, £7l 12g. 7d.; and Burton- wood sewerage loan account, £1,280 51.

TSB REV. J. S. LANGHAM AND THE COUNCIL.

With reference to the matter in dispute between the Rev. J. J. Langham and the Council concerning the case of a child of the former which had been in the Fever Hospital and which he wished the Council to pay for, the Clerk said that the Town Clerk of Warrington had advised that the Council pay the bill and then recover from the Rev. J. J. Langham.—Mr. KNOWLES said that that was the wrong course. They could have no claim against Mr. Langham if they paid the bill. Referring to letters which Mr. Langham had written, Mr. Knowles said that they ought not to enter upon any paper war- fare with that gentleman. He described Mr. Langham's letter to the press as an insulting letter, and he did not think it wri far from libellous, but he supposed they could not collectively take any action against him. The CLERK suggested that a letter be sent to the Town Clerk setting forth their answer to the allegations of Mr. Langham, and the Council decided to adopt this course. 'MI PROPOSED GAS LAMP AT PADGATE RAILWAY STATION. A letter was read from Mr. T. H. Granger, clerk to the Poulton-with-Fearbead Parish Council, calling the atten- tion of the District Council to the fact that the lamp which was promised to be put at the entrance to Pad. gate station had not vet been placed there.—The CLERIC said that it was not the fault of the District Council that the lamp had not been erected. The gas department of the Corporation had been so busy that they had not found time to de the work. As soon as the pressure of business had abated, the work would be done.—Mr. Jomi HOUGHTON : It will soon be light enought to do without a lamp.—lt was decided that the Clerk write to the gas department asking for the work to be done at once.

CLAIM EY A FARMER FOR COMPENSATION. A claim for compensation was sent to the Council by Mr. Matthew Pownall, farmer, Sankey, for loss he alleked he had suffered by a sewage pipe being placed across his field to take the sewage of Mr. Tunstall's house lower down the brook which forms the boundary between the townships of Great Sankey and Penkettc. The Clerk said that a complaint was made some years ago by Mr. Pownall that the sewage from Mr. Tunstall's house polluted the brook from which his (Mr. Pownall's) cows drank. He therefore asked that the sewage be de- posited further down the brook,and nearer the river. It was ultimately decided to place a sewage pipe which had to go through a field belonging to Mr. Pownall,and that gentleman now claimed that he had suffered loss to his pasture to the extent of some £5 which a Mr. Hunt,who rented the field off Mr. Pownall claimed,and Mr.Pownall also claimed 30s. for himself. He (the clerk) said that he must say that some compensation would have to be paid to Mr. Pownall, but he did not see that they had anything to do with Mr. Hunt.—Mr. Pownall, who appeared in person to make, his claim, was then called in, and produced the vsluation which the burley- man of Penketh had placed upon the damages suffered by the work of laying the sewage pip-,which was laid at £5. A long discussion arose between Mr. Pownall, the members of the Council,and Mr. Pownall was then re- quested to leave the room while the matter was discussed in private.. It was finally decided that Mr. Pownall be allowed 30s. for the loss he had suff-red personally, but the Council declined to entertain the claim of £5 which was made by Mr. Hunt. It was stated by Mr. Kerfoot that Mr. Hunt raised no objection to the men going on the field for the purpose of laying the pipe. ANOTHER CLAIM AGAINST THE COUNCIL. A letter was read from Mr. S. Wallhead on behalf of Mr. W. D. Houghton complaining that the brook above mentioned was Polluted with sewage owing to it being discharged only 250 yards away ,rom a'reservoir which Mr. Houghton used for the purpose of his works. Mr. Wallhead also alleged that Mr.Houghton had the right of abstraction of water from the bro.- k, and threatened legal proceedings if steps were not taken at once to meet this complaint. —The Council passed a resolution autho- rising the Clerk to obtain legal assistance should Mr. Wallhead's threat be carried out, and the right of Mr. Houghton to a public watercourse was also ques- tioned.

THE TAXING OF BICYCLES. The Newhaven District Council sent a communica- tion recommending that the Warrineton Council join with them in favour of putting a tax upon bicycles, the tax to be used for the improvement of highways.—Mr. Beroweits said that he understood that the -Runcorn District Council had passed a resolution in fa- vour of this proposal, and he did not see why they should not do so also. FT thought it would be better for both cyclists and the public generally. He proposed that that Council support the Newhaven Union.—Mr. Join; HOUGHTON seconded the motion, re- marking that cyclists took all the road uo.—The motion was carried unanimously. . MEDICAL OFFICERS' REPORT. The MEDICAL OFFICER reported th:tt during the month there had been 22 births, and eivht (loathe, which was an average death rate of 8.7 per 1 000 ?ffainst 13, the average of the last three months, =trel against 11*2 the corresponding period last year. The death rate from z tic diseases was .8 per 1,000 eetinst 11, the y 4.4 i /Ka eof the last three months and •8, the, correspond- Li4t: %riocl last year. The one death from zymotic - ariet fever. There h-ei been nine cases of scarlet fever, one case ot enteric feve,, and one case of continued fever, reported. The epidemie of measles at penketh, and of scarlet fever at Padeate had now passed away. The report was adopted. SURVEYER'S REPORT The SURVEYOR reported that doe ' 'le the month, in- spections had been made of the heu. - of Mr. Ezard,and Mr. Hindley in Padgate ; additions to the ;dm Tree Inn, Burtonwood, and Co-operative S ,-; --fq premises at Penketh. The plans of the vere ; ... e e to Co-operative Society's houses at Penketh were r ,' ;emended to be passed as they were in accordanee ee't the bye-laws. The Burtonwood drainaee scheme hie t,, rn satisfactorily completed, and he recommended U. it ee now handed over to the Burtenwood Parish I...cum:lL—The report was adopted.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD.

The last meeting of the old Board was held in the Board room at the Town Hall, Runcorn, on Tuesday afternoon. Mr. J. Pritchard occupied the chair, and there were also present :—Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, Dr. McDougall, Mr. F. J. Norman,J.P., Mr. E. J.P., and Mr. G. Moss (clerk.

INCREASE OF SALARIES. The School Management Committee recommended that the salary of W. Sennan, certificated assistant teacher at the Greenway-road Boys' School be advanced to £9O per annum, commencing February Ist, 1896. Tne com- mittee also recommended that the salary of W. Wilson, assistant teacher at Brunswick-street boys' school be advanced to £65 per annum, commencing February Ist. —Dr. McDougall moved the adoption of the minutes, and stated that the increase of salaries came in due course, and was in accordance with the custom of the Board.—Mr. Norman seconded the adoption of the minutes.—The Rev. Dr. Gastaldi moved an amend- ment that the question of increase of salaries be deferred for six months. He did so on the ground that unless they did so, they would have to rescind one of the propositions adopted when they took over Granville-street and Brunswic street schools, namely that they were transferred in statu quo and that no change should take place until they were established in the new schools to he erected. They were going too fast in advancing salaries of those already well paid for their services,and were doing an act against the ratepayer's interests. The town was in a state of despondency, almost bankruptcy he might call it. At almost every meeting of the Board there was the ques- tion of increases of salary. Be proposed that the matter be deferred for six months.—Mr. unison said it was clear that Dr. Gastaldi's argument did not apply to one of the teachers who was not affected by the resolution which Dr. Gastaldi had mentioned. With regard to the other teacher, he thought as practical men they had to consider that the advance was only the marketable value of his services. If they were called upon to fill up the vacancy they would have to pay the amount they proposed to give him. To the latter argument of the previous speakers, that the question of salaries was always recurring at their meetings, he might say that it always would until they had drawn up a scale of salaries.—Dr. McDougall said the committee had broken no faith but had merely done what they considered the teacher in question could claim, that was to be put on an equal footing with the other assistants of the Board schools, who were exactly on a par with himself in point of attendance and ability to teach. They did not pro- pose to interfere in the least degree with Use policy of the Board when these schools were taken over. The question was recognised when he applied for an increase of salary that it would be better to place him on an equal footing with others rather than to place him in a posi- tion of discontent. He hoped Dr. Gastaldi weuld with- drawn his observation. Nelther the committee nor any one connected with the Board was prepared to go behind what had been decided upon.—Dr. Gastaldi stated that Dr. Mc Dougall was one of those who stated that they must have nothing to do with increases of salaries in regard to the Wesreyan schools which the Beard had taken over until they had settled down, and were able to see their own way. He thought it was very premature to increase salaries with the fact before them that nothing should be done until they had got the schools In proper order.—Dr. McDougall said that was not a proper interpretation of what the Board meant. The agree- ment with the teachers was to be of a temporary char- acter until the policy of the Board had developed itself, and they saw what salaries were required. The teacher was entitled to the increase if the schools had gone on under the old management, and they felt they could not resist the application.—As no one seconded Dr. Gas- taldi's amendment it fell to the ground. THE PROPOSED INCREASE OF MEMBERS.—DEFERRED BY THE EDUCATION DEPARTMENT.

A communication was read from the Education De- partment stating that as the triennial election of the School Board has taken place, their Lordships could not now issue an order for the election of two additional mem- bers of the School Board. But their Lordships will in the order for the next triennial election direct that nine members to the School Board shall be elected in accord- ance with the resolution passed by the Board which is hereby approved by the Education Department under section 31 (1) of the Elementary Education Act,lB7o. The Chairman said they could only express their regret that they had not the advantage of nine members. It was rather a peculiar coincidence that when the Board was in a position to adopt nine the majority of the members voted against, but now that the members were all in favour of it it could not be adopted.—Dr. Gastaldi thought they might ask the Education Department to reconsider the question inasmuch as the matter was under consideration before the election.—Mr. Imison thought it was only fair to state on behalf of those who voted against the increase of members in the first in- stance, that they did not know there Was a general desire for the increase. They assumed that there was no evidence of strong feeling on the part of the public, and he thought they were rather entitled to credit inas- much as they acquiesced in it when they knew there was a desire for it, and tried to brine it about, IaBsIGNATION OF TBACHERs.

Letters resigning their positions were read from Mr. George Rowley, Brunswick-st. boys' school, and Miss Mayan, Greenway-road Board (boys') school. In the case of the former teacher the usual term of notice was relinquished inasmuch as he was desirous of departing almost immediately for South Africa.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
APPLICATIONS FOR INCREASED SALARIES.

The following applied for increase of salaries :—Miss Jessie Ashbrook, Granville-st. school ; Miss Ellen Crow- ther, Granville-st. sctlool ; Mr. J. C. Cragg, Greenway- road boys' school; Mr. J. Pritchard, caretaker at the Greenwav-road schools;and Mr.J.F Moulton,head master of the Greenway-road school.who stated that he respect- fully renewed the application he made sixteen months ago for an increase of salary. It was n)w upwards of five years since he received an advance, and he confi- dently trusted that the series of excellent examination results and annual reports of H.M.I. had given them perfect satisfaction and they would, therefore,be willing that the renumeration of his services should be equal to that of the headmasters under similar circumstances. He begged, respectfully, therefore, to suggest that his present quite inadequate stipend £lBO be raised to £250 per annum.—The letters ware referred to the new Board, on the motion of Dr. McDougall,seconded by Mr. F. J. Norman.—Dr. McDougall gave notice that he would move at the next meeting that all correspondence should be received by the Clerk, 24 hours before the meeting ef the Board.

THE CHAIRMAN THANKED FOR HIS SERVICES.

I Dr. McDougall said before Mr. Pritchard left the chair he would like to propose a vote of thanks to him for the way he had discharged his duties. Although he (Dr. McDougall)had not always been in sympathy with his rul- ing,yet he had always recognised that the Chairman had been anxious to discharge his duties as fairly as possible. 'raking a retrospect of the last three years he was sorry that they had not been able to discharge their duties in a more expeditious manner than they had been able to do. The transfer of the two denominational schools en- tailed considerable anxiety and time. He hoped that as these schools had been transferred and were working well to the advantage of the public,that the Board would see its way to carry out in a more energetic manner the policy en undated by the Board than they had hitherto done. It was exceedingly unfortunate that the plans for the new schools in Greenway-road which had been before the Board, had been kicked about from pillar to post. They had been sent from the Committee to the Board and from the Board to the Committee, and at present there were no plans before the Board. It was evident that every year the Board continued to hire the schools, it was a yearly loss to the public. The amount paid yearly for them would, if capitalised, be sufficient for the new schools it was proposed to erect. It was very evident that if the next Board members intended to acquit them- selves as business men, they must adopt business habits and capacity, and combine in having the plans passed quickly and starting the building operations at the pro- per time, viz., as the spring opened. He thought the Board wbuld not be doing itself justice without passing that vote of thanks. The remarks he had made were not a reflection on the chairman because the Board must assume the responsibility of their own acts. Mr. Imison said he would like to associate himself with the testimony regarding the chairman,and seconded the proposition. The Rev. Dr. Gastaldi said Dr. McDougall seemed to cast a little discredit en the Beard for its action with reference to the pans connected with the new buildings. But he thought if Dr. McDougall examined his own con- science he would find that ha had been the chief oppon- ent against the wish of the majority of the Board. He had wanted them to build baths, caretaker's rooms, Board rooms, and other things, involving the ratepayers in an expenditure of £B,OOO or £7,000. The Board was not prepared to do all this, but the members were satis- fied that good substantial schools chould be provided for the education of the children, and on that point every member was with Dr. McDougall. With regard to the remarks which had been made respecting the chairman, they were in perfect unison with his own feelings. Mr. F. J. Norman said his short experience on the Board fully entitled him to endorse what had been said respecting the Chairman. The Chairman, in reviewing what had taken place during the last triennial term of the Blard. said that with the attendance of scholars, they had arrived at the highest point of averages-83 per cent. Unfortunately they had lost one of their colleagues, much t the regret of every member of the Board. With regard to Dr. McDougall's objection regarding the new schools, he thought Dr. Gastaldi had rightly stated that none else but Dr. McDougall should be held respon- sible. _ . .

Dr. McDougall: It is not trite. In support of his con- tention be passed in review the proceedings of the Board both in committee and in the Board,and considered that Dr. Gastaldi was not free from blame. He (Dr. Mc- Dougall's) was a definite policy, whilst that of the Board was a negative one, or no policy at all. The Chairman said the majority of the Board could not see their way to accept the plans. Dr. McDougall pointed out that it was two months since the plans were referred back to the committee and they had not been touched since.

The Chairman continuing said he would like te remind the members that the Board had attained its majority. It was just 21 years since the Board was formed and he (the chairman) had been elected at seven triennial elections. He referred to the kind of scholars who first attended the Board schools,and contrasted them with tbe present, and he tendered his thanks to the teachers for bringing the schools into their present high state of efficiency. He was very pleased to be in the positien to make mention of such satisfactory results. The Board then rose.

RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT 'COUNCIL.

This Council met in the Board room at Dutton Work- house on Tuesday afternoon. Mr. J. Mclntyre, J.P., occupied the chair, and there were also present : Admiral Parry, Messrs. T. Baxtor,C.C., H. E. Heywood, S. Woodward, J. Parr, W. Pickering, 'F. Wright, W. Bradford, J. Spruce, A. Greenway., E. Wallington, C. Roylance, T. Darlington, E. Aaron, 'F. Lewis, J. Weir, J. Darbyshire, J. W. Baguler, J. Stokes, J. B. Chadwick,E. Brettierton, and Mr. J. Ashton (clerk), Mr. G. Ashton (deputy clerk), Dr. Adams (medical officer), Messrs. Swinton and Diggle (surveyors), ana J. Farrington (nuisance inspector).

===== 0002601_18960111_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER SATURDAY, JANUARY 11, IK6.

SUTTON WATER SUPPLY,

The Local Government Board transmitted corr, Ipond- ence with the Parish Council of Sutton, with re,!ard to the provision of a water supply for that township in which the Clerk of the Parish Council was informed by the Local Government Board that the Rural District Council possessed the powers to carry out such a scheme.—The Clerk stated that he had seen Mr. Rigby, the chairman of the Sutton Council, and pointed out to him that the resolution passed by his Council was not in order, and would not be sufficient for the Local Govern- ment Board. Mr. Rigby said he was quite willing that the Rural Council should carry out the work.—lt was decided that no action shotild be 'taken by the Rural Council until the Sutton Parish Council had again con- sidered the matter.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED NUISANCE AT FRODSLIAII STATION

Mr. Thomas Hadfield. of 173, Grove-st., Liverpool, owner of a residence of Frodsharn, wrote complaining of the nuisance arising at Frodsham station, through de- composing bones and putrid meat and fat being landed there. The surrounding property was depreciated, and he himself had lost an excellent • tenant of his house which meant a loss wf £lOO per annum to him. He, urged that the Rural Council take prompt action to have the nuisance removed, as it was a most serious one. At the same time he had no wish. to injure any busines interests connected with Frodsharn and divert industry from the neighbourhood.—Mr. Dar bysiiire proposed that the nuisance inspector visit the place asd see whether 3, nuisance existed detrimental to health, and if so he proposed that the railway company be served with a notice to abate it.—Mr. Aaron thought that as the sub- ject was so serious that some steps should he taken te , abate it.—Mr.Williams stated that the Frocisham Parish Council had taken up the matter repeatedly and Mr. Thorne had visited the place.lf he was rightly informed the siding that would he necessary to carry the material to the works would cost £3OOO. It was a joint line between the London and North-We stem Railway , and Great Western Railway, and it was difficult to move both companies. He believed Mr.•Thorne had brought the subject befere the Joint Committee. The nuisance was greatest in hot weatter.—lt was decided that the Clerk should forward the communication to Mr. Thorne,' asking the railway company to take steps for the abatement of the nuisance.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COUNTY '3IF.DICAL OFFICER

A communication from the Northwich Rural District Council was read enclosing R. copy of o resolution to the effect that the Council having considered the letter from the County Council respecting the appointment of a county medical officer of healthdwaa of opinioa that the appointment entailed an unnecessary exponse on the ratepayers. and was of no advantage to the District Council. They asked for the support of the various councils in Cheshire.—lt was decided to support the proposition.

THE TAXING OF CYCLES.

The River Council of Newhaven Union wrote asking the Ru, corn Council to memorialiv.‘ the Chancellor of the Exchequer in favour of placing a tax upon cycles, the money to be devoted for the maintenar ce of high- ways.—lt was decided to support the memorial on the motion of Mr. Aaron, seconded by Mr. Parr. Only three members voted a4..Y,ainst.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
TRH RIVER POLLUTION NEAR wARRINGTON.

Mr. R. Potts, clerk to the County Council, wrote that ha would be glad to know .for the information of the Rivers' Pollution Committee whether the agreement with the Corporation of Warrington had yet been entered into and if so when the new sewer will be commenced and completed.—The Clerk stated that the matter was prim- arily for the Appleton committee to report upon. The Borough Surveyor of Warrington had prepared a report on the scheme recommending how it should be carried out.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
TAR ROAD ACROSS TIII3 LOCKS.

Mr. William Long, chairman of the Grappenhall Parish Council, wrote with respect to Latchford locks, stating that the council was of the opinion that the obligation of the Manchester Ship Canal Company to provide suitable and sufficient protection to the public crossing these locks was not carried out, as 'instanced by the late melancholy loss of life since they called the attention of the Rural 'Council to the matter. It trusted that the Council would press for the immediate attention of the canal cPmpany and would respectfully support a meeting on the spot of representa- tives of the Rural Council and the canal auth- orities to which the Parish Council would send a deputation, arid that no time might be lost in putting an end to the existing dangers.—The Clerk said the sec- tion of the Act of Parliament stated that the company must maintain the footpath across the locks for ever,and must provide suitable rails.—Mr. Baxter proposed that the Clerk write to the Ship CAnal Compsny drawing their attention to the section of the Act of Parliament and to the fact that no rails had been provided.—Mr. Swinton stated that there was R 3 well defined path. Sometimes the people had to cross over one lock and sometimes over the other, just as they were open or closed. The Council ought to get a defined road.—Mr. Aaron second id the motion, which was carried. THE SHIT"' CANAL BILL, LIGHT RAILWAYS, &C.

The Clerk read the report of the Parliamentary Com- mittee. With regard to the Bill of the Manchester Ship Company,it was proposed by Mr. Hey wood,seconded by Mr. Chadwick, and resolved that steps be taken to pro- tect the authority's works. It was also resolved that a petition be lodged against the Bill,and that the Council's surveyors and inspector be instructed to prepare details, showing the levels and low water mark of all the outfalls of the sewers belonging tc the Authority emptying into the canal,and also showinp* how such sewers will be affected by the raising of the waters of the caaal and the river Weaver. It was further resolved that the sur- veyor and inspector be paid extra for the work to be ex- ecuted. With reference to the question of light railways, it was resolved that the committee were in favour of the establishment of light railwa.ys,and that it Was desirable there should be state and local aid in their construction. The committee were of the opinion that if feasi- ble, the railways should be so constructed that the necessity of unloading and reload- ing* on the main lines be avoided The Par- liamentary Committee also resolved with regard to the new bill of the London aryl North Western Rail- way that the Clerk obtain a copy of the bill and that the surveyor examine the deposited plans and report to thw next meeting.—These minutes were approved on the motion of Mr. Heywood, seconded by Mr. Woodward.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
A ROAD AT LOWFR WALTON.

Mr. Weir drew the attention of the Council to the fact that the Manchester Ship Canal Company were diverting a road near the railway bridge at Lower Walton without having obtained the Council's permission.—Mr. Swinton pointqd out that it was an occupation road, but one which the pui-)lic had a right to travel over. The com- pany had no right to divert it without permission.—lt was decided that the Surveyor should visit the place,and report to the next meeting. MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT.

Dr. Adams in his usual statement reported that cases of scarl9t fever had occurred at Latchford, Moore,Seck- wick a.Rd Halton. Another case of diphtheria was re- ported from Frodsham.—The report Ras adopted.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
CANAL BOATS INSPECTION.

Inspector Farrington stated in his report that 49 boats were inspected during 1895, and that the condition of tho boats and their occupants continued to improve. There had been very little to complain of during the past year as regarded any infringement of the acts. No cases of infectious disease had been met with.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW HOUSES,

The Inspector asked for certificates of occupation of houses, two at Norley belonging to Mr. Thr alas Nowell ; two at Helsby, belonging to Mr. Joep Blythe ; and two near to canal and tunnel end in Ast, a, belonging to the North Staffordshire Railway and Ci..nal Cumpany.— The certificates were granted, with the excep• tion of the houses belonging to Mr. Blythe, as he was not at present in posses3ion of a satisfactory water supply. It was stated thst when he had connected the houses with one of the water company's mains, the cer- tificate would be given.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED OVERCROWDING,

The Inspector reported an alleged case of overcrowd- ing at a wooden hut on the canal bank at Weston Point and suggested that if such was the case, proceedings should be instituted at once an'ainst the occupier. The Inspector was given the necessary power.

HOUSEHOLD LrNENs,hemmed and marked free of charge —J. and W. DUTTON, Sankey-A., Warrington.—Advt A

===== 0002601_18960111_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL

The monthly meeting of the above Council was held at the Ea:lestown Town Hall on Monday afternoon. Mr. C. R. F. Borron, J.P.,C.C., occupying the chair. There were also present, Messrs. J. W. Emmett, T. Ormand,E. T. Evans, %V. Beatty, P. McMahon, W. Gilmour, R. Stone. J. Simpson, J. Slee, W. Thompson jun., J. Smith, F. J. Wood, Rev. E.W.%V.Kaye,J.K.Worsley (law clerk). TIIE TOTE OF CENSURE ON MR. MACMAFIONT RESCINDED.

The minutes of the last monthly meetiag which con- tained the reourd of a vote of censure upon Mr. Mc- Mahon for certain language he had used with reference to the law clerk, were moved by Mr. R.. Stone, seconded by Mr. Thompson.—Mr. J. W. Emmett said that he had something to say about the minutes, and before he did so, he would wish ail the Council a happy and prosperous Yew Year, and he hoped that after the Christmas holi- days they nad all come with a determination to carry out and facilitate the business of the present year to the best of their ability. (Hear, hear. He thought they could not do better at that meeting than to strike out the minute referring to the vote of censure upon Mr. MacMalion. He hoped and fruited that they were all in a good humour and would allow that minute to be ex- punged entirely outof the minute book. It would be a great pity to allow it to go forwari. Fie thought that Mr. 'McMahon had perhaps made a slip ofthe tongue. Ile did not know whether it was intentional, but he did not think so. He had not spoken to Mr. McMahon about the matter, and he had taken it entirely upon himself to ask the Council to expunge that minute from the minute book. Mr. McMahon was an old commissioner and that was the first time hehad ever had a censure passed upon He kMr. Erminett) did not think that Mr. McMahon had any intention of insulting the law clerk or anybody else. He therefore proposed his motion that the minute be expunged from the book.—The Chairman hoped that the council would conduct the business and do the work with less talk in the coming year. (Hear, hear) With regard to the proposition of Mr. Emmett, he (the chairman) had given Mr. McMahon an , opportunity of withdrawing his expression at the last 1 meeting. He thought that it would be better before , they dealt with the matter at alt, to hear the law clerk and Mr. McMahon.—Mr.Ormand said that in order that the matter might be put right, he had very much pleasure in seconding the resolution of Mr. Emmett. He thought that the minute would be a lasting disgrace to the Council,and it it remained it would not conduce in any shape or form to the dignity of the Council. It was perfectly true that Mr. McMahon was censured at the last meeting for some remarks he made, but he thought that they ought not to commence the new year by rati- fying that vote of censure by putting it upon the min- utiae book for all time against Mr. McMahon. He hoped and trusted that the members of the Council would pass the motion.—Mr. Stone,as the mover of the vote of cen- sure expressed his willingness to have the minute ex- punved.—Mr. MeMahon was then a.eked to say a few words. tie said that he never intended to say that Mr. Vforsley would not record the names correctly and more- over averred that mistakes had occurred with reference to his name,but he did not blame Mr. Worsley for it. The Chairman : I understand that you desire to throw no slur upon Mr. Worsley.—Mr. McMahon: Not the slightest.—Mr.Worsley after detailing the circumstances which led to the passing of the censure, said that he thanked the Board most sincerely for defending him There would be no one more pleased than he was that the motion should now be withdrawn. He had not the .lightest feeling against Mr. McMahon. He thought that the Council knew him well enough for that. He thought that the matter had been sufficiently noticed by the Council.—The Chairman having briefly spoken in favour of the motion, it was carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGHWAYS ETC. COMMITTEE.

The minutes of this committee which appeared in our last issue were proposed by Mr. Collingwood, seconded by Mr. Beatty. They wore finally passed with the omission of the minute that "the Council do not allow occupancy of any huts on the Market-square, except on Market days."

===== 0002601_18960111_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
OAS COMMITTEE.

The minutes which we published last week were Pro- posed by Mr. Smith, seconded by Mr. Ormand.—Mr. McMahen said that he wanted to !Tier to the gas mains in Common-road. He found that they were laid on the side of the road opposite to the houses. It was unreason- able that the gas should be so far from the houses. He did not wish to propose a vote of censure on the gas engineer—(laughter)—but as the land on one side of the road was common land, there would be no houses built there, he thought that it was not right to put the gas mains so far away from the houses. They had to cut the streets across in so many places to get the gas to the houses, and it thus added to the expense to which the property owners were put.—Mr. Beatty said that on the opposite side of the road, the water pipes ware laid, and it was usual to lay the water pipes on one side of the road, and the gas pipes on the other.—Mr. Gilmour thanked Mr. McMahon, who represented Viaduct ward, for taking so much interest in a street which was in the Town Hall ward of which he (Mr. Gilmour) was the representative. He was of the same opision as Mr. McMahon,that the pipes were placed too far away from the houses.—Mr. Emmett also spoke in the same strain. —Mr. Smith, in reply, said that before these strictures were made, they ought to have the gas engineer present. lie would, no doubt, satisfy them as to the reason he acted as he did. He would advise that the questions be asked in committee. He (Mr. Smith) had been on Gas Committees for over 30 years, ard he always found that lay men could always make gas better than the gas engineer, and that they could conduct gas works better than the chairman of the Gas Committee. (Laughter.) He, however, hoped that the questions would be put in committee.—The minutes then passed.

FINANCE COMMITTEE.—TUE ACCOUNT FOR TECIINICAL ItaTRUCTION.—ACRIMONIOUS DISCUS.ION.

Mr. Ormand in moving the confirmation of the minutes of the Finance Committee said that among the accounts to be passed was the unfortunate cheque about which inquiries were Made at the last meeting. It was not brought before the last meeting because Mr. Brierley was not present. Mr. Brierley had told him that he had ' sent it to the Viaduct Instruction Committee simply to save the bank commission upon the amount. He had sent the cheque forward,instead of bringing it before the Finance Committee. In future such an occurrence would not be repeated. He thonght that the chairman had some remarks to make relative to this, as his (Mr. Ormand's) name was perhaps inadvertently introduced into the debate a month ago.—The Chairman said that he had no observations to make. He thought that the matter had been properly brought up by the chairman of the Technical Instruction Committee, as he was ask- ing for information with regard to the cheque. It was quite right that the question asked at the last meeting should be put, and he was only sorry that the chairman of the Finance Committee could not see his way at once to state that some irregularity had taken place. He had now made an explanation which was very satisfactory. —Mr. McMahon seconded the Finance Committee's minutes. At the same time, he thought that Mr. Borron should apologise to the chairman of the Finance Com- mittee. It was only fair that he should do so, as many ratepayers had been asking what had been done with the money. It was only fair to Mr. Ormand that an apology should be made to him.—Mr. Gilmour said that Mr. Mrron distinctly told them in committee that he would withdraw and apoloaise to Mr. Ormand for what he had said. As he had preferred to apologise in committee,he ought to apologise in the Council as the matter had been the talk of all the town. The Rev.E.W. W. Kaye ought also to withdraw.—The Chairman said that what he had said was that if any cause arose he should certainly he happy to apologise for the remarks he had made. The public must judge, a 3 the Chairman of the Finance Committee had said that the matter would no occur again in future. Mr. Kaye had asked a ques- tion, and it had now been admitted that the cheque was endorsed and received by the Viaduct Institute.—Mr. Ormand : It was not endorsed by me. It was endorsed by the clerk.—The Chairman I It was endorsed by the clerk to " T. Ormand."—Mr. Ormand : I wish you would di tinguish between my private and public capa- city. I do not refer to you as a glass bottle manufac- turer.and I thank you to keep my private affairs out of the Council.—The Chairman : I am not addressing you as a clerk to the railway at all.—Mr.Ormand : You are referring to me in my private capacity.—The Chairman again contended that the cheque was endorsed by Mr. Brierley to the Chairman of the Finance Comnaittee, and that that cheque did not appear tefore the Council until that day. He therefore did not think that he had done or said anything which he should withdraw. The Chair- man of the Finance Committee was supposed to exercise supervision over money matters which came to that Council. It was his duty to see that those matteri came before the Council.—Mr. McMahon : If the County Council Technical Instruction Committee sent money directed to me, is the chairman of the Finance Commit- tee responsible for that ? The cheque came to our clerk and survevor.—The Chairman : As representing the Council.—Mr.MacMahon : Is the chairman to follow our clerk when he goes away ill, even when he does not know whether there is a cheque or not ?—Mr. Orman(' denied that he ought to have answered the questions at the last meeting. Ho ought to have had not ice given so that he should get information upon them, just as the chairmen of the Gas or Highways Committees were al- lowed notice. He was sorry that at the commencement of the new year the Chairman could not see his way to make the apology public which he had made at the last meeting of the Finance Committee.—Mr. Gilmour : You said at that committee meeting that you left'your- self in the hands of Mr.Ormand, and if he requested you you would offer an apology.—Mr. Ormand said that the chairman had said that he was satisfied with the state- ment that he (Mr.Ormand) had made, and he now asked for an apology which was only fair tc him.elf. Mr. Brierley had endorsed the cheque to save the bulk corn- mission.and if there was some slight irregularity he (Mr. Ormand) was not to blame. As Chairman of the Finance Committee, he was prepared to stand by certain mis- takes, but he was certainly not going to be responsible for irregularities any more than it would he fair to make Mr.Collingwond responsible for the misappropriation of funds by nightsoil men,which was a much more serious charge. He therefore asked the Chairman of the Coun- cil, as a gentleman to a*Tz what he had said with regard to himself. The words .nplained of were to the effect that the chairman had said that " he was sorry that Mr. Ormand had not thought fit to state fairly and clearly what had taken place with reference to the

money, but had sheltered himself behind the Viaduct Committee. He must take the responsibility of that course." He (Mr. Ormand) had stated the case to the committee, and the committee were perfectly satisfied, and Mr. Brierley was put right for the future. The chair- manapologised in committee, and yet he now refused to apologise in public.—Mr. Thompson said that there was no question of censure at all in that matter, and he thought that Mr. Kaye had earned the gratituie of the ratepayers by asking the questions he did. Mr.Ormand himself admitted that the thing had now been put right. and the occurrence would not be permitted in future. He was of the opinion that Mr. Borron in no way merited any censure,om the contrary,he merited their gratitude. —The Rev. E. W.W. Kaye said that he would be pleased to apologise for anything which might have misled the public in reference to Mr. Ormand's character. He did not think that he had mentioned Mr.Ormand's narne,but what he brought forward was that some irregularity had taken place. He mentioned that the chairman of the Finance Committee had brought forward a resolu- tion that no moneys were to be paid from the Council unless with the sanction of the Council. He found that that had been done and therefore he thought that it was his business to bring it forward. He had not mentioned Mr. Ormand's name in connection with the matter simply because he was acting in another capacity. If Mr. Ormand required it he would be pleased to apologise if he had said anything which might have misled the public in reference to the cheque. Mr. Ormand had satisfactorily explained the matter at the last cGmmittee meeting.—Mr. Ormand said that he accepted the apology in the spirit it was given.—Mr. Emmett said that he was surprised that Mr. Kaye had brought the matter forward as he must have known that Mr. Brierley was away from home at the time, and therefore nothing could be done. He also added his testimony to the others by saying that Mr. Borron had said that he would apologise publicly.—The Chairman again denied that he had said that he would apologise unless there was something to apologise for.—Mr. Gilmour: I say again that at the last meeting you said that if Mr. Ormand would ask you to apologise in pub- lic, you would do so.—The Chairman: I said nothing of the kind.—Mr. Gilmour : You promised to withdraw or apologise.—The Chairman : I did not.—Mr. Gilmour : I say you did.—Mr. Simpson : I say he did not.—Mr. Smith : I think it is quite time to close the subject.— After a few more words ea the subject, the minutes of the Finance Committee were put and carried.

THE LETTING OF PUBLIC ROOMS.

Mr. Evans moved that the present scale of charges for letting the Assembly and other rooms in the Town Hall at Earlestown be, and is hereby altered, so as to allow of a reduction of twenty-live per cent. off the present rates being made in the case ot the rooms being taken by ratepayers of the district.—The Rev. E. W. W. Kaye seconded.—Mr. Gilmour moved,and Mr. Smith seconded, that it be referred to the committee, and Mr. Evans hav- ing agreed, this course was adopted. _ _ _ . _ .

===== 0002601_18960111_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
This concluded the business. ST. HELENS THEATRE ROYAL.

" CHARLEY'S AUNT."

The popular comedy of " Charley's Aunt "has been produced at St. Helens Theatre Royal this week, and,as on the occasion of its last presentation crowded houses have assembled nightly. The intensely comical situa- tions arising out of the love escapades of three college chums—one of whom masquerades as "Charley's Aunt" —have kept the audiences in a roar of laughter from the rise of the curtain to its fall. Mr.E.H.Wynne as "Lord Fancourt Babberley " (" Charley's Aunt,") has been immensely successful. Mr. Heury Crisp was a capital personator of " Stephen Spettigue,and Mr. Gerald Hoole as "Jack Chesney," and Mr. Herbert Colville as "Charles Wykeham," also appeared to advantage. The characters of" Donna Lucia," " Amy Spettigue," "Kitty Verdun" and 66 Ella Delahv " in the hands of Miss Helen Cress- well, Miss Leila Russell, Miss Muriel Johnston and Miss Janet Le Gros were everything that could be desired. TURNER'S ENGLISH OPER& COMPANY, sr. HELENS.

Om reference to our advertising columns it will be seen that Mr. Wallace Revill, the esteemed proprietor of the St. Helens Theatre Royal, has arranged for a visit of Mr. J. W. Turner, the celebrated tenor, and his English Opera Company next week. They will appear in a round of the hest and most popular operas,and notwith- standing the great attraction and the expensive engage- ment, there will be no advance in the prices of admis- sion. It is to be hoped that the public of St. Helens and the surrounding district will rally round Mr. Revill in his laudable effort to provide such high class enter- tainments for the people. A list of the engagements appears in an advertisement in another column. MRS. LONGSHORE-POTTS AT ST. HELENS.

The visit to St. Helens of Mrs. Longshore-Potts, M.D., of the Women's Medical College of Philadelphia, appears to have created more than usual stir, seeing that the Theatre Royal, was yesterday afternoon crowded with members of the fair sex,when the lady delivered the first of her series of physiological lectures to women. For the purpose of illustrating the lectures, a huge white sheet, 25 feet square, had been fixed on the stage ; com- pletely filling in the proxenium, and upon this numerous superb views of art,anatomy,and scenery were'presented. Mrs. Dr. Potts was heartily received upon making her appearance, The famous lady doctor is a little below the medium height,and is a living testimony to the value of her own theories, being the picture of physical and intellectual health, and not having had an ache or a pain for many years. In opening the proceedings, Mrs. Dr. Potts said that such a large gathering as had there as- sembled indicated a keen interest in themselves and the welfare of women generally. Woman, she said, often shunmed the knowledge that was peculiarly important to her—the knowledge of herself—and the result was just as often endless misery and ills and evils, which a better acquaintance with physiology would have taught her to avoid. Innocence should by no means be con- founded with ignorance, and knowledge, it properly given and received, imparted the power to resist temp- tation. Woman was God-made, and she should not be ashamed to thoroughly understand the work of her Crea- tor; vet every day saw the laws physiology outraged, and i girl would kneel to ask her Maker fcr health and strength, while at the same time she distorted Nis work- manship by compressing her body in stays,and by wearing garments of a palpably irrational kind. A woman, she said, might perhaps wear corsets when she was 50— certainly not before. At school a girl should acquire a knowledge of her body as well as of mental qualities ; at home her mother should complete her education by im- pressing upon her the fact of her womanhood and all that the word implied. The Lecturer spoke without notes and with much eloquence. Her language was graceful and refined, her method entirely devoid of indelicacy or offence,and in plain and practical language she unfolded truths which obviously it is good for every woman and girl to know. This afternoon the second lecture of the series will be delivered. Each lecture is different in sub- ject matter, and is illustrated by special limelight views, and all are free except the concluding discourse on " Maternity," next Tuesday.

WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON. Week ending 28th December, 1895. During the week, which was the 52nd of the current year, the following births and deaths were registered : Births. Deaths Warrington 2l 19 Latchford 3 4

Total 24.

The excess of births over deaths was 1. The death rate from all causes was equal to 209 per 1,000, against 16-6 the average of the previous four weeks, and against 18.8 the corresponding week of last year. The death rate from the seven chief umotic diseases was equal to 6.3 per 1,000, agaitrt 42 the average rate of the four previous weeks, and against 1-8 the corresponding week of 1894. The ages of mortality were- - 1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 up. 6 7 2 1 6 1 23

The deaths included-5 from measles, 1 from whooping cough, 1 from diarrhcea, 5 from lung disease, 5 from brain disease, 2 from heart disease. The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during the week :—Erysipelas, 2 cases, scarlet fever 8 cases, enteric fever 4 cases. Total number of patients in hospital on Dee.'2Bth-47. METEOROLOGY.--,Tho mean temperature was 334 Fah., and therefore 3.8 degrees colder than the preceding week. The maximum temperature 39F., was recorded on the 23rd inst., and the rnimimum temperature 20 F. on the 22nd inst.

- The Rainfall measured .32 inch. The general direc- tion of the wind was N.E. The reading of the Anemo- meter denoting 1650 miles. JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

(100 KS House rnsi is. Nurse., and superior Generals. may V be promptly suiiel at Miss HunsoN's Registry, Irlam- street, Warrington.

RESPECTABLE LODGINGS for Young Men, no dlild then.—Mrs. BADLEY, 62. Orf Td-lane, Warrington.

GENERAL SETWANT NV ANTR D , at one, washing,familv of two. Apply personally, 314, LIVERPOOL-ROAD, Patricroft, near Manchester,

SHOCKING NEGLECT OF CHILDREN AT EIINCO RN.

THE FATHER SENT TO PRISON.

Benjamin Moores, labourer, Mason•street,was charged at Runcorn Police Court on Monday morning with neglecting his five children under the age of 16 years in a manner likely to cause them unnecessary suffering and injury to their health.—Defendant pleaded not guilty.— P.C. Gregory stated that on the 9th of last month he visited the defendant's house at about 10.15 a.m. He found the children had very little clothing on ; there was no fire in the gate, and no food in the heuse. He asked Mrs. Moores where her husband was and she replied that she did not know as he had not been home during the night. Witness again visited the house at 12 noon on the 23rd ult and found all the children except one, in bed. He looked through the house and there was neither fire nor meat in the house. The same night he found the defendant in a lodging-house in Fryer-street. On the 28th ult he paid a further visit and found the children and mother in a most pitiable condition. About midnight Mrs. Moores came to him and asked whether he had seen her husband, and stated that he had not been home for the last two nigh's. Witness visited the common lodging-house in Fryer-street and found the defendant there, and he said he would not take another b—penny home. Witness told him to put on his clothes and go to his wife and child- ren who were waiting for him in the street. It was then after midnight. Witness had warned the defendant several times.—lnspector McAteer, N.S.P.C.C., stated that he had known the defendant for the past eighteen months. He had visited the house on many occasions to see the children and the wife. He found them in a state of destitution, insufficiently clothed, and in a very dirty state. He had prosecuted the defendant for neglect of children,and the magistrates sent him to prison for three months. When he dame out witness advised him to look after the children, but he was a lazy good-for-nothing fellow. He had earned 15s. a week from the Urban Authority, and had only allowed his wife a very small portion of it.—Mr. Wright stated that the house of the defendants was one of the dirtiest in the town. He had only received 25s.in rent for the past six months.—Mrs. Moores said it was over six months since she received 109. in one week from her husband. She did rot want to go to the workhouse. —The defendant was committed to prison for three months, and his wife was advised to apply to the relieving officer.

===== 0002601_18960111_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
FARM FIRE AT APPLETON.

A LABOURER CHARGED WI NI INCENDIARISM.

On Tuesday morning at the farm buildings of Mr. James Britch, Appleton Thorn Inn, a fire broke out with disastrous results: The buildings, which front the inn, comprise smithy, stable, shippon, and large shed at the south side. Everything was safe shortly before seven, but soon after smoke was seen issuing from the build- ing by Mr. Britch'a son. A special messenger was des- patched on horse-back to Wilderspool for the fire engine, and it arrived at the scene soon after eight o'clock. Water was with difficulty found some distance awar,and with the combined help of th villagers and the firemen the flames were got under soon after nine o'clock, but net before the whole ef the roof of the shippon and floors had been burnt. The building was stocked with special Scotch seed potatoes. These were all destroyed, but the implements. Szc., were all saved. There were fortunately no cattle in at the time. The amount of the damage was about £2OO. This is covered by insurance in the Manchester Fire Office.

On Wednesday morning, before Mr. James Tinsley, at the Warrington Occasional Court,a farm labourer named James Corfield was charged in custody with having on the 7th inst., at Appleton Thorn, set fire to a certain building in the possession of James Britch with intent to injure him. P.S. Gosling, ot Stockton Heath, said that at about a quarter past eight on the previous morning he received information of a fire at Appleton Thorn. Aceompanied by P.C. Brew he went to the farm of Mr. James Britch at Appleton,and found a shippon on fire. Certain state- ments were made to him showing that the prisoner was suspected of having slept there the previous night. They hunted for him, and ev-ntually P.C. Brew apprehended him whilst in charge of a threshing machine belonging to Mr. Lambert,his employer. The officer told him that he was suspected ot having slept in the shippon on Monday night,aud asked it it was true,to which prisoner replied that he haa slept there, and that he had gone there whilst drunk. Corfield further informed the con- stable that he had been awakened by a man kicking him on Tuesday morning. The man ,afterwards went eut,and prisoner got up. As it was very dark in the shippon he had to light some matches to find his way out, but when he got outside it was daylight. Continu- ing, the Sergeant said that soon after the prisoner left the building some passers-by saw it on fire and gave information of the occurrence.

Edwin Britch, farmer, of Appleton Thorn, son of the owner of the buildings, stated that it was his custom every night to look over his father's buildings before re- tiring to bed. On Monday night he followed this rule, and when approaching the shippen he thought he heard a vaice very much like the prisoner's. He went round to the back, and finding one of the doors slightly open, entered the building. He could not see anyone about,so concluded that all was right and went away. He did net think that the fire had been caused intentionally; he thought it was an ancident.—P. C. Brew spoke to arrest- ing the prisoner, and gave similar evidence to that ot Sergeant Gosling. The prisoner had told him that the matches he had struck he had put out afterwards, and showed witness the manner in which he had extinguished the matches.—Mr. Tinsley observed that it was a very serious charge, and the magistrates were endeav- ouring to put down this practice of sleeping in such buildings as this. He thought the case had better be remanded for further evidence.—This course was decided upon, and the prisoner was remanded until Thursday. On Thursday morning prisoner was again brought before Mr. Tinsley.—William Hankinson, labourer, said on the night in question he was in the Inn. Defendant was there drunk, and he was refused more drink. He was in the place three hours and received no drink while witness was there.—Martin Kevekin, threshing-machine hand, said that on the 6th inst. he went into the public- house with prisoner. Both were drunk and they went out together, and as prisoner fell down and witness could not raise him he left him in the care of some men. —Mr. Tinsley addressing prisoner, said it was a very serious matter, but he did not think he could do any- thing with him. There was no evidence of malicious inteat though he felt strongly in his own mind that pri- soner had caused the damage. The only thing tha'.. could be proved was negligence and there was no punishment for that.—Prisoner was accordingly dis- charged.

ST. ANN'S PARISH CHURCH WEEKLY BIBLE CLASS.

In connection with the above class there was an illustrated lantern lecture given by the Rev. J. Davies on Wednesday evening in the schools, Dan- nett-et. There was a very good attendance. The subject chosen was, " The Pilgrim's Progress." The Lecturer prefaced his remarks by giving a short but interesting sketch of the life of the author,John Bunyan. The slides thrown upon the sheet illus- trated the most well known scenes in the book, the rev, gentleman carefully explaining each, and also giving the connection between the different views. But in addition to the interest which was taken in the illustrations of this well known allegory, profit was combined, for from each scene was drawn and pressed home practical lessons. Owing to the diffi- culty of treating such. a large and interesting sub- ject in one evening, it is hoped to continue the subject next Wednesday evening at the usual hour 7.30, and at the same .place. The meeting opened and closed by the singing of a hymn and prayer. NARROW ESCAPE FROM DROWNING.—PLUCKY CON- DUCT OF A YOUNG WOMAN.

An accident occurred on Saturday afternoon, at the branch of the old river behind the houses in Wilderspool:causeway, which fortunately had no serious termination,but which it is to be hoped will be a warning to young boys of the danger which they expose themselves to,by playing on the baulks of timber which are kept in the water at that place. At about three o'clock, a boy named Shaw, from Brick-st., was playing on one of the baulks, and at the time, the river was very high, owing to the flow of the tide. The timber was damp and slippery, and the boy fell into the water about three or four feet from the bank. The occurrence was seen by Miss Annie Mooney, domestic servant of Mrs. Blinston, 174, Wilderspool-road, and she rushed to the bank and got on one of the baulks of timber in the hope of getting to the boy. The slippery nature of the timber, however, caused her to lose her foot- ing, and she also fell into the. water, and had great difficulty in getting out .again. Her screams and shouts had in the meantime aroused the attention of a large number of people,and the boy was pulled out of the water not much the worse for his involu- untary immersion. A large number of boys are continually playing and larking upon these baulks of tinaber, and it is a wonder that there are not more accidents of a similar character. Miss .Mooney is to be complimented ppon her plucky action, and she was uLfortunate in completely spoiling her dress.

SPECIAL ATTENTION paid to Neatness and Elegance in PROSPECTUSES, PROGRAMMES, &c

TIIE WARRIF

WARRINGTON.

FRODSH AM.

Pollen COURT.—On Monday More Mr. Thornra, Edward Edwards, a tramp was charged with sleeping is. the oven air at Netherton. P.C. Weatherby pi-oved ta finding the prisoner behind a hedge. He was sent fIG gaol for seven days —Richard Whitfield and Michael Morris were charged with being drunk and disorderly in Chester Main-road, Hel:•iby, the previoes evening.— P.C. Breeze having stated the case, Whitfield was fined ss.'including costs or seven days' imprisonment, and Morris 2s. 6.1. and 53. costs or a like term of imprigon- merit. Both defendants went to prison. A CONGREGATION IN DARIENESS.During the evening service at the Union Church. on Sunday, whilst the Rev. A. H. Sayers wa‘ concluding hi a discourse, the whole of the gas lights went out owing to the gas meter requiring replenishing with water. After the lapse of about five minutes the apparatus was put right, and the gas re-lighted. PLEASANT SUNDAY AFTERNOON SOCIETY.—Th,, second year of this growing society was commenced on Sunday afternoon, when a large number of names W 24 regh, tered. The promoters have already done much to advance the welfare of each meinber,and great good will no doubt re3ult. During the past year the gatherings at the Union Church have been well attended, and the attendance awards to the members, consisting ef over 20 books, many being standard works, have been dis- tributed. A benevolent nand iormednnanaged and sus- tained by the men, has been the means of welcome assistance to many.

PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE.—At the monthly meeting of the Frodsham Parish Council, acting as the Parochie! committee, held at the Police Court Room, on Fridas evening, Mr. H. E. Eleywood presiding, toe inspector (Mr. J. Farrington) reported that Mr. W. H. Pickering had had the water laid on to his premises.—The Inspec- tor was atrhorised to proceeo in the satne manner with regard to Mrs. Holland's property at Frodsham Bridge as in other cases.—Mr. Booth was given until the next meeting to have the water laid on his pretnises.—The Inspector produced a tend,: from Mr. Spencer tor laying on the water at Mr. G. Sharrock's property,in Main-at. when it was resolved that the tender be accepted.—The Clerk (Mr. Ashton) read a letter from Mr. T. Hulse say- ing that his houses in Townfield-lane had an ample supply of water, but i having been reported that: the tenants had to procure water from neighbour- ing tenants, it was decided that this matter have immediate attention and that at the expiration of the notice tenders be obtained.— A plan was produced showing the position of the new builder's shop which Mr. C'arke was erecting in Sand- fiells. There appeared some doubt as to the exact posi- tion, and a small committee was elected to visit and re- port to a future mee'Unsf.—The Chairman of the Water Committee (Mr.Williams)tead a report on several break- downs which had taken place in connectien with the water machinery, and explained fully as to these, which had been put right iminediately.—Mr. Williams also is • ferred to certain statement; which had been made by a. member of the Council,which he considered as anything but right, and tendered .his resignation as Chairman. After a long dilcusiion it was considered that such state- ments were rincalled for and quite erroneous,and at the request of the Chairman (Mr. Heywood),the member ze- ferred to apologised for and withdrew his statement,. when it was resolved unanimously that Mr. Williams be asked to continue his work in connection with the water business until the expiration of the present year. To this Mr. Williams subsequently agreed. A letter was read from the Parish Council of Sutton asking upon what terms the Frodsham Parochial Committee would supply water to certain houses at Frodsham Bridge and also to the Mill, when it was decided that a committee be ap- pointed to take into consideration the whole questson and report to a spcial meeting.—These minutes were confirmed by the Rural Council on Tuesday.

ESTABLISHED 1858. E. AUKLA.ND, SENR., MONUM ENAL, MASON AND SCULPTOR, LEGH-STIZHET AND 180. MANCHBSTEIZ-ROAD, (Near Cemetery entrance), WARR INUTON, Stone worked by stem power. Designs and estimates sent free. Monuments, Headstones, Crosses, &c., always in stock. The cheapest firm in town for porcelain. and Ohba Wreath. Cross's, Anchors, Harps &c.. to imitate natural flowers. Also Globe i and Shades to match. All kinds of letterin and gilding executed on the shortest notice.

Warrington.—Printed and Publ.isheu by JOHN WALKER CO at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bews,lv-streets and Published also at The Exqminer Offices, Victoria-road wri,NEs•,-Ifigh-street RUNCORN 32, George-street,St. 1-I.r.iens ,33.LME'tet-street, EARLESTOWN.—JiNUARIr 11, IEI6

.___ N O.

A NN t-s.. ci wesfey r. gendpar tentativ

RUN Ei by Mr. Worth." ?roe.

All w //V1

pAB A lIRRE .yennot 45rd d 2 deelarii lat Ma' Ordlns: AM be tWe f3tl

IDI Itoni 1

===== 0002601_18960111_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FREE LIBRARY. LECTURE at Eight 7.; o'clock, TO-NIGHT (FRIDAY) January 10th, by Rev. a. SIMPSON, on "The Wizard of the North." Chairman, Dr., F, mcDOUGALL. Admission Free. RUNCORN SAVINGS' BANK. Summary of Business, year ending November 20th, 1895. 2 s. d. s. d. Balance due to Depositors, Nov.2oth, 1894 31328 5 5 Received from Depositors during the year Stock sold for Depositors Interest added to Accounts 758 10 6 Dividends on Stock added to: Ac- counts 9602 5 10 40930 11 3 Paid to Depositors dating year Due to Depositors. Nov. 20th, 1895 33060 1 5 ASSETS. Invested with Natienal Debt Com- missioners Amount in hands of Treasurer ....... 780 19 11 —33146 0 7 STOCK ACCOUNT. Stock held for Depositors Nov 20th, 1894 2500 0 0 Less Stock sold during year 2OO 0 0 Stock held for Depesitors, Nov. 20th, 1895 ..... 2300 0 0 W. HANDLEY, Actuary. December 18th,1895. J. BRUNDRIT, President.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LICENSED • VICTUALLERS' ASSOCIATION. President. Councillor John Evans. A GRAND BALL - be held in connection with the above Association in PARR HALL On THURSDAY NEXT, JANUARY lerir, 1896, Under the Distinguished Patronage of HIS WORSHIP THE MAYOR (Councillor James Fakelough), ROBERT PIERPOINT, ESQ.. M.P.. SIR GILBERT GREENALL. BART., jkid MAJOR PICKMERE, A. H. CROSFIELD, ESQ., b_erraan William Bolton. Councillor H. J. Longton, T. J. Esq., R. I. Wynne Jones, Esq.; W. Owen. Esq., J.P. ; a•Roberts, Req.; Arthur Browne, Esq. ; Thomas Morris, Matthew Taylor. Esq. ; Messrs. Ureenall, Whitley, and Limited ; Messrs. Peter Wa'ker and •Son. Limited ; at,essA ra• G. and J. Greenail, Limited; Messrs. R. Howson, Son ; Messrs. Bddowes and Co., Limited; Messrs. —'Wesrin and Co., Messrs. Magi n n Brothers, /3d ward Connor, Req.; Mr. William Smith, Executors. Ac., Ac. 111.0.'8. Messrs. John Ssmpson. and T. Walsh. —,...aeorat.one by Messrs. Hesketh and Dutton, decorators, warrington. The Ball Committee have engaged Mr. R. Anderton's Bijou Orchestra. DANCING TO COMMENCE AT 8.30 P.M. ,Tickete : Double, 12s. 6d.; Single, Lady's, 6s. ; Gentle- Vies. 7s. 6d. To be obtained from the Committee, viz, • Anderton, Cross Keys; P. H. Lake, Talbot Inn; T. i,„.4,..15h, Crown and Sceptre • Peers Brimelow, Horse and os":"LeY ; John Sampson, The Norton Arms; J. Allison. I,lllleter3 Inn ; also Mrs. Kershaw Blue Bell Inn ; Mrs. - ~. eadie, White Hart, Market-place; and Mr. H. Toft, ..._ixteconist. Early application for tickets is particularly •.queeted as the number is strictly limited. IhlPPer at 10.30 p.m., provided by Mrs. Booth. Refresh- !lent Bar. Mr. 3. Sampson. OOUIWILLOE JOSEPH SHILLCOCK, Chairman to the P Ball Committee. en.II.LAKE. Treasurer, ditto. GROUNDS, Hon. Secretary, ditto, Market-street Chambers, Warrington.

MANCHESTER AND LIVERPOOL DISTRICT BANKING COMPANY, LIMITED. 4' BRANCH of this BANK will be OPENED at 11, QIIEEN-STREET. EARLESTOWN, On MONDAY NEXT, Jaauary 13th, Of Roe hours 10.30 to 110. Saturdays 10.30 to 12.30. By Order, H. G. HENSHALL, Manager. Warrington.

tALL SEASON, 1895-96.—Anderton's Bijou Orchestra.—Bands supplied any number, for Bills, ntertainments, Parties, &e., by 11. Anderton, late H.M. 44ze Guards Band, R A.M., H.M. State Ball Bands, and Princlpal London Orchestras. All the latest music on band. 44._OVe1tiee procured. Brass Bands coached. Euphonium and wrombone Soloist for Concerts.—For terms Apply R. Annzn- 'N,'lB,Butteflflarkettreet, Warrington.

J. FAMILY BUTCHER, 69, LEONARD-STREET, WARRINGTON. PRIME ENGLISH BEM, ,MUTTON, VEAL AND PORK AT MODERATE PRICES, Au oderra promply attended to and delivered when require.

AGOOD PLAN.—The safest, best and quickest . Way to make money by Stocks and Shares is fully ex- ,,Tined in Thirteenth annual edition of Explanatory Book Zlt Post free. Full of valuable information. Atddress GEoaox EviNs and Co„ Stockbrokers, 24, Queen ',Otoria-st., London, B.C.

REE TO MEN. When you are tired of taking it tuseous and mysterious 17scriptions and compounds, which do you nogood, but only ik_rt 'Your digestive organs, write to me and! will send you "ok which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN care or lost strength, wasting weakness. Ac., from whatever eTanalearising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC- za • Sent in envolope or receipt of two stamps for postage Lima. 92-93. 0-* : Russell-street. London. W.O

A BOORpoR MARRIED WOMEN. The information contained in this book ought to be known by eve 12'C'hapters. the r. 7 t 'The fi married woman, and it will not harm rrted to read Into`- s ch at pnberty,or The book is cnveniently divided girrl b apeemnter treats of the changes hen a es a woman. The second Chapter treats of marriage f Motor's standpoint forr marriage, ; Points out the best age Fe rom and who should have children and ei o hcinot, and furnishes useful in- formation that one dinarilv get only from an in- telligent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage of blood relations; and condemns such marriages as a rule. Chapter four treats of the signs of pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how a woman should live during the pregnant state The sixth chapter treats of mishaps and how to avoid them. The seventh chapter treats cf Maternal impressions and shows that birthmarks are not due tolongings on the part of the mother, lout rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how tO have easy confinements. Certain people believe that often should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the unlenic physician says that confinements can be made comparatively easy if certain rules are obeyed ; these: Mies are given. The ninth chapter treats of the proper Inanagernent of confinement until the baby is born. The ‘enth chapter tells how to treat the mother till she is • laitt and about again. The eleventh ohapter treats of ; wives the main causes of it, how these may be izercome and children result. The last chapter treats of "change," a most important article for all women wer forty. The book is full of useful information and .hook is written which goes so thoroughly into matters rat„ Ing to married women.. Some may think too much told ; such can scarcely be the ewe. for knowledge is ~_.'olYer and the means oi attaining hapoiness. The book att be had from Dr. T• IL ALLINSON, 25 Box, 4, 'flhsh-place Manchester-square, London, W., in return I 'Postal order for is. Id.

WELCOME ALWAYS, KEEP IT HANDY. 'GRANT'S-MORELLA CHERRY BRANDY, f You ever tasted this dehclous liquor, which is wade Zorn the fatnou Kent Morellos ? '8 QUALITY FOR GENERAL USE. GOOD TONIC. SPORTSMAN'S QUALITY FOR EXERCISE IN TH.K OPIiN SOLD EVEP.YWHERH. Ask for Gl4 AOTT'S and don't be put Off with inferior makes ,7,--c 'II". °RANT AND SONS, MAIDSTONE.

LOFT on SUNDAY LAST, it is supposed, near WYCLIFFE CHURCH. a GOLD EYE GLASS. The finder will be rewarded on returning to Mr. GARLAND, Ironmonger, Bridge-st, Warrington.

PIANOS FOR HIRE, 10s. Per Month. Tunings Free. NO HIRE CHARGED IF PURCHASED IN 6 MONIHS. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST HOUSE IN EUROPE FOR HIRING PIANOS AND ORGANS, CRANE AND SONS, 217 TO 225, SCOTLAND-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

PPIANOS.-10s. per month on Crane and Sens' easy one, two, or three years' system. There is no other house in Europe thtt offers such really good pilno on this easy system as CRANE and SONS, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

00 D SOUND SECONDHAND PIANOS returned from hire.—Far superior to badly-cnnstructed. low-priced new ones. Great sale - Grands and Cottages, Broadwoods, Collards. Erards, and other makers, from £lO to £lOO. Send for descriptive catalogues. All pianos packed free and sent to rny part.—CRANE and SONS, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

pURCHASERS who can pay cash will find that the cheap- est houte in the kingdom for new Grand and Cottage Pianos by Broadwood, Collard, Brard, Steinway, Bechstein, and other makers of repute is Crane and Sons, 217 to 225, Scotland-road. Livernool, where the merits of the Pianos by the respective makers can be tried side by side. All Pianos packed free and forwarded anywhere.-011AN1 and SONS, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

M USIC. COPIES AT Id. B %CH. Lists -50,000 post free. from CRANE and SONS, Great Music. Warehouse, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

SILK UMBRELLAS RECOVERED from 3s. 11d., any size. ALPACA from 2s. 6d. GLORIA from 3s. Repairs.—PAUL, Outfitter, 69, Bridge Street, Warrington.

itaUPTURES. FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. xi) T. EGGINGTOWS Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 & 9. Grosvenor-street Lon- don-road. Manchester. LAtE—RISING.—The only sure remedy. Our wonderful ELECTRIC SET will awaken the most sleepy servant. Completa 6s. 6d. Inspectioninvited. Addresses ELECTRIC DEPOT, Exchange Station, ana 24. Manchester-street, Liver- pool. Telephones, Dynamos, Batteries, &c. COINS AND MEDALS. • TO COLLECTORS. On SALE. Fine and Rare GOLD. SILVER, and COPPER COINS, WAR and HISTORICAL MEDALS, COIN CABINETS. &c. Highest priqe given for Coins, Medals, China, Old Sheffield Plate. Antique and Modern Silver, Curios, Diamonds, Jewellery. and Old Gold. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO., NUMISMATISTS, MEDALLISTS, AND JEWELLERS. 635 RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1819. Valuations for Probate.

SCHIERWATER AND LLOYD SOLE LIVERPOOL AUTLIORISED RETAIL AGENTS Fog lEEE WALTHAM WA !CH COMPANY. SCHIERWATER, and LLOYD, as Practical Watch- makers, have gained a universal" fame for these Watches as THE BESr TI MEKEEPERS IN THI3 WORLD. They are copied by all makers, thus paying them the highest compli- ment by imitation. Price unrivalled. Silver Cases, Chronometer Balance EI 10 0 Ditto. Keyless, ditto 2 0 0 Gold, from 3 10 0 29, CHURCH-STREBT. LIVERPOOL. VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLOS, MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND, REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Chino*. Strings. Bows, Cases, de., of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES AT 37, RRNSH IW STRE KT, LIVERPOOL.

ETIGIIEST PRICE Given for Old Gold and Silver, Diamonds, Shefilel.l and Rlectro Plate, Antiques, Dental Gold, &c. Letters attended to. C. H. HAYHURST late J.Harris Clitoson), 73. Renshaw-street. Liverpool

PERSONAL APPEARANCE.—HOW TO IMPROVE.—TAILS OF PURE HAIR, 10s. 6d. HAIR COMBINGS per oz. I IMMOVABLE I from MADE UP. f 2e. I SC ALPETTES, f 21s. SHALES BROWN, 3, LEECE-STRE ET, (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL. • MACINTOSHES MADE, ALTERED, REPAIRED, CLEANBD Sco., at low charges. Country parcels receive special attention.—The MACINTOSH REPAIRING COM- PANY, 8 PrthSCOT-STREET, one door before the Roya Liver Liverpool.

OPERA GLASSES. SPECTACLES, BAROMETERS, &c., At 25 per cent. less than Lord-street prices. CHADBURN AND SON, OPTICIANS, 17, JAMES-STREET, LIVERPOOL. (Opposite Mersey Tunnel Station).

'UMBRELLAS, —Practical Manufacturer : re-covered in Silk from 4s. 6 in half-an-hour ; repairs on the shortest notice.- A large variety of second hand umbrellas from is. 6d, to 2s: 61. each, Established 30 years.—MCCAULEY, 65 Thomas-street, Manchester.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT CONPANY, LIMITED. Head Office: 168, ISLINUTON, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l.OOO on personal or other security. £l5. Repayable 6s. Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2s. 3d. £5O, ~ It .. 20s £3 Bs. Od. • £lOO. ~ 40s. „ £6 15s, Od. ALEX. 6ORDON, Manager.

WILLIAM GILL, FAMILY BUTCHER AND CONTRACTOR. 9, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. ORDERS BY POST OR CARRIER RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. Deliveries in Town and Suburbs every Morning; LYMM, every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday; WINWICK, PE NTH. SANKEY and BOLD, Tuesdays and Fridays; MOORE, DARESBURY, NORTON, &0., Wednesdays and Fridays. TELEPHONE 118.

FOR RELIABLE GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS GO TO THE CHESHIRE SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON. HAMS AND BACON GUARANTEED_ NEW SEASON'S TEA JUST ARRIVED FROM is., is. 2d., is. 4d., is. 6d., is. Bd., AND 2s. PER LB. EXCELLENT QUALITY. THE CHESHIRE SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON.

NOTICE. TO THE PEOPLE OF WARRINGTON. GAME AND POULTRY FOR THE WEEK-END. THE GRIMSBY FISII SUPPLY CO. (Middle of the Fish Market.) OPEN EVERY WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY. With all kinds of POULTRY to meet the wants of the Working Classes. RABBITS, from 9n. each. CHICKENS, from is. 3n. each.. DUCKS, from is. 3n. each. TURKEYS, from 7n. per lb. GEESE, from 5n.. per lb. ALL KINDS OF FISH FROM 2n. PER LB. GUARAN. TiteD ALWAYS FRESH. PATRONIZE THE GRIMSBY FFH SUPPLY Co, KEEP THE PRICES DOWN. NOTE THE ADDRESS. IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FISH MARKET, WARRINGTON.

• END OF SEASON. HARMAN DREW, 129, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL, is now offering his entire stock of LADIES' & kiIIILDREN'S MILLINERY AT ONE-THIRD OF REGULAR PRICES. FELT HATS, 4,1 e. AND is. THIS SEA ON'S PRICES, Is. 6in. to 4s. lID. BLACK STRAW SAILORS', 6i-D. Trimmed, Worth is. 31n. LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S FELT HATS, Beautifully Trimmed. VELVET RIBBON and WINGS, 2s. 11u. and 3s. Worth, 6s. 11D. and Bs. 1133.

SKATES, SKATES, SKATES. IMMENSE STOCK FOR CHOICE. FROM 25.60. TO 30s. EVERY VARIETY. AND ALL WARRANTED, Or Money Returned. REPAIRS and GRINDING done on the Premises. NOTE.—ONLY ADDRESS: 15. BASNETT-STREET LIVERPOOL, (Opposite G. H. Lee's). Telegraph: " Fishing. Liverpool." Telephone 5,611.

We WOODS AND SON'S NOVELTIES FOR NEW YEAR'S GIFTS. SPECIAL DISCOUNT OFF ALL GOODS, 4. IN THE POUND. GOLD 13 ROOCHES, BANGLES, RINGS, PINS, LINKS. STUDS, &c., &C. THE 425. LANCASHIRE WAI CH FOR 345. PHOTO FRAMES, FITTED BAGS AND DRESSING CASES. SOLID SILVER PLAI E. BEST ELECTRO PLATE. CIGAR, CIGARETTE AND CARD CASES. MATCH BOXES IN SOLID SILVER. NICKEL KEYLESS WATCH, WARRANTED, SALE PRICE, Bs. 6D. W. WOODS AND SON. WATCHMAKERS AND JEWELLERS. CORNER OF SANK EY-STREET AND CORPORATION-STREET. WARRINGTON.

riANADA.-FREE GRANTS of 160 ACRES OF LAND in MANITOBA and the NORTH WEST. Enormous Crops in 1895. Reports of British Farmers and other new illustrated pamphleti containing information respecting the NORTH-WEST TERRITORIEi and the Provinces Of MANITOBA, ONTARIO, QUEBEC, NOVA. SCOTIA, NEW BRUNSWICK, PRINCE EDWARD ISLAND, BRITISH COLUMBIA, where land can be obtained either free or on advantageous terms. Exceptional opportunities for farmers. Great demand for agricultnral labourers and domestic servants. Full particulars on all points supplied gratis and post free by Mr. JOHN DYKE. CANADIAN GOVERNMENT AGENT, 15, WATER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

PASSAGE BOOKINGS. TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD. SPECIAL CHEAP RATES TO CAPE COLONY (South Africa) AUSTRALIA, NEW ZEALAND, AMERICA and CANADA. PAMPHLETS and fullest information sent post free on application to WILLIANI WATSON AND CO. PASSENGER and SHIPPING EXCHANGE, 23, WATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. W. H MILLS, Telegrams, Managar. "Stateroom," Liverpool.

WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. 40#14 LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queen s tow n EVERY WEDNESDAY. Cotton not carried on Passenoer Steamers. *TEUTONIC Wed.. Jan. 15. 1 BRITANNIC Wed.. Jan. 22. Second Cabin will be carried on toe voyage marxed thus*, Steerage passage at low rates, including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philactblphia, or Baltimore. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform In model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply to Islickr, IMRIE, and Co., 34, Leacienhall-street, London. 8.C., and 10. Water-street, Liverpool.

29, PICCADILLY (Opposite Infirmary Clock) Manchster MACDONALDS LIMITED Have. revolutionised the art of Artificial Teeth making. In Price, Qaality, Fit, and Natural Life-like appearance. Success Is the greatest evidence of ability and worth. MACDONALDS are opening New Branches Daily. Friends will oblige by informing them of suitable places. TEETH! TEETH! TEETH! I NORTHWICH BRANCH. 46, HIGH-STREET Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel. I TEETH EXTRACTED FREE every FRIDAY.II a.m.to 6 p.m MACDONALDS LIMITED. Wholesale Artificial Teeth Manufacturers The best and Cheapest House in the Trade Single Teeth, 2s, Sets 20s. Guaranteed. • Registered Trade Mark by H.M.R. Letters patent. MODERATE AND INOLUSiVII CHARGES. MACDONALDS TEETH are the best andcheapest. MACDONALDS' TEETH are of Prize Medal Quality. MACDONALDS' TEETH Fit by Atmospheric Suction. MACDONALDS' TEETH Soft Palates for Tender Gums. MACDONALDS"IEETH Beat to Masticate and Articulate. MACDONALDS' TEETH are Lasting, Natural, Life-like. MACDONALDS' TEETH Perfection and Unchangeable. MACDONALDS TEETH are sitßerior English American. MACDONALDS' TEETH are made without Extracting. MACDONALDS' TEETH an unrivalled Painless System. MACDONALDS' TEETH are fitted in a Single Visit. MACDONALDS' TEETH are aids to Health and Beauty. MACDONALDS' TEETH are recommended by thousands. MACDONALDS' TEETH are supplied at wholesale prices. MACDONALDS LTD., have Ladies in attendance. MACDONALDS LTD., give all Information Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Extract Teeth Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Accrington, 4, Dutton-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Rochdale, 13, Yorkshire-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Northwich, 48. High-street, Friday. MACDONALDS LTD.. Horwich, 6, Lee-lane, Thursday. Please Note the Address NORTHWICH BRANCH, 46, HIGH-STREET, Opnosite Crown and Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTED FREE every FRI DAY,II cm.to 6 m MACDONALDS LIMITED 29, PICCADILLY, (Opposite Infirmary Clock), Manchester. T. CLARKE, EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN. GENERAL STATIONER, NEWSAGENT, PRINTING and BOOKBINDING Done to Order. NEWSPAPERS and PERIODICALS Delivered to Order. A good Assortment of new and Second-hand Books always In Stock.

BOYDELL BROS. TAILORS, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. ANNUAL • REDUCTION. 15 PER CENT. FROSI USUAL PRICES , DURING THE WHOLIC OF JANUARY. A POPULAR CONCESSION.

NOW OPEN 231 BUTTERMARKET STREET, With a well-selected Stock of BOOKS, STATIONERY, Ain FANCY GOODS, JOHN S. GREEN, PRINTER. BOOKSELLER AND STATIONER, 34, BRIDGE-STRBRT, WARRINGTON.

TANNERS' LANE COAL WH ARF WARRINGTON. THE PEARSON AND KNOWLBS COAL AND IRON COMPANY. LIMITED. INCE HALL COLLIERIES. NEAR WIGAN. AGENT :_ej WESTGARTH. All kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine coal kept in stock. Wagons sent to any Railway Station, House orders promptly attended to. Telephone No. 98

J. FEARON, OYSTER MERCHANT, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON, Begs respectfully o remind his customers and the publl3 in general that he will have a special supply of the best quality of OYTHRS for CHRISTMAS and NEW YEAR direct from his own private Grounds, Carlingford.

T. & W. CROSS, BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS, LONGFORD-STREET, WARRINGTON. BOILER AND CHIMNEY ERECTORS, FURNACE CONSTRUCTORS. DRAINAGE WORK, STREET MAKING and every Description of BUILDING or CONTRACTORS' WORK lITIMATED FOR.

RICHARD BRETHERTON JUN., FAMILY BUTCHBR, 4, BT. JAMES'S-STREET, WARRINGTON. PRIME BBBF, MUTTON, LAMB, VEAL. PORK, &a., Always on hand, from 50. to 80. per lb. ALL ORDIMS PROMPTLY ATTISNDBD TO, and delivered when required.

W. CHESTER, 132, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON, TOBACCONIST AND BRUSH MANUFACTURER AND DEALER IN ALL BINDS OF FANCY GOODS

SU N INSURANCE OFFICE, FOUNDED, 1710. Sum INSURED ix 1894.-2393,622,400. For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Messrs. J. R. Pickmere & Son, Bridge-st. Mr. Edward W. Woods. Commercial Chambers, 55. Horsemarket-street Messrs. Voisey and Worthington,2l King-street Mr. R. Lowe. Market Gate Chambers

MORRIS'S TOLU AND HONE/ . The only Cure for Co'ds, Coughs, Bronchitis, Ac. FACTS MORRIS'S TIC-CURE PILLS The ',illy Cure for NEURALGIA, TIC AND TOOTHACHE. MORRIS, CHEMIST. ALEXANDRA-ROAD, MANCHESTER. • and all Dealers.

DAY, SON, & HEWITT'S FOUR GREAT REMEDIES FOR LAMBING & CALVING DISORDERS. & HEWITT'S GASEOUS FLUID, For prostrated Cows and Ewes. Paining. Scour, De- bility. Hoven. Colic, &c.—Price 20s. per doz. DAY, SON. & HEWITT'S CPIEMICAL EXTRACT, For anointing after Parturition, straining, and pre- venting Gangrene. For Wounds, Swollen Udders, and Sore Teats,—Price 2s. 6d., 3s. 6d., and 7s. per bottle, DAY, SON, & HEWITT'S RED DRENCH, For cleansing Cows and Ewes, Fevers. Chill, Red Water. Hide-bound, &c,; prevents Milk Fever and Dropping.— Price (Cows) 13s. ; (Ewes) 3s. 6d. per doz. DAY, SON. & HEWITT'S GASEODYNE, Deadens excessive pain instantly, and quiets the nervous system—Price 35. 6d. per bottle. UNPARALLELED SUCCESS OP DAY, SON, & HEWITT'S LAMBING & CALVING CHESTS, Complete, Carriage paid, 30s.' and £3 3s. Write for pamphlet and full details ; ROYAL ANIMAL MEDICINE MANUFACTORY, 22, DORSET-STREET, LONDON, W, (ESTABLISHED 1833.) • UNDER THE CLOCK. IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GOOD BOOTS.

LEGE HOUSE PHOTOGRAPHIC STUDIO, WARRINGTON. MR. BIRTLES Desiree to inform his customers that PHOTOGRAPHS REQUIRED FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS Should be placed on order as early as possible, to ensure their being ready in time, at this dull season of the year. MR. BIRTLES begs to say that Experiments are being tried with a new ARTIFICIAL LIGHT, and if found practical the same will be put in use for Night Photography and on shill days. Further notice will be given.

ACCIDENTS TO LIFE AND LIMB. RAILWAY ACCIDENTS. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. rNERTIIED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. ESTABLISHED 1849. CAPITAL £1.000,000. COMPENSATION PAID £3,600,000, 64, CORNHILL , LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. AGENTS Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr. W. H. RIG BY, Central Station St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-atreet Irnntaford Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER Saudbaoh Mr. IL FINLOW.Rookery Bridge

IRE!. F I R E!! F I R Ell! W. P. & W. SKELTON, LTD. WARRINGTON. DURING THE RECONSTRUCTION of JUBILEE BUILDINGS, BUSINESS in all Branches v.ill be Carried on as usual In the OLD MARKET HALL. TEMPORARY OFFICES Are Taken in HORSEMARKET STREET, Adjoining the late premises, where all Orders and Inquiries will be promptly attended to.

CORPORATION OF THE CITY OF MANCHESTER. CONCENTRATED MANURE MADE FROM SLAUGHTER-HOUSE AND MARKET REFUSE, EXCREMENT FROM PAIL CLOSETS, BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &C., DELIVERED IN BAGS, CARRIAGE PAID. IN 2 TON LOTS WITHIN 50 MILES AND 4 TON LOTS WITHIN 100 MILES, AT £3 PER TON. Spccis.l price over 100 miles. SUPPLY strictly limited. ORDERS should be given earlyin the season to prevent disappointment. Full particulars from R. D. CALLISON, INDOOR SUPERINTENDENT, Cleansing Department, Town Hall, Manchester; Or to J. W. CALLHON, Beswick, Manchester; BOLD ALDRED, Stamiord Road. Altrincham.

JON. BLUNDELL & SON. PEMBERTON. WIGAN AND ORRELL COLLIERIES. COAL WHARF, 27.7 GEE STREET, WARRINGTON. ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES. COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS, UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER. JOHN DIGNUM, AGENT.

THOMAS FRAIN, DEBT COLLECTOR and GENERAL COMMISSION AGENT, 39, GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION Special Arrangements, &a., for the Collection of WHOLESALIG ACCOUNTS. REFERENCE and RATES of COMMISSION on application AGENT for the Imperial Live Stock, Accident, and Northern Plate Glass Insurance Co.

FANCY GOODS, PICTURES, PICTURE FRAMES, AT JA JASON 'S NEW PREMISES, 130, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. PHOTOGRAPHS OF ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING

FOR FIRST-CLASS P:RIVATIIE DENTISTRY:. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arrangeTEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each! patient finformor reqbetorghand the cost TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extracti!ToiLausehierclto by the aid of e. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10.000 gallons weekly. Exors, of,Lthe late J. H. PARKINSON (DEwrier Br EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET• (NAT. T. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STItt:AET. ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on- TUESbAYS, at Mrs.. MBEs. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKBY-ST RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-ST. NORTHWICIL'on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLBMARKET-ST

LADIES' AND; GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY MADE OR MADE TO ORDER In the Latest Style. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS to select from. Waterproof goods of every Description. • C. JACKSON HOLMES, TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE CASTLE RUBBER CO., LIMITED.

THOMAS J. RIGBY, JOIN ER AND BUILDER, ROSE AND CROWN-STREET, WARRINGTON. ESTIMATES FREE. PROPERTY REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. RESIDENCE :--10, M ERSEY MOUNT.

JOSEPH TURNER, WHOLESALE EMALLWARE, HARDWARE, AND GENERAL MERCHANT, 54, HORSEMARBET - STREET, WARRINGTON. Wringing Machines a Specialty.

H. EZARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, FEARNHEAD, WARRINGTON. Estimates given for Alterations and Repairs of every description (Town and Country). Houses built to tenants' own plans. Jobbing punctually attended to. Rent and Fire and Lite Assurance Agent.

MISS SANSONE WILL i:E-OPEN, MONDAY JANUARY 13TH, 1896, LADIES' SCHOOL, 191, Padgate- lane.

QUPERIOR BOARD and BDUCAIION in ladies' day school. Companion to another.-21, llADfiTocit ROAD, Fairfield, Liverpool.

NORTH. WAL ES.—W E LSH POOL GRAMMAR SCHOOL; splendid situation; home comforts ; low fees ; most successful in exams.—Apply HEAD MASTER. GOVERNESS PUPIL WAN LED.—Preparation for Matriculation, Locals, R.A M., R.C.M., &c. Kind home, moderate preminm.—BEra, Elm Villa, Staplegroye, Taunton.

THE MISSES HEMMER, 23, Wilson-Patten-st., Warrington. SCHOOL WILL RE-OPEN (DN.), dANUARY 22ND. Fees, Testimonials, List of Passes, etc., on application.

T" ItIGH SCHOOL, boarding school for boys, Fairhaven. St. Annes•on-the-Sea ; Bound education; situation unsurpassed ; terms moderate. Prospectus on application to the Princ) p,ll .

Hom E and Thorough E.DUCATION for ORPHAN GIRLS or Daughters of military Men who are abroad. Highest references—For Terms apply Mrs. MOULT, Hyton-fields, Dorrington, Shrewsbury.

QCHOOL FOR GIRLS, RYTON FIELDS, DOR- RINGTON, SHREWSBURY. Conducted by Mrs. J. W. HOULT. assisted by resident Certificated Governesses and Visiting Masters. A ftw Vacancies for Boarders. The next TERM Commences January 20th, 1896, LAUREL BANK SCHOOL, lIIGHER BROUGH- TON, MANCHESTER. Careful training for profes- sional or commercial life, thorough preparation for University Examinations; healthy locality; large field for games. A few boarders are received.—J. A. Surroar, Principal. ASSISTANT MISTRESS Wanted, for Rut:ford School, Lancashire, for Standards I. and 11, under a master; singing by note; needle-work ; if certificated £5O, if Ex-P.T. £4s.—Apply by letter to MANAGER. Burford School, Laneishire.

BONN, GERMANY.—The British Chaplain (himself a German) and his wife receive a few girls to educate with their daughters. Best advantages for languages,music, art, es also for English subjects. Certificated German and English resident governesses. Careful moral training. Terms, 60 gtineas per annum. rrR:NITY COLLEGE, HARROGATE —HEAD IitAST Air. J. P. HUGHES. The College built for scholastic isreplete with modern appliances ; gymnssinm, swin. bath, cricket and football fitlds, Thorough training for sictif end Mtreaptile purposes. Special attention to bach •nddello.te toys. Good Table. Terms moderate. Next Ter Einganuary 21st, 1896. - MAL7ERN LINK SCHOOL, SMA,A4 HOME SCHOOL for Boys under 14. Twenty-five guineas yearly. thalthiest place in England. Delicate and back- ward bus trider the special care of Principal's wife, who is very succesrvul in their training. There having been no medical visit ;luring the last ten years.—AddressDr. AUBIIf. MR. FRANKOFWiuREKIINA:NOOLFDOSTITBB.,A., TEACHER VICTORIA LODGE, BUXION. Particulars as toterms, &c., may be obtained from Mr. B. 'H. Pearson, Bold-street, Warrington, or from Victoria ',Mgt..

WARRING7ON GRAMMAR SCHOOL-THE NEXT TERM will begin on TUESDAY, JANUARY 21sT. 1896. Fees :—SPNIOR DIVISION £4 per term. JUSIOR DIVISION £3 per term. PREPARAIORY DIVISION £2 per term. For boys undor 12 years of age For further particalars apply to BEAD MASTER.

VICTORIA COLLEGE, DOUGLAS, ISLE-OY- MAN PRI IPAL, B. B. HITCHCOCK, M.A. Fees for Board and T ticE£36 an/ £42 per annum. The next term begins 170: sidnnary. 1893. The School is intended to provide Boys with a sound, practical education, combined with tke coin- forts and advantages of home life. Prospectus on application to the Principal.

11:1 it to. !: 0 11 . 1.1 ~,f, ~ 07 ~. P .?..' t t':: ilf 1 .*, iUI 1.. A V T's, HE whole medical profession the worl3 over is engaged in an earliest search for some remedy which will cure Indigcs t ion, Constipation, and Dyspepl,ia. Statistic 4 show that nearly half the deails in civilizei countries are caused by diseases of the stoin,ci, and kidneys. Hitherto the reme.iies prescribe 1 by the medical profession for lndig,stion .havo I,cen of little value, but the C. A. Voc,-,ele Curative Compound does cure Infligestion. It i 4 the most wonderful medicine it. existence, a feW doses gives relief—a few bottles cure the mo-'t chronic cases. A trial bottle will convince th 3 sufferer that we make none but true statements. Price 1154 and 2 6, of all l'hemistß ; or sent free by Parcels Post on receipt of 14 or 30 stamps by the .5,15 Proprietors, The Charle4 A. Vogeler Co., 45, Farringooe Road, London. ,

SEEDS ! ! SEEDS ! ! NEW, ANDREWS' Collection of GBNUINE, VEGETABLE & FLOW ER SEEDS Produce a cooslant supply. AND 2/6, 5/-, 7/6, 10/6, & 21/- each. Delivered free. Catalogue pest free. ANDREWS & CO.. RELIABLE' Seedstneu, Ste., 21, WINCHCOMB ST., CHELTENHAM.

GEORGE JACKSON. P AWNBROKII 11. JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH 69, AND 61. CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS and MUSICAL IN- STRUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF • SAFES.

FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR ONLY. SPECIAL WINDOW SHOW. WE mwt cordially and respectfully solicit an inspection during the next two or three weeks of the contents of our windows what have been specially purchased for the festive Season. There will be found a new and magnificent selection of Glass and China ORNAMENTS, English and Foreign Cases of BIRDS and FLOWERS, Chromo Oil and other PIM URES, BRONZES, MARBLE and other CLOCKS, CARPET HEA.RTHRUGS, and FURNITURE, also many Articles too numerous L.) mention. and which are ar- ranged tastefully. artuttically and with most beautiful effect. The prices marked for cheapness will astound the most credulous,all having been marked to effect a speedy clelrance, Any Lady or Gentleman taking the trouble to come and view will be imply repaid by the pleasing sight. WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. NO EXTRA CHARGE. STEPP T A r

PECIAL NOTICK.—LAST WEEK OF CHRISTMAS BEDDING CLUB. MAGNIFICENT Pair of Bronze Marlu HORSES, in grand condition, very massive, only out Payments taken. this week, not to be equalled at the price. Call and inspect for your- 383. selves. For

JUST out. splendid 5-string BANJO. very powerful tone, Payments taken. electro-plated rifle, with 36 plated brackets, best style, extra well 9 finished, only .6../ 6S. D.

VERY Handsome Marble CLOCK. V new design, strikes hours and it hours on cathedral gong, correct Payments taken. timekeeper, English lever move- ment, opal dial, well worth 5 guineas. 525. 6D. Our price for Christmas only

WAND Pair of Birch enclosed 3 DRESSING TABLES, un- Payments scratched, sold elsewhere for 475. os. 6d. Our price for pair only

-VERY Handsome Solid Gold V BROOCH, quite new, newest shape, very pretty design, only Payments taken. 9s. bd. Also very pretty Diamond Brooch, unique pattern, Government 10S. 6D. Hall marked, genuine bargain for

SBB our new Stock of RUGS from 3s. 3d., OILCLOTHS from Is. 2id.. LINOLEUM S from Is. 11d. lintirely hew patterns for Christ- Payments taken. mas. Largest and best stock in town for the money. Inspection invited.

The following articles were forfeited this week. Silver Centre Seconds Chronograph tor) WATCH 355. Lady's Diamond and Ruby Dress RING 14e. 6d. Handsome Gold PENDANT 12s 6d. Lady's Silver WATCH, engraved cases 595. 6d. Handsome Solid 9-carat Gold BROOCH ss. 11d.

BRASS PLATES, Rubber Stamps, Brands, Stencil Plates ac.—CILAJILES R. Him., 53 Paradise-st., Liverpool. 0N SALE, MANURE WORKS. Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. llosiazo, 16, Fenwick-street. Liverpool.

25 G. B. CIGARS, 58. 6d.; speciality, patent No, 13612; sample 4 stampB.—SOMF.llB. 5, Eldon st. Louden. Agents wanted.

ON SALE, 400 WATER CASKS, 200 to 250 gallons each.— JOHN flowonTa, cask dealer, 20, Lewis-st., Nelsoi-st., Rochdale-road, Manchester.

I[2ol{ SALE, 5 HO USl,S,Frances-terrace, Lovely-lane, War rington. In good repair, 10w ground rent.—Apply LONGLAND, Solicitor, Union-st., Warrington.

VIOLIN &FILINGS, the finest manufaLtured from 6s. 6d. V per bundle of 30, sent all over the wurld, list free.—E. RACE, liegent-st., Douglas, Isle of Ilan..

LINGRAVING on Gold, b liver, Ivory, &e., name or initials 12/ 6d., wish addre.s Is. Bras plates tor all purpose..— CoWEN, 50, bir Thomas-st., Whitechapel, Liverpool.

TALKING PARROTS.—Two beautiful ones; gentleman _L declining health; particulars to good homes ; cheap; cage or not.—T. S. W. IL, 65, lioLDmr-sr., Liverpool. x 12.LECTRIC ALARM CLOCKS, w,th Bell, Battery, Switch, _LA Wire, 15s. ; Electric Bell Sete, complete, 6s. 6d. Catalogues 2d.—UORTON BROOK, Electric Works, Manchester.

P HO T O G R A P H Y . - To Prevent P.G.P. Prints Sticking to Glass or Ferrotype use Bizz Paste; excellent results ; td. Bottle post 70.—iliuMPso1( and IiEIGHLxY, 157, North tiill-streei, Liverpool. ELASTIC STOCKINGS, Extra Qualities, Thread 3s. 6d• Silk 63.. each post tree, direct from the Maker, W. H. OIADDOCX, Aired-street South ; Nottingham. livery Article guarantzed. Cheaper Qualities to order,

UARTHENWARE and CHlNA.—Second, £2 crates; 14 beet, £3; or will send 15 dozen seconds articles for 17s. 6d.—Write for lista, W EBB AND Co., Itailway Passage, Longton. Staffordshire.

STABLISHED 187b--Assorted Crates Seconds Earthen- ware and China. 50s. and upwards. Prices on- appli- cuatoi. -W. COOPER and Co., Ayshford-street Works, off t. lay ton-st., Lon gt on btaffordshire. -110lIN LOWE, letre and Thief-proot RAFE MAKER, has ON V SALE Milner, Chatwooci, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and, others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from --SS. Albert-street, King-street West, Manchester.

LOOK I LOOK li—Greatest Bargain ever offered. A Brand New WATEEPROOF HOOD and CAPE tirIVEN AWAY with every pair of my Army hugs which are 81t. long, 61t. wide, weigh over 411).; 6s, a pair, suitable for bencovering, horse rugs, etc.—HENRY ROSIINSON, Eye, bliss ea. •

HO M ESEWIZIG.—PIain, simple work, per parcels post £1 weekly easily earned. Persons required every where. Patterns and instruction book 6 stamps. Mau- advertisements mislead ; this is genuine.—WlLßY, Savily town. Dewsbury.

-VIREI FIRE!! FIRE! 11—Genuine sale of extensive .1: stock of PIANOS. ORGANS, &c., previous to re-builde jug of premises, owing to the recent fire. Easiest terms amnged to effect a clearance.—T. Pirrt.K, 103, Approach- road, Cambridge Heath.

1;IO1 ALL Impurities of the Blood, Bruptions of the Ski*, .12 Pimples on the Face take •• FLUTCHBR'S BLOOD PURIFYING AtBDICINE." Chemists everywhere in bottles is. 14d. and 2s. 6d. Copy of unsolicited Testimonials.with trial bottle for 14 stamps.—FLi.TCRER. chemist, Rekington, Rotherham.

yA.GIO LANTRRNS, slides. andacceesories. Photographic linlarging Lanterns, Stereoscopes ;and views). Micro- &cop, a, /cc., new and second-hand. Incanieseent gas lamps for Magic La terns —PHOTOGRIPIIIC DEPor, 71, oxford-st. All Sainte), Manchester.

To be given away a Free ,timp'e of Fare Indian Tea, to every applicant. Imported by Advertmer direct horn the growers. Delicious flavour ; 31be. ss. 3 ; 6lbs, 10a.; Nibs, 165.; 201bs, 30s. All carriage paid —H. BUTLER, Connauliht road. Reading.

TuSH ! FISH 1 FISH ! On receipt of 10s. we will for- -1: ward 10 -stone of Cod, Ling, Haddock. and Plaice; splendid quality, well-iced ;or on receipt of P.O. 2s. 6d. will lorward a bass of finest selected Fish, carriage paid to any part of Great Britain. Notway Herrings 10s. per box.— GREAT BRITAIN PISS AND OYSTER SUPPLY COMPAN Y, Grimsby Docks.

OHINA and BARTHIINVVARH.—Buyers are strongly ad- vised to send for pr.ce lists of Dinner Sets, To Sets ; Toilet Sets; China and Earthenware of alt kinds and all priees. Special £1 sample crate of best and seconds; single set of anything sent as sample. Buy 'direct from thu Pot- teries.—S.WEßß and Co.,Longton.:Aaffordshire Potteries. x

- A BOOK FOR LADIES. The information contained In this book ought to be known by every married woman, and it will not harm the un- married to reao. No book is writtm which goes so thoroughly into matters relating t marrie.l women. Some may think too much is told; such can seArcely be the case, for knowledge is power, end the means of sttaining happiness. The book can be had, in envek4e. from DR. ALLINSON, 30, Hykeia, Spanish-place, Mancheiter- square, London, W., in return for a Postal Or ier for Ls. 2d. x

ROSES.—One dozen Dwarf Hybrid Perpetual., comnris- ing A. K. Williams, Alfred Colomb, Baroness Roths- child, Beauty of Waltham. Charles Lefevre, Fisher Holmes, Gloire de filargottin, General Jacquenainut, Magna Charts. Meiveille de Lyon, Mr.. John Laing. Reyno!ds Hole. All descriptions of nose Trees, Plants, Bu.bs, Seeds. quoted for on application to W. J lIIHEFALL, Zb, Brooklands-road, Burnley, Lancashire.

E. A. DAVIES, JEWELLER AND WATCHMAKER, Close to Hengler's Cirque, GREATEST POSSIBLE VALUE IN NEW YEAR'S GIFTS. Comprising : HIGH-CLASS NEW AND SECONDHAND LADIES' AND GENTS' GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES, DIAMOND AND GEM ENGAGEMENT RINGS. LARGE SELECTION OF LADIES' AND GENTS' SOLID GOLD ALBERTS. GOLD BROOCHES. BRACELETS, BANGLES, STUDS. LINKS, ELECTRO AND SILVER PLATE. CHOICE GOODS. EXCEEDINGLY MARVELLOUS OFFERS. • COMPARE THE VALUE WITH OTHER HOUSES.

THOS. RUSSELL'S CHURCH-STREET. 36-GUINEA PRESENTATION GENT'S 18-CARAT GOLD HUNTING CHRONOGRAPH KEYLESS LEVER, with Maker's Re- ceipt. 218 I_B Special Bargain for Gent's, Pure English S. threequarter plate, Liverpool make, by the above celebrated makers, mounted in massive 18-carat (damp proof), plain polished hunting cases. This grand watch is constructed upon the highest points of mechanical accuracy and is guaranteed by makers and ourselves for 25 years to 6 seconds per month. Note.—The following is a copy of a reply received in an- swer to inquiries respecting the above watch :- 12, Church-street, Live, pool, Nov. 29, 1896. Dear Sir,--In reply to your inquiry the watch was sold in the ordinary way of business. It is a modern watch. built with the utmost care. and all improvements up to date, in- oluding extra jewelli.gin hard stones, thus calculating to last a lifetime,—Yours truly, Titom.Aa RUSSELL a Sex. as.

7-GUINEA GENT.'S StNG-LINK SOLID GOLD ALBERT. 23 16s. reoarvGyenstol'isd(efiqnuealgtooldn, ezt)m, pmeadsseivveer, three small links between two long links. A most extraor- dinary offer; cannot be repeated. Call and inspect. Payments ace, pted. See windows. B. A. Davies, 30, Lowhill, 20-GUINEA 18-CT. GENT'S ENGLISH LEVER CENTRE- SECONDS STOP WATCH, BY JAMBS HIGNETT, LIVERPOOL. 25 19 (Cost 20 Guineas).—Magnificent and s. 6D. extra-line pure English CHRONO- GRAPH by above noted maker, in per ect condition; guaranteed gun timekeeper 20 years. Such a fine, cheap watah can not be seen elsewhere for £5 19s 6d. inspection.

ei OLD ALBERTS, GOLD ALBERTS, GENT'S SLIGHTLY SECOND HAND SPECIAL OFFERS. OUR CHAINS ARE OF UNDOUBTED QUALITY. A WRITTEN GUAR- ANTEE WITH EVERY CHAIN, GENT'S £4 lOs GOLD ALBERT. 9 6 • —For Gent's Genuine Secondhand (equal S. D. to new) solid fine gold (all through) Graduated Curb ALBERT, extta long, in perfect condition. Genuine Government stamp upon every link •, very special bargain. Also another Curb, in splendid condition, stamped every link, for £2 163 6d. Also a heavy, massive, stout link Curb Albert, secondhand, cost £7 104 recently, for £3 9s 65 to clear. Guarantee given with every chain. The cheapest lots ever offered. Any chain sent on approval free of charge. RELIABLE QUALITY IN CHAINS.

RUSSELL'S 12-GUINEA LADY'S 18-CARAT KEYLESS LEVER. E 4 19 For specially line Lady's 18-carat _ S. 6D English finished Chronometer Key- less LEVER, threequarier-plate, class A movement, jewelled in 19 actions of real rubies, full chronometer balance, with latest impr.vements and adjustments ; compensated to all changes of temperature Patent brequet spiral timing spring. with patent safety keyless action, and unbreakable main spring, double sunk white dial, set in stout 16-c -rat hall- marked inside and outside cases, which are damp and dust proof; thoroughly tested and timed to one minute per month. New twelve months ago. The strength with neat- ness displayed in this fine watch, together with exact time- keeping, presents a sample of our unequalled value in watches. Written guarantee for 20 years. Exchanges made. DAVIES'S MARVELLOUS VALUE IN LADY'S WATCHES.

(1 GUINEAS. JO,AN KIIILLIB'S, 19. NORTON-ST, LIVERPOOL, NEW GUN TIMEKEEPING WATCH, WILL NOT VARY MORE THAN TEN SECONDS PER MONTH. g 31.95. 6D.—LLlAtesmtaPertodbuecatuiotn—llyFoiTintihslisie.garafnut plate pure English Chronometer-capped LIIVER, compen- sated and adjusted to all changes of temperature, extra jewelled, mounted in 3-ounce solid Silver plain polished Hunting Casts with Gold joints. This grsnd " Guy Time- keeping Watch" possesses all those delicate points, essential for perfect timekeeping, which raises its quality to a marked degree of distinction to those offered elsewhere at the same price. Thoroughly recommended for life time's wear. Call and inspect. 30, Low-hill.

ENGAGEMENT RINGS. DRESS RINGS. CHOICE 4 GEMS OF NATURE. CAREFULLY SELECTED BARGAINS. OFFERED AT 50 PRE CENT. CHEAPER THAN ANY OTHER JEWELLER. GREATEST VALUE POSSIBLE TO BE OBTAINED. 210 12s. 6D.— lourttliful3os-Gettneeasb.;Tilleiaonr really Die- mond HALF-HOOP, effusing prismatic colours, presenting one blaze cf fire and brilliance, in carved 18-carat massive told setting. 25 7s. 6D.—ra —Worth 18 HALF —HOOP, four pure white perfect brilliant diamonds and three large size sapphires, blending with such harmony as to gratify the tastes of the most refined, mounted securely in 18-carat hall marked caw setting, 24 12s: (3 5 D .—lfiNcoerntp Ig_?ttoi inneea 1 . Forthi this Diamond brilliantgtii- - HALF-1100P, of restless lustre, continuing effect of brilliancy night and day: carved 18-carst b olid massive strong setting. Cannot be beaten anywhere. Valued at 10 Guineas.—For handsome 5- • S. stone brilliant Diamonds, set in 18-carat 5.13 15 scrolled claw setting, undoubtedly a ring of modern :taste of dazzling lustre. —Valu22 12s. 6 • D..ied-Haot Gbiriiiilliaans.t-I:iiivanie-sotneciiise every stone perfect in cut and finish, producing grand lustre and brilliancy, securely set in solid 18-carat hall-marked claw setting; a wonderful ring for the money. 22 ss.—mwoonrriLaßuciinuei7.2.—pAanifiocenentbll.3.-estornfiereDanitta- lustre, mounted in 18-carat solid thick gold. This ring is exquisite, and should be seen. —Cost 5 Guineas —Three-stone brill! -nt I I_ eJS. Diamond 18:earat ENGAGEMENT RING, ware large size stone of continuous effect and beauty, in gipsy setting. 91 —Worth £3.—Our special brilliant Diamond and S. Eipphire ENGAGEMENT RING, mounted in mas- sive 18-carat solid hall-marked gold. This ring is very neat in make and finish, and worth three times the money we oak; is being found to suit the majority of tastes. Call and see it. 16s. 6.—. vg..l7lSrlgNleC,LamotstelgiaimnotlLaanradt Rsoulbiyt; gold hall-marked setting, strong, well-made, neat and reli- able ring. Any of the above Rings will be forwarded on approval, and money returned willingly if not as represented.

23 (—(Cot 9 Guineis) —For Gent's Single-stone Ji_ S . pure Fir,ll Water Brazilian DIAMOND, guaranteed to be pure white, without a speck et flaw, beauti- ful and perfect in cut and finish, effusing thoie sustaining charms only obtainable in the choicest ;iems of nature; nrainted securely in solid 18-ct. claw. setting. Seekers of such rings shonld call in and compare.

£3 LADY'S SOLID GOLD ALBERT. 29.. 6 .D. looorlaedrisj arlyer prettywt; solidrchlyfienne gold e y and ball drop Gcvernment stamped, and warranted mosei reliable quality, and a very handsome present. Written guarantee given. Sent on approved registered post. --- CHOICE SOLID_GOLD BROOCHES, from 4s, to £5

MARVELLOUS VALUE. £2 10s. LADY'h SOLID SILVER WATCH. 16 —Fur Lady's Solid sterling Silver WATCH, examined 3. by J. Robinson, ShewAmry ; full jewelled and gold joints, and special chance tor a lady. Guaranteed lb years. Payments accepted. DIAT&O-Zi—D—BROOL:HES. MAUVELLOUS VALUE.

£2 lOs SIX BOTTLE Al QUALITY DINNER CRUET. 18s. OD. C—R7rET'anodis pare ee six-bottle full-size `;Ilel-ksiersl?vIeNr"A quality, fitted with six cut-glass bottles of pretty deiiign Warranted a life-time's wear 2erfe3t condition. Suitable present.

WATCH VALUE.—GENT'S £4 10s. CRYSTAL GLASS SOLID SILVER, OPEN FACE, ENGLISH- FINISHED LEVER, GUARANTEED 20 YEARS, BEST VALUE POSSIBLE TO SECURE. 21 Els. 6D. Ffionrilifsi strong ma nedi ercritk),,g, jEenwg_liiisetid-; In 15 actions, chronometer balance, winds to the wearer mounted in extra strong, massive, plain polished English hall-marked and Government stamped sterling silver cases, damp and dust proof; with gold hands and dead flat glass; just deanea and timed. May be seen now in our windows, keeping time to one minute per mouth; most vivid action. reliable pezformance. Warranted twenty years Exchanges. PAymcmts accepted. - DAVIES'S OPFER THE BEST VALUE IN WATCHES.

• £4 les CURB ANTI PADLOCK BRACELET. EXCEPTIONAL OFFER. DECIDED OFFER. 36 —For Lady's Full-size Solid Fine Gold Government S. stamped OURB and PADLOCK BRACELET, with patent solid gold safety chain measuring seven inches long and nearly half-an-inch wide, highly finished, in perfect condition, like new. Warranted a great bargain. Sent on approval per registered post on receipt. of P.O. or satisfactory references. SPECIAL VALUE IN CURB BRACELETS.

GRAND NEW YEAR'S PRESENT FOll YOUTH. HAN DSOME 2-GUINEA OPEN FACE CRYSTAL GLASS SOLID STAMPED SILVER WATCH, WITH CHAIN AND PENDANT WARRANTED. 11:;) 1 1 —ror this beau tiful and highly-finished .11. D. Youth's Jewelled Crystal Glass WATCH indistinguishable from new, with a written gatrantee for ten years. This is quite an exceptional Christmas offer which cannot be repeated. Warranted fint-class timekerper. bent. on approval registered post.; •

BDROOM SUITB, very fine lot, hisolid walnut, maho- gany lined, fine roomy wardrobe with bevelled plate robing glass door, deep drawer under brass handles, good looks, and carved panels; fine dressing chest, with t ofty silvered bevelled glass, on carved supports, six drawers with brass handles; washstand with marble slab, to hold double set of toilet ware, double tiled back in carved frame ; pedestal towel rail, and three chairs. The lot will be delivered free; cost late owner £22 ; now only £l3lo6,—MELLoh,pawnbroker, 210, Park-road Liver; 001.

DIANOFORTB. very noble and fine instrument, by John .1.. Broadwood and Son (gennine),originally cost 98 guineas, in very handsome carved case, neat panel front with 'sconces, elaborate carved legs, full trichord, ivory keys, check action, very powerful mellow tone, quite equal to new ; also very fine music stool, made by Weston, Rodney-street, hair stuffed, covered with wool work, grand carved support ; will give written guarantee as to condition • room badly wanted, Lowest cash price 25 guineas for both.—J. W. MELLOR, pawn- broker, 210, Park-road, Liverpool,

800K0A.814, sound, second-hand piece of Furniture, in capital condition. solid walnut, 3ft. 6in. wide and 81 t. high, fitted with three movable shelves and glazed doors, under portion forms sideboard, with drawer and two cnp- boards, good locks and brass handles ;will deliver free. Only £4 15s. ; worth 7 guineas.—MELLos, pawnbroker. 210 Park- road, Liverpool,

DININCI-ROOM SUITH, nine pieces in solid dark oak well upholstered, and covered in olive-coloured saddlebags, very finest quality; the six small chairs on castors, and upholstered backs; fine pair of castes, and good, roomy couch; cost late °Nyder 22 guineas; now only £l4 10s. ---MELLon pawnbroker, 210, Park-road, Lverpool.

TABAWING-ROOM SUITH, very fine, equal to the day it was new, solid walnut frames, extra well ,made. covered in rich saddlebags just forfeited ; under special agreement : cost originally about 12 guineas; will sell and deliver for £8 10s.—Mxixon, 210, Park-road, pawnbroker, Liverpool.

DIANOYORTN, by H. Polkien, London, very fine high- class cottage model, with steel !tame, handsome Italian walnut case, with handsome panel front and sconces, full trichord, check action; guaranteed in perfectly good and sound condition ; delivered and tuned free ; wonderful value; room wanted ; only 19 guineas' cost very recently 38 guineas.—MELLOß, pawnbroker, 210, Park-road, Toateth park, Liverpool.

CURTAINS and Set of Bed Hangings to match, cost late owner £ll, never been put up, very best quality damask, everything complete and free from a single mark, will sell for 4 guineas ; just forfeited, under special agree- ment.— MELLOR, pawnbroker, 210, Park-rood, %oiteth- park, Liverpool.

IDATCHWOIIK QUILT (Persian), very large size, all pure 1. silk, with deep silk repp border, wonderful value, only £3; perfectly clean.—J. W. MELLon, pawnbroker, 210, Park-road. Liverpool.

eIHARACTHR correctly indicated from handwriting; fee ki Ts. 7d.—Address Miss C. WILICLN, 56 Park-road, Haver- stock Hill, London.

QODA WATER PLANT, including pump and copper cylin- kJ der. lead generator. and copper gasometer, Price £l5. —Apply J. WOORE, 143. Richmond-row. Liverpool.

BAD-DBBTS.—A very successful form for collecting bad debts 6 stamps, or exchange is. genuine.—BDWAllD PiLittEu. Hygienic Bakery. Brandon, Suffolk.

I) MUMS for Wringing Machines:ready turned and bored, It any size up to 241 n. by 61n.. 3s. 6d. each, 6s. a pair.— PETER McKarma and Co., Marsh-lane, Bootle..

BRGB JACICHTS, 45. 6d., Cord and Mole Trousers, 64.6 d.; 1,3 Printed Mole Trousers, look like cloth, 58. 6d.—lLe.GuE AND Co.. limited, 65. Byron:I-street Liverpool.

DILBS.—BODDY'S PATBNT OINTMENT. Cures all out. ward Piles in two or three days ; Post free, with Testi- monials, Is. 2d. ; only one trial solicited.—W, BODDY, Brad- ford, Yorks.

• r ADT wishes to part with her very handsome MANDO- -1-1 LINE, 225. 6di ; also beautiful VIOLIN, with Bow and Tutor 195.; both in Splendid eases ; approvaI.—ADTERTISER, 77. Keppoch-street, Cardiff.

II ALL MARKED SILVER MOUNTED PIPE given to every purchaser of fib. Gilbert's SMOKING MIXTURE (first order only). excellent flavour. Everyone delighted. Nineteen stamps.—B.IIIINTLEY, Horsefair, Kidderminster, SPLENDID Assortmeht of New Season's Pstterns for our Celebrated 10s. 6d. (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonder- fully good vaIue.—HAGUE AND Co., Limited, i-5, Byrom-st. Liverpool.

`IUTLBRt PLATH and TOOLS.—Thousands of oddments. tons of job lots, heaps of splendid bargains. Assorted parcels suitable for ehon-keepers, market people, hawkers, Ice., 10s. 6d., 20s. and 508,—H. GILLAM, Milton-street, Sheflie'd.

CLOUT and RHEUMATISM promptly RELIEVED and Ur SPEEDILY CURED, simple and efficacious remedy; send thirteen penny stamps for full recipe post free, saving exorbitant doctor's fees.—S. CORLEY. 163. Ham Park-road, London B. Completely cured Advertiser.

F PILES, inward. outward, or bleeding. take Sped- .l2 ding's Baselib and be cured, as hundreds before. Sold by chemists and Taylors' Stores, or Proprietor—SrEnnnfa. Bone Setter, Batley. is. !ts box ; post free is. 2d. W.hole- sale Agents : GoODJIALL. BACKHOUSE St Co., Leeds.

TIORSAS' LOIN CLOTIIS. . best and strongest in the Market. 46in. long by 381 n wide, waterproof. on stout navy canvas, and weighs 41b. I will send one post free for 35., worth 7s. 6d.—From HENRY JOHN GASSON. Rye, Sussex.

AFES.—GBORGB PRICE, LTD. Cleveland-et.. Wolver- io hampton, Sole Makers of the celebrated Patent " Case Hardened "Dent Steel Safes, as supplied to her Majesty's Goverument. Write or call for price list.

WASTE Paper of all kinds, old account books, copying Y books. pamphlets, circulars WANTED; re-manufac- ture guaranteed.—EDWlN BUTTERWORTH and Co., 61, Waterloo-road, Liverpool. Telephone 1,315.

IGHT WATHRPROOF SHRETS, 6ft. long, 3ft. wide, 1.1 2s. 6d. ; or6't. long and 61t. wide. 5a.; very strong. with brass eyelet-holes. cost four times the money. Post free from—HENRY JOHN G-ASS3N, Government Contractor, Rya Sussex. •

][tUGS I RUGS I S—Good, all wool, Bth. long, 6th. wide, and weigh over four pounds • Government grey ,• only been used a little; much better than common new ; I will send one post free for 3s.—From HENRY JOHN CA-Assort', Government Contractor, Rye, Sussex. 25;000Pairsvlce of LEGGINGS, justpassed erstonan g d good-lo outoki o f with whalebone h- stiffening 4 siydes,rstrap top and bottomn,gleawther lace up sides, extra bound leather, bound top and bottom. Cost Is. per pair ; will send one pair post free for 24 stamps from H. J. Gissos, Government contractor, Rye.

ILI 00K t LOOK ! ! LOOK it I Greatest bargains on J earth. 10,000 Waterproof Hoods and Capes. Purchased from the Government. Co3t 7s. 6d. each. I will send a Hood and Cape for 24 stamps, post free. Quite new, but put out of service.—HEMLY JOHN Cies ioN, Government Contractor, Rye, Sussex. .

------- - PDUNS 1 PILES 1 PILES 1 And all diseases of impure blood. celebrated remedies are guaranteed to cure them or money returned. What other firm with so- called remedies offer terms like this? None genuine unless from 6. HEATII-STREET, Lower Broughton-road, Manchester. Post free is. 3d. hundreds of cures and never a failure known.

FO BE SOLD BY PRIVATE TREATY, a large I BRICK YARD and PLANT situate NEAR CROSS- ', ANL a large quantity of Brick lilrrows, Covering Boa: ds, Wilt cling Planks. Brick Stools, and a large Shed and Stab`es, and qnsmtity of Clay Casted, plenty of water lice, and about 500,000 hand-made bricks, horse and carts; all fenced round.—Apply to RDWAIID BAILEY, Hotel-st., or R. BAILEY 20, St. John-5,., Earlestown.

MPORTANT TO .11tAkit1 IHD LADIEb. Valuable and never-falling remedies for all irregularities and obstructions however obs inate or kng-standing, and never tail to bring about the desired effect, as testified to by hundreds of cases; they are without parellel in medical science; have saved theusand trouble, illness and expense. Stamped enve!ope for price list.--QtrimmEn CHEMIST. 201, Great Ancoats-Bt.. Manchester.

zuptio, asoulturss,earrtages z•zt fl oopER AND SIMMONS COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES a Moderato Prices. Good Stock o select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams. Landaus. Victories, Wagonettes, and Phaetons. now for Sale or Hire.

AIATRIMONY.— A correct Photo of your future Husband or Wife, with future prospects. 13 stamps and stamp directed envelo.,C—Send age, sex, and, if possible, time of birth, to FRED HERBERT, High-street, Whitstable, Kent.

21 URGENTLY WANTED for Three Weeks. Will pay £5 interest and give Private Lender security to more thau double amount. No loan office.—Address " FILorcE," " Examiner " Offi .e. Warrington.

riIRY, AND BB CONVINCED. Money .dyanced ail 3 ht 1 a few hours' notice from -23 upwards, simply on note of hand. Interest lower than elsewhere, and cash brought to the house if preft•rred. Letters promptly att,nded to.— Apply in confidence JONES, 64, Church-street, Warrington, Private house. Special terms to farmers. Hours 9 a.m. to 8 P.m.

£2OOOOO At from 4 per cent. (trust and other money) to to‘l Advanced on Mortgage or Deposit of Deeds, in sums to suit borrowers. in any part of the country.—J. W. READER, 5, Cook-st., Liverpool. Tele- graph No. 5,18'.

MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. APRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at his disposal is open to advance Loans daily from upwards. No fees charged. No security required. Simply on note of hand. Distance no object.—Apply personally or by letter to MANAGER, 6, Cross Lane, Earlestown (private house). Hours 9am. to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guaran- teed. Special terms to Farmers.

TH E OLDEST ADVANCE OFFICE IN MANCHESTER. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO to £SCO upon PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY at much lower interest than usually charged. Repayment Arranged to suit bor- rowers' requirements. Genuine qt,d extensive business done for 25 years past. No Bills of Sale taken.—Apply or write for terms to GEORGE, PAYNFI, Accountant, 20, Kennedy- st., Manchester.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. mR. JOHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCE,: PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable tic useholders, on their own security. .dONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public euqui,ry, on your simple written premise to pay back.—Apply Pt Vlb- TORIA CHAMBERS <foot of the Central !Ration), WIDNES, and .In WARRINGTCN at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane. any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive recisely the same attention.

ViONEY.—A NUVATE GENTLEMAN with a ILL large Capital will make ADVA NCHS from £5 to £5OO to all respectab:e Householders, Tradesmen, Workingmen, and to all Classes worthy of Credit, simply on written promise to repay. No bondsmen. No publicity, and no inquiry tee. The Money can be advanced, if required, at the borrOwers' own house thus saving them trouble and expense. If you cannot get an advanc,. from me it will be useless applying elsewhere, as no respectable application is ever refused.— Apply MR. WEST, 32. Golborne-et. (private house) off Sankey- et., Warrington. N.B.—All letters prompt attention. Apply and be convinced. (No agent.)

A, if ONEY LENT on note of hand alone, without sureties, publicity, or security, from £2O to £5,000, to ladies or gentlemen, tradesmen, clerks, farmers, or any responsible person in town or country (distance no object) upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. No fees or preliminary charges sihatever ; strictly private, prompt and straightforward dealings gua, anteed. Bills discounted, Res- pectable borrowers elsewhere paying the usual extortionate loan office money lender.' or so called Banks heavy interest and fees, are cordially invited to come to me, and I will ac- commodate them upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. Before applying elsewhere call or write. WILLIAM SPENCER, 1, Wellington-buildings South, 2, Lither- land Alley, South Castle-street, Liverpool. Established 1851.

LOANS £3 TO £5OO. DAILY ON YOUR OWN SECURITY. NO BONDS REQUIRED, AND STRICTLY PRIVATE. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. £l5 repayable 7/6 per wk. £5 ~2/6 ~ £2) IC/- „ £lO 6/- , £25 ~ 12/6 „ Also LOANS granted on Life Assurauco Policies, Re- versions, Freehold and Leasehold Property, -o.t Five per cent. interest. Letters receive prompt attention. Office hours 10 to 7, Saturday 10 to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH WADSWORTH, District Agent, 119, MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

AMANCHESTER GENTLEMAN with large uninvested Capital, WILL ADVANCE SUMS OF LIO to £l,OOO, to respectable persons, on the Borrowers' SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE to REPAY. Without Sureties j Also on Deeds I Repayments. „ Delay. j „ Life Polices 6d. in the £ Law Costs. ic. weekly,monthly „ Publicity. 1 or quarterly Capital can remain at interest. This Office is a Bona-fide Private Concern, and not connected with any Loan Office. HABITUAL BORROWERS requested not to apply. Full particulars from J. CAMPBELL, ESQ. Manchester Chambers 46a, Market-st., Manchester.

QPRCIAL SALE OF 300 PIANOS. ORGANS, AT J. i 3 PARRY'S. 20, DO WNINCr-STRRET, Lonon-road, Manchester. Premises coming down, and must clear a'-. any price. Several square pianos 5} octaves, from £1 ss. Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Caclby Full-compass I ron.frame Cottage, by Brinsmead 7 10 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by J. J. Hopkinson 16 0 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Collard & Collard 10 15 Full-compass Iron-franie Cottage, by Adams 4 0 Full-compass Iror-frame Cottage, by Tomkinson 7 10 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Kirkman lB 0 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Erard Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Broadwood l2 10 Fine Chancel Organ in oak case, cost £25 About 60 One and Two Manual Organs from £3 to £.40. Several high-class New Pianos with all the very latest Improvements by Erard, Kirkman, Collard. Brinsmead, 1 Pohlmann, Hilton, Hopkinson. Rod Ihach, Newmeyer.Weber.

SIAITH'S FAMOUS PIANOSI 34, OXFORD-STREET, 83. PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER. 179, OXFORD-STREET, 102 and 104. PINS PONE STREET, SHEFFIELD. 90,; DUKE-STREET, BARROW-IN-FURNESS. Without doubt the best and cheapest house for Pianos or Organs by all the great makers. PIANOS Milli s. 6d. Monthly }TILL PAID FOR. ORGANS at 55. 6d, Monthly Second-hand Instruments at Lower Rates. Delivered free anywhere on payment of first month's hire Send for Price List (post free), or what is better still, Call on z..-XITH personally, aoy day up to 7 p.m.; Saturday, a p.m. SMITH'S NEW "LIFE INSURANCE" SCHEME. Every instrument on SMITH'S Hire System is insured , free of charge during the hiring, to the extent of the full value of the instrument, and should the hirer's death ensue in the meantime the instrument will be absolutely made over to the nearest relative of the hirer without any further payment whatever, no matter what the amount still owing may be.provi4ed there are no arrears of hire at the time. No addition whatever is made to the ordinary price. This is a perfectly genuine scheme, and there is no trick or catch about it. PLETEL'S PIANOS. The Pianos forthe present and future generations. Our tune's report these instruments, without exception, to be the finest in tone and touch that they have ever tuned. The:favourite instrument of Chopin, the Piano Poet who would play upon no other make. OBLIQUE, List Price 68 GUINEAS. 33 1-3 per cent, off for cash, or 20 per cent. off on the hir system. Sole Agents SMITH'S. At MANCHESTER; 34, OXFORD-ST., 83, PICCADILLY, and 179, OXFORD-ST. 102 and 104. PINSTONR ST,. SHEFFIELD. 90, DUKE-STREET. BARROW-IN-FURNESS.

OOPING COUGH The celebrated effectual HIOOPING COUGH cure without internal medicine. HOOPING COUGH HOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price . 4s. per bottle. Sole BRONCHITIS Wholesale Agents: W. EDWARDS & SON, CROUP 157, Queen Victoria St., London.

TO PICITRE-FRAME MAKERS AND . DECORATORS. IFJMORELL,I7 and 18. Great St.Andrew-st.,Bloomsbury. W.C. Che.apest House in London ft;.- Bnglish and Foreign Picture-Frame and Room Mouldings, Veneered and Fancy Wood Mouldings. Scc. Wholesale Carver and Gilder and Mount Cutter. Regilding. Special attention to country orders. Pull particulars in New Pattern Book. Flat put.- lished, 107 pages containing all the newest designs, for six penny stamps. Glass Lists Free monthly. Telegrams RABBITRY. London."

DANCING. ms,sv DG NREESEDNAYWNI itL XT T RESUMEuA R yhe r 8 TCrIL A.St to hne DRUID'S HALL, SANKEY-STREET, from 8 to 10.30. Terms, Bs. 6d. per quarter of Ten Lessons.

Telephone : N 0.55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, A.UUTIONEER AND VALUER, OFFlCE—Market Gate Chambers, ). Warrington. AUCTION Rooms—No.l Bank Street AGENT TO---Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London(Accident Plate Glass,Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association Established 1866. Imperial Live Stock Insurance As sochtien Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boilerlnsurance Company, Limited. Established 1864.

THOMAS kpfTEORGE GROUNDS, MARKET-STREET CHAMBERS, WARRINGTON, (Late 10 years assistant collector and assessor of Income Tax,The House Duties, and Land Tax to Mr. Thomas Sutton, Legh-street; Warrington). ESTATE AND INSURANCE AGENT. Rents collected on reasonable terms. INCOME TAX WORK A SPECIALITY.

JONZS AND ELS WORTH INCORPORATED ACCOUNTANTS. ESTATE AGENTS, ac., 57, WIIITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE of Property for Sale by Private Treaty. sent post free to any address on application. Re-issue periodically. Particulars of property entered with- out charge unless a sale is effected. Advances made by ~everal Building Societies (Permanent) on easy terms. No PREMIUM CHARGED IN CONNECTION WITH ADTANCES ON GOOD FREEHOLD SECURITIES. Private mort- gages arranged at low rates of interest. Telegraphic Address, " Elsworth, Liverpool," Telephone No. 2,136,

FHOMAS COWDELL, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFICES AND ISCOTLAND-ROAD ChArPERS, SALEEOOII: f 45, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Furniture on Sale by Private Treaty. CONSIGNMENTS INVITED.

TOR SALE, Baker's patent MANGLE, in good condition; no reasonable offer refused.—Apply 2, PITT-STREET, CLester.

ON SALE, Four-horseiTHRESHING MACHINE, equal to new, with shakers, horsewheel6ft.. all complete for £B. —THOMAS PARKER, Myer.cough. near Preston.

ENGINES, Boilers, bhafting, Pulleys, Pedestals, Belting, large and varied Assortment of Machinery on Sale.— JoaN T. DAMES, engineer, machinery stores, 5, Henry-st., Liver! 001.

IMMEDIATB SALE, 10 horse TRACTION, 7 horse Portable ENGINE, good repairs price £75 and -5225 r spectively, also 2 horse ENG NE with chaff-cutter, £lO, suit former.— WOODMAN, Fingham.

LIT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormered 0 Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229.

0 V MACHINE TOOLS, comprising Lathes, Drills, Planers, Shapers , Engines, Steam Hammers, &c., now ready. Apply. r.,corr Duos., Halifax. Patent Duplex High Speed Gas Eng,nes, effect saving of from 15 to 25 per cent. gas per brake h.-p. on the ordinary single-crank gas engine. Best and cheapest extant. pA TEN T OFF ICN MANUHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha 4 more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledgeof the-cotton, woollen, and iron manufacthres. —Self-11-alp to the New Patent Law, price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

TUCK AND kjo., Limited. INDIA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES, &c. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread," Copper Sewn. or 4,)EMENTED ()NLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street. Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester. London, Cardiff, Newport. and Dublin, LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

ECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

ivi ADAM E FRAIN'S FAMOUS FEMALE ..011. MIXTURE. The most powerful and effective on earth. For the most obstinate cases. Will not injure the most delicate. Price 7s. 6d. (Strongest 113. bottle). Post free 6d. extra. IIERI3AL INSTITUTE, IA, HACKNEY-ROAD, (facirig Shorei!itch Church). LONDON, Send at once stamped directed envelope for particulars and proofs. I will forfeit £lO3 for every testimonial that is not genuine,and they can be seen at any time.

GOOD NEWS FOR LADIES. ALADY, the daughter of a late eminent physician, will be pleased to forward full particulars (on receipt of a stamped directed envelope) of a Certain Cure for all forms ef Irregularities. no matter how caused or how long standing The Remedy causes no Pain, Nausea, or Prostration what ever. MADAME DOUGLAS, 127, Gaisford-street, London, N.W A Positive Cure Guaranteed. Hours sto 9 p.m.. on TUESDAYS, THURSDAYS, or by appointment. Name this paper

THE DEAF HEAR. Deafness, Head Noises, and all other distressing ailments associated with loss of hearing, absolutely cured by using " AURALINE ESSENCE" after all else has failed. The most marvellous medical discovery of the Nineteenth Century. Acts a charm. Hundreds of grateful testimonials. Sufferers ! Why remain deaf when a cure awaits you ? Post free, 2s. 9d. per Bottle.--THE MACKEY REMEDY COMPANY, 104, High Holborn, London.—Beware of injuri- ous instruments and other appliances.

- - ,vi ACKENZIE'S FEMALE REMEDY. One ease INJL guaranteed to remove the most OBSTINATE 0133TRUCTICNS and IRREGULARITIES in 12 hours HARMLESS. Nothing can resist it. Failure is impossible Seed stamped envelope for PARTICULARS. TESTI- MONIALS. and ADVICE. Ours is the most POWERFUL and STRONGEST Remedy Sold, and in no single cas has it ever failed—even in the m 3st lengstanding, intricate, and lingering cases. Post free, under .cover, with written guarantee of cure 58. (five shilhngs),—Mrs. w. MACKENZIE, Trafford House, 83, Dawes-road, Fulham, London. Mention paper.

11011 IGS.—Ten well-bred PIGS, 10 wesks old, cheap.—Apply at THE GROTTO, 352, Walton Breek-road, Cabbage Hall, Liverpool.

2- - POWERFUL CART MARRS, 11E rd to farm work, 7 years old, warranted sound, good in shafts and chains, ones infoal by valueable cart horseJoaltt in April,would let her go till 4 months after foaling and give foal for mares keep 20 guineas each,protnising cart colt =broken 3 years £16.-65 NICIIOLSON-TREET, Warrington. pRBTTY POLLY Yes, the "Parrot Trick " has, hee7a worked successfully many a time and olt. Yost stalest plan is to go to some large importer and purchase direct from him. Of course it is his aim to supply good birsis, as each one is an advertisement. Remember his address re- mains the same, while the swindler changes his repeatedly. Copied from the " Yorkshire Weekly Post. -WittWa!Citese, Liverpool, the Largest Importer of Birds. Beast, and Reptiles in the World. 800 Cages.

SORE SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS, &a., quickly CURED nY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary Book free from 61, Turnmill-Street, B. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts, bruises, troken knees, cracked heels, grease or thrush, CURED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Ce.indy's diluted). It makes the hair grow where rubbed off. Prices, 80z. is.; 20 oz., Is. of all Chemists. VETERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing diseases of Horses, Dogs, Re. from CONDY'S FLVID 5tRX.6i. Turnmill-street. Lomion.E C.

LONDON. WR WILD'S TEMPERANC HOTEL 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, BUSTON SQUAR.O. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS A-Nrn QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

HIGFI-CLASS SECOND-HA FURNITURE. GIGANTIC CLEARANCE SALE. ENORMOUS REDUCTIONS IN EVERYTHING. THE GREATEST BARGAINS IN THE WORLD.

WORSLEY'S, GAYTHORN, MANCHESTER. THOUSANDS OF ODDMENTS. TONS OF JOB LOTS. HEAPS OF SPLENDID BARGAINS. HIGH-CLASS FURNITURE, PIANOS, ORGANS, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, BEDDING, CURTAINS, BRASS FENDER, FIREBRASSES. OFFICE FURNITUSS All to be cleared at Greatly Reduced Prices.

THE SALE LASTS ONE MONTH, From January 2nd to January 318 t. ALL AliE INVITED TO INSPECT.

WEEKLY CHAT : SUBJECT. WORSLEY'S BIG SALE. It is customary, in all well-regulated houses of business, - onco, at least, every year to take stock, balance up, and ascertain whether business has been worked at a profit or a. loss. Worsley', have always had a firm of chartered ac- countants to examine the books, and issue a balance-sheet. From the report issued, we find that the present half-year from July Ist to December 315t,1895, is toe most successful. The turnover is over £20,000 more than any previous half-year. Mr. Worsley has, therefore, telt justified in an extension of premises, and has succeeded in aiding to The Pantheon the largest Show-Room in Manchester, being one of theentire floors of the large mill immediately behind" The Pantheon?' A magnificent Pianoforte Saloon is also in course of prepara- tion. The Manchester Electric Company's tender for a corn- , plete installation, including our own engine, dynamo, and. plant, has been accepted by Mr. Worsley, and is being rapidly completed. "THE PANTHEON." when re-arranged and finished, by February the Ist, will be- ta magnificent show, and, in order to have everything fresh and perfect, Mr. Worsley has determined to get rid of his present stock at any price. No reasonable offer will be refused, The goods bought now can be stored at our Depository, in River-place, City-road, free of charge. _until- required. SPECIAL TERMS. DURING THE SALE. - Goods delivered anywhere carriage paid. Carpets and Curtains fitted free of charge, Storage and Fire Insurance free of charge. Goods not approved, exchange free of charge. Net Cash in every case on sa,e Prices. Deferred payments at 10 per cent on Sale Prices. A Writtea Warranty wi. h all goods at Sale Prices. COMPLETE HOUSES OF FURNITURE. WORSLEY'S BIG SALE. We have here over 50 Houses of Furniture in stock on view. ranging from ordinary prices £lO 10s., £l5, £2O, £25, £3O. up to £lOO. We shall offer these at £8 10s.. £l2. £l5. Ea°. f.;25, up to £75. We invite every one requiring & compact, neat, substantial House of Furniture to write quickly tO Worsiey's for a list ot a complete House of Furniture, at the price nearest to their i,ockets Wors!ey's will s.nd post free. The whole of the cash need not be paid forthwith, 5 per cent. deposit being only required. WORSLEY'S.

DINING-ROOM FURNITURE. W ORSLEY'S BIG SALE. A magnificent Show in this Department. Some of the re- ductions here are startling. but it is utterly impossible to adequately describe the Bargains. Your must oome to The Pantheon to appreciate it countless advantages in Furnish- ing. It will cost you nothing to inspect, but will profit yOu much. It does not matter whether you buy or not. Come and inspect. 150 Dining-room Suites, from £5 to £6O; reduced frela 24 to £45. 100 Dining Tables, all, sizes; all woods, from Ks. to AO ; reduced to 15s. to 2.12 10 205 Sideboards, all sizes, from 355. to £lO5 ; reduced to 255. to £75. 197 Overmantels. in all woods, shapes, and sizes, the finest Stock in Manchester ; reduced to 12s. 6d. to £lO. N.B.—Every item in the above is- good and substantial,and well worth inspection. THE MUSIC DEPARTMENT. NVORSLEYS BIG SALE. To make a clearance here, we intend almost giving plaeoB away. The profits of the music seller are usually so mightl high, that Worsley's are always about 40 per cent, belovf their, but profit is not now a consideration; we wish to elear. Worsley's will, during the month of January, throw,hout the Big Sale, sell Pianos and Organs at half music sellers' price& There is over 100 first-class instruments on show, from £2 ta., £lO. New Pianos by Erard, Kirkman, Broadwood, Collect+ Schiedmaver, liud lbach, at marvellous prices. Send for complete 'list. Second-hand Pianos and Organs. by all the best makers, at £2, £3.24, £5,26, 21,28,.£9 and £lO, simPli astonishing bargains. Call and inspect.

DRAWING-ROOM FURNITURS WORSLBY'S BIG SAL IL.. This department is simply an exquisite show of beauw---, rich recherche colours, containing the finest specimens 0" high class artistic cabinet work. The expressions of surprlo6, of visitors to Worsley's often are that they had no idea we MK' such high class work in cabinet furniture. Woisley's hat! quite as good furniture as the very best, highest-priced honor in Manchester. The Drawing-room Show-room contains Oil 200 Cabinets, all sLapes and sizes. carved, inlaid. We ha reduced them in price to much below the auction price. T12,_..0; range from 30s to £5O, the 50 one being worth £l5O. Trn Drawing-room Suites are well worth inspeetion,forming quiw an army of celightful variety. Complete Suites from £3 106 to £45 ; worthdoub le and treble the amount. There is On immense variety of Cabinet Music-and Brie a Brae. 00°11. atonal Tables. Card and Wine Tables. Overmantles, Figures, Vases, Pictures, &c.

EDSTEAD DEPARTMENT. WORSLEY'S BIG SALE. Thousands of Brass Bedsteads, forming a georgeous,glitto_%." ing, dazzling sea of gold. Here are bargains galore. S_ ,_OIW Brass Bedsteads, from £2 lOs to £25. Brass Alounted steads, from 15s to £5 ; all tull-size, fitted complete, A of odd Bedsteads, to be cle-ired at old iron prices. Spria Mattresses at 7s 61 to 21s ; worth three times the monef• Bedding, a little soiled, at a tenth of .the usual price. SpliW did Wool Mattresses and Beds are awfully ridiculous prices* 48 to 108. Curtains and Bed Drapery at giving away prio4B° All our new Bedding will be the same price. No reductbA in New lipid-mg, simply because tare make up all orders for New Bedding specially. Prices are • only reduced on Whitt in stock.. BEDROOM FURNITURE. WORSLEY'S BIG SALE. Theßiggest Stock of Bedroom Furniture in Manchester' We say thielvithout fear of contradiction, and as we are coir. structing 20 separate rooms to show Bedroom Furnitureetn. it is-only natural that the stock must be reduced. Bedroolll Suites, woith £2O, £3O, £4O, andi2so, may he secured at O. £lO, £l5, and £2O. For instance, a magnificent Bedrooo Suite, in Solid American Walnut, all deeply carved in be relief, 6 feet Wardrobe, massive and unique pair of fulli encloseditlvessing Stand and Washstand, three ha.rs. Tov/41 Rail,.andTable de Nuet, cost £5O. may be secured for £l. 10s, Another magnificent 7-feat Pitchoine tedroom Suite, cost £65, for 220. Bedroom Suites at 25 to £lO ; sold else- where at £l5 to £3O. Pairs of Dressing Tables and, Walt' stands, at 15s to 25 per pair, in all woods ; simply astounding' Chests of Draweas, at 10s to £2. Odd Wardrobes, alz, 20e 't° £lO, so low in price as to almost knock you down with our prise. Splendid Spanish Mahogany Wardrobes, alliseconcr hand, rich colours. 4 feet, 5 feet, 6 feet, and 7 feet, ranging from £3 lOs to £2O ; cost originally four timis thissmonet Standsito match. Painted Furniture awfully cheamo 5d l 0 great variety. Inspectiok invited.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, prepared without Mercury, are invaluable to all who suffer from Butous and LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, WIND, SPASMS, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, IRRITABILITY, LOSS OF APPETITE, DYSPEPSIA, HEARTBURN, GIDDINESS, .&c. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, RS a GENERAL FAMILY APERIENT MEDICINE gave no equal, being mild in their operation and grateful ti the stomach. They give a healthy tone and vigour to the different secretions, causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus restorino; the appetite, promoting digestion and strengtheniog the whole pystem. DR, SCOTT'S PILLS, should be kept at hand by all Heads of households, to resort to OR any slight occasion of ailing on the p-rt of those under thiir charge as by paying attention to the regular action to the Stomach, Liver and Bowels, many a severe illness is avoided or mitigated. Tne Genuine are wrapped in a square green package bearing the name of the proprietor, W. LAMBERT, 173, Sey- mour Place, London. W. By post for 14 or 34 stamps.

WOOLS, 'WV ORSTEDS, AND KNITTED HOSIERY DIRECT FROM OUR OWN MILLS. FLEMING, REID. AND CO., SPINNERS AND MANUFACTURERS, WORSTED MILLS, GREENOCK, Have Openc I a Branch of the SCOTCH 'WOOL & HOSIERY STORES AT 371 BRIDGE STREET, NV ARRINGTON. For the Sale of the Celebrated GREENOCK WOOLS and KNITTED HOSIERY and SHAWSWATER DRESS FABRICS. These Goods are well known and largely used in every Town in Scotland and England. PATTERNS AND PRICE LIST SUPPtIED FREE. Over 70 Branches in the Principal Scotchand English Towns.

IYPORTANT STOCKTAKING SALE OF RELIABLE SEALSKIN GARMENTS AND RlOll FURS. W. CREAMER CO.'S GREAT SALE OMM 'DICES ON MONDAY, JANUARY 6rH. SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS. REASONABLE AND GENUINE CON- CESSIONS. WILLIAM CREAMER AND CO. DEG to intimate that the present is an EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITY for purchasing CHOICE FURS and SEALSKIN JACKWIS. The Stock is simply enormous. Every Article own Manufacture and guaranteed I absolutely reliable. Newest Fashions, Smartest Shapes. . - UNLIMITED VARIETY. EXTREMELY KEEN PRICES. DETAILDD CATALOG-1i ?, ON APPLICATION. INSPECTION AND COMPARISON OF VALUE RESPECTFULLY INVITED. :MANUFACTORIES AND SHOWROOMS. 56, 13OLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

WINTER. CLOTHING. SEE THE WINDOWS OF THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT THE TALK OF THE TOWN. THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS FOR ALL AGES. THE M.C.D. OVERCOAT'S S. & D. B. CHESTERFIELD FROM 16S. 6D. TA THE OVERCOATS D. B. MUNSTER, WOOL LINED, 20S. EXTRA LO FROM THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS THE SCOTCH CLOAK, WOOL LINED, 18S. 6D. AND DEEP CAPES FROM THE M.O .D. OVERCOATS IN SCOTCH, ALL WOOL TWEEDS, SERGES, MELTuNS, BEAVERS, FUZE, NAPS, AND HARRIS TWEEDS. THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS IN ALL THE NUNV SHADES OF COLOURS. THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS FOR GENTLEMEN. THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS FUR YOUTHS. THB M.C.D. OVERCOATS FOR BOYS. IN A VARIETY OF FANCY SHAPES AND TRIMMINGS. THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS READY MADE. THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS TO MEASURE, BEST CUTTERS EMPLOYED. THE MC D • • • FOR GOOD WINTER E-UITS le a FROM 11./S. Up. THE M.C.D. FOR WINTER CLOTHING IN YOUTHS AND BOYS. • THE M.C.D. MAKE ALL THE GARMENTS THEY SELL, NO MIDDLE PROFITS, ALL DIRECT FROM THE MAKER TO THE WEARER AT FIRST COST. ru THE M.C.D. 289. 6D, 335. 6D, SUITS TO MEAAI,RE. 395. 455. TROUSERS, BS. 6D. _LOS. 6D, 12s, 13s. 6D. THE M.C.D. BLACK SUITS TO MEASURE. 28s. 6D. 335. 6D, 395. Go, 475. 6D. TROUSERS, Bs. 6D, 10S. 6D, 1:: 6D, 4 6D. THE M.C.D. HAN, E EVERY KIND OF CLOTHING READY FOR IMMEDIATE WEAR OR MADE TO MEASURE ON SHORT NOTICE. MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. 8, AND 10 HORSENIARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. 4.LLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEA.TLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM near WATKIN-STREET. WARRINGTON.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE':S CHLORODYNR. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. Cll LORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever dis- covered. CHLORODYNE is the best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption. Bronchitis, and Asthma. OHLORODYNE effectually cnecks and arrests tho ie too often fatal discases.—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup, Ague. CHLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea and is the only specific in cholera and Dysentery. CHLORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. CIHLORODYNE is the only palliotiye in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Menin- gitis. &c. From Dr. B. J. BOULTON and Co., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately, and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ. and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling of comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all others Sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. "Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla, to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully. and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNB."—See Lancet. Ist December. 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIKACY AND IMI- TATIONS. CIUTION.—Vice Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. Cows BROWNE was, undoubtedly, the inventor of " CHLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say. had beea sworn to.—See Times. 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is, lid., 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE" on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. SOLE MANUFACTURERS.—J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great Russell-st.. Bloomsbury, London.

EM. E'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS --- B FFERED AGONY FOR THIRTY YEARS. ---- EADWS piLLs. "30. Randall Street, Bridge Road. Battersea, S.W., January 27, 1892, EADws PILLS. "Dear Sir,—l feel it my duty to write and give you great praise L ADS 'S pILLs, for introducing such a valuable 114 medicine as your Gout Pills' Having SUFFERED UNTOLD AGONY FOR 30 YEARS. I can truly say I have never had anything to relieve my pAin so quickly as your Pills. I used to lay in bed for two or three months at a time, but now I not only get re- GOUT lief in a few hours but am able to get to work in less than a week. My complaint RHEUMATISM is the worst of all Gouts. called Chalk Gout. —Yours GOUT truly,, W. LITTLEjOHN." RHEUMATISM Mr. G. Bade. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. Prepared only by George Eade, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON. 8.C.; and Sold by all Chemists in Bottles. Is. lid., and 2s. 9d. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS

TAKING COLD. A " Cold " is not nPcessarily the result of a high or ow temperature. A person may go from a bot bath directly into a cold one, or into snow even, and not take cold. He may remain out in the coldest atmosphere until chilled through, and still not take cold. On the contrary,he may take cold by pouring a couple of table- spoonfuls of water upon some parts of his dress, or by standing in a door, or before a stove, or by sitting near a window or other opening, where one part of the body is colder than another part. Let it be kept in mind that uniformity of temperature over the whole body is the great thing to be looked after. It is the unequal heat upon ainerent parts of the body that produces Colds, by disturbing the uniform circulation of the blood, which in turn induces congestion of some part. Keep the feet always dry and warm, avoid draughts of air, keep the system braced up by plenty of sleep and good food, and by a powerful Tonic, and you will be proof against a Cold and its results. •rtl very best Medicine, either for reventing or curing a Cold, is G WILYAI EVAN'S QUININE BITTERS, E VEGETABLE TONIC, Which is the most perfect Vegetable Remedy known ,and the most efficacious to strengthen the constitution, en- liven the drooping or deprested soirits,brace the Nerves, and remove all Disorders of the Stomach which are caused by Indigestion, such as Loss of Appetite, distress alter Eating, Acidity of Stomach,Eructations, Heaviness and Langour. Disorders of the Liver are often caused by defective Digestion. The potency of the gastric juice in the process of Digestion is wonderfully aided by the powerful ingredients contained in GWILYII EVANS' QUININE BITTERS, THE VEGETABLE TONIC. While the Stomach recovers its normal tone, the putrid undigested food is cleared away, and the poor dyspeptic is relieved of his load of misery, once more enjoys good health, and looks forward to happiness and long life. GWILYII EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. THE VEGETABLE TONIC. Prices: Bottles, 2s. 93., and 43. 61. each. To be had of all Chemists and Vendors of Patent Medicines in the Kingdom, or will be sent at above Prices direct from the Proprietors : QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING CO. LTD., LLANELLY, SOUTH WALES.

, STEPH vet E,NBQti POISH7G-A PLEASURE I WILL NOT FINGER MARK. ~•-....: FU k •....,,::i:whiii, ::-:-.,,,..--, 41), FURNITURE EA i . !‘-...:•••.z.-- kie.,,(CtS... , .....„ , . , ~, , ~ , _ 2,', - -•••: • . . - , , 7 --- - i......,,, •,.,.\:,,,,.. :,....-..:..::::y- ,• -,=_-,;,-=_:......J._,,,_1_.. :.....;,, . , ~, -k.._=.„_--,..____-_---•_--..-.-.:,,,., „ _____• , itir 4 i,i;i.t.,:-.w4vg1it,1.,:,....•. _ .•,.. ..... ~.. ..„.,,.....„.._.• . Bole Proprietors, STEPHENSON BROS.. BRADFORD. Sold by Chemists, Grocers, and Ironmonger!b.

The Grand old Remedy for Chest Diseases. In use from the year 1826. eoNGREvEs BaLsamie ELIXIR This sfilendid medicine should be in every household. IN CASES OF On the appearance of the First Symp- toms of a Cold a good dose of the COUGHS in rry t t offn i nineteen 01(tRirgt? LS ONIC), NT BouAtofAtMwleC ELIXntyeI.R will, AND It becomes settled or merges intolnflu- BRONCHIAL enza. At the first suspicion of INFLU- RNZA take it,—as well as when the AFFECTIONS well-marked symptoms appear; also taken for the SUBSEQUENT WEAK- NESS of the LUNGS, and other direful Perseverc with this "fedi- effects of this alarming disease. tine, and you can hardly Rev. F. E. HEAT% of Derby, writes; fail to get the Cough re 'lt always puts my lungs right, and limed, and the bronchial - drove out the terrible INFLUENZA last May." symptoms to disahlear. In that very distressing disease, so For HOARSENESS it terrible, especially to the aged, is invaluable, and ASTHMA—ALSO BRONCHITIS— SPLENDID CONGREVES BALSAMIC ELIXIR has been the means of wonderful relief. See the case of LADY G. BROMLEY FOR THE VOICE (No. XIII. in Mr. Congreve's book). Also ass PREVENTATIVE OF COLD to Speakers going out in all weathers. WARM AND COMFORTING AND VERY PLEASANT taken on a small lump or two of suzar in the way of a lozenge. CONGREVF.'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR may be had of all Medicine Vendors In bottles at is. ltd., Is. M., 4s. 6d., and family bottles at lls. and 725.

I .Steam Engines, 1 Boilers, Dynamos, Saw-Benches, and Pumps. Large Stock. Writs for piotatiost, :Jaime &tails of requirements, E.B.IIIIBOLEY,t i.Queen Victoria St. ,LONDON, 8.C., r- or to Works, BOURTON, DORSET.

SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. Is lid. and 2s. 9d. per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps), are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and mau be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys ; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety. tates excess in eating or &inking. and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Met, curials, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN, BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, is. lid., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the case. SMITH'S NVALUABLE PILE POWDER, AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZIiNGES, SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors.

telloA MONTH Salary or Comm.ission. ACTIVE /On% at good remuneration, are Wanted, each locality, to introduce (locally or travelling) new dis- cdisvterritu distributed dd throughout gT, our uSthtoow C wn aarnc,lis country; tryAd.vsetrteaiscr g m Matter ment ; commission or salary Lb o per month, and eexpLosrs' up to xos. 6d. per day; money deposited with bankers when started. ' For particulars write to the World Medical Electric Company, Temple Chambers, Loudon, E.C.

FOUND DEAD. POISON FOR KILLING RATS. Thousands have been killed by using SANFORD'S POISON. Hundreds of farmers that have used it say it is the best Poison known, as they find a lot of ra ts d.ad by using it. Post Free. is. 2d., 2s. 3d. box of SANFORD & SoNs, Sandy Beds. Send stamps and try it. Sold t.y Chemists. Also, MICE POISON for dressing corn stacks, and poison for killin Moles on land.

TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS foi Females, quickly correct all irregularities, removes all obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptons, so preva- lent with the sex. Boxes Is. lid. and 2s, 9d. of all chemists, sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the msker B. T. TOWLE. Chemist. Nottingham. Beware cf Imitations.

BREAKFAST-SUPPER. EPPS'S GRATEFUL-COMFORTING. COCOA BOILING WATER OR MILK.

ONE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 i'ILLS is war ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs In either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains in the back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes 4s, 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Venders throughout the World; or sent to any address for sixty stamps bythe Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BARCLAY & SONS London, and all the Wholesale Houses.

, - • , . „: _ _ " . • ov-,' - - AMERICAN ROLL TOP DESKS. Elegant in 1) estgn, and of the most ingenious Construction. Suitable for the borne, the Library, for Banks, for Public and Private Offices. The Desk is an office in itself. All sizes in oak or walnut. The closing of the top automatically locks all the drawers. Prices, from £8 8. 0. upwards. Sole Importer THOMAS TURNER, NEWARK STRINT, LEICESTER.

ON .• .4. • • •• ......... • 41,•••••• • • • • •,, mum ~..6.1 • riff" 4.4 pt 45; ... . ; $ ligArrit" lia?°"rl ‘443. . , 4 2111 It $ •t, t 0 •.k i • i . I a WU Intiketo tiCrn, ;At ren.D4o4, :tare,l4.xcat 077,ac. • Tcrilfeadaqu- -• : ‘• i •Bilitolzrnt2b-0,/ugwriuZDegittAtt ~..- ::--',g._,-,;2 :Ccrativoto.6, ?..'...t0 i,„ kiaza . ILO. &IR-. v&Ttt 1 .I.sact J.Dge•-,AztywncißebultS. izzs, . . 4 ...7attiitcri•-•4• bout. Sl/2-.11-,SI Bole Agents 3. H. WESTON, ,OHEMIST• RUNCORN, J. STRINGFELLOW, ST. HELENS.

Those tiny CAPSULES '•• are superior to Balsam RI of Copaiba, Cubebs or S)4" 11 i4ndecitil:unrssanthcoure In sam , diseases without incon- -10 venience. 4/6 of all Cho. D• mists. Or post free. • WILCOX & Co., •739, OXFORD BT., LONDON, W 1ii..11111.111.1M11

One little bottle of Norton's Pills Is not guaranteed to cure all Ills, But one little bottle, beyond all question, Will thoroughly conquer Indigestion!

They have 100 YEAI,S' REPUTATION o: being an UNEQLTAI;LED REMEDY for INDIG.ESTION, HEAD.; A.CIIE, BILIOUSNE..;,, DEBILITY, STOMACH LIVER COMPLAINTS. A ISPLENDID TONIC) ~:. GENTLE APEP.a.:NT. ,P,.,.. 161.',..`11,, '•`.'"..'ort "u? 7/4.,...x ,pa, t ,:,,,.5.,,. pw. .. .041., ~:t.,, , >. • • rs;.. - 111111. ' • -0111.11 V 4tl. „.- ~ - it,.,:;,- A• ',.' 1,,,,,w, • .:.?fiu,i, • ----rat, •.' ii 3 ~„ ~ ~ , , s -L o•vi: ' ),:; Mi I d lr: Operation, Perfectly Safe, and Free from Injurious Drugs. In Bottles, 1.t.10 , 2.‘ kid., and lie., of all Medicine Vo.fti.v.rs. Ask for -' Norron's Canionnle Pills," and do nut N. ..,4,-,,, 1,1 to rake .. substitute. 1 Pr.-,... ei: by Noirrose.i LTD., 21 Spitta Square, London, E. IFZITS.::,nMIMMErtirgeI

-ma TRADE ONE LITTLE NORTO BOTTLE. ,

T 0 WEAK MEN suffering from the effects of Youthful errors, Early Decay, Wasting Weakness, Lost Manhood, Gravel, Pains iu the Back, Diseases, &e. We will send a Valuable Treatise (sealed), containing full particulars for home cure. Free of charge. A splendid Medical Work. should be read by every man who is nervous and debilitated, —Address Messrs. WILKINSON and CO., Medical Hall, Sheffield. listablished 1830. Advice Free. WILKINSON'S SPECIAL ELIXIE is 4s. 6d. the case. Can be obtained direct.

fc*i ~ Yis'l ,y,. ;.•; .. ;,: ,( ~, . `c• 'Affes s, ' ''' r:1.,,, ,}.l '. f, s.lt:' : ',. ~ h • ', ..1 r•• '. 1 I And to prove it I will GIVE you a bottle of my remedy for nothing, so that you may try it before payi.ig out any morey. I have made a life-long study of Fit-, Epi:epsy, Sc. Vitus Dance, &c., and when! say cure I meat' a radical cure. Don't CONTINUE TO SUFFER, but son I 3d. for carriage of testi- monials and FREE Bottle of Medicine, aad TRY IT, H. C. ROOT, 28, Endsleigh Gardens, LONDON, N.W,

....,, 0 -,:-..".,.'....'7:..."'..- •...... I • ..... , ).L4'7 -......:: - ' Yi , . .. ,• .. . , ,i , . ) ~,..f....! ..,,... ~- (110 •• i \ .. ~. Lri/ _ /i: , , - ~, . -.. —<"' ," T ...,--;------ .".• ';' tY .Z,14--f,L'.,..,,,`,,:', ;,..-.N'Ar,.;•Q :4'.;!.):,t.45,51$ ~, !I'r, ( .-:'/,- '4:1:1', / ' .'7P'-',',',f:- '11,..,•,...,--. ',';',414,6 0. y ,', , '',,.4 ' • . t is',";• 4Ni:l, :#,!.'''':',.r( ?‘ -,,‘ ,: 42'r ' ',•.' ..f. ,45::. rf li' -111‘,. .i‘*),er.r"'"A 's it ilihil . .. 4, 1 r or-7 ''', •• 3 • . -.' 11 'fl . • Ir/ Ni11.417*,: ' X'-'7'.;.4:://I,:re; ) ktVITY.ik FIFTY OOTHINR. ."ELIEVE .1\1) r" •, \ f :)\„Nd 1 f FEVIRISH HtAT. , , •• c i 11 ,i -., ,1 , , . , , ~......_ eN. r ih, ConvOvent etc ! ,t. e. Heathy st.t.4 thi • : . ~.. .z, Crs:lti.tion 40;n3 Ike .„,..-. -Fr dlaren IgeTA. . Fimi if TFrihitic ' • I cuttincif .. ,2 ...., . 1 r t;,.' surr,e>r. bi,, ~-,• t, ••-•-.11,..1.,,..r-Wrir. .4-?;, ...1. Please Dbserue the EE s, ---,•,(.; ‘ MA N ~.,,...„ •.i:., .. IN STEED b.. , •,... -.. -„,...,...v. ,c,..., - • .c--::.--------- -- ~,•':„?::;,,..,,z,,,,:,-4-,,,.. - ~,-.

• •"N3-,1 .7

DEBERTs 1 WONDERFUL CENTRE SECONDS WATCH. BEST VALUE IN THE WORLD. „_-,-- ~ c, BEATS ALL 6/11 INIIC: .. ii‘,,-) ' OTHERS ' ~ QUALITY ' AND PRICE. i• -, ." ~ ii, ii' .F/ • I' ci 'l/4.-- % \ '''., . - 111 ...•' .." , 1... , ...---.-I—s,"f- Six and Eleven for one of Ei NB iiiiT'S WATMES. chased (as drawn) or plain if preferred. resemhling Real Silver equal to 5-Guinea Watches can be had in gold plated cases ; looks exact ly as al5 Guinea Gold Watch. All are warranted timekeepers. Irvin send by registered post, safely packed, at my own risk to any address in the United Kingdom on receipt of postal order 7s. 6d., a Watch as above, plain atire resembling silver or gold (as desired). Enclose this announcement (" Examiner ") with order today. My 6d. Albert CHAIN " Woitaz " Silva,. (stamped Debert, Liverpool, on the bar) are the best in the world. Seal to match tlid. Ladies Solid Silver WATCHES from 10s. 6d., real Silver Albert Chains 3s. 6d.. real Silver Nanre Brooches, Hall marked, from 144.—P. DEBERT, Watch Manufacturer, Wholesale Jeweller and General Merchant, 10, Church-street, Liverpool. Established ovtr 10 years.

LADIES' BEST FRIEND Marriel or Single Ladies should send at once for LADY'S HANDY HAD ILLUSTRATED GUIDE, post free. I sealed, two stamps; invaluable infor matlon of never-failing remedies for all ILLUSTRATED] Irregularities and Obstructions. obsti- nate or long-standing. The only effectual G remedy that does not contain poisonous u I D E. I , or dangerous drugs; cannot hurt the 1 mcst delicate. MADAME A.E. LILLY. COLSTON STREET, BRISTOL.

ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION BOXES. In Boxes, 90., la. 4(1., and 2s. 91. each, with full directions. The ls. 1.,!d. Box cc_ 'Ain, 56 Pi'l,. --- PREPARE* ONLY BY TUE PROPRIETOR-- THOMAS BEECOM, St. lielens, Lancashire. 1 BEECHAM'S TOOTH PASTE EFFICACIOUS—ECONOMICAL- -1 CLEANSES THE TEETH—PERFUMES MUM BREATH. In Collapsible Tubes, of all Druggiste, or from the Proprietors, for is,, post-paid.

'FOR THE BLOOD IS THE MEV cLARKEs A WORLD,rFAMED. BLOOD MIXTURE! THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to light, and we can with the utmost confidence ,recommend it to our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin astd Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects sre marvellous. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheumatic Pains. for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9,1 and lls, each, of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 to amps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY. LINCOLN. Beware of Worthless Imitations.

rk\ , -. • r';3 FOR CLEAN//NESS Us ONLY A. , it 'N. -t '.ll 14;1; 7 •. e r 441 ‘ •rt. • f: ' ii,•• • vs ' .4.04 • • •' .r. rmigr..ews 70 7/IE QUEEN.

_ _ Jto ars 71 fottles ytt 2/9 y- ,v•l\lMltoi),,, L-/- •' 1 \, 7-, . t: i/ /, - • ~ - • .. ' ' • k -7axgg ot. FORFAR ATHLETIC - _ _ .f.; . , 4 • . 7,-._._-,---, -- . 4-...... sabsfattion to .... 4" --.. ~..„. u_sea. it ~,f,„,,,, 4..? iill'i i, , . .V/7747; are...--1-..-,-.- -..-- .4w..,. ........ ....------. „,.; , -- ni I re, aried 0 j j ,- - A ..0.1.1 d., . V .--,—,,N,•• • ''..-'.-i...4.--. #( _ ~/. .N.,-- 1 ELLIMAN SONS 8e UO. ;-4C%-..1;----..-- '.% d Skid, ..., t...._ V", r• . I "..- . 9—...........117'.44'4.411 / ENGLAND 1 ---ez.--,-, Arfria oe _ .

. ... .. ~,,. . „ _ SA MU .. , , . . , ..,, .:., p . --.::., ...,•.,.;:t- -., . . ~ .4 .--- ,....„,_.--„.„,",?..... . '....."1' '.-... -..-,.... r 4 r'e., • ' , , • ,:)," 6........:. . :- iji , Tett ......--__ , od logo; • Si qJJ ii . ..=llll4 - _ ali - el A ~ f ii ii !3 p . .:------'. / ~,r, /1(7,...----., .'l.-rl-"Il-rj`...,eirlll g.)., • 'l-1....-.,.:.i ~..',--K.-7--' . ..--- iii! yypti Li, „, Ann 110 i A 6. - ~., 1 ‘1 ''' • e ~, - A STARTLING PRODUCTION! An entirely new watch ; sellin i i) g , I in thousands. Compact dust-tight cases of a special metal prepared si. ', Lo , ~.' in resemblance of REAL SILVER I Looks as well as most watches ' i '., charged at £5 in retail shops. Goes to the fifth of a second. 34,f . , 1, Delivered complete, with key and full instructions, by next post, ‘.) 4 I , on receipt of 10/6. Full amount returned if dissatisfied. Send this \ - , 1 announcement, and a HANDSOME ALBERT CHAIN is included ) ••• 0 • 3 FREE. Such value defies the world ! tiigantic Success ! M. SAMUEL'S 1 RENOWNED ' ACME" WATCH. perfect and satisfactory. Highly- ) ' 1 , finished, jewelled movement, three-quarter plate. Accurately fitted ~,,„, protective diu-77e176ding cap. Strong Solid Sterling Sliver Cases (stamped), r-__ , - --N /of extra weight. Lady's richly engraved and dial elegantly tinted or plain. 1 ray -., .„,,z,____ .... ) . Forwarded free by post, registered, with key, full instructions, and five years' 01/4 ' k warranty. Worth 3 guineas. i iii I' "Pi7irinc uded. Magnificent H. 'a I, cal. 00 and SAMUEL'S Perfect! SAMUEL'SC E 5/. WA o R handsome l. WORLD-FAMED rti E Free l) 1. , Zli %,_•z§jos-• ENGLISH LEVER; JEWELLED; Chronometer Balance. Massive Solid Silver 4,4 DO -N;14,114 cases, Hsll.niarked. Crystal Glass. 1., ..‘,'''"-tiNc- '. 6 guineas. H. Samuel's Price £2 12 6. A month's free trial allowed. Full s. WARRANTED OR 5 YEARS. Worth Iv ..., k i.-____ .71. > , amount returned if dissatisfied. Largest Sale in the world. Send your name r) , l'. and address to B. Samuel to-day. and receive, free of all cost, a splendid ) ) whi ' 1 , volume, now being despatched to thousands. Opens direct communication , ) ,V4t;,i with the great centre of the World's Watch supply. UNPARALLELED .A t • I VALUE! A HANDSOME BONUS PRIZE FREE ior every purchaser. 11147) % ) ~.', £2,000 PRIZES. H. Samuels plan of presentation, described on a 4 '4l:-• separate sheet enclosed. STARTLING BARGAINS. Nearly 2,000 beautiful Illustrations. All brilliant, new, and 'perfect. Alarum Clocks mat ked in most shops 5/6 to 6/6; H. Samuel's price 2/8. Lever Timepieces usually sold in shops at 3/3; H. Samuel's price 113, Certain of H. Samuel's watches contain special patented improvements, protected by

No increase of price. Watches at 7/-; Alberts ; Brooches ; Pins 1/.; drc. Also Teapots 3,6; Cruets 2/6. Knives and Forks at Astounding Reductions. Shrewd, intelligent buyers have bought for years from H. Samuel at their own fireside, by means of H. Samuel's interesting pamphlets. H. Samuel's SPLENDID SUCCESS has caused hundreds of worthless shams to be thrust on the market. H. Samuel's Watches are always reliable I Always valuable! Always satisfactory! REFU

PURE IRISH LINENz IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/II per dozen; made special to pattern, 8/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9, 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 216 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 4id. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE IRISH L INEN LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SUMMER AND EVENING WEAR. IRISH LINEN IRISHTWEED all Pure Wool. Unsurna is sed for Strength, ngth, Durability, IRISH IRISH LINEN PATTER and Style. Please say f for Ladies or Gents Wear. NS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. G. Rl_ HUTTON & CO, LARNE, IHEL &ND we

KNQWN BY THE CURES! Sufferers from Gr ,vel. Lumbago, Piles, Pains in the Back Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaint, Diseas-ts of Kidneys Bladder Stone. Sc'atica. Rheumatism and Goot will find a positive Cure in Holroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Prices is. 11d. if all Chemists, or post free for 12 stamps, from HOLTI,YrD'S Medical Hall, Checkheaten, Yorks. Don't be put off, if you er.nnotget them write to the Proprietor and a box will b 3 sect next DOSf.

WANTED, Good GENERAL for small family, must be well recommeided. Plain cooking. Good wages to thoroughly reliable person.—Apply by letter to " The Mount." Halton, near Runcorn.

WAN TD, CA.NVASiER for Coal Orders and COLLEC- TOR. Highest class trule —Apply by letter stating experience and salary to " Canvasser " Eraminer Office, Warrington.

GENRRAL WANTBD. must he able to wash and have good references, comfortable home fo- suitable person.— Address 20, TEN ACRES LANs:, Newtol Heath, Manchester. SI74IO7ANT (General) WA.INTTED for the country, Prote3t• ant. plain cook. washing. five in familv:i.nurse ' kept. wages £l2, age not over 25.—Apply 2, PARKER-Si., Liver- pool.

VENEZUELA AND THE TRANSVAAL. The Atherican President's action is eclipsed by the Kaiser's interference, and popular feeling is rouvd. Americr Finance is seriously disturbed, and it mw do ,pod to 1/- how Germany may also be touched through the Nrtional purse, Stop sending money out of the country. Use no more German yeast to make your breld. Ask for " D.C.L " Yeadt. Absolutely pure and of Home manufacture. Sole Makers— THE DISTILLERS CO., LTD., EDINBURGH-. The Largest Distillers in the World. Note our brand, "D. C. L." and ask for it. Take No Other

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arranged. TEETH. Al! consultations free. TEETH. Each *tient infworomrr rd ebcieuf9repnd the coat for TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETFI. An M.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless Extractiono itroauss hitherto by the aid TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly. Exors. of the late J. H. PARKINSON. (DENTIST BY MUM.) MANCHESTER, 46, -MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CLIURCII-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TU ESDAYS, at Mrs. MS IWARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-sr RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-BT. NORTIIWICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEUARKET-ST.

LADIES! A WORD WITH YOU PLEASE.—DR. composed of St- and GRUNDY'S FEMALE PILLS. Pennyroyal, by a Secret Process known oaly to the Proorie- tor, have never failed in producing the desired effect, ()win to the great demand, the public are cautioned r:,...inst• some spurtous imitaCons. Thee Pills ars invaluable to all Fernal.s who may suffer from any Irregularities, Pale races. Weakness Xnernia. Loss of Appetite, Lowness of Spirits, dr.c. Price per Box, 70., Is. lid., 2s. 91. and 4s. 6d. I have ap- pointed Mr. J. 1/Vopm,. Chemist, 22, Pitt-at., Liverpool. Sole Agentfor Great Britain and the Colonies. None other genuine.

BIRTH. M —J.,nuary 3rd, at 3, Cockhe3ge-lan% Warr;u tkl?riewniEfe of James Maguire of a son. MARRIAGES MAottRE—OGnEN - December 28th, at the Parith Churn. arrington by the Rev. Canon Willis, Charles Maguire VI Ellen Ogden. RusE—DEam—January Ist, st the Parish Church, Water 1- ton, by the Rev. If. B. M. Hutt, John Ruse to Harriet Dean. ENGLPM—CARNEY—January Ist, at the Parish Church. War- rington, by the Rev. A. A. Markham, James English to. Catherine Carney. DEATHS. WELSBY—December 25th,at School Brow, Warrington,George st,Thiey Welsbv, aged 16 months. HEATH—December 26th. at Watkin-st., Warrington, Eklbert Heath, aged 12 years. DOBsON—December 28th. at Enville-st., Latchferd, James Dobson, aged 63 years. BARLEY—December 28th, at Ifowley-lane,Warringtcn,Albel,i Earley, aged 2 years. RATCLIFFF—December 29th, at Furness-st., Warrington, Elizabeth Ratcliffe, aged 7 years. JACKSON—December 31st, at Lloyd-st., Warrington,Margaret Ja2ks,n, aged 3 years. HENTlTT—Der,ember 31st, at the Union Hospital, Warrington, John Hewitt, aged 78 years.
