===== 0002601_18960912_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
OWEN W. COX, Receiver. )USE in connection with the 3roughton.

OFFICE, STREET, ‘VARHINGTON WORDS. WINDOW BILLS ,RDS, &c.

a very tempting prize, but I without GOOD HEALTH.• , speedily regain it by taking

===== 0002601_18960912_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
OLJNE

a, Biliousness, Sick Headache, Appetite, Her ousnepg, or any from an impaired direstion Y IT, you will be astonished Cleanse. the Stomach, I Tone to the System thus re - 3. occasional dose will assist all Chemists, price 219 & 4)6. 'rice 111 and 219, or from the IRUG COMPANY, Nottingham. 4,44.4114144.444.

PRIVATE

its unnecessary, but may be arranged.

coneultations free.

formed beforehand the cost for work required other fillings at moderate charges.

~ also Lady Attendants

action as hitherto by the aid f Nitrous Oxide.

Dentists of 10,G00 gallons weekly.

ARSTNSON

BY EXAM.)

! i:%,, e 1..:,

===== 0002601_18960912_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
MOSLEY-STREET

No. 1660),

CLIURCII-STREET,

EORGE-STREET,

:SDAYS, at Mrs. MVO

NESDAYS, 3, SANILEY-81

ZSDAYS, BRIDGE-ST.

ITS, is. APPLEMARKET-0"

lIAGE. 27th, at the Pars'i R. M. Hutt, Patrick Nolan. t°

THS. er's-lane, Warrington, Marti°

:ral-atreet. Warrington, Vlse

elwall-lane. Thomas Kennon.

'owys-street, Warrington, Ittin

Wakefield-street, Warrington'

utton-street,Warringt6n 1100

Whalley-street. Warringto,,

aiSheci 1,17 JOHN WALK' Cot nting Works BY re Examiner Offi;e,Victor rts !cconN; 32, George.street. ;et,EARLESTOWN.—SEPTPOn'

To LADIES. 001 ACICENZIEI FEMALE MEDICINE Positively remove the most obstinate Obstructions, 1-N,7,• 4aritles, Lc., from any cause in twelve hours. Guaran- 14ttxret //lost powerful and strongest upon earth. Failure is 4,,kfti?le. It acts like magic in the most long-standing and Z l'i.pon—'„ obstructions' Ladies will save time, trouble and • ,-;° by coming to an experienced Specalist at first. Post liT',io;t4lller cover, securely packed, with full directions and sqpi .4.,(41. 6d.) FOUR SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE, ON. WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF CURE. it of High-st.. Morley, near Leeds, writes :—" One cii faellot cured me after FOUR MONTHS' anxiety of tb44. "Ild after I had tried no less than five different so- la otereedies. My sister recommended me to you, and enthusiastic. Several ladies have told me they 414ttict"5Ys been cured by you when other firms failed." kNateik once ter 100 paged Book of Particulars and Testi- -4,41,1a: which are sworn on oath before Her Majesty's Com- k7ottolt" for oaths to be true and genuine. All open to in- -41414,.anci ELMO given to any charity if one is proved not Advice willingly free. MACKEZZIE. Trafford Mouse, 83, Dawes-road, 11677°4 I Full44m, London, S.W. nitati tig rons.—Wortkless and injurious. Please mea- l' PaPer.

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: JOHN WALKER AND CO., "EXAMINER 'OFFICE. WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
AGENTS FOR

cUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- kj DAY, and for BOSTON every THURSDAY. TNTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- TON, PHILADELPHIA, SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND, thould take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at

J TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN STREET.

Slaughter Yard, Longford, Warrington. Offers for sale a large quantity of

BLOOD AND BONE MANURE IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION. Highly recommended for Roots and Grass. Bast prices paid for Dead aud Worn-out Horses, (lows, 4. , and removed any reasonable distances. ORDERS PUNCTUALLY ATTIINDED TO

A WONDERFUL MEDICINE FOR LADIES (Married or Single

DASMAWS WORLD-FAMED SPECIFIC, _ _ _ . _ _ _ .

The only Safe and Effectual Remedy on Earth far Correct,: log all Irregularities and Removing all d bstructiene, from whatever cause arising. Before ordering elsewhere do not fail to send stamped addressed envelope for particulars. &c., and then judge for yourselves. Thousands of genuine Testi- monials have been received, proving it without a doubt to be the most astonishing medicine ever discovered, and really the " Ladies' True Friend." Beware of Copyists—many have re- cently sprung up. styling themselves "Madame So-and. So." "Retired Physicians, Specialists &c." They have no medical knowledge or experience. • A. DASSIAIL,

Box 412, Langdale House. wALTHANSTOW, LONDON. Est. 'wally half a Century.

( MORRIS'S TOLU AND HONEY

The only Cure for Colds, Coughs, Bronchitis, &c.

, FACTS MORRIS'S TIC-CURE PILLS , The only Cure for i NEURALGIA, TIC AND TOOTHACHE. 5=222

MORRIS, CHRMIST. ALEXANDRA-ROAD, MANCHESTER, and all Dealers.

DINING-ROOM FURNITURE. Lot 50. A Massive Second-hand Dining-room Suite, iu Spanish Mahogaity,covered in Morocco : cost £45, for 10gs. Lot 53. Very Ha.misorne Solid Walnut Dining-room Suite, beautifully carved in bas relief ; a very substantial couch, embroidered in rich upholstery ; two luxurious Easy Chairs, and half-dozen Standard Padded-back single Chairs, worth £5O; price 15gs. Lot O. Splendid Second-hand Dining-room Suite corn- plete, consisting of a magnificent Suite of nine pieces, with massive heavy framwork, richly and prolusively carved, upholstered in Morocco ; a grand palatial Sideboard of unique design, by Todd, together with Dining Table to seat 12 people, and the Overmantel. which matches the rest of the furniture, and is fitted with enormous bevel crystal mirrors. The who:e lot complete is well worth £l5O ; our price, 55g5..

Lot 62: A magnificent Spanish Mahogany Sideboard ; cost £6O, for £8 10s.

Lot 65. A splendid Dining-room Snite, Second-hand for £4 10s.

DRAWING-ROOM FURNITURE. In this department we have, perhaps, the finest selec- . tioo. of Furniture to be seen in any house in the country. It is very difficult to select out of the bargains on view in this room a few that will convey a fair idea of their magnificence and quantity in this short paragraph, there are such a quantity of them. We have over 200 Drawing-room Suites on show, in every variety of colour and shade of upholstery. We give one or two examples. Lot 215. 'Very exquisitely pretty and unique Chippendale Drawing-room Suite, for £l2. perha,.s the greatest marvel of any bargain which has been offered. It is quite sufficient to say that this Suite is beautifully inlaid, and covered in the finest silk tapestry. It is a second-hand suite, which has been re-covered and re-polished and entirely renovated, and is now quite equal to new. It would undoubtedly compare favourably with anything that is being offered for £3O else- where. We have the cabinet to match, at the same price. £l2. This is just as beautifully made, contains shelves for bric-a-brao, and is splendidly fitted with bevel plates. There is also an Overmantel, which matches, for 3gs ; two Occa- sional Tables at 18s each ; a Music Cabinet for £2 15s; and lady's Writing Table for £3 10s. altogether forming the pret- tiest collection of Chippendale Furniture which has ever been on show at the price.

Lot 251. We have here a very Fine Collection of Second- hand Drawing-room Suites in Walnut and Rosewood. There are suites many of which have been taken in exchange. The whole of them are in strong condition, but of the old-fashioned type. There are suites which have cost from £3O to 60 each. and we are offering them from Li to £6O, and Cabinets .and Cheffoniers, from £2 10s up to £lO, These work, would have no difficulty in finding a bargain among this lot. Lots 310 to 3.30. A fine collection of 20 Second-hand Cabinets and CheffonierF, from £2 10s. uP to £lO. These have been marked exceedingly low to clear, and are of the good old-fashioned make. Every one of these are seeond- hand. _ _

Lots 351 to 365. Fourteen wenderfully atm" oyerrnantels, second-hand. Some of these cost as ranch as £2O. We shal offer these from 30s. to £5. I.If:DROOAL FURNITURE. WOESLEYE have the Biggest Show of Bedroom Furniture of anyone in the United Kingdom. We are quite aware that most houses layclaim to having the biggest stock, but we challenge any intending purchaser to compare by inspection the enormous stock of bedroom furniture at WORSLEY'S with that of any other house in the kingdom. We have over 301 bedroom suites on show. We have just completed another contract for 300 bedroom suites for our stock, and we have in process of manufacture orders with manufacturers whioh will bring our stock to little short of LOW bedsteads. Out of this varied collection, we select a few sample bargains only. SPECIAL NOTICE.—You might here remark that it is very seldom you via t WONSLEY'S but that you can pick 13.02 a bargain that more than repays the trouble of your visit. Lot 789. A magnificant Peilord Oak Bedroom Suite, will be sold a barAain for £l2O which originally cost £560. This is the finest bedroom in Manchester.

Lot 792 A Very Handsome Bedroom Site, smaller in size, suitable for a young lady's bedroom, exquisitely pretty, of a classical design, and of the best workmanship through- out. Price 10 guineas.

We have a tremendous Stock of odd Wardrobes in all kinds of wo >de. We have wardrobes 6ft long in enamelled woods, containing numerous drawers, tray shelves, and hanging compartments. These run from £2 sip to £6 10s. We htve next a big collection of Washstands and Dressing Tables. in mahogany, walnut, oak, and enamelled woods. We can do a magnificent pair of mahogany stands for £3 10a. We have walnut stands the pair complete for £2 15s and upwards. We have stands from 12s 61. But if you want a bargain, no matter whether you wish to give £5 or £5O, you can meet with what you require at Worsley's. Lot 795. The Finest Spanish Mahogany Wardrobe in Man- chester, 7 feet long, with dome top, worth £6O. Our price £25. We invite special atteation to this article. We con- sider it one of the best items in our sale.

......... .....,. 793. The Dressing Table and Washstand to match, 5 feet, fine, handsone, massive, and richly figured in the wood. This is a very bold and a very large pair of cheval stands. Price £25. It could not,be obtained for £5O elsewhere.

IRO EDSTEAD DEPARTMENT This department at Worsley's was graphically described a few weeks ago as having the appearance of a sea of geld. dazzling to the eye. We notice that this remark called forth a lot of comment. We confidently assert that the descrip- tion was perfectly fair. Our showroom in the bedstead de- partment does present a most dazzling appearance. We have an immense stock of brass bedsteads on view, giving the showroom the appearance of a splendid mass of gold. Worsley's have 2,000 bedsteads in stock. We can only enu- orate a very few items. 1,153. A very handsome Second hand Bedstead, almost equal to new, with very massive pillars, with heavy and sub- stantial brass, for £3 108 ; cost 15 guineas. 1,154. A very fine Second-band Enamelled all Brass Bed- stead, for 45s ; cost £B.

1.157 to 1,200. 43 Persian Bedsteads, all solid brass. from £3 to £5. This is a job lot, and we are confident that you can pick up a rare bargain here. Some of them have cost £lO ,apiece.

NI R. W. M. WORSLET, THE PANTHEON, GAYTHORN, MANCHESTER. City-road cars pass Worsley's. Business hours 9to 7.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
G

EDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE

The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, ia Canister 5d., 10d., and Is. Bd. each.f Wholesale by J. GEDDES AND SON. WARRINGTON

EADE'S PILLS. EADIVS piLLs. All who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism eiould immediately EADE'S PILLS. have re3ourse to EADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADE'S pins. been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EADE'S piLLs. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the very EADE'S pILLs. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfe.ltly safe in

their action.

INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class.

GOUT " 16,Burton-crescent Dewsbury road. Leeds. 2nd. 1894. HEUMATISM "Dear Sir,—lt .s with unbounded pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had RHEUMATISM Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated persuaded anotyhe ar • me down almost to a skeleton. R UM AT IS M Tathteacnkexatncr was I ; GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented HEU MAT IS DI mywhen wbeinghlar have ;d he i,igaaint. ter since,t GOUT pain I hive taken 2 or 3 Pills and I have been all right again RHEUMATISM directly. I WOULD NOT BE WITHOUT (OUT THECA IF THEY COST ONB POUND A BOTTLE. HBu It AT/ sm You are quite at liberty to make what use you like of this, and I GOUT shall be pleased to answer any PO r sufferer who cares to write RHEUMATISM me (enclosing stamped address). Wishing you every success. Yours truly, ALBERT MOUNTAIN." RADII'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, Is. ltd. and 2s. 9.1. or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor, GEORGE BADE, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, 11.0. Ask for and be sure you obtain BADE'S GOUT AND REM MATZO PILLS. EADE'S PILLS.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
SMITH'S TASTELESS

. .

.$

===== 0002601_18960912_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

Is lid. and 26. 9d. per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps) are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety, after excess in eating or drinking, and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mer- curial's, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr.:SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Wslworth-rosd, _

London:

PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN, BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, Is. IV, per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the ass.

SMITH'S RVALUABLE PILE POWDER, AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES, SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors.

LADIES! BEST FRIEND LADIES 11JADAME DR. LILLY'S FEMALE 4s. 6d. LADIES MEDICINE Post LADIES - Free. LADIES " ORUSOSO," 48. 6d. • Post Free 4/6 LADIES RAPIDLY REMOVES 'OBSTRUC- LADIES TIONS, HOWEVER Post LADIES OBSTINATE. Free. LADIES LADIES THE ONLY POSITIVE REMEDY. 4/6" LADIES T° my sex who require a positive Post LADIES and never-failing remedy for Free. LADIES all ladies' requirements, speedily 4/6 LADIES removes all obstructions and irreg- LADIES ularities, especially in difficult and Post LADIES long-standing cases; never tails to Free. LADIES have the desired effe,t. A fewdoses A LADIES generally sufficient. No case con- `-±/ LI LADIES sidered hopeless when you have this Post LADIES remedy. Free. LADIES " ORUSOSO." LADIES Regt. Trade Mark. 4/6 LADIES " Orusoso' is pleasant to takc Post LADIES and will not injure the most deli Pree. LADIES cate. 4s. 6d. (post.) sealea. 4/6 LADIES It has proved the "Ladies' Best LADIES Friend ' in thousands of cases. LADIES Delay not, but send at once. LADIES Address in confidence. 4/6

Post Free

LADIES A. G. LILLY. 35, COLSTON- LADIES STREET, BRISTOL. Nat LADIES Illustrated Special Guide, Free 2d, Free

il, I . e,....: ..., 1 •--..l'lj!i. i

t; ~ • I : • '''f 1 '

gif

===== 0002601_18960912_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
2 M CDO U GALLS PATtIiT santAisma libtrt "9aAWFABTRY PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

WHEN it comes to choosing the least of two evils we generally choose the one we like best. WIIEN trouble begins to drive a man to drink he should act like a mule. _

THE value of a law depends upon the ability required to break it with safety. IT is "when least said soonest mended" that the conversation really is brisk. SUNDAY-SCHoOL TEACHER: "What worship re- quires human sacrifices?" Bright Scholar: •" The worship of the fair sex." _

A MAN will blame his foolishness And make a vow to end it, Until some friend refers to it, Then straightway he'll defend it.

• A MEAN STATEMENT.—She: "How do you think I will look when I am real old ? " He : "Much the same as you do now." (At first she was pleased, then she got mad, and finally she didn't exactly know how to feel about it.) "Any money in his clothes?" asked the first burglar. "Nothing but three pennies and a lot of ribbon," replied the second with disgust. " Rats ! You've got his wife's rational dress." WELL RECOMMENDED.—Tanks: "Dr. Emdee is the best man at diagnosis I ever saw." Banks: " How is he about treating a patient?" "First class; always prescribes liquor in some form." FREE FROM THAT CHARGE.—" I may open my mouth a good deal." The mermaid glanced at the reflection of herself in the mirror, which every good•looking mermaid carries. "I may open my anouth a good deal, but I never put my foot in it." A DECISIVE NEGATIVE.—He: "May I—can I--er —not interpret this as a woman's no'?" She: "Hardly! This comes directly from papa, and there's nothing womanish about him." "Is die where dey wants a boy?" "It is ; but be must be a boy who never utters an untruth and does not use slang or swear." "Well, me brudder's a deaf mute. I'll send 'im round."

THE PERONAL QUANTITY.—She "To me weddings are just as sad as funerals. Which would you rather go to ?" He (glaring at his rival) ; "It depends upon whose it is.' _ _

DoctOr : "You might try a porous plaster." Patient: "All right, doctor. What is the latest scientific discovery as to the best method of taking them off?" O'HARA : "She was a good wife to me, poor woman. Many's the word of good advice she gave me." O'Gara: " Thrue for ye, an' many's the time I've heard her advisin' ye when I lived in the house beyant, a mile up the road, Ochone !" WORTH LOOKING INTO.—" Hello I " she ejacu- lated, as she stopped short. "I must look into this." But she found nothing to excite her BUS- picion, even after a thorough and close examina- tion. If was merely Vull.length mirror. TRANSFORMATION.—Biffs : "Miss Billions, allow we to introduce Mr. Stone." Miss Billions, who is angry with Biffs, simply glares at him. Buffs "Excuse me, what are you staring at?" Miss Billions: "Sir, if you were a gentleman, you would recognise a petrifying glance." Buffs: Oh, beg pardon." And he immediately turned to Stone.

MADE HER HAPPY AGAIN—Cora: "I'll never speak to Florence again, I was sure I'd be one of her bridesmaids." Merritt: "You shouldn't feel offended about that, my dear, You know a girl never choeses a bridesmaid who is prettier than herself."

PERFECTLY NATURAL.—" Harold dear, why were you so very noisy this morning? You waked me with shouting. I don't like to be roused so. I wish to sleep until I wake naturally." " Yes ; but, mamma, isn't it natural to wake up when you hear a noise?"

IN Russm.—" This man," said the police official, "is a desperate character. He has tried to assas- sinate your Majesty twice." "He must be, indeed, a desperate character," assented the Czar. "Most of my enemies would be satisfied to assassinate me once."

WIIY ?" SHE ASKED.—Mr. Bloobumper : "My dear, you have an irritating habit of asking 'Why?' after evory statement I make. Now, won't you try to your-elf of the habit?." Mrs. Bloobumper : "Why, cr-4--tinly, my love. I'm sure I didn't know I did. I.i certainly try to break myself of the habit, as you suggest. But why?" ONE evening Tom Sheridan, sitting with his father over a bottle, was complaining of the empti- ness of his pocket. The right honourable manager 'told him jocularly to go on the highway. "I have tried that already," said he, "but without success." " Aye ! how !" replied his father. "Why," resumed he, "1 stoped a caravan full of passengers, who assured me they had not a far- thing, as they all belonged to Drury Lane Theatre, and could not get a penny of their salary."

THE CAREFUL BOER. —An amusing tale comes from Johannesburg. In a time of peace and " boom " a burgher walked into a well-known banking-house, and somewhat surprised the clerk by presenting a draft on his own account for £lo,ooo—the precise amount of his balance. After a little delay the cash was paid to him over the counter. He counted the coins very carefully, and then pushed them back towards the clerk, observing—" I don't want them. I only wished to make sure they were there."

ON one occasion Sir Henry Irving, entering a a train at King's Cross, London, found that four passengers already occupied the corners of the carriage, and linfl appropriated the rest of the seats for their portmanteaus. As no one moved Sir Henry continued to stand, holding on to the hat. rail. After a while, one of the passengers sulkily began to move his luggage from the seat, seeing which Sir Henry remarked in his blandest tone, "Oh, please don't 13t me disturb you. I'm get- -ting out at Scotland." CAUSE FOR DISSATISFACTION.—UncIe Gilchrist: "I am tired and sick of these encycloptedias—tired and sick of 'em. I'll send 'em back to the pub- lishers to-morrow." Niece: "Way, uncle, what is the matter with the encyclopwdias ?" Uncle Gilchrist: " Matter ? Why, I want to know something about the aesars, and I can't find a word on the subject. The encyclopo3dia ignores the 'whole kit of 'em." Niece: Have you looked, uncle ?" Uncle Gilchrist: " Looked ? Of course I have looked. I've been through every page of the S's." _ _

AN OUTRAGE.—" I wants to get a white man arrested for incendiary trespass or somfin," said the perturbed coloured gentleman. " What's up?" asked the policeman. "Man hired me to rake leaves out his yard, an' when I was most froo be say, 3.Jose, -dab, wouldn't be no hard wuk .at Q.! ef you was doin' it jes' fer fun, would it?' an I say, Dat's so; wuk fer fun ain't nebber so tirnin' as wuk fer pay." Den he say, I des not pay you an' dat will rock it easier fer you. Always like to help pore.. labrirf men along.' Now wouldn't dat

j , - - jar you . To;..ics OF THE SMICIRBS. —" Wh,, says a man living in the suburbs can't keep up with the news?" Said the suburoanite. " Why, there isn't anything but liew's out ttl.:izzardville, and I know it all! " The 2.10 t,i-ain running on a new schedule, "he IL!v've painting the ferry boats; a frtsh bms. . rakean'been hired for th 6 8.5; season gtkets will b.! blue next month instead of red ; and the station agent's wife has- gone to the seaside. "You sec," he added, with some importance, "a Aide out of town and still keep posted on opicH of the day."

l i;ff

man can re tisP,

CO,:n t htl

wrath and tears Edith Flow- .. ;pee to bed. She had been tucked in onc•-., given a driok twice, kissed good night three tinieA, and the lamp had been extinguished, but the spark of rebellion still burned in -her childish seul. "Mamma," she cried: "Go to sleep, Edith," her 'no her said, sternly ; "I shall not come in here again !" "I want a drink, mamma," Edith pleaded. "You've had two drinks already. Now go to sleep." There was a brief silence, and then Edith twie.l again. "Mamma, come and kiss me good night." "You've been kissed good night, dear, and I shall not come in again, so go to sleep at once like a good girl." There was another pause, while the 'lonely child cudgelled her little biain for a new expedient. " Mamma !" she cried ats last, "please come in, I'm so hungry." "You cannot have anything to eat to-night, and if in here again," the mother said, with rising "it will be to give you a good spanking!" There was a longer pause, arid just as it began to look as if the evening's battle were over the child's voice was heard again. "Mamma," she pleaded, " Prri.so lonely in here. Please come in and spank me l"

t OWLANDS' I fll it!e preserver r,nd bcaiitifit,r off or turning grry, ft nil er is also scid in a tioki.n elniciren: Bottles, 38. mm 4.11. .

veliab!e. and

prevente

'or lir tAhect ladies llr

6d. tx,

'!“-.)4r ANUS' ODONTO it the i w. be USIO, ft, it ek,rt,-11:e

(I‘..litlffelc

gril.ty I

.titf:itts :it Nvititc

tiv.ll arre,.tE dex4lV

31 ri Sii.ertrt rtunlers ;

an tw s,

- - th,rt3. 20, Hatton Gsrdrn, Londim' iv postal order.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
" CAPITAL " ORA T.

Next session is likely to see an end to an experi- ment which lent a certain interest to the slack time in tbe past session. It is whispered that the wait- resses who adorned the Terrace are no longer to be allowed in that august spot. The reasons which are adduced are manifold, but there can be little doubt that the real reason is that the experiment led to an intolerable amount of small scandal, especially eut- side Parliament. If the waitresses are excluded, it will be a serious loss to the young bloods of the Tory party, whose periodical games of football on the Terrace were played in the presence of - these fair spectators. I have never seen such an influx of the fairer sex into the lobbies of the two Houses as that which last session witnessed. Some of the more serious members were actually so ungallant as to complain.

There is something mysterious about the tremen- dous activity with which money is just now being shovelled, if one may say so, into public-house property in London. Vast sums have been and are being spent on purchasing and rebuilding—how much exactly it is difficult to say, but the lease and rebuilding of a fully licensed but very small house in the South of London have just cost .230,000. Have the publicans a hint of some such boon from the presant Government as Mr. Goschen tried to grant them during the last Tory reign?

From certain remarks made by Viscount Peel prior to his departure for Geneva there need be no apprehension that the appointment of the Licensing Commission will furnish an excuse for indefinitely postponing legislation relating to the drink traffic. The view taken by the ex-Speaker and shared by some of the most influential of his fellow-Commis- sioners is that, whatever conclusions may be arrived at as the result of the inquiry, they should be stated in plain, unequivocal language, and that if the weight of evidence is against continuing the present system the Commissioners should formulate an alternative scheme. It may be taken for granted therefore, that when the time comes for preparing his draft report Lord Peel will spare no labour in analysing the eviuence and working out the logical deductions, and in any event his impartiality may be taken for granted.

. Lord Londonderry has given voice to the dissatis- faction that has been smouldering among the rank and file of the Tories since the Home Secretary opened the prison doors to several of the Irish pri- soners. Having already tasted the sweets of re- bellion, and gained some notoriety thereby,his lord- ship speaks aloud what is only muttered or spoken in undertones in the Tory clubs, it is to be pre- sumed that Lord Londonderry has read the accounts of the condition of the men who have been set at liberty, and yet, notwithstanding this, he calls aloud Lr the full pound of flesh. Events have so far vindicated the Home Secretary's action, and borne out the medical report of the mental collapse of the prisoners. Die most bigoted of mortals, it might have been thought, would not desire to vin- dictively insist on the full measure of a sentence after the men who were undergoing it had become it for nothing but a lunatic asylum. What requires t-zplanation is not why the Home Secretary released them, but why the medical officers allowed them so hopelessly to break down without reporting their condition. The lurid light which their case throws , upon our prison administration will strengthen the I arguments of those who have long demanded its I reform.

The War Office has been questioned as to the statement made this week that Dr. Jameson's brother officers are not, after all, to lose their corn - missions. Short of actually confirming this state- ment, it may be doubted whether the War Office coqld say more than it does. The announcement is described as non-official and premature. But what of that if the War Office refuses to stigmatise it as incorrect? The fact is, of course, that after the commutations of the sentences upon Doctor Jameson and his fellow-prisoners, the decision in the case'of the officers concerned was never really in doubt. The authorities had evidently made up their minds to let the offenders down as gently as possible. Their policy may or may not be in accord- ance with the general drift of public opinion, but many shrewd observers are disposed to doubt the prudence of it. The gist of the matter is that the War Office, being in a position to inflict punish - meat, has declined to do so. What sort of an im- pression is this decision likely to create, and what sort of an impression ought it to create?

Prince Ranjitsinbji's complimentary dinner is going to be a big affair. Among those who have now signified their intention of doing honour to the head of the batting averages are Professor Jebb end Lord Flarris. All the leading counties are re- presented on the dinner Committee,and the leading Cambridge cricketers are taking an active part in the preparations for what promises to be a highly interesting function. Thiecordiality is the more to be appreciated because in certain quarters, especi- ally in London, Raujitsinhji's success was not very enthusiastically received for some time. Be has forced his way to the front by sheer skill in the teeth of a good deal of rather discreditable pre- judice. Outside London, as so often happens, a more generous spirit was displayed from the firet.

London is fairly stirred by the condition of Con. stantinople, and a huge protest meeting would enable it to speak with effect, if any meetings can reflect with efficiency the condemnation the world feels. Several preparatory steps have been taken. The Duke of Argyll was invited to take part in the demonstration, but though he has written to show his syrapathy,he suggests that the chairman should be a non-political person. This has brought about an invitation to the Bishop of Rochester,which has gone to him at Hawarden. There is the fainte.t hope that Mr. Gladstone may send a message or letter to the meeting. Very little is needed to light a mighty flame of protest, spreading like Wildfire through the land. The new movement of depor- tation is hardly le.s cruel than downright massacre, for it means death by starvation to many families leaving Constantinople.

The Zanzibar slavery question seems not unlikely to be pressed upon us from an unpected quarter. The Germans in East Africa are doing their best to gradually extinguish slavery. A report to Berlin on the, subject sets forth that the stopping of tbe trade in slaves from German East Africa will only be pos- sible when the protecting Power in Zanzibar—that is, England—determines to proceed enerczeticallY against the importation of slaves into Zanzibar and Pemha. The slave mirket will thus be closed, and slave raiding will of itself come !o an end. Major Von Wiest:flan, the German governor, reports that, slaves are attached as porters and wives of porters to caravans coastward bound, and are so described in ti!e permits issued to the caravan leaders by the superintendents of interior stations. More atten- tion is to he given to these permits. A jog from Germany on the slave question would be very ugly just now.

A surprise is being prepared for the Shrewsbury Church Congress. A hand of young men will go down, hold on air meetings, and exhibit. certain instruments of torture now used by advanced illergymen of the Church of England for personal discipline in the fcirm of the " ,tu-red knout?' the "br;tplate," the "steel discipline," and the "horse- hair belt." These articles are now to be seen in a booksellers shop in Paternoster-row, and have been inspected by scoffing and cynical crowds. It is Aeriously stated that such things are in actual use, but are rarely seen by the public because they are regarded a:-± sacred..

The managers of the Primrose I.r?ngue have re- solved upon at once strerting a campaign upon the education question,and they have already given us an indication'of the nature of the weapons they in- tend to use A serie4 of instructions to the local officialsbegins with the declaration that. 'the Radi- cal party i 3 now pledged to B:•!CUlari.4fTl in educa- tion.' Thim is prefatory to an explanation of what secularism means, The United :.Itittes is held up as 91 awful example of " the corrl!ption of the leuis. ktire bodies" (I am quoting )it,rBqy). and " the notable decline in the character of the hench, dis- honesty in business, the raultiplievion of divorce Arid crime, and vice increasing step by stsp "are all taped to what is described ,as_" Ihe dl.velopment

or Oa secular sr4f.em."• AuF.tralia " tolls the same tole." it i 8 further asserted that in France." seen- arm has Feriously interfered wt :1 tho commer- cial and financial prosperity of )e (1..-ulntry, and is ,I4Jeriy .demoralising the youth. I,)th ninle _ and fonale "

Undpr thee. circurrwkire" )reneh of the.Leaatu-s is ea;led upon t. de,,cribed.:LA " the Radical purpr,,:,'

oc.ry loeql -o.),se what

Li ..• - Ipir ;ox, S‘.l:t hy C MletS, 1.1-17OrRY'S COCOA. IS both a stirii, eine. and •efresh ' t)s- A. nowt.A.Yri ;ay drink. and nutritious food, prolp.bl; nourishing any ,fter tweer.ige. It 13 1711561114,1' ...1 00,1t.i.rting I ' • r tnreign

===== 0002601_18960912_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY 5.,71.17/413ER 12. 1896

_ _ bing. rfut I wanted to belong to you, as I sup- posed I did. And I have no claim on you at all. I belong to that hateful creature at the inn." "No, you don't," replied the squire folding her closer. "You belong to me, and I shall never let you go from me except to brighten some good man's home. A few pounds will buy the silence and the absence of Mrs. Narr."

_ "But it won't buy back my lost happiness I" cried Dora. "I could have smiled at poverty—l could have borne griefs and misfortunes—but this!" "Did you comply with her demands, Dora? Did you go to the inn?' "Yes, papa, I went there, and I saw Mrs. Narr. She told me a long story—how you and mamma saw me by the road-side, and how you took a fancy to me and how you bought me of her. I tried to disbelieve it, and all the while my fears told me that she spoke the truth I can't believe that lam her daughter, papa. If there is anything in instinct I -ought to have felt kindly toward her. But I didn't. She seemed a decent woman enough, but she and I are no more alike than day and night." "That is what my wife said," said the squire, still in his husky voice. "She could not believe that you were the woman's child, and held to it that you were of another breed entirely !" "But if I were, that would bring me no nearer to you, papa," said Dora, wistfully. "Mrs. Narr told me that she had the child of a noble family to nurse while I was an infant, and that the child died just before her flight--" " It's just as likely her own died, and that she kept the nurse-child, for some reason or other of her own!" cried the squire, vehemently. "I would believe anything, rather than believe you to 'be her daughter. It is quite possible—" "But not very probable!" interposed Dora. "Why should a fleeing couple embarrass them- selves with a child not their own? If they had lost their own little one, they would have left the nurse-child behind to be restored to its parents. Papa," she added, abruptly, "has this woman any legal claim upon me? Can she compel me to go away with her ? " "All she wants is money," replied the squire, evasively. "I shall buy her off to-morrow, and send her away, so that you will not see her again." Dora pressed his hand gratefully. She had been stunned by the terrible discovery that she was not the squire's daughter, but already her buoyant nature was rising from its first im- pression, and she was beginning to look the fact full in the face and to make the best of it.

As may therefore be guessed, Dora was not one to give way to sentimental repining. She had a brave and resolute soul, and all its forces la ere aroused to meet this heavy trial upon her. If she was not the squire's daughter by right of birth, she was by the diviner law of love and adop- tion. He would not let her be taken from him, and he shared equally in the anguish her discovery had coat her. She had lapsed into a thoughtful mood, when the squire asked: "Is Mrs. Narr over at the Hare and Hounds now?"

Dora answered in the affirmative. "I'll step over and see her in the morning," declared the squire. "The secret must be a secret still. My poor wife adopted a good many precau- tions—such as a long stay abroad and in the North of England—in order that no one might suspect you were not our own child. Edmund anew the truth, of course, and one or two others—among them the young squire whom I told in a confiden- tial mood at a time when I wished to test his love for you. "Then he knew the truth to-day when he asked me to marry him. The squire assented. Dora's cheeks flushed scarlet. "And he was willing to marry a nameless girl ?" she murmured. "He did not let me suspect that he ever guessed at the truth. I don't think I ever did full justice to Noel, papa. He has more chivalry than I imagined. To marry a nameless girl, with he knew not how many horrible relations some- where in the background, who would live upon him and disgrace him I I almost wish I had known it." "Would the knowledge have changed your decision, Dora ?" "N-no, papa—no !" "Did Warner offer himself to you to-day, dear ?" "Yes, father," was the whispered response. "And you told him—" "To speak to you, sir.", "Do you think he will stand the same test that Noel did ?" asked the squire, gently, letting his large brown hand flutter softly over the girl's short hair. "Will he be as willing to marry Squire Chessom's adopted daughter as Squire Chessom's own child? I spoke to you of the wide disparity of rank between Felix Warner, cousin and heir of Lord Champney, and Dora Chessom ? The dispar- ity is wider than you thought—" "Yes, papa," said the girl, bravely, "the dis. parity is great, but I will never marry any man who does not know the whole truth, and who does not think that Dora Chessom herself is worth more to him than another woman with rank, title, and boundless wealth. I will never allow any one to marry me with a feeling of pity either, or of superiority," she added, proudly. "I am as good now as I was yesterday—as good as if I were a princess! You understand me papa? I am not ashamed of my relationship to that poor woman at the inn, if she is honest and virtuous. I am ashamed of my relationship to her dead husband, for he was a drunkard, a forger, and a fugitive from justice. One need never blush for parents, however poor, if only they are worthy of respect." "I do not understand you, Dora 1" "I thought, perhaps, you would think me proud because I shrank from Mrs. Narr—because I can never think of her as my mother," said Dora, look- ing up into the squire's pale, worn face with an impassioned look. "It was not pride that held me back from her. We are different. Like oil and water we can never assimilate. But to speak again of Felix, papa," and Dora's voice grew lower. "I think he will stand the test. If he does not, I shall be glad to find him out in time."

"You will not be a dowerless bride, Dora," said Squire Chessom, tenderly. "All that I can settle upon you, I shall. I have not been well, lately, and knowing that I must leave nothing to chance in a case like this, I went over to see my lawyer to-day about making my will."

"Oh, father !" "As if I should die any sooner for having all anxieties off my mind, Fire-Fly !" said the squire, with an attempt at playfulness. " The fact is, I have been too dilatory about this matter. I ought to have provided for you years ago, knowing that Edmund is not of a generous--scarcely of a just— turn. My son likes money better than ever I did ;" and he sighed, as if the fact pained him. "But tbe lawyer, as I said, was not at home. I shall see him .to-morrow and draw up a will, leav- ing you co-heir with Edmund and quite an heiress in your ()wit right, I shall leave you eight thousand pounds—the same as if you were the child of my blood. I shall tell all this to Mr. Warner, since you wish him to know the truth. I want to see you married before I die, Dora. My little heiress would be a prize to Mrs. Narr, if there were no one to keep that woman at bay." "Does the doctor think you ill, papa ?" The squire hesitated. A look into the girl's pale, brave countenance seemed to settle any doubts he' might have entertained on the propriety of speaking freely to her.

" You have had a great deal to bear to-day, Dora," he said. 'Can you bear another shock ?"

_ Th,o girl gasped for breath. "It is not—not the hereditary heart disease ?" she stammered. • "I thought I was threatened with apoplexy," returned the squire. "This dizziness looked like it. But our old family doctor says—be brave, Dora—that I am not likely to die of apo- plexy, but that. I shall in all probability go, as my father and grandfather went, of heart disease. There, there, D ira I Hush, darling 1 I may live a score of years yet. I shall no doubt live. to see your children. Only the doctor warned me to beware of excitement, and to guard against it carefully, or he would not answer for the consequences." "Von have been cruelly excited to-night. You are excited now, papa." The squire smiled faintly. " A night's test will set me up again," he said. "Lean your head against me—so, darling. I want to think a little."

Dora lik.pt silence. The sunset glow faded from the wefltern sky, and the soft shadows of the long twilight fell over the scene. The hawthorn breaths, thc scent of ro9es, the spicy odours of the flower- garden e,ane in at Vic opeu window. They could heir the i.;,:ot!e lowing, of the kine as they were brouglit trout the p4stures to the large stabie-yard to be milked, and with the sound mingled the murmur ti voices and the barking of the stable dogs.

But graouy the sounds died out. The twilight deepened ieto night, and the room was full of shadows. Dion Dora, who began to fool her posi- tion erampl, gently extricated her:ielf from the

===== 0002601_18960912_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
1 THE SUNDERED HEARTS. OR, A WAR OF THE HOUSEHOLD.

r, the Author of "The Double Life," "The Bailiff's Scheme," &c., &a.

CHAPTER VII. LIKE A THIE7 IN THE NIGHT.

The sun was near its setting when Squire Ches. som rode within the open gates of the Grange, and halted at the porch, singing out lustily, as was his wont, for one of the stable-boys to come for his horse. The boy hurrying out, the squire slowly alighted upon the porch, and as slowly moved toward the open hall-door. He looked tired and jaded, his bluff and kindly face wore a deeper flush than ordinarily, and his motion, deliberate as it was, seemed to fatigue him. As he gained the threshold, Dora, radiant in a cool white dress, with a floating sash of crimson, came dancing down the broad stairs, as bright of face as if she had not been all day struggling with many and bitter anxieties, and as if at this very moment her heart were not aching with a dull pain. With the quick eyes of love, she detected the squire's jaded and troubled condition, and she hurried to him, taking his hat, and welcoming him after a blithe and sunny fashion peculiar to herself. "Now, papa," she said, in the soft, cooing way that the squire loved, and likened to the murmur of birds in spring, "you've been riding in the hot sun again, and are tired out. You ought to take me-along to take care of you—men are such thought- less creatures! No doubt you are hungry enough. Supper is all ready, or will be by the time you are dressed !"

The squire fancied that there was a deeper ten- derness than usual underlying Dora's gaiety, ...<1 that her eyes were even more loving than usual in their expression. " Ah, you've missed me to-day, you midget !" he cried, delightedly, kissing her. "And that Warner has been here too ! There's no one can quite fill the old father's place yet, eh, Dora ?" "Oh, no, no, indeed !" cried Dora, impetuously. "No one can ever fill your place to me, papa !" Her sunny face clouded over, and she broke from his grasp, running out upon the porch. "Bless her 1" murmured the squire, half inclined to pursue her. "The little witch was in a strange mood just then. Perhaps she refused Warner to- day 1 She'll tell me after supper. She has no secrets from me !"

He paused a moment, and then, as Dora did not return, he went up to his room. It was cool and shaded. His garments lay out upon the bed, ready for .use. Dora had placed everything to his hand; she was fond of looking after him, and waiting on him in a pretty, motherly fashion; and his bath was soon taken, and his toilet made. _ _

Then he descended in search of Dora. She was not on the porch—not in the drawing. room. After a little search he found her in the supper-room, a cool room with open windows, into which the hawthorn-scented air blew softly. . _

- The table was spread with a tempting repast of cold fowl, ripe strawberries, a pine-apple, a glass jug of yellow cream' a pot of fragrant tea, and delicious home-made bread. Dora took her seat behind the teapot, and proceeded to do the honours of the meal. _ _ _ _

"Did you get your expected letter from Edmund, papa ? " she asked, as the squire sat down heavily opposite her. "No, Dora. He must be very busy, or out of town temporarily. But I shall surely hear to-mor- row." . ..

_ "You got your pay for the sheep, papa ?" "Yes, Dora, and lodged it in the bank, all but an odd fifty pounds' which I reserved for s gift to a young lady friend of mine," said the squire, smil- ing. "There it is, Dora. You can buy yourself some finery with it. I believe that is what young ladies consider money made for—to buy fineries !" As he spoke he handed her over the table a little packet of ten crisp new Bank of England notes, the whole comprising the sum he had mentioned. "I don't need any money, papa," returned Dora. "I have plenty—" "Take it," interrupted the squire, with good- natured peremptoriness. "As it one could have too much money. You are not obliged to spend it, Dora, if you don't want it. Money don't spoil by keeping." Thus adjured, Dora took the money and crowded it into her little silver portemonnaie already of plethoric dimensions. " I shall have to go to Horsham again to- morrow," said the squire, after a little silence. "My lawyer was out of town to-day, but is expected home to-night. The doctor—" He paused abruptly, with a startled look at Dora. She caught his glance, and a sudden sense of alarm crept over her. "The doctor I" she repeated. "What of him, papa?" " Oh, nothing, nothing," returned the squire, with unnecessary haste, looking down at his plate. "I just called into the doctor's office for a tonic, or something of the sort. My dizziness, you know, Dora. I don't know how I came to mention the doctor's name. I must be growing stupid. Mr. Warner called, I suppose, this morning ?" Dora answered in the affirmative, blushing. "And the young squire—was he here ?" "He did not come in," said the girl, in a low voice. "We visited on the road, as he over- took me when I was coming home from a walk." "Did—did he say anything ?" asked the squire, eagerly. "Noel is a great favourite of mine, you know, Dora. Did he want to rob me of you 2"

"Yes, papa; but I told him it could not be. I love Noel as a brother, and in no other way." The squire sighed, and then, the meal being con- cluded, arose from the table, holding out his band to the girl. Dora sprang up and took it, and they passed into the sitting-room together. This was the family room, where the squire lounged through the heat of the day, while Dora sat by the great west windows, busy with her needle or crotchet-hook.

The room was high and square, furnished for summer use, with a delicately tinted paper on the walls, a few good paintings and proof engravings well hung, a yellow India matting on the floor, ad graceful bamboo furniture, light, yet strong. "Sit down here, papa," said Dora, leading him to a high-backed bamboo chair by the window. "I will sit here at your feet. I have something to tell you.,,

- She sat down on a hassock in the position she had indicated.

Something in her tone aroused the squire's curiosity. He looked narrowly into her upturned face, and for the first time since his return noticed that she was pale, and that under all her bright- ness and gaiety she had a weary and sorrowful look. _ _ _

"What is it, Dora?" he asked, with fatherly tenderness. "What troubles you, darling? Is it these lovers of your.!?"

"Oh, no, papa, Dora murmured. "I only wish I might have no greater trouble than that of choosing between two suitors. Read that, father." She drew from her pocket the note she had received that morning from Mrs. Narr. It was crumpled now, but Dora •straightened it over her knees, pressing out the wrinkles, and then silently gave it into the hands of the squire. After a moment's search for his speCtacles, the squire commenced reading the letter, a dazed and bewildered expression on his face gradually deepening into a look of horror and consternation. He read it through and again, as Dora had done. Then also, as Dora had done, he crumpled the letter fiercely in his hand, but he did not look at her.

Instead, a fierce ejaculation, that came strangely from the lips of the kindly squire, broke from him, and he averted his face, looking out of the window. A moment they sat thus, the beams of the sunset stealing in upon them and touching the girl's jetty hair with a golden gleam. Then Dora's hand stole back again into the trembling hand of the good squire. " Papa," she whispered, her soul in her face, g, papa, is it true V There was a moment of keen suspense—a moment of bitterest, sharpest agony—of breathless waiting —and then the squire answered, huskily: "Yes, Dora; the letter is true." A quick, sharp cry broke from the girl's lips. All day she had struggled against her convictions of Mrs. Narr's veracity ; but now every vestige of hope was destroyed. "Oh, papa !" she cried, with a burst of uncon- trollable sobs. "Oh, father !" The squire put out his shaking arm and drew her to his brest. "It is true, Dora," he repeated, "but I never meant you to kndw it. I thought I could keep it from you always. You are as dear to me as if you were of my own blood ; dearer even than my son. My wife loved you with a mether'f, luve. Yn huve been the light of cm; tho se cotet drop in the cup of my e:Ni,t,l•t!". Is it needful that I should tell you this, dam ii?" " I neva doubted your hive, sob.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
"Don't light up, Dora," he said, w:th a strange and new gentleness; "but play me someing. Sing one of the songs I love best." Dora went to the phutn and played and sa.ng a tender old ballad that had been in vogue when t squire was young. She followed it by another and another, and an hour slippod away. She then closed the instrument and went to the squire, with a vague fear tugging at her heart- strings. " Do you feel quite well, papa ? " she asked. "Quite well, darling. You had better go to bed now. It must be after ten. You have been a bless- ing to me, my daughter. You have been the sun- shine of my life. Heaven bless you now and always as I do. Now, good-night, Dora." rim spoke softly, and -kissed her with a strange solemnly. "I'll make your portion all right to-morrow," he

whispered. - "Are you going to bed now, papa?" "Pretty soon. I want to enjoy the quiet peace and pleasantness of this hour. Go, Dora." He put her gently from him. The girl went out from his presence with a weight at her heart greater even than it had been on his return. She went up to her room, but not to bed. There was something unquieting in the very air. She wrote in her journal, balanced her housekeeping accounts, and then sat down by her window, listening for his step on the stairs. An hour passed, and he did not come. Another hour, and the clock in the stable-yard rang out the hour of twelve.

Frightened, Dora stole out into the hall and listened.

"He must have fallen asleep down there!" she said. "The night air will hurt him!" She listened yet more intently, and still heard no sound. Then she glided down the stairs like a spirit, and entered the sitting-room. The squire still sat in the high-backed chair by the window, with the soft night air blowing in upon him. Papa !" cried Dora, softly. He did not answer. For the first time in the girl's life that kindly voice did not reply to her call.

A vague terror convulsed Dora's heart. " Papa ! " she cried, her voice ringing sharply through the room like a bugle call.

Ana ntiii he did not answer.

Dora flew to him, but the form she clasped was cold and rigid. There was a smile on the still face —a smile frozen there. The lifeless, pulseless hands lay on his knees like hands of wax. The generous heart had ceased its pulsations. The tate of the Chessoms had stolen upon the noble old squire in a delicious peace and stillness; and Dora's best friend, her shield against soirow, her bulwark against trouble, was dead !

CHAPTER VIII. THE COUSINS.

On the return of Felix Warner to Horsham' after his visit to Chessom Grange' as described, he found awaiting him the message from Lord Champney, sent to him at his chambers in London, and forwarded to him by his valet. To describe the emotions with which he read the telegram would be a difficult task. Rage and fear predominated. He has gone to Saltair—the love-sick fool !" he muttered, hoarsely. "Was it for this I have kept by his side all these years, making myself his drudge and secretary? Was it for this I have toiled and planned? Why, at any time since he left her, Champney, proud as he was and is, would have come back and humbled himself to his wife, but that I artfully turned his relenting thoughts each time into sentiments of pride and anger, and made him ashamed of his weakness. Gone to Saltair ! I wonder if his proud wife took him back. I wonder if she has overlooked the past, and they are lovers again. Oh, I could kill them both—the fools

He paced his inn chamber with furious steps. His soul was black with passion. "I can never bear it he said to himself. "He calls me to coma to him, and I will go! If they have made up," and he smiled darkly, "they can quarrel again. Both proud, both passionate—one cold as an iceberg, the other jealous as Othello—it will be easy to effect their separation again. A man couldn't ask better materials than I shall have to work upon. I must be on hand at once, as wise and vigilant as a serpent !" He hastened to pack his valise, and to prepare for departure. "I'll write a note to Dora' telling her that my cousin has summoned me," he thought. "The little girl likes me as well as I like her, and I am am sure of her whenever I choose to come back after her. Not a bad speculation to secure the little heiress who has as good blood as any in the country, if the squire isn't noble! attend to business first, then lovely Dora and pleasure !"

He sat down at his table and wrote a note to Dora, giving her his address at Norfolk, and asking her to write to him.

Then, taking the letter and his valise, he hurried down stairs to the tap-room. As he knew a train was nearly due for London, he hurriedly settled his bill, ordered his letter to be posted, and hastened to the station. He was just in time for the up-express, booked himself for a seat in a first-class compartment, and was soon whirling over the rails on his journey. It was early afternoon when he reached London. Ascertaining that there was a connection by the Eastern Counties Railway, he took a cab and pro- ceeded to the station, instead of going to his chambers.

- He was fortunate in making the connection, and was soon again proceeding swiftly on his way. It was late when he arrived at Norwich, and he drove to a hotel, where he quartered himself for the night. It may be imagined that he slept little, and that his thoughts, while awake, were not pleasant. They roved from Dora whom he loved to the Lady Barbara where he hated, not because she had wronged him, but because, as he expressed it, she stood in his way. He heaped imprecations upon the head of Lord Champney, cursed his own folly in having left his lordship to himself so much of late, and murmured: set matters straight directly, or go to an asylum for imbeciles. To undo the mischief Champ- ney has wrought in coming here, shall be my first work. Then m ry my little Dora, and go into society. Won't the little wild-rose create a sensa- tion ?" He dwelt fondly upon the remembrance of Dora's beauty and goodness. If there was a pure spot in his foul heart, Dora had taken possession of it. He loved to think of her stainless purity and guile- less innocence. No haughty beauty or belle could ever have won his heart. Bad as he was in soul, he had always cherished an ideal which he had never found realised until he met Dara. He fell asleep at last, thinking of her, who at that moment was standing beside the dead squire. He wakened early, descended to his breakfast, and then ordered a carriage to convey him the re- mainder of his journey. In a litrle while thereafter he was on his way to the Saltair Manor. It was about noon when the vehicle paused before the great brazen gates of the Manor, and a boy ran out of the lodge swinging the key in his hand. Ihe gates were unlocked and thrown open, and the carriage rolled through, going slowly up the avenue. - _

As on the previous day, at the hour of Lord Champney's arrival, there were groups of people leaning against the balustrade on the cliff, over looking the sea, and other groups clustered under the trees.

"Got company, eh ?" muttered Warner, sav- agely, under his breath. " Invited guests to wit- ness their reconciliation, perhaps. No doubt I shall find my interesting couple in a state of blissful folly !" •

There was no trace of bitterness in his counte- nance, however, as he alighted at the porch and disin,ssed his carriage. To the contrary, ho was as bland and smiling as if the occasion were the happiest in his life. A servant met him at the door and ushered him up to his room at once. A few minutes later he was joined there by Lord Champney. His lordship was not the picture of a happy lover, or a reconciled husband. His face was gloomy, his manner moody and restrained. Warner's heart grew lighter at s4,ht of him, reading in his appearance an augury favourable to himself.

The false friend rushed forward, greeting the baron ‘vith effusion.

"I was never so amazed in my life, Champney," he exclaimed, wringing his lordship's hand, "as when I received your telegram, which came to me this morning. I was down in Sussex, but made all haste to come and Congratulate you on your restored happiness. You at Saltair ! You happy at last in the possession of domestic bliss ! With my heart, I congratulate you." Warner's acting was perfect. Lord Champney was touched by it. "This is the man Willard Ames would have mo believe as false and designing 1" he thought "Ha Little.Qmnrchenaed

===== 0002601_18960912_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
ifM-heart warmed to his cousin, and he returned his grasp warmly. "And you have discovered what I have told you all along," said Warner—" that the Lady Barbara was never aotually false to you? X would have staked my life on her purity, sal have said a thou- mad times."

4,` I know you have," responded his lordship, seat.l.4 himself. " I have never ed my wi/0 to be 'Actually false' to me • buitinnhalve believed that site repented her marriage and preferred another tefipie. And such a state of affairs I could never brooliV "But you fiave found out your mistake now, I hope r asked Warner, pacing up and down the luxurious dhamWv.

The baron looked gloomily at hi cousin, but did not reply. Warner began to see how the land lay. "Are you not reconciled to the Lady: Bar. barn?' he demanded, yet in a tone of friendly sympathy. "No, Felix, lam here on sufferance. She had a house full of guests, and dares not turn me out, lest scandal should ensue. We are polite to each other—oh, fearfully polite—but we see each other only in company. Her rooms are off anoth hall, er and overlook the sea. My room opens off this corridor, and is opposite yours. In short, Felix, we are as far apart as we have been at any time during these years. She is cold and unforgiving, and I begin to fear that my errand here will be, fruitless, and that the breach between us will never be healed."

"Oh, terrible! terrible !" sighed Warner, in deepest apparent sympathy. "Let me appeal to her, Champney. Let me arouse her old love for you. Surely that love must exist still, no matter how small the flame. Let me—" "No, no. I want no one to interfere between us,' declared Lord Champney, "Barbara knows I love her with a mad, passionate love, as wild as it is hopeless. Yet she scorns and repulses me." • "But, since you so nobly forgive the wavering of her affections, why does she treat you so coldly?" The baron winced, as he responded: "She cannot forgive me that I did not restore to her our child when she became convalescent and demanded its return. I refused for two or three weeks, you know, and the delay cost us the child's

Yes, I know. The baby died at the Sur- rey farm. Barbara cannot blame you for the child's death ?"

Lord Cha.mpney nodded assent. "Why, this is a shame—an infamous wrong!" cried Warner, with the earnestness that compelled nearly every one to believe in his honesty. To blame you for the child's death I Her ladyship ought to be set right—she had indeed, Champney. If you will only allow me to speak to her—"

‘-‘ No. I want no interference, even from you, Felix," said his lordship, sorrowfully. "There must be something more in this than is apparent. Can the Lady Barbara but no Impossible I" "What is impossible ?" "The Lady Barbara should have found some one she likes better than you." Lord Champney started slightly, and looked out of the window, which commanded a viewi of the lawn.

"Do I offend you ?" asked Warner, insin- uatingly. "if I am rude or rough, just check. me. You see, Champney, you've been away a good many years. The Lady Bar- bara was in the prime of youth and beauty. No doubt she has had many admirers who have dared to whisper love to her, taking advan- tage of your absence. Could you expect that a lonely, unguarded woman could steel her heart to such admirers—"

Lord Champney threw up his arms impatiently. "Felix, you torture me 1" he said, hoarsely. "Pardon me; I had no such intention. I would not for worlds add a single pang to a heart already anguished past endurance. I will keep silence, my lord. You forgive my thoughtlessness ?" "Forgive me, Felix," said Lord Champney, his generous heart touched by Warner' seeming remorse. "I am very irritable. And—go on with what you were saying. 1 know you mean well." "Thank fortune you appreciate my affectionate zeal in your behalf, Champney. You are my only living relative, and I have attached myer,lf to you, so that if you were unhappy I should be miserable." "I believe it, Felix." "Speaking of the Lady Barbara," resumed Warner, talking more slowly, and clasping one of his long side whiskers caressingly; "of course she has been used, more or less, to society in your absence. I see she has company now. She is a woman fitted to adorn society, and could not be expected to become a recluse. And—but form your own conclusions, Champney. I know that if you should discover anything wrong, you will be merciful to your wife. I have spoken but to pre- pare you for a possibility which may not have occurred, and which I hope may never occur. And now shall I tell you of myself 1" " Yes ; tell me what you have been doing down in Sussex." "Courting the prettiest girl. in the kingdom," replied Warner, with real enthusiasm. "Prettiest! She is the most beautiful, the most radiant and airy little being that was ever seen !" Lord Champney's gloom was lightened by a smile. "In love at last, Felix 1" he exclaimed. " Won- ders will never cease. You in love! Why I thought you invincible I" "So I thought too," said Felix, good-humouredly. "Yet I've fallen a victim at last to a pair of dark eyes. The little girl I love, Champney, is no tame, insipid creature, but a spirited, sunshiny, buoyant girl, with a noble and generous soul. She will be a grand womAn." "'Who is she ?"

" The daughter of a country squire. They come of a good old family, which was never disgraced by a sin4e member. iler name is Dora Chessom." "Dora !'' repeated Lord Champney. "The name pleases roe, is she too young for you ?" " She's only seventeen, but she's not too young. I'll make myself young for her sake." "rd y girl won 1(1 have been about seventeen now," said the baron, thoughtfully. "My poor little one, who never had a name until she was dead! had them cut the name of Barbara into the plate on her tiny cutlin. When shall, you be married, Felix ?" Warner smilfli bitterly.

"1 b.2.(7 it LI vanced so far as that yet, Champ- ney. ,Tue hundred a year won't go far to support family, aild Dura's money must be settled on herself."

"'fl com c). Put why haven't you applied to me, Felix ?" said the generous baron, half reproach- fully. " I win give you a house to live in, and Settle Iwo! you live hundred a year. On eight hundred pounds you are safe in marrying.".

VSTAri!,:: (.3:pre,.,Tied his gratitude in -Nvairk terms. " Always 1 il(elig litfUl of others, Champuey I You touch loy heart with your kindness. If I could only hope to repay you—' "Do not sped of repayment. You pain me in so doing. I regard you as a younger brother, Felix, and shall be glad to promote your happi _

Lord Chnnipney regarded his kinsman with afloetionele kindness. Despite the disfigurement of jealousy, the baron had a large and grand nature, and was full of generous impulses, of which Warner had many times had the benefit. It gave loin a sad pleasure now to think that if his own ht.ppiiiess were forever destroyed, he could help build up the happiness of another. And W ? He was planning how co stab the heart that trusted in him. He was already pre- paring so &al the blow. "1 %via write to Dora to-morrow," he said, "and tell her of your generous offer. You will be cluArnii,d with her Champney. But now, to quit the grateful thanks that so distress you, tell me who is here. Any of our old friends? Any one whom I 1; now ?" _ - -

"First oi all," replied his lordship, "there is W Mat d Atrws —"

Wd..iler uttered an exclamation of surprise. " Anlt-, and 1 are very good friends, too," said Cliampifty, smiling. " He is engaged to marry Ada Gower, Barbara's niece. He proposed to her this orniiig, aid was accepted. The couple—Ames and Ada—ate the chief among those staying here, although Ada lives with her aunt. Then there are the two Ladies Howe—nice girls, and twins. Mr. Tillinghast and Captain Burton, of the Guards, fill out the list, after counting you and myself." "A very pleasant party, but I only know Ames and Burton. Is Effingham here ?"

"Effingham, the handsome colonel, you know," laughed Warner, a sudden gleam shooting from his

" no. Why should he be here, Felix?" I don't know, unless to visit like the rest," .in,wered WlKr»er, twirling his tawny whisker. "My wu elieiing up, you know. His wife

,:1;y

===== 0002601_18960912_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT A REPORTER HAS TO

===== 0002601_18960912_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
LOOKING UP A HOSPITAL FAILURE.

I as amused, writes the reporter of a London paper, when instructed by my editor to interview a person. whose experiences I am about to relate,at.the injunction not to exaggerate the case in any way. As a rule a reporter is expected to make the most of a piece of nevvs. However, I didn't exaggerate.

The individual I was asked to interview is Mr. George Sharpe, of 6, Essex-terrace, Town-road, Lower Edmon- ton. I found him to be a respectable young workman, of an intelligent countenance, with a bright eye, and a healthy fresh colour on his cheeks. In reply to inquiries, however, he said he had alwaY's until recently suffered bad health—coughimg and spitting blood. He had been to the City-road Chest Hospital about two years ago, and they wanted to keep him in there. He was pouiticed and given physic and embrocation for the chect, and directed to feed himself up on cod liver oil, which, he said, he did until it made him sick. Later, he went to the Cavendish-square Hospital. They attributed his illness to the dust of his trade getting into his lutgs. He was under treatment about eighteen months,without relief- continuing all the while to cough and spit blood. Be could not sleep at night,and was as tired when he got uP in the morning as when he went to bed. The patient'S mother said she had had a large family,several of what had died from consumption. "George," she added,"wag just the same until lately _ but now he is wonderfully' changed: he can eat anything at every meal since has been taking these pilla."

" What pills P" asked the reporter, in surprise. " What pills ? Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People," was the reply. "Itis to them that he Oscel his life, and recovery of health, for nothing else did 13111 the least good." Mr. Sharpe said, " One morning when I went t: work my fellow-worken were speaking about rn!" d saying how weak I was. One of them said he believe Dr. Williams' Pink Pills were very good things n andlilen; tioned some cases that had bee cured by them. So got some,taking them after meals. In a short time the blood-spitting, night sweats, and weakness stopped. I feel quite right now, and can stop at my work and eat well."

This is not by any means the first ,:ase in which incipient consumption has been cured in the same way. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are world-famed for repairing ravages of all debilitating disease and of over work. They cure all the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood and nerves, such ae anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muocular weakness, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, early decay, all forms 01 female weakness, hysteria, pAralysis, lccomotor ataxy', sciatica, palpitations,low vitality, and wasting strength from any cause. These Pills are genuine only with the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and are sold by chemists and by Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 4d, Holborn-viaduct, London, E.G., at 29. 9d. a box, or six for 13s. 91. They are unrivalled as tonic and strengthening medicine for both sexes. Pint pills sold loose or from glass jars are not genuine; do no; accept them.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
tiot SO teen are ever speal tniversal 17. 19, aai never attel 'bade rul BeCOnd-bai *ever atte Why shou niotto is ii tinderstan a Than tha lateia that against bti hand, and Others, " Honest' hie buaine tune him

Any lot Intern wi Goods e: Derehase liouses of

REVO. Mr., tion. but II relents. I, Power to

EVO ill No Prompt cal Uttscrupul REV°. MAR

When 11 eelved an Did/fled oil KIT.° hen them fror ...look for a 'for Ilars."

Out of tecond- hal CAI HA PRI HO' CAI MR MR

13 A R sm. 'Whole b- aize becleL bolster cat Dries 14 g, lYstem. Call an, MAR' At %mists table, car li)Ole corn Wood), en el:mimed %baying r toll-si2e !Ilattreas, bolster ca ,Itoorcloth Artspect ti are a mar, an the defl prompt •

Oharmi !listing of the most teh, 10 ender r Tv up. Or 24 gui NO BY ALLOW

Melphi

PRO Rer lonaletini kirrors ri 11Pboard ~l i dressii And large lune ; 'are the peths rail. and ' guarante( sante& az eredit. fi Universe Adelphi GERSH

A NL, fro Satin Wa klthogan- IPPerior ssing e Opel 1_ _nth mar un•dside b 7, 14, 12 reli suit 'go extra Vhiversal 'be Adely GRA',

'tufted, thjer ; wti.. 18s Ex Lug. extrE 14eVerfl1 S 4ables, Parpets, 'Ornishin Co'

tha t 6in. Pedest 11 IftrigUel)Pertl t(1,14 b 1 e sta 1 :41:1°:;11114,114140telk:Illea:7;:si:Iti'} *el rail wer at pa. -ite-streei

r /JON 110emilpE E

17' 19, ani 121111

A. II ,c 1 • •' • Ir. ,rg • 'et • 1 • A 1 t; 5 L. • 3 a 111 3 a ar ' Lol , b • is .5 ice b • of or 7fl n; ty se Yi rn ts- io n, ce I'. 1. ab I 1 I • ),. re • .1 8111 • • 'NT 4

===== 0002601_18960912_art0017.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
curse, that he was [ Warner, carelessly. Id as that, knowing e because the Lady before accepting you. toim told me I would here. He has made a his wife died—"

,Pain breathing heav p arm in the colonel's Did one of the fellows a bit of the original found his Eve there. io fellow. His Eve in _

and the false friend ely to see its effect. nod, and his face grey; ) had gone home to big proud a man to openlY

fallen in love with P, or with a farmer's tivering smile. "Holy passes my comprehen•

ow that he is in love," [ with the result of his all hero when he finch§

V stern. He arose and

he said. "Come down I near the luncheon

dor, feeling strangely

to Cromer," he mut- ablaze. "1 have come fanoy who the Eve is though Felix had nc rbara like a lynx, and , false as fair! What Shall I, like Samson, arbara and those she ain tied.)

PER HAS TO

PITAL FAILURE.

ter of a London paper, to interview a person. relate,at the injunction any w ty. As a rule a most of a piece of news.

interview is Mr. George a-road, Lower Edmon- :able young workman, th a bright eye, and a. 'S.

he said he had alwaVg —coughimg and spitting y-road Chest Hospital wanted to keep him la ri given physic and Lnd directed to feed )il, which, he said, dater, he went to the y attributed his illnese ato his lucgs. He wee nenths,without relief n and spit blood. ge as tired when he got up to bed. The patient'S amily,snveral of whore !orge," she added,"waS low he is wonderfully' at every meal since he

rter, in surprise. s' Pink Pills for pale o them that he osveg Dr nothing else did !lira

fling when T went to ieaking about mo arid them said he believed y good things andaen- cured by them. So $. In a short tiine the weakness stopped. I p at my work and eat

e first ease in which ured in the same way. ld-fatned for repairing • and of over work. .s which arise from an I and nerves, such fie don, general muscular less of breath, pains in rly decay, all forma of ysis, locomotor ataXl• 7, and wasting strength genuine only with the Hs for Pale People, and r. Williams' Medicine Jondon, E.C.. at 2s. 9d. ey are unrivalled as e for both sexes. pink

are not genuine ; do

e for illustrated Guide ILCCONISTS' OUTFITTIIIO anager, HENRY MyERS.

that of all the higher ion of every portion ,?f Blood. If the blood Lrkes' World farn,d hood and Skin Disease' iser ever discovered, an Ipurities from whatevet trvv. Uczema. Bad Leg"' a effects are marvellous' rerywhere at 2s. 91. per tions and substqutes! (7)

)P LIFE

k " Little Cough."

A " Little Cough." 3 LIDIROLVU, USE of )R INFLUENZA ANDALLCIIESII AND T H ROA' COMPLAINTS- OSSIBS KS. THE powl SOOTHE, RELIEVE. O. EAL, Wiliet3 exists in 0-

her prepAration. COUG us

on EVI4II PAILS To GP° INSTANT RELIEF. FIRST DOSE A SOOTHING

rDE TO THE Cilia

UCES SLEEP

altn, and refreshing. , S NOT CONTAI'' LTDANUId, OPIEJM• °r RPHIA:

WHOOPING COVerli .CTS LIKI3 A CAMP' Children like it.

1311). BOTTLO. OVES ITS V ILIIS• 1405 rABLISHED 40 Y Et NEVON, FAILS. WITNESS Blarit for Girls, Croydou• tO SIR,—I am 131p/a ,m the use of your to seve.al effects were marvgAtu 3. I shall be

for a Bottle of 001:5 wiled to accept anytlitd 'll every geriuine`l3ool° of IioPF) and TigitAtOre . innovations. everywhere, in Bottl,e°' any difficulty ill . receipt ofl. Queen Viototia-stree

===== 0002601_18960912_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL MEN ARE LIARS 4

S 3 ;Hats a Poplar Author. Not so bad as that I hope, although I must admit some ken are wicked liars ; in fact, it's only by accident they ever speak the truth. It is not a lie when Gershon, the universal Furnishing Contractor, 44, Oldham-street, It 19, and 21, Hiltma-street. Manchester, states that he rsever attempts to put before the public common new London Made rubbi h, more like orange boxes, for high-class BeCol3d-hand ; it is not a lie when Gershon states that he Sever attempts to trespass upon his neighbour's business IMY should he? It only causes a bad feeling. Gershon's Motto is live and let live. He sticks to the one thing he Understands, namely, furnishing. If you can't furnish with man that understands his business, you cannot do so with Men that don't. Gershon has for years cautioned the public tgainst buying common new London furniture for second band, and he still does so. However distasteful it may be to Milers, Gershon still takes his stand upon the rock of ." Honesty and J ustice," which are the guiding principles of is business, and from which precepts time nor tide will Muse him to recede TFRMS OF BUSINESS. RAILWAY FARE PAID TO COUNTRY CUSTOMERS. GOOD:, STORED FR KB TILL REQUIRED. IS RAEMBE/t." _ _ _

A.ny lot advertised may be had on the deferred paymen "'stem withent any extra charge. Goods exchanged if not satisfactory. Mr. Gershon will 12.ti1chase or take in exchange a single article or complete `Mises of furniture. COMPARE PRICES.

REVOLUTION IN THE FURNISHING TRADE. Mr. GERSHON is a great admirer of keen competi- L , ion, but he strongly objects to others copying his advertise- kents. It's mean; and to those that have not the brain Power to write their own, Mr. Gershon will do so for them.

REVOLUTION IN THE FURNISHING TRADE. No extra charge for credit, and 6 per cent. allowed for Prompt cash. Mr. Gershon is anxiously waiting to Bee what scrupulous shopkeeper will copy this.

REVOLUTION IN THE FURNISHING TRADE. M ARVELLOUS BARGAINS. GERSHON'S CAUTION. When in search of genuine pec,ond-band goods don't be de- %Weil and have new common stuff, m .re like orange boxes, Palmed on to you. When I have second-hand furniture I live he names and addresses, and don't simply say I get .teiem from this place and thd, place, You might as well (..9ok for a needle in a truss of hay as look for the lateowner. 'forget what the popular author wrote, " AU men are liars." NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR CREDIT.

FIVE PER: CENT. ALLOWED FOR PROMPT CASH. Out of the number of mansions, hotels, and houses I have %et:end-hand goods from, the following may be mentioned. CALL AND INSPECT THE GOODS FROM— HAYESLEIGH, OLD TRAFFORD. PRINCE OF WALES HOTEL, HARROGATE. HOLLY LODGE, ALEXANDRA PARK. FULS HAW BANK. WI LMSLOW. CARLTON-STRBET, MOSS SIDE. MRS. GoLLOTT, WALM MRS, THORBURN, UPPER BROOK-STREET, AND OTHERS.

BARGAINS GREAT AND WONDERFUL. Smart complete House of Furniture. consisting of the 'Whole furniture for three rooms. sitting-room, bedroom, full size bedstead, mattress bed,bolster, pillOws, sheets, blankets. bolster case, pillow slips, and kitchen complete all like new; Dries 14 guineas. No extra charge on the deferred payment system. FiNe per cent. for prompt cash. Call and inspect them. No harm done if you don't buy.

MARVELLOUS VALUE. A Charming House of Furniture, really like new. It tensists of dining-room suite in leather, extending dining- table, carpet, rug, fender, fire brasses, lace curtains, window De le complete, magnificent bedroom suite (nut painted, solid Wood), enclosed dressing-table, large bevelled glass attached.; enclosed washstand, marble slab tile back, and bevelled 'baring mirror, they form two complete chest of drawers.; lull-5i5 handsome black and brass bedstead, wire spring rnattrese, bed, bolster, pillows, sheets, blankets, pillow slips, .bolster eases, toilet set, carpet, complete furniture for kitchen, ooreloth for same. ditto for lobby and stairs. Call and mapect the lot. Get a complete list, and you will say they ere a marvel of cheapness for 24 guineas. No extra charge en the deferred payment system. Five per cent allowed for Prompt cash.

GBRSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, Oldham-street (next to the Adolph' Bank), Manchester. Charming Drawing-room lot, in perfect condition, con- Meting of handsome Suite, ;ust been re-covered in one the most fashionable coverings: the charming Cabinet to tch, lovely Overrnantel, two Tables, Carpets and Rug, r ender and Fire Brasses, all complete and ready for et- ng up. A superior drawing-room well worth £s:),delivered Or 24 guineas. NO BXTR & CHARGE FOR CREDIT. FIVE PER CENT . ALLOWED FOR PROMPT CASH.

a,ERSHON, THE UNIVERSAL FURNISH- ING. CONTRACTOR. 44, Oldham-st., next to the 1/4lelphi Bank, Manchester.

VROM ONE of the ABOVE ADDRESSES. Remarkably handsome Solid Walnut Bedroom Suite, .43usleting of full 6ft. wardrobe with two robing bevelled thirrors reaching from plynth to cornice, fitted with drawers, C4Pboards, and hanging comportments; magnificent pedes- bat dressing table, fitted with eight drawers in the pedestals 4klid large bevelled glass attached supported by carved brac- kets; large size pedestal washstand, fitted with cupboards in the ped.- stela ; bedside pedestal with napkin drawer, towel rail, and three charming upholstered chairs. The -smite is guaranteed solid throughout. Well worth £5O; packed, war- rnishing ',Vete:lrd delivered for 24 guineas. No extra charge for Utiiversalr;nPer cent. allowed for prompt cash. Gershon, Adelphi Bank. Manchester. . Contractor 44, Oldham-street, next to GERSHON ALLOWS FIVE PEE CENT DISCOUNT FOE PROUP r (usu.

ANUMBER of Bedroom Suites, Just like new, from a hotel, in solid American Walnut, Bur Walnnt, eatin Walnut, Olive Wood, Bird's Eye Maple, English Ash, kahogany, Cyprus, and other woods. Each suite includes a IPPerior wardrobe. well-fitted aucl plate-glass door, bevelled; 'Qe. ssing table with bevelled glass attached, some enclosed, lfle open, and some with side reflectors; double washstand i'lth marble slab, tile back, and bevelled shaving mirror ; reside cupboard, chairs, and owel airer ; the prices are 18, 1 h 4, 12, 10 and 8 guineis the suite, packed and delivered. 17eh suite is worth double. Five percent. for prompt cash. ;10 extra for credit. Call and inspect them. GERSHON, niversal Furnishing Contractor, 44, Oldham-street, next to 'he Adelphi Bank, Manchester.

GRAND BARGAIN IN DINING-ROOM SUITE. —All the wood work is guaranteed solid, spring huffed, covered in dark grain leather, all in perfect °rder ; the covering is new; price, packed and delivered, Ei 183 61. Charming Suite. in saddle bags, all new cover- extra strong 3olid filmes ; grand bargain for 5 guineas. 4everal Sideboards, in various woods, at marvellously low rices, with bevelled glass backs: from £4 108 to £6O. Dining ...4ables, all sizes and all woods.; from 245. Second-hand Varpets, Rugs, Fenders. and every requisite for complete flarnishing, at GERSHON'S, the UNIVERSAL FURNISH- CONTRACTOR. 44. _OLD_ H__/4,I4I_:S_T_REET, next to the

Adelphi Bank, MANCHESTER. ALL ARE INVITED TO WALK THROUGH.

RESULT OF UNHAPPY MARRIAGE, . DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS, eco., perhaps the most ,Avourable opportunity ever offered to those about furnishing VI good style is the present. The furnishing in question has been removed from a very large house in the vicinity of Ply- kouth Grove, and everything was made to order only 14 konths ago by one of the best houses in the city. The prices glinted are exactly one-half the cost. Nothing like a full des- -4111,_ Ption can be given. Inspection is invited. firstly. the WI is furnished with a grand dark mahogany Louis Stand pair chairs to match; price 9 guineas. The dining-room in solid black walnut of magnifieent and uncommon qesign. To attempt anything like a description would be a Waste of time ;to say the least, it is the most charming and ,Ilnique, the dining-table extending with extra, leaves, ,sup- Ported by square legs, which are beautifully carved ;the over- Ltbantel is such that can only be made by workmen of the 'uighest standard ;itis a work of art. Next comes the truly Lnitgnificent Suite, which, of course, are also in solid black 751 nut, and consists of 12 standard Chairs (the price quoted for six chairs, more can be had if required). with double- Pidded backs, two extra large lounge chairs, and a grand ecUch, of large size, sideboard alone is worth £5O Os 9d. the Ihole forming a noble lot for high-class dining-room. Price uti guineas. t I have also the carpets, paintings, and engravings from uhe same room. The drawing room is furnished in the test style, and surpasses everything for elegance I have 17er seen. Firstly, the Curio display, cabinet at once ,Itrikes you as being a marvel of beauty and workmanship Possesses all the requirements ot such an artistic article ext comes the handsome music cabinet With face fron 7(1 various divisions, lined with plush; two curious shape ,L4bles, with fancy cut and carved legs; the overmanted Zith diamond-shaped glasses, and recesses for the display 'nick-necks ; lastly, but by no means the least, the truly •t7gnificent suite of double gondola settee, for any part of ..te room ; two charming easy chairs, four °tensional chairs, Zd two gossipy chairs. All are upholstered in a rich silk jpestry. with raised flowers aad sprays. and finished with k cord and gimp. It may be remarked that these fittings Suitable for only a high-class,drawing-room. There are in Zed- nine bedrooms, space preveuts all being deseribed. The 5t room of all, I may here state, is suitable for a lady of ipe or a lord. it cost £l2l, and is offered for 60gs. The suite hotiMply magnificent, the wood is perfeetty solid bright- 'Wished walnut of the choicest .Guality, the wardrobe is ,VWide.fitted at either end with hanging compartments Of let, are enclosed with brilliant bevelled Vaxhan plate glass 4211 field shape, between the doors are drawers, and above ite bay-shaped cupboards, with massive carved panel-+, which ez„°,2loe displays great dexterity with the chisel, the whole is it 7n, ed with a cornice of tower like shape,the dressing table t4.:t 6in, wide, pedestal design, and bay-shaped between .Pedestals, which are fitted with drasrers, the glass, which ik,.:UPported by carved brackets, is (Meld shape and extra 14,6 e. Next comes the 4ft 61c bay-shaped washstand, with to:tale slab, tile, and glass back, about 4ft high, the pedestal syl el rail, and upholstered chairs forms one of the finest *titre Money can buy. There are eigke other bedrooms ktmeb contain suites at all prices, some as Law as 4 guineas ,;.`, Some at 14, 18, and 25 guineas. g b,the suite from the breakfast room is in saddle bags, price ticneas ; dining table, 355; sidebowd, £7 15s ; two recesses .cases, 75s each. Another carveoloak bookcase and a host kettber articles are on view. Carpets, rugs, fe:ielers. orna- ktt Ilte- paintings, china, and glass, all removed to 44, Old- lit-street, Manchester. ii()N

===== 0002601_18960912_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
DON'T FORGET.

k. e--N'T MAKE AY EXTRA CHARGE FOR 40,YEDIT, AND ALLOW FIVE PER CENT FOR 41 Pr CASH.

RSHON, UNIVERSAL FURNISHING 'CONTRACTOR, 44, OLDHAM-STREET, MANCHESTER. 17, 19 NEXT TO THE ADELPHI BANK, and 1 RANGES.—See tke Herald Improved Lifting Fire ' and 21. HILTON-STREET. ,a'll adjoining and corn Eange.--Sole Agent, U-ARLAND, Bridge-street.—Advt. Municating with 44, Oldham-street, Manchester.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

Ky DZAR Ikhazuc, There is nothing very new to be noted in head- gear just now. Bright red straw hats, trimmed, of course, with black and cream only, will be worn very soon, and they really look much nicer than they sound. Big felt and velvet picture hats will certainly be in favour once again, and toques will be more fantastic than ever: but more of these anon. I must tell you, however, that the newest bows for hats are of white glace silk, edged with black velvet.

Black and white is always an effective and dis. tinguished combination, and its good p oints are exemplified in a hat of coarse white, English band-made straw, the front being occupi, 3d by two cloudy rosettes of white lisse, backed by a bow of black lisse and a high, black osprey,,, while two white wings shine out against the crow ,n, which is surrounded at the base by soft puffmgs of black lisse.

Coat and skirt costumes are really the only wear just now; in fact, the tailor-built -woman is hav- ing things all her own way, and. quite right too, for in the country, whether on motr or mountain, or alewhere elee, nothing looks sn3arter, or is !awe

comfortable than s well-made gown, plain without any frippery to get torn or untidy, the skirt not too full, clearing the ground frankly, and worn over a well-fitting knicker-petticoat. A smart gown of drab beaver cloth has the straight double- breasted coat fastened with white pearl buttons, and having a 'little silver braiding on the high military collar. _ _

A coritume forthe moors and for general tourist wear might be made of covert coating in soft dark clover-green; the double-breasted coat is lined through with striped satin, and fastened with big smoke-pearl buttons, and has a deep collar of velvet.

Real novalt, in the world of costume there is not, so I think I shall discuss at the moment the possibility of converting our old frocks into petti- coats. I stall take, for instance, a black brocaded tea-gown, gay with little groups of coloured flowers; proceed to induce it mentally to form a pale skirt with a very deep flounce of pale pink glare silk, trimmed on the hem and on the top with a thickly quilled ruche, and lightly covered from beneath the upper ruche with a flounce of black Belk-edged chiffon. Black lace might take the place of the chiffon for those who prefer it. And the same petticoat would lend itself to the more expensive decoration of black muslin flounces with insertions of cream-coloured Valenciennes lace and nanow bands of blue baby ribbon. A plain satin petticoat may be very successfully trimmed with a broad row of black velvet ribbon on the extreme hem, above which should be sewn thirteen rows of narrow black baby ribbon—and here is occupation for the leisure moments of the industrious. Then, again, a petticoat of worthy ,detail may be made of an old black satin dress with a deeply gathered flounce trimmed with gold galoon—one, two or three rows of this to be used according to the pocket of the proposed wearer. The best lining for satin petticoats is nun's veiling, failing of course am only suggesting the nun's veiling for tie advantage of the prudent, but as a rule, if we urot an old dress to make a petti- coat, the old silkeia lining may be relied upon to do its duty once agaits. I do not believe the woman lives who has not, in her heart of hearts, a sneaking fancy for dainty hose, and there ace some really lovely stockings about just now. ror wearing with tourist and moor costumes, there are stockings of the finest wool, woven in tweed designs to match the dresses. For ordinary occasions, fine black cashmere, lightly embroidered up the front with white or grey, are the nicest; those with coloured stitching and open- work are not good form for street wear now, and are reserved for tlx9 house, and the same may bs said of the chic striped and checked hose in span silk or lisle thread.

Your loving JENNIN

(jIOLEMAN'S INCARNIS.

COLEMAN'S WINCARNIS. 4COO MEDICAL MEN have sent Testimonials in its favour. Sold In Bottles 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. everywhere.

EPPS' COCOA.—GRATEFUL AND COMFORTING.-1' By a thorough knowledge of the natural laws which govern the operations of digestion and nutrition, and by a careful appli- cation of the fine pro; erties of well selected CocoL, Mr. Epps has provided for our breakfast Rini supper a delicately flavoured beverage which may save us many heavy doctors' bills. It is by the judicious use of such articles of diet that a constitution may be gradually built up until strong enough to resist every tendency to disease. We may escape many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well fortified with pure blood and a properly nourished frame."—C vii Service Gazette.—Made simply with boiling water or milk Sold only in packets and pound tins, by Grocers, labeled— JAME 3 EPPS It, CO., Ltd., Homreopitkic Chemis• a. I ondon." Also makers of I pps' Cocoaina or Cocoa-Nib Extract Tea- like: A thin beverage of full flavour, now with many bene- ficially taking the place of tea. Its active principle being a gentle nerve stimulant, supplies the needed energy without unduly exciting the eystt.m.—Advt.

..... . , ......._ ~• • -‘ - .... ,„... . ..)... . „,....., r" ,;. ,4;• '-f if' •;; e'....: . 4.0"..0 ; `11.04C• -1- .; '' - l(ef:. r. ' 4"/.'' .6,,,, , . -....-N, ~ • ,/ i=7.--' , \

i .4J-5 4 ~„.....„.. ti,,... •„. ...... ...: , 0,7 .. ~...„. „..„‘\,. .N. •• I. . : ..* 7'/ '.` • ;,.•,.k,p i•,,,,, _. i k , ~,,• . ~ . if

....._....-.,:.;..-.--.. ---- . / ‘ ... • 7 .----...717.. ...", 'i: ~ %, :=, ;.. 1 , / - I •-• o yii,t(ph ..• t ,I 1 !' \ , ~4))1, . , . 0 ol . _ C , 4 7 r 7; , • kr'l 7 # " # . /• / 14 .f., r r , l'T " / . ./ , 4, .. / r- ----- - / 1

===== 0002601_18960912_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
"WOMEN'S CHAT."

The Duke and Duchess of York's little sons, who have I been spending some time with their grandmother, the I Queen, together with Princess Henry of Battenberg's children make quitee nursery full. Her Majesty is in- tensely fond of children and never kappier than with the little people around her. In most respects the nur- sery arrangoments and the general principles pursued,in the case o, the Queen's grandchildren and great grand- children are identical with those which obtained in the early years of her Majesty's own married life, when her nursery was full cf small princes and princesses, several of whom are now themselves grandparents! The oldest Queen in Europe, the Queen of Denmark, obtained her seventy-ninth birthday on Tuesday last. Her Majesty is a Princess of Hessel-Cassel and married the present King of Denmark,who is her senior by a few ,months,in 1842. As the zustom of sending birthday pre- sents is studiously kept up by her children and grand- children, the number of paroels which arrived at the Palace were considerable. Lieutenant Dan Godfrey who has just reached the age of sixty-five, and whose retirement ender the age rule of the service will shortly take place,has had charge of the Grenadier Guards Band for over forty years. He, I was appointed in July 1858 by the late Prince Consort The Lieutenant has, however, a scheme for starting a band of his own about the end of the year,which will no doubt receive the warm support of his many admirers. It is distinctly a matter for regret that the old- fashioned " harvest home." festivities in rural districts are getting less and less every year. Time was when every farmer would gather his men and their families together in his biggest barn at the end of the harvest, and celebrate the fruition of the years' work with an evening of festivity and merriment, but now a change seems to have come over the relation between farmer and labourer. The rural labourer is rapidly getting into the position of the town workman, the old personal relationship between master and servant is dying out, and the "cash nexus" is the only tie between them nowadays. "But, if the "harvest home" is dying out,we still,hap- pily, have the harvest thanksgiving with us. Last Sun- day,and for a Sunday or two to come, the great majo- rity of our churches were, and will be decked out, and there are few prettier sights than a village church with its decorations of flowers, fruit, and corn, on a harvest Sunday. That this custom will sooner or later go the way of the ether is, also, only too likely, but all who value the human as well as the commercial aspect of rural life will hope that it may only follow at a distance that is still far off. _ _

Many and spirited have been the discussions going on in some of the London papers of late, as to whether or P 0 it is wrong to instruct our servants to say" Not at Home," when we do not desire to receive callers. Surely there can be no possible harm in this polite, and recog- nised method of denying oneself. But it is the dull season and in all probability when this particular topic has been worn threadbare some other exciting subject will receive attention. By the way, the custom of having days "At Home "is by no means new. It was prevalent in Queen Ann's tune when women were "at home once a week to their friends of both sexes and called it a " day "just as we do. Across the channel, a new form of amusement has sprang up. A number of persons secure small toy balloons,and repair to a large open space free from tree. Postcards are then attached to the balloons, and at a signal each is released by the owner. The individual who sees the balloon fall is requested to note, upon the card, the hour and place, and then post it. At the end of eight days the answers to hand are examined and the prizes awarded to the happy competitor whose balloon accomplished the greatest number of miles ere descending to earth again. Speaking of balloons, many of my readers may be interested to know, that a storm viewed from above the clouds, has the appearance of ebullition. The upper surface of the cloud is bulged upward and outward, and has the resembl ince of a vast sea of boiling upheaving snow. The falling of the rain can be distinctly heard, making a noise like a water- fall over a preeipice, but thunder heard above a storm cloud is not loud, and the flashes of lightening appear like streaks of intensity white light. Only two Royal ladies have, as yet, been up in a balloon, the Queen Christina of Sweden and the ex-Empress Eugene. Boot-woven stockings, which have precisely the appearance of cloth gaiters, without the increased large- ness of size which these useful articles give, will enjoy considerable favour this coining winter, among up-to- date women who indulge in much out-door exercise. They are made in brown tan, arhi black, and are even being adorned with tiny buttons to still further carry out the illusion. Princess Maud's trousseau included several pairs. The reefer coat is once again with us I notice, and where a covering has perforce to do duty for two or three winters there is no safer style to select. Many of the long mantles now being shewn for matrons recall the gorgeous habits worn by the Flemish nobles and burghers that Holbein has perpetuated. The richest brocaded velves with bald large patterns are employed for them, and the collars stand up very high in the neck. They can be tinned flown, however, and probably often will be.

No self-respecting neck is now seen without a ruffling of some sort, but as the winter advances, simple tuckers of white lace are to be correct wear. This is welcome news, for the hard line of ribbon drawn high and tight round the threat, a mode we long indulged in, was only suitable to the very few, and the ruffles which followed proved far from becoming to the majority of us. A soft touch of white lace, however, is ever a delightful and becoming finish to our necks, and we shall do well to embrace the mode. The newest idea in stationery is to have the corner of the sheet of paper turned down, and held in place by a coloured seal or wafer, which displays the Christian name or monogram. This fancy is in high favour for wedding invitations. The seal is in silver, but not the lettering in which the guests are bidden—that is a little out-of-date. Probably there never were so many short sighted people in the world as there are at the present time,and there is no doubt that this is in consequence of the strain to which the eyes are subjected, and to the lack of fresh air consequent on a sedendary occupation. A simple proof of this is supplied by the fact that sailors and savages who spend their time in the open air,, never suffer from short or weak sight. A famous oculist has recently pronounced his opinion that a systematic method of resting the eyes is of incalculable benefit to those who have to use them for close work. If e advises the worker to pause and look round the room once, at least, in every ten minutes. By doing this, the muscular tension is relieved, the eyes are rested, and the blood supply better. One of the best methods of cleansing a sponge is to piece it in a basin of warm water containing a large handful of salt. The soap can be removed by this means without injury to the sponge. By the way, a certain number of our sponges are obtained off the Coast of Tripoli, and at present there are about 1,700 men en- gaged in the sponge fishery there. To keep a wateh in good order, which our mankind are fond of saying, is an impossible feat on our part, the same temperature should be preserved, if possible, at all times, likewise the same position. Winding should be peziormed in the morning always, as by this means the strongest tension on the sprin4 is preserved during the period most liable to rough usage. The average watch is made up of 175 different pieces, comprising upwards of 2,400 separate and distinct operations in its manufac- ture.

The skins and cores of apples should never be thrown away, as an excellent jelly may •be made by placing them in a preserving pan with a few cloves and water sufficient to cover them. Simmer till quite soft, strain through a jelly bag and to every pint of juice allow a pound of sugar. Boil until it stiffens, a few drops of cochineal will improve the color. .

" ATADGE."

MARRGIAE OF MR_ _III, E.__ RANSOME,

OF WARRINGTON.

An interesting wedding took place at the Friends' Meeting House, Mount-st,, Manchester, at eleven oclock on Wadnesday morning last in the presence of a number of invited relatives and friends, when the contracting parties were Mr. Harold E. Ransome,of 14, Museum-st., Warrington, the respected manager of Messrs. Unsworth and Richmond's works, Academy-st., and Miss Alice Jane Oakes, daughter oi Mr. William Oakes, of Macclesfield. The cere- mony was a brief but very impressive one. After meditation and prayer, the two contracting parties made a simple declaration, and afterwards signed the marriage register in the presence of Mr. Bing, the registrar of the Friends Society. Their signa- tures were afterwards attested by some forty or fifty friends. The bride looked very handsome, and was attired in a dress of cream mohair, trimmed with corded silk and pearls. She wore a picture hat trimmed with cream satin ribbon and cream plumes, and carried a beautiful bouquet. There were no bridesmaids in attendance. The duties of best man were satisfactorily fulfilled by Mr. John A. Ransome. After the ceremony, the party was photographed by Mr. T. Birtles, of Warrington. Subsequently a reception was held in the drawing- room of the Friend's Institute, adjoining the meet- ing house, and the guests then sat down to a "breakfast." The health of the bride and bride- groom was proposed in very suitable language by Mr. Ransome (father of the bridegroom) and was fittingly responded to. Amongst the guests Present were—Mr. and Mrs. Oakes (Macclesfield), Mr. E. R. Ransome, and the Misses Ransome (London),Mr. and Mrs. F. B. Oakes and Miss Alice Oakes, Mr. Arthur J. Ransome, Mr. S. J. Ransome, Mr. and Mrs. Richmond, and Master Frank and Miss Bertha Richmond, Mr. and Mrs. Adshead (Macclesfield), Mr. and Mrs. F. Adshead, Miss Adshead, Mr. and Mts. William Harrison, Mr. George Harrison, and Mr. H. Harrison, Miss Har- rison, Miss Gertrude Harrison, Mr. and Mrs. T. Wadsworth; Mr. Thomas Wadsworth, Mrs. Hovis Smith, Miss Atherton, Mrs. G. F. Gleniay, Mrs. Mur- gatroyd, Miss Fitton, Mr. Montague Atkins, Miss Wallis (London), and Miss Potts (Macclesfield). The newly-married couple departed amid the well- wishes of their friends for a tour in Scotland. A large number of presents were received, the one from the works of Messrs. Unsworth and Richmond being a piano. WARRINGTON ASSOCIATION OF BANDS.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER l2 1896.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTO.T TECHNICAL INSTITUTE.

RESULT OF EXAMINATIONS, 189 G.

The results of the examinations held under the Lan- cashire County Council. the Science and Art Department, the City and Guilds of London Institute, and the Union of Lancashire and Cheshire Institutes are now to hand. and se give below the names of the successful Warring- ton candidates :

===== 0002601_18960912_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
ART.

• ELEMENTARY FREEITAND.—First Class : Elizabeth J. Andrews, W. J. Ball, Elizabeth Bayley, Mary Brundrett, H. H. Dell, Gertrude Fennelly, Mary E. Hudson' Edith M. Jeffery, Jane Kipns, Florence El. Laverock, Eva S. Lees,Gertrude Pickavance, F. White J. B. Wilkinson. Second Class: Maud M. Berry, Martba, J. Bibby, F. E. Brown, J. E. Critchley, W. Davenport, Mabel D. Greenau,gh, Helen B. Henshall, H. I. Ingham, A. Marshall, J. Peers, Jessie Podmore, E. Rigby, C. P. Skelton, H. E. Taylor, E. W. Warren, Beatrice Whittle, Beatrice Wilcox, J. Wilkinson, Ellen Womersley. ELEMENTARY MODEL.—First Class: R. J. Cuppage.E. Kendrick, J. B. Wilkinson. Sec Aid Class : Elizabeth J. Andrews, F. Bate, Elizabeth Bayley, Maud M. Berry. W. Bodle, G. B3lton, Bertha Bouchier, F. E. Brown, J. E. Critchley, H. Dale,Annie H. Dewhurst,Gertrude Fan- nelly, Muriel Fletcher, Mary E. Hudson, H. E. Taylor, H. Toft, E. P. Tuson, W. Waring, E. W. Warren, Eliza- beth Webster, Beatrice Wilcox, J. Wilkinson, Maggie Wilkinson, Eleanor Williams, Lucy Williams, F. Winks. ELEIIENTAItY LIGHT AND SHADE.—SeCEMd Class : W. J. Ball, Agnes H. Coates, H. H. Dell, Helen B. Henshall, Pollie M. Jones, John Peers, Gertrude Pickavance. ADVANCED FREEHAN'D.—First Class : W. J.Ball,Bertha Bouchier, Eva S. Lees, Gertrude rickavance, Katharine A. Swanwick, Mary Watkins. Second Class : Minnie Burton, Agnes H. Coates,Florence H.Laverock,Kathleen M. Picton, Ada E. Smethurst, Frances G. Timewell. ADVANCED MODEL.—Secend Class: Bertha Bluchier, Min le Burton, Agnes Fl.Coates,Jane M.Finney,Florence H. Laverock, Gertrude Pickavance, Kathleen M.Picton, Ada E. Smethurst, Frances J. Timewell, Mary Watkins.

ADVANCED LIGHT AND SHADE.—First Class : Katie Brundrett, Agnes H. Coates, Florence H. Laverock, Gertrude Pickavance, Ada E. Smethurst. Second Class: Bertha Bouchier, Minnie Burton, Margaret E. Eatock, Jane M. Finney, Kathleen M. Picton, Edith M. Swan- wick, Katharine A. Swanwick, Frances G. Timewell, Mary Watkins, Edith M. Willc*cks. ELEMENTARY PERSPZETIYE.—First Class: Katie Brun- drett, Gertrude Pickavance. Second Class : Jane M. Finney, Eva S. Lees. F. Podrnore, Mary Watkins. ARCHITECTURE.—FirSt Class: W. J. Ball, H. Pier- point. _

PRINCIPLES OF ORNAMENT.—Advanced Second Class: H. Pierpoint. Elementary First Class : Beatrice Lees. Second Class : R. Diintith. ELEMENTARY DESlON.—Second Class: Agnes H. Coates, F. Podmore. PAINTING IN 510NOCHROME.—First Class: H. Pier- point. Second Class : Katie Brundrett, Beatrice Lees, Minnie Longdie, F. Podmore. PAINTING STILL LlFE.—Second :Class : Minnie Long- din.

ELEMENTARY MODELLING.—First Class : Eva S. F. Podmore,. Second Class : BArtha Bouchier, R. %V. D. Cooke, H. H. Dell, Gertrude Pickava.nce, E. Rigby. CERTIFICATE WORKS ACCEPTED.—Katie Brundrett, outline ornament ; Minnie Burton, shaded models; R. Daintith, modelling antique figure: R. G. Johnson, studies of ornament ; H. Pierpoint, design ; Gertrude Pickavance, shaded models; Hilda L. Slater, shaded cast, May Watkins, outline ornament. NATIONAL COMPETITION. —Bronzq medal : Daintith. COUNTY! EXHIBITION.—VaIue £10; Gertrude Picka- vance, F. Podmore.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
SCIENCE.

PRACTICAL GEOMETRY.—Elementary PAU,: Gertrude Pickavance. Fair: Elizabeth Andrews, H. H. Dell, Rya S. Lees, F. Podmore, Ada E. Smethurst, May Watkins. Macsagrz DRAWlNG.—Advanced Second Class: H. H. Gorgt, J. F. Melbourne. Elementary Pass: C. Horobin, W. Spence. Fair: J. Barlow, G. Brown, W. Everett, J. Gray, H. W. Mackey, G. C. Litton.

_ BUILDING CONSTRUCTION.—Advanced Second Class: G. Diamond, J. Dolan, A. B. Kenwarthy, B. Newcombe, T. Rigby, W. Wright. Elementary Pass: E. Milner. Fair: C. B. B. Sutton.

. MATMEMA.TICS.—Stage ll.' Second Class: R. Clare, Stage I. Fair: J. Gray, N. Nield. MAGNETISM AND ELECTRICITY.—Advanced Second Class: 11. Rigby. Alternative Fair : Edith I. Cann, Mabel A. Cann, Mary G. Corney. APPLIED MECHANICS. —Advanced Second Class: W. J. Ball, S. Wilcock. Elementary Pass: A. C. Binks. Fair: A. E. Ashley, H. H. Gorst. STEAM. —Elementary Pass: W. Bennett, A. C. Binks. Fair: A. E. Ashley, J. Gray, El. W. Mackey. INORGANIC CHEM ISTRY.—(Theoretical) Advanced First Class: A. Seed. Second Class: Aggie B. Tyrio. Elemen- tary Pass: A. Appleton, E. dal!, C. J. Smith, F. A. Yeo- mans. Fair: A. Lang, F. B. Rathbone. Alternative Fair: F. Womersley. INORGANIC CHEMISTRY (Practical).—Honoursl First Class : G. Dale. Second Class: E. Davies. Advanced First Class: 'F. Dixon, A. Seed, J. Young. Second Class: S. B. Chandley, J. Green, A. Lang,Aggie B. Tyrie. Ele- mentary Pass: C. J. Smith Fair: A. Appleton, E. Ball, F. P. Rathboue,W. W. Wigfield, F. A. Yeomans. ORGANIC CuamisTar (Theoretical).—Elementary Pass: J. Young. o aGUNIC CattraisTav!7 ( Practical) .—Elementary Fair: J. Young. PMYS lOLOGY. —Advanced Second Class : R. J. Hall. Elementary Fair : Susan A. Berry, Mary J. Hoose,Bessie Rimptl, Annie M. Walbank. HYGlENE.—Advanced First Class: R. J. Hall. Ele- mentary Pass : Mary J. Hoose, Bessie Rimell, Annie M. Walba nk . CITY AND etUILDS INSTITUTE.

IRON AND STEEL.—Ordinary Grade First Class : F. Womersley. MECHANICAL ENGIN'EinuNG.—Or dinary Grade, First Class : S. Wilcock.

TAxbuiva.—Ordinary Grade, First Class (with Ist Prize and Silver Medal,: J. Greenhalgh. First Class: W. W. Wigfield. Second Class: J. E. Ashcroft, F. Short. UNION OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE INSTITUTES.

_ ARlTHMETlC.—(Elementary) First Class : J. J. Basker- ville, J. Fowler, P. B. Gandy. J. Garst, E. Kendrick, Annie Owen, J. Peers, Agnes Richardson,Mary Richard- son, Mary Ward, G. A. Williams. Second Class : B. Baker, Georgina Barlow, W. J. Barlow, W. Bennett, Martha Berry, F. Bullen. J. A. Carpenter, W. Carpen- ter, Sarah Costello, W. Critchley, Catherine Daley,Mary F. Darten,J. L. Hawthorn, T. J. Hopkins, E. Lancaster, T. McViThirter, C. Mason, J. Mason, E Etta Ma.ybury, A. F. Pickforcl, G. F. Rice, E. Rimmer, J. M. Shaw, G. E. Strange, Elith Turner, W. Wakefield, J. L. Warbur- ton

EKOLISLE —(Elotnentary) First Class : D. B. Clark, Mary Lea, Edith Turner, Mary Ward. Second Class : Georgina Barlow, Sarah Costello, Mary F. Darton, E. Lancaster, Bertha London, A. F. Pickford, Margaret Battery.

COOKERY.—(Etementary) First Class with distinction : Mary Ward. First Class : Florence McGarty. Second Class : Elsie A. Bailey, Matilda Berry,Emily Houghton. Third Class : Lilian Hayward. NEEDLEWORK.—(lntermediate) Second Class : Sarah E. Horobin, Esther McGarty, Florence McGarty. (Elementary) First Class : Georgina Barlow, Clara Davenport, Matilda Gartland. Second Class: Clvtie Appleton, Elizabeth E. Hughes, Edith Maybury, Ethel Mounfield. Fanny Mounfield, Florence Tonks. Third Class : Eva A. Tilling.

HANDWRITING.—Firei Class with distinction: J. S. Bate. First Class: H. Sumner, G. A. Williams. Second Class : A. Horobin, M.W.Longshaw,Estlier H.McGarty. Third Class: R. Forster, Florence MeGarty. BOOKKEEPING.—First Class with distinction: T. P. Rathbone. First Class: J. S. Bate, J. F. Melbourne, F. G. R. Wood. Second Class: C. H. Longshaw, H. Sumner. Third Class: J. S. Craik, W. Daintith, R. H. Evans, .1. W. Eyre, G. Harding, F. H. Hollingsworth, F. Jones, S. Payne, J. S. Tilling. SRORTHAND.—Second Class: E. W. Kirk. Third Class: P. W. Boardman, J. I. Carpenter, R. Carpenter, J. T. Gordon, H. Greene, J. S. Tilling., H. Wallington. (Elementary) Pass : B. Baker, D. B. Clarke, H. Haviour, , A. Horobin, W. Rigby, F. White. ARITHMETIC (Soßior Commercial). ' —First class with distinction: H. T. Knowles. Third Class: H. P. Bate. J. E. Knowles. (Junior Commercial).—First Class : A. T. Charnock, Esther McGarty. Second Class: G. W. R. Ba'nes, J. J. Carpenter, D. B. Clarke, G. I. Fern, C. Horobin, Emily Houghton, C. H. Longshaw, A. Parr, H. Wood. Third Class: W. Hopkins, Florence McGarty, j. S. Tilling. ENGLISH (Commercial).—Second Class : J. D. Owen, T. P. Rathbene. I FRENCEI (Literary).—Second Class: May Hilton. Third Class : Nellie Fowler. (Elementary) First Class : E. W. Kirk, E. E. Lowe. Third Class: Mary J. Car- penter, Gvvynneth Corney, Clara Harding, G. Harding. Susan Jones. SPANISH (Commercial).—Second Class: F. Simcock, Third Class: E. W. Jones. Music (Elementary).—Second Class : Ethel Hibbert, E. L. Pearce, H. A. Roberts, J Williamson. Third Class • E. W. Gandy, J. E. Hannon. DRESSSIABING.—First Class: Ethel E. Ashton, Eliza- beth Blease, Mary J. Carpenter, Eva Critchlev, Edith Gleave, Sarah Handford, Kate Mantle, Alison S. May, Amy Osborne, Annie F. Wallington. Second Class: Mabel Clive,Clara B. Dale,Mary Evans, Elizabeth Fair- dough, Ethel Fry, Emily Jordan, Gertrude E. Lowe, Mabel E. Pearce. Third Class: Mary Ward. TRIED AND PROVED!

Sufferers from Gr,vel, Lumbago, Piles, Pains in the Back Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaint, Diseases of Kidneys Bladder Stone, Sciatica, Rheumatism and Gout will find a positive Cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Prices Is. Of all Chemists, or post free for 12 stamps, from HOLDROYD'S Medical Hall Checkheaten, Yorks. Sold at 35, Bridge-st., Warringto3. Don't be put off, If you cannot get them write to,the Proprietorand, a box will be seat uezt post— Ovt

===== 0002601_18960912_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BENEFIT PERFORMANCE.

On Saturday evening a special meeting of this Asso elation was held in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall, when the principal business was to make a pre- sentation to Mr. Gilbert Lowe, a former member of the Volunteer band and also Mr. Down's band, who met with a serious accident a short time ago whilst workiag at Messrs. Greenings works, and resulting in the loss of his right arm. Owing to a misunderstanding Mr. Lowe was not present, and it was decided that the cheque should be handed to Mr. Joseph Taylor, hon. secretary of the Association, for presentation to Mr. Lowe. rhe proceedings were presided over by Mr. T. J. Down.— The Secretary stated that up to the present time 49 per- formences had been given in the Park, at a cost of £44 163. 6d. When the season was concluded 54- per- formances would have been given, including the massed band performance on October 3rd.—The Chairman : What will they have cost the town ?—Mr. Taylor: £5O. —The Chairman: Not au extravagant price.—Mr. Tay- lor observed that up to the end of September they would have spent £49 12s. 6i out of the £so.—The Chair- man: That is running it very fine. (Laughter.)— Mr. Taylor remarked that Warrington was the only place in which performances were given in the Park in September. The season commenced earlier and lasted longer. He wished to state that he had heard some good news, namely, that it was the intention of the Town Hall, Park and Baths Committee to illuminate the band-stand next season, when requisite.—Mr. John Fairhurst (borough treasurer) said he did not think the the matter had been before the committee. The state- ment was not an official one.—The Chairman said he had made a suggestions to that effect himself to someone. At times it had been too dark to read the music.—Mr. Gor- ton: On one occasion did it not become so dark that the band could not see to play" God save the Queen "? (Laughter.)—Mr. Fairhurst : It would not be the first hand I have heard of as being similarly -bred. (Laugh- ter.—The subject then dropped.--The Chairman re- marked that in some cases the band secretary did not apply for the money to which the band was entitled for playing in the Park until long afteiwards,and that made it awkward for Mr. Fairh urst, who had to keep the accounts correctly. He did not know what the available surplus was in consequenee of the outstanding aeceunts. It would be better if some time was fixed in which money must be claimed or forfeited. (Hear, hear.)—Mr. Dell moved that the period be 21 days.—This was seconded by Mr. Gorton, and carried unanimously.—The Chair- man said Mr. Lowe's absence made his position a rather aifficult one. He had hoped he would have been present, so that he might have had an opportunity of congratu- lating him upon his marvellous recovery from the terrible injuries he received a short time ago. It seemed to him that Mr. Lowe had added a little testimony to the useful- ness and value of that admirable institution the War- rington Infirmary—(hear, hear)—and also to the surgical skill of the doctors and the excellent staff. If the man had been conveyed in his critical condition to Manches- ter or Liverpool. as used to be the case when a serious accident occurred, it was more than probable that death would have taken place, but thank!' to the immediate attention he was able to receive, and to his own pluck and sound constitution, he had been restored to a good state of health and strength. Unfortunately, however, he had lost Ins right arm, but he was able to do without it. A week or two ago lie (the speaker) was going down Horsemarket-st. when he saw Lowe riding on a bicycle. That was not altogether an easy task for a one-armed man. He had also learnt to play his in- strument with his left hand,and he seemed to be able to play as well as usual. (Flear,hear.) When the news of the accident became known it touched to the heart every bandsman in the town, and all who were con- nected with music felt the deepest sorrow and sym- pathy for him. It was, therefore, with feelings of the most profound relief that they heard he was likely to get over the accident. A fund was started with the object of raising sufficient money to enable Lowe to start some business within his power. The cAll was most cheerfully responded to, and the respectable sum of £2l is. 10d. was raised, principally amoagst the members of the various bands, mostly workingmen who had not much to spare. They were prepared to hand £2l ls.lod. over to himetnd they hoped it would be of some service to him in making a fresh start in life. He was sorry Mr. Lowe was absent,but although that was the case he was sure they would all join with him in wishing him I prosperity and success in his future life. (Applause.) He would ask Mr. Taylor to hand him a cheque for the amount named, and also to express the good feelings of the meeting. It was possible further sums might yet come in, and they would be handed to Mr. Taylor by Mr. Fairhurst, and Mr. Taylor would pass them on to Mr. Lowe. (Applause.)—Mr. Taylor explained that a special performance was given by the Volunteer Band in the Park in aid of the testimonial fund. I Mr. Taylor remarked that the members of the bands I which played in the park did not receive money indivi- dually. It was handed over to the vat ions treasurers, and was spent in the purchase of music and in the re- pair of instruments. (Hear, hear.) It was all merged into a common band fund.—The Chairman remarked that that was very praiseworthy on the part of the bands. He had been under the impression that they put the money into their own pockets.—A hearty vote of thanks having been accorded to Mr. Down for presiding the proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to the Borough Treasurer for his services.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
A CARD

NOWN as ev. Joseph Holmes' Mexican Prescription -ilk- is the only original guaranteed Remedy for all those who suffer from nervous weakness, exhausted vitality- kidney or bladder dise.cPs. gravel, prostate, spinal weak• ness, brain fag and kindred cotnplaints. It has stood the test fer twenty years. Send a self-addressed stamped nvelope to Jos. HoLmEs' Remedy Co. Bloomsbury Man eions, Bloomsbury Square, London, and get full particulars of this grPat specific free of charge. Mention whether for le or female, Beware,:of fraucl,alent Imitators.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
TtlE NEW WESLEYAN IHNISTERS FOR WARRLNGTON.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
RECOGNITION MEETING.

Once again the Wesleyans of Warrington assembled on Monday evening to welcome in their midst the new ministers who have been appointed by the Conference to this circuit. The recognition meeting was held in the Wesleyan schoolroom, Bold-street, and was largely attended, representatives being present from mest of the Wesleyan Chapels in the circuit. To schoolroom had been tastefully decorated for the occasion and presented an attractive appearance. Mr. William Bennett, of Padgate, presided, and he was supported on the platform by the two new ministers : Rev. W. Potts (superintend- ent), and the Rev. G. Harbottle; also by the Rev. W. G. Triggs, Rev. J. Gunnell (Penketla), Mr. J. Summersg,ill and Mr. L. G. Hensball. After devotional exercises, the CHAIRMAN in a few introductory remarks said they ought to hope for and pray for the prosperity of the work of God in the Cir- cuit. If they were to have this prosperity they must be united and not depend too much upon their ministers. He had not the least doubt but that their ministers would do their part, but they as congregations must also do their part. He was very glad to see the Revs. W. Potts and G'. Harbottle present, but he was sorry their wives were unable to be there. Mrs. Potts was unwell and Mrs. Harbottle was in the same condition. He was, however, glad to see Miss Potts, and he was sure she would receive a hearty welconae. (Applause.) Mr lizetsneee said he was very pleased to join in the expression of welcome to their new ministers. He agreed with meetings of that kind because he felt that if their church was to be prosperous they must have sympathy between the pulpit and the pew. (Hear, hear.) They must welcome their ministers amongst them and let them think that they had their sympathy, and see that they were going to stand by them and sup- port them in the circuit. (Applause.) He did not think the circuit was ever better disposed to see or more anxious to welcome ministers amongst them than they were that day. He trusted that they would be deter- mined as a church and as individuals to consecrate themselves afresh to the Master's service, and then with united earnest ministry working harmoniously together, and the church prepared to back them up, be was sure they would enter upon another prosperous and success- ful period. He would like to say a word about their cir- cuit finances. Most of them were aware that their finances had not been in a healthy state for some little time. He enjoined all to do their best to relieve them of the difficulty. They ought to make it more a matter of conscience than they did. He was sure if they did so their financial troubles would disappear. He trusted they were going to enter on a still more prosperous career and that they would support the cause by their presence and prayers to the utmost of their powers. Mr. SIIMMERSGILL in a word of welcome on bebalf of the local preachers in the circuit said there were at present thirty local preachers on the plan. There were sixteen preaching places in the circuit,and they had four ministers,so that there were twelve preaching places left for,the local preachers to fill Sunday after Sunday. (Hear, hear.) He mentioned that in order to call attention to the fact that the localipreachers were of some use in the carrying on of circuit work. (Applause.) They repre- sented an important portion of the circuit, and in addi- tion to being local preachers some were cless leaders, some stewards, and others connected with Sunday school and other Christian work, so that they claimed some interest at their hands. He could say to the new ministers that they were a loyal people to the Methodist doctrine and the Methodist discipline. They were one in sympathy one in purpose, and one in earnestness in a desire to give Mr. Potts and Mr.Harbottle a most hearty welcome into that circuit. (Applause.) He hoped that both of them would have no cause to regret coming into that circuit through want of co-operation on the part of the local preachers. Ho believed they desired to unite and do what they could for the spread of Christianity in that circuit. (Applause.) Mr. GEORGE WEAVER speaking on behalf of the Bold- st. Society offered to the new ministers a right hearty welcome. He thought that at Bold-st.they were loyal to their ministers, and he hoped they would ever be found working in accord with the ministers for the benefit of the church. (Applause.) Councillor SHAW GREEN as representihg Bewsey-road chapel said he believed the congregation at Rewsey-road would offer to their new ministers everything they ought to and could do,in order to make their stay in War- rington a blessing to them and a success in the cause of God. When Mr. Watkins left them he said that he was proud to go out of the circuit leaving Bewsey-read a united, contented, and happy people. That was so, and he (Councillor Shaw Green) was glad to be able to say that there was co-operation in all sections of the work for the spread of their religion. (Applause.) He thought the new ministers would find that the heartiness of Lan- cashire men was to be found at Bewsey-road. With re- gard to the remarks respecting local preachers they at Bewsey-road wanted them to feel thatthey were preach- ing to people as ready to take their message as that from their ministers. (Applause.) He hoped they would all endeavour to make their ministers stay amongst them a great and happ? success. (Applause.) The Rev. W. Poxes on rising to address the meeting met with a hearty reception. He said he was very glad to see that large gathering of friends, and he was sorry that his wife was not also present. Unfortunately she took a cold during the removal /and had been in bed the best part of that and the previous day, but he hoped she would soon be in their midst. He did not know whether they called Warrington a beautiful town, but it had not given them a brilliant reception so far in it- self. He was very glad the sunshine was coming out and he hoped there would be a great deal of sunshine in their intercourse and work with each other. In his study he found a copy of their local Church Record for this month, and very unsuspiciously he thought he should get to know something of Warrington, but the first thing he saw Was a portrait of himself. (Laugh- ter.) He did not know how the sketch of his career came to be written, but he was very much obliged for the good things said about it and he only hoped that he should be able to live up io it. (Applause.) He was very glad to be in the midst of a community composed chiefly of men of his own county—for he was a Lancashire man. He found that Lancashire people had good conceit of themselves (laughter)—but he had found grad people out of Lanca- shire. There were many things in the experience of a Methodist preacher which were not pleasant and they felt them very much at these times. It was very hard to break off friendships with people amongst whom they had been labouring but they were always very pleased to feel that they had people who would be glad to see them and who would give them a hearty welcome in what ever circuit they went to. (Applause.) Lancashire people had their faults there was no doubt,but they had also their excellencies. Straightforwardness was one of them, and he (Mr. Potts) always tried. to be straight- forward. His last Lancashire circuit was - at Oldham, and although the people might be rough—they were called Oldham " roughyeds"— he found them very straight. (Applause.) They had been reminded that evening that success did net depend upon the ministers alone, and there was one good thing in connection with itinerancy and that was when a new minister came amongst them they received him with hopefulness. Still the proslperity of the work depended upon them as well as the ministers. It would be a groat mistake if there was any want of sympathy between the travelling preachers, and the local :preachers, and the man who was a ;local preacher stood in the Pulpit on the same level as he did. (Applause.) He wished them to understand that they were not mere stopgaps, and he wanted them to take heart and hope, and go to their work with that same confidence which he and his colleagues would go to theirs. He hoped they would encourage each other in the great work Co which they had been call. He also hoped that the Sunday school teachers would realise the immense importance of the work in which they were engaged. He thought that work was very much under- estimated. (Hear, hear.) He was of the opinion that the work of the Sunday school teacher was even a more important work than that of the preacher of the gospel. Proceeding to speak of the work of visitation he ex- pressed the hope Chat any who thought themselves being neglected in this matter should speak to them. He did not believe in finding fault with ministers behind their backs. Mr. Harbottle would take the pastoral visitation connected with Bewsey-road, and Mr. Triggs would have that in connection with Bold-street. In con- clusion he referred to the Sunday services,and remarked that he did not take" half-timers." (Laughter.) Be was not going to argue that very important question now,but they must remember that their presenee in the House of God was an element of strength. Let them give themselves to Ged's grace, and in everything they did,mieht God he with them and in them. (Auplauee.) The Rev. G. EIARBOTTLE said he had been trying to recollect the time when he attended a welcome meeting before, and it carried him back twelve years of his life when in Cardiff. He hoped they had now recognised him and that if they happened to meet him in the streets they would recognise him there. (Applause.) If he passed any of them in the streets it would be their fatelt if they did not stop him. He would not like to pass even a chimney-sweep amongst them without shaking his hand. (Applause.) He had come to Warrington to be at home. He could say that they at Warrington had a very good character from those ministers who had laboured amongst them. He knew a good many of them. Mr. Freeman—(applause)—had been his near neighbour, and Mr. E. H. Jackson—(applauee)—wae also a friend of his as well as his former superintendent —Mr. Gunnell. (Applause.) Hearing such a good report of Warrington he decided to accept their invite- tion,and he wanted to believe that the best spot was that upon which he stood. (Applause.) He had als ) learned the lesson that the best moments were the present moments. He was glad to think that he should occupy Beweey-road pulpit oftee, because he liked preaching to his congregation more than six times a quarter. It was not so much the itinerancy as the itinerancy within the circuit, which he disliked. If a minister only occupied his pulpit three Sundaye in a quarter what chance had he of doing much good? He hoped that he should have to preach more than six ser- mons a quarter to his congregation at Bewsey-road. He had never left any place but with deep regret, and he

The l'ioyal Laundresses say Critchley's " STAIICH GLOSE Is unequalled for imparting a beautiftal finish to starched. men. &c., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.—, Corn- wall, says : —" My wile will not finish. our linen without your- Starch Gloss.' " From Mrs.—, Bradford :—Dear sir,— lam pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called. Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be n.ed in every house. Sold at id., 11., and 6d., by most starch sellers. If not in stock will procure it. T. CRITCULEY, Blackburn . Proprietor.— Advt.

• ,T LES?-&Eil, sr4\T'Pect4.l: P I IL-LS OI FEMALES, QUICKLY CORItECT ALL TugnatTLARITIES, RENOVX ALL orarnucrioss, and ',limethdistrfasing Symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Bezel, 111 i & 2,,9 (the latter contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists, or will he sent , anywhere. on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by the Maker: E. T- TOWLE, Chemist, Nottinghatn. Beware of Intitatilne, injurious and worfjares.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
THOMSON'S

"GLOVE FITTING'

CORSETS,

PERFECTION II! Sold by all Drapers.

One Million Pain Annually.

D 10/6 E 8/6 F 6/6 G 5/- Black is. extra. ALL LONG-WAISTED. Approved by the whole polite

TWELVE FIiST. MEDALS.

_Jt supply you, write direct ;to 112fg FORB-STRE_ , LONDON, 8.C., giving size, and enclosing P. 0.0., and the Corset will at once be sent you. W. S. THOMSON 8: CO., LTD., Manufacturers. Made la Lengthq. 13 14, and 15in. These WORLD RENOWNED CORSETS have a reputation of over 3) years. Present sales larger than ever. A good Stock always on hand at WA RRINGTON...MIss Paur.. KNUTSFORD ...WILDGOOSE. MIDD LEWICH —JOHN DIERDMI, Wheelock-street NORTHWICH

ly2 *ft-, Fin • Guns , If you Draßp;r cannof

===== 0002601_18960912_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
always felt that any place where he lived was his home. Be looked upon life as a great opportunity and his desire was to serve God. (Applause.) The speeches were agreeably interspersed with vocal and instrumental selections. Solos were exceedingly well interpreted by Miss Hannah Brough, and Mr. Levi Richardspn, and Miss J. C. Pigot cleverly executed a pianoforte solo. Light refreshments were handed round after which _ _ _

The Rev. W. G. Tnicias,who was loudly applauded, ii. proposing a vote of thanks to those who had assisted la providing the refreshments and the musical items, said he hoped he should be a loyal colleague, and loyal in every respect to his superintendent. He should do hits work faithfully on the Bold-street side,but he was afraid he should sometimes steal away across the border to his many friends connected with Bewsey-road. (Laughter.) The Rev. W. POTTS seconded the proposition which was unanimously passed. The meeting terminated with the pronouncing of the Benediction.

WARRINGTON TECHNICIL INSTITUTE.

The list of classes for the session 1896-7 has just been prepared, and the arrangements are on similar lines to those which obtained last year. The Continuation School will be under the superintendency of Mr.R.J.Half at People's College, Arpley-st. The school will open three evenings weekly, commencing Monday, 21st Sept. the fees are 2s. 61. a term (14 weeks) or 31. a week. Students who, havirq..! left school some time, wish to recover their knowledge of the ordinary subjects, will find these claves well suited for their purpose. Separate classes are provided for adult students. 13:‘gintiers generally are strongly recommended to join the Contin- uation School for a session before proceed- ing to the Science or Commercial Classes. Prizes and scholarships, tenable in the higher depart- ments. will be awarded at the end of the session.

The School of Art re-opens on Tuesday, Bth September and evening classes will commence on September 21st. 'rise fees are as follows :—Evening classes, elementary, 103. ; advanced, 153. for the session. There are special terms for el.?mentary teachers. For embroidery and woodcarving, the fee is 51. each per term, students of the school, 24. 6i. The headmaster of the school is Mr. C. B. Aylward, and the subjects taught include drawing in outline and in light and shade, geometry, modelling in clay, principles of ornament, design, painting, figure and life-classes, lectures on historic are, embroidery, woodcarving. _ _

The Szliool of Slience and Commercial Clas•s wilt recommence on Monday, 21st September. In addition to the usual classes in commerical and scientific subjects technical classes in iron and steel, tanning, and dress- making, as well as in sloyd woodwork, and music will be fox med.

Soh@larships, enabling Students to continue their studies at the school in another session are given to all who obtain a first-class in the examinations of the Science and Art Department, the Union of Lancashire and Cheshire Institutes, the Society of Arts, or the City and Guilds of London Institute.

The fees will be as fol lows,—For the session(September to May), each lecture class, ss. ; two related subjects, 74. 61., three, 103. ; practical chemistry,lo4. (aavanced, 12s. 6 1., honours, 159.) ; practical metallurgy, 10s. ; sloyd, 103. ; dressmaking, ss. per term ( day class, 10s.) Inclusive Fees are arranged for Science and Art subjects aken together.

Mr. Jacob, the well-knswn curiosity momer of Simla, who is supposed to be the original of Marion Crawtord's " Mr. Isaacs," is dispersing his famous collection, and his mart will soon be a thing of the past. Owing to the aetion of the Indian Government since the Hyderabad diamond case, it is virtually impossible for him to carry on business any longer with the Maharajahs of Native States, who have hitherto been his principal patrons, so he has resolved to retire upon his laurels. A gentleman who was recently shown over Mr. Jacobs private apart- ments states that the description contained in Mr. Craw- ford's book still fits the the drawing-room exactly—" It seemed to me that I was suddenly transported into the subterranean chamber whither the wicked magistrate sent Aladdin in quest of the lamp. A soft but strong light filled the room, though I did not immediately com- prehend whence it came ; nor did I think to look, so amazed was Iby the extraordinary splendour of the object that met my eyes. In the first glance it appeared as if the walls and ceilings were lined with gold and precious stones, and in reality it was almost literally the truth."

===== 0002601_18960912_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE TO MEN.

When you are tired of taki., iuseous and mysterious prescriptions aud compounds, which do you nogond, but only ruin your digestive organs, write to /vie and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK' AND CERTAIN cure for lost strength, wasting weakness. &c., from whseve cause arisin,. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTUIC- ITY. Sent 7in enyolope receipt of two stamps for postage A. J.LEIGH, 92-93. Great Russell-street, London. W.O

===== 0002601_18960912_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
********* SORTING, PACKING, 3.c. SENDINC-OFF.

~.6....:3.-: * are the final operations of the anxious Plan- -. ter. after the actual manufai.iture of his Tea finished. AP. 4r, is nished. The sorting is <lane by selves (i of varyi nit mesh, which sift the lea( accord- , to its size into several grades, the cAief of • ,•( *which are k nowa respectively as Orange ' Pekoe, (this word rhymes with ' echo') 311( *Pekoe, Dr..)ke_n rekoe, ee.koe-Soucliong, and Sonchoag. Bach grade he then finally re- - .1 fined, to drive off any moisture it may have '..dirk• *i absorbed from the air (luring sifting, then Ati weighed, put immediately and whilst still * warm into lead-lined chests, shaken into 77 place, the lead soldered down to make all AIL . .. . . . .. _ .. _ . -

air-tight, the lid nailed on and the chest *brawled with the gardeu-mark and the qual- ity of the ten. sad then desoatched to mar- ket. At last his tea is off the Planter's 459, hands, and then the price 'twill bring is on * his mind! . *But there's never any need for you and ~ your neighbours to be anxious, about the * * price of tea tor BROOKS, BONDS' AGENTS Alt

sell it always at the same prices lh 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 2/-,2/4, &2/8 al9ll. A LB. *And the quality of each tea never varies ; it's ever unifarm. arta h.'s guaranteed. by Ar

*our signature and registererr sell on every plcket, to be the very best nut you ctn buy Alx anywnere at the price.

ilr * BROOKE, BOND & GO. LIMITED. 4c,

THB LANCASHIRE TBA WAIIE HO USES, * 17. PICCADILLY, l „A. * 29. HARKF.T STREET I .'"-A3CRESTE".• * ,• I*.).*

===== 0002601_18960912_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
11: !%1 , :,, III,) i'V' .1 ''''' 1

F

I•Fl,til :: , ~ 1 v, . ,'4.,. ! . 14,,i*5.1:-

[rtil ! ~,,, )1. 'ilk

:71 "• • /.. ` "

• *Li' PI , • .•

441 i I: . ii, 1 :vk ' I,' i ~ _, . , , It; ..,

i,. 1141 :1., ?';-, „. 1 i ~• ~1;.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0036.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
+.1!:

===== 0002601_18960912_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
ebe "6mutt= " Sierle3s OF LA.NCISHIE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPTPERS: Comprises THE Warrington and Mid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Exam:nor, published every Friday -1 afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Saturday Morning, and T. HE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday morning.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPAID ADVERTISEIdENTS,

SLTUATIONS WANTED, AP.ART3fENTB TO BR LET, SLTUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APA.RTALENTS WANTED MONEY WANTED,

SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SA.LE BY PRIVATE CONTRA.CT

MISCELL A NEOUS WANTS.

TIOL'SES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD.

One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54 he above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Advertis 4, merit inserted on credit under 28. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Momeatt giterbantss. Scr.

GENERAL, good, strong. Wanted, at once.—MOIINTAIN DEW, Miller-street, Manchester.

'ANTED. Strong GIRL as Nurse, age about 16.—Apply Mrs. Moßosx, Leigh-road, Leigh, Lancashire.

TAT ANTED, good General SERVANT, able to wash and ,T V bake.—Apply 4, May-street, Lawkholme, Keighley.

WANTED reliable general servant,plain ecoking,washing; small family: £l3.—Mrs. WHYANT, Winton, near

2danchester,

mr ANTED a plain Cook ; also a Housemaid. Apply stating age and wages.—Mrs. M. ELLISON, Barber Wood, Rotherham.

NVANTED at once a few good GRNRRALS.—Miss BARNES, Ladies' Registry, 72, Whalley-read, Accring- ton, Lancashire.

COOK. and HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS for doctor's hous e six in family. Boy lives in house.—Apply Mite ERASER, Clitheroe.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
QEIIVANT WANTED, a good General, Age 19 to 20. ),J Protestant —Apply 6, WESLEY-ST., off Upper Stanhope- street, Liverpool.

-147 ANT ED, a female SERVANT; a good milker.—Apply JOHN l'ommasoN, Nadiffeaves Farm, Crawsbawbooth near Raw tenstall.

NV ANTED tilltL, to do housework; also Cook-Geaeral.— T State wages and references. HAWTHORN, Quesa-at.. Well,ngton. balop.

NIRTANIED at once good General SERVANT ; trustworthy; ' small family ; wages £l4.—Mrs. BerrE, 4, Westville- avenue, Ilkley, Yorks.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED, Honest G-I-NEHAL SURVANT, about la or 20, somfortable home, two IK family. • 23t GARNETT, ST., Hightown, Manchester.

IMMEDIATELY, COOK, wages £2i ; also Waitresses, Laundry Maids and superior Generals.--Apply Nis 3 IluDsoN's Registry, Irlarn-street, Warrington.

WANTED COORS and GENERAL SRVANTS, with good character:, can be suited at once.—Mß. PREFcr..'s tiegistry Office, Greenfield, Shrewsbury.

COOK.—WANTED, respectable Girl as Cook, for family of three, in country; Protestant; must have good refer- ence.- Reply statlng age, experience, and wages, to lifts. OLAMC, lhornbui, Aughton, near Liverpool.

Al ALE and FEMALE NURSES INbTITUTION, 70, Hope- A street, Liverpool.—Establ shed 1878.—For reliable Attendants Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage. apply or telegr ph.—“ 1\ urges," Liverpool. Telephone, b7O

===== 0002601_18960912_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Manteb.

AGENTS WANTED to push first-class Machiuery 011 a, Liberal commission.—Box 31, Post Office. Liverpool.

OARPENTERS. JOINERS.—Few good experienced and reliable hands wanted. —Apply WARD, builder, Ports- mouth.

WANTED large quantities good APPT 1"3, also small sours for jam, Plums, etc. —H ENRi HREAD. B oreugh Market, London.

BRICKLAYBRS WANTED at New Cottage Homes, dco., Styal, near Wi'mslow, 9d. per hour; 12 months' work, no strike

-pp 7. AR MEDALS Wanted. dated 1848 or earlier; sovereign Y each given ; more tor r4rer varieties.—Major Tomas,

Droltwich

GOOD EARNINGS at home by the HARRISON PATENT ING MACHIN i 8.-48, UPPER BROOK-STREET, Xanchrster.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
T oAm MO ULDERS.—Wanted 1 or 2 men, Experienced in 1/ Chemical Pans, WoODWARD AND ASRWoRTH, Bradford, Manche( er.

BOX and Parking-ease MAKERS Wanted; regular work ter good handa.—PERRY and Co., Limited, Camden- TOw. Dublin.

IinTANTED, JOINiR4. used to Steam Joinery, must be V good men; constant employment.—UßANTS (Limited), 'Kings Norton.

WA N'VED AGHNTS in every town to sell the Kensington Biot Cream anctjVerdigris destroyer. —J. A. RAE, 25, liall-lane, Liverpoot.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
BL'li SU IT El I4D.NTICD • an improver. "to live j." ti r Country ehtp, at once.—Apply JOHN Cox. Higher NIMpAs. Cheshire.

"VMPVdt,NT tor either sex. whole or spare time; openi, g ; send J. for foimple.-111E NlANifir.n. 2, Weleh-road, Sonthsea.

QMA SYN DICA.TE now forn•ing to place proprietery Isj at t iCI,3 CU:the m4rktt. Total wanted £2OO. —C. MILLER, 32. Great Lontion.

emd Bricitlayers Wanted; no strike ; wages pn accommodation provided.—Apply, C °RAY HILL, Builder, Coventry. - - -

_ W TED, thoro%gh GENERAL. about 2) ; send refer- situation and wages receited.—A. BAY- •LEY, . on. Salop.

you:NG &lAN WANTED. 355. per week and eGmmissie,, ; regular wo-lc pendt4 peaing.—Address, ComPo 'WORKS, Farnw art h, Eoltun. Lanes.

rANTE.D.—Every Lady to write to Bradford and Man- /A ell, ter Warehouse Co.. Halifax, for Patterns of New Mee:, NieBri3,l3 ; six yarils cintible width 3s. 11d. Ladles Tailt,r-modJ Ccstnn..es, ia. fd.

-- rri-lOUSAADS makibg too ,ey fast ; no canvassing. nothing j to se;i ; ine.tes goil. Pa-ticulars 3d.—tiulr ec Co., altot rwii tt -y wera. Ota.swr, Swansea. _ . --.- -- "VA:, AYIRD, 11_,-EY: t.) Lurse, in good comfortab:e healthy To" home ; excettent rrt.-rences.—Address TURTON, 324, Nottiqiebarn-roaci, I:kest,u ii rbyshire.

fraliA.oo9l,ll:jl76 ,:;.,n7u-nencing ; See illustrated Guide _ll.. and Cat gut (259 p iges) 3,I.—TOBACCONISTS. OUTFITT- ING Co., 186 Vuitton-road, Ludon. (50 years reputation) .11ianqg4,r, HENRI MICIN.

AT thr :

?i.S.NT It wants Agents to sell his TEA among ; full pexttpul .rs and favourable terms on , for ',1!..11, a, &.—Apply PLANTER, C/0 D. vt, ; ''rLi.

appEcAti Rober,

WA;

- Old kli,iges, Military Relics, and Priats wautoi £lO and upwards given •inions. p,irtii,g with auy of these obtain Kew.. '

us4A•fi,e

Ck- rf

NI

Om,-1 OYMENT-- . E; a week mn be easily enrnecl 11 , by.eil`Aer wing, the new Premier Knitter; knit st,el,ings, • sow- s, cornt &C. For particulars app'.,. to hi': toTnwELT., 1. Sand 5, Slarket-st., B olton. 11 TrOstworthy W /MIMS, of either sex, desiring •,wol:paying h,nie emo ayment. should at once for- ward. • tamped -f..irer•te tn vope to PUBLISHING OPPicit, 25, Pn.on6rpton-rond, Witnotedon, burn y. Established Ism

rifles Appointmtints. Stlaries £7O to £lOO ; revonnenee ; wanteA Young Men to pr- - Customs, &o. ; no payment until TAb,Y, 48, Lint,a-st., islingtun,

‘,/ tinn part to suct Lon

TkT'hip k

(Ii

A J... I. iLtSuN p ej t good e.location, ;mat office .y, Junior clerks, Clerks, to that of Secretary, age .tre. gm, 'teed exe,l,ent Situr.tious ; trorn 14s to particulars Mr. TILDES- Lkyci... S.W.

T;i6P,4jCl6)l, tiovezt.mt

Mures. permanent. Local 1 tor intelligent men over 2.351 a year ;candidates coached 4.n by certifiF-d inspector. Write tUtharri. uoatid:

alart,,s £I2J

fer roc= g: for ortict-r tO

are, SITUATIOS as assistant e3a,. wine ',Le,.pidt busineerh Bottle and ot -red. nung genti,m,in, at present 'res; in :At filahi, climate does aipply viNrENT, 11, Viradbrough-toad,

Y. TED, in or near Ctit 1 t

order lerweiltPr

In haw:_v in,

Spirit t

not flit Ad

Mlefflettl

- SQ TAO D 04.1 i D 0 BA.IiRI, eonapo,er i.f the world-re alio-sued • ()IA Urigade :and '•e,iiadow o he Crosa," &C. direct sr relipOree e-,:.•cat,ct LADY ,and (itI,NILIiAAN A - ~,A.h:goo.l voices. to train in Ji latd ch of) 1 . ram onto II ematato,l3,o pnnils, rAan, In leftding posi- ions• engagoineute guftrailleed. All communieft, tons pT;s4;4ud eent..:mtial, by appoietritent. only,— 60

A'4ri ri',ENITERITASSETZ, Auctioneer Ades!-: Abergarnsiy,and Crialthowel .< owl ur..o-prantice, including wee'6ls, stock ~4ey f loung fiefuleman of good education as fat b. Pr.unium ; sr. unuswiti opportunity (I Idrgnehut the prof cssiou; Dim ern mid solicitors' :i,c;xaogea ; good opening for one anxious to :snces horn former pup; is.

rt &ifl'l

===== 0002601_18960912_art0045.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.*DNB

===== 0002601_18960912_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
rllO LA.DIES, MOTHBRS, AND, DAUGHINN.S.— A Married Lady having had a life-lorg exieerience in all ailments, particular to the female sex, will be p;ens'ed to forward to any lady (on teceipt of stamped directed envelope) proofs and particulars of a certain fet.,al,. Medicine for the speedy and positive cure for all forms if irr:golerities and .-bstru tions no matter how caused or long,s!iin Write far testimonials, proofs, &c., of my. remedy Wq. Its cored the roost hopeless cases in a few hours, es t .i.s in the iron obstinate case. Do not be led by w.,rtl, advertis-ments, but write to me. who tho oitl lunders,tailds your case. This rem dy causes no petit or i r.,,II:tl1011 what- aver.—Manvir La AX. 2, Berkley Villa, Ii 1, Middle- sex.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
lifitattlantoug.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
btorko, usintsssts, ttr.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IHisrellantous.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
ligarbintrp, &L., oil gnit.

WEIGHING MACHINE for Sale, to weigh Carts,Wagons or Cattle.—EaowNniLL, & Soxs, Walsall. x

BOILER TANK, in spb.ndid condition; 23ft 3in long* t 6in oliameter ; cheap. —Btmcocx, Lowldll, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Es bt Let.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
epars,

===== 0002601_18960912_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
Apartintntss, SurnWbtbr focusktil • uY. eN. tNaOrßplTyHt4 NET AIFIS COAST.n e nToLoiPwuyrnni she:

===== 0002601_18960912_art0054.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Itss bp Ruction.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0055.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
iutlvOtork, scr.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0056.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_18960912_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
IT is very probable that withift The Eastern the next few days the indigotv, Problem. tion which has been excite° amongst the English people, irrespective of sect or party,by the Turkish massacres will make itself heal in a very effective fashion through the medium public meetings. From every side there col unmistakeable indications of a widespread bell° that the time for action has come. Even O. most optimis tic or pro-Turkish of people beginning to see that nothing is being gain whilst much is being lost by delay. The theoll that the Sultan is really a well-meaning moilare) striving against adverse circumstances to secor.° the peace and well-being of his dominions ° played out. It is now clearly seen that Ano°.f‘ HAMID is neither more nor less than an " assess° upon a thron e,"—to use the vigorous words of gf. GLADSTONE. He has been the instigator of 08 recent atrocious massacres of his Armenian stilY t jects, and there is good reason for believing ths- 0 he be left to himself for a few weeks or moot% longer he is quite equal to perpetrating deedseee more atrocious than those which have shocked whole of Christendom. While there was a Postt bility that abstention from interference raig's lead to an improvement in the condition of tholt in Turkey, there was a good deal to be said PO ch policy of masterly inactivity, but there is no so possibility now. The Sultan does not show 311J0 sign of repentance nor any desire to improve uPer the past. Hehas slain by fire and sword nurobeo less thousands of defenceless and har°ll..,d Armenians, and now he is actually endeavotal to deport from Constantinople th ose who esel!d the slaughter. As nearly the whole of the wreten, people are entirely without any means of so" ,or ence this plan of deportation is really a schenw getting rid by starvation and pestilence a tbcAltho who were not destroyed by the clubs and st- knives of;the Turkish rabble. There is another fool ters which the Government of this country Governments of other civilised countries calli overlook. Hitherto the murdered people ". ts with few exceptions, been Armenians and 6°llol of the Ottoman Government. But the falir`ated hatredon tohfeArmenian theT u Turks is Christians. notexclusively Christinc e° ' other creeds and other nationalities aro regsed 03• or with equal detestation, and many wigl4of 'at;,s i o of ci p

===== 0002601_18960912_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
tothorit Xassacri toot. ' whetted a rnassas Powers

terferen Weald f ;Ind the °Pened i tettle m el tolerati(

13Ztandee

his hug Bonally With th much 10 wanted strengtl fuse bol Moters

raeneed Party taking. Prove tl govern' count,' leasly b. on a zaonarcl

The . Londonl 4 redue With th la to a' Council We reql lectly have pi Itailwa: Pletion

Onside 'ridwa itest e than

been in the oth that thr and f: The m, the qu,

aiderat sired

It is bY the ken w

horses, Ponies

T for 0 Y I a.o„,'

'lt lea.

LI • (0 II Li 1 3. 1 0, Ii • • 1 1 L • 3 ;I V 14 2. it 1* V a Co S f If of eke. bile rison aagis vaste Ind t ' Warrin Ret "Outfit. -412 id a

===== 0002601_18960912_art0059.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A

===== 0002601_18960912_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
LAWN MOWERS

_ :ERS OW LAWN MOWBV

Makers tr)H.M. the Que,ft s the Prince If Wales. [LENS MESSOR "LAW IPROVED WHEELS AND TEEL CHAINS. OTHER PATTERNS. o' hers, and are the _

===== 0002601_18960912_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
BEST IN THE ‘,VOELD.

upwards of thirty yen% awn EST PRIZI3 which haa been

all the Royal Garden and

long grass, bents, Sr 3., we or

LIT IS GUARANTEED 'satisfaction, t once Free of COST to the &SER. ble Ironmongers and Seeis. sr from the Manufacturers. LIMITED, ,NWORKS,. LEEDS,

ARS ROAD, LONDON iS•I/1 ipal Railway Stations in tiie ngdom. h Testimonials., Free or tion.

AND, NGER, WARRINGTON,

DUTTON,

EARLESTOWN. ARLAND).

lIILDRHS IRONMOZIGO

le Celebrated ;XCELLIOR, EUREVO J'ROSS CYCLES. :NS MESSOR ' LAWN JERS, GARDEN sEATS, FORKS, ETC., IBLE PRICES.

Estimates Prect

"ST HOUSE

N AND SON,

1(3111NA, LINEN and IERS, beg to inform the Public generally WAREHOUsE, 15, IPOOL, IS NOW CH STOCK of their WOVEN DATJASK :INS, SHEETING, iLLING. CAMBRIC EFS, also GhNTLE- IS, and CUFFS, and N'S UNDERCLOTH- Ifacture, all of which MANUFACTURERS' to Call and Inspect.

N AND SO

SIANUFACTUZER3.

LIVERPOOL.

UL REMEDI &INTS, INDIGESTION, WOO' DEPRESSION, IRRITABILYTY, r.. DYSPEPSIA. HEARTHLIBI. &D. perient Medicine,

'S PILLS,

'ay. have a box by wet tp ailing on the part of WO ig attention to the regale:: loweis,,,au a severe eut 7e a healthy tone and vifthe the necessary organs o teir activity, thus restorulg NI and strengthening the

green packet. Do not 10 y other medicine instead. [IT, 173, Seymour Place.

" &filo CouNTT NEwspApERS•

:heshire Examiner, ptlir ing. Pri .Examiner, publishee

lublished every FridOi

üblished every &tor

Hailed every Sa turdal

RTISEMENTS. Three Six Weeks. Weeks. is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. is. 10d. ... 35. Od. 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. 3s. ld. ss. 04. 3s. Bd. ... 65. Od. MENT only. No advertlW der 2s. per insertion.

•

===== 0002601_18960912_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
MINER.

BER 12th, 1896.

probable that withil3 ew days the indigne: ;11 has been excitO , irrespective of sect nti .es will make itself hesrut rough the medium ca' rery side there cane If a widespread belief has come. Even tbe lurkish of people arei hing is being gsine.l by delay. The thend veil-meaning moriareb cumstances to secure of his dominions any seen that ABDCI' less than an assassiO vigorous words of P. the instigator of tl/0 )f his Armenian silt; m for believing that few weeks or montbe lerpetrating deeds even ,hich have shocked 61! ile there was a P°56,:; n interference 'nig"; he condition of thing' deal to be said fpr , but there is no sne" a does not show Of esire to improve lel .4) and sword nurabe: ;elms and harnile' ctually endeavouring „ed pie th ose who escsr-d whole of the wretelle ist• any means of subs r is really a scheme f°o pestilence of tilt° the clubs and w There is another ras A this country sod Pot sed countries ce.Ofe, Lrdered people hsets latenians and sabiletii ;. But the fa°tikeel elusively concentrav of stians. Christians jeci malities are regs6l many well-409°v-

tithoritios predict that an attempt at a general kltssacre of Christians might break out at any mo- eient. The Turkish appetite for blood has been Whetted but it has not yet been satiated. If such 1 Massacre were to be attempted the European' Powers would be bound to interfere, but their in 1 terference would be too late. The Turkish empire Weuld fall to pieces amidst a chaos of bloodshed end the dreaded Eastern question would be re- °Pened in a manner which would make a peaceable settlement almost impracticable. If the singular toleration which the "Concert of Europe" has extended to the Sultan is due to the fear of re- °Pening the Eastern Question, it is about time that the said "Concert" re-considered its posi- tson. It is daily becoming more evident that What is needed in order to prevent the re-open- lag of that perilous question in a very dangerous forra is prompt and well-considered action. It hems now as though nothing short of the deposi- tion of the Sultan and the placing of the Turkish government under some sort of European guaran- tee will boa sufficient remedy for the evils that have ePrung up. The.: sooner some movement in that iirection is made the better. If things are allowed to drift owing to the timidity or mutual jealousies of the Powers until a great crisis doe 3 come, as !Rae it must sooner or later, it will be next to iinpossible to find a peaceful solution of the difficulties. Hence the need for one or Other of the leading European governments to take a firm and resolute course, and there is no government which is better entitled or better able to take such a course than the Government ef this country. Lord SALISBURY has shown y his language on several occasions that he is per- Sonally in favour of dealing in a stringent manner 'With the Sultan, buthitberte his actions have been tauch less vigorous than his words. What is now wanted in this country is some movement to strengthen the Prime Minister's hands and to in- fuse boldness into his foreign policy. The pro- rooters of the agitation that is about to be corn- Menced will certainly not attempt to make any Party capital out of the action they are taking. What they will endeavour to do is to Prove to our own government and to the other governments of Europe that the people of this country are determined not to stand idly and help- lessly by while Christians are being exterminated °4 a wholesale scale by a vicious and fanatical Monarch.

The Runcorn District Council in petitioning the London and North-Wester n Railway Company for reduction in the bridge tolls are moving distinctly With the times. The tendency of the present age le to abolish tolls where possible, and -hile the Council cannot hope to have the bridge -e free It's request to have some reduction made is per- fectly reasonable. The bridge must of necessity llave paid for itself over and over again, and the Ilailway Company might without any serious de pletion of their great income make an appreciable !`eduction in the fare. A tax of is. weekly on the Ilicome of the average workmen for the privilege of tossing the bridge to reach his work is a matter of considerable moment in days when work is scarce kid wages low. If the Council succeeds in this its littest enterprise, the ratepayers will have much to be thankful for.

It may be mentioned that two attempts have baen made to secure a reduction, one in 1884 and the other in 1889. Now in 1896 the Council ask that the fare be reduced to one penny each way and from is. to sixpence per week on the contract The memorial points out the several vital points in the question from a Runcorn point of view and makes out a strong case for the Council. Perhaps the railway company will give their serious con- sideration to the matter and bring about the de- Sired result.

At the meeting of the District Council Dr.Gastaldi again brought the work of the Trades Committee Itto evidence, by asking who ther anything had yet 13een done by that committee. Mr. Speakman, in %ewer, vaguely referred to work being done by in- members of the committee in the private tipacity and, while inclined to generalise ld out some hops of improvement the alleged dullness of trade. It is only a few weeks since we pointed out the helplessness of the committee, and the members of it including kr. Speakman, seem to be realising their delicate Position in dealing with private firms. The com- xaittee as a body can do little or nothing though the personal influence of townsmen both on and off may count for something.

It is a pleasure to see cruelty punished as it was bY the Runcorn magistrates on Monday. Two boat- were proved to have worked two ponies, after repeated warnings,a distance of 27 miles in a condi- tlon which gave the inspector sufficient grounds to tesert that it was a gross act of cruelty. This is by 110 means an isolated case of cruelty to canal boat horses,but no doubt the punishment meted out—to 'William Forster, 103. and cost for working the Ponies:and John Forster 20s. and costs for causing them to be worked—will encourage the officials' of the society to keep a strict look out for similar offenders.

Local magistrates cannot be congratulated on their strict attention to magisterial business at /Itincorn last Monday. At eleven o'clock the usual hour for commencing court work the only justice of the peace present was Mr. A. J. Norman and that Rentleman sat wait;.ng in solitary state for a good half of an hour. Meanwhile, excited policemen ran- Backed the town for a colleague for Mr. Norman, 'while court officials idled the time away and Prisoner's waited in dismal expectancy for the taagistrates who did not come. After considerable Waste of time Mr. Lightburn put in an appearance hnd the work of the court was speedily transacted.

RUNCORN VOLUNTEERS AT HARTFORD.

Through the closing of the shooting range at Runcorn the annual prize meeting of the F. and G. Co.s of the 2nd Earl of Chester's Volunteer Regiment was held on Mon- day at Hartford. The atmospheric conditions were net conducive to high scoring as the weather was very dull, though fine. About 52 competitors took part. Captain G. F. Ashton and the Rev. Dr. Preston were present. The following are the prize winners and tkeir scores made :

DETACEMENT COMPETITION. 200yde.500.08.603vd5. T'tal. Colour-Sergeant Mort 26 ... 31 ... 32 ... 89 Private J Houghton 29 ... 33 ... 26 ... 88 Sergeant T Edwards Sergeant W H Harvey Sergeant J. A Rushtoa 26 ... 29 ... 27 ... 82 Private S Joynson Lance-Corporal Matthews 2B ... 31 ... 22 ... 81 Sergeant W B Cooper 27 ... 29 ... 24 ... 80 Private S Thompson Private S Garrett Lance-Sergeant W Neild Private J Sadler Corporal W H Gaskell Lance-Corporal C Bradbury Corporal 11 Foulkes Private J Mort Private J. F Edwards Lance-Corporal C Temple Private 13 S Stubbs Lance-Sergeant S Gitteas Private JF Le Couteur Lane--Corporal ti H Gatley Private W Gregory Private W Fat ter Lance-Corporal 0 Glover Bugler P Mort , Corporal P Turner l Sergeant J W Woodland ' Lance-Sergeant W H Phcenix Private T Chamberlain RECRUITS.

100yds. 203vds. T'tal. Private H Shingler Private W Pullen 25 ... 23 ... 4S Private S Upton 2B ... 19 ... 47 Private 3W Hulse Private 0 H Timmins l4 ... 21 ... 35 Private J Mack 2O ... 14 ... 34 Private F J Speakman l6 ... 15 ... 31 Private T Curzon 2O ... 10 ... ZO Private W Griffiths l4 ... 15 ... 29 Private W Marsh Private F2l Livingstone 7 ... 7 ... 14

EXTRA SERIES Five shots at 200, any position. Private J. Houghton, 24 points; Colour-Sergt. J. Mort, 24 ; Sergt. W. IL Harvey, 23; Private C. Garrett, 22; Sergt. John Cailighan, 21; Private J. F. Edwards, 21 ; Private W. Cooper, 21 ; Sergt. Edwards,2l ; Private S. Joynson, 21; Private W. Griffiths, 21 ; Lance-Cor- peral C. Bradbury, 20; Sezgt. W. Cooper, 20; Corporal Turner, 20; Lance-Sorgt. W. Neild, 20; Lance-Sergt, J. Z. Gittens, 20 ; Sergt. Rushton, 20 ; Sergt. J. W. Wood- land, 20; Lance-Corporal Matthews, 20 ; Lance-Corporal C. Glover, 20; Private W. Forster, Lance-Sergt. Pbcenis Private T. Chamberlain, Private J. Sadler, Lance-Cor- poral Temple, Private S. Thompson, Private J. Mort, Colonr-Sergt. Poole, Private J. W. Hulse, Private T. Hedgcock, Corporal Foulkes, Private Marsh, Private Stubbs, Corporal Walker, Private Shingle, Private J. F. Le Couteur, Private W. Gregory,Lance-Corporal Galley, Private Gresty, Private Marsh. DRILL. 7 COMPANY. Shoot- To-

Drills ing tat Sergeant J A Rushton Private S Joynson Colour-Sergeant Mort lBl ... 56 ... 741 Lance-Corporal Matthews Private J Mort l5l ... 52 ... 731 Lance-Sergeant Gittens Private C Garrett l6l ... 52 ... 691 Private JF Le Couteur Sergeant Woodland lBl ... 51 ... 651 Lance-Corporal Glover ~, ____ . ___ 18 ... 57 ... 65

===== 0002601_18960912_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
0 COMPANY.

Sergeant Harvey _ . 19 ... 61 ... 80 Sergeant W Cooper l9/ ... 60 ... 701 Sergeant D Bdwards Private Ed war 4 s Colour-Sergeant Poole Colour-Sergeant J Houghton Private Sadler Lance-Corporal Bradbury Corporal R Foulkes Private W Gregory

===== 0002601_18960912_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

TEUNDERSTORIL AT RUNCORN.

A rather severe thunderstorm passed over the Runcorn district on Wednesday aecompanied by vivid flashes of lightning and a heavy fall of rain. No damage is re- ported. THE CLOSING OF THE SHIP CANAL TIDAL OPENINGS.

We underatand that the Ship Canal Company have entered into a contract with Mr. Frank Colson, contrac- tor of Frodaham and Ellesmere Ports,f or closing the tidal openings at Runcorn, the Weaver and Ellesmere Port, and that the work will be commenced at once.

RUNCORN WESLIYAN CIRCUIT.

The Rev. R. J. Clifton, the newly-appointed minister to the Runcorn Wesleyan circuit commenced his duties on Sunday last. He preached in the morning at Halton- road Chapel, and in the evening in St. Paul's Chapel. At both services there were good attendances and the preacher created a favourable impression.

VISIT OF MR. W. H. JUDi TO RUNCORN.

A visit was announced for October 7th of this eminent muaician who will give a musical evening in the Public Hall, Runcorn, on the evening of that date. Mr. Jude's reputation is well known and his recent sacred musical services in Liverpool and the North of England, have drawn large gatherings. Anyone going to hear Mr. Jude's " Musical reminiscences " will not be dis- appointed. RUNCORN SHOP ASSISTANTS V. RUNCORN WHITISTAR. This match was played on the Slop Assistants ground on Wednesday afternoon. Minshull kicked off for the shop men. Just before half time Minshull got the ball from a scrimmage an passed to Nixon who scored a clever try for the horse team. In the second half S. Fearnett of the White Star, fifteen passed to P. Fearnett who managed to get over the line. Neither of the tries were converted so that the game ended in a draw. THE PROPOSED CO-OPERATIVE TOBACCO MANUFACTURY.

The local committee of the Co-operative Stores have received a communication froiri the Wholesale Society. Mr. Brodriek, the secretary, in his letter says, " the committee have this matter under consideration and before any definite action is taken as regards site your letter will be submitted to them and we will communi- cate with you further. It may be some little time before dezided steps are taken." The Runcorn committee are doing everything possible to bring the manufactury to this locality and it is hoped that their efforts will be successful. PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHAPEL, RUNCORN.

The harvest services were held in this chapel 1 ast Sun day when the Rev.W.Fidoe,the newly-appointed pastor, preached three sermons during services held in the morn- ing, afternoon, and evening. The church was appro- priately decorated with fruit,flowers,and vegetables,and the choir contributed special music. Good congregations assembled, and collections were taken on behalf of the circuit fund. On Monday evening a tea party was held which was well attended. RUNCORN SONS OF TEMPERANCE.

The members of the above order which holds its meet- ings fortnightly gathered on Saturday night in the Greenway-road Sunday scbool, the meeting being held under the presidency of Mr. George Holt. Addresses were given by the following officers and members :—Messrs. S. M. Temperley (Northwich), Thomas J. Holt, Daniel Bisbrowne,Thomas Cooke, Thomas Heesom ,and Edward Kay. BETHESDA CHURCH HARVEST FESTIVAL, RUNCORN. The celebration of the harvest home was held in the Bethesda Congregational Church, Runcorn, on Sunday, when sermons were preached appropriate to the occa- sion by the Rev. J. Simpson, pas:or. The church was nicely decorated with choice flowers and fruit. Amongst the items in an elat orate programme of music rendered by the choir were the sales :—"Trust in God," given by Mr. W. Gowanlock,and 'The Holy City," by Mr. E. Worrall. The collections were in aid of the Church funds.

TEMPERANCE LECTURES IN THE RUNCORN BOARD SCHOOL.

During the week Mr. J. J. Jakemans a lectnrer asso- ciated with the Band of Hope Union, has been giving lectures on temperance to the elder scholars attending the Runcorn Day Schools. The subject of the lectures was the effect of alcohol on the human system, and the lecturer aided his arguments in favour of abstinence by the exhibition of diagrams, illustrations, and experi- ments, showing the different effects of strong drink. The scholars are invited to compile essays on the subject matter of the lecture, and such lectures will be for- ward, d to the lecturer, who guarantees certificates of merit for the best composition.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
A RIINCORNII- AN'S SINGULAR MANIA.

On Saturday morning, Jamt,s Mdlington was brought before Messrs. G. L. Davies and F. J. Norman, at Run- corn Police Court, on a charge of being drunk and dis- orderly in Church-stre t on the previous day. P.C. Wylie state(' that at 3.30 on Friday afternoon he was on duty in Wellington-street, when he was told there was a man out of his mind in Chunh-street, and kicking at the doer of Mr. Cooke's house. The man was very abusive, said he wanted relief, and that tif. would not go away. He was obliged to loch him up. Prisoner said he would hang for Mr. Cunnan.—Mr. Cooke stated that the row he kicked up was abominable. During the last three weeks he had given Millington two orders for admission into the house. When under the influence of drink he had a mania for the Workhouse, and the master of that institution was in fear and trembling when he presented himself, owing to his conduct.—Prisoner, having a long list of previous convictinns recorded against him, was now sent to Knutsferd for one month with hard labour.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM.

UNION CHURCH P.S.A.— An open meeting in connec- tion with this body took place last Sunday, the pastor, the Rev. A. H. Sayers, presiding. Sacred solos were given by Miss J. S. Linnaker of Frodsham, and an ad- dress was delivered by Mr. J. Wood of Wilmslow. Col- lections were taken on behalf of the funds.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE EXAMINER SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12 1896.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT IIA.RE AND FOAL SOCIETY.

PRESENTATION TO MR. F. HARWOOD,

===== 0002601_18960912_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
ANNUAL SHOW.

Fine weather favoured the seventh annual show in connection with the Warrington and District Mare and Foal Society which was held in Walton ' Park on Thursday, by kind permission of Lady Greenall. It would be difficult, perhaps, to find a more desirable spot in the district for such a show than Walton Park, which in itself is a great attrac- tion and well repays a visit. When tired of gazing at the flue show of horses, the visitor was allowed to inspect the fine piggeries and stables belonging to Sir Gilbert Greenall,or to wander about the well- wooded park. A visit to the piggeries where some of the finest pigs in the country are to be seen, con- vinces one—as was aptly remarked—that even a pig-sty can be kept clean. With regard to show itselt,it may be stated that this year there was a diminution of entries frona 223 last year to 193 this year. This may be accounted for by the fact that Lord Egerton, and also Mr. Chadwick, of Runcorn, refrained from entering in order to give the others a better chance of gaining prizes. The show ground was opened shortly before ten o'clock, and the judging of shires and light horses was commenced and continued until one o'clock. The animals were led out into a ring, the outside of which was crowded with spectators, and this appeared to be the most attractive feature of the work of the morning. At two o'clock the judging of harness and tradesmen's turnouts was begun. Owing to the uniform excellence ' of the exhibits this was no easy task, and the same re- mark applies to the shires and lieht horses. The best shire mare in the show was adjudged to be "May Queen," the property of Mr. James Mercer, Halebank, near Widees, and she won the special prize of 2£5, as well as the silver cup for the best filly. The challenge cup for the best shire exhibit in the first fifteen classes was won by Mr. Joseph Leather, of Ditton Bank, Dit- ton. near Wines, who showed a fine chesnut mare, and he was closely run for the prize by Mr. Charks Taylor, of Hough Green with his "Hough Green Fashion." The silver cup for the beat mare with foal at foot, open to tenant farmers within seven miles of Warrington was awarded to Mr. George Priestner, of Bed wort:i Heath, for his hunter " In the class for the best and neatest tradesmen's turnout, there was much competi- tion, and some good turnouts were slauwn. Mr. John Cooper, of Cernhill, Warrington, succeeded in gaining the first prize; the Warrington Co-operative Society, second ; Wigan Coal and Iron Company, third; and Henry Milling and Company, Limited, fourth. The quality of the horses shown during the day was said to be quite up to the average. The efficials of the society are to be congratulated on the success of the show. They are as follows : Presi- dent : Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart ; vice-president : Syl- vanus Reynolds, Esq. ; committee: Messrs. Richard Ainscough, T. Ball, Win. Bradford, H. Broadbent,Alfred Broome, Richard Clark, Thomas Charnock, J. E. Davies, Rd. Fairclough, Wm. Fairhurst, Cyril Greenall, H. Greenough, James Gould, John Halsall, W. H. Jones, Wm. Long, J. Mainwaring, Hy. Mawdsley, Hy. Milling, W. Richardson, Col. Ridgway, Mr. Joseph bhakeshaft, Mr. James Tinsley, jun., Major Walker Jetin White. Hon. secretary, Mr. Colin Mac Iver ; hon treasurer, Mr. Joseph Knowles ; secretary, Mr. H. Beresford Melville. The judges were :—For shire horses : Mr. Henry Smith, Cropwell Butler, near Nottingham, and Mr.W.H. Potter, Ullesthorpe,Rugby ; light horses and turnouts: Mr. Walter C. Tinsley, The Kennels, Ashbourne, and Captain Griffith, Tiresford, Tarporley ; consulting veter- inary surgeons : Mr. Hugh Ferguson, F.R C.V.S., War- rington,and Mr. Joseph Welsby, F.R.C.V.S.,West Derby, Liverpool ; stewards : shire classes, Messrs. John Weir, Peter Knowles,James Gould,Arthur Pimblott, and James Warburton, jun. ; light classes and turnouts, Messrs. Cyril Greenall, Henry Whitlow, James Tinsley jun., J. H. Ridgway, and Henry Milling, jun. ; finance, Mr. J.E. Sacker. Sir Gilbert Greenall entertained a large numbee of gentlemen to lunch at one o'clock.—The PRESIDENT pro- posed the toast of tke Queen and the members of the Royal Family, which was drunk with enthusiasm.—Mr. STAPLETON BRETBERTON said they must not part with- out drinking the health of the President—(hear, hear.) —and thank him for his kind hospitality. They wished him success in his new career. (Applause.) If he had the same success in it as he had at Walton, he (Mr. Bretherton) was sure he would have all he desired. (Ap- plause.) The toast having been drunk, the guests sang, "For he's a jolly good fellow."—ln responding, Sir GILBERT GREENALL tbanked them very much for the kind manner in which they had drunk his health. He bad very great pleasure in seeing them all there again. (Apglause.) THE PRIZE LIST.

The following is a list of the prizes : Class I. : Mates 16 hands and over with foal at foot by Carbon,or having produced a living foal this year by Carbon: 1, Susie,owner and breeder J. E. Davies, Old Warps,Warrington ; 2,Ercall Diamond 11., owner Joseph Shakeehaft,Cherry-lane, Lymm ; 3, Ladslove, owner and breeder J. E. Davies.

- Class 11. : Mares under 16 hands,with foal at foot,bv Carbon: 1, Star, owner and breeder John Weir, Lower Walton; 2, Ehnen Edith, owner and breeder Frank Worthington,Rizton New Hall: 3, Doll,owner and breeder Joseph Whitlow, Preston Brook. _ _ _

Class III.: Colt foals by Carbon :1, bay foaled May, owner and breeder J. E. Davies.

Class IV.: Filly foals: 1, bay,foaled May, owner and breeder J. E. Davies ;2, Rixton Ella, foaled Bth May, owner and breeder Frank Worthington ; 3, brown ,foaled 19th April,lowner and breeder John Whitley,Broomfields, Appleton. Class V. : Yearling colts or geldings: I,brown geld- ing,owner and breeder John Longshaw,Grappenhall ; 2, bay colt, owner and breeder Joseph Shakeshaft ; 3, bay colt, owner and breeder John Whitlow. Class VI. Yearly fillies : 1, roan, owner and breeder John Whitlow, Brooinfields ; 2, brown, owner and breeder Joseph Knowles ; 3, bay, owner and breeder Edward Gibbon Yew Tree Farm, Lymm. Class VII. dare, with foal at foot, by registered shire horse : 1, May Queen, brown, four years, owner and breeder James Mercer Hale Bank, near Widnes •,2, owner Sam S. Raingill, Ha!le, near Altriticham ' • 3, bay four years, owner Richard Clarke, Warburton Park,near Warrington. Class VIII. Foals: 1, chestnut filly, foaled 17th May, owner and breeder Joseph Leather, Ditton Bank, Ditton, near Widnes; 2, Rixton Emperor, bay colt, foaled 9th I March, owner and breeder Frank Worthington, Rixton New Hall, Rixton ; 3, Mere Quern, bay filly, foaled 29th March, owner and breeder Thomas Hardy, Mere, , Cheshire. Class IX. Yearling fillies: 1, Hough Green Fashion, bay, owner and breeder Charles Taylor, Hcugh Green; 2, roan, owner and breeder John Whitlow, Appleton ; 3, lowner Samuel S. Raingill, Hale, Altrincham. Class X. Two-year-old fillies : 1, Rixton Victoria, brown, owner and breeder Frank Worthington, Rixton; 2, Lymm Flower, bay, owner James Gould, Lymm ; 3, , Lymm Queen' black, owner James Gould, Lymm. ' Class XI. Three-year-old fillies : 1, Mere Lofty, black, owner and breeders Thomas Hardy, Mere, Cheshire ;2, Ercall Sorrell, black, owner Joseph Shake- shaft, Cherry-lane, Lymm ; 3, bay, owner and breeder Joseph Knowles, Appleton. Class XII. Mares with foal at foot: 1, Ercall Coun- tess. bay, seven years, owner John Whittaker Ken- worthy, Castle Hill, Kelsall ; 2, Calceolaria, bay, nine years, owners executors of Edward Charnock, Fazaker- ley, near Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GARES AND

ATHLETICS.

FooTBiLL.

Last year's Lancashire and Cheshire emimpions mar- gurated their season in fine style by bratim: the TyMosley team in :loch a decisive manner. The Runcorn men had during the foreening week been in active train- ing and the mro who turned out to play for the club en Saturday were trained to the minute. If the members of tho team only take care to keep themselves in good condition and follow the instructi ,ns of their admirable captain, W. Faulkner,the cup will want some taking out of the town.

J. Faulkner proved the first to score this season and his struggle over the coveted line was wildly received. Houghton has evidently lost none of his goal kicking powers as his attempt on Faulkner's effort was highly successful And was the signal for another outburst of applause. Later on in the game Houghton took over a penalty kick which also ended satisfactorily. The ster- ling Runcorn back by the end of the afternoon's play quite demonstrated that he had got well into harness and was going strong.

000 D TEMPLARY AT LATCHFORD.

The usual weekly meeting of the Bonehill Branch 1.0.G.T., Latchford, was held on Monday evening in the Temperance Hall. The chair was occupied by Bro. R. Hampton (chief templar). The proceedings were of a routine character. THE P.S. A. AT THE Y.M.C.A. Rooms.

The weekly meeting of the P S.A. was held on Sunday, wh-n Mr. James Evans occupied the chair, and Mr. F. Roberts gave the address, basing his remarks upon the passage from the Psalms, " Fret not thyself because of evil doers." Mr. Adcroft contributed two clarioiwtte solos. Mr. A. Ross, a coloured member, read the lesson ; Mr. H. Barber, led the devotions; and Mr. Frank Hickman accom- panied. There was a good attendance, and the meeting was an inspiriting one, the addresses, both from th, :_s.liair:nan and speaker, being very good.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCIIES-WARRINGTOg.

WYCLIFFE F.S.A. SOCIETY.

The meeting en Sunday being the first in another half year, there was a very good attendance. Mr.G.Walling- ton was chairman and delivered a brief address on trust log in God under all circumstances. The speaker was Mr. J. A. Yonge, M.A., of Wakefield, the eldest son of the Rev. J. Yonge, who delivered a much appreciated address, his subject being “Christianity, the only true socialism."ln support of his proposition Mr.Yonge asked his hearers to listen to the voice of the Bible and the voice of history. In order to better understand the power of Christianity with regard to society, they must con- sider the power and method of Christianity as it affected the individual. It was indeed, one of the strongest evi- dences of the truth of Christianity that not one of Christ's contemporaries, not one even of His bitterest enemies, ever found a flaw in the character of the Son of Man. This •as the ideal which God in His word assured us was possible, and which was His will that we should attain. The attaining of this ideal was not and could a be the work of a day. The process was one of slow and steady growth. God had been pleased to give us not only a picture of the ideal man, but also a picture of the ideal society. After tbe outpouring of the Holy Spirit on the day of Pentecost, they were told that the early dis- ciples had all things in common, and sold their posses- sions and goods, and parted them to all men, as every man had nod. Here was a pic- ture of the ideal society. This was the ideal at which society must aim. But, as in the case of the individual so in the case of the society,the attainment of the ideal was not and could not be the work of a day. Society must reach its perfect state by a process which was slow but sure. The speaker in endeavouring to prove that this ideal society was the outcome of the Christian religion, quoted from the writings of Mr. Fr.iude, and Mr. Lecky, showing what was the state of society during the period immediately preceding the birth of Christ,also that which existed during the period of persecution of the early Christians. Self seemed to be annihilated. The boundaries of class went down before these new relationships, which overmastered the strong- est iestincts of men's minds. The new religion was a proclamation of the universal brotherhood of man. The affection which the members have to one another, the devotion of all to the general welfare, the spirit of infinite tolerance for any weekness or in quality, the presence everywhere of the feeling of actual brother- hood—these were the outward features of all the early Christian societieties. But like the individual, society had to come down frem the heights, and to enter upon a slow and steady march before it could again attaie the same level. In answer to the queetion, is progress being made? the speaker said they were bound to admit that since the days of Christ there had been a gradual but continuous growth of humanitarian feeling among the Western races, and this had reached its high- est development in the times in which we were living. This develepment which was going on, this progress to- wards the ideal society was not due, as some would say, to an increase of intellectual power but was essentially religious in its character. It was not so much a matter of the mind as of the heart. Society wee to-day nearer to its ideal state than it had been since the days of those early Chrstians of whom hey bad spoken. Our social tiroeress fonnded on Christianity, was baced on the teaching of Jesus Christ, received its strength and power to grow from His gospel. This gospel was capable of being embraced by each of them and therefore each could work in such a way as to help on the attainment of that ideal society which they all desire. They must display the spirit of Christ which was the spirit of love. Miss Fieldhonee added to the seccess of the service by singing a solo. Messrs. Brietow and Owen also took trt in the service. The President announced that over 70 new members had joined the seciety that day.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
3 FROM THE STAGE TO THE CROSS."

LECTURE AT WARRINGTON.

Mr. Henry Thorne, evangelist, of Exeter Hall, London, visited Warringten on Tuesday, and additional interest was lent to is visit by the fact ttrat in his youth Mr. [borne played on the stage in this town, his father, many years ago, being the lessee of the Warrington Theatre. A bible reading was given by Mr. Thorne at three o'clock in Wycliffe Congregational Church, and at night he told the story of his life to a large congregation under the title of "From the stege to the Cross." Mr. R. Garnett, J.P., occupied the chair. After prayer by the Rev. John Yonge, the Chairman briefly introduced the lecturer. Be referred to the pleasure with which he listened to Mr. Thorne's bible reading, and said he was I glad to see that large representative assembly present that night.—Mr. Thorne said he had decided to give them the history of his career rieht from the very begin- ' ning. It was in the great city of Manchester that he first saw the light, bat on account of his father becoming connected with theatrical speculations he was removed to London when only ten months old. In a most inter- e.sting manner, with a rich vein of humour, the lecturer proceeded to relate his first impressions of life, and afterwards told of his first appearance on the stage at Margate in " The Illustrious Stranger." The lecturer's memories of great actors and his experiences in various centres of industry were attentively followed. In War- rington, he said, some people would remember his father, who engaged Mr. Barry Sullivan to appear in a J series of Shakesperian representations. On the occasion of one of the evenines of his engagement, Mr. Sullivan appeared In " Macbeth," and those who had read that stirring drama would know that there were eight ap- paritions that had to pass across the stage in the ghost scene. The only person he (Mr. Thorne) could find to undertake the dutiee of the ghost on the occasion to which he refer' ed was a nervous young man. He dressed him in a night shirt, and covered his face with I chalk, and instead of putting in his hand a little glass he put a big looking glass with a couple of draws in it. He j could assure them he looked much like a ghost. (Laugh. I ter') He remembered how the gravity of Mr. Barry Sullivan save way when the ghost fell through a trap ' door on the stage and landed in a beer barrel underneath (Laughter.) Memories had crowded upon him as he had walked through the streets of Warrington that day. He had kept going back to it in imaginetion,and fancied he was living over again. Through the instrumentality of two young men who were desirous of going on the stage he was led on a Sunday evening to attend the ser- vices in the Presbyterian dhurch beyond the Central Station. He could not remember the sermons but he heard one remark there which was destined to make a deep impression upon him. He fancied he saw that preacher now saying " there are some people wile love the newspaper better than the t3ilele." When he first heard that remark hc said to himself " that is . me." After al!uding to his conversion, he said he felt at the thee that he must sever his connection with the stage. He was there to testify to the resolution he had made thirty-six year , ago, by Divine help, and he had stood faithfully to it to that hour. He had then, while a youth, made up his mind not to go back to the stage, but also not to go to his home. One thing meant the ether. Efe had been trained for the stage. He knew no trade or handicraft by which he could earn a living. He took a position as a clerk, but he did not rhink he was particularly quali- fied for that position, as they would say if they saw his handwriting. (Laughter.) He gave up being a clerk and took to preaching. He wee invited to go to New- castle-on-Tyne. From Newcastle he went to Leeds as Secretary of the Y.M.C.A.,a position he afterwards gave up in order to be an evangelist. With respect to the stage, he said he thought the theatre was no place for him. It was borne in upon him that the only right side of a theatre was the outside. But he did not be- lieve that actors and actresses were the most degraded people in the world. (13ear,hear.) He was not there to utter a libel against people connected with the stage, many of whom he respected and loved. But he looked on the moral influence and he did not think it was good. If it wee unfit for his daughter to take part in some of the theatres,then it was not good for him. (Hear.hear.) —The Chairman was thanked for his services on the motion of the Rev. E. T. Reed,seconded by the Rev. John Yonge,and the trustees of Wycliffe Church were also thanked for the gratuitous use of the building, on the I proposition of Mr. Thorne.

WALKING MATCH BY A WA.REINGTON NAVVY. A record was 3reated on Saturday by a Warring- ton navvy, named James Robinson, who-undertook the task of walking from Sheffield to Warrington with a w'neellanrrow. The time set to cover the distance was twelve hours, and he started from Sheffield at half-past six in the morning. Robinson gamely plodded on through the inclement weather which beset him on his journey, and arrived in Warringtop at twenty minutes past six,followed by a crowd of admirers. He was in front of the stated time by ten minutes. SiE GILBERT GREENALL WITH THE BELVOIR HOUNDS.

A contemporary says ;—" Sir Gilbert Greens% the new Master of the Belvoir Hounds, and Ben Cappell, kis new hNtsman, accompanied by Mr. C. Oreenall, drew tEir first coverts in the Belvoir domains recently, and a jolly morning was spent in the woodlands surrounding the Duke of Rutland's famous castle. There were plenty of foxes, scent was good, and the ;Tort, from a cubbing point of view, was about perfect. One cub saved his brush by going to ground after being chased about for three-quarters of an hour ; but a second one was not so fortunate, for although he kept up for 15 minutes in front of 30 couples of dog hounds he was eventually rolled over. The following morning hounds were taken to Hallwell Mouth,and found a grand show of foxes in the curiously shaped covert. There was again a good scent, and the hounds ran nicely, hunting three cubs to gyound,and finishing up with a Adrn across the Behoir Vale to Wartnaby Stone Pits, where they were stopped. Sir Gilbert Greenall'3 new residence and stables at 'Woolsthorpe are rapidly eppreaehim; completion. and form a fine looking block of buildings,'

===== 0002601_18960912_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
EA.RLESTOWN.

As stated a fortnight ago, Mr. Harwood, who for 28 years acted as chief foreman at the Wagon Works of the London and North-Western Railway Company, has retired from the service of the Company,on a well-earned pension. It was decided to snark his retirement by showing in a substantial and practical manner, the esteem and appreciation in which he was held by tX,e workmen. Aecordingly, collectors were chosen and v, committee appointed, and a very substantial sum was , got together, sullicient to enable the committee to pur- chase a gold chronometer centre seconds stop watch,and geld guard and pendant for Mr. Harwood, and an electro plated tea and coffee service with tray for Mrs. Harwood. Mr. Harwood finished his duties at the works on Friday evening, and on Saturday evening,the articles named were presented to him in the Viaduct Institute. _ _ _

The proceedings commenced with a knife and fork tea at the Viaduct Hotel, to which 111 were present. After tea an adjournment was made to the Institute, which was very soon filled. Mr. Joseph Emmett presided, and he was accompanied on the platform by Mr. Harwood, Mersa& Gilmour, Tarbuck, Bolton, Clare, Davies,Meiris, Mottram, Warburton, Pearson (committee) and Mr. Porter (secretary). What proved an excellent entertain- trent was then proceeded with, all the artistes having readily given their services, and it is only fair to say, that they did their utmost to make the concert a suc- cess. The programme opened with a piano solo by Mr. T. Gilmour, who very kindly also accompanied through- out the concert. Mr. S. Swann followed in fine style with the song The Alarm,' and Miss Conway, who was in splendid voice, gave a capital rendering of the son " All Hallow e'en." The song, " Mona," was given by Mr. J. Nichols, in his usual finished style and he was warmly applauded. Miss Matter received due recogni_ tion for her able rendering of the song" Flight of ages,' which she sang remarkably well. Mr. J. Isherwood proved himself a clever performer on the fairy bells, and his selection was redemanded. The appropriate song, "In Friendship's name," was very nicely sung by Mr. J. Gibbons, and he was loudly recalled. The humorous song " Born unlucky," by Mr. J. Huddleson, was, of course, encored and he sang an extra verse. The Chairman then proceeded with the real business of the even;.ng, viz, the presentation to Mr. Harwood. He said he was sorry he hadpeen placed in that position, as he bad no doubt many oT them had been expecting some great man to make the presentation, but as he was one of the men who had been acquainted with Mr. Har- wood ever since he came to Earlestown, the committee thought he was the most likely person to perform the ceremony. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Harwood came in the year 1867, early in August, as the outdoor foreman. He got through the work at that time so well, that in Octo- ber of the same year he was appointed foreman over the new work. Perhaps some of them would remember at that time that it was a little different to what it is now. It was work then, which some of them would know something about. He himself remembered on a cold frosty morning, the sweat was running down into his boots. (Loud laughter.) In the following year, Mr. Harwood bad don* his work so well that he was made chief foreman. (Applause.) That was in the year 1868, and he thought they would all agree with him that he had not made a bad one. (Loud applause.) The presents before him spoke for themselves, and showed that Mr. Harwood must have heel the kind feeling of the work- men. (Hear, hear.) He thought there was some credit due to Mr. 'Arwood for his efforts in connection with that room, and the grounds outside. Mr. Harwood had been connected with the Institute long before there was an Institute. (Laughter.) He made a slight mistake there, but he did not mean the present Institute. They had an Isstitute across the road for many years. Some of them would remember going to the penny readings , and concerts which used to be held in the long room. He thought there was some praise due to Mr. Harwood. in connection with the cricket club? Where would it have been if it had net been for him. (Hear, hear.) Look at the cricket field, how nicely it was laid out. And then there was the statuary They had had many a row to get these things, and there had been thunder and lightening, but when the sun shone again they came through, and he had no doubt they would all agree with him, that Mr. Harwood had been a jolly good fellow. (Cheers.) When Mr. Harwood looked at that beautiful watch, he would remember the many happy hours he had spent with his colleagues, and he (the chairman) hoped be would live long to enjoy it in health and happiness. He then formally presented Mr. Harwood with the watch and chain. The watch bore the following inscription : "Presented to F. Harwood, Esq., by the officials and workmen employed at the London and North-Western Railway Company's Waggon Works, Earlestown, on his retirement, after 28 years' service as Chief Foreman, September, 1896." Turning to Mrs. Harwood, the Chairman said he felt proud to have the honour of pre- senting those beautiful articles to her. He had known her for over 29 ...years, and he knew she was a good- tempered, sweet, smiling lady. (Hear, bear.) He had never seen her in a bad temper, and he knew she had been a great help to her husband. (Hear, hear.) Some of the committee of tbe Institute who had been along with him when they had a little extra work in connec- tion with the soirees, knew that she had come forward and helped them willingly, and worked from 'morning until night. He hoped all the young men present would be fortunate enough to get as good a wife as Mr. Har- wood had, and he hoped she would have health and prosperity to enjoy the beautiful things. He had been wondering what Mr. Harwood would do, when he finished at the works, and he thought the best thing he could do would be to put up for a member of Parlia- ment. (Laughter.) He then formally presented the service to Mrs. Harwood. On the tea pot was the fol- lowing inscription :—" ?resented to Mrs. Harwood by the officials and workmen employed at the London and North-Western Railway Company's Waggon Works, Earlestown, on the retirement of her husband, as chief foreman, as a testimonial of appreciation and esteem, September 1896." The musical portion was then proceeded with. Mr. J. Isherwood delighting the audience with his really clever performance on the musical glasses. This alone was a treat, and the audience showed their appreciation by a vociferous encore, to which Mr. Isherwood responded. Mr. J. Gibbons followed with "Close to the Threshold," and Miss Mather gave a pretty interpretation of the song "Star of Bethlehem." Mr. J. Nichols was quite at home in the song "My sweetheart when a boy," and it was well received by the audience. Mr. Harwood, replying on behalf of himself and wife, said he thought his first duty would be to propose a vote of thanks to the Chairman for the excellent man- ner in which he had occupied the chair that night, and for the kind way in which he had referred to Mrs. Har- wood and himself. (Hear, hear.) He also ought to mention that the Committee had provided an excellent , entertainment and that they deserved the best thanks of

that gathering. (Applause.) And to his fellow work- men he expressed his sincere and heartfelt thanks for the exceedingly handsome testimonial they had been pleased to present to his wife and himself. They accepted them in the same kind feeling in which he was sure they had been given, and he wished to assure those present that they would be prized above any articles he and Mrs. Harwood possessed, as they knew that they were the unanimous gift of his friends and fellow workers, whom he had had the honour of working with for the past 29 years, and from whom during that time he had received the greatest kindness and courtesy. (Applause.) It had been no easy task on his part to break away from them, but now that he had ceased to be their chief foreman he trusted that the kind feeling which had always existed might be continued in their private life. (Loud ap- plause.) He had always felt it a pleasure and a pride to be in the employ of the London and North-Western I Railway Company, the largest, and said Eo be, the best managed line in the kingdom. He could assure them it was no flattery on his part when he stated that he left behind him as good a staff of men—as steady and indus- trious—as could be found ia any railway works in the United Kingdom. (Cheers.) In conclusion he would again thank them for their great kindness towards his wife and himself that nielat. (Loud applause.) Miss Conway then sang in excellent taste the song "At the Ferry," and was • loudly applauded. Mr. S. Swann was recalled for his flue interpretation of the song "The Sentry," and Mr. J. Huddleston had also to make the usual second appearance after singing a humorous song. Mr. W. Gilmour then rose to propose a vote of thanks to the artistes. They were, he said, all local, and all voluntary, and he wished to recommend to Mr. Emmett that when the Institute Committee wanted good singers they could get them in Earlestown. He might say that he had not enjoyed any concert more than he had the one that evening. (Applause.) Mr. W. Davies seconded the proposition. He f elt double pleasure in being one of the committee appointed to organise the concert. He could, he said, quite bear out what had been said with regard to Mr. Harwood's doings in connection with the Institute, at least for a number of years. If he could advance the men's inter. eats in any way,he was always ready to do it. Mr.Har- wood had said he and his wife would appreciate the presents more than anything else they possessed, bet he thought there was something more, and that was tbe satisfaction of knowing that he had done his duty to em- ployees and employed. (Loud applause.) The mltion was put and carried with acclamation. Mr. W. ,Clarc proposed a vote of thanks to the Chair- man, and eulozised Mr. Ha. wood in a few well chosen remarks. _ -

Mr. James Bolton seconded, and after the singing of " Auld Lang Syne." and "The National Anthem" the audience dispersed. • At the final meeting of the Committee on Tuesday evening, it was found that there was a surplus ot 10s. 6d., and it was decided to expend this in purchasing a pipe and case for Mr. Harwood. Votes of thanks were also passed to Mr. Joseph Emmett (chairman) Mr. Porter (secretary), and Messrs. Tarbuck and Gilmour (collec- tors), for their service in connection with the presenta- tions.

EVERY CYCLIST shaui.: ..,se JOHN S. GRE EN'S' NEW ROAD MAP,6O miles about Warringlon,l3.6daiett, at 34. Bridge-3f. and 23,Buttermarket-st.— Advt.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON URBAN DIST: gICT COUNCIL.

'NESS.

QUICK DISPATCH OF BUFD.. was held on A meeting of the above named Councl. ,Iwn Hall Monday afternoon in the Boardroom at the "1... ied the Earlestown. Mr. C. B. F. Borron J.P., occup. son chair, and there were also present : Dr. react, Messrs. P. McMahon, F. J. Wood, R. Stone, J.F., . Simpson, W. Thompson, jun., J. Slee, W. Beatty, E. T. Evans, G. Ormand, and J. E. Worsley (law clerk), R. Brierley (surveyor), and W. W. Shirley (clerk).

THE LATE ALDERMAN SMITH J.P.

The Chairman read a letter he had received from Mrs. ' Smith, of Brookside, as follows: " August 25th. Please convey to the Urban District Council the heartfelt thanks of my family and myself for the resolution of sympathy and condolence in our deep sorrow and affliction. Ws e have been deeply touched with this handsome recogni- tion of my dear husband's services as a member of the of the Councii,which we appreciate most highly because we know his zeal for the welfare of the township and his interest in the business of the Council vas so keen that during the time that he thought he was convales- cent nothing gave him greater pleasure than to have the newspaper reports of the proceedings of the Council read to him.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOL ATTENDANCE COMMITTEE.

The minutes of this committee,the chief item of which was an account of ET 183 4d. on salaries account, were passed on the motion of Mr. Wood, seconded by Mr. Simpson. DEPUTY SANITARY INSPECTOR'S REPORT.

The Deputy Sanitary Inspestor (Mr. John Gre")ry) in his monthly report stated that the monthly tolls for street hawking were £4 135. 2d. ; market and stallage, £44 4s. id. ; total, £lB 17s. 3d.—including £6 ss..tor Newton Fair, against £7 35. last year And £l6 above the usual inarket tolls for the race week,which with the £26 3s. ed. for the May Queen event, makes £42 33. 6d., against £25 last year. Newton Fair,the inspector adds, seems to be dying out, and I think, if such a thing is possible, it would be better if arrangements could be made t• hold the fair in some field near to High-street, and have only one day in August as in May. It could be worked cheaper and would cause less friction with the public The report was adopted by the committee, ex- cept that part relating to the holding of Newton Fair be- ing held in some other place than High-street.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
• COMPLAINT BY MR. GILMOUR

A complaint was made to the Highways Punlic Works and Sanitary Committee by Mr. Gilmour about some person keeping pigs in such a manner as to cause nui- banee. The Medical Officer of Health and the Inspector of Nuisances were instructed to visit the premises complained of (situate in Crew-lane near Newton Com- mon),and to report to tile committee at their next inlet- Lug.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DEPUTY NUISANCE INSPECTOR.-

The Highways,Public Works, and Sanitary Committee resolved that in future the Nuisance Inspector submit the monthly report of the Sanitary Department instead of his deputy as hitherto; also that the application of Mr. Gregory, deputy nuisance inspector,for leave of ab- sence froa business for ten days for a holiday from the 7th of September, was acceded to.—The Council con- firmed these recommendations. PROPOSED NEW BUILDINGS. Building plans were considered by the Highways, Public Works, &c., Committee, with reference to which it was resolved that the plan of Messrs. T. and R. Cross of Longford-street, Warrington, for 24 cottages on the north-west side of Athol-street be not passed ; and that the plan of Mr. W. Hales.of Brunswick-road, tor a bake- nouse and stable off Portland-street, be approved and passed.—The recommendations were confirmed.

MISCELLANEOUS. The Highways, Public Works and Sanitary Commit- tees' minutes of August 17th also contained the follow- ing :—Letter, dated July 24th, 1896, read from the Law Clerk anent the power of the Council to issue licenses for street hawking in lieu of taking tolls-. The Clerk was ordered to obtain further information from other local authorities having similar powers, and lay before the committee ; resolved: That a sufficient number of penny-in-the-slot locks be purchased for the sanitary conveniences en the market; that iron posts and ropes already provided for the protection of foot passengers and property during the holding if the Niro in High- street, Newton, be extended from the Blue Bell Inn to junction of road leading to Newton Mere and High. street ; that the tender of Messrs. Waring Brothers for the supply of Brinscall best 6inch paving setts at 13s.per ton, as may be required by the Council for one year,from the Ist of August, 1896, to July 31st, 1897, be recom- mended to the Council for acceptance. The Clerk was directed to write to Messrs. Richard Evans and Co., of Haydock Collieries, drawing their attention to the unsat- isfactory state of the footpath at the bottom of Fair- cleugh-street and the matter of the toll collector having taken possession of certain articles from the couveyance belonging to Mr. E. Lyon, of St. Helens, mineral water manufacturer, whose servant had refused to pay the amount of toll demanded,was reported to the committee. —The minutes of the committee were passed without comment on the motion of the Chairman, seconded by Mr. McMahon.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
MAKING OF STREETS.

At a meeting of the Highways, Public Works and Sanitary Committee held on Monday afternoon (Septem- ber 7th) it was resolved that the tender of Mr. Hutton, of Bowden, for the making of Mersey-street, Walmsley- street, Birley-street and Stanley-street be accepted, sub- ject to the reterence being given by him to the satisfac- tion of the Surveyor and the Chairman of tba Committee. —The resolution was approved of.

GAS AND WATER COMMITTEE.

A meeting of this committee was held on August 17th, Mr. Borron in the chair. The Chairman incidentally mentioned the water question, and stated that a special meeting of the committee would be called, when the whole matter would be laid before them for their con- sideration. The questioa of the chairmanship of this committee was also mentioned, but it was agreed to let the matter stand over until the next meeting. —The Gas Manager (Mr. Joseph Swann) in his report stated he had had a deal of trouble lately from the street lamps being wilfully broken, principally about the Newton Common, but in other parts of the district also. This caused a great waste ef labour and material, be- sides destroying the usefulness of the lamps. Something should be done to prevent it if possible. The illumin- ating power of the gas has been kept up to the usual standard, and all other matters at the works were go- ing on satisfactorily. Consumption of water for past month had been as follows :—Newton Bridge meter, 3,790.000 gallons; viaduct meter, 2,200.000 gallons ; Parkside meter, 11,000 gallons ; total, 6,001,000. Cor- responding month last year, 5,843,000; increase,lsB,ooo. —The cemmittee recommended that the Clerk issue notice warning persons against damaging the gas lamps, and that they be posted in the district ; that the tender of Messrs. Hardman and Holden, Limited, of Miles Ilatting,Mancliester,of 325. 3.1. per ton for surplus tar produced at the gas works for the period of one year from September Ist, 1896, to August 31st, 1897, be ac- cepted, subject to their carting the same at their own expense from the gas works ; also that the matter of obtaining a loan in respect ot expenditure already in- curred, and of further proposed outlay on capital account for extension of gas. di tributing plant, be re- ferred to the Finance Committee. At a further meeting of the committee on Monday, the 7th September, it was resolved that the gas engineer be authorised to procure the necessary incandescent lamps for the lighting of Market.-street, Bridge-street, and Queen-street.—The committee's minutes were confirmed on the motion of the Chairman.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE.

The Finance Committee's minutes stated that it ap- peared by the Treasurer's books that the following balances were in his hands in respect of the under mentioned accounts, viz: :—General department £4,501 53 2d.. gas £245 163 e id., water £216 is. 2d., school attendAnce committee account £55 63.5 d., total balance in treasurer's hands £5,018 83. 10d. The committee resolved that the Council be recommended to draw cheques upon the several Treasurer's accounts, amount- ing to the sum of £1,584 103., and that the matter of obtaining a loan for the Gas Department for extensions of gas distributing plant be referred to Mr.Ormand,Mr. li•rron, and Mr. Collingweod.—Approved of on the pro- position of Mr. Ormand, seconded by Mr. McMahon.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TOWN HALL CLOCK.

The General Purposes Comm—it-te-e-Wco-mmended,and it was agreed that the tender of Mr. J. C. Atkinson, of Bridge-st., Earletown, for the winding and keeping in thorough repair of the Town Rail clock for one year from September lb;t, 1896, to August 31st, 1897, for the sum of £3 101. be accented.

This was all the business of public interest. The whole of the committee's minutes were confirmed without die- cussion,and the proceedings in Council did not last more than ten minutes.

WELLINGTON PICNIC CLUB, EARLESTOWN,

On Wednesday night the members of the Welling- ton picnic club, wound up their season: with a hot pat ditiner at the Wellington Hotel. There were 47 members present and Coe dinner being excel- lently served, was thoroughly enjoyed. The after proceedings were of a convivial character, Mr. J. C ad wick presiding and songs, &c, being given by Messrs. Chew, ()Neil, Gibbons. Shaw, Mellor, Dickenson,, Cullen, Dolan and Chadwick. Selec- tions were given by the club band.

SHIP CANAL.

LAST WEEK'S TRAFFIC.

During the seven days ended Friday,September 4, 138 sea-going car 2,, vessels,with an aggregate net registered tonnage ot 44,337 tons, entered and cleared from the port ot Manchester. Amongst the more important de- part we were stelmers of the Ocean line tn China and Japan, of the Gulf line to Australia, and of the Lamport and Solt line to Brazil. Messrs. Langland's steamer Princess Irene, from Leith, Dundee, and Aberdeen, landed a thousand Scotch sheep at Trafford Wharf, and nearly 200 head of cattle arrived from Dublin by the : steamer Bear.

CUTLIMY and Eteetro-Plated GOODS.—GAILLAND, Bridge-FAreet, Warrington.—Advt. IRON (mid BRitan nriunT6AD4:—GAP.LAni, Irnn. muuger, Warringtou.—Advt.

PRELIMINAR' NOTICE.-W. U. JUDE, ESQ. (of Liverpool) WILL GIVE A MUSICAL EVENING, ENTITLED. "MUSICAL REMINISCENCES" IN THE PUBLIC LL, RUNCORN, ON WEDNESDAY, 7Tic OCTOBER NEXT

RUNCORN UNIO,.—CO N TRACT FOR PROVI- SIONS and SUPPLIES FOR THE HALF-YEAR,

ENDING- 11ARCH 27th, 1897. The GUARDIA s:S of the POOR of the RUNCORN t0,,,T0N are des; us of receiving TENDRILS from parties • to COWL LaCT for thesupply of FLOUR,OATMEAL, ;-,E,1 rO,O,IES, PEAS, CHSESE, SALT BUTTER; COD rtl.>" 4‘Uts' PARAFFIN ; QUININE; Good BEEF, to sresi knieces intact and Flat Ribs with Bone, one Round seeekly nos!'to exceed 251b5., and 501bs. per week of the Best Euteberir Meat for the Officeis, and Sides of Mutt; BREAD, 1-OMB-CURED BACON, POTATOES, WHEAT STEAW, DIL2..PERY, and CLOMING ; Men's, Women's, Boys' and girls' ,SHOES of various size., as ror samples to be sem at the W:.,rkhouse Dntton, and Shoe Mending; HOUSE COAL (Colliery to be named) ; Good DEAL COFFINS, specifying size, and including plate with name, age, and date of death, to deliv,-red in the Union when and where required COKE; CARTING at per mile; FIFA ERALS at per Funeral. Parties Tendering for the supply of the above-mentioned Goods will be required to dseiver the same at the Workhouse, free of cost to the Guardians, how and when required. Tenders to be accompanied with. samples (except Drapery Good;) as far as practicable. The Guardians do not bind themselves to accept the Lowest or any Tender. Persons desirous of tendering most apply by letter to rety office, in Runcorn, for a printed Form- of Tender (and noun other can be entertained), wher,. a Schedule of the variouir articles required and further particulars may te obtained. Seated Tenders addressed to the Guartl'anir, to be forwarded to the Clerk's Office, Runcorn, on or before Saturday, the 26th day of September, 1d95, endorsed "Tender for The Tenders will be opened and considered at a Meeting of the u uardians to be held in the Board-Room, Dutton, on the 29th day of September. 1896, at 12-45 p.m. Parties whose Tende:s are accepted must enter into a written Contract, and be prepared to enter intsea-Bond With two sureties, if required by the Guardians. By Order of the Dowd,

Runeoru, 10th September, 1896

JOHN ASHTON, Clerk to the Guardians.

WYCLIFFE CHURCH, BE 1176EY-SrgEET, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), SEPTEMBER 13th, LtArn HARVEST THANK:SUM NG. PREACHER: REV. J. YONGE. Anthems : Morning: "C) taste and see." Goss. Evening: "Ye shall dwell in the land.' Stainer. "The Eyes of all wait on Thee." Elvey. Special collections for the Church lands. Hours: 10.30 and 6.30

ROAN MARE, 15 3, 6 years old; quiet mid steady in all harness; good goer; suit brougham ; very quiet in stable ; price reasonable; fair trial; no dealers.—li. Q. heautsoft, wholesale butcher, Atherton, near Bolton.

‘NT ANTED, GENERAL SERVAN V, 25 or3o years of age:. —Apply 19, HEYWOOD-BT., Cheatham, Manchester. a

HOUSEMAID WAITRESS, young, active, good reference-; required, good wages.—Apply BOLTON LODGE, Eccles New Road, Manshester.

WANTED, COOK-GEN/11UL, at once, Housemaid- waitress kept.—Miss YA.TE.s, Pitt Bank. Oldham.

WAN TED, a Strong YOUTH, about 17 years of age.— Apply F. WILDE, Butcher, 52, Legh-st., Earlestown.

HOME Employment, either sex; plain writers preferred. Book correspondence. copy lag addresses,eto.;uo canvas- sing whatever; enclose addressed envelope .—Address JOHN h. LIsTEn. Oakworth, Keighley.

NORTH WALES.—Comfortable home in a farmhouse with two maiden ladies without children for a middle-aged married couple or single lady ; use of trap; with or without °wird and attendance; terms moderate.—Witzu-sis. Cefu Gwyn, Llanerchymad. Anglesey.

WANTED, strong WOMAN; good milker.—Apply, TURNER Enos., Grimeargh, Preston.

FIRST SHOW

AUTUMN AND WINTER

JACKETS, et uAPES AND Iyi IVIANTLES,

WEDNESDAY NEXT

AND FOLLOWING DAYS.

INSPECTION OF THE STOCK

IS INVITED.

EVANS,

VI SANKEY STIMET,

WARRINGTON.

THE LATE COLON EL M'CO [WU ODAL.E.

MUNIFICENT BEQUESTS TO CHARITABLE INSTI IU HONS.

The following sums have been paid to the various charitable institutions mentioned by the trustees of the late Colonel George M'Corquodale

LIVERPOOL : ' £ Royal Infirmary Royal Southern Hospital Liverpool Northern Hospital Bye and Ear Infirmary Hospital for Cancer and Slc.n Diseases 250 0 Liverpool Seaman's Orphan Institution Liverpool Home for Female Incurables Liverpool Preventive Home for Young Gir15...... -- £1.450

GLASGOW : Grlasgow Royal Infirmary lOO 0 Glasgow Western infirmary lOO U 100 0

The Victoria Infirmary, Glasgow West of Scotland Convalescent Seaside Homes, Dun-

oon 5O 0 Kilinun Seaside Home for_Convaleseent Poor 500

Glasgow Convalescent Home Association for the Relief of Incurables in Glasgow and the West of Scotland . Orphan Homes Ce Scotland and Destitute Children's Emigration Homes Charity Organisation Association Glasgow Asylum for the Blind 25 0 East Parl, Home for Infirm Children 25 0 Glasgow Benevo:ent Society' for the relief of the Des- titute Sick and Others in Extreme Poverty The Incorporated Glasgow Old Men' Friend So iety and Old Women's Home Glasgow Eye Infirmary 25 0 Glasgow Sick Poor and Private Nursing Association 25 0 Royal Hospital for Sick Children Widows' Friend Society 26 0

_ Sailors' Orphan Society ot Se,iLlsna LONDON :

250

. 2bo

Railway Benevolent Institution ' Printers' Pension, Almshouse, and Orphan Asylum Corporation Guy's Hospital Great Northern Central Hospital London TeropersiidosPital St. Thomas's liociVLA: St.. John's Hospital forillseascs ot the Skin lOO 0 London Orphan Asylum Watford) London Loc. (Female) 1161.-? ital and Rescue Home 10) 0 Caxton Seas 03 Ccavalescent Home and Sanatorium 100 0 Royal Hoepit4l for Diseases of t.,,e Chan ICO 0 Poplar Hospf: d for Accidents ' lOO 0 Governesses' -•,..nevolent Institution.,. lOO. 0 LEE Leeds Genert4olmary Hospital for 4rc4,0). and Children lOO 0 Leeds PiibliclD*tensary NIOVT6;-LR-WILLOWS : WarringtonAnC•ary and Dispensary 3OO 0 WCh:vp•''TON : Northampton, Got,tral Infirmary AV L114..4tY : " The gt, v.,. the Relief of the Widows and .q Orp sofC ' • y,and Disabled and Necessitous Clergymen ~ la the Diocese of. Bangor Yolyhead District ursing Association Carnarvonshire and Anglesey Infirmary tard Dis

===== 0002601_18960912_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
150. 5o 0

no pensary, Hangar Stanley Hospital, Holyhead Bangor Institution of Trained Nnreea „... 5O 0 Manclicstcr 110. al Inf v•tr-Ary !..r.d Disp usary 2OO 0 Chester-General infirmary lOO 0 Cottage Hospital, Stony ,Itratiord Curates' Fund, St. John's, Earlestowr 5 0 St. Peter' r District National Central Schools 5 It Earlestown Medical and Surgi;-al Aid Striety l7 13

R,8,252 13

,

FURNISH AT GOLDSTONE AND SONS, THE RI&NOWNED HOUSE FURNISHERS, 115, 117, 119, OXFORD-ROID (olpcmit3 All Saints' Church), MANCHESTER. THE LARGEST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND FURNI- TURE IN THE NORTH CF ENGLAND. THE FINEST SHOW IN :41;t131AT BRITAIN. FURNITURE BY DOVESTON. FURNITURE BY LAMB. FURNITURE BY MA.P3,T3. FURNITURE BY SifOOLBRED. FURNITURE PY GARNETT. FURNITURE BY POLIO:101C, ao.

NOTICE.—The se-era Lots now on show and specifie4l below are contents of very tiarge and costly rumished Houses, and the bac ;fag public would do well to View these specimens of High-ulAss Furniture which we are `now offering at le-s than one-half the r actual cost. This is no idle brag. as tlr,e goods arc there to be teen, and only want 'viewing to effect a speedy sale. Compare them witb. the Vommoa London rubbish now being so largely advertised.

NOTICE.—Tire Buy or Exchange Furniture to any amount. If you want to disnose ot sny goods just write to us, and we shall s,nd one -f our valuers. who will at ,once give yokt a price for same. 11-itanee, no object. WE PAY CARRIAGE ON ALL PURCHASHS.

IaitARG'AINS IN DINING-ROOM FURNITURB.—The ..1-1 contents of a Magnificent Room just purchase.i by us, 're-polished, re-upholstered. and quite equal to new. at ' *Vatter-the cost. Solid vValnait Suite in rich claret colour. Moroccos, all hair-stuffed ; Large Couch, Pair of easy Chairs, 'together with 6 or 12 smalls.; price 31 guineas ; cheap at £5O. Very massive 6't Sideboard la match, vilth very lofty back, 'fitted with numerous bey:sited plates :rad shelves; osly .asking £l4 lOs ; worth £25. Six-feet Dtning Table, in solid wood, will seat 12 persons ;a marvel of 'cheapness at £2 158 ; words £5. 'Lange and massive Overrnsmtet. with ten bevel 'plates and numerous sher,s and hr icirzts, £2 lOs ; worth £5. Any article as above can 'be had separately, and can he stored any time to suit purchasers. We'rrave also a grind Suite in rich Oriental-saddlebaga. with vet/ 'handsome Basy Chairs and Couch,,will do-either for dining or drawing-room - only asking-18 geAneas ; worth £3O. Splendid sft solid Walnut 'Sideboard, w‘tti all the-raodern cor_venienees, with dazzling glass back. standing marly left tigh, worth fully £2O. our Trice £8155., a marzel of clespness. Very nice Suite in Leather, all small chairs with 'padded hicks - wonderful 'bargain, 'et; 15s. Very good Sidetoard to match, '£4 15s ; and Dining Table, 355. Brass Cu-b, Fire Dogs, and Set Fire Brasses. complete. 25s ; worth £2 10s. Grand Sideboard in Solid Oak, measuritg nearly lit long, with very handsome ,narved:panels, no rrsaker's name on it, but we imagine it to be made by Lamb.; could not Le made under £5O; we want £241.0510r It; well worth inspecting. Handsome Suite in Solid Walnut, "roll upholstered in real skins and deep 'buttoned ; very massive Couch, Pair of Large Basy Chairs, and 6 nice Smalls. In condition equal to new; only £l4 145. Another, in not so good a condition, the full 9 pieces, at .48 15s ; worth 'Cb-D.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
GENUINE SBCOND-HAND FURNITURB RY NOTED MAKERS.

I3ARGAINS IN DRAWING-ROOM FURNITURB.—This department is filled to overflowing, and so full of Bargains that it would require the entire paper to enumerate -them. We. however, mention a few of the best, which are as follow r—Blegant Rosewood, Inlaid Suite of nine pieces, up- holstered in very costly Geneva velvet, consisting of very pretty Double-ended Couch, Pair ef Basy Chairs to match, 2 Fancy Occasional Chairs and 4 ordinary chairs, all hair- stuffed and thorcughly well-finished; a bargain at £3O. A very handsome Suite, 'upholstered in very expensive silk, for 327 10e. Grand Suite in French Tapestry in very good inlaid mahogany frames, highly finished ; the Suite contains very large Chesterfield Settee, extraordinarily well upholstered; 2 Basy Chairs, and 6 Smalls; cost over £6O; our price £2B 108. Handsome Chippendale Drawing-room Suite in rich Siik. with Settee, 2 Basy Chairs, and 4 Oocasionals ; very handsome Cabinet to match Spite and very nice Overmantel. also 2 Fancy Occasional Tables ; well worth £55 ; our price 25 guineas. Well-made Drawing-room Suite in Solid Walnut Frames covered in terra-cotta covered velvet; price £8 15s. Cabinet to match £3 15s; Overrnantel, 225; Fancy Table, 12s 6d. Handsome Suite in green velvet, solid frames; worth £l5 ; our price £6 15s. Very handsome sft Walrut Cabinet, With several shelves, cupbotrds, and numerous bevel plates; just been re-polished and re-mocb-rnised ; cost when new £32; we want £l3 10s for it ; call and inspect. Very nice Walnut (Solid) Cabinet, n any 4ft wide, fitted with cupboard and bevel plates, for 39s 6d. ; worth treble the price. Fancy Dmwing-roornSuites in every conceivable design and cover- ing, from £3 153 to 50 guineas. Rosewood, Chippendale, ana Walnut Overmantels to match Cabinets and Suites, from 12s 6d to £l5. Fancy Tables in every wood. from 7s 6d. Splendidlines in Brass, Black and Brass, Copper Curbs, in- every size. Rests and Fire Brasses to match, from 21s corn plete, to £lO. Fancy Writing Tables, Ladies' Bureaus and everything for the Drawing-room.

EVERYTHING ON VIEW AS ADVERTISED. -

I3ARGAINS IN BEDROOM FURNITURE. Very Massive Bedroom Suite in Solid Walnut. The Wardrobe is 71t. long, with numerous shaped bevel plates in doors all interior fitted with drawers, cupboards, and hangings. The Dressing Table is full Cheval, with drawers down each side and plush- lined slipper box. Very handsome Washstand. measuring 4ft 6ho, with marble and tiles in back, attached to CArrara marble top. Large Pedestal Cupboard. Towel Airer, and 3 Walnut chairs, oovered in blue silk plush. The Suite com- plete for 65 guineas; honestly worth £l5O ; delivered free Very handsome Solid American Walnut Suite, beautifully carved; large Wardrobe, with 2 plate-glass doors, all fitted Inside; Pair of large-size Dressing Tables. 3 Cane Chairs, Pedestal Pot Cupboard. and Towel Airer; a great bargain at £3O. Grand 6ft Bedroom Suite in solid walnut and Hungar- ian ash, with Pedestal Tables and the Usual Pieces ; cost in first instance £65 ; our pric 3 re-polished, £27 10s. Solid Ash Bedroom Suite, by Ogden, £l5 15s. Splendid Suite in polished walnut, consisting of large Wardrobe with laevelle plate in door, pair of Toilet Tables with Towel Airer attachad, and 3 Cane Chairs, complete for 12 guineas ; worth double. Very pretty Suite in white enamel, suitable for young lady's bedroom; all complete for £7 15s ; wardrobe worth the money. One of the finest Pairs of sft Walnut Cheval Toilet Tables in Manchester has Peen re polished, and better than new; cost in first instance £25 ; our price 10 guineas. Another Pair, rather smaller, for £6 15s. Another Pair; enemelled, for £3 15s. Plenty of other Suites in all wood, from £3 158 to £l5O. READ ON FOR MORE BARGIAINB.

BARGAINS IN BRASS AND IKON BBDSTRADS.— This Departrneut is really marvellous, and the prices quoted are a wonder how they can be done at the price. Full size Pedstead, very massive woven-wire mattress, wool over- lay pillows and bolsters, all for £2 15s. Grand All-Brass Bedstead, with massive pillars, little soiled, for £4 15s ; well worth £.lO. Black and Brass Italian Bedsteads, trom 30s to £3O. Institute Bedsteads, with wire mattress attached,from 18s 6d. nome grand lines in Bedding, Full-size Bed, com- plete, from 9s 11d. Feather Beds, complete, grand quality at 355. Wool Pillows, from 9d. Fe tther Pillows at is 11d. 2s 6d, 3s 11, up to 7s 6d each. Wool overlays, full size, at 12s 6d up to 345. Hair Mattress from 32s 61. Wire-woven Mattress. fit any full-sized bedstead, from lOs 6d, 15s 6d. 18s 6d, 21s, up to £2 10s. Other Bargains too numerous to mention at Clearing out Pric,>s. Call and inspect.

WONDERFUL BARGAINS IN MISCELLANEOUS FURNITURE,—SpIendid Dressers, all hard wood with lofty glass back, well worth £lO, for £4 15s. Solid Mahogany Dressers, with drawers and cupboards, from £3 10s. A very massive Walnut Dresser, all t olid, over 61t long, with large glass back, all b.vel plates, numerous drawers and shelves ; our price only £lO 103 ; well worth £25. Painted Kitchen Dresser, wonder ul line at Ifs 6d ; another at £2 I.os ; larger at £3 ss. Hair-seated Scfas from 273 6,1 to £5. Leather Sofas and Couches from 10s 6cl to 38s 6d. Mahogany Chairs. all solid, at Ts 61. Large Dining Tables, all solid, to seat 12 persons at 28s 63; to seat 16, at £2 2s. Ordinary Kitchen Tabies from 7s 63, Lnd everything for the Kitchen at greatly Reduced Pri'!,s. ALL GOODS DELIVERED FREE ANY DISTANCE. RAILWAY FARE PAID TO COUNTRY CUSTOMERS.

GOLDSTONE AND SONS TH MAMMOTH HOUSE FURNISHER 115, 117, 119, OXFORD-STREET (Ooposite All Saints' Church), MANCHESTER.

SUICIDE OF AN IRONWORKER AT

WARRINGTON.

An inquest was conducted by Mr. S. Brighouse, on Saturday atternoon, in the Parade Room, Irlam-street, Warrington, on thl body of Hamblet Guest, an iron- worker, who resided at 22, West-street, and who hanged himself in an out-house in his yard on Thursday morn- ing last. The first witness called was Emma Guest, who stated that the deceased was her husband. He was 50 years of age. Ile was stopped from his work at the forge the previous week. He did take drink occasionally but he did not leave his work in consequence. She believed it was only a temporary stoppage at the works. He was upset about it. On Wednesday night he went to bed. He talked about being discharged. He got up at two o'clock in the morning complaining of pains in the head. He had often done that before and she also got up with him as a rule. It did not alarm her when he went out. He had never threatened to take his life and she never suspected it. The discharge from the works had something to do with it.—By In- spector Spinks : The deceased had not lost time through drink. He was no a man that seemed likely to take his life. Thomas Guest said deceased was )%.4 lather. Witness worked during Wednesday night and on coming home at seven o'clock the next morning, his mother asked him whether he had seen his father,an-d as he had not,she told him to look in the closet. lie did so and fGund the de- ceased hanging from one of the beams wit his feet clear from the ground. Witness shouted for ..esistance and the deceased was cu:. down. He was thpr.)l'ead. furthor evidence was called and tit /jury after a il,litiorat:on returned a verdict it he deceased cumuutted suicide whilst temporarily indnel •

The Auitralian cricketers left New -eork cn Tuesday for a brief tour in the United States, after,which they will fulfil several engagements in New Zoi,krod. The profits of thz. Eng,lish tour are st%ted amon,,,Vo more than £lO,OOO, each member of the team receivit;g about £7OO.

To Morurns.—Mrs. Wir.slow's Soothing Syrup has been used over tiity years by millions of mothers fu theirchildren while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the pow sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; it produces natural quiet sleep, by relie7ing the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes 'as bright as a button," Of all Chemists, is. 11d. per IX.)Ltle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
NEVER MUST.

Never tint those who promise too much at a time. The patent medicines which pretend to cure "at once," in "a single dose," or in "ten minutes," convince us that they are unnatural in their operation, and that, therefore, either the promise made is a false one, or that the remedy is worse than the disease. It is not "at once" that a man becomes Consumptive; it is net "at a single meal" that you acquire Indigestion and Dyspepsia; it is not in "ten minutes" that your Liver becomes sluggish and out of order. No. These com- plaints and others which might be named are gradual in their hold to release you "at once," "in ten minutes,"or "at a single dose." As the disease, so its cure. Steady and certain is its approach. Steady and certain should be its retreat. It is in this fact that the secret of the wonderful, the unparalleled success of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters lies. It conforms to Nature's laws, , adapts itself to Nature's requirements. If the constitia- ' tion has been slowly, steadily, and certainly undermined i by disease, so it s slowly, steadily and certainly ; , re-built by this excellent remedy. It does not pretend to miraculous instantaneous effect ,cures. If the disease

is deep-rooted and of long standing, a sadden and forci- ble uprooting would do more harm than good. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bittersloosen first one told of the disease on the body,then another, and yet ansther, taking away one by one the clammy fingers of disease and re-placing them with the warm, glowing touch of health and new life,not only removing the disease etiTectually.,but giving New Life with every dose taken. The more recent the disease the more easily removed. Try this great Natural Remedy. Try it now. Recovered Patients say it is an Unfailing Remedy. Everybody says it is the Best Remedy of the Age. It is the most successful remedy ever discovered, and has never failed to gain high approval and praise whenever it has been fairly and properly tried. Its praises are sung in all climates and testimonies of its efficacy have been received from all quarters of the globe. Above all things see that you get Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, with the name " Gwilym Evans" on label, stamp and bottle.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
GWFLYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS,

Sold in Bottles. 23. 9d. and .4s. 6d. each, or in Cases, con- taining three 4s. 6d. Bottles, at 'l2s. 6d. per Case, by all Chemists and Patent "Medicine Vendors. or direct from the Proprietors, Carriage Free by Parcels Post.

SOLE PROPRIETORS: QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING Co., LTD., LLANELLY, SOUTH WALES.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES

THE ATTEEPTED SUICIDE AT WARRINGTON. At the Warrington Borough Court on Monday, before Mr. F. Monks (chairman) and Mr. J. W. Hayward, a middle-aged man named Peter Quinn, 17,Town Hill,was brought up on remand charged with attempting to com- mit suicide by cutting his throat with a penknife.—The Chief Constable stated that the defendant went heme drunk on Saturday week and made a rambling statement that he had been "backing" horses and lost. He then .went upstairs and was afterwards heard to say, "I have done it now." But he had not done it effectually, hav- ing only made a slight wound on his throat with his penknife. He (the Chief Constable) was informed by the warder from the gaol that the defendant had been per- fectly rational and reasonable in his conduct there. He suggested that the defendant should be discharged, and he trusted that it would be a lesson to him in the future.—The defendant was accordingly discharged. A CHARLIE Or FALSE PRETENCES.—A MISUNDER- STANDING.

At the Warrington Police Court on Friday, before Al- derman Wright, Dr. Gornall, and Alderman Sutton, Joseph Johnson, 23, Winwick-st. horse dealer, was charged with obtaining by false pretences from Thomas Fryer, £2O with intent to defrand.—Mr. C. H.Unsworth appeared for the prosecutor,and stated that as there was a misunderstanding in the case be would not call any evidence.—Mr.H. Woods represented defendant,and said the case was simply a transaction which took place through the sale of a horse under a warranty. The pro- secutor felt himself aggrieved. There was an offer made some time ago that if he was not satisfied with the horse which corresponded with the warranty, they would be prepared to take the horse back. It was really a case which should never have been brought in that court,but should have been a civil action.—The charge was with- drawn.

A SIISPICIOLTS CASE.

At the Borough Court on Thursday, before Mr. Chand- ley (chairman), and Alderman Sutton, a forge labourer, named Bernard O'Rourke, of 17, Dolmans-lane, was charged on remand with frequenting the Crown and Sceptre yard with intent to commit a feleny.—Prisoner said he was drunk and knew nothing about it.— the Chief Constable (Mr. Luke Taltot) said the prisoner had beennemanded &Ince Monday. About 25 minutes after midnight on Sunday morning, P.C.'s Millington and Rylett were on duty in Buttermarket-street,in the neigh- bourhood of Percival's Fold, when they saw a man com- ing down the Crown and Sceptre yard in his stocking feet. On seeing the police, he ran back and was pursued by them. They found him concealed behind a handcart and he could give no acc,aunt of himself. His pockets were bulky and in them were found a con- siderable number of eggs and full-packets of cigarettes. Behind the handcart were also a number of bottles con- taining aerated water. The articles were no doubt taken from some small shop in the neighbourhood but as the prisoner lived there and belonged to that peculiar, got to say undesirable class, there was no doubt that the gheelo.eppr was afraid to inform the police. He (the Chief Constable) submitted there was sufficient evidence to commit the prisoner to gaol with having been there with intent to commit a felony.—This statement was corroborated by P.C. Millington, and P.C. Rylett, and the prisoner was sent to prison for one month, hard labour.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

FRlDAy.—Before Alderman Wright (chairman), Dr

Gornall. and Alderman' Sutton.

A CURIOUS CHARGE.—William Connolly, last from Liver- pool. was charged with preteviding to be a deserter from the annual training of the Liverpool militia, since 1838. —An officer from the B rracks ,tated that the defendant cave himself up to a policeman in Liverpool, saying he was a deserter. He was suffering from delirium tremens at the time and had to be in the hospital for 17 days.—The Bench decided that defendant was irresponsible for his actions and ordered him to be detained at the lock-up until 6 o'clock. QUARREL BETWEEN WOMEN.—Adam Best, 14, Ernest- street, was charged with assaulting Elizabeth Best. 20, Ernest-street, on the 12th August—Mr. Unsworth repre- sented complainant, and stated that she was defendant's sister-in-law. There was a quarrel between them, and on the date named defendant seized complainant by the shoulder, and shook her severely.—Mr. Davies for the defence, totally denied the assault,—Witnesses were called on both sides, and the case was eventually dismissed. A DIRTY LODGING HOUSE.—john M•Grath, 16, Percival's fold, was charged with having on the first September, being the keeper of a clramon lodging-house, failed to remove filth before noon; to keep the rooms swept; not keeping the bed clothes clean ; not keeping the married room screened; and mixing the sexes.—lnspector Norman proved the case and stated that he found a horrible state of things. There had apparently been a drunken carousal and at 11 a.m he found 14 persons in bed in the house, mostly drunk.—The bench fined defendant ss. and costs in each of the first three cases, and recommended the Sanitary Committee to do away with the license. £2 to pay or in default 21 days.

MONDAY.—Before Mr. F. Monks (chairmsnj, and Mr. T. W

Hayward. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY. -For haying been drunk and disorderly thi following were dealt with :—Will am Moriarty, 37, Old-road; M•chael Marr, labourer, 9, James-st.--Dr, Pea- cocks gave evidence as to the las:, named defendant using most filthy language when near his sureery.—The Chief Constable said the defendant had been before the magistrates six times previously.—The defendant promised to be teetotal in future, and was fined ss. and eoste. PREACH or THE PE *.CE.—Jarries Massey, forgeman, Wore- ley-et ,Folly-lane. and William Ward, furnaceman, 9, Glldon Grove-st., were both charged with committing a breach of the peace in Golden Grove-st. by fighting on Sunday night. the 30th August.—Sergeant nowbottorn proved the case, and the defendants were bound ovet to keep the peace for six months, and to pay the costs. FURIOUS DRIVING IN BRIDGE-STREET.—George Bradshaw, farmer, Marsh Hall, Farnworth. Widnes, was summoned for having on the 28th August furiously driven a horse and trap in Bridge-street.—P.o Turner stated that on the date named he saw the defendant drivinc, up Bridge-street at a furious rate—about twelve miles aehour. Witness put his hand up and called to the defendant but he took no notice of him. Witnesr, afterwards found the defendant in Lyme-street and told Irina he would be reported for furious driving—James Ellis, a groom, gave corroborative evidence. —'fhe de- fendant denied that his horse could travel at the speed sato,l, and Mrs. Jenkins, of the Packet Stage, off Mersey-st. who was in company with the defendant stated that the animal was not going at the rate of ten miles an hour. It walked behind a 'bus for some distance up Bridge-street.—A fine of ss. and cost, 19s. in all, was imposed. STONE THROWING IN OROSFIELD-STREET.—Joseph Ifadd)ck (15) of 19. Dixon-street, and Charles Bradley (16) of 22, vlarson-street were eumraoned for throwing stone 3 in Cros- field-street to the danger of pedestrians.—P.C. Gibbs said

CARTER'S LITTLE PILLS.

Ay Vege- table. Curt. vor, Bile, Sallow Complexion, and Sick Headaches promptly: and cure them so- as to stay carod. Chemists, is. Id.,

LIVER . • Small Plll. • , 11111 h, Small Dose. f , : reiai43 Small Price. -Qr 4' LlyEn3 Forty in a . , vial. j i • p i' ift urply V r *o Torpid Li,

===== 0002601_18960912_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
.^lllO

BEAUTIFUL TEETH ai who use daily on the tooth brush a few drops of SOZODONT, cite pleasantest dentifrice in the world.

/Cleanses the teeth and spaces between them as nothing else will. Sound and pearly white teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. Ask for SOZODONT. •2s, Ctl,

the defendants came from the 'works of Messrs. Williams and Clay aud commenced throwing half-bricks at each other. They almost brake a window in doing so —Defendants who, said they were doing it in fun were each fined ss. and costs, YOUTHFUL GAMESTERS.—Four youths, named William Math -r (19 , Foundry-street ; Samuel Jackson (16), 43, King street; Freo.erick Shaw (16) and William Shaw (14), 50 GaskelFs-yrArd were charged with gaming in Golborne-street on Sunday, the 30th August at a game of chance with cards called " brag."—Detective Barlow informed the Bench that on the date named, he was in company with Sergeant Chantler when he saw the defendants playing cards On seeAng them, the defendants ran away, but witness pur- sued them, and succeeded in catching Jackson. He gave, the names of the other defendants and admitted that he ha 4, lost threepence at playing " brag." Mather in his flight, &sopped the cards produced, and ass a penny.—Sergeant Vaantler gave corroborative. evidence. William Shaw, the y oungest defendant was fined ss. including costs, and the other defendants 7s. 6d. each, or in default, seven days im Drisonment.

WEDNESDIY.—Before Mr. John Ihtirclough (chairman). Alderman Wright. and Mr. Geddes. TEMPORARY AUTHORITY.—WiIIiam Salt applied for, and was granted temporary authority to sell at the Shakespeare , Inn, in plaee of Margaret Green. DRUNK AND DiSORDVALT.—James Quigley was fined ss. and costs for being drunk and disorderly in Co ikhedge-lane the previous night. Daniel Hindley, a militiaman, was charge l with a similar offence in Scotland-road, on Tuesdty night. Sergeant Hollingworth stated that in consequence of a complaint he received from the door-keeper of the Scotland- road theatre he ejected the defendant, who was behaving in a very disorderly manner, from the theatre. He tried to per- suade him to return to the barracks, but he would not do so. He might say that defendant was first in the gallery, where his behaviour was so bad that several oersons got up and went out, and when he was in the street he took off his cap and coat and threw them in the mud. The Chief 001sta.31e re- marked that it was a serious offence to behave as defendant had done in the theatre. Defendant was fined ss. and emits.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1896.

UNANIMOUS _DECISION.

As there exists differences of opinion among many practitioners as to the real cause and origin of riseuma- tiam, and to obtain a decision resulting from the I practical experience of eminent celebrities, a Medical Author wrote to several hundred prominent and noted phyicians, asking there to give their opinion upon the important question. They unanimously replied that all forms of rheumatism and gout were a result of an ex- cess of uric acid in the blood, which they attributed to imperfect action of the digestive organs and the kidneys, concluding by saying their experience proved that rheu- matism could only be cured by systematic treatment ; resto ing the kidneys to their normal state, and the di- gestive organs to their normal action, thus gradually expelling the excess of uric acid from the blood. The longer these disturbahces and abnormalities exist, the more difficult it becomes to relieve the symptoms of rheumatism. _ .

As a special remedy, Warner-5 Safe Cure is recom- mended, as in all such eases it produces the desired effect, restoring the digestive organs and kidneys to a healthy action—oxidizimr, the uric acid to urea—which is a prominent and normal constituent of the excretions —thus successfully curing rheumatism and gout in their various forms. This proves that the popular opinion which prevails among many, that these diseases can be cured by ex- ternal application, linanrents,. ointments, ombrocation, plasters, etc., is erroneous. This, undoubtedly, accounts for the wonderful success which always follows the use of Warner's Safe Cure, even in the most obstinate cases of rheumatism, as is plainly shown by the experience of Major McMurray, Springfield House, Killuney, Armagh, who says :—" I consider it my duty to make public the following statement. I was a martyr to rheumatic gout from 1865 until April, 1888 ; being laid up with it regu- larly every six months, sometimes for weeks and some- times for months. In April, 1888, I commenced to take Warner's Safe Cure. I found relief after the fourth bottle. I took twenty-one bottles. Since I stopped tak- ing the medicine, in July, 1888, I have not had the slightest indication of rheuMatic gout." " August 29th, 1894.—1 have pleasure in confirming above statement, made four years ago, and adding, my old enemy has not visited me since."

===== 0002601_18960912_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS.

Moivbalr.—Before Mr. J. Norman and Mr. I. W. Lightburn. OBSCENNI LANOITAGE.—Ann Corcoran was sent to Knuts- ford for 14 days' hard labour for using obscene language in Church-st.. Runcorn, on August 29th. CRUELTY TO CANAL BOAT HORSES.—William Forster was summoned for working two ponies on the 29th August whilst in an unfit oonditien, and John Forster was charged with causing the same to be worked. Both defendants were batmen.— PC. Kendrick said he was on duty in Halton- road on the date specified aboat noon, and saw the two de- fendants driving the two ponies attached to a boat. On examining them he found that one, a grey pony, had wounds on ea .1h of the shoulders while the other a brown one, had a wound on the off shoulder. Blood and matter were coming from all the wounds,and the collars were stained with the same substances.—lnspector Bilson, of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, stated that he examined the ponies on the 31st August and found them suffering as described by the officer. The brown pony had two wounds on the off shoulder measuring 2 inches by 11, while the grey pony had a wound on one shoulder 2 by 3 inches and another en the other shoulder four by three inches. Both the wounds were deeply seated and of long standing, charged with matter and highly inflamed. The ponies were ago.l but in fair condition. He was shown the collars the animals had worn and they were both belly stained. The ponies had been stopped by a brother officer at Kidsgrove who warned defend Ints not to work them back to Runcorn. He had no hesitation in say- ing that to work the two ponies 57 miles in that condition was a most gross act of cruelty. Defendants pleaded guilty. but stated that the ponies were not in the condition that had been stated. The magistrates came to the conclusion that the case was a very had one, and fined the first defendant 15s, and costs and the second, for causing them to be worked, 20s. and costs. DRUNK AND DRlVlNO.—Williani Hammond was fined 10s. and 95. costs for being drunk in charge of a horse and carriage in Bridge-st., Runcorn, on the Ist fieptember.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGA.TE.

A LIVELY PARISH COUNCIL MEETING.

A special meeting of the Poulton-with-Fearahead Parish Council was held in the schoolroom on Friday evening week, when the chair was occupied by Mr. Wm. Royston. There were also present—Messrs. William Houghton, J.P., Henry Thornton, George Mather,James Mason, Joseph Roberts, and T. H. Granger. There was a large attendance of ratepayers.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SMALL-PDX HOSPITAL.

Mr. Thornton had given notice that ho should call the Council's attention to the fact that the Warrington Cor- poration had given instructions to their Surveyor to prepare plans of the proposed smallpox hospital to be erected at Pear Tree Farm, Houghton Green, and tho bringing of smallpox patients through their township. After reading a report of the proceedings of the Town Council relating to the matter, he said there was a very strong feeling outside the Council on the subject, which was an important one,and one which affected the town- ship materially. It affected property owners as well as occupiers. His opinion was that whether a man lived in a hut or a mansion he had a voice in the matter, and a meeting should be called to take the ratepayera'opi nions. Mr. Royston (interrupting) stated it was a matter which had been discussed bv the old Cpuncil, and they had been watching it all along. The Chairman was making some further remarks when Mr. Thornton said : " If you will allow me, lam on my feet."—The Chairman : I must ask you to keep within bounds. It is not a ques- tion that you should keep us all the evening about. I wish you to curtail your remarks.—Mr. Thornton : You don't know how long I am going to speak. I have a right to speak on any proposition, and am within my bounds. I shall obey you as chairman if you call me to order in a respectful way. If you don't allow me to speak here I will call a meeting on the green and speak. Ilhave a right to speak on a motion. I never knew a chairman who knew his business to call anyone to order as you have done me to-night.--The Chairman again called Mr. Thornton to order, and asked him to keep within bounds, but Mr. Thornton continued : You, as chairman, are not in bounds, and if you don't keep within them we as a meetiog shall have to keep you more in bounds. Mr. Thornton moved "That the chairman of the Parish Council call a parish meeting in order to test the feeling and to receive tho instructions of the rate- payers in this matter."—Mr. Houghton said he would not sit there and hear those remarks made. They were out of order. The Chairman was supremo,and he should support him.—Mr.Thornton asserted that tho Chairman was not supreme.—Mr. Granger seconded the proposi- tion which was carried.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
GAS AND WATER.

On the proposition of Mr. Thornton, it was resolved "That the Clerk be instructed to communicate with the Warrington Corporation, asking them to grant the fav- our of laying gas and water mains to the extent of the new property in Cinnamon and Fearahead lanes, Fearn- head."

===== 0002601_18960912_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
A DRAINAGE QUESTION.

The following notice of motion stood in the name of Mr. Thornton :—" I also call the atttntien of the Coun- cil to my proposition of June 12th, relating to repairs and work done by the roadmen,hoth on and off the high road during last year, and to the action taken by Mr. William Houghton in reference thereto at the last High- way Board meeting, held on August 22 ad." Mr. Thorn- ton said much dissatisfaction exisced amongst the rate- payers, with reference to the matter referred to in the resolution aud they had a right to ask questions apper- tainine thereto. When lie was elected a member of that Couneil be was asked to bring the matter forward, and he had done so. Mr. Thornton then referred to the manner le which the subject had been previously raised at the Parish Council, and also to the resolu- tion which was passed at the Highway Board meeting on the motion of Mr. W. Houghton.— Mr. W.-Houghton said that when the resolution was submitted to the Council Mr. Thornton occupied the chair. He made use of his position as chairman and took advantage of that position to reflect upon their late wavwarden. He said this work had been done and the Parish Council had winked at it. He (the speaker) having been a member of tke old Council objected to the remark at the time. Their Chairman, he believed, had received the Highway Board Surveyor's report, and if it was satisfactory he thought an apology was due from Mr. Thornton to the Parish Council and the Highway Board for the statements he had made.—Mr. Royston,ia explaining, said the drains of the highway at time in question were all choked and the wreckage which han been washed down the incline of the railway bridge had got into this ditch snd the water could not flew. The Surveyor reported to the Board the state of things, Mr. Bennett,one of the parties concerned ,was very busy. and asked that the highway men might do the work and he would pay his share. The Finance Committee sanctioned this course and the work was done, and the parties charged accordinely. He hoped everyone would now be satisfied. Nothing had been smuggled, and there was nothine to be ashamed of.—An attempt was made to further continue the discussion, but the Chairman said : "It must close. I will not allow it to go any further. This Council has nothing to do with it at all." The meeting which was a lively one throughout, was lan unusually long one. THE CHURCH INSTITUTE.—The annual meeting of the members of the Church Institute was held ii 2 the Church House on Monday evening.when the Rev. J. J. Langham occupied the chair. The Chairman read the secretary's (Mr. T. H. Granger) report, from which it appeared that the season 1895 8 had been a satisfactory ene. The work of the session was reviewed and certain suggestions made for the ensuing one. The report was adopted. The accounts of the Treasurer (Mr. J. F. CritchleY) showed a balance of lei. 441., with an amount of about £2 to be still received. The Vicar was, by virtue of the rules of the Institute, re-elected president, and the Rev. W. R. gartwright and Messrs. J. W. Beevers, W. Rode- kinson. F. M. Appleton,A. Bennett, G. Mather, H. M. Mines,J. Gibson,and W. J. Heathcote were elected vice- presidents for the ensuing season. Mr. T. H. Granger was re-elected hon. secretary, and Mr. J. P. Criteeiley hon. treasurer. The committee was appointed by ballot 'and resulted in the following being elected :—Messrs. J. R. Jones, S. H. Antrobus, W. Weston, T. S. Steele, J. Timmins, John Weston,?. Blackwell, and G. Higham.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL NEWS.

The application of the workmen in the engineering trade:. of the Manchester district for an advance of 23. per week in wages was considered on Tuesday at a representative meeting:of employers held in Manchester. It was unanimously resolved—" That, in the best inter- ests both of employers and employed, a general rise of wages in this district is net justified,would be inexpedi- ent, and cannot at the present time be conceded."

===== 0002601_18960912_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
REVISING TaE LIST 3 AT WARRINGTON.

Mr. James Thomas Foard, revising barrister, dur- ing the passt week has revised the lists of Parlia- mentary voters,of burgesses, of county electors,and of parochial electors for the borough. The court held in the Council Chamber Town Hall,Mr.Clayton appeared on behalf of the Liberals and Mr.llolbrook represented the Conservatives. There were also present Mr. J. L. Tunstall (assstant overseer), Mr. E. C. Cooper (assistant overseer for Winwick), Yessrs. T. J. Garliett and F. R. Aukland (relieving officers). The Town Clerk was represented by Mr. Stanley Wilson, deputy-town clerk. CLAIM BY A BAILIFF. The Liberals made a claim on behalf of Robert Lewis, bailiff of the County Court, for a vote for 3V, Upper Rank-street. Questioned by Mr. Holbrook, Mr. Lewis said that Mrs. Harrison was the tenant af the heuse, but he resided there in a service capacity. He did not pay any rent, his wife performing certain ser- vices instead of paying it. fie was not compelled to live on tho premises and could leave them at any time. Mr Holbrook : What is this place used for ?—lt is simply a meeting place connected with the Charity Organisation Society.—Mr. Clayton remarked that Mr. Lew is performed certain services instead of paying rent. —Applicant said his wife did so. He was not compelled to live on the premises. He could leave them at any time he chose to do so.—The Barrister : There must be some agreement of tenancy. If it is an understood thing that these services are to be given it would be in the nature of a service qualification. It cannot be anything else.—The vote was not allowed. BANK QUAY COFFEE HOUSE MANAGER'S cwinl. Mr. John Burgess, manager of the British Workman coffee-house, Milner-street, at preseat only having a ser- vice qualification, applied for a m ,nicipal vote. In answer to Mr. Clayton, the applicant said there was no compulsory occupation. He had to commence business at a certain hour in the morning and he finished at a certain hour of the evening. He could go and live where he liked between those times.—The Barrister : It is still a service occupation.—Mr. Clayton : But there is no compulsory occupation.—The Barrister : I am not suggesting it, but he has a service to perform in connection with his occupation. He has to perform certain services. It is not necessary that he should be compelled to reside there. He gets his equivalent and pays no actual rental, and there is no coatract of ten- ancy.—Mr. Clayton : If he did not perform certain ser- vices be would have to pay the usual rent,—The Barris- ter : That is a matter of argument and suggestion that I cannot deal with. It is clear that the man's tenancy, as far as it is a tenancy at all, is conditional upon his performing the services he does perform.—Mr. Clayton : Within certain hours.—The Barrister : If he was dis- charged he would have to give up the occupation of the house. Well, that cannot make a tenancy except for services under the statute, which gives a service qaalifi- cation.—The application was not allowed.

A CONSERVATIVE OBJECTION. The Consetvatives objected to the vote of James Lawton,l2 Wellfield-street, on the ground that there was access between the dwelling-house of James Lawton and that of his father's which really constituted one house and not two.—Mr. Clayton: There are two dis- tinct tenants,and there is simply a means of access from one to the other for family convenience.—The Barrister: That does not make it more than one house. The only way out of the difficulty would be to obtain a service vote. He could not allow the vote as it stood, and the objection must be successful. A LODGER VOTE. Mr. Jeseph George Flasrison,so, Wilderspool-causeway, applied for a lodger vote, which was objected to by the Liberals.—ln answer to Mr. Clayton, Mr. Tunstall said the house was assessed at gross £l3 10s„ rateable £ll. 108. Applicant said he paid Bs. a week, and that sum included the bare furnished rooms. He had a bedroom to himself, and had his meals separately. There was another lodger in the house.—Mr. Clayton observed that Mrs. Hindley had already a vote for the house, and the gross rental was only £l3 10a.—Questioned by Mr.Foard, applicant said he had the joint use of a sitting-room with another tenant.—The Barrister : As the other ten- ant does not claim, I think this may be al- lowed, but It is rather a doubtful claim.- -Mr. Clayton: We cannot get £lO for the rooms where the gross is only £l3 10d.—The Barrister : I don't think you can very well. There is a difficulty about it if he only gets the joint use of the sitting room.—Further questioned, Mr. Harrison said that there were six rooms in the house. There were four persons in the house— the two lodgers mid Mrs. Hindley and her neice.—Mr. Holbrook: There is no Parliamentary vote for the house The Barrister: But lam pressed by the objection that there is not margin enough as the house is only £I3 10i. gross. The applicant has also only the joint use of a sitting room. The claim is rather doubtful, but I will allow it.

- The Court then adjourned until the following morn- ing.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TRADES CONGRESS.

The Trade Union Congress was opened at Edinburgh on Monday. The Lord Provost welcomed the delegates, and Mr. Cowey, chairman of the Parliamentary Commit- tee, replied. Mr. John Mallinson, secretary of the Edin- burgh and District Trades Council,was elected president. The Parliamentary Committee presented their report, in which it was stated that the past session had been a barren one as regarded measures for the benefit of the , working classes. Measures of a retrograde or question- able character had had attention, but it would be difficult to point to one really tangible and beneficial measure passed in the interests of labour. On the prin- ciple of the maxim that " Ghosts throw their shadows before them," it was very questionable whether the working-class community need entertain very high hopes of anything being done for them during the lifetime el , the present Parliament. The Committee desired to point to a new departure on the part of the Postmaster General and the Secretary for War, both Ministers hav- ing declined to receive deputations on behalf of Govern- ment employe 4 who complained of grievances. This was considered very unsatisfactory, and the moro so as the Secretary for War and other Ministers in the last Parlia- ment always showed the utmost courtesy and willingness to receive deputations. Mr. John Mallinson, president, delivered an inaugural address at the Trade Unions Congress at Edinburgh on Tuesiay. Mr. Mallinson gave the Socialists credit for the service they had rendered in calling attention to the conditi-ei of the workers, but said the Socialists must bear with those who could not see that the remedies they proposed were calculated to bring about the desired results, and who believed that the social millenium would come by &Trees, and only in proportion as more just idPas and kindlier fc2lings pervaded all classes. By all means Ir-r, them have a workers' political party, but let it he kept outside trade unionism. The fight of trade unionism in the future would be for a living wage and to establish the claim that, as labour was the chief factor in production, the remuneration of labour should be the first charge on production. The President's ad- dress was followed by a discussion on the report of the Parliamentary Committee,tho chief question raised being on the paragraph relating to the recent International Socialist. Workers, and Trade Unions Congress. It was decided that the Congress eould only identify itself with these international gatherings on the condition that the delegates represented bona-fide labour organisations and their numbers werr proportionate to the numbers they reprrsented. A resolution in favour of a legal eight-hour day was carried,an amendment to give an alternative of 48 hours per week being rejected. Resolutions were also passed dealing with employers' liability, and the law of conspiracy, and the poor law, and the Factory Acts.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

WARRINGTON v. SWINTON.

The Warrington list of fixtures for the present season commenced with a match with Swinton, which was played at Swinton on Saturday. Swinton are,of course, new converts to Northern tinionism,and it was unknown how their team would be composed under the new regime, as Valentine, Lewis, and a few other old players were very doubtful starters. The Committee had been importing very largely to prepare for emergencies, and some of their men were noted wanderers. Valentine's

position was much debated, and it was evident that the Committee had not expected him to play when they sel- ected the team, for his name did net appear in the list. On Saturday, however, he was advised by Salford to turn out for Swinton, and though he delayed his consent until the last half hour, he eventually decided to play, Lewis standing down for him. Contrary to expectations the Swinton team did not differ very much from last year, Atherton from Barton. Goodman from St. Helens and a good many other places, and Hanson from Tyldesley, Rochdale St. Clements, and Rochdale Hornets; and S. Hall from Brough- ton Rangers being the most noticeable changes. Barber was unable to play for Warrington, and O'Brien took his place,the teams being composed as follows :—Warring- ton : Heesorn,full back: O'Brien, Cross, Isher wood,and Lawless, three-qnarters ; Bate and Hig,ginbottom, half backs ; Taylor,Dakin, Barrett, Saunders, Fairhurst, An- drews,Thernton and Hill,forwards. Swinton : Makin, full back; Valentine, Goodman, Butler and Atherton, three•quarters ; Pearson and HAnson,half backs ; John- son,Enner, Greenhalgh, Evans,Tickle, Hall, Ainsworth, and Norton, forwards. Mr. J. H. Smith, of Widnes, re- feree. When Valentine entered the field he received a great ovation, but it was very evident that he did not feel very comfortable, after his quarrel with the com- mittee, Smack Bate did not win the toss.but the Swin- ton captain decided to face both wind and slope during the first half. Hill set the hall in motion in the presence of between 3,000 and 4,000 spectators. Hanson by a geed run and kick at once put Swinton on the aggressive, and for a few minutes, the" Lions" had the better of the argument. The pressure was re- lieved by a long kick in touch by O'Brien and for a long period from now, Swinton never got beyond half way. A grand chance was missed when Hiv,ginbottone failed to snake his mark right in front of the goal posts, but Warrington's hopes were raised when as the result of a good dribble, the ball was worked to the line, when Thornton unaccountably failed to draw first blood for Warrington. The attack was kept up, and Bate by making a feint at passing almost tricked the whole of his opponents, but was finally floored by Goodman. The attack was brought to an end by Higginbettom kicking too hard, and sending the ball dead. The ball had scarcely been kicked out, when Bate sent over the line, and was only just prevented by Makin from scoring, the latter touching down. Swinton at this stage were un- doubtedly having the worst of it, and Lawless at- tempted to drop a goal, but the ball refused to rise. Talentine new for the first time in the match became

prominent by a grand run, which almost resulted in a score, fleeeoen proving his downfall, but Swinton at length forced a minor. Cross restarted, and as the result of exchanges, Heesom found touch well, but Swinton were now beginning to assert them- selves with the result that Atherton and Pearson almost scored in successive minutes. The Swintonians were at length placed on good terms with themselves by Goodman dropping a fine goal. Soon after the kick off, Heesost's kick was charged down and another score seer/eel certain, but tfeesom made amends by touching down. A fine dribble by Barrett, Thornton, and Fair- hurst followed the kick out,but unfortunately it came to nothing, and at half-time, Swinton led by a dropped goal to nil. Pearson restarted, and with the wind and slope in their favour, Swinton after the first two or three minutes commenced an attack which was only interrupted by spasmodic efforts by Warrington. Taylor made a 'plucky effort to break away, but was not well- supported, and Valentine by a long kick at onae trans- ferred play to the other end, where Goodman easily romped over. Pearson failed to kick a goal. The cheers for this performance had scarcely died away, when Atherton got in at the opposite corner. Butler had a try at the goal this time but failed likewise. This seemed to completely disorganise War- riegton and in another few minutes Valentine- got past all oppesition but Heesom, and when, the latter tried to bring him down, he had the impu dance to jump over the full back, and fell with the bal just over the goal line. Pearson for the second time failed to kick a goal. Warrington, stung with these re- peated reverses, now aroused themselves, and by a grand united effort, in which Taylor, Dakin, Saunders, and Andrews were very prominent, got the ball right to the Swinton line, where Valentine rushing up, kicked dead. The ball had, however, been in play, and a five wards scrimmage was ordered. Here Norton infringed the off-side role, and from the free kick allowed Heesome tipped the ball over the crossbar. Swinton were attacking as strongly as ever, and Lawless p.re- vented the doughty Valentine from scoring by running him in touch, and O'Brien stopped Atherton from get- ting further ahead. Swinton at length raised their score in a very luckly manner, for Pearson took a flying kick at the ball, and was as much astonished as everybody else when he saw the wind turn it rofind and send it between the posts. Goodman intercepted a pass from Fligginbottom after the restart,and looked a likely scorer, until Heesorn proved his downfall. Valentine again tried to drop a goal but the ball just went outside. This was Swinton's last effprt,and Warrington seemed to get their second 'A ind, after looking all over a beaten team. They commenced to play in a determined manner, and after a short run by Isherwood, Dakin got hold and was only floored on the line. From the ensuing scrimmage, pass- ing between Bate and Lawless enabled the latter to score a try, which Taylor failed to improve. Still attacking a brilliant round of passing between Bate, Cross, Isher- wood and Lawless was followed by the latter running from the quarter flag over the line. The Warringtonians claimed a try,but it was ruled that Lawless was in touch in goal, and thus one of the most brilliant flashes of play in the whole match went unrewarded. The whistle blew for full time a minute later, Swinton winning by two dropped goals, three tries (17 points) to Warrington one penalty goal, one try (six points),

===== 0002601_18960912_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON A. v. SWINTON A.

The Warrington A. team made a promising start on Saturday when they defeated the A team of Swinton even in a more decisive manner than the Warrington first team was defeated at the hands of the Swintonians. Owing to the alterations which are being carried out on the Warrington ground, th 3 match was played on the enclosure at the top end of the field usually used by the Latchford Rangers.. The weather, though threatening, continued fine during the match which was witnessed by a good number of spectators. When the teams i stepped on to .the field, t was noticed that there were several alterations in the composition of the team. The question was asked "Where is Jenkins, about whom so much has been talked, or Burrows or Swift ?" But no answer was forthcoming. It was found that the teams were as follows :—Warrington, full back, J, Warburton ; three-quarters, Foster, Carey, Scott and Radford ; half-backs, Houghton and Foden ; forwards, Higham, Savage, Wilcock, Scholtze,' Meacock, J. Hughes, Sudlow, and Templeton. Swinton, full back, J. Berry ; threequarters, M. Hartley, J. Bothwell, E. Lyons and gampson ; half-backs, A. Bennett and A. Price ; forwards, S. Ashworth, E. Holine, J. ffulnie, T. Pestle, ,R. Forster, W. Spruce and C. Pollitt, and J. Williams. . revo thirty-fives were de- , cided upon, and the responsible position of refereee was ' fulfilled by Mr. Garner, of Oldham. Savage commenced operations and the visitors had the advantage of the wind in the first half. For the first few minutes, play i raged in the visitors territory, and t was not until Price by a piece of clever work transferred play, and gave the visitors their first foothold in the home quarters. A spell of even play followed, but the home three-quarters soon began to make the game lively by a series of pass- ing movements. These were initiatedny the half-backs —generally by Houghton, and participated in by the whole of the three-quarter line, and oni several occa- sions, the home team had hard lines n not scoring. Carey succeeded in crossing the line cnce but was unable to ground the ball, and on another occasion Radford crossed over, but was ruled back again for a pass for ward. Success at length attended the home team'- efforts for Houghton scored the first try of the seasons amid cheers. Foden attempted to kick a goal but failed. The whistle sounded for half-time soon after- wards, and the teams changed ends with the home team leading by a try to nil. On the restart, the visitors played up with a vigour and dash which surprised the spectators, and the home team now had a warm time of it. Warburton the new full back was severely tested, but he came out of the ordeal with great credit, his saving tactics being generally admired. Foden, who had been guilty of several mis- takes, atoned somewhat for them by dropping on the ball and saving a certain try. The home three-quarters brought relief by tall-kicking, and after some desultory play, Savage succeeded in scoring a lucky try. The place kick was again a failure. From this point of the game to the close, the homestere had by far the best of the play, and materially increased their score. Carey after a spirited run scored a try in a good position, and Warburton who was entrusted with the goal kick,placed

WHAT CAN CUTICURA. DO FOR CHILDREN? ,Everything that is cleansing, purifying, and beautifying for the skin, scalp, and hair of infants and children, CIITICUILL remedies will do. They afford instant relief, permit rest and sleep, and point to a speedy cure in the most torturing of itching and binning eczemas. They clear the skin of the most disfiguring of humours. They cleanse the scalp of dandruff, scales, and crusts, and re- store the hair. They purify the blood of simple, scro- fulous, amid hereditary humours. Everything about them inspires confidence. They are absolutely pure and may be used from the moment of birth. They are speedy, economical, and unfailing. Parents, think of the life- time of suffering often entailed by lack of early treat- ment. Begin now. Cures made in childhood are almost invariably permanent.

the ball nicely over the bar. The next noticeable feature of the game was the scoring of a meritorious try by Radford, who ran half the length of the field in hare-like fashion. Carey took the kick and was successful. The game soon afterwards concluded, leaving Warrington winners by two goals, two tries (16 points) to Swinton nil.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN v. TYLDESLEY.

Runcorn met the Tyldesley organiz itien on Saturday and the opening match was exceptionally well attended. The visitors brought their full strength but Runcorn were short of Myers, Moores, Langley, Williams and Robinson, who were prominent players in last years' fifteen. When the teams lined up in the field they were composed as follows :—Runcorn : Houghton, back ; Butterworth, Richardson, Warder and W. Gayter, three- quarter backs ; J. Faulkner and Pendlebury, half backs; W. Faulkner. Walker, Hughes, Farmer, Lightfoot, Darl- ington, Taylor and F. Gayter, forwards. Tyldesley : Trove, back • Lawton, Evans, Miller and Price, three- quarters backs; J. Berry and W. Berry, half backs ; G. Woodward, Worthington Harris, R. Berry, Smith, W. Woodward, Tinker and Prescott, forwards. Mr. P. Speakman, J.P., C.A. president of the Runcorn club, kicked off, but before doing so accorded a hearty welcome to the visitors, and expressed an earn- est hope that the game would be charac- terized by the usual good feeling which had always existed between the two teams. Worthington received the ball from Mr. Speakman's kick,and returned to Warder. Immediately afterwards a free kick was awarded to the cup holders, which was taken in hand by Faulkner, with the result that play became located in the visitors' half. This, however, did not long con- tinue, for as the result of a series of rushes, the visiting forwards endangered the home lines. Runcorn defended in a stubborn manner, and thus kept their fortress in- tact. Houghton and Butterworth by judicious kicking gained relief, but quickly the Lancastrians were again on the offensive, and if it had not been for over eager- ness on their part they might have scored, for they had a couple of easy chances. Warder, by an effective punt, got the ball to touch near the centre, where hostilities were conducted for a few minutes. The visitors made another raid into the opposition camp bat were sent to the right about by a lofty kick by Richardson, to which Lawton replied. Warder securing possession of the oval saw Runcorn having the best of matters, and Houehton taking charge of a penalty kick almost succeeded in scoring. He experienced very hard lines, the ball just falling short of the uprights. The wearers of the green by this time had settled down to hard work, and were to he seen practising the art of passing, whereby they kept the visitors on the defensive. A beautiful passing movement by Butterworth, Warder, and Richardson re- sulted in last-named player racing over the line, passing at the right moment to J. Faulkner, who put the finish- ing touch to an excellent bit of combination. Tbis, the first score of the season, was the signal for loud and con- tinued cheerio., which was renewed when Houghton landed a goal, from a somewhat difficult position. The Lancastrians, who were by far the heaviest men, carried the scrimmages, with the result that they invaded the home lines, and on several occasions almost scored. Their final efforts, however, lacked finish. Houghton displayed the defensive powers for which he has lang had a reputation. Ultimately the ball was got away, and Walker, with a splendid dribble, took play to the opposite en.!, but his career was checked by Trow. Both teams played with the greatest determinati en, and matters became of an interesting and exciting character. Runcorn havieg another penalty kick accorded to them Houghton negotiated it almost with success, the oval dropping just under the bar. Thence to half time the game was carried on in more neutral territory. The score at the interval was, Runcorn, one gaol; Tyldesley nothing. Mr. Speakman kicked off en behalf of the visitors, to which Faulkner made but a feeble reply. The visitors, as the result of a grand display by their forwards, gave the home defence plenty to do. In the scrimmages they were very successful, but the back division were again at fault, they failing time after time to improve the opportunities given them by the brothers Berry. Through the splendid combination of Hughes, Warder, and Richardson relief came, and for several minutes hostilities were carried on in the visitors' quarters, Butterworth almost cross- ing the lines, he having passed Trow. Lawton was his stumbling block. After some further exchanges, Evans, Lawton, and the brothers Berry made tracks for the home citadel but Houghton was tc o much for them, he displaying his old form, and and with his huge punts finding touch, thus placing his colleagues in a good position. Tall kicking between the { respective custodians was the neat interesting feature, and in response to one by Trow,Houghton was compelled to touch down. The Cestrians put in good work, and { tried to increase their score. They kept on the aggres- { sive,and on several occasions experienced very hard { lines. Trow was so severely pressed that he had to ran back over his line. Sill the play continued in close proximity to Tyldesley's citadel, and although the visi- tors were awarded a penalty kick it proved of slight ad- vantage, for they were compelled to touch down twice in quick succession. Within three or four minutes of the close Houghton negotiated a penalty kick, and was suc- cessful in sending the ball between the uprights, a feat which was loudly applauded. The home team continued to hays the upper hand up to the time when the whistle blew, the score then standing Runcorn two goals (one penalty) Tyldesley nil.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

ri_l3o. G. BUSSEY & CO.. are makers of H igh Class applil ances for Football, Golf, Hockey, Lacrosse, and al Sports and Games. also for Gymnasia and Physical Exercises. Illustrated Catalogue may be obtained from local Dealers or the Sports Manufactory, London, S.E. Trade Mark G.G.B.

LATCHFORD JUNIORS V. STOCKTON MUTH TEMPER- 1 ANCE.—Played on the ground of the former on Saturday, Latchford winning by 43 runs. Score : LaTCYLPOII.D. STOCKTON HEATH. Conway run out Banks c Gibson b Whitlow 33 Wilkinson Smith c Griffiths b Whit- Bailey c Smith b Conway 7 low Hallows b Whitlow Cummings b Spensley 2O Whitlow b Wilkinson 2 Banning b Spensley Wilkinson c Mason b Griffiths run out 0 Spensley 6 Davenport c Banks b Knight c Bailey b Whitlow 1 Conway Taylor b Whitlow Burgess not out Howard c Hobin bSpeuoley 1 Pickles not out 2 Extras 5 Extras

Totil

Total

SANKEY WIRE MILLS Y.- -WIDNES WHITE ROSE.—This I match was played at Widnes on Saturday, and resulted 1 after an exciting game in a draw of 28 runs each. Hob- son and Marshall bowled extremely well for the visitors, the former taking three for 13, and Marshall five for three,doing the hat trick. For the homesters Sadler and Wall bowled finely,and it was owing to their efforts that they escaped defeat. Score : WHITE ROSE. WIRE MILLS. Wall c Evans b Hobson lO Williams c Wall b Sadler 0 Wilcox b Simpson Sadler b Hobson Bingham c Hooper b Woodcock b Sadler 6 Marshall 4 Marshall c Wilcox b Smith at Cook b Marshall 3 Sadler Risley at Cooke b Marshall 0 Evans b Sadler 1 Teasdale not out 3 Bailey c andb Sadler 0 Hindry c Woodcock b Hobson not out 7 Marshall 2 Croskill c and b Sadler 8 Barber run out 0 Simpson run out 2 Seddon c Marshall b Moss e Wall b Sadler

_ Hobson Martindale c Hooper b Marshall 0 Extras

Total 2B ---.40--. LYM3I.

Total

DEATH OF MR. RICHARD DUTTON.—It is with regret we announce the death of Mr. Richard Dutton, formerly of West View, Lymm, at Cl2eve, near Bristol,which took place on Sunday morning. News reached Lymm on Sunday that he was very ill, and special prayers were offered on his behalf at theLymm Congregational Church on Sunday morning, bnt from news received on Mlnday it seems that he died during the hours of morning ser- vice. Mr. Dutton was formerly agent for the late Col. Fox's estate, and whilst he was a resident in Lymm was a leading spirit among the Lymm Congregationalists, and was also deservedly popular with all sections and creeds in the neighbourhood. He left Lymm about five years ago to live with his son, who had taken up his residence at Cleeve. He had served in several public offices, including that of a member of the Lymm Local Board. Mr. Dutton,who was a Liberal in politics, leaves a widow and three grown-up children.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT SANKEY

SCHOOL BOARD MEETING.—The monthly meeting of the Greak Sankey School Board was held last evening in the Boardroom. There were present—alessrs. T. Halton J. Kilshaw, the Rev. E. S. Jackson, the Clerk (Mr. Jeans), and Mr. George Clarke (schoolmaster).—rhe Rev. E. S. Jackson said it had again fallen to his lot to propose a chairman for the Board. He might say that a membership OR the Board did not seem 3 to be coveted in the district. He had great pleasure in proposing Mr. Halton as chairman of the Board for the ensuing year.— Mr. Kilshaw seconded.—Mr. Halton said if he was in order he would propose that Mr. Jackson should take the chair.—Mr. Jackson said his health did not permit him, but he would be pleased to give the chairman assistance and support.—Mr. Halton said if it was their wish for him to take the chair he would be willing to do so, and do all he could for the welfare of the Board. He had not been a member of the Board before, and was quite new to the nature of the work. If he had the assurance of Mr. Jackson and the other member that they would give him all the support they could,he would be pleased to take the chair. (Flear,hear.)—Mr. Halton was then elected chairman.—The election of vice-chairman was left over until the next meeting.—Mr. Bate and Mr. Wright were elected to make up the number of the members of the Board subject to their consent.—A pre- cept was served on the overseers for £45,

===== 0002601_18960912_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NEWS.

The marriage at Folkestone of the third daughter the late Rev. Ralph Tollemache, rector of Witham, 11; colnshire, with Mr. Charles Bryant, a few days ago, .W for the phenomenal length of the bride,' name. The young lady signed the register as Mal 3. Helmingham Ethel Huntingtower Beatrice Blazonbere: Evangeline Vise de Orellana Plantaganet Tolding SW° Tollemache. Note ithstanding the trying ordeal of re; peating so many names, the bridegroom, we are assure acquitted himself with" remarkable firmness "arid lorc); nounced his vows " without any sign of nervousnesa., In the beginning of the century there was a farnae' heiress, Miss Ketleby-Randal, who inherited two large fortunes from near relations, respectively named Jollr!, ston and Thompson, who insisted upon her adding thelt names to her own. She rejoiced in the following aerie, of names, which in length nearly rivals that of Mg: Charles Bryant: Anna Maria Gertrude Jane SoPw", Selina Johnston Thompson Kettleby-Randal. The recent case of a baby only a few months 00 be: ing sold for a shilling, in Lincolnshire, is not at all (5311; a correspondent) an unprecedented occurrence. Su., instances could easily be multiplied, but one, having: strange similarity to the above, will suffice. In Mare' 1894, a case was heard before the Durham inagistratell during which some strange facts came to light. A miner' named Cadman, was charged with an assault on his vant girl, named Shaw. The latter, in cross-exam'' tion,said she had been sold to the accused by her father, a whitesmith, of Dudley. The agreement, which vre! read in court, was as follows :—" I give my daughtel into the care of your hands, to feed and to clothe her ie a proper manner. If not suited in one month, returts my daughter to me same as she came to w• -rk for a W.: ing. I sell you my daughter for one shilling.—You' truly, F. Shaw."

ser I

An ingenious cyclist,writing in one of the London morrY ing papers suggests that the disused or uselesi canals should be run dry and turned into cycle tracld; He even enters into a calculation to show that it woula, pay a company to do it—at least near London. An WO track, he thinks, might be mace out of some canal beJ for 50 miles out of London, and a small charge made for the liberty of careering along the converted way.

William Jennings Bryan was originally employed 01 ' s." farm hand in Salem Illinois. He was always ah, worker, and entered with enthusiasm into all be did He earned his first dollar as water carrier, he being WI thirteen years old, and a strong and powerfully-built lata for his age. He invested his weekly earnings in boolat and he was a ravenous reader. Even at that early age he was a keen politician, and when the men were rest' log from their work in the shade of a fence youil Bryan would stand before them and declaim his viesiP on the political situation with energy and enthusiasra. He was always looked up to by the other farm-handh who always paid him a good deal more respect than hi° years warranted. Indeed, the others regarded him as man, and treated him as such.

Nancy Ball, who was born at Brawell on March 0' 1794, and from the age of sixteen had been in the Ser, vice of a well-known Quaker family named Tanner,dieo on Friday at the house of Mr. Arthur Tanner, Oakridg6 Sidert, Semerset,at the age of 102. The old woman," was in possession of all her faculties till the the last fel/ weeks, had been in the service of the Tanners throue five generations, and several members of the famili have photographs of representatives of their genertv tions with the centenarian in the midst of them. Mani years ago she married the gardener and lived in a CO' tage on the estate, but as soon as her husband died 5136 went back to service in the house and continued to helP in the household work, but with certain privileges, ill' cluding a comfortable corner in the kitchen, where 0136 often entertained those around her by her recollectioo6 of the scare in the village when there was a talk of NaPct, leon threatening to invade England. She remembereo, how eagerly any news was devoured as soon as it arrive,' by the coach. Mrs. Ball was sturdy ald strong and ac' tive down to four years age, when she fell down stela, but refusing all help, though much bruised, she piekell herself up and wonderfully recovered from the shock' She kept actively about tiil five weeks ago when het appetite gave way, and she declinnd to have her nightli glass of wkisky and water to which she had been acce tomed for the last quarter of a century. She could rel well, and only took to spectacles late her life. 141), long ago she was awarded a gold medal and certificat,, foe honourable and prolonged service, and she was Ven proud of the gold medal.

The Berlin correspondent of the " Standard " writeg —A highly interesting discovery, which will perbsPs afford a clue to the cause of cancer, has been made it! Professor Von Leyden's University H spital here. 1" young woman of 22 and a man of 63,both suffering fro' ascites and cancer of the stomach, were brought to the hospital last spring. In order to remove the accu nvi; lated fluid, tapping was resorted to in both cases. The fluid was examined under the microscope, and hitherto o unknown living organisms, belonging probably to tb_ protemoa,were discovered. Professor Waldayer,to vrh°lP the preparations were submitted, advised that tbe/. should be sent to Dr. Schaudinn,assistant at the Zootogi cal Institute of the Berlin University, who has been ir.i; vestigating the protozoa for years past. Fie began s examination on July 19, and ascertained in both case hich the fluid contained a parasitic aniceboid rhizopods 1 he named " Leydenia gemMipara Schauoinn.” ferred that it is a pathogenic organism, but both he an Professor Von Leyden still abstain from deciding as to the connection between it and cancer, though they ad- mit the possibility of such a connection. They hale made a preliminary communication on the subject to the Berlin Academy of Science.

At Havre on Tuesday evening a terrible accideeD occurred in a shop stocked with old iron, by which on! life was lost. Two young workmen named Louvel au° Lemesle, aged 17 and 14, entered the place for the pur pose of disposing of some iron barrel hoops. By sortie unfortunate mischance one of the youths picked up shell lying near at hand, and inadvertently let it droP; The projectile exploded with terrible foree, and LouVo was killed instantly. His companion's left arm w partially blown off, and had to be amputated on his 11_0: mittance to the hospital. A colonel in the artillery, well as the Mayor of Havre, have visited the scene 0; the accident, and examined the fragments of the shell' All are at a loss to explain how the explosive came to lying in the shop, but it is thought that it was bougin with a quantity of old iron, and that the purchaser di° net know the character of the dangerous article. The new Mannlicher magazine rifle (1895 pattero), adopted by the Austrian Government, is said to gilt' most satisfactory results. One hundred and fifty thoir sand of these weapons have already been issued to the troops. It is the lightest army rifle now in use, weigh' ing only 711 b.. while the old Austrian rifle weighed 91111: The barrel is encased in wood in its entire length, tnu, protecting it against damage by a fall or blow. Tbe bayonet as well vs its scabbard is also liehter than for' merly. The bore is the same as before, viz.,'3lsin., and the cartridges remain the same as for the previous pat' tern, so that the two weapons may be used together without any difficulty.

Apropos of prison reform, it is interesting to Imo/ that the mosticomfortable prison in the world is he 113 e United States. This is the Massachusetts Reformatorl at Concord, which, conducted on the " collegiot!, system," is, according to an authority, entitled to tho unique distinction, though its inmates include the avoro; class of criminals. Five years is the maximum perioa of detention, and even this may, by good behaviour, 13_,,,e reduced to eleven months. While incarcerated ther lectures on political, social, religious, trade, and Per, sonal subjects are delivered to the prisoners, mainly bY clergymen and professors, once or twice a week. The., there are classes for the study of music, politico' economy, mathematics, and architectural drawing, i° connection with the last of which the class execute free; hand designs in terra-cotta, plaster, and stucco, ow" also make designs for internal and external house deco' ration in wood, iron, stone, &c., with periodical exsl2r inations. In addition to the above there are also a debating society, a scientific and literary club, and 0, athletic asseciation, besides a farm of 100 acres works" by the prisoners, with several hundred cattle and pigs and a printing-office and weekly newspaper—the latter written, composed, and machined wholly in the " refer matory " itself. This may read like a romance, but 1G is a liceral fact. The contrast, physical and mental. v hich exisel between Mr. McKinley and Mr. Bryan, the two chie racers in the United States Presidential Stakes, finds a corresponding reproduction in the case of their wivels; Mrs. McKinley, who is middle-aged, has been for moo! years almost an invalid, a fact which has, no donbr helped to make her the quiet, interesting, and essenK ally feminine woman she is—dependent on hor 131181)0° for most of the simple pleasures which go to make a the relaxations of her life. Like most of her countrc women, she is particularly fend of diamonds, and tilt opal finds special favour in her eyes, especially when 8' with diamonds. Mrs. McKinley is a childless won3o; for both her sorts died many years ago, and no other 7 have come to take their place. Mrs. Bryan, on the other hand, is a young wane, scarceiy more than thirty. She takes an absorbing It, terest in politics, quite apart even from the natural terest in the matters affecting her husband's welfare; and she has done not a little to advance his infinen and popularity by making herself agreeable to the thou:, sands of women she has had to meet since the nornil, tion of the" boy orator of Nebraska." She has ous disregard for the gee-gaws and frippery of ordina';', femininity,and very rarely wears any jewellery or ort2,.', mental decoratiops on the plain and simple dresseS 50'f, affects. While comfortably off, she is by no meonAai rich woman, for her husbund's salary for the editair'et office he filled on one of the Omaha papers waatere large. Be added to it by travelling about the Wes,itte• States giving " lectures," a peculiarly American in.,‘,7" tion, conducted under the auspices of the Young ""Teeio Christian Association and similar organisations- aid has led to the accusation of Mr. Bryan being Or ifere agent of a section of American mine-owners, and t of fore pledged to advoccte at all costs the free coinag;ncl silver. Mr. Brvan,however,denies these allegatinn_allie. claims that his lectures were paid for only in be. °_l::arr ary way, as they were undertaken merely for f 0 pose of adding to his capacity to support his virl their four children.

:RA I I,WA-

FROM ~Acton Bridge-7 10, 4. Sundays 10 15 a. Altur and Hillhouse 419 Sun lays 936, 25 , Birmingham (L & 15,7 20, 11 35. "AYS on,v, b Mondays Birmingham (Midia °55.11 52. Sundays 1 t Blackburn -2 37, 52E '14,8 47 Sundays 84 Blackpool-5 29, 5 .45, 614, 7 17, 847, 1 1:°1ton -5 45, 8 ,5,1( "Mays 8 43 a.m., 5 ( Carlisle-2 37, 5 29, '1,335 Chester-7 42,9 5,10 4, 742, IQI4. 11 32 Collins Green-7 10. 20, 7 8, 9 25, 10 30. ,Oreive-a3 0, b 3 23, '145,, 320, 515, 72 "• aMondays exc Daresbury-7 42, 9 ll'lays 8 44, a,m. 7 4 t Derby (Midland)-E qticla ys 45 a.m., 4 1,11, arlestov.n -5 453 ;1•„5„,3 30,3 48. 5 5, 5 2! 13 35, 8 43,a.m. 4 t Edinburgh-Z37. 5 '‘,4claYs 237 a.m. 9 icidler's Ferry & .512,6 17,80,94 7.7,3(151Am-7 42.9 10 14. Sundays garston (Cheshire s 5. 10, 40, 529 ..,4373 90, 955. 11 e, Y. csaturdays t Glasgow-2 37. sr, tdays 2 37, a.m., l olborne-5 45,7 ( '45 10 10. Sundays 11ocitheen-7 - 60, 70, • 0,11 25, 2 39, 918. Irlatn and Cadish vl3, 9 15. Sundays E inLatchford.-From P 449, 12 36. 1 16. 3 '4l,ldays 8 50, 3 8, 8 Liverpool (L. & N as2„7, 1 15, 348. 55, 843. 328. 456 ondaye excepted , Liverpool (From L 453,1 55, 3 30, 5 12 , Liverpool (Chesh 50,95, 950, 10 24 15, 141,150,210 , , 7 0, 7 SC, a o, 8 Ilndays a 3J,5 30, 9 ,qlB, 10 33. c6atur ,%turdays. London (L. &N.' 0,3 20,5 15, 11 35 `keepr ed. bNionda. London (Midlaw 4,4 Bays 11 45 a•m• 'lrnm-6 20, 7 21 74, 518. 6 13. 7 tdays only. I..nanehester (L. & 45,8 35,9 19, 10 .0, 1,9 2, 1030. Si From High Le "•;_ePted. akanchester (Proi 20, 7 50, 8 57,9 5: "tidays 846. 35. anchester (Clu 1055, 11 25, g„59,7 0, 7 55. 812, ilstklay; 8 56, 9 31 10 0. aSaturc 411ddlewieli-7 kure-7 35,1 5( OCwtonleWillO 10 40, 10 55. '1,99,9 25, 10 10 7 47, 3 58, adg,,e -7 0, 7 t 6,7 0, 8 12, 9 15 37. 5 343, 445, 6 0 9 45. ,4,lncorn-7 38,f nk,v (for Pet 44, 258, 40, 52E 1125. 2 -Ya only. clion 4„tfield (Mid 155, 10 55, 125 Et"t• Helens-5 31 62Q, 7 8, 9 2f• 111°,41,111pr', (Chi a Ar,u 1 14. 315. ciSaturdays helwall-5 20. :a. 613. 7 8. a 7 ' only. From , vYidnes (Cheshi j.lO. 2 53, 4 o, 5 5375 90, 9 36, 2 My. , Widnes ( L. an 40, 5 12,6 .7. 8 ( Wigan-237' 5 46. 614, 717 35, 6 0, 9 45 .

===== 0002601_18960912_art0102.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A

===== 0002601_18960912_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
rEWS.

e third daughter of tor ef Witham, Lioi a few clays ago, woe 3ngth of the bride register as blabs! 3atrice Blazonberrie tnet Saseo ryin ordeal of re' om, we are assured, firmness "and Pe; gn of nervousness; lere was a faraoub nherited two large tively named Jobr on her adding their the following seriee vats that of gri: :rude Jane Sopa' Randal.

few months old 3, ill not at all (sar, occurrence. SLIP but one, having! suffice, In Mall° arhana magistrate4o e to light. A miner, I assault on his ser in cross-examiar used by her Whet* ement, which ic .0 give my daughter,. Ind to clothe ber one month, retail 3 to w-rk for a lir, le shilling.—YouP

f the London molt' isused or useleg into cycle trackt 30W that it Wool London. An idol of some canal bed 11 charge made fOr trted way.

tlly employed ail Is always a bat' into all he did' ier, he being toil Werf 11V•bUi 1 t lad anings ia boolth at that early BO 3 men were ray a fence, yoUrit leclaim his vievii and enthusiasol. ther farm-hand' respect than Dl' 'egarded him all

yell on March 15° i been in the set', kmed Tanner,dies tanner, Oakridgt le old womangsvi! 11 the the last few Tanners througo of the familf of their genera' of them. Mani nd lived in a cot' husband died ON Continued to hell/ ,in privileges, ill: tchen, where 1310 her recollectioso as a talk of Neel She rememberel soon as it arrive" d strong and acr fell down stairil ised, she picks' from the shock' :s ago when be have her nightli had been aneur, . She could react, in her life. 1"v d and certificat, Lnd she was ved

tndard " writeg :h will perbalo s been made le spital here. .41' ;h suffering 11.00 e brought to the re the accuMlP both cases. Tbe 3e, and hitherto )robably OS Ildayer,to whoa' ised that tbel t at the zoelogl" ho has been He begaa bia d in both oarS rhizopod• Ann." Ile ill" but both be and deciding ail te tough they ad n. They hale le subject to tbe

rrible accidso , by which 013/ led Louvel and ce for the put' oops. By sorne is picked up :y let it chop: ee, and Louv& left arm *Ol bated on his au' he artillery, a5l d the scene 0' ts of the Isbeo. sive came to be, it was bouglY; purchaser dIP article.

;1895 pattern)' said to give and fifty thoir I issued to the in use, weigh' s weighed 911 b; re length, mu' or blow. TO !hter than for iz.,'3151n., and previous Pat ussd togetbe+

sting to know' vorld is in tbe s iieformatorl 3e "collegia? ntitled to 031 2lude the WOO LXiMUM period behaviour, b.. 6, .rcerated thery de, and Per ers, mainly bi week. Theft° usic, politic al drawing, la Is execute frer stucco, alid at house deco' riodical exara' ) are also 1/ club, and all acres worked ttle and pig° Der—the latter in the mace, but I"

hich exlo the two chief ;takes, finds 0 )f their wive, been for mall IS, no doubv.' and essentl. fl hr husband '0 to make a her count' ionds, and the nally who seo ildless and no other'

7oung worn,ari, absorbing I.°, the natural In and's welfar,et; e his inflnen— le to the tiantl: Ile the nomiatt, he has a core/ Ty of ordinar; ellery or orrte pie dresses su,. )y no meyarlf/.l:j 1r the editorlot pprs wsB 0 t the Westftro. _ prica. ,ehg young t. 111.4 9-104i-rg the rs, -and tneroef ret, coinage d v hp ordl" ID ur v for the P ,-bis Wife 3'

===== 0002601_18960912_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
AATI,W AN TIME TABLE

EMBER, FROM WARRINUTON TO

LitttO. Bridge-="11-0-,-7 35, 828, 10 45, 1 50, 2 35, 515, 5 35h cy Sundays 10 15 a.m. ..41tUr and Hillhouse-7 12, 8 31,a1l 15,1 14.a3 15,a 40, a6O • Sun lays 9 36, 2 5,8 50. a Stops if requirea. 1 alxiningham (L& N.-W.)63.0. a 3 23,7 10,7 35,9 50,10 45,120, taw. 15, 7 20, 11 35. Sundays 3 0.10 16, 4 2G, 1135, anon- oh,V, b Alondaye excepted. ....Innin;tham (Midiand)-6 6. 959, 11 55, 12 55, 3 20, 5 0, ' °hal 52, Sundays 11 45, 4 25,5 15 p.m. B▪ lackburn -2 37, 5 29, 5 45, 8 35, 955. 1225, 2 25, 4 45, ▪ .847 Sundays 843,60. 4 al31"1,P001-5 29, 5 45, 835, 9 55, 11 40, 12 25, 225, 614, 17, 8 47, 10 2. Sundays 2 57, 8 43, 60. IZ• Iton-5 45,8 15,100, 1040.1 15, 320,4 21, 6 25,7 17,9 2. -s'ldaYs 843 a.m., 5 0. 8 58, p.m. Oarlisle-2 37, 5 29, 5 45, 9 55, 11 40, 2 25, 3 48. Sundays P, a 35 PheBter-7 42,9 5,10 23,12 7,12 15,1 40,1 52,3 13, 4 22, 5 11. • 742, 1014, 11 32. Sundays 844 10 26 a.m. 7 45, 1132. Collins Green-? 10. 820. 10 5, 12 7, 1 15, 330, 3 48, 56, 2,9, 78, 9 2,5, 10 30, Sundays 8 43, 60. ewe-a 3 0, 53 23, 7 10, 735, 8 28, 9 50, 10 45, 12 0, 1 59, 3 20, 5 15, 723, 11 35. Sundays 30, 10 15, 4 23, • aMoudays excepted. Mondays only. snesbury-7 42, 9 5, 12 15, 1 52, 3 13, 5 11, 6 4, 7 42, 10 14 VaYs 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. ,Oerby (Midland)-6 6, 959, 11 55, 12 55, 320, 50, 11 53, hklays 11 45 a.m., 4 25,5 15 p.m. arlestow n-5 45,7 10,8 25,8 35,10 5,10 40, 1055, 12 7,12 25. 71,.3 30,3 48. 55,5 25 6 20,7 8. 9 25, 10 16, 10 30. Sundays, V.,8 35, 8 43,a.m. 4 56,6 0, 47,9 45 p.m. 814(11nburgh-2 37. 5'9. 9 55, 11 40, 12 25, 2 25, 210 3 48, tidays 237 a.m. 9 45 p.m. iddler's Ferry & Penketh -7 38, 8 25, 9 43, 11 53, 1 55, 41„. 512, 6 17, 89. 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40. 7 50. 7,frodsham-7 42, 95, 10 23. 12 15. 152, 3 13, 4 22, 5 11, 6 4, '12,10 14. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p.m. I,tiarsf,on (Cheshire Liues3-7 12, 756, 831. 9 5. 12 0, • 2 Z 10 4 0 5 29. 70. 80, c 9 30, dlO 20. 11 39 Sun- -9 0;. 9 55, 11 25, 2 39. 7 30, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays Y. csaturdays excepted. 441asgow-2 37, 529. 9 55, 11 40, 12 25, 2 25, 5 425, 10 2. n'udays 2 37, a.m. 9 45. lb• oroe-5 45,7 10,8 35. 10 55,12 25, 1 15, 3 48, 525, 717, '°lo 10, Sundays 8 43. 60. Roogn Green-7 12, 7 56,8 31, 95, a 9 30,12 0, 1 5,2 10,4 0 119. 60, 70, 80, 69 30, alo 20, Sunday v,.11 25, 2 39, 918. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted. o,rlana and Cadishead (Central)-7 0. 7 55, 8 13, 70, 7 55, • 9 15. Sundays 8 56, 10 12. 3 25, 5 15. 7 18,9 35. 11,44, tchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, T 22. 80,90, 9 58 F,:19, 12 36. 1 16. 338. 4 11, 5 18, 6 13, 78, a 7 45, 9 13 Ildays 8 50, 3 8. 818. aSaturdays only. ie4„iverpool (L. & N.-W.)--3 sa, 5 32, 7 10, 8 20, 8 35, 105. „f, 1 15, 3 48, 55,620 7 8, 9 25, 10 30. Sundays 35, 5 30, eta. 843, 3 28. 4 56, 60, 9 45. From High Level Platform. 4,ondays excepted. „Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-? 38, 825,9 43, 109' '153,1 55, 3 30, 5 12,6 17.8 0, 9 48. Sundays 848,240, 750' , Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-34 33, 530, 7 12, 7 56, 8 31. &0,95, 950. 1024, 1030, 10 50, 11 50, 120, 12 50, 12 57. 1 41, 1 50, 2 10, 2 50,3 3, 3 37, 3 50, 4 0, 4 50, 550, 618 ;50, 70, 7 50,8 0, 8 50,9 6,9 20,b9 3010 15 10 46. clllO, 11 39 tndays 4 3.,,5 30, 90, 955, 11 25. 2 20, 239. 7 10, 830.9 18, 18, 10 33. csaturdays only. aßxcept Mondays. bexcept mturdays. ..London (L. & N.-W.)-a3 0, 6323. 735. 950. 1045, 120 ,3 20,5 15, 11 35. Sundays 3 0, 10 15,4 20,11 35 Mondays 'eepted. bMondays only. kLondon (Midland)-6 16, 9 59, 11 39, 12 55, 3 20, 50,11 53 daYs 11 45 a.m., 425 p.m. I l4‘,3▪ 'sarn.-6 20, 7 22. 80, 9 0, 9 58, 10 49, 12 36, 1 16, 3 38, 5 18, 6 13. 78, a 7 45. 9 13. Sundays 8,50, 33, 8 18. ,4turdays only. anehester (L. & N.-W.) a 2 45, 63 10, 6445. 5 45, 7 10 I'V„, 8 35,9 19, 100,10 40, 12 14, 1 15,2 0.3 20, 421, 525, 65 2, 10 30. Sundays 3 10. 7 40, 843 a.m.,5 0, 60, 7 47. From High Level Platform. &Mondays only, bMondays aanc'nester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-*6 20 ihtu, 7 53, 8 57. 9 55, 10 46. 1 14, 3 35, 4 9, 6 18. 7 5, 9 10, 11 40. -Vays 8 46. 3 5. 8 15, 11 40. *From Arpley Station. ittanchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 755, 8 13, 8 55, 92. ') 1055, 1125, 11 55, 1255, 155 255. 3 55, 455, 555, 10:7 0. 7 55, 8 12,8 55, 9 15, 9 55, alo 0, all 15, 1150, 611 57, 4days 8 56, 9 37, 10 12, 35, 323, 515, 718, 8 55, 9 22. • 10 0. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Eiddiewich-7 35, 10 45. 2 35, 5 35, 7 20. Lgoore-7 35, 1 50,2 35, 535, 7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m. 453,3 10c, a 4 45, 5 45,7 10, 8 35,9 19, 0. 10 40, 10 55, 1214, 12 25,1 15. 3 20, 3 48, 4 21, 5 25, 6 25 1;,59 2,9 25, 10 10,10 30. Sundays 3 10,7 40. 8 43, a,m., 35, 6 • 0, 7 47. 3 58, 9 45. aMondays only, cMondays excepted. sdig,te-7 0, 755,8 13,8 47,10 27, 11 0, 12 27,1 44, 2 17,3 55, °Zia 0, 8 12, 9 15. Sundays 8 56, 10 12, 350, 515 9 35. crest,o,_2 37, 529. 545, 8 35, 955. 11 40, 12 25, i 1,25. 3 43, 415, 6 14, 7 17, 8 47, 10 2. Sundays,2 37, 8 43, • 6 0 9 45. 141ficorn-7 38,8 25, 9 43. 11 53, 1 55, 3 30, 5 12, 6 17, 8 0, ti°,,e.fikev (for Penketh)-c7 i 2, 7 56, 9 5, 105, 11 0, 120, 1 5, tl3/45 258, 40, 5 29, 60, 70,80, a 9 30, 610 20, 1046. Sun- -90, 11 25. 2 39, 9 18. aSaturdays excepted. bSatur- tonly. cMondays only. (C.L.C.) 6.fri (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line Oh, 10 55, 1255, 155, 6 55. Sundays 937 a.m, 3 50, 5 15, 511. Helens-5 32, T 10,8 23,8 35,10 5, 1040, 127, 1 15, 3 30, 620, 78, 925, 1020. Sundays 835. 843,456.60, 945 liNhuort (Cheshire Lines)-4 30, 5 30,7 12, 8 31, a 9 39, ' 114, 3 15, 40, 56, 6 0.7 9,9 10. Sundays 9 36, 2 5, aSaturdays only. 4'4 elwall-5 20, 7 22, 8 0, 9 0, 9 58, 10 49,12 36,1 16,3 38,4 11 2 4"5 613. 78. a 7 45,9 13. Sundays, 8 50, 38, 8 18. a Satur Z! only. From Ariiley Station. :Y'dues (Cheshire Lines) -7 56, 95, 10 5, 11 0, 12 0, 1 5, d,to. 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60,70, 80, 9 10, a 9 30, 610 20. Sun- -90, 9 36, 2 39.9 18, aSaturdays excepted. bSaturdays Widnes (L. and N.-W-) -7 38, 8 25, 9 43, 10 9, 11 53, 1 55, It; 6 12,5 /7. 80. 9 48. Sundays, 8 48, 2 40,? 50. 4 45.47:1742k1• 529. 5 45, 8 35, 955, 11 40, 1225, 2 25, 3 48, 3 35, 60,9 4& 17' 8 47' 102, 1010. Sundays 237, 843,

TO WARRINGTON PROM , Acton Bridge-6 36, 7 45,8 52, 11 43, 4,7, 440. 6 44, 829 °lll3.days 7 53, 4 32. &hear and Hillhouse-1 16, 7 18, 8 24, 954. Sundays 20,2 31,822. irrningharn (L. & N.-W.)-3 10, 550, 7 20, 9 0, 11 30,3 40„ -90 25,8 30.10 15,11 15. Sundays 3 10,12 15, 7 0,13 15,11 15 tllirrninghana (Slidla” i)-6 5, 8 50; 11 30, 1 25, 2 40,' IL) 6 45. 510 30,11 19. 6undays 4 15, a.m., 4 0, 1119. bEx.- "K„ Mondays. ikaltclipurn-8 30, 850, 1048, 1 55, 2 4, 320,5 34,7 55, 10 12, clays 8 0, 1 47, 5 40,7 50. I,4lackpool (Talbot Road)-8 10, 8 45, 9 55, 10 35, 35, 0, 8 35, 10 0. Sundays 7 25, 1 35, 5 15, 8 40. • (Central)-7 25, 7 55, 827, 8 55, 9 55. 1025, 1 50, "1/41„. 440. 655. 8 15,1010 Sundays 7 10,1 15, 4 55. 8 40, Lsolton--5 45, 8 0, 8 40, 9 15. 10 35. 12 35, 2 20, 415, 5 10, 830, alo 55, Sundays 820 a.m.,6 10, 930 p.m. aSatur- ",,,t_,Y 'ar°nlisle-• 12 5, 6 40, 8 40, 12 50, 1 40, 4 22, 5 38, 841 tladays 12 5 a.m., 8 41, 12 10 p.m. ~.012,ester-2 32, 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 1012,11 5, 11 40, 1 25, 2 10, an guo,3 45' 55. 5 30,6 35.7 35,7 45,8 35, 10 0. Sundays 2 0, 2 32, 6 50.. 8 30,p.m. aSaturdays only. Grren-6 39,7 16.8 42,10 9,11 28,12 38,1 4,1 43, 2 10 0,5 28, 6 23, 9 16, 10 46. Sundays 8 13. a.m., 715. a"rewe-2 1, 455, 6 0,6 30, 8 13.9 20, 11 5, 11 10, 1 50,2 35, ,„v,5 40, 65. 8 5. 9 20. Sundays 2 1, 4 55, 7 10, 2 40, 4 0.9 12. huare,pury-8 16, 10 17, 1143. 2 47, 5 42, 8 23. Sundays • a.m. 737 p.m. I).,merby_B 15, 10 10, 1 13, 35, 3 50, 4 45, 7 0, 83, al2 35 • Sundays 3 37), 7 30, 6 18, 6 50, 3 33. aExcept Mondays. arlestowa-6 59, 7 20, 848, 9 32, 10 13, 1026, 11 26, 12 53, (,),1 47.2 15,3 20,5 8,5 32,5 58,6 37.7 38, 9 20, al2 0. Sundays _4. 9 59, 10 3, 4 0, 7 23. aSaturdava only. h4dinburgh-10 15, 20,6 0. 9 10. Sundays 60, a.m. 9 10, 6.7lddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 1.2, 95.9 43, 12 24, 2 17, 3 2 62. 654, 8 57. Sundays 832, 2 57, 87. a rrodsham-7 55, 93. 102, 1127, 232,47, 5 27, 6 57, 87 141,1aYs 6 59. a.m. 7 16 p.m. ijiarston(Cheshire Lines)-5 44, 742,8 10, 90, 9 50, 10 40, 12 56. 2 13, 35, 4 20, 4 56, 59, 5 56, 657, 93, Sundays 6 23, 9 10. 2 40, 3 17, 4 42, 6 51, 8 54. r‘kilasgow-10 0, 20, 555, 95. Sundays 5 50, 95. leAolborne-6 44, 8 26. 10 12, 12 28,2 41, 436.5 35,7 15, 91, Sundays 9 40, 7 5. 41--)noug'A Green-7 55, 8 25, 99, 10 3,10 55,1 9,1 54. 2 24, 3 19, 523, 67, 7 11, 918, 11 35. Sundays 8 37, 9 20, 3 31, 6,5.0 10. L•rlitni and Cadishead (Central)-7 38, 9 53, 55, 8 52, 11 20, 141ays 10 59. 6 53, 8 35. 10 0. 44..atchf0rAi-8 13, 8 40. 932 10 2. 11 17, 1 20. al 45. 2 13 4 22. 5541. 6 7, 649, 7 49, 942. 1127. Sundays 833 , 7 23. aSaturdaya only. ',Saturdays excepted. 4verpo▪ I (via Earlestown)-a2 65, 60, 80, 9 20, 11 50, it", 2• 30, 430 5 35, 8 35, 105, ills*. Sundays 730,920 6.s 30, 8 40. gMondays only. *Saturdays only. Widnes--6 25,8 20, 95, 9 55, 1235, 130. 2 40, 3 35, 4 20, 65, 810, 1045. Sundays 745, 2 10. 7 20. 1045. ("I'verpool (Central)-5 35, 7 20, 8 30, 8 45, 9 30, 2,9 38, 1630 11 30.11 35,11 55, 1230,12 35, 1 0,1 30,1 50,20, 4 v. 3 45, 4 30, 4 40, 4 50, 530. 536, 6 30, 635, 7 30, 8 0 tl9 8 40, 9 30. alo 45, 11 0, 11 30. Sundays 8 0, 9 0, 2 30, 5,4 20,6 30,8 30,833.9 35. aSaturdays only. nden (L. & N.-W.)-5 15, 7 15,10 10,1210,2 10,4 10, 5 30, .ru. 12 0. Sundays 10 0 a.m.. 50,100, 12 0. 12'ondon (Midland)-5 15. 10 5. 12 0. 20, 40,50, a 9 15 v. Sundays 9 15, 12 0, 3 15. aexcept Mondays Iftlin -8 5 332, 9 23, 9 54, 11 9, 1 11, n 137, 2 5, 250 70, 5533, 552 6 41,7 41, 9 33, 11 19. Sundays 825, 2 25, '• aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. 1161halhester (L & N.-W.)-6 0,7 0,8 5,9 0.9 40,11 0, 1125, AA 8 32,3 0. 345,4 25.50, 5 10, 7 5, 9 20,10 40. Sundays 8 0, • 90, 9 50, a.m. 60, 10 40, From Exchange. tiCAlachest (London-ros.d)-7 15, 750, 9 25, 10 35, 12 35, 4, 20, 3 40,i 55 5, 5 20, 6 5. 7 5, 8 55, 10 45. Sun days .14, 6 30. bSaturdays excepted. a Saturdays only. IZarv:hester (Cheshire Lines)-6 48, 7 20, 8 30, a 9 5,9 30, 14,, 10 30, 10 45. 11 30. 12 30, 12 45, 1 30, 230, 3 30, 4 30. 5 30, 6 30, 6 38,7 30, 3 30. 8 33, 955, alo 50,11 0. Sun- ri,j''• 830, 9 10, 9 30,10 40.1 40,2 0 2 5,6 35, 8 15, 9 40. Satur- .Ls °lily. 4tiddie 'ch-6 48, 11 3702 42, 61. ir°re---7 0, 96, 11 57, 3 20. 4 55, 6 57. Sundays 8 15, 48. 11.4wton-!e-Willows.-6 55. 7 30.8 42, 924. 109. 10 22,11 23 12 45, 1 6,1 30,3 0, 4 7.4 58,5 5,5 49, 6 27,7 30.7 35, 9 9, 7• 11 B,all 43. Sundays 8 30,9 49,10 0, a.m. 3 55, 7 20, 11 5, ibLurdays only. eigate-7 51, 826, 90, 106. 19. 25, 513, 73, 916. Sun- -8 53, 11 20, 2 32, 9 12, 10 13. 4 9,r.eston-a2 11, 5 50, 6 25, a 9 5, 926, 10 10, 11 23, 246 4471 759, 9 30. 10 47. Sundays 2 11, 8 35, 3 15, 6 10, 10 46 It„ridaYa excepted. 200neorm-8 39, 9 19, 10 23, 12 29, 1 30, 2 56, 4 40, 5 43, 3.75,953. key (for Penketh)-6 51. 8 6. 8 41. 925. 10 19. 11 24. 4,11,, 1 36,2 5,2 40, 3 44, 4 35,521,5 40, 6 22,7 26, 9 34. Sun- a 49. 3 43, 5 7, 9 23, 4 sol.e_cil_et,l (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line -11 0, 1 .` 0, Nt Sundays 8 15 a.m. 6 5 pro, 155.r,rielens--6 25,7 0,8 23,9 18,9 55,11 C,1115,12 5,12 59,1 30, 750' 4 55, 445 515 610, 70, 90, 103), "1120. Sr' t iv .1,n., 6 55, 95. *Saturdays only. t, (Lord Street) --8 10, 8 55, 10 20. 11 25, 10. 2 15, ▪ 70, 85, a 9 0, 9 33. Sundays 90, 2 10, 30. a zatur- Tli'l only 8 56, 953, 1113, 115. al4l, 29, 255, 29. 7. 63, 6 45, 745, 9 37, 11 23. Sundays 8 25, tu. riturys • aturda only bS s e . Y 1 exce ,t d• 0 A .s (L. N-W )-7 5 8569331033 12 16 1 4 210 li••9r , , , , 0 6, • 0, 5 55, 6 46,3 50, 11 6. Sundays 824. 2 53, 7 39, 21Wklu 0 3 s,e's Cheshire Lines)-8 33,9 15, 109, 11 12, 12 25. 125, .)3, ::)• 3 23. 5 29, 6 12. 7 16. 756. 9 25. all 42 Sundays • 7.9 20. aO.l Saturgays only. 41, 35. 633, ‘8 15, 9 SI, 10 u, 11 23, 12 15, 4 54. ) 1;) I 1: , ) .n ays 2 a, 9 3), "u 6 55. 1 13.

GREAT MEETING OF WIRE-

===== 0002601_18960912_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
DRAWERS.

PRESENTATION TO WARRINGION MEN,

Under the auspices of the Federated Wiredrawers' Society of Great Britain, a large demonstration was held at the Belle Vue Gardens, Manchester, on Saturday, when there were wiredrawers from all the principal districts of England present in large numbers. The foilowing were the districts repre- sented :—Halifax No. 1, Warrington, Birmingham, Sheffield, Halifax No. 2, and Middlesborough. Judg- ing from the numbers present, it is evident that the Society is a very powerful and influential one, for there were between 600 and 700 present besides wives of the members. This is the first ven- ture of the kind in the history of the Society, and the officials and committee are to be congratulated upon its complete success. The members were conveyed by special trains from the various districts to Manchester, and it is satisfactory to notice that the Warrington district which is one of the largest in point of member- ship, furnished a large quota of the total number, no fewer than 300 leaving the Central Station for Belle Vue at two o'clock in the afternoon, accompanied by Mr. Nathan Cooke, the chairman of the district, Mr. T. Wadsworth, general secretary of the federated Society, and Mr. B. Hall, the general treasurer. When they arrived at Belle Vue, they spent the time before tea in visiting the various parts of the gardens, and many re- unions of old friends who had parted for years to work in different districts were to be witnessed. A splendid knife and fork tea had been prepared for the excursion- ists in one of the dining rooms of the gardens, and at this there were over 600 present. Ample justice was done to the tea by the wiredrawers, and after tea, a meeting was held in the room, presided over by Mr. Henry Walker, of Birmingham, the chairman of the Society. At this meeting, short addresses were given by representatives of the various districts upon topics con nected with the Society, which we report below, and op portunity was also taken to present Mr. T. Howard, a wiredrawer, formerly working at the Whitecross wire- 7?rks,WarrinF.:ton,incapacitated from work,with £6O u- tilising the amount raised for him by a draw piomoted by the Society. Much stress was laid upon the beneficent work which could be done by the Society, as it was thus shown that the Society could,in a very tangible manner, help its members who from sickness, or old age were unable to continue in their employment. Mr. T. Wads- worth, of Warrington, was also presented with an illum- inated address in recognition of his valued services to the Society as its general secretary for a number of years. The proceedings of the meeting were very enthu- siastic from commencement to the finish.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MEETING.

As we have mentioned above, immediately after the I tea, a meeting was held, over which Mr. H. Walker, of Birmingham, presided. The Chairman at the outset expressed his pleasure at attending a gathering of that description. He said that he thought it was a unique gathering in the history of the Federated Wiredrawers' Society of Great Britain. (Applause.) He did not purpose saying very much, but he hoped that the meeting that day would lead to prac- tical results. It was through the actions of just men in the past that they were enabled to meet together en that occasion that day, and he hoped that they would emul- ate the deeds of those in days gone by, by striving to strengthen their cause still more. He was proud to say that they were stronger numerically and financially, as the balance sheet showed, than ever they were before—(applause)—but they must not rest on their oars, and be content with what they had done. They were able to accom- plish even greater things than they had done up to the present. The speaker then proceeded to speak of the movement in the Birmingham district, showing the satisfactory condition of things there. He said that their union and the employers were not necessarily antagonis- tic. They were willing to adopt new methods as they were presented to them, provided tt ey were not asked to do anything unreasonable. (Hear,hear.) At the pre- sent time there was only one dark speck in the horizon, and that was in the north. He could tell them that their executive council were determined to Gee' with that question. (Applause.) In conclusion, he expressed his confidence in the success of the organisation, and its value in promoting the interests of the workmen. Mr. Hemingway, of Halifax No. 1, was the next speaker. He said that he held very advanced views on trade matters. grades unionism was all right, but he thought that they lost one object in view, and that ob- ject was that they were combined together to protect their interest when the capitalists made any encroach- ments upon them. They lost sight of this when the general election came round, and often voted for the man they were organised against. He thought that they ought to be more careful how they recorded their vates. He was glad that their general secretary,Mr. Wadsworth was to have a testimonial at that Meeting, as he was in every way worthy of it. (Applause.) Mr. N. Cooke, chairman of the Warrington district, said it gave him great pleasure to have an opportun4y of saying a few words. He hopsd that that meeting would incite each one to work more earnestly as trades unionists than they had done in the past. The principle of trades unionism was to his mind, that whilst they were on the one hand looking after their own interests, they were looking also after •their master's interests, because a man,if he was a thorough trades unionist,and had trades unionism at heart,would strive to be the best workman possible for him to be. He carried a character with him, and he would help the master to support the prices in the trade he had worked at. (Applause.) There were men, he admitted, who were trades union- ists from selfish motives. There were other men who were not trades unionists' but he was glad to say that they were few and far between. As far as the Warrington district was concerned, they had very few men who reaped benefit from the trade who were not in their organisation. These few men, however, were living upon what the union had got for them. The unien had done the hard work and brought things to what they were at the present time, and then these men were living upon them, and taking what they in that room should have. (Hear,hear.) He thought that a de- termined effort should be made to get all men outside into their organization. There should be an increased incentive for bringing about a better state of opinion,as they had been prospering very much as far as.numbers were concerned, and they had done their duty in the Warrington district. (Applause.) During the last 12 months, while they had had increased members in that district, they had been looking round to induce members to join their society. They had succeeded in inducing those who had served their legal time to ask for admission into the Society. They had taken them in, and they had a strong evidence of their power by the large number present from Warrington that day. (Applause.) It was for that meeting to strengthen the hands of their officials, and one very good way of doing that was to keep up their contributions every week. He hoped that every one would pay them punctually and not get into arrears, and that from that meeting they would be stronger trade unionists than ever they were before. (Applause.) Mr. Arnold, of Birmingham was the next speaker, and he spoke of the great difficulties under which the Society was formed. The Society, he said, had passed through some dark days, but from 1886 onwards they had improved their position step by step, and the re- sult was that meeting there that day. (Applause.) In 1884 or 1886, it would have been considered impossible that such a meeting could have been got together within such a short space of time. But do not let them suppose that the work was ended. It was only partially done, and he hoped that those present that day would go back again and leave no stone unturned until they had suc- ceeded in getting all the men who were earning a living in the wiredrawing trade within the pale of their society. (Applause.) Mr. W. Sheffield, the Sheffield delegate, thought that. the meeting that day should have good results, and great benefit should accrue to the cause of trade union- ism. They were he said, met that day as members of the great trades union movement, and he did not think there was a man present who was not prepared be recog- nise that the general tendency of society to-day was towards collectivism and that collectivism was becom- ing more acknowledged day by day, and year by year. Trade unionism was only part and parcel of that great collective effort. He was in favour of the amalgamation of trades unionists with each other, and he appealed to the young men present to come to the assistance of the society and to raise it to an even greater height than it had occupied before. Mr. Lewis Ellison, as representative of the small wire drawers, in Halifax No. 2 district also expressed his s.ppreciation of the work of the Society in his district. Mr. Wright, the Middlesborough representati se, then addressed the meeting. He said that while they were willing to work for the masters, they wished to have a fair dar's work. (Applause.) Ile intended to belong- to the ranks of the trades unionists as long as he lived. in Middlesborough, they were able to hold their own against all the masters they met, and he assured the meeting that things would come round all right there in the end. (Applause.) PRESENTATION TO MR. T. HOWARD.

The Chairman said that they had on the programme one item which would commend itself to all who belonged to the organisation. That was an opportunity to help a fellow-workman in the Lime of sickness and adversity. (Hear, hear.) .1(1 had great pleasure in asking Mr. Jas. Crowther, of Warrin.4ton, to present Mr. Thomas Howard with the proceeds of the draw made for hire in connec- tion with the Society. (Applause.) Mr. J. Crowther said that the duty he had to perform was a most pleasing one. The various districts had done nobly for the object they had in view. (Hear, hear.) They had contributed manfully for the benefit of Mr. "rhomas Howard. The benefit of their members was always the object of the Society, and he returned his sincerest thanks to all. He was glad to tell them that they had realised the handsome sum ot £6o—(applause) —which would be of great benefit to Mr. Howard. While he thanked them all in general, he must thank Whiteoross in particular for their part. ro realise the £6O in the draw, it was necessary to raise £25, and out

of that Whitectbss had raised something Kke P.2o— BO per cent. They had taken a generous lead in the matter, acd Mr. Howard gave his heartfelt thanks for it. The money had been placed in the bank, and all he had to do was to hand Mr. Howard the book. He hoped that he would long live to have the benefit of the money. (Applause.) The book was then handed to Mr. Howard amid great applause, and Mr. Howard thanked Mr. Crowther for the gift. PRESENTATION TO MR. WADSWORTH.

The next business was to present to Mr. T. Wadsworth an illuminated address in acknowledgment of his ser- vices as general secretary to the Seciety. In making the presentation, the Chairman said that he was sure that everyone would agree with him that the presentation was well deserved by Mr. Wadsworth. (Applause.) /3e would read the words on the address, which raa as follows :—"Federated Wiredrawers' Society of Great Britain. This illuminated address is presented to Mr. Thomas Charles Wadsworth, by the Federated Wiredrawer's' Society of Great Britain, as a small token of respect and esteem for valuable and energetic services rendered to this Society during the past six years, as general secretary of the Society. At the same time, we hope and trust he may be spared a long and useful life in the grand and noble work of trades unionism." Then follow the names of officials and committee. Continuing, the Chairman said he had the greatest pleasure in mak- ing the presentation, and as one who had known Mr. Wadsworth he could speak of him as a most consistent, courageous, and reliable servant. (Applause.) He was a man who worthily occupied the position of general se- cretary,and he asked him to accept the address on be- half of the Society. (Applause.) In reply, Mr. Wadsworth said he would like in the first place to express his great pleasure in seeing so many wiredrawers from the various centres of the trade, assembled there that day. He was sure it must be also a great pleasure to those who suggested that a gathering similar to the present one should take place, with the view, if possible, of bringing them as workmen more in contact with one another. He might venture to say that the idea had been realised far beyond the ex- pectation of the most sanguine, and let them hope they would all spend a very pleasant day together, and the success of the meeting that day might be the fore- runner of pleasant meetings of the same character. (Applause.) Respecting the very handsome present which they hal thought fe: to make him he would like to say that he felt quite unable to express his thanks for the very handsome manner in which they had recogaised his humble abilities to serve them as General Secretary. Be must also not fail to express his appreciation of the honour they conferred upon him in re-electing him some short time ago unanimously ; and he could assure them he felt it to be a very great 'honour to be at the head of such a large body of men similar to what their Society was at present composed of. He might venture to say that so far as numerical and financial strength were con- cerned such a pitch had never before been attained in the history of the Society. But it did not follow that they should in anyway force themselves in conflict with any employers so long as they did what was right and reasonable, for if he understood the constitution of their Society aright, the main object was protection, and any- thing in the shape of conflict was a last resort. (Hear. hear.) He was pleased to be able to say that in all his dealings with the various employers he had had to meet as their representative, he had in all cases been treated with the greatest consideration and respect. As they knew there were times when the busi- ness was not of the most pleasant character,and the posi- tion rather an unenviable one. He had in the end had the utmost good feeling extended towards him ; and it was an advantage to all concerned that such a state of things should exist. (Hear, hear.) There was another pleasing feature in connection with their meeting, and that was the good run of trade they had had for some time past,which was a joint benefit both for themselves and the employers. He hoped it might long continue. Without taking up any more of the short time at their disposal, he asked them to allow him to agaia thank them heartily for their handsome recognition of his ser- vices on their behalf, and his earnest hope would be at all times, whether he was in office or out, to continue to enjoy that confidence of which their gift to him that day was a testimony. (Applause.)

Mr. Haigh, of the' Wirrington district, then proposed a vote of thanks to the chairman. He said that they had now learned the value of combination. He also claimed that a consistent trades unionist was a better workman than a non-unionist. (Applause.) The former wanted to make a name for himselt and therefore he was bound to do his work better. (Hear,bear.) He hoped that ths young men present would put themselves in harness as they would see the advantages which accrued from com- bination. He was pleased that they had been abl too recognise the services of Mr. Wadsworth who, he could. assure them, would keep the affairs of the Society in proper order. He had great pleasure in proposing a vcte of thanks to the chairman. (App!ause.) The vote was carried unanimously, and the chairman having briefly replied, the meeting terminated. The rest of the evening was spent in the gardens,and a little after nine o'clock the fire- works,reprcsenting the Battle of Alma, were shown with great effect. The re- turn home was made by special train at 10.30 p.m. and Warrington was reached about 11.30 after a most successful excursion.

THE i4AAMINER, SAl'Uitbk f; tk:L PTEMBER 12, 1896.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
I

E HALF

THE WORLD'S GREATEST OOSTUMIERSI

THE LONDON MANUFACTURERS. '-GUINEA COSTUMES OF THE DA'

1? :6. #OlOlll yr ./ `*‘' m, .1 tin Si Bla Desi, No. 260.

Y. it. p , t . , . ..., ; es: DesiittisTo. 3oo:

===== 0002601_18960912_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW DEM S

v

LONDiN MADE

BETTER STYLES AND BETTER VALUE THAN EVER.

:ade in our Celebrated

SPECIALITE SERGE, surpassed for wear and dural);litv. All shad, .ack, Navy. Cinnamon, Fawn, Brown, Drab, rey, Petunia, Bronze - Green, Myrtle, Ruby, _ ign Electric-Blue, &c. WRITE FOR PATTERNS which will be sent Post Free together with our new Illustrated !"SKETCH BOOK," shewing all our latest Novelties in COSTUMES, JACKETS, CAPES, Sic. In ordering Costume, please give number of Design selected, also the following measurements :—Seck to waist at back, round bust under arms, length of skirt in front, inside sleeve and size of waist. Money returned if not approved. Each costume securely packed and sent carriage paid, 9d. extra.

ALLEN FOSTER & CO., IT, ROSCOE STREET, LONDON, E.C.

Please mention this paper.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LONDON MANUFACTURERS

IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN :RISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH L ENEN IRISH LINEN IRISH L INEN

G. R ,

We invite YOT) to join our I *Colony in New Jersey, U.S.A., the younge•t, largest and most promising -\.'zricultllr,,i Villa con Earth. Five Awe i• rechold Far', only £2O, for immediate ccupati ,n or investment. Go d Garden Land, free from rtnck • or sto es. Payable by instalments -1/- cash. 41- per week. One hours .. . .. .. . , . , _ _ .. _. ..

ride from ilad chise to Railway Station. New ettlement IWe insured! Increasing population! Gipital invew nient ! D. L. RISLEY, 63, Chancery Lane, LONDON.

,tjw„.l. <4.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
Especially to those who wish to know vt a safe, certain, and speedy remedy for all irregular- ities and obstructions, a remedy which under the most trying eireumstan.ces and In the most

difficult and

OBSTINATE CASES NEVER FAILS TO AFFORD RELIEF, generally in a few hours. No case hopeless, FAILURE IS SIMPLY IMPOSSIBLE, as Mrs. Snow, of Denmark Hill, Camber- well, writes: "By adopting your treatment my anxiety and misery was over in a few hours, although for over three months I had I3een daily taking pills and other things in vain. Half the quantity you sent proved effective, to my intense Joy and surprise." A SWORN GUARANTEE is en- closed with all testimonials and medicine which is inexpensive, as one bottle at 4s. 6d. (by post, 4s. 9d.) is usually sufficient for any case. IMPORTANT WARNING. This marvellous preparation HAS THE LARGEST SALE OF ANY FEMALE

MEDICINE IN THE WORLD.a sue-

I cess achieved by MERIT ALONE. 1 It is pleasant to take, perfectly 6 harmless, but CERTAIN IN ITS ACTION, and readers are CAU- -0 TIONED against worthless and injurious imitations. Conclusive TOfi op Fargyo f ognl a dr lel; ert woarl eadd dtroe sasnz envelor gratis and gint free. It SUCCESS co BEING you GUARANTEED. TO gilinsears;save TNtefrroTisaaplpiof7n?! TO ment. T WRITE TO-DAY privately to— Mrs. M.M.M., TA 145 STOCKWELL ROAD, 2.01,1-7JOIT, S.W.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
TU CI-IC ez CO. 1.71:10.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
MAKERS OF

INDIARUBBER AND PURE ASBESTOS GOODS, LEATHER BELTING,

Lace, Thread, or Copper sewn. HAIR & COTTON BELTING, LACES

&C. GUARANTEED QUALITY.

42, CHAPEL ST., LIVERPOOL. LONDON, CARDIFF, NEWPORT, & DUBLIN. LEATHER WORKS :-- LIVERPOOL.

WORTH A GUINEA A BOL

===== 0002601_18960912_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
rUd54 itO3 14--"-i •?, ' -t, , t. • k ,V 714 I is A .., IL. cAbriatitti4.::, ,

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS,

SUCH AS SICK HEADACHE

CONSTIPATION,

===== 0002601_18960912_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
EAK STOMACH

IMPAIRED DIGESTION,

DISORDERED LIVER, and FEMALE AILMENTS.

ANNUAL SALE, EIX MILLION BOXES.

In Boxes, 91,1., is. 1 ind 2. 9 each, with full directions. The I. U.Ol. )I,e,x ec. ~al,ll 56 Pi 1,.

PREPARED ONLY BY TEC T nomeror.—

THOMAS BEECirtal, St liciens, Lancashire.

BEECHAM'S TOOTH PASTE

EFFICACIOUS—ECONOMICAL— CLEANSES THM TEETH—PERFUMES THII BREATIS. In Collapsible Tubes, of all Druggistc, or from the Proprietors. for is,, post-paid.

DREARFAST-SUPPeR.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
E P P S'S

GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
0 10 0 OA

eoiuNc,. W.TER OR MILK.

DIASTASED FARINA FOOD. A New and Very Superior Food for Infants, Delicate Children and Invalids. The great desideratum of a Food for Infants, Delicate Children, and Invalids, is easiness of digestion, simplicity of preparation, and power ot restoring strength; for these purposes

DIASTASED FARINA is superior to sny other food

Sold by all Chemists, 116 per Tin.

mANupAcTv,.... E. Beanes Co., ackney Wick, don, E.

Falcon Work

ic;fl-4 "} • II • K. • Lon - .1*

===== 0002601_18960912_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADE MA

£5OO REWARD: a very tempting prize, but • whei, ,rined ti of little rabic without GOOD HEALTH. • _k"4. hays lost it, apeedily regain it by taking

the i„.„,,, rented., for Dyspepsia, Biliousness, Sick Headache, ,„„,, I Constipation, kiss, Loss of Appetite, Nervousness, or any ai, ' of the Riany aiSCHAtell swilling from an 101, 1 digerati°n • and disordered staniech; TRV '0 astonished , at the remit. It Correct' stomach, Purifies the Blood. and g thus re- storing health. If well. o, l assist Nature and keep you well. All Ci .19 & 416. i CHABCOLINE PILLS, Price 111 i and 219, or from the NOTTINGHAM DRUG COMPANY, Low eiham, Nottingham. 2 4•4)4444.44444.444•4144.444444-4.

I • . • 04A FR C 0

Airet _ ,you will be , Acidity, Cleanses the tree Tons to the System, an ,es.sional dose wit `lemists, prioe

===== 0002601_18960912_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES [AD ES LAD LS LAD ES LADIES LADIES LADIES LAMB IMES LADIES LADIES

===== 0002601_18960912_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
• L. • • s L,•l ,s •

===== 0002601_18960912_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
Opuratton.

GOVERNESS, certificateeJ,ondon matriculation), desires Engagement in sqloa • Isnglish, Latin, French, 'Euclid, alegebra,drawing.—Address.L.P., 3, Bond-street, Halifax. •

SPAUL S COLLECT:, SOUTHSEA, Established 1876. Thorough education... Close to sea. most healthy locality. vacancies for few boarEfirs.—Miss HACKETT, principal. x

HOLMBSDALB COLLEGE, Westerham, !Kent, 20 miles from Charing Cross, Boys receive individual attention and most careful training; highest references; fees moder- Ute.—Apply Palxe:22A.L.. Established 1582.

'FAL .AVBN HIQH SCHOOL (for Boys), ST. ANNHS OICTHE-fHA. Situation unsurpassed. NEXT TERM BeptenVaer 16. Prospectus on application to the PRINCIPAL

/3111T1811 SCHOOLS, Pendleburv.—WANTßD, immerli- tgely, ASSISTANT-MISTRESS. Art, 50; salary £45; music ; sewtag ; tilseiplinarian; upper Stand.—Apply MASMR.

TMISSES RIMMER, Sen. Hon. Cert., RAM., 23 WILSON PATTEN-STREET, WARRINGTON. School diirJes reetnned (DV.), September 15th. Fees, List of Passes, Tectimoniels, etc., on applications.

.QCMITIOROUGH.—VALLEY BRIDGE HOUSE, South CIiE.—HIGH-CLASS SCHOOL for GIRLS. Thoroligh Modern Education. Home care. English and Foreign Cer- tificated Teachers. Principals Mits. and Mtss WINTER. Next Term,September 21st.

ASKSTANT MISTRESS Wanted. before end of eiT777- ter for Rufford Sch,ol, Lancashire, for Stands I. and 11. under a master ; singing by note ; needle-work ; if certifi- cated £5O if Ex-P.T, £46l—Apply by letter to MANAGEn, Eufferd School, Lancashire.

J. J. LYTHGOE, Organist and Choirmaster of 111.1 Christ Church, Waterlo3. receivei or visits pupils for Piaroforte, Organ, Theory, Harmony, &c. Candidates pre- reamd for Musical ExAminations. Many past successes.— Adf.ress 7, Winmarleigh-streeb, Warrington.

TARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL—The next TERM will begin on TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15th. FBBS Upper Division. £1.2 per annum. Lower Division, £.9 per annum. l• „ Preparatory Divi-iou 126 par For Boys under 12 years of age f annum. For Rartieulars apply to the HEAD MASTER.

, CARLISLE GRAMMAR SCHOOL.—Headmaster, F. J. R. Hyspy. ?LA.., late of Nettes College, Edinburgh. Boarders received in Headmaster's house. Entrance scholar- ships annually in July; buildings new and well equipped, With southern aspect. gymnasium, cricket field, laboratory, ave,, courts, ac. Boys prepared for all the usual examine- olls.

FARRINGTON Ladies' College. New Brighton, Cheshire. Seaside Home School. Resident qualified staff. includ- ing French. German, and Kindergarten. Music and Voice development a speciality. Extenave groinds. Well-lighted schcalrooms overlooking the open sea. Successes in exam- ination. Excellent diet. Perfect sanitation. Principal, Mrs. 'VEACO.

MANCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL

FEE, £4 4s. per Term. The NEXT TERM begins TUESDAY, September 15th. ENTRANCE EXAM 'NATION, MONDAY, September a.4th, at 9 a.m. Prospectuses, forms of application, &c., may be had at the School.

OWEN W. COX, Receiver. N.B.—The BOARDING-HOUSE in connection with the &bookie situated at Higher Broughton.

GUY'S HOSPITAL MEDICAL SCHOOL.—The WINTER SESSION will BEGIN on Thursday, Octo- ber let. ENTRANCE SCHOLARSHIPS of the comffrined value of £360 are r warded annually, and numerous prizes and medals are open for r mpetition by Students of the School. The number of patients treated in the wards during last year was 6 325. All Hospital appointments are open to Students without charge, and the holders of resident appointments are provided with board and lodging. The College accommodates 63 Students under the super- vision of a resident Warden. The Dental Lchool provides the full curriculum required for the L.D.S. England. The Clubs Union Athletic Ground is easily accessible. A Handbook of information for those about to enter the medical prci'ession will be forwarded on application. For the Prospectus of the S 4 hot, containing full particulars as to fees, course of study advised, regulations of the College. itc., apply, personally or by letter, to the DEAN, Guy's Hos- pital, London-bridge, S.E.

KEATING'S POWDER. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles.

EATIN G'S PO W LEK. Kills Fleas. Bugs. Moths. Beetles.

EATING'SPi

WDER.

Is Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles.

KEATING'S POWDER. Rills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles

This Powder, o cele- -3d., 6d., and ls. rrINS. brated, is . rfectly un- rivalled in destroying 3d., 6d., and IS. TINS. linarsmelessa(wthoilsatll animal 3d., 6d., and IS. life). All wollens and TINS. furs should be well sprinkled with the Pow- der before placing away. Sold only in tins. WORMS IN CHILDREN, WORMS IN CHILDREN, _

Are easily. surely, and with perfect safety got rid of by us ing KHATING'S WORNI TABLIITS. Nearly all children suffer from Worms. If suspected, do not wait, you can with ease cure the child (has no effect except on worms). Sold by all Chemists, in Tins, Is. ljd. each.

J. kS • GARLAND,

C YCLE AGENT,

BR DGE-STRHET, WARRINGTON.

DON'T FAIL TO SEE OUR 10 GUINEA. LADIES' SAFETY.

IGHT 31LB8.

Sole Agent for "New Rapid" CYCLES. Immediate

Delivery Guaranteed. No Waiting.

EYE STRAIN, DISTRESSING HEADACHES Indigestion, simulated neuralgia, and nervous depre s sion, are frequently caused by some peculiarity of the visio n which can at once be overcome by the use of proper glasse a —See

"OUR EYES ' by JOHN BROWNING, F.R.A.S., F.R.M.S., President of " The British Optical Association," &c., (now in its Sixteenth Bdition), price Is., post free ; or consult free of charge.—

MR. JOHN BROWNING,

Ophthalmic Optician, 63., STRAND, LONDON, W.C.

LADIES.—A Message for You !! ! la all cases of Irregularities and Obstructions, however obstinate and long stand.ng. try the MIRACULOUS and never-faili .g Remedy. known all over the world as DASMAIL'S SPECI- FIC. Thousands of testimonials testifying to the Wondertul Cases that have betn relieved by this UNEQUALLED and MOST POWERFUL MEDICINE. A Lady writes :—" Your Medicine is truly wonderful. My case was a fearfully obsti- nal.) one." Copiel of testimonials (which a..-e guaranteed genuine under a penalty of £100) upon receipt of stamped envelope to A. DASMAIL, Box 376, Langdale House, Walt- harnstow,London. Established nearly 53 years.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
?Letter to the Obitor.

LICENSING AT NEWTON.

Sir,—Will you kindly allow me to refer to the action of Mr. Deas, the manager of the Longford depot of the Warrington Corporation, in going before the licensing magistrates at Newton for the purpose of assisting in obtaining a drink licence in the immediate neighbour- hood of the depot. Mr. Dees has, of course, the right to hold his own opinion in regard to the drink or any other question, but in this case he gave evidence as the manager of the depot, that is to say, as an official of the Corporation, and therefore his conduct is a fair subject for thezriticism of any ratepayer. I should like to ask • -refore, whether Mr. Dees had the ahthority of his conimittfo to act in this important matte?, because I on of opirdon that a paid official of the 30r10rati0n has no right whatever to assume such a msporitiibility ? I should have thought that Mr. Deas was fully occupied with his duties as manager at Longford awl as water engineer, without troubling himself about toe means or Absence of means of entertaining the numet,as deputa- tions that visit Longford. works. It appear cit..° me that if Mr. Dees felt the necessity of providing tP.,,e_ieans of entertainment for the deputations. the naat* should have been brought to the notice of his committee by him, atui that they should have taken the matter in hand. It is irritating to a large section of the Warring- ton putolic to see any of its servants taking upon them- nelvte to speak in such matters in their name without I,beir Authority.—Yours truly. A LARGE RATEPAYLR.

AL74E GED WILFUL MURDERI

===== 0002601_18960912_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
AT WARRINGTON.

A WOMAN SHOCKINGLY MALTREATED.

HER LUSBAND COMMITTED FOR TRIAL. STARTLING DISCLOSURES.

Since Tuesday morning the town—a end more particu- larly:that part cf it known as Town's End—has been in a state of excitemest in consequence of a married woman named Margaret tate, wife of James Bate, living at 11, Oliv4r-street, beim; found dead in her bedroom with bruises about her face and body, and the disclosures which tuve since teen made resulting in the commit- ment of bir husbacd to the Liverpool Assizes on a charge of wiFul murder. It appears that both husband and wife who hee abotr. 52 'years of age, have been ad- dicted to drink, 41,1 it is stated that they have not lived very happily together. On Monday night the deceased woman was drinking in a neighbour's house and this seems to have exasperated her husband who found no tea provided for him us returning home from work. Be went in search of her ant tried to induce her to come home, but in vain. He appe•rs to have now proceeded to some public-house, and did not return home until about eleven o'clock when he we seen to be intoxicated. His wife had returned home in a smilar condition about an hour previously and proceeded ipstairs in company with the children to the bedroom a- the back. What happened when the husband got uptairs—if his little daughter's version of the affair is correct—is a sad story to relate, and the brutality used appears more like the actions of a madman. It is not necessary hire to repeat the child's evidence ; it will be found in fuli in the re- port of the Coroner's inquiry. She is a bright intelligent girl and made her statement in a clear and unmpitake- able manner. She was an eye-witness of what took plac, and was the first to go to the bedroom next morning where her mother had lain alone since the tragedy of the previous night. There is something very pathetic in the remark which she states she made to her father on running back to her room, " Mamma is very white." On finding that she was dead. Bate, his daughter save, sent for a bowl of water and a flannel, and washed the blood from his dead wife's face and also from the floor. The girl is very explicit in her statement as to her father suggesting to her that she should say her mother had sustained her injuries by falling downstairs. There seems little doubt that she did tell people such was the ease but she now maintains that it was untrue. Drs. Starkey Smith and Bowden who have made a post- mortem examination attribute death to an infusion of blood on the brain caused by direct violence. The pri- soner,who heard the evidence at the inquest,told several of the witnesses that they were telling lies. He seemed to be suffering acutely, and twice burst into tears. On hearing the verdict he completely broke down. He is a dark complexioned young man about 31 years of ago and of low stature. He has been employed at Messrs.H. D. Pochin and Co.'s Chemical Works, Bank Quay, whose works, it may be stated, are on the site vacated by Messrs. Lever Bros., the soap manufacturers. His mother who was in court during the inquest,interrupted the proceedings several times, and when the verdict of the jury was given she created a scene and was removed from the court. Within the precincts of the court a large crowd had assembled and waited!about during the three hours sitting of the jury,discussing the event. The result was known about twenty minutes to ten, and created a sensation',great excitement prevailing. It was sore time before the streets presented their usual ap- pearance again. POLICE COURT PROCEEDINGS.

At the Warrington Borough Court on Wednesday morning, before Mr. John Fairclough (chairmaia),Alder- man Wright, and Mr. John Geddes, James Bate was charged with feloniously and wilfully causing the death of his wife, Catherine Bate, sometime between Monday night and Tuesday morning. The Chief Constable said he would ask for a remand until Monday next, in order that the evidence might be made complete. A post-mortem examination would be made that morning, and he was not in a position to call medical evidence at present, and in several particulars the evidence was not perfect. But this was the evidence so far as it had at present been collected by the police. The prisoner and his wife had been married for about 14 years. He was a labourer in a chemical works, and for the last three weeks the husband and wife had lived in a cottage, No. 11, Oliver-st., in the neighbourhood of Orford-lane. They appeared for a number of years to have been of intemperate, even it he did net say of drunken habits, and to have lived practically a cat and dog life,since quarrels were,unfortunately, very freqeent between them as the neighbours and children could tell them. On Monday last the woman,instead of attending to her household duties, appeared to have gone into the house of a neighbour named Conner, and there she and several other women passed the time in drinking beer fuddling, in fact, in a private house. The man came home from his work shortly after six o'clock, and went in search of his wife and saw her in the house, but he did not induce her to return with him. He was wrath, and having spoken in the street to his daughter, who is 12 years of age, be went away. He did not return to the neigh- bourhood until alter eleven o'clock. The deceased reached home about ten o'clock, and she was then un- doubtedly and unmistakably,according to the testimony of several witnesses, considerably irtoxicated. She went to bed with her daughter, to whom she made a sienificant remark, "Maggie, go and get me a nail and a e -mmer, in order that I may fasten the door, so that your _faddy cannot come to me and lay on me." She (the deceased) went to bed, not to the one she ordin- arily occupied with her husband, but to the bed in the back bedroom, which contained nothing else than a paillasse, which was on the floor. At about eleven o'clock the prisoner was seen coming along 011iver-et. in an intoxicated condition. He was singing. He went into his house, and what transpired there would be told them in the words of the little girl, who was the only ccmpetent witness of the dreadful scene which ensued. Bate shouted uptairs to his wife, " You have no supper ready for me," but his wife made no reply. He thee went upstairs wearing the strong heavy boots (now produced) and asked her to come into her own bedroom, but she refused to do so, and the Bench would be told that the prisoner then struck her a violent blow in the face with his fist. Not content with that,he kicked the woman once in the face violeutly,once in the stomach and once upon one of her legs while she was in bed. The peor woman cried out "On ! Jim, don't lay on me, and I v ill give you 2id. for a pint of beer." She then turned over on her face, when the prisoner stamped upon her back with his heavily shod feet. She then cried out "Oh ! Jim, you have murdered me," and he said " Yes, thot is what I intend to de." That was plainly overheard by the neighbours in the two adjoining houses. The house was only separated by a single brick, so that every sound could be heard by the persons living on each side ol it. The prisoner then appears after his wife' had said "Oh ! Jim, you have murdered me," to have caught hold of der by the throat with both hands, and, as the little girl said, he choked her until she became quiet. He took the little girl and the other children in- to the front room and lay on the bed, and the children fell asleep. The neighbours, however, heard him ravine in a drunken manner and using foul language until about three o'clock in the morning, and tbe foul lan- guage was directed against the wife. Singular as it might seem, the man slept in the house all night with the dead body in another room. When the daughter awoke next morning he said to her " Go into the other room and fetch your skirt." She did so, and noticed that her mother was lying on her back with her arms stretched out. Her eyes were wide open and she looked very white. She went back to her father and said "Mamma is very white." The husband then went in- to the room, raised his wife's head, and said to his daugh- ter "She is dead. You must say she tumbled downstairs, or I shall be locked up." The little girl was frightened, and she did do what she was told at first to seme people who asked for particulars as to the death of her motLer. Now she entirely repudiated the state- ment, and had told the whole truth. She was a singu- larly bright and intelligent girl. The prisoner then told the little girl to bring him a dish and some water and a flannel. She did so, and she would tell the Bench later on that he washed the blood off the dead face of his wife, also the blood from the floor. The dish and the water were taken downstairs, and the flannel wee now in the custody of the police and would tell its own:story. He thee went acress to a neighbour's house, Mrs. Brown's—and this was a most singular proceeding— and said to'her "I ant in a bit of trouble, Kate is dead," but Mrs. Brown did not appear to have asked why a recently healthy woman had come to such a sudden death. She went with him to the house and assisted him to remove the dead body from the back room into the front bedroom, where it was afterwards seen by the police. He then told Mrs. Brown that he would "go and give the alarm to the police." That was between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, but the " alarm " was never given.

The Prisoner : No, sir, but- The Chief Constable : Steady a moment. Just about that time he was met by Mrs. Kelly, the mother of the deceased, who had heard of the death, and she said to him '• Jim. what is a miss with Kate ? Is she killed ? I hear she is kißed. You have killed her." He said "No, it's a --tie, I have not. She was drunk and:fell down- stairs." But that could not be true in the face of the masa of evidence they had from the littl.e girl and the

neighbours. Information of the crime reached the police I about ten o'clock, and Sergeant Cheney went to the house and found the deceased lying on the bed with I shocking bruises on her face and head and other parts of I her body. He saw that there wasievidence of foul play, and he sought for the prisoner. He found him in Buckley-street about two o'clock in the afternoon, brought him to the police station, and cautioned him in , the usual form. He was told that anything he might say would be taken down in writing, and that it might be given in evidence against him, and this was the statement he made :—"I have to say that I had nothing to do with it at all. When I came home last night it has been the regular thing for three months for her to be drunk every Monday night, and when I entered the house the things were on the table, and the house empty. I came out and went across to Mrs. Brown's and asked one of the girls where Kate was. They told me she was in Connor's drunk. I went there and found her drunk, in company with a lot more women. They were all drunk, and snuff running down their faces. They were drinking beer. I walked away. I never saw my wife from then till this morning when my daughter woke me about eight o'clock, and asked me to come and look at her mother, as she looked very white. It was on the advice of Mrs. Shaw that I came up Buckley- street to get my mother to accompany me to the police station. I was arrested."

Sergeant Cheney corroborated the statement of the Chief Constable. He said he arrested the pridoner in liuckley-strelt. He was wearing the heavy boots now produced. The Chief Cohstable : On that I ask for a remand. The Chairman (to prisoner) : Have you anything to say why you should not be remanded ? The Prisoner : Yea, I want to ask the little girl a question or two. The Deputy-Clerk : That will come later on. The Chairman : Have you anything to say against a remand?

Prisoner : No, sir. The Chairman : Then you will be remanded until Monday. The Chief Constable asked that the prisoner might be kept in the cells below. The man had no objection, and it would be as fair for him as for the prosecution in case Bate wanted to obtain assistance.

This was agreed to. Prisoner : I should like to speak about ray little daughter. rhe Chrirman : You will have plenty of time to do that. The prisoner was then romoved to the cells.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
VIEWBG THE BODY.

Prior to the inquest the jurymen assembled in the Parade Room, Irlam-street, where they were met by the Coroner. He explained to them that he had arranged for them to be taken in a conveyance to the house of the deceased woman and perhaps if he said something now of the occurrence it would save anything further at the house. According to the police rep-rt, the woman Catherine Bate came home on Monday night and went to bed in one of the rooms of the house. The husband came and found she was not sleeping in the room where she usually slept but with the children. It was suggested that he went to that room and committed violence which caused her death,and having done so he went to the other room and left her there until the next morning. What took place was heard by some nighbeurs, and he wished the jarymen to take particular notice of the two rooms, and they might also experiment and see whether it was possible for the neighbours to hear what took place. The jury then pre- ceeded to the house 11, Oliver-F,t. ,in an omnibus, pre- ceded by the Coroner and the Chief Constable in a han- som. As is probably well-known,Oliver-st.is a by-street from Winwick-road, and the neighbourhood is one the poorest parts of the town. The house consists of four rooms, two up and two down. It was found to be almost devoid of furniture. In the back bedroom there was nothing but a bed on the floor, and it is in this room where it is alleged the woman met with her death. On the wall, in which was a small fire-grate, the Chief Constable showed bloodstains on the wall and also on the floor. In order to test whether it was possible for the next door neighbour to hear what was taking place in the room, Inspector Spinks was sent there, and his voice could be distinctly heard through the wall,which it may be stated is built only of a single course of bricks, or known as a 4iin. wall. The bruises on the dead woman's face were of a prominent character, and the doctor's report on their examination of the body, was read, and the marks indicated were examined by the jurymen. After a brief stay, the journey to the Police Station was com- menced and the inquest was held in the Police Court, which was found far more convenient than the parade LOOM.

THE INQUEST.—VERDICT OF WILFT.IL MURDER. Mr. S. Brighouse, county coroner, and a special jury conducted an inquiry relative to the death of the woman on Wednesday evening. The proceedings commenced shortly after 6.30, and lasted over three hours. Mr. Fanshawe was the foreman of the jury. The Coroner addressed the prisoner, and told him that the jury were going to inquire into the cause of the death of his wife. He would have an opportunity e f asking the witnesses anything he liked at the proper time,and as he (the Coroner) had told him that morning when he had an interview with him, there were three courses open to him. First, he could tell the jury that he did not wish to say anything, or he could make a statement about the matter, but if he did it would be taken down in writing, and might be given in evidence against him or otherwise. Ana now this was very im- portant. lie could at that stage of the proceedings offer himself as a witness, and give evidence on oath. Thet was the only opportunity the law. gave him of doing so. If he were sent for trial by that jury, neither before the committing justices nor before the judge of assize, if the case got so far, would he have an opportunity of giving evidence. The first witness called was Margaret Kelly, who stated that she was the wife ef Patrick Kelly, of 30, Foundry-st., a general labourer. The deceased was her daughter and was 33 years of age. She last saw her alive a week ago, and saw her dead on Tuesday morn- ing about ten o'clock. She had been married 14 years, and there were four children living. Their names were Margaret 12 years old, John 4, Lizzie 4 (twins), and Kitty 2 years. She was just going to see her when she met the prisoner corning out of Mrs. Brown's who lived on the opposite side of the street to 11 Oliver-st., where the deceased lived. She said to the prisoner " Jim, what in the world is matter this morning with you and with Kate, she's dead?" He said "I don't know; she was drunk and she fell downstairs." She then said "Well Jim your long threatenings have come at last. You have many a time said you would do it, and you have done it at last ; you've killed her." Re said "You are a liar; I havn't killed her, she fell downstairs." He then went off and said he was going fora policeman and she would see whether he was telling lies or not. He went down street and she never saw him again until he was in custody. She went into the house and saw her daughter dead. She was lying in the front bedroom. She want into the back bedroom and feund a pool of blood on the floor and also spots en the wall. It looked as if the blood had been wiped up with a floorcloth. The prisoner had illused his wife many a time in witness's presence and also illused witness when she went to pro- tect her. He would catch her by the throat and thump her with his fist. She had heard him say that he would hang for her.—The prisoner cross-examined the witness, but not upon the material points. He denied that he called her a liar.—The Coroner: The question is did you use violence on your wife and cause her deatli.—The Prisoner: Three parts of what that woman has said is not true.—The Coroner: You can say that to the jury afterwards if you like. Mrs. Mary Jane Fernley, wife of George Fernley, 15 Oliver-et., deposed that on Monday night about eleven o'clock in consequence of a noise she heard outside she went to the door and saw the pri- soner leaning aeainst the shutter of her window He was drunk. She got hold of him by the hand and said " You are two doors off your house, I will tako you to it." She did 60. The door of the house was not locked and the prisoner went in and sat on a chair. He said to her " See the house is as I left it at six o'clock ; there's not been a—thing done since. When I get hold of the b—cow I will serve her like this" (mak- ing a butting motion with his head). Witness rushed back into her own house.—The Chief Constable : Whom did von understand him to mean when he was threaten- ing ?—Witness : His wife.—The Prisoner : Did you stand at the door while I pulled my shoes off 7—No.— Prisoner : Did you see my wife at all that night 7—Yes, I saw her at 8.30 near the house.—Did you see me touch Kate.—No.—By the Coraner : Inanswer to the prisoner you say you saw his wife; was she drunk 7—Witness : YO3, I saw her fall just outside her door She fell on her kuees and rolled over on her back.—By the l'risoner : Was you in the swim of the fighting at Balmford's house 7—Witness : No. Margaret Bate, eleven years of age, daughter of pri- soner and deceased, said she came home abaut four o'clock on Monday afternoon. Her mother was not at home but at Conn-ors house, and she went to her and said "Are you coming home to get my Daddafe tea ready," and she said "Go and wash the dishes." Her mother was then drunk. She did not look to see if they were drinking beer. Almost half-past six she saw her father come out of the house. He was sober, and asked her where her " Mammy " was. She told him she was in Connor's. He then went up Pinner's Brow road. About ten o'clock she saw her mother quarrell. ing with her aunt Margaret in Pinner'e Brow. She asked witness to go for a pint of beer before shutting up time. He mother found that she only had twopence, and therefore she (witness) did riot go hr the beer. Subsequently she found her mother at home sitting against the door. Witness's sister Lizzte did not come home ; she slept at grandmother Bates. Her mother asked her for a hammer and nail to fasten / the bedroom door so that " he might not lay on me." Her mother slept in the hack bedroom when drunk, and went into the front bedroom when she was sober and slept with her husband. Her father came home about an hour after they had got into bed. He came upstairs into the room where they were lying. They were on a hed on the floor. Her mother lay nearest the door. Kitty next, John next, and she lay near the wall. Her fattier had his shoes on when he came into the room.

He only had one pair of shoes. Her " daddy "spoke first and he said "are you coming to the bed or are you going to step here." She replied "No ; I'll stop here." Her father than said " I'll do something before I go out of this room." Be then knelt dewn, and thumped her mother on her face with his fist once. He kicked her on the mouth with his shoe, and also kicked her in the stomach. Her mother was on the floor all the time. She turned round on her face and he then stamped upon her back with his feet. Her mother said "Oh Jim you've murdered me. Don't touch ma and I'll give you twopence halfpenny for a pint of beer." He replied "I'll give you twopence hslfpenny. You'll lay out none of my money again." He said "go and fetch me a hammer up." Her mother was then lying on her face and he turned her over and got hold of her by the throat with both his hands and choked her. Her mother only said " Mag !" three times and "Oh, Kitty!" Her father was abusing her mother about an hour. He afterwards said "Come on to bed Maggie, John and Kitty." He took them all out of the room and left her mother by herself. Herself and the children slept with their father in the front room. The candle was lighted when her father was abasing her mother. He lit it and placed it on the mantelpiece. When he was thrashing her, her brother John shouted "Oh daddy, don't touch my mammy." She did aot know whether Kitty cried. Next morning when witness awoke she said to her father "I'm going for my skirt." She went into the bask bed- room, and came back and told her father "Mamma is very white." He went to the room and sail "She is dead. Don't tell anyone I have touched her, but say she fell downstairs." He afterwards said "Maggie go and fetch the flannel and some water in a dish." She did so and he wiped the blood from her mother's mouth. He also wiped up the blood on the floor with a floorcloth. Mrs. Brown shortly afterwards came in, and her mother was carried into the front bedroom. Her father told her to tell everybody that her mother went to the closet and slipped down. It was not true.—By the Chief Constable: You remember when your mother said to your father, " Oh, Jim Bate. , you have murdered me 1" What did your father say ? —He Raid, "you want murdering." He banged her head against the boards and dragged her head off the bed. She thought he banged her head on the floor abous four times. There was no truth in the statement that he: mother had fallen downstairs. Her father took his boots off in the front room after be left her mother.—By Mr. Fanshaw : She went to bed with her mother. They lay with their heads to the wall where the grate was. Her father was drunk.—By the Prisoner: When I came home when were yon P—Witness : I got up and was crying. —Did I come to the bedroom door and shout you up ? No.—Didn't I ask you to carry Kitty out ?—Yes, but that was after you had beaten my mother.—Where did I find my shoes next morning P—ln the front bedroom. —Didn't I come into the room and say "She is dead ? Yes.—Where did I put my shoes on ?—You put them on in the bedroom and laced them up when you got downstairs.—Was there any light when I was in the room ?—Yes.—By the Coroner : When he struck her on the mouth first was there a light then ?—Yes, there was a candle light when my father did it.—The prisoner said his daughter was telling lies.— Ihe Coroner : I shall not allow you to tell your daughter that she is telling lies. I think you ought to be pleased that you have such an intelligent child. She is a very intelligent girl, and I am grieved to the heart that a child of that age should be in these surroundings.—By the Prisoner: When I told you that she was dead what did you say ?—I said she has got twopence-halfpenny in the cupboard, and I gave it to yon.—Did you say, " Daddy, you didn't do it ?"—I was only saying that.— Did you tell me many a time over ?—I did tell you so, but it wasn't true, I was only saying that.—The Coroner : She was trying to protect you Mr. Bate.—Didn't I put the shoes on downstairs ? Witness : You had them on unlaced when you washed her face.—Didn't I say we will go out and tell my mother and the police ?—You never went to the Police Station.—Prisoner: No, because I couldn't find my mother.—The Coroner: You did not come to the Police Station until you were brought. —Prisoner : As soon as ever I knew didn't Igo across to Mrs. Brown and report it to her ?—The Coroner : She has already said that you did, and that you and Mrs. Brown removed the body from one room to the other. You are going round the most important matter. She tells us she saw you strike your wife on the face, kick her in the mouth, afterwards to stamp on her back and get her by the hair of her head and bang it against the wall. That is the impor- tant matter. Never mind the details where you went for Mrs. Brown and coming to the Police Station. If you think she is telling a lie on these material points cress-examine her on them and you shall have every opportunity of doing so, and as much time as you like. —The Prisoner: Are you sure I have kicked her ?—I was close against you when you kicked her.—Did I kick her with those shoes ?—Yes, and next morning you looked on the edge of your shoes to sea if there was any blood on them. You then walked on.—Have I got any more shoes beside them ?—I haven't seen any. I could tell it was you coming upstairs by the tips on your shoes. Prisoner : I have no other shoes but those in the possess- ion of the police, and if I had kicked her with those tips they would have cut her to pieces. I never did kick her. —Witness : When she turned on her face you stamped ycur feet on her back.—Prisoner : How could you see me so long as there was no candle or light 7—The Coroner : She has said there was a light and you lit it.— By Mr. Rogers (a juryman) : Do you understand the serious position your father is in ?—Witness : Yes.— And what you have stated is the truth ?—Yes.— The Coroner : It is only fair to state that when the police knew she was present she was interrogated by them before she could have been influenced, and the evidence given is the same as the statement the police took down from her.—The Chief Constable : The prisoner can have the benefit of looking at that statement now or hereafter.

Ellen Brown, wife of Walter Brown, general labourer, said she lived at 18, Oliver-street. She had been on friendly terms with the Bates. They had lived there for three weeks. She last saw deceased in her house at four o'clock on Monday afternoon. She had had some beer. On Tuesday morning in consequence of a message she went to 11 Oliver-street. The prisoner was near the middle door. She asked him where Kate was He re- plied " Oh ! Mrs. Brown lam in a bit of trouble, Kite is dead." He want upstairs and she went after him. She was in the back room. She was at the edge of the bed. When they removed her, the deceased was prac- tically naked, she was only wearing a torn chemise. They removed her to the front room. There was no blood on her or on the floor. She was not at the head of the woman. She was stiff and cold when they removed her. After they had removed her, he said " I am going to re- port it to the police." She told him to do so. The prisoner didn't offer any statement as to how she came by her death.—By the Coroner : Have you any explanation to give that after seeing the woman in good health the previous afternoon, why you didn't ask him how she came by her death ? Witness: I was in such a way. I never spoke to him at all until he came into my house afterwards.—By the Prisoner : Didn't I tell you what had happened to her? You didn't mebtion Kate to me at all.—Didn't you answer and say that you didn't wonder at her falling considering how drunk she was ?-0h ! How can you stand there and tell A, lie. What did I say the second time I saw you ?—You said you were going to give the alarm to the police.—By Mr. Kenyon: Was it not your impression when you helped to remove the body that it was so bad a job, the less you said about it the better? —I didn't think anything like that.—By Mr. Isherwood: Was it in consequence of the shock you received ?—Yes. —The Coroner: I think Mrs. Brown you had an idea that it was going to be a serious affair, and that you didn't want to be in trouble. Is not that so ? When you saw this woman dead, and knowing as you did the relationship that existed between husband and wife through previous quarrels. didn't you think it was going to be a serious matter ?—Yes, sir, but I was so upset I didn't know what to do.

Mrs. Wheelan, widow, living next door to Bate's house said she knew the deceased. She had had no acquaint- ance with the prisoner. She saw the deceased on Mon- day night under the influence of drink. Witness did not see any marks on her face. Later in the night she heard Mrs. Bate and children going to bed. She heard the children afterwards crying "Oh daddy don't lay on mammy." Prisoner used some nasty expressions to his wife. She did not hear her reply.—By the Coroner : What were the expressions used ? Don't be afraid to speak them.—Witness : He said " I will go for you, you b— Irish pig." She could Rot say whether it was a kick she afterwards heard. The children cried and the prisoner used some more vio- lent language but she could not say what it was. There was sense more noise afterwards as if something was being thumped on the floor. It shook her bedroom floer. There were several in quick succession. The only words witness heard deceased say were, "Oh, Jim Bate, don't murder me," or "Oh, Jim Bate,you have murdered me." She heard him say, " You will lay out no more of my earnings, you b----- cow." Witness then heard a gurgling sound,as if someone was being choked. There was quietness afterwards, and she heard prisoner take the children into the next room, and say, " Maggie, haven't I bees a good father to you?" to which the child I replied, " Yes, daddy, you have." The assault lasted I for about half-an-hour. She thought it was from 11.30 to 12 o'clock. The noise stopped at twelve o'clock be- e luse she heard the Blue Coat clock strike.—By the Chief COrlßt,ble : When the deceased said the prisoner was murdering her what did he say ?---Ele replied, " You want murdering," or " I will murder you." By the Foreman of the Jury : You lay in bed and could hear what was taking place ?—Yes. The Coroner : They were lying head to head and only the wall between.—By the Foreman of the Jury : Were rows frequent P—There was a row nearly every Saturday and Monday night.— By the Prisoner : Didn't you hear Mrs. Gibbons say on Tuesday morning that she never heard me say a word during the night ?—I wasn't out of bed until ten o'clock on Tuesday morning as I was unwell. I didn't see you speaking to Mrs. Gibbons.—Prisoner : Mrs. Gibbons said she never heard a word P—Witness : What I tell is true. I am net gning to tell a lie for anybody. Elizabeth Shaw, datiehter of the last witness, said she was a widow. The evidence given was quite correct. She had no acquaintance with the prisoner or his wife. Henry Gibbons, gemral labourer, 9 Oliver-st. (next I

door to the deceased's houee), said he heard the prisoner in his house from eleven o'clock to twelve on Monday. He heard the prisoner say " Where is my b-- supper ?" He heard him go upstairs and use baci language. He also heard some bumping after that, and afterwards heard him say "Come Maggie to bed." It sounded as if he had his boots on.—gy the Chief Constable: Did you hear the woman say anything ?—Yes, she said Oh ! four times.—By the Prison ee : Where were you at the time. Do you mean to say you can hear from the front room of your house to the back room of the next house ? Witness : Yes.—Prisoner : I don't believe that man was in the house at the time.—The Coroner: The prisoner says he doesn't believe you were in the house P—Wit- ness : I was in bed at a quarter to eleven.—Prisoner: How is it your wife could not hear it ?—She might have been asleep. Ido not know.—Prisoner : You ought to be made to know.—Witness: My wife told me that she was frightened to tell you anything. Dr. Starkey Smith, physician, said he made a post- mortem examination that morning assisted by Dr. Bowden of Warrington. The report in the Coroner's hands had been written by him.—The Coroner then read the report which stated that the body was that of a well nourished woman. There was an external wound on the forehead three inches in diameter. The tip of the nose was depressed and discoloured ; there was a eon- tused wound on the left side of the chin—three-quarters to one inch long—and a contusion below the left ear. There were also numerous bruises on tke legs and knees, bruises on the left buttock,abrasions of wrist and middle finger of right hand,and large bruises on the right fore- arm. On removing the me'nbrane covering the brain the interior portion was seen to be in an advanced state of congestion but no rupture of artery or laceration of brain substance was found. On removing the brain tke congested condition previously mentioned was found to extend to the base of the brain, and just at the juncture of the brain and the spinal cord, a slot of blood, the size of,say, half a walnut, was found. The cause of death was an effusion of blood on the brain caused by direct violence (slight commotion).—By the Coroner : Sup- pose for the sake of argument doctor, that the woman fell downstairs and that the effusion of blood was the result,do you think she would be able to walk upstairs and get into bed before she became unconscious ?—No, sir.—Do you think the effusion of blood would be rapid in bringing on unconsciousness ?—I think so ; it is a very vital part.—Snppose she is going to the closet, as had been sugeested,a.nd slipped in the yard and broeght about this effusion of blood ; do you think she would have sufficient time to walk upstairs to bed ?—I think not,sir.—You have heard the evidence given by the daughter of the deceased ?—I have.—lf that is true was the violence sufficient to produce what you found?—Ye? sir, I may say on the legs we found some old bruises, but about the knees, particularly the left knee, there were four or five distinct fresh bruises. There was another on the right knee but the left knee seemed to be more injured. There was also a wound on the back of the left hip. The injuries on the face were all fresh.— By the Chief Constable: If the woman was kieked with the boots produced would you expect to find her in the condition you saw her P—lf the front part of the boot were used it would, but if the tip had caught her we should nave found more evidence of cutting. He thought the depression and disoolouration of the nose was due to a violent blow with the fist, but the injury to the fore- head had been done with something more like a boot. The effusion of blood had been brought about by direct violence. He expected there had been some laceration of a small vessel, and the blood had trickled down to the back of the brain. He thought she could not live very long after that clot of blood was formed, or per- haps he should say after the blood was effused. She would probably die before the blood was clotted.—By the Chief Constable : Did you notice her teeth ? No sir, Mr. Bowden examined the mouth carefully.—A jury- man : I suppose it would be impossible for her to live an hour after the effusion of blood P—Undoubtedly. Dr. Bowden said he assisted at the post-mortem examination. He had heard Dr. Smith's evidence, and he agreed with him as to the cause of death.—The Coroner : You know the two theories set forth by the Prisoner ; one that she fell downstairs and the other that she fell in the yard; do you think it possible for her to get back to bed again before becoming unconscious? —He would not say it was impossible,but it was unlikely. He examined the mouth, but did not find anything wrong with the teeth. There was some blood in the mouth, but that might have come from the nostrils.— By the Chief Constable: The violence in this case would be very considerable? Yes.—Tlae Foreman of the jury: The woman being intoxicated, would that cause her death sooner ?—lt is said there are some vessels likely to give way sooner when the person is subject to drink,but the deceased showed very little signs of drink.—By Mr. Evans (a juryman) : Do you think it possible that the injuries might have been caused when she fell in the street as stated by one at tbe witnesses ?—I clout think it likely. Sergeant Cheney stated that in consequence of information received he wart in search of the prisoner. He found him at two o'clock in the afternoon in Buckley- street. He was then walking towards him. He did not believe that the prisoner had been to the Police Station to report the death of his wife. He made enquiries at the office and found that he had not done so. He charged the prisoner with wilfully causing the death of his wife, Catherine, between 11 and 12 p.m. on Monday, September 7th. He made the following reply : (Ser- geant Cheney then read the reply as given in the police court). This concluded the police evidence. The Prisoner was then allowed to go into the witness box and was addressed by the Coroner, se ho said he wanted the prisoner to thoroughly understand the posi- tion he was in. Having heard the evidence he (the Coroner) should direct the jury that they were bound to send him for trial. They had no other alternative but to do so on a charge of having caused the death of the deceased. That being so the prisoner could say he had nothing to say, or make a statement or offer himself as a witness and be sworn. If he took the latter course he would have to be subject to crosa-examination. That was all the law compelled him (the Coroner) to tell the prisoner. He did not want the prisoner to do anything prejudicial to his own interests and he thought he was only doing right, when he stated that if he was acting as the prisoner's legal adviser, he should advise him not to make any statement. The Prisoner: I don't properly understand what you say, as lam ignorant of some of the words you use. If I had someone to speak for me and offer me advise, it would be better for me. I want a counsel to speak for me.

The Chief Constable : Yes, that will take place when you come up for trial. The Coroner: I should advise you to do what I have said. What you have already said has been against yourself and not in your favour. I don't say you would have been in a better position if you had not done se but you would have been in as good a position. The Prisoner : I was obliged to speak for myself. I had none to speak for me. 'the Coroner: We understand that you think they have been telling lies. The Prisoner was then led back to his original place where he sat crying bitterly. The Coroner then summed up to the jury and said they had to decide the matter. He thought they would agree with him that in dealing with the prisoner he (the Coroner) had been as impartial as possible and tried to see that he had had fair play, that nothing was said to prejudice the case, and the prisoner's position properly explained to him. There was no necessity to burden them with any lengthy remarks with regard to the facts. The issue was quite clear and plain. They had to say first of all did they think this woman died from injuries re- ceived. When they came to consider that point they had to bear in mind the evidence of Dr. Smith and Dr. Bowden, who told them that she died from an effusion of blood on the brain, the result of direct violence. If they believed the medical evidence, then they had the foundation of their finding. If they found that she died as stated by the medical gentlemen, the first question was, hew did the violence come about ? Was it received at the hands of her husband or in some other fashion ? If they believed that the violence was not administered by her husband there was an end of the matter so far as he was concerned. But when they c +me to consider whether he used that violence or not, to his mind they had to clear those three points in their mind :—First, his conduct before the alleged violence, secondly, the evidence as to the violence,and thirdly, his conduct after the alleged violence. As to the first point it was quite clear that rightly or wrongly the prisoner was much annoyed that his wife was not in when he came for his tea. It they believed the evidence of a neighbour when she came home, he was very mach annoyed at that particular time. He was there with no good feel- ings towards her and it was quite clear he was wretched and felt he ought to say something to her or do some- thing to her. Tnen the daughter had explained what took place in the bedroom, and he was certain that in their experience—for he knew that even in his experi- ence—they had not had a more clear and concise state- ment of facts that from that little girl. The cross-ex- amination by her father,the examination by yourselves and myself to see whether she was telling the truth ended in her triumph. She came out of the ordeal far better than most people,and he thought she went out of the witness-box having said everything that she believed to be true. If they believed she did so, they must be- lieve that the prisoner in the heat of a passion went into the bedroom and struck his wife,kicked her,stamped her down with his feet and knocked her head on the floor in the way described. The doetcrs said that was the kind of violence to produce the effusien of blond on the brain. Putting this toeether he asked them to say whether they had any doubt that the violence was used by the hus- band. The girl stated that when the prisoner saw the next morning what had happened he asked her to tell lies. fie suggested that his wife had fallen downstairs but the question was whether it was not improbable that this kind of violence could have caused what they had heard happened. If they were satisfied that the prisoner used violence which caused her death, then they were entitled to take into consideration the prisoner's conduct alter the death. If the woman had died in an innocent fashion didn't they think that the first thing the prisoner would have done would have been to go to the Police Station and report it ? On the contrary from nine o'clock to two, he had wandered somewhere in the berough. He did rot come to the

police station until arrested at two o'clock. If he did not commit the violence, was there any reason why he should do that ? Was there not every reason to think that knowing he had committed the violence he was try- ing or attempting to forget the result, not knowing what to do under the circumstances. If they were satis- fied that the woman's death was through violence there was no doubt that the prisoner killed his wife, and the question would arise in what degree he should go for trial. Now all the law said was that if any one killed another unlawfully, the person killing had committed wilful murder unless there were circumstances of justi- fication, extenuations, or reasons which in the minds of those trying the question justified them in saying that it should be reduced from wilful murder to manslaughter. But the duty of proving the latter rested with the per- son accused and not with the prosecution. It was for the person who was charged with the offence to show that he was justified in doing what he did for them to reduce the crime from marder to manslaughter. Let them take the excuse that the prisoner was drunk. He (the Coroner) had no doubt that he was. It might be that the next morning he was not aware of what he had done. It might be that he had so much drink, that he was in such a degree of passion that his mind was a total blank as to what had happened until his daughter told him that his wife was lying white and pale. But that was no justification because if they were to say a man wasn't to be responsible for what he did when drank, any man might fill his body with drink, take advantage of his drunken state and not be held responsible for what he did. Therefore it would be a wrong conclusion to draw that because a man was drunk he was entitled to have his offence reduced. They must try the prisoner and his acts as if he was a sober man. So far as her condition went it could not be justification for him to do what he did, er because she did not get his tea ready whee she was drunk. He could not say that it was an excuse that his wife was drunk. If that was so every person might set up the &acne plea. He directed them that there was nothing to justify them in reducing the charge. There was no distinct explanation or reasons given. If they believed she died from violence administered by her husband it was their duty to send him on a charge of wilful murder. Let them bear in mind they were not sitting there as a jury to decide whether he was guilty or not guilty. They were sitting there as if they were a committing magistrate discussing whether there was a prima facia case and whether he eheuld go for trial. He asked them whether there was any doubt that there was a prime facia case, or that the prisoner ought to go for trial on the capital charge. The jury then retired to consider their verdict, and after deliberating in private for about half-an-hour, returned a verdict of " Wilful murder against the prisoner." The prisoner, who had been much agitated until the verdict was returned, was then put into the box and the Coroner addressing him said : The jury have come to the conclusion that your wife died by violence adminis- tered by yourself, and that you wilfully murdered her. On that charge of wilful murder you will take your trial at the next Assizes to be holden at Liverpool. On hearing the result the mother of the prisoner created a scene, and shouted out that the deceased was a woman" who had been murdered by a great many." She was promptly removed from the court. The Prisoner : "It is only six weeks ago that her father put six stitches in her head. He daresay Dr. Bowden attended her."—He then became much dis- tressed, and was sobbing loudly when tbe court was being cleared.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ELDFST DAUGHTER.

We understand thst Mr. Taylor, P.C.M., has succeeded in getting the eldest daughter of the deceased woman— Margaret, 11 years of age—admitted into a home at Liverpool. She is the chief witness against ker father. There are three other children, John and Lizzie (twins), four years of age, and Kitty, two years old

===== 0002601_18960912_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRING2ON.

LOYAL FRIELDSHIP LODGE OF ODDFELLOWS.

The fortnightly meeting of this lodge was held on Monday at the Green Dragon Inn, Bridge-street. P.G,M. Thomas Knight presided, supported by the following officers :—Prov. C.T. Joseph Crosby, P.P.G.M. Henry Longshaw, P.G. Daniels, P.G. Wood, P.G. Johnson, P.G. Dickenson, and Secretary John Burgess. The last-named called upon the chairman to present a medal to P.P.G.M. Henry Longshaw as a token of respect on his retirement as senior trustee of the lodge. Bro. Longshaw responded in suitable terms, after which the lodge was closed in the usual manner. Mrs PONSONRY'S HAIR RESTORER. a great dlseooery, a Most Refreshing Wash, Marvellous Results, Innumerable Testimonials, Patronised by Royalty. In great demand by Professionals, makes the Hair Grow, prevents -Bald- ness, Invigorating, restores hair to its naturalcolour, gives healthy and youthful appearance. Mostastontsh- ing results ;2s 6d Bottle. post tree.—A ddressMze. POE- soNnr, 25, Lime-st., Liverpool—Advt. A FRISKY HORSE.

Two young gentlemen drove out of Bridge-street on Sunday evening into Rylands-street,and when a few yards from the Royal Court Theatre the horse suddenly became unmanageable and began to plunge about. The driver jumped into the street, and no sooner had he done so than the horse made a rush towards Mr. Johnson's shop, backed into the middle of the street, threw itself on its hind legs and fell backwards between the shafts, its head resting on the road near to the splashboard. The other occupant of the trap had in the meantime jumped out from behind, and both be and the driver, fortunately, escaped unhurt. Strange to say the shafts were not broken,but the trap was slightly damaged at the back. When it fell on its back the the horse remained perfectly still for a few minutes. Then a number of men from Bridge-se. rushed up and liberated it. Later on in the evening the horse performed some most marvellous feats, and quite kept up its reputation. After leaving Warrington it bad a great desire to mount the rails into the Ship Canal. Not content with this it tried to de- posit the occupants of the trap there. Several times the animal backed into the hedge, and on one occa- sion one of the party did a most marvellous per- formance by turning a somersault over a hedge and alighting in an adjoining garden, none the worse for the acrobatic feat. The other occupant of the trap was precipitated over the horse's head.

WOUNDING CASES AT HAYROCX AND GOLBORNE. At the Warrington Occasional Court on Monday morning, before Mr. Ziba Armitage, Absalom tfarter was charged with having on the sth September, at Haydock, unlawfully wounded Mary Ann Cunliffe, by kicking her.—P.C. Christy said that at three p.m. on the sth September, from information he received, he proceeded to the complainant's dwell- ing-house where he saw complainant lying on the sofa in the kitchen. She was bleeding profusely from the mouth and nose, and also complained to him that the defendant had been kicking her about her arms and legs. Defendant came in whilst wit- ness was there. Witness was shown the injuries, and he found that she was "black and blue all over." Dr. Oscar had examined her. Witness ap- prehended the defendant at Haydock and took him to the police station, and charged him with the offence to which he replied "I was not in the house at the time ; I did not touch her." The complain- ant was not in a fit state to appear. Defendant said he would reserve his defence. He was the victim of a conspiracy.—The magistrates then remanded him —Absalom Pimblott, 77, Hedge Green-lane, Golborne, was charged with hav- ing wounded Ann Roberts on the sth inst. with intent to do grievous bodily harm.— Mr. Stuart, Wigan, appeared for the defendant.— Charles Williams, a bricklayer, residing at Hedge Green-lane, Golborne, said that at balf-pat ten he saw the prisoner at 73, Hedge Green-lane. He came to witness's house and commenced to make a noise. He jumped on a broom and broke it. He then knocked the door open and Ann Roberts was struck on the head with a piece of mug, which made her inbensible. She was a cousin of the witness. Com- plainant bled profusely from the wound.—Mr. Stuart, for the defence, said according to the wit- ness there appeared to be no intention to hurt Oomplainant. They had no evidence that the woman was dangerously burt.He had two substan- tial sureties for the man's bail.—This case was also remanded.

===== 0002601_18960912_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

ST. THOMAS'S YOUNG MEN'S CLASS.—On Saturday afternoon a fishing match was held in connection with the above class. About 30 joined in the competition and the total number of fish caught was 36. The following were the winners of the prizts provided by the commit- tee : Messrs. F. Lanley, John Andrews, E. Norbury, N. Beswick, T. Robinson, J. Clayton, J. Hampson and J. Miller,

-6-4 --o. 0.=.0 ng .0. '' pJ 7, 0

1-1 4=.• C:

)i-L ..4 C':,

P--k C., 1

td nl-30 0 y

C 4 Ca i

U

i-i 0

i---L C",.., ,_ 1

===== 0002601_18960912_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW POLICE COURT MISSIONARY.

At the monthly meeting of the Executive of the Diocesan C.E.T.S. held on Thursday, Mr. Charles Wm. Harris of Lichfield was appointed Police Court Missionary for the Wigan Petty Sessions, Newton- le-Willows, &c., and will commence work at once. Mr. Harris who is 31 years of age has had consider- able experience in temperance work in India and England, and comes with the highest references. There were 61 applications. Mr. Taylor the W ar- rington Missionary will thus be able to devote more time to Warrington and Widnes.

p g- 1154 = p„. S tv a r-: to . .-3 •i 1.4 m

cc _ =

CZ CA: =

C. 4 ......I' c, —........ I

i'P'` ...A 44. -......... I

CA c.: -...... 1

Warrington.—Printed and Published by JOHN WALKER , The Examiner General Printing Works. Bewsey-Btreet and Published also at The Examiner Office, Victoria-rot,: WIDNES ; High-street. RUNCORN; 32, George.street. HELENS ; and 33,Market-street,EIBLESTOWN.-6 EPTE3IO 58 12th, 1896.

===== 0002601_18960912_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
TOLADSHIPS AND GRANTS. reChinni instruction Com- a Friday, Augint, '2Bth, the ttions for various classes of ired, and the same awarded'. s tenable at Owen's College, sity College. Liverpool, or of the maximum value of yarded to Walter Cheshire 9f :;ounty Council scholarship chool for three years. Ernest,. , N( rthwich ; Ewen Kerr ot m of Liscard. The specisl4 icourage the application o. .arded to Marion Broadhead work showed great care and in music, tenable at the , Manchester, was awarded ?nhall, near Chester, whose praise from the examiner, :ery, aressmaking, and hula- .iht months at the School of .ster, was awarded to Emily ad amongst the grants for irposes was one of £313 for

3OUTHSE A, Established 1876. ose to sea, most healthy locality. -Miss HAciuTT, principal. x LIOOL (for Boys), ST. ANNES ion unsur passed, NEXT TER36( Ju application to the PRINCIPAL endlebury. WADI TM), irn medi- STRESS, Art, 50; salary £45 ; whin ; upper citand.—Applf . Sen. Hon. Cert., HAM., 23. RERT, WARRINGTON. School ?,mber 15th. Fees, List of Passes, ations.

H, Westerham. 'Kent, 20 miles lays receive individual attention: highest references ; fees moOer- tablished 1882. British Chaplain. Bonn, and his Ash girls to attend with their wri Bonn lUeli School. A resi• lificatedi helps with the prepara- subjects taught by English resi- eaking compulsory. EY BRIDGE HOUSE, South CHOOL for GIRLS. Thorough' ire. English and Foreign Cer- ls. Dins. and Miss WINTER.

)rganist and Choirmaster of rioo, receives or visits pupils for Harmony, &c. Candidates pre- tions. Many past successes.-- et, Warrington.

:AR scnooL.—The next TERg ;DAY, SEPTEMBEk 15th. i. £l2 per annum. is, £9 per annum. Division of age 1.£6 per annum. to the IL AD 'MASTER. :3HOOL. —He tdmaster, F. J. Yettes College, Edinburgh. ster's house. Entrance scholar' hugs new and well equipped, aaium, cricket field, laboratory, 'eel for all the usual examine- . )11ege. New Brighton, Cheshire. Resident qualified staff, inewd- Kindergarten. Music and Voice xtensive grounds. We' I-lighted open sea. Success. sin exam - Perfect sanitation. Principal.

WAARINGTON TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. SCHOOL OF ART. Dra Wing, Painting, Modelling, Design, Life Classes, ""'work, Wood-carving. SCHOOL OF SCIENCE. ectoaetry, Mathematics, Nuilding Construction, Machine k:;laWilg, Applied Mechanics. Steam. Physics (Theoretical Practical), Chemistry (Inorganic and Organic), FL'tsllurgy, Physiology, Mygieno, Woodwork, Iron and Steel, -ressmaking. COMMERCIAL CLASSES. OVriting, English, Shorthand, Arithmetic, Bock-keeping, 'slltig, Spanish, German, Music. CONTINUATION SCHOOL lerE,Paratory Classes in English Compesition, Arithmetic, ttZ,thand, Drawing, Elementary Science, Needlework, p2hesting Classes re-open MONDAY, 21st PTEMBER. YClasses, TUESDAY, Bth. For fees aid other particulars List of classes mad Syllabus, to be had gratis (by post Id.) 4,15 Museum. CILARLES MADELEY. Secretary.

tOlkotGa OF WARRINGTON .—T HE PRIVATE EraszT WOIRKS ACT, 1892. MASON -STREET. IS lIIREBY GIVICY: that the Town Council sof oroligh of Warrington, acting as the Urban District have resolved that the above street skall be levelled, 'flagged. channelled. and 'made good, in pursuance of uht 6 of the *hove Act, and have further resolved "That 13ecf.ioation, plan, and secticns, estimate and provisional tlt lament, prepared loy tke Borough Sarveyor,in respect "h street ht arproved•" es-aid spe,ciication, plan, and sections, estimate and pro- -4,0+141 apportionment. or a duly certified copy thereof, will poslted durinz one month from the seventh day of R.itember, 12,911, at the offices of the Borough Surveyor at Town Hall, and will be open to Inspection at all reason- times. ,4tal information may be obtained from and inspection en ky the Borough Surveyor, at his offices aforesaid, or by ,undertigned. uated this sth day of September, 1896. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk.

COUNTY OF CHESTER. tI2UTSFORD PARLMMENTARY DIVISION. RESIGNA TION of Parliamentary Electors, County Electors an Electors, 1533. NOTICE! IS HEREBY GIVEN that CLEMENT , ELPHINSTONE LLOYD, ESQUIRE, having been 14T• itinted one ef the, Barristers to Revise the Lists of Electors o. Parliamentary Elections, within the North Wales ILtttilt will make a Circuit and hold Courts C , revising the Lists of Parliamentary Electors, tOntY Electors and Parochial Electors, and also of ce,!eparate List ef Persons entitled to be elected Members ne County Council of the County oi Chester, though not k‘ltled to be on 'the County Electors Roll of the said County ob' the KNUTSFORD DIVISION of the COUNTY OF t,iSTER, at the several times and places to.lowing, that is °a3l s',l MONDAY. the 21st day of September next. at 11-2,0 I,4;;Qk in the Forenoon, at the NATIONAL SCHOOL, Dls- For the several Parishes in the following Polling lOticts, vie. : Disley Polling District—Disley. Lyme, endley, and Newtown. Whaley Bridge Polling District— tr,ttieshume, Taxall, and Yeardsley-cum-Whaley. ry,,,,1 MONDAY, the 21st day of September next, at 2-45 fn'oek in ths Afternoon, at the NEWS ROOM, POYNTON. If: the several Parishes in the frillowing Polling District, ' Povnton-with-Worth Polling District—Poynton-with- Irth, and Woodford. TUESDAY, the 22nd day of September next. at 12 noon at the SUNDAY SCHOOL, BOLLINGTON the several Parishes in the following Polling Districts, Bollington Pulling District —B,illington, Kerridge,and • Shrigley. Rainow Polling District—Macclesfield Forest, 0 naine w TUE4DAY, the 22nd day of September next, at 3-30 lock in the Afternoon, at the BLACK BOY INN, PREST- ItT. For the several Parishes in the following Polling Itriets, viz.: Adlington Polling District—Adlington and k'wtors. Prestbury Polling District—Butley, Fallibroome, canttram St. Andrew, Prestbury, Tytherington, and Upton. WEDNESDAY. the 23rd day of September next, at 11 in the Forenoon, at the DRILL HALL, WILMSLOW. the ceveral Parishes in the following Polling District, \Ili: Wilmslow Polling District Bollinfee, Styal, and tem ow. 111 THURSDAY, the 24th day of September next, 043 o'clock in tha Forenoon, at the PUBLIC HALL, illiklALEY EDGE. For the several Parishes in the follow- AlVolling District, viz. : Alderley Polling District— R'4),Psy Edge, Alderley Nether, Alderley Over, Chor ey,and 0"ord Great. o' 14 FRIDAY, the 26th day of September next, at 11.15 Diete,k in the Forenoon, at the NATIONAL SCHOOL, SID- L'utTON. For the several Parishes in the following Poll- tJ viz. Siddington Polling District—Canes- CU. Chelford, Martin, iiddington. Snelson. Somerford ;As. Withington Lower, and Withington Old. c,„vda,FRIDAY, the 26th day of September next, at 2 15 ,lock in the Afternoon, at the ASSEMBLY ROOM, OLMES CHAPEL. For the several Parishes and Parts of ishee in the following Polling District, viz. : Holmes that part roatriet—Brereton-cum-Smethwick. Byley, et the P Tatehouse ; Churclnth f'rmerleY known as Byley-cum- kermincham, Leas Sulotnneeri Cotton Cranage' Davenport. that part of the parish I,)rrnerly known as Somerforcelr-dcu t4rt of the Perish formerly known a. m-Radnor ; Sproston, that Mooresbarrow-cum- erree ; SprostOn, that part of che Parish formerly known as Dpston, Swettenham, and Twemlow. iy4 SATURDAY, the 26th day o f September next, at 10.38 killnk in the Forenoon, at the SESSIONS HOUSE, SFORD. For the several Parishes in the following t,i4,1 Districts, viz. -: Aston-by-Budworth Polling Dia- -I,lkWaston-bv-Budworth, Crowley and Pick mere. Knuts- Xsufslling District—Bexton, Knntsford. Mere, 011erten, ley Inferior, Tabley Superior, Tatton, and Toft. Mobber- 01,e'olling District—Marthall-sum-Warford and Mobberley. 8144 Peover Polling District—Blackden, Goostrey-cum- p„'haw, and Peover Superior. O'QZMONDAY. the 28th day of September next, at 10.35 tor, in the Forenoon. At tne WORKING MEN'S CLUB, 4 h,.".0011 GRALAM. For the several Parishes and part of At,11:18h in the following Polling Districts, viz. :lAllostock Bistrict—Allostock. Peover Inferior, and Peover r. Appleton Polling District—Appleton with Hull, Stretton. Lostock Gralam Polling District—Lach 41,1744. Lostock Gralam, Plumley, Rudheath, and Whatcroft, 6 Pert of the Parish formerly known as Shipbrook. s'tl4 TUESDAY, the 29th day of September next, at liktek in the Forenoon. At the LARGE ROOM GI Lt - For the severval Parishes in the following ei .ng tllet, viz. : Grappenhs.ll Polling District—Grappenhall, ijAford at Latchford Without ittsb TURaDAY. the 29th day of September next, at 2 o'clock Afternoon. At the MAGISTRATE' COURT HOUSE, I\474SBURY. For the several Parishes in the following ,Itig Districts, viz. : Daresbury Polling District—Acton Daresbury' Hatton, Kekewick, Moore, Newton-by- einaury, Preston -o'th-Hill, Walton Inferior. and Walton prier. Whitley Polling Distrint—Antrobus, Seven Oaks, t,4leY Inferior and Whitley Superior. And for all and the-`3" the Parishes, Townships, and places, (if any) within Knutsford Division of the County of Chester. for toi;e4 Courts to Revise the Parliamentary Electors' Lists, tavliltY Electors' Lists, and Parochial Electors' Lists, therein not hereinbefore been appointed. ttp, the Courts for such of the above-mentioned Parishes as ituate within the Borough of Warrington, the Barrister under the above Notice, revise the Ownership Lists only 4'lol Parishes. Ov,rseers and other Persons whose attendance may be thj,sary. are hereby required to attend the said Courts at th,i'everal times and places aforesaid, at which the Lists of ,respective Parishes are hereby appointed to be revised, overseers are required to produce In Court the Rate • of their respective Parishes, containing the Poor Rates 4k`e asd allowed during the periol between the sth day of 444,r,Y. 1895, and the 15th day of July, 1896, and to bring copies of their Lists, and all notices of Claims and th,,4etions. and other Papers they have received, concerning 1/fl,!igistration of Parliamentary Electors for the Knutsford eplea'orti and County Parochial Electors ot the said County REGINALD POTTS, Cletic of the Cheshire County Council. _ster, 15th August, 1896.

DUNVILLE'S OLD IRISH WHISKY 44 -- gained SEVENTEEN MEDALS at various great Inter- It 1 national Exhibitions. 5 ° old by every respectable dealer in the world. Quota- on application to the Head Offices, Belfast. x

T. G. PATERSON, FLUSHING, HOLLAND, THE TURF REGISTER, Published twice daily. Post free. Telegraphic Addresses: Lindoners b.righxter koT ofNt, hF I u sohrlinag inviting vßi tUi nMKP T. eI tOtll rSs..: prospects to the Agriculturist than ONTARIO. -- 'riptive Pamphlet with Maps. sent free on application tivthe ONTARIO O.KRNMENT AGENCY, 7, James-street.

PIANOS FOR HIRE, 108. Per Month. Tunings Free NO HIRE CHARGED IF PURCHASED IN 6 MONTHS. THE BEST AND CHEMPYST HOUSE IN EUROPE FOR HIRING PI/A.NOS AND ORGANS, CRA:NE AND SONS, 217 To 225, VCOTLAND-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

PIANOS,-16s. per mooth on Crane and Sons' easy n two, or three years' system. There is no other house in Europe that 'filers such really good piano on this easy system as CRANE and SONS, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

f_OOD SOUND SECONDHAND PIANOS returned form hire.—Far superior to badly-constructed, low- priced new ones. Great sale—Grande and Cottages, Broadwoods, Collards, Erards, and other makers, from £lll to £lOO. Send for descriptive catalogues. All pianos packed free and sent to any part.—CRANB and SONS, 217 t. 225, Scotland-road, Liverreol.

IDVItOHASEIItS who can pay cask will find that the sheap- I eat house in the kingdom for new Grand and Cottage Picaos by Broadwood, Collard, Brard, Steinway, Bechstein, and other makers of repute is Crane and Sons, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool, where the merits of the Pianos by the respective makers can be tried side by side. All Pianos packed free and forwarded anywhere.—CßANE and SONS, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

41Js1c._50 000 CONES AT id. EACH. Lists 9 past free, from CRANE and SONS, Great Music Warehouse, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

rAYCLES FOR LADIES The WAVERLEY " BELLES " and others, From 210. CYCLES FOR GENTLEMEN, The WAVERLEY " BCOECMERS" and ethers, From 210. Any Machine may be Purchased upon the Hire System, extending from Twelve to Eighteen Months. WILLIAM LEA, 40 & 52, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

pUPTURES, FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. It T. R9GINEITON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7A 9, larosvenor-street Lon. don-road, Manchester.

COINS AND MEDALS. TO COLLECTORS. On SALE. Fine and Rare GOLD, SILVER, and COPPER COINS, WAR and HISTORICAL MEDALS, COIN CABINETS. &c. Highest price given for Coins, Medals, China. Old Sheffield Plate. Antique and Modern Silver, Curios, Diamonds, Jewellery, and Old Gold. T. S. PENNINGTON & CO., NUMISMATISTS, MEDALLISTS, AND JEWELLERS. 63, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1819. Valuations for Probate.

• DAILY SAILINGS. NORTH WALES AND BACK THE SAME DAY. The Cheapest and Least Tedious Sea Trips out of Liyerpcel. Best and Quickest Route to HOLTWELL, ST. WINEFRIDE'S WELL, PANTASAPH, AND RHYL. The Fast Paddle Saloon Steamer FLYING FALCON, Will Bail from the Prince's Landing Stage aid Mostyn (weather and other circumstances permitting), as under : LIVERPOOL TO MOSTYN AND B:ICK THE SAME DAY. Average passage, 1 hour and 45 minutes, giving passengers about three hours ashore in one of the prettiest spots in North Wales. Long day trips about 10 hours ashore. RAILINGS. FROM LIVERPOOL. FROM MOSTYN. Monday 14th Sept ... 11-30 am. I Monday 14th Sept 5-15 p.m. Tuesday 15th Sept 12-be p.m. I Tuesday 15th Sept... 6-0 p.m. Wednesday 16th Sept 2-60 p.m I Wed'sday 16th Sept 7-0 p.m. Thursday 17th Sept:... 4-0 p.m. I Thursday 17th Sept 17-0 p.m. Friday 18th Sept B-0 a.m. I Friday 18th Sept —.7-0 p.m. Saturday 19th Septi...B-30 a.m. I Saturday 19th Sept 7-30 p.m. Single Fare, is. 63.; Return Fare, 2s. ; Bridge Extra. Tickets Not transferable, and available for day of issue only. SOUTHPORT EVERY SUNDAY at 3 p.m. Return fare 13.6 d. Office. 27 Water-street, Liverpool. Telephone 2,334.

SATURDAY AFTERNOON AND SUNDAY SAIL- INGS TO NORTH WALES. The splendid Saloon STEAMER SNOWDON will sail (weather permitting), EVERY SATURDAY, at 2 p.m., for LLANDUDNO, allowing about 1/ hours ashore and arriving back at 8.30 p.m. Return Fares for Half-day Excursion, 3s. 6d. First Saloon ; 28. 6d. Second Saloon. EVERY SUNDAY at 10-45 for LLANDUDNO, BEAU- MARIS, and MENAI BRIDGE, arri7ing back about 7.45 p.m. For further particulars apply to W. H. DODD, 31, Tower Buildings, Liverpool. Telephone No. 1,585.

ISLE OF MAN. EXPRESS MAIL STEAMERS.—(Sundays excepted). DOUBLE DAILY SERVICE TO 15TH SEPTEMBER From LIVERPOOL From DOUGLAS. Daily lO-30 am and 2pm I Daily 9a m and 3-30 p m Saturdays, extra 5 p.m Mondays. extra 12-30 ain 16th to 30th SEPTEMBER. Saturdays and Mondays i Saturdays and Mondays 10-30 am and 4: pm I 9 am and 3-30 pm Other Weekdays 11-30 am I Other Weekdays 9 am •I Mondays extra l2-30 am DAY EXCURSIONS.—DaiIy to 15th September. Also Saturdays and Mondays.l9th to 30th September. From Liverpool lO-30 a m I From Douglas 4 pm Arrive Douglas about 2-15 pm I Arrive Liverpool about 7-45 pm FLEETWOOD TO DOUGLAS. DOUGLAS TO FLEETWOOD. Daily at 2-15 p m I Daily at B-30 a m Douglas due 5-30 p m Fleetwood due 11-30 a m LIVERPOOL TO EAMSEY.—DaiIv. to 15th September, Satur- days and Mondays direct, 12-30 noon ; via Douglas other weekdays 2 pm. FLEE WOOD TO RAMSEY, via Douglas. -Tuesdays, Wednes- days. Thursdays, and Fridays at earns time as Fleetwood to Douglas. Guide and Sailing, forwarded by ISLE OF MAN STEAM PACKET CO., LTD. DOUGLAS.

•". THROUGH THE LAKE DISTRICT TO THE ISLE OF MAN. THE BEST ROUTE TO DOUGLAS IS VIA ' BARROW. Shortest Sea Passage. Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted). BARR() W to DOUGLAS—at 2.0 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 9.0 a.m. Train in connection with steamer leaves Warrington via Preston at 956 a.m Speeial Cheap Return Fares from Warrington : First-class and Saloon 23s. 6d. Trains run Third-class and Saloon lss. C'el. alongside Third-class and Fore Cabin lls. Od. steamers. SPECIAL NOTICE.—CIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available for going via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- ood, or rice versa,can now be obtained at follewing Fares : First-class and Saloon l9s. Od. Third-class and Saloon 13s. 6d, Third-class and Fore Cabin 9s. 6d. Passengers must state at the time of Booking which route they wish to travel by on the outward and homeward journey. Passengers' Luggage is conveyed free of charge from and to the Steamers at Barrow. The journey may be broken at Grange, Ulverstone (for the Lakes), Furness Abbey, or Barrow. JAMES LITTLE & CO., Barrow.

LIVERPOOL AND GLASGOW, N.. CALLING AT GREENOCK. pe,ktyledA. Goods booked through at cheap rates to or from Warrington, Runcorn, Birmingham, Wolverhampton, and all parts of Staffordshire. Weather and circumstanoes permitting. OWL AND BEAR. Or other steamers are intended to Sail (unless prevented by some unforeseen occurrence). SEPTEMBER. FROM LIVERPOOL. FROM GLASGOW. CLARENCE DOCK, Aid by train from Glasgow to (South-west side). Greenock at 6.58 p.m. Thursday 17, 7pm Tuesday 15, 3 ona Wednesday 23. 10 pm Saturday l9, 3pm Ordinary FAres.—Cebin (Including steward's fee), 101;. Return (available for two months), 15s ; available for ten days 12s 6d. Steerage, sa; Return (available for ten days), 7s 6d. Return tickets are available by Messrs. Langlands' Liver- pool steamers and also by their Manchester steamers on pay- ment of Is. AGENTS.—J. Bruce Murray and Co., 24, George-square, Glasgow ; J. and J. Denholm, Greenock. C. MACIVER and CO. 9, Albert-square Manchester, and 64, and 65, Tower Buildings, Water-street, Liverpool.

WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL < ,1& MAIL STEAMERS. 'f! LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. EVERY WILDNESDAY. GERMANIC Wed.. Sept. 16. I 'TEUTONIC Wed.. Sept. 23. Cotton not earned on Passenuer .Sleamerz. Second Cabin will be carried on tne voyage marKed thus*, Steerage passage at low rates, including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. Apply to !EMILY, IMRIE, and Co., 34, Leadenhall stree , London. 8.C.. and 10. Water-street, Liverpool.

IMMEDIATE CAM on Furniture and all kinds of articles 1. either for sale or storage, on long or short periods or purchased outright or instantly.—George TURNER AND SON!, Auctioneers, fo„ 44, Church-street, Liverpool. Telephone 1897.

HENRY WH.ITTY, 15, BASNETT-STREET, LIVEIRPOOL. LAWN TENNIS, CRICKET, GOLF, BOWLS, CROQUET, FISHING TACKLE, ARCHERY LAWN TENNIS RACKETS RESTRUNG, ss. 6u. Agent for T. H. Ayres' High-Grads Cycles. Illustrated Lists Gratis.

CYCLISTS' FIELD GLASS, 308. IN LIGAT ALUMINIUM, A c ) It GS. INDISPENSABLE FOR TOURING. CHADBURN & SON, OPTICIANS, 17, JAMES-STREET, LIVERPOOL. (Opposite Mersey Tunnel Station).

PERSONAL APPEARANCE.—HOW TO IMPROVE.—TAILS OF PURE HAIR, 10s. 6d. HAIR COMBINGS I per or. I IMMOVABLE from MADE UP, I 2a. I SC ALPETTES, J 21s. SHALES BROWN, 3. LEBUE-STREET, (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL.

THE FAMOUS NINE OILS discovered ny the Fmnsican Monks is a boon to sufferers from RHEU- MATISM, SPRAINS, BRUISES, LUMBAGO, SCIATICA, NEURALGIA, and STIFFNESS of MUSCLES. It its mnieai in its effects and gives relief when others fail. Testi- monial from Mr ROBERT STOWELL, 40, Thirlmere-street, Leigh.—Please send two battles of NINE OILS immediately, it is a wonderful remedy.—Every Bicyclist, Footballer. Athelete and Farmer ought to have a bottle handy.—Prepared by J. WOODEND, Chemist, 22, Pitt-street, Liverpool, in bottles 13 10 and 2s 9d. free by post is 41 and 23, Agent in Warring- ton, Mr. YOUNG, Chemist, Warrington,

FOR LADIES' REAL TAILOR-MADE GARMENTS GO TO C. JACKSON HOLMES, MERCHANT TAILOR, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. Agent for the Castle Rubber Co., LW. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY-MADE OR MADE TO ORDER, • IN THE LATEST STYLE. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS TO SELECT FROM. WATERPROOF GOODS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.

LADIES DRESS BASKETS FROM 20s. PORTMANTEAUS. G-LADSTONE BAGS LC. Good quality. at lowest [prices. N ORMAN'S, TRUNK MANUFACTORY, ROSCOE ARCADE (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL.

VIOLINS. BOWS AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Chanot). Strings, Bows, Cases, etc., of Finest Qeality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES AT 37, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 163. LADIES' DUESS BASKETS From 245. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6d. 39 AND 415 DALE STREET, 125 LORD STREET, AND 85 PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

NEW MILLINERY. NEW FLOWERS AND FEATHERS. NEW ORNAMENTS. UNTRIMMED HATS AND BONNETS In great variety. SPECIAL GRAND SHOW ON SATURDAY NEXT AND FOLLOWING DAYS AT HARMAN DREW'S, 120, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL,

ESTABLISHED 18E8. Wm. H. & G-. H. DREAPE 96, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. HIGH-CLASS PIANOS BEARD BY STEIN WEG COLLARD & COLLARD, BRINSMEAD, HOPKINSON, BORD, AND ALLISON. THE CELEBRATED DREAPER PIANOS. ON EQUITABLE HIRE SYSTEM. GUARDING HIRERS FROM ALL RIbKS OF UNFAIR TREATMENT. FROM 7s. PER MONIH. CASH PRICES FROM 16 GUINEAS. 96, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 6457. Telegrams "Apollo."

SPECIAL OFFER FOR A SHORT TIME. A VERY LARGE. AND CHOICE SELECTION OF BOOKS is now being effercd by - T. CLARKE, " EXAMINER" OFFICE, EARLESTOWN. PUBLISHED BY WARD LOCK AND BOWDON LONDON. At a Discount of 20 per cent. or 48. in the Pound.

DRINK CARBONARIS. THE PUREST OF WATERS. • INVALUABLE TO INVALIDS. It greatly improves the flavour of 'Wines, Spirits eta. Ask for it at yourj Chemists cr Hotel. Wholesale only from S. GROUNDS, WESTON POINT, RUNCORN.

G. AND el. PERCIVAL, PARK SIDE DAIRY, SIDENWAY-ROAD AND 7, LOWLANDS-ROAD, RUNCORN. ALL KINDS OF VEGETABLES FRESH FROM FARM DAILY. NOTED FOR FINEST FRESH EGGS AND BUTTER. DIRECT FROM FARM. All Orders Promptly Attended to.

UNDER THE CLOCK. IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON POE GOOD BOOTS.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS. WHEATLEY'S MOP BITTERS. WHEATLErS GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNN INGHAM' wiNwieic ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Sole Agent for A.NGLO-BAVARIAN AM HER ALE. WARDLE'S HOREHOUND BEER

TILE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD DIIIORWIS AND PENRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR E BUXTON 1,0133 FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR ACKERS, WHITLEY A CO., LD., EICREESHAW COLLIERIES, HEAD Oirracis Arpley Station, Warrington. Telephone 19, Tel. Address, Arpley, Warrington. f Warrington.

ESTABLISH/3D 187 S. CHARLES COTTON, SCOTLAND-ROAD (Morritim's YARD), WARRINGTON. TURNING, FITTING-, SCREWOUTriNG, .PUNCHING. DRILLING, (*HERBAL SMITH'S WORK (Light and Heavy Forging.), AO. HORSES CAREFULLY SHOD. Estimates Supplied Free.

XaTehilsliEr 1851. BIRKBECK BANK.' Soithampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, London, TWO-A.ND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed on DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, On minimum monthly balances, wken not drawn below £lOO. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purchased and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT. For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small sum deposit, and allows interest monthly on each corn plated 2. BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars pest free. FRANCIS RAVENSCROFT, Manager.

In Penny Packets with full directions " CALIFORNIAN PREPARED IN ENGLAND for Personal and Domestic Uses. BORAX EXTRACT OF SOAP. " Extracts" all Dirt without Rubbing In ilb„ and jib.. Packets. BORAX DRY SOAP: Sweetest and Best for Daily Use In lb., and lib., Packets. BORAX ROYAL STARCH GLAZE, Queen's Enamel for Starching Purposes. Penny Packets for using with every kind of Starch. Sold by Dealers in Soaps everywhere. MAKERS THE PATENT BORAX CO., LTD., BIRMINGHAM AND LOND@N,

CASE OR EASY PAYMENTS. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. CASH on EASY PAYMENTS. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. LANCASHIRE FURNISHING CO. NEW PREMISES. NEW PREMISES. NEW PREMISES. NEW PREMISES. NEW PREMISES. NEW PREMISES. 58 AND 58, SPEAR-STREET (OLDHAM-STREET), MANCHESTER. We beg to announce that, in consequence of the great increase in our trade, we have been compelled to REMOVE to more commodious premises, and have taken the large Six-Storey Building, NOS. 56 & 58, SPEAR-STREET, JUST BEHIND CROSBY AND WALKEP.'S, OLDH AM STREET: Which have the Largest Showrooms in Manchester, where they will be more able to cope with the great %witless tha has favoured them for the last 15 years. THE SHOW OF NEW AND SECOND-HAND IF URNITURE, &C., Is, without doubt, the Finest in Lancashire, and the buying public will do well to inspect before going elsewhere, either for Cash or en our Easy Payment System. CASH DISCOUNT 5 PER CENT. Buy from the Warehouse and save 30 per cent. Bey from the Warehouse and save 30 per cent. Buy from the Warehouse and save 30 per cent. Buy from the Warehouse and save 30 per cent. --- DRAWING-ROOM SUITES from DINING-ROOM SUITES from BEDROOM SUITES from 2 10 0 KITCHENS FURNISHED from BEDROOMS FURNISHED from IRON AND BRASS BEDsTEAJS from 0 12 6 WOOL BEDS, complete, from FEATHER BEDS, complete, from 1 15 6 FULL-SIZE WOVE MATRESSES from FULL-SIZE STRAW PALLIASES from 0 4 11 AND EVERYTHING FOR THE HOUSE AT EQUALLY LOW PRICES. -- NOTE OUR NEW AND ONLY ADDRESS. LANCASHIRE FURNISHING CO., 56 & 58, SPEAR-STREET, OFF OLDHAM-STREET. MANCHESTER. • ALL GOODS DELIVERED FREE BY OUR OWN CARTS AND IF BY RAIL CARRIAGE PAID.

FOOTBALL SEASON. UNSWORTH BROS., FOOTBALL OUZFITTERS AC, FOOTBALL, RUGBY & ASSOCIATION. FROM THE BEST MAKERS. SHIRTS, JERSEYS, PANTS, HOSE, BELTS, SHINGUARDS, INFLATORS, AC. Special Quotations for Club Outfits. Place Your Orders Early. LYME STREET, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON.

TO PICTURE-FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. MORELL,I7 and 18. Great St.Andrew-st.,Bloomsbury, 111 W.C. Cheapest House in London for English and Foreign Picture-Frame aid Room Moulding, Veneered and Fancy Wood Mouldings. &C. Wholesale Carvers and Gilder and Mount Cutter. Regilding. Special attention to country orders. Full partieulars in New Pattern Books just puts- lished, 107 pa gee containing all the newest designs for six penny stamps, Glass Lists Free monthly. Telegram RA BBITRT, London."

TRY' AND BN CONVINCED. Money advanced daily at a few hours' notice from £3 upwards, simply on note of hand. Interest lower than elsewhere, and cash brought to the house if preferred. Letters prnmptly attended to.— Apply in confidence JONES, 64, Church-street, Warrington. Private ouse. Special terms to farmers. Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.

H E OLDEST ADVANCE OFFICE IN MANCHESTER. STRICTLY PRIVATE ABVANCRS from £lO o £5OO upon PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY at much lower interest than usually charged. Repayment arranged to suit bor- rowers' requirements. Genuine and extensive business done far 25 years past. No I3ills of Sale taken.—Apply or write for terms to GEORGE. PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy- st., Manchester.

MONEY LENT on note of hand alone, without sureties publicity, or security, from £2O to £5,000, to ladies o gentlemen, tradesmen, clerks, farmers, or any responsible person in town or country (distance no object) upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. No fees or preliminary charges whatever; strictly private, prompt and straightforward dealings gnat anteed. Bills discounted, Res- pectable borrowers elsewhere paying the usual extortionate loan office money lender' or so called Banks heavy interest and fees, are cordially Invited to come to me, and I will ac- commodate them upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. Before applying elsewhere call or write. WILLIAM SPENCER, 1, Wellington-buildings South, 2, Lither- land Alley, South Castle-street, Liverpool. Established 1851.

FIELDING'S LIMITED. BILL DISCOUNTERS AND FINANCIERS. LOANS ,t 3 TO £500• DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties, and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on Life Assurauce Policies, Reversions, Freehold and Leasehoid Property. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. £l5 repayable 7/6 per wk. R,5 „ 2/6 „ £2O „ 10/- „ £lO 5/- £25 ~ 12/6 „ Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. Office hours 10 to 7, Saturday 10 to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH W ADSWORTH, District Agent, 121, MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE CREWE AND DISTRICT LOAN Co., (Est. 1&89). 32, CEMETERY-ROAD, CREWE. ADVANCES CASH from £5 upwards on the shortest notice, in town or country, male or fenvile, upon simple promissory notes, on Mortgage of Furniture, Trade and Farm Stock, Crops, Plants. &c. Without removal. Also on deeds reversions, stocks, shares and merchandise of every descrip. tion, repayable by easy instalments. Distance no object Anyone requiring money will do well, before applying else where or paying fees to think of this : " Surely I can dc better with a firm who have been established in Cheshire many years,and devoting themselves to this class of business than I can with so-called private money lenders or agents with small means. Good borrowers can obtain money here on reasonable terms and quickly. Write or call for prospectus. W. JACKSON. Manager.

DEBTS. WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. MR. JOHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers. Working-men, and all respectable Hcuseholders, on their own security. HENT OUSE. MONEY a 1 0 N 11 Y i, AT AO NI NE Cy R TE OAMSOENFURNISHEY YOURTO YOURPAy STOCK.R oWnityhootiurtsßimonpdlesmwernit.tewnithpvtolti.deettype, wylbtackhou.t—pAupbplliyo enquiry, VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Ceatra! Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention.

MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. A. PRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at his disposal is open to advance Loans daily from £2 upwards. No fees charged. No security required. Simply on note of hand. Distance no object.—Apply personally or by letter to MANAGER, 6, Cross Lane, Earlestown (private house). Hours 9 a,m. to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guaran- eed. Special terms to Farmers.

GOOD NEWS FOR LADIES. ALADY, the daugh er of a late eminent physician, will be pleased to forward full particulars (on receipt of a stamped directed envelope) of a Certain Cure for all forms cf Irregularities. no matter how caused or how long standing The Remedy causes no Pain, Nausea, or Prostration what ever. MADAME DOUGLAS, 127, Gaisford-street, London, N.W A Positive Cure Guaranteed. Hours sto 9 p.m.. on TUESDAYS. THURSDAYS, or by appointment. Name this paper

SU N INSURANCE OFFICE, FOUNDED 1710. Sum INSURED IN 1895.—£390,775,000. For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Messrs. J. R. Pickmere & Son, Bridge-st. Mr. Edward W. Woods, Commercial Chambers, 55, Horsemarket-street Messrs. Voisey and Worthington,2l King-street Mr. R. Lowe, Market Gate Chambers

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS AtERS. SMITHERS. Grand-daughter to the Widow 111 Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicin from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and increasing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION.—TO be careful that what they purch tee is prepared by Mrs. Smithers, who is the only person in possession of the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Outside label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the Sole Wholesale Agents, " W. EDWARDS fit Sox, 157, Queen Victoria Street," formerly of 67. St. Paul's, London. are en- grwed on the Gov.rnment Stamp. Sold in boxes at 2s. 94 each by most Chemists.

S AMUEL GEORGE DAVEY, LATE DIRECTOR irrn SECRETARY HENRY MILLING AN D CO., LIMITED, HAS PURCHASED TUE BUSINIISS FOUNDED By MR. A. E. A. SMITH at 2 A.. 4, ACADEMY-ST., AND BUTTERMARKET -ST., WARRINGTON. AND HAS OPENED TME PREMISES WITH A CHOICE SELECTION OF THE FRESHEST and FI zT QUALITY GOODS. WHICH ARE OFF ; t,t AT THE LOWEST REMUNKRATIVE PROFIT.

"I didn't suppoiai- of course, that ne was guest in the house?" said Warner, carelessly. am not such a stupid as that, knowing how eat up be was once because the Lady Barbara refused him, just before accepting you. But a Mend whom I met in town told me I would be sure to see Effingham up here. He has made dozen visits to Cromer since his wife died—" " A h ! " said the baron, again breathing heavili. "Of course there's no harm in the colonel's coming up to Cromer. He told one of the fellows at the club that Cromer was a bit of the original Paradise, and that he had found his Eve there. Effingham must be a romantic fellow. His Eve in a Norfolk paradise I firs ha ! " The stab had been dealt, and the false Wend watched anxiously yet furtively to see Its effect. Lord Cho.mpney's eyes blazed, and his face groW strangely white. The stroke had gone home to his very heart. Yet he was too proud a man to openlY show his hurt. "Effingham may have fallen in kw, with some Norfolk fisher beauty, or with a farmer's daughter," he said, with a quivering smile. "How be can stay in dull Cromer passes my comprehen- sion." "it's a paradise to b(,n now that he is in love," smiled Warner, well satisfied with the result of his nefarious work. "He may call here when he finds you arc at home." Lord Champney's face grew stern. He arose and moved towards the door. "I must go below, Felix," he said. "Come down when you are ready. It's near the luncheon hour." He hurried into the corridor, feeling strangely "So Effingham comes often to Cromer," he mut- tered, his jealous passion all ablaze. "I have come home just in time. I can fanoy who the Eve is who tempts him up here' although Felix had no suspicion. I shall watch Barbara like a lynx and if—. Oh, Barbara, my wife, false as fair ! *hat is to be the end of aft this? Shall I, like Samson, perish, bringing with me Barbara and those she falsely loves into a common rain ?" (To be continued.)

TOBACCONISTS commencing ; write for Illustrated ifluia,e and Catalogue (259 pages) 3d. ToniccoNtsrs' OuTFITTOmf Co.-186, Huston-road, London. Manager, HENRY MyERS. —Advt

"In the organism of man es in that of all the higher, animals, the materials for the nutrition of every portion the structure are supplied by the Blood. If the blood diseased the body is diseased.' " Clarkes' World fam,tl BlocK` Mixture" is a guaranteed cure for Blood and Skin Diseaseei It is the most searching blood cleanser ever discovered, an; It will free the system from all impurities from whateve' cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Mczema, Bad Lefo' Pimples, and Sores of all kinds,:its effects are marvellous' Thousands ot testimonials. Sold everywhere at 2s. 9d. Per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes'Advt. (7)

THE PLAGUE :") F LI F A "Little Cough," THE RUIN OF HEALTH: A "Little Cough." THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH: A " Little Cough." Which may be CURED now by the nnig oivr el tiss of HALL' 4 LUNG RES TORE R FOR INFLUENZA Reitisteresl AND ALL CII ES l' ii LUNG AND TH ROA" RESTORER COMPLAINTS. vu Never Fails. It POSSESSES THE POVir'—‘s LUNG to SOOTHE, RELIEVE. ER HEAL, which exists in MI. RES °- other preparation. LUNG Fon COUGHS p ESTORER. on COI.IISd vx. %., Never Fails. It NEVER FA, LS TO GI • LUNG 1 N6TANT RELIEF. R ESTOR ER. THE FIRST DOSE IS A SOOTHING ritl4.. LUNG LUDE TO THE CURE RESTORER. INDUCES SL EE i ' LUNG Calm, and refreshing. i UNG ESTORER DOES NOT CONTAI R Never Fails. ? LAUDANUM, OPIUM. or MORPHIA'. L - REsToRER. FOR WHOOPING COO° ITAIII LUNG IT ACTS LIKE A RESTORER Children like it. Never Fails. IQI noTTLO' HALL'S ONE 1.02 D. I/UN G RESTORER PROVES ITS V ILU!x•its Registered ESTABLISHED 40 GIVES INSTANT NEV E R NEVON RELIEF. FAILS. FA U.S. ,11 :.... EXTRACT FROM LEHI:Di OF WITNESS BEAff.' Mrs. M. A. Smith, Orphan Home for Girls, Croydonioed to To Mr. THOMAS HALL.-4* DEAR SIR,—I am Pie' ytjl4° testify to the great benefit derived from the use of your ea iti RESTORER, which I have given to seve.al clailci.r,Atons Home—in two cases particularly its effects were ar' al .ect to having cured most obstinate Cough 3. I shall be Ples- recommend it to all my friends. lIALL,O CAUTION.—When you ask, ask for a Bottle of 400 LUNG RESTORER, rbn't be purswzied to accept cton.bottle else. Upon the outside wrapper of every gnoul".,,,Atore appears my Trade Mark (the figure of Hops) and Ta, Beware of fraudulent imitations and innovations. _ Bottle'' Sold by Chemists and Stores everywhere, l' obt,i,„i°6- Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. Should there be any difficultY irio. nr r•". lug it will be sent carriage paid, on receipt of P•o• . _wee— amount, from THOMAS HALL, 24. Queen Victoria London. , _ -

Vir4V4PCSWWW4PrW4749+.7" 'N osl A i . . 2 UVIII3OO 131L'131M10 Cplir, \ , IN 1 , e . ES' , Air I 1 13131 4 °coil rtiN: . . . 9 02 IS IN THE DRINKING V g —AND— . u 9 IT CAN BE TESTED FREE 102 THEREFORE WRITE TO US For Dainty Sample Tin (a Postcard will do) which will be sent 1> 4 rlpost free, if -when writing you name Warrington " Examiner." ADr. Vi-Goc3a, in 6d. Packets, and 9d. and is. 6d. Tins. Sold by Grocers. Chemists, and Stores. p ~ Address: On TIBBLES• VI-COCOA, Ltd., Suffolk Meuse, Cannon Street, London, 5.0. 'N A P*Nzw.A3o46,-v ior-wbh+mlikm-sx: +.&lo22lts+AAtMer2‘.„ ‘r

GEORGE JACKSON. PA.WEBROKEIA., JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH 69. AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS. sad MUSICAL IN- STRUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES. TO CLEAR OT And make room for a new Stook of Forfeited Pledges we are offering Men's Youth's and Boy's Clothing at a great reduction. NOTE OUR PRICES. T UST Forfeited a first Class Silver Q? Lever WATCH, by that well- know maker G. Aaronson, Manches- Payments taken. ter, strong cases suitable for working itan, warranted for 3 years, cost late 22 15s. owner 7 guineas our price

JUST Forfeited by special contrast. A very neat Gold Curb ALBERT Payments taken, in splendid condition, as good as new, has cost late owner, Di 10s. our £3 3S. price for same A' First Class WRINGING Payments taken. MACHINE, for Sale, a Bargain 328. 6D. for now married couple, our price

AN English Silver LeverWATCH, on sale. Capped and Jewelled, Payments taken. in first class order, also plain heavy case Coat owner 4 guineas our £2 2s price

BARGAINS. BARGAINS. CALL and see our stock of PIER GLASSES, we are offering three Splendid Glasses, in Black En- amelled Frames, Embossed with Payments taken. Gold Real English Plate Glass, call and see them, prices 215., 275. 6d., 295. 6d.

-- 10OR Sale, a handsome pair of LUSTRES. under Glass Shades, 10s. 11d.,also a Grand Centre PIECE, Payments taken. under Glass Shade, only 10s. 6d. A pair of plendid JAPANESE VASES, beautifully painted. Stands lnin. 16s. UD. high, A Bargain, only

FOR LIVER TROUBLES, U:e Blinktherne's Liver rills ; post free 14 stamps.—BLINKTHORN, Chemist, Salis- bury.

r I `HRBI3 RECIPHS for is. Hair Curling Fluid, Deafness 1 Remedy, Toothache Cure.—Jornrs, chemist, Glanam- man. BLACKPOOL.—AGBDICY for Apartments, Furnished and Company Houses, Businesses, etc.—W. D. HALSTEAD, 229, Lytham-iosd.

CHOICH CIGARS from 2s. 11d, per lei ; 25 assorted samples, 2s._; 12 assorted, Is. Pay duty to postman.— J. ROGER, Vale, Guernsey. X

MARRIED LADY, has Valuable Harmless Recipe of great importance to Ladies. Stamped address for parti- culars. Mrs. E. Wu.sem. Elder Grove, Sheffield.

URRTWORK, Carving. Repousse, Beat-Iron, Burnt Wood, Bamboo, Picture Framing. and Leather Work; catalo- gue I,6GA illustrations, free 6d.—RAGER BROS., Settle. a

1090 0 0 HANDBILLS, 108.; 1,1110 Business Cards, Bullheads, Memos., &c., ss. 6d. : 500. 38. 6d, cash ; samples ld.—W. A, SMITH. Printer, Carlton Hill. Leeds.

DILSENER LAGAR, 43 per dim, Imperial pints; per 3s. 1 doz. reputed pints ; bottles extra; carriage paid both ways in England and WaIes.—IMPEBIAL LAGAR BREWERY, &mil Tottenham. x

SPLRNDID Assortment of New Season's Patterns for our Celebrated 10s. 6d. (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonder- fully good vaIue,—HAGUE AND Co., Limited, r 5, Byrom-et. Liverpool.

-IDATENT RUBBER SPECIALIIIES, for domestic pur- -1 poses ; better than French catalogue, on application.— MANCHESTER NOVELTY ALASITFACTURING Co., Clayton, Manchester.

CIONSTIPATION.—ExceIIent remedy for this dangerous kJ complaint. Recipe by Eminent Physician —Scud 7 stamps for recipe to HARPER, Ingersley-road, Bollington, Macclesfield.

rTINA SEINICBS.—Lady offers pretty service in pink, 1 green, light or dark blue, 41 pieces, carridgo paid, only us. 9d • genuine bargain.— F. H., 75, FAIRFAX-ROAD, Har- rkagay, London. HAMBERINH. —Lewis' patent Sanitary Cover for use in bedrooms, recommended by Dootors, Nurses, and the " Lancet ," 2s, 3d. per pair, post free, prepaid front G. W. BLow, St. Albans.

pLEIRL'S OBLBBRATED PIANOS, known to all the 1 world's GREAT PIANISTS and Musicians; may be SO- - through the local Agent, or direct from 170, New Bon d-st.. London, W. 14-ISTABLISHED 1875—Assorted Orates Seconds Earthen- ware and China, 50s. and upwards. Priest on appli - cnatoi.-- W. COOPER and Co., Ayshford-street Works, off Clayton-st., Longton, Staffordshire.

IILiS NAILS (mixed) 7s. 6d. per cwt.; 281bs, 2s. Screws (mixed) 29/- per cwt.; 281b5., 7s. 64. ; all other kinns of Nails and Rivets st wholesale prices.—MIDLAND NAIL WORKS, 25 and 26, Bea-street, Birmingham.

PRISSERVIN4.—SpIendid Recipe, cast about 3d. per doz, lbs.. little trouble, keep for years ; can be cooked same as fresh truit ; price is. ; answer per return of post.—T. WOOD, 127, Ruth/ink-street, Southport.

F-UWE Substantially built COTTAGES. to be sold, also two larger ones, bay windows front and back. Wash- houses, all tenanted in good letting neighbourhcod.—Apply Box 18, 'Examiner " Offi cc, Warrington.

rpo ES UV' AGESTS FARMERS and •thers .1 Fencing wire, job lot. eheap, in lots to suit buyers; about 2in ciro. ; special quotation for quantities.—DAwsort and USHER, Ropemakera, ffendon-road, Sunderland. x

HOMS SkiWlNG.—Boye Plain Suits. £1 earned weekly, through parcels post. Persons required. Patterns aud instruction book, 6 stamps. Many advertisements mis- lead, this is genuine.—WlLßY, Saviletown, Dewsbury. x

[OEN LOWE, Fire and Thief-proot SAFE MAKER, has bff U SALE Mimer, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from —3B, Albert-street, King-street West, Manchester.

LiCZKNIA. and all SKIN DISBASKS are speedily and Li effeaively cured by a few applications of SOSIDERM.I. It gives instant relief. Price 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. post tree.— Vuil particulars J&MESAND STswaßr, 51, bath-street, Jersey. •

NEW PATENT RUBBER SPECIALITI RS for domestic purposes; English manufacture ; for 39. 6d. postals will send six special samples; largely in use; catalogu,3 on application. —MascnEsTErt NovalLTY Co., Clayton, Man- chester.

fIOVERNMENT WATERPROOF SHEETS, with four brass eyelet boles, 421 n by 46 in.. 2s each. Also Sheets 6i by 3i reet.3s 6d each, suitable far cart covers, aprons, horse loincloths. or anything you desire to keep dry.—Address, HENRY RosiNsott. General Merchant. Rye, dussex.

BLINDNESS AND DEAFNESS. TF You suffer from any complaint of the Eyes or Ears, write _L at once., to the most successful, Specialist in England for his pamphlet, showing how you can. be cured. Sent any- where on receipt of Stamp. Advice free. Address W. A. MELLOR, 286, Oxford-street, Manchester. TO MARRIED LADIES. TRY ThE FRENCH ItEMEDY. Not a Danger- 1. Drug, but Wonderful Secret Invention ; never falls; particulars tree on receipt of stamped addressed save- lope.—Apply A .D., 217. GIL/HAM-ROAD, Londou, N.B. Name paper.

SORE ETES SKIN DISEASES! BAD LS! WESLEY'S OINTMENT is warranted to cure Bad Legs, Bad Breasts, Ulcers, Burns, Scalds, Boils Rheumatic Pains, Sere Byes. and all Skin Diseases causing the skin to become beautifully clear and healthy. (iet a pot and test its great and manifold virtues. Many cases have been cure,:i when the doctors have tailed. Sent post free for 12 stamps, from HOLDROYD'S DitUG STORKS. Cleck- heaton. Yorks.

BoTABLISH.siD 75 YEARS. THE BEST THING IN THE WOBLD IS BATE'S SALVE. For Instantly Relieving Pain and CIIBING A 133 ESES, BLD BREASTS, BOILS, BURNi. SCALDS, and all SORES. NOTHING TOUCHES BATE'S SALVO- . 70. and 130 . Post Free from BATES, 1, REGENT SQUARE, LONDO(, W.C. ?lease mention paper. TUB GREAT INDIAN 2S 9D. FEMALE MEDICINE. 2S 9D. Discove. ed by a Marrial Lady while travelling in the Far East, Nev. r f .ils to remove all irregularities and obstruc- )ns in two hours after all else have failed Mrs. B— writes :—" Yeur Medicine acted like a charm after two doses, although I had tried in vain ether mere ex- pensive remedies for over three months " Sufferers will avoid much expense by sending at o..ce 2s. 9d. tor a bottle of this extraordinary remedy. MRS. N. A BARRINGTON, 4, F. atherstone Buildings, London, W.O.

ECITATIONS.—WiIfred Denver's Dream, 4d., etc., etc. AA. Send for list.-50, OMBERSLEY-ROAD, Birmingham. x PATCHWORK.—Send for 100 arge SILKS, 1a.16a1. free; money returnable.—DAYLEY, Lower Alstone, Chelten- ham.

FitUIT GROWING.—A Book of 100 pages. How to grow fruit in the fields ; post free for Is. 11(1.—B, WELLS (8), Crawley.

nORNS, certain cure, post free md. in stamps.—HowE, 53, Derby-road, Nottingham. (51 ntion this paper when ordering).

HOMM-MADE BREAD and MILK BUSINESS to be dis- posed of; good stand.-75, QUEEN.S-ROID, Queen's Park, Manchester.

ON SALE, MANURE WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Work, and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. HOSKINS 16, Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

A STROLOGY, Marriage, Business ttc. ; State place, Birth- /1 time, Sex ; Is, to ss. D. ALTAIR, care of F. CHARLES- WORTH, 134, Derbyshire-lane, Shetield. x

44 -pi•ANCREA " recommends itself for INDIGESTION. -L Absolutely certain remedy. Send 2s. 9d. to J. STEWART, 92, Severn-road, Canton, Cardiff.

FULL SIZE Feather Bed, Bolster, 2 Pillows, Linea Tick, containing 3;1 stone purified feathers ; carriage paid, 355. —DICKINSON, and Co.. Bedding Factory, Lincoln.

QERGE JACKETS, 4s. 6d., Cord and Mole Trousers, 6s. ed Printed Mole Trousers, look like cloth, ss. 6d.—HAGUE AND Co., Limited, 65, Bryom-at., Liverpool.

SILENT ROOK or Rabbit Pistol, 3-16 bore, with 100 rounds ammunition. kill 38 yards, splendid condition, in case, 59., post paid.—Mr. BONNET. 34, Victoria Park Square, London, E.

FOR 4 Stamps we send one Pair folding Scissors and ons Patent Penknife, both Sheffield steel guaranteed. Use- ful present, together with amusing Novelty CAtaloguo.— VARIETY Co., Dalston, London. x

DRIPPING 1 DRIPPING I—Pure Beef and Marrow Dripping to be had at 7s. per bucket of 2filbs Send cash with order to T. GREENEALGI & Co„ VVh &sale Dripping Refiners. Roebuck-street, Heckmondwike.

VIRE ! FIRE I I FIRE ! I—Genuine Sale of extensive .1: stock of Pianos. Organs, &c., previous to re-building of premises owing to the recent fire ; easiest terms arranged to effect a clearance.—PAYNE, 103, Approach road, Cambridge Heath.

HBLMETS.—White or Dark Blue, Cork 109000 Lined, and Ventilated all parts. As used by Officers in India, Will send one, any size, post free for 9 stamps.-11. J. GdSSON, Government Contractor, Rye, Sussex.

J IGHT WATERPROOF SHEETS. 6ft. long, 3ft. wide .1J 2s. 6d.; or 6ft. long and 61t. wide, 5e.; very strong with brass eyelet-holes; cost four times the money. Post free from Hr. JOHN GASSON, Government Contractor. Rye, Sussex.

BEFORE MARRIAGIC have own and friend's character disposition, capabilities fully told from ordinary hand- writing by noted Graphologist. Advice on career. Fee is. 6d. PROFESSOR KINGSFORD, 25, Glenthorne-read, Ham- mersmith.

LADIES.—Female corrective Tabloids, t 0 all irregu- larities, Ac. ' • a new discovery ; nothing better; Won- sands of boxes sold weekly ; price, Zs. 9d. To be obtained at tho ORIENTAL DRUG, Co., 83. Endelsham-road, Balham, London. S.W.

_ sgOraLrfkic 16aaamcearsatsersac celfoebrraLedateitagotoor- -150,000 Professionals. MANCHESTER AGENCY is at 71, Oxford-street. (All Saints'). Lists ;free. Second-hand cameras bought or exchanged.

BLINDNESS AND DEAFNESS. TF YOU STIFFER trom any complaint of the Eves or Ears. write at once to the meat successful Specialist in England for his pamphlet, showing how you can be cured. Sent anywhere on receipt of stamp. Advice free. Address W. A. MELLOR, 288, Oxford-street, Manchester.

A BIikIiTIFUL DRESS LENGTM of seven yards double L'IL width, 48 inch wide, Blue Serge, will be sent to any address on receipt of P.O. value Ss ; eash returned if not approved.—HEAPs. The Mill-street and Globe Factories, antwich.

CASKS and VATS, two Vats holding 100 Barrels each, nearly new, well-hooped with galvanized hoops, also quantity ot 140 gallon Casks. Hogsheads, Barrels, kilderkins, Firkins; prices and sarnpIes.—BRIGHTVIELLS COOPERAGE, Burton-on-Trent.

HOW I HAKE INVBSTMSNTS PAY.—See my infallible system. Profits average upwards of £5 per week by Investing a few shlllings 3nly. Guide with illustrations, post free on receipt of P.O. 2s. 6d.—C. DAGLEY, 6, Dorset-street, Whitefriars, London. B.C.

CAPITAL of £25 can be invested in theruughly safe and legitimate manner to double itself in 3 months, iLterest paid weekly. Bona-fide enquirers receive in confidence details of tusiness. with unneniable guarantees and refer- . SYDNEY, Bag., 131, Jenny's street, London, S.W.

PAIRS Lace CURTAINS, 3 yards long, 50,000 52 inches wide, 2s. 9d. 3 yards long, 60 inches wide, 4s. 9d. ; 4 yards long, 75 inches wide, Ss. 9d. per pair ; carriage paid ; money returned if not approved ; samples Iree.—W. COTTON, Weekday Cress, Nottingham.

['IRINA and EARTHENWARE.—Buyers are strongly ad vised to send for price lists of Dinner Sets, Tea Sets Toilet Sets; China and Earthenware 01 all kinds and all prices. Special £1 sample crate of bect and seconds; single set 01 an) thing sent as sample. Buy direct from the Pot teries.—S.WEßß and Co.,Longton,Staffordshire Potteries. x FRA.NCIS STYLO, Marvellous Turf Adviser. Phenomenal success. Last week,2 Hovse Wires contained 10 winners, £lOO for denial. Every subscril er to wires this week will receive two good things free, next. Wires Si. per week or 2s. any one day. Over-night letters, 3s, par week.-39, Gold- smiths Row, Hackney•road, London, N.B.

24 PORTRAITB. Stamp siz?, for Is 6d; 100 for 38 Bd Twelve Carte Portraits, 2s 6d; six for is 6d. Twelve Cabinet Portraits, 5a 6d ; six fer 3s ; three for Zs ; 8 inch size, one to 3s ; three for 6s ; 10 inch size, om large mount, 5s each. send Carte or Cabinet and P.O.—PRAMS AND C•,, 29, Ludgate Ilill, London Established 1886. SPECULATION. SPECULATION.—Sporting Men and SpewiLators of every class, and either sex, who require genuine information about their lucK in these matters, should send stampfrd addressed envelope ter Circular.—WlLLlAM ATKINSON, Clibunt, mear Pearith, Westmerelaad.

pES ! PILES ! —Wanted all Sufferers from Piles, in- ward, o.tward or bleeding to take SPEDDINGS EASE- LIS and be cured as hundreds before have been. It is mar- vellously effective. Post free is. 2d. per bex.—Proi rieter SPEDDING. Bone Setter, Eatley, Yorks. Trade mark 191-b52. TO LADIES.—The new Ayeerican remedy. De Couroy's 1_ Ovules, certainly, safely and quickly remove all irregu- larities of the menstrual functions. Contain as poison nor dangerous drugs; price including postage Es. 10d.—Sole Agency fez. Great Britain, WILSON & Co., Rotunda Building?, Cardiff.

SPORT.— Noiseless Rabbit Rifles, 98. ; Pocket Rifles, 95. 6d. Cartridges, Is. 64. 100. Boy's Own Guns, 2s. 3d. American Pocket Catapults, is. 3d. Rabbit Bolters, superior to lerrets is. packet. Net.., 6 for 25.3€1. Shooting, Fishing and Sportimg Requisites. Lists id., carriage pald.—Joax kGGILESTON, Naturalist. Sunderland.

How TO KEEP BOOKS. The Tradesman's Guide to Good Book-keeping. By a Practical Man. Contents :—What cash did I receive? and how %as it event.? What was the value ef the goods I.bought ? How much business did I do? What is the value of my stock? How should I deal with rent and taxes? How pre- pare profit and loss account and balance-sheet? The private ledger. Bill-book. App,-ndices. Post free. Halt-a-crown. —JOHN bTUART, Saxon Chambers, St. Leonards.

BECAUSE OF YOU. New SONG- by F. PAOLO FOS l'l sung by Mr. KENNERLEY RUMFORD, and all the leading vocalists. BECAUSE OF YOU. By F. PAOLO FObTI. May be had of all Music Sellers and G Ittcoftni AND Co., 265, Regeat-street, W.

FANCY BUSINESS for dispos4l ; South Ccast, stock and fixtures off -red for £2ZO, ill health. Particulars write to M.. 24. Elphinstone-toad, Hastings.

WAN RD to Sell at enee, cheap, the best CYCLE Y REPAIRING BUSINESS in Gorton; with two windows, other business attached; owner going abroad.— Apply at once, 99, GORTON-LaYE, West Gorton, Manchester.

Carrtages baSintititts, Zict AMERICAN SULKIES, Trotting Carts, Gigs, Four Wheel Buggies, Dog Carts. etc. Weight, strength and durability will surprise you.—The AMERICAN CARRIAGH AND HAHNk 88 CO., 90, New-street, Birmingham.

0 0 1) r, it AND SIMM uS. LI COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. ,ligk alass CARRIAGES a Moderate Prices. Good Stock a aelect frura astitaaten for Repairs given free. The best /fork duly . Several Good Secoun-Hand Broughams. Landaus . Victoria. WnttU.3, and Phietons. now for Sale or Hire.

BRUCE& STILL, TD., L 75, N,iRFOLB-STREET, LIVERPOOL, Manufacturers of STEEL & IRON ROOFS, Coutractors for HAY SHEDS, DUTCH BARNS, HOSPITALS, SCHOOLS, MISSION ituo3lB, &e. EBTIMA.TES YRICE. Write for New Illustrated Catalogue of Poultry Houses, Dog Kennels, and appliances, postage free. - BRUCE & STILL, LT n., 75, NORFOLK-STREET, 4

PERCY-STREET: off Lorely-laze, 6 Roomed houses, re decorated be. HOYLE-ST., re-decorated Honses,33.Bd. BANK - STREET, Warrington OFFICES, from P-5, Room. PENKETH.—Semi-detached ROUSES with gardens, 4315 and £l3 per year. Cottages 35.6 d. and 2s, 13d. per week Apply, ROBERT LOWE. Estate Agent Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No. 65.

PRBMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— Apply ASHTON AND WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-et., vrarriagton.

rpo LET.—Good COTTAGES a Lovely Laws, rent 48.- 1 Apply ASHTSN an W•IIDS, Solicitors, Itorsemarket-st„ Warrington.

SHOP and HOUSE to be Let, with bakehouse attached. No. 62 and 64, Golborno-at.—Apply 20, RoLLErrort-sT., Warrington.

TO LET.—Geod HOUSE. 36, rierpoint-street, rent 4s.— _l_ Apply MINTON and WOODS, Solicitors, Horseniarket, street, Warrington.

\N-ARRINGTON.—PIeasant HOUSE, lobby, parlour, kitchen, Scullery, 3 good bedrooms FARREL-ST.- Howley-lane. Rent a. ad.

TO LET.—Good H•USE, 23, Catherine-st., 3 hareems, rent, 4s. 64.- Apply Asiciox, and WOODS, solicitors, ilersemarket-street. Warriagtes.

HOUSE, situate, Eagle Mount, Wilderspool, composed of two sitting-rooms, kitchen, cellar, and other convent- enees ; rent £l6.—Apply J. BOSTOCK, Wilderspool, Warring- ton.

QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod 0 Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229.

pA TENT OFFICE MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIRI, ,k SON have hiol more than 4C years' personal experience in connection with this Establish ment, and possess practical knowledge of the-cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C. 8., lc SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. , PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

THOMAS GREEN & SON, LIMITED, LEEDS AND LONDON. Manufacturers of THE "SMITHFIELD" GAS ENGINE on tho improved Otto principle. Intending purchasers should see it before they place their orders. It is POWERFUL, ECONOMICAL, and CHEAP. hizes in Sto .k from 1 to 12 h.p. Second-hand ones of various sizes and patterns, and repairs promptly attended to. Also MAKERS of TEAM ENGINES, STEAM BOILERS, VERTICAL, LOCO-TYPE, .CORNISH and LANCASHIRE PATTERNS. All Sizes front 1 to 25 h.p. We also supply CAST-IRON, MALLEABLE IRON, and BRASS CASTINGS at moderate prices to the trade and others.

AFEW high grade" Court Royal " Laly's SAFETIES to disposeof ; Dunlop Welsh Tyres; half traasparent gear cases £II.—LLOYD, COURTS k Co., Coventry. a

DICYCLR, 1898, 220, Rudge-Whitworth model, pneumatic AI safety, laced tangent wheels, equal new, lamp, bell and every accessory, take £8 15s. ; no opportunity for using it.— STUDENT, 4, Cranbrook Mansions, South Lambeth-road, London. S.W. lc

UNITERSAL CYCLES. The BEST VALUE in the Trade. Every machine warranted for one year. 1896 LADIEW Safeties, fitted with Woodley detachable pneu- matic tyres (guaranteed), gear case, dressguards, brakes etc., complete. VI 158. Od. 1896 GENTS' Safeties, fitted with Woodley detachable pneumatic tyres (guarante.d) etc., £8 15s. Od. IMMEDIATE DELIVERY GUARANTEED. Don't be persuaded to nay £2O for a machine when you can obtain a genuine one (made of the finest materials and best workmanship) for less than half the usual price direct from our factory. Finest and most extensive selection of new and secondhand machines in the world. About 1000 always in stook. Second_ hand solid tyred safeties from 15s. ; cushion ditto from ; pneumatic ditto from 60s. Lamps, bells, valises, and all nee9ssary fittings for cycles at about half the usual prices, Rtpaire done on the premises at the lowest rates. Country orders promptly attended to. EDWARDES & FLEXMAN, 3 & 2Q, Blackfriars-road,London, S.E, Hours— 9 a.m. till 9 p.m. The oldest established house in the trade.

CYCLES! k./YCLIIS ! ! CYCLES !1! THE CYCLE KINGt. J. WADDINGTON, (Holder of the 50 and 100 miles Northern Road Record), 10, ST. JAMES-STREET, WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE POLLITT, COLLIER TWO-SPEED GEAR, NEW HUDSON, ALLARD, DIOHAWK, AND TRIUMPH CYCLES. Call and see him for GOOD RELIABLE MAC- HINES, REPAIRS, and Accessories. WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. Second .hi nd Machines always in Stock. Three years' Guarantee, LADIES CYCLES A SPECIALITY, To meet the requirements of those who cannot see their way clear to Buy a Machine Right Out, by paying £3 down they can have a Machine any day during 106. DON'T FAIL TO LOOK IN AT WADDINGTON'S CYCLE SHOW, 16, ST. JAMES-STREET, (Just over river Bridge), ALSO AT MERSEY-CHAMBERS, MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

PATENTEE AND MAKER OP THE " ELEGANT" CYCLE STAND. ADAPTED ESPECIALLY FOR HOME USE. AGENT VIVI THE " RUDGE," " WHITWORTH," TOWNEND BROS., AND OTHER HIGH-GRADE CYCLES. MAKER OF THE " SPRINT " CYCLES. MACHINES MADE TO ORDER. A VARIETY UF LADIES' CYCLES ON HAND. INSTRUCTIONS GIVEN BY LADY ATTENDANT. REPAIRS A SPECIALITY AND PkiOIIPTLY ATTENDED TU. CHARLES ALLEN, MERSEY CYCLE WORKS, LIVERPOO - ROAD, WARRINGTON.

A. GLARE, KNUTSFORD-ROAD BRASS WORKS, WARRINGTON. SOLE AGENT YOR THE BEVERLEY CYCLES. REPAIRS, PLATING, AND ENAMELLING A SPECIALITY. BOILER MOUNTINGS. BRASS CASTINGS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. ENGINE FITTINGS. BRASS LACQUERING. • LUBRICATORS. ALL CLASSES Or ACUINERY, &c., REPAIRED ON THE SMORTEST NOTICE. PASS RAILINGS. ALL CASTINGS DONE ON THE PREMISES ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE. BRAZING. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL CLASSES Vv aRK.

Telephout Ne. 55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER Begs to announce that he has removed his @MCA& to the more convenient premises NO. 17 BANK STREET, the Ground Floor of the Central Sale Rooms.

JONES AND ELSWORTE INCORPORATED ACCOUNTANTS. ESTATE AGENTS, Ac., 57, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE of Property for Sale by Private Treaty, sent post free to any address on application. Re-issue periodically. Particulars of property entered with- out charge unless a sale is effected. Advances made by several Building Societies (Permanent) On easy terms. NO PREMIUM CHARGED IN CONNECTION VIETR ADVANCES ON GOOD FREEHOLD SECURITIES. Private mort- gages arranged at low rates of interest. Telegraphic Address, " Elsworth, Liverpool," Telephone No. 2,136.

THOMAS CO WDELL, ESTATE AGENT AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFICES AND I SCOTLAND-ROAD ChAM.EBRS. SALEROOM:— 145, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARRING TON Furniture on Sale by Private Treaty. CONSIGNMENTS INVITED.

31?0tt15, 34pbroO, Aoarbing 05tab6. - .A 4 HEAT BRlDGE—Victoria Hotel. standing in its own 01 private grounds and facing the Menai Straits; terms reasonable—B. G. Titomas.

D A.MSEY. ISLE OF MAN. Mona Ville. first-class Boarding Establishment, facing sea ; near pier; tennis courts, golf. fic. Table d Hots 7 Tariff.

BDOWNESS, INDERMERE, Albert Hotel.—Parties catered for. Moderate charges. Tariff on application. Near tke lake. —R. BARWICK. Proprietor.

T LANDIID NO.—MANS ELL' Boarding Establishment. IA Craig Mor, Abbey Road. Spit ndid situation. Board and Residence. Home Comforts. Terms very moderate. -VULLY LICENSED HOTEL, picturesque neighbourhood; 12 immediate disposal, exceptional circunastances. every investigation invited; rare bargain. Particulars—MlLLEß, Downend, Bristol. x

\BAN N.B.—COUNTY HOTBL, Argyll Square. First- kJ class Temperance for Families and Tourists. Beside railway station and Post Office. This homelike and comfort- able hotel is largely patronised by Lancashire aid Cheshire people. Charges moderate; special terms for boarding ; hot and cold baths free.- J. C. lllnDonli.s.

HESTBR.—Temperance Hotel, 114, Brook-street. Good aecomo-lation with special moderate terms to com- mercials, cyclists and visitors. Ladies coffee room. Night bell; 2 minutes from London and North-Western Station.— Mrs. WEBSTER WILLIAMS. X

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATR HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, RUSTON SQUABS. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BVSINESS OR PLEASURE.

QOUTRPORT.—SUNNYSIOR HYDRO Phys., Dr. BAR - `,_7 NADDO, Summer and Winter Residence, one of the handsomest buildings, centrally situated, replete with every comfort, fine sea view, near park, pier, trams, and golf links Turkish, Vapour, and other Baths. Massage, Galvanism Summer Terms from 7s. per day.—J. BeIICOCK, Proprietors

SOUTHPORT. WHERE TO DINE IN SOUTHPORT AT HAYES' RESTAURANT, ADJOINING THE LANCASHIRE AND YORKSHIRE RAILWAY CO.'s STATION. 33, CHAPEL'. STREET, SOUTHPORT. ESTABLISHED 1869.

B°°'DLACKPOOL.—Mrs. Tics, 25, Exchange-street, North Shore. Homely A PARTMENTS for Invalid Gentlemen; no other lodgers.

BLACKPOOL.—Carnfortable APARTMENTS at Mrs. STANDRING'S Marton Cliff, 40, Great Marton-road (now re-named "Central Drive.')

BLACKPOOL (HOLLYHURSi, 21, Shaw:road. -giuth Shore.)—APAIIT dENTS ; five minutes from South Shore Station and Victoria Pier.

SOA RBOlie UGH .—Private Apartments; facing sea, Clarence Gardens and Pier.—Mrs. IBBERBON, Wharncliffe House, 26, Blenheim Terrace, North Cliff.

SUPERIOR homely APARTMENTS: good cooking ; highly recommended ; terms moderate.—Mrs. BARROW, Stone Greve. Lloyd-street, Llandudno.

-lIDLACK POOL: South Shore.—Mrs. MACDONALD, 12, Station-road;super lor Apartments near Victoria Pier and tiams ; sea view ; terms moderate.

RAMSEY, I.O.M.—Toxteth House, central position on new promenade, facing the sea ; APARTMENTS with or withaut toari. Terms en application.

BLACK POOL. —Mrs. WADDICOR (from Darwell), 65, Lytham-road, near Manchester Hotel. Comfortable APARIMENTS ; two minutes' walk from sea. DOUGLAS.—Mrs. HOIiGH, Delamere House, 1, Entpress Drive, Crescent. Promenade; trams pass from boat ; full board from be. per day ; private sitting-room. --- DOI GLAS, ISLE OF MAN.—Good, comfortable LODGINGS at 4, GROSVENOR-ROAD ; reasonable terms; take cab (half will be paid), drive to above address. near Bit_ ackpool.—Comfortab e Apartments, for I) winter months; bath, w.c. ; SKIDMORE, Daisy Bank.

BLACKPOOL.—AGENCY for Apartments, Furnished and Company Reuses, Businesses, ete.—W. D. HALSTEAD, 29, Lytham-road.

Ul/NO.-0 omfortable A P A R T M EN T S ; good cook- moderate terms ; opposite Catholic church.—K. The Woodlands, Lloyd-street.

DENMON PRIORY, near Beaumaris.—APARTMENTS to _L be Let, ene sitting and two bedrooms (one double- bedded) ; 28s a week ; situated on the shore of Menai Straits and if, private park.—Apply to Mrs. WILLIAMS. - -- -DLACKPOOL.—Mis. JOHN LAW, Dudley Hill House, 47, 11 Coronation-street, near Central Station and sea. Terms reasonable ; comfort accommodation ; well-furnished house. Public and private Apartments. Piano.

OHICKENS, DUCKS, TURKEYS, GEESE trussed and post free.—Miss ALWOR7H. hare Hill, Bandon, Cork.

VCR Sale Litter of Sable Collie PUPS, 3 months olrl, by the celebrated stud dog Ballyarnett, bv Sefton Hero, ex Nancy, by Metallley \Vanden—Apply 29, GREAT GEORC4E- SQUARE, Liverpool,

‘;_IPLENDID Young Grey PARBOT • just commencing to kJ talk, with Brass-mounted Indestructible Cage ;or would exchange for anything more useful.—lirs. TURNER, 115, Upper Warwick-street, Liverpool DlGS.—Grand lot of USEFUL STORES, all sizes, at prices 1 to suit the times. Inspection invited. Delivered free. Fresh lot every ::aturclay : 70 te SO to choose from. Letters promptly attended to,—TAYLoB, near Station, Newten-le- Willows.

SORE SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS, 84c., quickly CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary Book free from 61, Turnroill-Street, B. C. Horseu suffering from wounds, outs, bruises, broken knees, cracked heels, grease or thrush. CURED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Condy's Fluid. diluted). It makes the hair grow where rubbed off. Prices, 8 oz. is. ; 20 oz., 2s. of all Chemists. ITETERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing diseases 9f Horses, Dogs, /cc. from CONDY'S FLUID Woims, 61, Turnmill-street, London.E .C.

"ATTENTION !" ROME WAS NOT BUILT IN A DAY. TRUE. IT HAS TAKEN 25 YEARS TO BUILD UP OUR REPUTATION. ALSO :TRUE. You may buy Rubbish at Rubbishy Prices, bat as you can purchase a RUDGE from £lO Nett, surely it is worth your while to ignore the many cheap and nasty apologies for Cycles now on the market. Bay a BUDGE or WHIT- WORTH. and save the endless sums for repairs which the purchase of a Cycle (?) made of gaspipe and bedsteac tubing always necessitates, not to mention the risk of life and limbs attendant upon a rider of a crock. Guarantees tr9.m many agents, and makers are not worth the paper they are written upon, so many people in the ycle, Trade being here to-day and gone to-morrow. There- fore. get the Gnsramtee of the LARGEST AND OLDEST CYCLE FIRM IN THE WORLD. By Buying BUDGE AND WHITWORTH CYCLES. Good Discount for Cash, or on our New Easy Payment stem. RUDGE-WHIITWORTH, LIMITED (Budge Cycle Co., Ltd., and Whitworth Cycle Co., Ltd.) Works—COVENTRY and BIRMINGHAM. Turing out Over One Thousand Machines per Week. LIVERPOOL HOWIE-101, BOLD-STRERT.

A REAL BOON TO L,IA.DIE TO Especially to those who wish to know of LADIES 1 0 a safe, certain, and speedy remedy for LADIES TO all irregularities and obstructions, a LADIES , remedy which under the most trying LAD iES lu! circumstances and in the most difficult TO and LADIES TO OBSTINATE CASES LADIES TO NEVER FAILS TO AFFORD LADIES ' TO RELIEF, GENERALLY IN A PEW HOURS. LADIES TO No case hopeless, failure is simply LADIES TO Impossible, as Mrs. Snow, of Denmark LADIES 'TO Hill, Camberwell, writes; LADIES TO "By adopting your treatment my anxiety and misery was over within' TO twenty-four hours, although for over three LADIES S TO months I had been daily taking pills and LADIES TO other things in vain. Half the quantity LADIES , TO you sent proved effective, to my intense oy and surprise." LADIES TO A sworn guarantee is enclosed with all LADIES TO testimonials and medicine, which is in- LADIES TO expensive, as one bottle at 4s, 6d. (by LADIES ; TO post, 4s. 9d.) is usually sufficient for any LADIES I case. TO Full particulars will be gladly forwarded LADIES TO to any lady on receipt of addressed LADIES To envelope. LADIES TO, Write privately to— Mrs. M. M. M.,LADIES TO. 145, STOCKWELL-ROAD, LONDON, S.W LADIES

REAL CHESHIRE CHEESE. PRIZE DAIRIES. PRICES MOST REASONABLE. HENRY MILLING & CO., LTD., 5; HORSEBIARKET-STREET AND CORPORATION-STREET, WARRING/lON. Totephone N3I 48.

LAST FEW DAYS OF EVANS' SUMMER SALE. IMMENSA REDUCTIONS IN EVERY DEPARTMENT. -- EV ANS 17, SANKE Y-STRERI , WARRINGTON.

MAWSON & CO. STANDARD TAILORS. NEW WOOLLENS FROM THE BEST MAKERS. SPECIALITIE-S from the Leading Irish Manufacturers. PRICES MODERATE. NO READY MAIMS. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES TO ORDER. UMBRELLAS, &a. 35, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. MOURNING ORDERS EXECUTED ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE.

ESTABLISHED 1858. CHARLES SUDLOW, BOOT AND SHOE MANUFACTURER, 15, WINWI OR-STREET, WARRINGTON. A CHOICE ASSORTMENT OF LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S BOOTS AND SHOES ALWAYS ON HAND. REPAIRS NEATLY EXECUTED

EAL E'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS FFERED AGONY FOR THIRTY YEARS. EADE'S pILLS. "30, Randall Street, Bridge Road, Battersea, S.W., January 27, 1892. EADE'S pILLS. "Dear Sir,—l feel it my duty to write and give you great praise LA DE'S p ILLS. for introducing such a valuable 1!I medicine as your Gout Pills. Having SUFFERED UNTOLD AGONY FOR 30 YEARS. I can truly say I have never had anything to relieve my pain so quickly as your Pills. I used to lay in bed for two or three months at a time, but now I not only get re- GOUT lief in a few hours but am able to get to vrork in less than a week. My complaint RHEUMATISM is the worst oi all Gouts, ar--/ called Chalk Gout. —Years urOUT truly, W. LITTLEJOHN." _RHEUMATISM Mr. G. Bade. EADE'S GOUT & Rll EUMATIC PILLS Prepared only by George Bade, 72, GOS WELL-ROAD, LONDON. B.C. ; and Sold by all Chemists in Bottles, Is. lid., and 2s. 9d. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. THE BEST MEDICINE FOR BILE, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR WIND. THE BEST MEDICINE FOR INDIGESTION IS EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. They quickly remove the irritation and feverish state ot the STOMACH, correct the morbid condition ot the LIVER relieve the system of all impurities; which, by circulating in the blood, injuriously affect the action of the KIDNEYS, and, by removing the causes of BO much discomfort restore the vital energies of body and mind. -- EADE'S A NTI B I LIOUS PILLS. Sold by all Chemists in Boxes, is. ltd. and 2s. 9d. or mailed Free on receipt of remittance by GEORGE BADE, 72, GOSIVELL-ROAD, LONDON, E.C. ANTIBILIOUS PILLS

LAWN MOWERS! LAWN MO lir EV I - 10 1 vvE ARE THE ONLY MAKERS OV LAWN MOWS I, appointed by Royal Warrant Makers to H.M. the Queen ' and his Royal Highness the Prince If Wales. "i ri REEN'S PATENT " SILENS MESSOR "LA UT MOWERS, WITH IMPROVED WHEELS ANy SOLID LINK STEEL CHAINS. :11EW MONARCH and OTHER PATTERNS. Take the lead of all o hers, and are the FIRST, FOREMOST, and BEST IN THE WORLD. They ha.‘re stood tile test for upwards of thirty years. an" have carried off EVERY HIGHEST PRIZE which has bees givea in all cases of competition. They are in onatant use in all the Royal Gardens' DO GM Clubs. They will cut either short or long grass, bents, dr.3., we er dry. EVERY ONE SPNT OUT IS GUARANTEED to gib entire satisfaction, OLherwise it may be returned at ones Free of COST to the PURCHASER. They can be had of all respectable Ironmongers and Seels. men in the United Kingd.sm, or from the Manufacturers. THOMAS GREEN & SON. LIMITED, SMITHFIELD IRONWORKS, LEEDS, ATTD SURREY WORKS. BLACKFRIARS ROAD, LONDON 15./3' Carriage Paid to all the Principal Railway Statioris in the United Kingdom. Illustrated Price Lists, with Testimomals, Free or Application. GARLAND, IRONMONGER, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON,

J. 11. DUTTON, MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN.. (LATE J. S. GARLAND). GENERAL FURNISHING 84 BUILDERS' IRONMONGO Sole Agent for the Celebrated RUDGE WHITWORIH, EXCELLIOR, EUREV, AND COVENTRY CROSS CYCLES. GREENS PATENT' SILENS MESSOR ' LAWN MOWERS, GARDEN ROLLERS, GARDEN SEATS) RAKES, SPADES, FORKS, ETC., AT LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES. GUNS AND AMMUNITION. Estimates Free.

TEE BELFAST HOUSE. JOHN WILSON AND SON, of BELFAST and BALLY3IENA. LINEN and DAMASK MANUFACTURERS, beg to inform their former Patrons and the Public generally that their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE, 76, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, IS NOW OPEN with a JOMPLETS STOCK of their CELEBRATED HAND-WOVEN DA NIASK TABLECLOTHS, NAPKINS, SHEETING, PILLOW LINENS. TOWELLING. CAMBRIC POCKET-HANDKERCHIEFS, also MANTLE - MEN'S SHIRTS, COLLARS, and CUFFS. and LADIES' aid CHILDREN'S UNDERCLOTH- ING, of their Own Manufacture, all of which tkey will SELL at Bona-fido MANUFACTURERS' PRIUBS, All are Invited to Call and Inspect. No one importuned to buy. JOHN WILSON AND SO LINEN AND DAMASK MANUFACTURBRS, OF EHLFAST, 76, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

A WONDERFUL REMEDY For BILIOUS and LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, W 1142. SPASMS, FOUL BREATH, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, IRRITABILIT,' ~:6Tonoa LASSITUDE, LOB 3 OF APPETITE, DYSPEPSIA. HEARTHETH2r. LOWNESS OF SPIRITS, GIDDINESS. AC. As a General Family Aperient Medicine, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, ARE UNRIVALLED. 0 Heads of households should always have a box by thonaho., resort to on any slight occasion of ailing on the part 0... f. is avoided or mitigated. They give a healthy tone an" 'Zoe to the different secretions, causing the necessary organ Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus res'"";h:4 the appetite, promoting digestion and strengthening .-- ,?entdioe. r otfhti- hire sctohawrgaceh. ,aLsiveoryapnadying attention to the iovveig, many a Beve.; .iivoir whole system. The Genuine are in a square green packet. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other medicine instead Prepared oaly by W. LAMBHRT, 173, Seymour place' London. W.

ebt " eyaminer " Annts OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS• Comprises THE Warrin h gton and Mid- Examiner, ptlir fished every Saturday morning. THE Bartestown and Newton Examiner, pubiishei every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Fridfli _L afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Satur _ll day morning, and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Sa turd's,' morning. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. Ono Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 . Os. 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 25. Od. 27 Os. 9d. ... Is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. 36 is. ed. ... 2s. 6d. ... 45. Od. 45 ls. 3d. ... 3s. Id. ss. O. 54 is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od. The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No advertl9r anent inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

TUE EXAMINER. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12th, 1896.

ACCIDENTS TO LIFE AND LIMB. RAILWAY ACCIDENTS. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO, ESTABLISHED 1849. CAPITAL £1.000.000. COMPENSATION PAID £3.600,000. 64, CORNHILL , LONDON. 'Wart ::Igton AGENTS Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr. w.H.Rmingy, ...... Nessc life, Victoria Road Latchford . 11ele %nu. Mr. J. B. LEACH. Hardshaw-street ,sto .6 rd Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER ............. Mr. R.FINLOW.Rookery Bridge

DAILY SAILINGS. TWO HOURS. CHANNEL URUISES. FARE 6D. CHILDREN 3n. THE FikVOURITE SALOON STEAMERS. AUSTRALIA AND AMERICA ticor other Steamer) will leave the Prince's Landing-stage. tttirrPwi (weather and other circumstances permitting) Iv;Y at 3.15, 4.15, 6.15, and 7.0 p.m. Saturdays an 11 ``, "Ys at 11 a.m. 3.15, 4.15. 6.15. and 7 p.m. Sundlys at 1•01• 3 15, 4.15, 6.15, and 7.15 p.m. Light Refreshments on board. Special terms to Clubs, Schools, Tea Parties, itc. 11----khla, COFFEE, and DINING-ROOM..—To be disposed of I,e istemed Tea, Coffee, and Dining Rooms, in ,Dro i ximitv t the Mersey Tunnel itailvv t-t ay htion. Sttge. and George's Dock. The above s offered as c-onceru —Apply between eleven a.m. and two p.m. GOREE-PIAZZAS, Liverpool.

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CNEST3 W ITH a prudent uso, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take 5...0me good Compound such as COCKLE' N ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end ally be obtained without scales and areightu, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted btittles with crystal stoppers. Others slight be used, but CO C 'CIA'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their wpm's so well, may be set down as the best. —Observer. Coc KLEs FREE FROM MERCURY. ANTIBILIOUS OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. p 1.1 For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY. INDIGESTION, &c.

IMPORTANT TO MARRIED LADIES Valuable and never-f4iliwg remedies for all irrmularities and obstructions however obstinate or long-standing, and never fail to bring about the desirei effect, as testified to by hundreds of cases; as they are without parellel in medical science; havesaved thousands trouble. illness and expense. StampecLenvelope for price Iist.—QUALLFiED CHEMIST, 201, (*rest Ancoats-st., Manchester.

11111 i _, .... THINK! JUST ;,- THINK A LITTLE 11 cWAHT:h.: This TO isULo WITHOUTt rYOUa PAY A catch t 2416. Fie RL EaWn,H;,:,,A WHAT Ro YOUe 89t de at endeavour to secure Your trade by , 1 ' • giving you the beat sterling value you I , Ids ever had. Write at once for Patterns le and Self-Measurement Forms. Suits to Measure 92 pATTrsoTuoseN B 6rs /9 / 6 You will never leave us once you give us a trial. There is no risk. Send us a post card,patterns free, not returnable Carriage Paid 0,1 ail p,el ars. R 0 s— ~ I _,..... ATLAS CLOTHING WORKS. JACKSON STREET, DERBY. a••••• vp Please 'mention this Paper.

Send Photo of yourself or frlena, tocrnther with P.O for Cf- and you will rec.:ive (earria-7e paid) one of our p,oular enlargement:4 0 artisrically finished in inono,sh'.'in' kA(Di and mounted on granulated a ‘) Should and Plate Sunk Mount: , \.)`' Enlargement inea*uring not be con,idered 15 by 12in. Os° we w reas,onably satisfacgtormy "0° ill do • lie work over a a• FREE of CHARGE, or refund Money. Address Order and Remittance to THE PHOTO ENLARGEMENT Co., High Street Studio*, Wood Green, London, N. N.B.—NAbtx PAPER..

ENAGLIRE3C—TI9EE EST!3I3 BENSON'S ENGLISH Guaranteed for Accuracy, Durability, Strength, and Value_ Thousands of Testimonials have been received. • BENSON'S BENSON'S Ezigli..l. r_dezrißro Iteyless Eial Id rish geosreis iiLuDGATEO WATCH 66 BANK ~ WATCH. _ , In Silver Cases . IN USE ALL TELE WORLD OVER. In Silver Cases. In Silver Cases ---\,,,,. In 18-et. Gold Cases. INP:\k • •:!-...:, IF ';',-.: .'.- • ---.4\ I::.tifz.. • . . .. - cto „ .... r_ .t., \‘‘...,.... ~ ft: t , ..I'; :7:6.-.,,,..:1i SlellelcutisotnrsaotfeWdatßehoeoskor 1 ' 1 ~.\ \i , , ~:,.',,, I , . ;• ,k, it,_,_,T,...3 ,' ', \ .1- _,:,.--' Jewellery sent free on '.'" j. n,, •,"' i ' • l ,ii.: '"' •'' ' ', \ \'--i''.;i receipt of reference. i' I "iir 1 : '4.•' I ',, -' \''' 4.... Post Free. -, i ..k:i, ,1 OLD WATCHES AND '' . .. Ij, t .:, • *.i,..-,,, JEWELLERY TAKEN ,-1 -.".,,:310 ENT EICHANGE. -:'..tt.,'" /,', ii' .4• ~•;,, All Goods Not Approved .';'` . it.,, ~ ',11,'-'''',,!.''./.• \ iik , 4 / • t",-.,,.:A" will be Exchanged. •>, \ Ni, •-•-.. -,./,';,;;:,:v" ______ .. . ---3 k,,..: /.('S '<' rk.,,.,..1. „...„„•-....„,;....„,,„-,,,,,,,4. --',4•41.,--,..,"-- k...:, _ . .41z;-.::,•;',.;;''' ''"-.:4..tgt•-•/. Cheapest, Strongest and most Durable London 1 A good Knockabout Watch for rough wear at a. made THREE-QUARTER PLATE ever sold. 1 low price. lkst London made. Three-Quarter Plane An English Lever, Jewelled with 13 Rubies. chrono. Engli4h Lever, La.r...e, Obroneme.ter Balance, Jewelled. meter Balance, Patent Large Barrel. and Damp aEd. in Rubies.., Strong K,yles.s .Actioa. Dust Proof Rinv Band. Price £5 ss. An Exaet Timekoe•-)er. and better value than any Keeps better time than, told is double the Strength Keyless Watch old for 4'lo. and Value of. any £5 ss. Watch made. In ver Cases wit Strong Sterling Pri:••• £5. in Extra Strength, Sterling Silver, Crystal Sil. h Crystal Gl:is, Gil,: l '''• ~., Made in Four Sizes at, one Pric,., .-C.5 ss. :—No. 1.! ...- ' '' Gentlemen & Youths (as illu,;trated ) : ::-;o. 2, Work:mt Ib, EN 301,1. S ENGAGEMENT RINGS, in Half- Men ; No. 3, Railway Men and .N.iiivr:: No. .1. La,li,-.s. 1 ii tan. Marquise, Gipsev and all other designs, In mite'.. cc IS-c. 'Gold Case,. with Cr-.-•. 7,1 Gl.--ss I set with Brilliants. *Rubie,, Emeralds, Pearls, Sap- Gentlemen's size. -212 I2s. Lady's size, £lO 10s. plifres, Opls. Turquois.,.. 3.:,,,, ,S,:c.. or in plain gold. ALL WATCHES AND JEWELLERY sent pr•st tr, :.. :tn.', r.t ins rick, ti.) a:1 parts of the World on re,.eit.t of T.):.tit. Cash. or P. 0.0.. iv-;}-•,,f1,' ~*. ‘..;.1.' 3. . REND FOR BENSON'S BOOK of WA7I7CTIES front :522 2.7. to L.c.;500. CLOCKS, CHAINS, ENGAGEMENT RINGS, BIZOOCTIES. PLATE, ,!...c...5.;,.. S,”-•,t post fre,3 on applicalion to . WATCHMAKER and JEWELLER TO . J. W. BEIiSON, H. 16. THE QUEEN and ROYAL FAMILY. Steam Factory: 62 ez 64, ][4-z32Doo7ie'rm And 28, ROYAL EXHANGE, E.C., and 25, OLD BOND STREET, W. LONDON. i WATCH, &c., CLUBS.—Applications for agencies invited. Easy system, no risk.

.4,00.e%eiN0N0Ni„050Nwi.".".".04%,f,‘,(41 g- Orchard's Cure for Deafness ' 2 • r C SAFE AND HARMLESS. HAS CURED HUNDREDS. -1 NOW I CAN HEAR THE BIRDS SING." li II Sta.—Your "Cure " was worth a Sovereign to me. It- ['could not hear the Church Bells ring, now I hear the 'Birds sing, & return thanks. G.T.BIRNARD, Marlborough. 1' c 1/10. per bottle, Free by Post for 15 Stamps, from ; II 0 EDWIN J. ORCHARD, CHEMIST, SALISBURY. , Piou040NOSONONION""01110104hOwnia-1,

LADIES lIIDISPENSIIBLE TO LADIES! Particulari! thm. who desire a quick Issfe and Ireliableremedyfor all obstructions and irregu• iaritioa, & medicine which cures (usually in a few hours) cases vrbichbaye baffled the skill of the best medical men. No isdy need despair as the moat obstinate &hopeless oases have been immediately relieved by this remedy. Mrs. Wilson, of Honor Oak Park, Forest OM, says: Your invaluable remedy took immediate effect; in less than 12 hours I was an right, after 18 weeks or misery and hopeless. 11606." A properly_eertified guarantee is enclosed with all testi- monials and roadie/De. One package at 4s. 65. is usually sneisient for any mac Ladies send at once fully directed en- velope foryartioulare and proofs. I will forfeit 610801 or every testimonial that is net genuine. Thousands of testimonials hay. been received. Established over 100 years. Do not be raisled by showy advertisements and other so-called remedies which are utterly worthless. Write privately, at once, to— BILIILID/ILAK IP Ft AI PI, 1111DicAL INSTITUTE. HACKNEY ROAD (OPposito Shored:itch Church). London, ILL

POLISHING—A PLEASURE! WILL NOT .! STEPHENSON's FINGER .44e:'• NARK. 4,-; FURNITURE _ c.: CREAM• ;•:..,...p,,, t ~._... 4.,... .. ~ ~.,....2,..„.„...,. ~:„.,4,,.... .........,,.,.„_„..:„..., ~,,,_,ts.,. .r.,,,...„.. ...................„...„,,...„,,-.._ . ..- :-.7,---'k---;. ..._,„ : - • :•:::.:.• 1-.- - ;--fr----644.--, .. -...,--_ :::::•:.• ,„ • ' ~_ ..,.—g, :-,. —,-1-f;----., ::,..;./ • ... ~..- -,-r.„, --&--- I_,=,-- - -7_,T. - ___,---f--„.,,,,-(.4 i- - -, -.--_,_-_-- ..-_-__l,-_-,------- • - -_---,---.. .. i —11 M .',.....7:' Sold by Chemists, Grocers, and li•o» mongers. Sole Proprietors, STEPHENSON BROS., BRADFORD

WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEA.LTH OF WARRINGTON. 1." During last week, which was the 34th, of the current year, the following births and deaths were registered : Births. Deaths. Warrington 25 18 Latchford Total 27 20 The excess of deaths over births was 7. The death rate from all causes was equal to 17.7 per I,ooo,against 24.1 the average of the previous four weeks, and against 28.2 the corresponding week of last year. The death rate from the seven chief zyinotic diseases was equal to 5•3 per 1,000,. against 60 the average rate of the four previous weeks,and against 10.0 the corresponding week of 1895. The ages of mortality were- - 1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 up. 5 3 3 2 5 2-20 20 The deaths included-1 from enteric fever, 5 from diarrheea, 2 from phthisis, 4 from heart-disease, 2 from ung disease, 2 from injuries. The foil Jiving cases of infectious disease have been reported during the week :—enteric- fever 1 case. Total number of patients in hospital on August 22.-12 JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

PAINSTAKING PRINTERS are now-a-days sought for by business men who study /eat economy In ennouncernents which they wish the public to • notice ; as well as by Friendly Societies, Trade Unions. Trading Associations, and Companies in the careful production of Reports Balance Sheets, &c.; and by Musical Unions' Pasiort, and Choir Con- ductors for n atiy and tastofully arranged P ROGRAM MRS, BOOK./ OF WORDS WINDOW BILLS, PLACARDS, &c. THE " EXAMINER " WORKS, BEWSEY-STREET. PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. PROGRAMMES FOR BALLS. PROGRAMMES FOR CONVERSAZIONES PROGRAMMES FOR SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, &c. JOHN WALKER & CO., TIE " EXAMINER " STEAM PRINTING WORKS BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

LLO WAY'S **,. • PILLS AN* *INTMENT Will Cure BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, eco. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUT& BRUISES, SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, ecc. Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON.

• cf4,,,C cv - STOWEWS LIME-JUICE Supplied to the ..oyal Household. • - No Musty Flavour. Ask your Grocer for Free Sample To be obtained from LEWIS & Co., Grocers, Widnes.

\ . ; •. . - . , . !, , • , - ,lii, ' • • - . jet i V., . •-.. . \ .., .... • • tliAl h A / i ; -... , -: : • • , : . 2 . ; .. ,‘ 1 `',' \:", \• 4 f, / / / / ••• . j. • • , • •-••• ,- t•-• AN \ 0 ij,.,// /./ // it w‘11„ ..! .1 fi h,„i .. 'LIU • ..,. \ , /...::•:' - ~,,,,...-• .Ai 7...T`•'—'l• ...--:-----1 -, -• ~., __... _ _.. , - - - - -,.• - ---A.,- , -40- . . ..• t,„--...1,,..••••-1, .:.,. .... ~ All good housewives pride themselves 013 being able to make nice sweet Broad, appetising- Tea Cakes, &c. Anyone can do it by using our celebrated " D.C.L." Yeast. If you do not know how to use it, write to us for Booklet of Instructions. 7 , L Sole Manufacturers: THE DISTILLERS Co., Ltd., EDINBURGH. 4t.„ .11•••••

PURE IRISH LINEN,. IRISIT CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS POCKET Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 316. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 111- per dozen. IRISH LINEN COLLARS. Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars4lll per dose".; made special to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9,4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. ELSE NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER rAPKUNIS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 41d. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SUMMER AND 5 EVENING WEAR. IRISH TWEED, all Pureiool. Unsurpassed for Strength, Durability .111 d Style. ; Please say f for Ladies' or Gents' Wear. PATTERNS FREE EY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20,1- CARRIAGE PAID. HUTTON 4Sc CO., LARNE, IRELAND.

These tiny CAPSULES are superior to Balsam of Co- Cubebs or Injections, SNN tged sca mu read iisn ea 188 whicithuoruat inconvenience. 4/6 of all Chemists. 471 DI Or post free, WILCOX a CO., 83, Mortimer Street, Great Portland Street, LONDON, W.

i is war Cl LdiAseßhaßrgEeSs'frßom4tlhePlTlLriLn ()arywain, irl TOR I A L JAN OFOR T E Turioß NET 250 PAGES ONrEantßedOtoX cuOrßle al in either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and A. .4,„ The Pictorial Tuto (Poi! Music Size In the, back. Gaaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Bo). sent• Post Prospectus The most re- mi POST Contains yo Inustrations 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Venders .I. beln; published at Nettt Free on application garkable & cheap- and over 250 Songs throughout the Woald; or sent to any address for sixty stamp. Price, it cannot Pe obtain, dof to "Magazine of Music," Office, est boot aver published. Dances Carols An the t ent bythe Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG any book or musicsellci limier 58 20; Ludgate Hill, London, B.C. The Pisoeforte simplified. FREE ' COMPANY Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; IBANCLAY & BONO and Hymn Tunes. London, and all the Wholesale Houses.

GOVERNMENT ARMS, ACCOUTRE- MENTS, CLOTHINC, STORES, &C. Government Clothing :—Great Coats, 7/6; Scarlet Tunics, s/8; jackets, i/i • Grey Capes, tiro; Glengarries, id.; Waterproof Hoods and Capes, sod. Police Clothing :—Great Coats, 5/6; Trousers, 1/9; Leggings, 2/-; Lanterns, 9d. ; &c. Arms as actually used by the French during the Franco-Prussian War :—Chasse- pot breech-loading Rifles, 8/- each; Swords, with brass handles and steel scabbards, x/-; Lances, 4/.; Navy Boarding Pikes, 2/7; &c. British Government Camp Equipment: —Army bell Tents, 40-ft. in circumference, with pole, pegs, peg mallet, and t-in. lines, in bag complete, ready for use, :7/6 each; Brown Army Blankets, 7-ft. by 5-ft. 8-in., i/6; Waterproof Sheets, 3-ft. by 6 ft., 1/6; Mess Tins, 3d.; &c. British Government Harness: Heavy Cart Harness, Lx xss. 6d.; Gear Harness, Zs xi.; Trooper's Riding Saddles, complete, 12/6 each; Bridles, 2/3; Head Collars, x/9; Leather Surcingles, 1/3; Nose Bags, ventilated, complete with buckle and strap, 3d. ; &c. New Harness :—Full-size Gig, complete, £3 xss.; Demr Hogskin, Riding Saddles, complete Li :;s.; &c. Curtains, Carpets, &c.:—White Lace Curtains, 3-yds. long, 50-ins. wide, 2/4 per pair; Carpets, 2-yds. by 3-yds., 3s. each; Rugs to match, Bd.; &c. • Illustrated Price Listfree on ahslication t :1 JARDINE, NcrEtlnglvarra.

HIGH-CLASS TAILORING. THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 & 1.0 HORSEMARKET STREET WARRINGTON. HAVE NOW READ! for the inspection of their mumerous Custcmers, a larger collection than ever of NEW SPRING GOODS. NOTWITHSTANDING THE GREAT ADVANCE IN kR CE OF WOOL (FULLY 10 PER CENT.) THE M.C.D. HAVE BERN ABLE TO PLACE LARGE CONTRACT ORDERS AT OLD PRICES. This advantage being offered to all purchasers, A SAVING OF 10 PER CENT. May be effected by entrusting orders for CLOTHING, EARLY with the M.C.D. THE M.O.D. will forward, on receipt of Post Card, their LATEST PATTERN BOOK, CONTAINING OVER 400 NEW SAMPLES FOR SPRING AND SUMMER. ONE OF THEIR ASSISTANTS WILL ALSO ATTEND FOR THE PURPOSE OF MEASURING AND TO TAKE ORDERS FOR ANY CLASS OF GARMENT REQUIRED. BEWARE OF DECEPTIVE IMITATIONS. N.B.—Repairs promptly done at both our Establishments- for the trade aslwell as others. At tl'e following prices, td '

1-+ CZ ALL CLOTHES ARE THOROUGHLY SHRUINK GARMENTS WELL MADE AND TRIMMED. PERFECT FIT GUARANTEED. AND THE EXTRAORDINARY VALUE, GOODS MADE TO ORDER CANNOT BE EQUALLED IN MANCHESTER OR LIVERPOOL. ONLY THE BEST CUTTERS AND WORKMEN EMPLOYED. THE M.C,D. CORDIALLY INVITE AN INSPECTION OF ALL THEIR DEPARTMENTS. TTORSENIARKET STREET, 8 & 10, WARRINGTON.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Bach patient informed beforehand the cost for work required TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH.. An M.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the aid of Nitrous Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly. Exors. of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TV ESDAYS, at Mrs. MBES WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-ST RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-BT. NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMARKST-ST.

MARRIAGE. VICKERS—HOTARD—August 31, at the Parish Church. War' rington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, James Vickers to Hanoi Howard DEATHS. BLAREmoßz—August 29th, at Thewlis-street, Warrington' Ellen Blakemore, aged 37 years. APPLETON—August 29th. at Bridge-street, Warrington, Joseph Appleton. aged 3 months. BERRY—August 30th, at Stockton Heath, Warrington, Taineg Berry, aged 45 years. JACKSON—August 31st., at Tilley-street, Warrington, George Jackson, aged 3 months. ROLLING WORTH —August 31st., at Lord Nelson-street, War rirtgton, Ralph Hollingworth. agad 3 months. LEWlS—September lit., at Kent-street, Warrington, Mita Alice Lewis, aged 18 months. Muurrty —September 3rd, at Bank-street, Warrington. 315r1 Murphy, aged 44 years. TRAVERS—September 3rd. at Wellington-street, Warrington' Annie Travers, aged 51 years.
