===== 0002601_18960125_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIALITIES: ENVELOPE FROM 2s. PER 1,000. T E NEW ittE4ULATION POST OARD. wirn PUNTED HEADING, FROM 3/9 PER 1,000. TILE LA:AMINE'? SERIES

(Jr ANCASIIIRE 24 CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPER

===== 0002601_18960125_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
as sent stock. eaths, °wars. tg and

qt Co. street. L-road. 3t, 51.700.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTABLISHED 1849. CAPiTAL £1,000.000. - COMPENSATION PAID £3.600,000, 64, CORNHILL LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary.

AGENT.:, Warrington Mr. W. H. It IG BY, Central Station St. Helens Mr, J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Knutsford Sandbaeh Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER Mr. R. FINLOW,Rookery Bridge

===== 0002601_18960125_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
G

EDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE

, The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 5d., 10d., and is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEODES AND SON, WARRING-TON

CANADA.-FREE GRANTS of 160 ACRES OF LAND in MANITOBA and the NORTH WRST. Enormous Crops in 1895. Reports of British Farmers arid other new illustrated pamphlets containing information respecting the NORTH-WEST TERRITORIES and the Provinces of MANITOBA, ONTARIO, QUEBEC, Novi SCOTIA, NEW BRUNSWICK, PRINCE EDWARD ISLAND, BRITISH COLUMBIA, *here land can be obtained either free or on advantageous terms. Exceptional opportunities for farmers. Great demand for agricultural labourers and dr.mestie'servints. Full particulars on all points supplied gratis and post free by Mr. JOHN DYKE. CANADIAN GOVERNMENT AGENT, 15, WATER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUTH LANCASHIRE LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT CONPANY, LIMITED. Head Office: 168, ISLIN .'JON, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable 6s. Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2s. 3d. 20s. 2 I „ £3 Ls. Od. £lOO, „ 40s. „ £5 153. Od. ALEX. 6ORDON, Manager.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTE OUR ONLY ADDRESS THE NOTED HOUSE FURNISHERS, (A. k_TOLDSTON AND SONS', (1 115, 117, 119, OXFORD-STREET, Immediaely Oi.pollie All ;iaiats' Church, MAN. II STER. Old Tr“rford, Brooks' BarValatine-road, and Oxford-street,, Trams pass, the door, Fare id. from Market-street.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
MADE-UP DISHES

hich are a most important the week's menu of household, are made

t piquant and tasty by the addition of

VRIL,

'hieh is the

guaranteed Toduct of

OX BEEF nd which

imparts the 'ull flavour of

Fresh Meat to even the

most tasteles dish.

W s.t.- ..,;-.-t•N-7, ‹...;'"i1i•7•.--1 co .• .." . .. , , 1 \ - ,)----:_i...;,,zi;,,''',;', , , I, ' ,-..ii.- , V.::;_`....., j ...„, • W. .- • , ...L;e'l'....-"' ' i -----','! ',..... 4 C 1 . , ~ .4. ....\.,s:„ pRI igt -. V 4Pilll '7."--4 '• • / / ! , i i I • •': ' l'' ....A.C.:- . .. / I," b . , yi :.1,: ,r...-;_,Z1,'!,1",,, . • .:.. , . I. / 1: 'lO i' ' V 417- )7' -1 - ' . '''' :if I ' a, l'i ,', j 1;1 ''.. = .-- -. . - ' 1 ll' ,il. , i -<-1' f 1 I' 'ill li 1:1 1! k,'l, 71-.----7-.: -.77----''.,11-7 1 1 111, ~ .1 i I, t,- - ll' .4 'lt) •

===== 0002601_18960125_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
PT,F,ASANT PARAGRAPHS.

PBEVIOUS.—Lawyer : "You will get your third out of the estate, madam." Widow: Oh, Mr. Bluebags ! How can you say such a thing, with my second hardly cold in his grave ? " AN ANCIENT HOCSE.—Dashaway : "I had no idea that your family was such an old one." Travers (proudly) : "I should say it was. Why, old man, we have some bills dating back four generations ! " A CULINARY GRADUATE.—Grandma "And your mamma cooks nice things for dinner herself, does she? Aud does papa say grace when he sits down at table?" Tommy: "Well, he says Gracious ! ' " _ _ _

THE GUEST CHAMBER. -" So this beautifully- furnished room is your guest chamber ? " remarked Mr. Heights, admiringly. "Yes," responded Mr. Isolite, of Lonesomehurst ; "that is where our servant-girl sleeps, when we have one." Mistress: "Bridget, how many policemen did you have in the kitchen last night ? " Bridget (modestly) : " Only foive, mum." Mistress: "Couldn't you induce one of them to stay all night? You know I am afraid of burglars." Bridget (brightening) : " Rist aisy, mum; three av 'em shlapes here regular."

===== 0002601_18960125_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FAMILY MAN.

He drives the nail in silence grim, But he is far from dumb. You know it by the sound from him Each time he hits his thumb. LIKELY TO REMEMIIER.—Proud Mother "You beffen't ki.Fsed the baby." Bachelor Uncle: "Um try to reniembe. next time. "I'll kiss her when I—er—come back from Europe." "When will that be ?" "Let—me—see. About sixteen years." A DRAMATIC TRIUMPH AT LAST. Lobby- lounger : " How was the play last night ? " Firstriter : "Wonderful ! Most artistic and dra- matic production seen for years. Held the audience spellbound from first to last. Why, sir, in some of the thrilling situations there were times when not a sound could be heard but the hard breathing of Othello, the suppressed sobs of Desde- inona, and the conversation in the boxes." "I AM very much better this morning," said MTS. M'Bride. "I feel like a new woman." "I hope you won't dress like one," replied her has- band, fervently. A GENTLE SARCASM.—A Connecticut man onoe called at a farmhouse, and was asked by the farmer to take a glass of eider which he had made from his own apples. After drinking the cider, the man didn't exactly smack his lips, but turning to the farmer, said: "Pity you hadn't another apple." "Why?" asked the farmer. "Oh, you could have made another barrel of it!" was the answer. ON THE WRONG TACK.—The villain gnashed his gleaming teeth with a grating sound. Ha, ha! my proud beauty," he hissed, "I will yet bring you to the dust !" The proud beauty smiled a wan little smile. " Never, ' she twittered. " You are on the wrong tack. The man to win me must bang the dust to me." EASILY ANSWERED. —" Why," shouted the impass;oned orator, "why is it that the wives of ore farmers lack the happy, contented look to be found on the face of the bareheaded peasant- woman of the Continent ? " "Because," said the man near the door, "because the bareheaded peasant-woman does not have to worry all the time ; about her hat being on straight." NOT HER SPHERE.—Mrs. Cobwigger : "I don't see why I shouldn't be considered in regard to the new house we move into." Cobwigger : "Why, my dear, I don't see what difference it can make to you. Since you have joined all the women's clubs you are never at home." EVIDENCE.—Miss Summit: "Mr. Ja,gway called on me last night, and I think he had been drink- ing." Miss Pallisade : "He told me this morning that you looked beautiful." HOME TRAINING.—" Are you married" said the manager to a man who was looking for a situation. "No, sir." "Then I can't employ you. I have a place into which I could put you, but we engage only married men." "May I ask the reason of this discrimination? Is it that families may be provided with support ! " "Not at all. It is because we find that married men know better how to obey than bachelors." Miss Getthere (enthusiastic worker at chutch bazaar) : "Now, Mr. Slimpurse, you really must take a chance in this beautiful pipe; you really must. Just think, the pipe is worth twenty shil- lings, and the chances are only one shilling each. Mr. Slimpurse (edging off) : "Very sorry, miss, but I don't smoke." Miss Getthere: "Oh, but you can learn, you know." Mr. Slimpurse : "Tobacco does not agree with me. I would have no earthly use for a pipe." Miss Getthere (struck with a bright idea) : "Well, there isn't the slightest probability of your drawing it, you know." "THERE was quite a fight in front of our place to-day," said a business man at the supper table. "Two men got into a row, one struck the other, and then the crowd gathered. The man who was struck ran and grrtbbed an ugly-looking stick, and rushed back, his eyes blazing. I thought sure he'd knock the other man's brains out, and I stepped right in between them." The young heir had given over eating his tart as the narrative pro- ceeded, and his eyes leaned right out of his head. He was proud of his father's valour and he cried— "He couldn't knock any brains out of you, could he, father ? " The father looked long and curiously at his son and heir, but the lad's countenance was frank and innocent and open. When it closed with the tart on the inside the father gasped slightly and resumed his supper.

Too GOOD A FELLOW.—Years ago there was a very queer old clergyman in the diocese of Canter- bury, of whom a hundred anecdotes are told. On his going one (lay to order a wig, the barber, young in business, readily accepted the order, and then ventured to ask his guest to dine. The invitation was accepted, and a bowl of punch followed, to which the divine did full justice. After it was over, the barber was beginning to measure, but his customer shook his head. "No, no," he said, "you sha'n't make the wig." "Why not?" exclaimed the astonished host. "Have I done anything to offend you?" "Quite the contrary; you're such a good fellow that I haven't got the heart to take you in. I'll go to somebody else. You know, if you'd made the wig, you'd never have been paid for it !" WANTED A GRAPHIC ACCOUNT.—A short time ago the assistant at a railway bookstall in a large city was surprised by a gentleman who rushed on to the platform and breathlessly asked for the paper with the most graphic account of the China and Japan war. The assistant, noticing the excited and nervous condition of his customer, immediately complied with his request to the best of his ability. The stranger, sharply turning over the leaves of his purchase, gasped— "Ah ! I've got it at last." The man of specials," wishing to know the cause of his trouble, asked— "Have you any friendss or relations engaged in the war?" "Oh, no ! " said the stranger. " I'm a grocer; I'm in search of a name for our new blend of tea at one-and-aiY-"

---- - F_ up-ru Et 14:5.—1? EY NOLD ' Patent imperceptible _II Ind',,rubber St, na PAtl TRll7;ti. Suitable in all eases. Perfect Fit linsurel.. Write or cAll for uarticulars.— REYNOLDS, 10, Stiiter-t,e,-t• (a f‘r (kr) rs i.ff liold-Areet), Liverpool. Open on t,turday unt:l 7 1,.m. —Advt.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
" CAPITAL " CHAT.

I have reason to believe that before the Arch- bishop of Canterbury requested the Prime Minister to appoint a Parliamentary Committee to inquire into the question of Licensing Reform, be satisfied himself that the request would be complied with. In that case the interest of the public will centre in the constitution of the committee. It is antici- pated that representative men of all shades of opinion will be invited to join it, though how in the world Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. COSMO Bonsor, Mr. J. S. Talbot, and Mr. M'Ewan are going to agree upon a report one cannot imagine. A great deal will depend upon the choice of chairman. The Government, however, will be duly grateful to the Primate for getting rid of the question for at least the whole of the session.

It is not often the Local Government Board has to deal with cases of cholera in England,but it had this experience on Saturday, when official report was made that a steamship, the Garlands, had put into Holyhead harbour with several cases of cholera on board. Two ot the seamen had died on the way from the Black Sea and Constantinople. Dr. Thorne instantly sent Dr. Theodore Thomson, one of his medical inspectors, to Holyhead, and after proper care in disinfectants.the Garlands was allowed to proceed to Barrow-in-Furness,where she will be closely watched by the local medical offi- cers and the people of that port. She had 14 cases of cholera coming from the Black Sea.

The announcement that the Government did not intend to deal with the question of secondary education this session receives fresh importance from the circumstance that the Education Depart- ment has now completed its plan for the delimita- tion of the spheres of elementary and secondary instruction. This plan has been forwarded to the Cabinet for consideration; but so very thorny a subject will not be taken up so long as foreign pro- blems continue to crowd upon us. It may be stated, however, that the plan will have a very deep-reaching and serious effect upon all the higher grade board schools throughout the country. The board and voluntary schools will be practically re- duced to purely elementary functions, so as to prevent the elementary from overlapping the se- condary system. But the details have not leaked out. There is every ground for thinking,however, that board schools as now understood in large centres of population, where they are doing a large portion of the work of a secondary system, have a period of strain and trouble before them.

Mr. T. H. Bolton, who made so very striking a political somersault from Liberalism into Liberal Unionism during the last Parliament, is not being allowed to enter upon the reward of his conver- sion to Unienism without criticism,any more than Mr. Austin has been allowed to receive the wreath of the Poet Laureate in peace. As the latter ap- pointment was regarded by the Radicals,and a great many Tories as well, as a pure party appointment, so Mr. Bolton's appointment as Taxing Master is denounced in Radical circles as a political job. If Mr. Bolton bad gone over to Unionism at the time of the great split along with so many other solici- tors, it is quite probable that he would not have re- ceived the office now conferred upon him ; but neither would there have been the bitter abuse and contumely which have been showered upon him over since be began to waver in his allegiance to Mr. Gladstone. It must be said for him that his change of front was a matter of conscientious con- vi3tion, and without any hope of a future reward. He is a solicitor in large practice, a man of strict integrity and high honour: and it is not customary for any political party to give its loaves and fishes to its opponents.

Mr. Chamberlain's Tory evolution is proceeding apace. On the Friday before the opening of Par- liament he is to be the guest of the Constitutional Club, the Conservative rival of the National Liberal. It has even been suggested that he should be made an honorary member of the club, and stranger things have happened. This will not be the first function connected with Conservative clubs in which he has taken part in different districts ot the country, but he has not hitherto been associated with any demonstration of the kind in London. The hospitality extended to him in this instance, and its acceptance by him, will help to bridge the gulf be- tween the two wings of the Ministerialists, and what is ostentatiously done in the very centre of the metropolis by the leading lights of Unionism may be imitated in the provinces by the smaller luminaries. The precedent at least is expected to be followed by local politicians. such a compli- mentary dinner has long been spoken of. It was partly arranged for even before the defeat of the late Government, but that event gave a new turn both to the thoughts and interests of Tories and Liberal Unionists alike, and the proposal fell through until lately, when it has been again revived.

The electoral situation at Southampton is very curious and complicated. Mr. Candy, Q.C., was selected to fight thili Tory battle, and he is still only a provisional candidate, and prepared to make way for Mr. Tankerville Chamberlayne should that gentleman be declared eligible. It is satisfactory to learn that there is a probability of the Liberal and Labour parties arriving at an agreement. The basis of the suggested compromise is that the Labour party refrain from opposing Sir F. Evans should he be selected as the Liberal candidate, and, on the other hand,that no second Liberal should be run at the next general election against the Labour nominee. If this arrangement is carried out, the local Liberals profess themselves confident of carry- ing the seat, as very mans of the 800 odd who sup- ported Mr. J. R. Macdonald, the Independent can- didate, in July last, are disaffected Radicals, who will give no countenance to Mr. Gibson, who is standing in the interest of the Social Democratic Federation.

The allegations sent from Bloemfontein that the Orange Free State delegates to Pretoria had access to documents definitely revealing the fact that Jameson's raid was part of a carefully organised conspiracy against Dutch rule in South Africa are highly sensational, and are received with credulous belief by the many who are ready to believe every evil of the Chartered Company. But notwithstand- ing the apparent definiteness of the statements, it must be remarked that there is opportunity of sub- mitting the documents in questbn to the examina- tions of impartial experts. the public is bound to keep an open mind, free from temptations to pre- judgment, remembering that nothing whatever is at present known as to the value of the alleged evi- dence.• It is a safe rule to receive with many reservations everything bearing the marks of Boer inspiration, and that is especially the case in this instance, since the plot, as described, altogether conflicts with the policy Mr. Cecil Rhodes has long been pursuing.

The more one learns about Lord Salisbury's new Convention with France in regard to Siam,the more surprising and inexplicable it seems. I have men- tioned more than once the corresponding question with China as to the conduct of the latter in ceding to France two districts of Kiang Hung which she I was under an engagement to Great Britain to cede to no foreign Power, I have also stated in detail the demands which Lord Salisbury made on Chita in consequence of this breach of faith. Now it might be thought that, as we had given up the east side of the Mekong to France and a very large part of Siam to boot, it mattered little to us now that China had given up two important districts, and that we might well drop this claim on beaten and helpless China when we had dropped so much in favour of France that we need not have done. But lam in- formed that this is not the case, and that our claim on China is to be pressed forward energetically,and, if need be, enforced by armed occupation of the ter- ritories we demand. If this be the case, it would seem that our diplomacy is wonderfully strong and inflexible in the East only when we are dealing with the helpless, and very much the o'her way when the powerful are opposed to US. Nothing on the east of the Mekong now matters to us, and yet we are persisting in enforcing a very severe and humiliating punishment on the Chinese for some- thing which they did there—ft thing, indeed, which was quite indefensible, but which after our collapse iu Siam has done us no injury and does not affect 118 in the least.

One other demand which Lord Salisbury has made on China is less open to crit,cism. This is that the West River, which rises in Yunnan and enters the sea at Canton, after flowing almost parallel to the Tonquin border, shall be opened to foreign trade and navigation, with two ports on it. This is a very important matter for British trade in Southern China, as very many of our Chambers of Commerce have long perceived. I am glad to be able to say that no difficulty is anticipated in the way of obtaining this commercial boon.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
THE 1-AAMINER, SATURDAY JANUARY 25. 1896

Brocades of silk, enriched by gold and silver were made in China 8.C., 1721. It is stated that nearly 1,000,000 pounds of fur for hatters' purposes are produced in the United States. It is said that one of Lord Salisbury's daughters may be seen cycling, in all weathers, in the vicinity of Hat- field. _ _ _

The wood of the lime tree is used for the sounding boards of pianofortes, as it does not warp under change of temperature or atmosphere. Queen Margherita of Italy is about to make her first appearance as an author, by the publication of her experiences as an Alpine climber. Over two million bottles' of the value of seven thou- sand pounds, are recovered each year from the dust yards in London' and returned to their owners. It is estimated that in the metropolitan area some four hundred and eighty tons of sulphur are emitted daily into the atmosphere from seven hundred thousand dwelling-houses. No wonder the fogs are what they are. Since the death of her son, the Prince Impelial„ the ex-Empress Euganie has never worn coloured dresses. When at home she prefers black cashmere to all other dress fabrics, but when travelling she wears the hand- somest of black velvets, satins and silks. Among the Germans the badge of married women con- sists of a little cap or hood, of which they are very proud, and" donning the cap " is a feature of the wed- ding day among the peasants of certain localities. The married women of Little Russia ae always seen, even in the hottest weather, with a thick cloth of dark hue twisted about their head. The unoccupied class at the last Census numbered as fellows :—Retired from business (not Army. Navy, Church, or Medicine),l92,94l males and 68,496 females; pensioners, 20.988 males and 2,799 females; living on own means, 97,466 males and 409,097 females. Others over ten years of age, 1,397,318 males and 6,965,268 females of whom 5,217,700 were over twenty years of age. According to a correspondent of the "Times," the GErman Emperor, in habits, tastes, and sympathies. is more like an Englishman than like a German. Another blow to our national self-esteem. One reason put forth for the exasperating conduct of the Kaiser in the Trans- vaal crisis is very quaint. It is that the Queen of Holland has to be married when she is sixteen,in August this year. Her Majesty is a most eligible match, and it is well known that the German Emperor would gladly secure her band for a member of his house. But the Dutch hate the idea ef a German Prince Consort for their Queen. They have looked towards Denmark; but the engagement of Prince Charles to the Princess Maud of Wales has put out of the question the most desirable engagement that the Queen could have entered into. Now, while the Dutch hate the Germans, they love the Boers, who are of their own blood. Hence it is thought that the German Emperor may have sent his message of congratulation to the Boes ani the insult to England in the hope of currying favour with the Dutch people,so as to pave the way for an alliance with a Prussian Prince, probably a son of Prince Albert of Prussia, who is Prince- Regent of Brunswick.

To Clean a Sewing Machine. If your sewing machine needs cleaning, oil all the bearings with kerosene, used freely. Run your machine fast for a few minutes unthreaded, then wipe off clean; oil with machine oil, and you will be surprised to see how easily it will run and how clean it will look.

Ahead of all Women. Danish women are ahead of any other women on the face of the globe in one particular. They have just an- nounced the opening of a woman's theatre for theLcom- ing winter. The plays are to be written by women dramatists ; every character—yes ! the male characters to be acted by women : orchestra, soloists, chorus, con- ductor, exclusively feminine. Margaret Thorson, the authoress, has completed a play for the theatre, and Frau Enarna Gad prepared a ballet. All this sounds well, so far. So far, but no further perhaps.

Buttered Eggs. Boil six eggs for one half -hour, thea let them stand in cold water for a few minutes. Take shells off and cut each in half. Take out the yolks. Be careful not to break the white. Cut a tiny piece off the round of each half so thatlit will stand up like a cup. Mix the yolk to a smooth paste, with a teaspoonful of dry mustard, one half teaspoonful of salt and one and a half tablespoonful of vinegar. Fill the twelve white pieces with the mix- ture. _

A Doctor Queen. Queen Amelia of Portugal took up the study of medi- cine on account of the ill-health of her royal consort. The king is suffering from a formation of fat around the heart, and, as the complaint increased, lthought the King took plenty of exercise, and as the doctors did not seem to agree upon the treatment, the Queen made up her mind to study the case herself. She has now passed a regular sort of examination before a medical board, and thus duly qualified. She has taken over the treat- ment of the King, who has the fullest confidence in her ability, and who is already deriving benefit by following her orders.

Everybody's Girl—A Man's Description. Said a man lately discoursing to me on girls: "There Is a type of girl that everybody likes. Nobody can tell exactly whys but after you have met her you turn away to some other woman and you say, Don't you like Miss So-and-So?' The reason you like her is a subtle one; without knowing all about her, you feel just the sort of girl she is. She is the girl who is not too bright and good' to be able to find joy and pleasure all over the world. She is the girl who appreciates the fact that she cannot always have the first choice of everything in the world. She is the girl who is not aggressive, and does not find delight in inciting aggressive people. She is the girl who has tact enough not to say the very thing that will cause the skeleton in her friend's closet to rattle his hones. She is the girl who, whether it is warm or cold, clear or stormy, finds mo fault with the weather. When you invite her anywhere she compliments you by looking her best. And when I come to think of it, I might sum up by saying she is the girl who makes you feel she likes you, and therefore you like her.

Some Terrible Facts and figures on the death rate of children are given in "London." To experts and officials the truth is known, but to the mind of the general public the truth of the fearful waste of child life, the wholesale destruction of the future generation, has never come home. In London alone the yearly total of children who die under one year of age is 22,000. Most of these deaths occur in poor dis- tricts, where the children are—probably have to be— neglected by their parents, or are insufficiently or impro- perly fed. The highest infant mortality is in the Strand. Hol born ,St. George's-i n-the-East(Sou th w ark) ,Lirn ehouse, and Clerkenwell, where one out of every five children born dies before it is twelve months old. In Bromley, i out of every 1,000 deaths, 461 are those of children under one year. In Poplar the number of such deaths is 465. In St. George-the-Martyr nearly half the deaths are of children under five years of age. In Limehouse the total deaths last year were 1.396, and of these 616 were children under five years of age. In St. George's- in-the-E tat the total deaths were 951, and, of these, children numbered 472. Diseases produced by living in crowded and insanitary surroundings, want of cleanli- ness, improper food (especially the eating of unripe fruit, tainted meat, and stale vegetables), are the chief causes of this.

THANKFUL THOUSA.NDS All over the world testify to the peculiar curative powers ot flood's Sarsaparilla. Its remarkable suc- cess is one of the wonders of the day. Everywhere you go you will find someone who has been benefited by this great medicine. It is the household word in many communities, and in hundreds of homes it is

===== 0002601_18960125_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES LETTER.

MT DEAREST NELLIE,

I dare not prophesy whether we are going to have skating. I half fear we are not, but at any rate there is no harm in being prepared, is there There is no sport more graceful for a girl, as a man remarked to me the other day, than skating, but however well a girl may skate she will not look graceful if she has not a stylish jacket and gown. So take my hint and go in for some such costume as this: Gown of tan colour trimmed with white fox, with a touch of dark velvet at the waist, and the vest trimmed with lines of white braid; toque of velvet, with an osprey set at one side, and the buttons at the hem of the skirt revealing an under. petticoat of white cloth. Then, for a coat, you might very well have one of those velvet ones. There is nothing handsomer, I think, than black velour du Nord. You know the shape of the sleeves if you have read my previous letters care- fully, but I may tell you the collar should be of fine chinchilla fur. It might have a turn-down velvet collar, you know, and big sterling silver buttons, but I don't think this looks so well as the chinchilla.

A deep turn-down collar of ermine, again, adds much to the appearance of a petunia or gendarme blue cloth cape, and the same snowy fur may also be used to trim fancy velvet muffs, or, if one wishes to be quite in the van of fashion, to line a large skunk, seal or sable one. Oddments of fur of all kinds can be made use of this season, and those who have pieces of any kind lying by them might, by the aid of judicious investments at the sales now proceeding, concoct various modish gar- ments at a very small cost. A smart cape for early spring wear could be of brown ribbed serge made in two tiers, the lower one bordered with a very narrow band of brown fur—musquash, mink, seal or sable—of which there should be revers carried down in narrow points to the edge of the cape in front. Add a high collar of serge turned over at the top with fur, and line the cape first with flannel, then with tailor canvas, and finally with cheap silk or brocade, and you will have a pretty wrap to wear well into the spring. There is as much choice as ever in regard to evening dresses, and I have seen some nice ones since I wrote you last. One, which I know would have pleased you, was made of white satin, with the skirt trimmed on the hem with an accordion kilted flounce of white chiffon headed with a ruche of roses; the bodice of this was cut right off the shoulders, with the sleeves made of short puffs headed with roses, the décolletage being bordered with ruches of tulle. Another very pretty dress was made of black and white striped silk lined with pale pink silk, an effect which was sufficiently obvious when its wearer danced, and this boasted a bodice made of white chiffon covered with black net with an appliqué of white lace upon it traced with silver spangles. The sleeves were formed of frills of black-and-white striped satin ribbon and and box-pleated white chiffon, but these were not permitted to reach to the elbow. Very simply again, is a bodice made of silk crêpe gauze plainly gathered and set into a niche across the front, the shoulder straps being formed of folds of the crêpe caught here and there to form little frills, and terminating with pendant bows and ends of pink satin ribbon.

Here is a nice design for an out-door ctress Have it in purple cloth, with waistcoat and hems of caracule, the buttons of cut steel. If your waist is slim you might venture on a narrow black satin band right round the waist fastened in front with a steel button, which would keep the coat in its place better. For the blouse have one of the new printed velveteens; a pine pattern on a pale ground would be nice. The lace should be cream colour, and the buttons might be Parisian dia- monds.

Toques look better than anything for winter wear by young women. A dainty one, in the style of Henri Quatre, as in black velvet trimmed with jet and feathers, and coifs the head without conceal. ing the hair.

Your loving JENNIE.

The Princess of Wales has nsacie a somewhat curious choice from among the many types of tricycles which have lately been submitted for her inspection. A pattern of machine once popular in the old solid tyre days, but long since entirely discarded, was the one which took the Princess's fancy., chiefly because it is so convenient for mounting. 01 course, the machine had to be speci- ally built, a work probably of no Finall difficulty, as the pattern is obsolete. It is a reculiar loo!,ing machine, having a large driving wheel on one side, and on the other two little steering wheels, one at each end of a long bar, which gives it a rather crab-like appearance. The front is quite open for mounting and dismounting, and the steering wheels are moved by a spade handle at the side.

DON'T BE DECEIVED.—Don't think the hair can be pre served without proper nouristunent ; all hair specialists positirely,assert that pure i rease is absolti,ely nePessary for the preservation of the hair and ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OIL is without doubt the best,. It nourishes the hair, pre- vents it falling off or turning grey eradi ates scurf, and arrests baldness. Also in a golden colour for fair hair. Bottles 3s. 6d., 75., 10s. 6d. ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OIL.- ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OIL.- ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OIL.-Prt vents ~curt

•Preserves the hair. 'Prevents haliin.-ss.

- - ROWLAND'S MACASSAR On.—Beautifies the hair. Ask anywhere for ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OIL, Of 20, Hatton Garden and avoid cheap, worthless imitations

. , ' ' ' .. • NfiT ' 4. .... - • j''''';''.. ~... ~x/4,.., ' ', ' • . r "64 ' r.,,;*/,•:477 , lb,. ' • / f *'•''',.:.', .rty, kfr ~/7(, . /4 ti i pc; ,;,,., „),,•=o:\i,',\N\ . g,i.-.' , i i ~./.!," ~' 03,414, it,' ,/, #0,4 $ ~ 4 ,i ,0,,,,i4:5,10,0 s\ , ft (p /1 I„%ifiliti 'l, II i A ....... 46.44 fo„,„ it........„ . ~..,•........... „..x:..... 4 • ' i

.7. . • . .R 4: f • ,i4OP. 4 '''' ..• ..5... , .v., , If' .... /1. - ---- ---- t'•} .\--...' " .• ....i. ~..... ' w„.„0„,,,,,,,-...7 4 . t..., .•%,... . ''''...4-3, A I 't.:::...- . • ~,,.1...., I. 1 0111 ~. •:,. ~... • -e'-' , f',:: ' , .70^..---, -• 4. ‘7:...:.,==="..:4c, Lift • 1,........ \ •••••-•... a• .- • .. ''',....:-. ,

•:A, -S .: ~.......01, bs ..1.• . .„'lllitt. ' - • ~, ~.',,, ~.7..\.. ',-,,` .%IP' , •i, ‘ 11 , .4. ' li 4 17

===== 0002601_18960125_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HIDDEN HAND;

CAPITOLA THE MADCAP, BY MRS. E. D. E. N. SOUTHWORTH.

CHAPTER XXI/.

THE SMUGGLER AND CAPITOLA. " Come buy of me! come buy come buy Buy, lads, or else the lasses cry; I have lawns as white as snow; Silk as black as e'er was crow; Gloves as sweet as damask roses, Veils for faces; musk for noses ;- Pins and needles made of steel ; All you need from head to heel." —SHAKESPEARE. "If I am not allowed to walk or ride out alone I shall 'gang.' I know I shall. Was ever such a dull, lonesome, hum-drum place as this same Hurricane Hall ?" complained Cap, as she sat sewing with Mrs. Condiment in the housekeeper's room.

"You don't like this quiet countly life 2" inquired Mrs. Condiment.

"No; no better than I do a quiet country grave- yard. I don't want to return to dust before my time, I tell you," said Cap, yawning dismally over her work.

"I HEAR YOU, VIXEN!" roared the voice of Old Hurricane, who presently came storming in and saying; "If you want a ride go and get ready quickly and come with me; I am going down to the water- mill, please the Lord, to warn Hopkins off the premises, worthless villain 1 had my grain there since yesterday morning, and hasn't sent it home yet I shan't stay in my mill another month. Come, Cap, be off with you and get ready I" The girl did not need a second bidding, but flew to prepare herself, wt.ile the old man ordered the horses. In ten minutes more Capitola and Major War. field cantered away. They had been gone about two hours, and it was almost time to expect their return, and Mrs. Condi- ment had just given orders for the tea-table to be set, when Wool came into her room and said there was a sailor at the hall-door with some beautiful foreign goods which he wished to show to the ladies of the house.

"A sailor. Wool, a sailor with foreign goods for sale? I am very much afraid he's one of these smugglers I've heard tell of; and I'm not sure about the right of buying from smugglers! However, I suppose there's no harm in looking at his goods. You may call him in, Wool," said the old lady, tam- pering with temptation. "He do look like a smudgeler, dat's a fact," said Wool, whose ideas of the said craft were purely

imaginary. "I don't know him to be a smuggler, and it's wrong to judge, particularly beforehand," said the old lady, nursing ideas of rich silks and satins, Imported free of duty and sold at half price, and trying to deceive herself. While she was thus thinking, the door opened, and Wool ushered in a stout, jolly-looking tar, dressed in a wide pea-jacket, duck trousers and tarpaulin hat, and carrying in his hand a large pack. He took off his hat and scraped his foot behind aim, and remained standing before the house- keeper, and with his head tied up in a red bandanna hankerchief, and his chin sunken in a red comforter that was wound around his throat. "Sit down, my good man, and rest while you show me the goods," said Mrs. Condiment, who, whether he were smuggler or not, was inclined to show the traveller all lawful kindness. The sailor scraped his foot again, sat down on a low chair, put his hat oft one side, drew the pack before him, untied it, and first displayed a rich, golden-hued fabric, saying: "Now here, ma'am, is a rich China silk I bought in the streets of Shanghai, where the long-legged chickens come from; come, now, I'll ship it off cheap—. " Oh that is a great deal too gay and handsome for an old woman like me," said Mrs. Condiment. "Well, ma'am, perhaps there's young ladies in the fleet? Now this would rig out a smart young craft as gay as a clipper I Better take it ma'am. I'll ship it off cheap." "Wool," said Mrs. Condiment, turning to the servant, "go down to the kitchen and call up the house-servants; perhaps they would like to buy something." As soon as Wool had gone, and the good woman was left alone with the sailor, she stooped and said: "I did not wish to inquire before the servantman, but, my good sir, I do not know whether it is right to buy from you." " Why so, ma'am 7" asked the sailor, with an injured look. "Why, I am afraid—l am very mush afraid you risk your life and liberty in an unlawful trade." "Oh, ma'am, on my soul these things are honestly come by, and you have no right to accuse me I" said the sailer, with a look of subdued indig- nation. "I know I haven't, and meant no harm; but did not these goods pass through the custom-house 7" "Oh, ma'am, now, that's not a fair question I" It is as I suspected, I cannot buy from you, my good friend; I do not judge you; I don't know whether smuggling is right or wrong; but I know that it is unlawful, and I cannot feel free to encourage any man in a traffic in which he risks his life and liberty, poor fellow I" "Oh, ma'am," said the sailor, evidently on the brink of bursting into laughter—" if we risk our lives, sure it's our own business, and you've no scruples on your own account you needn't have any on ours 1" While he was speaking the sound of many shuffling feet was heard along the passage, and the room was soon half-filled with coloured people come In to deal with the sailor. "You may look at these goods; but you must not buy anything." "Lori, mtssus, why 7" asked little Pitapat. "Because I want you to lay out all your money With my friend Mr. Crash, at Tip-top." "But after de good gemman has had de trouble 7" said Pitapat. "He shall have his supper and a mug of ale and go on his journey," said Mrs. Condiment. The sailor arose and scraped his foot behind him In acknowledgment of this kindness, and began to unpack his wares and displayed them all over the floor. And while the servants in wonder and delight examined these treasures and inquired thtir prices, a fresh, young voice was heard carolling along the hall, and the next moment Capitola, in her green riding habit and hat, entered the room. She turned her mischievous grey eyes about, pursed up her lips, and asked Mrs. Condiment if she were about to open a fancy bazaar. "No, my dear Miss Capitola It is a sailor with foreign goods for sale," answered the old lady. "A sailor with foreign goods for sale! umph I yes I I know. Isn't he a smuggler ? " whispered Capitola. "Indeed, I'm afraid so, my dear Tn fact he don't deny it 19 whispered back the matron. "Well, / think it's strange a man that smuggles can't lie!" "Well, I don't know, my dear; maybe he thinks it's no harm to smuggle, and he knows it would be a sin to lie. But where is your uncle, Miss Capitola 7" "Gone around to the stable to blow Jem up for mounting him on a lame horse; he swears Jem shall find another master before to-morrow's sun. But now I want to talk to that bold buccan,:er. Say you, sir! Show we your foreign goods; I'm very fond of smugglers myself!" "You are right, my dear young lady! You would give poor sailors some little chance to turn an honest penny." " Certainly! brave fellows! Show me that splendid fabric Mit shines like cloth of gold." "This, my young lady, is a real, genuine China silk; I bought it myself in my last cruise in the streets of Shanghai, where the long-legged chickens—" "And fast young men come frov I know the place. I ye been all along there I " interrupted Capitola, her grey eyes glittering with mischief.. "This, you will perceive, young lady, is an article that cannot be purchased anywhere except—" "From the manufactory of foreign goods in the city of New York, or from their travelling agents." "Oh, my dear young lady, how you wrong me! This article came from—" "The factory of Messrs. Hoctis & Pocus, corner ot Cant and Come-in street, city of Gotham!" "Oh, my dear young lady—' "Look here, my brave buccaneer, I know all about it. I told you I'd been along there ! " said the girl; and turning to Mrs. Condiment, she said: "See here, my dear, good soul if you want to buy that 'lndia' silk that you are looking at so longingly, you may do it with a safe conscience. True, it never passed through the custom-house— because it was made in New York. I know all about it! Al these 'foreign goods' are manu- factured at the north and qe,nt by agents all over the country. These agents dress and talk like sailors, and assume a mysterious manner on pur-

pose to be suspected of smuggling—because they know well enough fine ladies will buy much quicker and pay much more, if they only fancy they are cheating Uncle Sam, in buying foreign goods from a smuggler at half price!" "So, then, you are not a smuggler, after all !" said Mrs. Condiment, looking almost regretfully at the sailor.

"Why, ma'am, you know I told you you were accusing me wrongfully." "Well, but really, now, there was something about you that looked sort of suspicious." "What did I tell you 1 a look put on on purpose," said Cap. "Well—he knows that if he wanted to pass for a smuggler, it didn't take here," said Mrs. Condi- ment.

"No—that it didn't!" muttered the object of these commentaries.

"Well, my good man, since you are, after all, an honest peddler, just hand me that silk, and don't ask me an unreasonable price for it, because I'm a judge of silks, and I won't pay more than it is worth," said the old lady. "Madam, I leave it to your own conscience. You shall give me just what you think it's worth." " Humph ! that's too fair by half. I begin to think this fellow is worse than he seems 1" said Capitola to herself. After a little hesitation a price was agreed upon, and the dress bought. Then the servants received permission to invest their little change in ribbons, handkerchiefs, tobacco, snuff, or whatever they thought they needed. When the purchases ware all made, and the peddler had done up his diminished pack and replaced his hat upon his head and was preparing LO leave, Mrs. Condiment said: "My good man, it is getting very late, and we do not like to see a traveller leave our house at this hour; pray remain until morning, and then, after an early breakfast, you can pursue year way in safety." "Thank you, kindly, ma'am, but I must be far on ray road to-night," said the peddler. "But, my good man, you are a stranger in this part of the country, and don't know the danger you run," said the housekeeper. "Danger, ma'am, in this quiet country 1" "Oh, dear, yes, my good man, particularly with your valuable pack—oh, my good gracious 1" cried the eld lady, with an appalled look. "Indeed, ma'am, you—you make me sort of un- easy I What danger can there be for a poor, peaceful peddler pursuing his path ?" "Oh, my good soul, may Heaven keep you from .—BLACK DONALD!" "Black Donald—who's he?" "Oh, my good man, he's the awfulest villain that over went =hung!" "Black Donald I Black Donald! never heard that name before in my life! Why is the fellow called Black Donald?" "Oh, sir, he's called Black Donald for his black soul, black deeds, and—and—also, I believe, for his jet black hair and beard." "Oh, my countrymen, what a falling up was there 1" exclaimed Capitola, at this anti-climax. "And how shall I keep from meeting this villain?" asked the peddler. "Oh, sir, how can I tell you? You never can form an idea where he isn't! Only think, he may be In our very midst any time, and we not know it. Why, only yesterday the desperate villain hand- cuffed the very sheriff in the very courtyard! Yet I wonder the sheriff did not know him at once? For my own part, I'm sure / should know Black Donald the minute I clapped my two looking eyes on him !" "Should you, ma'am 7" "Yes, indeed, by his long, black hair and beard! They say it is a half a yard long. Now a man of such a singular appearance as that must be easily recognised 1" "Of course 1 Then you never met this wretch face to face 1" "Me! me! am I standing here alive? Do you suppose I should be standing here if ever I had met that demon? Why, man, I never leave this house, even in the day-time, except with two bull-dogs and a servant, for fear I should meet Black Donald! I know if ever I should meet that demon, I should drop dead with terror. I feel I should 1" "But may be now, ma'am, the man may not be so bad, after all. Even the devil is not so black as he is painted." "The devil may not be, but Black Donald is." "What do you think of this outlaw, young lady 2" asked the peddler, turning to Capitola. "Why, I like him 1" said Cap. "You do?" "Yes, I do! I like men whose very names strike terror into the hearts of commonplace people 1" "Oh, Miss Black 1" exclaimed Mrs. Condiment. "Yes, I do, ma'am. And if Black Donald were only as honest as he is brave, I should quite adore him! so there 1 And if there is one person in the world I long to see, it is Black Donald." "De you really wish to see him ?" asked the peddler, looking intently into the half earnest, half satirical face ot the girl. "Yes, I do wish to see him above all things." "And do you know what happened to the rash girl who wished to see the devil 2" "No—what did 1" "She saw him I" "Oh, if that's all, I dare it and if wishing will bring me the sight of this notorious outlaw, lo! I wish it. I wish it. I wish to see Black Donald," said Capitola. The peddler deliberately arose and put down his pack and his hat; then he suddenly tore off the scarf from his neck and the handkerchief from his head, lifted his chin and shook loose a great, rolling mass of black hair and beard; drew himself up, struck an attitude, called up a look, and ex- claimed: "Behold Black Donald!" With a piercing shriek, Mrs. Condiment swooned and fell to the floor; the poor negroes, men and maids, were struck dumb and motionless with consternation; Capitola gazed for one lost moment in admiration and curiosity; in the meantime Black Donald quickly resumed his disgnise3, took up his pack and wicked out of the room. Capitola was the first to recover her presence of mind; the instinct ot the huntress possessed her; starting forward, she exclaimed: "Pursue him! catch him! come with me! Cowards! will you let a robber and murderer escape " and she ran out and overtook the outlaw in the middle of the hall. With the agile leap of a little terrier she sprang up behind him, seized the thick collar of hi, pea-jacket with both hands, and drawing up her feet, hung there with all her weight, crying: "Help! murder! murder! help! Come to my aid! I've caught Black Donald!" He could have killed her instantly in any one of

a dozen ways I He could have d: iven in her temples with a blow of his sledge-hammer first; he could have broken her neck with the grip of his iron fingers; he only wished t:-) shake her off with- out hurting her—a -difficult task, for there she hung, a dead weight, at the collar of his coat at the back of his neck. "Oh, very well!" he cried, laughing aloud. "Such adhesiveness I never saw! You stick to me like a wife to her husband. So, if you won't let go, I shall have to take you along, that's all So here I go, like Christian with his bundle of sin on his back." And lowing the upper button of his pea-jacket so as to give him more breath, and putting down his peddler's pack to relieve himself as much as possible, the outlaw strode through the hall-door, down the steps, and down the evergreen avenue leading to the woods. Capitola, still clinging to the back of his coat- collar, with her feet drawn up, a dead-weight, and still crying: " Help I murder! I've caught Black Donald, and I'll die bet re I'll let him go." "You're determiewl to be an outlaw's bride, thqt,,s etair Well I've no particular objection.' cried Black Donald, roaring with laughter as he strode on. It was "a thing to see, not hear "—that brave, rash, resolute imp clinging like a terrier, or a crab. or a briar, on to the back of that gigantic ruffian, whom, if she had no strength to stop, she was determined not to release. They had nearly reached the foot of the descent when a great noise and hallooing was heard behind them. It was the negroes who, having recovered from their panic, and armed themselves with guns, pistols, swords, pokers, tongs, and pitch-forks, were now in hot pursuit. And cries of "Black Donald 1 " " Black Donald 1" "Black Donald 1" filled the air. "I've got him! I've got him! help! help! quick! quick I " screamed Capitola, clinging closer than ever. Though still rowing with laughter at the absurdity of his position, Black Donald strode on faster than before and was in a fair way of escape, when lo I suddenly coming up the oath in front cit him, he met— OLD HURRICANE I ( To be continued.)

OUR SHIPS COMPARED WITH THOSE OF OTHER NATIONS.

The ways of the Admiralty are full of mystery, but nothing is more mysterious than the bashful reticence with which that department divulges to the public infor- mation of the most ordinary and commonplace order. As long ago as August 27th, 1895, Sir Charles Mike, in the House of Commonsimoved for a return showing the com- parative strength of the British Empire as compared with the Great Powers in regard to battleships and other war vessels except terpedoes,whether in commission, in reserve,or building and completing for sea. The return seems to have been completed on September 3rd, 1 895 ; but it is only now issued to the public. Perhaps, how- ever, the delay is due to a regard for the appropriate occasion ; and we are bound to confess that the return comes at an apt moment. But its value is somewhat diminished by the fact that, by the confession of the compilers, a large number of the figure as to aggregate revenue, tonnage of mercantile marine,value of seaborne commerce and the like are " conveyed" from the "Statesman's Year Book "and " Lloyd's Universal Re- gister." To these works we also have access, and the sanctity seems to depart from knowledge so acquired. Such as it is, however, the return i convenient, and though we fear lest it may give occasion for many Jingoistic utterances, we give it a hearty welcome. We need not throw up our caps immediately and shout "We've got the ships," but we may take advantage of the information to form a concise idea of our naval strength in comparison with other Powers. Let us see how it stands. In the matter of battleships England stands easily first with twenty-six in commission, sixteen in reserve, and ten building or completing for sea—in all, fifty-two. Let us compare this with Germany and the United States. Germany has twelve in commission, eight in reserve, and three building or completing tor sea, in all. twenty-three. The United States has eight building. So that if we put Germany and the United States togethett we shall have twenty-one more than both, even if Vle imagine all those in the shipbuilding yards are possible factors in any struggle. France is a more serious com- petitor in the naval race. In all, she has thirty-four battleships either ready or preparing. Russia has seven- teen, Italy has fifteen, Austria has eight, and Spain has two. If we take the battleships, both present and pro- spective, of all the Powers together, we have roughly a proportion of two to one against England—ninety-nine belonging to the Powers and fifty-two to England. Under the other headings we compare as follows, taking into account all ships both in commission, in reserve, and preparing for f ea : Coast. Other Defence. Cruisers. Ships. England l7 137 174 France Ruesia lB ... 17 ... 38 Germany Italy Spln Austria United States If then, we compare the totals of all ships, except battleships, we do not come out so very badly compare sion : England France Russia Germany 52 United States 7O Here we are a match in numbers for at least any" three other great Powers. But it must be remembered that we have a large proportion unprepared—fifty four, as against France's twenty-two, Germany's six, Italy'S eleven. and America's eleven. But if our Fleet is thus larger than that of any other two Powers, we must remember that our stake is far larger, and that we are far more vulnerable on the high seas. The aggregate tonnage ofour mercantile marine is hugely out of proportion to that of any other nation: England France 1,091,752 Spain Russia 487,681 Austria Germany 1,886,812 United States Altogether, the return is very interesting and suggeS: tive, and though it will reassure anyone who may haV" fears as to our strength on the seas, it will breed wholesome caution in those who are here reminded 0 the tremendous istues at stake for us, as a Naval Power• in any combat for the supremacy of the ocean—tho highway of our commerce and our food.

THE PLAGUE OF LIFg

A "Little Cough," THE RUIN OF HEALTH: A " Little Cough. THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH:

--- - ------___ A " Little Cough. Which may be CURED now by the IMMEDIATE USB 0 HALL'S: FOR INFLUENZA T LUNG RESTORER Li Registered AND ALL CHEST IP' AND THROAT RESTORER COMPLAINTS. Never Fails. It POSSESSES TriE POWSIAI LUNG to SOOIHE, RELIEVE arj; HEAL, which exists in , RESTORER other preparation. FOR COUGHS LUNG on COLO' REST NO R eßvEer Fails. It NEVER EXILi to GIV° INSTANT RELIEF. LUNG RESTORER THE FIRST DOSE IS A SOOTHING PILO" LUNG LUDE To THE CURE. RESTORER INDUCES SLEEP Calm and Refreshing. LUNG DOES NOT CONTAIN RESTORER LAUDANUM, OPIUM. of Never Fails MORPHIA. LUNGiGRESTORER FOR WHOOPING -4 CoUGO' IT ACTS LIKE A CHACHARM' Children like it. RESTORER Never Fails ONE 131 2D. BOTTLE' HA LL'S L' 6 p ESTORER PROVES ITS VALUE. 1., Registered ESTABLISHED 40 YEAIO GIVES INSTANT NEVER NEVER RELIEF FAILS FAILS.

EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF WITNESS BEARAW Mrs. M. A. Smith, Orphan Home for Girls. Croydon. To Mr. THOMAS HALL.—" DEAR SIE,—I am pleased ,0 testify Wthe great benefit derived from the use of your LIP,O RESTORER, which I have given to r several children my Home--in two cases part;lularly its effects were marl? ions having cured most obstinate Coughs. I shall be ple3 to recommend it to all my friends. ,1"5 CAUTION.- When you ask, ask for a Bottle of 11A10,9 LUNG RESTORER, dot be persuaded to accept an.litltia else. Upon the outside wrapper of every genuine appears my Trade Mark (Use figure of lloPE) and Sigo4'" Beware of fraudulent imitation. und innovations. ttl° Sold by Chemists and Stores everywhere, in B 0 j, lid. and 2s. 9d. Should there be any diffloult9o.o obtaining, it will be sent carriage paid, on receipt of jor thej amount, fromj THOS. HALL. 24, Queen View" street. London

===== 0002601_18960125_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ONLY MEDICINE

and the only physician that is ever employed. Thousands of men, women, and children are living to-day as illustrations of the health-giving powers (.f Hood's Sarsaparille,,and in scores of cases they freely admit that they would not be alive U.-day but for Hood's Sarsaparilla.

SLEEPLESS NIGHTS.

Rheumatism and Pains in Head r ause the Trouble. RPlief and Cure Follow Taking hood's Sarsaparilla. " Gentlemen,—l suffered for three or four years with rheumatism and pains in my head. I lost all appetite and could not sleep at night. I had been under the treatment of several doctors, but could not get any permanent relief. About six months ago I had my attention attracted by an

===== 0002601_18960125_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
ADVERTISEMENT OF HOOD'S

Sarsaparilla. I tried so many different remedies that I had got tired of them, but my husband in- duced me to try a bottle of Hood's Sarsaparilla. I was relieved a little after the first, but after taking the second and third bottles, I recovered my appe- tite, and could sleep splendidly all night, and the

RHEUMATISM AND HEADACHE

have entirely disappeared. I have continued to take Hood's Sarganarilla and can say that I am now is the best of heatth, doing all my housework and thinking nothing of it, whereas formerly I had to employ a domestic. Myself and husband have such faith in Hood's Sarsaparilla that we do not intend to be without a bottle in the house, and shall recom- mend it to all our friends." CLARA ADAMSON, 17, Southgates, Leicester.

HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA, The One True Blond Purifier. Sold by chemists • or sent post paid, 24. 9d. or 4s. 6d. by C. I. Hood and Co., 34, Snow Hill, London, E.C.

HOOD'S PILLS Cure Constipation and Liver Ills.

is. lid:

===== 0002601_18960125_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
Ti Ti

i

it, and many 3. We shout age of naval us see

ily flrat e, and ;y-two. United ight in ant ng. ;ether,

- if we ,ossible 9 Corn ty-four seven in has Ld pro- ighly ty-nine

st any mbered y four. Italy'

REST.

'BEET.

Emm.1.w....'... ----..---,

-MB a :NZA a .. 'ROO

JUGO' HAUS'

.as—eid 11$61 rL- fp Area rtle.r/06 , plea gADI.I,iI inflottie grieOrd

nottl, ,utti, , r. victor

===== 0002601_18960125_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
TRH BEST MEDICINE FOR BILE, m.„..PIR BEST MEDICINE FOR WIND, '1'126 BEST MEDICINE FOR INDIGESTION, IS EADVs th- ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. eETOMArcr heY quicklAremove the irritation and feverish state of relieve the correct the morbid condition of the LIVER the bl system of all impurities, witch, by circulating in ,_°o43. Injuriously affect the fiction of the KIDNEys. F_`_4. 0Y removing the causes of so much discomfort restore ue vital energies of body and mind.

---- EADE'S PILLS. Sold bY all Cheml Asta NinTßlßoxleLloslllB.Slid. and 28. 9d. or !Palled Free on receipt of remittance by GEORGE EADE, 12, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON, E.C.

EA DE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS

===== 0002601_18960125_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
HAPPIEST OF ALL.

THERE iS no time in the twenty-four hours when one ought to feel so thoroughly satisfied and content as

immediately after a good hearty meal. And all healthy persons do feel so. The body's demands have been met

and we are as easy and comfortable as though we had paid off an old dun and bad money left. We are access- ible, humane and good-natured. Then, if ever, we will grant a request without grumbling. " True benevol- ence," sass an old crusty friend of mine, "is located in a capable stomach recently filled."

Yes, but what of the incapable stomachs, of which

there are so many 2—stomachs that disappoint and plague their owners, till the act of feeding, so delightful to others, beeomes an act to avoid the necessity of which they are almost willing to die ? Ali, that is quite another thing. These poor souls are they who say, as Miss Wallace says in this letter of hers, I was no longer to be counted among those who laave pleasure in eating. Far from it. As for me I was afraid to eat. I felt the need of food, of course—the weakness and sink-

ing that accompanied abstinence—but what was I to do? The moment I ate, my distress and pain com- menced. No matter how light the repast was, nor how

careful I was not to hurry in taking it, the result was tha same. The distress and gnawing pains • followed, with discomfort in the chest, and a sense of:choking, as if soms:bits of:food had lodged:there and were irritating me.

"So objectionable and repugnant to me was the act of eating that for days together I did'nt touch a morsel of solid food, subsisting entirely on milk and soda water. Owing:to this enforced lack of nourishment I got extremely weak, and about as thin as I could be. I must not forget to say that this happened to rn.3, or rather it began to happen in July, 1886, when I was living at Wellington, in Shropshire. It;came on, as you

may say, gradually and not with any sudden or acute symptoms. I found myself low, languid, and tired. Then came the failure of my appetite and the other things I have named.

" I took the usual medicines forlindigestion, but they had no good effect. After six months experience of this kind of misery I iread in a book about Mother Seigel's Syrup as a remedy for this disease, ,and got a bottle from Mr. Bates the chemist, in Wellington. Hav- ing used it a few days I felt great relief, and when I had consumed two bottles I was entirely well. Since then I have heartily commended Mother Seigel's Syrup, to many friends, who have,invariably been cured as I was. You have my permission to publish my letter, if you desire to do so. Nigned) Minnie Wallace, Nurse, The Union Workhouse, Oldham, February 22nd, 1895.

Ins communication dated January Bth, 1895, Mrs. Henrietta McCallam of 40, Downsfield Road, Waltham- stow,near London,states that her daughter Emma fell ill in the spring of 1886 with the same symptoms described by Miss Wallace. She:craved food, yet, when it was placed before her she turned from it almost with loath- ing. "As time:went:on," so runs the mother's letter, "my daughterOpecame so weak she could hardly walk. Neither home medicines:nor those of the doctors did any good. Her sufferings continuedlor over eight years. "In June,. 1894, she began taking Mother Seigel's Syrup' of which we had:just read in a little book that was left atithe house. In a:week she was better and in less than two months she was 'enjoying better health than ever before. She has since ailed nothing, and can eat any kind of food. (Signed) (Mrs.) Henrietta IMcCallam."

"Happy," sings Homer" were they who fell under the high walls of,Troy." Happier are they who have never fallen under the crushing weight of indigestion or dyspepsia.!Happiest,perhaps,are all they who have been lifted up by Mother Seigel's remedy and placed where once again they can eat, drink, and be merry. And if all:these could be gathered together they would make a greater host than the Greek poet ever dreamed of.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
ANCIENT GEOGRAPHY.

The world to the ancient and medireval inhabitants appeared a far different thing than it seems to the well informed man. of to-day. As to the shape of the earth the ancients differed. Of course in extreme antiquity, every one, who thought about the matter at all,believed the world to be flat. Homer evidently regarded it as of comparatively small extent, and he thought the ocean was a mighty stream which flowed around it. Of course in his time, the earth was supposed to be the centre of the universe, and the sun, the moon and the stars were supposed to be large balls of fire, a few miles up in the air, attached, in some mysterious manner, to the walls of the sky,which walla tevolved around the earth taking the stars with them. The universe was a very small affair, which the gods,who dwelt upon the top of Mount Olympus—by no means a very lofty mountain—ruled over as they thought best. The gods themselves were not very exalted beings, and had disgraceful rows among themselves, and did what seems to-day like some very silly and impudent things. A few hundred years later, in the time of Aristole, a more correct, but a very far from perfect idea of the world had been ob- tained. Aristotle thought the world was spherical ,although several ancient philosophers who eucceeded him did not agree with him. But very little was known in regard to the extent of the world in Aristotle's day,in the fourth century before Christ, and but .a very little more was known about it 1800 years later , in the time of Columbus. In 2,000 years the world had in reality retrograded rather than advanced. It was a popular belief in the time of Columbus that the world was flat,though many contemporary scholars thought differently. The great civilisations of the world at that time were grouped around the Mediterranean Sea, although England was a considerable power, and the Scandinavians were a great maritime people. But Europeans, at that time, knew but little of Asia,and but little of Africa ; and America, of course,was undreamed of. Even after Columbus had discovered the latter con- tinent he was perfectly oblivious of the fact. He thought Hayti was Cipango, or Japan, and for a long time re- garded Cuba as a part of the mainland of Asia.Medireval Europe knew but very little of Eastern and Nerth-east- ern Asia. Many of the most learned cosmographers of the time taught that Asia stretched eastward indefi- nitely, and no one imagined that it had an eastern coast by the ocean. It was seriously taught that Eastern Asia wag a land of vast swamps, inhabited by monster ser- pents and dragons. This was the opinion that still pre- vailed up to within 200 years of the time of Columbus. At this time two Venetian merchants, by the name of Polo, went on a vast trading expedition to the utter- most parts of Asia. They were gone many years. Upon their return the son of one of them,a young man named Marco Polo, wrote out a full account of their travels. described he empire of the Grand Khan—the Chinese Emperor—and revealed the fact that Asia was bounded on the east by a vast ocean. He described this eastern coast minutely, with all its vast cities and its wealth of precious stones and spices. It was from reading this book that the imagination of Columbus was fired,and he conceived the bold conception of reaching this eastern coast of Asia by sailing toward the west,around the earth. So when he discovered Cuba he had not a deubt that he had landed upon the coast of Asia.and that he looked upon the same scenes that Marco Polo had gazed upon 200 years before. Africa was an unknown continent, as well as Asia. Until a few years after the great dis- covery of Columbus no one had sailed around it, and it was quite generally throught, as it had previously been thought in regard to Asia,that the African Continent ex- tended on and on indefinitely. It was supposed that far to the south was the Zone of Heat, in which no which no human being. could live. This was by no means an unreasonable inference to the ancients. They knew that the further they sailed to the north the colder it grew, and that in the extreme north was a region of perpetual ice and snow. They also knew that the further they sailed to the south the warmer it grew ; and what was more natural than for them to suppose that, if they went far enough in that direction, they would come upon lands that were parched and banked, and upon seas that boiled,where nothing could live but salamanders. The ancients peopled all distant lands with monsters and all distant seas with horrors. Un- known and distant countries were, to their superstition, peopled with" gorgoees, hydras, and chimeras dire." The distant seas were filled with monstrous dragons and serpents, of which the sea-serpent is to-day, perhaps, a survival. The unknown oceans were filled with whirl- pools that sucked in mariners, who were sacrilegious enough to approach them, to an awful death. Perhaps these superstitions, as much as any one thing, kept the world for so many centuries an unexplored and un- known waste.

Fu".—SEALSKIN JACKETS and FURS of every des- cription Cleaned or Re-Dyed and Altered. Fur Skins Dressed and Made-up into Rugs, Muffs, Collars, &c.—B CooKE, Manufacturing Furrier, 11, Upper Newington, and 21, Renshaw-street, li-0 ;•001, Established over 21 years,

===== 0002601_18960125_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
Til EXAMINER, SATITRDAY, JANUARY 25, 1896.

A WELLKNOWN SWIMMER SUMMONED AT THE ST. HELENS POLICE COURT.

It)bert Sharrock, the well-kwown amateur swimmer, was sun-.moned at St. Helens on Monday on the charge of assaulting his wife, Alice Sharrock. Mr. H. L. Riley appeared for complainant, and Mr. J. P. Mearns de- fended. The ages of the parties were given as twenty and nineteen, and they were married six weeks since.— Mr. Riley stated that the case was a deplorable one, for during the whole six weeks of the married life of this young couple the wife had been subjected to a course of persistent cruelty. He had, therefore, to ask their wor- ships to act upon the fourth section of the new Act with reference to the relations of women and their husbands. The first assault took place three weeks ago, but since then it had been aggravated bv more recent conduct, and finally, on the 15th inst., he assaulted her. Defend- ant worked at one of the collieries of Messrs. R. Evans and Co., and earned from 163. to 425. a week. He was also a distinguished swimmer, and added to his income in that way.—Mr. Mearns: He is not a professional swimmer.—Mrs. Sharrock was then called. She stated that she was married on the Monday and on the follow- ing Friday her husband stayed out until 2.30. She asked him where he had been, and he said that had nothing to do with her; he had been about his own business. He also said that if she did not mind he would throw her out. On another occasion he told her he had been in bad company. Three weeks ago she was standing by the fireside and he struck her a violent blow, and she fell and hurt her side. She was led home, and attended by Dr. O'Keeffe for four days. On the 15th inst. he returned from work about half-past four, and, having had his dinner, he went to his mother's and returned about seven o'clock. Her mother had lent her a lot of things for the house, and he began to pull down the pictures and bed, arid told her to send for her mother to fetch them. She did so ; . her mother came, and he threw thim through the window to her. Complainant was ordered out, but refused to go. He lay on the sofa, and she sat on the fender for a while. He spat in her face, struck her in the breast, and turned her out with violence. She then went to her mother's.—By Mr. Mearns : She was not ashamed to come to court and ask for a separation. She was not ashamed of having married him, and if he had behaved himself it would have been all right. She had been a barmaid in Warrington, and had a comfortable life, but she had not said she wanted to leave him and go back. She would live with him, but dare not. She had only known him four months before marriage.— Dr. O'Keeffe said complainant suffered from general de- bility on account of her husband's violence.—Mr.Mearns submitted that the defendant was the aggrieved party, that his wife continually left him, had stripped his house and left him with only a bed and chair. Mrs. Sharrock seemed to have tired of married life in a very short space of time.—Constable Jackson said he saw Mrs. Owen, the mother-in-law, strike Sharrock on the night ef the assault.—Sharrock was bound over to keep the peace for three months.— Elie magistrates added that application for a separation order would not be con- sidered that day. It mnst be made in the ordinary way.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY SPEED.

I see no reason why we may not expect to double the speed of steam-driven railroad trains, writes Mr. Hiram Maxim, in " Cassell's Magazine." Ordinary electric trains should travel at the rate of ninety to one hundred miles an hour, and express trains at, say, one hundred and twenty ; but in order to do this it would be neces- sary to so construct the carriages as to enable them to pass through the air without any great resistance. The I train should be pointed at both ends, and have the ap- pearance of all being ir one piece ; even the wheels and axletrees would have to be boxed in. I find in my ex- I periments that atmospheric skin triction on a smooth surface is so very small that it need not be considered as a factor at all, but the power required to drive a rough or irregular body through the air is very great. Electricity could of course, be advantas,,eously employed on exist- ing roads, but if special roads were to be constructed a comparatively cheap line could 1351 employed, and as the electrical train would be vastly lighter than the steam train, extensive grading and tunnelling would nct be neeessary. The line might follow, apofc_zimately, the contour of the country. In the steam-driven train great power is required to enable it to mount even a slight gradient, and all this energy is wasted in heat and friction en the brakes in descending the next grade. The extra amount of energy consumed by an electrically driven train in mounting a , gradient could again be utilised in descending the next I gradient, because the descending train, moving at a high velocity, instead of having its speed checked by the use of brakes, could turn as witch in such a direction as to convert the motors themselves into generators, which would aetually send a current into the line which would be available for the use of other trains.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
A BOTANICAL CLOCK.

Among the curiosities which have been found in the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, lately explored by naturalists, is a botanical clock. It is a flower, somewhat resembl- ing in its habits the chameleon, although more methodi- cal. In the morning it is white, at noon it is red, and at night blue, and the alterations of colour are so regular that the time of the day can be told from the tint of the flower. It has been suggested that if it could be accli- matised in a temperate zone, it would be a very useful flower in public parks.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MORPHIA. FIEND, STORY OF AN ESCAPR

Few things are more pleasing to the eye than a man of fine health and magnificent stature. A type of such (writes a Liverpool reporter) is to be found in Mr. Joseph Lee,of 26, Pearson-street, Wavertree,Liverpoool. Yet, as it appears, Mr. Lee had a narrow escape from the opium eater's fate. "You have ceme to see me about my remarkable escape, have you 2" he asked, on being visited by our cerrespondent. The latter assented. " Well," said Mr. Lee, " I can tell you outright that it is a true ' escape,' if, as we are always being told, morphia, even when properly used (and in my case it was undoubtedly used with the greatest medical and scientific propriety), often enslaves the patient and transforms him into a regular opium-eater."

" How came you to use morphia, Mr. Lee? ' " On account of the torture I suffered from my late illness. My doctor was a most skilful medical man, and I owe great gratitude to his attendance." " Your illness being what, Mr. Lee ?" "Sciatica. The doctor said I must have caught a " When did you have the first attack 2"

"Four years ago. I endured the most terrible agony for months, and had to remain in bed, during which time I used morphia on thirty occasions—the only thing which gave me relief." _ __

"That's a good deal of morpbia, Mr. Lee.''

" Yes ; and the doctor said that there is probably not another man in Wavertree who could have taken one third of that amount. But the illness left me so terribly weak, and when I recovered I made up my mind not to use mcrphia again. I didn't want another attack but it came on again about the beginning of this year. I was only just able to crawl about, with terrible tortar- IGg pains in my hips both night and day. I used every- thing that I could think of. You can tell what I was suffering when I say that up to August I had lost two stone in weight! One day in that month a friend of mine said to me, Look here, Lee; you try a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and give them a fair trial.' As a last resource I did so. And I never did a better thing in my life. Before I had finished the first box I found myself mending. I got a second one, and I could feel myself going better by bounds every day, and before I had finished half of the third box I was com- pletely well." Mrs. Lee enthusiastically attested the remarkable effect Dr. Williams' Pink Pills had had upon her husband. They were famous as a special tonic, and give strength to the entire system, thus curing sciatica, rheumatism, neuralgia, paralysis, Locomotor Ataxy, nervous head- ache, St. Vitus' dance and Influenz% ; while at the same time they enrich the blood, and thus cure Ansernia, scrofula, chronic erysipelas and the like,and restore pale and sallow complexions to the glow of health. They are obtainable of all chemists, and by post from Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 46. Holborn-viaduct, Lon- don, at 2s. 91. a box, or six for 13s. 91, but are genuine only with full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. A specific for all ladies' troubles, and in men cure the ills arising from worry, fatigue, and excess, whether of work or otherwisp.

Steps are being taken to found a memorial of Sergius Stepniak, and the form proposed is a fund to provide for his widow, who has been left desti- tute by the tragic accident which ended the exile's life. The committee appeal to friends of liberty especially in England and America,to all those who believe in the need and possibility of social and economic regeneration, and to all who have read Stepniak's books and who have thereby learnt something of the force and power of his work.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

APPLIMON PAROCHIAL COMMITTER.—A meeting of this committee WAS held at the London Bridge Inn, Stockton Heath, on Friday last. Mr. W. Richardson occupied the chair, and there were also present :—Messrs. J. Whitlow, C. W. Davenport, Coppock, Ashton Hayes, Hedgecock, J. Ashton (clerk), J. Swinton (surveyor), J. Farrington (inspector of nuisances). A letter was read from Mr. J. Lyon Whittle, town clerk of Warrington, stating that the suggestions of the committee relating to the proposed new sewer had been agreed to. He stated that the proper course for the committee would be to submit the plan and report to the Local Government Board. The Clerk stated that he had written to Mr. Potts, clerk to the County Council, explaining how the matter stood.—Mr. Marshall Stevens, of the Manchester Ship Canal Company in acknowledging the receipt of a letter from the committee with reference to the sanding of the bridges over the company's canal in their district, stated that he had given instructions for the same to be sanded whenever there was any frost, without, how- ever, the company expecting any responsibility in the matter. A report of the committee appointed to consider the question of lighting streets at Stockton Quay was read,in which they recommended that two gas lamps be fixed, one at the junction of Chapel-lane with Cawdor- st., and the other at the junction of Bostock-st., with Bedford-st., but inasmuch as the latter lamp would con- siderably light several of the trustee's streets, the com- mittee did not approve of lighting the trustee's streets further until they were open for vehicular traffic. The report was received and adopted, and the Clerk was in- structed to request the Corporation ot Warrington to fix the lamp posts. A suggestion made at the meeting of the Runcorn Council with reference to the readjustment of the 'duties of the inspector of nuisances and the sur- veyors of highways was submitted, and it was resolved that subject to its being a stipulation that the Inspector of Nuisances for the Budworth sub-district reside in the township of Appleton, the sukgestion of the Rural Council be approved.—The minutes came before the Runcorn Rural Council at their meeting on Tuesday,and were confirmed.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE P.S.A. TOTAL ABSTINENCE

SOCIETY.

INAUGURAL MEETING.

On Monlay evening the first meeting of the total abstinence society which has been formed in connection with Wycliffe Congregational Church P.S.A., was held in Wycliffe Hall, the Rev. John Yonge presiding. Councillor Roberts and the Rev. F. G. West (Liverpool), accompanied the chairman on the platform. There was a good attendance. It might be mentioned that the Rev. John Yonge is president of the new association, and Councillor Roberts a vice-president. The meeting commenced by singing and prayer after which The CHAIRMAN said it was with feelings of unusual pleasure that he took the position of chair- man in connection with that meeting. He had be- lieved for a very considerable time now that they needed in connection with the P.S.A. Society, some means of bringing their brethren together on a week night. Their meetings on a Sunday afternoon as they all knew had been crowned with great success, and had awakened a very widespread interest, which had been well main- tained for nearly three years. (Applause.) They also be- lieved a great deal of good had been done to the men who had been banded togetheein the P.S. A.ln connection with the latter movement from starting,there was a tempor- ance committee appointed, and a temperance pledge book was kept in readiness so that any men who wished to sign the pledge could do so, and in the Sunday afternoon meetings some 50 or 60 men had signed the pledge since the P.S.A. started, and the speaker was hoping that they all or nearly all had been able to main- tain their pledges. He had felt strongly that they needed some method of enabling these men who thus took the pledge and became total abstainers to meet together sometimes with friends who sympath- ised with the movement, in order that they might be strengthened in their new faith and practice. In order to do this they decided to have in connection with the P.S.A. some means by which their brethren might have social enjoyment as well as maintain the pledge they had taken. They therefore started a total abstinence society, of which this was the inaugural meet- ing. Their purpose was—and he hoped to be able to carry it out—to have a meeting once every Monday night,in some room on the school premises. They trusted to have once a month an open meeting like the present one and for which they would get special attractions,and by those means support the new movement in connec- tion with the P.S.A. Mr.Yonge was glad to see the !Ales as well as the gentlemen present that night—(hear.hear, and applause)—because, although their P.S.A. for men only had been so wonderfully successful, many of them bad felt that the women were a little bit overlooked by that movement. In some towns it had been found suc- cessful to have Pleasant Monday Evenings for women only,and they had been found evenlmore successful than those for the men only. They had nothing of that kind here,but it was tl eir purpose that the temperance meet- ings here should be open to men and women, and to see "both sides of the House" represented. He had a firm conviction that the old saying was perfectly true that "a man is what a woman makes him," and that conse- vently it was well to have wives and sisters and sweet- hearts on the side of temperance to keep the man true. The idea was that the membership should be a penny a week and he hopu I they would have a consi- derable number of men and women joining the society that night or shortly, and that they would have a series of interesting meetings and that much rood might be done. It was time something more energetic was done in the temperance cause. (Hear, hear.) They were not ambitious, but they were earnest,and he believed that if alllwould help and by God's blessing the Total Abstinence Society would be effectual in doing a great deal of good. He concluded by urging them te try and make Warring- , ton a steady, sober, moral. and religious tnwn, and if all , did what they could and by Divine help they would accomplish it. The Rev. F. G. WEST expressed the pleasure it gave him to see such a good gathering, and he thought it L spoke well for the future of the movement. They should all stand by Mr. Yonge in this matter and if they did— he did not profess to be a prophet—but he would pro- phesy that they should have grand times. For two years at Byrom Hill. Liverpool, they had kept together a meeting of 200 each week. (Hear, hear and applause.) A remarkable fact also was that they had five managers from Walker's public-houses who were members of their church and who had given up the drink trade and taken shops. (Applause.) Those men were convinced of the evils of drink, and had found out the blessings of tem- perance. Mr. West then launched into an excellent dis- course based upon the heads: "Drunkenness is ruin- ous," "Moderation is dangerous," "Total abstinence is safe."

Mr. THOMAS JonNsow, of the Manchester Ragged School, gave an earnest and encouraging address Mug- trating the evils of intemperance and the benefits of total abstinence. He urged all, especially young men to be brave and true in the right cause. Councillor Roamers said he did not desire to make a long speech because he thought the remarks of the pre- vious speakers should be allowed ti' have full weight, and he himself hoped to be "able to do some more prac- tical work later on in the session just commenced. He must say however that he would like to emphasise the appeals made by Mr. West and Mr. Johrson. (Hear, hear.) He did not think there was any logical reply to the speeches to which they had listened, but those of them who were teetolalers had frequently met with this difficulty : If they had tried to induce some of their friends to give up the habit of taking strong drink they had been met with the question, "Why should I be a teetotaler,?" but the speaker had never been able yet to meet the man or woman who could give a Ruud sub- stantial reason for not being. It was the personal liking for the thing which had become the habit fixed in the lives or some reople. He (the speaker) was not hypo- critical in this matter and did not ask a man to do what he did not do himself. (Hear, hear.) All his life, and he had now seen 42 years, he had been a teetotaler, and he was not aware that he was any worse for it but he was sure he was a great deal better for it. (Hear, hear and applause. 1 All of them, he said, who were fathers, should ha careful to tread in the right path for the benefit of the children coming behind, because in their hands would be the powers of England in.the near future. The sacrifice was so slight and the advantages gained would be so enor- mous that during the next 10 years in this country the results would be such that those of the most prophetic amongst them could not possibly contemplate. Mr. Roberts added his personal appeal to thnee who had not yet made up their minds, to come and join with them in their fight and they would try and make Warrington, which they all loved so much, a little better for the fact that they had lived in it. (Loud applause.) Mr. G. Tnonirson, Sankey, said he would be glad to come to their meetings as often as possible. He had been a teetotaller 30 years and he assured all of his sympathy and expressed his willingness to give all the assistance he could.

During the evening Miss Broadhurst sang " Killarney " and was loudly applauded. Mr. J. Taylor. Earlestown, gave an amusing Lancashire reading. entitled" Ringlev Broth," and a song " Go child and beg a bit of bread" was rendered with accordion accompaniment, by Mr. Nightingale. The CHAIRMAN on behalf of the meeting thanked the speakers and singers for their help. Re considered the meeting that night a very auspicious gathering. After the singing of the Doxology the gathering dispersed.

CLEAR COMPLEXEON, L-UXURIANT HAIR, spotless arms, soft white hands, and shapely nails are produced by CUTICURA SOAP, the purest, sweetest, and most effec- tive skin purifier and beautifier of this or any age. It is so because it strikes at the cause of minor cutaneous affections, viz. : THE CLOGGED IRRITATED, INFLAMED SLUGGISH, OR OVERWORKED PORES. CUTICURA SOAP de- rives its remarkable purifying and beautifying proner- ties from Cuncuna.the great skin cure, hut so delicately are they blended with the purest of toilet and nursery soap stocks that the resnit is incomparably superior to all other skin and complexion soaps.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
MIRACULOUS CURES OF ASTHMA.

The statements which we publish below confirm the claim of Dr. Schiffmann that he has now discovered an absolute remedy for Asthma, a disease which has hither- to baffled the skill of the most noted physicians. Jonx WILLIAM LOWE, Hopkinson's Yard, Chesterfield, Derby- shire, says :—" For two years I was an incessant sufferer from Asthma, and the winter before last I was unable to work at all, but after using two boxes of your Asthma Cure I was quite cured. Last winter I did not lose a day's werk, nor did I suffer from a single attack. I had tried many remedies before but nothing did me any good, with the exception of Schiffmann's Asthma Cure, which has completely cured me." J. T. INGRAM, Knitsley Grange, Conset, Co. Durham, writes It is a month on Monday since I tried your Asthma Cure, I felt an attack coming on at 9 o'clock at night so I to )Ic one dose, went to bed at 10 o'clock and I never awoke until 6.30 in the morning. The two following nights I felt it coming on and took another dose with the same result, an experience I have not had for years. Since the third dose I have never ailed a,ain from the disease." Space prevents publishing further testimonials but sceptical readers may communicate with the above- named. These are urged to send a post card to Dr. SCEIFFMANN'S British Depot,32A, Snow Hill,London,E.C. for a list of testimoniols which are absolutely convinc- ing. Packages of Schiffmann's Asthma Cure may be obtained at all Chemists for 23. 6d. and 43. 63. per pack- age or from the Depot as above.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
A PARADISE FOR RAILWAY EIIPLOYES.

New South Wales in the happy land of the railway employes. It appears from the report of the govern- ment railways in this colony that locomotive engine drivers get lls. to 15s. a day, firemen Bs. to 109., porters 69. to 125., and other classes in proportion. The pay of stationmasters varies from £l5O to £4OO per annum. The railway servants also enjoy incidental advantages. Every servant, except salaried officers, is granted a day's leave on full pay for each proclaimed public holiday (averag- ing about twelve days each year). Engine drivers, firemen, guards, signalmen, and gangers are allowed six good conduct holidays ; expenses, averaging 39. per day are also allowed to drivers, firemen, guards, and all others when away from their home station. Lodging houses with attendants, moreover, are also provided at all the principal depots for drivers, firemen and guards, free of charge ; stationmasters and officers in charge enjoy free houses; the salaried staff get three weeks' holiday per annum on full pay; and lastly, free passes, "station to station," are allowed, when on leave, to each member of the staff, including wife and family, not exceeding three persons.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SATURDAY EVENING CONCERT.

The Parr Hall was again crowded on Saturday night when another of tbe popular concerts was given. A novelty in the programme was the pre- sence of the Ladies' Euterpean Orchestra,conducted by the Misses Scott, of Liverpool, and which com- prises nine performers. The entertainment was commenced with an overture from the "Bohemian Girl," and an intermezzo "Loin dul Bal," both of which were played with taste and precision. Other items provided by these ladies were " Danse Styrienne " (Michiels), " Faust" (Reviere), "Dream of Spring" (011erenshaw), "Baby's Sweetheart," and the 'Gondoliers." " Baby's Sweetheart" was chiefly distinguished by prettiness and simplicity, while the " Gondoliers " was preferred to the re- 'mainder of the selections. Miss Annie Scott was leader of the troupe, and her violin solo Trovatore " was played in a finished manner. A mandoline solo " Cardova " (Sac- chi) was a fine performance, and reflected credit on Miss Greta Scott, the player. Miss Emilie Scott, A.P., T.C.L., was warmly applauded for her piano- forte rendition of "Balmoral," and the" Havelock March " was as well received when given on the banjo by Mr. Guthrie Scott. Mr. J. M. Bate (War- rington), sangthe " Death of Nelson," with consid- erable expression, but there was an improvement manifested in his rend-tion of " Mary of Argyle." Another local artiste was Miss Eleanor Pickton.who greatly pleased her audience by showing not only. the possession of a soprano voice of high range but also a complete command of it. For her singing of the "Children's Home," the audiensle demanded bar re-appearance three times,and later on in the even- ing she met with as hearty approval of her rendi- tion of the " Flight of Ages," for which she gave as an encore, "The Better Land." As humorist the Corporation had secured the services of Mr. William Pagan, who pleased only a section of the audience. It is, of course,not an easy matter for promoters of concerts to provide humorous talent of the highest order every week.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
LYII3I.

SATTIRDAY POPULAR CONCERT.—A concert WRS given in the Wesleyan Schoolroom on Saturday when Mr.Dodd presided over a crowded audience. Mr. W. A. Wood ' opened the programme with a pianoforte solo (" Valse de Concert ") played in excellent style. Miss Simkin. of Runcorn, sang with much taste" Alone on the raft." Mr. F. Fieldhouse followed with" Anchored" (encored), and he afterwards sang" To-morrow will be Friday." The humorist. Mr. " Teddy" Whittle, of Bolton, contri- buted four items to the programme; two humorous sketches, "The Village Concert" and " I wish I were younger again ;" a humorous song, " Sit thi deswn," and a recital entitled " Franky's Dream." Mr.Whittle's wit and humour carried the audience by storm, and he also showed in his last contribution that he possesses pathos to an unusual degree. Miss May Clare, of Earles- town, charmed all present with the compass and beauty of her voice in her song," Sing, Sweet Bird," In response to an enthusiastic encore she sang" Annie Laurie." She afterwards gave "When the tide comes in," and with Miss Simkin, the duet, "Over the Hawthorn Hedge." Mr. T. Truslove pleased many with his burlesque Imi- tations of cornet solos. The National Anthem brought a most successful concert to a close.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
WORDS FROM AN M.P.

Many public speakers wonder how J. Havelock- Wilson, M.P., the Labour member for Middlesboro', could make so many speeches as he did during the last General Election without breaking down in health. He is one of the most untiring public speakers in the Empire, and lam sure many will be interested in the following letter :

===== 0002601_18960125_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
"9, JERRIdIkIi-STREET, POPLAR, LONDON, E. Sept. 14th, 1895.

"Messrs. Scorr and BROWNE, Ltd.. "47, Farrington-street, E.C.

" Dsmt Siss,—Some twelve years ago my wife suffered from a severe attack of htemorrhage, followed by continued spitting of blood. After being under the attention of her medical alviser for three months, he recommended your Emulsion, from which she derived much benefit, and I have myself for the past ten years used your Emulsion constantly. In my position as President of the Seamen's Union, I have frequently to address as many as five or six open-air meetings in one day, and as soon as I feel the slightest hoarseness or weakness of the chest, as a result of so much public speaking, I immediately resort to your Emulsion, and this enables me to continue speaking, which I would otherwise not be able to do. I probably do as much out door'speaking all the year round as any other public man in the country, and during the late General Elec- tion I surprised both friends and opponents by the num- ber of meetings which I was able to address in one day; but the secret of my being able to de this was due to the fact that I was using your Emulsion continuously. "I use nothing else for my own children for coughs and colds.and always find it an effective -remedy. I have recommended it to scores of people in all parts of the country, who now speak of it in the highest terms. For attacks of Quinsy, to which lam sometimes subject I find it has a most wonderful curative effect,and is also excellent for building up the constitution. • "I am, Yours truly, "J. HAVELOCK-WILSON, M.P."

As a remedy for all affections of the breathing or speaking organs, Scott's Emulsion is without a peer. Besides giving strength and vitality to the system, it makes new lung tissue and heals sore or diseased spots, thus making it of great benefit to the Consumptive. It is effective, as Mr. Havelock-Wilson says, in ordinary coughs and colds. and quickly relieves local inflamma- tion of Throat or Lungs.

In cases of Bronchitis, so common in Great Britain, Scott's Emulsion is most effectual. It builds up the syster when all other nourishments fail to do any good. Scott's Emulsion should be taken in all forms of wast- ing and emaciation. It enriches the blood, makes healthy flesh, and increases vitality.

WARRINGTON WOMEN'S LIBERAL ASSOCIATION.

ANNUAL MEETING.

The annual meeting of the Warrington Women's Liberal Association was held at the Liberal Club, Bewsey-road, on Monday evening, when the chair was occupied by Councillor William Pierpoint, J.P. There was a good attendance, including Mrs. Handel Booth, of Eccles, Mrs. Z. Armitage, Mrs. H. Roberts, Mrs. W. Pierpoint, Mrs. R. Garnett, Mrs. J. Yonge, Miss Bessie rs. G. Clay, Mrs. W. Furness, Miss Garner, Mrs. Dutton,dolford, Mrs. Cook, Councillors Plumpton and Tinnion, and Mr. C. Jackson Holmes. Councillor PIERPOINT said that the position in which he was placed that night was one which to him was of considerable novelty, because it was the first time he was privileged to preside over any meeting of a _ .

women's Associalion. And they knew that men as a

rule felt rather nervous should they have to address a business meeting of women, because after all, he must admit that women were not going to be led astray by fmthy words so easily as men were. (Laughter.) When, however, he was asked to preside over the annual meet- ing of the Warrington Women's Liberal Association, he felt that Use least he could do was at once to accept that position and endeavour as quietly and as briefly as he could to introduce the business they were called upon to engage in. He was bound to admit that the Women's Liberal Association had done some very good work in Warrington. It had done a great deal more and better work than a great many people outside imagined it was possible it could do. (Applause.) He was in a position to be able to testify the fact that they rendered useful and beneficial work. They would recollect that the men's Liberal Association of Warrington had become extravagant and that they managed their affairs so badly that they actually got on the verge of bankruptcy and hardly knew how to turn or where to look for assistance which they felt was absolutely necessary. They thought that they would have to go" spark out." A great many ladies of Warrington were made aware of the fact and they all put their shoulders to the wheel,he was going to say manfully—(laughter)—but he would say with true womanly courage, and decided that they would on behalf of the Warrington Liberal Association, carry out a bazaar. (Applause.) He need not remind anybody in that room of the phenomenal success which that bazaar was. It was not only pleasant from a social point of view, and perfectly satisfactory to anybody concerned, but the financial result of the bazaar relieved the Warrington Liberal Association of a great weight of debt which was hanging round its neck. (Applause.) The men again went on in a very bungling manner— (laughter)—and they again found themselves in diffi- culties.He hoped he was not disclosing any secrets of the but they again appealed to the Warrington Women's party Liberal Association, and they organised, not a bazaar,because their wants were not very great,but a sale of work and got for the Association,the further sum of £55. Altogether, the bazaar and sale of work realised the very handsome sum of something between £BOO and £l,OOO. (Applause.) If the women of Warrington had been able to do that on behalf of Liberal politics it had been of great use. (Hear, hear.) He was afraid he was again dis- closing secrets, when he said that they still looked upon some of the good ladies of the Warrington Women's Liberal Association again to help them out of one ot those little and slight financial difficulties into which they seem to fall so easily. If they had been of such great use in the past, it was very clear to him that they could be of very great use in the future. He was not going to say that they were only of use id finding money, but they could be of very great political use by their example and by their constant advocacy of Liberal principles which after all were for the greatest good of the greatest number. (Applause.) He was glad that one of the active members of the Association, Mrs. Clay, had ventured to take her part in public life—(applause) —and she had not only earned the gratitude of the party, but of all liberal-minded and good people in Warrington. (Applause.) If they had only done that, they had earned the gratitude of all good Liberals. He was sure that Mrs. Clay would not mind if there were another,or perhaps four or five lady Guardians along with her. (Applause.) Mrs. PIERPOINT, in the absence of Miss BISCRALL, then read the following report :—" The Warrington Women's Liberal Association was inaugurated at the suggestion of the Countess of Carlisle in 1891, under the presidency of Mrs. Ziba Armitage, and has been quietly and steadily working until there is every prospect of its becoming s powerful organization, a means of spreading true Liberal principles, and of educating women to take an intelli- gent interest in politics, and to consider the many im- portant questions brought before Parliament. In the spring of 1892 Mrs. (now Lady) Fry,of Darlington,came over and addressed a crowded women's meeting at the Liberal Club, Bewsey-street, Mrs. Crosfield, Walton Lea, being in the chair. At the conclusion many new mem- bers were admitted. In 1893 a sale of work and concert were held,when Mrs. Stewart Brown.of Liverpool, opened the proceedings. In March, 1894,Miss Southall spoke to a well-attended meeting, and strongly advocated the great necessity for women becoming members of Boards of Guardiars, also for their watching municipal affairs and the class of candidates chosen. Later on a tea party was held; the attendance was more than the spacious room would comfortably accommodate. On this occasion Mr. J.Rylands,J.P..president of the Liberal Association, was in the chair. On November 11th,1895, a small sale of work was held, when Mr. Percival B. Scott, the Liberal candidate for the borough, attended and thanked the members of the Women's- Association for the assistance given to him at the late general elec- tion. The amount realized at this sale was most gratify- ing to the workers. Delegates have been sent each year to the annual meeting of the Women's Liberal Federa- tion held in London. It will thus be seen from this the first report the association has issued that the outlook is most encouraging. The committee invites all Liberal women to join the association.alsoto attend the meetings it is proposed to hold at no distant date,at which speakers from other associations will be present. In conclusion, the President and committee desire to give their best thanks to the members of the Liberal Club for so kindly granting the use of a room for meetings,&c." (Applause.) Continuing, she said that she would be glad if any lady member of the Association had changed her address that they would notify the same to 'Mies Birchall. She honed that if there were any in that room who had not joined that Association, they would do so that night. Her husband had mentioned Mrs. Clay. She had heard that the gentlemen who were members of the Board of Gutrdians had not the slightest objection to having a lady present. One of them had said that he would not mind if there were one or two more if they were only like Mrs. Clay. (Laughter and applause.) Mrs. HENRY ROBERTS then read the balance sheet which showed that the income during the past year had been £127 93. 9d. They had contributed £55 to the Wsr- ringten Liberal Association, and they had still a balance of £37 10s. 7d.

_ The report was adopted on the motion of Mrs. CLtY, seconded by Mrs. COOK. Mrs. HANDEL BOOTH then addressed the meeting. She said that she was exceedingly sorry to hear that the men were in such low water. She must say that that was her experience of all men's Liberal Associations. (Laughter.) The Women's Liberal Association with which she was connected, was getting up a bazaar pre- paratory to getting the men out of debt. She thought that Women's Liberal Associations ought to have origin. ality of ideas. She was afraid that the want of origin- ality was a great fault of them, but she was glad that the Warrington Association had been of some use in re- turning a woman Poor Law Guardian. She hoped that the next time there was an election, they would send her a companion. (Applause). She (Mrs. Booth) had three women colleagues on the Board of which she was a member, and the found plenty of bard work, as they met two and sometimes three times a week. She had been requested by Miis Rirchall to speak that night upon dangers they had before them—the dangerous rocks they had ahead. Certainly it was very difficult at this time to comment upon Tory policy because feeling was still running high. As a very strong &id ardent Radical, she felt bound to protest against they course they had been pursuing. The leaders did not promise much, but the men who were asking for the votes of the working- men all over the country made all kinds of promises. The chief reason she got from workingmen when they said that they were going to vote otherwise than at the precious election was" We mun ha' a change." (Laugh- ter) It was an idea of the Tory party that before Lord Salisbury's august presence, all foreign nations would be very humble and deferentially bow to him. She did not think this had come to pass. (Bear, hear.) They had had a war with Ashantee."She believed it was now over. If they asked her what it was about,she could not tell them, although she had read very carefully, the newspaper reports, and the only reason appeared to be to give some -nembers of the Royal Family an oppor- tunity of having aj little trip. (Laughter.) As to the United States, she did not know whether they had studied the Monroe doctrine. She could not defend Pre- sident Cleveland's actinn,as it was not defended by right minded people in America—(hear, hear,)—and she be- liow-d that the English people had a brotherly feeling towards those of the United States. But the reason that the Venezuela boundary queation had come to the im- portance it had was because Lord Salisbury took some fale information—it mieht not be his fault—and took the Schomhurgk boundary as the absolute boundary. Then there was the oppressed country of Armenia. Fly was present at a large meeting on Sunday week at Manchester , and it seemed to her that all in that vast hall were full of sympathy but they all seemed to feel a sense of impotency, and in not being I able to help them. England seemed only able to give the sufferers our sympathy in word. She did not know whether the Government was acting at present upon j anything of a secret kind,but it seemed to her that Eng- land was indirectly to blame for the massacres that had keen perpetrated in Armenia. As to the probable future Ipolicy of this present Government they had ,she thought, more to fear from it than to hope. There would be ex- travagances upon the navy and army, possible coercion for Ireland again,no relief for those engaged in agricul- ture,and many other promises made by the Tory party at the last election to catch votes would be lift unful- -1'1;1o: They were, however, powerless to interfere while the Tories held ale° ; they would have to allow them to go on in their own stupid course ; but the members of

that association should in the meantime endeavour to their utmost to gain the franchise. Then they would be able to give their support to that greater Liberalism in a better and truer manner than did the men at the last election. (Applause.) Miss BESSIE DUTTON said that she was of opinion that any movement carried on exclusively by one sex wag not likely to he complete. Untorliina'ely Mr. Pierpoint had laid a little too much stress she thought upon the work of their hands, and had not thought very much about their heads. (14 iughter.) Tne importance of training the intellectual faculties of women had not always been recognised as it was to-day. Some years ago parents thought if they sent their daughters to a boarding school where these was good air and a dancing master that was all that was required. Then the pre- valent idea was that women had not a mind worth cul- vating, but nnw,fort,:nately, that error had been swept away, and the value of woman's assistance in every branch of work was beginning to be estimated with a near approach to truth. They were accustomed to be dealt out with little compliments, but very little else was given them. (Laughter.) She was of opinion that the vote might be conceded to the womes, and she thoeght that if that were done, the women would know how to use it aright. Women had been very useful in War- rington, as was clearly shown by the report of the association that night. She herself had not been idle, though owing to many other duties she had not been able to do what she would have liked for the association. She hoped the members would not relax their efforts towards influencing the young people with whom they came into contact, to inculcate into their minds a know- ledge of what was right, just and holy. (Applause.) She considered that in the future, religion would be in much closer touch with politics than it was at the present time, and that the question of religion and morality would be much more to the fore. She hoped in con- clusion that everyone there would be encouraged to push forward the good work in which they were engaged and to bring about a better state of things in this country. (Applause.) Mrs. YONGE proposed a vote of thanks to Mrs. Booth and Miss Dutton for their addresses that night. She said that she fully sympathised with women's fran- chise, and thought that they ought to get their rights. She said that she did not want the vote for hcr.elf as long as she had a husband who voted right. (Laughter.) Mrs. GARNETT expressed similar sentiments in second- ing the vote of thanks which was passed unanimously.

A vote of tllanks was also accorded Councillor Pier- point,on the motion of Mrs. ARMITAGE seconded by Mrs. BO@TH.

Councillor PIERPOINT replied, and then suggested that a committee be formed to make arrangements for the prlposed social gathering. He hoped that if one were held, everyone would make it as successful as possible. He would like it to be said that they k,ad held the largest and most successful bazaar which had ever beem held in Warrington, and that they wou1:1 have the largest and best attended social evening which had eve= been organi.ed in Warrington. Mas. PIERPOINT then proposed that a committee be formed, and Mr. C. JACKSON-HOLMES seconded, and the motion was carried.

The following was the committee appointed :—Mra. Armitage, Mrs. H. Roberts, Mrs. Puerpoint,Miss Birchall, Councillor Tinnion,Mr. F. R. Roberts, M.A., L.L.B.,and Mr. C. Jackson Holmes.

This concluded the business of the meeting.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
THEY WERE BRAVE MEN, AND THEY SPOKE OUT HONESTLY WHAT THEY BELIEVED.

Dr. Radcliff was the most celebrated physician of England in Queen Anne's time. He amassed a large fortune, and was for many years the physician to the Queen. For some reason the Queen took a dislike to bias at one time, and dismissed him as court physician. In her last illness, however, she sent for him. He refused to obey the summ)ns, declaring: " Since Her Majesty's ease is so desperate, and her distemper incurable, I hardly think it proper to give her any disturbance in her last moments, so near at hand, but rather let her die as easily as possible." _ _ .

Dr. Fisher, Government Physician, Wuerttemburg, Germany, soisie time ago wrote as follows : " When all other therapeutic agencies had failed, Warner's Safe Cure completely cur' t ..an of my patients suffering from Bright's disease disease of the kidneys." Dr. R. A. Gunn, Dean of the United States Medics/ College, and Editor of the" Medical Tribune," some time since wrote and published a book in which he said: "The ingredients of Warner's Safe Cure are among the most valuable medicines of our materia medica, and the combinatimn is such as to insure the best possible action on the kidneys and urinary organs." There are physicians so skilled, so itidependent, so honest, so true to the conscientious teachings of their noble profession, that they dare tell the truth to Kings or Queens, or the whole world. All honour to them.

A correspondent having called Lord Rosebery's atten- tion to the allegation by the Duke of Westminster that he (Lord Rosebery) was trying to make political capital out of the Armenian question, has received a rep!y its which the leader of the Liberal party says be hopes his letters and his career will speak for themselves. Had he wished to make political capital out of the question it would have been easy enough for him to do so. He advises his correspondent to make allowance " for a. Duke in difficulties."

The manisterial investigation in connectien with the death of Mrs. Westworth, wife of a surgeon-dentist who carried 9n business at 52, Prescot-street in Manchester, was concluded on Monday by the stipendiary magis- trate. Some sharp passages occurred between Dr. Gordon and prisoner's council during the doctor's ex- amination. Deceased's husband, Herbert Westworth, was committed for trial on the capital charge.

THROAT IRRITATION AND Cow:M.—Soreness 'lnd Dryness tickling and irritation, inducing ciugh and affecting the voice. For these symptoms use Epps's Glyc •rine Jujubes. In contact with the glands at the moment they are excited by the act of sucking, the Glycerine in these agreeable con- fections becomei actively healing. Sold only in boxes, nal., tine is. lid., labelled "JAMEB & CO., Ltd., Homceo- pathic Ch.mists, London." Dr. Moore, in his work on "Noce and Throat Diseases," says: "The Glycerine Jujubes prepared by James Hops and as., are or uncoubted service as a curative or palliative agent" while Dr. Gordon Holmes, Senior Physician to the Municipal Throat and !tar Infirmary, writes: "Alter an extended trial. I have found your Glycerine Jujubes of considerable ben fit in almost all forms of 'throat disease."—Advt.

TOBACCONISTS commencing; hid. guide and Catalogue 2;-,9 pages) 3d TOBACCONISTS'OUTFITTING CO.-186, Huston- toad. London. (Mgr), fly. MYERS.

RUPTURR.—Unparalleled Simcese in the treatment of rupture by S. J. SHERMAN, Hernia Specialist, 64, Chancery Lane, London. Write for his new book of full information. 70., post free.—Advt.

COSSITMPTION,

BRONCHITIS AND ASTHMA.

I will demonstrate to the whole world. and to suf- ferers from there unfortunate- maladies, how they can be permanently cured, by an entirely New Method of Treatment, without the chance of failure. Particu- lars" Gratis,' from Mr. WILLIAMS, 11, Burwood place. Norfolk Crescent, London. W.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE,

INVALUABLE FOR. COUGHS, BRONCHITIS & ASTHMA. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE gives Itistant relief iq Coqsumption Diarrhcea, &c. Towle's Cholorodyne. c/zi-, for 24 doses. TAKE nO OTHER.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
h ff/i 67, e/zig w

GIVI4 MSS A.ND 00 vIFOUT DURING TEHTHINCf. Plemant, Cooling Aperient for Children of all Ages. Try, them and prove their value for yourselves. Sold everywhere in packets, is. 10. and 2s. 9.1., or post free 14 or 34 stamps, from cole Proprietors PRITCHARD'S LTD. Ca IST, CHEADLE, MANCHESTER.

*-*** * **-*-* *I * 'How many miles a week.' *, *Charter-d Accountants of the City of * London certify that, last year, BRoOKE, :. BONDS Sal more then ONE-NrNETFENra of * all the Tea consumed in Great Britain. kWh' That means that in every week we sell -- *enongh quarter-lbs. of Tea to make--in * packets plaeed end-to-end—A RIDGE SIXTY- _ TWO MILES LONG, without a gap. Think of liv; *that, and try to realise all it means, when next you buy you one we,kly paeket. YES. WE SELL THIRTY MILLION TEA- * * SPOONFULS OF DRY LEAF-TEA IN EVERY WEEK. A *What does all that prove? I proves * that the British People have proved for themselves that Bilooxx, BoND's TEA is * * the very beet value they can buy. . OUR AGENTS ARE BvERYWRVIIIE and si LI. it at * liir 1/-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, V-, 2/4, & 2/8 a lb. __.6.,' lISC BROOKE, BOND & Co., Ltd. mi- * THE LANCASHIRE TEA WARLdiOUSI'-5 * 17. PICCADILLY, 7.0 9.9, vi amcv,T /, •,,, wi, } 1111.NCIIESTER * I* )11 *.* *-* *. * *

• - 4

===== 0002601_18960125_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
ne "Cyamintr" Riperieo.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. c ming under the following neaa, ire inserted in ALL th above-mentioned Papers for 01.4 CHARGE, as per scale given below. STTUATI@NS WANTED, APARTME7.4 TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PIRTNERSHII WAN..-ED, APARTMENTS WANTED, MONEY WANTED, PECTFIC ARTICLES POE SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os 6d ... 15 3d ... 2s Od 27 38 is Od 2s 6d ... 4s Od 45 15 6d ... 35 FKI ... 6s Od The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 28. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
I,:omattt Andlants, .3ct.

WANTED, HOUSEMAID.—Appy Mrs. THOMPSON, Bridgefield, Halewood. "WANTED Gereral SERVANT, strong, able to wash, help V V given; age 22 or 23.—HIC1s, Sandon Schools, Stone,

===== 0002601_18960125_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
Staffs.

W ANTED at once a good GENERAL—AppIy with refer- . ence by letter 106, IWOBSON STREET, Everton, Liver- "

WANTED, Good GIRL, about 16, fond of Children, geJd home.—Apply 147, STAMFORD-STREET, Brooks' Bar, Manchester.

"W ANTED, Immediately, Good GENERAL, able to wash, no eookiug.good home wages ill3.—Mrs,Woon,9 Wanils Grove, Bramley, Leeds.

COOKS, Housemaids, Nurse., and superior Generals, may be promptly suited at Miss HUDEioN's Hegistry, Irlam- street, Warrington.

WANTED a good strong GIRL for farmhouse, not under 16, good home.—}ans. FosTEß,Beckermonds,Buckden, Skipton, Yorkshire.

SSEVANTS with good referoace WANTED, for all kinds o situations; good wages; no charge till suited.—REGls- TRY. 51, Church-st.,Fgremont. WANTED COOK, (good plain) for the Country near Liverpool. References required.—Mrs. PILKINGTON, Beathfield, Maghull, Lancashire.

wANTED Situation as GROOM or COACHMAN,—Single- handed or otherwise; good referenee.—A, BALDWIN, Holly Bush, Bastnor, near Ledbury.

WANTED. HO U6ENIAID - W AITREob, experienced, Church of England, wages £l6 to £2o,•—Apply by letter to Mrs. CARR, The Firs, Itainhill. -

WANTED, strong YOUTH also GIRL, 15 to 17, able to milk. state wages.—Apply to J. -SMITH, Hillock Farm, Dane-lane, Atherton, Blanchester.

COOK WANTED, one who has been Kitchenmaid under good Cook.— Apply Mrs. BETTS. Croodmoor Grange. Wyre Forest, Kock, Bewdley. _ .

WANTHD, good Plain COOK; £25 ; family 3, six ser- vants ; Protestant.—Apply by letter, Mrs. PRIMP PARK, The Oaks, Penwertham, Preston.

A.NTBD situation as GARDRNER (Head Working),age 30, married, hard-working man, lite experience,iuside and out.—FEßGusox, Middlesex.

ALADY wishes to recontruend a Respe'ttable NURSE, to a young intent or young children; 19 years' reterence. —Apply R. W., The Firs, Egerton Park, Reck Ferry.

izERVANIS Wanting RELIABLE bITUADONS, Call or J Write Miss Kinxnam's, City Registry, 62, Oldham-Bt. Manchester. EstalAished 5'..! years. Stamp reply.

WyANTED, thoroughly respectable Woman as good Plain COOK, in family ot three, little washing, ba.king,not over 30.—Mrs. HARG.AVE, Parbold, near Southport.

410ill'orulisD“ , mahoasrtp,,vsatsrionn.ggGpulltiLouats Gg ENdtliothe , inAPdaurbellcs Mrs, SzaITH, LinenhaltTavern,Watergate-st., Chester. -------- QSRVANT.—WANT, good General, Protestant, must give satisfactory references, only three in tarnily.-- Apply by letter 0n1y,17, 6EFEJN-ROAD, Walton, Liverpool.

--- SERVANT (General) WANTED for the country, Protest ant. plain cook. washing, five in family. nurse kept. NV age.' LIZ, age uot over 25.—Apply 2, PARKER-ST., Liver- pool. _ _

SA.LEi by Private Contracts.—Books for Hand-sellers or Markets ; 6 ewts. of useful Old lii.oks in bags and on the rails for 20s. the Iot.—CRAItLES LOWE, New-street, BirtninghAm. -

ej_ENERAL Servant WANTED, from 20 to 25; strong, plain cooking; no children in fam•ly, washing put out, wages £lO to £l2.—Apply Mas. GRAY. 262, Pictuu-road, Wavertree, Liverpool.

WANTED Plain COOK, experienced, German not ob- jected to ; family two; housemaid kept.—Address, stating age, wages, and reference, to Mrs. NICHoLSOIi, 11, ahe Crescent, Filey, lorkshize.

ALE and FEMALE NURSES aIaTITUTION, 70, Hope- street. Liver pool.—Establ,shed 1878.—For reliable Attenuants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage. apply or telegr‘ph.—•• Nurses," Liverpool. Telephone, 570

ANTED good IiENERAL SERVANT, family of four, a little wa i shng. liberal wages.--Addrebs stating full particulars, Mrs. .aLcuci.C, Queen's-road. Ashton-ou-Mersey, Manchester.

VEMALE of undoubted integrity t 3 assist in light House- work and Bar of a quiet business, no slavery, superior home, will be trmted as one of the family, certain, of wiiich there are only tWO.---11033ERT5, Nag's Head, Upper Brighton, Cheshire. _

INANTED, SITUATION as Coachmtn, thoroughly un- derstands his duties, age 38, married, two ehadrtn, youngest age six years, over t ,ur years' good characi et.— Address TERRY, J. H. ANGUS, Esq., Bidston, Birkenhead. No circulars.

UNDER GARDENER, &c.—Young Man, 24, seeks situa- tion as UN DER-GARDE Nlsl4. or management of small garden ; cow or fowls not object,d to. experienced ; good reterences.—W, READ. Mrs. Fisher, Lowford, Burlesuen, Southampton.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
EriAanttb.

AGENTS WANTED to push first-class Machinery Oils. Liberal Conn:nisei on.—Box 31, Post Office. Liverpool.

A GENTS WANTIsD everywhere, big commission, no risk either sex, whols or spare time.—lisaita, Printer

Crewe. WANTED, Sufferers from Lumbago or Dropsy to send 14 stamps for certain cure. J. AbiIWORTH, Buxt,ol

CLl9rlg: WAIITD at once two apprentices to the Confectionery business. High class trade. Premium required.—L. "Examiner '' Office, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
-w..

A GENTS WANTED for Itwbb,r Stamps; whole or sptire thn ; beet Goods ; exeptional value.— UPPLIIGToN'S FACTOitY, Wine Office Cold, Loudon, &O.

E- ---- LBCICAL ENGINEBRING.—Thorough practical ' TU theoretical trkining ; board and reaideuce, moderate terms.—PRINCIPAL, Salway College, Leyton, ]sex.

I3AKBR'S Man seeks a situation as BAKER, well up in trade, 12 years, experience, age 26, good referecces.— .6.6lPllLETT,Bastonford, Yowick, Worcestershire.

. g OBIOCONISTS .sonamencing; Guide and Catalozn• 1 (2.59 pages) 3d.--Tun.i.ccoNlsTs' OuTFirrliso Co., 186 Euston-road, London. Ebt. 1866 ; Manager, My. MYERS.

%IBA c I I TEAI II WANTED, reeponsible AGENTS I. to push this. celebrated KEYSTONE :LEAS, in town and oeuntrv.—Apply PLAsr-ihn. 67 Brook.st.. -Kennington' ...London. S.E. •

CHOP WANTED by large Grocery Firm, must be in bes, 5 positloti of principal marketing thoroughfare of t, Helens. Give full farticulars 01 measurement, tease, rental ,tc., to Box 1412, SELLe Auvertising Offices, London, HAI

a to 255. A WEEK, salary offered to either 10S. D. sex (for spare hours), everywhere. The, work can be done ev.mings.-7-Apply. enclosing addressed (irk- velope, to Y. PAYNTER, & Co. (e. 25), Albert House, St. Mary Church, Torquay.

TO 255. WEEKLY SALARY offered, work can be done CP evenings, at home, by either sex, no canvassing, .valu- able. Sample and instructions, is. (returnable unless appointed), thoroughly reliable.—MAzElt AND CO. (W), -Crantrook Park,--London (N).

AGIINTS required in unrepresented districts for the Imperiai Live Stock Insurance Association, Limited. Established 1878, Horses, Cattle, &c., Insured against Death from Accident and Disease. Claims Paid, nearly £1,,;0.0.0. —Address Mr, B. S. Essia, Manmger. 17, Pall Mall Bast. Lonaon, S.W.

WANTED. Smart energetic Mb'N of unquestionable char- acter and ability as whole or spare time agents for the British Homes Investment Corporation, Limited. To whole or spare time men this affords a sp:endid opening for thrift and progress.—Apply by letter with full particulars to No. 217, Hiumwsnaw-noAD, Heyside, Royton. No notice will be tak-:11 of habitual applicants.

• RUPTURE. UN PA BAUBLE]) SUCCESS IN THE TREATMENT OF RUPTURE BY S. J. SH ERMAN. HERNIA. SPECIALIST, 64, CHANCBRY-LANE, LONDON. Write for his new book of full information. Md. poet free.

$4.

earriagez,

HOO . P R itrD I M MOS COACH BUILDBRS, 6, BLATER-STE/11M, LIVBRPOOL High class GARKLatiIIS a Moderate Prieeb. flood Stock -0 select from. listlmatf,s for Repairs giveu free. The best a work only. tieveral Good Second-Hand Broughams, Landaus. Victoria, Wagonettes, and Phaetons. now for dale or Hire.,

BBASS PLATES, Rubber Stamps, Brands, Stencil Plates &c.—CHARLEs R. HILL. 53 Paradise-st., Liverpool.

-ILIDIGRAVING on Gold, bilver, Ivory, &e., name or initials 12/ 6d.. with address is. Brass Vales for all purposes.— COWEN, 50, !Sir Thomas-st., Whitechapel, Liverpool.

SEND TWO STAMPS FOR WIFE'S 1300 Ii.

Sixteen ptges of valuable infarmation and advice. ear ecie.lly t) Married Ladies. Recommended by Eminent Physicis.us.

D. BALFOUR, M.L.. Central Disoenserv, 174, Kingsland-road, London, N. Con- sultations free daily. Advice by letter.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINEE, SATURDAY, JANUARY 25, 1896.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0041.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
sttatliantauq.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0042.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
filontp.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Etbr=&tork, Szr.

DON'T CuUGH-JUST USE

DON'T COUGH-JUST USE

"A SIMPLE Rini. Ask throughout the world in any country that can be named, you will find KEATING'S LOZENGES largely sold. There is absolutely no remedy that is so speedy in giving relief, se certain to cure, and yet the most delicate can take them. KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES.

&1z DOCTOR WILL TELL YOU" there is no ,)ettet Cough Medicine than REATING'6 LOZENGES. tine gives relief; they teat eure , and they will not injure your heath .cold every where in 130. tins. THE UNRIVALLED REMEDY,

-T RE NRIVAL LED REMEDY.

OalE5 bp lurtton.

BY MR. WILLIAM ELLIS.

Co be Let.

SMITH'S FAMOUS PIANOS 34, OXFORD-STREET. ; 83. PICCADILLY, . MA NCHESTER. 179, OXFORD-STREET, 102 and 104. PIN SrONE STREET, SHEFFIELD. 90, DUKE-STREET, BARROW-IN-FURNESS. Without doubt the best and cheapest house for Pianos or • Organs by all the great makers. PIANOS at,lts. 6d. Monthly }TILL PAID FOR. ORGANS at be. 6d. Monthly Second-hand Instruments at Lower Rates. Delivered free anywhere on payment of first month's hire Send for Price List (post free), or whAt is better still. Call on t MITH personally, ti,y day up to 7 p.m.; Saturday. 8 P.m.

SMITH'S NEW "LIFE INSURANCE" SCHEME. Every instrument on SMITH'S Hire System is insured free of charge during the hiring, to the extent of the full value of the instrument, ant should the hirer's death ensue In the meantime the instrument will be absolutely made over to e nearest relative of the hirer without any further payment whatever, no matter what the amount still owing may be.pfovic.led there are no arrears of hire at the time. No addition whatever is made to the ordinary price. rlhis is a perfectly genuine scheme, and there is no trick or catch about it.

pLEYEL'S P 1 ANOS. The Pianos for the present and future generations. Our tuners report these instruments, without exception, to be the finest in tone and touch th4t they have ever tuned. Thelfavourite instrument of Chopin, the Piano Poet, who would play upon no other make. OBLIQUB, List Price 68 GUINEAS. 33 1-3 per cent. off for cash, or 20 per ceut. off on the hire system.

Sole Agents: SMITH'S. At MANCHESTER 34, OXFORD-ST., 83, PICCADILLY, :4nd 179, OXFORD-ST. 102 and 104. PINSTONE CT.. SHEFFIELD. 90, DUKE-STRBET, BARROW-IN-FURNESS.

• WOR'zLEY, THE PANTLIO' GAYTHORN, MANCHESTER.

CLOSE Tr) CENTRAL STATION. HOURS OF BUSINESS, 9 TO 7 EVERY DAY.

OVER RE L E 221, s

2,00( Redud 1,50( Redud Fine BROO tion. Mag COST]

' certify rated doublE valuat duce a heavy damp this .s 9 returr Exch., 'GBOI

.reliab tor he unbre hunt' -.Proof

OEu'ri ruby Ugli tnain, idarap Make a £l4 Gunk ja]

2€ pure costi, able with ours mad( GI

£`' • _heat eme; say,

.......: 2' Wall goal a ple Pay

_ first enla exti sevl

will be ; fresh of his sill be t our until

I view. 5, £3O. 5, 220, mpaet, :kly 'to at the It free' . 6 Per

the re- sible tO to The urnisb- fit you Come

, be-lovf :o clear. tout the ' priCeS• a 22 to aollatd, end for all the

). Solid Ged Bed - A lot Spring money.

Spier price,* r priees• eduction rders for what 15

tchester. are con' tture in. Bedroora d at £5. Liedrooni d in bas of full), s. Towel I for 217 Suite. sold else a Wash ounding at 20s to rith sur- second- ranging money. and itt

3uiteo a Suite. lin it. teboa A 100- each. Lahogatil btlas ralue. A of FancY -HAND

22 10s. try, fro° 20s. ; w TaPes- from 15* m 2s. 6cl• 6d. Sin, [ns, fr°-"A eta, au—

__------.-.....

rtiEol4'

===== 0002601_18960125_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Mc DOUGALL'S PATE yt SELPIt A ISING FLOUR onct Tian ALWAYS USW])

lineage, and traditions, stand as brothers, shoulder to shoulder, in the interests of humanity by a :union compelling peace." Just the evening before that speech was made Rear-Admiral GHERARDI of the United States Navy had spoken in a somewhat similar strain to a gathering of military and naval officers. "The English," said he, "are just as stubborn as our- selves and just as proud. We have inherited these traits from them. I can assure you that England will fight, but the last people whom she wishes to fight are ourselves." This gallant officer's references to the Venezuelans, were not so complimentary. He described them as" a race as despicable and ungrateful as ever lived," and added, "these South Americans do not like us. You cannot trust their word." It may be seen therefore that England is not without her friends and admirers in the United States. They have not lately been so much to the front as those on the other side, but they seem to be coming to the front. It is, in fact, just possible that the sub- stantial benefit of a better understanding may be the result of a disagreement which at one time portended nothing but evil.

ALL who are connected with the The Iron Trade. important iron industry of this country will be interested in c. report which has been prepared on German and Belgian competition. The report is the result of a visit to the countries named by a delegation or- ganised by the British Iron Trade Association. I The delegation consisted of fourteen persons— seven employers and seven representative work- men. Its business was to ascertain the reasons for the steady increase in the exportations of German and Belgian iron to India, to the Colonies, and to Great Britain herself while the home produce was stationary or actually receded. It may at once be said that the delegation has been to a large extent successful in its lahours. It has gathered a great deal of interesting and valuable informa- tion witk regard to the conditions under which the iron industry is carried on in Germany and Belgium. It is able to prove too that if Great Britain is being out-distanced in the race it is due to causes which can, and which should, be removed. What, then, are the advan- tages which the foreigners enjoy P Many people will perhaps be disposed to say that the foreign employer has less wages to pay. But this repprt does not lay any stress on the ques- tion of wages. In Belgium the wages are lower than those paid in England, but then as far as Germany is concerned, and it is getting to be much the more formidable competitor,there is :not the difference of wages that is usually supposed to exist. And in Germany there is not the same extreme of wages—of exorbitantly high payments on the one hand and of correspondingly poor wages on the other. German exployers are also handicapped in a way that English employers are not, for they are compelled by law to subscribe to pension, benefit, and accident funds,sand this:they 'say is a rather serious burden on the iron industry. But,if not in wages, in railway carriage the foreigners have a very commanding advantage. The rates for long distances are about half, or less than half, those the British manufacturer has to pay. A Belgian manufacturer can, for instance, send his iron to Antwerp by rail and thence by sea to London for considerably less than the railway rate from Staffordshire to London. A. still more remarkable instance is given. One of the largest works in Germany situated more than 150 miles from a shipping port, can reach Antwerp by rail for 3s. 6d. per ton of finished iron or steel, whereas similar produce transported from works in the Midlands for a similar distance would be charged about three times as much by the English railway companies. The disparity in this respect is, in fact, so great that the delegation are of opinion that if English manufacturers enjoyed the same railway rates and royalties as those existing on the Continent foreign competition could be defied in neutral markets. In shipping,. too, the British producer is handicapped as " combinations and monopolies which exist among English ship- ping firms have been:used to maintain higher rates of freight from London and Liverpool than are charged for the same service on the Continent." High praise is bestowed upon the equip- ment of the German and Belgian works; the machinery and arrangements being in some cases superior to what can be seen in this country. On the other hand this country has some import- ant advantages in its supply of raw material—coal and iron ore. In Germany coal has often to be carried long distances, and in Belgium the cost of fuel is higher and the quality inferior. On the whole, therefore, it may be said that this report is not by any means hopelessly discouraging. It is clear that the British iron industry can still more than hold its own if certain shackles be removed. Now that the real obstacles which stand in the way of trade expansion have been clearly exposed it may be expected that a strong and united effort will be made to remove them.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF PRINCE HENRY OF

BATTENBERG.

We regret to state that Prince Henry of Battenberg, the husband of Princess Beatrice, died at sea on Monday evening last of relapsed African fever. The sad news was entirely unexpected in Court and official circles. When his Royal Highness went on. board her Majesty's ship Blonde , t Cape Coast Castle on Friday last week the attack of fever from which he had then been suffering for eight days was running a normal course. The patient's strength was fairly well maintained, and Surgeon Captain Hilliard, who has accompanied the Prince from Kwisa to the co tat, had not the least cause for objecting to the proposal that his Royal Highness should be sent to Madeira to recuperate. Acting on cabled instructions from London, Surgeon Captain Hilliard himself accom- panied the Prince on board her Majesty's ship Bionde,and took sole charge of the patient. It was confidently expectel that the sea breezes on the voyage and the balmy air of Madeira would speedily restore Prince Henry to health. The Prince was taken on board the Blonde on Friday morning with every possible care and precau- tion, and he did not appear to suffer in any way from the exertion. Soon after leaving Cape Coast Castle,how- ever, the fever assamed a more serious form, complica- tions eventually ensued, and his Royal Highness suc- cumbed quite painlessly an the evening of the 20th. The Blonde at once put back to Sierra Leone, where she arrived on Wednesday morning. From all quarters Princess Beatrice and the Queen continue to receive messages of spmpathy and condo- lence. A bulletin was posted at Osborne on Thursday stating that the Queen and the Princess, " although well in health, are overwhelmed with grief at their sudden and unexpected bereavement." The Blonde, with the body of Prince Henry on board, left Sierra Lorne on Thursday for England: It is expected that she will arrive abut the 7th February. The Prince is to be buried at Windsor, and will be given a military funeral. A special edition of the London " Gazette" on Thursday night announced that the court was to go into mourning until March 5.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
GROUNDING OF A STEAMER AT RUNCORN.

On Thursday morning the steamer Gulf of Siam from Brisbane for Manchester grounded in the Ship Canal at Runcorn. Tugs were immediately brought into requisi- tion, and thy succeeded in towing her off after a short delay. She then proceeded to Manchester where she will be examined.

STOVES.—Iron Merchant, GARLAND, Bridg3-street HOUSEHOLD LINES, hemmed and marked, free of charge and W. Duutou, Sankey-st , Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
L4:O RI,J AND COMPANY (i)pp,ite Crane and Sons), SCO A N D-ROAD, LIV ERPOOL. pass Door.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
THE latest reports from the other An Improved side of the Atlantic seem to in- Situation. dicate that the worst part of the Jingo fever there is now over. In cases of this kind there is, of course, always the danger of a relapse when the disorder may rage even more virulently than before. But, on the whole, it is only reasonable to expect that no such relapse will take place in the present case. The Amerians have had an opportunity of announcing their Monroe doctrine and they have done so with extraordinary vigour and emphasis, and they are beginning to see that great Britain of allcountries has,and never has had, any intention of treating that doctrine with anything but the utmost respect. They—or at least many of them—are beginning to realise ' too that the danger to peace did not spring from any aggressive purposes which this country had in Venezuela, but rather from the amazingly undip- lomatic menaces of President CLEVELAND himself. The new feeling is being voiced in many ways. Even in the Senate itself a member of the Re- publican party, Mr. WALCOTT, has spoken out in a very pronounced fashion. He denounced Mr. OLNEY'S letter to Mr. BAYARD as "almost in- cendiary," and the President's Message as " glow- ing with the possibilities of war." The Venezuelan Commission he condemns as "more a menace than a guarantee of peace." In the opinion of Senator WALCOTT, President CLEVELAND has been playing with dangerous weapons, for he has appealed to feelings of hostility against Great Britain which have been fostered by many politi- cal leaders in order to distract attention from domestic discontent. This, it seems, has been carried to such an extent that " there exists in the breasts of millions of citizens an antagonism to Great Britian so rampant that all judgment is- unheeded." There can ba no doubt that this feel ing of antagonism to this country exists to a very great extent in the States. It has been spoken of by all sorts of people—by observing and thinking workmen like Mr. H. WHITHAM, whose interesting articles appear from time to time in the "Examiner," and by other writers and speakers who have mixed closely with all sections of the American people. It is the presence of this hostile feeling in the States which made Mr. CLEVELAND'S message a real danger to peace, and it is this feeling that has to be reckoned for in such crises as the present. On the other hand it is quite evident that there is a very large number of Americans whose disposition towards the old country is of quite a different character. For instance, the following fine passage from SENATOR WALCOTT'S speech of Wednesday will be read with unmingled pleasure in this country "When I read" said the eloquent Senator, " that France, Germany, and Russia are allied against Great Bsitain, arid that the people of the British isles, in defence of what they deem their rights, are marshalling armies and assembling navies ready and undaunted to face the world in arms, unyielding and unafraid, I thank God I am of that race. Blood is thicker than water, and until a just quarrel divides us, which heaven forbid, may these two great nations of the same speech

===== 0002601_18960125_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

THE VOLUNTEER MEDAL. In the list of the fourth award of the Volunteer long service medal, the following are mentioned as recipients in connection with the 22nd V.B. Cheshire :—Private W. Brown, Corporal W. Jones. Privates W. Stretch, T. Woods.

RUNCORN COUNTY COURT.

Ae the sitting OlThis Court on Tuesday before his Honour, Judge Wynne Ffoulkes, there were no disputed cases of public importance. The summary of business is as follows :-7 original summonses, 1 default sum- mons, and 15 judgment summonses. THE BEGGING NUISANCE.

- At Runcorn Police Court on Wednesday morning before Mr. E. Imison, another case of begging was dealt with. The defendant was Thomas Hopkins, and he was committed to Knutsford prison for seven days hard labour for begging in Cawley-lane. HALTON-ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH, RUNCORN. The annual collections on behalf of the trust funds of this charch,were taken on Sunday. The preachers were —morning, the Rev. C. de P. Gliddon, and evening, the Rev. W. George. The choir rendered special anthems. Miss Clara Taylor gave a very effective rendering of the recitative " Holy Virgin shall conceive," and the solo "Oh thou that tellest." Mr. G. S. Frith presided at the organ.

BETHESDA CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH.

At this church on Sunday on the occasion of the " pleasant evening" service, the pastor (Rev. J. Simp- son) delivered a short address on "Take care of number oae." Miss Simkin gave a beautiful rendering of a solo and Mr. Outhwaite played a selection on the euphonium. The choir gave an excellent interpretation of the anthem " Jean, word of God incarnate," Mr. C. le Couteur pre- siding at the organ. There was a large congregation. COMING OF AGE REJOICINGS. On Tuesday evening a party of upward of forty rela- tives and friends assembled at the residence of Mr. Matthew Sweetman,Urban Bistrict Councillor,to celebrate the coming of age of his daughter, Annie. The proceed- ings were of a most enjoyable character. Numerous toasts were proposed and duly honoured, and vocal and instrumental music was contributed by members of the party. Miss Sweetman was the recipient of numerous presents. For NAMI4 131100C1-188, solid env er name brooches 10/d. (any name) Government stamped. Presents or Articles for yourself, you may visit DEBERT'S, 10, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL, where :you can get hundreds of articles such as Watches, Clocks, Jewellery, Electro-Plate, Cutlery. Purses, Pocket Knives, etc., at wholesale prices. bee advertisement (Illustrated Chron- grar3, Watch, 6s. 11d., etc.), on page 7 of this Paper. -Addt IMPROVEMENTS AT RUNCORN POLICE COURT. A sub-committee of the Cheshire Standing Joint Com- mittee have under consideration the alteration and en- largement of the police court, &c. It is proposed to pull down the quarters now occupied by the Inspector and to erect on the curve in Mersey-street a new and com- modious courthouse, &c., with a stone front, and con- struct new cells underneath. The present court room will be converted into a parade room for the constables. 'The work is expected to cost some thousands of pounds.

CAMDEN SEWING MEETING. On Thursday evening last, the annual gathering in connection with Camden Wesleyan Mother's Sewing Class was held. when about 100 sat down to tea provided by the President, Mrs. R. Morris. Mrs. Santley in the name of the members presented Mrs. Morris with a splendid edition of the Teacher's Bible. Many ot the members spoke highly of the spiritual good they had re- ceived during the past year, and hoped the President might be long spared to continue her useful work. Mrs. Morris suitably responded, thanking the donors for the kindness extended to her. SERIOUS BURNING ACCIDENT. On Monday evening, a child 6 years of age named Sarah Lizzie Bostock, daughter of Mr. Alan Bastock, Porter-street, Runcorn, received serious burning injuries. It appears that she went to herluncle's house,a few yards away, and whilst warming her hands opposite the fire, her pinafore caught Are and she was burnt abcut the face, throat, and hands. The fire was speedily extin- guished and the child conveyed home. Dr. McKenzie was called in, and is still attending the child who lies in a serious condition.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT SATURDAY EVENINGS.

The usual Pleasant Saturday evening entertainment inaugurated by the Runcorn Women's Temperance As- sociation was held in the Brunner Guild Hall. There was a good attendance. The chair was occupied by Mr. T. Reynolds. After devotional exercises by the Rev. W. George, an interesting programme was gone through- Songs were given by Mrs. Stubbs, Misses K. Carter, Wil• son, S. P. Hayes,and Bessie Harrop ; Messrs. T. Charles. ton, and Parry. Mr. Hulse contributed a couple of re- citations, Mr. T. Parry gave a reading, and Mr. A. Povah played two violin solos. The programme was greatly enjoyed. Coffee and buns were dispensed. The meetings so far, have been very encouraging. RUNCORN POLICE COIIRT. _ _

At Runcorn Police Court on Friday morning, before ' Messrs. F. J. Norman and E. Imison, two well-known characters in the persons of Ellen Moran and Margaret Connolly made their appearance for being drunk and disorderly in Mersey-square at midnight. Having been repeatedly convicted, Moran was sent to gaol for a month, and Connelly was ordered to undergo 21 days' incarceration.—On Saturday morning, a sailor named William Coe put in an appearance before Mr. E. Imison for being drunk and disorderly in High-street, at a late hour the previous night. Constable Gregory proved the case, and a fine of n F.and 7s. 4d. casts was imposed. R UNCORN FREE _LIBRARY.

On Tuesday evening in the Council Chamber at the Town Ball, the usual meeting ot the Runcorn Free Library Committee was held. Mr. William Handley pre- sided, and there were also present :—Messrs. S. Pope, W. J. Cunningham, T. Riley, and W. Bankinson. The librarian's monthly report was read showing that the total number of books issued during December was 1984, being 1949 issued in the lending department and •35 in the reference department. This is an increase of 102 when compared with the issues in the corresponding month last year. rhe following gifts were acknowledged: by Mr. William Handley " Shaw's Life of William Greg- son ; " by the author,. Rev. C. Voysey "Theism as a science of natural religion ; " by the author,George Col- burn, "Poems of mankind and nature." It was de- cided that the thanks of the committee should be for- warded to the following gentlemen for their lectures on authors and their books :—Mr. J. Wilding, Rev. J. S. Simpson, and Mr. J. J. Ogle. and also to the respective chairmen. It was also resolved that a new edition of Kelly's directory of Cheshire and Liverpool should be purchased. On the proposition of Mr. Pope, seconded by Mr. Hankinson it was agreed that the attention of the District Council should be drawn to the dingy colour of walls and ceiling of the reading rooms,with a request for renovation. This concluded the business of the meet- ing.

Re NCO RN CO-OFR.IIAV VII SOCIETY. On Saturday, the last day for the receipt of nomina- tions by the sec retary of this society for the election of members of the Management Committee, it was found that only eight nominations had been made, and as eight vacancies occurred,there is now no necessity for a. contest as was first anticipated. Therefore at the forth- coming half-yearly meeting the following will be de- clared duly elected :—Runcorn : MeserseToseph Stubbs, Joseph Leadstone, John James Bowyer, and James Moores : Widnes; Messrs. Thomas Cosier, William Wil- iam, George F. Dean, and John Hartles. The treasurer and secretary by the new rules having been appointed permanent officers,the annual meeting will be relieved from their election. Hitherto the nominations have been made at the meetings of the members, and the se- lections have been the result of a show of hands. Now it is laid down that the committee shall consist of 12, that every six months three go out of office by rotation, that nomination papers be obtainable at the various branches, that they be issued 2.1 days before the half- yearly or annual meetings, that they be returned to the secretary within seven days, that the list of nominated persons be posted in the branch establishments, and, if necessary, that the election be conducted by ballot, vot- ing being conducted at the shops at Runcoro, Weston, Frodsham, Widnes, and Appleton. In consequence of another rule to the effect that members having relatives at the stores shall be ineligible, as well as the addition to the committee, there were eight vacancies to be filled on the present occasion. SAD DEATH OF A FOHIERR RUNCORN FOOTBALLER. The remains of the late Mr. Henry Atherton, aged 42 years, a native of Runcorn who died suddenly at Pres- ton Station last Thursday, were interred in the burial ground connected with Bethesda Congregational Church on Sunday afternoon, in the presence of a large com- pany. The deceased who was a memb.r of an old Run- corn family had resided in his native town until about three years ago when he left for America in company with several others to assist in the establishment of the new chemical works there by Messrs. Mathieson, who owned works at Widnes. He returned just before' Christmas on a holiday and resided with his sister at 27, Pembroke-place, Liverpool. On Thursday last when returning from a visi.; to Edinburgh where he had been to see a relative, he suddenly expired at Preston Railway Station. He a'; one time took a very active part in con- nection with the Runcorn Rugby Football Club, and as a splendid forward player he did much to bring the Run- corn club into the prominent position it now occupies. He played in company with such well-known Runcorn players as Messrs. William Wright," Ferry " Bate, Joule, Tudor, Bennett, Hoffiend, Broady and H. Hughes and many lovers of the game will remember his abilities. The funeral possession was jeined in by a number of rela- tives, friends, and past and present playing members of the Runcorn club. The following were the bearers : Messrs. William Wrieht, H. Hughes, G. Wainwright, James Clarke, J. Heffiend, W. H. Broady, H. Andrews. and William Faulkner. Succeeding the coffin were : Alessrs.George and John Atherton (brothers). John Stan- way (brother-in-law), John Starr, Harper, W. Stan way Harry and Frank Atherton (nephews), Robert Merriless (brother-ba-law), J. Jolly, Thomas White, S. Johnson, P. Deakin, James James, E. Hankinson, T. Johnson, and T. Laws (Widnes Football Club.) The Rev. J. S. Simpson was the officiating minister, end he spoke a few words upon the suddenness with tech the deceased had been called away, and urged all to be pre- pared for the Divine call.

MARINERS' CHURCH MISSION, RUNCORN. There was a very encouraging attendance at the weekly entertainment provided in this mission on Mon- day evening. Mr. Jones presided and a varied pro- gramm9 was provided. Songs were well rendered by the Misses Temple, Miss A. Turner, Miss A. Hill, Miss M. Hill, Messrs. Shingler, Stansby, Gibson and Crossley. A duet was given by the Misses A. and M. Hill, and piano- forte solos by Mr. and Mrs. Garner. A pleasant evening was spent. RUNCORN CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR SOCIETIES. On Wednesday evening a social gathering of the united societies of Christian Endeavour at Runcorn was held in the United Methodist Free Church Schoolroom, when about 70 persons were present, representing the three societies in the town. The Rev.J.Stafford presided. Papers were read by Mr. Lacy and Mr. Richardson. Songs were contributed by Miss Holford,Mrs.John StubbsiMiss Guy, and Miss Heatherington. Mr. Le Couteur gave a piano- forte solo,and Miss Myles recited. Games were afterwards engaged in, and light refreshments were served.

- - BRUNSWICK MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY. The meetings of this society recommenced on Wed- nesday evening when there was a good attendance. Mr. Simister presided,and made a few introductory remarks. Mr. John Littler read a most interesting and instructive paper on " Independence," and the discussion which followed was taken part in by Messrs. A. Dodd, D. Bis• brown,P. T. Lawton, and J. H. Darlington. The essay- ist's services were acknowledged on the proposition of Captain Anderton, seconded by Mr. G. Hughes.

ST. PAUL'S WESLEYAN CHOIR. The annual choir tea meeting connected with St. Paul's Wesleyan Church took place at Riley's Cafe, on Wednes- day evening. About 50 sat down to partake of the excellent repast provided. A good programme of songs, recitations and glees, was afterwards gone through. Vocal selections were given by Miss Simkin,Miss Birkett, Miss Baker, Messrs. Morris, Birkett, Robert Eden, Harrison, B. Crosby, Evans and Parry. Games were afterwards engaged in. At the conclusion a cordial vote of tharks was passed to Mrs. Riley for the admirable manner in which she had catered. Much of the success of the tea was due to Mr. J. H. Kirkham, the secretary to the choir. MERSEY MISSION TO SEAMEN. There was again a large attendance at the weekly entertainment provided in the Seamen's Institute en Tuesday evening. Mr. Shaw (missionary) presided and heartily welcomed the large number of sailors present. A. programme of vocal and instrumental music, and readings was well given. There were songs by Mrs. Roscoe, Mrs. Cavanagh, the Misses Temple, Miss Douglas, Mr. T. Wood, Mr. Kinsey,Mr. Veale and Mr. H. Darling- ton. Miss C. Shaw cleverly performed a pianoforte solo, and readings were given by Mr. A. Waterworth, and Mr. W. Byfield. An enjoyable evening's entertainment con- cluded with the usual vote of thanks to those who had contributed to the programme. PRESENTATION TO A FREEMASON. An interesting presentation was made at the gather- ing in connection with the Ellesmere Lodge ot Free- , masons' No. 758, Runcorn, on Thursday evening last. Bro. A. Salkeld, W.M., presided, and there were visiting brethren from Frodsham, Liverpool, Warrington, North- wich, Cornwall, and Stoke-on-Trent present. The W.M., on behalf of the members, asked Bro. T. Annett, P.P.G.T., P.M., secretary, to accept a very handsome dinner and tea service for Mrs. Annett, and to convey to her the hearty thanks and best wishes of the brethren of the Lodge, and the hope that she would be spared many years to use the articles. Be spoke of the services of Bro. and Mrs. Annett, who for nine years had laboured assiduously in the interests and well-being of the Lodge. —Bro. Annett very feelingly replied.—After an excellent supper the usual loyal and masonic toasts were honoured the addresses being interspersed with musical item,ll

FOUND ON THE PREIIISES.

At Runcorn Police Court on Tuesday morning before Mr. James Handley, a lad, 15 years o't age, named Henry Malvern, 56, Cooper-st., was charged with having been found on the premises of Matthew Thomas, 2, New-st., for an unlawtul purpose on the previous day. Mrs. Thomas deposed that on the previous day she locked up the premises about three o'clock, and went to assist at Mr. Hill's heuse in the preparations for a funeral party. Being short of a carving knife, she returned to her house and was surprised to And the door open. She heard someone moving about upstairs and shouted, but got no reply. On going upstairs she found prisoner in the front bedroom, and saw that he had opened several drawers. She asked him what he was doing there, but he ran off. She followed him to an open field at the back of the pre- mises when he called her names and made use of bad language. Information was given to the police and the prisoner was apprehended by P.C. Gregory. He now pleaded guilty, but offered no explanation why he was there. He was committed to prison for five days.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
CHESHIRE GRAND DIVISION- SONS OF TEMPERANCE.

The annual meeting in connection with the above order was held in the Temperance Mission Hall, George- street, Chester, on Monday. The meeting opened at 10 o'clock a.m., a goodly number of representatives being present from Chester, Runcorn, Winsford, North- wich, Crewe, and Weston. After the ordinary business as per ritual, the committee who have bad charge ot framing a code of new rules gave their report, and the rules were placed in the bands of the members. Per- mission was given to the Earl of Chester division to ex- tend the order into North Wales. The election of officers then took place with the following result :—Grand Patriarch presiding officer,Mr. Tnomas J. Holt, Runcorn; grand associate, Mr. J. Ford, Weston ; gr..nd chaplin, Mr. J. Noden, Winsford ; grand conductot, Mr. Philip Leicester; Northwich grand sentinel,:Mr. J.Dunbavand, Weston; auditors,Mr. James Johnson, Runcorn. and Mr. J. Hamilton, Chester; trustee, Mr. T. Heesom ; grand secretary, Mr. Edward Kay, Runcorn; grand treasurer, Mr. John Jones, Runcorn. THEFT FROM A BOARD SCHOOL AT RUNCORN. An elderly woman named Mary Plant, I,Penketh-lane, Runcorn, was charged at the Police Court, on Thursday morning before Messrs. E. Imison and S. Taylor, with stealing a child's jacket, value 5a., from Granville-at. Board schools the previous day, belonging to Sarah Douglas, 4, Leinster Gardens.—Florence Douglass a scholar at the schools, gave evidence as to hanging the jacket in one of the classrooms about nine o'clock in the morning of the previous day. She did not see it, again until brought to her by the police. Mrs. Dluelas identified the jacket as her property.—Miss Littler, schoolmistress at Granville-at. school, stated that she was informed by Florenm Douglas that her jacket was missing. She instituted inquiries and found that a woman had been to the school, and information was conveyed to the police.—Thomas Brown, assistant at Lightfoot's pawnshop, stated that the prisoner tried to pledge the jacket for 2s. 6d.—P.C. Gregory apprehended her in the shop with the jacket in her possession.—ln reply to the charge she acknowledged taking it, and stated that it was through her husband who was drink- ing and only worked three days a week. There was no food in the house.—The magistrates said they would take a lenient view of the case, and would send her to Knutsford for seven days without hard labour. Sr. PAUL'S MEN'S BIBLE CLASS.—ANNUAL MEETING. On Monday evening in connection with the Bible class referred to above, the annual meeting was held in Brunswick schoolroom. Tea was provided, after which a programme of a varied character was gone through. The tea tables were presided over by Mrs. and Miss Crosby, Mrs. Comes, Mrs. G. Millington, Mrs. T.Cooke, and Mrs.J.Dutton. The room had been most tastefully decorated for the occasion by Messrs. Leach, Crosby,and Cooke, the plants which were used having been kindly lent by Mr.Nancollis. The president of the class (Mr.B. Kniveton) occupied the chair at the meeting, and in the course of a few remarks, in referring to the success of the clasp, stated that the average attendance exceeded forty. Mr.Millington also made a few remarks in which he acknowledged the services of many friends in con- nection with it. The election of officers was then pro- ceeded with, and resulted as follows :—President, Mr. Kniveton ; secretary, Mr. G. Millington ; treasurer, Mr. Knowles ; committee, Messrs. Crosby, William Riley, Hughes, Coventry, Thomas and William Cooke. The latter gentleman was also appointed organist. An in- teresting programme was then gone through,songs being rendered by Miss Birkett, Miss Alice Cooke, Messrs. A. Shingler,John Leathwood ,Charles Atherton,John Birkett, Wesley Cooke, and B. Crosby. A duet was also given by Mr. and Mrs. Leathwood ; and a pianoforte duet by Miss Cooke and Mr. William Cooke.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FREE LIBRARY LECTURES.

" WORDSWORTH."

In one of the art rooms at Runcorn Technical Institute 1 on Friday evening, another of the lectures promoted by the Runcorn Free Library Committee, was given. Mr. J. J. Ogle, of Bootle, was the lecturer, and the subject was " Wordswoirth." Mr. IV. J. Cunningham occupied the chair, and he was supported on the platform by Messrs. William Handley, S. Pope, T. Riley and J. D. Jones (Librarian). Mr. Ogle in the course of his remarks said there were vary few incidents of a telling character to relate with regard to Wordsworth. His life was very peaceful, aa peaceful as that of our Alfred the Great, the poet laureate, who, he was sorry to say, had now as succevor Alfred the little. (Laughter.) Wordsworth was born it) 1770, and there were many great poets born about that time. Cowper was then hardly in his prime, and after they had read some of Wordsworth's work they would find that Wordsworth was indebted to Cowper for many ideas. After referring to Words- worth's successful college career at Cambridge, he al- luded to the poet's visit to Fran,:e, then in the tumult of excitements which ended in the French revolution. On his return to England in 1792, he settled in Dorsetshire, and afterwards in Somersatslaire, but it was not until 1798, when he was 28 years of age, that he published his most important works. They would find that Words- worth did his most important work between the years 1798-1808. He, however, wrote in such a different strain from that which was fashionable that there were very few who could appreciate his poetry. In 1839, Oxford conferred the degree of doctor upon him, and in 1813 he was appointed poet laureate, a position he held for' nine years,when he was succeeded by Soutney. Many regardeo, Wordsworth as a poet of natural scenery,but if he had not been a poet of men as well as of nature, he would not be one of the greatest poets. He was more Catholic in his treatment of things than most poets. The lecture was it may be added, an intensely interesting one,and many examples of the poet's work were quoted.

SHIP CANAL AND RUNCORN COUNCILS.

THE CLOSING OF TIDAL OPENINGS.:

- When the new Ship Canal Bill was introduced a short time ago, steps were taken by local authorities to ascer- tain how it might affect the neighbourhood if passed by Parliament, It was found that one of the chief points in the Bill was the c!osing of the tidal openings at Elles- mere Port, Weston, and Runcorn. Both the Runcorn Rural and the Urban District Councils have been con- sidering what action to take in the matter, and it has been generally thought that with regard to this applica- tion of the Ship Canal Company, opposition should be made. Negotiations have taken place,and last week the Company offered to send a deputation to confer with members of both Councils. Accordingly on Wednesday both authorities received the deputation at Buncorn. The first conference was with the Runcorn Rural Coun- cil at Bridgewater House when there were present on behalf of the Ship Canal Company,Mr. Bythell (chair- man), Councillor Southern (chairman of the Executive), Sir Leader Williams, Mr. Hunter (engineer for the Canal Company), and Mr. BM (Corporation engineer). The members of the Rural Council present were Messrs. Brandreth, Heywood, Chadwick, Aaron, Wallington, Wright, Roylance, with Mr. Ashton (clerk), Messrs. Diggle and Swinton (surveyors), and Mr. Farrington (inspector). The proceedings were private but we understand that it was expNained by the deputation that the company's only reason for closing the tidal openings was to prevent the admission of silt from the river into the waterway and thus reduce their dredging expendi- ture. It was stated that if the closing of the openings were allowed, the arrangement would not have the effect of raising the normal level of the water in the Canal, and this was assured by the apparatus they had for effectively dealing with the water. The proposed works would not therefore leave the district in any different position than as at present from a sanitary point of view, as they would not interfere with the sewer outfalls of the district, and render the water more impure. It was pointed out that the sewage water from above Latchford would not reach Runcorn, beyond what might escape through the locks, as the Company would divert it into the river by means of sluices at Woolston. Several ques- tions were put by members of the Rural* Council and answered by the officials, and it was suggested that the authority would require a clause in the Bill safeguarding their interests. Nothing definite, however, was resolved upon. At the Council Chamber, Town Hall, the Ship Canal deputation waited upon members of the Urban Council. Mr. P. Speakman, J.P., C.C., occupied the chair, and there were also present Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, Dr. McKenzie, Messrs. E. Imison, J.P., S. Taylor, J.P., C.C., J. W. Lightburn, James Pritchard, D. Bisbrown, John Wilson, J. Jones, W. Collier, T. Dean, G. Hewitt, H. J. Grice, R. H. Posnett, G. H. Kirkham, M. Sweetman, Dr. McDougall (medical officer). Mr. F. A. Lake (law clerk), E. Marshall (secretary), J. Wilding (surveyor). The de- putation gave similar explanations to those given to the Rural Council, and considered that the proposed works would tend to cleanse the water. A passing reference was made to the fact that the agreement between the Runcorn Council and the Ship Canal Company had now been practically carried out. The members of the Coun- cil have determined to meet shortly when they will fully consider the explanations made and decide upon what action to take.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD:

The first meeting of the new Board was held in the Board room, Town Hall. on Tuesday evening. mere were present Messrs. J. Pritchard, S. Taylor, J.P., C.C., E. Imison, J.P., F. J. Norman, J.P., and G. Moss (clerk).

ELECTION OF CNAIR3I&N. .The Clerk stated that the first business of the new board was to elect a chairman.—Mr. Taylor said he had very much pleasure in moving that Mr. Pritchard be the chairman for the ensuing three years. They had had Mr. Pritchard's experience as chairman for a number of years; and he was sure he had filled the position with credit to himself and credit to the Board. He was cer- tain 'they could not have a better chairman, and he had very great pleasure in moving that Mr. Pritchard occupy that position.—Mr. Norman seconded the proposition remarking that the chairman must have a thorough grip of the work, and it was a decided advantage to have a chairman who had that grip.—The proposition was carried.—Mr. Pritchard then took the chair,and thanked the members for the honour they had conferred upon him. In addition to the ordinary duties and work of the Board they would have other duties to fulfil during this coming period in deciding upon plans for new schools and the erection of the same on the vacant land in Victoria-road. It would also be necessary to make certain structural alterations in Granville-street to meet the requirements of the Education Department, and when that work was done there must be some re- arrangement of the standards and teaching staff which received Some attention by the last B3ard. He trusted he should have their hearty co-operation, and that the members would work harmoniously and agreeably to- gether.

THE NEW VICE-CHAIRMAN. Mr. Norman stated that he had it on the authority of Mr. Imison that Dr. McDougall could not accept the position of vice-chairman. Under those circumstances he had very great pleasure in proposing that Mr.lmison occupy the position. It was unnecessary to make a long speech on Mr. Imison's good qualities. Ho was ex- ceedingly well-known in the town, and he (Mr. Norman) hoped Mr. Imison would be able to accept the position. —Mr. Taylor seconded, and said he was sure none in Runcorn had taken a deeper interest in educational matters than Mr. Imison,and no one would occupy the position better.—The Chairman remarked that the mem- bers would be very glad to have Mr. Imison in that , position and hoped he would be induced to accept it.— The proposition was carried unanimously.—Mr. Imison said he wished their choice had been thrown on some one else. Personally he should be glad to have seen gemeone else occupying the position. He should be pleased to do all be could but at the same time he hoped he should not occupy the position for any length of time and that he might be allowed to retire and make room for another gentleman more suitable than he felt himself to be. He would take the earliest opportunity of doing

THANKS TO TSB PAST VICH-CHAIRMA.N. Mr. Norman proposed a resolution that the Board learned with regret that Dr. McDougall would not again accept the position of vice-chairman, and cordially thanked him for the services he had rendered to the Board in the past as vice-chairman. Mr. Norman re- marked that it was unfortunate the vote was omitted at the last meeting.—Mr. Taylor seconded the motion, stating that they had not a member of the Board that had taken a deeper interest in the work than Dr. Mc- Dougall. Although they had not at all times agreed, yet they had agreed to uiffer. As vice-chairman of the Board Dr. McDougall had acted to his own credit and to the satisfaction of the Board.—Mr. Imison supported the motion and said Dr. McDougall had taken an im- mense amount of interest in the work of the Board, and he, equally with Mr. Norman, regretted that he had not seen his way to again accept the position he had occu- pied with so much advantage to that authority and the public generally--Mr. Pritchard had great pleasure in adding his testimony to the punctuality and regularity of Dr. McDougall in his attendance and the deep interest he had taken in the education work of the Board. He had devoted much time to the work, at great inconveni- ence to himself on many occasions, and his services had been of considerable advantage to the Board.—The motion was carried unanimously.

THE COMMITTEES. It was also decided that the School Attendance Com- mittee and the School Management Committee consist of the whole members of the Board. This concluded the business.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
FUNERAL OF MISS lIILL, OF RUNCORN.

There was a most impressive funeral at Runcorn on Monday afternoons when the mortal remains of Miss Mary (Polly) Hill, 27 years of age, daughter of Captain Hill, were interred in Runcorn Cemetery. The deceased had associated herself with Newtown Mission Sunday School, and for many years had fulfilled the duties of Sunday school teacher. She was also a district visitor, and in many ways had been a zealous worker in connec- tion with St. Michael's Church. She was of a most genial disposition, and had endeared herself to many. This was demonstrated on Monday when a large number of people manifested their respect to her Memory, and sympathyt with her relatives, by their presence. A pro- cession was formed at the house of the deceased's par- ents in Surrey-street. and was headed by teachers and I.ctvolars of the Sunday school connected with St. Michaers,who were succeeded by Dr. McKenzie,Captains Inglesfield, John Ellis, Heasley and Le Couteur ;Messrs. M. Thomas, John Jones, H. Horton, Peter Hadley, W. Bradshaw, J. Horsefield, and W. Carroll. The hearse followed, and on the polished oak c.ffin and also on the hearse were many floral tributes. The relatives and friends present were : —Masters James and John Hill (brothers), Captain H. Hill (father), Messrs. Frank Cringhall, George Crowther' William Charlton (Burnage), Harry Hill (cousin), James and Harold Houghton (cousins),Fred Sherratt (Widnes) Henry Charlton (Burnage), %Villain Cringhall, Dennis Cringhall, John Newton (Altrincham); and Herbert Hill (Heaton Mersey). The cortege proceeded to Michael's Church where the first part of the service was zonducted. The Rev. H. C. Moyle and the choristers met the pro- cession at the church gates. The service was fully choral and was most impressive throughout. The deceased's favourite hymn " When our beads are bowed with woe "was sung,and as the congregation departed, Mr. C. Timmins, jun., the organist, played the " Dead March," in Saul. The service at the grave side was brief, and at the close the hymn, " Jesu, lover of my soul " was sung. A large number of wreaths had been sent.

SEWING MACHINES, Hand £2 18s. 6d. Ireadle £4 48. wit r ndsorne walnut cover.—J. and W. DErrrox 16 and H. Sankev-st., Warrington.—Advt. LAMPS —JS Garland Irognaonger,Warrlngton

THEATRE ROYAL AND OPERA HOUSE, ST HELENS.

Sole Proprietor and Manager (also Lessee of Theatr Royal, Sheffield and Theatre Royal, Leicester) Mr. WALLACB RBVILL.

Acting Manager and Treaeurer,Mr. RICHARD SOARS.

MONDAY, JANUARY 27TH, 1896,

AND DURING TUB WHIM,

Important Engagement of

ERSKINE AND MACDONA'S

NO. 1 COMPANY,

In the New and Original Musical Comedy, in The

Acts, entitled ;

THE GAY PARISIENNE

By GEORGE DANCE, Author of "The Lady Slarey."

===== 0002601_18960125_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
AUCIIIENTEI7 ORCHBSTRA.

Under the. Direction of Mr. KNIGHT PBARUB.

ADMISSION :--Private Boxes, 25., and El 10s. Dress Circles 3s. (First Row. Dress); Orchestra Stalls, 2s. ; Upper Circle, is. 6d. ; Pit. Stalls, le. ; Pit, Bd. ; Amphitheatre, 6d. ; Gallery, 4d. Half-price at 9 o'ciock to all parts, Amphi-

theatre and. Gallery excepted.

Seats may be booked between 11 a.m. and 3 p.m. daily. Doors open at 7, commence at 7.30. Saturdays. half-an-hour earlier. Early doors will be opened at 6.30 each evening. Part:es wishing to avoid the crush will be admitted by same, on payment of 2d. extra to Gallery, 3d. to- Amphitheatre. 4d. to Pit, and 6d. extra to any other part of the Theatre!

ATISS ELEANOR PICKTON (Mezzo-Soprano), Parr Hall and Provincial Concerts, is open to ENGAGEMENTS. Miscellaneous and Ballad Concerts, Or- gan Recitals, 2tc. Concert Parties can also be engaged.—For terms address ARTHUR PICHTON, Sunnysider Froghall-lane. Warrington.

MISS LEILA BAIRSTOW, Professor of Singing and Voice Production, pure Italian method. Schools attended and Amateurs coached for Concerts.— Terms, Sc., apply Mr. PEARSON'S, Pianoforte Warehouse, Warrington.

-10RUIT and VEGETABLE, FISH and POULTRY: haring _l' three places of Business will dispose of one.—Apply 158. AIEDLocic-sT., Huline, Manchester.

SVANTED, early in February, experienced General SERVANT ; good wages; references required.—Apply MRS. HERD, 19, Walker Road, Harrogate.

WANTED, GENERAL; good character; no washing; £l2.—Mrs. THOMPSON, Harley Wood Vicarage, Tod-

morden.

!TRAVELLERS' SAMPLE BAGS and CASES, in 1. Stock or Made to Order, at !NORMAN'S Trunk Mann factory, Roscoe-arcade, top of Bold-street, Liverpool. Repairs.

NVANTED, Situation as SBWI NG MISTABSS at Assistant Matron, school or institution.—A. W., Gymnasium, Myrtle-street, Liverpool,

NORTHERN CIRCUIT WINTER ASSIZES FEBRUARY and MARCH, 1896.

L&NOASTHIC,

The Commissions for holding these Assizes will be opened at Lancaster, on Monday, the 17th February. The Prosecutors and Witnesses are required to be in attend- ance on Tuesd Ay, the 18th FebruAry, at the sitting of the Crown Court at 11 o'clock a.m. ; and their attendance will be required on all subsequent days during the Assizes at 10 o'clock a.m. ; unless otherwise specially directed.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
MANCHESTER.

The Commissions for holding these Assizes wilt be opened at Manchester on Friday, the 21st February. The Regulations for conaucting the Criminal Business will be published in due time.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVERPOOL.

The Commissions for holding these Assizes will be opened at Liverpool, on Monday, the 9th March. The Regulations for conducting the Criminal, Business will be published in due time.

Civil Business and Bail Cases will be taken at the above Assizes.

lIERBORT SroTHEN,.Clerk of Assize. Office bf Clerk of Assiz., Preston, 23rd January, 1896. N.B —lt is particularly requested that all Depositions. Inquisitions, and Recoguisances may be immediately for- warded to me at Preston.

goo WATioTulTem,!l:niTceepdtia.tel,a —Applybetween en Y.c?aOnKirlYNaEliALat; FAIRVILLE, 4 Rosemount, Oxton, Birkenhead.

QERVANT.—Wanted a good GENERAL at once. three in family.—Apply after two o'clock, 14, MARLBOROUGH. ROAD, Tuebrook, Liverpool.

WARpaßrlloNuTrO:Ti,tcheeonmf;:kreutitibelrey,logUSHood beTdOroomLßsT,relnotbte?; —27, Hoyle-street, Bewsey-road.

_ -- WANTED, a GIRL about 16.t0 assist in housework, good home to a trustworthy girl.—Mrs, LELCH. 170. Moss- lane, East Moss Side, Manchester.

eIOOICS, good, age 25. £2O ; for Manchester district, at once. —LLNCASHIRE SERVANTS' AGICNCY, 27, King-street. Manchester.

TTOUSEMAID WAITRESSES, and good GENERALS for 1 Manchester district at once.--LANCASHIRE SERverrre AGENCY, 27, King-street, Manchester.

OOD Plain COOK, family 2, servants 2; washing goes out.—Full particulars. age, capabilities, wage. Ike., to Mils. L. WARD, 111, Manchester Road, Burnley.

QERVANT.—Wanted, respectable GENERAL, about 20, 10 with experience; good salary.—Apply 56, NORWOOD- GROVE, Liverpool,

ABOON TO LADIES. . COLLINS' MARVELLOUS FEMALE REMEDY. Mr. COLLINS (who was 139 years a member of the Royal College of Surgeons of England) will-forward. Free of Charge full PARTICULARS Of a REMEDY which, during an exten- sive practice both at home and in the Colonies., he has never know to fail in the most OBSTINATE CASES OF OBSTRUC- TION and IRREGULARITIES. Send addressed envelope for full patticulars, and waste no more, time and money on useless Pills and so-called Remedies, dco., which, iv the majority uf cases are nothing but PURGATIVES, and cause SICK NESS. PROSTRATION. and PAIN, without having the desired effect. Letters to be addreated D. COLLINS, Gothic House, 9, Erskine-street. Liverpool.

WANTBD, good plain Cooks, General Servants, and Housemaid Waitresses.,--fdrs. STOPFORMS REGISTRY, Oxford-road, Altrincliam.

QENERAL.—Wanted, a good, strong, active Person as General; good wages to a suitable person • none but those with the best of references need apply.--ipPly Mrs. LOMAX, 11, Church-street, Darwen, Lancashire.

NVANTED, SITUATION as GARDENER, single-handed or where two are kept,understands all branches,excel- lent character, two children.—MOßGA.N. High Legh, Knuts- • ford. „

FOR SALE, a CAB in fair condition (seized for debt).-2, HARKE-ST,. near Edge Hill Station, Liverpool.

AGENTS WANTED everywhere, salary £8 monthly and commission; samples free.—FnLLER, 9 Horace-road, Forest Gate, London.

ENERAL.—Wanted, at once, a respect Able young woman as GENERAL; abstainer.—Mas. PACKER. 01d-street, Ludlow.

QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIOR HYDRO Phys., Dr. BAR- NAROO, Summer and Winter Residence, one of the handsomest buil.lings, centrally situated, replete with every comtort, fine sea view, near park, pier, trams, and golf links, Turkish, Vapour, and other Baths. Massage, Galvanism. Summer Terms trom Is. per day.—.T. BOOCOCK, Proprietor.

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign ... London and the South Prodsham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, Yorksbire, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport,Frescot, Wigan, Orms- kirk, Whines, & Earlestown London, Foreign, and the South Midland Counties & South Wales Preston, North Lancasl,T (4, New - wton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester Manchester London and Foreign, 'South, S - Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland Glasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, dc Chester London and Foreign. South, s,_ Eastern, Midland, Northern, Eastern Counties, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate, Woolston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton

London & Foreign, South, and S.-, Eastern Counties .. ................

11-30 a.m

3-15 in.

6-45 a.m.

/7-0 a.m. Next day

Cree, a commercial traveller who wa3 found on the arrival of a train at Carlisle from Glasgow late on Mon- day night bound, gagged, and apparently unconscious, now confesses that the supposed outrage was a hoax, that nobody had injured rr sought to injure him, and .hat be bad bound and gagged himselt and feigned nconseiousness.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
THE "GAY PARISIENNE" AT ST. •

An exceptional treat is being provided for the patrons ot the Theatre Royal, St. Helens, next week, when the eminently successful musical comedy of" The Gay Parisienne will be produced. This famous comedy has had a run of brilliant success throughout thecountry and it is generally anticipated that its visit to St. Helens will not prove an exception. The author is Mr. George Dance, who alo wrote the popular "Lady blavey and the piece is full of genuine hearty merriment from beginning to end. It will be produced by Messrs. Erskine , and Macdona's No. 1 Company, including Miss Nellie ' Hodson, who takes the title role, Mr. Albert James (" Ebenezer Honeycomb "), Mr. Charles Macdonna, as "Major Fossdvka," and Mr. Charles Seguin as "M. Poitipier." As will be seen from an advertisement in another column, the orchestra will be augmented for the occasion and will be under the direction of Mr. Knight Pearce.

The Royal Laundresses say Critchley's " STARCH GLOSS is uneTailled for imparting a beautiftil finish to starched linen. &c., either cold or boiling water starch. Corn- wall. says : —" MN' wife will not finish our linen wi.,liout your "Starch Gloss ' From Mrs --. Bradford :—Deer sir.— lam pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called. Starch Glazes hnd Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every bouse.' Sold at id., 3d., and 6,1., by procure it. T. most sutLa Er cvh, Bs;-.1,1 ekrbsu. If pnrootpriientosrt.o2.kAdvwiel.l

LSNTERN ENTERTAINMENT,

In connection with the Free Gospel Mission Band of Hope on Monday evening, Mr. flozworth gave an enter- tainment with his magic lantern, entitled " Cash Three," and' aho showed a number of beautiful views. A solo was sung by Miss H. Tickle, entitled" Throw out the Life-line." A number of hymns were also sung, tha text being thrown on the screen.

Iv • NZ• : '

Parcels are despatched from the Receiving Office at Earle town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. ; from all Sub-Offices at the sam time as letters.

TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS :-

I To I By I Callers. I Postmen.

TO a.m. 10-30 „

10-45 -/ 11-30 „ t 11-4 b

} 12-0

1.2-15 p.m.

2-lb ~ 1 3-15 ,

5-39 p.m.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTAL INFORMATION

POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES.

Showing the the time to which a Letter can e posted with Ordinary Postage, and with an Ext Halfpen.n Stamp.

With Or- With Extra dinary Halfpenny Nr AILS. Postage Stamp up to to 2-15 am. Newton-le-1N illows Widnes, Appleton. Farnw 4-0 a.m. Ditton, Penketh, Preston Br Frodsham, Helsby, Daresb and Moore 515 a.m Grappenhall, Heaney Heath, Lymm, and Thelwall Newchurch, Croft Padgate, Stotock Ditto. 5-30 a.m. ton Heath, Stretton, Warburton, and Woolston 6-30 a.m. For Town Delivery & Latchor.t Ditto. Manchester, Macclesfield, Stock 8-55 a.m. port, Buxton. Y rkshire North- Ditto. timberland, Durham, & S.-East Lancashire London. Southern and S.-Western Ditto. 9-30 a.m. Counties. Central South %Vales and Foreign 10-0 a.m. Liverpool and Leigh Ditto. 10_10 a.m. Manchester, part of North Wales, and Ireland .. Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-West England, Wigan, Scotland, Ditto. 11-10 a.m. Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, and Ditto. Runcorn Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, south Wales, S.-West of Eng- -30 a.m. land. Yorkshire, Durham, Nor- Ditto. thumberland, & Town Delivery.. London, S.-Eastern, Midland and Ditto. Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid- Ditto. 11-30 a.m. Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign 12 Noon Bolton Preston, North Lancashire, West Ditto. 1-50 a.m Cumberland London, Midland, Southern, and 1-50 P.m. S.-Eastern Counties Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, 1-0 p.m. Bath, Bristol, Exeter, Gloucester, Ditto. Plymouth, and Scotland Chester, Wres ham, Llandudno, & 1-25 p.m. Shrewsbury Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, & Ditto. 1-40 p.m. Sheffield Preston Brook. Sutton, Newton-le- -2-15 p.m. Willows and Wigan 2-30, p.m. Liverpool Ditto. Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, 2-45 p.m. Helsby, Widnes, Penketh, and Ditto. Moore Town Delivery, Stockton Heath, & Ditto. 3-0 pail• Sankey Bridges 3-15 pm. Lvmm, Thelwall, & Heatley 4-0 p.m. Manchester & St. Helens DUO. 4-30 p.m. Orford and Hulme 4-40 p.m. Liverpool and Chester Ditto. 8-45 pan. rappenhall Preston, N.-East Lancashire, West Ditto, Cumberland, Wigan, Manchester Ditto. 6-0 Pm. Peterborough, and East Lincoln- shire 6_15 p.m Town Delivery Preston, West Cur, berland, Liver- s-30 p.m. pool, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, Isle of Man, & Glas row 10-30 p.m. Night Mail Despafori. All Parts London, Midlands, S.-Eastern 11-15 p.m. South Counties. & Foreign lO-45 a.m.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

HEAD OFFICE ... • High-St.. Newton POSTMASTER Mr. James jordan Hours of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nce. Sundays 7to 10 am. Box closes at 5.40 p.m. The Telegraph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 8 p.m., and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Sayings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. 'FARM. POST.—Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETrzB DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m

===== 0002601_18960125_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
LIST OF DESPATCHES.

time to which a letter can be posted with Ordi- aage, and with an extra half-penny stamp.

Extra Lid. Stamp.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
Showing the nary Poe

Ordinary Postage.

5-0 a.m.

10-30 ~

11-10 ~

2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
RECEIVING liousz, SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL LETTER BOXES

ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS :-

===== 0002601_18960125_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
RECEIVING ROME— niarlestown

8173-OFFicEB *Ashton Collins Green *Golbome

Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwick *Wargrave

WALL BOXES— Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-st.. Go'borne Legh Street, Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place)

===== 0002601_18960125_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
SUNDAYS. 4-30 p.m.

9-55 cm. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. J-55 a.m. 10-30 a.m.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
Nil. Nil , Nil. Nil. Nil.

Nil. 10-15 Ran. Nil.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0068.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.m.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0069.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGFI POLICE COURT.

FRlDA.Y—Beforel Alderman Harrison, (chairman), and Dr. Gornail,

_ LEAVING WORK.—Harriet Ann Mills,fustian cutter, Orford- st., summoned James Foster, Back Crossley-st., for leaving his work while in her employ and putting her to the loss of 7s. 6d.—Mrs. Mills proved her case and defendant was mdered to pay the loss and 4s. costs at Is. per week. CRUELTY TO A HORSE.—Alfred Bate, 59, olive-st., was summoned for working a horse while unfit on the 10th Jan.. Ernest Basking, 198, Longford-st.. was charged with causing it to be worked.—Inspector Bilston, R.S.P.C.A., said he saw Bate in charge of a horse attachsd to a coal lurry. It was lame in both fore-legs, aged, and in a low condition. He told witness that he could not help it and he had told Haskins about it. Witness said he had warned Haskins several times and he thought Bate was more the victim of circumstances, and that Haskins had compelled him to take the horse out.— Bate was ordered to pay costs and Haskins fined £1 includ- ing costs. WIFE DESERTION. AN OBSTINATE HITSBA.I4D,—Arthur Wright Whalley,66, Catherine-st.. was charged with desert- ing his wife since the 4th Jan.—Mr. Browne said that a fort- night ago he appeared for the c >mplainant at the court, and Mr. Fofshaw for the defendant and they cams to an agree- ment that he should contribute 6s. a week to her mainten- ance. This he had not done, and he had said he did not in- tend to maintain her. He. therefore, asked for an order against him and costs.—Mrs. Whalley proved the desertion and said the defendant had assaulted her mere than ever.— The magistrates made an order for is. 6d. a week, and fixed costs at 2 guineas. MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (Councillor Fairclouth), in the chair, Alderman Harrison and Messrs. Birchall and

_ Hayward. BEGGING.—SamueI Griffin, whose past record showed him to be a habitual beggar, was sent to prison for one month with hard labour for begging iu Winwick-street on the 18th

inst. ALLEGED THEFT FROM THE PERSOL—Themas Walsh was charged in custody with having stolen from the person of William Norbury on the 27th July a silver lever watch and two steel watch-guards, valued at £3 10s.—The Chief Con- stable (Mr. L. Talbot) said that on the 27th July last William Norbury came into the town, and at about four o'clock in the afternoon entered the Higher Angel public-house in Butter- market-street. He had some beer, and after a short time had elapsed he left the place and went into Hill-street. Here he se-Aned to have come into contact with the prisoner. When he returned to the Higher Angel he missed his watch and guard, and subsequently reported the fact to the police. From inquiries it was found that within an hour after the articles were stolen they had been pawned with Mr. Joseph H. Houghton by the prisoner. They were handed over to Detective-Sergeant Monaghan, and a search was commen,ed for the prisoner. He was arrested on the previous afternoon by Monaghan, who met him in Scotland-road 'I he officer charged him with the theft. but Walsh replied that he had found it in Hill-street. Later on. however, he said he wished

to make a voluntary statement—with the apparent desire to exculpate s3rneone else. He said " I stole the watch myself. I pawned it myself, and I had no confederates." Conclud- ing. the Chief Constable asked for a week's remand so that further inquiries might be made.—Detective-Sergeant Monaghan deposed to apprehending the prisoner in Scotland- road on the previous afternooa at about 2 30; and otherwise supported the Chief Constable's s atement.—Prisoner was remanded for a week to await investigations. TUESDAY.—Before Mr. E. J Guest (chairman), Mr- R

Garnett, and Dr. T. S. Smith.

DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.— Martin Callaghan was charged

with being drunk and disorderly on Monday night.—De- fendant pleaded guilty and added that he had been a teeto- taller for 12 months, The Chief Constable said defendant had not been up since 1891.—The magistrate fined him ss. and costs : Annie Walsh. a respectably dressed woman, was oharged in a similar offence in Bank-street on Monday night.—She p'eaded guiltv.—Sergeant Smith proved the case and said he had to take derendant into custody after warning her. She was refused drink at two publichouses. Mr. Talbot, the chief constable said she was the wife of the man who was remanded the previons day on a charge of stealing a watch.—The magistrates imposed a penalty of 5s and costs. _ _ _ -

- FOUND IN Possossios.—James Donnelly and James Blake, two youths. were charged with being found in possession of anew indiarubber ball, and no., giving a satisfactory account of the same.—Detective Monaghan deposed to arresting de- fendants on suspicion. Donelly said he had taken it from a shop and BlakeisAid he had got, it fr-m an aunt inWigan— Both were remanded till Thursdly for enquiries to be made.

WEDNESDAY.—BPfore Mr. John Fairclough (ehairman), Mr. J. H. Fleming, and Mr. J. Geddes. THEFT BY A WIDOW.—A SID CASE—Ann Hovne, Gaskell's Yard, King-st., was charged with stealing a shirt value 108. the property of John Lewis. H Henry-st.. at 7.20 on Moneav night.—She pleaded guilty.—The Chief Constable stated the facts of the case wlafch showed that after tak'ng the shirt from the yard of complainant's residence defendant pawned it at Jackson's pawnshop, Winwick-e,.. for fifteen pence. When charged with it she denied stealing the shirt but after- wards admitted the theft. The Chief Constable added that the woman was a widow with six children and in very perm circumstances; she was driven to theft to pay arrears of rent she owed. It was her first appearance for fe'ony and under the citcumstances, he confidently left her in the hands of the bench with a ecommendation for mercy.—The magistrates after admonishing defendant discharged her with a convict on recorded against her. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—Thonns Burke was charged with being drunk and disorde ly in Dolman's-lane at 11.30 on Tuesday night.—P.C.'s ewey and Foster proved the charge.—Defendant promised faithfully to sign the pledge and behave better.—The magistrates therefore dismissed him with a caution, but added an intimation to the effect that if he came up again for the same offence he would receive the full penalty.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
W ARRINGTON OCCASIONAL COURT.

CHARGE OP STEALING IRON FENCING.—At the Warring- ton Occasional Court, on Saturday morning, before Mr. S. R. Atmitage, a youth named Patrick Teyrell, aged 18 years. living in Silver-st., and whose occupation was that of a rag gatherer, was charged with having st,len a quantity of iron fencing, valued 53.. the property of William t ennett. of " Lyndhurst," Poulton. —Prisoner voluntarily admitted the theft. It transpired In the evidence that at noon on the pre- vious day the youth wag seen by Peter Goulden, of Crossley- st.. trying to pull some fencing out of the brook which divides tit, borough from the county near Bruche Bridge. Goulden interrupted him h; saving that if he took the iron away he would be" locked up," and that if he wanted to buy or beg it, he should go to Mr. William Bennett. To this Teyrell replied that he would see Mr. Bennett about it, and then went towards Mr. Bennett's house, taking his handcart with him. B-lug suspi loos Goulden informed PC. Milling- ton—of the borough con=tabulary—what he had seen, and that officer subsequently sto-ped the prisoner in M rshhouse- lane. Having searched the h :ndc-irt he found the iron fenc- ing, whi3h had been hidden from view by a quantity of rags being thrown over it. 'Millington communicated with Ser- geant Barnes, of the county police force and the prisoner was handed over to P.O. Ileath.—Teyrell was remanmed to the next Petty Sessions at Warrington, to be held on the sth prox. ALLEGED THEFT OF A SHAWL.—At the same court on Mon- day, before Mr. J. Crosfield, a rough-looking man, named James Walsh, alias William Collier, alias Edward Monaghan, was charged with havit4 stolen, on December 17th a woollen shawl valued et 2s. 6.1. the p,operty of Mary Gibbon of Martinscroft.—Mary Gibbon stated that on the day in ques- tion she washed the si,awl and hung it in the garden to dry. Anyone approaching this garden would have to pass through two gates, which happened to he open. She hat never seen prisoner before.—Detective-Sergeant Monaghan stated that about halfpast-seven on the night of the 17th December he 3aw prisoner in Mersey-at. He had something tied in a handker-

Cocos is more than a mere stimulating and refreshing drink, it is also a nutritious foo& and one of the most precious gifts of nature—sustaining' and invigorating the system probably more than any other beverage. The 'Lancet" refers to Cadbury's COCOA as "the standard of highest purity at present attainable in regard to cocoa."— Advt.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, JANUARY 25,189

chief under his arm, and on witness examining the bundle he found the shawl produced. He asked prisoner how he came into possession of it, and he said " I bought it for my wife at Bedford Leigh." Witness took him to the Police Station. and he there said "I have been living with a woman named Mary Kelly. in Gerrard-st., Manchester, and she gave me the shawl to pay my lodgings with bout 15 days ago." When charged with being in unlawful possession he replied " I shall tell you no more about it." Prisoner was then locked up, and on the following morning he was remanded until the 21st December. On the 231 d December witness handed the shawl to P.C. Johnson, of Martinscroft.—P.C. Johnson stated that he re- ceived the shawl from last witness, and that morning he had apprehended the prisoner on his discharge from Strangeways Gaol. When charged he replied, "The shawl is my own, Prisoner, who resvrved his defence, was committed to the next Quarter Sessions at Liverpool for trial. BREACH OF THE PEkCE.-A man named James Dowd was charged, also on Monday. with having committed a breach of the peace by fighting at Newton on the 30th September.—P.C. Turner proved the case.—Defendant WAS bound over to keep the peace in the sum of £5 for three months.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS

MONDAY.—Before Mr. T. Rigby (chairman), and Mr. 11.. Imkon.

OCCASIONAL LICENSE,-* filia-tn—Dutton, landlord of Wil- son's Hotel, applied for an occasional license to sell at the Public Hall on the occasion of a ball.—Tin application was granted. TEMPORARY AUTHORITY.—WiIIiam Johnson. of the Travellers' Rest beerhouse, Runcorn Hill, applied for and was granted temporary authority to sell until the next transfer day at the Duke of Wellington, Percival-lane, lately occupied by Mr. Smith, but whose license was endorsed by the magistrates a short time ago.—John Joseph Nield was granted temporary authority to sell at the Travellers' Rest beerhouse. OBSCENE AND PROFANE LANGUAGE.—John Squires, boat- man, Runcorn, was fined ss. and costs for using obscene and profane language at Top Locks on the 30th December.—A. similar chargd against Men Moran. Salkeld-square, was ad- journed until the 24th February when she will have com- pleted a term of imprisonmsnt. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.- Selina Giblin, an old offender, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Mersey-st„ on the 10th January.—P.C. Gregory proved the case, and the defend .nt was fined 10s. and costs, or 14 days' imprisonment She went to prison.—John Harrison, a collier, of Wigan, for being drunk and disorderly in Bridge-st., on the 18th inst., was fined ss. and costs. THE BEGGING NUISANCE.—John Davies. who stated that he was a joiners' 1 tbourer of Wigan, pleaded guilty to begg- ing in Greenway-road on the 19,11 inst.—P.O. Gregory stated that on examining the prisoner he found upon him some bread and eightDence in copper. There h d been many com- plaints of people beuing.—The magistrates discharged the prisoner with a caution.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
"THE TIMES" AND DR.

JENNER.

Dr. Jenner stated that the vaccination sore shculd, if it had taken properly, look on the eighth day like " a pearl on a red roseleal." The " Times," after discussing Dr. Jenner's discovery and upholding all his ideas, re- cently strongly urged that vaccination should be at once enforced, and the faddists who decry Dr. Jenner checked, by the authorities adopting a saong policy. Everyone should ne forced to, if possible, exhibit on the eighth day " a pearl on a red roseleaf." To secure this pretty effect a well-known Bachelor of Science recently stated that good pure vaccine lymph and clean instruments were required. He forgot to add that the wound also required to be attended and cleaned by a competent doctor, or if that was impossible, and it generally is, because the doctors always say, " It's only vaccination, and does not need attention," something should be done to kill the germs that en'er easily in thousands through the unprotected wound, which, of course, quickly becomes foul. He naturally omitted this, however,because he knew that,once the germs had entered the blood,all the old remedies and aotiseptics which were strong enough to kill the germs in the blood would also kill the child—or even man or woman—to whom they might be given. It seems a great pity that someone had not informed this worthy scientist that a new antiseptic remedy had recently been discovered, which, though it was absolutely harmless to the child, could be relied upon if;given to it to pass unchanged from its stomach to its blood, and there destroy and remove every one of these germs as fast as they entered the blood through the vaccination sore. He should also have been told that if the lymph was impure and this remedy used ,the action would be the same,r 'AAP disease germs, which are not so strong as the lymph itself, would be all killed as they reached the blood, and yet the effQcts of the lymph would be unchanged, thus pro- ducing the " pearl on the red roseleal." Lest anyone who reads this may not know of this long looked for remedy,we are pleased to tell them, first, that its action is unfailing, and that in the same way it will cure old cases of disease resulting from vaccination, though of years standing. and also that it is most appropriately named Vaccination Virus Vanquisher, or V.V.V., and that it can be obtained from all chemists at 2s. 93. per bottle or from Barclay and Sons,Limited, 95,Farrington- st., London, or from the Vaccination Virus Vanquisher Company, Limited, 31, Snow Hill, London, E.C., who also send free pamphlet to all who apply.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

P.S. A. AT THE T. .C. A. At the meeting on Sunday, the number of mem- bers present was the largest yet recorded. Mr. Kent (president) occupied the chair, and gave a hearty welcome to all the new members, and in the course of his address described the objects of the move- ment. The speaker for the day was Mr. Arthur Mounfield, who gave a most instructive and inter- esting address, taking as his subject" Some useful mad m en," OIL .—GARLAND, Importer, 51, Bridge-street, Warringten. CANTATA. AT ELLESMERE-STREET SCHOOLS.

A-C-antata. entitled " Ptineess Snow-white, or the Seven Dwarfs," was given in a very praise- worthy manner, at the Ellesmere-street schools on Monday evening, by the members of Bank-street Mission choir, assisted by the Sunday scholars. The various scenes were excellently depicted, and the characters entrusted to the scholars were pourtrayed with a great amount of credit. The singing of the children was especially good, in fact the whole of the performance bore ample evidence that they had been diligently trained by their teachers. The en- tertainment was fully appreciated by a large atten- dance of adults, many of whom were the parents of the children. The event had been organized to augment the Bank-street Mission fund. The per- formance was repeated on Tuesday evening with equal success. SEWING MACHINES Hand 23 10s• Treadle £4 43 with handiome walnut cover.—J. and W. DUTTON, 16 and 18, Sankey-at., Warrington.—Advt. PROPOSED PAVING OF MUSEUM-STREET WITH

===== 0002601_18960125_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
W 00D.

At the monthly meeting of the Warrington Liter- ary and Philosophical Society, held on Monday evening in the Lecture Room of the Museum, the President (Mr. William Owen) said he intended at the next meeting of the society to ask them to pro- poge a resolution requesting the Town Council to pave with wood that part of Museum-st. in front of the building. Both the Museum and the School of Art now belonged to the Corporation,and it was ad- visable that the improvement should be effected.— Mr. L. Greening said he happened to speak to the Chairman of the Paving and Sewerage Committee the other day about the matter, and bad been told that the subject had been brought under the notice of the committee, and he understood it had been very favourably received. But still if a resolution as suggested by the President was passed, it would no doubt help forward the movement. (Hear, hear).—The President said he had no idea until Mr. Greening spoke that the matter had been under consideration. They would leave the matter over until the next meeting, and perhaps it would be found in the meantime that there would be no necessity ta forward a resolution from the society.

SEWING NIAMINF.9 Hand £2 188.64. Treadle £44s. with handsome walnut cover.—T. and W. Dtrrrox 16 and 18. Sankev-at.. Warrinoton. —Advt. A NEW CHAPEL FOR THE REV. EDWARD MOORE. The memorial stones of a new Baptist Chapel, of which the Rev. Edward Moore, formerly of War- rington, is to be the pastor, were laid on Monday afternoon, in Stanley-road, Bootle. For a number of years past the old Baptist Church in Derby-road has been struggling under great difficulties, arising I chiefly from the deterioration of the neighbour- hood in which the chapel was situated. About 12 months ago, however, a sale of the Derby-road building was effected, and a temporary iron struc- ture was during the past year built on the new site in Stanley-road, and in it the Baptists have for some months past been worshipping with aug- mented congregations and encouraging results generally. The new permanent edifice now in course of erection, at a cost of nearly .C 3,000 is situated in Stanley-road adjoining the proposed recreation ground of the Bootle Corporation. The total length of the church will be sixty-eight feet, and it will accommodate 300 persons on the ground floor and 120 in the gallery. The style of architecture through- out is Romanesque. Mr.W.FI all, of Liverpool,is the contractor, the architects being Messrs. Richard , Owen and Son. From the pnceeds of the sale of the old chapel, after paying for the iron building and defraying other preliminary expenses, there is in hand about £,BOO, and since the sale was effected a sum of £267 has besides been raised in cash and promises. At-, the memorial-stone laying on Monday , there was a large gathering, amongst those present being the Mayor and Mayoress of Bootle (Mr. and Mrs.l. A. Mack), Mr. J. H. Farmer (Town Clerk),Mr. R.Blease (president of the Liverpool Baptist Union), , the Revs. E. Moore (pastor), E E. Walter, C.Green, H. W. Hawkes, W. Bathgate, H. Bone, H. Cordon, and E. Morley.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALLI.

IEO. G. BUSSEY CO., are the leading makers of appli- J ar.ces for Football, Hockey. Golf, Lacrosse and all Sports and Games,also for Gymnasium and Physical Exercises. illustrated Catalogue m+y be obtained from Local Dealers or he SPORTS MarturecToar. London S.E.

NORTHERN RUGBY UNION.

WARRINGTON v. BRADFORD.

Saturday .was the date of the first visit of the famous Bradford team to Warrington, and a very large crowd of between 7,000 and 8,000 were present at the Wider-- pool enclosure to welcome them. The first meeting of the teams at Bradford ended in a most disastrous defeat of 23 points to nil,the heaviest defeat sustained by War- rington this season, but as the famous " strike " took place on that occasion, and as the team has been almost entirely reconstructed since then, the match offered no indication ot what would be the result on the return match. Warrington have since the advent of the new year been playing much better,and have been rather un- fortunate to lose several matches, and consequently it was felt locally that provided Warrington had a little slice of luck, the result of the first meeting would be shown to be quite wrong. The day on Saturday was a splendid day,, both for players and spectators, and this in addition to the" bill of fare" no doubt added tre- mendously to the " gate." The teams each underwant slight alterations. For Warrington, Burton was unable to play, and Barber accordingly went centre, and Carey took the vacant position at the wing. Bradford were minus Dobson, 'Foothill and the two Sugdens. The following composed the teams :

WARRINGTON : Heesom, full back; Carey, Barber. Cross and Lawless. threequarters; Foden and Clark,half backs ; Burrows, Nevins, Taylor, Barrett, Thornton, Andrews, Fairhurst, and Swift, forwards. BRADFORD: Smith, full back ; Cooper, Crompton, Bairstow and Jenkinann, threequarters ; Hill and Booth, half backs ; Firth, Edmuedson. Robertson, Robinson, Marshall, Wilson, J. Smith and Fearnley, forwards. Crompton kicked off in the face of a stiffish breeze, and no return being made, things looked ominous for Warrington when the first scrimmage took place in their own 25. The scrimmage was carried by Bradford, and Heesom just saved on the line. Foden, by a fine piece of play and a kick to the quarter flag, relieved the apprehensions of the Warrington spectators,and Nevins, Taylor and Barrett, by a good dribble gained still further ground, and another combined dribble almost ended in a score. Fine Passing between Hill, Crompton,Bairstow and Jenkinsnn,wae put an end to by Carey, and a reply was made by Clark, Foden, Cross, Barber and Lawless, who got close to the line, a lrng punt down the field by Cooper might have relieved Brad- ford considerably, hut off-side tackling by the Bradford forwards completely nullified the advantage, and a scrimmage was ordered near the line.Seieral scrimmages occurred in close vicinity to the goal, and from one. Taylor grounded the ball, but the referee refused to allow the point. Crompton and BAirstnw succeeded in working the play to the centre, hut Clark getting posses.- sion r in, closely followed by Foden to within a few yards of the Foam was too closely watched to get any advantage from the pass. S ,me hot scrimmages ensued in dangerous proximity to the Bradford goal line, and at length, Hill attempting to pass to Jenkinsen. Lawless dashed up and intercepted the pass and rushed over,thus opening the scoring for Warrington. Heesom took the kick, and only just miesed landing a goal. Warrington attacked with renewed vigour after the kick out, and it was surprising to see the forwards hold their own against the burly firadfordians. Clark was almost over within a minute afterwards, and Foden had a drop at goal which, however, failed and only a minor was gained. Smith just managing to kick dead before Barber was on to him. From the kick out, Bradford went away with a rush, and fine passing between Booth, Hill, Bairstow, Crompton and Cooper looked ominous for Warrington until the latter was brought to the ground by Heesom. • A. short attack was set up by Bradford,hut this was not dangerous and was soon repelled be War- rington, and soon fine passing by the flame halves and three-quarters took play again to the opposite end, and Smith on one occasion was almost beaten. Immediately afterwards, however, Barber made his mark almost in the midst of his opponents, and entrusting the place kick to Foden, that player kicked a fine goal and put his side seven points ahead. Simulated with their success Warrington attacked with astonishing vigour,and Carey had exceeding hard lines in failing to get over. Bradford gave a glimpse of what they could do immediately after- wards, and succeeded in getting to neutral quarters, where they were when the whistle blew for half time, the Tykes then being in a minority of seven points. Nevins kicked off after the interval and the first minute Carey was almost over. This was the result of a brilliant passing movement commenced by Clark, and taken part in by Foden, Barber, Cross and Carey. Carey dashed away along touch, and tricked both Crompton and Cooper, and he had got to the corner flag 'before he was tackled by Smith. Warrington wheeled the next scrimmage in. ,fine style. and Fairhurst carried Ithe ball over but the referee would not allow the point although there seemed to be very little wrong about it. Bradford now showed their sense of Warrington's superi- ority by having five threequarters, and shortly after- wards, Barber replied to this move, by taking Nevins out of the scrimmage and th.us equalling the number of the Bradford men. Chiefly by means of dribbles by Edmondson and Robertson,the half way line was reached, and Cooper dribbled nicely passed the Warrington men, and getting to Heesom, he kicked over his head and then rushed after the ball. Atry under the posts seemed to be certain, when Barber was seen tearing away at full speed after him. To the delight of the Warring- tertian% it was seen that he was the fleeter of the two, and just aa the line and the hall was reached, he passed Cooper, and kiclred the ball dead.amid the loud applause of the spectators. Warrington had slowed down now, and seemed content to play on the defensive,and Heesom showed his defensive powers well. Numerous minors fell to Bradford, but during the last five minutes, War- rington appeared to have got their second wind, and played up in a manner which boded ill for Bradford. Carey, Lawless, and Barber were the means of the bal. being taken to the opposite end, and a mast determined attack was made on the Bradford lines Warrington evidently meant business, and also intended Ito improve their score record. One of the Bradford players attempted to get the ball away but sent it in touch only a few yards from the line. and Foden seizing his opportunity, took the ball ha play, and before Brad- ford could get over their stupefaction at this unexpected movement, he had grounded behind the goal posts. Brad- ford protested strongly ag7aanst this point, but after con- sultation with the touch pdge who showed that Foden had not done anything not in accordance with the rules, the loud shnirta of the crowd.announced that the try was allowed. Foden was entrusted.with the place kick and was successful, thus scoring nine points himself during the afternoon. After the kick off, Warrington were again coming with a rush to the line, when the whistle blew for the cessation of hostilities and with Warrington winning a victory with the score of two goals (one from a mark), and one try (12 points) to Bradford nil. War- rington thus gained their greatest victory of the season against the team who had inflicted upon them their greatest defeat.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN v. LEEDS.

This engagement tooksilace on the Irwell-lane enclo- sure on Saturday. It will be remembered that the first encounter, which took place at Leeds, on December 28th ended in a victory for the Cheshire contingent by four tries to one. There were several alterations in the Run- corn team, owing to so many being on the injured list. Robinson took up the position as half back, whilst W. Faulkner went to the centre position. The following was the order :—Runcorn, Butterworth, full back ; Warder, W. Faulkner, Myers and W. Gayter, three- quarter backs ; J. Faulkner and Robinson, half-backs; Langley. Farmer. Walker, Williams, Lightfoot, F. Gayter, Reece and Darlington, forwards. Leeds : Sum- mersv,ill, back; H. Flainstock. Walton, Midgley and G. Hainetock, three-quarter backs: Barstow and Phyrah, half backs; Pickles, Parfitt, Glover, Hirst, Gregg, Thom- son. Smith and Fletcher. forwards. The day was an ideal one for football, and about 2000, spectators lined the enclosure. Runcorn having lost the toss Farmer started against a brilliant sun and the wind. A couplel of free kicks to the Tykes caused trouble to the home' defence. A lot of kicking between the respective backs followed, W. Faulkner eventually ending it by sending well into touch at the centre. The home forwards, led by Lightfoot and Farmer. assumed the offensive, and Midgley saved a strong rush. However, from the following pack. Robinson broke away grandly, and clearing the opposite backs passed with excellent judgment te J. Faulkner, who got in at the corner. Farmer made a good bid for goal. From the drop out Runcorn were soon in the Leeds territory, and Warder had a good opening for a drop at goal. but the ball just went outside. The game was full of exciting episodes, and was of a very open eharacter,the visiting backs in- duleing in a lot of kicking. Robinson again got the ball from J. Faulkner,and running finely through his op- ponents passed when challenged by Summersgill to Lightfoot.who completed another good effort. The goal kick by Farmer again failed. The Cestrians again at- tacked,and some magnificent passing by the home threequarters saw W. Faulkner handing over to Warder, who rhced in at the cornar,but still the goal kicking was off. Following this Summersgill was prominent with some judicious kicking, which almost led to the dewn- fall of the home line. W. Gayter.however, saved under the posts. Farmer and Lightwood relieved, and the

BIRDS. ANIVALS and FISH STUFFED, and mounted in Glass Cases of any design. HEADS and HORNS mounted, also fnr Silo. Birds made into Hand Screens or Fire Screens. Dealer in British and Foreign Birds and Animals Skins, Glass Shades. Stags' Heads. Cabinets Store Boxes. s, &c.. for Butterfly and Rgg Collectors,—B. CooKE, Naturalist and Furrier, 21, Renshaw-street, Liverpool. Estalslished over 21 years.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
home forwards were soon at the other end, where Walker threw a certain try away by a foolish pass. A moment later Myers took the ball when on full speed and raced over, but still no goal was forthcoming. Leeds made another attack on the ' home lines, but their passing was much too slow to be effective, and the danger was quickly removed. The interval arrived with Runcorn leading by four tries to nil. Pickles recommenced, and in the first minute Faulkner made a lengthy run but passed badly to Reece, who had a " walk in." Scrimmaging ensued at the centre, and Robinson, who was playing an irresistible game, ran halt he length of the field and scored between the posts, Myers successfully negotiating the kick. The attack was still maintained, and Robinson again broke away, and passing to J. Faulkner that player scored his second try, Myers placing successfully. In no way daunted with the heavy score against them Leeds played up gallantly, and at last were rewarded, as H. Hain- stock made a fast sprint along the touch-line, and minus his jersey got over at the corner flag. Walton failed at the place. Runcorn again bore down on the Leeds quarters, but Barstow got the ball to G. Hainstock, who made a grand individual effort, running three parts the length of the field, and getting over, Walton was again at fault. A splendid and open game ended in another win for Runcorn by two goals four tries (22 points) ; to Leeds, two tries (six points.)

WARRINGTON" A "v. BRADFORD " A." —On Saturday last, the Warrington " A "team visited Bradford for the purpose of playing the return match. Warrington played a very good game, but were beaten, Bradford being a much stronger and heavier team, but the visitors gave them plenty to do. The field was a very poor one, being covered with long, coarse grass. It also sloped steeply across the goals. Pity commenced by Warring- ton kicking off against the wind. Tye returned to centre, where a scrimmage took place, from which Grandage broke away, but he was smartly stopped by Price near the touch line. There Pollard got possession of the ball, bat could nrt break through the Warrington lines and had to run across the field, where Royle was waiting fur him. Price soon got hold of the ball and dodging his opponents, got to the line, when he was held within a couple of feat off the line, Bradford just pre- venting a good termination to a fine run. Forster, how- ever, was not slow and within a couple of minutes after- wards, he scored a try. The kick for goal sent the ball wide. Half time was called soon after, Warrington being 1 try to Bradford nil. On resuming play, Lawless rushed up the field, and reached the Bradford quarter flag, before he was stopped. When the ball was returned, H mit got possession and scored a try equalising the game. Their kick for goal, was a failure. Thus encouraged Pollard made a vigorous attempt to reach the line and passed most of his oppon• ents, but Forster threw him before he reached a danger- ous position. Bradford now played astrong attacking game, but Warrington were capital defenders. and pre- vented anyone else crossing the line. Spruce was very good in repelling the attacks of Bradford but he was too light for some of the big forwards. Grandage got away from the scrimmage near the line, but he was prevented from scoring. Halle; and several others made a magni- ficent rush past the Warrington men, when Spruce tackled, but he was too light, his opponents throwing him off, dropping him violedtly on the ground, on his head. Spruce's movement however, impeded the Pro- gress of the player and enabled the Warrington men to come up,when they took the ball quickly to the Bradford quarters, where it did not stop long. Some scrambling play near the Warrington goals gave Palfreyman a chance and he dropped a goal. The Yorkshire men being heavy, thought they could do what they liked with their opponents,but they were considerably nettled when they found out how the Warrington men could knock them about and they played very roughly for the last five or ten minutes, which resulted in one of the Bradford players being carried off the field, badly injured, about three minutes before time. On the whistle being blown, Bradford won by 1 dropped'goal and 1 try to Warring- ton 1 try. The following were the teams :—Bradford, fullback, Oddy ; three quarters. Palfreyman, Halley, Pollard, Rigg, half backs Grandage and Waddington: forwards, Ryan, Holding, Tye, Sykes, Riley, Hoult, Fisher and Wright. Warrington, fullback, Spruce; three-quarters, Moores. Forster, Evans, and P. Lawless ; halfbacks, Price and Higginbotham; forwards,Saunders, G. Savage, Scholtze, J. Savage, Monks, Hughes, Bailey, and Royle.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

WARRINGTON ST. MARY'S V. BEWSEY COMBINATION.— This match was played on Saturday, on the former's ground at Howley, and resulted in a win for the home team by five goals to two. Sr. PETERS C.L.B. v. Sr. ANN'S.—This match was played on the ground of the former, on Saturday, and reselted in a win for the home team by 8 goals to 1. ST. ELPHIN'S C.L.B. v. MERSEY-ST. WHITE STAR.— This match was played on the Brigade ground on Saturday. The homesters won the toss, and Nicholson kicked off. The first few minutes was of even charac- ter, then the Brigade began to press, Nicholson scoring a capital goal. The Brigade goalkeeper (Spendelow) played an excellent game all through. Halftime arrived with the home team leading by 3-I.Final result, Brigade 9 goals, White Star 2 goals. PENEETH ROCKETS V. SANKEY Bamons.—This match was played on the Penketh Recreation Grounds, on Saturday. The Rockets won the toss, and decided to play with the wind in their favour. Play had no sooner started than it was apparent the hockets meant business. With a little cembination " Little Geoff " scored the first goal for the home team. This caused no little amount of enthusiasm, the home side defending grandly. Clarke, their goalkeeper. only having to come to the rescue once during the first half. The score at half-time was Rockets seven goals, Sankey Bridges nil. The visitors during the second half had the wind on their backs, and pressed hard to equalise. but failed. The game ended in favour of the Rockets by eight goals to five. RUNCORN ASSOCIATION V. GREAT BUDWORTH.—The Runcorn team journeyed to Great Budworth on Saturday to play off this engagement. Punctually at 240 the whistle sounded aad the proceedings opened, and Bud- worth front rank soon made their presence felt in the Blues' goal mouth, but Bloor and Carter ordered a re- treat and cleared their charge repeatedly. At last,how- ever,the scene changed, and Peacock clearing all opposi- tion, was off down the wing, and Mr. Hill pointed to the centre. Peacock very soon obliged with another, and W. Perker also added a couple of good ones, the first of which he registered with his ever ready " napper." Half- time : Runcorn four goals, Budworth. nil. Bailie re- started, Walker and Burrows getting clear away, but were spoiled by Nixon' and Richardson and his partner were soon busy in the Blues' territory, but Bloor and Pye were too much for them. The Blues' halves were now playing a resolute tackling game, and fed their for- wards nicely, with the result that Peacock and Walker again obliged with one each. With six goals to the bad, Budworth put in all they knew, being a lively combina- tion of fair and foul, but still the victors' defence would not grant them a single point, and the Blues' with the respectable score of six goals to none. Runcorn team : Goal, Hough ; full backs, Carter and Bloor; half backs, Pye. Paton and Jones; forwards,C. Burrows,W.Walker, Bailie, S. Walker and Peacock. ST. HELENS LONDON AND NORTH-WESTERN RECREATION V ST. ELPHIN'S.—Played at St. Helens on Saturday. St. Elphin's had a strong team, the only absentee being Tickell. St. Elphin's had slightly the better of a cross ' wind in the first half and at once commenced to show that they meant business. Duckworth and Hickin- bottom on the right wing made good headway, but O'Brien pulled them up and Dugdale got away with a rush, a goal kick being the only result. After shots from nearly all the Saints' forwards, one of the Recs.' deliber- ately handled the ball 'within the twelve yards radius and Mr. Dearden promptly gave a penalty kick. Dug- dale took the kick, but the only use he could make of it was to shoot over the bar. When half time arrived no score had been made. On the restart St. Elphin's again made tracks for gual and had hard lines on two occasions The Recs. then had a spell of attacking, Robson clear- ing in grand fashion. St. Helens, however, were not to be shaken off, and again attacked. After fifteen minutes play. Jones received a kick in the ribs as the result of a collision, and the clever St. Elphin's half-back had to leave the field. Playing, with ten men the visitors did not lose heart, and Taylor was Nought to half back to fill the vacancy. After the play by Thompson, J. Duck worth had a splendid dribble along the touch-line, and centreing finely Dugdale rushed the ball through and scored a beautiful goal, the point being received with cheers. Having only twenty minutes to play,St. Elphin's were not yet done with, seemieg to score another goal very shortly afterwards. The Railway men then seemed to wake up, and for the last ten minutes kept up a bom- bardment of the visitors' goal, but the Saints packed goal well, and kept it intact till the whistle went. Re- sult :—St. Elphin's, one goal ; St. Helens Recreation, nil.

Sir D. Radcliffe, chairman at the Liverpool Tramways Company, informed the shareholders of that Company at the annual meeting on Saturday that the directors had had under consideration for some time the question of changing from horse to mechanical haulage. The Corporation would not allow them to use steam ; the compressed air system was found to be far more costly than horse haulage ; and as to electricity applied by means of the accumulator system, the estimate exceeded by 15 per cent the present system' in addition to which the cars would cost them about £368,000. The cable system had been found to be out of the question, so for the present they would continue to use horses. CARTER'S LITTLE 'ER PILLS.' ,4114 k

mall Pill. lan Dose. mall Price.

-- BEAUTIFUL TEETH for all who use daily on the tooth brush a few drops of SOZODONT, • the pleasantest dentifrice in the world.

Cure Torpid Liver, Bile, Sallow Complexion, and Sick Headaches pr omptly : and cure them so a s to stay sure& Chemists. Is. lid.

Cleanses the teeth,and spaces between them as nothing else will. Sound and pearly whits. teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. Ask for SOZODONT.I: 9. *-"

THE ARMENIAN ATROCITIES.

MEETING AT WARRINGTON. On Tuesday evening a meeting was held in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-st., Warrington, for the purpose ot hearing an address from the Rev. Prof. Thoumain, the well-known Armenian exile. Mr. _ _ . .

E. J. Guest., J.P., took the chair._ There were also

on the platform 'the Revs. John Yonge,J. S. Hughes, G. D. Mason, and W. H. Kirtland; Councillors H. H. Roberts, J.P., and Arthur Bennett, and Messrs. Robert Garnett, J.P., John Crosfield, J.P., Thomas Birchall, J.P., William bong, J.P., in addition to

Professor Thoumain. There was a large attendance. . _

_ At the commencement of the meeting, the Rev. Jour; YONGE read several letters of apology for non-attendance. We give extracts from two of the most interesting. Mr. Robert Pierpoint. M.P., for Warrington, wrote :—" I have to acknowledge the receipt of your invitation to attend a meeting at the Co-operative Hall,Sankey-street, on the 21st inst. It wid be out of my power to attend the meeting, as I leave England on the 17th for Cyprus. In view of the grave crisis in our own affairs through which we are now passing, I question the policy of hold- . .

ing a meeting concerning the unhappy state of affairs in Turkey. We all of us view with sorrow the lot of those who suffer from the misrule of the Porte, but see- ..

ing that we cannot by ourselves set things to rights in Turkey, and that at present we appear to be looked at with much unfriendliness by at least one of the great Powers, and probably by more, it would, in my opinion, be a grave mistake for England to offer to say or do anything which might mean the use of armed force in Turkey, and the plunging of Europe into a terrible war on the Eastern Question. The misery and slaughter which that would entail upon our own people and on others would far outweigh even the horrors which have occurred lately in Asiatic Turkey. In view of the above, whilst expressing my great sympathy with the sufferers, I cannot say that I am in full sympathy with the meet- ing." The Rev. W. H. Drummond wrote: "There seems to be a disposition in many quarters to postpone the day of reckoning, and to congratulate ourselves if we are able to delay by a year or two the re-opening of the Eastern Question. That delay is purchased at the cost of the _ .

e—xtermination of a Cliristian nation, and I have Yet to learn that we have any right to purchase our own peace at such a frightful cost The whole question of Turkish misrule, especially in its relation to Christian populations, is one that must be facea and settled. It is

time that Englishmen honestly gave up in the sight of the world their sentimental feeling for Turkey. . . In my opinion there is no shadow of doubt that Our friendship with Turkey in the past, and our special inter- ventions on her behalf, have helpsd to make these appal- ling massacres in Armenia possible. I confess that the reflection is anything but a pleasant one. But now to make any pretence of continuing that friendship, or by our silence to show that we are still prepared to treat Turkey as a civilised power, seems to me little short of an outrage upon all that is worthiest in our national character." (Applause.) The CHAIRMAN said he felt it a great honour to preside over such a meeting as that,and he was glad thatthere had been such a hearty response. He was sure they were all heartily sick and tired of seeing the fearful reports in the papers from time to time of the atrocities which were committed, greater than anything that history recorded since the time of Nero. They were disposed to do all they could to urge the Government to put a stop tothose things. Our Government was responsible next to Turkey for these fearful occurrences in America. We had held up the hand of the "sick man" and given him a power to strike as he had struck to-day. Personally he was disposed to favour the idea of this country dealing with the matter single-handed. It was a difficult matter indeed but if the other powers would not act we should be justified in acting single-handed against Turkey. (Hear, hear and applause.) He did not think Turkey would fight us but would give in, and we should then soon put an end to the terrible evils. There were some who said Arsoenia was as much to blame as Turkey but there could be no question that the way in which Turkey had acted was outrageous beyond expression. (Hear, hear, and applause.) There were some again who said that the reports were exaggerated but he did net believe that the correspondents of the English papers exaggerated such things. We had,he said, trustworthy reports. He would to God that the reports were only one-tenth true, but he feared we must accept them as all true. The in- terest of that meeting was centred in one who knew the Turk better than he did and he would not take up their time in telling them what perhaps they knew as well or better than he did. (Applause.) Prof. THOIIMAIN then gave a stirring relation of the conduct of the Turks in Armenia to the Christian popu- lation and produced facts as to their atrocities which called forth many expressions of resentment and indig- nation against the oppressors. These deeds were not only committed by the Kurds and other outlaws, but by the Sultan's soldiers. He (Professor Thoumain)himself was an exile and had been in captivity in Turkey and had worn some of the instruments of torture which he now exhibited to the audience. The Armenians, he said,were a peaceable and quiet Christian race, and the occurences which the officers of the Sultan were pleased to call re- bellion were nothing but the natural defence of life, pro- perty and religion by the downtrodden Armenians. Tbe Armenians were Christrians and would remain so ; they would give up their goods and even their lives but never their religion. (Loud applause.) Mr. W. LONG said he could assure them that he felt very deeply the honour and duty that was cast upon him by the promoters of the meeting, in asking him to propose a resolution. He was proud to stand upon that platform as he felt that England had at last risen, and could rise, and he hoped always would rise when her feelings were stirred above the considerations of party. (Applause.) Professor Thoumain was a man whose from heartwas upon his lips,and who had spoken to them the heart and with a remembrance of cruel massacres, still vividly before his imagination. From his own ex- perience he could confirm every word of Professor Thou- mainn'a as to the Turkish aim being to make out to the world at large that the Armenians were a trouble- some and turbulent people. He had spent some time in the East, and when returning by boat there was a party of several hundred Armenia's refuges on board. They were going to South America, and he had since thought how for- tunate they were. All present were agreed that some- thing should be done, and they should, therefore, press upon the Government the fact that they had the public of England behind them in anything they might do. (Applause.) He wished that all departments of the Government had behaved towards the treaty obligations in the aay that Mr. Chamberlain had behaved in observ- ing our treaty obligations in his conduct just lately in reference to the Transvaal. (Hear, hear, and applause.) He then moved the following resolution :—" That this meeting, comprising various sects and parties in the town and district of Warrington, regards with feelings of abhorrence and indignation,the atrocious events which have transpired in Armenia, under the Turkish rule,and strongly urges her Majesty's Government to do every- thing that can be promptly and judiciously done to pre- vent the recurrence of such calamities, and to rescue the oppressed people of Armenia from the present inhuman and merciless persecution." Mr. JOHN CROSFIELD, who was received with applause, said he felt so indignant that he hardly knew how to control his speech. (Hear, hear.) This was not a poli- tical question but a question for England—(applause)— but he would say this that if there had been a Liberal Government in office the Tory Press would have howled like wolves at them for not taking action. They, the Liberals, had kept quiet. They had said to the Govern- ment, "Do your duty. You must quell this thing." (Applause.) The Tory Press had praised the Liberal party, and bad said they had behaved very well. He was always suspicious when the Tory party praised the Liberal party. (Laughter.) Ha had lived long enough to have seen wicked wars done by England. done by the Liberal party, done by the Tory party. There was no man who hated war more than he did or who loved peace better, but there was something worse than war, ard that was oppression and cruelty. (Applause.) In his lifetime there had been only one righteous war and that was the war of the Northern against the Southern states in America. (Hear, hear.) That was a war of freedom against slavery. (Hear, hear and applause.) We had been guilty, he was ashamed to say, of many cruel, wicked and unjustifiable wars. We were guilty of the Crimean war for which we sacrificed some of the best blood of England and 100 millions of money and did not get the value of a cent. when we had finished. (Applause.) We were now told in this Atmenia.n question that the Government must not interfere be- cause there was Russia, and thee danger of war. But there was something worse than war. Were we going to be afraid because of Russia. when it was our duty to in- terfere and protect our fellow-Christians ? Were we to be told that as Englishmen ? No I It was our duty to interfere. (Loud applause.) If the greatest statesman of this century the G.O.M. had been in power he would never have submitted to these Armenians being tortured, outraged, and massacred for six months in this way without interfering. (Hear, hear.) It made his (the , speaker's) blood boil to think that we the greatest nation lon the earth should allow that wretched, miserable, wicked ,Sultan to have the newer to do such things with his wretched troops. (Applause.) How long were we going to stand this sort of thing ? (Applause.) If he had been Prime Minister of England he would have gone to the Sulton and told him that if he did not stop that sort of work he would blow him, his palace, and the whole of his dominions to pieces. (Loud applause.) If Mr. Gladstone had been in power he would have told him those words too. (Hear, hear.) The Sultan was a hypo- crite and worse than a hypocrite. There was no lan- gua.ge bad enough to be used about him, and the whole of the Turkish government should be swept from the face of the earth. (Applause.) It was a disgrace to the civilization of Europe. (Applause.) He wished John Bright were alive; he would have told the Government something about it ; he was the only man that dared get up in the House of Commons and protest against the Crimean war. (Hear, hear). They were told that we must not say anything or we should get to war. Well, let us go to war. (Loud applause.) When they heard from Professor Thoumain that nighs about his actual experiences they should be convinced that it was time we did something. We had gone to war for many a wicked cause. It was justifiable in the sight

LIV, sini Si .216, CARTERS Sr ITTLE Forty in n, , IVER vial. '1; pa Purely Vege- • • table.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
SYRUP OF FIGS.

The original and genuine bears on the front of package, at top, a circle with white , letters on blue ground, thus—

SYRUP OF FIGS

is the only remedy of its kind ever produced, pleasing to the taste and acceptable to the stomach, prompt in its action and truly beneficial in its effects. The great trouble with all other aperient remedies is not that they fail to act, but that they act too. violently, and invariably tend to produce a habit of body requiring augmented doses.

SYRUP OF FIGS may be had of all chemists, but it is manufactured by the CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP COMPANY only. If you get it, you will have the true remedy; but if you accept any pre- paration made by some one else, under a similar name, you will be disappointed. Remember the name, SYRUP OF FIGS, and that it is manufactured by the

CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO. In bottles, prices 1/1i and 2/9, or post free on receipt of price from the Depot for Great Britain and Colonies: No. 32 SNOW HILL, LONDON, E.G;

of God that we go to war for a right cause. (Applause.) He hoped that the voice of England would be raised an° that these vile atrocities would cease. He secluded the the resoluton. (Low! applause.) The Rev. W. J. KIRKLAND supported the resolution, and said that it seemed to him that it was only neceed sary for England to take up a firm position on this quell' tion ; and what was said about a European conflict 04 an uncertainty at any rate and he doubted whether I would come to pass at all. (Hear, hear.) "lit in this case would be righteous. (Applause). The resolution was then passed and a collection c)11 behalf of the Armenian R-lief Fund taken. Councillor ROBERTS said while he had on more tho one occasion to criticise the action of the Liberal Govelt. meet, it was an especial pleasure to stimulate a ConS.,e; , vative Government to do right. (Applause.) iv thought that if Mr. Joseph Chamberlain had heal Foreign Minister instead of Colonial Minister this quer tion would have been settled long before now. (APo plause.) He was only sorry that gentleman did 02., occupy Lord Salisbury's position. (Llud applause.) thought there was some hope that something would done shortly. He did not think the treaty obligati° had been observed, and he was glad to think that in few days now by some means or other the English pane, would know the reason that matter had been delayed lone. We prevented Russia acting and took the resPo_,P sibility upon ourselves and for 17 years that sort of thin* had been allowed tog. on. In conclusion, he said di!, traditions and history of the great country of which In were so proud demanded that pressure should be brougli to bear whereby the Armenians might be spared their oppressors punished, and he declined to belle l that that chrivalry which had been the characteristic 0 Englishmen so many centuries was on the deo ine to-d' (Applause.) He moved that a copy of the foregol_,M resolution be sent by the Chairman on behalf Of IP' meeting to the Marquis of Salisbury. (Applause.) _et Councillor BENNETT also spoke, and favoured war ag alternative. A vote of thanks was passed to the Chairman, and th° meeting concluded.

--pat - ii '‘ ~-.....„: ~.„..,_ Ns?: 3:1, ' '',.; :`,=,•-•...-,,,,'• ,!'",.-s&' ' ~,•,:',- .:?N'-' Ms"'.— .441'7 '4,,,.'i ‘i • - ' 1° , ypN 'r. _:‘• .:. '"‘ _ .. . . . .. , ..,,. ~... r., i. s ‘114114.V. ;-:•;-1 I near the bottona a red band containing !name of the sole manufacturers in white ters, thus— . - 'CALI ‘, l'At ' ' Al"' • - ';' • -';---:,..5,-Kl-,,P ~,,t: '„).IWW4e.,. ,

===== 0002601_18960125_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL

CLOSING OF SALTPORT. The Manchester Ship Canal Company has decided close Saltport for all practical purposes, and the 110? given to the members of the staff hitherto engaged til°— expired on Monday evening. Thus what has be "the newest town in England," to all appearance. .megitl67 become deserted. Me vessels which have hitherto 156 the wharfage accommodation there will in futureh brought to Runcorn lay-by the extension of whitia. almost finished. This will be welcome news to the rmale ents of the Cheshire town, for the discharging Of 5,1 large timber ships is likely to find employment for 0370 hands. It is also anticipated that the new coal and tips at the lay-by be the means of finding incres,7l labour for the people of Runcorn, where such Icee_x depression in commercial circles has been experietle7 for so long a period. It is understood that one reag,,a° which has induced the company to discharge elsesewl,A than at Saltport has been the interruption of traffic the'" in consequence of vessels lying at the wharf.

LAST WEEK'S TRAFFIC. 0 During the seven days ended Friday, January Ili re seagoing vessels, with an aggregate net registered ts nage of 37,911 tons, arrived at and sailed frorn.ra various docks,wharves, &c.,on the Ship Canal,as agal,l4-0 147 vessels of 40,438 tons in the preceding week. cnastwise traffic was represented by 79 grins of I'l,7'i tons register, against 116 ships of 21,417 tons; foreign traffic by 32 ships of 20,005 tons against ships of 19,021 in the previous period. tons, the Cr., goes imported were 20 of general merchandise,ll of 01115 clay, four of slate and stone, two of logwood, and D_T, each of pig iron, iron ore, boneash and Indian Cargoes of timber and wood pulp, were e ntered bY I' Erato from Cede, Courier from Sannesund, and Barr,4 Ilona from Canada, and large consignments of fruit weft the Brunla and Heimdahl from Spain and Royal Pr 111.4, from Jaffa. Twenty veQsels sailed with general cargo' seven with coal, two with pitch, and one with salt.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHIPBUILDING STRIKE.

The Executive Council of the Amalgamated Secieta Engineers have put an end to the strike in the sn building trade. After further considering the ters",o offered by the employers they have decided to doge ne strike, and to order the men back to work. The elti men voted in favour of the acceptance of the ter:j, offered by the employers, but the Belfast men reje;,‘ them by a large majority. A member of th. 3 ExecuP4 Council has been sent to Belfast to lay the decisioo" the Council before the men there.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
ENGLISH FURNITURE POPULA.It IS

GERMANY.

----- According to the" Vossische Zeitung," English f115,11‘,/ ture is becoming more and more fashionable in Gant'? This journal advises American manufacturers Id export furniture to imitate English models, assora them that they would speedily find an excellent mar 10 in Germany. The good taste of the English makerge highly praised, and German manufacturers are ref: of mended, without exactly imitating the English stl,l-04 " becoming slaves to Walter Crane," to forsake the P'are, ing of unsolid or ugly furniture, which give no ple° and breaks down in a 'very shr,rt time.

FEVER HOSPITAL, Aikin-street, Warringtow_ Report for the Wroth endinc, 31st December,lB9s in gpspital Ist December 52 Admitted (intim, the month Cases of Scarlet Fever Enteric „ Other Diseases

Total

Discharr,,ed Cured Dead In Hospital Ist January, 1896 42

Total

JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Superintendent"

A census of churchgoers was taken at Bolton 00 tyo cent Sunday evening. It was discovered that out4oo, estimated population of 125,000 nersons less than 'ti' were in attendance at all the places of worship njf, town. To assist in remedying this state of affair:oo Thomaa Walker,a Wesleyan laymAn,has offered the goll of £5,000 towards the building of a large m 155100 for evangelisation purposes. Samuel Riglev, age-d 77, a shoemaker, of SoutiLd manton, near Alfreton,was on Wednesday comtni,t7ol the Derbyshire nn cor-,,1,10s warrant I°loov alleged murder of his wife, ad 75 by beating 11„erni110,1/,// in with a poker. 'fan mon n 4-.: 1 Coupe and tr" ow k. 130 .11 who god by and NIT :tc-e.i the crime without rna-1 ler attempt to save the unfortunate woman, were Se , ce nsur e d by the coroner.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0085.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.1

===== 0002601_18960125_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
RAIL

Acton Brid 7 20. Sunda

Alt aua 0) 9 Buniap Birmingba 515. 7 20, 1 Only.

Birmingha 5, 11 52. t Blackburn 61,847 10 Blackpool 45, 6 14, 7 Bolton-5 Sundays 8 Carlisle-4 2 37, 3 35

Cliester—' 64, 7_42, 10

Collins GI 620.78, 9 1

Crewe—a 235, 320, 11 35. aMoi Daresbur Sundays 8 Derby (M Sundays 11 Barlestov 127.12 25. days,7 40,8 UclinburE Sundays 2 Fiddler's 3 30. 512, 6 FrodshaT 1,42, 10 14. G-arstou 15. 210 days 90, I eray. cSa. Glasgow Sundays 2 Golborul

Actor SUnday AIWA, 20,2 2

Birm 5 45 6 ePt ISt Blael 123.5,

_ cow 10. 5 t. rev 4 10,5 Dart 7 21, a Dent 333. I Mandl Bari 12 50,1 10 50.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE

JANUARY. FROM WARRINUTON Tb Acton Bridge-7 10,? 35, 8 28, 10 45, 1 50, 2 35, 5 15, 5 355 7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Altur and Hilihouse-7 12, 8 31,a1l 15,1 14.a3 15,a 40, a 6' ti) 9 Sundays 9 36, 25, 8 50. a Stops if requfreu. Birmingham (L & N.-W.)a3 23,7 10,7 35,9 50,10 45,12 0,1 50. 615, 7 20, 11 35. Sundays 30. 10 16, 4 25, 11 35, aMondays only. Birmingham (Midland)-6 14. 9 32, 11 55, 12 55, 3 20, 50, 5, 11 52. Sundays 11 45, 4 26, 515 p.m. Blackburn -2 37, 5 29, 5 45, 8 35, 955, 1225, 2 25, 445 6 14, 8 47 102. Sundays 843, 6 0. Blackpool-5 20, 5 45, 835, 9 55, 11 40, 12 25, 225, 45, 6 14, 7 17, 84?, 102. Sundays 2 37, 843.60. Bolton-5 45,8 9 19.10 0,10 40.1 15, 320,4 21, 6 25, 95. Sundays 843 a.m., 5 0.7 47, p.m. Carlisle-2 37, 5 20, 5 45, 9 55, 11 40, 2 25, 3 48. Sundays 237,335 Chester-7 42.9 5,10 23,12 7,12 15,1 40,1 52,3 13, 4 22, 5 11. 64.742, 10 14, 11 32. Sundays 8 44 a.m. 745,11 32. bArpley. Collins Green-7 10. 8 20. 10 5, 12 7, 1 15, 3 30, 3 48, 55. 620, 78, 9 25, 10 20. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crewe-a3 0, b 3 23, 7 10, 735 , 8 28, 950, 10 45, 12 0, 150, 235, 320, 5 15, 72), 11 35. Sundays 30, 10 15, 4 23, 11 35. aMondays excepted. Mondays only. Daresbury-7 42, 9 5, 12 15, 1 52. 3 13, 5 11,6 4, 742, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. Derby (Midland)-6 14, 9 59, 11 55, 12 55, 320, 50,11 53 Sundays 11 45 a.m., 4 25 p.m. Barlestow n-5 47,7 10.8 25.8 35.9.25,10 5,10 10, 1020, 10 40. 127,12 25. 1 15,3 30,3 48, 5 5,5 25 6 20,7 8, 9 25. 10 20. Sun- days,7 40,8 35, 8 43,a m. 4 56,60, 47,9 45 p.m. lidinburgh-240. 520, 9 65, 11 40, 1235, 2 25, 348, 10 15 Sundays 2 40 a.m. 9 45 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry & Peuketh-7 38, 8 25, 9 43, 11 53, 1 55, 3 30, 512, 6 17, 8.0, 9 48. Sundays 48, 2 40, 7 50. Frodsham-7 4a, 9 5. 10 23, 12 15, 1 52, 3 13. 4 22, 5 11, 6 4, 742,10 14. Sundays 844 a.m., 745 p.m. Gi-arston (Odeshire Linesl-7 12. 7 56, 831. 9 5. 12 '0 15, 210. 40, 7n' 8 0. days 90. 9 55, If " only. cSaturday-s. e"xs,-.le2pte3d9l 7 30, 9 18 c 9, 30, , 10 18. dSaturdays dlO 20, 11 39 Sun- Glasgow-2 an 20, 955 11 40 12 35 225 .45, 10 13. Sundays 2 40, a.m. 9 45 Golborne-5 45,7 10,8 35, 10 40,12 25, 1 15, 3 48, 5 25, 7 17, 25 10 10. Sundays 8 43.6 0. 6 011,°agn green-7 12, 7 56,8 31, 95. a 9 30,12 0, 1 5,2 10,4 0 90 1 79 80, b 9 30, alo 20, Sunday , 1 25, 2 39, 7 10, 9 18. aMondays and Saturdays only oSaturdays excepted. C Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 0, 7 55, 8 14, 70,9 15 Sundays 8 56, 10 12, 3 23, 5 15, 9 35. Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22, 80,9 0, 9 58, • 1130 u n49d ylB 8 5 236,5, 3 8, 116. 338. 4 11.5 18, 613. 78, a 7 45, P 13. 8 18. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 Sc, 532. 710, 820, 835, 105 , 12.,7. 1 15, 3 48, 55,620 7 8, 9 25, 10 20. Sundays 35, 5 30, 5v8230,331 28. 4 56, 60, 9 45. From High Level Platform. Mondays excepted. (From Low Level Platform)-7 38, 825,9 43, 109, Ph-L 55. 3 30, 5 12, 6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50, 13 50 gestPx,:l (Cheshire Lin.es)-a4 35. 5 30, 7 12, 7 56, 8 31. l b.' 950, 1024, 1030, 1050, 1150, 120, 1250, 1257, 'S 50 1 41' 7 A 1 50, 2 10, 2 50,3 8. 3 37, 3 50, 40, 4 50, 550, 618, Sund„' 80,850.96, 920, 10 15 1046. alllo, 11 39 10 435,5 30, 90, 9 45, 1125. 2 20, 2 39, 710, 830,9 18, 7 Le'r `)3. aExcept Mondays. e 150 --g-cHa (L.& N.-W.)-a3 0, 5323. 735. 950, 1045, 120 . 20,5 15, 11 35. Sundays 30, 10 15,4 20,11 35 Mondays s'Ar_cePled. bMondays only. 5u,74..114°11 (Midland)-6 14, 9 59, 1139, 12 55, 3 20, 50, 11 53. 11 45 a.m., 4 25 p.m. 4;:rtianl---:0211y01,7 22, 80, 90, 9 58, 10 49, 12 36,1 16, 3 38. 11, 5 18,5 40c 6 13.7 8. a 7 45.9 13. Sundays 850, 38, 8 13. . cFrom Arpley Station. cWednesdays and 43'3111daYs excepted, ~lehester (L. & N.-W.)-2 45, a 3 10, b 4 45. 5 45, 7 10, t 2, 9 19, 10 0, 10 40, 12 14. 1 15, 2 0.3 20, 4 21, 525, 65 17,9 5, 10 20. Sundays 3 10. 7 40, 843 a.m.,5 0, 6 20,7 47. -- High Level Platiorm. aMondays only, ()Mondays ex- cepted. ...Manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-*6 20 20,755,857,9 55, 10 46, 1 14, 3 35, 4 9,6 10, 7 5.9 10. 1140. ilium...days 8 46, 35, 8 15, 11 40. *From Arpley Station. manehester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 8 14, 8 55, 9 2 9 55, 10 55, 1125, 1155, 1255, 165, 255. 355. 455,555 V..„.8.7 0, 7 55, 8 12, 8 55, 9 25, 9 55, alo 0, all 15, 1150, 11 57a. to""L"i,claYa 8 56, 9 37, 10 12, 35, 3 2.1, 5 15, 7 18, 8 55, 9 22, 10 0. aSaturdays only. Ididdlewicn-7 35, 10 45. 2 35, 5 35, 7 20. Moore-7 35, 1 50, 2 35, 535, 7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Newton-le-Willows-2 46a,3 10c, al 45, 5 45,7 10,8 35,9 19, 40 0, 10 40, 12 14, 1225, 1 15, 3 20, 348, 4 21, 5 25,6 25, 717,9 5.9 25,10 10,10 20. Sundays 3 10,7 40. 8 43, a,m., 3 35, 60,6 0, 7 47, 9 45. aMondays only, cgondays excepted. Padgate-7 0, 7 55,8 14,8 47.10 27, 11 0, 1227.1 44,2 17,355, 6287 0, 8 12, 9 15. Sundays 856, 10 12, 3 50, 515,9 35. Preston-2 37. 5 29, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 11 40, 12 25, 25, 348, 445, 6 14, 7 17, 8 47, 102. Sundays 2 37, 8 43, '0 35, 60 9 45. Runcorn-7 38.8 25,9 43, 11 53,1 55, 3 30, 5 12, 6 17, 80, Sankey (for Penketh)-7 56, 95, 105, 110, 12 0, 15, 2 10, 58, 40, 5 29, a 6 0. 70.80. a3O. 510 20,10 46. Sun days 90, 11 25, 2 39, 9 18. aSaturdays excepted. bSatur` days only. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line -855. 1055. 1227. 155, 46, 655. Sundaya 5 5 p.m, St. Helens-532., 7 10,8 20,8 35,10 5, 10 40, 12?, 1 15. 330, 65, 6 20, 78, 9 '45, 1020. Sundays 835. 8 43, 4 56.6 0, 945 Southport (Cheshire Lines) -7 12, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 15, 1 14, 3 15, 40, 53, 65, 7 9,9 10, Sundays 9 36, 25, 8 50, afiaturdays only. Thelwall-B ~ 23 7 22 8 0 9 0 9 58 10 49,12 36,1 16,3 38,4 11, ' 618, 613. 78, a 7 45,9 13. Sundays, 8 50, 38, 818. a Satur- tqa only. From Arpley Station. WlOll2.nR" (Cheshire Lines) -7 66, 8 31.9 5,10 5,11 0,12 0,1 5 day, -owe, 40, 629, 00,7 0, 80, 910, a 9 30, 510 20. Sun- " - 09 36 2 39, 9 18, aSaturdays excepted. bSaturdays only. , a3ll/, Wass (L. and N.-W-) -7 38, 8 25, 9 43, 10 9, 11 53, 1 55, 5 12,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays, 8 48, 2 40, 7 50. 1 ,7igan.-2 37, 5 29, 5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 9 55, 10 40, 11 40, 12 25, ...LP. 3 48, 445, 525. 614. 717, 847. 925, 102. 10 10. ,oundays2 37, 8 43, 3 35, 6 0, 9 45.

TO WARRINGTON FROM Acton Bridge-6 36, 7 45, 8 52, 11 43, 37, 440, 6 44, 829 u daYs 753, 4 32. Altcar and Hillhouse-1 16, 7 18, 8 24, 954. Sundays 20, 2 26, 8 22. Birmingham (L. & N.-W.)-3 10, 550, 7 20, 9 0, 11 30,3 40, 550, 7 25,10 15, 11 15. Sundays 3 10, 12 15, 70. , Birmingham (K 11 30 1 23, 2 40, 5 5, 8 50. 9 59, - 6 45 6 45. 81.0 30,11 19. Sundays 4 30, a.m., 4 20, 12 55. nix- ept Mondays. Blackburn-8 30, 8 50, 10 48, 1 55, 2 40, 3 20,5 34,7 55, 10 12, 1235, Sundays 8 0, 5 40, Blackpool (Talbot Road)-8 12, 8 45, 9 55, 10 35, 35, 7 10, 8 35, 100. Sundays 7 25. 1 35, 5 15, 8 40. Blackpool (Central)-8 0, 827, 8 55, 9 55, 10 10, 20, 2 50, 445.655.815. Sundays 7 10, 1 20, 4 55. 8 50. Bolton-6 45, 80, 8 40, 9 15. 10 35, 12 35, 2 20, 4 15, 5 10. 5 55, 8 33. Sundays 820 a.m.,6 10, 920 p.m. Carlisle-12 5, 12 10a, 6 50, 8 40, 12 50,1 40, 4 22,5 38,8 41. Sundays 12 5 a.m.. 8 41, 12 10 p.m. aMondays only, Chester-2 0,2 32, 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12, 11 5, 11 40, 1 25, 2 10,2 50, 3 45, b 5, 530, 635. 7 35, 8 35. Sundays 20, 2 32, 30,a,m. 6 50, p.m. aSaturdays only. Collins Green-6 39,7 16, 8 42,10 9,11 28.12 38,1 4,1 43, 210 3 10. 5 28, 6 23, 9 16. 10 46. Sundays 8 1 • a.m., 7 15. rewe-2 1, 455 6 0,6 30, 8 13.9 20, 11 5, 11 10, 1 50, 2 35, 4 10,5 25,5 40,6 5,8'5.9 20. Sundays 2 1. 4 55,7 10,2 40.4 0,9 12' Daresburl-8 16, 10 17, 11 43,; 2 47, 5 24, 8 13. Sundays 7 21, a.m. 7 37 p.m. Derby-8 15, 10 20. 1 10, 35, 350, 4 45, 70,8 3, al2 35 a 33. Sundays 7 30, 6 18, 6 50, 3 33. aExcept Mondays. Earlestown-6 59, 720, 843, 932, 10 13, 11 31, 12 41, 12 50,1 8,1 47,2 15, 3 14.3 21,5 8,5 20,5 53,6 37,7 143 38,9 20, 1050. Sundays 824, 959, 40, 7 3 9 27' Edinburgh-10 20, 20.6 0. 9 10. Sundays 60, a.m. 9 10. Fiddler's Ferry &, 'Xenketh-7 12, 9 5, 9 43, 12 24, 2 17, 3 21 6-7, 62. 6 54, 8 57. Sundays 8 32. 2 57, 87. Frodsham-7 55, 9 3, 102, 11 27, 232, 4 7, 6 27, 6 57, 7 57 sundays 6 59. a.m. 7 16 p.m. Garston(Cheshire Lines)-5 44, 627, 7 42, 90, 9 10, 10 40, 12 5, 12 58. 2 13. 35, 4 20. 4 56, 59, 5 56, 657, 93, 11 21. Sundays 8 23, 9 10, 2 40, 3 17, 4 42, 6 51. 8 54. Qlasgow-10 10, 20, 555, 96. Sundays 5 50, 95. a golborne-6 44, 8 26. 10 22, 12 28,2 41, 436,5 35,7 15, 91, 1042. Sundays 9 40, 75. ough Green-6 40, 7 55, 8 25, 99, 10 3,1 9,1 54, 2 24, 3 19' 00H 5 2.5, 67. 7 11, 94, 918, 11 35. Sundays 8 37, 9 20, 3 31, 4 55,9 10. Irlain and Cadishead (Central)-7 33, 9 53, 54, 8 52, 11 20 Ilundays 10 59. 6 53, 8 35. 10 0. a „Latchford-8 13, 8 40, 932 10 5. 11 17. 1 20. al 45. 213 .z 044 22, 8541. 6 7, 6 49, 749, 942. 1127. Sundays 833 7 33. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. a Liverpool (via Earlestown)-02 65, 60, 80, 9 20, 11 50, 32, 30, 430 5 35, 8 35, 10 5, "11 15. Sundays 7 30, 9 20, 6 30, 8 40. 21Iondays only. *Saturdays only. . ia Widnes-6 25.8 20, 95, 9 55, 12 35, 130. 2 40,3 35, 4 20, 6 65, 8 10, 10 45. Sundays 7 45, 210 720, 1046. Liverpool (Central)-5 35, 6 10, 7 20, 8 30, 8 45, 9 30, 4 . 9 38, 10 31 11 30,11 35,11 55, 1230,12 35, 1 0,1 30,1 50,2 0, Ra 7„ 3 45, 4 30, 4 40, 4 53, 5 30, 5 36, 6 30, 6 35. 7 30, 8 0 d 840, 930, alo 45, 11 0, 1130. Sundays 8 0, 9 0, 230, 72.4 20,6 30,8 30,833.9 35.allondays and Saturdays only. 10`"•)014° n (L. & N.-W.)-515. 7 15,10 10,1210,2 10,4 10, 5 30, `l, 120, Sundays 10 0 a.m.. 50, 10 0. 12 0. 12/4°odon (Midland)-5 15, 10 5. 12 0. 20. 40,50, a 9 15 /.• Sundays 3 15, 12 0. a except Mondays 418n_8 5 8 32, 9 23, 9 57, 11 9. 1 11. n 137, 2 5. 250 7j5.85 33. 559, 6 41, 7 41, 933, 1119. Sundays 825. 226, 14, 4Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. 1 5 hester (L. & N.-W.)-6 0,7 0,8 5,9 0,9 40,11 0, 11 25, 4334 22,3 0, 3 45,4 25.5 0, 5 10, 7 5,9 20,10 40. Sundays S 0, Ma 9 0, 9 50, a.m. 6 0, 10 40. From Exchange. 1 R"'atlehester (London-road)-7 15, 750, 925, 1035, 1235, 7v. 20, 340, b 55, 520, 6 5. 7 5, 8 55, 1045. Sundays 40, 1 4'o, 6 30. bSaturdays excepted. ancheater (Cheshire Linee)-6 48, mo, 8 30, a 9 5, 9 30, 03, 10•0 45 11 30' 1230, 12 45, 130, 230, 330,430, 448 , alo 50,11 0. Sun- .:ll°l% 8 30, 9 10, 9 30,10 40,1 40.2 0 2 5,6 40. 8 15„9 40. aMon- -6 30, 6 38,7 30, 8 30, 8 33, 955 ftrzYseooarned_77aturdays only • Maddlewich-6 48, 11 37, 2 42, 6 1. 0. 9 6, 11 57, 320 4 55, 6 57. Sundays 8 15,4 48. Ortoo-le-Wlllows.-6 55, 7 30, 8 42, 924. 10 9. 11 23, B,"' 1 6,1 30,3 0. 4 7.4 58,5 5,5 49.6 27,7 30,7 35, 99, 9 55, ~., Sundays 8 30, 9 49. 10 0, a.m. 3 55.7 20, 11 5. da;:ditate-7 51, 8 26, 9 0, 10 6, 19, 2 5, 5 17, 73, 9 16. Sun- -4 11 20, 2 32, 9 12, 10 13. 25 e st7°n •allond a 2 11, 82 36,5 50,6 25,95, 939. 1120, 11 28, 246 59, 9 30,10 47. Sundays 2 11, 8 35, 3 15, 6 10, 10 46 cora-- Run aYs excepted. bMonday mornings only 6 29, 8 29, 839, 9 19, 10 23, 12 29, 1 30, 256, 440, 54r Sankey (for Penketh)-6 51, 8 6. 8 41, 9 25, 10 19, 11 24. 12 36, 136,2 5.2 40, 3 44, 4 25.5 40, 6 22, 7 26, 934. Sundays 8 49, 3 43, 5 7, 928, (C,L C ) ens. 1n5d2a57780,158.28, 9 15, 4 sSsh.e6Bl!ld(‘Midland) via.Chinley and Dore Line -11 0, 2 0, St. }lei 1 55, 2 55, 4 45, 5 15. 6 10, 955,11 15,12 5. 12 50, 1 30, 68,6Ougth3p5C)ar'tra 6 56, 9 9, 70, gO, 10 51. *ll2O. Sunday (Lord Street) 810 10 20, 11 25, 10, 2 15, *Saturdays only. day ,r3n,j53;..1 0, 8 5, a 9 0, 9'35-. Sun' 418, Thell7_ g, 8 38, g 28, days 90,25, 8 0. aSatut- „,..l,l9. aSaturdays only. bSatnrday 10 10, 11 13, 115, al 41. 29. 255, 2 29, 7 37. 63, 6 45, 7 45, 9 37, 11 23. Sundays 8 29, Is 2;4'1 es (L. & N.-W.)-7 5, 856, 9 33,180 excepted.3,l2l6,l 4, 210, 11 6. 0. 50, 5 55, 6 46,8 50, 11 6. Sundays 8 24, 2 50, 7 59, 2 Widnes Cheshire Lines)-8 30, 9 15, 10 9, 11 12, 12 25. 1 25, 8 42, 4 3 25, 5 29.6 12, 7 16.7 55.9 10, 9 25. all 42 Sundays 4 b. 5 J. 9 7,9 20. aOn Saturaays only. 11-2 41. 35. 633, Sl5. 9 31. 10 10, 11 23, 1215, a"' 4 25. tn. 151325., 7 m.,3 40, 6 5, 8 52,10 30. Sundays 2 41, 9 30, .

===== 0002601_18960125_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
pplause.) used and tided tbe

!solutioor 1y necesi this quefe !filet We, rhether Lr.) Wat

kction Cu

ore tho L Gowerti. Coriser use.) Ile had bean his quo°. )47. (Ar did Luse.) De would bB, hligation, that in ish peoe elayed le respoir t of tOO% said tbe which II e broug% ared o belie"' teristie ne forego", tlf of ti'W Ise.) war as

n, and tii°

lecided to be noLice wed tneel en ferr, to ,ucesi ;led nerto to future, 10 tbe mg of 4 t for 11 and e increas won ROA rperienne co: reag°' elsesqbertja raffia tbei"

jji ary 17+ 0. stered The froni.n. ,as agal"-6 reek. ".a6 of 17+'"j tons; igainst eg the er.., 11 of Chi and oil Indian VI; red bl and B 6 ,f fruit DAY yal ?riO_Av; rat earg°' n salt.

I Soeiet9.° in the OS; the ter., to eloseile The CLittf the ter;4 en rejeo,lo 3 EXeCtiti deCisioo

===== 0002601_18960125_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
,A.R 15

3glish in Gerolot turerS .0% assular [lent marl, makerso, e ree4) sar ,0 o lish hke theautet no pie"-

3treet, arrin fftoo, er,1895 52

===== 0002601_18960125_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
L, rintende°

s DitOU °EI -f hat out (100 3 than orship A affaioo., red the 'OP mission 'Pc f Soot- g e coniroitt r irrant t" a he' lir lan;'d Celd 014 [nt malde:or were sew

===== 0002601_18960125_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON INFIRMARY AND DIS-

PENSARY ANNUAL BALL.

--- The annual ball, in aid of the funds of the above institution, was held on Wednesday week, in the Assembly-room at the Lion Hotel. There was a large number of guests present, there being about 200. The ball-room had been tastefully decorated by' Mr. Ralph Johnson, and the music for dancing, which was kept up from nine until after two o'clock on the fol- lowing morning, was supplied by Mr. Pearson's band. The committee of management consisted of the following gentlemen: the Mayor, Major Pick- mere, Messrs. John White, Henry Greenall, Edward Greenall, Harrison, Tinsley, C. U. Broadbent, J. A. Edelsten, F. W. Monks, F. W. Appleton, J. D. Fair- dough, and E. Gaskell Davies, hon. secretary. The stewards were Messrs. R. I. Wynne-Jones, J. White, H. Greenall, H. Tinsley, J. A. Edelsten, C. H. Broadbent, and Lieutenant A D. Plomer (Bth King's Liverpool Regi- ment). The following donations have been received by Mr. E.Gaskelniavies up to the present time; Mrs. W. C. Jones, £2; Mr. R. Ireland Blackburne, £5; Hon. F. Powys, £2 25.; Mr. J. Malin Edelsten, £2 25.; Mrs. Charles Marson, £2 25.; Mr. John Dun, £1 is.; Mr. George Dakin, £1 is. ' • Mr. Colin Mclver, £l. The following is a list el the ladies and gentlemen present, though owing to various circumstances not a complete list. Antrobas, Mr Jocelyn Antrobus. Mr F Ambler, Miss Br' r , Miss Rosaline beaumont, Mrs G Bum Mr C F (Stockton-on- Tees) Blair, Miss J S (Stockton-on- Tees) Blair, Miss (Tar porley) Brabazon, Dr. Brahazon, Mies Brabazon, Miss N 13 Browne, Mrs R J Broadbent, Mr C Harold Br adbent. Miss N S Buckton, Captain Bower, Dr Borron. Mr H Bibby, Miss Bowyer, Sir George Wentworth Bardswell, Mr H F Bardswell, Mr Gerald 13arnston, Mr Campbell, Lady Margaret Crosfield, Mrs John Crosfield, Miss A . Crosfield, Mr G R Crosfield. Mr and Mrs J j Crosfieid, Mrs Ernest M C uton, Mr and Mrs John Crewdson, Mr Morley, Mr Robson 3 Crossley, Mr F H Covey, Miss Cookson, Mr J, jun., Cookson. Miss May Cookson, Miss Nena Cowen, Mr Harold Davies, Mr and Mrs Vere Davies, Mr E Gaskell Davies, Mr Leonard (1 Dodd, Mr Dodd, Miss Helen Densham, Mr H /1 Dewhurst, Mr and Mrs G L Dewhur,t, Mr G P and part and party Dickenson, Miss Helen Davidson, Miss Alanta (Southport) Davies, Mrs J E Davies, Miss Davies, Mr D Eckersley, Mrs Egerton-Leigh, Miss Eaeisten, Mr and Mrs J A Fox, Mrs, Fox, Miss Fox, Mr B J Fairciough, Mr John Fairclough. Mrs Fletcher, Miss Fletcher, Mr E L Fairclough. Miss Mabel ' Fitzherhert,Mr Fairclough, Mr J D Glegg, Mr Maxwell Gough, Mr H F Gillespie,Captain A K (A.S.C.) Gillespie, Mrs Gillespie, Miss Greenall. Mr henry Greens% Mrs Greenall, Miss Constanc 1 Garnett, Miss Hilda G-ardiner, Misses Gardiner, Mr Greener, Mr W B Hill, Mr TG Kessler, Mr and Mrs P Kessler, Miss Legge, Col and the Hon LI Logan, Mr Townsend Lyon. Mrs Lyon. Misses Llangottock, Lady. Lane, Miss Douglas Litton, Miss Macnatnare, Mr Monks, Miss E Mayriek. Lady Mayrick, Miss B Mein, Miss E C Maelver, Mr C B Mortimer, Mr 11 Mortimer, Mr P Minerbi, Comtesse de Minerbi. Mdlle de MacDonald, Miss Juliet Mackay. Mr Whin (Black Watch) Massey, Miss Morris, Mrs T P Morris, Mr T H Morris, Mr H T Nelson, Mr Arthur Nelson, Mr William North, Mr

Atkin, Mr and s Braes Appleton, Mr F M Ainsworth, Mr G B Beaumont, Captain Blair, Mrs (Tarporley)

Blair, Mrs W T F (Tarporle

Owen, Mr William Owen, Mrs Owen, Miss ii Parr, Mrs 3 C (and party) Parr. Miss Parr, Mr B C Platt, Miss Platt. Miss Gladys Pinder, Miss (Burl-own', Hail) Parker, Miss Cicely Rolls, Hon Minor Reynolds, Mr S Reynolds, Miss Isabel Reid, Mr Norman (Bowdon)

Paulteney, Mr Curzon Rolls, Hon John Ridgway, Mr J H Reynolds, Mr H Roberts, Miss

Rose, Mr Saville, Hon John Smith, Miss Dorothy Smith, Miss Hilda Stack, Mr L Sharp, Mr Street, Mr Street, Mrs Shelley, Mr (Stonecroft) Tinsley,Mr James. jun. Tinsley, Mr C H Tinsley, Mr Frank Tinsley, Miss Todhunter, Mrs Todhunter, Misses Wynne-Jones. Mr and Mrs It I White, Mr John White, Mrs Whitley, Mr T J Whitley, Miss Wilbraham, Mr C G Willis, Mr R Williamson, Mr W W Withington, Mr Arthur Wrigley, Mr John

===== 0002601_18960125_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
EMMANITEL CHURCH, WARRINGTON.

:The annual congregational tea party in connection with Emmanuel Church (Reformed Church of England) was held in the schoolrooms over Arpley Station on Thursday week, and was in every respect a very pleasant and successful gathering. An excellent tea was provided, the tables being presided over by Mrs. Reed, Mrs. Norman, Mrs. Allen, Mrs. Gandy, Miss Evans, Miss Lees, Miss Harding,Miss Monkokc. After tea there was A social gathering presided over by the Vicar, (Rev. Edward T. Reed) when a lengthy and interesting pro- gramme was rendered. The choir acquitted themselves very creditably in an anthem, "Come, join our glad thanksgiving" ; the Tyrolese song of liberty " Merrily Ho"; a part song entitled " The .New Year," and " rhe singer's good night." Mr. Campion sang in good voice "The Diver," and "Out on the deep," and in response to an: encore "Anchored." Mrs. Norman sang Very sweetly "The Garden of Roses," and a vocal duet by Messrs. J. Lloyd and W.Dickens was well received. Miss Evans and Miss E. Lees played a piano duet and Miss Lees a violin sllo accompanied by Miss Taylor. Mr. Whittaker was most successful with his solos on the con- certina, his series of national airs, imitation of the bells and a farmyard being loudlY applauded,and in respond- ing to a very hearty encore he gave selections from the "Bohemian Girl." Mr. H. M. Ashton contributed a humorous reading, and a Lancashire sketch by Mr. H. Gandy helped to make a really good and enjoyable pro- ' gramme. Miss Eva Lees accompanied throughout. Dur- ing an interval in the programme the Vicar made a statement as to work in connection with the church dur- ing the past year. The church debt had been reduced from £lBO to £4B. The various branches of work such as the Sunday Schools, Senior and Junior Christian En- deavour Societies are in a satisfactory state, and gene- rally the work of the church is encouraging- Last-night the annual Sunday school treat in connec- tion with Emmanuel Church wbs held in the school- room over Arpley Station. The juniors had tea at five o'clock and the elder scholars later. Afterwards a story entitled" Little Minnie; or the Sunshine of a Sister's Love," was told by the Rev. E. T. Reed, and illustrated by the magic lantern, manipulated by Mr. Harding. Following this came the distribution of book prizes to the children for regular attendance and good conduct. This business concluded, a selection of humorous slides Was shown, much to the amusement of those present.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON LICENSED VICTUALLERS'

BALL.

On Thursday week the licensed victuallers of Warrington and District held a ball which it is hoped will be repeated each year. It is 26 years since the Association had a similar gatheiing and the success which attended the one in Parr Hall this week augurs well for the future. There was a surprising unanimity of opinion as to the excellence of everything in connection with the ball and the familiar phrase "everything passed off without a hitch "was never more justly applied to any gather- ing. The decorations by Messrs. Hesketh and Dutton, of Sankey-at., were the subject of general admiration. In addition to the adornment of the hall itself the ante- rooms were handsomely furnished, and provided pleas- ing resorts for some of the tired dancers. Music was supplied by Mr. Anderton's Bijou Orchestra which, with instruments of a different class to those usually used on such occasions, emitted harmony which called forth general commendation. The supper, to which too much praise cannot be given, was catered for by Mrs. Booth, an old-time caterer for the Town Hall banquets. Mr. Parkinson, photographer, introduced an appreciated novelty by being in attendance at an improvised but wen-furnished studio in the gallery, to photograph these who wished to have a souvenier of the hall. The new patent light was used and Mr. Parkinson's venture must have been successful, judging from the number of cus- tomers he had. Mr. John Sampson had charge of the bar. Dancing was commenced at 8.30, and continued with unabated vigour until 3.45 in the morning. There beine some 250 guests. Messrs. J. Sampson and T. Walsh made capable M. C's. An efficiest committee of which Mr. G. Grounds was Secretary, Councillor Shillcock, Chairman, anti Mr. P. H. Lake, Treasurer, were responsible for ar- rangements, which were satisfactorily carried out.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
KNOWN BY THE CURES!

Sufferers from Gr vel. Lumbago, Piles, Pains in the Back Dropsy, Wind. and Water Complaint. Diseases of Kidneys Bladder Stone, Sciatica. Rheumatism and Gout will find a positive Cure in Holroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box and if not satisfied your money will he returned. Prices Is. lid. if all Chemists, or post free for 12 stamps, from HoLuoYD's Medical Hall, Checkheateu, Yorks. Don't be put off. If you cannot get them write to the Proprietor and a box will be seat next post.--Ad t.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS foz Females, quickly correct all irregularities, removes all obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptons, so preva- lent with the sex. Boxes is. lid. and 2s, 9d. of all chemists, sent anywhere on receipt ot 15 or 34 stamps by the maker E. T. TowLE, Chemist, Nottingham. Beware of imitations,

===== 0002601_18960125_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
LITTLE SA.NKEY PARISH COUNCIL.

A meeting of the above authority was held at Sankey Bridges Wesleyan schoolroom, on Thursday week, the chair being occupied by Mr. R. B. .Matthews. There were also present, Messrs. J. Corradine, %V. Brough, Jackson, Greenweli, B. Grimshaw, Williamson, and J. Smith (deputy clerk.)

ABSENCE OF THE CLERK. Mr. Smith explained that Mr. Tunstall, the clerk, wa.s unable.to be present owing to an engagement in London.

PASSING OF ACCOUNTS. Accounts to the amount of £1 103. 7d. were passed for payment. The deputy clerk said that that was all the Liability of the Couticil it the present time.

THE LIGHTING OF LIVERPOOL-ROAD.

Mr. Jackson asked whether they had power to increase the number of lamps in the parish.—Mr.Smith said that they would have to apply to the District Council, and the charge would fall upon the parish.—Mr. Jackson then called attention to the north side of Liverpool-road, There were no lamps on that side of the road from the borough boundary up to Ridgway's works, and it was very dark at nights.—Mr. Matthews suggested that the matter be delayed until the township went to the borough, when the whole district would be properly lighted.—Mr. Jackson said that they might have to wait another year or two, and people could hardly find the houses they lived in, especially on foggy nights.—Mr. Greenwell said that there were several streets such as Evelyn-st., which were not lighted.—Mr. Matthews said that perhaps it would be as well to have lamps put up in Liverpeol-ro ad, and then they would be up ready for next winter. He could not, however, recommend that the streets off Liverpool-road should be dealt with yet,as if they did not fully light them, when they went into the borough, the Corporation might say that they had been lighted according to the wish of the inhabitants, and T. robably would not put up any more lamps.—lt was then moved by Mr. Jackson, seconded by Mr. Cor- radine that the lighting authority of the parish be re- quested to place lamps between the borough boundary and Ridgway's works, and that a committee composed of Messrs. Greenwell, Jackson and Corradine be chosen to arrazge with the authority with regard to the plac- ing of the lamps. HALTON'S BRIDGE IMPROVEMENT. The Chairman said that he was the waywarden of the parish and at the meeting of the Highway Board held the previous day, there was a very important matter brought forward with reference to the proposed straightening of the road at Halton's bridge in Penketh. The County Council had agreed to pay for the whole of the straightening of that road by annual instalments for 1.5 years. but the Council would not bind their succes- sors. Unless there was a distinct promise' no banker would enter into any transactions, and if the Council would only give a definite promise, there would be no difficulty in the matter. This road was a very danget- ous one, and was much used by the inhabitants of Little Sankey who should endeavour if possible to get all the roads round about in proper order. No doubt the War- rington Corporation and the Widnes Corporation would also be approached in the matter. The subject did not effect the rates of Little Sankey in the least, but he wished them to join the other authorities in putting pressure on the County Council. He would ask them to pass a resolution, that the County Council use every means in their power to improve the road. That reso- lution would he thought strengthen the hands of the Highway Board in the matter.—Mr.Greenwell said that he was surprised that there was any lingering in the matter at all, as the road was very dangerous. He was afraid that some accident would occur if something was not dttne.—Mr. Brough then moved, and Mr. Greenwell seconded the resolution also that copies be sent to the Clerk to the County Council, the Chairman of the Hichways Committee, and Mr. Sutton, the representative of the district on the County Council. ALTERATIONS OF FOOTPATHS IN AIIPLEY MEADOWS. Mr. Matthews said that notices had been served by the London and North Western railway that they intended to alter various footpaths in Arpley Mead awe. He did not know whether the alterations would be for better or for worse for Little Sankey. Mr. smith informed him that he thought they would be better. Whether that was so or not it would be well to form a small committee to look after the business.—lt was decided that the com- mittee consist of Messrs. Matthews, Greenwell, Brough, and Grimshaw.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
VOTE OF CONDOLENCE.

Mr. Matthew a moved a vote of condolence with the family of Mr. Selby, the agent to Lord Lilford, who had recently died. He said that Mr. Selby had been intim- ately connected with the township as Lord Lilford owned all the land in that district.—Mr. Williamson seconded the motion which was carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
PARENTS SUMMONED FOR CHILD

NEGLECT.

Before the magistrates at the Warrington Borough Court, on Friday, Ellen Evans and Thomas Evans, 8 Jolley's-yard, Friar's Green, were charged with wilfully neglecting their children, Gertrude, George, and Thomas, on the 27th December and during the previous six months.—lnspector M'Ateer said the defendants were the parents of three chil- dren, George 12, Gertrude 3,and 'Thomas 18 month. In consequence of a complaint be received be visited their former residence on the 27th December in company with Sergeant Smith and found the three children mentioned in a filthy condition. They were insufficiently clothed and very miserable look- ing. In the house was a Mrs. Smith, sister-in-law of Mr. Evans,and her three children. The two defend- ants were out. In the kitchen there was nothing but a broken box which was used as a table,and the room was filthy. In the front bedroom occupied by the two de- fendants and their children there was no furniture and only an old tick on the floor with no bed covering. In the back-kitchen which was occupied by Mrs. Smith and her two boys of 15 and 14 and her girl of 8, there was nothing but straw and that was filthy. Witness called again on the 30th with Inspector Spinks, and they found the house in just the same condition as before and Mrs. Evans was also there. He told her he would have to report the case, and she said her husband was only earning about £1 a week, and this was true. He had 7s. a week pension from the army and he had money enough to keep him and the children. Last Saturday morning witness visited the house agh in and found the new house in Friar's Green in the same condition as the other and the box was the only furni- ture. The Inspector submitted that this was a very bad case, and he thought a substantial fine ought to be inflicted or defendants be committed to gaol. Sergeant Smith supported this statement and added that the children were fairly well nourished and their bodies clean. Inspector Spinks also gave corroborative evidence. Dr. Bowden deposed to visiting the house on the 30th December and finding the children dirty and their cloths dirty. The other particulars given by the Inspector wev correct. The children were fairly well nourished.—Ser- geant Rowbotham also corroborated. Alderman Harrison to Inspector M'Ateer: Is it a ques- tion of drink or not? Inspector M'Ateer : I cannot say, sir; he has not 'men in Warrington more than three or four months. Chief Constable Talbot said defendant had got his dis- arge from the army as sergeant and he had his good conduct badge. The male defendant said he had his sister-in-law and her three children to keep in addition to his own on £1 a week. It was as much as he could do to support them. When the Inspector was there on the 30th the bedding was in the yard—a good flock bed. Mrs. Egal49, who was sworn to give evidence, said she gave the children as much nourishment as she could. It was quite true about the bedding. The magistrates took a lenient of the matter and ad- journed the case for a month,in order to give the accused time to make improvements.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
SUICIDAL WASPS.

M. Henry, a Frenchman, being curious to seethe effect of benzine on a wasp, put some of it under a glatiin which a wasp was imprisoned. The wasp immediately showed signs of great annoyance and anger, darting at a piece of paper which had been introduced with the benzine into his cell. By and by, he seems to have given up the unequal contest in despair, for he lay down on his back, and bending up his abdomen, planted his sting thrice into his body, and then died. M. Henry allowed his scientific interest to overcome his humanity so far as to repeat the oxperinvnt with three wasps, only to find that the other two did likewise. He is, therefore, of opinion that wasps, under desperate circumstances,corn- a, mit suicide.

()NE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is war ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary organs in either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains in the back. Gearanteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Venders throughout the World; or sent to any adOress for sixty stamps bythe Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DEDG COMPANY Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BARCLAY & SOM3 London, and all the Wholesale Houses.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0100.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
S

===== 0002601_18960125_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
TcToRIAL P AN OFOR T E TOR NET 250 PAGES (Full Music Size The Pictorial Tuto Descriptive Prospectus 4- The most re- POST Contains 7o IllustrationS 1- being published at Nett sent Post Free on application markable & cheap- and over 250 Songs Price, it cannot be obtaint dof o "Magazine of Music," Office, est book ever published. FREE Dances Carols. Anthems any book or musicseller under 58 20; Ludgate Hill, London. B.C. The Pianoforte simplified. and Hymn Tunes. _---.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
PURE IRISH LINEN.

IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH -LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH L [NEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

IRISNAMTRIC HANDKERCHIEFS Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen: Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti. fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 111- per dozen. IRISH LINEN COLLARS.

Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars.4/II per dozen; made special to pattern,. 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9,4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH. NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DitiFER, all pure flax, 41d. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, Td. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SUMMER AND EVENING WEAR. IRISHTWEED, aalnldPustryelWe. oorl.leaUsnessuar\p, aifssfedor fLoardSiterse, nogrtGh,enDtsu,raWbeailityr PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. G. R. FIUTTON & CO., LARNE3 I R&ANIAD.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE OEST,

W ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take come good Compound such as

COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but

COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best. —Observer.

C

FREE FROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0104.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
CONSTIPATION,

===== 0002601_18960125_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
EAR STOMACH

IMPAIRED DIGESTION,

===== 0002601_18960125_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
DISORDERED LIVER

and FEMALE AILMENTS.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0107.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
;./ t' ) J • - -

===== 0002601_18960125_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
OCKLES

ANTIBILIOUS PI LS.

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
OLLO WAY'S

PILLS AND OINTMENT

Will Cure

BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, &a. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for, CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES; SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, &a.

Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON.

DEBERTs !WONDERFUL CENTRE SECONDS WATCH.

BEST VALUE IN THE WORLD.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR ONE OF

DEBERT'S RES,

eh a a- ed (as drawn or lain nre-

cases; icoks exactly as al, uu.oe lAUikt Watch. All are warranted timekeepers. I will send ty registered post, safely packed, at my own risk to any address in the United Kingdom on receipt of p ,stal oroer 7s. 6d., a Watch as above plain ease resembling silver or cold (as desired). Enclose this announcement ( ' Examiner '') with order to-day.

My 6. Albert CHAIN Woltaz " Silva,. (stamped Debert, Liverpool, on the bar) are the best in the world. Seal to match 41d.

Ladies' Solid SILVER WATCLIES from 10s. 6d.,

Real Silver Albert CHAINS 3s. 6d., real Silver Name BROOCHES,HaII marked. from lElich—P. DEBERT, Watch Manufacnrer, Wholesale Jeweller and General Merchant, 10, CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established over 10 years.

1 , -_---- -- -- -- ' - -,-------1 ~,,,c .„._ BEArI S ALL e,-, - ‘'.. OTHERS l'S‘ IN . ' ii, • QUALITY ' -- i a AND ar- PRICE. ..-......-.-,-.--. WA,„,_..... , .... •i : -.--.. .1-•.,„ x.- w ,7<,.... `ss # .'‘ x . .. • ''. , AL- y, • %.o. ~.-\,, 13,, .4' , c, ferr I 7... (I I 1 . s\ t reset ~,i ,01 • ,t 6 li, ~,, (1! Real tt, '`c..4,, i i , Silver / I ) e qual */ / , to - t''' 5 Gut- , • ,• . , nea e / . Wat- .... ..... . ches, ..„.. ..... ...........-0, ....4,... , „.. . ~ ~.... hadin l-- - - gat ----- ..,-------_-- -,-,-,-. --- platf

===== 0002601_18960125_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
6/11

RULES FOR STARCHING.

A most valuable little Book for those who do their Starching at home. Post free for two stamps.

C. CHANCELLOR & CO., London, EC..

===== 0002601_18960125_art0112.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. •

! z ••,-t •

===== 0002601_18960125_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
EetttrO to tin Miter.

A CORRECTION. Sir,—l notice that by a slip of the pen I wrote " Ingolsby "in my communication of last week instead of " Ingersoll" ; the healthier impressions of the for- mer lingering, it would seem, more durably than those of the Anaerican windbag.—Yonrs obediently, ZAMINER.

CO-OPERATION IN PENKETIL Sir,—Last evening we were treated to a very interest- ing paper on Charles Kingsley in connection with the Mutual. The lecturer was Mr. Johnson, of Macclesfield, who is a Socialist, and who gave us an account of the co-operative movement in his town. The silk trade had so declined that the wale operator's average earnings for 10 years had been from 14s. to 153. per week, but had wider co-operative management increased to 2.5 s T j,see of course, is very satisfactory. Our regret . there is such a strong contingent of socialists, ir zet keth, that co-operation is not more successful tn- is a great pity that the first .attempt at - OM It e "the launching of the Penketn Park Co oheuld have 4er-operation .T.,roved so disappointing. Nothing sr So we can hardly be surprised thp' dslike success. So attempt. should be loolcf_dupon as doubt', cd. We are told the rea- son why cooperation is not - Vourishing is that there ,are too mauy dividend b'..inteali.lNow I think it is hardly en who have saved their reasonable to expect w,0,ki„,,,r4,,,m tlO or £2O, to Ihd &Ear an indefinite number of years without a Penny interest. No doubt others who have insad:a their vile in other companies (not open to workmen.) than - iperative, can with patience wait for a divi..iend and! . indifferently on even if non obe torthcrAning. I think we must all admit that co-operation carrif.rd on on the lines of the Macclesfield silk weavers, after all legitimate expenses are paid, the profits to be shared amongst the workmen in the proportion of their wages, is the ideal system for the working classes. The workmen also have their share in the management, which is another good feature. I would like to suggest that a Socialist of Mr. Johnson's or Mr. Tom Hughes' stamp be invited over to Penketh to look into the above schemes and point out the cause or causes of failure and submit the same with their advice to a public meeting. —Yours truly,

SOCIAL REFORMER.

MR. J. PEERS AND lIIS CRITICS.

Sir,—lt would be amusing if the subject was not a serious one, to read the letters of Mr. Peers and his cri- tics. I have no intention of attempting to defend Mr. Peers, who is quite equal to the task himself. but I con- fess to a feeling of disappointment on reading the letters of his three opponents in your last issue. I presume they are meant for replies to his statement. but I had to wade through half of each letter before finding any at- tempt at meeting his charges, and the attempt does not look like a great success. It rather seems as if the show of smart writing was meant to cover the deficiency in strong argument. Yet Mr. Peers is by no means invul- nerable, and some of his propositions may be described as only balV,truths which come, very near being no truths at alt.- His charges are very much as follows : (1). That professed Christian men, who in all the practical affairs of life are keerria detect fallacies, are, in matters supposed to be of eternal interest, willing to accept dogmas created in ages of darkness and ignor- ance, and which have no reasonable claim to acceptance. Well, Mr. Peers, I can only say with sadness that the truth of your charge is self-evident to any really thought- ful man. (2). That Jesus of Nazareth was not known as Jesus Christ by his contemporaries and "probably never heard the name as applied to himself." Well, again I am ready to admit that you may be verbally correct. But was it worth while specially emphasizing the fact? But do not forget another more important fact still, that the truths which that same Nazarene taught and lived have been felt through 1,800 years to be so applicable for the heal- ing of the world's sins and sorrows that he has been re- cognised by millions as the:truly "anointed" above his fellows. (3). That Calvinism is the logical and biblical form of sectarian Christianity. Well, if he will allow me to alter the phrase to " Pauline " Christianity, I will admit there is acme truth in the charge. It is now well-known that out of over a thousand sermons preached by Calvin in Geneva, not one text in a hundred was taken from the Gospels. And in the Westminster confession of faith, in the article "Justification by Faith," forty-two out of the forty-three proof texts are from the epistles and other parts of the Bible and only one from the Gospels. It is indeed amazing how much of the stereotyped orthodox theology is taken from Paul who never saw the Master, and from the other Apostles, who during his lifetime frequently misunderstood him and at the last forsook him and fled. (4). That the precepts of the New Testament do not teach men to abolish slavery. Again I admit the truth of the impeachment. For the Christian conscience in the days of the Apostolic writers was not so enlightened on this subject as is the Christian conscience of today. Even Pant himself sent back the slave Onesimus to his master without a word of reproach for his slave-holding, and within the last 50 years American divines have written strongly in defence of slavery as a divine institution. To them as to the dis- ciples of his own day the reproach of the Master is ap- plicable, "Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of." But admitting all this,is it not the spirit of Christ's teaching that has given the death-blow to negro slavery and is destined eventually to annihilate all slavery in whatever shape it may exist? His great doctrine of the Fatherhood of God is only cow dawning in all its full- ness on the noblest spiritsof our race. Not the spurious Fatherhood of the Creeds which would consign millions of His children to eternal anguish for not believing dogmas about Him which make Him appear to be worse and less merciful than a bad man. All such conceptions are totally irreconcilable with the Fatherhood of which Jesus has given us glimpses in the parable of the Prodi- gal Son. hen will men take to heart the truth that inspiration and increasing knowledge of the works and ways of the divine government of the world are still as open to the earnest seeker of to-day as ever in the past,that bondage to the letter killeth— " That all the good the past has had Remains to make the future glad; That eAch true heart may be a shrine. And ev'ry land a Palestine." —Apologising for thus trespassing on your space, yours truly,

A LEARNER.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNCILLOR BENNETT ON THE lINENIPLOYED

AND IRELAND,

Sir,—ln reply to Mr. Bennett's letter of the 4th inst., let me say. 1. Mr. Bennett urges that he has" answered me twice already." Answer : What does he mean by saying he has answered ma? My charge against Mr. Bennett is that he used the following words—Speaking of the unemployed—(and not as he states in his letter of the 4th, of the unemployed problem) he said "they are only " a nuisance here." And in his S' reply" at the Debating Society's meeting he repeated the objectionable language and coupled with the unemployed the inmates of the workhouses. 2.—Mr. Bennett acknowledges the fact that he did use the words attributed to him. But, he says " never used the word of which Mr. Dalton complains in any such sense as he attaches to it." Answer : I would be the last person in the world to think of charging Arthur Bennett, Town Councillor, chartered accountant, Editor, Author, Poet," Sunrise Statesman." and Dreamer, with having used the objectionable word,in its most offensive sense ; which would imply that the poor people were so much filth or offal. What Ido maintain, is, that the word nuisance,aPPliedto God's poor is in its literal sense cruel, indecent, offensive, and vulgar. i 3. Mr. Bennett urges that t was an improper thing for me to discuss (he uses the word "drag "—being a poet)—the subject in the columns of your paper. Answer: If it was wrong for me to discuss the subject in your paper,it must be wrong for him to discuss the subject in your paper What is wrong in the Irish Home Rule goose, must, of necessity,be wrong in the new—Conser- vative—Cum-grano—Democratic—Ga nder ! 4. Mr. Bennett in tbe course of a few cheap sympa- thetic flights,and unmeaning platitudes,seeks to impress your readers with the virtues of new Conservatism. Answer :If the condition of the working classes is to be made better, it can only be done by sending men to Town Councils and to Parliamant who will try to alter the old state for the new. Your old fossil Tory will alter nothing that will touch his pocket; then the nest thing to that is your new Conservative—(God save us from all evil). But your new Conservative will vote for no one but a Tory at election times. So Mr. Bennett's platitudes are practically useless. Sympathy is cheap! What the people want is justice I and not mere sympathy ! But I pray that God will send the poor a better .advocate than a new Conservative, who whilst he dresses his attenuated figure in Democratic clothing, supports the " fossils" through thick and thin. " Faith without works is—dead." (There is nothing personal intended here. It is merely" poet's license" and is intended for the system and not for the unfortunate persons affected by it.) 5. Mr, Bennett charges me with being guilty of misrepresentation. Answer: Now, Mr. Bennett will i please observe, this s a serious charge to bring against a person. For it implies that I have falsely represented him. I first of all challenge Mr. Bennett to give your readers some evidence to support the charge be makes so lightly without one shred of proof? What is my defence? 1. Your readers will remember that I represented Mr. Bennett as having used the following words in speaking of the unemployed and the inmates of the workhouse. I

—To MOTHERS.—Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has bee used over fifty years by millions of mothers for their children while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poon sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; it producer natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes "as bright aas aßbutton." Of all chemists, is. 11d. per bottle.—Advt.

took his words down as they came from his lips. „ said, " they are only a nuisance here." 2. Mr. B in your issue of the 4th inst., atter Avnett , wriggle out of his somewhat inglor "Tits to tion by saying—" I meant it (nuis- .ozous posi- applied for the problem to which I was ^' sate) to be to the unfortunate people who are aff, AitAing and 'not 1 haps Mr. Bennett of whose eruditio• ...ftz4d by it/' Per- doubt,will show as how he app!' Arho one has the least " they," which is the plural .et 'the personal pronoun which is in the singular ! Thnimber, to a problem In conclusion, I will r unto others, anythinr• /dig a tnoral. Never do, or say to yourself. No dr 6 "•ou wetcldnot have said or done sure" of meal- Atilt 11r. Betnett will have the " plea- in noting an- 42tme again, and I 'will be most careful I think he „r irnpro.vement that may take place. And with b: ht to thank meTor taking so much trouble to oNvever, I make my bow and say farewell ,CEtimable sun-rising statesman.—Yours truly, J. C. DALTON.

XN'OTJTING WITH THE SALVATION HA.RRIERS. " NoT,asearabtase plaintiff's atterney."—Legal Adage. Sir,—Kindly allow me to thank my numerous " critics" of last issue. Ido this not so much for what they say of nse but for what they so magnanimously re- frain from saying. The vocab-alary of polemical Billings- gate might have furnished still more material for per- sonal abuse, while the use thereof is so much easier than striving for reasoned conviction. Judging from that column and 1-7th of vehement vituperation,Tom Paine's "Age of Reason" has not yet arrived. There the sal- vation pack is in full cry, though some seem to have lost the scent. So I think .we had best "hark back" to the missionary tub and see if it be as bottomless as I think it. My contention now and heretofore is, that whatever good we may think there is in Christianity, we have not the right to force it upon people unwilling to receive it. And this is the case in India,and notably in China ,where, if these intrusive fanatics were not backed by British bayonets, they would be requested to leave at once. Eaucated natives both of China and India will tell you that this missionary mania is a failure as to its object, but too successful as a manufactory of low-caste hypo- crites, and places a premium upon dissimulation, the " converts " assuming and discarding their clothes and their Christianity with equal facility. This being so, ' why should we persist in spending men, money and ' might in order to perpetuate this monument of Pharisai- cal arrogance ? If John Smith, a zealous Protestant, went into the house of, say, Peter Robinson, a devout Catholic, and favoured him with a dissertation on Papal enormities with incidental mention of the Scarlet Lady, we should think John Smith got what he deserved when kicked out by Peter Robinson. In like manner John Chinaman would be quite justified in thus expediting the exit of John Bull. And, again, do we ourselves quite believe all the musty dogmatism we attempt to force down the yellows of China and the browns of India ? Christianity I is loudly advertised as a panacea for the cure of all ' imaginary diseases, good for exportation as for home consumption. Like other patent panaceas it is exported with the Government stamp. The difference between the medical and the theolegical quackery is:that the first pays for its stamp which the latter does not. Hence say that the missionary tub ought to stand on its own bottom,if it has one. At present it depends very much upon the purse strings of the British tax payer. More than one of my wrathfal critics—and it is very curious to note how easily stirred" believing " bile is— have advised me to study the " evidences " for Christi- anity and its origin. Excellent advise. Let us act upon it at once. I like going to the root of the matter ; it is the best way to eradicate error. The essential and central dogma of Christianiq is redemption by an atonement for original sin. Deprived of this element, Christianity would be eviscerated—the play without Hamlet. Original sin then is the foundation upon which rests the central dogma of Christianity. The fable upon ' which this rests again is a purely Pagan fable current long before a sentence of its Biblical transcript was written. The authorities of the British Museum will show any visitor ample evidence of the truth of this. So the essential element of the creed of Christendom has, for its origin and foundation, a Pagan fable. Now if Genesis, and its copy of the heathen fable be " unhis- tonic "(vide Prof.Bonney at Church Congress) what need is there for an atonement fo.• an " unhistoric " sin ? Now is there any wonder that educated men, Chinamen or Indian,should object to have theological offal like this dumped at their doors ? The fable itself has long been rejected by reading and reasoning people at home, and it only' requires the application of a little honesty and logical consistency to make the inevitable sequence of the rejection of the dogma and the creed embodying it.Origins,quotha Truly you shall have origins to satiation. Here is one. The origin of the atonement idea. This arose from the savage, utterly barbarous, and immoral conception of a savage and sanguinary God who required his revengeful wrath appeasing by the sacrifice of some innocent thing. Hence the Christian dogma of the atonement—the sacri- fice of the innocent to procure the safety of the guilty— a wholly savage creed worthy of the savages with whom it originated. Thus we see that Christianity has its roots deep in the Paganism from which by process of evolu- tion it has sprung. And abundant signs of this evolution are `still on it, if only men would look. But the aver- age Christian has long since "made up his mind "on this question, in a small-parcel labelled "Jesus only ; this side up with care.. Fragile—explosive." And woe to the man who attempts to turn it over to see if it has another side. And to the name, my rendering of which has so upset the mind of "Layman "—I might have still further startled him by a literal transcript from my Greek Testament—which I Presume would be Greet to him as it is to me and most of the readers of the " Examiner." This naturally suggests the i thought What was a Jewish capenter doing with a Greek name— Jesus Christ. He never had it. The name was one of the consequences of the Greek vehicle through which the tradition came down to us. Jesus Christ is never men- tioned either actually or incidentally in the Hebrew Scriptures. Finally.allow me to refer to your correspon- dent" Zaminer." It is amusing to see this little body— to whom " discretion is the better part ef valours"— scolding away for all he is worth. "It is the common style of this profuse scribbler when he has nothing in the shape of argument to offer to revile those whose reasonings he is unable to meet" !!! After which he reheves his "Christian" feelings by the repetition of such charitable bits as—"effrontery," "reckless assumptions," "blind prejudices," "crass ignorance," and other choice bits of Billingsgate. But this perhaps is the Christian way of" reviling those whose reasonings he cannot re- fute ?" What notion of Christian morality he can have who makes personal attacks under the cowardly covert of a pen-name I do not know, but I do think that opin- ions so expressed are not worth much with such endorse- ment. Judging from the bilious bitterness of his wrathful outpourings I should say that he has suffered somewhat under another name in your columns. How- ever, I have no ill-feeling for this little body or any other, but wish you, and them, a prosperous New Year. —Yours truly,

JOHN PEERS.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
THE AGED PEr;SONS TREAT AT

RIJ NCORN.

In the Council Chamber at the Town Hall, Runcorn- on Monday evening', the annual meeting of the commit tee of the Aged Persons and Plot' Children's treat was held. The chair was occupied by Mr. E. Imison, J.P., and amongst those present were Messrs. S. Taylor, J.P., C.C., W. Crosby, T. Wood, A. iley, J. D. Jones, W. Millington, J. E. Meredith, and G. Howard. The balance sheet for the past year showed receipts amounting to £55 12s. 61, and the expenses to £49 2s. 9d., leaving in hand a balance of £6 9s. 91 This was adopted on the proposition of Mr. Taylor. A vote of thanks was ten- dered to the officers for their past services, and the secretaries were instructed to write to MiBA Pierpoint conveying their best thanke to the Tableaux Vivants Committee for their donation of £3. It was resolved that the treat be again given, tke gathering to be held in the Public Hall, on February 18th, and that the menu should consist of bread and butter, beef and ham. seen and currant cake, tobacco and tea. The committee then proceeded to the appointment of officers. Messrs. T. Cooke and Walter Millington were re-elected, and Mr. George Howard was appointed in the place of Mr. Jones, resigned, as hon. secretaries. Mr. J. B. Holland was re-appointed treasurer; and Messrs. Meredith and Linaker were re-chosen as auditors. The com- mittees were appointed as follows : Collecting, Messrs. lmison, Taylor, F. J. Norman, Frith, Stafford, ISmith, Coventry, Wood. Woodland, Reynolds, Wes- ton, Bellamy, Posnett, Poole, Wiswall, Lake, W. Crosby, and Meredith; tea and provisions :—Messrs, Smith, Bowyer, Coventry, Shaw, Crosby, Ward, Collier- Robinson,and Reynolds;hall committee :—Messrs. Wood, land. Poole, A. Riley, Williams, Shaw, Byfield, T.Leach. and G, A. Hayes ; entertainment committee :—Messrs, James Littler, J. Holforti, J. Leathwood, C.Le Contour. W. Cooke, and W. Crosby; stores committee :—Messrs. Sweetman and H.Hughes ; cutting committee :—M.ssrs. Sutton, Bowyer, Howard, Williams, P. Leathwood, T. Riley, Taylor, Langshaw, Sweetman, and Moulton ; cabs :—Messrs. Williams, 14,ttler, A. Riley, Parry, J. Ellison, and D. Littlemore.--The meeting then termi- nated.

The Moors used heavy guns at Cordova in 1280.

The rose, among the Romans, was the emblem o: secrecy, hence the phrase, " sub rosa."

In India there is an idea that a lion can not be in- duced to attack a prince or any scion of a royal house.

METHODIST FREE CHURCH, BUCKLEY- ST.

The usual half-yearly meeting of the members of the above church was held on Tuesday, and was presided over by the minister, Me. J. Wibberley. The Secretary read out the balance-sheet for the half-year, WiliCil to be yeey satisfactory,and afterwards the officers for the next half-year were appointed.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMll‘ftil, SATURDAY, etANITARY 25, 16

NOTES ON GAMES AND

ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

lhe great surprise in tha matches in the Northern League on Saturday,was the crushing defeat of Bradford by Warrington. The victory of Warrington was no fluke either, for Bradford were fairly and squarely beaten on their merits. It was quite a treat to the Warrington section of the spectators to see the way in which the light Warringtonians put the burly Bradfordians through their paces. After seeing the match on Saturday, it is hard to believe that the team which was defeated was the very team with only about three alterations, which ' has inflicted the heaviest reverse upon Wardngton dur- ing the present season. Of course the Warrington team I had been completely metamorphosised, and this has no I doubt a lot to do with it.

That the bettor team won, no one who saw the match will for even a moment question. The Bradford men were almost large enough to eat Warrington, but the latter more than completely neutralised the advantage of weight by their superior agility and combination. Despite their weight, Bradford carried very few scrimmages,Warrington working with a will and heeling out and wheeling the pack at least five times out of every six. IL would be invidious to mention any names among the forwards as they one and all put in all they knew, and thus gave every opportunity to the backs.

It was at half back where Warrington claimed the greatest superiority. For a long time past, the critics of Warrington have been bewailing the want of a good half back, but since the new rule has come into operation, there has not been quite as much said, and after Satur- day, provided the Warrington halves keep up the same form, there need be nothing at all said. The way that Foden came out was simply marvellous. The new rules evidently suit him. As long as he plays as on Saturday his place on the team is secure. It was to him in a great measure that the victory was due. To score nine out of twelve mints in one match is a really great feat. He also showed that he was a goal kicker of no mean order. Clark was not quite so prorainent but he played a good game nevertheless, and made some fine runs.

To Lawless belongs the credit of opening the score for Warrington, and the try he scored was really the best of the two. Barber, Cross, Carer, and Hersom also put in some grand work, and sclrcel_y a mistake was made by any of them. For Bradtord,Smith played a very moder- ate game. Cooper was the hes:, of the Bradford three quarters. though his fame P. 3 a sprinter was somewhat tarnished by the way in which Barber overhauled him in a race for the line. He was caught up in a similar manner at Bradford in September by Broady, so that Warrington possess men quite as fleet or fleeter than Cooper. Crompton, once so popular in Runcorn did not do much, nor did Jenkinson, but Bairstow played well. Of the other men. Hill was the best half, and he show d that if he got half a chance he was a dangerous man indeed. Edmondson and Robertson were the best for- wards.

The victory was a feather in Warrington's cap, and though Bradford may not be quite as gold as last year, there is no team which the other members of the North- -ern League would rather beat. They are without doubt the most popular team in the League, and their success against Lancashire teams has been most marked. They have played 25 matches and only lost eight. Thirteen of these matches have been with Lancashire teams, and they have only lost three of these. Warrington shares with Widnes and Leif..o.l the honour of being the only Lancashire teams to beat Bradford this season.

This victory should be an incentive to Warrington at their match at Hull to-day. They have a defeat to re- venue here. Oldham is the only team vet to beat War- rington twice, and therefore Warrington should endea- vour to prevent any other team doine• so. Hull are pretty strong forward,and if they can he held there,Warrineon have a capital chance of reversing the verdict of the first match,which it must be remembered was at the expense of the team which went on strike.

The committee have chnsel the same team to go to Hull to-day that played on Saturday,with the exception that Clark, who was unfortunately hurt during tho last five minutes of the match, has been replaced by Higgin- botham, an old St. Mary's player. The following is the team : Heesom, full back ; Lawless. Barber, Cross, and Carey, threequarters ; Foden and Higginbotham, half backs ; Burrows, Nevins, Swift, Taylor, Barrett, Thorn- ton, Andrews, and Fairhurst. forwards.

St. Helens came a cropper on Stturdayand Stockport have now beaten them twice this season, and have the satisfactory record of 19 points to three against them. Their luck which was so prominent at the beginning of the season seems to be leaving them, for they lest the Halifax match by the penalty goal. In the beginning of the season, it was quite usual for them to win by a try or a penalty goal.

Widnes could not aet the better of Wakefield Trinity, nor could Wakefield Trinity get the betttr of them, and the result was a pointless draw. This was sufficient to prevent Wanington getting in front of them, though as the wire pullers have a game in hand,they have still the best record.

Leeds will have good cause to remember their matches with Runcorn this season, for their lines have been crossed ten times by the Cheshire club, in the two matches played. Runcorn have evidently got over the drubbing thay received from o!dhlm, and have still the satisfactory position of fifth in the table. Manningham have the championship both of the York3hire section,and of the whole League apparently safe, but still there is many a slip between the cup and the lip, and it would not take much to let either Halifax or Oldham slip in.

The Northern League is:as follows : Score. Score.

Pld. Won. Lost. Drn. Foe. Ag'st. Pta. anningharn 24 ... 19 ... 5 ... 0 ...187 ... SO ... 38 Halifax Oldham Br'ghouse Ran 24 ... 13 ... 5 ... 6 ...124 ... 65 ... 32 Runcorn 23 ... 12 ... 4 ... 7 ...180 ... 74 ... 31 Wigan 23 ... 11 ... 5 ... 7 ...110 ... 68 ... 29 Bradford! Leigh Hull Liversedge 22 ... 11 ... 9 ... 2 ...183 ...125 24 Tyldesley Hunslet *St.Helens 22 ... 9 ... 7 ... 6 ... 83 ... 69 ... 22 Leeds Widnes Warrington Stock port Br'ght'n Ran 22 ... 5 ... 13 ... 4 ... 84 ...116 ... 14 Wakefield T 24 ... 5 ... 15 ... 4 ... 46 .. 185 ... 14 Batley 22 ... 4 ... 13 ... 5 ... 57 ...177 ... 13 Huddersfield 22 ... 5 ... 15 ... 3 ... 77 ...135 ... 13 Rochdale H 24 ... 3 ... 14 ... 7 ... f 0 ...167 ... 13 The Lancashire dabs are as follows :

Score Score Pts. Pld. Won Lost Drn For. Ag'st. Runcorn

Oldham

78 ... 25 ... 16

Wigan Leigh *St. Helens Tvklesley Warrington Rochdale H lO ... 2 ... 4 ... 4 ... 26 ... 57 ... 8 Stockport Widnes B g'ht'n Ran ll ... 0 ... 8 ... 3 ... 11 ... 58 ... 3 The Yorkshire clubs are as follows :

Score Score Pte. PM. Won. Lost, . Drn For. Ag'st. Manningha.m 12 ... 11 ... 1 ... 0 ... 93 ... 33 ... 22 Hull l3 ... 7 ... 5 ... 1 ... 83 ... 36 ... 15 B'ghouse Ran l3 ... 6 ... 5 ... 2 ... 61 ... 36 ... 14 Liversedge l2 ... 6 ... 5 ... 1 ... 87 ... 57 ... 13 Halifax Leeds

Hunslet Bradford l2 ... 3 ... 5 ... 4 ... 31 ... 50 ... 10 Huddersfield ll ... 3 ... 7 ... 1 ... 27 ... 55 ... 7 BAtley l2 ... 3 ... 8 ... 1 ... 31 ... 86 ... 7 Wakefi'd Tri'tv 11 ... 2 ... 8 ... 1 ... 17 ...108 ... 5 * St. Helens have had two points deducted for playing an Ineligible man.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
POST OFFICE SAVINGS BANK.

IMPORTANT NOTICE.

The Press Association understands that notices have been issued by the Postmaster-General calling public at- tention to the liPw life insurance tables which will come into force on February Ist, by which the annual pre- miums in respect of Post Office Savings Bank life insur- ance will be reduced, and the principle of old age insur- ance will be extended. Per..ions will be able to effect such insurances through the Post Office Savings Bank to mature at ages of 55, 60,and 65 years (or sooner in the event of death), instead of at 60 years only, to which such insurances have hitherto been limited. Beside these advantages there remain all the existing opportus nities of saving money and for providing against the uncertain future. Old age pensions, in the form of immediate or deferred annuities, may he secured. Ordinary deposits up to £5O a year and £2OO in all, and investments in Government stock up to £2OO a year and £5OO in all,may be made ; and even children and small investors are not overlooked. They may save even a penny at a time by means of the shilling, stamp deposit forms.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
PARISH COUNCIL, THELWALL.

On Monday evening a meeting of the above Coun- cil was held in the schoolroom, Thelwall, under the presidency of the Rev. T. Pym Williamson. There was no business to transact except the passing of two or three accounts. This having been done, the meeting terminated.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
ODDFELLOWS' SUPPER AT RUNCORN

THE QUESTION OF OLD AGE PENSIONS.

The members of the Loyal Wright's Pride Past Grands' Lodge had their annual supper on Friday evening, at the Devonshire Hotel, Runcorn. Among those present were :—P. G. JoFeph Pritchard (chairman), P.P.G.M. George Burrows (vice-chairman;, P. G. Frsnk Cringhall (president of the lodge),P.G. K.J.Pendlebury (vice presi- dent), P,P.U.M.'s Robert Vizight (treasurer),H. B. Toone (secretary), R. Roberts, John Hilton, Peter Kilcross, W. Cringball, George Riley, William Powell, and George Rutter; P.D.G.M. W. E. Dudley, P.G.'s Rowland Jones, Joho Groome, William Ford, Greenway, Millington, George Millington, G. H. Walton, and William Wright. After a very substantial supper, well served by Brother Raining. The Chairman proposed the usual loyal and patriotic toasts,which were duly honoured,and P.I.G.M. Roberts responded for the Army, Navy, and Reserve ' forces.—Mr. Burrows submitted the Manchester Unity in a very brief address. The toast was heartily drunk.— The Chairman in resnonding said it was the spirit of in- dependence which actuated the founders of the great system of frienOly societies, which had done so much to foster brotherhood among them, and had taught many of the working classes what could be done by unity. It was the same spirit of independence which had estab- lished among them the great principles of trade union and co-operative eecieties, which, if rightly guided ,were certain to proch 'narked change iii the relationship of capital and la_ between masters and men. It was the same indepe --ece which now induced them to ask for a system of . aided old age pensions, so that the one great dread early all honest hard-workingmen, namely, that of ending their days in the Workhouse, or • what was sometimes worse,of dying of starvation, which might be removed. But there were many clear hard- headed men in the order who said that the pensions would only be another name for State-aided pauperism, and that they as Oddlellows would thereby lose their in- dependence. That, however, was not his opinion, for he believed the thing out to be done outside all efforts which might be put forward bo their existing friendly societies, for their funds were not yet of sufficient mag- nitude to grapple with the difficulty ; but yet from ex- perience returns ',light be made out which would enable the Government to see what would be required, and thus they might be induced to allocate a portion of the immense wealth of the nation to relieve the wants of the hard-working labouring poor, after they became in- capacitated:through the infirmities of old age.(Applause.) l'o those of their brethren who said that by being State- aided they would lose their independence he would put the question, Did the great ones of the laud do so by re- ceiving a State pension ? He instanced the Duke of Marlborough. Aeain, did the great army of officers and servants, in their militaryeaaval, or civil service lose their independence by accepting their pensions ? De- cidedly not ; and when they saw several millions voted year after year for the support fo the richer people of the country, he thought the Government might with justice be asked to vote a million or two for the work- ing-classes who had become incapacitated for long con- tinued labour through the infirmities of old age . (Applause.) In conclusion , he proposed success to the Runcorn District of Oddfellows. —Mr. Burrows said that Oddfellowship was established in the Runcorn District in 1828, when the Ebenezer Lodge was formed by the Warrington district. William the Fourth Lodge was opened eight years later. About that time it appeared Warrington, Runcorn, and North- wich constituted one district, but in the early thirties the latter two separated from the former. In 1840 Run- corn settled down for itself, when the Rock of Horeb Lodge was merged in William the Fourth. Their district then comprised two lodges—Ebenezer, with 240 mem- bers, and William the Fourth, 100, with a funeral fund of £228 6;. BJ. In 1852 the Royal Oak Lodge was founded at Widnes, which was officered by Runcorn. Their strength at this period was Ebenezer 201, William IV. 132, and Royal Oak 25, total 358. In 1862 an appli- cation was made to establish the Duke of Devonshire

Lodge, and TW 1-864 the first treasurer was appointed, whilst in 1866 their present occupant of that office, Mr. Robert Wright, was elected. Ir . the same year Bro. Wright proposed the formation of a Past Grand's Lodge, which was carried into effect, and called after the founder,and they were now celebrating its anniversary. The speaker alluded to the opening of two lodges at Appletontafter which he said the present position of the Rtincorn Distrirt was 1,102 adult members, 39 widows,a funeral fund of £489 163. 4d., with an aggregate sick fund of nearly £9,000. He concluded by proposing the health of the district visitors.—Mr. Dunning acknow- ledged this.—Mr. Robert Wright responded to the Past Grands Lodge. He said it had been established 29 years, during which time they had buried 20 members. There were only four of the past grands made on the opening night who were present that evening, namely, Bros. Roberts,Kilcross, Cook, and himself. They stood in the proud position of being worth £5l 83., and the member- ship was 51.—The Chairman submitted "Success to the town and trade of Runcorn."—Mr.Cook,in replying,said there was every reason to believe that the clouds would be dispersed, and success would be experienced by them.—The other toasts were "The Press," and "The Host and Hostess." The speeches were interspersed with songs by Messrs. Harrison, W. E. Dudley,G.H. Walton, Boyers, and Clare. Mr. W. Grounds was the accom- panist.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

On Tuesday afternoon at the Board room, Dutton Workhouse, the fortnightly meeting of the above-men- tioned council was held. Mr. J. Mclntyre, J.P.,occupied the cha;r, and there were also present :—Admiral Parry, Mes Ar. H. E. Heywood, .J. Brandreth, J. M. Williams. T. Baxter, C.C., J. Knowles, E. Aaron, T. Wright, J. B. Chadwick, T. Lewis, W. Pickering, T. Darlington, C. Roylance, J. Whitlow, J. Stokes, J. Spruce, C. Mounfield, and Mr. Ashton (clerk), Mr. G. Ashton (deputy clerk), 11,1Psars. Diggle and Swinton (surveyors), Dr. Adams (medical officer), and Mr. Farrington (nuisance inspec- tor).

THE WATER SUPPLY OF SUTTON. The Clerk to the Sutton Parish Council (Mr. J. Robin- son) forwarded a copy of a resolution which had been unanimously passed by the members, requesting the Rural District Council to engage Mr. Timmins, of Run- corn to make the requisite survey plans and estimates of the scheme adopted by the Parish Council- for supply- the township with water.—Avreed to on the motion of Mr. Wright. secemded by Mr. Knowles.

TEM SKIP CANAL. The Parliamentary Committee met at the clerk's office, Frodsham, on Saturdav,Mr.Brandreth presiding. There , were also present Messrs. Aaron, Chadwick, Baxter, Wallington, Roylance, Woodward, Wright, Stokes, and Heywood,with officials. Reporta as to sewer outfalls emptying in the Ship Canal, &c., were presented by Messrs. Diggle and Swinton, surveyors The Clerk read a letter from the Manchester Ship Canal Company in- viting the committee to a conference with reference to the new Bill. It was resolved on the motion of Mr. Woodward, seconded by Mr. Aaron, that Messrs. Mc Intyre, Brandreth, Heywood, Wallington, Chadwick,and J. Roylance,with the clerk, surveyors. and Inspector of Nuisances, be appointed a deputation to meet the repre- sentatives of the Canal Companv, and that the deputa- tion meet such representatives at the Bridgewatee Elouse Runcorn,on the 22nd inst.,at 120 in the afternoon. It was further resolved that the clerk thank the Ship Canal Company for their kind invitation to join the represen- tatives at luncheon,and express regret at not beicg able to do so.—The report was adopted on the motion of Mr. Brandreth. It was decided that the names of Mr. Aaron and Mr. Wright be added to the Parliamentary Com- mittee.

THE LONDON AND NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY BILL. The Parliamentary Committee met to consider the London and North-Western Ralway 811. The Clerk produced a copy of the Bill, and Mr. Swinton, surveyor, read a report thereon, pointing out how it effected the Council's district. It was resolved that the Clerk con- sider such repkrt,and if necessary call a meeting of the committee with reference thereon.

HELSBY PARISH COUNCIL.

_ A resolution adopted by the Helsby Parish Counci was forwarded by the Chairman, and it suggested that in future if any committee were formed to report on local matters, the Chairman of the Parish Council should be invited to join such committee as representinv the Parish Council.—Mr. Heywood proposed that the Clerk write to the Chairman of the Helsby Council stating that in future any business the Rural District Council might have which came within the scope of the Parish Council or their duties relating thereto they would be informed of it, but with regard to District Council work they could not put members of the Parish Council un corn- mittees.—Mr. Aaron seconded, and it was carried. THE TAXATION OF CYCLISTS. The seal of the Council was affixed to a petition to the Local Government Board praying for the taxation of cyclists, the money to be devoted to the repairs of main reads, on the motion of Mr. Baxter, C.C., seconded by Mr.T. Lewis.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE.

_ The financial statement was submitted by Mr. Bran- dreth who stated that the balance in hand was £2,978 93. 7d. Cheques had been signed for payment amount- ing to £253 19s. 10d.—Mr. Heywood seconded the adop- tion of the report, and it was carried. MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT.

Dr. Adams reported that there had been 2 cases of scarlet fever at Preston Brook ; 15 fresh cases at Frods- ham ; 2 at Hatto., ; 1 at Keckwick ; 1 at Hatton !In con- sequence of the spread of the epidemic he had recom- mended that the schools at Frodaham and Overton be closed for one month.—ln answer to a question by Mr. Stokes, Dr. Adams said the closing of schools would also refer to Sunday schools.—The report was adopted.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
A COMPLAINT.

A letter was read from Mr. Thomas Hulse, 155. War- grave-read, Earlostown, complaining of tile imperfect sewerage arrangements in Townfield-lane, Frodsham, causing him a great dcal of inconvenience and entailing various exponses to his property there. He was disgusted and annoyed at G state of the drains, and his wonder wac that his tena..:s had not complained more strongly against it.—The communication was referred to • the Frodsham Parochial Committee. _ -

This -was all the business of public importance.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION TO THE REV. A. J. JAMESON.

There was an interesting gathering in Newtown Schoolroom, on Thursday evening, when the Rev. A. J. Jamescn who has had charge of St. Michaels Church,but who is now vicar of Brinksway, near Stockport, was presented with several tokens in recognition of his three years earnest labours in connection with the church. The presentations took the form of an illuminated address artistically prepared in album form, a silver breakfast dish containing his monogram, and also a revolving book-stand. To Miss Jameson there was pre- sented a silver salver containing a suitable inscription, and a silver tea service. Mr. F. A. Lake occupied the chair and there were also present the Revs. A. J. Jame son,and H. B. Firth, Messrs. J. H. Weston, A. Lightburn Eaton Speakman, J. E. Meredith, James Litter, E Harrison, C. Pownall, E. Ridge, J. Clarke, J. Mort, T. Bowyer, W. Miles, and W. Cropper. The Chairman stated that he had received letters from the Rev. H. C. Moyle and Mr. Mellor apologising for their absence; Continuing, he said they were there to present Mr. Jameson and Miss Jame- son with some tangible expression of their appreciation of their work amongst theta during the past few years. He would like to say how fully he appreciated Mr. Jam- eson's work. He (Mr. Lake had found in him not only a true honest parish clergyman who had been able to put in a word in season and help them in their very best interest, but also a thorough manly friend, and a man who bad taken a modest part in their amusements and recreations. He had made the latter portion of his ministry doubly welcome by bringing his sister amongst t'le 1. He thought her kindly gracious manner had only s xcelled by her strong sense of duty. No self- sacrifice had been too great if she had felt it duty's call. He was sure they all wished both Mr. Jameson and Miss Jameson a successful and happy life. (Applause.) Mr. Weston,in handing the giit to Mr. Jameson,wished to record on behalf of the officers of the church the kindness and the courtesy they had always received from Mr. Jameson for which they desired to give him their heartfelt thanks, and to say how keenly they would feel his departure. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. A. J. Jarrseson thanked the previovs speakers for their kind expressions concerning him, and said he was unable to convey in his poor words how sincerely he thanked all for their kindness to him. His work at Runcorn had extended throughout his ministerial career with the exception of a year and a half at Chester. He began at Weston where he was received most kindly and where he received tokens of the greatest regard, and at St. Michael's after his return from Chester they had ever since treated him in that kind way which had thrown them so closely together. It had been the greatest veasure to work amongst them with such an unanimous people. He then proceeded to speak of the work of the officers of the church, the choir, Sunday school teachers, and in reference to the Vicar, he expressed the hope that they might see him speedily restored to health and actively engaged in parish work again. In the Vicar they had felt that they had a strong man at the head. (Applause.) Mr. M. Lightburn made the presentation to Miss Jameson owing to the indisposition of Mr. Nelson. He said he felt it a privilege to do so. Though no doubt secondary to that of Mr. Weston, yet there was in the presentation to Miss Jameson special considerations. Her work had not been official but purely voluntary. She had no inducements of special gain or of future pre- ferment ; her labour had been for the pure love of the work which her brother had so well led. They desired to express I heir high appreciation of the great interest she had taken in the parish,and he had great pleasure in asking Miss Jameson te accept as a slight token of their esteem the afternoon tea service together with the cordial good wishes of the congregation and friends of St. Michael's with whom she had laboured so harmoniously during the past three years. (Applause.) On behalf of Miss Jameson, the Rev. A. J. Jameson thanked them for the present, alluding t@ his sister's work, and expressing the wish that when any of them came near Stockport they would visit him. The proceedings closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman, on the proposition of Mr. Weston,seconded by Mr. A. Lightburn.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
FATAL ACCIDENT TO A RIINCORIAN

On Thursday morning, while steering the Runcorn flat Jacob, of which John Waterworth, of 27, Lightburn-st., Runcorn, is captain, his son Samuel was struck on the head by the tiller and instantly killed. The vessel was at Talycafn, and was laden with stone for the new bridge over the river Conway. Mr. Shaw (missionary) received a request from Captain Waterworth by telegraph to break the sad news to the relatives. This he did, and subse- quently went to Talycafti in deference to the wishes of the parents.—A rumour gained currency the same day that Richard Johnson, of Brook-st., Runcorn, in company with.another man, both of whom are employed by Mr. Richard Abel, carrier, Runcorn, had been drowned in the South-end docks, Liverpool, the previous night. From enquiries made on Thursday it was ascertained that there was RO truth in the rumour as far as Runcorn was concerned.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSJIAM.

CONSERVATIVE CLUB ANNUAL MEETING.—This meet- ing was held on Wednesday evening, Mr. A. Thomas occupied the chair,and there were also present—Colonel Ashton and Mr. T. D. Timmins, vice-presidents, Mr. S. Davies (treasurer), Mr. 11. Tiley (secretarv),Messrs. E.G Steward, H. E. Heywood, W. B. Frith, B. A. Rigby, J. Gorst, E. Ashworth, A. J. Ashworth, C. Linaker, jun.,J. Wilkinson, J. Entwistle, R. Tickle, F. W. Spencer, F. W. Dunsford, and Thomas Evans. The treasurer produced the balance sheet for the past year which showed the re- ceipts to be £284 13s. 7d. and the payments £291. 45.6 d., leaving a talance due to the treasurer of £6 103. 10d., against which there were assets, exclusive of furniture, of £l4 10s. Bd. The report was adopted on the motion of Mr. W. B. Frith, seconded by Mr. T. Evans. The re- tiring officers were thanked for their past services, and the election of officers was then proceeded with. Mr.A. Thomas was re-elected president, and the other officers appointed were as follows :—Colonel Ashton, Dr. Steele, Dr. Weaver, Mcssrs. W. C. Collieson, W. Mortimer,J.P., and T. D. Timmins, vice-presidents; Mr. E.G. Steward, secretary and treasurer, and Messrs. E. Ashworth, S. Davies, J. Entwistle,T. Davies, J.Gorst, J. Holland,F.W. Spencer, R. Tickle, and H. Tiley, committee, Mr. W. R. Frith, auditor. Votes of thanks to the Chairman were passed, and the meeting then terminated. THE NEW PHOTOGRAPHY.

MIXING EXPERIMENTS AT BERLIN AND PARIS. The "Daily News" Berlin correspondent gives an account of some very interesting and striking experi- ments with the newly discovered Röntgen photographs which took place at Berlin on Tuesday in the" Urania," an institution having for its object the diffusion of know- ledge concerning new inventions and discoveries and all forms of Progress. The correspondent says :—" Dr. Spiess, the experimentalist of the Urania, has from the moment that Professor Rontgen's discovery became known placed his ability at its service, and he has suc- ceeded in producing photographs whieh have turned out better than even those of the discoverer himself, After a brief but very clear lecture about the basis of Professor Rontgen's discovery, and the differences between the x 'rays and the known cathodic rays produced in Crookes's tubes,Dr. Spiess passed on to the experiments. He showed that the'x' rays pass through wood, alu- minium, and other solids, penetrating more easily, how- ever, bodies of light specific gravity than substances of greater density. They pass through wood, for instance, more easily than through glass. Dr. Spiess took a purse put a key and some coins into it, wrapped up the whole in black paper,and laid it on a photographic plate. In order to show the great penetrating power of the rays, he laid on top of the wrapped up purse a board two fingers in thickness. He then exposed the whole to the rays electrically produced in the Routgen tubes. After about fifteen minutes,which were occupied with various very interesting demonstratians,Dr. Spiess took out the plate, developed it,and had it thrown by limelight on to a white curtain. With 'the greatest clearness one now saw the key and the coins,while even the outlines of the purse were scarceiy seen. " Among other photographs shown was a very inter- esting one representing the hand of a servant belonging to the institution. This man years ago ran into his hand a piece of glass, which could not be extracted, and always perpetrated deeper. The photograph of the skeleton of the hand produced by Professor Rontgen's method showed this bit of glass quite distinctly. Another interesting photograph was the following. Dr. Spiess took a box,the sides of which were held together by screws,only the heads of them of course,being visible to the human eye, the other part being inside the wood. In this box he laid a watch chain,and then exposed the whole to the ',2c 'rays. The photograph produced showed the chain, the whole length of all the screws, and not a trace of the wood. Another photograph of a hand showed clearly a broken bone in one of the fingers. Very interesting also was she reproduction of a photograph made by Professor Roatgen of a large metal plate. It appeared that the plate had been broken in different places, then welded together,and so smoothed over that one saw nothing c f the joins. The Röntgen rays brought the fracture to light quite distinctly. "Dr. Spiess warned the audience against premature optimism as regards the Practical employment of Prof. Riintgen's discovery. He nevertheless said that hopes were justified that it would be brought to greater perfection before long. Considering that Professor Röntgen made his first experiments only a few weeks ago, the result achieved was a very favourable one." The matter was also under discussion at the last meeting of the French Academy of Sciences, when M. Poincare exhibited a number of photographs which had been taken of objects placed behind opaque bodies. They were examined with great interest by the assembled savants, and Professor Lannelongue expressed the hope that the method might be found useful in surgery, and announced his intention of endeavouring to make nse of it in his hospital work. M. Poincarci further stated that MM. Oudin and Barthelemy had repeated 'the experi- , mcnts of Professor Röntgen with perfect success.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
EA.RLESTOWN tiND NEWTON.

JUVENILE GOOD TEMPLARS.

On Saturday evening the me aabers of the Pride of Earlestown lodge of juvenile templars were enter- tained to tea in the Co-operative Hall by the adult lodge, out of the proceeds of the carol party. About 50 of the juveniles and a number of adults partook of tea, the remainder of the evening being spent in games of various kinds, and on leaving each of the children were presented with fruit. la .

===== 0002601_18960125_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
1.0.G.T.

The usual weekly session of the Earlestown Ebenezer Lodge was held in the Co-operative Hall on Tuesday evening, and was presided over by Bro. W. Hatton, C.T. A vote of confidence with Sister Mrs. Hall in her sad breavement through the death of her husband was passed by all the members rising and taking a silent vote of true sympathy. Bro. Petterson, district treasurer of Liverpool, after- wards presided, and gave a very interesting and instructive speech. A hearty vote of thanks was tendered to him for his services. THEFT OF BEEF AT EARLESTOWN.

At the Town Hall, Newton on Monday morning before Mr. T. J. Gillespie, James Donoghue a collier, of Haydock was charged with ha cing stolen 121bs of beef from the shop of Mrs. Clark, butcher of Market-street, Earlestown. The prisoner was seen by P.C. Bullen to take the beef from the shop win- dow, and the officer at once seized him, but he threw the beef into the street where it was picked up by P.C. Green. Prisoner was remanded for a week on the application of Sergeant Clarke, and was removed to Strangeways gaol.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
SUDDEN DEATH OF A CHILD.

The police on Sunday- received a report of the sudden death of a child named George Wakefield,l4 months old, infant son of Robert Wakefield, of Bank-street, Earlestown. The child had been delicate from birth, but had not been medically at- tended. On Saturday night when it was put to bed, it seemed rather better than usual, but when the parents awoke next morning they found the child dead in bed. The facts were reported to the coroner, but he did not deem an inquest necessary.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
ADMISSIONS TO HA.YDOCK COTTAGE HOSPITAL.

Thomas Fairhurst, a collier, aged 39, living at 21, Limekiln-road, llaydock, was on Monday at work in the Pewfall Pit, when he accidently drove a pick into his knee, and had to be removed to the hospital.—James Smith, aged 47, of Mercer-street, Newton, was also admitted into the hospital on Monday, he having had several ribs fractured through being caught by a box in one of the brows of the Wood pit, Haydock.—Thomas Hamilton, a boy aged 9 years, who lived with his parents in Penny-lane, llaydock, was severely burnt on the face and shoulders by the upsetting of a frying pan containing hot fat,and was removed to the hospital on Monday night.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
VIADUCT WORKS OFFICE STAFF DINNER.

There was a very pleasant gathering at the Bee Hotel, Liverpool, on Saturday evening, on the occasion of the annual dinner of the Viaduct Works office staff. The party left Earlestown by the 1.34 train, in a saloon specially provided for their accommodation, and on arrival in the city they dis- persed to pass the interval between then and the dinner hour, as they felt disposed. At six o'clock dinner was served at the Bee, and being of an excellent character, it is superfluous to say perhaps, that it was thoroughly enjoyed. The after dinner proceedings were presided over by Mr. T. Ormand, the vice chair being occupied by Mr. C. W. Emmett. Several toasts were proposed and suitably responded to, and songs were given by Messrs. J. Owen, J. Swann, C. W. Vmmett, C. H. Lea and S. Swann. Mr. T. F. Roberts ably filled the onerous post of accompanist. An enjoyable evening was passed and the party reached home about midnight.

Hous EHOLD LINENS, hemmed anti marked free of charge. J. and W. Dutton, Sankey-st., Warrington.—Advt.•

HOUSEHOLD Lirass,hemmed and marked free of charge —3. and W. DUTTON, Sankey-st., W arrington.—Advt HOUSEHOLD LiNvis,hemmed and marked free of charge. J. and W. Dutton, Sankey-st., Warrington.—Advt. VOLUNTEER BALL AT NEWTON..

The annual ball promoted by the " C " troop of Lancashire Hussars, and the Newton Detachment of the 6th V.B. Volunteers was held at the Town Hall, Newton, on Friday evening. The room was tastefully decorated by Mr. E. T. Evaus,there being a profuse display ol plants and flowers which added to the attractiveness of the room. The attendance was hardly as large as in previous years,there being only about 60 persons present. Dancing commenced at 8.30, and was kept up until 4 o'clock next morn- ing to music supplied by Mr, i'erlow's string band. The M.C.'s were Private Turner and Trooper Hib- bert, and the refreshments were supplied by Mr. .11. Ilibbert.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
SALVATION ARMY, _EARLESTOWN.

A two day's sale of work in connection with the local corps of the Salvation Army, was held in the barracks on Saturday and Monday last. The room had been decorated for the occasion, and the vari- ous stalls were tastefully arranged. There was a variety of articles, most of which had been contri- buted, and it was intended by the sale to raise funds towards the diminution of the slight debt in connection with the corps. There were six stalls, viz.: "Tradesmen's stall, consisting of all kinds of articles kindly given by the tradespeople of Earles- town, which was presided over by Messrs. Williams and Ashcroft; Corps stall,consisting of a variety of useful articles, made principally by the female soldiers and friends, presided over by Mrs. How- gate and Mrs. Evans; bandmen's stall, consisting of articles given expressly for the band expenses by friends, presided ever by Mrs. Harris and Miss Eachus ; junior's stall, consisting of small but pretty and attractive articles, made by the J. S. section of the corps, presided over by Miss C. Glover and Miss E. llolcroft ; refreshment stall, presided over by Mrs. Higson and Mrs. Newman; uniform stall, consisting of various manufactured articles of uniform. The sale was opened by Captain Wilkinson, but the attendance of the public was only meagre.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLARS.

The weekly session of the Hope of Earlestown Lodge of Good Templars was held in the Co-opera- tive Hall on Monday evening. Bro. James Halton, C.T., presided, and there was a full attendance of members, the visitors including Bros. Roberts and Jones,of Widnes. It was arranged to have on open 1 meeting on the Ist ebruary. The lodge was visited by 16 members of the Wesley Hall Lodge,LiverPool, who were introduced with honours. Bro. Rev. J.A. Lee, D.C.T., presided,and other offices were filled by the visitors. Bro. Lee gave a very encouraging address,and short addresses were also given by Bro. West and Sister Gibbons. The fo,iowing pro- gramme was excellently submitted :—Piano solo, "Hosanna," Bro. Lee, jun. ; recitation, "A. woman's story," Sister Bowley ; recitation, " A husband for a shilling," Bro. Rimmer ; song, " When there's love at home," Bro. Macfarlane ; recitation, "The weavers," Miss Bowley ; song, "The rescue,' Bro. J. A. Lee ; song, "A bad boy's diary,' Bro. Lee, jun. ; recitation, "Smoking and joking," Bro. Rimmer. A very pleasant evening was spent,and at the close a vote of thanks was accorded the visitors, on the motion of Bro. C. Drew, seconded by Bro. J. T. Halliday.

MISSIONARY MEETING AT NEWTON. On Saturday evening the annual meeting in aid of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts was held in the Town Hall, Newton. There was a fairly large audience, the Rev. F. W. Johnstone presiding in the absence of the Rev. H. Monk, who has not yet recovered from his accident of a week ago, and he was supported by the Rev.J. Lipscombe„missionary from British Columbia, and his son. Amongst those present were Captain and Mrs. Royse, Mrs. A. Smith, Misses Watkins, Mr.and Mrs. Singleton, and the church officers. The Chair- man prefaced his remarks by reading a letter from Mr. Nickerbon, who is now labouring as a mission- ary in South Africa, and who was formerly a resi- dent in this district. The contents of the mission- ary collecting boxes were Alien made known,, showing a total of £25 ss. 4d., being an increase of £5 13s. 11d. on the previous year. The reading of the names of the holders of the boxes and their amounts elicited much applause, the largest amount £5, coming from the Liverpool Farm School. The Rev. J. Lipscombe then delivered his lecture on the missionary work in British Colom- bia, which was illustrated with several coloured scenes of salmon fiAing, timber cutting, &c. At the conclusion of the address Captain ROySe. R.N., pro- posed a vote of thanks to the rev.gentleman for his interesting lecture, and supported the missionary's statements by relating his own experiences when or in British Columbia. The vote of thanks was suit- ably seconded by Mr. T. May and carried by acclamation. The collection which was afterwards made yielded £2 4s Md.—On Sunday the annual sermons were preached in St. Peter's Church,morn- ing and evening by the lecturer of the previous evening, and an address was given to the scholars in th -! afternoon. The collections during the day mounted to .E 5 17-i. 5d., making a total from all sources of £33 78. 4.1. towards the Society's funds.

===== 0002601_18960125_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

At the Boardroom, Dutton Workhouse, on Tuesday the fortnightly meeting of the Board of Guardians was h!3141 under the presidency of Mr. J. Knowles, and in additina to the members of the Rural Council being present there were the Rev. J. S. Simpson,Rey. Dr. Gastaldi, Mr.A.B* Norman, with Mr. Ashton (clerk), Mr. George Ashtor( (deputy ck.rk), and Mr. Cunnah (workhouse master).

===== 0002601_18960125_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
OUTDOOR WORK: TREATMENT OF LUNATICS.

Mr. Mclntyre moved the adoption of the Partial:OW tary Committee's recommendations, which were as fol• lows :—" That in the opinion of the Board it is deSir" able that anyone employed under the outdoor Labollf Test Order should not be disfranchised and that & petition be presented to Parliament thereon." Also "That in view of the growing burden imposed upon the rated by the increase of persons confined in public lunatin asylums it is desirable to distinguish between the differ' ent forms of mental disease. For these purposes, there fore, lunatics means persons suffering from acute tranin or other like disease, or labourin4 under delusions chronic lunatics meaning lunatics who, after treatment in an asylum are found to be harmless and not ne( Aarily requiring the strict supervision of an asylum, and also persons suffering from senile decay,softening of thn brain, or other like disease, who are harmless idiots and imbeciles from birth or early age ; that the grant of 49. a week at present given to Boards of Guardians lot pauper lunatic; should also be given for those ma tamed in workhouse wards ' • that the County Council required to appoint visitors for those idiots who are h(1 kept in lunatic asylums, and that it is desirable to e ' press an opinion as to the advisability of extending 4s. grant to idiots."—Mr. Aaron seconded, and it wan carried, Mr. Heywood voting against it.

A NEW WARD.

The Local Government Board authorised the Union tO cause an additional ward for males to be erected at the workhouse of the Union at a cost not exceeding £l5O.

THE PARLIAMENTARY COMMITTEE.

Mr. BrandrE th P aid he would like to tO the fact that the Parliam,ntary Committee had hitherto consisted of members of the District Council only, and as business connected with the Guardians came heforB it, he proposed that the names of the Rev. Dr. Gras:3lolf the Rey. J. Simpson, and Mr. Norman be added.—Thiff was agreed to.

THE DINING ROOM. The Master reported teat the Visiting Committee had had before them the report and plan of Mr. Davies, with reference to the extension of the dining mom. The esti, mated cost was from £6O to £7O, The committee had come to no decision on the subject, and he therefore" submitted it to the Board.—Mr. Heywood said although the sum stated was larger than was anticipated, at the same time he proposed that a specific Alen be drawn out and tenders asked for. The comfoit of the Guardiaought to be considered before an outlay of £6O, and. bea.Jet there would be increased room for the master,. ma..roL nd officials.—Mr. Wright snonded the motion. —Mr. 8.. B. Norman stated that the matter was an ha' portent one, and should be referred to a special comniit.' tee in order to see if they could ~et reit of the difficulty without spending so much m&ney in the present dis- tressed state of trade. He moved a committee to ear sider the subject which was seconded and carried.

FINANCE. Mr. Heywood submittEd the report of the Finave Committee, showing that accounts amounting to R 4,964 14s. 6d. were recommended for payment. The out-rellL was as follows :—Runcorn £9o,Fiodsham £3O ,and Bn" worth £2O, which was shortly in excess of the average' The accounts included one of £212 3s. 3d.,for the mailr tenance of lunatics in the asylum for a quarter, whien was at the rate of 6s. sd. per head per week, a redue' tion of 7d. a week. In this respect they had no reason to grumble at the County Council. The balance in boa' was £2,522 18s. Bd.—Mr. Wright seconded, and the ree port was adopted. This was all the business of public interest.

ESTABLISHED 1358. E. AUK LAND, SR MONUM ENA I. MASON AND SCULPTOR, LEGH-STREE'T AND .180. MANCHESTER-ROADt

(Near Cemetery entranee), VAdifiniTiTfjN. Stone worked by steim power. Designs and e3timateo,,,a. free. Monuments, He tdstones, Crosses, .tc., always in "50, The cheapest firm in town for porcelain and China WI ter.. Crosses, Anchors, Harps, &c., to imitate riatural 00"„ act Also Globes and Shades to match. All kinds bf lettering '— gilding excel.: ed on the shortest notice.

- X C(fr Warrington.—Printed and Poblishei by JoitN at The Examiner General Printing Works, liewser9l:4ldo and Publishe(l also at The Examiher Offices, Victoria:' OP, WIDNES; H igh-street. RUNCORN; 32, George-streoV Helens; and 33, Market-street, EARLESTOWN.--3 25, 1896.

===== 0002601_18960125_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
CisiRIST CHURCH PARISH ROOM, LATCHFORD A THEATRICAL PERFORMANCE will be given in the above Room by the IMAM AMATEUR DRAMATIC SOCIETY, On THURSDAY. JANUARY 30th. The following Pieces will be presented— COUSIN ZACHARY," and " DUTCHESS OF BAYSWATER & CO." Characters will be sustained by lARS. ERNEST CROSFcELD MRS. RIDGWAY, MESSRS. ERNEST ATKIN, TOM HILL, WILLIAM NELSON, AND ARTHUR NELSON. Admission : Reserved Dress Seats, 3s ; 2s. ; is.. and 6d. Plan of Reserved Seats at Mr. Pearson's, Bold-street, on and after Saturday, the 18th, Doors open at 7.45, commence at 8. Ticket-holders ad- mitted at 7.30. A 'Bus will leave Connor's, Sankey-street, at 7.5, and return after the Performance. The Proceeds will be in aid of the Parish Room Funds. Tickets may be tad from Mr. Pearson, Bold-street ; Mr. H. Toft, Sankey-street ; and Mr. J. Hartley, Latchford.

BALL SEASON, 1895-9G.—Anderton's Bijou Orchestra.—Bands supplied any number, for 84118. Entertainments, Parties, &e., by R. Anderton, late 1-1.14. Life Guards Band, R A.M., H.M. State Ball Bands, and priueipal London Orchestras. All the latest music on hand. Novel...es prneured. Brass Bands coached. Euphonium and Trombone Soloist for Concerts.—For terms Apply R. ANDER- TON, 78, Buttermarket-Areet, Warrington.

MAND°I4IINTE , , GUITAR. BANJO VIOLIN, and p lANFORTE LESSONS given by an experienced LADY PROFESSOR. For Terms and full particulars apply to MISS MILNE, NORTH VIEW, OVERTON, FRODSHAM. Warrington, Runcorn, Widnes. Earlestown, and district visited. LIVERPOOL DOG, POULTRY, AND PIGE ON SHOW. NORTH HAYMARKET. JANUARY 28TH, 29TH, AND 30TH. 570 Masses. 180 Cups and Specials. Prizes for Paintings and Photographs. The largest Combined Show in England. A. M'KEN ZIE, Hon. Sec., 8, Great Charlotte-street, Liverpool. OPeas at 10 a.m. each day.

LIVERPOOL DOG SHOW, 1896. GEORGE AND COMPANYS LARGE ESTABLISHMENTS Are within 200 yards of the above (Opposite Crane and Sons), SCOTLAND-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. (See advertisement on page 5).

CYCLE SHOW, ST. GEORGE'S HALL, LIVERPOOL. FEBRUARY 4,5, AND 6TH. 1896. An EXHIBITION of the Leading CYCLES, Accessories, and Novelties, Entertainments Daily. SECRETARY T. PRICE, 2, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL.

- li 0L D - TRE E T WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. SUNDAY, JANUARY 26TH. REV. W. G. TRIGGS. MONDAY, JANUARY 27TH, at 8. in the Schoolroom, PIPTH POPULAR LECTURE OF THE WESLEY GUILD. c hs:The Construction of Locomotives ; or How Modern Illustrated by ModEellf,inAsdaerse&Mc.a,dbey."Mr. F. STANLEY BENNETT. . _ irman, R. G. CARPENTER Esq., M.A. Tickets 3d.,6d.,15.

WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY. SEASON 1895-6. PRESIDENT J, CHARLTON PARR, ESQ. THE SECOND CONCERT OF THE SEASON WILL BE GIVEN IN THE , PARR HALL, ON THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 13Trt, 1896. THE PROGRAMME WILL BE MISCELLANEOUS. ARTISTES : Miss CLARA. BUTT. SOLO VIOLIN: Miss ETHEL BARNS. SOLO PIANOFORTE: MR. FRANK W. REYNOLDS, CHORUS AID ORCHESTRA OF OVER 200 PERFORMERS. CONDUCTOR : MR. FRANK H. CROSSLEY. HON. ORGANIST MR. J. B. CALDWELL. n_„ueserved Dress Seats (Body of Hall and first row of Centre •-ruer9). 6s. Reserved Centre Gallery except First Row IL.L.ress optional), 4s. Second Reserved Seats, Body of Hall press optional), 3s. Reserved Side Gallery, 2s. 6d. Gallery (pack) Reserved, 2s. Gallery (Promenade), is. 6d. Admis- Slog, Is. ...The plan will be open to the Public at Mr. PEARSON'S, zOLD4rr., on Saturday, February 18t, at 10 a.m. Special Trains to Latchford, Thelwall, and Lymm from Arpiey Station, and to Earlestown aind Newton from Bank Quay at 10.30, after the Concert. Doors open at 7 p.m. Concert commences at 7.45. Carriages at 10.15. W. E. ATKIN, Hon. Sec. 22, Bold-st., Warrington. January, 1896.

ElO-BRESTON HUMBER TRICYCLE. little used, Grove, Lower condition, cost £24.—Apply HicirtErr. The Bet.ington.

CYCLES! CYCLES ! ! CYCLES !! ! THE CYCLE KING. J. WADDINGTON, (Holder of the 50 and 100 miles Northern Road Record), 16, ST. JA MES-STRE ET, WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE POLLITT, COLLIER TWO-SPEED GEAR, NEW HUDSON, ALLARD, MOHAWK, AND TRIUMPH CYCLES. Call and see him for GOOD RELIABLE MAC- HINES, REPAIRS, and Accessories. WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. Secondhand Machines always in Stock. Three years' Guarantee. LADIES' CYCLES A SPECIALITY. To meet the requirements of those who cannot see their way clear to Buy a Machine Right Out, by Paying £3 down they cm have a Machine any day during 1896. DON'T FAIL TO LOOK IN AT WADDINGTON'S CYCLE SHOW, 16, ST. JAM ES-STREET, (Just over river Bridge), ALSO AT MERSEY -CH AMBERS, MERSEY-STREET, W ARRIN GTON.

THOMAS J. RIGBY, JOIN ER AND BUILDER, ROSE AND CROWN-STREET, WARRINGTON. ESTIMATES /TEE. PROPERTY REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. RESIDENCE :-10, MERSEY MOUNT.

't CLARKE, EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, MARK ST-STREET, EARLESTOWN. GENERAL STATIONE it, NEWSAGENT, PRINTING and BOOKBINDING Done to Order. NEWSPAPERS and PERI( WICALS Delivered to Oroer. esod Assortment of new and Second-hand Books always in Stock.

( MORRIS'S TOLU AND lIONE-1 • • The only Cure for Colds, Coughs, Bronchitis, Ac. FA, 3101.1.1dS'S TIC-CURE PILLS The only Cure for NEURALGIA, TIC AND TOOTHACHE. MORRIS, CHEMIST. ALRxANDRA-ROAD, MANCHESTER, and all Dealers.

DIANOS FOR HIRE, 10s. Per Month. Tunings Free j NO HIRE CHARGED IF PURCHASEDIN 6 MONTHS' I THE BEST AND CHEAPEST HOUSB IN EUROPE FOE HIRING PIANOS AND ORGANS, Cl CRANE AND ONS, 217 TO 225, SCOTLAND-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

PIANos.-10s. pr month on Crane and Sens' easy n two, or three years' system. There is no other house in Europe that offers such really good piano on this easy system as CRA.NE and SONS, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

f_ COD SOUND SECON DHAND PIANOS returned form ‘..)1 hire.—Far superior to badly-constructed, low- priced new ones. Great sale—Grands and Cottages, Broadwoods, Collards, Erards, and other makers, from £lO to £lOO. Send for descriptive catalogues. All pianos packed free and sent to any part.—CRANE and SONS, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool. - PURCHASERS who can pay cash will find that the cheap- est house in the kingdom for new Grand and Cottage Pianos by Broadwood, Collard, Erard, Steinway, Bechstein, and other makers of repute is Crane and Sons, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool, where the merits of the Pianos by the respective makers can be tried side by side. All Pianos packed free and forwarded anywhere.—CßANE and SONS, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

Music-50 000 COPIES AT id. EACH. Lists post free, from CRANE and SONS, Great Music Warehouse, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

ANN SIMS deceased. All persons having any claims against the estate ot the late ANN SUMS, of Wesley Terrace, Lumber-lane, Burtonwood, are requested to sendparticulars to the undersigned, the Solicitor to the repre- eentatives, within 14 da) S. II J. LONGTON, Solicitor, Warrington and Earlestown. -------

SILIC UMBRELLAS RECOVERED from I 3s. 11d., any size. ALPACA from 2s. 6d. GLORIA from 3s. Repairs.—PAUL, Outfitter, 69, Bridge Street, Warrington.

RUPTURES, FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. .1.11) T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture • registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 & 9. Grosvenor-street, Lon- don-road. Manchester.

LATE RISING. Ths only sure remedy. Our Wonderful ELECTRIC SET Will awaken the most Sleepy Servant. COMPLETE 6s. 6d. INSPECTION INVITED. ADDRESSES : ELECTRIC D EPOT, EXCHANGE STATION, And 24, MANCHESTER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephones, ,Dynamos, Batteries, &c. COINS AND MEDALS. TO COLLECTORS. On SALE, Fine and Rare GOLD, SILVER, and COPPER COINS, WAR and HISTORICAL MEDALS, COIN CABINETS. Bcc. Highest price given for Coins, Medals, China, Old Sheffield Plate, Antique and Modern Silver, Curios, Diamonds, Jewelery. and Old Gold. V. S. PENNINGTON Sr, CO., NUMISMATISTS, MEDALLISTS, AND JEWELLERS. 63, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL, Established 1819. Valuations for Probate.

QCHIERWATER AND LLOYD SOLE LIVERPOOL ACT I.IORISED RETAIL AGENTS FOR THE WALTHAM WA'l CH COMPANY. SCHIERWATER, and LLOYD, as Practical Watch- makers, have gained a universal fame for these Watches as THE BEST TIMEKEEPERS IN THE WORLD. They are copied by all makers, thus paying them the highest compli- ment by imitation. Price unrivalled. Silver Cases, Chronometer Balance EI 10 0 Ditto, Keyless, ditto Gold, from 3 10 0 29, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLOS, MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Ch mot). Strings, Bows, Cases, etc., of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES AT 37, RENSH AW-STRIi ET, LIVERPOOL.

RIMIEST PRICE Given for Old Gold and Silver, Diamonds, Sheffielol and Electro Plate, Antiques, Dental Gold, &o. Letters attended to.- C. H. HAYHURST late J.Harris Gibson), 73, ttenshaw-etreet, Liverpool

PERSONAL APPEARANCE.—HOW TO IMPROVE.—TAILS OF PURE HAIR, 10s. 6d. HAIR COMBINGS 1. per oz. IMMOVABLE I from MADE UP, j 2s. SC ALPETTES, 21s. SHALES BROWN, 3, LEECE-STREET, (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL, MACINTOSHES MADE, ALTERED, REPAIRED, CLEANED ex., at low charges. Country parcels receive special attention.—The MACINTOSH REPAIRING COM- PANY, 8 PRESCOT-STREET, one door before the Roya Liver Liverpool.

OPERA GLASSES. SPECTACLES, BAROMETERS, Ac., At 25 per cent. less than Lord-street prices. CHADBURN AND SON, OPTICIANS, 17, JAMES-STREET, LIVERPOOL. (Opposite Mersey Tunnel Station).

UMBRELLAS,— Practical Manufacturer : re-covered in Silk from 4s. 61., in half-an-hour ; repairs on the shortest notice.—A. large variety of second hand umbrellas from is. 6d, to 2s. 64. each, Established 30 years.—McelimEz, 65 Thomas-street, Manchester.

SMOKE BLACK NIGGER NAVY, READY CUT IN ONE OUNCE PACKETS AT 3D. MANUFACTURED BY BAKER BANER AND CO., HANGING DITCH, MANCHESTER.

, " sto BOROUGH OF tipip ,roe . WARRINGTON. , - WR ARINGTON CORPORATION CONCENTRATED MANURE. Eighteenth Season. General Agent—Mr. WILLIAM HOUGHTON. PADDINGTON, near Warrington.

CORPORATION OF THE CITY OF MANCHESTER. CONCENrRATED MANURE MADE FROM SLAUGHTER-HOUSE AND MARKET REFUSE, EXCREMENT FROM PAIL CLOSETS, BLOOD, BONE, F DELIVERED IN BAGS, CARRIAGE&C., DELIVERED IN 2 TON LOTS WITHIN 60 MILES AND 4 TON LOTS WITHIN 100 MILES, AT £3 PER TON. Special price over 100 miles. SUPPLY strictly limited. DUD FRS should be given early in the season to prevent disappointment. Full particulars from R. D. (/ALLISON, INDOOR SUPERINTENDENT, Cleansing Department. Town Hall, Manchester; , Or to J. W. °ALLISON, Beswick, Manchester; BOLD ALDRED, Stamford Road, Altrincham.

FISH CHEAPER THAN EVER! GAME AND POULTRY FOR THE WEEK-END. THE GRIMSBY FISH SUPPLY CO. (Middle of the Fish Market.) ARE NOW OPEN EVERY DAY With all kinds of POULTRY to meet the wants of the Working Classes. RABBITS, from 9D. each. CHICKENS, from is. 3D. each. DUCKS, from is. 3D. each. TURKEYS, from 7D. per lb. GEESE, from SD. per lb. ALL KINDS OF FISH FROM 2D. PER LB. GUARANTEED ALWAYS FRESH. PATRONIZE THE GRIMSBY -FISH SUPPLY CO. KEEP THE PRICES DOWN. ORDERS DELIVERED IN TOWN AND DISTRICT. NOTE THR ADDRESS. IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FISH MARKET, WARRING-TON.

SPRING FASHIONS. HARMAN DREW, 129, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL, Is now showing all the NEW SHAPES in STRAW HATS for Spring. Prices 71d., 18. Od., is. 61d., is. 111(1., and 2s. 11d. The Smartest and Cheapest Hats in LIVERPOOL. Surplus Stock of Felt Hats now clearing at 4.0.

SK ATES, SKATES, SKATES. IMMENSE STOCK FOR CHOICE. FROM 25.6 u. TO 30s. EVERY VARIETY, AND ALL WARRANTED, Or Money Returned. REPAIRS and GRINDING done on the Premises. NOTE.—ONLY ADDRESS : 15. BASNETT-STREET LIVERPOOL, (Opposite G. H. Lee's). Telegraph: "Fishing, Liverpool." Telephone 5,611.

WILLIAM GILL, FAMILY BUTCHER AND CONTRACTOR. 9, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. ORDERS BY POST OR CARRIER RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. Deliveries in Town and Suburbs every Morning; LYMM, every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday; WINWICK, PE NKETH, SANKEY and BOLD, Tuesdays and Fridays; MOORE, DARESBURY, NORTON, &e., Wednesdays and Fridays. TELEPHONE 118.

W. CHESTER, 132, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON, TOBACCONIST AND BRUSH MANUFACTURER AND DEALER IN ,XLL BINDS OF FANCY GOODS,

THOMAS FRAIN, DEBT COLLECTOR and GENERAL COMMISSION AGENT, HAS REMOVED TO 28, BEWSEY ROAD, WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION Special Arrangements, &a., for the Collection of WHOLESALE ACCOUNTS.

TANNERS' LANE COAL WH ARF WARRINGTON. THE PEARSON &ND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY. LIMITED, INCE HALL COLLIERIES, NEAR WMAN. AGENT WESTGARTH. All kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine coal kept in stock. Wagons sent to any Railway Station, H ouse Orders promptly attended to. Telephone No. 98

JOSEPH TURNER, WHOLESALE SMALLWARE, HARDWARE, AND GENERAL MERCHANT, 54, HORSEMARKET - STREET, WARRINGTON. Wringing Machines a Specialty.

RICIIARD BRETHERION FAMILY BUTCHER, 4, BT. JAMES'S-STREET, WARRINGTON. PRIME BEEF, MUTTON, LAMB, VEAL, PORK, &C., Always on hand, from std. to Sid. per lb. ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO, and delivered when required.

W. P. & W. SKELTON, LTD., JUBILEE BUILDINGS, WARRINGTON, HAVE PLEASURE TO ANNOUNCE THAT THEY INTEND RE-OPENING JUBILEE BUILDINGS, ON SATURDAY, FEBRUARY IST., WITH A NEW AND COMPLETE STOCK IN ALL DEPARTMENTS.

T. & W. CROSS, BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS, LONGI'O RD-STREET, WAr.RINGTON. BOILER AND CHIMNEY ERECTORS, FURNACE CONSTRUCTORS, DRAINAGE WORK, STREET MAKING and every Deacription of BUILDING or CONTRACTORS' WORK ESTIMATED FOR.

BOYDELL BROS. TAILORS, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. ANNUAL REDUCTION. 15 PER CENT. FROM USUAL PRICES DURING THE WHOLE OF JANUARY. A POPULAR CONCESSION. z

JON. BLUNDELL & SON, PEMBERTON, WIGAN AND ORRELL COLLIERIES. COAL WHARF, 27, GEE STREET, WARRINGTON. ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES. COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS, UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER. JOHN DIGNU3I, AGENT.

NOW OPEN 231 BUTTERMARKET STREET, With a well-selected Stoch of BOOKS, STATIONERY, AND FANCY GOODS, JOHN S. GREEN, PRINTER, BOOKSELLER AND STATIONER, 34„BRIDGE-STREBT, WARR/NG-TON.

E V A N'S ANNUAL STOCK-TAgING SALE WILL COMMENCE ON " 'SATURDAY, FEfin GREAT REDUCTIONS AND GENUINE BARGAINS IN EACH DEP:XTSIENT. EVANS', 175 SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

DR. BERTELLI'S CATRAMIN PILLS (Globular shaped Pastilles.) FOB COUGHS, CATARRH, INFLUENZA, CONSUMPTION. This celebrated Medicine is strongly recgmmended for all affections of the Throat and Lungs. It is invaluable fo Singers, Lecturers and Clergymeu. Price Is. 10. and 2s. 9d. per box. To be obtained of all Chemists and the Wholesale Agents, W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria Strict, London, 0.0.

obipp tug f).otiretc.

WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. , • I 'll. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. EVERY WEDNESDAY. Cotton not carried on Passenger Steamers. *MAJESTIC Wed.. Jan. 29. I GERMANIC Wed., Feb. 5. Second Cabin will be carried on tne voyage marKea thus*, Steerage passage at low rates. including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform In model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply to 1831 AT, 13011 S, and Co.. 34, LeadenhaU-street, London, ILO.. and 10. Water-street, Liverpool.

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: JOHN WALKER AND CO., "EXAMINER 'OFFICE. WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR fIUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- NJ DAY, and for BOSTON every THURSDAY. PTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- TON. PHILADELPHIA. SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND, should take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at THE "EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. By any of the above-mentioned or any other lines. JOHN WALKER AND CO. AGENT AD EL AIDE, MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL. A MERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW 111_ YORK. direct every SATURDAY, and LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK and PHILADELPHIA, every WED- NESDAY.

DAY, SON, & HEWITT'S FOUR GREAT REMEDIES FOR LAMBING & CALVING DISORDERS,

DAY. SON, & HEWITT'S GASEOUS FLUID, For prostrated uows and Ewes. Paining. Scour, De- bility, Hoven. Colic, &c.—Price 20s. per doz.

DAY, SON. & HEWITT'S CHEMICAL EXTRACT, For anointing after Parturition, straining, and pre- venting Gangrene. For Wounds, Swollen Udders, and Sore Teats,—Price 2s. 6d., 3s. 6d., and 7s. per bottle,

DAY, SON, & HEWITT'S RED DRENCH, For cleansing Cows and Ewes, Fevers. Chill, Red Water. Hide-bound, &c; prevents Milk Fever and Dropping.— Price (Cows) 135.; (Ewes) 3s. 6d. per doz.

DAY, SON, & HEWITT'S GASEODYNE, Dead.tns excessive pain instantly, and quiets the nervous system.—Price 3s. 6d. per bottle.

UNPARALLELED SUCCESS OF DAY, SON, & HE WITT'S LAMBING & CALVING CHESTS, Complete, Carriage paid, 30s.' and £3 3s. Write for pamphlet and full details : ROYAL ANIMAL MEDICINE MANUFACTORY, 22, DORSET-STREET, LONDON, W, (ESTABLISHED 1833.)

UNDER THE CLOCK. IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GOOD BOOTS.

FOR RELIABLE GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS GO TO THE CHESHIRE SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON. HAMS AND BACON GUARANTEED. NEW SEASON'S TEA JUST ARRIVED FROM is., is. 2d., is. 4d., is. 6d., Is. Bd., AND 2s. PER LB. EXCELLENT QUALITY. THE CHESHIRE SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD DINORWIC AND PENRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS. COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON ME FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR ACKERS, WHITLEY & CO., LD., BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES, HELD OFFICE : Arpley Station, Warrington. Telephone 19, 1 Tel. Address, ArpleY, Warrington. J Warrington.

3 MINUTES' WALK FROM BANK QUAY STATION. -PERRIS'S _L STATIONERY AND FANCY GOODS' REPOSITORY, NEWS AGENCY AND CIGAR STORES. 137, SANKEY-STREET,",,WARRINGTON. FERRIS wishes it to be known and understood that he Is Prepared to Supply all the usual ACCESSORIES to CORRESPONDENCE (Public or Private, Commer- cial or Family). Every Requisite for BUSINESS ACCOUNTS, from the Simple HALFPENNY MEMO- RANDUM BOOK, to the Complete Set of DOUBLE ENTRY ACCOUNT BOOKS, LEDGER, JOURNAL, CASHBOOK and DAY BOOK. As well as the necessary COLLECTING and RECEIPT BOOKS, INVOICE FORMS, BILL HEADS, &c., &c.. &c. Also the REQUIREMENTS of Children attending any of the Schools in the neighbourhood, and DRAWING, SKETCHING, and PAINTING MATERIALS, with MATHEMATICAL INSTRUMENTS, for Students at the Art School, Technical Institute, and the Continua- tion School. Orders will be received and executed promptly for all the Daily and Weekly Newspapers and Periodicals, and also for the Monthly and Quarterly Magazines and Serials. Printing, Lithographing, Stamping in Relief, Bookbinding &c.,executed in the Latest Styles,and at a moderate cost. FERRIS desires to do a Cash Trade, and is prepared to give his Patrons the utmost Discount for Cash Parchases. If a Monthly or Quarterly Account be required full Prices will in every instance be Charged. On application a Catalogue of all the Principal Newspapers. Periodicals and Magazines, with their days of publica- tion and other important information combined in Pamphlet Form, will be supplied to intending Subscri- bers, and Orders will be received for any of th e publica- tions Earned or others which ,may have been inadver- tently omitted, by pERRIS, 137 SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON, 3 MINUTES' WALK FROM BANK QUAY STATION.

THE RAPID WASHER SAVES TIME. S 0 A P SAVES LABOUR JOSEPH MATTHEWS, FAIRFIELD SOAP WORKS, WARRINGTON.

J. Moss, FAMILY BUTCHER, 59, LEONARD-STREET, WARRINGTON. PRIME ENGLISH BEEF, MUTTON. VEAL AND PORK AT MODERATE PRICES. All oJerrs promply attended to and delivered when require H. EZARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, FEARNHEAD, WARRINGTON. Estimates given for Alterations and Repairs of every description (Town and Country). Houses built to tenants' own plans. Jobbing puuctually attended to. Rent and Fire and Life Assurance Agent.

1100 PING COUGH The celebrated etrectual HOOPING COUGH cure without internal medicine. HOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price H OOPING COUGH 4s. per bo tt le. Sole BRONCHITIS Wholesale Agents: W. EDWARDS & SON, CROUP 157, Queen Victoria St., London. ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

FOR FIRST-CLASS P:RIVATX DENTISTRY:. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arrangeTEETH All consultations free, TEETH. achi patient Informed beforehand the cost f TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extractkirtiraosushglizeto by the aid of T IEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly. I -A- Exors, of2,the late J. 11. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 46, AIOSLEY-STREET (NAT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. MBES. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-ST RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-ST. NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMARKET-ST

LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY MADE OR MADE TO ORDER In the Lateet Style. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS to select from. Waterproof goods of every Description. C. JACKSON HOLMES, TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE CASTLE RUBBER CO., .LIMITED

FANCY GOODS, PICTURES, PICTURE FRAMES, AT ETAMSON'S NEW PRENIISES, 130, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. PHOTOGRAPHS OF ANYTHING AND EVERY2RING

- ASISS CALVERT'S CLASSES for Drawing and Painting, re-commence January 15th, at 5, FRIAR'S GREEN. Warrington. Private Classes. Schools visited.

11111t1 UILDING CONSTRUCTION AND DRAWING.— An Experienced Teacher prepares men by post for May Examinations.—W. HARRIS, 64 Findhorn Place, Edin- burgh. THE PRIORY, WARRINGTON.—Ladies' school 1 and kindergarten, conducted by Mrs. and the Misses REYNOLDS. The next term will commence on Tuesday, January 21st. 1896.

EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITY. Thorough Education, preparation for Examinations; seven guineas per term, in advance (girIs).—WOODFORD SCHOOL, Albany-road. Southsea.

GOVERNESS STUDENT WANTED in High- Class SCHOOL, Call study for Examinations. pre- miums and references required. Apply CLARLMONL HOUSE, Sunderland.

THE HIGH SCHOOL, boardiug school for boys, Fairhaven, St. Annes-on-the-Sea ; sound education; situation unsurpassed; terms moderate. Prospectus on application to the Principal.

HOME and Thorough EDUCATION for ORPHAN GIRLS or Daughters of Military Men who are abroad. Highest references—For Termsapply Mrs. He ULT, Ryton-fields. Dorrington. Shrewsbury.

HIGH. CLASS SCHOOL FOR GlRLS.—Vacancies for a few Boarders ; comfortable borne, thorough education. Reference kindly permitted to Rev. J. MONDO GIBBON. D.D. Principal Miss Pearson, 66, Abbey-road, London, N.W.

QCHOOL FOR GIRLS, RYTON„FIELDS, DOR- ILINGTON, SHREWSBURY. Conducted by Mrs. J. W. HOULT, assisted by resident Certificated Governesses and Visiting Masters. A ftw Vacancies for Boarders. The next TERM Commences January 20th, 1896, BONN, GERMANY.—The British Chaplain (himself a German) and his wife receive a few girls to educate with their daughters. Best advantages for languages,musio. art, as also for English subjects. Certificated German and English resident governesses. Careful moral training. Terms, 60 guineas per annum.

DBL LICATE OR BA,KW --li ARD BOYS.ome care' and consideration, with all the advantages of private tuition. Good house and grounds; sea bathing in summer. Pupils suocessful at the Oxford and Cambridge Local Exam- inations. Prospectus on application to the Principal, Mr. B. HORICE WAR-), The School, Osborne Rouse, Frezhfield, Lancashire.

ARNOLD HOUSE, KNUTSFORD.-Mr. H. N. BIRKMYRE (M. A. Oxon) prepares boys from 7to 15 for the Public Schools and other Examinations. Boys read- ing tor scholarships, or sons of clergy, are received at reduced terms. School healthily situated on a heath of 40 acres; 16 miles from Manchester.

rfiRINITY COLLEGE, HARROGATE —HEAD MASTER Mr. J. P. HUGHES. The College built for scholastic purposes is replete with modern appliances ; gymnasium, swimming bath, cricket and tootbail fields, Thorough training for Professional and Mercantile purposes. Special attention to backward and delicate boys. Good Table. Terms moderate. Next Term begins January 21st, 1896.

MALVERN LINK SCHOOL, SNIAL HOME SCHOOL for Boys under 14. Twenty-five guineas yearly. Healthiest place in England. Delicate and back- ward boys under the spe2lal care of Principal's wife, who is very successful in their training. There having been no medical visit during the last ten years,—AddressDr. AUSIN. M R. FRANK W. REYNOLDS, 8.A., TEACHER OF THE PIANOFORTE, VICTORIA LODGE, BUXTON. Particulars as to terms, &c.. may be obtained from Mr. R. H. Pearson, Bold-street, Warrington, or from Victoria Lodge.:

WAHRINuTOiv EittAMMAR sCllOOl..—TitE NEXT TERM will begin on TUESDAY, JANUARY 21sT, 1896. Fees :—SRNI OR DIVISION £4 per berm. JUNIOR DIVISION £3 per term. PREPARATORY DIVISION } £2 per term, For boys under 12 years of age For further particulars apply to HEAD MISTER.

II OME, CARE AND EDUCATION: seaside. Required on reduced terms in a Girls' School of good standing, whet.: first-class Professors attend. a PUPIL willing to assist a little girl with an hour's preparation daily. Situation high, close to the sea, with lovely surroundings; tennis, Stc. A. dedicate daughter needing change of air; would have special care.—Address SEASIDE, 142, Fore-street, Exeter.

COWLEY ILICHOOLS, ST. HELENS. New Butldlngs, £15,000. Endowment, £BOO per annum. Scholarships, £l5O per annum. 1-iIiADMATKR E. J. SIMPSON, M.A., formerly Foundation Scholar and Prizeman Trinity College, Cambridge. HEADMIS PRESS : MISS FYFE, B.A. Examination, Newnham College, Cambridge. Next TERM begins TUESDAY. January 14Tu, 1896. Fees £6 to £8 per annum. Since the year 1884 about Two .12housand Certificates have been gained by pupils in the South Kensington Science and Art Examinations many of these being in the Honours and nearly Five hundred ,n the Advanced Stages. Very high places have been taken in the Pass and donours lists of the London University Exam inatioas by several pupils direct from the Schools at which special classes are held, (free) for pupils preparing tor these examinations. , Cambridge Locals I Twenty-six Certificates. College of Preceptors J Dec 1894. Fifty Certificates. SECRETARY: T. BREVVIS, Esq., Solicitor. St. Helens.

INDIGEsTION 9 THE whole medical profession the world over is engaged in an earnest search for some remedy which will cure Indigestion, Constipation, and Dyspepsia. Statistics show that nearly half the deaths in civilized countries are caused by diseases of the stomach and kidneys. Hitherto the remedies prescribed by the medical profession for IndigEstion have been of little value, but the C. A. Vogeler Curative Compound does cure Indigestion- It is the most wonderful medicine in existence, a few doses gives relief—a few bottles cure the most chronic cases. A trial bottle will convince the sufferer that we make none but true statements. Price 1/1% and 2,6, of all Chemists; or sent free by Parcels Post on receipt of 14 or 30 stamps by the Sole Proprietors, The Charles A. Vogeler Co., 45, Farringeon Road, London.oll Ois

HARROP'S BASSINETTES. HARROP'S BASSINETTES. HARROP'S BASSINETTES. 1221 BRIDGE STREET. 1225 BRIDGE STREET. 1221 BRIDGE STREET. END OF SEASON SALE. END OF SEASON SALE. END OF SEASON SALE. This is a Bona-fide CLEARANCE SALE of about 50 Fire Class Bassinetts, now offered under cost price to clear. COME EARLY AND CHOOSE FIRST COMERS BEST BARGAINS. HARROP'S. 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

"WINTER CLOTHING. SEE THE WINDOWS OF THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT THE TALK OF THE TOWN. THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS FOR ALL AGES. HE M•C D. OVERCOATS S. & D. B. CHESTERFIELD FROMI6S. 611 THE M•C•D• OVERCOATS D. B. MUNSTER, WOOL LINED, EXTRA LO 0 FROM 20S. THE M•C•D• OVERCOATS THE SCOTCH CLOAK, WOOL LINED, 1 Q AND DEER CAPES FROM ~.us• D. THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS IN SCOTCH, ALL WOOL TWEEDS, SERGES, MELTuNS, BEAVERS, FUZE, NAPS, AND HARRIS TWEEDS. THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS IN ALL THE NEW SHADES OF COLOURS. THE KW) OVERCOATS FOR GENTLEMEN. THE M•C•D. OVERCOATS FUR YOUTHS. THE Moe."). OVERCOATS FOR BOYS. IN A VARIETY OF FANCY SHAPES AND TRIMMINGS. THE M.O D • • VERC OATS READY MADE. THE M.C.D. 0 cERCOATS TO MEASURE, BEST CUTTERS EMPLOYED. LE MCD • • • FOR GOOD WINTER SUITS 16S. 6D. FROM TER M.C.D. FOR WINTER CLOTHING IN YOUTHS AND BOYS. THE M.C.D. MAKE ALL THE GARMENTS THEY SELL, NO MIDDLE PROFITS, ALL DIRECT FROM THE MAKER TO THE WEARER AT FIRST COST. TRH MC • • • SUITS To MEASURE. 28s. 6D, 335. 6D, 395. 455. TROUSERS, 83. 6D. 10S. 6D, 12s, 13s. 6D. THE M.C.D. .. BLACK SUITS TO MEASURE. 28S. 6D. 335. 6D, 395. 6D, 475. 6D. TROUSERS, Bs. 6D, 10s. 6D, 12s. 6D, 14s. 6D. THE M.C.D. HAVE EVERY BIND OF CLOTHING READY FOR IMMEDIATE WEAR OR MADE TO MEASURE ON SHORT NOTICE. MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. 8, AND 10 HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. 4LLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNN INGHAM WINWICK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Sole Agent for ANGLO-BAVARIAN AM ER ALE. WARDLE'S HOREHOUND BEER.

1.) R. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLO RODYN R. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CHLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever dis- t:levered. CHLORODYNE is the best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis, and Asthma. CHLORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases.—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup, Ague. CHLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhoea and is the only specific in cholera and Dysentery. CHLORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. PHLORuDYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout. Cancer, Toothache, Menin- gitis. &a. From Dr. B. J. Boirl,ToN and Co., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately, and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling ef comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all Others Sedatives; that it leaves nomnpleasant after effects. "Earl Russell eimmunicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at 2danilla, to the effect that cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lrncet, let December. 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMI- TATIONS. Clunon.—Vice Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. CoLLIs ItstowNE was, undoubtedly, the inventor of "CHLORODYNE, " and that the story of the defendant PREEmAs, was deliberately untrueovhich he regretted to say. had been sworn to.—See Times, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. lid., 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words " DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S (.111LORODYNE" on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. BOLE MANUFACTURERS J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great Russell st.. Bloom sv ury, London.

EALE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS 13 VEERED AGONY FOR THIRTY YEARS. --- IEADWS ILLS. "30, Randall Street, Bridge Road, Battersea, S.W.. January 27,1892. Emmrs plus. "Dear Sir,—l feel it my duty to write and give you great praise EA.DWS pILLS. for introducing such a valuable medicine as your Gout Pills* kving SUFFERED UNTOLD AGONY FOR 30 YEARS. Lean truly say I have never had anything to relieve my so quickly as your Pills. I used to lay in bed for two three months at a time, but now I not only get re- GOUT lief in a few hours but am able to get to work in less than a week. My complaint 111,4 HEUMATISM is the worst of all Gouts, called Chalk Gout. Yours OUT truly, •• W. LITTLEJOHN." AARRIIMATISM Mr. G. Bade. -U-dADE's GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS Prepared only by George Bade, so 72, GoSWELL-ROAD, LONDON. B.C. ; and Id by all Chemists in Bottles, is. lid., and 2s. 9d. EADE's GouT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

liatatUantous.

GEORGE JACKSON. PAWNBROKED., JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH 69, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY, Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS. and MUSICAL IN- SIRUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

JUST Forfeited Handsome Walnut Coal VAS'S, ornamented with Payments taken. solid embossed brass, extra well made, and is a thorou2h reliable article well worth 305., our price is 18s 6 only S. D.

V"Y pretty Centre Ornament ayments taken. ofBASKET of FLOWERS under Glass Shade, konestly worth 215., must be cleared out at l2s. 11D.

SOLID Brass Curb FENDER and DOGS complete, price for lot Payments taken. complete 21s. Call and insnect this lot, they are wonderful value for the money ; also another Brass Rail 10s. D. FENDER for

VVERY fine massive Walnut OVER MANTEL. English Bevelled Glass, new design. stands 55 by 60. A Genuine BArgaia and one that Payments taken. is fit to put in any parlour. There are 5 Brackets for ornaments, sup- ported by carved walnut pillars; an £2 17S. 6D. inspection invited. A sacrifice for

UORFEITHD this week Lady's i. very Handsome Silver Geneva Keyless WATCH, almost new, cost Payments taken. when new £2 55., jewelled in four pair extra, hand-painted enamelled dial and richly engraved cases. Our 255. price for this bargain is only

ATERY Handsome Solid Gold V BROOCH, set with very fine Payments taken. Oriental Topaz, latest design, only 9s. 11d. Also another very neat one, sterling value, Government Hall S. 11D. marked, a bargain for

VERY pretty Gent's Gold Payments taken, ALBERT. with neat solid Gold medal attached, worth doubleprice, only S. D.

25 G. B. CIGARS, ss. ed.; speciality, patent No, 13612; sample 4 stamps.—SOMEßS, 5, Eldon att. London. Agents wanted.

ON SALId, MANURB WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. HOMING, 16, Fenwick-Etreet. Liverpool.

1 POSTCARDS (31 by 4) printed name, address, 9000 !to.. 58. 6d.—Crrr PRINTING Co., 86, Waterloo- toad, London. Send for sample. a

THE MULTIJM IN PARVO " FARMBRS AOCOUNT 1 BOOK is still to the front of all others; 38., with Pocket Wage Book.—WELLS, Hatfield, Doncaster.

]OR SALE, 5 HOUSES ,Frances-terrace, Lovely-lane. War 12 rington. In good repair, low ground rent. —Apply J. LONGLAND, Solicitor, Union-st., Warrington.

- -VIOLIN STRINGS, the finest manufactured from 6s. 6d. V per bundle of 30. sent all over the world, list free.—E. RACE, Regent-at., Douglas, Isle of Dian. - MARRIED LADY, has Valuable Harmless Recipe of great importance to Ladies. Stamped address for parti- culars. Mrs, E. WILSON, Elder Grove, Sheffield.

LIIIETWORK TOOLS, cheapest anywhere, saws ld. dozest, JL' wood 3d, fo.,t, patterns id. each. frames 6d. each hat free.—SYER, Wilson-st., Finsbury, London.

AsTrcoLoGY.—Your horoscope forecast. Send name in full, date of birth, and 28.—Address PAUL RENWICK, Wol*eley Bridge, Stafford. Mention this paper.

FRBB.—Married Ladies ; information and advice of price less value. Send stamped enve:ope.—Mrs. LAWRENCE, 4, Bradley-street, Sheffield. Name paper please.

THE LATEST nE NSATI 0 N.—Thousands delighted, in- it. teresting competition ; full particulars an receipt of ls. postal order or stamps.—NEWMAN, Handle-street, Golcar.

VLECTRIC ALARM CLOCKS, with Bell. Battery, Switch, 14 Wire. 15s. ; Electric Bell Sets, complete, 6s. 6d. Catalogues 2d.—GORTON BROOK, Electric Works, Manchester. DHOTOGRAPHY.—To Prevent P.O.P. Prints Sticking to .1 Glass or Ferrotype use fizz Paste; excellent results ; 6d. Bottle, post 70.--laomPsozi and HEIGHLRY, 157, North Hill-street, Liverpool. EVERYBODY is delighted with my RECIPES how to work cold meat up into most delicious dishes, also stale bread into beautiful puddings by practical cook ; 4. Is. ld. —SARAH, Blanebland, Nortliumberlaud.

ULASTIC STOCKINGS, Extra Qualities, Thread 3s. 6d* 11 Silk 65., each post free, direct from the Maker, W. H. MADDocx, Alired-street South ; Nottingham. Every Article guaranteed. Cheaper Qualities to order. UARTHENWARE and CHlNA.—Seconds, £2 crates; _12.1 best, £3 ;or mill send 15 dozen seconds articles for 17s. 6d.—Write for lists, WEBB AND Co., Railway Passage, Longton. Staffordshire.

G IVE fIE FIBIIBRMEN A CHANCII I—FISH Fresh from the Sea. Blbs, 21., 111bs. 2s. 61.. 141bs. 35., pre- pared for use, catriage paid by rail, cash with order. —TH s FISHERMAN'S SYNDICATE. Grimsby.

-UST ABLISHED 1875—Assorted Crates Seconds Earthen- 1j ware and China, 50s, and upwards. Prices on appli- cuacoi. --W. COOPER and Co., Ayshford-street Works, off Clayton-st , Longton, Staffordshire.

II ORA LOWS, Fire and Thiel-proot bAFS IAkML, has OI „ A SALIC Milner, Cliatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from —3B, Albert-street, King-street West, Manchester.

PNEUMATIC TYRES.—New covers fitted to detachable tyres, new tubes or valves at loweA market price's' Automatic Tyres 50a.per pair.—TlLE PUNCTURE PROOF PXEu- C IYRE CO., LIMITED, 164, Clerkenwell-road, London,

141 TATER I WATER l I WATER! H Unsatisfactory ex- I' biting wells tested, or fresh supplies discovered; con- tracts. no water no pay; patronised by his Grace the Duke- of Devonshire. District Councils, Stc., &c.—Apply LEICESTER GATAKER, Bath.

WEST OF ENGLAND CLOTH.--Superb overcoat lengths. Exquisite Coat and Vest lengths. Ladies' Mantle, Jacket and Costume lengths. Straight from Mills. Save intermediate profits. Patterns and prices.— -its. BoxTuto and Co., Stroud. RON CHURCH, to seat 200, £110; 300. £130; 500, £200; I Mission Hall 50 yards by 20, £105: isolation hospitals, ready to contain 6. 12, or 20 beds ; billiard rooms, pavilions, cheapest house in the trade for any description iron buildings.—HAvrifirts, Ashford, Middlesex.

TRUSSES FOR WORKING MEN. STROING and durable, Single 35., double 4s, 6d. Post free to any address on receipt of correct measurement. All Bilus and deAcrialon in stock.—F. WILiTE Limited, Truss and aiurgleal Appliance 14 aker, 157, Commercial-road, London, E.

ROSEn.—One dozen Dwarf Hybrid Perpetuals, compris- ing A. K. Williams, Alfred Colomb, Baroness Roths- child, Beauty of Waltham, Charles Lefeyre, Fisher Holmes, Gloire de Margottin, General Jacqueminot, Magna Charta, Meryeille de Lyon, Mrd. John Laing, Reynolds Hole. All descriptions of nose Trees, Plants, Bulb, beeds, quoted for on application to W. J. THREFALL, 2.5, Brooklands-road, Burnley. Lancashire.

is. Post Free 15 stamps. Two for 27 Stamps. 11 H B AMBRICA.N POCKET TIMII INDICATOR (Patented).--bize of an ordinary Watch. Blectro- silver Case, steel works balanced action, enamelled dial, glass dome. Each denotes correct time, and warranted for two years. To be procured only from the undersigned. All orders executed by return of post.—B. PILLINGER, No. 24, Cowan-st., Albany-road, Lendon, S.B.

NOW ready, Crown Bvo. 180 pages, 50 illustrations, Is. THE PRACTICAL TECHI3ICAL INSTRUCTOR in Arta and Crafts, containing instructions : building in stone, brick, and cement, slating, plasteting. cementing, carpentry plumbing, painting, enamelling, gilding French polishing, bronzing, framing, mount cutting, &C. ; albo instructions on hygiene with over 1,000 recipes of great v,,lue, and instruc- tions how to mix and use the same, post free Is. 2d., in extra binding is. 9d. The Decorator silo Artisan's Guide, post free 10I.—W. ItlcQtaGtE, Cockermouth, and all book- sellers.

MADAME FRAIN'S FAM °US FEMALE MIXTURR. 'The most powerful and effective on eartls. For the most obstinate cases. Will not injure the most delicate. Price is. 6d. (Strongest lls. bottle). Post free 6d. extra. HhRBAL INSTITUTS, la. HACKNEY-ROAD, (facing Shoreditch Church). LONDON, Nat, Send at once stamped directed envelope for particulars and proofs. I will forfeit £lO3 for every testimonial that is not genuine.and they can be seen at any time.

GOOD NEWS FOR LADIES. ALADY, the daughter of a late eminent physician, will be pleased to forward lull particulars (on receipt of a stamped directed envelope) of a Certain Cure or alt forms of Irregularities. no matter bow caused or hive long standing The Remedy causes no Paha, Nausea, or Prostratbn what ever. MADAME DOUGLAS, 127, Gaisford-street, London, N.W A Positive Cure Guaranteed. Hours sth 9 p.m.. on TUESDAYS, IHURSDAYS, or by appointment. Name this i.aper

THE GREATEST SALE ON EARTH. VXTENSION OF PP.EI',IISES. JLA Have secured 19 and 21, Hilton-st.. which will adjoin and communicate with 44, Oldham-st. MARVELLOUS OPPORTUNITY. MAGNIFICENT BARGAINS. THE SALE AT GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, OLDHAM- STREET (next to the Adelphi Bank), MANCHESTER.

SUPERIOR SECOND-HAND FURNITURE, by all the noted and very best makers, removed from halls, man- sions, hotels, offices, private houses of every description, and which undergo a thorough examination and are placed in condition equal to new. I may here remark that the stock I offer is considerably larger than at any other house in the city, and is not being placed in the market because it is soiled or damaged in any manner; but am pleased to state that in consequence of the great increase in my trade, and the large number of orders I have to deliver every week, I find it ab- solutely necessary and therefore deuided to make extensive alterations which willincur an outlay of some hundreds of pounds. And have arranged with the aontractors to clear the showrooms previous to the workmen commencing opera- tions, and in order to do so I have decided to give my cus- tomers the benefit of the enormous reductions rather than store the stock, which embraces furniture of every descrip- tion; in fact, such an assortment of bedroom suites, dining- room flukes, drawing-room suites, office furniture, bookcases. desks, sideboards, dinner waggons, cabinets, overmantels, davenports, card, work and fancy tables, carpets, rugs, bed- steads, bedding, fender, pianos, and every article for com- pletely furnishing the mansion or cottage. Can nowhere he seen except at GERSHON'S Universal Furnishing Arcade, 44, Oldham-st, In fact, when the alterations are completed. which will consist of NEW OFFICES. NEW COUNTING HOUSE, NEW DINING SALOON for the employes, NEW REFRESHMENT-ROOM for convenience of customers NEW CARPET SALOON, NEW SHOWRCOMS ; And other internal Alterations, all local and outside shops will sink to insignificance. riCHE following will convey but a faint idea of the Mar- i_ vellous Bargains on yew, any of which may be stored free of charge till required. TERMS OF BUSINESS DURING THE SALE, GOODS EXCHANGED IF NOT SATISFACTORY. EXPERIENCED MEN SENT TO FIX AND FIT UP. GOODS PACKED AND DELIVERED FREti. CARPETS MADE FREE. LOCK-UP STORE ROOMS FOR CONVENIENCE OF CUSTOMERS. And, lastly, if you purehase on my Deferred Payment System I Charge a Simple Five per Cent Extra. Every customer attended to by a member of the firm, which prevents the annoyance of a salesman who charges high pricers in order to make a big commission. Bankers—Manchester Joint-Stock Bank. Telegrams—" Universal," Manchester. DURING the Sale, Magnificent Solid Oak DINING- ROOM SUITE, comprising a grand couch, two noble easy chairs, and six superior spoon-back chairs, all in splendid condition, not soiled; originally cost £55, sale price 9gs. Grand Sideboard to match, 7gs., worth £4O; Dining Table to match. 635. In addition to above, we have a truly magnificent Col- lection of Dining-room Suites, over 200, with Sideboards, Dining Tables, and Overmantels to match. An inspection will prove the fact that nowhere can such an assortment be seen except at GERSHON'S, the Universal Furnishing Arcade, 44, Oldham-street, next to the Adelphi Bank, Man- chester. . Note.—The above may be had on my deferred payment system for a simple five per cent extra added to invoice. SPECIAL ATTENTION to Lot 166, which is in Pollard Oak and without a doubt the best and handsomest kt in Manzhester. The Sidebosrd, which is vt. long and very lofty, can only be described as simply magnificent and the most unique in design we have ever seen. The Suite of 12 small chairs (may to had with a less number), two large Lounge Chairs, and large Couch, are all stuffed with hair and covered in morocco leather, guaranteed. The Dining-table, on oarved supports, is very handsome, having a number of loose leaves. Weoffer the lot for I4sgs. ; cost over £4OO. We may state that sgs. each will be allowed for any of the small chairs not required. We wish to impress upon the public that every lot advertised is on our premises and hundreds of others. Remember address, GERSHON'S Old-established Universal Furnishing Arcade, 44, Oldham-street (next to the Adelphi Bank), Manchester. Note.—lf on the deferred payment system only five per cent. extra added to invoice. LOT 237 is in Oriental Saddle Bags, carved walnut frames. consisting of half-dozen small chairs, two easy chairs, and couch ; s rice £25, reduced for the sale to £9 158., Side- board to match, with bevelled-glass back, a perfect beauty; sale price, £6 155.. usual price 12gs. Dining Table, 38s. 6d. Three other Suites in Saddle Bags, real Persian, everlasting ware, splendid patterns, among which is a water lily, most charming and pleasing ; the wood work in these suites is American waleut. brown oak, and mahogany. and the prices are 18, 25, and 36gs. ; they each cost £lO. £l5, and £25 a suite more. Sideboards. Tables, and Over-mantels to match, all on view in our showrooms. Hundreds of other Suites on view. Call and inspect for yourselves; you will not be un- duly pressed to buy. We have no salesmen or walking gen- tlemen who work for a commission. Every customer is attended to by a member of the firm at GERSHON'S Univer- sal Furnishing Arcade, 44, Oldham-street (next to Adelphi Bank), Manchester. Note.—lf on the deferred payment system only five per cent. extra added to invoice. I OT 97 is a Charming DINING-ROOM SUITE, in embossed 13 leather, very handsome end stylish, frame work beauti- fully carved; the six standard chairs have padded backs, the two easy chairs are large amd comfortable, and the conch is most luxuriously upholstered. This suite is in solid American Kwalnutwood and is suitable for high-class dining-room. Usual price, 25es. ; sale price. 15gs. Another Suite, in Solid Mahogany, in good hard grain leather. Crornwellian style ; sound in every respect; not soiled. Recently been recovered. A marvel of cheapness ; only 9gs. Another in Walnut, covered in leather, reduced to sgs. Sideboard, to match. 423. ; table, 21s. These bargains are on offer during the sale and before alterations are commenced. Inspection invited. SWEEPING REDUCTIONS. MUST CLEAR PREVIOUS TO ALTERATIONS. OT 51 is a BEDROOM SUITE. Those wishing to furnish Li a bedroom in high-class style and good taste should inspect it. for style, workmanship, and design it cannot be equalled, the massive large size wardrobe wit!' two bevelled glass doors of rare brilliancy reaching from plinth to cornice; the full-size pedestal dressing table, double washstand to match, pedestal bedside cupboard, towel airer, and three chairs, the whole are in rosewood, richly inlaid with tulip, box, olive, and other rare woods. The cost of this noble Suite was £lOO. bale price 55gs. Another Suite in walnut cost £125 for 60gs , and another in Spanish mahogany cost £55 for 27gs. Special attention is requested to Lots 6,7, 8 and 9, which are Suites in walnut, silver birch, mahogany, and ash, each Suite hese large wardrobe, with bevelled glass door : dressing table with large bevelled glass attached, supported by carved brackets restingon raised jewel drawers; it also forms a chest of drawers, being enclosed by four drawers ; ,the large wash steed is also enclosed, and has a marble slab, tile back, and bevelled shaving glass above, towel rail, pedestal bedside cupboard, and three chairs. These suite are guaranteed solid, no veneer being used. Sale price, 15kgs. Other suites smaller from £4 15s. Inspection Invited. Any of the above may be stored free of charge till required. GERSHON'S NOTED UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, OLDHAM STREET (Next to Adelphi Bank), MANCHESTER. Note.—lf on the deferred payment system only 5 per cent. extra added to invoice. l[ h seldom UST CLEAR for the Contractors. Such a A STUP DOUS BARGAINS We now enter the Miscellaneous Department. Here we can inspect a splendid assortment of second-hand hair-seated Furniture. A first class solid mahogany sofa 50s„ cost per- haps £6 ; another less in size 38s. Spanish Mahogany couch. In hair seating, 475. ; ditto 635.. cost £6. Very fine solid Spanish mahogany sofa, very heavy and massive. beau re- upholeterei, coat when new £B. for four guineas. Others in American leather from 16s. Now we see over 50 pairs of easy chairs in stock. Several gents' easy chairs at ss. each, mahogany easy chair, in hair, for 285.. cost 60s. Superior pair of r romwell easy chairs, large and massive, cost £B, for four guineas the pair. Nothing better can be made. Lady's rocking chair, in hair, 28s. A very large quantity of hal:- seated chairs from ss. each to 245. each. An enormous stock of kitchen furniture is here displayed at marvellously low prices. For an instance, strong kitchen chairs 2s. eaoh,kitchen tables from 6s. 6d, each; grind Spanish mahogany, dresser, with high carved beck, cost £l4, for 6 guineas ; another, cost £ll.for 5 guineas ; painted dresser, with thick top, 28s. • another, very handsome high back, 60s. ; and others at all prices at GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, OLDHAM-S1 MANCH NSTER. (Next to the Adelphi Bank.) THE GREATEST SALE ON EARTH DON'T MISS IT. Marvellous Complete House of Furniture for 24 guineas, Five per Cent. Extra on my Deferred Payment System. CALL AND SHE IT. All Competitors stagger. Read it. Seen. NUMBER 1, is the marvellous complete House of Furniture, which includes dining-room, bedroom, kitchen, all bedding, blankets, sheets, pillow-cases carpets, floorcloths, fenders, tea and breakfast set curtains, and everything to makea nice home. Every article is guaranteed Others advertised a so-called house of furniture tor a trifle lees, I contend this lot is honestly worth £lO more than those advertised by others. My price for the complete house is 24 guineas, or five per cent extra for credit—which means 255. more. You need not be afraid to call and inspect them. If they are not what you want, don't purchase. GERSHON, next to the ADELPHI BANK, 44, OLDHAM-STREET. BE CAREFUL QECOND-lIAND FURNITURE,: is being advertise, L./ and COMMON NEVI LONDON RUBBISH IS BEING SOLD. GENUINE SECOND-HAND. NO -NONSENSE. CO COUNTRY CUSTONIERS.—I CONTINUE TO PAY CARRIAGE ON ALL ORDERS. FURNITURE TAh EN IN EXCHANGE OR PURCHASED NOTE ADDDESS_ GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING AR- CADE is next to the Adelphi Bank, 44, OLDHAM-STREET. MANCHESTER.

OLD Establishedi WARDROBE Business for sale goodwill Fixtures, and connection, only £.so.—Apply 9, PARK PLACE, Liverpool.

iAN SALE, 12 Pigs, ready for leaving sow; first-class breed. kJ —Apply BENTLEY and ASHWORTH, Hoghton Barn Farm, Altham, Accrington.

CIHARACTER correctly indicated from handwriting; fee X.) is. 7d.—Address Miss C. WILKM, 56 Park-road, Haver- stock Hill, London.

QHADOWGRAPH of Our Lord. Great novelty, 2 stamps Special terms for quaatities.—Losfax, Broadhurst-road, Moston, Manchester.

DBBTS, purchased cash down, or collected small commis- 'ion, BAILEY, SimrsoN,and Co., 62 Dale-street, Liver- pool, itlstablished 20 years.

HOW to make and keep all Tinware like new Silver, no rubbing. lasts much longer, seven stamps,—H., 78, CHARLF,STOWA-ROAD, Glosscp.

SODA WATER PLANT. including pump and copper cylin- der, lead generator, and copper gasometer. Price £l5. —Apply J. Wooas, 143, Richmond-row. Liverpool.

50 SPLHNDID ORIGINAL Oriental Receipts. Gained 6 Diplomas and 1 Medal. Suitable for manufacturers. What offers, for part or whole P—Address "MEDALIST," Dorset Cottage, Bssendine-road, Caterham, Surrey. T) OLLHRS for Wringing Machines, ready turned:lnd bored, lir any size up to 24in. by 61n.. 3s. 6d. each, 6s. a pair.— PETER MclimniA and Co., Marsh-lane, Bootle.

SERGS JACKBTS, 4s. 6d., Cord and Mole Trousers, 65.6 d.; Printed Mole Trousers, look like cloth, 58. 6d.-111GuE AND Co., Limited, 85. Byrom-street. Liverpool.

SPLENDID Assortment of New Season's Patterns for our Celebrated 10s. 6d. (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonder- fully good vaIue,—HAGUE AND Co., Limited, ab, Byrom-et. Liverpool.

-LIVER-LITT RAISIN SBRIAIR I—The greatest success of LA the age. Will stone lib. raisins in five minutes ; poet free seven stamps.—PATENT NOVELTY Co., Barges Yard, Coventry.

PILES.—BODDY'S PATENT OINTMENT. Cures all out- ward Piles in two or three days ; Post free, with Testi- monials, Is. 2d. ; Only one trial solicited.—W, BODDT, Brad- ford, Yorks.

SAYBS.—GRORGR PRICE, LTD., Cleveland-et., Wolver- hampton, Sole Makers of the celebrated Patent" Case Hardened "Bent Steel Safes, as supplied to her Majesty's Government. Write or call for price list. x

fIUTLHRY, PLATH and TOOLS.—Thousands of oddments, tons of job lots, heaps of splendid bargains. Assorted parcels suitable for hop-keepers, market people, hawkers. Sc., 10s. 6d., 20s. and 506,—H. GILL.m, Milton-street, Sheffield.

MIOR PILBS, inward, outward, or bleeding, take Sped- -1 ding's Baselib and be cured, as hundreds before. Sold by chemists and Taylors' Stores, or Proprietor—SPEDDlNG, Bone Setter, Batley. is. !a, box ; post free is. 2d. Whole- sale Agents : QOODHALL. BACICHOUSE .t CO., Leeds.

HORSES' LOIN CLOTHS, best and strongest in the Market, 46in. long by 38in wide, waterproof, on stout navy canvas. and weighs 41b. I will send one post free for 35., worth 7s. 6d.--From HENRY JOHN Gessolf, Rye, Sussex.

WASTE Paper of all kinds, old account books, copying( books, pamphlets, circulars WANTED; re-manufac- ture guaranteed.--EDWIN BurrEawowrs and Co., 61, Waterloo-road, Liverpool. Telephone 1,315.

JMITSON, Corrugated Iron Church and Chapel Builder. • Estimates free for Iron Buildings of every description and erected on the shortest notice; 10 years With W. Harbrow.—OFTlCE, 2, Bythorn-street, near Brixton Station. London.

HOMBI SEWING.—PIain, simple twork, per parcels post El weekly easily earned. Persons required every where. Patterns and instruction book 6 stamps. Many advertisements mislead; this is genuine.—Wasic, Savil- town. Dewsbury.

150 SOLD, Lancasters' celebrated photo- graphic Cameras, ecc., for Amateurs or Professionals. MANCHESTER AGENCY is at 71, Oxford-street, (All Saints'). Lists _free. Second-hand cameras bought or exchanged.

JT IGHT WATERPROOF SHBETS, 6ft. long, 3ft. wide, 2s. 6d. ; or6ft. long and 6ft. wide, 55.; very strong. with brass eyelet-holes, cost four times the money. Post free from—HENRY JOUR' GASSON, Government Contractor, Rye Sussex. 1) UGS I RUGS !—Good, all wool, 81t. long, 6ft. wide, lA, and weigh over four pounds; Government grey; only been used a little; much better than common new ; I will send one post free for 3s.—From HENRY JOHN GASSON, Government Contractor, Rye, Sussex. 25,000 Pvaiicres. of e rLyE G strong G ING Sa n, justgood-looking,ptstsed ut of ws with h- whalebone stiffening up sides, strap top and bottom, leather lace up sides, extra bound leather, bound top and bottom. Cost 78. per pair ; will send one pair post free for 24 stamps from H. J. GASSON, Government contractor, Rye. LOOK 1 LOOK! 1 LOOK!!! Greatest bargains on earth. 10,000 Waterproof Hoods and Capes. Purchased from the Government. Cost 7s, 6d. each. I will send a Hood and Cape for 24 stamps, post free. Quite new, but put out of service.—HENEY JOHN GASiON, Governer ent Contractor, Rye, Sussex.

eiHINA and EARTHENWARH.—Buyers are strongly ad- vised to send for price lists of Dinner Sets, Tea Sets; Toilet Sets; China and Earthenware of all kinds and all prices. Special £1 sample crate of best and seoonds ; single set of anything sent as sample. Bay direct from the Pot- teries.—S.WEßß and Co.,Longton.Staffordshire Potteries.

pURE INDIAN TEA AT FIRST COST. To be given away a Free llample of Pure Indian Tea, ta every applicant. Imported by Advertiser direct from the growers. Delicious flavour ; 31bs, ss. 31. ; 61bs, 108.; bibs, 166.; 201ba, 306. All carriage paid —H. BUTLER, Connaught road, Reading.

FISH I FISH I FISH I On receipt of 10s. weiwill for- ward 10 stone of Cod, Ling, Haddock, and Plaice; splendid quality, well-iced; or on receipt of P.O. 2s. 6d. will forward a bass of finest selected Fish, carriage paid to any part of Great Britain. Norway Herrings 108. per box,— GREAT BRITAIN FISH AND OYSTER SUPPLY COMPANY, Grimsby Docks. a

pILES 1 PILES ! PILES I And all diseases of impure blood. HEAL'S celebrated remedies are guaranteed to cure them or money returned. What other firm with so- called remedies offer terms like this? None genuine unless from 6. HEATH-STREET, Lower Broughton-road, Manchester. Post free is. 3d. Hundreds of cures and never a failure known.

To BE SOLD BY PRIVATE TREATY, a large BRICK YARD and PLANT situate NEAR CROSS- L &NB. a large quantity of Brick Narrows, Covering Boa; ds, Wheeling Pl9.nks. Brick Stools, and a large Shed and Stables, and quantity of Clay Casted, plenty of water flee, and about 500,000 hand-made bricks, horse and carte; all fenced round.—Apply to EDWARD BAILEY, Hutel-st., or R. BAILEY 20, St. John-s.. Barlestown.

IMPORTANT TO MARRIED LADIBS. Valuable and never-failing remedies for all irregularities and obstructions however obstinate or lung-standing, and never fail to bring about the desired effect, as testified to by hundreds of eases; they are without parellel in medical science; have saved thousanda trouble, illness and expense. Stamped envelope for price Iist.—QUALIFIED CHEMIST. 201, Great Anconts-st— Manchester.

A BOOK FOR LADIES. The Information contained in this book ought to be known by every married woman, and it will not harm the un- married to read. No book is writttn which goes so thoroughly into matters relating to married women. Some may think too much is told; such can scarcely be the case. for knowledge is power, and the means of attaining laappmess. The book can be had, in envelope, from DR. ALLINSON, 30, Hygeia, Spanish-place, Manchester- square, London, W., in return for a Postal Order for is. 2d. x

TO PICTURE-FRAME MAKER. AND DECORATORS. if MORELL,I7 and 18Areat St.Andrew-st.,l3loomsbury. W.C. Cheapest House in London for English and Foreign Picture-Frame and Room Mouldings, Veneered and Fancy Wood Mouldings. &c. Wholesale Carver and Gilder and Mount Cutter. Regilding. Special attention to country (orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Book just pub.- lished, 107 pages containing all the newest designs, for six penny stamps, Glass Lists Fre. monthly. Telegrams RABBITRY. London."

SORE EYES SKIN DISEASES! BAD LEGS! WESLEY'S OINTMENT is warranted to cure Bad Legs, Bad Bre opts. Ulcers, Burns, Scalds, Boils Rheumatic rains, Sore Byes, and all Skin Diseases, causing the skin to become beautifully clear and healthy. Get a pot and test its great and manifold virtues. Many cases have been cured when the doctors have failed. Sent post free for la stamps, front HOLDUOYD'S DILUG STORRS, Clockheaton. Yorks.

ThE . DEAF HEAR. Dearness, Head Noises, and all other distressing ailments associated with loss of hearing, absolutely cured by using " AURALIME EssEzick " after all else has failed. The most marvellous medical discovery of the Nineteenth Century. Acts like a charm. Hundreds of grateful testimonials. Sufferers Why remain deaf when a cure awaits you? Post free, 2s. 9d. per Bottle.— THH MACKEY RII3II4DY COMPANY, 104, High Holborn. London.—Beware of injuri- ous instruments and other appliances.

MIACKENZIE'S FEMALE REMEDY. One case guaranteed to remove the most OBSTINATE OBaTRUCTICNS and IRREGULARITIES in 12 hours HARMLESS. Nothing can resist it. Failure is impossible Semd stamped envelope for PARTICULARS. TESTI- MONIALS. and ADVICE. Ours is the most POWERFUL and STRONGEST Remedy Sold, and in no single cap, has it ever failed—even in the m )st longstanding, intricate, ond lingering cases. Post free, under cover. with written guarantee of cure ss. (five shillings),—Mrs. W. E. MACKENZIE, Trafford House, 83, Dawes-road. Fulham, London. Mention paper.

SEEDS ! SEEDS ! ' NEW ANDREWS' Collection of Vegetable. and Flower Seeds produce a constant GENUINE supply. 2/6,5/-, 7/6, 10/6 & 21/-each DelLvered Free. Catalogues post free and ANDREWS & Co., RELIABLE I Seedsmen 21,Winchcomn CHELTENHAM.

MONEY lent privately. Borrowers requiring a strictly private loan, from £5 to £l,OOO at 5 per ceet., which can remain out from 1 to 15 years, by paying inter:, st only, should apply to A. SCOTNEY, 41, Market-street, Edgware -road, London, W.

T"' AND BE CONVINCED. Money advanced daill At a few hours' notice from £3 upwards, simply on note of hand. Interest lower than elsewhere, and cash broughS to the house if preferred. Letters prnmptly attended to.— Apply in confidence JONES, 64, Church-street, Warrington. Private house. Special terms to farmers. Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.

2200000 At from 4 per cent. (trust and other money) to bA Advanced on Mortgage or Deposit of Deeds, in sums to suit borrowers, in any part of Vac country.—J. W. READER, 5, Cook-st., Liverpool. Tele- graph No. 5,182. rn H E OLDEST ADVANCE OFFICE IN MANCHESTER. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO to £SCO upon PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY at much lower interest thaa usually charged. Repayment Arranged to suit bor- rowers' requirements. Genuine wad extensive business done for 25 years past. No Bills of Sale taken.—Apply or write for terms to GEORGE, PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy- at., Manchester.

MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. APRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at his disposal is open to advance Loans daily from £2 upwards. No fees charged. No security required. Simply on note of hand. Distance no object.—Apply personally or by letter to MANAGER, 6, Cross Lane, Earlestown (private house). Hours 9 a in. to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guaran- teed. Special terms to Farmers.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. mit. JOHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable Hcaseholders, on their own security. aiONHY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAT RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written prcrnise to pay back.—Apply et VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention.

ONEY.—A IeRIVATE GENTLEMAN with ' a .0.1 large Capital will make ADVANCES from £5 to £5OO to all respectable Householders, Tradesmen, Workingmen, and to all Classes worthy of Credit, simply on written promise to repay. No bondsmen. No publicity, and no inquiry fee. The Money can be advanced, if required, at the borrowers' own house thus saving them trouble and expense. If yen cannot get an advance from me it will be useless applying elsewhere, as no respectable application is ever refused.— Apply Mn. WEST, 32. Golborne-st. (private house) off Sankey- at., Warrington. N.B.—All letters prompt attention. Apply and be convinced. (No agent.)

MONEY LENT on note of band alone, without sureties, publicity, or security, from £2O to £5,000, to ladles or gentlemen, tradesmen, clerks, farmers, or any responsible person in town or country (distance no object) upon much easier terns and lower interest than elsewhere. No fees or preliminary charges whatever; strictly private, prompt and straightforward dealings gua, anteed. Bills discounted, Res- pectable borrowers elsewhere paying the usual extortionate loan office money lenders' or so called Banks heavy interest and fees, are cordially invited to come to me, and I will ae- commodate them upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. Before applying elsewhere call or write. WILLIAM SPENCER, 1, Wellington-buildings South, 2, Lither- land Alley, South Castle-street, Liverpool. Established 1851.

LOANS £3 TO £5OO. DAILY ON YOUR OWN SECURITY. NO BONDS REQUIRED, AND STRICTLY PRIVATE. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. I £l5 repayable 7/6 per wk. £5 „ 2/6 „ „ 10/- £lO „ 6/- , £25 ~ 12/6 „ Also LOANS granted on Life Assuraace Policies, Re- versions, Freehold and Leasehold Property, at Five per cent. interest. Letters receive prompt attention. Office hours 10 to 7, Saturday 10 to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH WADSWORTH, District Agent, 119, MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

MANCHESTER GENTLEMAN with large uninvested Capital. WILL ADVANCE SUMS OF £lO to £l,OOO, to respectable persons, on tb.3 Borrowers' SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE to REPAY. Without Sureties I Also on Deeds Repayments. „ Delay. I „ Life Polices 64. in the £ Law Costs. weekly,monthly „ Publicity. I or quarterly Capital can remain at interest. This Office is a Boua-fide Private Concern, and not connected with any Loan Office. HABITUAL BORROWERS roques'.ed not to apply. Full particulars from J. CAMPBELL, ESQ. Mancnester Chambers 46a, Market-st., Manchester.

Vubltrattons. FREE TO MEN. When you are tired of taking IL tuseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you nogood, but only ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN care for lost strength, wasting weakness, 8r.4., from whate,er cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Sent in envolope oi• receipt of two stamps for postage A. J. LEGH. 92-93. G• Russell-street. London, W.O

BOOK FOR MARRIED WOMEN The information contained in this book ougltt to be known by every married woman, stud it will not harm the unmarried to read. The book is conveniently Elivided into 12 chapters. The first chapter treats of the changes at puberty,or when a girl becomes a woman. The second chapter treats of marriage from a dodoes standpoint ; points out the best age for marriage, and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful in- formation that one can ordinarily get only from an in- telligent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage of blood relations; and condemns such marriages as a rule. Chapter four treats of the signs of pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how a woman should live during the pregnant state. The sixth chapter treats of mishaps and how to avoid them. The seventh chapter treats ef maternal impressions mid shows that birthmarks are not due tolongings on the part of the mother, but rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how to have easy confinements. Certain people believe that women should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made comparatively easy if certain rules are obeyed; these rules are given. The ninth chapter treats of the proper management of confinement until the baby is born. The tenth chapter tells how to treat the mother till she is up and about again. The eleventh ohapter treats of sterility ; gives the main causes of it, how these may be overcome and children result The last chapter treats of the "change," a most important article for all women over forty. The book is full of useful information and no book IS written which goes so thoroughly into matters relating to married women. Some may think too much is told ; such can scarcely be the case, for knowledge is power and the means of attaining happiness. The book can be had from Dr. T• R. ALLINSON, 25 Box, 4. t 7., pan ish-place Manchester-square, London, W., in return for a Postal crder for Is. Id.

COCKHRBLS, Prize Strains. Orpingtons, Plymouth Rocks, Silver Wyandotts, and Minorcas ss. each, also eggs, 2s. 6d. per dozen.—J. PowrtaLL, Great Sankey.

PRIVITY POLLY 1 Yes, the "Parrot Trick" has been worked successfully many a time and oft. Your safest plan is to go to some large importer and porch see direct from him. Of course it is his aim to supply good birds, as each one is an advertisement. Remember his address re- mains the same, while the swindler changes his repeatedly.— Copied from the Yorkshire Weekly Post." —WILLIAM C Ito+3B, Liverpool. the Largest Importer of Birds, Beast.. and Reptiles in the World. 800 Cages. LORE SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS, Ste., quickly CURBD BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary Book free from 61, Turnmill-Street, 11. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts, bruises, broken knees, crooked heels, grease or thrush, CURBD in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Condy's Fluid. diluted). It makes the hair grow where rubbed off. Prices, 8 oz. is.; 20 oz., 2s. of all Chemists. ITHTERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing diseases of Horses, Dogs, &c. from CoanY's FLUID WORKS, 61. Turnmill-street, Lonclon,ll .C.

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS Grand-daughter to the Widow MRS. WetlT,lliEitS9 continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and increasing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION.—To be careful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs. Snalthers, who is the only person in possession of the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Outside label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the Sole Wholesale Agents, " W. EDWARDS ,Sc SON, 157, Queen Victoria Street," formerly of 67. St. Paul's, London. are en- gr-ved on the Gov.rnment Stamp. Sold in boxes at 2s. lid. each, by most Chemists.

NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS, MONDAY NEXT, and the two following days, at THE MART, 37, Corporation-st., Manchester. at 11 each day. MR. WILLIAM ELIAS WILL SELL BY AUC- TION upwards of 1.000 pairs of NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS, and other LACE GOODS. Catalogues on application.

Telephone: No. 55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, Orrlcza—Market Gate Chambers, AUCTION ROOMS—No .1 Bank Street Warrington. AGENT TO—Sun ire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass ,Pidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Assochtien Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boilerlnsurance Company, Limited. Established 1864.

THOMAS GEORGE GROUNDS, MARKET-STREET CHAMBERS. WARRINGTON, (Late 10 years assistant collector and assessor of Income Tax,The House Duties, and Land Tax to Mr. Thomas Sutton, Legh-street, Warrington). ESTATE AND INSURANCE AGENT. Rents collected on reasonable terms. INCOME TAX WORK A SPECIALITY.

JONES AND ELS WORTH INCORPORATED ACCOUNTANTS. ESTATE AGENTS, &c., 57; WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE of Property for Sale by Private Treaty, sent post free to any address on application. Re-issue periodically. Particulars of property entered with- out charge unless a sale is effected. Advancea made by several Building Societies (Permanent) on easy terms. No PREMIUM CHARGED IN CONNECTION WITH ADVANCES ON GOOD FREEHOLD SECURITIES. Private mort- gages arranged at low rates of interest. Telegraphic Address, " Elsworth, Liverpool," Telephone No. 2,136.

THOMAS CO WDELL, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUES/. OFFICES AND I SCOTLAND-ROAD CItAY.PERS, SALEROOM:— [45, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Furniture on Sale by Private Treaty. CONSIGNMENTS INVITED.

Machinery, Sze., on 0111 c. (IN SALE, Four-horseITHRESHING MACHINE, equal to k_J new, with shakers, horsewheel 6tt., all complete for £B. —THOMAS PARKER, Myerscough, near Preston.

12NGINES, Boilers, Shafting, Pulleys, Pedestals, Belting, 1.1 large and varied Assortment of Machinery on Sale.— JOHN T. DAVIES, engineer, machinery stores, 6, Henry-st.. Liverpool.

T. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod Grier9on, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEW and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229.

I 1 00 MACHINE TOOLS, comprising Lathes, Drills, Planers, Shapers , Engines, Steam Hammers, &c., now ready. Apply. SCOTT BROS., Halifax. Patent Duplex High Speed Gas Engines, effect saving of from 15 to 25 per cent. gas per brake h.-p. on the ordinary single-crank gas engine. Best and cheapest extant.

P ATENT OFFICA MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha 4 more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the•cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., 8c SON, F.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

Co.,UCK AND kj Limited. INDIA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES, &c. Guaranteed quality. Lace; Thread, 0 Copper Sewn. or CEMENTED ONLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 4E, Chapel Street. Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester. London, Cardiff, Newport, and Dublin, LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diamrter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

311otti5, 311 profs, 13oarbam Cotabs. ------_----- --- LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LTJDGATH HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

PErr-stTeRdE4T: off Lovely-lane, 6 Roomed houses, re ora LYTHGOES-LANE Good Cottage 4s, 6d. pply, ROBERT LOWE. llstate Agent. Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No. 55.

wORKSHOP and WAREHOUSE. with private yard. behind top of Bridge-at.—Lowz, auctioneer, Market Gate, Warrington.

P EMONS WANTING HOUSES. SHOPS !cc., in Black pool should write.—WlLLlsm liAwsorr. 15, Foxhal Square. Blackpool.

rllO BE LET or SOLD, DALLAYI-LANB FOUNDRY .1 WARRINGTON, as a going concern,at present used tor he manufacture of Fire Grates. Ranges, Au. Stock and patterns at valuation ; railwAy siding in v, orks.—Apply Mr, ROBERT Low. Estate Agent, Warrington, T. No. 55.

To LET.—Good WORKSHOP, Orford-st.—Apply ASECTO and WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-st., Warrington. BOARD, RESIDENCB.—A comfortable, refined, HOME offered in a Country Villa, within easy access of town, Church, and rail, or private rooms if preferred, delightful situation, elevated but sheltered, air invigorating, specially adapted for bronchial weakness, horse and trap kept.—Apply Miss BRA.DBURY, Bryn-iach, Ruthin, North Wales.

liftustral illarUllltilts. QPECIAL SALE OF 300 PIANOS. ORGANS, AT J. kj PARRY'S. 20, DOWNING-STREET, London-road, Manchester. Premises coming down, and must clear a; any price. Several square pianos 5/ octaves, from £1 be. Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Cadby ... ... 6 10 Full-compass Iron frame Cottage, by Brinsmead 7 10 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by J.& J. Hopkinson 16 0 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage. by Collard & Collard 10 15 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Adams 4 0 Full-compass Iror-frame Cottage, by Tomkinson 7 10 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Kirkman lB 0 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Brard Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Broadwood l2 10 Fine Chancel Organ. in oak case, cost £25 About 60 One and Two Manual Organs from £3 to £4O. Several high-class New Pianos with all the very latest improvements by Erard, Kirkman, Collard, Brinsmead, Pohlmann, Hilton, Hopkinson, Rud Ibach, Newmeyer,Weber.

HIOH-CLASS SECOND-HAND YURNITURN. GIGANTIC CLEARANCE SALE. ENORMOUS REDUCTIONS IN EVERYTHING. THE GREATEST BARGAINS IN THE WORLD.

WORSLEY'S, GAYTHORN, DIANCHESTEE. THOUSANDS OF ODDMRNTS. TONS OF JOB LOTS. HEAPS OF SPLENDID BARGAINS. HIGH-CLASS FURNITURE, PIANOS, ORGANS, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, BEDDING, GIIHTALNS, BRASS FENDER, FIREBRASSES. OFPICEFI/RNITUEN All to be cleared at Greatly Reduced Prices.

THE SALE LASTS ONE MONTH, From January 2nd to January 3let. ALL ARE INVITED TO INSPROT.

WEEKLY CHAT :- SUBJECT, WORSLEY'S BIG SAM It. is customary, in all well-regulat-d houses or buSineNt; once, at least, every year to take stock, balance- up, and ascertain whether business has been worked at a profit or loss. Worsley's have always had a firm of chartered ac.• countants to examine the books, and issue a balance-sheet, From the report issued, we find that the present half-year from July Ist to December 315t,1895, is the most successful. The turnover is over £20,000 more than any previous half43sear. Mr. Worsley has, therefore, felt justified in an extensiOn of premises, and has succeeded in adding to The Pantheon the latgest Show-Room in Manchester, being one of the entire floors of the large mill immediately behind "The Panthoon." A magnificent Pianoforte Saloon is also in course of prepara- tion. The Manchester Electric Company's tender for a com- plete installation, including our own engine, dynamo, and plant, has been accepted by Mr. Worsley, and is being rapidly' completed. " THE PANTHEON." when re-arranged and finished, by February the let, will be' a magnificent show, and, in order to have everything fresh and perfect, Mr. Worsley has determined to get rid of his present stock at any price. NO reasonable offer will be refused, The goods bought now can be stored at our Depository, in River-place. City-road, free of charge, until required. SPECIAL TERMS. DURING THE SALE. Goods delivered anywhere carriage paid, Carpets and Curtains fitted free of charge, Storage and Fire Insurance free of charge. Goods not approved, exchange free of charge. Net Cash in every ease on bale Prices. Deferred payments at 10 per cent on Sale Prices. A Written Warranty with all goods at Sale Prices. COMPLETE HOUSES OF FURNITURE. WORSLEY'S BIG SALE. We have here over 50 Houses of Furniture in stock on view, ranging from ordinary prices, £lO 10s., £l5, £2O, £25. £3O, up to £lOO. We shall offer these at £8 10s., £l2, £l5, VA, £.2b, up to £75. We- invite every one requiring a compact, neat, substantial House of Furniture to write quickly to Worsiey's for a list of a complete House of Furniture, at the price nearest to their pockets. Worsley's will send post fray' The whole of the cash need not be paid forthwith, Spet cent. deposit being only required. WORSLEY'S.

DINING-ROOM FURNITURB. W ORSLEY'S BIG SALE. A magnificent Show in this Department. Some of the re- ductions here are startling, but it is utterly impossible tO adequately describe the Bargains. Your must come to The Pantheon to appreciate its countless advantages in Furnish- ing. It will cost you nothing to inspect, but will profit yOu much. It does not matter whether you buy or not. Come and inspect. • 150 Dining-room Suites, from £5 to £6O; reduced from £4 to £45. 100 Dininz Tables, all sizes; all woods, from 20s. to £2O ; reduced to 15s. to £l2 10s. 205 Sideboards, all sizes, from 355. to £lO5 ; reduced to 255. to £75. 197 Overmantels, in all woods, shapes, and sizes, the finest Stock in Manchester ; reduced to 12s. 6d. to £lO. N.B.—Every item in the above is good and substantlal,aad well worth inspection. THE MUSIC DEPARTMENT. WORSLEY'S BIG SALE. To make a clearance here, we intend almost giving piano' away. The profits of the music seller are usually so might,* high, that Worslev's are always about 40 per sent. beloW then., but profit is not now s consideration; we wish to clear. Worsley's will, during the month of January, Ihrow,hout the Big Sale, sell Pianos and Organs at half music sellers' prices. There is over ICO first-class instruments on show, from £2 to £ICS. New Pianos by Erard, Kirkman, Broadwood, Collard, Schiedrnayer, Bud lbach, at marvellous prices. Send for complete -list. Second-hand Pianos and Organs. by all the best makers, at £2, £3,24, £5,£6, £7.28, £9 and £lO, simPli astonishing bargains. Call and inspect.

DRAWING-ROOM FURNITI3II.O WORSLEY'S BIG SALE. This department is simply an exquisite show of- beast/Psi rich recherche colours, containing the finest specimens o'. high class artistic cabinet work. The expressionsof aurpris; of visitors to Worsley's often are that they had no idea we 1100 such high-class work in cabinet furniture. Worsley's quite as good furniture as the very best, highest-priced bowie" in Manchester. The Drawing-room Show-room contains over 200 Cabinets, all shapes and sizes, carved, inlaid. We have reduced them in price to much below the auction price. TbeY range from 30s to £5O, the £5O one being worth £l5O. The Drawing-room Suites are well worth inspection,forming quite an army of delightful variety. Complete Suites from £3 to £45 ; worth double and treble the amount. There is 11. immense variety of Cabinet Music and Brie a BraC. °WS- sional Tables, Card and Wine Tables, Overmautles, Chios' Figures, Vases, Pictures, &c.

BEDSTEAD DEPARTMENT. WORSLEY'S BIG SALE. Thousands of Brass Bedsteads, forming a georgeons.glittet- ing, dazzling sea of gold. Here are bargains galore. Solid Brass Bedsteads, from £2 10s to £25. Brass Mounted Bed" steads, from 15s to £5 ; all full-size, fitted complete, A let of odd Bedsteads. t, be cleared at old iron prices. Spring Mattresses at 78 63 to 21a ; worth three times the monel• Bedding, a little soiled, at a tenth of the usual price. Spies" did Wool Mattresses and Beds are &fully ridiculous prices. 45 to 10s. Curtains and Bed Drapery at giving away prices- All our new Bedding will be the same price. No reduction In New Bedding, simply because we make up all orders for New Bedding specially. Prices are only reduced on what la In stock. BEDROOM FURNITURE. WORSLEY'S BIG SALE. The Biggest Stock of Bedroom Furniture in Blanchester. We say this without fear of contradiction. and as we are con- structing 20 separate rooms to show Bedroom Furniture in. it is only natural that the stock must be reduced. Bedroont Suites, win th £2O, £3O, £4O, and_ £5O, may be secured at £5, £lO, £l5, and £2O. For instance, a magnificent Bedroonl Suite, in Solid American Walnut, all deeply carved in boo relief, 6 feet Wardrobe, massive and unique pair of fulll enclosed Dressing Stand and Washstand, three Chairs, Towel Rail, and Table de Nook, cost £5O, may be secured for £l7 10s. Another magnificent 7-feet Pitchpine Bedroom Suite. cost £65, for £2.0. Bedroom Suites at £6 to 210 ; sold else' where at £l5 to £3O. Pairs of Dressing Tables and Wash' stands, at 15s to £5 per pair, in all woods; simply astounding- Chests of Drawees, at lOs to £2. Odd Wardrobes, at 20s t° £lO. so low in price as to almost knock you down with sur- prise. Splendid Spanish Mahogany Wardrobes, all second' hand, rich colours, 4 feet, 5 feet, 6 feet, and 7 feet. ranging from £3 10s to £2O ; cost originally four times this money. Stands to rnatch. Painted Furniture awfully cheap, andia great variety. Inspectiou. invited.

MISCELLANEOUS JOB LOTS. WORSLEY'S 1310 SALE. This is the cream de la cream for bargains. Odd Suites Dining-room Furniture. at 20s to £5. Drawing-room 5,1 at £3 to £5. Bedroom Suites, at 355 to £7. cbes in Ifit Solid Mahogany, 155 to £2. Sofas, 21s to £3. Sldeboa 25s to £5. A lot of Hair-seated Chairs. 45 6d. A lot) Kitchen Chairs, is 6d each. A lot of Cain Chairs, is each. o• lot of Dressers, from ''° £2 10s. A lot of Solid Mahogani and Walnut High Carved Back Dressers, with wood bilas and sideboard backs, from £3 103 to £10; splendid value. job lot of Overmantels, from lOs to 205: A job lot of Fara Articles at half price, OARPETS, NEW AND SECOND-HAND WORSLEY'S BIG SALE. Hundreds of Second-band Carpets, from 103. to £2 1.0...% Hundreds of New Carpet Squares, all sizes, in Tapestry, fr°,l7, 15s. ;in Brussels, from 18s. ; in Velvet Pile, from 205. ' Axminster, from £2 1 5. All greatly reduced. New try, over 200 rolls, from Rd. ; 300 rolls of Brussels, from 15* per yard ; 100 rolls of Velvet Pile and Axminster from 2s. per yard. Rugs in countless variety, from is 6d. $o Rugs, from ss. 6d. Tap.stry and Chenille Curtains. fro,l 55. 6d. Lace Curtains, from is. 6d. Blankets, Sheets, a' Counterpanes at giving away prices.

OFFICE FURNOTURE. WORSLEY'S BIG SALE. All the Office Furniture to be cleared at half-price.

OVER 45 YE A,RS UNDOUBTED REPUTATION FOR RELIABILITY, FAIR DEALING, AND CHEAPNESS. ttEOII(3"E & COMPANY) 221, SCOTLAN D-ROAD, LIVERPOOL (EsTD. 1850.) RELIABLE GOODS ONLY. rEGA.RDLESS OF COST AS UNDER :- 1.000 Magnificent Diamond, Ruby, Sapphire, and all other RINGS, 5s to 135 in the £ in reduction. OUR great snecialite. Warranted gems in 18-carat gold. 2,000 Gold and Silver WATCHES, 5s to lOs in the £ Reduction. Written warranty with each. 1,500 Gold and Silver ALBERTS, 2s 6d to 10s in the £ Reduction. All warranted. Fine Diamond DRESS and BETHROTHAL BRACELETS, BROOCHES, EARRINGS, &c., 5s to lOs in the £ Reduc- tion. Warranttd fine gold. Magnificent large Selection MARBLE CLOCKS and COSTLY BRONZES, 5s to 100 in the £ Reduction. Every Article in Perfect Condition in handsome case, and accompanied by written warranty. GEORGE it CO. (Opposite Crane & Sons), SCOTLAND-ROAD. LIVERPOOL. 50-GUINEA GOLD CIIRONOMET HALF-HUNTRII. -k22 10 —For Magnificent Gold HALF-CHRO- METER HUNTER by leading local (Kew ' certificated) maker; finest pure English movement, really rated and adjusted in greatest extremes of heat and cold double jewelled throughout, and on end piece, all most valuable rubles; centre-seconds, with outside stop, Brequet spiral and unbreakable mainspring, and " safety " keyless 'winding, with every known patent and improvement to pro- duce an absolute and scientifically accurate timist ; in very heavy, plain polished, demi-hunting 18-carat gold cases, damp and dust proof ; City's jeweller's advertised price for this watch is 50 guineas. Warranted for 35 years, and cash returned in full if not approved. Maker's receipt given. Exchanges made. GEORGE'S ARE PRACTICAL WATCH EXPERTS, AND TEST EVERY WATCH THEY OFFER. £4O G-OLD KEYLESS CHRONOMETER HUNTER—. gl6 12s. - D. meter HUNTER by leading city maker's to the Quee n • compensated d adjusted for all temperr 'aires and positionsruby jewelled and throughout and on • end pieces, with spring keyless s rong hunting special hardene reque. ;c1 B t spiral unbreakable full-size, t , and every improvement ;in heavy (30z). 1 ully damp and cases. 18-carat hall-marked gold, dust proof, with centre seconds and patent 'warranty for 30 side stop ; new last ear, and warranted by maker's and our advance £l5. Fr • years, 'with undertaking to Free trial allowed. Quality for quality we defy competition. Approval. FOR FINE PRESENTATION WATCHES—GEORGE'S.

£25 GOLD ENGLISH CMRONOMETER HUNTER. 5.E.,8 15 a For this su pert) Gold English Chrono- S. VD. meter LEVER HUNTER, by most 'reliable maker to the Royal Observatory, fully compensated Ler heat and cola, jewelled in five pairs extra rubies, fusee, nbreakable main spring, and all improvements ; in strong !aunting cases of solid 18-carat gold, fully damp and dust made to special order for late owner,and is practically being warranted by maker's and our warranty for 30 Cash returned if not approved, SS ELL'S LADY'S £l7 GOLD ENGLISH LEVER. a For this Lady's very high-class Gold Church IS. VD. LEVER, of Thomas Russell and Son's, co-Street, pure English manufacture ; capped and extra I`yyjewelled movement, chronometer rated, unbreakable ennspring, and all improvements; in extra h,avy solid glish hall marked, 18-carat gold cases (and dial), fully 'lain') and dust proof, artistically engraved and chased; 'linker's and our stamped was ranty for 30 years given. Also, et £l4 GOLD LEVER by same makers (new last year), double sunk white dial, now only £5 17s Ed. "ORGE'S—A WARRANTY WITH EACH WATCH. _ LADY'S 10-GUINEA 18-CARAT GOLD WATCH AND HANDSOME SOLID GOLD ALBERT. B. 6For Lady's beautiful Second-hand D. Gold WATCH. almost new, with first claim movement, gold balance, jewelled in eight actions, real rubies, accurately timed, and warranted for 15 years ; in solid 18-carat gold cafes, together with fashionable solid gold Government stamped double Albert. with slide and tassel. 1)'1137 £3 19s 6d, in case complete. Special offer such as can MI), be seen at GEORGE'S, IN SCOTIAND-ROAD, Estd. 1850.

RUSSELL'S £l2 ENGLISH LEVER CHRONOGRAPH. t4lBs. D. —Forerthin s magnificent nceiltrillyo7(7. GRAPH of Thomas Russell and Sons (makers to the Queen), very Finest manufacture, with full chrouometer balance and ad. justed for all climates and positions, 13 actions ruby Jewelled, and unbreakable main spring, a 35-guinea gold movement. in 4oz plain solid silver cases, fully damp and dust proof, with gold joint and patent side stop. Special bctrgain for engineer, cyclist, &c., as it will not vary five seconds a month. Russell's latest production, strongly recom- Mended by them, and 25 year's warranty given. Payments taken. Month's free trial. CERTIFIED ACCURATE WATCEES AT GEORGE'S.

RUSSELL'S 8-GUINEA LEVER HUNTER. g 3 15s. 6D. For f aTail.enitidssLellr and dR SHOA.NTorn pure English hand make, jewelled in four pairs extra of costly rubies, fully capped, chronometer rated, and unbreak- able mainspring, in extra heavy damp and dust proof cases. with gold joints. New last July, and maker's warranty and ours for twenty years given. Payments taken. Exchanges made. GEORGE'S ALLOW BEST PRICES IN EXCHANGE.

f-re 10s. ENGLISH CAPPED CHRONOMETER LEVER AND MASSIVE SHAM: CURB ALBERT. £2 9 1 ( Nset Nrvo Inas t nye& f oLrE .rhEi Rs y grandleading, very ~ g Lancashire makers, with full chronometer balance, rated for -heat and cold, unbreakable mainspring, and fully capped, in LaP"sive crystal glass, plain sold silver, damp and dust proof ZAles, double sunk dial, and gold hands: warranted 20 yealo, sZd will not vary ten seconds per month, with masqive solid ver Albert, only £2 9s. 6d. Cash returned if not as repre- sented. Payments or cash Free trial allowed. THE BEST AT LOWEST PRICES AT GEORGE'S! MINT'S 10s. STRONG SILVER KEYLESS LEVER 2, ss. 6D. class cvleOrs.KseiyxiewahNsultgo)wfiftozetxhtims firury Jewelled movement, genuine (cut) chronometer balanae, Patent safety unbreakable mainspring and keyless action; In strong Government stamped silver cases, fully damp and dust proof, with gold winding pendant; will not vary 30 seconds per month and warranted 20 years. Payments taken. SEE GEORGE'S WINDOWS FOR REAL BARGAINS.

SPLENDID £4 STRIKING REGULATOR CLOCK. For this splendid 8-day REGULATOR 225. 23 For CLOCK, in cabinet made burr Walnut, solid brass movement, chimes hours and halves on gong, large visible pendolum, and sunk centre opal dial; splendid timist ; add written warranty for 20 years given. Payments taken, WARRANTED RELIABLE CLOCKS AT GEORGE'S. DIAMONDS ! SECOND-HAND DIAMONDS I UNPRE- CEDENTED BARGAINS. A GUARANTEED SAV- , ING OF 50 PER CENT. (108 IN EVERY R) OVER ANY ROUSE IN THE TRADE, AND EVERY ARTICLE ,WAR- RANTED, AT GEORGE'S.

LADY'S 60-GUINEA DIAMOND RING L 25 10s VmallgvneidficeaVOßCi-NuiGnezo—nFt:irnithisfirave large Treat water white Golconda brilliants of rarest lustre, imma- culate perfection, and matchless beauay and fire. A large but extremely high-class ring, which could not fail to please the severest critic. Approval, Exchanges made. GENT'S £27 SINGLE STONE DIAMOND RING. 29 17s. 6D.--FWA(.3l(l)t'NstiSuillrNa.rgae Single-stone large stone of dazzling whiteness and one blaze of lustre and fire, in massive solid 18-carat gold claw setting only £9l7s 6d, With our undertaking to advance £8 10s. £25 LARGE DIAMOND AND SAPPHIRE RING. . t 8 15s. 6D.—Fa superb containing large SuperiorrgeoHir AenLt•Fal l'a•PPhires of the true royal blue colour, and lustrous real Brazilian Diamonds of first water, in exquisitely wrought +letting of solid hall-marked 18-carat gold. A mos superior lot. Approval. LADY'S £l5 FINE DIAMOND HALF-HOOP. gn 4 17s. 6D.--Cdritlarlgse recently—For Lady's five beautiful real brilliants of dazzling whiteness and one blaze of fire; in carved claw setting of solid 18-carat gold. bit•nother similar Diamond Ring, really wonderful vaiue, only 'O•5 6d; cost £lO. Warranted perfect and genuine. Approval. 18-GUINEA SOLITAIRE DIAMOND EAR-RINGS. .k 6 183 6D.— Fs thistoorne p(Talme nodnig rA ilto.viteg-, g I oe f- Pnrest water, dazzling lustre and fire, and guaranteed ' with- -15'4 a flaw, 18-carat gold claw setting. Approval. SPECIAL BARGAINS ENGAGEM.ENT RINGS. 't/••--Beautiful HALF-HOOP, containing 5 large lovely brilliant Diamonds and Oriental Rut•ies ; handsome claw setting 2 9 6 tls'—Superb 5-stone brilliant DIAMONDo, half- hoop of rarest lustre and fire, securely mounted in strong claw setting; posi- tively un?qualled. -Lustraus first water brilliant DIAMOND 4'210, in plain ttick band of 18-carat gold. --Beautiful 5-stone Half-hoop of real DIAMONDS and RUBIES of rarest lustre, in heavy 18-carat gold 0 12 6 217 LARGE SINGLE DIAMOND PIN-STUD. 14 i 5 it —For lovely Brazilian Diamond PIN bean,. D. or STUD, a large stone of the rarest or T, fire, and lustre, warranted without the slightest flaw ,(llernish, securely mooned in beautiful claw setting of 18 carat gold; also beautiful large Diamond and Ruby eit'ulter PIN-STUD, coet £l7, now only -25 4s 6d; and single - ; "le diamond claw-set PIN-STUD. cot £6 10s, now offered or42s 6d. Ail wairanted. Approval. 7-GUINEA DIAMOND. BRACELET. st 7 guineas recently). for fashion- -1(9 6 " b"Etruscan" Pattern •S. D. able !mon ull,-wrought BRAcE„,smglestone DLA.INIOND and PEARL fiexibi i'RT, very heavy solid gold setting. Also lovely e eurh en Padlock Chair' BRACELET (with ••• safety " chain) in ' fashionab, hands,ce 8.1 ,4s 6d, worth £3. And another -103 6,1 'e Gnid-wire " twist and lesot " BRACELET, only Di value Ths 4MONIA:. GEORGE'S DIAMONDS. Tin? Q AB-ra '.Ol-TXDEST INVESTMENTS. WITH 'stir) UNDOUBTED RELIABILITY. cwt./ 1 Gold Curb ALBERT. I 21": 80LID GOLD ALBERT AND SEAL. 6 s) tor massive.very heavy, Goverment eng • , ment stamped on every link with handsome Hall- D.—(Cost May rk?cl gold Seal attached. Also another (cot £9 108) _ellarge Coro ALBERT with SEAL. now £4 17s 6,1 ; and eanother Ditto Ditto (cost £5 Jos), now only £2 •19s 6d• A :rut warranty with each. Exchanges irvited• Cash oa •'-aeY Paym, Gold eh • -laus• We offer the best value in the world in R 3 10s. FASHIONABLE SOLID GOLD hand -carve- D.' 295. co —For ALBERT. sI4IIII4IUTLE ALBERT, of b.sautiful all i (1,-.:ign and iatest fashion ,wi VI four beautiful i• 7 tassel and two drops with spring ring, n solid • • ' Q••ite equal to new, •. overnment stamped. ,-•• Ipt

DR. St4DTT'S PILLS, prepared without Mercury', ite invaluable to all who suffer from BILIOUS and LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, WIND, SPASMS, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, IRRITABILITY, LOSS OF APPETITE, DYSPEPSIA, HEARTBURN, GIDDINESS, &C. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, as a GENERAL FAMILY APERIENT MEDICINE have no equal, being mild in their operation and grateful to the stomach. They give a healthy tone and vigour to the different secretions, causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digestion and strengthening the whole system. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, should be kept at hand by all Heads of households, to resort to on any slight occasion of ailing on the part of those under their charge as by paying attent•on to the regular action to the Stomach, Liver and Bowels, many a severe illness is avoided or mitigated. Tne Genuine are wrapped in a square green package bearing the name of the proptietor, W. LAMBERT, 173, Sey- mour Place, London. W. By post for 14 or 34 stamps.

WOOLS, WORSTEDS, AND KN ITT ED HOSIERY DIRECT FROM 013 R. OW N MILLS. FLEMING, REID. AND CO., SPINNERS Arm MANUFACTURERS, THE WORSTED MILLS, GREENOCK, Have Opened a Branch of the SCOTCH WOOL & HOSIERY STORES AT 371 BRIDGE STREET, W ARRINGT ON. For the Sale of the Celebrated GREENOCK WOOLS and KNITTED HOSIERY and SHAWSWATER DRESS FABRICS. These Goods are well known and largely used in every Town in Scotland and England. PATTERNS AND PRICE LIST SUPPLIED FREE. Over 70 Branches in the Principal Scotchand English Towns.

IMPORTANT STOCKTAKING SALE OF RELIABLE SEALSKIN GARMENTS AND RICH FURS. WT. CREAMER & CO.'S GREAT SALE COMMENCES ON MONDAY, JANUARY 6TH. SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS. REASONABLE AND GENUINE CON- CESSIONS. WILLIAM CREAMER AND CO. Bnig,ll;tialiptgßtTivihTeypfroersepnurtolssinagn ChOICE EXCEP- FURS and SEALSKIN JACKETS. The Stock is simply enormous. Every Article own Manufacture and guaranteed absolutely reliable. Newest Fashions, Smartest Shapes. UNLIMITED VARIETY. EXTREMELY KEEN PRICES. DETAILED CATA.LOGU i ON APPLICATION. INSPECTION AND COMPARISON OF VALUE RESPECTFULLY INVITED. MANUFACTORIES AND SHOWROOMS. 56 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THE EXAMINER. SATURDAY, January 25th, 1896.

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golhorne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts Wil3t of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldliam, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.Helens, Southport. and South Wales Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earle stown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport, and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m. 9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-35 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 P.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Q//ices also 10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m. 5, 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 & 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8-15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a m. and 7 p.n.. 8-30 A.M. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m. 7 p.m. 7.15 am. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

TAKING COLD. A" Cold "is not necessarily the result of a high or ow temperature. A person may go from a hot bath directly into a cold one, or into snow even, and not take cold. He may remain out in the coldest atmosphere until chilled through, and still not . take cold. On the contrary,he may take cold by pouring a couple of table- spoonfuls of water upon some parts of his dress, or by standing in a door, or before a stove, or by sitting near a window or other opening, where one part of the body is colder than another part. Let it be kept in mind that uniformity of temperature over the whole body is the great thing to be looked after. It is the unequal heat upon ainerent parts of the body that produces Colds, by disturbing the uniform circulation of the blood, which in turn induses congestion of some part. Keep the feet always dry and warm, avoid draughts of air, keep the system braced up by plenty of sleep and good food, and by a powerful Tonic, and you will be proof against a Cold and its results. The very best Medicine, either for reventing or curing a Cold, is O WILYIE EVAN 'S QUININE BITTE RS, DIE VEGETABLE TON IC, Which is the most perfect Vegetable Remedy known,and the most efficacious to strengthen the constitution, en- liven the drooping or deprested spirits,brace the Nerves, and remove all Disorders of the Stomach which are caused by Indigestion, such as Loss of Appetite, distress after Eating, Acidity of Stomach,Eructations, Heaviness and Langour. Disorders of the Liver are often caused by defective Digestion. The potency of the gastric juice in the process of Digestion is wonderfully aided by the powerful ingredients contained in GWILYII EVANS' QUININE BITTERS, THE VEGETABLE TONIC. While the Stomach recovers its normal tone, the putrid undigested food is cleared away, and the poor dyspeptic is relieved of his load of misery, once more enjoys good health, and looks forward to happiness and long life. GWILYII EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. • THE VEGETABLE TONIC. Prices : Bottles, 2s. 9d., and 49. 61. each. To be had of all Chemists and Vendors of Patent Medicines in the Kingdom, or will be sent at above Prices direct from the Proprietors : QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING CO. LTD., LLANELLY, SOUTH WALES.

rap% ...,.,,,111•••••• • Niro, 040111• • • • • .1, .N wpm '17.1 • - ' / - ' .10704MDS'S • - ' cli?,-- ,i" V • ' —-- . c • J. 'l,.' is •. . Xj'wait-liS - %r - A,'" V ...• . ...; : I . 1 a URI 171.Nath UCrni;At 7k"' 1.1.01 •.? ik'.4', ,I•t',i . :WOOdetSa. roitiZ • Tot 44 eac t. -. ,-.it07,_,4 l'l,, '- .1 s, 2, ~,,,..h.„ e. ~...1• • ColrudertU,P, Tal.to i404.1.23a ' -7,- 711,!:-#:-/ _ :113act .5.4,6,--A3t2timetitgßeboloirea);, . 01)4 50uf5,5..4-,v21- Ai a .456-r,l Sole Agents J. H. WESTON, CHEMIST, RUNCORN, J. STRINGFELLOW, T. HICLENS.

i - ••; , - ' FOR CA ciAl/IVESS USE 011fLr . ~..3.• .1.... .-• , - 2 , 4., , '`,'. - 0 . .. , , ~ .,. ,• . ti.,,_,‘ : ,li.• ' .47 • . 1., :-.e„,-, p.,,-.• ~1,;,,,. ~,-, . . , ~:f.: 4:,.. ,11" ' • .ec 4 ... . A ... -.. Y .' ' PIAIrEA'S 70 715/E-Ql/ZEN.' 4'

ONE CASE OF ARMY: AND NAVY MEDICINES contains sufficient to cure Contagious Diseases of a certain class, (internal and ex- ternal). Price 45.6 d. Single Bottles of Mixture 2s 93, Only of HOPE. Operative Chemist, (la Methuen) 332 Deansgate. Manchester. Advice free,

ESTABLISHED 1851. BIRKBECK BANK. Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, London, TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed on DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per t.:ENT on CURRENT ACCGUNTS, on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lOO. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purchased and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT. For the encouragement of Th•ift the Bank receives small sum deposit, and allows interest monthly on each com- pleted 2. BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MoNTIL BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars post tree. FRANCIS RA.VENSCROFT. Manager.

_ JDMORTON'S CAMOMILE PILLS llv e a reputation of nearly 100 YEARS as being WITHOUT AN EQUAL. ..:.:. as a Remedy for 1 -1:-'' ' INDIGESTION, DYSPEPSIA, - - A 414 SICK BILIOUSNESS, • • - - - HEADACHE, and LIVER COSTIVENESS, COMPLAINTS.. , / • ".- :, ..0). , I ;,,,,i, • A Cniro . . ; , *IL , $ tok--------, . Mild in Operation, Perfectly Safe, and Free from Injurious Drugs. Bold In Bottles at Is. lid., 2.g. sd.. and ils, each, by all Medicilie Vendors throughout the World. Ask for "Norton's Camomile Pills," and do not be persuaded to purchase an imitation. _ , Prepared by NORTON'S 1/12,2...,.i.51.15C1=..L::=:pi5i

LADIES' WKST FRIEND Marriei or Single Ladies should send at once for LADY'S HANDY HANDY ILLUSTRATED GUIDE. post free, sealed, two stamps; invaluable infor mation of never-failing remedies for all ILLUSTRATED Irregularities and Obstructions. obsti- Inate or long-standing. The only effectual remedy that does not contain poisonous or dangerous drugs; cannot hurt the I most delicate. GuIDUA: EDAE.E.. LILLY, COLSTON STREET, BRISTOL

BREAKFAST-SUPPER. EPPS'S GRATEFUL-COMFORTING. COCOA BOILING WATER OR MILK.

POLISHING—A PLEASURE I WILL NOT .5",..., . STEPHENSON'', FINGER ier I MARK. -46 FURNITURE CREAM. • •_,- ::::::.::-. ..• . ~,.._ ___F------- -7-±-,- ------'7 '---.---,---- ---••- • Sold by Chemists Grocers, and Ironmongers. Sole Proprietors, STiPHENSON BROS.. BRADFORD.

The Grand old Remedy for Chest Diseases. In use from the year 1826. eoNGREvE,s BALSAMIC ELIXIR This tfilendid medicine should be in every household. IN CASES OF On the appearance of the First Symp- toms of a Cold a good dose of the COUGHS orilIVITIC), BALSAMIC ELIXIR will, in nineteen --........--... b out of twenty cases, carry it off before AND It becomes settled or merges intolnflu- BRONCHIAL ones. At the first suspicion of INFIX. ENZA take it,—as well as when the well-marked symptoms appear; also AFFECTIONS take ft for the SUBSEQUENT WEAK- NESS of the LUNGS, and other direful jj' atrilsev to get etw theiti ltCh Cough ugm 1::: effects of this alarming disease. cint, and you can hardly Rev. F. E. LIZAPZ, of Derby. writes: lieved, and the bronchial 'lt always puts my lungs right, and symfitons to disafihear. In that very distressing disease, so drusotveldayou.t“ the terrible INFLUENZA ---- terrible, especially to the aged, POrisHinOvAaißuaSbEleN, and S it ASTHMA—ALSO BRONCHITIS—. SPLENDID CONGREVWS BALSAMIC ELIXIR has .......................... i been the means of wonderful relief. See the case of LADY G. BROMLEY FOR THE VOICE (No. XIII, in Mr. Congreve's book). Also as a PREVENRATIVE OF COLD to Speakers going out in all weathers. WARM AND COMFORTING AND VERY PLEASANT taken on a small • lump or two of swar in the way of a lozenge. CONGREVES BALSAMIC ELIXIR may be had of all Medicine Vendors in bottles at 15. 1(2.. 25. 9d., 4s. 64, and familybottles at Ils. and 225.

%V " te" I 7 Ma Y And to prove it I will GIVE you a bottle of my remedy for nothing, so that you may try it before paying out any money. I have made a life-long study of Fits, Epilepsy, S. Vitus Dance, &c., and when I say cure I mean a radical cure. Don't CONTINUE TO SUFFER, but sen I Sd. for carriage of testi- monials and FREE Bottle of Medicine, and TRY IT. H. C. ROOT, 28, Endsleigh Gardens, LONDON, N.W.

A MONTH. .& 10 Salary or Commission. ACTIVE Men, at good remuneration, are Wanted, each locality, to introduce (locally or travelling) new dis- covery and keep our Show Cards and Advertising Matter distributed throughout town and country; steady employ- ment; commission or salary 470 per month, and expenses up to ios. 6d. per day; money deposited with bankers when started. For particulars write to the World Medical Electric Company, Temple Chambers, London, E.C.

FOUND DEAD. POISON FOR KILLING RATS. Thousands have been killed by using SANFORD'S POISON. Hundreds of farmers that have used it say it is the best Poison known, as they find a lot of ra ts dQad by using it. Post Free. is. 2d., 2s. 3d. box of SANFORD & SONS, S,indy Beds. Send stamps and try it. Sol& y Chemists. Als' o MICE POISON for dressing corn stacks, and poison for killiu Moles on land.

SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOIJS PILLS. Is lid. and Zs. 9d, per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps) are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety, aftet excess in eating or drinking, and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Men curiale, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S.. 280, Walworth-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN, BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, is. 10., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the case. SMITH'S NVALUABLE PILE POWDER, AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES, SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors. 1

THE GREAT REMEDY. , , UT PILLS. FOR GOUT RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA, LUMBAGO, The Excruciating Pain is quickly relieved. Sure. Safe. and Effectuil. Sold by all Chemists at is. 10. and 29. 9d. per box.

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. OECHAITS BLIALS FOR ALL BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS SUCH AS SICK HEADACHE,

ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION BOXES. In Boxes, 9id., is. 10., and 25. .91• each, with full directions. The is. 11d. Box cc,_ alas 56 Pi I. ----- PREPARED ONLY BY THE PROPRIETOR-- THOMAS BEECIIAM, St. Ifelens, Lancashire. BEEGHAEs TOOTH PASTE EFFICACIOUS—ECONOMICAL— CLEANSES THE TEETH—PERFUMES TH.6 BREATH. In Collapsible Tubes, of all Druggiste, or from the Proprietors, for Is., post-paid.

aFORTHE 81:0011. IS_ THE, LIFE': IS_LARKES‘, ORLIWAhiaI ' tBLOOD-MIXTURE

THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to light, and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it to our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin sad Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects ere marvellous. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and lls, each, of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY. LINCOLN. Beware of Worthless Imitations.

..- • • ---'----. - • e_..0," :•:-',...1"-•• ~ •7 .•-•-,\ . , . _ . ~ ~.. \ Lt., • -A V".. - , I', • ~, - / rr'll /1/' ' • :-- --- ''''' '' ' , 6 i - -^•-••-• ---='-','"if,',r •-,-224('-' hili9, 11./';;;;iii;N::;:).';'. j • . ; ~,,,,,,,,,4,!, 41,10,•",1,4, ti , il.,14.,••:10. ';;;;Fy;11,..,.'\) •,•4,•;,i;lefi''' irm id, ,'f i ' ',t •,,1441',it ~,4,ti", •;1•1 '4' .i-, ' ilkr 4f,' 't.. ‘ t i7)2'.i,!.:.7h1 ‘`...,1',. fir'''''....,i 100 > _ : .4 ) C'tlf 4'Vfi..*---''''''l.-/•':--141:7 '''',kl..l: ...- •! ' ' Or (Z. t4O ii,' .‘111,..;,,,, ~,,,,_ ....',4::'',..:104i.";:.'P-' ' ' ?-1.4-'tl42 . 41;; 0 s'• !0r4.41'..•„,.... FIFTY (WHIM, - ~..asp,-, ,-,-,,... ..- .. ~-.-,.... ‘ 'i• ELiEVE 'f 01 $ \ (I\l , \ „ , \ / \ • , FEVERIS44 HEAT. \ 10 ,1 ii j \ rvivert I' iti, Con,ision et, ~..." ..,/ ( _ e' PieSITVII . r - .-X4:t ' , H.by suit.' .1 O. ) Fr diarell ' ;ea Constit,tio 11,109 the , ••Za P.T" if TFETtitric ' . 4. . cuttirjfigellt i ',/, •,.V. I'4e • , Al4'Q6nli, SUrr,e)r. , z. ...,...... e ------w-- •) :.t...;• .L 7 • * 31.. Please Observe the E E s, k I:It:, 1 N STEEDMAN i , z, ,N. _,, - • ,--- .‘c<:`,l...• ~:l'•`.,l)'t.:' I'C- .., „, C;;;--:-...-.........„ _....-- a,..;;",;•;• ... a, ,t, • ~,,

, _ - _ Fr • ,‘ ' • I . , AMERICAN ROLL TOP DESKS. El egaruiti Design, and of the most ingenious Construction. Suitable for the home, the Library, for Banks, for Public and private Offices. The Desk is an odee in itself. All sizes in oak or walnut. The closing of the top automatically locks all e drawers. Prices, from £8 S. 0. upwards. Sole Importer THOMAS TURNER, NEWARK STREET, LEICESTER.

reinsmassminommirmuniss., 7.• Thase tiny CAPSULES are supe riOf to Balsam tipof Cowtibs, Cubebs or Injections and cure In "k: 48 hours the same diseases without ineon- • sentence. 4/6 of all Che- -47, D mists. Or post free. WILCOX a Co.. . 2N, OXFORD FL, LONDON, W

SAVES HAND-LABOUR. A:4-4 -: -4.• .. ~14 . . . X., , - - , .. ..••••,,,:. ,t - ' '.., "..: • • •••,, ..• ~.. •..., -s- "•A - ~ .-R. :,•-• . ... '..• , .'4' '- ''',', yk, ~f; I'' •• ..; . • •''',',:.' ' I :•,. 4. '-'' ''''Ps; ,fl 4,, 't '''l. 44,, t•aC ' .;:t* .-3'o. ;SA Vit '4 ~.IK, ...-. '.: k 4..!,'

WASHES EVERYTHING.

~ ott e 8 Jars -4 yli 2/9 y- ,$V.4.13496.4 11/62k2 4 I). lb 2.4,,rnek_l ,_ ..., ie, / ..,.. ‘ ,: . .22.-,-.7- ; , ,_ _,, . , _-__-______= ~-„, , FORFAR ATHLETIC .(si s_ . \ / FOOTBALL venenCtirrUeß?' . • , s !, eOftwittyLW- ----r------ Al .., \ 4 , ii,,_:______„ ....„... ,„:_-__ ._,,...., . ~,,,..., ~_... satisfaction to ..-- cat who liavey 1) -41 'IP $47,0, --,..„--...... .---• u_sea. it '_....' , ----,- c= •-, - on 1.4; •A"--- 'do, ---- -= reinzred ___,.); j 7_...5. -,-;,;-......_. A....-. 4 •fr 4. • g .......-...,,..........„.. ELLIMAN SONS Ee UO. ,;:ik.-- ~.,.. , slog, _.. _v.,. ~,.. 4 $0,1411..- - f 7 1 , - ~"••••• 1)...z' ENGLAND -"1..:...a:f7, ._;:%.'"1._"....,'5r. --N10,0141....4f_r ", • ....4. .. .. ^r?",p, _ .

FOUR GREAT HOUSEKEEPER'S BOONS. TRY ONE, TRY M., to RISINGSURSTOVE POLISH. • EASIEST, QUICKEST, CHEAPEST, & - BEST BiACKLEAD TI:E. WORLD •I'-1 In Half the Time, with Half the 4 0 g Labour, you can produce Noe • Polish with Two Penny Packets g • of Rising Sun than with Half- ts I c. 4 aim Dozen of ordinary Blacklead. Risiß U ISRI METAL zi 2 111 POLISH. 6'l GIVESTOALL KINDSOF METALS A BEAUTIFUL SOFT BRILLIANTPOLISH. s 1 • Sold in 3d., 6d. & 1/- Bottles. No Mixing, 5, No Scratches, Scarcely any Rubbing. 2,1 3 CHANCELLOR'S PLATE POWDER. 41 "There is no preparation of which we know to equal 8 • Its excellence."—ENQUlßF_ WITHIN —3d. per box. MACK', STARCH 1 34 ' CONTAINS-IN PROPER PROPORIIONS cLoss,BoßA)(,‘Gum.;WAx,:&.-&c- REQUIRES no addition or preparation. PI, ti SAVES Time, Labour. and Uncertainty. , PRODUCES Beautiful White Glossy Linen. ;.; Ask your Grocer to get them for YOU. C. CHANCELLOR & Co., LONDON, E.C.

VENEZUELA AND THE TRANSVAAL. The American President's action is eclipsed by the liaiso"! interference, and popular feeling is roused. America.' Finance is seriously disturbed, and it nrly do good to tell how Germany may also be touched through the Natiotto purse, Stop sending money t;,e country. Use no wort German yeast to make yo bz.-,ad. Ask for " Yeast. Absolutely pure and ot ifGnas, manufacture. Sole Makers— THE DISTILLERS CO., LTD., EDINBURGIL The Largest Distillers in the World. Note our brand, "D. C. L." and ask for it. Take No Other!

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arranTEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each &tient informed beforehand the cost I°ll TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless Extorr itotnroauss hjtxteirte o by the aia' TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallon. weekly. Exors. of the late J. H. PARKINSON.. - (DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TU ESDAYS, at Mrs. 31350 WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SAD/KEY-01 RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BEIDGE-ST. NORTH WICH, On FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEDIARKET-0°

LADIES ! A WORD WITH YOU PLEASE —Pg' • d GRUNDY'S FEMALE PILLS, composed of Ste2l Pennyroyal, by a Secret Process known only to the Prooribv tor, have never failed in producing the desired effen. Owimg to the great demand, the public are mutioned agoll some spurtous imitations. These Pills are invaluable tO Females who may suffer from any Irregularities. Pale Face' Weakness ,Enemia, LOSS of Appetite, Lowness of Spirits, Price per Box, 70., Is. lid., 2s. 91. and 45.6 d. I have oc pointed Mr. J WOODEND, Chemist, 22, Pltt-st., Sole Agentfor Great Britain and the Colonies. None otO' APO' genuine.

uary 14th MARRIAGE BIRICETT —MASSEY—Jan erell at the Parish Warrington, by the Rev. 11. R. M. Hutt, John Birkett. Sarah Ann 111..ssey. DEATHS. IN MEMORIAM. In loving Memory of Harry Maybury, who fell sale& January 24th, 1892. " Gone, but not forgotten." Frw —January 12th, at 99, Knutsford-road. Latchford. gild: Ellison, beloved daughter of Mr. Bon Few, aged 1 year Ail 5 months MlLLER—January 9th, at Blue Coat-street, Warringt4ll Margaret Miller, aged 1 year. et) STEELE —January 10th, at Orford-lane, Warrington, Ell Steele, aged 76 ;ears. DAvrEs—January 10th, at Howley-lane, Warrington. garti° Davies, aged 55 years MORRlS—January 10th, at Longford-street, Warrington, Morris,aged 51 years.
